23) 0) text: A madhouse: agents moving back and forth as, inside various offices and cubicles we see the techies and scientists from the lab being interviewed. We FOLLOW a secretary into
165) 2) dialog: We've been following your work for some time. We're very impressed.
165) 4) dialog: We'd like to check some figures with you, if you don't mind.
165) 5) dialog: Miss Naughton, we can offer you a chance to continue the work you've been doing with Dr. Chen.
165) 7) dialog: I'm afraid he's not available. He's quite ill.
165) 9) dialog: We'd have to get clearance for that.
170) 0) text: Eddie and Lily are accompanied by Shannon and a small group of scientists and technicians.
170) 1) dialog: We understand the function of the catalyst and the laser application, which makes the reaction self sustaining. But we can't seem to control it, and this makes the process highly dangerous. We think the nozzle you've built is what makes it controllable. But for some reason, we don't have the specs for the nozzle, and we can't seem to duplicate your work.
178) 0) text: Lily moves through the lab with Shannon, Collier and a small group of scientists:
178) 2) dialog: Computer controlled, using your data.
178) 4) dialog: Automatically, in the event of main source failure.
179) 0) text: Eddie is at the lathe, turning his nozzle, shaping it carefully. Two scientists watch over his shoulder as
181) 0) text: Eddie inserts the plunger into the nozzle and checks its play: He passes the nozzle to the scientists, and while they inspect it, we see Eddie slip a metal cylinder into his pocket. And we
182) 0) text: Lily enters new data into the computers under the watchful eye of scientists and
184) 0) text: Eddie squirms under the water tank, placing the nozzle in it's appropriate housing as Shannon, Collier and the scientists observe. He removes the old housing, places it on the floor beside him, and as Shannon and Collier study the new nozzle in place, we see that the old housing has disappeared.
185) 0) text: The scientists and technicians sit at a long table, eating their cafeteria fare. At the far end of the table, Eddie and Lily sit side by side. As always, Lily's head is bent over a computer print out, which she is checking with her pencil, making notes on the margins.
189) 0) text: Collier, Shannon, and a group of scientists cluster together as the technicians busy themselves with a test. Not far away are Eddie and Lily.
189) 1) dialog: Main power. The odd hum of machinery again. In the tank, small bubbles appear at the edges of the electrodes.
189) 2) dialog: (continued) Injector...
189) 5) dialog: Laser... The laser glows, bouncing its beams off the mirrors. The water tank begins to shudder as the water roils.
189) 6) dialog: (continued) Cavitation sound waves... A Technician at the console moves a control forward and the