0) 0) text: Black screen. A rumbling sound. It intensifies. A woman's face appears suddenly in close up, shocked, disoriented. It is AMELIA (late 30s.) She travels fast, pinned back to what could be a car seat. It’s not clear. She is suddenly lifted up and around, her face tumbling as if in a dryer, 360 degrees. The image slows down as she shuts her eyes. Bits of dirt and debris fly past her face. There’s no sound. The effect is strangely beautiful.
0) 3) text: (Louder still) MUM. Amelia hears the boy’s voice for the first time. She opens her eyes as she ‘falls’ slowly back into space. Finally, she ‘lands’. There is complete silence. Amelia is lying on a pillow. She looks at the ceiling, dazed. Her breathing is erratic.
1) 0) text: POV under the bed. The doona is lifted. Amelia and Samuel peer underneath. The doona is dropped back into place. Black. Closet doors open, Amelia takes a quick look inside, Samuel checks everywhere. Amelia closes it. Amelia is dark haired and wiry. Pretty, but nervous looking. Samuel's little face is white with anxiety. He moves back and forth from one foot to the other.
1) 2) dialog: (Patient) What did it look like? Samuel shrugs his shoulders. He can’t remember.
1) 3) dialog: Remember what we said? If you can’t see it, then it mustn’t be real.
1) 5) dialog: (Very gentle) It’s just a silly dream.
2) 0) text: Amelia searches through the bookshelf. Samuel clings to her waist, not letting go. Bugsy follows them. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - A SHORT WHILE LATER Amelia sits up in bed, Samuel in her lap, the doona surrounds them like a giant caterpillar. Amelia gives the book everything she’s got, fighting her tiredness.
2) 3) dialog: (Reassuring) I’m sure they did.
2) 5) dialog: (Gentle) Nothing’s going to hurt me Sam.
2) 7) dialog: Time for bed now, OK? It’s very late. Samuel flips the pages straight back to the beginning.
2) 9) dialog: (As bright as she can) A long time ago, just yesterday in fact, there were three little pigs and one nasty big wolf. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - A SHORT WHILE LATER Little legs wrapped tightly around Amelia’s waist. Samuel’s face tucked in behind his mother’s. He’s fast asleep, she’s wide awake. His mouth, chewing at nothing, grinding away. The sound goes right through Amelia. His breath irritates her neck. His hand plays with her ear in his sleep. She peels it away, puts it by his side. She unwraps his legs, making sure she doesn’t wake him. Amelia inches silently away from her son, her back to him. Samuel doesn’t wake up. The gap between them widens. Amelia curls up on the other side of the bed, her knees to her chest, alone.
3) 0) text: Amelia reaches the bottom stairs. Sam's catapult covers his body, comes up over his head. At the top sits a plastic cup with a cricket ball in it. The lounge room is a mess, swords, toy soldiers and other ‘boy war paraphernalia’ everywhere. The big old tube TV has been knocked off its stand and lies on its side. Bugsy is in the midst of it, barking, wagging his tail. Amelia struggles with all her might to hold her temper.
3) 2) dialog: (Reasonable) I don’t want you using the hammer and nails-
3) 4) dialog: Not inside the house Samuel-
3) 6) dialog: Don't! It smashes a perfect hole in one of the windows. Amelia stares at the hole, imploding. Samuel’s face crumples with anxiety. INT. SAMUEL’S ROOM - MORNING Samuel waves his hands in the air. He has his school uniform on finished off by a sparkly magician’s hat. Bugsy is jumping up and down and barking.
3) 7) text: Nothing in my hands. Nothing in my hands. Amelia kneels at Sam's feet trying to do up his laces.
3) 8) dialog: Stand still please.. He does. For three seconds.
3) 9) dialog: I don’t want you making weapons anymore.
3) 11) dialog: (Gentle) This monster thing has got to stop. Alright? Samuel waves his arms about. Bugsy continues to bark.
3) 13) dialog: (Firmer) Samuel? POOF! A beautiful bunch of paper flowers pops into Samuel’s hands, seemingly out of nowhere. Amelia smiles in spite of herself. She takes the paper bouquet. Sam touches her cheek very gently. She softens.
3) 14) dialog: (Closing her eyes) That feels nice. Sam hugs her, she hugs him back. He kisses her cheeks, grips her tighter and tighter. She hides her annoyance.
3) 15) dialog: (Restrained) That’s enough now.. Samuel won’t stop, he hugs her really tight. She recoils.
3) 16) dialog: (Snapping) Don’t do that! Sam stops in his tracks. Amelia immediately looks guilty. 10 11 INT. CAR —- MORNING 10 The car is a junk heap, inside and out. Takeaway coffee cups, lolly wrappers, plastic containers, kid’s socks. Amelia focuses on getting through the traffic. Samuel focuses on the back of his mum’s head.
3) 18) dialog: (Miles away) Kill what?
3) 20) dialog: It certainly wouldn’t make it happy.
3) 22) dialog: That'd probably do it.
3) 24) dialog: Let’s talk about something else, alright? Samuel looks out the window. Amelia keeps her eyes straight ahead. Silence.
4) 1) dialog: Off you go. You’re late already. 12 13 He climbs back over, grabs his bag. It’s really heavy.
4) 2) dialog: What have you got in there?
5) 0) text: Amelia has very upbeat music playing full blast in her car bubble. She sings along without inhibition, happy. She glances down, notices a small cockroach on her leg. She immediately stops singing, sweeps it away in disgust. Then straight back into it, singing her heart out.
6) 0) text: An ancient woman’s sleeping face, her mouth hangs open. Another very old lady, her head in her shaky hand. Cheery music plays in the background. Despite this, the atmosphere is funereal. An elderly man without his teeth in. He watches Amelia as she arrives with a warm smile and two cups of tea.
6) 1) dialog: Here you go Ron. Nice cup of tea. He takes the tea offered, chewing on his gums absently. Amelia moves to the ancient woman, staring into space.
6) 2) dialog: (Speaks lovingly, close to her ear) And one for you Norma, that’s got milk in it.
6) 4) dialog: (Still loving) THAT’S GOT MILK IN IT.
6) 6) dialog: (In her ear) YOU SAID YOU WANTED MILK. 14 15
6) 8) dialog: NOT TO WORRY, I’LL MAKE YOU ANOTHER ONE. Amelia gives the befuddled Norma a friendly smile.
7) 0) text: Amelia focuses on stacking the dishwasher, serious. Robbie, a sweet, slightly chubby (male) nurse enters.
7) 2) dialog: (Responding) ‘Get to work, woman!’ They laugh. Robbie fills a mug with water and drinks it.
7) 3) dialog: Do you want a cuppa?
7) 5) dialog: You've got a few years before you end up there. He laughs. Amelia smiles. Robbie hovers. Amelia stacks the dishwasher, shy. Robbie eventually puts his cup in the dishwasher and leaves. Amelia relaxes slightly when he’s gone.
8) 0) text: Amelia is playing ‘colour shape lotto’ at the games table. One of the old ladies places a card on the board. Pause. Amelia waits very patiently.
8) 1) dialog: (Eventually) That’s it Larry, your go. Pause. He doesn’t put anything down. Pause. 16 17 10. The woman next to him, head in hand, emits a low wailing sound. Amelia politely ignores it.
8) 2) dialog: (To Larry) Same colour or same shape or both. (Beat.) I can help you if you like. The woman’s wail rises in pitch and volume. The players become agitated. Amelia can’t ignore it any longer.
8) 3) dialog: (Very patient) It’s alright Mrs Winter, you don’t have to play. It’s OK. The old woman wails like someone being murdered. Amelia rubs her back tenderly, hiding every ounce of stress.
9) 0) text: Amelia is on her knees with her head inside an empty cupboard. She scrubs as if her life depended on it. Amelia's supervisor Beverly arrives, irritated.
9) 4) dialog: Oh my God. Did he hurt anyone? 11.
9) 6) dialog: (Genuine) I’m so sorry. I had no idea. I’m going to have a serious talk with him-
9) 8) dialog: A monitor?
9) 10) dialog: All the time?
9) 12) dialog: Please. Samuel won’t cope with this. He already feels so different.
9) 14) dialog: (Desperate) I'll have a talk to him-
9) 15) dialog: Mrs Vanek... I'll have a serious talk and I know he’1l settle down.
9) 17) dialog: Sorry? Uncomfortable moment. He treads very carefully.
9) 19) dialog: Oh I see. I’m a single mother so I can’t look after my child, is that right?
9) 21) dialog: Samuel doesn’t need a full time monitor, he needs some understanding!
9) 23) dialog: (Frustrated) I’m just saying he needs more care at the moment, that’s all!
9) 25) dialog: You know what? I think it’s best I just look for another school.
9) 27) dialog: You do what you need to do, and I'll find a school that sees my son as a human being, not a problem to be gotten rid of. 18 19 13.
9) 29) dialog: Please stop calling him ‘the boy.’ His name is Samuel.
10) 0) text: Amelia spies Samuel sitting with a 7th grader on a bench at the end of the hall. She can see he’s been crying. His eyes are red and puffy. She approaches, bracing herself.
10) 2) dialog: (Very gentle) We’re going to have a break from school for a little while. Samuel’s face crumbles, his mouth opens wide in a silent scream. Then the wail starts up. It’s devastating. Amelia takes his hand and slowly leads him down the hall. Her look of helplessness says it all. INT. CAR —- AFTERNOON 19
10) 3) dialog: (Trying hard) I’m going to buy you a big tub of ice cream. What would you like?
10) 5) dialog: No she doesn’t. You just need a break. Samuel doesn’t respond, just stares out the window.
10) 6) dialog: (Beat.) We can see Ruby and Aunty Claire at the park today. Would you like that? Samuel looks out the window, not responding.
10) 7) dialog: You can play on that swing you like. For as long as you like. OK? 20 14. He nods, warming up a little.
10) 8) dialog: Don’t tell Aunty Claire what happened. I’‘ll tell her later...
10) 10) dialog: (Smiling) We'll sort something out. Her smiles sticks, but her eyes look worried. INT. SUPERMARKET CHECKOUT —- AFTERNOON 20 Amelia has vagued out. The ‘beep beep’ of the register just white noise in the background. She sees Samuel performing a magic trick for a little girl near the bubble gum dispenser. She pays as quick as she can keeping one eye on her son. The little girl’s mother arrives, looking relieved. Amelia rushes to Samuel at the same time.
10) 13) dialog: No Samuel, don’t bother the lady.
10) 17) dialog: Samuel! (To woman) I’m sorry he just..
11) 0) text: Samuel climbs up onto the swing seat, looks to his mum. Amelia sits on a bench with her younger sister CLAIRE, a ‘young professional’, immaculately groomed. Claire’s 5 YO daughter RUBY plays close to her mum, a total princess. Amelia watches Samuel, massaging her jaw, preoccupied.
11) 2) dialog: (Snapping to) No no I am listening, you lost all these sales. What happened then?
11) 8) dialog: Two thousand dollars later...
11) 10) dialog: (Bright) No, no it’s fine. I just need a good night’s sleep.
11) 12) dialog: (Tentative) I was going to ask you for one favour... I completely forgot there’s a pupil free day tomorrow. Would you be able to look after Samuel for the day?
11) 14) dialog: I can’t get out of work. Claire hesitates for more than a moment. AMELIA (CONT’D) CLAIRE (Bright) That’s OK, I’‘ll  —_........ Don’t be stupid you organize something else. dag. I can just put ona DVD for him or something.
11) 16) dialog: (To Sam) Be careful. (Beat.) What would you like me to do for Wednesday? I can get their birthday cakes, that’s easy.
11) 19) dialog: (Taken aback) Oh... Pause. 17.
11) 21) dialog: That’s OK. We don’t have to come.
11) 23) dialog: I understand. A little girl needs to feel special on her birthday..
11) 25) dialog: You shouldn’t feel bad! (Lying) I’m sure Sam will be OK with it-
11) 28) dialog: (Tense smile) We’1l think of something. Samuel climbs up to the very top. The women don’t notice.
11) 30) dialog: I don’t want you to feel awful Claire. We'll be fine. We’ll be absolutely fine.
11) 33) dialog: 
12) 0) text: Amelia grips the wheel. Samuel in the background, crying. Amelia makes a conscious effort to not react. Her jaw tightens as her son’s cries get louder and louder. EXT. AMELIA’S FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON 23 Samuel trudges up the path to their crumbling, falling down old terrace. His face is tear stained. Amelia stops at the letter box. A bunch of bills, one has FINAL NOTICE written on the outside. She throws them in her bag without opening them. Mrs Roach, a sweet elderly neighbour, waters her azaleas. Her hands shake with Parkinsons disease.
12) 5) dialog: (Cheery, covering) He’s had a big day that’s all, he’s just exhausted.
12) 7) dialog: Nothing that 5 years of sleep wouldn’t fix! (Upbeat.) No, I’m fine, work's pretty busy.. (Changing the subject) I’1l take out the rubbish for you Gracie.
12) 9) dialog: No no, I’1l1 do it now and then it’s done. EXT. FRONT OF MRS ROACH’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 24 Amelia drags out two very full and heavy OTTO bins. Mrs Roach watches, smiling, her hand shakes at her side.
13) 0) text: Amelia sees Bugsy scratching at the basement door. She freezes, watching him. Bugsy spots Amelia and scurries to her. She picks him up. Amelia looks at the door, her face strained. Pause. In a sudden move she strides over and checks the handle. It's locked. Relieved, she wanders out snuggling Bugsy.
14) 0) text: Dinner in silence. Amelia studies Sam. He shovels food in weakly, his face tired and sad. He looks up to his mum, manages a smile. She smiles back. It fades as soon as he looks away, replaced with worry. 27 20.
15) 0) text: POV under the bed. The doona comes up, Amelia and Samuel’s faces peering underneath. Black. Closet POV as the doors open. Amelia and Samuel do their nightly routine check for monsters.
15) 1) dialog: (Bright) OK? Samuel nods, but looks nervous. He has his pyjamas on, his hair is washed and combed to the side. Very cute.
15) 2) dialog: You can choose one tonight. Anything you like. He races to the bookshelf, searching through many books. One catches his eye. The spine reads MISTER BABADOOK in bold, black letters. He pulls it out, runs to mum. She takes a look at the cover: a black silhouette of a figure in a coat and top hat. It looks a little strange.
15) 3) dialog: (Bemused) Where’d you get this?
15) 5) dialog: (Reads) ‘If it’s in a word, or it’s ina look, you can't get rid of The Babadook.' It’s a pop up book. Looks like it could even be hand made. Amelia turns the page. A pair of black eyes peep out from behind a door, a tall black top hat perched on top. It looks funny.
15) 6) dialog: ‘If you're a really clever one, and you know what it is to see... Then you can make friends with a special one, a friend of you and me.’ Amelia pulls a lever, a black gloved hand pops out from behind the door, waving hello. Samuel’s face lights up. 21.
15) 7) dialog: ‘His name is Mister Babadook. And this is his book.’ The book is beautifully done, but somehow creepy.
15) 8) dialog: We might read another one tonight, hey?
15) 10) dialog: A rumbling sound, then 3 sharp knocks. ‘ba BA-ba DOOK! DOOK! DOOK!' That's when you'll know that he's around, you'll see him if you look. Amelia pulls a lever. The words Ba BA-ba DOOK! DOOK! DOOK! pop up. Samuel quickly turns the page. Mr Babadook in his full form. A black top hat, a long black coat, pointy black gloves. The face is a mask, staring eyes, mouth smiling widely, more like a scream.
15) 11) dialog: (Wary) This is what he wears on top. He's funny, don't you think? Creepy more like it. Amelia turns the page, very wary.
15) 12) dialog: ‘See him in your room at night (reads to herself) and you won't sleep a wink.’ Mister Babadook falls from the ceiling towards the boy. The speech bubble reads ‘LET ME IN!’ The boy screams. The image is very disturbing. Samuel is instantly frightened. Amelia hides the book from Sam, skimming it for herself, concerned. He struggles with her, trying to see it.
16) 0) text: Amelia patiently reads another story to Samuel who has his arms wrapped around her waist, howling with fear. - A while later. Amelia lies on her side, staring blankly at the large teak wardrobe opposite Sam’s bed. The doors are shut. Moonlight plays across it, making it look almost alive. Samuel is finally asleep. He scrunches her ear in his sleep. She lets him do it, too exhausted to resist. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 29 Amelia opens the Babadook book. The Babadook drops from the ceiling, the speech bubble ‘LET ME IN’ pops up. She flips the page. The silhouette of the Babadook raising its ‘wings.’ ‘And once you see what's underneath’ She turns the page. ‘YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU WERE DEAD.' She hurriedly turns to the next page. It’s blank. Then the page after and the one after that, all blank. She searches for publishing markings. There aren’t any. - Later. Amelia stands on a stool reaching up to top of her wardrobe, book in hand. She shoves the book back as far as it will go, out of the reach of little hands. 30 31 32 23.
17) 0) text: The TV flickers, lighting up a dreary room. Amelia stares at it, comatose. The rest of the house is in darkness. Bugsy is curled up in Amelia’s lap. There’s a large empty chip packet beside her. She’s now onto the chocolate. On the TV: a sexy young girl in a low cut dress nibbles some chocolate. A handsome, muscly young guy watches her. Amelia nibbles her chocolate, vagued out. She flicks the channel. An ad for phone porn, young girls with their private parts covered by ‘stars.’ She changes it quickly, this time resting on a love scene from an old black and white Hollywood movie. Amelia opens and closes her jaw, massaging the hinge joint, a longing in her eyes as the lovers kiss. She turns it off, plunging the room into eerie darkness.
18) 0) text: The old house is completely dark. The stairs creak as Amelia climbs them. She closes the door on Bugsy. He hangs around outside. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/SAMUEL’S ROOM - LATE NIGHT 32 - Amelia's room. A sewing basket in Amelia’s hands. She takes off a top layer of fabric, then a layer of thread. Finally she pulls out a vibrator hiding underneath. She takes a look at the door then jumps into bed. The room is dark, just a sliver of light through the windows. Amelia reaches under the doona, wriggling around. She throws her undies on the floor, determination on her face. A hum begins, she closes her eyes. - Samuel’s room. He’s having a nightmare, breathing fast. His eyes open suddenly. He peeks out over the doona. The doors of the wardrobe opposite are wide open, a yawning blackness inside. Samuel cranes his neck to peer in, terrified. He throws himself back under the covers, disappearing completely. 24. - Amelia's room. Amelia’s flushed face pops out from under the covers, trying to bring on arousal, almost forcing it. The room seems alive, shadows threaten. - Samuel's room. Samuel’s pulls a slingshot and some metal pellets from under his mattress. He sits up, loads the weapon, then aims it at the wardrobe, not breathing. - Amelia's room. Amelia is about to orgasm, a pained look on her face. She holds off for as long as she can. Her door creaks opens, but she doesn’t see. A creepy shadow drops to the floor and disappears. Her breathing is very deep, she’s almost there.. The shadow jumps up on the bed. Amelia yells in fright. It's Samuel. Amelia turns off the vibrator, flings it under the bed. Bugsy runs and jumps on the bed too.
18) 1) dialog: (Flushed, confused) What!
18) 3) dialog: What??
18) 5) dialog: Oh no no no. This is not going to happen!
18) 7) dialog: Sam, a book is a book. It can’t hurt you. Samuel looks sheepish.
18) 8) dialog: You’ve had a huge day, you’re exhausted. She grabs the doona and throws it over the both of them, hugging Samuel to her, stiffly. She pats him on the back. Initially he struggles, but slowly, slowly calms down. 33 34 25. Finally, silence. He rolls over to look at his mum.
18) 10) dialog: Nothing bad’s going to happen to me Sam.
19) 0) text: The kitchen is dark and empty. Mess everywhere. The lounge room is empty too, it feels spooky. Not a soul in the hall. The old house is entirely still. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - DEAD OF NIGHT/MORNING 34 Amelia sits up in bed, unable to sleep. She’s reading ‘The Artist’s Way’, her eyes hanging out of her head. Samuel is curled up beside her, fast asleep. She hears a distant sound, like someone running around downstairs. The noise concerns her. She listens for more. Dead silence. Eventually, she returns to her book. Another sound downstairs, a bit louder this time. Amelia waits to hear more. Troubled. Nothing. She shuts her book, and pulls the doona over her head, over Samuel’s too, a little unnerved. Amelia studies her son’s sleeping face under the covers, trying to gain some comfort from it. The image of her face ‘speeds up’ as she drifts off to sleep, it twitches and moves in fast motion as she sleeps her way through the fastest night ever. She opens her eyes, still under the doona.
20) 0) text: Amelia juggles her bag, her keys, Samuel’s things and talks on the mobile all at once.
20) 1) dialog: He’s not running a fever anymore... My sister’s going to take him. Samuel sneaks past with his catapult. Amelia catches him.
20) 2) dialog: (Covering the phone) Put it back. Samuel kicks up a fuss.
20) 3) dialog: Put it back or it’s going in the bin. Samuel’s shoulders slump, he takes it back inside.
20) 4) dialog: (Back to the phone) I’m sorry I couldn’t get to the phone, he was throwing up.... No worries, see you very soon. She hangs up.
20) 5) dialog: No monster talk at Aunty Claire’s alright? Samuel sulks, walking down the path, ignoring her. She runs after him and grabs him.
20) 6) dialog: Samuel. No Babadook, no nothing. Alright? Samuel gives her a nod. She wins. EXT. OUTSIDE CLAIRE’S HOUSE - MORNING 36 Amelia carts Samuel’s things up the long driveway. She spots Claire waiting out the front of her semi-mansion. 27.
20) 8) dialog: Sorry. Samuel runs up behind her.
20) 11) dialog: That’s not true!
20) 14) dialog: (Low voice) I didn’t want to talk about it in front of the kids.
20) 16) dialog: I just can’t deal with it this morning. Please, I never ask you to look after him- Samuel is showing Ruby some DVDs he has and is making explosion noises near her face. She flinches.
20) 18) dialog: Thanks so much for this. I’ll be back at three on the dot.
21) 0) text: Amelia has a microphone in one hand and a plastic bucket with bingo numbers in the other. She looks frazzled. 38 28. The oldies are scattered on various tables. Most aren’t listening, a few are asleep, some have their numbers out. Upbeat musak plays in the background.
21) 1) dialog: Aaaannd, it’s number eleven! Who has number 11? Legs eleven? No one responds.
21) 2) dialog: OK, let’s try another one... She reaches in.
21) 3) dialog: 88? Number 88? Two fat ladies? After a long time one dedicated player holds up her hand.
21) 4) dialog: Good Elsie. Another few days and someone should be able to call ‘bingo.’ No one gets the joke. She reaches for another number.
21) 5) dialog: Number 69? Not too much of that going on in here... No one claims the number. Amelia pulls out another one.
21) 6) dialog: The next number is 5 billion. Anyone got that? How about 75 gazillion, anyone got that one? Some of the sharper members of the crowd look confused. Beverly pokes her head around the corner. She gives Amelia a disapproving look. Amelia shuts up immediately. The musak keeps going.
22) 0) text: Amelia has her head in her hand, her eyes closed. Robbie enters. She springs out of her contemplation.
22) 2) dialog: (Bright as she can) Yeah yeah, I’m fine. So how, how are you?
22) 4) dialog: I am a bit stressed at the moment.
22) 6) dialog: You'd do that? (Beat) You can have my pay-
22) 8) dialog: (Smiling) You're so sweet Robbie. He gives her a friendly touch on the shoulder, then drops his arm, but stays close. Amelia shifts in her seat. Robbie touches her hand. Amelia pulls it away like she’s touched a burning stove. They’re both embarrassed.
22) 9) dialog: Sorry-
22) 11) dialog: No, no, you’re not an idiot. Not at all..
22) 13) dialog: (Tense) Yeah sure. I’ve got a bit on my plate at the moment, but we could have a cuppa sometime or-
22) 15) dialog: Yeah. Or go out. Maybe later, sometime. 39 40 4l 30.
22) 18) dialog: I will...
23) 0) text: - Amelia wanders aimlessly looking at the life teeming around her. A comforting distraction. - Amelia sits on a bench eating an ice cream. She notices an adorable baby girl at the end of the bench sitting on her mum’s lap. The mum tickles the little girl’s tummy. She bursts into peals of laughter. Amelia connects with the mother, they share a warm smile. The mother focuses back on her child. Amelia’s smile drops slowly, sadness replacing it.
24) 0) text: Amelia gets into her car. She sees a man and a woman kissing in their car, opposite her. She doesn’t want to look, but the passion of their embrace draws her in. The man whispers in the woman’s ear. She laughs, kissing him softly, then deeply, open mouthed. Amelia watches, yearning, immeasurably sad. The couple break apart. They happen to look her way. Amelia looks down, not wanting to be seen. She rummages through her bag, happens to look at her mobile. 10 missed calls. She checks the sender. It’s her sister. EXT. OUTSIDE CLAIRE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 4l Amelia arrives to a ‘scene’. Ruby is bawling, clinging to her mother. Samuel is curled up in a ball on the lawn, stressed and frightened. Claire’s face is a hard mask. 31.
24) 2) dialog: (Bracing herself) What happened?
24) 5) dialog: I’m so sorry.
24) 7) dialog: (Quietly) If you don’t want him here for Ruby’s party I understand.
24) 10) dialog: Don’t talk to Aunty Claire like that! She strides over. He puts his hands in his pockets, grabs something and throws it at the cement in front of her. It explodes with a bang. The women are stunned.
25) 0) text: Amelia grips the wheel, tense. Her eyes flick between traffic and son in the back seat.
25) 1) dialog: Where did you get those firecrackers? 43 32.
25) 3) dialog: Well that’s the end of the Internet. Samuel sighs. Amelia tries a much gentler approach.
25) 4) dialog: (Reasoning) If you keep talking to things that aren’t real, Aunty Claire won’t want you to come over anymore. (Beat.) Samuel? No answer. Just stubborn silence.
25) 5) dialog: If the Babadook was real, we'd see it right now, wouldn’t we?
25) 7) dialog: Well I’m not scared.
25) 10) dialog: (Suddenly) I’ve decided you’re not having your birthday with Ruby this week. No cake, no games, that’s the end of it. Samuel is crushed. Amelia keeps her eyes on the road, grips the steering wheel, her knuckles turning white.
26) 0) text: - Kitchen. A pot of soup boils away on the stove. Amelia stirs, focusing on the task. She looks up, and can just see Mrs Roach sitting in her lounge opposite, watching TV. The sight comforts her. She smiles, relaxes. - Basement. Samuel’s sparkly gloves clapping together. Stuffed toys all lined up in a row. At the end of the line, a photo of Amelia with her husband, OSKAR. They have their arms around each other, smiling. 44 33.
26) 6) dialog: 
27) 0) text: Amelia's face looks tight and strange. Samuel is nervous, he jigs around on the spot. She searches his pocket, he pulls away from her. She tries the other one, pulls out a key. He’s very ashamed.
27) 1) dialog: How did you get this?? 34.
27) 3) dialog: All your father’s things are down there.
27) 9) dialog: (Suppressed anger) No, he’s not actually. The truth is, he’s so disobedient he can’t go to school anymore.
27) 11) dialog: How many 6 year old boys do you know Robbie who still believe in monsters?
27) 14) dialog: No, I don’t. Thanks anyway. Thanks for the presents. Robbie just stands there, looking at her, awkward.
27) 15) dialog: (Flustered) I wasn’t expecting anyone over. The house is a mess.
27) 17) dialog: (Snapping) I care! (Beat.) Please, can you just go?
27) 20) dialog: Please go! Robbie leaves, embarrassed. Amelia shuts the door, completely ashamed of herself. She looks up and sees the door to the basement wide open. She walks to it. Samuel has left the light on down there. After a time, she forces herself down those stairs.
28) 0) text: Amelia finds the crowded space in chaos. Samuel has pulled out all his father’s things, a desperate attempt to connect. The sight of it all puts Amelia into a spin. She races around randomly stuffing things back in boxes. She clocks the photo of her and Oskar, walks over, picks it up, puts it in her pocket, unable to even look at it. She turns and what she sees makes her jump with fright. Samuel has fixed a hat, shirt and trousers to the wall, using his father’s things to replicate a person. A pair of shoes rest under each trouser leg. Oskar’s violin is out of its case, propped up against the wall, as if the shirt arm were holding it. Amelia's fright subsides overtaken by a terrible remorse that hits her right in the guts. Tears well in her eyes. 46 47 36.
29) 0) text: Amelia hears Samuel playing on a kid sized electric piano. It’s good, definitely music, not just noise. She enters the room, he stops playing immediately.
29) 1) dialog: That was really good. Samuel is mute. She walks to the bed, sits next to him.
29) 2) dialog: (Reaching out) Your dad could play like that. He only had to hear something once.
29) 4) dialog: (Forcing herself) You can have your own birthday party this year if you want.. Sam shrugs.
29) 5) dialog: I’ve made some yummy soup. Real, not out of a can. (Nothing.) And after dinner we can play Monopoly, OK? She smooths his hair gently. He doesn’t shrug her off.
29) 6) dialog: 
30) 1) dialog: Don’t eat it. Samuel stops. She sifts through her soup. Another shard. She tests his soup. No glass. She looks through hers and sees more pieces. Samuel looks panicked.
30) 2) dialog: Did you put glass in my soup? 48 49 37.
30) 5) dialog: (Unnerved) You go and watch a DVD, I’1l make something else. He looks like he’s about to jump out of his skin.
30) 6) dialog: (Firm) Just go watch a DVD Samuel.
31) 0) text: Amelia fries some sausages. The TV is loud. She goes in to have a look. Samuel watches a magician DVD for kids, his back to her.
31) 2) dialog: Do you think this is FUNNY! Samuel’s face drops. He runs straight for his catapult. Amelia intercepts, trying to grab it from him. He wrenches it back off her, a genuine struggle. She bends down to reason with him. He takes the chance to slap her hard across the face, then shoves her so forcefully she falls on her back.
32) 0) text: Amelia throws the book down the stairs, pages flying.
33) 0) text: - Samuel lies in a foetal position and sucks his thumb as Amelia pats his back, singing him a lullaby. Her voice trembles as she sings it. Samuel stares into space. 54 55 56 40.
34) 0) text: Amelia is in the bath, her knees up to her chest, crying her heart out. She takes a deep breath, trying to calm herself. It doesn’t work. She breaks out into fresh sobs, completely alone.
34) 5) dialog: Go on, off you go... Amelia's aware she’s being watched by the mothers. Samuel won't let go of her neck, burying his face in her chest.
34) 6) dialog: (Laughing nervously) He’s just tired.. She peels his arms away. Samuel frets, starting to cry. The mothers give each other surreptitious looks. Amelia pulls Samuel to her by both wrists.
34) 7) dialog: (Measured) Go-and-play-right-now. Sam leaves, half crying, half whining, looking at his mum all the way. She tries to pretend nothing’s happening. MOTHER 3 gives Claire a look. Claire rolls her eyes then looks to Amelia who is staring right at her. Claire looks away, caught out. Amelia is hurt and humiliated. Uncomfortable silence.
34) 9) dialog: (Nervous) Oh! Not so much anymore... 42.
34) 11) dialog: (Awkward) I wrote articles for magazines. Some kids stuff but that was really just.. I’ve written a novel...
34) 13) dialog: (Embarrassed) It hasn’t been published.
34) 22) dialog: (Blurting it out) That’s a real tragedy. 58 43. The mothers all look at Amelia, taken aback. She stares at Mother 1, her contempt obvious.
34) 23) dialog: Not having time to go to the gym. How do you cope? Pause.
34) 24) dialog: You must have a lot to talk about with those poor disadvantaged women. Horrible silence. Claire gives her sister a death stare. Amelia looks away, defiant, refusing to meet her gaze. EXT. TREE HOUSE/CLAIRE’S BACKYARD (INTERCUT) - DAY 58 The large backyard is decked out with swings and a tree house. A clown entertains the kids with a lame trick. - Tree house. Ruby climbs up to find Sam hiding there.
34) 29) dialog: I can stay after and help you clean up.
34) 36) dialog: I never say anything bad to you or anyone. I say one thing and I’m an evil bitch.
34) 38) dialog: She was so condescending! ‘I work with disadvantaged women', give me a break!
34) 40) dialog: Those women look down on me.
34) 42) dialog: They feel sorry for me Claire! There’s a big difference! - Tree house.
34) 48) dialog: Oh? What?
34) 50) dialog: That’s not true.
34) 52) dialog: I have moved on! I don’t mention him, I don’t talk about him. What strain is it on you Claire? I listen... I listen to your life, day in day out and you don’t stop to ask me anything about mine!
34) 54) dialog: Only if everything's fine! - Tree house.
34) 60) dialog: You don’t come round to our house anymore.
34) 63) dialog: I can’t believe you just said that.
34) 71) dialog: 
35) 0) text: Amelia drives fast, stuffing her emotions down. 60 48. A large cockroach appears on her bare leg. She violently sweeps it away. It goes flying into the mess at her feet.
35) 2) dialog: There is no BABADOOK! Samuel’s anguish rising to fever pitch. He screams and cries, kicking the seat over and over.
35) 3) dialog: 
35) 6) dialog: (Frightened) Samuel, stop it now...
35) 8) dialog: (To the onlookers) Please help! There's something wrong with my child!
36) 3) dialog: Yes, I know what they are, I’m a nurse.
36) 5) dialog: I’ve never seen anything like that..
36) 7) dialog: That’s an understatement.. The doctor stops to look at Amelia, slightly irritated.
36) 9) dialog: Not like this. And it’s getting worse.
36) 11) dialog: Of course he needs to see someone. But can I just get something now to make him sleep? Just until I get an appointment. The doctor hesitates.
36) 12) dialog: Please. I haven’t slept in weeks. Neither has Samuel. When we go home tonight the whole nightmare will start up again and I‘m-not-coping.. He seriously studies Amelia, sizing her up.
36) 14) dialog: It’s really bad. He opens his pad and writes out the script.
37) 0) text: Amelia has a glass of water and the pills at hand. Samuel sits up, worried, looking at the pills.
37) 2) dialog: I’m sure everything will be alright. These will help for now.
37) 4) dialog: Why do you say that?
37) 6) dialog: Sometimes people say things that aren’t true. Samuel doesn’t look convinced.
37) 7) dialog: You just need to take your medicine, have a big sleep and not worry. Samuel is suddenly very anxious. He clings to Amelia. She tries not to tense up at his touch.
37) 9) dialog: I’m not going to die for a long time yet.
37) 11) dialog: You need to take these pills so you can go to sleep. (Bright) I’ve got the day off tomorrow. Maybe we can do something.
37) 13) dialog: I think so. But you have to promise you won't mention it again. He takes the pills in hand, looks at her seriously.
37) 15) dialog: Of course I will. 63 64 52.
37) 17) dialog: I promise to protect you. (About the pills) Come on. He takes them, she gives him the water, he drinks it.
37) 19) dialog: Yes.
37) 21) dialog: (Tight) Me too. Samuel’s face drops with her response. Amelia tucks him into bed. He doesn’t look at her, infinitely sad. Amelia stands and looks at Samuel’s back, a guilty sadness crosses her face. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - NIGHT/MORNING 63 Amelia sits on her bed, heavy with exhaustion. Her face seen from above as she falls onto the pillow in slow motion. The pillow seems miles away. A lullaby plays on violin. Her face relaxes, her eyes close. Finally she lands on the pillow, surrendering to deep sleep. A soft, unearthly light plays on her face. After several blissful moments, the lullaby ends. Amelia opens her eyes and looks over at the clock. llam. She drifts up to sitting. It’s quiet and calm in the room and outside. She stands, her face is tranquil, dreamy. INT. SAMUEL’S ROOM - MORNING 64 Amelia sees Samuel lying on his bed with his back to her, completely still. She drifts towards him. His eyes are closed, his face perfect, like a doll’s. 65 66 53. She leans in to check he’s breathing. He is.
38) 0) text: Amelia shuffles down the hallway, yawning, content. Three knocks on the front door. She covers over her dressing gown, smooths down her hair and moves to the door, opening it. There’s no one there. She peers out onto the street. Not a soul. It’s very quiet, strangely so. She stands there a moment, puzzled, then closes the door. Amelia’s almost at the end of the hall when it happens again. Three loud, sharp knocks. She turns, strides to the front door, opens it. Sitting on the welcome mat is the book of ‘MISTER BABADOOK.' Its pieces all glued back together. The blood drains from Amelia’s face. She bends down to pick it up. She looks on the street for any sign of life. Nothing. Amelia runs inside with the book firmly in her grasp.
39) 0) text: Amelia flips through the book, becoming more frightened as she goes. She finds a new page with large angry words. ‘I'11 WAGER with YOU, I'LL MAKE you a BET. THE MORE you DENY, the STRONGER I GET.’ She flips the page. The boy in the bed has been replaced by a screaming woman. She looks like Amelia. The Babadook drops down over her, the words ‘LET ME IN’ flying out of its mouth. Amelia flips the page. The woman stands with arms outstretched. The Babadook’s shadow rises behind her. ‘You start to CHANGE when I get in, the BABADOOK growing right UNDER YOUR SKIN.' Amelia's hands shake as she fumbles for the next page.
40) 0) text: Petrol splashes out of a can. A pair of hands throw a lit match into the barbeque where the ripped up book now lies. It ignites quickly. Amelia stands back as the flames rise, watching it burn. She sees Samuel at the back door, trying to wake up. She shoots him a tense smile. He looks concerned. INT. AMELIA’S HALLWAY/CLAIRE’S HOUSE - MORNING 68 Amelia is on the phone to Claire.
40) 2) dialog: I‘ll pay for everything.
40) 5) dialog: (Blurts it out) Claire, I think someone is stalking me and Samuel. 69 55.
40) 7) dialog: A book turned up at our house.
40) 9) dialog: I threw it away. But someone glued it back together and put it on our doorstep.
40) 11) dialog: I don’t expect you to help, I just-
40) 13) dialog: (Picking up) Claire? There is a silence on the other end.
40) 14) dialog: (Growing tense) Hello? Finally, a noise on the other end, but not a human one. ‘Babababababa dook-dook-dook’' The sound rips through Amelia. She slams down the phone. EXT. OUTSIDE MRS ROACH’S HOUSE - DAY 69 A door opens. Amelia waits there, a vulnerable smile. Samuel is beside her, sitting on the doorstep.
40) 16) dialog: Hi Gracie. (To Samuel) Up you get Sam. 70 56.
40) 19) dialog: (Explaining) He had a fit yesterday. He’s alright, but we’ve had to medicate him.
40) 21) dialog: Gracie would I be able to leave Samuel with you for an hour or so? I’ve got to do something and he can’t come along.
40) 23) dialog: (Upbeat) I’m fine. I normally wouldn't ask you to look after him-
40) 24) dialog: (Genuine) That’s no problem Claire’s busy. I normally at all- wouldn’t ask for help. Mrs Roach reaches out taking Amelia’s hand.
41) 0) text: Amelia enters, intimidated by the surroundings. There are three policemen on duty, one older sergeant at the front desk, and two in the back who don’t look old enough to be working. They all look bored. Amelia shuffles up to the counter.
41) 1) dialog: Hi. I want to report someone stalking me and my child.
41) 3) dialog: It started this week.
41) 5) dialog: Someone sent me a.. a children’s book. The teenage cops stifle a laugh. Amelia sees it. The Sergeant gives them a quick, stern look.
41) 7) dialog: (Directed at the two in the back) And it contained violent and graphic images of my child and me being murdered. The two in the back instantly stop smiling.
41) 9) dialog: (Sheepish) I burnt it.
41) 11) dialog: Yes.
41) 13) dialog: He’s making phone calls to me as well.
41) 15) dialog: Nothing, he’s just making noises.
41) 17) dialog: Because of what he wrote in the book!
41) 19) dialog: (Defeated) Yes..... She looks past the policemen in the back and sees a coat rack. On the rack hangs a long black coat. Perched right on top of the coat is an old fashioned black top hat. Just like the coat and hat in the book. Amelia looks suddenly frightened. The Sergeant notes it. He looks at her hands on the counter, black from the fire. Amelia retracts them, trying to remain composed. She straightens her hair, the hair she didn’t brush this morning. The Sergeant doesn’t take his eyes from her.
41) 21) dialog: OK, thanks, don’t worry about it. She almost runs out. EXT. OUTSIDE MRS ROACH’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 71 Samuel trudges towards his mum coming down the path.
41) 25) dialog: You don’t have to say everything that comes into your head!
41) 27) dialog: (Snapping) I'd rather not talk about his dad. It’s been seven years! She walks off without a goodbye. Mrs Roach looks after Amelia, concerned by her uncharacteristic response.
42) 0) text: - Amelia passes Samuel lying on the couch, already half asleep. Her tooth is giving her a massive migraine. - Bugsy is in the kitchen, barking nonstop. She tries to move closer to him, he runs straight past her outside. It looks like a bomb’s gone off. Food in the sink, mess everywhere. She pauses for a moment, overwhelmed. Something tickles her arm. It’s a cockroach. She jumps, flicking it off in disgust. It falls to the floor. She notices another one on the floor nearby. Then another. About six or seven of the bastards. They seem to be coming from behind the fridge. Amelia pulls the fridge out from the wall. The wallpaper is torn in one place. A cockroach pops out of it. It disgusts her. She starts to peel back the paper. A hole in the wall. It’s filled with cockroaches. They crawl out, some dropping at her feet. She has to stop from vomiting as she runs for a broom. Samuel appears at the door.
42) 1) dialog: Don’t come in here! - Later. The contents of the fridge have been turfed out onto the benches. It looks even messier than before. Amelia has an old dress on and large rubber gloves. She looks completely dishevelled, manically cleaning. Suddenly, three knocks at the door. Amelia freezes. A pause. The three knocks come again. She creeps past a sleeping Samuel on the couch, towards the front door, her broom as a weapon. 60. Amelia looks through the peephole. Two strangers at the door, a man and a woman. Amelia opens the door. The people look Amelia up and down. The old dress, the gloves, her dishevelled hair.
42) 2) dialog: (Terse) I don’t want to buy anything.
42) 4) dialog: (Suddenly nervous) Yes.
42) 6) dialog: My son has only been away two days.
42) 8) dialog: Bugsy! Sshh! That’s enough. Bugsy runs away when Amelia tries to pick him up.
42) 13) dialog: Not ‘drugs’, tranquillizers. Their concern grows.
42) 14) dialog: (Quickly) From the doctor. He had a fit yesterday. Bugsy barks, Amelia tries to grab him, he runs outside.
42) 17) dialog: Yes, of course. I'll just get you one. Amelia darts into the kitchen. The welfare people follow. They notice a mound of wallpaper on the floor.
42) 18) dialog: It's a real mess, I know. I’ve just found a cockroach infestation. I normally keep the house sprayed, I DID spray it already actually! There’s a big hole in the wall behind the fridge, that’s why I.. Amelia shows them to the area behind the fridge. There’s no hole in the wall, just a mound of wallpaper at their feet. No cockroaches. Amelia is gob smacked. The two welfare people sneak a look at each other. 73 74 62.
42) 19) dialog: I didn’t mean a hole in the wall, there was a hole in the wall paper. They were laying their eggs in there, I think. She smiles, very nervous. They smile back, politely.
43) 0) text: Amelia is washing dishes. She can see Mrs Roach watching TV in her lounge room. She smiles, comforted by the familiar sight. Time stretches. She looks into the soapy water. The splashing sound, the warmth calms her. She pulls out a plate, looks up again. Standing in the shadows, behind Mrs Roach, is the half visible form of the Babadook. The black shadowy coat, the tall top hat, the long black gloves can just be seen. It appears to be looking right at her. Amelia drops the plate into the sink.
43) 3) dialog: Ah... It’s only 6 o'clock. Don’t you want to stay up with your Mum for a while?
43) 5) dialog: (Desperate) If you go to bed now, the pills won't work properly. You have to stay up for a while sweetheart. Samuel sighs. He drags himself onto the couch again.
44) 1) dialog: What about another one?
44) 3) dialog: -.-and lived happily in a beautiful palace for the rest of their days.’ THE END. Samuel is asleep. Amelia stares at the end of her bed, the light of the lamp bleeding into the darkness beyond. The lights flicker. The bedside light buzzes softly, then gets louder. Amelia flicks her arm out and turns it off. 77 64. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - LATER 77 Amelia lies wide awake in bed on her side. Samuel is out to it. She turns over, restless, staring at the ceiling. That sound downstairs again. Only this time, it comes up the stairs and stops outside her door. Amelia freezes. A slight scratching sound at the door. She starts to panic, the scratching gets louder. She hears a whimpering. It’s the dog. She springs out of bed and opens the door, relieved. Bugsy runs in, jumps straight up on the bed, finds a spot near Samuel and settles. Amelia jumps under the covers. Silence. Darkness. Amelia’s eyes flicking, nervous. The scratching starts up again, only this time it can’t be the dog. Amelia stares at the door unable to move. The door clicks and moves open by itself. Amelia watches, her heart in her throat. The rustling, scratching sound moves inside the room. Amelia slips the covers over her head, terrified. She can’t see anything now. The sound appears to be moving closer. After an age, Amelia pulls down the duvet, unable to stand it anymore. She peers into the terrible darkness. Something large and black lurks in one corner on the ceiling. She can’t make out what it is. Time stops. The shadow scuttles quickly across the ceiling. It stops right above her head. Amelia is paralyzed by fear. She hears a rasping sound. The thing appears to be breathing. Her hand reaches for the bedside lamp. Her eyes are fixed on the dreaded shadow right above her head. Before she can get there, the thing drops down right on top of her. She sees its hideous, mask like face millimetres from her own; the black eyes, the mouth wrenched open in a permanent, silent scream. She takes a huge breath, as if breathing the thing in, terrorized. Amelia switches on the lamp, springs out of bed and turns on the overhead light. Bugsy barks. Samuel wakes. There’s nothing there. Samuel sits up, trying to focus. 78 65.
44) 4) dialog: We're going downstairs.
44) 6) dialog: Because we are!
45) 0) text: Amelia turns every lounge light on. She moves to the kitchen, turns the lights on there. Samuel watches, groggy. Bugsy follows Amelia, barking continuously. - Later. All the lights still on. The TV is up loud. Amelia tries desperately to stay awake, absently hitting the remote. Commercials, nature program, soap opera. An old black and white George Méliés clip appears on the screen. Beautiful silent images, childlike but slightly disturbing. Just like the Babadook book. A weird tinkling lullaby accompanies them, seducing her to sleep. She fights it, her head nodding forward and back, a drowsy agitation, desperate to stay awake. The Méliés images stream in front of her. People dismembered, heads growing larger and smaller, old style cinema tricks. Strange and sinister. Emotions pass over Amelia’s face as she watches, agitation, amusement, exhaustion, fear. Something is brewing. She jerks forward and back, her eyes heavy. Her face speeds up. It looks bizarre. The tinkly piano music continues to play. And still she doesn’t sleep. Amelia's face returns to normal speed, she looks around. The sun is coming through the windows. It’s already morning. She leans over. Something doesn’t feel right. She looks to Samuel asleep on the couch, his back to her. Bugsy peers over Samuel, studying Amelia with caution. She returns the dog’s stare, unblinking. There’s an eery silence in the room. She looks at the TV. It’s on mute. Amelia suddenly lurches forward and manages to stand. She centres herself momentarily, then shuffles to the stairs. 66. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - MORNING 79
45) 1) dialog: (Into mobile) Hi Beverly, it’s Amelia. Pause. Amelia looks exhausted and strange.
45) 2) dialog: (Flat) I can’t come in today, I think I’ve caught what my son had... I don’t want to give it to anyone at work... Alright, give all my shifts to someone else, that’s just what I need... I can’t help it if I’m sick, what do you expect me to do?... You do that! She throws the phone on the bedside table, sits down heavily on the bed, her head in her hands. She lies on her side, pulls up the covers, stares at the wall, her eyes zombie like. They eventually close. Silence. And finally, sleep.
45) 8) dialog: Why do you have to talk-talk-talk all the time? Don’t you ever STOP TALKING? Samuel is taken aback by his mother’s tone. 80 67.
45) 10) dialog: 
45) 13) dialog: (Frightening) If you're that hungry, why don’t you go and EAT SHIT! Samuel backs away through the door, genuinely scared. Amelia lies back down, pulling the sheets over her. After a moment, she realizes with absolute shame what she’s just done. It rattles her.
46) 0) text: Amelia arrives at the door, sheepish. She sees Samuel on his bed, head down. He tries desperately not to cry. His body tenses as she comes near, he’s scared of her.
46) 1) dialog: I’m so sorry. I don’t know why I said that. That was terrible. Samuel doesn’t look at her. He starts to cry. It’s heart wrenching, Amelia feels it.
46) 2) dialog: It's just... I’ve had absolutely no sleep... I didn’t know what I was saying. Samuel tries to stop crying, he can’t.
46) 3) dialog: I'll cook you something. What would you like? You can have anything at all.
46) 5) dialog: (Ashamed) I can understand you being upset. I would be if I were you.. 81 82 68. Amelia searches for the right words to placate him.
46) 6) dialog: We need to get out of this house... Would you like to go to McDonalds?
46) 8) dialog: Once in a while doesn’t hurt. Samuel calms down a little.
46) 9) dialog: You can have whatever you want, alright? Even ice cream for breakfast if you want. A long pause as Samuel calms down, thinks about it.
47) 0) text: Kid's party. The place is packed with screaming children. Amelia looks around at the tacky decor. The sounds and sights are irritating, loud and bright. Samuel sits in front of a large Happy Meal, dark circles under his eyes. He chomps away on his french fries. Amelia gives him a warm smile. He manages one back. Things are better, the power of junk food has worked. A stabbing pain in her jaw. Amelia winces. She reaches inside her mouth and feels her back molar. She massages her jaw, searching for relief.
48) 2) dialog: (Wired) I just wanna drive for a while.. Amelia feels an itch on her leg. She looks down. Her leg is covered in cockroaches. She recoils, desperately flicking them away. The car swerves, Samuel panics. Amelia looks in the rear vision mirror. 83 84 69. A shadowy shape jumps onto the boot then the roof. She can hear it, pounding like mad, a terrible sound. She swerves all over the road, frightened. Samuel screams. Amelia accidentally accelerates, heading straight towards another car. A screeching of tyres, a sickening sound. Amelia is frozen at the wheel, shell shocked. Samuel is crying. It’s a miracle they’re not hurt. A young corporate guy gets out of the other car, a brand new Audi. He inspects the damage, then runs to Amelia.
49) 0) text: Amelia has a warm bath running and is sitting in it, fully clothed. She holds her knees to her chest, trembling, trying to calm herself down. She looks awful. Samuel stands by, worried. 85 86 70.
49) 3) dialog: (Quiet) Aunty Claire doesn’t want to talk to us anymore. Beat. Amelia gets up and grabs hold of Samuel gently. She puts him into the bath, shirt, shorts, socks and all.
49) 4) dialog: (Soothing) It’s nice and warm in here.. Samuel sits opposite his mum, very concerned. Long pause.
49) 6) dialog: (Strangely calm) I’m not going anywhere. They sit opposite each other, in silence.
50) 0) text: Amelia comes out of the basement, clutching the violin. She clocks Samuel in the lounge and walks right past him without acknowledgement. Sam is shocked. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - EVENING 86 Amelia lies down, calmed by the violin tight in her arms. Sam follows, climbing on the bed to stroke her forehead. She relaxes and closes her eyes, letting him comfort her. A tender moment between them as Samuel smooths his mum’s hair, suddenly the parent.
50) 2) dialog: We can’t trouble other people. 87 88 89 71.
50) 4) dialog: I don’t want you to call anyone. I just need to sleep... Sam strokes Amelia’s cheek. She relaxes, letting him in. He accidentally knocks the violin with his knee.
50) 5) dialog: (Suddenly vicious) Leave it! Sam backs away, sitting on an easy chair in the corner. Amelia watches him there from the bed. Her eyelids open and close, she gives in to sleep, shutting out her son. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - EVENING 87 A short while later. The last rays of light are dying in the room, they play on the curtains, shadows form. Creepy. Amelia's sleeping face. Whispering voices, barely audible, envelop her. They sound demonic. Her face contorts from a nightmare. The whispers intensify. Amelia's eyes snap open. The whispers stop altogether. She sits up. Is she hearing things? She searches the near dark room. Eerie silence. Samuel is nowhere to be found.
51) 0) text: Light is fading fast in the house. Amelia descends the stairs, straining to see. The whispers start up again, taunting her. She stops dead in her tracks and the sounds stop. She stumbles on, her face dark and troubled.
52) 0) text: Amelia stands in the dark lounge room. The whispers return, only louder this time, more threatening. She can’t tell where they’re coming from. It infuriates her. 72. She races into the kitchen, turns on the light, and rounds the bench. She sees Samuel in his armour, whispering to someone on her mobile phone. He almost jumps out of his skin. She rips the mobile out of his hand and looks at the screen, livid. Mrs Roach’s name flashes up. She tries to contain her fury as she prepares to talk.
52) 1) dialog: (Calm as possible) Gracie. I am so sorry.
52) 3) dialog: No. We're fine. Samuel’s just being very disobedient. Again.
52) 5) dialog: I’m really sorry. I told him not to bother anyone.
52) 7) dialog: (Very nice) No, we're fine. I have a small headache, that’s all. I’ve got to go now though. I’m sorry for troubling you..... Yes, talk soon. She hangs up, deadly silent, glaring at Sam. He looks white as a sheet.
52) 8) dialog: (Tight) I told you not to call anyone and you deliberately disobeyed me. Samuel lowers his head, anxious and scared.
52) 9) dialog: Do you want to frighten Mrs Roach? An old lady who can hardly walk? Do you want to make her sick? Sam is too scared to talk. This inflames Amelia more. 90 73.
52) 10) dialog: (Exploding) Take that bloody thing off! He takes the catapult off quick smart. Amelia takes out her phone battery, chucks it in the bin, only half aware of what she’s doing.
52) 11) dialog: (Beside herself) Is this the only way I can trust you won’t embarrass me in front of the neighbours? She grabs something from the kitchen: a large knife. Samuel is freaked out by the sight.
52) 12) dialog: Is this what I have to do? She cuts the cord to the land line, shaking with anger.
52) 14) dialog: (Stopping dead) What did you say? Amelia’s energy darkens. Samuel’s fear increases.
52) 17) dialog: I‘1l make sure we don’t let anything in, alright Samuel? Nothing is coming in here tonight. (Screaming) NOTHING! She charges off to the front door, opens it, locks the security grill, slams the front door with a vengeance. INT. HOUSE/SAMUEL’S BEDROOM - NIGHT (INTERCUT) 90 - Amelia locks the doors and windows, her face a mixture of rage and fear. She can’t stop herself, slamming and locking every door, every window in the house. Bugsy follows her, barking incessantly. She kicks him out of the way, completely agitated, driven. 91 92 74. - Samuel unlocks a case under his bed, pulling out hidden weapons. He listens to Amelia banging around downstairs. - Amelia has locked up the entire house. In one last impulsive move, she throws all her keys out a barred, backyard window. Her rage has worn itself out. Now, she just looks frightened.
53) 0) text: Amelia and Samuel sit on his bed. Amelia tries her best to be nice. The intense pain in her jaw and head make it tough. She has the water and pills. Sam is on edge, unwilling to take his medicine.
53) 2) dialog: (Civil) If you don’t take the pills you'll feel worse.
53) 4) dialog: Come on Samuel.
53) 6) dialog: (Suddenly threatening) I am the parent and you are the child. So take-the-pills. Samuel takes the pills from her. He raises his arm. The pills drop down discreetly into his shirt sleeve as he brings his hand to his mouth. A perfect sleight of hand that Amelia doesn’t see. He takes a swig of water. She opens his mouth, checks he’s taken them.
53) 7) dialog: Good boy.
54) 0) text: Hysterical sound effects from a cartoon on the TV. Amelia is dozing. She jolts awake and looks over to the couch. 93 94 95 75. Samuel lies there on his back. His throat is cut. There are multiple stab wounds to his body. His dead eyes stare up at the ceiling, his face and body soaked in blood. Amelia rushes over to him. She tries to scream, but nothing comes out, her face a horrible mask of fear.
55) 0) text: Amelia throws the knife in the drawer and slams it shut. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - NIGHT 94 Amelia sits on her bed, tears roll down her face. Bugsy appears at the door. The sight of him comforts her.
55) 1) dialog: (Shaky) Come on sweetheart. Come here. He stays at the door. Amelia goes to him very gently. He puts his ears back but lets himself be picked up. She strokes him tenderly, her fear dissipates. They stay there like that for a moment. Bugsy suddenly bites her hand and jumps to the floor. Amelia watches him run away, in shock.
56) 0) text: TV still on. Amelia brings two bowls loaded up with ice cream, marshmallows on top. She’s trying way too hard.
56) 1) dialog: Here we go! 96 76. Samuel looks at the bowls, his face is worried and tense. She places it in front of him, forcing a smile.
56) 2) dialog: There’s more where that came from. Samuel takes a spoonful, tasting it gingerly. Amelia watches him eat, tense as hell. A sudden, stabbing pain in her tooth, her hand flies up to her jaw. It’s getting worse. She massages, fear and pain in her eyes.
57) 0) text: Mother and son steal glances at each other. The TV blares over the top of their silence. Samuel’s eyelids become heavy as he struggles with, then succumbs to sleep. Bugsy guards Samuel, watches Amelia. Amelia channel surfs manically, not stopping to look at anything. She finally stops on the late night news.
57) 3) dialog: (Whispering) Samuel... Samuel is suddenly beside her. It frightens her. 97 77.
57) 5) dialog: Darling, you’re the one who’s asleep. He stands there for some time, then drifts towards the basement door, eyes still closed.
57) 6) dialog: Don’t go down there.. He opens the door. A light comes on down there. Samuel disappears down the stairs.
57) 7) dialog: (Moving after him) It’s not safe! She stands at the top of the basement stairs watching Sam descend. She’s confused by the light being on down there. It draws her down, into the bowels of the house.
58) 0) text: Amelia arrives to a basement completely clear of clutter. The most beautiful, ethereal light transforms it. Samuel is nowhere to be found. Amelia steps into the light and is calmed by it. Out of the shadows steps the man from the photo. Amelia's husband, Oskar, a handsome man in his forties. Amelia's face drops when she sees him. Her eyes spontaneously fill with tears. She races in to him. They stay like that for a long time, holding each other. Amelia cries in disbelief, her emotions overwhelming her. He kisses her, he’s real. She melts into him, letting go into one exquisite moment.
58) 1) dialog: (Overwhelmed) I thought you were dead..
58) 4) dialog: You mean Samuel..
58) 6) dialog: Stop calling him the boy. Amelia looks down to Oskar’s hands. There’s nothing at the end of his sleeves. She tries to comprehend it. A rumbling sound starts up.
58) 8) dialog: (Terrified) No.... Amelia bolts up those stairs as fast as she can.
59) 0) text: - Amelia enters the lounge room. The lights have returned, flickering on and off. The TV is on static. Amelia watches the overhead light flare up. The bulb smashes. Complete darkness. A hideous silence. Amelia senses something behind her in the kitchen. She turns slowly and is met with her worst nightmare. At the far corner of the kitchen, about 15 metres away, is a hideous silhouette in the darkness. A large black coat, pointy black gloves and a tall black hat. Then she hears it. A terrifying, insect like noise as the thing glides straight towards her. It stops, towering over her. She can’t make out any details, but she can feel it looking at her, suspended in terror. 99 79. She suddenly tears up those stairs, taking two at a time, racing into the first open door she can find. The sound of the thing screeching after her.
60) 0) text: Amelia grabs a chair and pushes it under the doorknob, stumbling backwards towards the fireplace. An awful silence, just the sound of Amelia’s breath. Something falls down the chimney and lands in the hearth right next to her. A black top hat. Amelia goes into a panic attack. She crawls back towards the door, but her movements are slow and tortured. She can hear something huge and hideous travelling up the wall behind her, then onto the ceiling overhead. An insect-like sound fills the room. Amelia can’t bear to look up, lying on her stomach, frozen with terror. Something drops down nearby. A black coat. Amelia starts to hyperventilate. A terrible noise, flesh ripping from flesh. Something drops inches from her face. The ripped off ‘face’ of the Babadook, nothing but a hardened mask. Black sticky blood oozes from its edges, from the holes where the eyes should be, the mouth open in a permanent scream. In spite of her terror, Amelia forces herself to look up to the ceiling for a split second, in disbelief. An huge shadow fills half of the ceiling, a hideous shape with outstretched ‘wings’, like an enormous bat. Amelia immediately looks away. She holds her breath, tensing up, belly to the ground, beyond terror.
60) 1) dialog: (Over and over) It isn’t real it isn’t real it isn’t real it isn’t real.. There is an unbearable screeching sound. POV from high on the ceiling. Something rushes straight down towards Amelia’s back at lightning pace. Amelia's eye in extreme close up. A huge bang, a terrible scraping, ripping sound. Her pupil ‘bleeds’ outwards till the whole eye is completely black. 100 101 102 80.
61) 0) text: The sound of a TV up as loud as it will go. An informercial. Terrible, deafening, meaningless sounds. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 101 Sam hides behind a locked door clutching Bugsy. The TV is deafening even from upstairs. He’s terrified. He unlocks and opens the door a sliver but doesn’t venture out.
62) 0) text: The back of Amelia watching an informercial. Something’s not right with her. She breathes very fast and heavy. Her face is revealed. Her eyes have a dead stare, the pupils like pin pricks. Her limbs are slightly distorted, rigid. She looks human, but there’s something about her that just-isn’t-right. She sits as if resting for a moment in her new skin, her casual stare at odds with her bizarre appearance. She changes channels to ‘Australia’s Next Top Model.’
63) 0) text: - Landing. Samuel opens the door a sliver. Bugsy jumps from his arms and races down the stairs. Sam is beside himself, trying to call the dog back. - Bugsy arrives in the loungeroom, bravely facing his opponent. He barks ferociously. Amelia, still on top of the TV, regards the dog with casual indifference, her eyes dead. She jumps down to the floor, squaring off at Bugsy. A moment of stillness. Bugsy is spooked and makes a run for it. - Kitchen. Amelia chases Bugsy. The poor thing doesn’t have a chance as she grabs it by the neck. He struggles, trying to bite her. It’s awful. Amelia's terrible face, the dead eyes, fixated on the task. The sound of Bugsy squealing in pain. Bugsy’s little legs kick in spasms. A ghastly snapping sound. The squealing stops dead, the legs go limp. Amelia looks at the dog’s corpse, emotionless. Her face suddenly scrunches up in pain, she looks broken. It’s her molar. She yells dropping Bugsy’s corpse on the floor. She reaches into her mouth with her fingers, grabs hold in the back, wrenches the tooth from side to side, groaning horribly. She pulls and tugs, screaming in pain. After an age it wrenches free. She looks at the bloodied molar in morbid fascination, blood pooling in her mouth. Suddenly bored with it, she throws the tooth away. - Lounge. Amelia stalks into the room. She instinctively whips her head up and looks straight at her son, his face peering over the bannister. He disappears, a door slams. Amelia's jagged limbs move quickly, like a spider. She bolts straight up those stairs to her son. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/OUTSIDE AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 10 - Samuel sits with his back against the locked door, key in hand. He hears Amelia’s footsteps right outside. He freezes as she tries the door. 82.
63) 1) dialog: (Slightly distorted) Samuel. He tenses, sits up to listen. - Amelia on the other side. She clears her throat, tries to ‘normalize.’ The pupils in her eyes contract slightly.
63) 2) dialog: (More normal) Samuel. Let me in. (No response.) Bugsy’s hurt. We need to go get help.. Her voice sounds normal but her face is terrifying.
63) 3) dialog: Samuel. Do you want Bugsy to die?? Samuel silently disappears out of frame. Back to Amelia on the other side. Her mouth contorts with rage, her eyes devil’s eyes. She pounds on the door, growing violent.
63) 4) dialog: Samuel! Let-me-in! (No response) I’11 huff and I’1l puff and I’11l BLOW YOUR
63) 6) dialog: You little pig. 6 years old and you're still wetting yourself. 105 83. He can’t look at her, puts his hands in his pockets.
63) 7) dialog: (Cruel) You don’t know how many times I've wished it was you not him that died.
63) 9) dialog: (Mimicking him) I just want you to be happee! You know, sometimes I just want to smash your head against the wall until your fucking brains pop out. Samuel backs away from her, his fists clenched.
63) 11) dialog: What did you say? Looking her bravely in the eyes. Those terrible eyes.
63) 13) dialog: (Shrieking) I-AM-YOUR-MOTHER! ! Samuel throws a firecracker on the floorboards, then another. They stun her long enough so he can escape. Amelia finds fresh rage. She bolts out after him. INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY/SAMUEL’S ROOM - NIGHT 105 - Samuel pelts down the hallway. His mother tears after him, screaming, her limbs disjointed and ‘broken’, moving fast like a spider. - Sam’s room. Samuel’s hands shake as he puts on his weapons. His eyes are wide with terror. Amelia appears in the doorway, huge and terrifying. She looks at him with a cruel fascination.
64) 0) text: Amelia comes out raging. She pulls the nails out of her shoulder, looks downstairs, then up to the top rooms, which way did he go? Samuel is behind her, hiding in front of a cabinet in the hall. All she has to do is turn around and he’s dead. He stares at his mother’s back, holding his breath. There is a loud knock on the front door. Amelia pauses. Then she’s down those stairs, hardly touching the ground.
65) 0) text: Amelia lurches towards the front door, her face looks casually insane, and wholly evil. A silent, swift blur of movement can be seen in the background. It’s Samuel escaping to the kitchen. - Amelia's deranged profile looking through the peep hole. Amelia’s POV. Mrs Roach is waiting outside. Amelia's fingers clutch the doorknob. She’s ready to rip that door off it’s hinges. - Samuel is horrified to see Bugsy’s remains on the floor in the kitchen. He tries the back door. It’s locked. - Through the peephole: Mrs Roach waits patiently in her dressing gown, shaky on her feet. She hesitates to knock again. Her kindly face looks worried. 108 109 85. Something changes in Amelia. Her terrible expression softens. She lowers her head, her breathing slows down.
65) 3) dialog: (Clearing her throat) I’m OK.
66) 1) dialog: (Normal voice) Samuel. Sam jumps. He turns sharply to see his mother at the other end of the kitchen. She looks completely normal. Samuel watches her, caught between love and terror.
66) 2) dialog: (Genuine) I’m sorry. I said some terrible things. But I didn’t mean any of them... She takes a step further into the kitchen. Samuel tenses.
66) 3) dialog: I understand you’re scared. Samuel watches her, very wary, but drawn in by her. 86.
66) 4) dialog: (Remorseful) I haven't been good since your Dad died. I haven’t been good at all.. I’m sick Sam, I need help. Samuel’s face softens. He listens intently.
66) 5) dialog: I just spoke to Mrs Roach. We’re going to stay there for the night. Amelia comes closer. She kneels in front of her son. Her face is soft and terribly sad.
66) 6) dialog: Do you want to do that? Amelia puts one hand gently on his shoulder. Samuel nods. Amelia’s hand behind her back is twisted and clenched.
66) 7) dialog: I want to make it up to you Sam. I want you to meet your Dad. She slips her other hand around the back of his neck, soothing him with her touch. He tenses.
66) 8) dialog: It's beautiful. You'll be happy there.. Samuel can see his mother’s pupils don’t look normal. Without warning, he quickly raises a carving knife behind his back and sinks it deep into his mother’s leg. She looks to him, then to the knife, absolutely stunned.
67) 0) text: Amelia pauses at the top of the stairs, then descends at full speed, screaming like a banshee. A little hand pulls a rope, a trip wire forms. Amelia’s feet connect with it. She tumbles forward, hitting her head on the ceiling beam, hard. She stumbles around, concussed. The room spins before her, she sees a brief glimpse of Samuel watching in horror, then the ceiling, the floor, out of control. It looks terrible as she swerves and stumbles. Sam has a baseball bat in both hands. He runs to Amelia and strikes her as hard as he can in the of the knees. She buckles and hits her head first on the wall, then hard on the concrete floor. The blows knock her out.
68) 0) text: Black screen. The sound of very fast, shallow breathing. The ceiling comes into focus, one dingy light overhead. Amelia in profile breathing super fast. Her pupils are now large and black as coals. She tries to lift herself up but despite her considerable power, she can’t. She looks down. Every part of her, neck to toe, is tied and bound with rope, belts, anything Samuel could get his hands on. She looks like Gulliver in Lilliput. She makes a terrible shrieking sound, struggling to free herself. Samuel slinks out of the shadows with his magician’s cape on, holding the baseball bat, trembling with fear.
68) 10) text: Her other hand comes free. Samuel tries to punch and kick her, she tightens the grip on the back of his neck. She takes both hands and places them round Samuel’s neck. She struggles with what she is about to do but loses out. Slowly but surely, she chokes him. His little hands pull at her hands around his neck. But she’s too strong. Sam’s face turns red, he can’t breathe. A look of terrible recognition passes across Amelia’s monstrous face as she realizes what she’s doing, but still she can’t stop. She cries out, trying to summon up strength from the depths. It doesn’t come. Samuel eyes bulge. He takes both hands and with great effort places them on his mother’s cheeks. He strokes his mother’s face, full of love, trying to get her to stop. It’s heart wrenching. Something snaps in Amelia. Her body shakes violently. Black tears rolling down her face. She throws Samuel away from her, screaming out as she sends him sliding halfway across the room. Amelia gets up on all fours, shaking her head from side to side. The movement becomes so quick, so surreal, that her head becomes a violent, screaming blur. Samuel calls out to his mother, desperate and frightened. After a time, Amelia’s head movements slow down. Then finally, they stop. A long pause. Amelia suddenly and forcefully vomits up a black substance. It hits the floor urgently. Samuel watches on, speechless. It’s horrible, disturbing. Just as soon as it started, it stops. Amelia falls face forward and lies dead still, her eyes open and staring. Samuel runs to her. Desperate, he grabs her shirt, pulling her up, her head falls back. He hits her hard on the chest, as hard as he possibly can, over and over. Amelia inhales like a drowning person coming up for air. She lets out a cry, a human cry this time, full of pain. Samuel wipes her face and kisses her cheek, grateful she’s alive. Amelia looks around completely disoriented. 112 113 90.
69) 0) text: Amelia limps through the basement door holding her son’s hand, slowly coming out of her trance like state. They stand there shell shocked. The house is silent. A low rumbling starts up. Samuel looks all around him, then to his mum. She looks at him, unnerved.
69) 2) dialog: (Desperate) What do you want! The bed lifts up then slams down violently with them on it. Amelia holds on tighter, Samuel clings to her.
69) 3) dialog: 
69) 5) dialog: (Shaking her head) No...
69) 8) dialog: 
69) 11) dialog: 
69) 13) dialog: You....are....nothing. The hideous growling grows more threatening with her words. Her energy rises visibly. A pure, white hot rage.
69) 14) dialog: 
69) 16) dialog: This is MY HOUSE! You are trespassing in
69) 18) dialog: (Not turning away) If you touch my son again, I'll fucking KILL YOU! Bits of the ceiling fall to the floor. The walls crack. Sam's body is flipped up and pulled violently towards the shadows. He yells. Amelia grabs him by the hands and yanks him to her, there’s no way she’s letting go this time. Sam wraps around her waist, she holds him tight. The sound of the Babadook is deafening. Its presence takes over the room. Amelia jumps up on the bed end, her son in her arms, and lets out a scream so strong, so piercing, it smashes every window in the room. She looks utterly fierce. A mother enraged, protecting her son. Her scream dies away, but her eyes are full of life. She searches the darkness. The huge shadow shrinks down from the ceiling, its growls reduce to a hideous moan. The shadow is slowly and completely lost to the darkness. The noise of the Babadook stops altogether. Amelia stands tall on the bed end, searching the shadows, holding her breath. An unbearable silence. 114 93. The outward figure of the Babadook, just like the one in the picture book only life size, rolls in to the edge of the shadows. It looks absurd, creepy, its black arms stretched out like a scarecrow. Amelia holds her breath, waiting for something to happen. The ‘figure’ suddenly drops to the ground like a sack. Amelia starts. It collapses into a shapeless mound of hat and coat with nothing underneath. Amelia slides down to the floor, staring at it, dumbfounded. Sam jumps on the mattress, face down. A moaning sound starts up under the coat. Hellish, but somehow sad. Amelia inches in to look, her face softens.
70) 0) text: By the time Amelia makes it downstairs, the Babadook has disappeared into the basement, door slamming. She runs over to it, locks the door, takes the key. Amelia turns. Sam stands opposite her. He cries, then howls, completely overwhelmed, his body shaking. Amelia races to him, scoops him up. Samuel clings to her for dear life. She strokes his head, kisses his face, holding him as tight as she can. She takes him to the couch, cradles him in her arms and soothes him with her words. Full of a mother’s love. They stay there like that for a long time together. 94.
71) 0) text: Sam looks through a window. He has his best clothes on, looking adorable. He sees something, his face lights up. The front door opens. Sam guides Mrs Roach down the steps, then lets go of her hand and runs to mum. Amelia scoops Sam up in her arms. She looks different. Stronger. Her eyes more relaxed and alive.
71) 2) dialog: He's fine. I’ve had the stitches out.
71) 4) dialog: (Not a touch of irony) I know.
71) 6) dialog: Anytime after 3 is fine. Just going to have a bit of real food first, before the sugar onslaught starts. Samuel snuggles into her. She hugs him back.
72) 0) text: The lounge room is still run down, but tidy and clean. There are homemade birthday decorations strung up. Amelia and Samuel sit on the couch, side by side. The couple from Social Services sit opposite, cups of tea in hand. Amelia is much more grounded in their presence.
72) 2) dialog: I’ve done a lot of reading about it so.. I think Sam’1l be happy there.
72) 4) dialog: (Strong) We needed time to sort things out. Samuel nestles into his mum. Prue smiles tightly.
72) 6) dialog: It’s Sam's birthday today. We’re having a small thing, just a few friends.
72) 8) dialog: That’s not true!
72) 11) dialog: (Not a trace of self pity) My husband died the day that Sam was born. The DOCs couple don’t know how to respond.
72) 13) dialog: Sam's just like his dad was, always speaks his mind. Sam is snuggled right in to his mum, protected.
72) 16) dialog: (Getting up) I’1l take that for you.
73) 0) text: A cross section of soil. Bugsy’s corpse buried there. The flesh begins to rot. Worms and bugs crawl through it. Travelling up to the roots of a plant bursting out of the earth. A rose bush. Amelia’s tends to the soil around it. She admires a single black rose in full bloom. Samuel is nearby, opposite the fence. There’s a target painted on it. He has two home made ‘nail guns’ on either leg. He aims then fires them off in quick succession. Amelia looks up. The nails hit their mark.
73) 1) dialog: Good shot! Samuel looks pleased. He runs over to her.
73) 3) dialog: (Genuine) You're doing such a good job. He runs back to his target, full of beans, firing up again. 97. Amelia picks up another worm and adds it to a bowl full of them. She takes off her gloves and gets up.
74) 0) text: Amelia is at the door which now has many bolts on it. She undoes them all as Samuel watches. She goes over to where she’s put down the bowl of sludge and worms, picks it up. Sam keeps one eye on her as he tentatively sneaks one foot into the basement. She turns around and sees him.
74) 1) dialog: (Fierce, protective) UH UH UH! NO! He stops in his tracks.
74) 2) dialog: (Moving to him) It’s not a game, Sam. Amelia crouches down to Sam’s level, patient and loving.
74) 3) dialog: One day, when you’re a bit bigger. You keep working on your weapons... Samuel silently accepts what she’s offering. For now.
74) 4) dialog: (Firm) Go right out into the yard and stay there till I call you, alright? He nods and runs outside.
75) 0) text: Amelia descends the stairs. It’s dark and hard to see. A very faint rumbling starts up. The room is clearer than before. Oskar’s things are still there, but now very neatly stacked in one corner. Amelia places the bowl of slop in the centre of the room. She steps back and waits, peering into the darkness. She's frightened, but does her best to conceal it. The rumbling increases. She can see a familiar shadow in the corner, moving ever so slightly. A low insect like noise. She braces herself, peering in to try and see it. A sound behind her. The back of Amelia’s head as she turns around, her eyes widening. 120 98. Amelia is knocked off balance then twisted and bent backwards. Her arms grab at the air to try and right herself. She grunts and groans, her face is forced to one side. The sounds around her are horrible, threatening. Amelia seen from above. She is bent right back as she forces her head to look up. She lets out a low guttural warning sound, then a shout, full of power.. Her back releases slightly, she is able to right herself, standing eye to eye with something we don’t see. Her face is tense, her pupils dilate. She looks afraid but something else is there now. Something soft and sad.
75) 1) dialog: (Tenderly, through the fear) Ssh.. Ssh... It’s alright, it’s alright.. Ssh..... She stays there awhile. Her breathing is laboured, her pupils now huge and black. A tortured moan off screen. She continues to soothe and reassure it, undeterred. Time stretches. A moment of peace. Amelia's eyes return to normal. The POV falls away from her, dropping to the floor. Amelia stands over it. The bowl of slop there on the floor untouched. Nothing else can be seen in the room. In one quick move the bowl is sucked into the darkness. Amelia walks backwards to the stairs. She turns and climbs them as quick as she can without running.
76) 0) text: Amelia carries a tray filled with sandwiches. She sets it down in front of Samuel. He has his magician’s outfit on.
76) 2) dialog: Pretty quiet today. Amelia reaches up and undoes his top collar, inspecting the bruises on his neck. She can’t hide her shame.
76) 6) dialog: (Impressed) Very good!
76) 8) dialog: (Shocked) How did you do that! The bird flaps around on the table. Samuel does an impromptu jig around his mum, very pleased with himself. She laughs, enjoying his dance. She tries to grab hold of his arm. He wriggles free, happy, laughing.
76) 9) dialog: Come here... Amelia finally catches his arm, drawing him to her. She hugs him and puts him on her lap. He stops wriggling around and settles in, relishing his mother’s love. A quiet beautiful moment, neither of them say a thing. Amelia rubs her son’s back, he snuggles into her.
76) 10) dialog: (Quietly, after more than a moment) Happy birthday sweetheart. Sam breaks into a smile. He closes his eyes and leans into his mother, his face beaming.