11) 0) text: Samuel climbs up onto the swing seat, looks to his mum. Amelia sits on a bench with her younger sister CLAIRE, a ‘young professional’, immaculately groomed. Claire’s 5 YO daughter RUBY plays close to her mum, a total princess. Amelia watches Samuel, massaging her jaw, preoccupied.
11) 1) dialog: The artist was so drunk he vomited right in front of his own installation. We lost all these sales. Robert was beside himself... (Beat) You’re not listening.
11) 6) dialog: Is that tooth still playing up? Amelia immediately stops massaging.
11) 7) dialog: (Irritated) Go to the dentist.
11) 9) dialog: Do you need to borrow some money? 16.
11) 11) dialog: Ruby don’t play there sweetie it’s wet. Ruby stands up and smooths her skirt down perfectly.
11) 13) dialog: The whole day?
11) 17) dialog: Meels.... I’ve wanted to tell you. I was hoping Ruby would change her mind... Beat. Amelia waits for the bad news.
11) 18) dialog: (Sheepish) She doesn’t want a joint party with Sam this year. It’s stupid I know, their birthdays are so close.
11) 20) dialog: She wants her own birthday cake, her own party games. She wants a princess party.
11) 22) dialog: (Gentle) You can still come, stupid. She just doesn’t want to share the day with Sam anymore, that’s all...
11) 24) dialog: Now I feel bad.
11) 27) dialog: Maybe you want to celebrate his birthday properly this year anyway. On the day. You’ve still got two weeks to plan it.
11) 29) dialog: (Annoyed) You know Amelia, I just want you to be happy, then this birthday thing rolls around and I end up feeling awful. Samuel climbs higher and higher. They still don’t see.
20) 7) dialog: What have you been doing?
20) 9) dialog: Day off school hey?
20) 13) dialog: Is there a pupil free day today?
20) 15) dialog: So you lie to your sister. That’s nice.
20) 17) dialog: Be gentle, will you Samuel?
24) 0) text: Amelia gets into her car. She sees a man and a woman kissing in their car, opposite her. She doesn’t want to look, but the passion of their embrace draws her in. The man whispers in the woman’s ear. She laughs, kissing him softly, then deeply, open mouthed. Amelia watches, yearning, immeasurably sad. The couple break apart. They happen to look her way. Amelia looks down, not wanting to be seen. She rummages through her bag, happens to look at her mobile. 10 missed calls. She checks the sender. It’s her sister. EXT. OUTSIDE CLAIRE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 4l Amelia arrives to a ‘scene’. Ruby is bawling, clinging to her mother. Samuel is curled up in a ball on the lawn, stressed and frightened. Claire’s face is a hard mask. 31.
24) 1) dialog: Where have you been! You weren’t at work, I've rung you a million times!
24) 3) dialog: He’s just scared the crap out of Ruby. The little girl cries, her mother gently shushes her. Amelia looks at Samuel. He’s spooked.
24) 4) dialog: He insisted on talking to this bloody Babadook thing, all day. Just talking to the air. It even freaked me out.
24) 6) dialog: You need to get him to see someone Amelia. It’s not normal.
24) 8) dialog: Don’t be stupid. I just don’t want to have to deal with this monster crap-
34) 4) dialog: Well now she has a twin. They can go shopping together. Ruby flounces outside. The other kids follow her. Except for Samuel, who stays exactly where he is.
34) 15) dialog: She's very talented, she just needs to get back into it, that’s all. Amelia becomes very uncomfortable, the focus on her.
34) 17) dialog: (Changing the subject) How’s Richard’s merger going?
34) 28) dialog: (Cheek kissing) No that’s fine. I’1l1 call you when they’re ready to be picked up. The women give Amelia a half hearted goodbye as they leave, she returns it, embarrassed.
34) 30) dialog: (Cold) I‘’1l be fine. Amelia doesn't go. The tension builds as they sit there watching the children play in the enormous backyard. - Tree house.
34) 37) dialog: You were bloody rude.
34) 39) dialog: Shereen is a huge supporter of the gallery, her husband is one of our major investors, and she’s my friend!
34) 41) dialog: They feel for you in your situation!
34) 47) dialog: I know what this is really all about.
34) 49) dialog: As soon as anyone mentions Oskar, as soon as they even so much as hint at it, you can’t cope. This hits a raw nerve with Amelia, she covers it.
34) 51) dialog: I know he was the love of your life. And it is God awful what happened to him. But it'll be seven years Amelia, isn’t it time you moved on? Amelia struggles desperately to keep her feelings in.
34) 53) dialog: (Defensive) I do ask! I want to know how you are!
34) 61) dialog: And you know why that is.. I ask and you never come round-
34) 62) dialog: (Snapping) Because I can’t stand being around your son!
34) 64) dialog: You can’t stand being round him yourself! - Tree house. Samuel lurches forward and pushes his cousin, hard. Ruby is knocked off balance. She grabs at the air as she falls backwards right out the door. Samuel face drops as he watches her fall. - Backyard. Claire sees her daughter fall, turn mid air and land straight on her face on the ground below. It looks awful. Both sisters rush over. Ruby stands up, in shock, blood pouring from her mouth. Slowly, surely, she starts to howl. All the kids stop playing and stare. Some get scared.
34) 65) dialog: Let me have a look darling. 59 47. She opens her mouth. A tooth has snapped off at the base. Ruby is hysterical. Blood spurts out. Amelia sees her son at the top of the tree house. He looks scared and guilty as he climbs down.
34) 66) dialog: (Lashing out at him) WHAT DID YOU DO!
34) 69) dialog: (To Amelia) That bottom tooth is an adult tooth! She’s not going to get it back! Ruby squeals. Claire holds her tight and marches to the front door. Amelia follows her closely.
34) 70) dialog: Stay here and look after the children! Do you want another one to get hurt? Claire’s voice upsets one of the girls, the girl cries, this sets another one off. The kids are scared. She charges out of the door with her squealing daughter. Amelia turns to see a group of children in various states of distress. And in the middle is Samuel, completely lost. He rushes in to Amelia. She pushes him away. He runs to her again.
40) 0) text: Petrol splashes out of a can. A pair of hands throw a lit match into the barbeque where the ripped up book now lies. It ignites quickly. Amelia stands back as the flames rise, watching it burn. She sees Samuel at the back door, trying to wake up. She shoots him a tense smile. He looks concerned. INT. AMELIA’S HALLWAY/CLAIRE’S HOUSE - MORNING 68 Amelia is on the phone to Claire.
40) 1) dialog: She has to have a root canal and a crown.
40) 3) dialog: You can’t even pay for your own dental work, how are you going to do that? Amelia doesn’t know what to say.
40) 4) dialog: I really have to go now.
40) 6) dialog: What?
40) 8) dialog: What are you talking about?
40) 10) dialog: A book? Amelia I can’t help you now-
40) 12) dialog: If you’re worried you should go to the police. I’ve got to go. (Hangs up.) Amelia puts down the phone, crushed. She stares at her hands, black from the smoke. Silence. The phone rings sharply, giving her a fright.