26) 0) text: - Kitchen. A pot of soup boils away on the stove. Amelia stirs, focusing on the task. She looks up, and can just see Mrs Roach sitting in her lounge opposite, watching TV. The sight comforts her. She smiles, relaxes. - Basement. Samuel’s sparkly gloves clapping together. Stuffed toys all lined up in a row. At the end of the line, a photo of Amelia with her husband, OSKAR. They have their arms around each other, smiling. 44 33.
28) 0) text: Amelia finds the crowded space in chaos. Samuel has pulled out all his father’s things, a desperate attempt to connect. The sight of it all puts Amelia into a spin. She races around randomly stuffing things back in boxes. She clocks the photo of her and Oskar, walks over, picks it up, puts it in her pocket, unable to even look at it. She turns and what she sees makes her jump with fright. Samuel has fixed a hat, shirt and trousers to the wall, using his father’s things to replicate a person. A pair of shoes rest under each trouser leg. Oskar’s violin is out of its case, propped up against the wall, as if the shirt arm were holding it. Amelia's fright subsides overtaken by a terrible remorse that hits her right in the guts. Tears well in her eyes. 46 47 36.
58) 0) text: Amelia arrives to a basement completely clear of clutter. The most beautiful, ethereal light transforms it. Samuel is nowhere to be found. Amelia steps into the light and is calmed by it. Out of the shadows steps the man from the photo. Amelia's husband, Oskar, a handsome man in his forties. Amelia's face drops when she sees him. Her eyes spontaneously fill with tears. She races in to him. They stay like that for a long time, holding each other. Amelia cries in disbelief, her emotions overwhelming her. He kisses her, he’s real. She melts into him, letting go into one exquisite moment.
58) 2) dialog: We can be together sweetheart... She hugs him tighter, in complete disbelief. Long pause.
58) 3) dialog: You just need to bring me the boy. 98 78. Amelia feels a sudden chill run over her and pulls back from her husband. It suddenly doesn’t feel right. The beautiful light has disappeared. Deep shadows fall across Oskar’s face. He looks strange.
58) 5) dialog: (His voice distorts) You can bring me the boy... You can bring me the boy...
58) 7) dialog: (Distorted) I think it’s going to rain. She looks up. A razor thin line of blood forms a diagonal line from one ear across to his jaw on the other side.
69) 6) dialog: Keep breathing... A very faint rumble starts up again. Amelia can’t take her eyes from her husband, her panic becomes visible.
69) 7) dialog: Put your seat back sweetheart. Ten more minutes and we’re there.
69) 10) dialog: I think it’s going to rain. Oskar is oblivious to the noise building around him.
75) 0) text: Amelia descends the stairs. It’s dark and hard to see. A very faint rumbling starts up. The room is clearer than before. Oskar’s things are still there, but now very neatly stacked in one corner. Amelia places the bowl of slop in the centre of the room. She steps back and waits, peering into the darkness. She's frightened, but does her best to conceal it. The rumbling increases. She can see a familiar shadow in the corner, moving ever so slightly. A low insect like noise. She braces herself, peering in to try and see it. A sound behind her. The back of Amelia’s head as she turns around, her eyes widening. 120 98. Amelia is knocked off balance then twisted and bent backwards. Her arms grab at the air to try and right herself. She grunts and groans, her face is forced to one side. The sounds around her are horrible, threatening. Amelia seen from above. She is bent right back as she forces her head to look up. She lets out a low guttural warning sound, then a shout, full of power.. Her back releases slightly, she is able to right herself, standing eye to eye with something we don’t see. Her face is tense, her pupils dilate. She looks afraid but something else is there now. Something soft and sad.