0) 5) dialog: I had the dream again. Amelia makes one mighty effort to get up. Her fluffy Maltese terrier, BUGSY, jumps off the bed with her. She scrambles to her feet, stumbling on the way to her son.
1) 0) text: POV under the bed. The doona is lifted. Amelia and Samuel peer underneath. The doona is dropped back into place. Black. Closet doors open, Amelia takes a quick look inside, Samuel checks everywhere. Amelia closes it. Amelia is dark haired and wiry. Pretty, but nervous looking. Samuel's little face is white with anxiety. He moves back and forth from one foot to the other.
1) 1) dialog: Can we check under the bed?
1) 4) dialog: It said it’s coming to kill us both. His comment unnerves Amelia. She recovers quickly.
2) 0) text: Amelia searches through the bookshelf. Samuel clings to her waist, not letting go. Bugsy follows them. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - A SHORT WHILE LATER Amelia sits up in bed, Samuel in her lap, the doona surrounds them like a giant caterpillar. Amelia gives the book everything she’s got, fighting her tiredness.
2) 1) text: (In the voice of the wolf) ‘Well I'll climb down your chimney you fat little pigs!’ And he climbed down that chimney, straight into the huge black pot . And that was the end of the big-bad-wolf! She closes the book. Samuel is still anxious.
2) 2) dialog: Did they really get the wolf?
2) 4) dialog: I’m gonna kill the monster if it tries to hurt you Mum.
2) 6) dialog: I‘ll bash it to pieces when it comes.
2) 8) dialog: Just one more time... Then I’1l sleep. He won’t take no for an answer. She gives in to another read. Samuel snuggles in close to her, wide awake.
3) 1) dialog: It’s not broken! It just slipped. She calmly walks to the TV, her movements controlled.
3) 3) dialog: Wait look at this! When the monster comes in the room-
3) 5) dialog: I push down here- He pushes down hard, a lever rises and launches the ball.
3) 10) dialog: You have to look at me. Mum? It doesn’t work if you- She pins him with her gaze.
3) 12) dialog: Nothing in my hands.
3) 17) dialog: If I fired nails into its chest, would that kill it?
3) 19) dialog: (Annoyed) The monster in my dream.
3) 21) dialog: What about if I fired them into its head?
3) 23) dialog: If I fired them into its chest-
3) 25) dialog: (Quiet) If I fired them into its eyes, I could run away because it’d be blinded. Amelia stares straight ahead, choosing to ignore him.
3) 26) dialog: Mum?
4) 0) text: The decrepit hatchback rolls to a stop, standing out like a sore thumb amongst the Mercs and Audis. Samuel climbs over the front seat, just to kiss his mum.
4) 3) dialog: See you later alligator!
10) 0) text: Amelia spies Samuel sitting with a 7th grader on a bench at the end of the hall. She can see he’s been crying. His eyes are red and puffy. She approaches, bracing herself.
10) 1) dialog: (Trying not to cry) I wasn’t going to hurt anyone... Amelia crouches down. She chooses her words carefully.
10) 4) dialog: (Finally) Miss Bowen hates me.
10) 9) dialog: Are you gonna stay at home with me all the time now Mum?
10) 12) dialog: (Preparing) I can do it again! The mother and Amelia register each other, smiling.
10) 15) dialog: My Dad’s in the cemetery. The woman’s face drops. Amelia tenses.
10) 16) dialog: He got killed driving Mum to the hospital to have me- 21 15.
11) 0) text: Samuel climbs up onto the swing seat, looks to his mum. Amelia sits on a bench with her younger sister CLAIRE, a ‘young professional’, immaculately groomed. Claire’s 5 YO daughter RUBY plays close to her mum, a total princess. Amelia watches Samuel, massaging her jaw, preoccupied.
11) 3) dialog: 
11) 5) dialog: I’m gonna jump on the monster and break it in HALF! Watch... He leaps. Amelia feigns interest, massaging her jaw.
11) 15) dialog: I can jump from here and smash its head! He’s climbed up higher, jumps, does a forward roll, gets straight up to punch the air. Claire is unimpressed.
11) 26) dialog: Mum, I can go really high! They clock him briefly. Samuel climbs higher than before.
11) 31) dialog: 
11) 34) dialog: 
12) 0) text: Amelia grips the wheel. Samuel in the background, crying. Amelia makes a conscious effort to not react. Her jaw tightens as her son’s cries get louder and louder. EXT. AMELIA’S FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON 23 Samuel trudges up the path to their crumbling, falling down old terrace. His face is tear stained. Amelia stops at the letter box. A bunch of bills, one has FINAL NOTICE written on the outside. She throws them in her bag without opening them. Mrs Roach, a sweet elderly neighbour, waters her azaleas. Her hands shake with Parkinsons disease.
12) 2) dialog: (Downbeat) Hello Mrs Roach.
12) 4) dialog: Yeah. Few wars. He has the keys in hand, he unlocks and opens the door. Bugsy comes rushing out the door, jumping up on Samuel. Sam crouches down to hug the dog, then goes inside.
15) 0) text: POV under the bed. The doona comes up, Amelia and Samuel’s faces peering underneath. Black. Closet POV as the doors open. Amelia and Samuel do their nightly routine check for monsters.
15) 4) dialog: On the shelf. He jumps up, opens the book.
15) 9) dialog: (Turns the page) You said I could choose. A little boy next to a big wardrobe, his hand to his ear. The words ‘RUMBLE RUMBLE RUMBLE’ are written around him.
15) 13) dialog: Does it hurt the boy? Mum?? A black silhouette of the Babadook raising its arms like big insect wings. It looks freaky.
15) 14) dialog: (Getting scared) Where does it live? 28 29 22. ‘I'll soon take off my funny disguise (Take heed of what you've read...)'
15) 15) dialog: (Anxiety rising to fever pitch) Does it live under the bed?? Mum?? ‘And once you see what's underneath..’'
15) 16) dialog: (Starting to cry) Mummy..... She turns the page. Just black text on a white page.. ‘YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU WERE DEAD.’ She shuts the book quickly as Samuel’s cries escalate.
16) 0) text: Amelia patiently reads another story to Samuel who has his arms wrapped around her waist, howling with fear. - A while later. Amelia lies on her side, staring blankly at the large teak wardrobe opposite Sam’s bed. The doors are shut. Moonlight plays across it, making it look almost alive. Samuel is finally asleep. He scrunches her ear in his sleep. She lets him do it, too exhausted to resist. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 29 Amelia opens the Babadook book. The Babadook drops from the ceiling, the speech bubble ‘LET ME IN’ pops up. She flips the page. The silhouette of the Babadook raising its ‘wings.’ ‘And once you see what's underneath’ She turns the page. ‘YOU'RE GOING TO WISH YOU WERE DEAD.' She hurriedly turns to the next page. It’s blank. Then the page after and the one after that, all blank. She searches for publishing markings. There aren’t any. - Later. Amelia stands on a stool reaching up to top of her wardrobe, book in hand. She shoves the book back as far as it will go, out of the reach of little hands. 30 31 32 23.
18) 0) text: The old house is completely dark. The stairs creak as Amelia climbs them. She closes the door on Bugsy. He hangs around outside. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/SAMUEL’S ROOM - LATE NIGHT 32 - Amelia's room. A sewing basket in Amelia’s hands. She takes off a top layer of fabric, then a layer of thread. Finally she pulls out a vibrator hiding underneath. She takes a look at the door then jumps into bed. The room is dark, just a sliver of light through the windows. Amelia reaches under the doona, wriggling around. She throws her undies on the floor, determination on her face. A hum begins, she closes her eyes. - Samuel’s room. He’s having a nightmare, breathing fast. His eyes open suddenly. He peeks out over the doona. The doors of the wardrobe opposite are wide open, a yawning blackness inside. Samuel cranes his neck to peer in, terrified. He throws himself back under the covers, disappearing completely. 24. - Amelia's room. Amelia’s flushed face pops out from under the covers, trying to bring on arousal, almost forcing it. The room seems alive, shadows threaten. - Samuel's room. Samuel’s pulls a slingshot and some metal pellets from under his mattress. He sits up, loads the weapon, then aims it at the wardrobe, not breathing. - Amelia's room. Amelia is about to orgasm, a pained look on her face. She holds off for as long as she can. Her door creaks opens, but she doesn’t see. A creepy shadow drops to the floor and disappears. Her breathing is very deep, she’s almost there.. The shadow jumps up on the bed. Amelia yells in fright. It's Samuel. Amelia turns off the vibrator, flings it under the bed. Bugsy runs and jumps on the bed too.
18) 2) dialog: It’s in my room!
18) 4) dialog: The Babadook! Amelia registers what’s happening, shaking her head.
18) 6) dialog: The closet doors were closed and now they’re wide open! Amelia calms herself down, fighting her agitation.
18) 9) dialog: (Loving) I don’t want anything bad to happen to you Mum.
18) 11) dialog: I’m gonna protect you. He touches her face. She closes her eyes, submerging her resentment, bringing herself back down to earth.
19) 0) text: The kitchen is dark and empty. Mess everywhere. The lounge room is empty too, it feels spooky. Not a soul in the hall. The old house is entirely still. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM - DEAD OF NIGHT/MORNING 34 Amelia sits up in bed, unable to sleep. She’s reading ‘The Artist’s Way’, her eyes hanging out of her head. Samuel is curled up beside her, fast asleep. She hears a distant sound, like someone running around downstairs. The noise concerns her. She listens for more. Dead silence. Eventually, she returns to her book. Another sound downstairs, a bit louder this time. Amelia waits to hear more. Troubled. Nothing. She shuts her book, and pulls the doona over her head, over Samuel’s too, a little unnerved. Amelia studies her son’s sleeping face under the covers, trying to gain some comfort from it. The image of her face ‘speeds up’ as she drifts off to sleep, it twitches and moves in fast motion as she sleeps her way through the fastest night ever. She opens her eyes, still under the doona.
19) 1) dialog: Mum! It’s nine o’clock. 35 36 26. She hurls the covers off to find the alarm blaring away. She looks at the time. It is indeed 9 am. She reaches for her mobile phone, on silent. There are five missed calls. She checks the last one. The word ‘work’ flashes up on the screen. She springs out of bed.
20) 0) text: Amelia juggles her bag, her keys, Samuel’s things and talks on the mobile all at once.
20) 10) dialog: I’m not allowed back at school anymore. My teacher can’t stand me.
20) 12) dialog: She told me! In front of the class! Claire looks to her sister who can’t look back.
24) 0) text: Amelia gets into her car. She sees a man and a woman kissing in their car, opposite her. She doesn’t want to look, but the passion of their embrace draws her in. The man whispers in the woman’s ear. She laughs, kissing him softly, then deeply, open mouthed. Amelia watches, yearning, immeasurably sad. The couple break apart. They happen to look her way. Amelia looks down, not wanting to be seen. She rummages through her bag, happens to look at her mobile. 10 missed calls. She checks the sender. It’s her sister. EXT. OUTSIDE CLAIRE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 4l Amelia arrives to a ‘scene’. Ruby is bawling, clinging to her mother. Samuel is curled up in a ball on the lawn, stressed and frightened. Claire’s face is a hard mask. 31.
24) 9) dialog: (From the other side of the lawn, angry) IT’S NOT CRAP, IT’S REAL!
25) 2) dialog: You got them for me on the Internet.
25) 6) dialog: It wants to make us really scared first. Then you'll see it.
25) 8) dialog: You will be when it creeps (Civil) That's enough- into your room at night.
25) 9) dialog: You will be when it eats your insides.
26) 0) text: - Kitchen. A pot of soup boils away on the stove. Amelia stirs, focusing on the task. She looks up, and can just see Mrs Roach sitting in her lounge opposite, watching TV. The sight comforts her. She smiles, relaxes. - Basement. Samuel’s sparkly gloves clapping together. Stuffed toys all lined up in a row. At the end of the line, a photo of Amelia with her husband, OSKAR. They have their arms around each other, smiling. 44 33.
26) 1) dialog: Laayydees and gentlemehhhn! Mum and dad! Samuel has his magician outfit on, sparkly coat and hat.
26) 2) dialog: Life is not always as it seems. It can be a wonderrus thing.. He does a quick magic trick. It’s good, he’s got a knack. Bugsy is close by, sniffing around.
26) 3) dialog: But it can also be very trecheruss... He throws two firecrackers onto the ground. They explode. Bugsy is spooked and hightails it up the stairs.
26) 4) dialog: (Talking to something we can’t see) Don’t worry dad, I’m gonna save Mum. I’m gonna trap the Babadook like this.. He runs to the stairs, and pulls on a rope. It tightens across the stairs like a trip wire. - Kitchen. Amelia sees Bugsy push open the basement door and run through it. She’s shocked to see that door open. - Basement.
26) 5) dialog: When he’s trapped I’m gonna KILL HIM! A newly made nail gun is strapped to his skinny leg. He fires it off. Nails fly through the air like tiny spears.
26) 7) dialog: Samuel flinches. He rips off his weapons fast as he can, hides them and bolts upstairs . He’s in huge trouble.
27) 0) text: Amelia's face looks tight and strange. Samuel is nervous, he jigs around on the spot. She searches his pocket, he pulls away from her. She tries the other one, pulls out a key. He’s very ashamed.
27) 2) dialog: I was just putting something back..
27) 4) dialog: He’s MY father! YOU DON’T OWN HIM! A knock at the door. Amelia marches towards it, opens it. It's Robbie, flowers in one hand, a present in the other.
27) 7) dialog: I’m not sick. Uncomfortable pause. Amelia’s face burns. She’s caught out big time. A huge wave of shame builds up in her.
27) 10) dialog: (Indignant) You said that’s not true!
27) 12) dialog: (Screaming at Amelia) I HATE YOU! (To Robbie) She won’t let me have a birthday party and she WON’T let me have a DAD! Samuel bolts up the stairs. His door slams. A terribly awkward pause.
28) 0) text: Amelia finds the crowded space in chaos. Samuel has pulled out all his father’s things, a desperate attempt to connect. The sight of it all puts Amelia into a spin. She races around randomly stuffing things back in boxes. She clocks the photo of her and Oskar, walks over, picks it up, puts it in her pocket, unable to even look at it. She turns and what she sees makes her jump with fright. Samuel has fixed a hat, shirt and trousers to the wall, using his father’s things to replicate a person. A pair of shoes rest under each trouser leg. Oskar’s violin is out of its case, propped up against the wall, as if the shirt arm were holding it. Amelia's fright subsides overtaken by a terrible remorse that hits her right in the guts. Tears well in her eyes. 46 47 36.
29) 0) text: Amelia hears Samuel playing on a kid sized electric piano. It’s good, definitely music, not just noise. She enters the room, he stops playing immediately.
29) 3) dialog: (Short) I know. You’ve told me.
30) 3) dialog: The Babadook did it mum... He gets up. Amelia searches his face for the truth.
30) 4) dialog: The Babadook did it!
31) 0) text: Amelia fries some sausages. The TV is loud. She goes in to have a look. Samuel watches a magician DVD for kids, his back to her.
31) 3) dialog: (Violent) DO YOU WANT TO DIE!? Amelia is speechless. She watches Sam load the catapult. For the first time, she’s genuinely scared of her son. INT. KITCHEN/SAMUEL’S ROOM (INTERCUT) - NIGHT 50 - Kitchen. Bugsy jumps up, trying to reach Amelia’s lap. She ignores him, scratching her head, staring into space. The lights dip in and out. It makes her anxious. Suddenly that pain in her mouth again. She feels the offending molar, wincing as she pulls and tugs at it. - Sam’s room. He sleeps sitting up with his catapult on, breathing too fast and shallow, dwarfed by his armour. - Kitchen. Amelia scratches her scalp with her fingers, as if to relieve the pressure in her head and jaw. Bugsy tries to comfort her, but she’s in another world. - Sam’s room. He wakes suddenly. Shadows in every corner. It doesn't feel safe. He looks at the wardrobe opposite. The doors are open. Sam slips off the bed. Mustering all his courage, he takes small steps towards the wardrobe. - Kitchen. Amelia’s fingers scrape against her scalp. The sound intensifies, the image so close it becomes surreal. Her face, her eyes in close up, full of anxiety. The sound of her scratching becomes deafening. - Samuel’s eyes and face, framed by the catapult. 51 52 53 39. The dark closet yawns open, a deep terrifying hole. He lifts his eyes and face slowly, following something we don’t see up the wall and across the ceiling. - Amelia hears a terrible crashing sound upstairs. Then Samuel screaming, as if he’s being murdered. She leaps to her feet and is up those stairs in an instant. INT. SAMUEL’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 51 Amelia finds the wardrobe, too heavy for Sam to pull over, lying face down on the floor. His clothes spill out underneath it. The room looks like it’s been ransacked. Amelia can’t see Samuel. She runs to the open window, then to the bed in a panic, searches underneath. Samuel is squashed right into a corner. He still has his catapult on. He won’t come out, clinging to the bed post. She has to really take hold and drag him out. She's never seen anything like it. His body is rigid in her arms, his face a picture of terror. It frightens her.
31) 4) dialog: (Over and over) Don’t let it in! Don’t let it in! Don’t let it in! He starts to hyperventilate. Amelia carries him to the bed and covers him with her body, trying to calm him. Her eyes scan his pillows. Underneath one of them lies a book. She can see the spine of it. ‘MISTER BABADOOK.' Her blood runs cold.
33) 0) text: - Samuel lies in a foetal position and sucks his thumb as Amelia pats his back, singing him a lullaby. Her voice trembles as she sings it. Samuel stares into space. 54 55 56 40.
34) 2) dialog: Mum do we have to go to Ruby’s party? The doona is dragged down to reveal Amelia’s exhausted face. It’s suddenly morning. She stares at the ceiling, then makes a monumental effort to turn on her side. Her hand comes out from under the doona, reaches to the floor. She picks up a present amongst the clothes and books scattered there. The paper has angels all over it. 57 41. INT. CLAIRE’S KITCHEN - DAY 57 The present is passed to Ruby who’s waiting expectantly. Amelia looks like she hasn’t slept in years, dark circles under her eyes. Sam sits on her lap, fragile, withdrawn. His arms around her neck. She suffers it in silence. The middle class mothers surround her, all perfect hair and white teeth. Beyond groomed. Kids running everywhere. Ruby opens the present and is obviously disappointed.
34) 26) dialog: I’m not hurting anybody. - Backyard. Claire kisses the other mothers goodbye. Amelia fixes on the clown and kids.
34) 32) dialog: How would your Mum know if it’s real or not? She never comes to our house.
34) 34) dialog: The Babadook would eat your Mum for breakfast! It’d rip her arms off!
34) 44) dialog: Well, I didn’t wanna come. It’s boring. 45.
34) 46) dialog: I’m not making things up, you can’t see things coz you’re stupid. - Backyard.
34) 56) dialog: (Getting upset) I do have a dad.
34) 58) dialog: (Very close to tears) That’s not true.
34) 67) dialog: (Very upset, to Amelia) She said I didn’t have a dad! She kept saying it!
35) 1) dialog: (Crying) Mum.. I didn’t mean to hurt her. She wouldn't believe me.. Mum-meee... He starts kicking the back of her seat to get her attention. Kicking over and over and over.... Amelia swerves to the side of the road, screeches to a halt. She flips her seat belt off, turns around.
35) 5) dialog: (To the air) Get out! (To Amelia) Mummy..
35) 7) dialog: (To the air, terrified) GET-OUT! He goes red in the face, as if he’s choking. Amelia watches, immobilized by shock. A middle aged couple stop and stare, concerned. Samuel kicks and punches, thrashing his body around. He screams out in pain. Amelia desperately tries to help. Samuel’s eyes roll back in his head, his body goes rigid, his fingers splayed. It looks absolutely horrifying. Amelia panics. She opens her car door.
36) 0) text: An eye is checked by a sharp light. The pupil contracts. 61 49. A tongue depressor is put into the child’s mouth. A stethoscope against Samuel’s bare chest.
37) 0) text: Amelia has a glass of water and the pills at hand. Samuel sits up, worried, looking at the pills.
37) 1) dialog: Is there something wrong with me?
37) 3) dialog: Why don’t people like me? 51.
37) 5) dialog: Ruby said people don’t like me coz I’m weird.
37) 8) dialog: I don’t want you to die.
37) 10) dialog: Did you think that about my dad before he died? The comment hits her. She slowly pulls him away from her.
37) 12) dialog: Will these make the Babadook go away?
37) 14) dialog: I promise to protect you if you promise to protect me. Then I won’t mention it.
37) 16) dialog: Sometimes people say things that aren’t true. She looks him in the eyes, as sincerely as she can.
37) 18) dialog: (Anxious) Can you stay here with me?
37) 20) dialog: I love you Mum.
40) 0) text: Petrol splashes out of a can. A pair of hands throw a lit match into the barbeque where the ripped up book now lies. It ignites quickly. Amelia stands back as the flames rise, watching it burn. She sees Samuel at the back door, trying to wake up. She shoots him a tense smile. He looks concerned. INT. AMELIA’S HALLWAY/CLAIRE’S HOUSE - MORNING 68 Amelia is on the phone to Claire.
40) 18) dialog: I’m exhausted Mrs Roach. I’m on drugs.
41) 23) dialog: Mrs Roach has Parkingsuns, that’s why she shakes all the time like she’s dancing.
41) 24) dialog: Samuel- It might get worse but it won’t get better-
42) 0) text: - Amelia passes Samuel lying on the couch, already half asleep. Her tooth is giving her a massive migraine. - Bugsy is in the kitchen, barking nonstop. She tries to move closer to him, he runs straight past her outside. It looks like a bomb’s gone off. Food in the sink, mess everywhere. She pauses for a moment, overwhelmed. Something tickles her arm. It’s a cockroach. She jumps, flicking it off in disgust. It falls to the floor. She notices another one on the floor nearby. Then another. About six or seven of the bastards. They seem to be coming from behind the fridge. Amelia pulls the fridge out from the wall. The wallpaper is torn in one place. A cockroach pops out of it. It disgusts her. She starts to peel back the paper. A hole in the wall. It’s filled with cockroaches. They crawl out, some dropping at her feet. She has to stop from vomiting as she runs for a broom. Samuel appears at the door.
42) 10) dialog: Hello.
42) 12) dialog: I'm a bit tired from the drugs Mum gave me. They both look to Amelia with concern.
42) 15) dialog: I feel really tired akshally.
42) 21) dialog: Mum. All three adults look to Samuel.
42) 22) dialog: I think I’m gonna vomit.
43) 1) dialog: Mum. Amelia starts and looks at Samuel at the kitchen door.
43) 2) dialog: (Exhausted) I’m gonna go to bed. 75 76 63.
43) 4) dialog: No.. He turns and leaves. Amelia looks back out the window. No Babadook. Just Mrs Roach sitting with a cup of tea. She turns and follows Sam into the lounge, on edge.
44) 0) text: Samuel finishes off a magic trick, his heart’s not in it.
44) 2) dialog: (Cranky) No Mum! INT. LOUNGE ROOM/BATHROOM/AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 76 - Samuel is on the couch half asleep, watching a video. Amelia stares at the screen but doesn’t take it in. She looks into the mess of the kitchen, fear on her face. She turns up the volume on the TV, Samuel stirs. - Bathroom. Samuel is almost asleep in the bath. Amelia washes his back vigorously. - Bedroom. Amelia reads. Sam barely has his eyes open.
44) 5) dialog: Why?
45) 0) text: Amelia turns every lounge light on. She moves to the kitchen, turns the lights on there. Samuel watches, groggy. Bugsy follows Amelia, barking continuously. - Later. All the lights still on. The TV is up loud. Amelia tries desperately to stay awake, absently hitting the remote. Commercials, nature program, soap opera. An old black and white George Méliés clip appears on the screen. Beautiful silent images, childlike but slightly disturbing. Just like the Babadook book. A weird tinkling lullaby accompanies them, seducing her to sleep. She fights it, her head nodding forward and back, a drowsy agitation, desperate to stay awake. The Méliés images stream in front of her. People dismembered, heads growing larger and smaller, old style cinema tricks. Strange and sinister. Emotions pass over Amelia’s face as she watches, agitation, amusement, exhaustion, fear. Something is brewing. She jerks forward and back, her eyes heavy. Her face speeds up. It looks bizarre. The tinkly piano music continues to play. And still she doesn’t sleep. Amelia's face returns to normal speed, she looks around. The sun is coming through the windows. It’s already morning. She leans over. Something doesn’t feel right. She looks to Samuel asleep on the couch, his back to her. Bugsy peers over Samuel, studying Amelia with caution. She returns the dog’s stare, unblinking. There’s an eery silence in the room. She looks at the TV. It’s on mute. Amelia suddenly lurches forward and manages to stand. She centres herself momentarily, then shuffles to the stairs. 66. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - MORNING 79
45) 3) dialog: Mum.... Amelia's eyes spring open. She doesn’t respond.
45) 4) dialog: I took my pills, but now I feel sick again. (Pause.) I need to eat something.. Amelia's eyes fill with resentment. She closes them.
45) 5) dialog: I couldn't find any food in the fridge. Her eyes snap open, staring, cold.
45) 6) dialog: You said to have them with food. Amelia's face hardens, a buried fury surfacing.
45) 7) dialog: I’m really hungry Mum. She sits up suddenly, facing Samuel. She looks odd.
45) 9) dialog: I was just-—
45) 12) dialog: I’m sorry Mummy, I was just hungry.
46) 0) text: Amelia arrives at the door, sheepish. She sees Samuel on his bed, head down. He tries desperately not to cry. His body tenses as she comes near, he’s scared of her.
46) 4) dialog: (Crying) I’m not hungry anymore. She puts her arm around him. He wriggles away from her.
46) 7) dialog: You said McDonalds is bad for you.
47) 0) text: Kid's party. The place is packed with screaming children. Amelia looks around at the tacky decor. The sounds and sights are irritating, loud and bright. Samuel sits in front of a large Happy Meal, dark circles under his eyes. He chomps away on his french fries. Amelia gives him a warm smile. He manages one back. Things are better, the power of junk food has worked. A stabbing pain in her jaw. Amelia winces. She reaches inside her mouth and feels her back molar. She massages her jaw, searching for relief.
48) 1) dialog: (Very tired) Where are we going?
49) 0) text: Amelia has a warm bath running and is sitting in it, fully clothed. She holds her knees to her chest, trembling, trying to calm herself down. She looks awful. Samuel stands by, worried. 85 86 70.
49) 1) dialog: Mum. Do you want me to call Aunty Claire? She doesn’t reply. Samuel edges closer.
49) 2) dialog: I can talk to her and tell her we had an accident and she can come over... Mum?
49) 5) dialog: I don’t want you to go away..
50) 0) text: Amelia comes out of the basement, clutching the violin. She clocks Samuel in the lounge and walks right past him without acknowledgement. Sam is shocked. INT. AMELIA’S ROOM - EVENING 86 Amelia lies down, calmed by the violin tight in her arms. Sam follows, climbing on the bed to stroke her forehead. She relaxes and closes her eyes, letting him comfort her. A tender moment between them as Samuel smooths his mum’s hair, suddenly the parent.
50) 1) dialog: Mum... I don’t think we should stay here tonight. (Nothing.) I can call Mrs Roach.
50) 3) dialog: She wouldn’t mind, I know she wouldn’t.
52) 0) text: Amelia stands in the dark lounge room. The whispers return, only louder this time, more threatening. She can’t tell where they’re coming from. It infuriates her. 72. She races into the kitchen, turns on the light, and rounds the bench. She sees Samuel in his armour, whispering to someone on her mobile phone. He almost jumps out of his skin. She rips the mobile out of his hand and looks at the screen, livid. Mrs Roach’s name flashes up. She tries to contain her fury as she prepares to talk.
52) 13) dialog: I’m sorry Mummy. I was just scared because the Babadook made you crash the car and then-
52) 15) dialog: (Frantic) I just didn’t want you to LET
53) 0) text: Amelia and Samuel sit on his bed. Amelia tries her best to be nice. The intense pain in her jaw and head make it tough. She has the water and pills. Sam is on edge, unwilling to take his medicine.
53) 1) dialog: (Hesitating) I feel sick.
53) 3) dialog: (Pleading) Mum...
53) 5) dialog: I don’t think I need-
54) 0) text: Hysterical sound effects from a cartoon on the TV. Amelia is dozing. She jolts awake and looks over to the couch. 93 94 95 75. Samuel lies there on his back. His throat is cut. There are multiple stab wounds to his body. His dead eyes stare up at the ceiling, his face and body soaked in blood. Amelia rushes over to him. She tries to scream, but nothing comes out, her face a horrible mask of fear.
54) 1) dialog: Mum! Amelia looks at her son. He is crouched on the sofa, ready to spring. He's perfectly fine, but terrified by his mother’s behaviour. Amelia slowly recovers, completely disoriented. Samuel looks to her right hand, terrified. Amelia looks to where he’s looking. There’s a large carving knife in her hand.
57) 0) text: Mother and son steal glances at each other. The TV blares over the top of their silence. Samuel’s eyelids become heavy as he struggles with, then succumbs to sleep. Bugsy guards Samuel, watches Amelia. Amelia channel surfs manically, not stopping to look at anything. She finally stops on the late night news.
57) 4) dialog: (Eyes closed) Wake up Mummy. She can see his eyes are closed.
58) 0) text: Amelia arrives to a basement completely clear of clutter. The most beautiful, ethereal light transforms it. Samuel is nowhere to be found. Amelia steps into the light and is calmed by it. Out of the shadows steps the man from the photo. Amelia's husband, Oskar, a handsome man in his forties. Amelia's face drops when she sees him. Her eyes spontaneously fill with tears. She races in to him. They stay like that for a long time, holding each other. Amelia cries in disbelief, her emotions overwhelming her. He kisses her, he’s real. She melts into him, letting go into one exquisite moment.
63) 0) text: - Landing. Samuel opens the door a sliver. Bugsy jumps from his arms and races down the stairs. Sam is beside himself, trying to call the dog back. - Bugsy arrives in the loungeroom, bravely facing his opponent. He barks ferociously. Amelia, still on top of the TV, regards the dog with casual indifference, her eyes dead. She jumps down to the floor, squaring off at Bugsy. A moment of stillness. Bugsy is spooked and makes a run for it. - Kitchen. Amelia chases Bugsy. The poor thing doesn’t have a chance as she grabs it by the neck. He struggles, trying to bite her. It’s awful. Amelia's terrible face, the dead eyes, fixated on the task. The sound of Bugsy squealing in pain. Bugsy’s little legs kick in spasms. A ghastly snapping sound. The squealing stops dead, the legs go limp. Amelia looks at the dog’s corpse, emotionless. Her face suddenly scrunches up in pain, she looks broken. It’s her molar. She yells dropping Bugsy’s corpse on the floor. She reaches into her mouth with her fingers, grabs hold in the back, wrenches the tooth from side to side, groaning horribly. She pulls and tugs, screaming in pain. After an age it wrenches free. She looks at the bloodied molar in morbid fascination, blood pooling in her mouth. Suddenly bored with it, she throws the tooth away. - Lounge. Amelia stalks into the room. She instinctively whips her head up and looks straight at her son, his face peering over the bannister. He disappears, a door slams. Amelia's jagged limbs move quickly, like a spider. She bolts straight up those stairs to her son. INT. AMELIA’S BEDROOM/OUTSIDE AMELIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 10 - Samuel sits with his back against the locked door, key in hand. He hears Amelia’s footsteps right outside. He freezes as she tries the door. 82.
63) 8) dialog: (Near tears) I just want you to be happy.
63) 10) dialog: (Low) You’re not my mother.
63) 12) dialog: I said you're not my mother! She bends down to Samuel, her face evil, horrifying.
63) 14) dialog: 
64) 0) text: Amelia comes out raging. She pulls the nails out of her shoulder, looks downstairs, then up to the top rooms, which way did he go? Samuel is behind her, hiding in front of a cabinet in the hall. All she has to do is turn around and he’s dead. He stares at his mother’s back, holding his breath. There is a loud knock on the front door. Amelia pauses. Then she’s down those stairs, hardly touching the ground.
65) 0) text: Amelia lurches towards the front door, her face looks casually insane, and wholly evil. A silent, swift blur of movement can be seen in the background. It’s Samuel escaping to the kitchen. - Amelia's deranged profile looking through the peep hole. Amelia’s POV. Mrs Roach is waiting outside. Amelia's fingers clutch the doorknob. She’s ready to rip that door off it’s hinges. - Samuel is horrified to see Bugsy’s remains on the floor in the kitchen. He tries the back door. It’s locked. - Through the peephole: Mrs Roach waits patiently in her dressing gown, shaky on her feet. She hesitates to knock again. Her kindly face looks worried. 108 109 85. Something changes in Amelia. Her terrible expression softens. She lowers her head, her breathing slows down.
66) 0) text: Samuel has just closed a kitchen drawer.
66) 9) dialog: Sorry Mummy. He’s out of there. Amelia stumbles onto her arse, looking in shock at the big knife sticking out of her thigh. She reverts to something much more primitive than before. Her face distorts, a picture of madness. She rips the knife out in one go, yelling as she does it. Samuel races to the basement door. He takes a look back. Amelia lets out a blood curdling sound as she rises. Samuel disappears into the basement. 87.
67) 0) text: Amelia pauses at the top of the stairs, then descends at full speed, screaming like a banshee. A little hand pulls a rope, a trip wire forms. Amelia’s feet connect with it. She tumbles forward, hitting her head on the ceiling beam, hard. She stumbles around, concussed. The room spins before her, she sees a brief glimpse of Samuel watching in horror, then the ceiling, the floor, out of control. It looks terrible as she swerves and stumbles. Sam has a baseball bat in both hands. He runs to Amelia and strikes her as hard as he can in the of the knees. She buckles and hits her head first on the wall, then hard on the concrete floor. The blows knock her out.
68) 0) text: Black screen. The sound of very fast, shallow breathing. The ceiling comes into focus, one dingy light overhead. Amelia in profile breathing super fast. Her pupils are now large and black as coals. She tries to lift herself up but despite her considerable power, she can’t. She looks down. Every part of her, neck to toe, is tied and bound with rope, belts, anything Samuel could get his hands on. She looks like Gulliver in Lilliput. She makes a terrible shrieking sound, struggling to free herself. Samuel slinks out of the shadows with his magician’s cape on, holding the baseball bat, trembling with fear.
68) 1) dialog: Mum... Amelia sees him. She snarls, threatening him.
68) 2) dialog: I’m not leaving you... Amelia groans horribly, trying to free herself. Samuel comes in a touch closer. The monstrous Amelia looks at him, as if trying to register who it is. Samuel inches in closer, Amelia stops struggling. 88. He pulls out the bunch of paper flowers. She stares at them, becoming more herself, calming. Sam leans in. Amelia suddenly yells even louder than before. Samuel runs to the far corner of the basement, scared stiff. She laughs at his terror, a monstrous, agonized laugh.
68) 3) dialog: We said we’d protect each other... Some of her ties have come undone. A few of the others are starting to come loose. Samuel doesn’t notice as he sneaks back towards her, trying his hardest to be brave.
68) 4) dialog: I know you don’t love me. The Babadook won't let you. But I love you mummy, ever since I was born and I always will... The words get in somehow. Amelia’s face screws up in pain, fighting this thing that has taken her over. Another tie works itself loose, she wriggles and moves.
68) 5) dialog: My dad died because he died. Not because of me.. It’s not my fault. Amelia's face contorts, affected by his words. She gasps for breath, trying to come out of it. A black tear wells up in the corner of her eye. She starts to shake.
68) 6) dialog: (Desperate) You let it in, you have to get it out! The tear rolls down her face. A black substance seeps from one nostril. She looks terrible, shaking, trying to come back from the brink. Samuel starts to cry at the sight, suddenly losing all his strength. The baseball bat goes limp in his arms.
68) 7) dialog: (Bawling) I don’t want you to go away... Amelia's arm suddenly comes free. Amelia rips the bat out of Sam’s hands and throws it across the room. He tries to get away. But before he can escape she’s grabbed him.
68) 8) dialog: 
68) 10) text: Her other hand comes free. Samuel tries to punch and kick her, she tightens the grip on the back of his neck. She takes both hands and places them round Samuel’s neck. She struggles with what she is about to do but loses out. Slowly but surely, she chokes him. His little hands pull at her hands around his neck. But she’s too strong. Sam’s face turns red, he can’t breathe. A look of terrible recognition passes across Amelia’s monstrous face as she realizes what she’s doing, but still she can’t stop. She cries out, trying to summon up strength from the depths. It doesn’t come. Samuel eyes bulge. He takes both hands and with great effort places them on his mother’s cheeks. He strokes his mother’s face, full of love, trying to get her to stop. It’s heart wrenching. Something snaps in Amelia. Her body shakes violently. Black tears rolling down her face. She throws Samuel away from her, screaming out as she sends him sliding halfway across the room. Amelia gets up on all fours, shaking her head from side to side. The movement becomes so quick, so surreal, that her head becomes a violent, screaming blur. Samuel calls out to his mother, desperate and frightened. After a time, Amelia’s head movements slow down. Then finally, they stop. A long pause. Amelia suddenly and forcefully vomits up a black substance. It hits the floor urgently. Samuel watches on, speechless. It’s horrible, disturbing. Just as soon as it started, it stops. Amelia falls face forward and lies dead still, her eyes open and staring. Samuel runs to her. Desperate, he grabs her shirt, pulling her up, her head falls back. He hits her hard on the chest, as hard as he possibly can, over and over. Amelia inhales like a drowning person coming up for air. She lets out a cry, a human cry this time, full of pain. Samuel wipes her face and kisses her cheek, grateful she’s alive. Amelia looks around completely disoriented. 112 113 90.
69) 0) text: Amelia limps through the basement door holding her son’s hand, slowly coming out of her trance like state. They stand there shell shocked. The house is silent. A low rumbling starts up. Samuel looks all around him, then to his mum. She looks at him, unnerved.
69) 1) dialog: ‘If it’s in a word, or it’s in a look, you can’t get rid of the Babadook.’ Without warning Samuel’s body is suddenly ripped from her arms. An unseen force drags him up the stairs, his body bouncing as he hollers for his life. Amelia screams as she watches him disappear out of sight. INT. STAIRWELL/AMELIA’S ROOM - NIGHT 113 - Amelia races up the stairs as fast as she can. - She arrives at the door. Sam is standing by her bed, his arms rigid. He is picked up and flung against the wall. A sickening thud, he looks like a broken doll. Amelia screams. She races to Sam, grabs hold of his arms. They’re ripped out of her grasp. Sam hits the wall again and again. It’s brutal, he starts to lose consciousness. Amelia grabs Sam’s leg, then locks her arms round his waist. She uses all her strength to push him onto the bed, covering him with her body, gripping the edges so she doesn’t fly up against the wall herself. The bed starts to shake violently. A rumbling sound throughout the room. Amelia stares off into the shadows, acknowledging this thing as real for the very first time.
69) 19) dialog: (Looking up, scared) Mum, don’t... Amelia comes in really close now, reaching out to touch the coat, checking if it’s real. The Babadook POV. It rises from under the coat up to the ceiling, towering over Amelia, then screeches right down to her face. We don’t see it but she does. It blows the skin back on her face, her eyes widen, her mouth is forced open in a grimace. Just like mask of the Babadook. And as quick as it appeared, that thing is out of there. - The Babadook’s POV flying out the door, Amelia and Sam are left behind.
70) 0) text: By the time Amelia makes it downstairs, the Babadook has disappeared into the basement, door slamming. She runs over to it, locks the door, takes the key. Amelia turns. Sam stands opposite her. He cries, then howls, completely overwhelmed, his body shaking. Amelia races to him, scoops him up. Samuel clings to her for dear life. She strokes his head, kisses his face, holding him as tight as she can. She takes him to the couch, cradles him in her arms and soothes him with her words. Full of a mother’s love. They stay there like that for a long time together. 94.
72) 0) text: The lounge room is still run down, but tidy and clean. There are homemade birthday decorations strung up. Amelia and Samuel sit on the couch, side by side. The couple from Social Services sit opposite, cups of tea in hand. Amelia is much more grounded in their presence.
72) 7) dialog: The first birthday I’ve ever celebrated. The visitors look a little shocked.
72) 9) dialog: Yes it is mum. (To the visitors) My first party on the day.
72) 12) dialog: He got killed driving mum to the hospital to have me. Amelia doesn’t rush in to rescue them. The woman mouths the word ‘oh’. The man is completely out of his depth, just staring blankly at them. 96.
72) 15) dialog: My cousin was going to come but she’s scared of me because I knocked her front tooth out. Amelia looks to DOCs, a half smile plays on her lips. She looks beautiful. Prue looks awkward, her cup slipping on the saucer.
73) 0) text: A cross section of soil. Bugsy’s corpse buried there. The flesh begins to rot. Worms and bugs crawl through it. Travelling up to the roots of a plant bursting out of the earth. A rose bush. Amelia’s tends to the soil around it. She admires a single black rose in full bloom. Samuel is nearby, opposite the fence. There’s a target painted on it. He has two home made ‘nail guns’ on either leg. He aims then fires them off in quick succession. Amelia looks up. The nails hit their mark.
73) 2) dialog: I’m protecting you mum.
74) 0) text: Amelia is at the door which now has many bolts on it. She undoes them all as Samuel watches. She goes over to where she’s put down the bowl of sludge and worms, picks it up. Sam keeps one eye on her as he tentatively sneaks one foot into the basement. She turns around and sees him.
76) 0) text: Amelia carries a tray filled with sandwiches. She sets it down in front of Samuel. He has his magician’s outfit on.
76) 1) dialog: How was the Babadook?
76) 3) dialog: (Gently) It’s much better mummy.. She brings her hand up to stroke his cheek, looking at him with love. She puts a sandwich on Sam’s plate. 99.
76) 4) dialog: Wait! I’ve got a new trick.. He runs to get a silver dome off the ground, races back and plonks it on the table.
76) 5) dialog: Life is not always as it seems! (Waving his hands) Nothing in my hands, nothing in my hands. He makes something appear in his palm, it’s a coin.
76) 7) dialog: Wait! I haven’t finished... Amelia watches on, intrigued. Samuel places the dome over the coin. He grabs a spoon and taps it on the top for special effect. He whips the lid off and underneath is a bird. A real, live bird. Amelia laughs with surprise.