6) 13) dialog: (approaching) Mrs. Rubble, Mrs. Flintstone, I wanted to thank you personally.
6) 15) dialog: No, no, I mean for all your wonderful support the past few years. It's parents like you that make me think twice about retiring. (CONTINUED )
6) 18) dialog: On the other hand... Wilma and Betty laugh.
6) 20) dialog: Have you found another school for the children?
9) 3) dialog: Young man, if you're through flirting, I'd like some service.
9) 4) text: REVEALING MRS. SLATE, who stands there, impatient and overdressed.
9) 8) dialog: Oh, of course. Mrs. Flintstein. She turns her back to Wilma, forces her way towards the counter again. Wilma burns. (CONTINUED)
9) 24) dialog: Well, if I get some service, I'll be out of it, won't I? Mrs. Slate steps to the counter. Meanwhile, the staff begin using a refrigerator dolly to bring out giant ribs, steaks and sausages which they pile up in front of Wilma.
9) 25) dialog: I want a nice fresh, juicy chickensaurus, Morris. And not one you've had laying around on the shelf. I mean fresh.
9) 27) dialog: I don't care if you're busy. What I care about is my adorable little grand nephew. He's staying with me for the summer and I intend to make his favorite dish... Southern fried chickensaurus! Now I want a fresh chickensaurus and I want it now!
9) 31) dialog: (oblivious of the trouble) Morris, while you're at it, I'd like it plucked -- (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: The huge bird lands with a crunch atop Mrs. Slate's car, which is practically squashed flat. Then it disappears around the corner. (We hear CAR HORNS and SKIDDING TIRES as it goes.)
10) 2) dialog: My car -- ! Wilma and Betty try and hide their laughter.
17) 50) dialog: (getting out) Not at all. I'm used to being driven around. And she's sashaying up the path. Betty and Wilma burn, then follow her.
18) 3) dialog: Thank you, Marie. (showing a rock receipt) I ordered the hors d'oeuvres for the junior talent show. They were out of Ceolanth caviar so I got Mastodon brie instead. Oh, ah, these are my, uh, friends, Wilma Flintstein --
18) 5) dialog: -- oh, it used to be Flintstein -- ? And this is ah, Becky... Betty! The Headmistress reaches over, takes their hands gracefully.
18) 13) dialog: (amused ) Them? Oh, Marie, really, you don't understand --
46) 5) dialog: who glances over at the judges long enough to see that they like this a lot better than the accordion act. Suddenly Mrs. Slate jumps up, barges on stage. The MUSIC DIES.
46) 7) dialog: I'll tell you what's wrong! This "act' is an absolute disgrace! This is supposed to be a talent show! And a pedestrian animal act like this belongs in a circus!
46) 11) dialog: Why, how dare you! Mrs. Flintstein, I'll have you know that my little Poindexter has been trained by the finest tutors! Poindexter! Show them! Encore! The kid jumps up, begins to play. Immediately another GLASS SHATTERS. But then the CEILING FIXTURES CRACK, and then the PICTURE WINDOW PANELS begin to SHATTER one by one.
46) 12) dialog: (alarmed) Ah... Poindexter... that's enough Poindexter...? The kids stops... But another WINDOW PANEL EXPLODES. Then one of the tables collapses. Pause. Every head in the room swivels around and stares at Poindexter. Nervous, he tosses the accordion aside. But the destruction continues: Another WINDOW PANEL SHATTERS. Then, the entire building shakes. 237 238 239 240 105.
52) 7) dialog: (aghast) Do you see that, Jerry? Do you see how my great-nephew is behaving at this moment of crisis? (CONTINUED)
52) 53) dialog: Dear, don't you think a little more than that is in order?
52) 57) dialog: I am not being hysterical, I am being fair -- now the Flintsteins and Rabbles saved all of our lives, not to mention your reputation.