4) 0) text: Five-year-old PEBBLES GIGGLES at the table as Fred and Dino tumble into the room like Frank Buck and a lion. Wilma turns at the noise. One look at her and we under- stand Fred's romantic turn.
4) 15) dialog: Mommy, is the bad Ze-ze-zenosaurus gonna get me and eat me up?
4) 18) dialog: (giggling, calming) I'm still a little scared...
5) 4) dialog: "Bye-bye, Daddy.
28) 1) dialog: But, Mommy, I wanna go roller skating...
28) 5) dialog: (aside) As long as we beat the pants offa Mrs. Slate's nephew... (CONTINUED)
28) 12) dialog: But then we'd need a hammer BAM- BAM and chisel... oh, what about That dumb thing? You that thing with Dino? think so...? Pebbles turns, the decision made.
28) 13) dialog: Okay. We're gonna sing a song with Dino. Instantly, on cue, Dino leaps out of nowhere, holding a straw hat and a cane. Wilma and Betty look at each other, skeptical. Bam-Bam reaches into his shirt and takes out a whistle. He blows it --
28) 14) dialog: A one-and-a-two and-a --
38) 40) dialog: Will there be real food there?
41) 10) text: Their smiles become fixed. (Up on the spotlights, the little birds who operate the lights put earplugs in their ears.) In the wings with Pebbles and Bam-Bam, DINO MOANS, hides his head under his paws. On the refreshment table, GLASSES CRACK... a cake falls.
46) 2) dialog: poised in the stances we recognize as the "first positions" of the "Dino Dance." However, whereas the previous version of this was done impromptu and a cappella with only a few primitive props and straw hats alone, this time the kids and Dino are fully costumed, with sequins, batons and the like, and the dance is completely choreographed.
51) 20) text: Fred turns in a semi-circle and puts out every lick of flame in the room. All the guests cheer, rush forward and slap Fred on the back. Pebbles jumps up on him and kisses him.
52) 26) text: Figures on one of the islands stir: Fred. Barney. Bam-Bam... Pebbles! The platform shudders again. Barney aims the flit gun -- empty! The dads hold on to the kids. It's all they can do.
55) 0) text: WIDEN FROM the mailbox. Fred and family pull up. Dino runs in first, followed by Wilma with Pebbles already asleep on her shoulder. Fred follows, the saber-tooth cat on his heels. Fred stops in the doorway to put a milk bottle on the doorstep, and then puts the cat down beside it. He shuts the door. Quick as a flash, the cat leaps through the side window. Pause. The door opens and the cat puts Fred out, then slams the door! Fred recovers from his shock, tries the door... it's locked!