10) 3) text: as Max pumps her bike through the streets bustling with activity.  A normal day in the city two decades from now. Things have changed by the year 2020, but in subtle ways. The skyline is the same, not transformed by gleaming megastructures.  There are no Jetson flying vehicles glittering among the high-rises.  It is a city frozen in time, stopped dead in the tracks of progress.  But it is from a deserted place.  On the contrary, the streets are alive than ever. Max bunny-hops a curb, side-skids around a tight corner a barrels down a split-lane between a bunch of sluggishly moving cars, mostly older models from around the turn of century, the last time people could afford to buy anythin They are primered and held together with tape and wire. of them have been retrofitted with alcohol fuel tanks.  A these beaters run the micromini commuter cars which came later-- little plastic pieces of crap which look almost l kids' toys, powered by motorcycle engines.  There are delivery boys on scooters, and big, new, hybrid-powered S with class-2 armor and tinted windows driven by gangsters their street muscle.  As always, gangsters are the only o prospering in hard times. A lot of people use bicycles as their primary form of transportation-- housewives, secretaries, businessmen.  T bike messengers, like Max, hate them more than the cars, because they clog the sidewalks and lanes between traffic with their slow wobbling. At major intersections, National Guard armored personnel carriers and Humvees squat ominously.  There are checkpoi throughout the city, with sand-bagged guard stations.  Th bored-looking soldiers stand around smoking, their assaul rifles slung casually.  They flirt with secretaries on th way to work, and talk to passing school kids.  Occasional they pull a car out of the line and shake the driver down going through the trunk and pulling his possessions out o the sidewalk.  It's bullshit, third-world martial law gon stale.  A way of life.  Just part of the landscape. Max brakes to a stop at a sand-bagged checkpoint.  She flashes the plastic ID clipped to her vest to a YOUNG SOLDIER, along with a too-big smile.
91) 0) text: A limo pulls up to the gate of an extravagant, faded Victorian manor.  The window goes down and the STEROID CA standing guard addresses the DRIVER.
91) 1) dialog: Mayor Steckler to see Mister Sonrisa. The guard shines a flashlight into the limousine, looks inside warily at MAYOR LEOPOLD STECKLER, who squints into blinding beam of light.  After a beat--