35) 0) text: Max slips through the door quietly, but suddenly stops. only by a nightlight, a woman is lying on a bed with a yo girl of about 10, having just tucked her into bed.  This LAUREN BRAGANZA and her daughter SOPHY.  Lauren looks up, locking eyes with Max.
35) 1) dialog: Oh my God!  In here!  IN HERE!
38) 0) text: Lauren grabs a lamp and hurls it with all her strength at Max. In SLOW MOTION the lamp tumbles end over end.  The guard flings open the door, sweeping his gun toward Max, all in SLOW MOTION...except Max, who is moving much faster, thou normal to our eye, whereas everyone and everything else appears as if underwater. Max easily ducks the lamp, which is just shattering again the wall as the guard takes aim with a two-handed grip. room goes dark as the lightbulb explodes. Max moves sideways before the guard can pull the trigger. BLAM!  The room strobes with the shot but the bullet goes where Max was, not where she is now...halfway to the guar moving like a freight train. BLAM!  A second shot...but Max has seen the intention and jinked again.  The bullet carves the air next to her.  Sh reaches the guy and gets a hand on the gun, yanking it do and around in a sweeping roundhouse which twists it out o his hand. This guy is big, 6'3" and 250 lbs., mostly muscle, except that paunch.  Max follows through with a footsweep takedo and drops onto the guy hard with his arm twisted behind h back. Max unloads the pistol, sliding out the magazine and jack out the chambered round.  She throws the gun one way and mag the other. BACK TO NORMAL SPEED, the guard struggles to move but Max drops onto him knee first again, knocking the wind out of for awhile.  Max looks up at the terrified mother and the crying little girl.
39) 3) dialog: We're alright.
69) 0) text: Lauren sits on the bed reading "Goodnight Moon" to Sophy.
69) 1) dialog: Goodnight Bears.  Goodnight chairs. Goodnight kittens.  Goodnight mittens. Goodnight clocks.  And goodnight socks. Goodnight little house.  And goodnight--
69) 3) dialog: I know, Honey, but just think how exiting it will be-- new house, new school, new friends--
69) 5) dialog: Because we can't.  There's nothing here for us anymore.
69) 7) dialog: No...
69) 9) dialog: What makes you cry?
69) 11) dialog: Pretty much the same reasons I was crying.  But things will be better when we move to a new place.
89) 0) text: Max negotiates the darkness, her back against the wall. Suddenly, a figure lunges at her.  Max ducks, catches the assailant by the throat, pinning him to the wall, about t deliver a cranium crack with the vase when she recognizes Lauren.
89) 2) dialog: They took my daughter.
89) 4) dialog: I couldn't get to her.  It all happened so fast.  Logan had her, and I saw him fall...then Peter told me to run.  And then he...and I remember so clearly, thinking it's me they want.  If I run, maybe they'll come after me.  Maybe they won't think about her... So I ran... Lauren dissolves in tears.  After a beat--
89) 7) dialog: Can you help me get her back?
90) 0) text: Back at the computer console.  Max indicates to Lauren th mug shot on the screen.
90) 2) dialog: If I give myself up in exchange for Sophy, would you make sure she's okay?
90) 4) dialog: What else can we do?
97) 36) dialog: Hello...
99) 0) text: Lauren paces, overwrought, talking on a cell phone.
99) 1) dialog: Sophy?  Are you okay?
99) 3) dialog: Don't worry, I'm coming to get you.
99) 5) dialog: Soon, baby.
99) 7) dialog: There's nothing to be afraid of. Everything's going to be alright.
100) 1) dialog: I love y-- DIAL TONE.  Sonrisa takes the money from Bruno and puts i front of Max, but he rests his hands on top of it.
126) 3) dialog: Sophy... From a remove that is both emotional and physical, Max watches as the mother scoops her child up into her arms a just holds her, tears streaming down her face.  After a l moment, Lauren looks over to Max, offering a simple--
126) 4) dialog: Thank you... But Max has taken off down the street, popping a wheelie a block or so before she disappears into the night.  Off Lauren and Sophy as we--