31) 1) text: A man sitting at a bank of computer monitors, half a doze screens, racks of computer gear and peripherals of all descriptions.  The room is dark, excepts for the glow of screens and power lights winking on the equipment.  Hapha heaps of papers, photos, files, and printouts are piled everywhere on expensive antique tables and couches.  The LOGAN CALE, is speaking directly into a video camera.
31) 2) dialog: Eyes Only cannot be bought or threatened. And through the Eyes Only informant net, a truth-speaker has come forward. Max can't see Logan's face directly because his back is turned, but she can see him in one of the monitors--
31) 4) dialog: The testimony of one fearless witness will soon lead to an indictment of Edgar Sonrisa for multiple counts of murder. Max registers surprise as she realizes who this guy is-- pirate cyber-journalist "Eyes Only," in the flesh.
31) 5) dialog: (on video) The drug cortodiazapine is expensive, in short supply and much sought after as a cancer treatment.  It is shipped to veterans' clinics to treat the Balkan War Syndrome, a disease which is otherwise fatal. Logan scrolls back through the video he has just digitize and hits a key command which processes the image through masking filter.  Pixelation blurs the contours of his fac leaving only the intense eyes clear.  He watches it to ch that the effect is complete.
31) 6) dialog: (on video) Sonrisa has been replacing the federal drug shipments with sugar pills, selling the real cortodiazapine on the Canadian black market for two thousand dollars a bottle.  What fuels the demand?  The belief that cortodiazapine could slow the effects of aging when taken in large doses. Max backs out the door and stops as she sees something. table just inside the room, is a statue, an Egypto-deco affair of gold and onyx depicting a creature half-female, half-cat.  It's illuminated from above by a single pin-po of light.  Max just looks at it, utterly transfixed.
31) 7) dialog: (on video) There is no hard scientific evidence to support these claims.  But that doesn't stop Edgar Sonrisa from peddling this drug to the few wealthy, privileged foreigners who can afford to pay any price for vanity's sake. Seeing Logan's engrossed in his work, Max moves toward th statue, snags it and backs out of the room.
31) 8) dialog: (on video) Edgar Sonrisa gets richer while combat vets exposed to the genetically- engineered bio-war agents go untreated. All over this city, they are repaid for defending this country by being allowed to waste away and die...a slow, agonizing death...
36) 0) text: Logan hears the cries, shoves aside a pile of papers and grabs a pump shotgun.  He chambers a round.
39) 0) text: Max sprints down the hall.  Suddenly, Logan appears in fr of her with the shotgun leveled at her.  It has a built-i mini-xenon light and it is blinding her nightvision, maki it hard to see exactly where he is aiming.  She is at a momentary disadvantage.
39) 1) dialog: Put it down. Max sets her bag gently on the floor.  Logan calls to Lauren--
39) 2) dialog: (eyes riveted on Max) Lauren...are you okay?
39) 4) dialog: (to the guard) Peter...
39) 6) dialog: You're a thief?
39) 8) dialog: (relieved, even amused) Thank God.
39) 10) dialog: I was expecting someone else.
39) 12) dialog: You're lucky.  I almost pulled the trigger. Lauren is hanging back in the bedroom doorway with her cr daughter.
39) 14) dialog: We're just a little tense right now... (to Lauren) It's okay. They withdraw, then to Max re: the statue--
39) 15) dialog: You have good taste.  French, 1920's, attributed to Chitarus.
39) 17) dialog: So, what, you liked it because it was shiny?
39) 19) dialog: Who is...
39) 21) dialog: Stay back, Peter. Too late.  Max moves like lightning, grabbing Peter's wri as he reaches for her, yanking him off balance and gettin him in a sharply painful come-along hold with one hand be up behind his back.  Max has maneuvered him between her a the shotgun, trumping Logan's hold over her.
40) 0) text: K-WHAM!  The doors are blasted open and a phalanx of heav armed rent-a-cops spill inside, their flashlights sweepin the apartment. SLOW MOTION as they raise their weapons toward Max. But Max is moving like grease lightning, as she bolts awa from Peter, who finds himself suddenly handcuffed to a he wrought-iron table. SLO-MO as the security squad, moving like they are submer try to track her.  She runs like a black blur.  Logan yel for them to stop, his words distended--
40) 1) dialog: Nooo!  Waaaiiit! Max crosses her arms over her face and hits the window at full run.  The glass explodes outwards in a diamond showe Max disappears into the night, like she was never there. cops don't even get a shot off. REAL TIME as Logan runs to the window and looks down--
49) 0) text: At his computer console, Logan fast-forwards through a vi surveillance tape from the previous day, freezing on Max she approaches the adjacent building with a delivery.  He blows up the image until Max's face fills the screen, her eyes looking right into the surveillance camera, right at him.  He studies the picture for a long contemplative mom Peter enters in b.g., looks over at his boss.
49) 3) dialog: If I'd just gotten my ass kicked by a size five, I might be inclined to mind my own business. Off which--
52) 0) text: Logan enters, looks around at the motley assortment of messengers, then crosses to the dispatch counter where No barks out an order.
52) 2) dialog: (to Normal) I'm looking for a lady who works here.
52) 4) dialog: Know where I can find her?
52) 6) dialog: But she does work here?
52) 8) dialog: I need to talk to her.
52) 10) dialog: How 'bout her name and address? Normal eyes the money, then pockets it.
52) 12) dialog: Any idea when she'll be back?
52) 14) dialog: I'll wait. Logan plunks himself down in a chair to wait.  Normal see he's determined, then--
53) 16) dialog: We didn't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night. By way of introduction, without taking her eyes off Logan
53) 18) dialog: Logan Cale.
53) 21) dialog: Can we go somewhere and talk? Sensing that it's time to make herself scarce, Original C looks at her watch--
53) 24) dialog: The one you're wearing? Finally, Max breaks their gaze, looks down, sees she's in fact wearing it.
54) 0) text: Max and Logan walk in silence for a moment, an easy affin between them.  After a moment--
54) 2) dialog: Wasn't that hard.
54) 4) dialog: Now you know who I am, where I live.  I figured I better find out who I'm dealing with in case you were looking to hurt me.
54) 6) dialog: Too early to tell.
54) 8) dialog: Lauren's not my wife.
54) 10) dialog: One of my sources.  Her husband was murdered by Edgar Sonrisa.
54) 12) dialog: Fortunately, my needs are met in that department.
54) 14) dialog: Look around at all this... (gesturing at the city around them) Built by people who got up every morning and worked hard trying to make a better life.  Then the bomb happened and everyone got scared.  They blinked and before they knew it they'd given away the store to a bunch of thugs who were happy to take it off their hands.  Overnight the government, the police, everything intended to protect the people had been turned against them.
54) 16) dialog: People had a choice, even if they took it for granted.  And now they don't.
54) 18) dialog: Something.
54) 20) dialog: You accept the way things are, you're an active participant in making it worse.
54) 22) dialog: Yeah... They walk in silence for a beat, then--
54) 23) dialog: That was a pretty extraordinary display of athleticism the other night.  In fact, a little too extraordinary.  You wanna tell me how-- But he looks up at her and she's gone.  As the CAMERA pul back, Logan is all alone on an empty street, looking for who seems to have vanished into thin air.
67) 0) text: Logan, standing in the dining room, just lighting a candl the long table.  There are two place settings.  He looks her, then blows out the match.
67) 1) dialog: Ever notice how cats always seem to turn up around dinner time?
67) 3) dialog: I'm not a half bad cook. The tastefully arrayed table suggests this is an understatement.
67) 5) dialog: It was open.
67) 7) dialog: Me?  You're the one who tried to rip off this piece.
67) 9) dialog: Bent?
67) 11) dialog: You make it sound I pawed through your priceless collection of underwear.
67) 13) dialog: So saw my hands off, I left you a present.
67) 15) dialog: That would be appropriate, yes.
67) 17) dialog: You're that nervous, you're welcome to stay here. Max feigns complete revulsion at the thought as Peter the security guard enters in a rush, drawing his gun menacing some ace wrapping on his wrist and a bandage on the bridg his nose.
67) 19) dialog: It's alright, Peter, we're fine.
67) 22) dialog: Noted... Peter, do me a favor and look in on Lauren and Sophy. Peter grudgingly exits and Max causally circles the table She idly kicks the plywood which has been fastened over t window she broke last time she was here.
67) 23) dialog: Look, if I made you nervous or uncomfortable or creeped you out--
67) 25) dialog: I'm sorry.  It wasn't my intention.  But I had to see you.
67) 27) dialog: I haven't been able to get you off my mind.
67) 29) dialog: C'mere, I want to show you something. Putting a hand on each shoulder, he steers her over to an ornate mirror hanging above the sideboard.
67) 31) dialog: No, I meant this. He points to her reflection in the mirror.
67) 32) dialog: Probably the most singularly beautiful face I've ever seen. Max is caught off guard, even a little embarrassed.
67) 34) dialog: Only when I meet someone I have to know everything about. He brushes the air off the nape of her neck and leans in. Max doesn't resist.
67) 36) dialog: And now I think I know pretty much everything. He abruptly pulls away, leaving Max standing there confus by the interruption.
67) 37) dialog: Suppose I could help you locate the other ones.
67) 39) dialog: The other one like you...
67) 41) dialog: C'mon, Max.  First I watch you dive headfirst out the window fifteen stories up like you're Rocky the flying squirrel. Then, I found this in your apartment. He pulls a vial of pills out of his pocket.  Max register outrage.
67) 42) dialog: L-Triptophane...a neurotransmitter sometimes used in homeopathy to control seizures.  Then the lightbulb went off.
68) 0) text: Max follows as Logan begins typing information on the computer keyboard.
68) 1) dialog: I got an anonymous report a couple years ago from a guy who says he was a lab tech at a covert genetics lab in the Wyoming mountains... A file labeled MANTICORE fills the computer screen.
68) 3) dialog: He was working on something called Project Manticore, which was using recombinant DNA to produce a superior human...a warrior...an advanced infantry soldier.
68) 5) dialog: The bar code on your neck, Max.  I know who you are and I know who you're running from. The revelation freezes Max in her tracks.  After a beat, suddenly bolts but Logan catches her, looks into her face
68) 6) dialog: There were a couple of dozen of these transgenic kids.  And in oh-nine, a few months before the pulse, six of them escaped. The struggle goes out of her when she hears this.
68) 8) dialog: You're one of those kids, Max. Off which--
70) 0) text: Logan listens as Max relates the specifics of her history
70) 2) dialog: How well do you remember the lab?
70) 4) dialog: How much do you know?
70) 6) dialog: The technical term for you is "chimera"...
70) 8) dialog: A girl.
70) 10) dialog: Hardly... Max acknowledges the compliment with a brief glance, then looks out the window at the city lights.
70) 12) dialog: Like extra virgin olive oil, the best of the best.
70) 14) dialog: I need to find this technician, or anyone else who knows about Project Manticore. They would've used surrogate mothers to carry you after the in-vitro work... If I can track down one of them.
70) 16) dialog: Your help.
70) 18) dialog: The woman you met, Lauren.  She supervised workers removing cortodiazapine from gel caps by hand and replacing it with powdered sugar.  The real drug was shipped out of the country. The placebos were distributed to County VA Hospital and six veterans' clinics in the area.
70) 20) dialog: She's prepared to testify that she was instructed to do this by one of Edgar Sonrisa's managers.  You know who Sonrisa is?
70) 22) dialog: So, you know the lengths he'll go to keep her from going public... I'm turning Lauren over to Canadian law enforcement tomorrow.  They'll put her in witness protection, but if you're with her the risk of her safety goes way down.
70) 24) dialog: She's put her life on the line, and her faith in me.
70) 27) dialog: You're a soldier, Max.  That's what you were put here for.  But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up.
84) 0) text: She approached a bed where Logan lies unconscious, hooked to monitors, bandaged, I.V.'s running, etc.  Max just loo at him a beat, a dispassionate expression on her face, th without emotion--
84) 6) text: In her NIGHT VISION she sees a figure moving furtively on roof across the street.  She watches as the figure remove rifle from its case, then screws on a scope.  She can mak out the features of a not unattractive man in his late 20 Max turns away, then nonchalantly walks over to Logan's b and begins to maneuver it toward the door.
86) 0) text: Max wheels in the gurney, positions it where Logan's bed been, then quickly scoots back out into--
88) 0) text: Dark.  Empty.  Then a SOUND as Max navigates through the darkness to Logan's computer console-- command central fo his information network. Max takes a seat, logs on, accessing Logan's myriad data files.
128) 0) text: Logan in a wheelchair at his computer console, as he fini pixelating his next computer hack to obscure his identity
128) 1) dialog: This has been a Video Free America bulletin via the Eyes Only Informant Net... Peace. He senses something and turns his wheelchair to see Max.
128) 3) dialog: Somebody's got to. He just looks at her, then after a beat--
128) 5) dialog: Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord.
128) 7) dialog: My mother used to say the universe is right on schedule.  Everything happens like it's supposed to.
128) 9) dialog: I've never been much for trying to understand why bad things happen, I just know they do.  So the job's to figure out how to deal with the consequences.  Which you did... You took that sonuvabitch out.
128) 11) dialog: On accounta you, Sonrisa didn't get to buy off the jury, or kill the judge. He's gone.  Once and for all.  It was war, Max, and you won.
128) 14) dialog: Open it. She opens the box, pulls out the Egyptian statue.
128) 15) dialog: It turned up on the black market.  One of my sources thought I might be interested.
128) 17) dialog: Deeds, not words.  I need your help. As he wheels himself over to his computer--
128) 18) dialog: Forty-seven people drowned last night off the coast of Vancouver after paying smugglers twenty thousand apiece to get into Canada so they could get work in order to eat.  Only they got marched overboard at gunpoint instead.
128) 20) dialog: These girls, kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder.  The oldest is twelve.  The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped.
128) 22) dialog: You are involved.  By being alive you're involved.
128) 24) dialog: Maybe we got screwed outta living in a time when we could sit in a cafe, sipping our lattes wearing two thousand dollar wrist watches while we plan our next vacation.  But the world got a whole lot meaner all of a sudden.  Wasn't s'posed to, but it did.  And it's back to the law of the jungle.  You got your predators and you got your victims.
128) 26) dialog: With your help.
128) 28) dialog: And whether you want to believe it or not, you already fired the first shot. (then) On another matter, Federal Corrections used to keep records on distinguishing marks-- scars, tattoos.  I did a search and came up with this. He hands her a picture of a bar-code on a man's neck.  Th mug shot--
128) 30) dialog: That was taken nine years ago... I.D.'d as Michael Hanover.  Sentenced to 18 months in the state penn at Rawlins, Wyoming for armed robbery.  He escaped from custody after 4 days.  Hasn't been seen or heard from since.