0) 1) dialog: Just one sec, please, one sec, please. The airplane revs its engines. Farhan hangs up, looking disturbed. He tries to catch the attention of the Air hostess.
0) 2) dialog: Excuse me. The plane races down the runway. Farhan appears to be in acute physical discomfort as the plane takes off.
0) 3) dialog: Hello... Yes?
0) 4) dialog: ‘What?
0) 13) dialog: Hold on!
0) 14) dialog: I'm fine now, thanks. Carry on, please. I will go.
0) 15) dialog: Get the cab yaar! gait fi. faethe wer wal, art get ee pears are at at frat are mat INT. CAB / EXT. DELHI ROADS —
0) 17) text: INT. RAJU’S NEW HOUSE / CAB — DAY The screen of RAJU’s phone, on his bedside table, illuminates with Farhan’s call. Raju (30s) peeps out from under the bedsheet, grabs the phone, looks at it and answers it. ae wert a sett agree at Foote fae F ae ger Wed WT EI 26
0) 19) dialog: Want the name tattooed? Get the car fast man!
0) 21) dialog: Yes, yes, but via Vasant Vihar.
0) 22) dialog: Step on the gas, dude!
0) 24) dialog: Get ready. I'll pick you up in five minutes. mH (sleepily) aa Sa ae? wert ade ar wrt ar fara fer? wy aM AER?
0) 29) dialog: Chatur called. Remember him?
0) 31) dialog: Yeah. He said Rancho is coming.
0) 33) dialog: He said: If you want to meet Rancho come to the campus at 8. On the tank.
0) 34) dialog: Hurry!
0) 45) text: site efafraftt a a1 seat (with resignation) ah Atl Raju shakes out his shoes, peering into them. wT (disappointed) pert (amused) I aes St aa we wer ze, ad Aa te - re Af ge vat 21 Startled, Raju looks down at his bare legs. wh sire aa! Farhan chuckles.
1) 2) dialog: Yes,but via Imperial College of Engineering.
1) 5) dialog: More than just your socks. Your pants.
1) 7) dialog: Now get my brother from the airport. Same last name — Dhillon.
1) 9) dialog: Hey Rancho.
1) 11) dialog: Where's Rancho? Chatur types something on his fancy phone. The electronic English to Hindi dictionary shows the translation LIQUOR = MADIERA' on the phone screen.
1) 20) text: aa ey wii fear wer % a aa? age aa 1a? Chatur’s fingers glide over his phone again. A date appears on screen: 5th September. at we wa &? (looks at the phone) ofa fraaz art At Se) aie var are? Chatur pushes through them and shuffles up to the dome-like structure in the centre of the terrace. He wipes the fungus off a portion of the wall, to reveal a date chiselled into it — SEPT 5. Farhan and Raju look on, baffled. 32
1) 21) dialog: Why'te you showing us all this?
1) 31) dialog: Jackass! I aborted a flight, he forgot his pants all to meet Rancho. Five years we've searched. Don’t even know if he’s alive. And you think he'll show up for your silly bet.
1) 35) dialog: You gonna break his jaw or should [2
1) 40) dialog: Where? Free as the wind was he Like a soaring kite was he Where did he go ... lets find him Free as the wind was he Like a soaring kite was he Area, weReraT, eA F aerar ar ar ea at wet at Pes aad a TH MT BT HT FATA a we a ga & fra a at wer 8 aay ar at gee ean fer ar arid oT F ote & sar reat 7 ae & sar we & ar t were Far ar ar eT wet aH ved Ee qe aea tate aPATAT oe rr ae & Rat ar ar qed aa aT at ae BATT a at Chatur’s SUV is cruising along on the beautiful road leading up to Shimla. INT. SUV — CONTINUOUS Chatur is at the wheel. Farhan sits next to him, in the front. Raju, still without pants, sits in the backseat. Farhan looks out of the window and reminisces. 35 Where did he go ... lets find him We were led by the path we took While he carved a path of his own Stumbling, rising, carefree walked he We fretted about the morrow He simply revelled in today Living each moment to the fullest Where did he come from ... He who touched our hearts and vanished ... Where did he go ... lets find him In scorching Sun, he was like a patch of shade ... In an endless desert, like an oasis ... On a bruised heart, like soothing balm was he Afraid, we stayed confined in the well Fearless, he frolicked in the river Never hesitating to swim against the tide He wandered lonesome as a cloud . Yet he was our dearest friend Where did he go ... lets find him wert wat | wrersera earrerera ores | Saar am do gam 4 a ga of aep wp te 8, aa él ariey aT ar Te The SUV enters a tunnel and the screen goes black.
1) 45) dialog: Rancho. Ranchhoddas Shamaldas Chanchad. He was as unique as his name. From birth we were taught — life is a race. Run fast or you'll be trampled.
1) 46) dialog: Even to be born, one had to race 300 million sperms.
1) 47) dialog: 1978. I was born at 5.15 pm.
1) 48) dialog: At 5.16, my father announced ... FARHAN’S FATHER My son will be an engineer. FARHAN’S AUNTY Farhan Qureshi. B.Tech. Engineer. An Imperial College of Engineering identity card, with Farhan’s photograph on it, is stamped.
1) 49) dialog: And my fate was sealed.
2) 0) text: ENGINEERING — DAY From the stamp on the card, dissolve to the ICE logo outside the ICE campus where Farhan stands facing it. It’s ten years back. He has a suitcase in one hand, a holdall in another, a rucksack on his back and a pillow tucked under his arm. wR (V.O.) gar aaa creat at, aren feet 7 ger aw Te! Farhan walks into the college.
3) 4) dialog: ‘What I wanted to be ... no one asked.
3) 5) dialog: Raju Rastogi, Ranchhoddas Chanchad. Prefer eH aeae seit | A startled Farhan turns to face him.
3) 6) dialog: 
3) 11) dialog: Hey wait, hold this.
4) 4) dialog: Hi. Farhan Qureshi,
4) 10) dialog: Here's five. Keep the change.
4) 16) dialog: A campus tradition — on Day 1. Freshmen must pay their respects to seniors in their underwear. This is when we first saw Rancho.
4) 31) dialog: What did he say?
4) 52) dialog: Salt water is a great conductor of electricity. 8th-grade-physics. We had studied it. He applied it.
4) 53) dialog: Dr. Viru Sahastrabuddhe was the Director of ICE. Students called him Virus, computer Virus.
4) 58) dialog: Virus was the most competitive man we had ever seen. The Director pedals harder to get ahead of the peon.
4) 63) dialog: He couldn't bear anyone getting ahead of him.
4) 64) dialog: To save time, his shirts had Velcro and his ties had hooks.
4) 65) dialog: He'd trained his mind to write with both hands simultaneously. the room. The Director’s man-Friday, GOVIND, shaves him as he naps. wert (V.O.) al sagas & fe a oeysfaes arr ara fae 4 fea oa
5) 3) dialog: Everyday at 2 pm he took a 7% minute power nap with an operaas lullaby. Govind, his valet, had instructions to carry out all unproductive tasks such as shaving, nail- cutting, etc. during this time.
6) 11) dialog: Raju, what are you doing!
6) 19) dialog: He was different... He challenged conventions at every stage. A free-spirited bird had landed in Virus's nest. We were robots, blindly following our professors’ commands. He was the only one who was not a machine. it veda at, sayy 4 area at fe saitat atta F og art zat dar S| set HoT aT ete ATI sitar stare Taken aback, Rancho stops smiling. diet, agit or safer dei |
7) 4) dialog: Professors kept Rancho mostly out. ... Seldom in, when thrown out of one class, he'd slip into another. He said — “First year or fourth year, it’s knowledge. Just grab it.” He was unlike any of us. We fought for a shower every morning. He'd bathe wherever he found water. wt (V.O.) agit @ sea ws ati Ga FH wmgrae eh FAA ar sit Asha fees, Sa ret car ari ae de art ai, ae atl
8) 2) dialog: Machines were his passion. When he spotted them, he opened them. Some he could re-assemble ... some he couldn't.
8) 3) dialog: There was another, just like him, Joy Lobo.
9) 5) dialog: But Virus said it’s an impractical design, it won't fly.
9) 11) dialog: New words of wisdom from his Holiness Guru Ranchhoddas.
9) 17) text: eprreyy Ft et Ta aT we at foe at Prev ae ate at Pee at Rear ae The chicken’s clueless about the ege’s fate Will it hatch or become an omelette No one knows what the future holds So let your lips roll And whistle away the toll Whistle away the toll Yell — Aal izz Well ... Hey bro — Aal ize, Well Hey mate — Aal ize, Well Hey bro — Aal ize, Well Confusion and more confusion No sign of any solution Ah... finally a solution But wait ... what was the question? If the timid heart with fear is about to die Then con it bro, with this simple lie Hearts an idiot, it will fall under that spell Let your lips roll And whistle away the toll Whistle away the toll Yell — Aal izz, Well Hey bro — Aal ize, Well Hey mate — Aal ize, Well Hey bro — Aal ize, Well Blew the scholarship on booze But that did not dispel my blues Holy incense lit up my plight And yet God’ nowhere in sight aier yer ar area era arr ae Tar ae va & ater asa Working on Joy's helicopter in the spare time he gets, Rancho is still unable to make it fly. In the midst of revelry with his friends, he hits upon the solution. Year In the hostel corridor stand, Farhan, Raju and Millimeter. Next to Rancho who operates a remote designed for the helicopter. The helicopter starts to fly. Ecstatic, the friends follow it, navigating. Other students join them, the excitement spreading, until a huge crowd stands outside Joy’s block.
9) 20) dialog: Hey, take it up to Joy’s window. a oa wert
9) 24) dialog: Take it higher.
9) 27) dialog: Hey Joy, come to the window.
11) 12) text: w Farhan gives an involuntary laugh. 78
11) 34) dialog: Virus’ letters dropped on our homes like atom bombs. Hiroshima and Nagasaki plunged into gloom. Our parents invited us for a dressing down. FARHAN’S FATHER Come in. See that? We could afford just one air-conditioner We put it in Farhan’s room, so he could study in comfort. I didn’t buy a car. I managed with a scooter. We put all our money into Farhan’s education. We sacrificed our comforts for Farhan’s future. Understand? wer & fait aie Sb ae wa aT ta aa at fafive area 4, dt aa omy ora wT fe ye we var att wt arti?
11) 38) text: FARHAN’S FATHER And after that when I get such a letter from the Principal, can you imagine how I must have felt?
11) 40) dialog: 
11) 45) dialog: C'mon, let’s eat FARHAN’S FATHER If you ever visit again, do eat with us.
11) 46) dialog: Dad denied us a meal ... So, to fill our bellies with food ... and ears with more reprimands, we reached Raju’s house. housing sector of the city. Inside the house, his paralysed father occupies the only bed. At the cooking stove, his Mother coughs incessantly. And his sister, KAMMO, sits at the window, staring at nothing. The sofa has exposed springs and a strategically placed bowl catches the water leaking from the roof,
11) 48) dialog: Raju’s house was straight out of a’50s black and white film. A small, dingy room, a paralysed father, a coughing mother and an unwed sister. A sofa sprouting springs and a 24-hour water supply from the leaking roof. His mother was a retired school teacher and a tireless complainer. His father was once a postmaster. Paralysis shut down his body partly — and his salary completely. And the sister ... RAJU’S MOTHER Kammo’s turned 28. They demand a Maruti 800 in dowry. If you don’t study and earn, how will she marry?
11) 54) dialog: No, no, it’s ok, Thank you.
11) 58) dialog: Hey Raju.
11) 59) dialog: We were in a huge dilemma. Do we comfort our friend or console his mom? Screw it, we thought, let’s focus on the cottage cheese. RAJU’S MOTHER Even his eczema cream costs Rs. 55/ now. She continues making rotis with her rolling pin. A hair, fresh off her husband’s eczema- infected chest, gets rolled into the dough. Farhan starts retching. aie wa & ser? Rancho and Farhan decline hurriedly and emphatically.
11) 65) dialog: No, thank you. We're through.
11) 67) dialog: Cauliflower for Rs. 10/.
11) 69) dialog: ‘And your mom is Mother Teresa ... Feeding us ‘eczema roti’! Raju grabs Farhan’s collar. Rancho intervenes. a at ot ch Aare el GT ST! wert aS aT ak WI it UA! GS ae TA aT aa as ae a qa wh & ai wai sex aed &,
11) 72) dialog: Enough, Raju.
11) 74) dialog: I’s month end. Who'll pay? His Mother Teresa?
11) 78) dialog: Come ... EXT. GATE, WEDDING VENUE —
11) 85) dialog: Good evening, good evening.
11) 88) dialog: Half soda, half water.
11) 91) dialog: Get double portions. Instead of picking a snack or two, Rancho relieves the waiter of his entire tray of snacks. aie 4 as 21 oie aie Ga ae ae — a We Tet wT! ‘A pompous, nasal voice carries actoss to them. They look in its direction. And see the flashily dressed SUHAS holds up PIA’s wrist in indignation. Pia’s back is to the boys.
11) 133) dialog: No room for puri.
11) 135) dialog: Ok ...!
11) 148) dialog: Aal izz well ... aal izz well. frat apt ait) st Usaey 21 ca @ at at aa at a a1 setae A aT aet RIT He Me BT? Rancho springs into action. He takes out the white envelope from his pocket. ae... frame 2 ard @ ae, Sat 7) Pia snatches the envelope from Rancho’s hand. fra wat & ah aa ger at amet 2 Reeling from this new blow, Rancho looks from Pia to the Director to the bride on stage. Sie! Tet! a, aTeT eet feath afeat 2 aR? Pia tears open the envelope and holds it up, shaking it out. Nothing comes out. 97
11) 166) dialog: Hmm? a feares fear ar ar qat? Farhan points towards Raju.
11) 171) dialog: T gave it to Raju.
11) 181) dialog: We'll never gate-crash a wedding again..
11) 183) dialog: In fact, I won't even marry. Nor will he.
11) 187) text: Farhan and Raju gape in surprise. The Director wipes out two zeros from the figure. The figure on the board now reads, “250000.” 101
11) 198) dialog: Yes, Sir.
12) 0) text: Rancho, Farhan and Raju sit on commodes in their respective stalls. UT Aa ae) aaa Bae Tey aa wi @ - fags ws aT aT Ha ae wy ord tga afea) cit tea sah aa # &) a Gar ea ay wa 2% Aa, Bra eed oe gf fact Perera
12) 3) dialog: No Sir.
12) 6) dialog: What nonsense are you speaking, Raju? INT. BATHROOM, HOSTEL ICE —
12) 8) text: m Rancho and Farhan break into a laugh. Raju doesn’t appreciate it. ™ at at aa Hae vel, at 104
12) 10) dialog: You're crossing the line ...
12) 13) dialog: Now don’t get your mom's wardrobe into the debate.
12) 16) text: wh fet yeEa 4 gers? aay wesTsey a? Farhan chuckles. Rancho nods, merriment dancing in his eyes. Ww ae ay arr Raju walks away, angrily. Farhan runs after him.
12) 21) dialog: Raju, don’t stress. We'll top our class. Nothing is impossible.
12) 26) dialog: Raju got onto another train. His travails with Chatur began. Yes, I mean travails, not travels.
12) 27) dialog: Chatur was called ‘Silencer’. To sharpen his memory, he popped pills from a local quack. And then let off silent ... but lethal farts.
12) 29) dialog: He always blamed others for the output. EXT. CORRIDOR, HOSTEL, ICE —
12) 32) dialog: Silencer crammed 18 hours a day. On exam eve, he would distract others.
12) 33) dialog: His belief — there are only two ways of topping. Elevate your own grades or lower your opponents’ grades.
12) 34) dialog: Rancho decided to subdue Silencer and rescue Raju ... with one master plan. wa &1 daw HT HaaT ez ... ag naaat vat afer gait Ho qe ae AT ame fat FRET eI Bo atv te Rancho watches, unseen. He turns from them and makes an indication to someone, miming a telephone receiver. wer (V.O.) fat 2 7 ederet ale oy & fae age al Fal Tar at) Sat aaa at a ge fer H fered 1 A phone rings at the library reception, downstairs. aah eet | @t, Jarat EI (looking up at Chatur) Chatur gets up and runs down to take the call. age gait flearse omy wa tac F ond al a aet a, 2 af ar aa ear 108
12) 38) dialog: Chatur was the introductory speaker, at the Teachers’ Day function. To impress Virus, he got his speech written by the in high-brow Hindi. librarian ...
12) 44) dialog: Hello, Mr, Ramalingam? Standing at a spot from where he can see Chatur but Chatur cannot see him, Farhan speaks to him on a cell phone.
12) 56) dialog: I'm calling from the police station. Are you from Uganda?
12) 57) dialog: Your life is in danger.
12) 58) dialog: Listen carefully, or else you'll get killed as soon as you step out of the college gate.
12) 60) dialog: While Chatur was kept engaged, Rancho altered a few words in his speech, for e.g., ‘served’ became ‘screwed’.
13) 7) dialog: Hold on a moment. The chief’s on the other line.
13) 11) text: Farhan stifles his laughter.
13) 21) dialog: Chanchad!
13) 30) text: ou sails & ont ft eet eit The Minister guffaws loudly. ade aY dt ama eter & fe ue ea ort Set arr A seh are BA HT aaa 21 The students, including Rancho, Farhan and Raju, howl in mirth. Encouraged, Chatur continues. set ad ara 4 at om a aifat gaat #1 aad ar aa sual, The Director tries to get up but the Minister, roaring with laughter, holds him back. As Chatur starts on the next line, the Director turns around to Dubey and gives him a murderous look. Dubey frantically tries to mime his innocence. 115
13) 67) dialog: That’s what mindless cramming does to you.
13) 71) dialog: ‘Medium fart is tolerable’... Unbelievable! You're a poet, Rancho. How did you think of this?
13) 82) dialog: So you're here to screw science.
13) 85) text: Chatur lunges in their direction, towards the broken bottle on the ground. He picks up a shard of glass. var a wt I AI Chatur stumbles up to the partly constructed dome-like structure in the centre of the terrace. var ot ae! wert war at ar Seer | With the glass shard, Chatur starts to scratch something into the wall of the dome. Rancho and Farhan watch, mystified. var war fera ter & ae? Chatur finishes writing and turns to the boys, his eyes filled with venom. 122 chase success. Become a good engineer and success will chase you.
13) 89) dialog: What has happened to him?
16) 8) text: a 1 waa 2%, aa Wa? (on seeing Raju) U, AT WH WT... Raju charges up to Rancho and Farhan. 133
16) 22) dialog: Thanking your buddies! Silencer teaching you manners?
17) 12) dialog: But we can’t leave him alone.
18) 10) dialog: He glared at us like we'd asked for both his kidneys.
18) 11) dialog: But we continued writing. He got busy in arranging the answer sheets.
18) 14) text: ae fs, ae! Suddenly Rancho's tone and body language change. ae ay ort & at ae? Unperturbed, the Examiner leans on his desk and looks at Rancho. ae, ay el sat ATH aie Ter FE yar 2? The Examiner is a little disturbed now. Sane ai. aa a gr aT Rancho, holding his own answer sheet, takes Farhan and Raju’s answer sheets from them too. In a sudden move, he jumbles them up with the rest of the answer sheets on the Examiner's desk. (yelling) wel vat 8) AMT, ATT, APT, APT, ATT He dashes out of the classroom, Raju close on his heel. After freezing for a second, Farhan comes to and bolts out 144
18) 15) dialog: Sir, please, Sir!
19) 6) dialog: Today was Results day. Everyone was striking a deal with god ...
19) 13) dialog: 100/ won't bribe even a traffic cop let alone the Almighty. They squeeze their way through the cluster of bodies, Raju finally reaches the notice board, Farhan behind him.
19) 18) dialog: Check from the bottom. Check from the bottom.
19) 20) dialog: And you?
19) 21) dialog: Rancho?
19) 23) dialog: ‘What?
19) 24) text: fet do vari gafaa sé tt ey are 4, we zaferr st eat .. eat aha Ge a va ai Farhan sits on a step, away from everyone. Behind him, Chatur is in an agitated conversation with another student.
19) 27) dialog: My heart sank. Not cause our ranks tanked, but ‘cause our friend flunked.
19) 28) dialog: What's Silencer howling about?
19) 30) dialog: Who's first?
19) 32) dialog: Rancho? Er (incredulously) ale! Farhan jumps up and rushes back to the notice board. He pushes aggressively through the crowd of students. wert ee A. Be AT AR! Farhan’s eyes skim over the list Raju missed before. At the top, at number 1, is the name ‘Ranchhoddas Chanchad’. Farhan and Raju walk away, together, faces morose, eyes downcast. wert (V.O.) eo def & a F oa fer et ae aT seat Sat a a sa aa 21 afer tea we aa at sae ge ear aie arr 3
20) 2) dialog: ‘What?
20) 3) dialog: Move over!
20) 4) dialog: We learned a lesson in Human Behavior: Your friend fails, you feel bad. Your friend tops, you feel worse. We were sad. ‘Two others were sadder. Rancho runs up, bright and sprightly, to sit next to the Director, on his right. Chatur flanks the Director on the left.
21) 6) dialog: Septic tank! Popping pills again?
21) 7) dialog: Raju ... |
21) 8) dialog: This is a familiar stink. wy 81 Ge HS Bre eH ze! Raju rolls down the window and sticks out his head and torso, breathing deeply.
22) 5) dialog: Take Chatur’s suit instead.
22) 6) dialog: Rancho will recognise you even in underwear. 154 Chatur walks up to a chick peas seller and shows him an address on his phone. ac aaa? ade (to Raju) ™ aterat at art & ars Raju hails the chick peas seller again.
22) 8) text: aAaTet a, at get wa 21 Farhan and Raju's faces light up with pride. Chatur looks disgruntled. Farhan and Raju exchange a smile, anticipating the end of their search.
23) 0) text: — MOMENTS LATER Chatur’s SUV enters the gates of Chanchad Bhawan. A series of vehicles line the driveway. In the sprawling lawn is a crowd of people dressed in white. Farhan hurries up the pathway leading to the house. Raju and Chatur follow. Raju flings Chatur's pill box at him. at ade aT a a Sar! Chatur catches it. age (gratefully) cit Seer) wet fer? (indicating his trousers) ate A ari Chatur looks at Raju and sees his trousers on him,
23) 2) dialog: Let's go!
24) 0) text: — CONTINUOUS Farhan rushes through the open doors of the house and stops short. He sees a body laid on the ground, in the hall. People mill around, paying their respects. The mood is somber. Raju and Chatur enter.
24) 2) dialog: Rancho’s father.
24) 7) text: With suppressed excitement, Farhan, Raju and Chatur walk slowly towards the seated Man. Reaching him, Farhan taps his shoulder. The Man turns around ... But it is not Rancho.
24) 10) dialog: Brother, where can Ranchhoddas be found?
24) 12) dialog: Thank you.
24) 13) dialog: Rancho ...
24) 14) dialog: Sorry. We're looking for Ranchhoddas.
24) 15) text: wal, Tress gare BTS | west saa wes F Gt ZI afer? Farhan looks at Raju and Chatur. They are all nonplussed. The Politician rises from his seat. The Man stands up with him. Aa They clasp hands. The Politician leaves with his entourage. The Man starts walking away too, directing a dirty look at Farhan, Raju and Chatur. Unable to comprehend what is happening, Farhan looks around, baffled. Something on the wall catches his eye. It’s a framed ICE degree. Farhan goes closer to the wall. In mounting shock, he reads out the name on the degree. wert comdteert whee’ His gaze travels downward, to the framed photograph below the degree. He pales. Without taking his eyes off the photograph, he beckons Raju. 159
24) 17) dialog: No, I mean ... ‘Ranchhoddas Shamaldas Chanchad’.
24) 20) dialog: ‘Ranchhoddas Chanchad’. Ser wy Raju and Chatur come up beside Farhan to look at the photograph. It’s the group photograph of all of them at ICE. In place of Rancho, however, is the Man they've just met.
24) 23) dialog: Raju!
24) 25) dialog: Same name, same degree, same photo, but a different guy. What's going on?
24) 31) dialog: Good point! Hey Chatur, come here.
25) 0) text: — MOMENTS LATER REAL RANCHO stands before his Father’s portrait, a brass urn with his Father’s ashes in his hand. (choked with emotion) arg ty aft ora) FY arash araéy saat Bat BT Te FAT WTI Farhan, Raju and Chatur walk down a long corridor into the room. They stop at a table covered with urns, a little distance away from Real Rancho. at atl ome wy aT att oT) one as ae dt a as aM... wer (O.S.) (sarcastically) 163
25) 2) dialog: Only one man has can give the answer.
25) 5) dialog: Whar are you saying ... Startled, Real Rancho turns towards them.
25) 8) dialog: You're an engineer. Your degree’s on the wall! You were a very good son.
25) 10) dialog: No, you'll be arrested. We've made enquiries. You use the degree to clinch contracts.
25) 16) dialog: Grab Papa! Here, here.
25) 17) dialog: Here, here!
25) 25) dialog: Whom are you scaring? Fire.
25) 30) dialog: Raju, scatter the ashes.
25) 32) dialog: Take us down, and Papa's going down the drain.
25) 33) dialog: ‘What?
25) 34) dialog: Then grope for him in the gutter.
25) 35) dialog: What is it, Raju? a (in a low voice) vet oer at oa are) a at are q aw an
25) 38) dialog: Empty?
25) 40) dialog: Empty — we'll empty it out!
25) 42) dialog: We'll empty it out
26) 6) dialog: Chhote?
29) 4) dialog: What secret? it, upturns it — to no avail. It’s empty. In panic and anger, he yells after the retreating SUV. fract tar WT... Ta! Just then, an attendant rushes to him with a similar urn in his hands. 330 at sat 2) EXT. ROADS — MOMENTS LATER From the backseat of the SUV, an anxious Chatur pesters Farhan and Raju. ude ¢ aa sy eT oa? ao ae ares eH 8? Raju is at the wheel. Farhan is sitting next to him. mH aaeded H 1 a a aa ae omer
29) 10) dialog: Ignore it.
29) 12) dialog: Ladakh.
29) 17) text: A clothes peg holds a notepad dangling from the rear view mirror of the SUV. Raju pulls it off and clips it onto his nose, as Farhan plugs cotton into his ears, both shutting out Chatur. 174
29) 18) dialog: To meet Rancho.
29) 20) dialog: No clue. We have the address of a school.
29) 23) text: % fee AA ar) SA AT AMS HT Se ATI al we at BT aT! The SUV travels through stunning landscapes. Farhan looks out of the window, remembering,
29) 27) dialog: Today my respect for that idiot shot up. Most of us went to college just for a degree. No degree meant no plum job, no pretty wife ... no credit card, no social status. None of this mattered to him. He was in college for the joy of learning. He never cared if he was first or last.
29) 35) text: . SR Tweet Hove et aah a er a ae .. ot vari ofa... wet or? Chatur and a few other students snigger. Settee (sarcastically) aft ye aaa? oie me 2 fh aa a aaa som FI Farhan raises his hand.
29) 53) dialog: He screwed us! In front of everyone.
29) 57) dialog: You shut up. You're in the centre of the photo every year. We're rotting in the qa & aa Aree F ge } Get Pasay &, em aie ard Bes H BS w Ae Z, a! a a b al, i wife 9a ait a are 2) sfafrattr ar do 2, Yr) ar Gert gar & aan 2? Rancho grabs Farhan's rucksack from next to him.
29) 60) dialog: Why? RANCHO. Because I love machines. Engineering is my passion. Know your passion?
29) 61) dialog: That's my bag.
29) 63) dialog: What are you up to?
29) 64) dialog: Hey!
29) 66) dialog: Istvan. art feat aed at at aft oy are faze eee B se A sae Heh a cee Raju sips his rum and chuckles appreciatively at the nickname. atl at arr ee frat ar tare 31 A beat. fe | wre ae a oT, at afer decree oT, at ara st at wet ed?
29) 69) dialog: Hey!
29) 77) dialog: Explain,
29) 80) dialog: You live in both — fear and pretense. seh 1 Y sear wate!
29) 85) dialog: Listen, he loves Pia but is scared to tell her ...
29) 92) dialog: Listen, if you confess to Pia. I'll tell & -— ome g fear at amet fer a art ar ater at at Fo or Se gear A a The words of his friends seem to have set wheels in motion in Rancho’s mind. mh a aan et ater ae, ater sar! Rancho gets on his feet. He descends a few steps unsteadily. Yat ad! Farhan and Raju don’t move from where they are. Rancho takes a gulp of his drink, almost as if he is gathering courage. Yat ad! His friends finally pay attention. 184 Dad — No engineering, ’'m marrying photography.
29) 94) dialog: Yes!
29) 96) dialog: Have the guts?
29) 100) text: fenere? mH wet? Rancho descends a few more steps. A reckless smile comes onto his face. Yat ae | mH wel? EXT. GATE, DIRECTOR’S HOUSE, ICE — MOMENTS LATER The Director's house is in darkness except for the florescent lamps lighting the driveway. The nameplate at the gate reads ‘Viru Sahastrabuddhe’. Farhan falls on the nameplate.
29) 103) dialog: ‘Where?
29) 107) dialog: Hey Virus! P'm anti-Virus.
30) 0) text: ICE — CONTINUOUS Rancho and Raju steal through the garden to a trellis grill attached to a wall of the house. They start climbing the grill. EXT. GATE, DIRECTOR’S HOUSE, ICE — CONTINUOUS Farhan attacks the Director’s nameplate with a rock.
31) 0) text: ICE — CONTINUOUS Rancho and Raju have climbed the trellis and reached the top of the wall. EXT. GATE, DIRECTOR’S HOUSE, ICE — CONTINUOUS Farhan has gouged out key alphabets from the Director’s nameplate. The nameplate now reads ‘Viru § buddhe’. 186
31) 1) dialog: If there is any danger, I'll give the Virus alert.
31) 5) dialog: Beware — Virus inside.
31) 48) dialog: Aal...
31) 49) dialog: .. izz well!
32) 1) dialog: You sent hate-mail to Dad, here's pee- mail for you!
32) 5) dialog: Not on me buddy!
32) 8) dialog: Your future son-in-law.
33) 13) text: aoa oo ca a ae aa safe ter fer wer & aR... a Fa TA He W Bl? Farhan and Rancho tug at Raju, trying to get him to shut up. Brstaet wa EE a A?
33) 18) dialog: Hasn't slept for two nights, that’s why he looks scruffy.
34) 0) text: — MOMENTS LATER Rancho, his clothes smeared with blood, races through the traffic on Pia’s scooter, making way for the ambulance behind him. Inside the ambulance, a distraught Pia and Farhan sit with the unconscious Raju, willing him to hold on.
34) 2) text: A) Raju is wheeled in on a stretcher. The Medical Staff, Rancho, Farhan and Pia all running alongside the stretcher. B) Doctors operate on Raju. We won't let go of you Were not done yet... no way The heavens may beckon you But welll take up arms against God And its not a fight we intend to lose C) Rancho and Farhan, in blood-stained clothes, crying and anxious, wait outside in the corridor.
34) 8) text: aa tar | Rancho listens to Pia intently. Suddenly something flashes in his eyes. He walks up to Raju’s bed. (excitedly) aime ay, 7S Te ay a aa aH amd ai a ot ca at, aT ar be Tz | Pia, Farhan and Raju’s Mother look at Rancho, puzzled. Rajuts POV: Rancho's distorted image covers the screen. His voice is distorted. vert oftare at ete ger e wa... far ae a Um ae som dt aaa ae STAT! aa aa seat att | Pia and Farhan are moved by Rancho's brave attempt at lightheartedness. Raju’s Mother starts crying. faar ar eee HiT eS 2S AE aTaTI Raju’ POV: A distorted image of Rancho speaks in a warbling voice. 207
34) 13) text: wet In the common room, Farhan leans forward wa Aer a mea @1 oie at wr 2 into the web camera, forcing a playful note into his voice. 208
34) 16) dialog: Look, Virus has cancelled your suspension order. Problem solved. ... Wake up now.
34) 18) text: ae! eT aT teint Raju does not move. Farhan leans back, upset. INT. WARD, HOSPITAL —- NIGHT
34) 19) text: A) Rancho, Fathan and Raju ride triple seat on Pia’s scooter, racing to college for their exam. B) The three friends pop their heads out of barrels of water in the bathroom. C) They fool around on the bum seats. D) Farhan and Rancho flank a blindfolded Raju on the parapet of the tank. Rancho removes his blindfold. Raju sees where he is and jumps into Rancho’s arms with fright. Rancho sits at Raju’s bedside, holding his hand in both of his, remembering all the good times they had together. at wey ar Tape e sb wey H ASaSIT Rit Rancho smiles through his tears at the memories. He looks at Raju and places a tender hand on his forehead. at tt ant at a ang Hah war Te at ad art # wer 2 art Far 209
34) 20) dialog: Rise and shine, buddy. In this journey of few strides On the path called life don't quit... Just celebrate the ride Listen please to those who love you Every dark night is followed by sunrise Don't shut out those who love you INT. WARD, HOSPITAL — DAY
34) 23) dialog: Brand new! ararsit we a eg af 2, sear ta... wa art wach 2, a7 (voice breaking) wae at wa! da a, det aT ee? Raju does not react. Desperate and defeated, Raju’s Mother breaks down.
34) 36) dialog: Yeah!
34) 38) dialog: Guess!
34) 40) dialog: Yes.
34) 42) dialog: Huh ... ? var oat aet 2! Farhan’s fear is confirmed. In panic, he tries to shut Rancho up. wert ay at on, wT ae wre gq! ay a oT Yet wel AT? Raju’s POV: Rancho, distorted, speaks enthusiastically, as a horrified Farhan tries to quieten him.
34) 46) dialog: Quiet ... Shhhh ...
34) 52) dialog: Raju!
34) 53) dialog: Raju!
34) 54) dialog: One kilo lady's finger, 500 grams cottage cheese for ‘free’ would’ve woken him. Why sacrifice me?
34) 57) dialog: Yes? 7 A grinning Rancho turns to Farhan. aa war Tare! Farhan rejoices as relief sweeps over his face. A telieved smile lights up Farhan’ face.
36) 5) dialog: Thank you. Why?
36) 9) dialog: You coming with me?
36) 11) dialog: Why would I go home?
36) 14) dialog: Why?
36) 16) dialog: What's that? fear faedt & Yat a fers og & - emt A frat Farhan’s mouth falls open with shock. He turns to his bag and frantically searches it. He doesn’t find what he’s looking for. He looks up to see Rancho, Pia and Raju smiling at him. wert ara gy ai) 3 at faedt te ae at aeat! dat afaete saat creat 21 A flash of excitement crosses Farhan’s face. Pia holds out the letter to him. fra ue at & feu afta tH pie Year wed 2 ga Bat A ST Farhan grabs the envelope. He takes out the letter with trembling hands and starts reading, incredulous. As he reaches the end of the letter, something strikes him and the joy fades from his face. He looks up at his friends, despair clouding his eyes. 219
36) 20) dialog: You posted my letter!
36) 25) dialog: Dad will never agree.
37) 4) dialog: I didn’t go. I don’t want to be an engineer, Dad.
37) 12) dialog: I don't enjoy engineering. fd make a terrible engineer. Rancho has a simple belief: Make your passion your profession. Then work will become play. FARHAN’S FATHER What will you earn in that jungle?
37) 13) dialog: A small stipend, but I'll learn a lot. FARHAN’S FATHER Five years from now when you see your friends buying cars and homes, you'll curse yourself. Ret ae amy et HT! sear ae ST fe Haat omg at aly oer (shouting) ot, ea crt) wet fe wear sae F 9 f& gate a fe ger aa ade H gat 2&1 at gar ard?
37) 17) dialog: Life as an engineer will bring only frustration. Then I'll curse you I'd rather curse myself, Dad. FARHAN’S FATHER The world will laugh! Label you a loser, for quitting in the final year. Mr. Kapoor feels you're fortunate to be at ICE. Whar'll he think?
37) 18) dialog: Mr. Kapoor didn’t provide me with an air-conditioner. It wasn’t Mr. Kapoor who slept in discomfort while I slept well. He didn’t take me around the zoo on his shoulders.
37) 19) dialog: You did all that Father.
37) 20) dialog: Dad, how you feel, matters to me. Mr. Kapoor makes no difference. I don’t even know his first name. FARHAN’S FATHER You think you're the hero of a melodrama? araTeit (tearfiully) aq ft aifsre) Rear & Farr) ger aT (in a huff) fe dt feenom aay a ne aT) Qe AT area were 4, ae Bt A a TST Disturbed and angry, Farhan’s Father walks towards a chair and sits down. Farhan turns to face his Father. wert (softly) wet crear) F gags vet we) aE
37) 22) dialog: No, Dad. I'll never attempt suicide. I promise.
37) 23) dialog: The Rancho you detest put this picture in my wallet. Told me to see it if a suicidal thought crossed my mind and imagine whar'd happen to your smiles when you see my dead body. wert oe, H omar aise HT aed ZI wa Aaes Bt dea ary Ae Y eer wt Tet | Farhan clasps his Fathers hand in between his hands.
37) 26) dialog: I want to convince you, Dad but not with a suicide threat.
37) 27) dialog: Dad, what will happen if I become a photographer? I'll earn less I'll have a smaller house, a smaller car But Pll be happy. I will be really happy Whatever I do for you will be out of genuine love.
37) 28) dialog: T’ve always listened to you For once, let me listen to my heart. Please, Dad.
37) 29) dialog: Dad .... Please don't go away. FARHAN’S FATHER Return this. Farhan, standing behind his parents, head lowered in defeat, looks up sharply. ga amety & aie oT ora a? Farhan breaks down, overcome with love and happiness. oer afte Yor at ahr aar ders Farhan rushes to his Father and hugs him. They are both crying. Farhan’s Mother looks on, sobbing. aT a2, ott feet oft a1 INT. INTERVIEW HALL —-
37) 54) dialog: Your Majesty, thou art great. Accept this humble offering! INT. DIRECTOR’S OFFICE, ICE —
38) 7) text: aa! a a a! A couple too many! frar PIA fea afer at! Needed the guts. vei RANCHO wre & fea? For what? Pia pulls out a set of keys and holds them up for Rancho to see. frar PIA a gr & fal For stealing this. ei RANCHO a aa 2? What's this? 232 fear Farhan’s eyes widen in shock. air TM, Ton fear aa aia & teary ¥ aa dae 8, oT (indicating the sleeping Raju) Rancho is both shocked and amused. He aie de? 4 a7 cifey & ar, zr
39) 0) text: THE DIRECTOR’S HOUSE - DAY Farhan turns to Raju who is driving the SUV. wert eh! .. Bh ..! at Ba Fa? wert ae ery far @r eared fear a aéh
39) 2) dialog: Stop, stop!
39) 3) dialog: Stop! Stop!
39) 5) dialog: We didn’t inform Pia.
39) 6) dialog: Shut up!
39) 8) dialog: No but I have her home number. at at wr a, ¥ ara ZI
39) 11) dialog: Stop, Stop, Stop.
39) 13) dialog: Hello, is Pia there?
39) 15) dialog: Is she at the hospital?
39) 17) dialog: Too late! She’s married? “ 3 3 ai eg & aa) te w: de a em ez met arr at we A vet at wea a aavit | gar aterar 2 ua peti ee aera Sar a fey Sie aa | HES ART GAGE aE A Het 2) aa aa we A eer fra a ag at gar & ar erm? = Sosa fact te fer & ome site fer ao wre aa ste wert | Gra ws afsari, afte safe, ‘As Chatur rambles on, Farhan and Raju exchange a look. They plug their ears with cotton and move to the car. The SUV takes a U-turn. Inside the car, in the boot, Chatur lies gagged and bound. age (muffled) Wo. WAI EXT. PIA’S WEDDING VENUE,
39) 20) dialog: It’s a no-brainer. Let’s turn back.
39) 28) dialog: Virus will have a heart attack ... Hello ... At every daughter’s wedding, we're there to rock the party.
39) 29) dialog: Listen, I'll update Pia, you peel off the price tag.
39) 36) dialog: We found Rancho.
39) 45) dialog: We found Rancho! Now you can't marry this ass. wert are get goraen far ga at at ar credit a1 oie saat are Fo ara ah ae cat at tt eT! (indicating a plate of dhokla and mint chutney) INT. SUHAS’S ROOM, WEDDING VENUE — CONTINUOUS A bowl of mint chutney lies next to a half-eaten dhokia on a plate. Raju empties the bowl into the plate. Suhas sings loudly, in high spirits. Casting a furtive glance in Suhas’s direction, Raju dips the iron into the mint chutney. He then brings the sauce-smeared iron down on the sherwani. Suhas stands before the mirror, spraying himself liberally with cologne, singing loudly and moving along with the song.
39) 47) dialog: Don't fool yourself, Pia. You still love Rancho. You're still eating his favourite food.
39) 48) dialog: He's incorrigible. Once a price tag, always a price tag. frat Te HEM We st a as Ar wat BEAT | There’s an anguished yell from outside. aera (O.S.) INT. SUHAS’S ROOM, WEDDING VENUE — CONTINUOUS Suhas is holding Raju by the collar and shaking him vigorously. ae at wet eit aa a am at mH H qe eet gael aera
39) 74) dialog: ‘The car's ready. Grab her hand and run.
39) 75) dialog: Don’t move.
40) 11) dialog: (hesitatingly) Pia, minor problem. a fia, wa afer ar mee aT eat aI frat PIA ar? What?
40) 12) dialog: (sheepishly) We don't know if Rancho’s married. let ot mt of at a8, a ae aT Pia’s smile vanishes. She squeals in outrage.
40) 17) dialog: Ignore him ...
40) 19) dialog: Aal izz well, aal izz well ...
40) 20) dialog: Till yesterday, I was a law-abiding citizen. But in the last 24 hours, I had grounded an aircraft, almost assigned Shamaldas’s ashes to the sewers, and made a bride elope from her own wedding!
40) 21) text: INT. / EXT. DIRECTOR’S OFFICE, ICE — NIGHT Farhan and Rancho stand outside the Director’s office trying to unlock the door. wert (V.O.) ; aa oa amet eat } fers His hands shake with fear, Farhan finally opens the lock. They slip into the office and look around in the dark. wert (V.O.) we at at at aren ateit 9 or fsserar a wm few aes Fe Te, Ter al dat ¥ Fa wat ari Rancho puts on a torch. Yat
40) 23) dialog: All for Rancho.
40) 24) dialog: But he too would do anything for friends. Like stealing the question paper... from the lion’s den.
40) 26) dialog: Ok!
40) 27) dialog: He feared that if Raju failed, there would be another high jump. We were principled thieves, stealing the paper only for Raju. We'd sworn we won't even take a peek. Frustrated at not being able to find the envelope, Farhan lifts the phone off its cradle and hands it over to Rancho. wert (V.O.) far & yw ATI INT. DIRECTOR’S HOUSE, ICE —
40) 33) dialog: We'll grow old searching! Ask Pia.
40) 44) dialog: Found it! Rancho!
40) 49) dialog: Take it! (Intercut — The Director heads towards a flight of steps) Rancho glues the seal back onto the envelope. (Intercur — The Director hurries up the stairs) Rancho presses down on the seal. wet & fe ar?
40) 51) dialog: Ok. art 41 Rancho gives Farhan the envelope. INT. DIRECTOR’S OFFICE, ICE —
40) 54) dialog: Back there.
40) 61) dialog: We're safe!
40) 65) dialog: A gift.
40) 71) dialog: Hey!
40) 73) dialog: Idiot!
40) 74) dialog: Hed won us over! I felt like embracing him as family ...
40) 75) dialog: .. but then I controlled my emotions. stands at the entrance. Raju, Farhan and Rancho look at him with shock. Glowering with rage, the Director enters the room and stops at the crumpled question paper on the ground. He picks it up, opens it and looks at it. He looks up at the boys. His gaze focusses on Rancho. He takes the umbrella from under his arm and starts hitting Rancho with it. a ete < Farhan and Raju call out to him, pleading, trying to get him to stop. Rancho stands silent, head bowed, taking every blow without protest.
40) 80) dialog: Sir sorry Sir! Sir please, please, please! Sorry, Sir!
40) 82) dialog: Sir, Sir, Sir! 258
40) 85) dialog: Sir! setae R wast Fey HIT! ye wT wary Fe!
40) 88) dialog: Sir! Exhausted, the Director finally stops.
40) 89) dialog: Sorry Sir, sorry Sir! Sree qa werafes| wer ase de TA arr vet & freed wef va at ome fat ater & yfera! omg fat ait = oferty (to the three of them) Wen! Tepe, sift site a! Throwing his umbrella on the ground, he leaves the room. 259
40) 92) dialog: Sir, what are you doing? Sorry Sir.
44) 9) dialog: Where to?
44) 15) text: Raju, with Farhan’s help, wheels the computer table to where Mona is lying. wert a at, far frar aa aa GH a am FS Ger oa, ait? Mona writhes in pain.
44) 18) dialog: Here, Pia.
44) 69) text: a a ats Farhan catches both keys and holds them up for an embarrassed, awkward moment. The Director turns to Rancho, looking explosive. Rancho hurriedly attempts a diversion.
44) 73) dialog: Oh my God!
44) 81) dialog: Yes.
44) 83) dialog: Ok!
44) 107) dialog: Rancho, vacuum cleaner! Rancho gets up from the battery line-up and moves across the room. var RANCHO wer, at RT SAT aM Se ale, FAT Farhan, get your lens clean
44) 108) dialog: Blower blower. tit RANCHO a, a a & ot Fe Yeah, get it.
44) 109) dialog: Ok! Farhan opens his camera bag and takes out the blower. Rancho is already working on the vacuum cleaner. wert FARHAN ve, a a wae Rancho, blower. vei RANCHO ai, 73! 3 dag ay wey F aa gael Good. Fix this to the gaug
44) 110) dialog: Ok! 280 Rancho slices the blower into two cups. Farhan inserts the vacuum gauge nozzle into the vacuum cleaner pipe. Rancho attaches one of the blower cups to the end of the vacuum cleaner pipe. Millimeter runs in with a bucket of hot water. The Director looks at all the activity and then towards Mona, with growing concern. Raju finishes connecting the inverter wire to the mains. x veal, a 7a! Rancho runs to the Virus inverter. aa faa ate &? wT at Rancho switches on the Virus Inverter. att He
44) 119) dialog: Yes? ei RANCHO ay ais, dey fi, mage ae aa! Come on, help me.. connect th
44) 120) dialog: Ok! ei RANCHO eat | Connected with this. They get the vacuum cleaner to the table tennis table. At the hospital, the Matron, at Pia’s laptop, calls out to her excitedly. 282 Pia rushes back to her laptop which now has a small crowd of nurses and patients around it. Pia sees the common room image back on the screen and Rancho ready with his vacuum device.
44) 124) dialog: Yes?
44) 126) dialog: Yes!
44) 132) dialog: Cover it!
44) 134) dialog: 
44) 142) dialog: Yes!
44) 146) dialog: Yes! At the hospital, Pia rushes back to the laptop. fear (to Mona) aw om det, yr wt, J SA S seh Mona starts pushing. Raju kneels next to her, on the table tennis table, his hands on her belly, gently pushing downward.
44) 148) dialog: Come on Mona, come on Mona, Mona push! Her face contorting with agony, Mona keeps trying to push.
44) 155) dialog: Yes Mona good, push Mona, you can do it Mona! The Director is at the table. He holds Mona’ hand, leans over her and joins in the spirit of encouragement all around the room. Mona's body half rises from the table, she gives one final push and falls back, exhausted. edt RANCHO (from under the curtain) Farhan, turn it off.
44) 157) dialog: at ae fear, ae fears Ok, off. Rancho emerges from under the curtain, holding a baby. There is awed silence in the room. Tears course down Mona’ face. Raju smiles through tears. Farhan stands stunned. The Director looks at his grandson incredulously. At the nurse’s station, Pia cries with joy. The crowd around her stares at the laptop 287 screen in startled wonder. The Matron finally finds her voice, remembering her professional training. tert In the common room, everyone snaps to life. cert et faery ar aedt: arefifereper ats ya Farhan puts two clothes clips on the umbilical cord.
44) 161) dialog: Take this!
44) 172) dialog: Come on, Champ!
44) 176) dialog: Here!
44) 178) dialog: Come on. Come on, Champ! The baby doesn't cry. Rancho finally looks up. He walks to the web camera, and holds up the still baby. ae wat a wet 21 At the nurse’s station, Pia breaks down and turns away from her laptop. In the common room, Rancho slowly turns to Mona. As the reality hits her, she is racked with grief. She stretches out her hand towards her baby, sobbing. et aa aa, at a Fa ‘The baby’s leg swings up and hits Rancho on the cheek.
44) 187) dialog: Aal izz well, aal izz well, aal izz well.
44) 190) dialog: If Virus had said, “My grandson will be an engineer,” I would’ve broken his jaw. But when he finally spoke, he stunned us.
44) 204) dialog: Sir, one photo, Sir! The Director grabs Rancho’s hand and drags him forward in a mock imitation of dragging him through the college corridors. He stops, puts his arm around Rancho and smiles warmly. Farhan clicks. The new graduates throw up their hats in celebration. Farhan walks in the crowd, capturing moments on his camera; the Director 295 laughing with his students, a grimacing Chatur being kissed on his cheek by his Mother, Raju and his Mother embracing while weeping tears of joy. In the midst of all this, unnoticed by anyone, his degree in his hand, Rancho loads his luggage into a taxi.
44) 206) dialog: I wanted to capture all these memories and take them home. That day, we hugged, we rejoiced, we cried ... We vowed that . Who knew then, we were seeing Rancho for we'd meet at least once a year .. the last time ... wert am ait & Saar Raju removes Chatur’s gag.
45) 4) dialog: Untie him.
46) 10) dialog: Bingo! He cannot be far ...
46) 11) dialog: Excuse me, where is Ranchhoddas?
46) 14) dialog: Chhote... Dammit, what's his name?
46) 17) dialog: Rancho.
46) 25) dialog: Rascal!
46) 28) dialog: How did you get here?
46) 30) dialog: That rascal Rancho!
46) 44) text: Rancho turns to see Farhan standing behind him at a distance. He smiles in delight. wert (angrily) Farhan takes off a shoe and starts moving towards Rancho, aggressively. 305
46) 46) dialog: Rancho!
46) 48) dialog: Screw your ‘H?,
46) 50) text: aR, a, A Ta a A ... Rancho starts to walk backwards. wert wat wal, TAT art A ae ot, FT art at ar wert wat wal, TAT art A Rancho starts running backwards. Farhan runs towards him.
46) 54) text: at TH! Raju slaps him. Rancho, reeling from the blow, spins towards Farhan. Farhan slaps him. Rancho starts running. Raju and Farhan chase him, swearing loudly. are! wert ex ta! 306
46) 56) dialog: No, you listen to me.
46) 58) dialog: No, you listen to me.
46) 62) dialog: Look here. Rancho runs around Pia’s parked scooter, trying his best to dodge his furious friends. They catch up with him and all collapse on the sand, pummelling each other. wT wit sat ame aeaT ate ee ay Paar wad 4! aprat fae & art! art et wet Set!
46) 66) dialog: One phone call?
46) 69) dialog: Rascal, scoundrel!
46) 71) dialog: On your feet, C'mon! Farhan gives Rancho a hand and Rancho hauls himself up. The three friends hold their sides, panting. They straighten up and, slowly, start laughing. Farhan steps forward and hugs Rancho. Rancho opens out an arm and Raju steps into it. The three hug each other laughing and crying. Pia looks at them, smiling, wiping a tear. Chatur’s SUV comes to a halt a little away from them. Chatur pokes his head out of the SUV.
46) 74) dialog: You idiot.
46) 81) dialog: You gonna break his jaw or should I?
46) 89) dialog: Crazy guy.
46) 97) dialog: Ignore him. SS ae Sael, ee A sera wea FI
46) 100) dialog: Wangdu!
46) 108) dialog: You have 400 patents?
46) 118) dialog: Its you the Japanese are wooing?
46) 119) dialog: Are you a scientist or a teacher?
46) 123) dialog: (yells) Hey Silencer. to ag, aay at!
46) 128) dialog: Stop!
46) 138) dialog: .. S for ‘Screwed’.
46) 142) dialog: You're fibbing!
46) 150) dialog: His Holiness Guru Ranchhoddas had correctly stated — “Follow Excellence ... Success will chase you, pants down.”
46) 151) text: Rajkumar Hirani, Abhijat Joshi, & Vidhu Vinod Chopra Reco In the course of putting this book together, the many c Hirani revealed that in a life spanning over four decades and debilitating experiences, the one that is clearly etc most oppressive of them all is the month preceding his 12 night I would get a recurring dream that I was taking an the answer to even a single question. I would wake up in attributes this to the fear psychosis created around exam first few daunting months at FTII, a year without work an myriad struggles to set up a career, the Herculean task o strains compared to the pressures of Higher Secondary exa It was no surprise then that when he started hunting for about as the DNA for his first feature film, he decided o in a medical college. The aim was to weave a tale that en from life in a hostel and make a comment both on the educ medical practice in India. For Raju, life in a hostel sig spent doing theatre with his group Awaaz with the student College, hostel life at FTI, and the horrors of education were experiences that had left an indelible impression on draft of Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. had, instead of the lovable Circuit, three friends living in a medical college. The s changing and evolving. At the end, the three friends had the duo that became the Indian equivalent of Batman and R and immensely endearing Munna and Circuit. But the initial idea that he started with lay latent in R next six years. Such must have been his desire to make th so great the need for the world to have this idea transla universe conspired to make it happen. Vidya Balan and th 2005 played significant roles in pulling this blueprint o of Raju’s mind. It was May 2005 and Vidya had just finish first schedule of Lage Raho Munna Bhai. She and Raju had rapport often recommending interesting films and books to happened to read Five Point Someone during this period. S was aware that he was keen to get the book across to Raju for a film. Vidya immediately lent her copy of the book t was an idea she felt had legs. But being in the middle of did not have time to breathe let alone read. The book gat bookshelf for sometime. And then in July, Mumbai faced th floods ever. Life for everyone in Mumbai came to a stands completely flooded and he had no choice but to stay home That is when he picked up Five Point Someone and read it. friends and their experiences in an engineering college t brought to the fore his first draft of Munna Bhai M.B.B.S Vinod and Abhijat. The rights to adapt the book into a fi the rest as they say is history. The one-liner (a scene-wise synopsis of the screenplay an was ready in a record nine days and the first draft of th ready in 18 days from the day Abhijat Joshi, Vidhu Vinod Hirani started working on it (2006). After that, it took a-half years to arrive at a shooting script. The evolution of the screenplay involved ponderous work o multiple scenarios (some retained and many abandoned), co tea, long walks, and several trips around the globe. The journey was through a labyrinth of possibilities. [In ex-girlfriend; Chatur and not Suhas was to marry Pia; Far corporate honcho in New York; instead of wildlife photogr Farhan’s passion; Joy and Phunsukh Wangdu were added and The key to the screenplay was to find the best way forwar to be consistently compelling, real, and entertaining. These interviews with the writers were recorded between J at various locations, in Mumbai. 322 There is a method to the three of you working together. VC: We have been working together for many years and have respect and affection for each other. Abhijat and I go ba and with Raju my writing association started with Munna B sit with them and write continuously. My biggest contribu to channelise their passion and energies in a direction. They do the writing and come to me constantly with materi I either change some things or add new things to it or re of a good reviewer. RH: Abhijat and I write constantly while working on the s have a ready draft, we start the sessions with Vinod. He the problems, the chinks in the script, the flaws. It is perspective on one’s work as one is going along. It keeps AJ: The interesting thing about the three of us working t in our methods of working which eventually enhances the m Vinod’s method of writing and Raju’s and my methods are c our goal is the same: a great story. Raju and I operate by working on individual scenes and la together which brings the desired unpredictability to our likes his character arcs and plot defined. Therefore, whe Vinod, he lends the necessary prespective to them. The pr the guiding metaphor throughout Aristotle's writings has narrative or drama must be presented as “a complete whole so closely connected that the transposal [shifting an inc the narrative to another] or withdrawal of any one of the the whole.” This is the principle that Vinod follows. His scene in the film must carry the story forward. It must h this movement. You cannot narrate a scene to Vinod and te of the scene is to make people laugh or cry. He will imme Scenes might be luminous on their own but they are useles up the whole narrative is Vinod’s belief. Raju and I ofte individual scenes. In the second half of 3 diots, Vinod t scenes which in hindsight I feel would have weakened our we cannot overload the audience because after a while, th Fatigue that sets in. You need to have that balance where 323 temptation of overdoing things. To give you an example, kept not because it was funny but because it had a purpos audience laugh. The speech demonstrated the pitfalls of r the conflicting philosophies in the film, of chasing exce success, out in the open. This is the way in which we work together. Different pers retain quality without losing focus. The germ of the idea came from Chetan Bhagat’s book Five What is it that drew you to the book? RH: I loved the description of hostel life in the book. I I had lived in a the hostel, like the boys in the book, s me. Education and the pressures one faces with regard to in a ‘better life’, the one defined by society and not ne have always been of great interest to me. This gave me a combine these thoughts with a few anecdotes from the book It took over two-and-a-half years for the screenplay to c were the challenges that you faced while writing it? RH: Five Point Someone, though immensely enjoyable, was v treatment. I knew the moment I read the book that we woul considerable time adapting it into a screenplay. There is binds it together. For a film, a binding thread is critic taken on a journey through the characters and plot. It ha to hold the attention of the viewers. For example, in Lag that keeps you hooked till the end is the cricket match. towards that. I could not find this thread within the boo the desire to create an external story. The idea for the Kenya. The Kenyan Film Board had invited a select group o and cinematographers to explore Kenya as a shooting desti Therefore, Nikhil Advani, Shaad Ali, and I, including a f cinematographers, travelled to Kenya. Initially, as usual What happens with me is that whenever I am invited to som working, I start thinking that it is a waste of time, and This is the reason I decline most of the times and then I 324 up the opportunity to go to Australia thinking that I am it would be a waste of time. In both cases, I could have and my life would not have changed. So when this invitati March 2007, I decided I must go. I went but out of habit me hoping I would find time to get some work done there. I discovered that they had a packed itinerary planned for stay. Obviously, they wanted to show us the maximum numbe used to start at 6 am and end at 9 pm. After two days of anxious about my script. I started getting very edgy. On go. Nikhil and everyone else started laughing at me. I re the truth, then I would not be able to escape so I lied a not well. They left without me. I took out my laptop and script. Funnily, one lady who was with the film board, la a doctor. I sheepishly told them that now I was better. H this she shall realise how pivotal this day of work in Ke That entire day, the one day I managed to work on my scri calls and distractions, I sat in my hotel room thinking a to introduce to bind the film. That is when this thought rivals struck me. One friend goes away and then the other the audience, the binding factor would then be — do they If they do find him, then what is the story of the friend did he go? Does he win the bet or does he lose? At every would be at the back of their minds. This desire and curi get to the end of the film is the backbone of a screenpla this entire story from the screenplay, then the film beco college and you are not really looking forward to anythin Abhijat from there and told him this idea and he loved it was Abhijat coming up with the imposter idea. AJ: The imposter idea in the film came from a real-life s (I cannot name him as he is someone from the industry) wh the real Ranchoddas does in the film. A man applies to FT also applies to an engineering college and gets selected. places. He is a brilliant guy. Of all the entrance exams in the engineering college. This brilliant guy is our imp wants to study cinema so he takes his friend’s permission studies at FTII for three years posing as the brilliant g 325 The imposter passes out of the Institute, joins the film his real identity and makes films. This real-life story, know about, inspired the whole Rancho-imposter track. RH: We combined the search and the imposter tracks and go film. The binding thread which was missing to keep the na in place. This was probably one of the most critical of t writing 3 Idiots. ‘What according to you is the core of 3 Idiots? AJ: The first scene that we wrote for 3 Idiots was the co and Aamir at Joy’s funeral. This scene was in a different time we wrote it. On the night of the suicide, Rancho goe the campus, rings the bell, gathers the students and deli form, the scene became too dramatic, grim, and preachy. W make it more real and yet retain the drama and impact. Th film felt more natural so we changed the speech to a conv We purposely chose to make the boy who commits suicide a funeral is set in a cemetery. The grey of the cemetery an the grim and colourless tone that we needed. This scene, core of 3 Idiots. Why should people be killing themselves with the system. Why is everyone running after grades and is what the film addresses and attacks. VC: I agree with Abhijat. 3 /diots questions the system a to chase grades leads students to give in to pursuits tha their choice and compels them to take the set and decided goals. This only leads to suicides or mediocrity. Chasing Excellence over success is a philosophy I have always fol take some very irrational decisions that have made no bus the pursuit was for quality, in the long run, success cam It is a very personal film. Not only does it embody a phi to your heart but it heavily borrows from your lives as w in the film have been picked from your lives? RH: There is a lot in the film from the scenes to the qui characters to dialogues that we have taken from our lives 326 called Prasan Jain in FTII who once had a bath at the en to make the faculty aware that there was an acute water s Rancho bathing in the garden came from there. “Jahanpanah borrowed from the Film Institute. We were ragged for an e joined. All throughout that month, if we spotted a senior pants, bend over, pat our butts, and say, “Jahanpanah tus This practice was called Farshi. In my days at the Nagpur theatre buddies, I got to know about this guy who used to the doors of other students to distract them during exams was so fierce that people resorted to some really despera between Farhan and his father is again inspired by the co father which I have mentioned in detail in the introducti AJ: I have already told you about the impostor story. Apa third friend and the imposter track, the third primary el bet between Chatur and Rancho. This bet signifies the cla got the idea for this from an anecdote from Vinod’s initi the trial of one of the films made by a big Bollywood pro ride with him in his posh car to be dropped to the neares asked Vinod what he thought about the film. Vinod launche screenplay bit by bit and let the man know without mincin was utter rubbish. The gentleman turned around and said, na tadd dekhanga tu kaisi picture banayenga” (When you ge car, then we will see the kind of films you make). The pr when you get used to the luxuries, it is what works at th precedence over the quality of cinema. Vinod got out of t is something he would never adhere to. He was clear from ball game was cinema and not money. If you got the former would follow. This clash of philosophies, of thought, mon was the trigger for the bet between Rancho and Chatur. Th of books and the machine” scene is my gift to Raju’s son Veer with his homework. One of the questions in the assig celebrate Good Friday? Veer’s answer to that was “to comm of Christ.” Raju wanted to know if Veer knew the meaning surprise, Veer did not. Raju launched into explaining it to write the answer the way he had understood it. But Vee had to be written only in the manner that he had written 327 not be happy. Easy or uncomplicated language and, most i from the expected and accepted form of the answer was not very baffled and concerned about this. He told me this st it became the genesis of the Rancho-Professor ‘definition The scene where Rancho, Farhan, and Raju go to Farhan’s h sends the warning letter to both Raju and Farhan’s parent two different incidents that happened in my life and Raju lady who was furious with her daughter. The daughter was was yelling at her because she had scored 91 per cent ins 3 per cent drop was unacceptable. The insanity of this ma amused and disturbed at the same time. When we were writi wanted to incorporate this. While at FTII, Raju with his travel to Mumbai often over the weekends. On one such wee invited them to his house for dinner. They all landed up the free food so looked forward to in those money-strappe who invited them and his mother had had a big fight. They for the announcement that the food is ready. After two ho and told the boys, “Beta agli baar aaoge to khaana zaroor remembers this because it was close to midnight when they they were famished with barely over twenty rupees between The watch track between Pia and Rancho again came from an had told me about ... VC: See I told you I cannot remember half the things. Abh a photographic memory. A relative of mine was working in well off. I was not doing that well then. During one of h his watch which cost a couple of lakhs. I heard him out a there must be something wrong with his watch. He was take examined his expensive watch. There was nothing wrong wit so he asked me to explain myself. ‘Aapki ghadi itni mehng rupyaye ki lekin phir bhi time same dikhateen hein” (your and mine costs only Rs 200 but both of them tell the same which left him speechless. Rancho propels the story forward. He illustrates the phil lot of people felt that his character does not have an ar 328 enters the story, preaches, and then leaves. He is too p a character evolve and did you have any fears and apprehe appear to be more fiction than real as he began to take s RH: The backbone of Rancho’s character which also separat else is his lack of fear. He is a brilliant, free-spirite chasing what he is interested in most. Probably a person unfathomable today so Rancho might seem unreal to some bu real. My first thoughts on Rancho were that he is a boy f no experience with formal education so he does not know t speaks to them as he speaks to everyone. I could have dwe and background a little more in the film to bring this to felt that it was not necessary. Rancho lives by his philo makes choices which are absurd conventionally but he is n he does not feel the need to. VC: Why does he appear superhuman? It was very easy for R me to flesh out Rancho as we understand him completely. I of myself in Rancho. There are just too many similarities in my school. I remember being thrown out of class becaus teacher who Hamlet was. In college, I found BA very borin MA classes and I even studied the books prescribed for MA BA exams, I scored only 55 per cent. I was a consistent t ranging between eighties and nineties. I was sure that th I had been marked. I asked for a recheck and realised tha of the answers stemmed from the fact that I did not follo the expected answers. I was quoting writers and theories, were out of the purview of my teacher. Therefore, when I I wrote all my references with the page numbers and the t the authors. This is how I topped my BA exams. What surpr though was the resistance of the educators to reward inve and rigidity is steeped in our education system. You woul that FTII had failed me. I was thrown out without a diplo film, Murder At Monkey Hill, won the National Award and w for an Oscar. The moment I won the National Award, FTII a member of their governing council. In this capacity, I sp as I was aware of everything that goes on there. The staf and said that I couldn't be on the governing council beca 329 FTII management had to pass me then and I got my diploma me because they wanted me to take a lot of exams, some of completely ridiculous. For example, they wanted us to sub which I never did. The reason for that was simple. I felt to do this. I protested against these unfair practices. I this but I did not have any teacher to look up to, and at a guiding force can be such a boon. These experiences and became my reason to back talent. I am passionate about do had that privilege. I learnt the English language at the and what am I doing now? I am making a film in Hollywood. problem understanding my actors and I ask them to talk sl for me to understand their accents. I can draw many parallels but the point I am making is th unbelievable, fictional, larger-than-life character. He i little tough to understand in this world because he does happy sitting back and accepting whatever is doled out th is considered an aberration. AJ: While writing, we did not look at Rancho as a charact hero of the film and he has been written like that, thoug nor a comic book hero. He has the attributes of a hero an to pretend otherwise. He is an uninhibited free spirit wi genuine queries. He does not operate with arrogance or co also played him with that inherent earnestness. But it wo that he does not have an arc in the film or a journey. Hi from Joy’s suicide. He would not have taken on the system perfectly wonderful boy was driven to suicide because of ruthless system education has been reduced to. This stirs he cannot ignore. A clear inspiration and influence here Amitabh Bachchan is a daily wage worker at the dockyard. to pay extortion money to Peter, the local goon. One man he is killed by the goons. The death of this innocent per He decides to fight back. “Raheem Chacha ab woh hoga jo 2 Agle hafie se ek aur coolie inn darindon ko hafia nahin d that has not happened in 25 years will happen now. Next w will not pay the extortion money to the goons), goes the this death which changes him, Amitabh would have remained 330 to earn his daily wages. This incident, its futility and writing Rancho, Raju and I had discussed this scene from suicide is a turning point in Rancho’s life. This is his of his own journey, he changes lives including his own. Like Rancho, Virus’s character must have been a challenge achieve balance there? RH: During Munna Bhai M.B.B.S., we were shooting a scene to deliver a speech to the students. He improvised and ad doctor should be dispassionate towards his patients. He m distance to give him perspective. The exact line was: “Ag karoonga to mere haath kampenge.” While scripting this, m that this argument is so logical and valid that it comple character. It makes my hero look weak. Boman looked at me was my problem and not his. As an antagonist, he must hav if that point of view weakens the protagonist, then the d protagonist stronger. This has stayed with me since then. this while constructing the characters in my films. This that are real and not one dimensional. Therefore, Virus d of reality. His intention is not to go out there and harm life is a race and if you don’t run fast enough, you woul his point of view and he is unwavering in his belief. The film starts with Farhan abandoning a flight that has was a long process before you arrived at this opening for drafts I read, several approaches were tried including th contemplating bringing in Amitabh Bachchan as the narrato opening scene and why was this scene the most appropriate RH: The starting point is always tough. The idea was to s large activity which Farhan has to abandon at the very me was done to establish the importance of Rancho in Farhan’ AJ: Though we went along with the airplane scene to open alternate scene that happens to be my favourite. Given a instead of this. In my favoured beginning, Farhan is a li of a conversation between two Heads of State at the UN. H 331 leaves this session to meet Rancho and these two men are is a lot of comedy that emerges from linguistics but we d to develop it so we went along with the airplane scene. T more dramatic. But these things are a matter of explorati possibilities and then chooses the one that best works fo Joy’s suicide was a critical point of debate. There are d several that did not. Its inclusion was probably most fie entire screenplay. It was felt that this was too dark an that it might dilute the revelation of Virus’s son’s deat was the thought behind the suicide scene and the reason f 20 minutes of getting into the film? VC: There was a lot of back and forth that happened over doubts about whether we should include this or not. But w that this gave motivation to Rancho’s character. Raju too adding a montage and a voice-over at the editing stage. T with Farhan’s voice-over talking about Rancho and his qui there the voice-over says, “Ek aur tha bilkul Rancho jais voice-over that Raju introduced at the editing table, int the script. Otherwise, it would have been too much of a j that a brilliant guy like Rancho can go one way or the ot Phunsukh Wangdu or become so dejected by seeing mediocrit that he gives up on life. RH: Joy’s suicide was thrown out and brought back innumer and I were very keen to keep it as we felt that the confl from there, otherwise it would just be a fun film without it. Vinod and Aamir felt that it should not be there. The too dark and grim. It was a jarring inclusion in the film convinced that this had to be there. This went on for a l got it back into the script a month before the shoot star But the debate over it continued and then finally the mon during the edit, settled the matter. Earlier, the Rancho the film. We had not even planned to keep it. Nevertheles that if I ever felt like reviving it, then it could be do first screening of the film we organised for a sample aud being a mad genius was not coming across. I added the mon 332 it with Joy’s introduction by that voice-over, made Joy and also lent him credibility. AJ: Joy’s suicide is the spine of the film. The second-ha devices. But Joy’s suicide is what makes Rancho realise t is the killer and it has to be fought. It is this belief and the story forward. Otherwise, why is he doing the thi first half of the film would become insubstantial if we t The challenge was to put this thing that worries us about so that we know what Rancho is fighting, and the film is the weight of this intense scene. The interval point is a bit of a shock. The tone of the s are unlike the rest of the film. There were other interva well before arriving at this one. How did this come about RH: I wanted the fact that Rancho is an imposter to be re I felt if we stretched revealing this till the interval, very rich kid had come into a college and was having fun. needed to be told as quickly in the film as possible that it would get the audience to feel for him. So in the earl the flashback one more time in the first half to reveal t Rancho but an imposter. Then we went back into the flashb different interval point (Farhan and Raju discovering tha being one of the options considered). But after a lot of script, I felt that the interval would be a great point t Rancho but an imposter. Sometimes, I still feel that it m reveal this earlier even though what we eventually put in point. In the end, these are choices that one makes. So o was going to be the interval point, we narrated it to Vin add the element of the college photograph having a differ appealed to me as it enhanced the scene. VC: Unlike the West, Indian cinema does not follow the th a two-act deal. It is a very unusual way of watching movi world watches films like this — you see one part of the f chai, then you watch the rest of the film. This makes the critical. Therefore, one must invest a lot of thought in happen. In this film, my thought process was focussed on 333 the audience when they would go and buy their popcorn. B to come back to find out what happens next in the film is the suggestion, I did not think that Raju would retain it quality to the twist. I felt that the audience would enjo time I told Raju, he said he liked it but I do not believ evening. It is an age-old joke between us that I am the ‘ he is the ‘next morning guy’. He likes to mull over and t He makes up his mind only after that. So I always go with things the next morning and not on the evening that they happy that he retained it. The film initially ended with these people finding Rancho in a school, leading a simple happy life doing what he lo ‘Wangdu was not in the film at all. How did the idea of P fall into place? RH: Yes, that is true. Phunsukh Wangdu was not in the fil ended with Farhan, Raju, and Pia reaching Ladakh and disc teaches in this fascinating little school and that is his to do, he did it. But we felt that maybe the audience wou They would probably say that ‘yaar khush to hain, lekin p na” (He might be happy but he earns very little money). W audience understand, we had to show him to be successful way. This is the reason we added the Phunsukh Wangdu, cov and backtracked to plant him in the film. This is where C He was shown to be looking for someone in the entire film man he is searching for is Rancho. The idea was to show a out of choice. Rancho has the option of signing a deal wi millions but he has chosen to do differently. We felt thi understand things better. Another reason was that we kept feeling that the climax w that our climax was the delivery and then we were just wr Ladakh. It felt weak. We, however, were doing a lot of th were showing an unusual school. As Farhan, Raju, and Pia see (an entire scene was there intially) that a race is g and one kid falls down. Instead of carrying on, all the k him up and then proceed to finish the rest of the race. T 334 other and say that this can only be Rancho’s school. Cha initially had Millimeter in it. So all this material was not coming together to result in a spectacular end to the Phunsukh Wangdu, things started falling into place. But t get it all together at the end took us a lot of time. Fin a big twist at the end. We solved the Phunsukh Wangdu riddle in our heads in Goa. a writing visit to Mumbai. I received a call to attend th (IFFI, end 2007). We decided to travel to Goa for two day reason to get away from Mumbai and write. We stayed at th one where we had shot the Lage Raho song with the old peo excited about it. He has this fascination for revisiting Except for the chief minister’s party the night we had ar the festival at all. We took a long walk on the beach the Phunsukh Wangdu fell into place. It was quite magical and with the climax after that. Phunsukh Wangdu, the real identity of Rancho, is revealed point of revelation that Rancho is actually Phunsukh Wang you battled with for over a year. What made you decide th RH: This was a tough one to decide. We were unsure of thi before we shot the scene. Abhijat and I felt that it shou the friends reunite, before Chatur’s arrival. By doing th to the audience that Rancho was Phunsukh Wangdu, the man and Chatur’s dialogues and demeanour with Rancho after th become even more hilarious to the audience as they would in for a real shock when he found out that Rancho is Phun and Madhavan were of the view that the revelation should that the film ends on a high note. They felt that reveali this dramatic twist. This is when the tussle started. Abh long time but Aamir and Madhavan were so vehement and ins a question in our minds also. When I was in Ladakh for th feel that maybe their suggestion holds some weight. Maybe would be a great way to end the film. So I changed it and day before the shoot. Frankly, I still don’t know which r it is a matter of interpretation. Both routes are correct 335 Chatur’s speech scene is a complete departure from the R and the overall VCF sensibility. There were also varied o shloka at the end of the speech. Were there any apprehens writing this? RH: I was aware that what we were doing with this film, w There was also complete awareness of the fact that we mig what people might label as toilet humour. There are raggi their underwear. The language is of a certain quality and but while writing, we realised that the campus world we h completely false if we didn’t use the language, the irrev whole college milieu while creating it. This is the way t our job was to stay true to this world. This was the nece scene we cracked when Abhijat and I were in Columbus, Ohi decision that Rancho will change Chatur’s speech was alre not worked out the details of the scene yet. We decided t for ourselves. It would have been easy to change the enti words were to be changed, then it would have been tough. was to write a speech that, if kept in its original forma were to change just a few words in it, then it would beco We struggled for many days to find the right words. We ha words and many ideas but nothing was good enough. We want One day, we were out for a drive and we hit upon chamatka after using this a few times, we felt that we needed a ch entire speech only on a single word change might get mono for the second word started. I was in Ohio then, visiting for a walk when the second word struck us (dhan’ and ‘tta Anoushka (age 12) was also with us. While Abhijat and I w this and Abhijat almost fell down laughing. We were both not share this with Anoushka. The shloka at the end is another story. It was not there the screenplay, we had rented a small farmhouse in Pune w write very often. During one of our writing sojourns in t other context and not in the context of this speech scene shloka. laughed to the point of tears. I decided there an in the speech scene and it was incorporated at the end of already had this trait of farting and is called Silencer 336 in perfectly. But Vinod felt we should take it out. Late But I was very keen to retain it. During the edit, Vinod too long and we should take out the shloka but Vir (Vinod saw the scene was in splits and didn’t want me to touch i in the film so I was happy that eventually everyone came VC: (Blushing) I was very shocked by that shloka. But Vir through screenings on other people and they died laughing nothing to do with sensibility because as Raju said, one of the film and not some general sensibility. Therefore, issues here. I just felt that the scene was getting too l stretch. My biggest concern is always that the audience s AJ: The speech scene was hilarious but I must say that it as a set piece for humour. It is the illustration and the of the ideologies which is the key element in the film. R learning that our education system encourages. He is comp ‘definition of a machine’ scene introduces that. The spee of following blindly without understanding the meaning of Chatur is end-oriented whereas Rancho worries about the j the battle of the philosophies becomes an open battle. Ri have the scene where Chatur and Rancho lay a bet to meet who is more successful. The speech scene lent to the prog the film. The shloka at the end is another story. I knew that if I immediately want it in the film and that is what happened was unsure about it like Vinod and like he said, it was n issues. It was because I felt that Rancho probably would speech to this extent. He would change just two words and for him to drive the point home. But I am glad that Raju end because the shloka is the pitce de résistance of the The delivery scene has invited a lot of mixed reactions f audience. I remember you telling me that you began this f on the climax because that was a huge challenge you faced Raho? Frankly, what were you people thinking when you dec the concluding episode in the film? 337 RH: The origin of this scene is from Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. scene where Munna gets admission into medical college. He spite Asthana. He has no other motivation to study at a m than his disdain for Asthana. One night, he is roaming th They are drunk. Munna is wearing the doctor's white jacke a doctor. There is a Mumbai bandh’ that day. Both of them A boy comes running out of the chawl and is hunting for a mother is pregnant and her waters just broke. He has to r or find a doctor. He spots Munna and drags Munna into the thinks that Munna is a doctor. These guys have no idea wh they get through the delivery. The idea behind the scene realise the value and responsibilities of doctors. The mo this would have hit him. Now, he would really want to stu script underwent many changes and this route was abandone about it. While writing 3 Idiots, like I told you earlier first decide the climax. Abhijat and I talk a lot when we one of the scenes I mentioned again and Abhijat said, “Wh here?” Rancho could apply engineering for the delivery. T with a short story I had read somewhere about a man who u baby while he was still in his mother’s womb, connected w ‘Aal izz well’, our climax, started taking shape. Then, w gynaecologists to make it authentic. It became a big joke Vinod used to come to office and ask for us, he was told the gynaecologist. Everyone teased us endlessly about our One of my friends had introduced us to Dr. Sejal Desai wh while writing this scene. She told us about the various p could be delivered. The only procedure which could be com was the suction method. A lot of people think that this c scene is totally authentic and it is possible to deliver step, we consulted the doctors and, in a way, we wrote th lot of work, a lot of research, and a lot of time were sp the shoot, the doctors were there and constantly monitori and how it was being depicted. This is not one of those u things that we have put in the film for the sake of a gre You have often referred to the three scenes that constitu in the film as the soul of 3 Idiots: Raju’s job interview 338 with his father, and Rancho breaking down when they come about their triumphs. These scenes had several rewrites b final form in which they are in the film. Why do you feel the essence of 3 idiots? RH: These are the moments in the film I am most attached very emotional. Even while narrating these scenes, I woul emotion. In a way, I feel, they are the crux of the film. of an underdog succeeding. I like hope. I see victory in do whatever you want without fear. This is what one wants had to put a lot of work into these scenes. For example, happened in order to elevate the interview scene to the l to. It was written and rewritten several times. Initially things about fear, god, and superstition and he used to g scene was flat. It lacked punch and impact. Then we hit u which transformed the scene completely. How this happened is quiet remarkable as well. I had read about a small boy who is asked by his teacher to write an to become. The boy writes his essay describing his dream, day with thousands of horses. The teacher is not impresse this unrealistic aim to a more practical one. He tells hi more achievable as the boy comes from too poor a backgrou dream. He also threatens to fail him in the assignment if comes the next day and again submits the same assignment. now. He tells him that he will surely get an F on this as “You can keep your F Sir and I will keep my dream.” I was story. I narrated it to Abhijat and was itching to use it subconscious thought was to apply this somewhere in the s find the right moment or place for it. In the end, in a d this scene. I think the thought here is of preserving wha willing to give that up, then that is the first step towa your dreams. Farhan’s confrontation with his father, apar not an easy scene to execute. Even in the writing of it, satisfied with the trigger that makes the father come aro has to say more, do more. Something here was not working very unsure about executing the father’s change of heart. pitch, everything had to be perfect for this scene to wor 339 Abhijat. I was very restless about this. He reassured me something. He wrote this entire scene on his own and mail What clicked was this gesture he suggested for Farhan. Th during their conversation and comes and sits down on a ch his father and kneels down before him and talks to him. I and total submission that elevated the scene. If you noti is not of rebellion but of persuasion. Farhan is asking f informing his parents. He is appealing to them to let him would not have come around, he would have sacrificed his Lastly, the scene where Rancho breaks down was not there you look at it, there was no need for it technically beca (Raju’s job interview and Farhan’s conversation with his gone straight to the barber shaving off Virus’s moustache But I have always felt that when there is an emotion this out in full. You need to see the aftermath, otherwise it to pacing a film is as much in speeding it up as in slowi breathe when the screenplay demands it. I wrote this scen in the earlier scenes to its rightful conclusion. But when we shot the scene that in its original form had and hug Rancho and he breaks down, I was not satisfied. I him about what he thought of them taking off their pants tussi great ho,” to Rancho. Earlier this was to happen ri reunite in Ladakh. Abhijat liked the idea and we changed removed it from the climax of the film and brought it up these boys, now Chatur takes off his pants at the end and great ho. Tohfa kabool karo.” There seems to be a design to the way 3 Idiots has been w is carefully balanced with laughter. The audience does no weight of any scene. Was this intentional? RH: This is an inherent trait in all my films. If I had m everything with laughter. I believe in the world that I c can choose to be cynical or one can choose to look at thi really analyse the emotional, dramatic scenes, you will n of happiness and hope and not of despair and loss except 340 sadness in films. So more than design, this happens beca the world: our beliefs, experiences, and ideas. AJ: I agree with Raju but it is still gratifying to see t we managed to diffuse the tension by making people laugh of craft, this is a massive challenge. It can ruin a film effortlessly. Our inspiration for this was The Lion King. hard-hitting, unforgettable, and memorable moment but exa you are transported to the world of ‘Hakuna Matata’. We s we are moved and stirred but two minutes later we are sin with joy and hope. Most screenplays would dwell on an eve for at least ten minutes. Your (Raju and Abhijat) collaboration began during Lage R It continued through 3 Idiots and now you are writing ano It is a delicate relationship where many things have to c become productive. How does it work for both of you? AJ: Raju and I share the same sensibility. Our approaches that we want to take, are all the same. When Raju and I w follow is completely non-linear. We start with writing th is a nightmare later to string them together and beat the the magic of this method is that once you do this, you ha such an unknown path that the audience has no chance of s trajectory of the film. So we first follow the magic and most and then apply reason and bind it together. It is a of minds. RH: I spend more time with him than I do with my wife. I (laughs). Apart from him being a good writer and our sens (we are both from small towns and we have shared similar points are the same), the quality I most enjoy and admire not defend his scenes. Most writers spend a huge chunk of their scenes. If I want something done differently, he un view. This does not mean that he is not passionate about not believe in his scene but it simply means that he is r positive aura. Secondly, I don't have to walk on eggshell relief. In cinema, you waste a lot of time, precious time 341 everyone you are dealing with is an artist. You have to convey your opinion without hurting people or offending t I don’t have to do with him. I can say what I feel withou any sugar-coating. It saves us a tremendous amount of tim Abhijat does not give up. We could have been through a mi does not get fatigued by the evolving screenplay. He keep I know that this stems from tremendous passion. Even if t need to be changed, he has that faith in me and I in him better, we will do whatever it takes. This synergy is rar working together, I never thought that I would need a wri work with a writing partner but now I feel it is essentia The process of screenwriting and directing holds such mys hard to figure out where to start. What would your sugges aspiring to write and direct their material? RH: I believe that formal education in some form is essen does not have to enrol in an institute or course necessar learning like reading, watching theatre and films can hel grammar that will enable you to write and make films. But preserve is the faculty to think from your heart. Once yo important, we tend to lose the innocence with which films tend to view them only with an eye on the craft: there co those are the hurdles in the plot; lensing just changed; this shot, and so on, is what we start focussing on. We s from the perspective of craft. The ability to think from film honestly vanishes. For me, to keep this faculty to t is the biggest battle. This is what leads to honest work. to bring in fresh ideas. It is very tough to do that thes be there to achieve this. AJ: I feel that novelty of idea is paramount. Anything yo to write should not have the sound of something that has times before. The approach that though it has been done b so well that it will work, according to me, does not work about the idea that you choose and you need to believe in to you to begin with. Once you have settled on the idea, in. A screenplay demands a lot of time and patience. The 342 quality is the goal, cannot be rushed. Therefore, you mu that time. At least two to three years. Once these two co for the first two or three months you must not write. You Where do I want to go with this thought? What am I trying characters in my story? Why is what I am saying worth say writing this at all? These are the questions you should s these initial months. Once you have convincingly answered should start the writing process. A good technique is to at the same time. It helps sometimes. You might love some work for a screenplay so you can always put them in the o on or save them for some other story in the future. So yo darlings. But more than two screenplays at a time is a di VC: The only process and method I know is consistent, rel focussed hard work. Let me tell you a secret. Talent, as inborn. It is something you have to work for. If you work achieve anything. That is the key to it all. — Smriti Kiran 343
46) 153) text: ‘When Munna is asked how to deal with a boy who desecrate from behind him Bapu answers: “Give more stones to the la all my statues.” This is clearly inverse to the answer th postulate in their heads and therefore highly intriguing guess what will follow. Throughout Lage Raho Munna Bhai, we had summoned this principal of inversion. For Broken Horses, another screenplay I co-authored with the childhood memory of a mentally challenged character. dilemmas, he summons not his faculty of reasoning but the what his parents taught him when he was little. In every found ourselves relying utterly on memory for solutions. 350 For 3 Idiots, which was being written at the same time a that the DNA was objects. Objects marked the comic and th and the philosophical beats of the film with equal felici of each object that served us so valiantly for transfusin scenes would fill a book longer than the screenplay. But of our extended encounter with things. The Comic Objects The empty gift envelopes, the mounds of food on the plate crucially, the mint chutney are irreplaceable for the com Rancho gatecrashes Pia’s sister’s wedding. Of these, the a powerful motif. Rancho first drops it on Suhas’s shoes We went on to use it in three more scenes: A. In the song ‘Zoobi Doobi’ where Pia imagines Rancho as the virtues of the “ever-useful mint chutney that, apart also reveals a man’s character.” B. The scene where a drunken Pia barges into Rancho’s roo small town, offers her dhokla with mint chutney to distra amorous advances. This leads to the memorable lines about names of innocuous Gujarati food items like dhokla, fafda like missiles to Pia. C. The scene of Pia’s wedding, when to stop the groom fro altar, Raju Rastogi irons his clothes with an iron drench As promised, the chutney reveals the groom’s character in him scream out the price of his ruined wedding dress. Our most innovative comic object, however, is not the min that place must go to an object so humble, so self-effaci not even remember it — the heart-rate monitor in the hosp in a coma after his suicidal ‘high jump’. This object ser It saved Reel No. 7 of the film from becoming so grave, h it could have sunk the entire film. This, by far, is our starts with the Director’s brutal act of compelling Rasto own rustication — an act that drives Rastogi into attempt after Rastogi’s recovery, in the twin movement of Farhan 351 he does not want to become an engineer and Rastogi succe job interview. This reel is clearly the heart of 3 Idiots after overwhelmingly moving scene, this was also by far t the longest (about 20 minutes) reel of the film. We despe some levity, some joy to this beat of the story. Since th allowed no scope for comic maneuvering, we came up with w the most daring and audacious tricks of our screenwriting lace the musical interludes of the song ‘Jaane Nahi Denge hold on! Swanand Kirkere has written those stanzas so mov has sung them with such unbridled emotionalism that how t in comedy into the interludes? Well, with the help of the little heart-rate monitor. Knowing that Rastogi’s brain responds to voice despite th tell outrageous and funny lies to him to try and revive h comic, we realised that it would fall flat since the lies from the coma-stricken Rastogi. This is where the heart-r Whenever Rastogi responds to anything that is said, his h the graph on the monitor alters. The dance of this graph from the audience at every screening. The more outrageous the more vibrant the externalisation of Rastogi’s inner t finally utters the most outrageous lie that poor Farhan w without any dowry, the seismic dance of the white graph r The next moment the coma-stricken patient's right hand mo limbs, hope returns to his friends’ hearts and we, the wr comic licenses for non-use, get a fresh lease of life. Th Apart from these major objects, there were many minor one into the film to help us find chuckles, guffaws, and occa theatre-shaking laughter that makes the years of the scre worthwhile: the spoon at the end of the rod that Rancho i the urinating senior; the single grey hair that is kneade are eating rotis at the Rastogi house; Chatur’s hand-craf that he so jealously guards for Phunsukh Wangdu, the comi us to weave in the Wangdu track without drawing attention that the friends so shockingly and irreverently waylay an immersing the ashes in the sewer, blackmail the fake Ranc 352 of the real Rancho being an imposter, thus enabling us t dramatic and funny. Pia’s helmet helped us negate the sen Rancho’s dream [“Pia, tum roz dulhan ke costume mein scoo sapne mein aati ho. Ghoongat ki jagah apna helmet uthaati ride into my dreams on your scooter, dressed as a bride. lift your helmet...) ] and last but not least, the two ke are flung at Farhan, one by Rancho and the other by the D friend and the other from a dreaded foe, one stolen and t both thrown at him with the same aim: to save a human lif The Dramatic Objects A chopper with a surveillance camera mounted atop, rises seems to embody the joy and goodwill of the entire campus the crowd beneath giving it rousing cheers, it continues Skylark — “Soaring doth thou sing, and singing ever soare hand, guides this invention to the window of its originat catch his astonishment and euphoria on the mounted camera hangs from the ceiling fan, a failure in his own eyes. Hi the flying camera, hovers outside his window, recoding th his flight from this world. This is the biggest turning point in the film. From this an imposter, living under an alias and hence keen on keep off his gloves and takes on the system. I am ashamed to admit that for one full year, for the fir the screenplay, we had something as lame as sleeping pill demise. Peel off a few drafts of the screenplay, and what mediocrity! A few rings, a wheelchair, a laptop, and a letter, these with the bulwark for the most important beat of the story movement where Raju Rastogi, a changed man after his suic faces a job interview and Farhan, unyielding but loving, for leaving engineering and embracing photography. Withou the scenes would have needed so many lines of dialogue to emotions that they would have degenerated into sermons. O the dialogue and deepen the emotion. 353 Before facing the job interview, Raju Rastogi takes off all his superstitions and fears and discards them in a me Wordlessly, with that mutinous clang, the hitherto weak m fearful self. Later, the wheelchair is crucial to the sce panel. More than what he has lost, the wheelchair represe “Dono taange tudvaake apne pairon pe khada rahena seekha legs to get me up on my feet). The same scene, without ch of dialogue, with Rastogi sitting in an ordinary chair wo same impact. A laptop versus a letter — that is the essence of the enc and his father. The letter is Farhan’s dream, written fiv photographer requesting apprenticeship but never posted f father’s heart. Rancho sends it out without Farhan’s know answers, inviting Farhan to the Brazilian rainforest to w stands at two divergent roads, one that leads him to engi his passion, photography. Which one will he take? At this father is proudly showing his mother the brand new laptop anticipation of a plush new engineering job. The laptop r for all the sacrifices and hardships that the father has of his son and all his solid and conservative hopes of a this sense, the laptop is the exact opposite of the sense and passion that the letter represents. The scene becomes disparate philosophies through two commonplace objects. W an ounce of anger or bitterness, with immense love and re see the validity of his argument, the letter wins. The fa return the laptop and buy a professional camera for his s Another such scene where two rival philosophies clash app the scene of the vital bet between Chatur and Rancho. It but of priorities and values: Chatur’s obsession with suc for excellence. The rivals decide on a date ten years lat compare notes on who won and who lost. While there is no the scene, we achieved the ‘concretisation’ or the ‘solid Chatur to carve out a date on the mossy wall of the terra the wall, the date became tangible, solid, permanent. It lacked when it was merely uttered verbally in earlier dra not merely on the wall but also on the psyche of the audi 354 Perhaps the most telling example of this ‘solidification is the interval point of the film. Both Raju and I were e afier a long and eventful journey, the friends seem to re puts his hand on the man’ shoulder, the man who turns and friend. It is a complete stranger. The friends are shocke narrated this scene to Vinod, he didn’t share our enthusi restless till he realised what he was missing in the scen the mystery. Vinod felt that without solid evidence of so might take the encounter with the wrong man as some minor a communication gaffe that might soon be sorted out. So h seconds to our scene: Afier meeting the stranger, Farhan of the classmates, featuring all three friends but the pl photo is now occupied by this total stranger. The wrong m inanimate photo provides the scene with the final turn of mystery suddenly becomes concrete. The plot thickens. Am I reading too much into this concept of ‘solidificatio through objects? Am I zealously overanalysing a moot poin scenes in 3 Idiots that do not rely on objects? Wrong. In scene of the film, Chatur’s speech that goes outrageously balatkar, dhan versus sttun] relies entirely on wordplay. Rancho’s deliberately obscure, whimsical, and wooly-heade [“Instruments that record, analyse, summarise, organise, that are illustrated, non-illustrated, hard-bound, paperb foreword, introduction, table-of-contents, index; that ar understanding, enrichment, enhancement and education of t sensory route of vision. Sometimes touch.”] In both these on verbal dexterity. In one instance crude, in the other, scenes, then, constitute the antithesis of my argument? H if anything, serve to demonstrate the devastating effects understanding and ‘solid’ conceptual clarity that plague The wordplay scenes are meant, as Rancho would put it, to obfuscation, empty jargon, hyperbole, pomposity, rote lea nothing but ‘balaktkar pe balatkar’. Objects were our closest allies for three years. Like a f call up in the middle of the night at the time of a crisi objects every time we were in trouble. Every time, they r 355 times, like good friends, they didn’t make a big show of and remained largely inconspicuous. Almost invisible. But is now a part of what Rogers and Hammerstein have famousl of my favorite things.” Right from the official stamp tha beginning of the film, to the astronauts pen that with on gloating victory into a humiliating defeat at the very en not have been written without dreaming up hundreds of suc menial of these objects, are for me, things of beauty. Th and filled them with humor or drama; they took our most a made them accessible. In Shakepeare’s words, they gave “the airy nothing a loca — Abhijat Joshi 356
46) 155) text: I never thought of casting Aamir in 3 Idiots. In his case his way to the right role. Aamir, in real life, is Rancho — Rajkumar Hirani We had actually not thought of Aamir for 3 Idiots. I happ Mapuskar’s film Ferrari ki Sawari. During that time, we w casting for 3 Idiots. Aamir asked me if there was anythin he was keen to work with him. I immediately called him in And just like that, we found Rancho. — Vidhu Vinod Chopra In the twenty-six years that Aamir Khan has spent in the Vidhu Vinod Chopra have met and spoken about several proj offered 1942: A Love Story to Aamir but that fell through accustomed to Vinod calling him once every few years and dates for projects that were to begin shooting a month la hear the script but decline because he needed more time t reasoned that if Vinod called him barely a month before t for a project was to begin, then he was anyway not the ma the job. So when in late 2007, his phone rang with Vinod’s name fl screen, Aamir assumed that it was one of Vinod’s regular Vinod had called to discuss a project still in the proces conversation went something like this ... Aamir: “Yaar tu mujhe yeh sab filmein offer karta rehta h offer me a film with Raju?” (You keep offering me these films but why don’t you ever with Raju?) 360 Vinod: “Bulaonga to karega tu?” (IFT call you, will you do it?) Aamir: “Script achchi lagegi to zaroor karoonga.” (If I like the script, I will definitely do it.) Vinod: “To phir aaja kal aur sunn le.” (Then come tomorrow and hear it.) Unaware that Raju had a ready script or was even working stunned by the turn of events. Vinod had managed to stump But this time things did work out. You had expressed a desire to work with Raju. Both of you discussed a project. Why did things not work out earlier? I have very high regard for Raju’s work and for Raju as a we met was at the premiere of Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. | loved it was wonderful. A little over six months after that, Ra idea he had for a film. This was before Lage Raho. 1 was decided to meet the moment I was back in town. After I re meet me and told me that things had changed. In fact, the met, he decided that the idea he was to share with me, wo the second innings of Munna Bhai. 1 was still curious to I heard it, I thought it was a fantastic idea and complet genre. And Sanjay would do a great job but at the same ti missed out on an opportunity. What drew me to Raju was his unique style of filmmaking. two Munna Bhai films that he views his characters with a it is a bad guy in his film, his approach to the characte there is a certain joy and simplicity which is what appea Also, Raju is a straightforward person who you take to in and regard for each and every person he deals with, no ma After the first narration, what was your reaction to the My first reaction to the script was one of disappointment and if Raju had still wanted to make it the way it was th 361 opt out. I felt sad because I really wanted to work with of potential but it was not in place as yet. I expressed He heard me out and said that he agreed with quite a few me to give him some time and then he came back after abou I heard the script the second time round, I liked it. A l and he had agreed with, had been addressed. ‘What were the problems that you had with the first versi was narrated to you? My basic problem was that Rancho was too heroic in the fi and belting out one smart line after another. I felt he s guy. For example, in the introduction scene, initially, h faced the guys who were ragging him. It was Rancho’s atti that was a problem for me. The scene has stayed pretty mu been earlier. Rancho’s attitude did not make sense to me. into the first year should be scared when he faces his se guy who comes in and churns out smart lines. He came acro and too sure of himself. But as I understood him, he seem normal. He does not really know how to face guys who are are bullying him. That is the reason he runs away and hid The tone initially was of one-upmanship and I felt that R care about that. I wanted him to be scared in the ragging of fear and not out of knowing how to handle these tough in the scene where the Director addresses the first year about the astronaut’s pen, had I said my lines in a cocky would have comes across differently but when the lines ar excitement as though the idea has just occurred to the ch is a damn good one, so he just says it out loud because h takes on a different colour altogether. Rancho is enthusi and shares them spontaneously but he does not know why th because he has not said anything meaning to be funny. Yet joke. Other people find it funny. This is broadly what I was the crystallisation of the core thought that I was ex is trying to say — chase excellence and not success — and coming through in Rancho. 362 You were not convinced about playing a 20-year-old stude made you change your mind? When I read the script, I did not feel that Rancho is me naturally brilliant guy and I don’t see myself as that. R all along I have been following but as a personality he i myself as that. But broadly speaking, how he lives his li mine but when I was reading the script, I didn’t see it t myself that way, so I couldn’t relate myself to him. Howe that happened was that I told Raju what I felt: “Though I I going to fit this role? I am 43 now and by the time we 44 and I have to play a 20-year-old so I don’t think I am film. I personally feel you should cast someone in that a to help him find a younger actor for the role. My fear wa if people didn’t accept me as a 20-year-old, then the who toss. And that would not be worth it. You are making an e much hard work involved so why should you let the fate of weak point. Your lead actor is 44 and he is going to play not being convinced of it ourselves, if we still went ahe it looked bad, then what were we going to do? This is whe length. I think during our interaction leading up to this become increasingly convinced about me playing Rancho. Ma was not totally convinced. I don’t know what was going th that somewhere along the way, he became surer about me do the interaction helped him in his head as well. The first thought I looked young. Second, he felt that I could pull pulled off things that people have not expected me to. He Ghajini. His logic was that if I could pull that off, why him by saying that there were limits to what one can do p “Throughout your career, you have been like Rancho. You h unconventional. You have not followed any rules. Instead You have chased excellence and success has come after tha the audience is going to believe you as opposed to some o chasing success in reality but spouts these lines on scre credibility to the character and that is why I want you t opinion was but I kept insisting on finding a younger act on. What eventually helped me make up my mind was Raju’s 363 a lot of time together and discussed many drafts of the process Raju was certain that he wanted me for the role. as a director. I trust his judgement and instinct. I migh in a particular way but if the director is able to see me and excited about it, then that is important to me. I am so glad he pushed me. I decided to go with Raju’s ju my intense desire to work with him and, of course, what h me to take on the challenge. Once you were convinced and you signed the film, what was to Rancho? I felt Rancho is boyish and transparent. He has a clean h thinks and feels is quite evident to people. Had I actual have played the character differently. I don’t know how I it would have been different. At this age, I had the addi playing a guy half my age. I had to approach him differen mannerisms and the way I look to cut the age. I was reall so I lost a lot of muscle. I tried to look as small as po I wore oversized clothes. I had to internalise the manner internalise them, they come out totally fake. In my head, him, I felt he is a guy who is constantly moving. His min stays still. He is either scratching his head, shifting f shaking his head. He is quick. There is so much going on lot of buzz in him. That is how I saw him. And because he is going on inside him comes out spontaneously. This trai smart lines because the lines are very smart. I felt that cocky, then he will become a pain in the neck after a poi the audience has to feel he is innocent. Let me give you my toughest scenes in the film was when Rancho confronts death. Those are some pretty heavy lines. You might feel go and tell the head of your educational institute all th him without being asked anything is a rather extreme thin of Rancho’s words is severe. How does one pull this off? at one point to have Rancho drunk in this scene but then route. The best way then to go about it, and which is wha him as emotionally overwrought. He is so grief-stricken t 364 he feels without thinking of the consequences. And the o outspokenness of the earlier scene would be to show a deg the Director's office the next morning. He is not taking this like a challenge. He is making a plea. I am saying a Director and, therefore, I cannot come from a position of Basically, I played Rancho with a different attitude. He because he is innocent enough to be honest. He might be s say what he feels because that is who he is. The smart li retained but as an actor, I had to say them in a way that Farhan and Raju, as characters, were most likely to have them because most people would identify either with Farha Rancho is a man you admire but not someone who evokes sym Was this a concern for you? I was aware of this but it was not a concern for me. One Rancho, speaking from a purely dramatic point of view, is When the character does not have flaws, you may admire th emotionally connect with the character because he does no does not need your help. And he is succeeding in whatever is no sympathy or empathy for him. As an audience you don in him. For example, in Taare Zameen Par, your heart goes you see the trouble he is going through. You are totally is a very author-backed character. The characters in 3 /d a strong emotional connect with the audience are Farhan a two who have problems. There is a growth in these charact transformation through the film. In Rancho, there is no g from the beginning to the end. It was a very big challeng because emotionally he is not author-backed. His only pro but cannot marry her. But that is not the main plot. This was essential to not make him oversmart. He would have go I warned Raju about this in the beginning that we would h this guy or he would be in danger of going overboard. I t have to be careful as a director and watch out and not le And I think somewhere what works for Rancho is the screen screenplay really supports him. The story is about two fr 365 their friend. It is through their intensity, their warmt that the audience emotionally connects with Rancho, Whene I always cried in Farhan’s scene with his father and Raju but I never cried for Rancho. I never felt bad for him. I him emotionally. That came from the bonding and love that brought for Rancho in their performances. The warmth they seeps through to the audience. Again, at another level, t because throughout the film, you are looking for Rancho a flashes of him through Farhan’s eyes. We have not met him head-on only at the end where he is himself and not a per at from someone else’s point of view. The tenderness, love, and warmth the three friends share Rancho. The emotional high point for Rancho’s character i waiting nervously for his friends to return from the situ his father and Raju goes for a job interview) they have g moment he realises that they have returned triumphant fro breaks down. You were not convinced about Joy’s suicide being in the f You opposed it vehemently. Why was that? At the script level, I felt that it might not be necessar through in any case. It is accomplished through Virus’s c committed suicide. But the actual reason is a connected t retained, then the two scenes that came right after it wo negotiate for me. I was not convinced that people would b like we just discussed, Rancho is saying some very provoc the Director. See, either the tone of the film is at such this to the Director is alright because the entire film i doing that. So this worried me. The graveyard scene and t tough. Right after those is the classroom scene where he of the Director and getting away with it. That line was a Sir, mein aap ko engineering nahin sikha raha, mein to aa padhate kaise hain.” (1 am not teaching you engineering S to teach). I thought the audience would beat us for this. to carry this off. I thought it would be best for Rancho up his bag, and bolt out of there. If I had said these li 366 a manner which suggested that I was taking on the Direct been doomed. But coming back to Joy’s suicide, in hindsight, when I se was right about keeping the suicide just like he was righ that he took. The principal photography of the film began in August 200 Ladakh, the climax of the film, if not shot in the first to be shot after a year as Ladakh is only accessible for The decision was made to shoot the climax in Ladakh in th itself. Do you think it would have affected performances it at the beginning and not a year later which is what yo of terrible weather? I was very relieved that we could not shoot the entire cl it was a terrible experience for the entire team. We shot weather hits. It was scary how we evacuated everyone to s ends well. Our performances would have suffered because w characters as yet. Especially mine. At least Sharman and Bengaluru for the first few scenes of the film and, there a connect but my first day of shooting for 3 /diots was i that I was very happy because it would certainly have com we were able to bring in when we shot for it after shooti You actually drank for your drunken scenes. Method acting I actually find it difficult to do drunken scenes without performance if I actually drink and perform. I believe in my best performance and if anything helps in achieving th I am not one of those people who shy away from using thin their performance and eventually the film. What do you think is the core of 3 Idiots? Chase excellence and not success is definitely the core t do what you believe in and what makes you happy. What mak not always be conducive to what we commonly understand as wants to be a wildlife photographer and it may not appear 367 be successful doing that even in the conventional way. F to understand what success is. Doing what makes you happy success. It may get you less monetary benefits. However, monetary benefits and one must not discount that. So you conventional way as well by doing what makes you happy bu makes you happy, what is fulfilling to you. That is the c fl PIA SAHASTRABUDDHE: KAREENA KAPOOR The first thing I did was to ask Kareena to put on weight for other films, I would send her messages saying, “Hope had to be real and feisty. — Rajkumar Hirani I saw her in Omkara and Jab We Met. In my opinion, of all is one of the finest. It was a natural choice to go for a — Vidhu Vinod Chopra On a crisp November morning in 2003, Kareena Kapoor wangl hectic schedule and headed for Gaiety Galaxy, one of the halls in suburban Mumbai, to catch the first show of the She walked out of the hall mesmerised. A quick call was m from the parking lot of the hall enquiring about the man she had just seen. Zahid gushed: “He is God! He is God! D he has directed over 200 advertisements.” He promised to The film Kareena had seen was Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. and its Rajkumar Hirani. His name was immediately scribbled in th in her diary. Kareena’s mother, Babita, told her to play if need be: “Just tell him, ‘My mother is Sindhi just lik must work with me.’ You had wanted to work with Rajkumar Hirani and Aamir Kha time. 3 Idiots presented the opportunity to work with bot into place for you? ‘We met at Mukesh Ambani’s party in December 2007. Before him, he came up to me and told me how much he liked my wo 368 Then he said the magic words: “I am doing a film with Aa role for you.” I jumped and told him that I am game and h to narrate it to me. But Raju insisted that I hear it and I feel. He was writing at the time and promised to call t When a month passed by without a word, I messaged him. Th to wait for a week, and exactly a week later, Raju called finished and I was called in for a narration. I went for certainty that I would do this film. Nothing was going to the script. My first reaction was that this film would cr to be a part of it. I knew that the film belonged to the terms of screen-time would be small but this would be a g and only a fool would pass up this opportunity. I have wo for nearly a decade and this was the most real and evocat ever heard. Also, it was my chance to work with Raju Hira romance in his work are unmatched. He does not have to tr York, London, San Francisco, or build opulent sets or dra to create magic. He plays with the magic of moments, of s just moves you and stirs something deep within. I was in to change my mind. With Raju, you got Aamir as a bonus. It took a decade for come together. Surely there must have been opportunities There had been opportunities before this but nothing work to do Ghajini but when Murgadoss approached me for Ghajin Mani Ratnam’s Lajjo with Aamir. Aamir called me and said two back-to-back films with me. I opted out of Ghajini an Unfortunately, Lajjo was shelved. Vishal Bharadwaj was al with us. Aamir and he had creative differences over the s as well. Basically, every project we were supposed to do bump into Aamir and complain. He kept assuring me and pro give me one of the best films of his career. And today th feels like a dream. I am in 3 /diots and it is Aamir Khan lucky for the Kapoor sisters. Both, Karisma and I have gi him. I keep teasing Aamir: “You do one film in three year another heroine will get a chance to work with you. It wi Samaira (laughs).” Aamir is truly a genius. He is a gift 369 Pia is very different from the roles you have done so fa approach to Pia? Pia is real. She is spontaneous and outspoken. I have rec than I did for Geet from Jab We Met. Geet was euphoric, m life. Every girl wanted to be like Geet but Pia’s USP is touches a cord across all age groups. I was shooting Kurb as I was shooting for 3 Idiots. Kurbaan was such an inten other hand, is very real and these are roles much tougher heroine has to break away from her identity and image and This is where Raju’s brilliance comes in. On the sets of that’s what everybody saw. Kareena vanished for the time 3 Idiots. And Pia has made such an impact that it has lef this would happen and that is why the length of my role w ever thought of me as Kareena here. Though I was the only was doing multiple projects at the time, I gave priority first film I was doing with Raju, Vinod, and Aamir. At the time of the narration, I am sure, you must have lo confrontation between Pia and her father (Virus). That is belonged to you. Was that a part of the extensive rehears before the principal photography for the film began? This ia my favourite scene in the film. When I heard this would be my big opportunity and the centrepiece of my per to nail it. I had come fully prepared for it. Raju was ve scene. I am a spontaneous actress and too much rehearsing listened to me which was very nice of him. I requested hi I felt that the entire scene was set up in such a way tha it was to be spontaneous. The scene begins with Pia clear feel by the way she is putting away the plates and the sp explode. This was done in a single take. I don’t know wha not use glycerin. The moment I finished the shot, I expec a sound but there was complete silence on the floor. I pa messed up the scene. Raju removed the headphones. He had the entire crew gave me a thunderous applause. I was prep while and I knew if I did not get this right, then there 370 You did a drunken scene on screen for the first time in What was that experience like? Raju was really worried about this scene. I have never ev and I am a teetotaler. This stretched on for fifteen to t scenes are not easy to do. It is very tough to get the co and the slurs have to be the same. To make the job at han sync-sound film. Aamir helped me a lot in that scene. He centre of my forehead so that my eyes look a little cross I could drink if that helped me perform. These boys had d earlier and they had actually got drunk for it. Aamir kep glass of wine. I told them that this route would not work any alcohol I would just fall asleep instantly. There were so many takes we did. Finally, Raju asked us t was fed up. He said he would manage something in the edit thinking maybe I could not deliver as per expectations. B and people went wild about the dhokla-fafada scene. Fans from the scene and I went crazy with the kind of response because he had used a ‘No-Good’ take. Normally, actresses get the opportunity to do a drunken scene and when they d nail. I am happy that people gave me such an overwhelming drunken scene. Saif has worked with Vinod Chopra Films in Parineeta and everyone well. Any advice he offered before you took on t During the making of Ek/avya, Raju had spoken to Saif abo time he was still writing. Shahrukh Khan stepped in later Aamir did the film. These changes are common in the indus changing according to how the script pans out. Maybe 3 /d be for Saif but he was so happy when he got to know that it. He was constantly on the sets with me and he saw the the first print was out. He was completely floored by it. have they made? How are we ever going to surpass this? Wh Everything will now fall short of 3 /diots.” Even though hit — Love Aajkal — the same year, he is one actor who wa our team. He is very close to Vinod, Raju, and Aamir, and the making of the film. He is as much a part of the 3 Idi 371 Hf VIRU SAHASTRABUDDHE: BOMAN IRANI Boman has to be a part of all my films. After school and lifelong friends. Boman is one such friend I have made. H for this role and he did not have a choice but to agree t and I can completely take advantage of that friendship. — Rajkumar Hirani Raju and your relationship organically developed into one films. Your interaction on a film is not restricted to ju you are playing. You are an integral part of his ideas te revolving around the script between you and him are an es creative process. What was your reaction to the idea and the first time you heard it? Raju told me about buying the rights to Five Point Someon for IIFA (2007). Raju was there to pick up the best direc I was very surprised that Raju had bought the rights for reaction to it was: “What are you going to do with the bo not seem like material for a film.” Raju told me that he on the screenplay. A few months later when Raju and I wer he narrated the script to me and I loved it. I had my con over several subsequent sessions but what they had done w You were reluctant to play Virus because you thought it w strokes a repeat of Asthana from M.B.B.S. Why were you ap Virus and what convinced you? I was offered this role even by the guy who was planning earlier but he could not get the project off the ground. character, I felt Irfan Khan would be very interesting in seemed a lot like Asthana from M.B.B.S. though Raju kept different. Eventually, I realised that I didn’t have a ch T couldn't say no to Raju. Once that was settled, Raju an on the character, fleshing it out and giving it body. A lot of people felt that Virus was more a caricature tha do you feel about that? 372 Virus comes across as a caricature because, with all due have been teaching for many years do become somewhat cari I fed on that. I played that up and that is why he seems and I travelled to Pune for a weekend. While writing 3 Jd farmhouse there which was used for writing sessions. For worked out Virus. I wanted this man to be special. I thought of him as dark being the underlying trait more than anything else. The t has a mean streak. Then we started padding him up with qu character. The idea was also to take Virus away from Asth We gave Virus this unruly dense crop of hair on his head. wore these ill-fitting clothes belonging to another gener from people I know in real life. Interestingly, Virus’s d nap whilst listening to opera and getting his shave done Gandhi's life. He didn’t listen to opera but he was a ver his staff to cut his nails and shave him whilst he took a time. This was our reference point for the quirk we added Then I wanted him to lisp. For that I had to rehearse for did not look natural, it could go very wrong. Another of Virus has to be ambidextrous. I had called up Abhijat and discuss this with them. They loved it. Being ambidextrous my perception of Virus was that he is a genius. He is not he has chosen to devote his life to numbers instead of ap pursuits. The only thing that we changed was his body lan that it might be interesting to have a man who constantly a race and his every habit is geared towards saving time, in his own movements. He walks and moves slowly, but duri did not work at all so we changed it. All this really hel a character. This is your first film with Aamir Khan. He is the protag antagonist so to speak in 3 Idiots. What was the experien This script was narrated to everyone from Hrithik to Shah why Aamir was not considered but eventually he is the one a perfect fit for the role. He is amazing to work with in 373 commitment, courtesy. The experience of working with him thing about Aamir is that, the equation is not of two co- of two colleagues, two collaborators. No one is working a us become a team and our goal — the film. During the interviews, everyone told me that Raju pampers anyone else on the sets? Is that true? Who told you that? Tell me? (laughing) Were Sharman, Raju about this? I am sure they were. This is just what everyo everyone. No special favours extended to me. Hf RAJU RASTOGI: SHARMAN JOSHI Sharman was on my radar since the time my wife, Manjeet, in Style. We had both really liked him and I wanted to wo right role came along. — Rajkumar Hirani Sharman Joshi would have frequented the theatres more had movie watching would reap such rich benefits. In early 20 of Globus, a theatre in Bandra (Mumbai) and noticed Raju team in the compound of the cinema hall. Sharman had alwa with Raju. Though tempted to walk up to him and introduce hesitated thinking that this might not be the right place was pleasantly surprised when on spotting him, Raju smile Confidence boosted, Sharman walked up to him. But bigger surprises were in store for Sharman that night had a role for him but since he was still in the process in touch with him soon. Sharman went home in a daze. How did 3 Idiots come together for you? I believe that th multiplexes have played an important role? (Smiles) The first time Raju Sir told me he had a role fo meeting in the compound of a cinema hall. Though I did no for a few months, after that I knew that the offer was fo 374 you meet Raju Sir, you can feel the honesty and sincerit sweet-talking types. So I was assured in my mind that som of our meeting. But as luck would have it, we bumped into at a multiplex (PVR in Juhu). We met in the restroom afte stood there chatting for 15 minutes. Again, a few months bumped into each other in the restroom of the same multip time during the interval. Raju and I joked that slowly we beginning of the film. Three chance meetings at cinema ha Finally, we connected and I went and met him at his offic supposed to be a casual one but I think Raju was so excit narrated the entire script to me. This would be approxima first meeting in the compound of a cinema hall. Shahrukh was doing the film at the time when I was signed an eight-month break where Shahrukh was not doing the fil Aamir came in. Once Aamir came in, I was constantly in to during the in-between period, I did not bother him at all thing happened. What was your first reaction to the script? I loved the script and even though they still had to make me, I went out that night and celebrated. I didn’t even k would play — Farhan or Raju — if I was doing the film. I characters so it would not have mattered to me which one Shahrukh was playing Rancho but later Aamir came in, and for both the parts. I had read Five Point Someone so for I had come with some pre-conceived notions about the diff For example, in the book, Alok’s character is rather weak about that. But once the script was narrated to me, the c different and was not weak. By the time Aamir was finalis happened, script narrations started, and then the auditio playing either part because I felt both had a lot of scop meat and challenge. What is beautiful about working with little change, Raju involves everyone. His humility is on truly and honestly respects every individual. I was pleas gave me a pen and pad and asked me to jot down what I fel 375 if I had any inputs, these could be discussed. He likes importantly, that participation is truly appreciated. I auditioned for the role with the scene in the Director' caught gate-crashing his daughter Mona’s wedding. It is t per plate cost kya thi”. At that time, Madhavan was not t with another actor. I was drawn to the script because it is about finding you Farhan confronts his father and his job interview are the the human element in the film and the journey of these tw themselves through various experiences. You said that you auditioned for both Raju and Farhan? Di like both the roles equally? Raju Sir being Raju Sir gave me the option of auditioning I wanted to play. This he did in the first meeting itself there with pre-conceived notions so I had my apprehension I felt about Alok’s character. He just smiled and narrate the narration, he asked me the same question. My answer t whichever one he would like me to audition for. I had und characters were solid. He made me audition for Raju. Then made me audition for Farhan. Eventually, he made me play Raju’s character. Frankly, th that I really didn’t have to do much. This script is rema is the way it has been executed. For an actor, half the j Before the first schedule began, I read the script many t progression of the entire script from any given point in the Bible, therefore, whichever scene we shot for, I play head, followed the progression and performed it according set were the script, Raju Sir, and my instincts. For all the drunken scenes in the film, I believe you peo ‘What was that experience like? We had a blast shooting the water tank scene and the one house. It was so much fun. The night at the water tank we 376 We gave lengthy takes. The production team finally asked they were running out of stock though I don’t think that just wanted us to pack up (laughs). The night after that, house. Vinod Chopra was with us that night so he also dra trailer. After a few drinks, he said: “Koi bhi bahar ka d producer hai, khud bhi pee raha hai aur apne actors ko bh ho gayi to kya hoga?” (If anyone from outside the unit we would wonder what kind of a producer I am — not only am I also making my actors drink. What will happen if the shoo Not by design but by chance, Aamir, Madhavan, and you wer the ‘3 Idiots’ and you had worked with each other before What was it like on the sets? I was ecstatic when Aamir came in. We already had an equa life was going to be on the sets and that made me very ha Raju Sir on the sets and he was a pleasure as well. I was would be on the sets. I think he was a bit paranoid in th was a lot of responsibility and pressure on him. He neede I started to feel the pressure too. It was a Raju Hirani predictably, there were a lot of expectations. I could fe it was for Raju Sir to set the right tone on the sets fro was done, Raju Sir transformed and everything lightened u factor with Aamir and Maddy. Also, Raju Sir really pamper tease him about pampering Boman more and Boman would prot is a complete sense of freedom with Raju Sir. You are all whichever way you want to and try options if you feel the to the scene. He is very caring towards every individual transfers onto the screen. Hf FARHAN QURESHI: MADHAVAN Madhavan came in because we were looking for a competent I had my doubts about Madhavan only because of his weight he would shed but I caught him eating kulfi once. After t even lower but then I was pleasantly surprised with his c exceedingly well. — Vidhu Vinod Chopra 377 He watched Secret, the screen adaptation of Rhonda Byrne book. Amongst other things, Secret talks about quantifyin down on paper. He did just that and wrote down the names wanted to work with. Raju Hirani’s name topped the list. Three weeks later he received a message from Raju Hirani. The next day, Madhavan boarded a flight to Mumbai. You were approached for Munna Bhai at the time Raju was t it as a television series. What was the meeting like? I don’t remember meeting Raju for the television series. had met but I have no recollection of the meeting. It was M.B.B.S. released that I came to know that it was this pa had wanted to make for television for which he had approa I remember seeing Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. and saying where ha hiding all this while. It is a sign of greatness to be ab the simplest manner. He struck me as a filmmaker and not I desperately wanted to get in touch with him. I remember the message I sent him after watching the film. He immedi and told me that he likes my work immensely. ‘We met sporadically after that at award functions and so approached Raju to write the screenplay of Ramji Londonwa was a subject that might appeal to him. He was busy with but he was kind enough to suggest Abbas Tyrewala for it. up with his own film. Eventually, Sanjay Dayma wrote the moment I met Raju that our connection was for keeps. How did 3 Idiots happen? Your belief is that the process watching the film Secret. What happened when you got the Sarita, my wife, had been telling me to get in touch with he was making a film that revolved around three engineeri with her that films don’t get made that way. If Raju had for a role, it wouldn't be right for me and I did not wan by calling him. When I got the message from him, Sarita a stunned silence. I don’t know how much this has to do wit 378 an amazing coincidence. The message was simple: “Maddy, Even before calling him back, I told Sarita that I was do Then I called up Raju and he politely asked me to meet hi Mumbai next. I told him, “I am coming tomorrow.” I rememb and meeting him. He narrated the script to me which made the same time. I immediately offered to give him a screen test. He was a out two scenes from the script. One of them was eventuall is the scene where one of the puppies I have grown fond o I get drunk and react. The other scene was the scene with where I tell him that I don’t want to pursue engineering. a decision right then even though I could see that he was he would let me know. I did not hear from him for two wee mail from him saying that Vinod Chopra would call me. Thi April 2008 and we were supposed to shoot in August. After time, I called Raju and asked him if I could give my date from them and my other producers were waiting. Raju was s and said that I absolutely couldn't give away my dates be in July. Apparently there was some confusion and I had no Vinod called and things were finalised. Did you audition for both the roles or was it always Farh Farhan was the only role I related to when I heard the sc only Farhan in mind as far as I was concerned. When Raju I knew that every student and every father in the country If I was able to pull this role off, then that would be m What were your first reactions to the script? The best part about Raju is that he encourages us to thin are to play. Our feedback is considered and taken very se for a long time, I felt that I did not have enough of a t father. Initially, the letter to Andre Istevan was not th Raju several times about this. Two or three weeks later, idea of the letter to Andre Istevan that Farhan never pos the trigger. I did not even know that Raju had taken my a 379 and had been working on it. Raju came up with this idea planted the fact that I am an animal lover with a natural wildlife photography. The film started its principal photography with your scen ‘What was your approach to Farhan as he is also the narra The first transformation you see on screen is in Farhan. challenge of making that believable. If the audience did then it would set the wrong tone for the film. I set abou Also as a character, I go through maximum transformation. happens in college after his suicide attempt. He loses hi change in his attitude evident in the interview scene but in terms of his personality was to happen once he left co marked difference between the Farhan the audience would s and the one they would see in college. I gave myself a da look for the portions in the present. I am a wildlife pho spend time in the sun, wear those jackets with many pocke come in handy on a shoot and name an edgier personality. dimension to Farhan, the wildlife photographer. But as an is mild and innocent. I went completely clean shaven, chu boyish glasses. It took us a very long time to zero in on So, I worked on the look as well as the personality to ma of the character is evident and real. Hf CHATUR RAMALINGAM: OMI VAIDYA We took a huge gamble by casting Omi. He has a long and i and we were casting someone for it who did not know Hindi chance we took which paid off eventually. Omi is a great and believability to Chatur’ character which was critical — Rajkumar Hirani His feet were killing him. The entire day he had spent ru taking care of proceedings at a grand Marathi event that Angeles. A lot of people from the Marathi community in Am attend the event. Finally, the night was winding down and and have some fun. He hit the dance floor and inadvertent 380 a girl. She was a screenwriter from Michigan and he, a w director. They exchanged numbers. Four years later, the actor-director while on a visit to for his film, got a call from her — out of the blue. Supr from Michigan was now working with Vinod Chopra on Broken to give Omi Vaidya a heads-up on a possible role in their Omi Vaidya might never have bagged this career-altering r random dance four years ago at a Marathi night in Los Ang You have lived in America all your life and are a working Hindi Cinema on your agenda? Both my parents were very supportive of my choice to purs it would have been very difficult to do this. Most Indian not have managed to do what I did. I had my family backin the reason it was possible. My mother had wanted to becom could never pursue that desire so she made sure that at l dreams. Therefore, I did not have to worry about things l college and was able to concentrate only on acting. Bolly on the radar nor was the sensibility preferred or familia about Bollywood films. I had seen some of Aamir Khan's fi long films with all the dancing made little sense to me a hold much appeal for me either. I had seen a bit of Munna nothing of Lage Raho. All of this, I later realised, was asset to have little knowledge of Bollywood. It helped me with the top-of-the-line actors like Aamir Khan in 3 Jdot down by the awe of shooting with the biggest star in Boll without being hampered. How did 3 Idiots happen and what drew you to the material plans or inclination to be part of Hindi Cinema? When I got a call from Supriya, I sent my showreel across he felt that I was very boyish and, most importantly, I w I was very sceptical. I informed them that I didn’t speak how would this be feasible. The people scheduled to audit listen assuming that I would at least have some knowledge 381 everybody who says they don’t know the language, do know they know that I really did not know the language at all. I was auditioned on Raju Rastogi’s lines from the film an some three hours in the office reading the material. Duri after I started saying the lines, the casting director st minute into the audition, she asked me to stop. I was pol that they had not been impressed but then I had gone in k fail, What worked in my favour was that Raju came into th meeting his team. He had some work there so I ran into hi bit and therefore a personal connection was established. A few days later, I received a call from the team asking this time, they said that they would send me a script for a portion from Munna Bhai. The brief was that I would hav not speak them. I was not to worry about speaking Hindi c was an NRI though he had not been fully fleshed out as ye what Omi would do. I felt much more comfortable with this that even though I knew what I was saying, I did it like would not know what he was saying. So I did gestures that syne with what I was saying. They liked this a lot. After character expanded a little bit. I was told that the char corporate concern, always in a suit with a whole lot of e He has come back to India to prove a point to these guys of him. This was what I was given to play with. I was ask about the Hindi. If I so wanted, then I could do it all i test even better. I smoked a ciggarette and did my thing. I knew were the bad words so I sprinkled what I was sayin was there with me so she was a bit shocked. I did the audition well but I was quite sure that I was n did not speak the language at all. I went back to LA afte hear from the 3 /diots team for a month. In LA, if you do after an audition, it can be safely assumed that you didn But a month later, I got a call from the production team that I would be auditioning with scenes from 3 Idiots. I the race and, therefore, being seriously considered. Then They gave me the now famous balatkar speech scene. The ot 382 me was the water tank scene where I lose my temper and t and Chatur is made. I could see that they wanted to gauge both comedy and drama. The Broken Horses team was in New to New Mexico and did the audition. I gave it my best sho make it for this audition and I don’t regret my decision. call from the team for another month. Then Raju called me that though I had done a great job someone had taught me lines. He was right because my mom had taught me. He told Hindi as this character would know very little Hindi. The that, therefore, if I wanted the role, I would have to st watching Hindi movies. He did not want my interpretation performance to be affected by such factors. Things work differently here than in the West. Did you ha about being away from the Hollywood scene for the conside 3 Idiots demanded you to be away? I had my doubts because I was giving up six months of my much according to Hollywood standards. I worried about wh choice or not. But the very reason I chose this as my pre because I wanted to be able to do new, fun, and exciting all the things I looked for in a job. It was a new system be operating in. Therefore, I wanted to do this and it wa sincerity and personal emails to me convinced me that I w Once I came down here and saw the level of professional c the sincerity and the seriousness, I knew I had taken the What were your first reactions to the script? That it is a very long one (laughs). There were lots of p but I kept my focus on Chatur. I had not thought of the f focussed on my character. When I saw the full film, that the whole film was all about. I really just kept my mind of knowledge of the language kept me from understanding a You were already dealing with language issues. I am sure in the film that were more challenging than others. Tell tough ones you had to get your head around? 383 It has to be the scene on the water tank where I am angr happy person and emotions like anger and jealousy do not Before performing this scene, I had to separate myself fr to do a good job. The anger and depression had to be work day break before we were to shoot this scene. I requested production for those three days and to just put me up in or hotel somewhere away from everyone. Raju agreed and I I reached the set three days later, I kept to myself and Raju loved my work in that scene. It took me another thre to come out of the state I had driven myself into though. ‘What was the experience like for you since this is your Cinema? The whole experience was very different from America. It I really wanted to do this and I am glad I did. This was that Raju wanted me and it is very rare and different fro the director wants you or does not want you does not matt guys make the decision. Here, the director really liked m we had developed a personal connection. Systems-wise, thi different from the West. Here make-up and costume trials room which was a little odd. I got the script five days b Though it took some getting used to, all of this had its not from here so I don’t really have hang ups about chatt with the drivers and kitchen staff. So I could absorb a l the ground realities a lot better as I chatted with these the most interesting stories. The others are more politic show business all the time. The biggest perk of the role balding guy in major chunks of the film for which I had t on twelve kilograms and had a lot of fun doing that becau I wanted and did not have to exercise. — Smriti Kiran 384