31) 12) dialog: Who's it?
31) 22) dialog: Why? eats are ara ¥ or ond @, sire fax Horr oar 2 The hand Rancho is talking to, slams on a light switch. The light comes on to reveal the person the hand belongs to, as she sits up. si are da aét ott & eis Rancho recoils with shock at the sight of Mona, falling off the stool. Raju gets ready to make a run for it. org tH att... at aM aA Fra a aT (wistfully) art era | From under the quilt next to Mona, Pia emerges. frat diet! dha F gat cer! are ater aT Sear xe - 3 (befuddled) a ar 8? 190
31) 24) dialog: The noses never collide, stupid!
31) 26) dialog: I wish I was.
31) 28) dialog: Pia, kiss him. Show that noses don't collide. You have my permission, kiss him... He's so cute!
31) 32) dialog: Who are you?
31) 33) dialog: ‘When you were talking, he kicked. First time! it ‘i?
31) 37) dialog: Papa asked the astrologer if we'd get an engineer or a doctor.
31) 41) dialog: Ha! He kicked! Say it again “Aal izz well”.
31) 46) dialog: Kicked again. Once more ~ “Aal izz well”.
39) 62) dialog: Pia!
39) 63) dialog: Let’s go, Pia, we're late.
40) 34) dialog: Mr. Papa-'To-Be!
40) 36) dialog: One minute, Pia! Pia!
40) 41) dialog: He kicked!
40) 95) dialog: Stop it, Pia! Pia turns and looks into her Father's eyes. frar amet aT pray @, fe wear ea A fire We A? Mona gets up from her chair and rushes forward.
40) 96) dialog: Shut up, Pia! Increasingly distraught, Pia lashes out at her Father.
40) 104) dialog: Dad, you go to your room.
40) 105) dialog: Pia, don’t do this! frat aed a1 She holds up the piece of paper in her hands. fra we a Bass ae F Ser Ew fra set wa, 331 aT (tears filling her eyes) far ama va @ at der oi frat (shouting, in anguish) war dt oS wart ater She looks at her Father, weeping uncontrollably. fear UH a, TH UH Ie aT GA HE eq — fe wet act shafraftt dt ee t1 ot (shaking the suicide note in his face) a omy agar fier at 3s The Director reaches for the note. He pulls at it with both hands. Pia, sobbing brokenly, finally lets it go. sretaet (fiercely, on the verge of breaking down) at yas wal Ae AehAT| Pia looks at him through her tears. 262
40) 108) dialog: Put that away, please!
41) 5) dialog: Dad ... The Director, in the fog of grief, doesn’t hear her. Behind him, Mona crouches on the ground, holding her stomach. She’ in pain.
41) 6) dialog: Dad!
42) 5) dialog: Rancho, Pia.
42) 10) dialog: No Pia, he ...
44) 15) text: Raju, with Farhan’s help, wheels the computer table to where Mona is lying. wert a at, far frar aa aa GH a am FS Ger oa, ait? Mona writhes in pain.
44) 16) dialog: Gelling) Pia, I'm dying! At the nurse's station, a hospital Matron joins Pia. She looks at the laptop screen, worried. frat wea aa far # efferent cite Sige wet a aa ft seg ter ae a1 In the common room, Rancho, Millimeter next to him, nods, dazed. alt tl At the nurse’s station, Pia speaks firmly into the web camera. fear eer ot fectate ga arr wer 268
44) 33) dialog: Stop it! I can’t do it.
44) 36) text: at? At the nurse's station, Pia calls out with increasing panic. fra ay at Pat aed In the common room, Rancho is still hesitant. Mona explodes.
44) 37) dialog: Go! ™ . aT ST ST, Fat, at ey SIAL | 271
44) 177) text: Come on, Champ! (to Pia) sal, qe vel at ver FI At the nurse’s station, the Matron breaks down. Pia is frantic. frar wre Fe FX ea Bil BAI Rancho blows air into the baby’s mouth repeatedly. The Director looks from the baby to Mona, desperate, hoping. Mona stares at her baby, trembling.
46) 155) text: I never thought of casting Aamir in 3 Idiots. In his case his way to the right role. Aamir, in real life, is Rancho — Rajkumar Hirani We had actually not thought of Aamir for 3 Idiots. I happ Mapuskar’s film Ferrari ki Sawari. During that time, we w casting for 3 Idiots. Aamir asked me if there was anythin he was keen to work with him. I immediately called him in And just like that, we found Rancho. — Vidhu Vinod Chopra In the twenty-six years that Aamir Khan has spent in the Vidhu Vinod Chopra have met and spoken about several proj offered 1942: A Love Story to Aamir but that fell through accustomed to Vinod calling him once every few years and dates for projects that were to begin shooting a month la hear the script but decline because he needed more time t reasoned that if Vinod called him barely a month before t for a project was to begin, then he was anyway not the ma the job. So when in late 2007, his phone rang with Vinod’s name fl screen, Aamir assumed that it was one of Vinod’s regular Vinod had called to discuss a project still in the proces conversation went something like this ... Aamir: “Yaar tu mujhe yeh sab filmein offer karta rehta h offer me a film with Raju?” (You keep offering me these films but why don’t you ever with Raju?) 360 Vinod: “Bulaonga to karega tu?” (IFT call you, will you do it?) Aamir: “Script achchi lagegi to zaroor karoonga.” (If I like the script, I will definitely do it.) Vinod: “To phir aaja kal aur sunn le.” (Then come tomorrow and hear it.) Unaware that Raju had a ready script or was even working stunned by the turn of events. Vinod had managed to stump But this time things did work out. You had expressed a desire to work with Raju. Both of you discussed a project. Why did things not work out earlier? I have very high regard for Raju’s work and for Raju as a we met was at the premiere of Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. | loved it was wonderful. A little over six months after that, Ra idea he had for a film. This was before Lage Raho. 1 was decided to meet the moment I was back in town. After I re meet me and told me that things had changed. In fact, the met, he decided that the idea he was to share with me, wo the second innings of Munna Bhai. 1 was still curious to I heard it, I thought it was a fantastic idea and complet genre. And Sanjay would do a great job but at the same ti missed out on an opportunity. What drew me to Raju was his unique style of filmmaking. two Munna Bhai films that he views his characters with a it is a bad guy in his film, his approach to the characte there is a certain joy and simplicity which is what appea Also, Raju is a straightforward person who you take to in and regard for each and every person he deals with, no ma After the first narration, what was your reaction to the My first reaction to the script was one of disappointment and if Raju had still wanted to make it the way it was th 361 opt out. I felt sad because I really wanted to work with of potential but it was not in place as yet. I expressed He heard me out and said that he agreed with quite a few me to give him some time and then he came back after abou I heard the script the second time round, I liked it. A l and he had agreed with, had been addressed. ‘What were the problems that you had with the first versi was narrated to you? My basic problem was that Rancho was too heroic in the fi and belting out one smart line after another. I felt he s guy. For example, in the introduction scene, initially, h faced the guys who were ragging him. It was Rancho’s atti that was a problem for me. The scene has stayed pretty mu been earlier. Rancho’s attitude did not make sense to me. into the first year should be scared when he faces his se guy who comes in and churns out smart lines. He came acro and too sure of himself. But as I understood him, he seem normal. He does not really know how to face guys who are are bullying him. That is the reason he runs away and hid The tone initially was of one-upmanship and I felt that R care about that. I wanted him to be scared in the ragging of fear and not out of knowing how to handle these tough in the scene where the Director addresses the first year about the astronaut’s pen, had I said my lines in a cocky would have comes across differently but when the lines ar excitement as though the idea has just occurred to the ch is a damn good one, so he just says it out loud because h takes on a different colour altogether. Rancho is enthusi and shares them spontaneously but he does not know why th because he has not said anything meaning to be funny. Yet joke. Other people find it funny. This is broadly what I was the crystallisation of the core thought that I was ex is trying to say — chase excellence and not success — and coming through in Rancho. 362 You were not convinced about playing a 20-year-old stude made you change your mind? When I read the script, I did not feel that Rancho is me naturally brilliant guy and I don’t see myself as that. R all along I have been following but as a personality he i myself as that. But broadly speaking, how he lives his li mine but when I was reading the script, I didn’t see it t myself that way, so I couldn’t relate myself to him. Howe that happened was that I told Raju what I felt: “Though I I going to fit this role? I am 43 now and by the time we 44 and I have to play a 20-year-old so I don’t think I am film. I personally feel you should cast someone in that a to help him find a younger actor for the role. My fear wa if people didn’t accept me as a 20-year-old, then the who toss. And that would not be worth it. You are making an e much hard work involved so why should you let the fate of weak point. Your lead actor is 44 and he is going to play not being convinced of it ourselves, if we still went ahe it looked bad, then what were we going to do? This is whe length. I think during our interaction leading up to this become increasingly convinced about me playing Rancho. Ma was not totally convinced. I don’t know what was going th that somewhere along the way, he became surer about me do the interaction helped him in his head as well. The first thought I looked young. Second, he felt that I could pull pulled off things that people have not expected me to. He Ghajini. His logic was that if I could pull that off, why him by saying that there were limits to what one can do p “Throughout your career, you have been like Rancho. You h unconventional. You have not followed any rules. Instead You have chased excellence and success has come after tha the audience is going to believe you as opposed to some o chasing success in reality but spouts these lines on scre credibility to the character and that is why I want you t opinion was but I kept insisting on finding a younger act on. What eventually helped me make up my mind was Raju’s 363 a lot of time together and discussed many drafts of the process Raju was certain that he wanted me for the role. as a director. I trust his judgement and instinct. I migh in a particular way but if the director is able to see me and excited about it, then that is important to me. I am so glad he pushed me. I decided to go with Raju’s ju my intense desire to work with him and, of course, what h me to take on the challenge. Once you were convinced and you signed the film, what was to Rancho? I felt Rancho is boyish and transparent. He has a clean h thinks and feels is quite evident to people. Had I actual have played the character differently. I don’t know how I it would have been different. At this age, I had the addi playing a guy half my age. I had to approach him differen mannerisms and the way I look to cut the age. I was reall so I lost a lot of muscle. I tried to look as small as po I wore oversized clothes. I had to internalise the manner internalise them, they come out totally fake. In my head, him, I felt he is a guy who is constantly moving. His min stays still. He is either scratching his head, shifting f shaking his head. He is quick. There is so much going on lot of buzz in him. That is how I saw him. And because he is going on inside him comes out spontaneously. This trai smart lines because the lines are very smart. I felt that cocky, then he will become a pain in the neck after a poi the audience has to feel he is innocent. Let me give you my toughest scenes in the film was when Rancho confronts death. Those are some pretty heavy lines. You might feel go and tell the head of your educational institute all th him without being asked anything is a rather extreme thin of Rancho’s words is severe. How does one pull this off? at one point to have Rancho drunk in this scene but then route. The best way then to go about it, and which is wha him as emotionally overwrought. He is so grief-stricken t 364 he feels without thinking of the consequences. And the o outspokenness of the earlier scene would be to show a deg the Director's office the next morning. He is not taking this like a challenge. He is making a plea. I am saying a Director and, therefore, I cannot come from a position of Basically, I played Rancho with a different attitude. He because he is innocent enough to be honest. He might be s say what he feels because that is who he is. The smart li retained but as an actor, I had to say them in a way that Farhan and Raju, as characters, were most likely to have them because most people would identify either with Farha Rancho is a man you admire but not someone who evokes sym Was this a concern for you? I was aware of this but it was not a concern for me. One Rancho, speaking from a purely dramatic point of view, is When the character does not have flaws, you may admire th emotionally connect with the character because he does no does not need your help. And he is succeeding in whatever is no sympathy or empathy for him. As an audience you don in him. For example, in Taare Zameen Par, your heart goes you see the trouble he is going through. You are totally is a very author-backed character. The characters in 3 /d a strong emotional connect with the audience are Farhan a two who have problems. There is a growth in these charact transformation through the film. In Rancho, there is no g from the beginning to the end. It was a very big challeng because emotionally he is not author-backed. His only pro but cannot marry her. But that is not the main plot. This was essential to not make him oversmart. He would have go I warned Raju about this in the beginning that we would h this guy or he would be in danger of going overboard. I t have to be careful as a director and watch out and not le And I think somewhere what works for Rancho is the screen screenplay really supports him. The story is about two fr 365 their friend. It is through their intensity, their warmt that the audience emotionally connects with Rancho, Whene I always cried in Farhan’s scene with his father and Raju but I never cried for Rancho. I never felt bad for him. I him emotionally. That came from the bonding and love that brought for Rancho in their performances. The warmth they seeps through to the audience. Again, at another level, t because throughout the film, you are looking for Rancho a flashes of him through Farhan’s eyes. We have not met him head-on only at the end where he is himself and not a per at from someone else’s point of view. The tenderness, love, and warmth the three friends share Rancho. The emotional high point for Rancho’s character i waiting nervously for his friends to return from the situ his father and Raju goes for a job interview) they have g moment he realises that they have returned triumphant fro breaks down. You were not convinced about Joy’s suicide being in the f You opposed it vehemently. Why was that? At the script level, I felt that it might not be necessar through in any case. It is accomplished through Virus’s c committed suicide. But the actual reason is a connected t retained, then the two scenes that came right after it wo negotiate for me. I was not convinced that people would b like we just discussed, Rancho is saying some very provoc the Director. See, either the tone of the film is at such this to the Director is alright because the entire film i doing that. So this worried me. The graveyard scene and t tough. Right after those is the classroom scene where he of the Director and getting away with it. That line was a Sir, mein aap ko engineering nahin sikha raha, mein to aa padhate kaise hain.” (1 am not teaching you engineering S to teach). I thought the audience would beat us for this. to carry this off. I thought it would be best for Rancho up his bag, and bolt out of there. If I had said these li 366 a manner which suggested that I was taking on the Direct been doomed. But coming back to Joy’s suicide, in hindsight, when I se was right about keeping the suicide just like he was righ that he took. The principal photography of the film began in August 200 Ladakh, the climax of the film, if not shot in the first to be shot after a year as Ladakh is only accessible for The decision was made to shoot the climax in Ladakh in th itself. Do you think it would have affected performances it at the beginning and not a year later which is what yo of terrible weather? I was very relieved that we could not shoot the entire cl it was a terrible experience for the entire team. We shot weather hits. It was scary how we evacuated everyone to s ends well. Our performances would have suffered because w characters as yet. Especially mine. At least Sharman and Bengaluru for the first few scenes of the film and, there a connect but my first day of shooting for 3 /diots was i that I was very happy because it would certainly have com we were able to bring in when we shot for it after shooti You actually drank for your drunken scenes. Method acting I actually find it difficult to do drunken scenes without performance if I actually drink and perform. I believe in my best performance and if anything helps in achieving th I am not one of those people who shy away from using thin their performance and eventually the film. What do you think is the core of 3 Idiots? Chase excellence and not success is definitely the core t do what you believe in and what makes you happy. What mak not always be conducive to what we commonly understand as wants to be a wildlife photographer and it may not appear 367 be successful doing that even in the conventional way. F to understand what success is. Doing what makes you happy success. It may get you less monetary benefits. However, monetary benefits and one must not discount that. So you conventional way as well by doing what makes you happy bu makes you happy, what is fulfilling to you. That is the c fl PIA SAHASTRABUDDHE: KAREENA KAPOOR The first thing I did was to ask Kareena to put on weight for other films, I would send her messages saying, “Hope had to be real and feisty. — Rajkumar Hirani I saw her in Omkara and Jab We Met. In my opinion, of all is one of the finest. It was a natural choice to go for a — Vidhu Vinod Chopra On a crisp November morning in 2003, Kareena Kapoor wangl hectic schedule and headed for Gaiety Galaxy, one of the halls in suburban Mumbai, to catch the first show of the She walked out of the hall mesmerised. A quick call was m from the parking lot of the hall enquiring about the man she had just seen. Zahid gushed: “He is God! He is God! D he has directed over 200 advertisements.” He promised to The film Kareena had seen was Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. and its Rajkumar Hirani. His name was immediately scribbled in th in her diary. Kareena’s mother, Babita, told her to play if need be: “Just tell him, ‘My mother is Sindhi just lik must work with me.’ You had wanted to work with Rajkumar Hirani and Aamir Kha time. 3 Idiots presented the opportunity to work with bot into place for you? ‘We met at Mukesh Ambani’s party in December 2007. Before him, he came up to me and told me how much he liked my wo 368 Then he said the magic words: “I am doing a film with Aa role for you.” I jumped and told him that I am game and h to narrate it to me. But Raju insisted that I hear it and I feel. He was writing at the time and promised to call t When a month passed by without a word, I messaged him. Th to wait for a week, and exactly a week later, Raju called finished and I was called in for a narration. I went for certainty that I would do this film. Nothing was going to the script. My first reaction was that this film would cr to be a part of it. I knew that the film belonged to the terms of screen-time would be small but this would be a g and only a fool would pass up this opportunity. I have wo for nearly a decade and this was the most real and evocat ever heard. Also, it was my chance to work with Raju Hira romance in his work are unmatched. He does not have to tr York, London, San Francisco, or build opulent sets or dra to create magic. He plays with the magic of moments, of s just moves you and stirs something deep within. I was in to change my mind. With Raju, you got Aamir as a bonus. It took a decade for come together. Surely there must have been opportunities There had been opportunities before this but nothing work to do Ghajini but when Murgadoss approached me for Ghajin Mani Ratnam’s Lajjo with Aamir. Aamir called me and said two back-to-back films with me. I opted out of Ghajini an Unfortunately, Lajjo was shelved. Vishal Bharadwaj was al with us. Aamir and he had creative differences over the s as well. Basically, every project we were supposed to do bump into Aamir and complain. He kept assuring me and pro give me one of the best films of his career. And today th feels like a dream. I am in 3 /diots and it is Aamir Khan lucky for the Kapoor sisters. Both, Karisma and I have gi him. I keep teasing Aamir: “You do one film in three year another heroine will get a chance to work with you. It wi Samaira (laughs).” Aamir is truly a genius. He is a gift 369 Pia is very different from the roles you have done so fa approach to Pia? Pia is real. She is spontaneous and outspoken. I have rec than I did for Geet from Jab We Met. Geet was euphoric, m life. Every girl wanted to be like Geet but Pia’s USP is touches a cord across all age groups. I was shooting Kurb as I was shooting for 3 Idiots. Kurbaan was such an inten other hand, is very real and these are roles much tougher heroine has to break away from her identity and image and This is where Raju’s brilliance comes in. On the sets of that’s what everybody saw. Kareena vanished for the time 3 Idiots. And Pia has made such an impact that it has lef this would happen and that is why the length of my role w ever thought of me as Kareena here. Though I was the only was doing multiple projects at the time, I gave priority first film I was doing with Raju, Vinod, and Aamir. At the time of the narration, I am sure, you must have lo confrontation between Pia and her father (Virus). That is belonged to you. Was that a part of the extensive rehears before the principal photography for the film began? This ia my favourite scene in the film. When I heard this would be my big opportunity and the centrepiece of my per to nail it. I had come fully prepared for it. Raju was ve scene. I am a spontaneous actress and too much rehearsing listened to me which was very nice of him. I requested hi I felt that the entire scene was set up in such a way tha it was to be spontaneous. The scene begins with Pia clear feel by the way she is putting away the plates and the sp explode. This was done in a single take. I don’t know wha not use glycerin. The moment I finished the shot, I expec a sound but there was complete silence on the floor. I pa messed up the scene. Raju removed the headphones. He had the entire crew gave me a thunderous applause. I was prep while and I knew if I did not get this right, then there 370 You did a drunken scene on screen for the first time in What was that experience like? Raju was really worried about this scene. I have never ev and I am a teetotaler. This stretched on for fifteen to t scenes are not easy to do. It is very tough to get the co and the slurs have to be the same. To make the job at han sync-sound film. Aamir helped me a lot in that scene. He centre of my forehead so that my eyes look a little cross I could drink if that helped me perform. These boys had d earlier and they had actually got drunk for it. Aamir kep glass of wine. I told them that this route would not work any alcohol I would just fall asleep instantly. There were so many takes we did. Finally, Raju asked us t was fed up. He said he would manage something in the edit thinking maybe I could not deliver as per expectations. B and people went wild about the dhokla-fafada scene. Fans from the scene and I went crazy with the kind of response because he had used a ‘No-Good’ take. Normally, actresses get the opportunity to do a drunken scene and when they d nail. I am happy that people gave me such an overwhelming drunken scene. Saif has worked with Vinod Chopra Films in Parineeta and everyone well. Any advice he offered before you took on t During the making of Ek/avya, Raju had spoken to Saif abo time he was still writing. Shahrukh Khan stepped in later Aamir did the film. These changes are common in the indus changing according to how the script pans out. Maybe 3 /d be for Saif but he was so happy when he got to know that it. He was constantly on the sets with me and he saw the the first print was out. He was completely floored by it. have they made? How are we ever going to surpass this? Wh Everything will now fall short of 3 /diots.” Even though hit — Love Aajkal — the same year, he is one actor who wa our team. He is very close to Vinod, Raju, and Aamir, and the making of the film. He is as much a part of the 3 Idi 371 Hf VIRU SAHASTRABUDDHE: BOMAN IRANI Boman has to be a part of all my films. After school and lifelong friends. Boman is one such friend I have made. H for this role and he did not have a choice but to agree t and I can completely take advantage of that friendship. — Rajkumar Hirani Raju and your relationship organically developed into one films. Your interaction on a film is not restricted to ju you are playing. You are an integral part of his ideas te revolving around the script between you and him are an es creative process. What was your reaction to the idea and the first time you heard it? Raju told me about buying the rights to Five Point Someon for IIFA (2007). Raju was there to pick up the best direc I was very surprised that Raju had bought the rights for reaction to it was: “What are you going to do with the bo not seem like material for a film.” Raju told me that he on the screenplay. A few months later when Raju and I wer he narrated the script to me and I loved it. I had my con over several subsequent sessions but what they had done w You were reluctant to play Virus because you thought it w strokes a repeat of Asthana from M.B.B.S. Why were you ap Virus and what convinced you? I was offered this role even by the guy who was planning earlier but he could not get the project off the ground. character, I felt Irfan Khan would be very interesting in seemed a lot like Asthana from M.B.B.S. though Raju kept different. Eventually, I realised that I didn’t have a ch T couldn't say no to Raju. Once that was settled, Raju an on the character, fleshing it out and giving it body. A lot of people felt that Virus was more a caricature tha do you feel about that? 372 Virus comes across as a caricature because, with all due have been teaching for many years do become somewhat cari I fed on that. I played that up and that is why he seems and I travelled to Pune for a weekend. While writing 3 Jd farmhouse there which was used for writing sessions. For worked out Virus. I wanted this man to be special. I thought of him as dark being the underlying trait more than anything else. The t has a mean streak. Then we started padding him up with qu character. The idea was also to take Virus away from Asth We gave Virus this unruly dense crop of hair on his head. wore these ill-fitting clothes belonging to another gener from people I know in real life. Interestingly, Virus’s d nap whilst listening to opera and getting his shave done Gandhi's life. He didn’t listen to opera but he was a ver his staff to cut his nails and shave him whilst he took a time. This was our reference point for the quirk we added Then I wanted him to lisp. For that I had to rehearse for did not look natural, it could go very wrong. Another of Virus has to be ambidextrous. I had called up Abhijat and discuss this with them. They loved it. Being ambidextrous my perception of Virus was that he is a genius. He is not he has chosen to devote his life to numbers instead of ap pursuits. The only thing that we changed was his body lan that it might be interesting to have a man who constantly a race and his every habit is geared towards saving time, in his own movements. He walks and moves slowly, but duri did not work at all so we changed it. All this really hel a character. This is your first film with Aamir Khan. He is the protag antagonist so to speak in 3 Idiots. What was the experien This script was narrated to everyone from Hrithik to Shah why Aamir was not considered but eventually he is the one a perfect fit for the role. He is amazing to work with in 373 commitment, courtesy. The experience of working with him thing about Aamir is that, the equation is not of two co- of two colleagues, two collaborators. No one is working a us become a team and our goal — the film. During the interviews, everyone told me that Raju pampers anyone else on the sets? Is that true? Who told you that? Tell me? (laughing) Were Sharman, Raju about this? I am sure they were. This is just what everyo everyone. No special favours extended to me. Hf RAJU RASTOGI: SHARMAN JOSHI Sharman was on my radar since the time my wife, Manjeet, in Style. We had both really liked him and I wanted to wo right role came along. — Rajkumar Hirani Sharman Joshi would have frequented the theatres more had movie watching would reap such rich benefits. In early 20 of Globus, a theatre in Bandra (Mumbai) and noticed Raju team in the compound of the cinema hall. Sharman had alwa with Raju. Though tempted to walk up to him and introduce hesitated thinking that this might not be the right place was pleasantly surprised when on spotting him, Raju smile Confidence boosted, Sharman walked up to him. But bigger surprises were in store for Sharman that night had a role for him but since he was still in the process in touch with him soon. Sharman went home in a daze. How did 3 Idiots come together for you? I believe that th multiplexes have played an important role? (Smiles) The first time Raju Sir told me he had a role fo meeting in the compound of a cinema hall. Though I did no for a few months, after that I knew that the offer was fo 374 you meet Raju Sir, you can feel the honesty and sincerit sweet-talking types. So I was assured in my mind that som of our meeting. But as luck would have it, we bumped into at a multiplex (PVR in Juhu). We met in the restroom afte stood there chatting for 15 minutes. Again, a few months bumped into each other in the restroom of the same multip time during the interval. Raju and I joked that slowly we beginning of the film. Three chance meetings at cinema ha Finally, we connected and I went and met him at his offic supposed to be a casual one but I think Raju was so excit narrated the entire script to me. This would be approxima first meeting in the compound of a cinema hall. Shahrukh was doing the film at the time when I was signed an eight-month break where Shahrukh was not doing the fil Aamir came in. Once Aamir came in, I was constantly in to during the in-between period, I did not bother him at all thing happened. What was your first reaction to the script? I loved the script and even though they still had to make me, I went out that night and celebrated. I didn’t even k would play — Farhan or Raju — if I was doing the film. I characters so it would not have mattered to me which one Shahrukh was playing Rancho but later Aamir came in, and for both the parts. I had read Five Point Someone so for I had come with some pre-conceived notions about the diff For example, in the book, Alok’s character is rather weak about that. But once the script was narrated to me, the c different and was not weak. By the time Aamir was finalis happened, script narrations started, and then the auditio playing either part because I felt both had a lot of scop meat and challenge. What is beautiful about working with little change, Raju involves everyone. His humility is on truly and honestly respects every individual. I was pleas gave me a pen and pad and asked me to jot down what I fel 375 if I had any inputs, these could be discussed. He likes importantly, that participation is truly appreciated. I auditioned for the role with the scene in the Director' caught gate-crashing his daughter Mona’s wedding. It is t per plate cost kya thi”. At that time, Madhavan was not t with another actor. I was drawn to the script because it is about finding you Farhan confronts his father and his job interview are the the human element in the film and the journey of these tw themselves through various experiences. You said that you auditioned for both Raju and Farhan? Di like both the roles equally? Raju Sir being Raju Sir gave me the option of auditioning I wanted to play. This he did in the first meeting itself there with pre-conceived notions so I had my apprehension I felt about Alok’s character. He just smiled and narrate the narration, he asked me the same question. My answer t whichever one he would like me to audition for. I had und characters were solid. He made me audition for Raju. Then made me audition for Farhan. Eventually, he made me play Raju’s character. Frankly, th that I really didn’t have to do much. This script is rema is the way it has been executed. For an actor, half the j Before the first schedule began, I read the script many t progression of the entire script from any given point in the Bible, therefore, whichever scene we shot for, I play head, followed the progression and performed it according set were the script, Raju Sir, and my instincts. For all the drunken scenes in the film, I believe you peo ‘What was that experience like? We had a blast shooting the water tank scene and the one house. It was so much fun. The night at the water tank we 376 We gave lengthy takes. The production team finally asked they were running out of stock though I don’t think that just wanted us to pack up (laughs). The night after that, house. Vinod Chopra was with us that night so he also dra trailer. After a few drinks, he said: “Koi bhi bahar ka d producer hai, khud bhi pee raha hai aur apne actors ko bh ho gayi to kya hoga?” (If anyone from outside the unit we would wonder what kind of a producer I am — not only am I also making my actors drink. What will happen if the shoo Not by design but by chance, Aamir, Madhavan, and you wer the ‘3 Idiots’ and you had worked with each other before What was it like on the sets? I was ecstatic when Aamir came in. We already had an equa life was going to be on the sets and that made me very ha Raju Sir on the sets and he was a pleasure as well. I was would be on the sets. I think he was a bit paranoid in th was a lot of responsibility and pressure on him. He neede I started to feel the pressure too. It was a Raju Hirani predictably, there were a lot of expectations. I could fe it was for Raju Sir to set the right tone on the sets fro was done, Raju Sir transformed and everything lightened u factor with Aamir and Maddy. Also, Raju Sir really pamper tease him about pampering Boman more and Boman would prot is a complete sense of freedom with Raju Sir. You are all whichever way you want to and try options if you feel the to the scene. He is very caring towards every individual transfers onto the screen. Hf FARHAN QURESHI: MADHAVAN Madhavan came in because we were looking for a competent I had my doubts about Madhavan only because of his weight he would shed but I caught him eating kulfi once. After t even lower but then I was pleasantly surprised with his c exceedingly well. — Vidhu Vinod Chopra 377 He watched Secret, the screen adaptation of Rhonda Byrne book. Amongst other things, Secret talks about quantifyin down on paper. He did just that and wrote down the names wanted to work with. Raju Hirani’s name topped the list. Three weeks later he received a message from Raju Hirani. The next day, Madhavan boarded a flight to Mumbai. You were approached for Munna Bhai at the time Raju was t it as a television series. What was the meeting like? I don’t remember meeting Raju for the television series. had met but I have no recollection of the meeting. It was M.B.B.S. released that I came to know that it was this pa had wanted to make for television for which he had approa I remember seeing Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. and saying where ha hiding all this while. It is a sign of greatness to be ab the simplest manner. He struck me as a filmmaker and not I desperately wanted to get in touch with him. I remember the message I sent him after watching the film. He immedi and told me that he likes my work immensely. ‘We met sporadically after that at award functions and so approached Raju to write the screenplay of Ramji Londonwa was a subject that might appeal to him. He was busy with but he was kind enough to suggest Abbas Tyrewala for it. up with his own film. Eventually, Sanjay Dayma wrote the moment I met Raju that our connection was for keeps. How did 3 Idiots happen? Your belief is that the process watching the film Secret. What happened when you got the Sarita, my wife, had been telling me to get in touch with he was making a film that revolved around three engineeri with her that films don’t get made that way. If Raju had for a role, it wouldn't be right for me and I did not wan by calling him. When I got the message from him, Sarita a stunned silence. I don’t know how much this has to do wit 378 an amazing coincidence. The message was simple: “Maddy, Even before calling him back, I told Sarita that I was do Then I called up Raju and he politely asked me to meet hi Mumbai next. I told him, “I am coming tomorrow.” I rememb and meeting him. He narrated the script to me which made the same time. I immediately offered to give him a screen test. He was a out two scenes from the script. One of them was eventuall is the scene where one of the puppies I have grown fond o I get drunk and react. The other scene was the scene with where I tell him that I don’t want to pursue engineering. a decision right then even though I could see that he was he would let me know. I did not hear from him for two wee mail from him saying that Vinod Chopra would call me. Thi April 2008 and we were supposed to shoot in August. After time, I called Raju and asked him if I could give my date from them and my other producers were waiting. Raju was s and said that I absolutely couldn't give away my dates be in July. Apparently there was some confusion and I had no Vinod called and things were finalised. Did you audition for both the roles or was it always Farh Farhan was the only role I related to when I heard the sc only Farhan in mind as far as I was concerned. When Raju I knew that every student and every father in the country If I was able to pull this role off, then that would be m What were your first reactions to the script? The best part about Raju is that he encourages us to thin are to play. Our feedback is considered and taken very se for a long time, I felt that I did not have enough of a t father. Initially, the letter to Andre Istevan was not th Raju several times about this. Two or three weeks later, idea of the letter to Andre Istevan that Farhan never pos the trigger. I did not even know that Raju had taken my a 379 and had been working on it. Raju came up with this idea planted the fact that I am an animal lover with a natural wildlife photography. The film started its principal photography with your scen ‘What was your approach to Farhan as he is also the narra The first transformation you see on screen is in Farhan. challenge of making that believable. If the audience did then it would set the wrong tone for the film. I set abou Also as a character, I go through maximum transformation. happens in college after his suicide attempt. He loses hi change in his attitude evident in the interview scene but in terms of his personality was to happen once he left co marked difference between the Farhan the audience would s and the one they would see in college. I gave myself a da look for the portions in the present. I am a wildlife pho spend time in the sun, wear those jackets with many pocke come in handy on a shoot and name an edgier personality. dimension to Farhan, the wildlife photographer. But as an is mild and innocent. I went completely clean shaven, chu boyish glasses. It took us a very long time to zero in on So, I worked on the look as well as the personality to ma of the character is evident and real. Hf CHATUR RAMALINGAM: OMI VAIDYA We took a huge gamble by casting Omi. He has a long and i and we were casting someone for it who did not know Hindi chance we took which paid off eventually. Omi is a great and believability to Chatur’ character which was critical — Rajkumar Hirani His feet were killing him. The entire day he had spent ru taking care of proceedings at a grand Marathi event that Angeles. A lot of people from the Marathi community in Am attend the event. Finally, the night was winding down and and have some fun. He hit the dance floor and inadvertent 380 a girl. She was a screenwriter from Michigan and he, a w director. They exchanged numbers. Four years later, the actor-director while on a visit to for his film, got a call from her — out of the blue. Supr from Michigan was now working with Vinod Chopra on Broken to give Omi Vaidya a heads-up on a possible role in their Omi Vaidya might never have bagged this career-altering r random dance four years ago at a Marathi night in Los Ang You have lived in America all your life and are a working Hindi Cinema on your agenda? Both my parents were very supportive of my choice to purs it would have been very difficult to do this. Most Indian not have managed to do what I did. I had my family backin the reason it was possible. My mother had wanted to becom could never pursue that desire so she made sure that at l dreams. Therefore, I did not have to worry about things l college and was able to concentrate only on acting. Bolly on the radar nor was the sensibility preferred or familia about Bollywood films. I had seen some of Aamir Khan's fi long films with all the dancing made little sense to me a hold much appeal for me either. I had seen a bit of Munna nothing of Lage Raho. All of this, I later realised, was asset to have little knowledge of Bollywood. It helped me with the top-of-the-line actors like Aamir Khan in 3 Jdot down by the awe of shooting with the biggest star in Boll without being hampered. How did 3 Idiots happen and what drew you to the material plans or inclination to be part of Hindi Cinema? When I got a call from Supriya, I sent my showreel across he felt that I was very boyish and, most importantly, I w I was very sceptical. I informed them that I didn’t speak how would this be feasible. The people scheduled to audit listen assuming that I would at least have some knowledge 381 everybody who says they don’t know the language, do know they know that I really did not know the language at all. I was auditioned on Raju Rastogi’s lines from the film an some three hours in the office reading the material. Duri after I started saying the lines, the casting director st minute into the audition, she asked me to stop. I was pol that they had not been impressed but then I had gone in k fail, What worked in my favour was that Raju came into th meeting his team. He had some work there so I ran into hi bit and therefore a personal connection was established. A few days later, I received a call from the team asking this time, they said that they would send me a script for a portion from Munna Bhai. The brief was that I would hav not speak them. I was not to worry about speaking Hindi c was an NRI though he had not been fully fleshed out as ye what Omi would do. I felt much more comfortable with this that even though I knew what I was saying, I did it like would not know what he was saying. So I did gestures that syne with what I was saying. They liked this a lot. After character expanded a little bit. I was told that the char corporate concern, always in a suit with a whole lot of e He has come back to India to prove a point to these guys of him. This was what I was given to play with. I was ask about the Hindi. If I so wanted, then I could do it all i test even better. I smoked a ciggarette and did my thing. I knew were the bad words so I sprinkled what I was sayin was there with me so she was a bit shocked. I did the audition well but I was quite sure that I was n did not speak the language at all. I went back to LA afte hear from the 3 /diots team for a month. In LA, if you do after an audition, it can be safely assumed that you didn But a month later, I got a call from the production team that I would be auditioning with scenes from 3 Idiots. I the race and, therefore, being seriously considered. Then They gave me the now famous balatkar speech scene. The ot 382 me was the water tank scene where I lose my temper and t and Chatur is made. I could see that they wanted to gauge both comedy and drama. The Broken Horses team was in New to New Mexico and did the audition. I gave it my best sho make it for this audition and I don’t regret my decision. call from the team for another month. Then Raju called me that though I had done a great job someone had taught me lines. He was right because my mom had taught me. He told Hindi as this character would know very little Hindi. The that, therefore, if I wanted the role, I would have to st watching Hindi movies. He did not want my interpretation performance to be affected by such factors. Things work differently here than in the West. Did you ha about being away from the Hollywood scene for the conside 3 Idiots demanded you to be away? I had my doubts because I was giving up six months of my much according to Hollywood standards. I worried about wh choice or not. But the very reason I chose this as my pre because I wanted to be able to do new, fun, and exciting all the things I looked for in a job. It was a new system be operating in. Therefore, I wanted to do this and it wa sincerity and personal emails to me convinced me that I w Once I came down here and saw the level of professional c the sincerity and the seriousness, I knew I had taken the What were your first reactions to the script? That it is a very long one (laughs). There were lots of p but I kept my focus on Chatur. I had not thought of the f focussed on my character. When I saw the full film, that the whole film was all about. I really just kept my mind of knowledge of the language kept me from understanding a You were already dealing with language issues. I am sure in the film that were more challenging than others. Tell tough ones you had to get your head around? 383 It has to be the scene on the water tank where I am angr happy person and emotions like anger and jealousy do not Before performing this scene, I had to separate myself fr to do a good job. The anger and depression had to be work day break before we were to shoot this scene. I requested production for those three days and to just put me up in or hotel somewhere away from everyone. Raju agreed and I I reached the set three days later, I kept to myself and Raju loved my work in that scene. It took me another thre to come out of the state I had driven myself into though. ‘What was the experience like for you since this is your Cinema? The whole experience was very different from America. It I really wanted to do this and I am glad I did. This was that Raju wanted me and it is very rare and different fro the director wants you or does not want you does not matt guys make the decision. Here, the director really liked m we had developed a personal connection. Systems-wise, thi different from the West. Here make-up and costume trials room which was a little odd. I got the script five days b Though it took some getting used to, all of this had its not from here so I don’t really have hang ups about chatt with the drivers and kitchen staff. So I could absorb a l the ground realities a lot better as I chatted with these the most interesting stories. The others are more politic show business all the time. The biggest perk of the role balding guy in major chunks of the film for which I had t on twelve kilograms and had a lot of fun doing that becau I wanted and did not have to exercise. — Smriti Kiran 384