4) 15) dialog: Ha ... here's a He-Man. What a pretty piece. Cute and compact.
4) 17) dialog: Spiderman, Batman.
4) 18) dialog: Fresh meat, Greetings. Drop your pants, get stamped. The Senior crows in delight. fry aifsae 1 art gar @ ae? ater Ragging Senior 2 pulls out the name tag from Rancho’s bag. dfn aifrae 2 thin aifrae 1 ae oe et STAT | Stir aifrae 1 aet - te gar! te care Rancho is silent, rooted to the spot. Yr Aira 1 Ragging Senior 1 takes out Rancho’s water bottle from his bag and empties the bottle into the pocket of his jeans. thin aifrae 1 ae Gre wat vera seq) dat Sa wa Rancho does not react. Instead, he holds his hand over his heart and mumbles.
4) 20) dialog: Name?
4) 21) dialog: ‘Ranchhoddas Shamaldas Chanchad’.
4) 22) dialog: What a mouthful! cramming, Needs serious
4) 23) dialog: Come on — pants off.
4) 24) dialog: Being stubborn?
4) 25) dialog: Wet pants not good, kiddo. Take them off.
4) 27) dialog: What's that? Farhan and Raju are so immersed in Rancho’s situation that they inadvertently straighten up, pulling up their pants. eer (whispers to Raju) a em att war 2? Rancho does not break his silence. Ragging Senior 1 gestures to Chatur. thin Aiae 1 Q ae aya za) 0 Sey ais - ayat eal a! Chatur obediently runs up to Rancho.
4) 32) dialog: Someone tell him. Hey James Bond — make him understand!
4) 33) dialog: Hey 007! Ashamed to speak Hindi?
4) 34) dialog: So explain slowly. No hurry.
4) 35) dialog: Feeling cold? Chatur opens his dictionary and puts together a literal translation of the Senior’s threat. aa sale aéf dt ae am we Aafia eer | The Seniors burst out laughing. Ur dia 1 a) faa at qafract den? ‘fir diay 2 The Seniors are absorbed in making fun of Chatur. Rancho takes advantage of this distraction and slips into his room, banging the door shut. Ragging Senior 1 notices this and runs after him. He starts banging on the door. Ur dia 1 a wet ot art... Boge aT All the students, including Farhan and Raju, watch with interest. Ragging Senior 1 calls out threateningly. Ur dia 1 aet at, wa a. eh a A ae wary yates Be | There is no response from the room.
4) 37) dialog: Calls pissing ‘urine-expulsion’!
4) 38) dialog: A true linguist in the land of engineers!
4) 39) dialog: Hey, come out of there.
4) 40) dialog: Come out or ... of I'll do ‘urine-expulsion’ on your door. ehry aifaae 1 aq om far) aver sé ater at — at H - dh gt aie 4 at cea 7 ae
4) 42) dialog: If you aren't out by the count of ten, Tl do ‘urine-expulsion’ on your door all semester.
4) 43) dialog: One ... two.
4) 44) dialog: Three!
4) 45) dialog: Four!
4) 46) dialog: Five!
4) 47) dialog: Six! Rancho turns off the switch that the hanging light was attached to. With his teeth, he bites off the plastic from the ends of the wire. fier aia ara! Rancho places the exposed wire ends strategically under a metal spoon, and starts binding the spoon to a wooden ruler. Outside, in desperation, Ragging Senior 1 calls out again. dry dia 1 are! aT! A laugh escapes Farhan. The Senior whips around menacingly. Raju surreptitiously indicates Farhan to him. Inside the room, Rancho has finished binding the spoon to the wooden ruler. finn tifa wa! Angry, frustrated and with no other option, the Senior walks to the door, faces it and unzips. Unseen by him, from underneath the door, Rancho slides out the spoon. He then puts on the switch that the wire under the spoon is connected to. The Senior starts urinating. As the stream of urine hits the spoon, he gets electrocuted. He jerks back and collapses, writhing in pain. The semi-naked group of Freshmen break into delighted laughter. Rancho’s door opens and he walks out. Laughter changes into sounds of scurrying 46
4) 48) dialog: Seven!
4) 49) dialog: Eight! Nine!
4) 50) dialog: Ten! as everyone tries to get out of his way. He just walks to where his water bottle had fallen, picks it up and walks back into his room. Farhan and Raju exchange a look. Fully dressed again, they open their room door tentatively. Rancho is sprawled on his bed, fast asleep, not a care in the world. wert (V.O.) veg de feet) sy Ua atl art 7 arerg feral EXT. ICE — DAY VIRU SAHASTRABUDDHE (mid-50’s) cycles to work. On the carrier of his bicycle is a bird’s nest with a clay bird and five eggs in it. wert (V.O.) a, WW ae Ge Tew. Byer TET gard a1 EXT. HOSTEL, ICE -—-