11) 92) dialog: Pia, what the hell! Suhas's tone becomes condescending. wert a wa ved 8? wet toa agi a ata faa, arr ear ate, aerr at frat at eh, steer oat act 2, 4 a a eva at ae yeah 21 ott ee zz at 4m JI
11) 93) text: Rancho looks on, amused. Before Pia can respond to Suhas, Suhas is accosted by a jewel-bedecked, perfectly coiffed, distant AUNT of his.
11) 95) dialog: Hey, Aunty, you're looking good.
11) 98) dialog: Why're you wearing this ancient piece of junk? What'll people say — “Suhas fiancée ... a doctor in the making, wearing a cheap, 200-rupee watch!” Please take it off. Thank you.
11) 101) dialog: OF course ... Of course. Before leaving with his Aunt, Suhas turns to Pia and indicates his watch, reminding her of his instructions. A gleam in his eyes, Rancho gets up from his table. Armed with a bouquet of flowers, he taps Pia on the shoulder.
11) 106) dialog: Mandalay ... Wow!
11) 121) dialog: ‘What the hell ... Mint chutney on my $300 shoes! ‘As Suhas has a meledown, a smug Rancho walks back to Pia. apt at) ff vsagy 2) aa 2 at ar wa dt ort a1 Rancho walks away. Suhas continues bawling over his ruined Italian shoes.
11) 122) dialog: Genuine Italian leather — hand stitched! Pia walks up to a MAN and taps him on the shoulder. The man turns. It’s Viru Sahastrabuddhe. fear 33, a om tree The Director looks in the direction she’s pointed in. And sees Rancho, Farhan and Raju piling food into their plates from the buffet.
14) 29) text: 6, Gera! Suhas turns around, spots them and walks up to them. aera (exasperated) wet at? ong @a dm afer a ZI Year ast aH ag caat ori ge et & Aa Suhas grabs Pia's wrist. He explodes.
14) 30) dialog: What? Lost the watch! ot aS wet ae war at eT aera ae ae are a afi Pia is taken aback by his reaction. wat ga! ae ara! ae dt ae
14) 31) dialog: (to Rancho) Just shut up! (to Pia) How could you be so careless, Pia?! And this callous attitude — It’s disgusting! It’s disrespectful! 127
14) 33) dialog: Where were you?
14) 36) dialog: Tt cost 400,000!
14) 38) dialog: That was a limited-edition watch. Now wear your ancient piece of junk at dinner.
14) 39) dialog: What are you staring at?
14) 40) dialog: Here come the tears! Real mature, Pia. I can't handle this! Stop crying and look for it.
39) 23) text: (exclaims) “Pia weds Suhas’! Raju takes out the hanger with the rest of Chatur’s suit on it.
39) 41) dialog: Come in. INT. SUHAS’S ROOM, WEDDING VENUE — CONTINUOUS Raju enters holding up the clothes iron, a big, fake smile on his face. Suhas, in his bathrobe, sits before the mirror, snipping hair from his nose. He sings along with the music playing in the room.
39) 42) dialog: Amore Amore ... Amore ... (to Raju) Quick quick... Quick, iron my sherwani. INT. PIA’S ROOM, WEDDING VENUE — CONTINUOUS Farhan desperately tries to reason with Pia.
39) 46) dialog: Amore ... Amore ... Amore ... Raju smiles at Suhas, pretending to be ironing efficiently. He looks down at the sherwani. There's a huge green stain on it. INT. PIA’S ROOM, WEDDING VENUE — CONTINUOUS wer (referring to Suhas) an a oy 2 ati ane art act F sta
39) 51) dialog: My Rs 150,000 sherwani ...
39) 52) dialog: Why do you people eat chutney?
39) 54) dialog: How?
39) 67) dialog: Housekeeping took my sherwani.
39) 77) dialog: My sherwani?
39) 79) dialog: Yes.
40) 2) dialog: Altar?
40) 8) dialog: (pointing at Raju) Housekeeping? Pia looks at Suhas, glances at the Director and Mona and then at Farhan waiting in the SUV. Farhan opens the back door of the SUY, in readiness and encouragement. A look of determination replaces the apprehension and doubt on Pia’s face and she takes Raju’s hand. They run past the guests and dive into the waiting SUV. The Director, Mona and Suhas run after them. But they're too late. The SUV zips out of the venue as everyone looks on in shock. 248
46) 151) text: Rajkumar Hirani, Abhijat Joshi, & Vidhu Vinod Chopra Reco In the course of putting this book together, the many c Hirani revealed that in a life spanning over four decades and debilitating experiences, the one that is clearly etc most oppressive of them all is the month preceding his 12 night I would get a recurring dream that I was taking an the answer to even a single question. I would wake up in attributes this to the fear psychosis created around exam first few daunting months at FTII, a year without work an myriad struggles to set up a career, the Herculean task o strains compared to the pressures of Higher Secondary exa It was no surprise then that when he started hunting for about as the DNA for his first feature film, he decided o in a medical college. The aim was to weave a tale that en from life in a hostel and make a comment both on the educ medical practice in India. For Raju, life in a hostel sig spent doing theatre with his group Awaaz with the student College, hostel life at FTI, and the horrors of education were experiences that had left an indelible impression on draft of Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. had, instead of the lovable Circuit, three friends living in a medical college. The s changing and evolving. At the end, the three friends had the duo that became the Indian equivalent of Batman and R and immensely endearing Munna and Circuit. But the initial idea that he started with lay latent in R next six years. Such must have been his desire to make th so great the need for the world to have this idea transla universe conspired to make it happen. Vidya Balan and th 2005 played significant roles in pulling this blueprint o of Raju’s mind. It was May 2005 and Vidya had just finish first schedule of Lage Raho Munna Bhai. She and Raju had rapport often recommending interesting films and books to happened to read Five Point Someone during this period. S was aware that he was keen to get the book across to Raju for a film. Vidya immediately lent her copy of the book t was an idea she felt had legs. But being in the middle of did not have time to breathe let alone read. The book gat bookshelf for sometime. And then in July, Mumbai faced th floods ever. Life for everyone in Mumbai came to a stands completely flooded and he had no choice but to stay home That is when he picked up Five Point Someone and read it. friends and their experiences in an engineering college t brought to the fore his first draft of Munna Bhai M.B.B.S Vinod and Abhijat. The rights to adapt the book into a fi the rest as they say is history. The one-liner (a scene-wise synopsis of the screenplay an was ready in a record nine days and the first draft of th ready in 18 days from the day Abhijat Joshi, Vidhu Vinod Hirani started working on it (2006). After that, it took a-half years to arrive at a shooting script. The evolution of the screenplay involved ponderous work o multiple scenarios (some retained and many abandoned), co tea, long walks, and several trips around the globe. The journey was through a labyrinth of possibilities. [In ex-girlfriend; Chatur and not Suhas was to marry Pia; Far corporate honcho in New York; instead of wildlife photogr Farhan’s passion; Joy and Phunsukh Wangdu were added and The key to the screenplay was to find the best way forwar to be consistently compelling, real, and entertaining. These interviews with the writers were recorded between J at various locations, in Mumbai. 322 There is a method to the three of you working together. VC: We have been working together for many years and have respect and affection for each other. Abhijat and I go ba and with Raju my writing association started with Munna B sit with them and write continuously. My biggest contribu to channelise their passion and energies in a direction. They do the writing and come to me constantly with materi I either change some things or add new things to it or re of a good reviewer. RH: Abhijat and I write constantly while working on the s have a ready draft, we start the sessions with Vinod. He the problems, the chinks in the script, the flaws. It is perspective on one’s work as one is going along. It keeps AJ: The interesting thing about the three of us working t in our methods of working which eventually enhances the m Vinod’s method of writing and Raju’s and my methods are c our goal is the same: a great story. Raju and I operate by working on individual scenes and la together which brings the desired unpredictability to our likes his character arcs and plot defined. Therefore, whe Vinod, he lends the necessary prespective to them. The pr the guiding metaphor throughout Aristotle's writings has narrative or drama must be presented as “a complete whole so closely connected that the transposal [shifting an inc the narrative to another] or withdrawal of any one of the the whole.” This is the principle that Vinod follows. His scene in the film must carry the story forward. It must h this movement. You cannot narrate a scene to Vinod and te of the scene is to make people laugh or cry. He will imme Scenes might be luminous on their own but they are useles up the whole narrative is Vinod’s belief. Raju and I ofte individual scenes. In the second half of 3 diots, Vinod t scenes which in hindsight I feel would have weakened our we cannot overload the audience because after a while, th Fatigue that sets in. You need to have that balance where 323 temptation of overdoing things. To give you an example, kept not because it was funny but because it had a purpos audience laugh. The speech demonstrated the pitfalls of r the conflicting philosophies in the film, of chasing exce success, out in the open. This is the way in which we work together. Different pers retain quality without losing focus. The germ of the idea came from Chetan Bhagat’s book Five What is it that drew you to the book? RH: I loved the description of hostel life in the book. I I had lived in a the hostel, like the boys in the book, s me. Education and the pressures one faces with regard to in a ‘better life’, the one defined by society and not ne have always been of great interest to me. This gave me a combine these thoughts with a few anecdotes from the book It took over two-and-a-half years for the screenplay to c were the challenges that you faced while writing it? RH: Five Point Someone, though immensely enjoyable, was v treatment. I knew the moment I read the book that we woul considerable time adapting it into a screenplay. There is binds it together. For a film, a binding thread is critic taken on a journey through the characters and plot. It ha to hold the attention of the viewers. For example, in Lag that keeps you hooked till the end is the cricket match. towards that. I could not find this thread within the boo the desire to create an external story. The idea for the Kenya. The Kenyan Film Board had invited a select group o and cinematographers to explore Kenya as a shooting desti Therefore, Nikhil Advani, Shaad Ali, and I, including a f cinematographers, travelled to Kenya. Initially, as usual What happens with me is that whenever I am invited to som working, I start thinking that it is a waste of time, and This is the reason I decline most of the times and then I 324 up the opportunity to go to Australia thinking that I am it would be a waste of time. In both cases, I could have and my life would not have changed. So when this invitati March 2007, I decided I must go. I went but out of habit me hoping I would find time to get some work done there. I discovered that they had a packed itinerary planned for stay. Obviously, they wanted to show us the maximum numbe used to start at 6 am and end at 9 pm. After two days of anxious about my script. I started getting very edgy. On go. Nikhil and everyone else started laughing at me. I re the truth, then I would not be able to escape so I lied a not well. They left without me. I took out my laptop and script. Funnily, one lady who was with the film board, la a doctor. I sheepishly told them that now I was better. H this she shall realise how pivotal this day of work in Ke That entire day, the one day I managed to work on my scri calls and distractions, I sat in my hotel room thinking a to introduce to bind the film. That is when this thought rivals struck me. One friend goes away and then the other the audience, the binding factor would then be — do they If they do find him, then what is the story of the friend did he go? Does he win the bet or does he lose? At every would be at the back of their minds. This desire and curi get to the end of the film is the backbone of a screenpla this entire story from the screenplay, then the film beco college and you are not really looking forward to anythin Abhijat from there and told him this idea and he loved it was Abhijat coming up with the imposter idea. AJ: The imposter idea in the film came from a real-life s (I cannot name him as he is someone from the industry) wh the real Ranchoddas does in the film. A man applies to FT also applies to an engineering college and gets selected. places. He is a brilliant guy. Of all the entrance exams in the engineering college. This brilliant guy is our imp wants to study cinema so he takes his friend’s permission studies at FTII for three years posing as the brilliant g 325 The imposter passes out of the Institute, joins the film his real identity and makes films. This real-life story, know about, inspired the whole Rancho-imposter track. RH: We combined the search and the imposter tracks and go film. The binding thread which was missing to keep the na in place. This was probably one of the most critical of t writing 3 Idiots. ‘What according to you is the core of 3 Idiots? AJ: The first scene that we wrote for 3 Idiots was the co and Aamir at Joy’s funeral. This scene was in a different time we wrote it. On the night of the suicide, Rancho goe the campus, rings the bell, gathers the students and deli form, the scene became too dramatic, grim, and preachy. W make it more real and yet retain the drama and impact. Th film felt more natural so we changed the speech to a conv We purposely chose to make the boy who commits suicide a funeral is set in a cemetery. The grey of the cemetery an the grim and colourless tone that we needed. This scene, core of 3 Idiots. Why should people be killing themselves with the system. Why is everyone running after grades and is what the film addresses and attacks. VC: I agree with Abhijat. 3 /diots questions the system a to chase grades leads students to give in to pursuits tha their choice and compels them to take the set and decided goals. This only leads to suicides or mediocrity. Chasing Excellence over success is a philosophy I have always fol take some very irrational decisions that have made no bus the pursuit was for quality, in the long run, success cam It is a very personal film. Not only does it embody a phi to your heart but it heavily borrows from your lives as w in the film have been picked from your lives? RH: There is a lot in the film from the scenes to the qui characters to dialogues that we have taken from our lives 326 called Prasan Jain in FTII who once had a bath at the en to make the faculty aware that there was an acute water s Rancho bathing in the garden came from there. “Jahanpanah borrowed from the Film Institute. We were ragged for an e joined. All throughout that month, if we spotted a senior pants, bend over, pat our butts, and say, “Jahanpanah tus This practice was called Farshi. In my days at the Nagpur theatre buddies, I got to know about this guy who used to the doors of other students to distract them during exams was so fierce that people resorted to some really despera between Farhan and his father is again inspired by the co father which I have mentioned in detail in the introducti AJ: I have already told you about the impostor story. Apa third friend and the imposter track, the third primary el bet between Chatur and Rancho. This bet signifies the cla got the idea for this from an anecdote from Vinod’s initi the trial of one of the films made by a big Bollywood pro ride with him in his posh car to be dropped to the neares asked Vinod what he thought about the film. Vinod launche screenplay bit by bit and let the man know without mincin was utter rubbish. The gentleman turned around and said, na tadd dekhanga tu kaisi picture banayenga” (When you ge car, then we will see the kind of films you make). The pr when you get used to the luxuries, it is what works at th precedence over the quality of cinema. Vinod got out of t is something he would never adhere to. He was clear from ball game was cinema and not money. If you got the former would follow. This clash of philosophies, of thought, mon was the trigger for the bet between Rancho and Chatur. Th of books and the machine” scene is my gift to Raju’s son Veer with his homework. One of the questions in the assig celebrate Good Friday? Veer’s answer to that was “to comm of Christ.” Raju wanted to know if Veer knew the meaning surprise, Veer did not. Raju launched into explaining it to write the answer the way he had understood it. But Vee had to be written only in the manner that he had written 327 not be happy. Easy or uncomplicated language and, most i from the expected and accepted form of the answer was not very baffled and concerned about this. He told me this st it became the genesis of the Rancho-Professor ‘definition The scene where Rancho, Farhan, and Raju go to Farhan’s h sends the warning letter to both Raju and Farhan’s parent two different incidents that happened in my life and Raju lady who was furious with her daughter. The daughter was was yelling at her because she had scored 91 per cent ins 3 per cent drop was unacceptable. The insanity of this ma amused and disturbed at the same time. When we were writi wanted to incorporate this. While at FTII, Raju with his travel to Mumbai often over the weekends. On one such wee invited them to his house for dinner. They all landed up the free food so looked forward to in those money-strappe who invited them and his mother had had a big fight. They for the announcement that the food is ready. After two ho and told the boys, “Beta agli baar aaoge to khaana zaroor remembers this because it was close to midnight when they they were famished with barely over twenty rupees between The watch track between Pia and Rancho again came from an had told me about ... VC: See I told you I cannot remember half the things. Abh a photographic memory. A relative of mine was working in well off. I was not doing that well then. During one of h his watch which cost a couple of lakhs. I heard him out a there must be something wrong with his watch. He was take examined his expensive watch. There was nothing wrong wit so he asked me to explain myself. ‘Aapki ghadi itni mehng rupyaye ki lekin phir bhi time same dikhateen hein” (your and mine costs only Rs 200 but both of them tell the same which left him speechless. Rancho propels the story forward. He illustrates the phil lot of people felt that his character does not have an ar 328 enters the story, preaches, and then leaves. He is too p a character evolve and did you have any fears and apprehe appear to be more fiction than real as he began to take s RH: The backbone of Rancho’s character which also separat else is his lack of fear. He is a brilliant, free-spirite chasing what he is interested in most. Probably a person unfathomable today so Rancho might seem unreal to some bu real. My first thoughts on Rancho were that he is a boy f no experience with formal education so he does not know t speaks to them as he speaks to everyone. I could have dwe and background a little more in the film to bring this to felt that it was not necessary. Rancho lives by his philo makes choices which are absurd conventionally but he is n he does not feel the need to. VC: Why does he appear superhuman? It was very easy for R me to flesh out Rancho as we understand him completely. I of myself in Rancho. There are just too many similarities in my school. I remember being thrown out of class becaus teacher who Hamlet was. In college, I found BA very borin MA classes and I even studied the books prescribed for MA BA exams, I scored only 55 per cent. I was a consistent t ranging between eighties and nineties. I was sure that th I had been marked. I asked for a recheck and realised tha of the answers stemmed from the fact that I did not follo the expected answers. I was quoting writers and theories, were out of the purview of my teacher. Therefore, when I I wrote all my references with the page numbers and the t the authors. This is how I topped my BA exams. What surpr though was the resistance of the educators to reward inve and rigidity is steeped in our education system. You woul that FTII had failed me. I was thrown out without a diplo film, Murder At Monkey Hill, won the National Award and w for an Oscar. The moment I won the National Award, FTII a member of their governing council. In this capacity, I sp as I was aware of everything that goes on there. The staf and said that I couldn't be on the governing council beca 329 FTII management had to pass me then and I got my diploma me because they wanted me to take a lot of exams, some of completely ridiculous. For example, they wanted us to sub which I never did. The reason for that was simple. I felt to do this. I protested against these unfair practices. I this but I did not have any teacher to look up to, and at a guiding force can be such a boon. These experiences and became my reason to back talent. I am passionate about do had that privilege. I learnt the English language at the and what am I doing now? I am making a film in Hollywood. problem understanding my actors and I ask them to talk sl for me to understand their accents. I can draw many parallels but the point I am making is th unbelievable, fictional, larger-than-life character. He i little tough to understand in this world because he does happy sitting back and accepting whatever is doled out th is considered an aberration. AJ: While writing, we did not look at Rancho as a charact hero of the film and he has been written like that, thoug nor a comic book hero. He has the attributes of a hero an to pretend otherwise. He is an uninhibited free spirit wi genuine queries. He does not operate with arrogance or co also played him with that inherent earnestness. But it wo that he does not have an arc in the film or a journey. Hi from Joy’s suicide. He would not have taken on the system perfectly wonderful boy was driven to suicide because of ruthless system education has been reduced to. This stirs he cannot ignore. A clear inspiration and influence here Amitabh Bachchan is a daily wage worker at the dockyard. to pay extortion money to Peter, the local goon. One man he is killed by the goons. The death of this innocent per He decides to fight back. “Raheem Chacha ab woh hoga jo 2 Agle hafie se ek aur coolie inn darindon ko hafia nahin d that has not happened in 25 years will happen now. Next w will not pay the extortion money to the goons), goes the this death which changes him, Amitabh would have remained 330 to earn his daily wages. This incident, its futility and writing Rancho, Raju and I had discussed this scene from suicide is a turning point in Rancho’s life. This is his of his own journey, he changes lives including his own. Like Rancho, Virus’s character must have been a challenge achieve balance there? RH: During Munna Bhai M.B.B.S., we were shooting a scene to deliver a speech to the students. He improvised and ad doctor should be dispassionate towards his patients. He m distance to give him perspective. The exact line was: “Ag karoonga to mere haath kampenge.” While scripting this, m that this argument is so logical and valid that it comple character. It makes my hero look weak. Boman looked at me was my problem and not his. As an antagonist, he must hav if that point of view weakens the protagonist, then the d protagonist stronger. This has stayed with me since then. this while constructing the characters in my films. This that are real and not one dimensional. Therefore, Virus d of reality. His intention is not to go out there and harm life is a race and if you don’t run fast enough, you woul his point of view and he is unwavering in his belief. The film starts with Farhan abandoning a flight that has was a long process before you arrived at this opening for drafts I read, several approaches were tried including th contemplating bringing in Amitabh Bachchan as the narrato opening scene and why was this scene the most appropriate RH: The starting point is always tough. The idea was to s large activity which Farhan has to abandon at the very me was done to establish the importance of Rancho in Farhan’ AJ: Though we went along with the airplane scene to open alternate scene that happens to be my favourite. Given a instead of this. In my favoured beginning, Farhan is a li of a conversation between two Heads of State at the UN. H 331 leaves this session to meet Rancho and these two men are is a lot of comedy that emerges from linguistics but we d to develop it so we went along with the airplane scene. T more dramatic. But these things are a matter of explorati possibilities and then chooses the one that best works fo Joy’s suicide was a critical point of debate. There are d several that did not. Its inclusion was probably most fie entire screenplay. It was felt that this was too dark an that it might dilute the revelation of Virus’s son’s deat was the thought behind the suicide scene and the reason f 20 minutes of getting into the film? VC: There was a lot of back and forth that happened over doubts about whether we should include this or not. But w that this gave motivation to Rancho’s character. Raju too adding a montage and a voice-over at the editing stage. T with Farhan’s voice-over talking about Rancho and his qui there the voice-over says, “Ek aur tha bilkul Rancho jais voice-over that Raju introduced at the editing table, int the script. Otherwise, it would have been too much of a j that a brilliant guy like Rancho can go one way or the ot Phunsukh Wangdu or become so dejected by seeing mediocrit that he gives up on life. RH: Joy’s suicide was thrown out and brought back innumer and I were very keen to keep it as we felt that the confl from there, otherwise it would just be a fun film without it. Vinod and Aamir felt that it should not be there. The too dark and grim. It was a jarring inclusion in the film convinced that this had to be there. This went on for a l got it back into the script a month before the shoot star But the debate over it continued and then finally the mon during the edit, settled the matter. Earlier, the Rancho the film. We had not even planned to keep it. Nevertheles that if I ever felt like reviving it, then it could be do first screening of the film we organised for a sample aud being a mad genius was not coming across. I added the mon 332 it with Joy’s introduction by that voice-over, made Joy and also lent him credibility. AJ: Joy’s suicide is the spine of the film. The second-ha devices. But Joy’s suicide is what makes Rancho realise t is the killer and it has to be fought. It is this belief and the story forward. Otherwise, why is he doing the thi first half of the film would become insubstantial if we t The challenge was to put this thing that worries us about so that we know what Rancho is fighting, and the film is the weight of this intense scene. The interval point is a bit of a shock. The tone of the s are unlike the rest of the film. There were other interva well before arriving at this one. How did this come about RH: I wanted the fact that Rancho is an imposter to be re I felt if we stretched revealing this till the interval, very rich kid had come into a college and was having fun. needed to be told as quickly in the film as possible that it would get the audience to feel for him. So in the earl the flashback one more time in the first half to reveal t Rancho but an imposter. Then we went back into the flashb different interval point (Farhan and Raju discovering tha being one of the options considered). But after a lot of script, I felt that the interval would be a great point t Rancho but an imposter. Sometimes, I still feel that it m reveal this earlier even though what we eventually put in point. In the end, these are choices that one makes. So o was going to be the interval point, we narrated it to Vin add the element of the college photograph having a differ appealed to me as it enhanced the scene. VC: Unlike the West, Indian cinema does not follow the th a two-act deal. It is a very unusual way of watching movi world watches films like this — you see one part of the f chai, then you watch the rest of the film. This makes the critical. Therefore, one must invest a lot of thought in happen. In this film, my thought process was focussed on 333 the audience when they would go and buy their popcorn. B to come back to find out what happens next in the film is the suggestion, I did not think that Raju would retain it quality to the twist. I felt that the audience would enjo time I told Raju, he said he liked it but I do not believ evening. It is an age-old joke between us that I am the ‘ he is the ‘next morning guy’. He likes to mull over and t He makes up his mind only after that. So I always go with things the next morning and not on the evening that they happy that he retained it. The film initially ended with these people finding Rancho in a school, leading a simple happy life doing what he lo ‘Wangdu was not in the film at all. How did the idea of P fall into place? RH: Yes, that is true. Phunsukh Wangdu was not in the fil ended with Farhan, Raju, and Pia reaching Ladakh and disc teaches in this fascinating little school and that is his to do, he did it. But we felt that maybe the audience wou They would probably say that ‘yaar khush to hain, lekin p na” (He might be happy but he earns very little money). W audience understand, we had to show him to be successful way. This is the reason we added the Phunsukh Wangdu, cov and backtracked to plant him in the film. This is where C He was shown to be looking for someone in the entire film man he is searching for is Rancho. The idea was to show a out of choice. Rancho has the option of signing a deal wi millions but he has chosen to do differently. We felt thi understand things better. Another reason was that we kept feeling that the climax w that our climax was the delivery and then we were just wr Ladakh. It felt weak. We, however, were doing a lot of th were showing an unusual school. As Farhan, Raju, and Pia see (an entire scene was there intially) that a race is g and one kid falls down. Instead of carrying on, all the k him up and then proceed to finish the rest of the race. T 334 other and say that this can only be Rancho’s school. Cha initially had Millimeter in it. So all this material was not coming together to result in a spectacular end to the Phunsukh Wangdu, things started falling into place. But t get it all together at the end took us a lot of time. Fin a big twist at the end. We solved the Phunsukh Wangdu riddle in our heads in Goa. a writing visit to Mumbai. I received a call to attend th (IFFI, end 2007). We decided to travel to Goa for two day reason to get away from Mumbai and write. We stayed at th one where we had shot the Lage Raho song with the old peo excited about it. He has this fascination for revisiting Except for the chief minister’s party the night we had ar the festival at all. We took a long walk on the beach the Phunsukh Wangdu fell into place. It was quite magical and with the climax after that. Phunsukh Wangdu, the real identity of Rancho, is revealed point of revelation that Rancho is actually Phunsukh Wang you battled with for over a year. What made you decide th RH: This was a tough one to decide. We were unsure of thi before we shot the scene. Abhijat and I felt that it shou the friends reunite, before Chatur’s arrival. By doing th to the audience that Rancho was Phunsukh Wangdu, the man and Chatur’s dialogues and demeanour with Rancho after th become even more hilarious to the audience as they would in for a real shock when he found out that Rancho is Phun and Madhavan were of the view that the revelation should that the film ends on a high note. They felt that reveali this dramatic twist. This is when the tussle started. Abh long time but Aamir and Madhavan were so vehement and ins a question in our minds also. When I was in Ladakh for th feel that maybe their suggestion holds some weight. Maybe would be a great way to end the film. So I changed it and day before the shoot. Frankly, I still don’t know which r it is a matter of interpretation. Both routes are correct 335 Chatur’s speech scene is a complete departure from the R and the overall VCF sensibility. There were also varied o shloka at the end of the speech. Were there any apprehens writing this? RH: I was aware that what we were doing with this film, w There was also complete awareness of the fact that we mig what people might label as toilet humour. There are raggi their underwear. The language is of a certain quality and but while writing, we realised that the campus world we h completely false if we didn’t use the language, the irrev whole college milieu while creating it. This is the way t our job was to stay true to this world. This was the nece scene we cracked when Abhijat and I were in Columbus, Ohi decision that Rancho will change Chatur’s speech was alre not worked out the details of the scene yet. We decided t for ourselves. It would have been easy to change the enti words were to be changed, then it would have been tough. was to write a speech that, if kept in its original forma were to change just a few words in it, then it would beco We struggled for many days to find the right words. We ha words and many ideas but nothing was good enough. We want One day, we were out for a drive and we hit upon chamatka after using this a few times, we felt that we needed a ch entire speech only on a single word change might get mono for the second word started. I was in Ohio then, visiting for a walk when the second word struck us (dhan’ and ‘tta Anoushka (age 12) was also with us. While Abhijat and I w this and Abhijat almost fell down laughing. We were both not share this with Anoushka. The shloka at the end is another story. It was not there the screenplay, we had rented a small farmhouse in Pune w write very often. During one of our writing sojourns in t other context and not in the context of this speech scene shloka. laughed to the point of tears. I decided there an in the speech scene and it was incorporated at the end of already had this trait of farting and is called Silencer 336 in perfectly. But Vinod felt we should take it out. Late But I was very keen to retain it. During the edit, Vinod too long and we should take out the shloka but Vir (Vinod saw the scene was in splits and didn’t want me to touch i in the film so I was happy that eventually everyone came VC: (Blushing) I was very shocked by that shloka. But Vir through screenings on other people and they died laughing nothing to do with sensibility because as Raju said, one of the film and not some general sensibility. Therefore, issues here. I just felt that the scene was getting too l stretch. My biggest concern is always that the audience s AJ: The speech scene was hilarious but I must say that it as a set piece for humour. It is the illustration and the of the ideologies which is the key element in the film. R learning that our education system encourages. He is comp ‘definition of a machine’ scene introduces that. The spee of following blindly without understanding the meaning of Chatur is end-oriented whereas Rancho worries about the j the battle of the philosophies becomes an open battle. Ri have the scene where Chatur and Rancho lay a bet to meet who is more successful. The speech scene lent to the prog the film. The shloka at the end is another story. I knew that if I immediately want it in the film and that is what happened was unsure about it like Vinod and like he said, it was n issues. It was because I felt that Rancho probably would speech to this extent. He would change just two words and for him to drive the point home. But I am glad that Raju end because the shloka is the pitce de résistance of the The delivery scene has invited a lot of mixed reactions f audience. I remember you telling me that you began this f on the climax because that was a huge challenge you faced Raho? Frankly, what were you people thinking when you dec the concluding episode in the film? 337 RH: The origin of this scene is from Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. scene where Munna gets admission into medical college. He spite Asthana. He has no other motivation to study at a m than his disdain for Asthana. One night, he is roaming th They are drunk. Munna is wearing the doctor's white jacke a doctor. There is a Mumbai bandh’ that day. Both of them A boy comes running out of the chawl and is hunting for a mother is pregnant and her waters just broke. He has to r or find a doctor. He spots Munna and drags Munna into the thinks that Munna is a doctor. These guys have no idea wh they get through the delivery. The idea behind the scene realise the value and responsibilities of doctors. The mo this would have hit him. Now, he would really want to stu script underwent many changes and this route was abandone about it. While writing 3 Idiots, like I told you earlier first decide the climax. Abhijat and I talk a lot when we one of the scenes I mentioned again and Abhijat said, “Wh here?” Rancho could apply engineering for the delivery. T with a short story I had read somewhere about a man who u baby while he was still in his mother’s womb, connected w ‘Aal izz well’, our climax, started taking shape. Then, w gynaecologists to make it authentic. It became a big joke Vinod used to come to office and ask for us, he was told the gynaecologist. Everyone teased us endlessly about our One of my friends had introduced us to Dr. Sejal Desai wh while writing this scene. She told us about the various p could be delivered. The only procedure which could be com was the suction method. A lot of people think that this c scene is totally authentic and it is possible to deliver step, we consulted the doctors and, in a way, we wrote th lot of work, a lot of research, and a lot of time were sp the shoot, the doctors were there and constantly monitori and how it was being depicted. This is not one of those u things that we have put in the film for the sake of a gre You have often referred to the three scenes that constitu in the film as the soul of 3 Idiots: Raju’s job interview 338 with his father, and Rancho breaking down when they come about their triumphs. These scenes had several rewrites b final form in which they are in the film. Why do you feel the essence of 3 idiots? RH: These are the moments in the film I am most attached very emotional. Even while narrating these scenes, I woul emotion. In a way, I feel, they are the crux of the film. of an underdog succeeding. I like hope. I see victory in do whatever you want without fear. This is what one wants had to put a lot of work into these scenes. For example, happened in order to elevate the interview scene to the l to. It was written and rewritten several times. Initially things about fear, god, and superstition and he used to g scene was flat. It lacked punch and impact. Then we hit u which transformed the scene completely. How this happened is quiet remarkable as well. I had read about a small boy who is asked by his teacher to write an to become. The boy writes his essay describing his dream, day with thousands of horses. The teacher is not impresse this unrealistic aim to a more practical one. He tells hi more achievable as the boy comes from too poor a backgrou dream. He also threatens to fail him in the assignment if comes the next day and again submits the same assignment. now. He tells him that he will surely get an F on this as “You can keep your F Sir and I will keep my dream.” I was story. I narrated it to Abhijat and was itching to use it subconscious thought was to apply this somewhere in the s find the right moment or place for it. In the end, in a d this scene. I think the thought here is of preserving wha willing to give that up, then that is the first step towa your dreams. Farhan’s confrontation with his father, apar not an easy scene to execute. Even in the writing of it, satisfied with the trigger that makes the father come aro has to say more, do more. Something here was not working very unsure about executing the father’s change of heart. pitch, everything had to be perfect for this scene to wor 339 Abhijat. I was very restless about this. He reassured me something. He wrote this entire scene on his own and mail What clicked was this gesture he suggested for Farhan. Th during their conversation and comes and sits down on a ch his father and kneels down before him and talks to him. I and total submission that elevated the scene. If you noti is not of rebellion but of persuasion. Farhan is asking f informing his parents. He is appealing to them to let him would not have come around, he would have sacrificed his Lastly, the scene where Rancho breaks down was not there you look at it, there was no need for it technically beca (Raju’s job interview and Farhan’s conversation with his gone straight to the barber shaving off Virus’s moustache But I have always felt that when there is an emotion this out in full. You need to see the aftermath, otherwise it to pacing a film is as much in speeding it up as in slowi breathe when the screenplay demands it. I wrote this scen in the earlier scenes to its rightful conclusion. But when we shot the scene that in its original form had and hug Rancho and he breaks down, I was not satisfied. I him about what he thought of them taking off their pants tussi great ho,” to Rancho. Earlier this was to happen ri reunite in Ladakh. Abhijat liked the idea and we changed removed it from the climax of the film and brought it up these boys, now Chatur takes off his pants at the end and great ho. Tohfa kabool karo.” There seems to be a design to the way 3 Idiots has been w is carefully balanced with laughter. The audience does no weight of any scene. Was this intentional? RH: This is an inherent trait in all my films. If I had m everything with laughter. I believe in the world that I c can choose to be cynical or one can choose to look at thi really analyse the emotional, dramatic scenes, you will n of happiness and hope and not of despair and loss except 340 sadness in films. So more than design, this happens beca the world: our beliefs, experiences, and ideas. AJ: I agree with Raju but it is still gratifying to see t we managed to diffuse the tension by making people laugh of craft, this is a massive challenge. It can ruin a film effortlessly. Our inspiration for this was The Lion King. hard-hitting, unforgettable, and memorable moment but exa you are transported to the world of ‘Hakuna Matata’. We s we are moved and stirred but two minutes later we are sin with joy and hope. Most screenplays would dwell on an eve for at least ten minutes. Your (Raju and Abhijat) collaboration began during Lage R It continued through 3 Idiots and now you are writing ano It is a delicate relationship where many things have to c become productive. How does it work for both of you? AJ: Raju and I share the same sensibility. Our approaches that we want to take, are all the same. When Raju and I w follow is completely non-linear. We start with writing th is a nightmare later to string them together and beat the the magic of this method is that once you do this, you ha such an unknown path that the audience has no chance of s trajectory of the film. So we first follow the magic and most and then apply reason and bind it together. It is a of minds. RH: I spend more time with him than I do with my wife. I (laughs). Apart from him being a good writer and our sens (we are both from small towns and we have shared similar points are the same), the quality I most enjoy and admire not defend his scenes. Most writers spend a huge chunk of their scenes. If I want something done differently, he un view. This does not mean that he is not passionate about not believe in his scene but it simply means that he is r positive aura. Secondly, I don't have to walk on eggshell relief. In cinema, you waste a lot of time, precious time 341 everyone you are dealing with is an artist. You have to convey your opinion without hurting people or offending t I don’t have to do with him. I can say what I feel withou any sugar-coating. It saves us a tremendous amount of tim Abhijat does not give up. We could have been through a mi does not get fatigued by the evolving screenplay. He keep I know that this stems from tremendous passion. Even if t need to be changed, he has that faith in me and I in him better, we will do whatever it takes. This synergy is rar working together, I never thought that I would need a wri work with a writing partner but now I feel it is essentia The process of screenwriting and directing holds such mys hard to figure out where to start. What would your sugges aspiring to write and direct their material? RH: I believe that formal education in some form is essen does not have to enrol in an institute or course necessar learning like reading, watching theatre and films can hel grammar that will enable you to write and make films. But preserve is the faculty to think from your heart. Once yo important, we tend to lose the innocence with which films tend to view them only with an eye on the craft: there co those are the hurdles in the plot; lensing just changed; this shot, and so on, is what we start focussing on. We s from the perspective of craft. The ability to think from film honestly vanishes. For me, to keep this faculty to t is the biggest battle. This is what leads to honest work. to bring in fresh ideas. It is very tough to do that thes be there to achieve this. AJ: I feel that novelty of idea is paramount. Anything yo to write should not have the sound of something that has times before. The approach that though it has been done b so well that it will work, according to me, does not work about the idea that you choose and you need to believe in to you to begin with. Once you have settled on the idea, in. A screenplay demands a lot of time and patience. The 342 quality is the goal, cannot be rushed. Therefore, you mu that time. At least two to three years. Once these two co for the first two or three months you must not write. You Where do I want to go with this thought? What am I trying characters in my story? Why is what I am saying worth say writing this at all? These are the questions you should s these initial months. Once you have convincingly answered should start the writing process. A good technique is to at the same time. It helps sometimes. You might love some work for a screenplay so you can always put them in the o on or save them for some other story in the future. So yo darlings. But more than two screenplays at a time is a di VC: The only process and method I know is consistent, rel focussed hard work. Let me tell you a secret. Talent, as inborn. It is something you have to work for. If you work achieve anything. That is the key to it all. — Smriti Kiran 343
46) 152) text: A thing of beauty is a joy forever ... — John Keats Praise this world to the Angel ... show him some simple thing, refashioned by age after age, till it lives in our hands and eyes as a part of ourselve — Rainer Maria Rilke Three minutes of cinema time ... A young lady who hates her father’s archenemy and furious within the next three minutes break off her engagement wi hopelessly in love with the same archenemy, and convincin rain-drenched love song with him. The girl is Pia; the nemesis she must confront is Rancho; is Suhas, the Price Tag; and the song she must sing is “Z The question is: How do we achieve this sea change within time? Raju and I ponder over this question in New York City ove know with absolute certainty that we can’t spend a single the love story. Our screenplay, completed except for this half-an-hour longer than we would ideally want. And the p song is particularly precarious: around the 75th minute i most people are itching to leave either for the restroom screenplay sags even for a second before the song, audien end up using the song as a restroom break. And if they d from such a mass exodus in time for the interval point, t most crucial plot-point of the story. We can't let them go for a break. Which means Pia must fa archenemy in no time at all. But how? In Shakespeare’s Richard III, Princess Anne goes to slay Richard, only to get engaged to him in the same scene, me allure. Richard later boasts: “Was ever a woman in this h woman in this humor won?” remind Raju of the scene. Raju we are not Shakespeare. Point taken. So how do lesser mor Through some mundane, everyday thing. Some simple object, age. In this case, it’s going to be Pia’s watch. In their first meeting, Rancho had seen Pia being reprima fiancé for wearing a cheap watch at her sister’s wedding. we had not seen the potential of the watch as a /eitmotif where I have followed Raju from Columbus on the last leg hope that we can crack the Pia-Rancho track before his de decide to play with the watch and see what happens. What happens is a little miracle that a screenwriter enco or four years. Opening salvo with the watch: it helps Rancho deflate Pia ‘demo: Rancho hides the expensive watch that the fiancé h and tells him that she has lost it. This simple ruse brin maniacal materialism, brand-obsession, price-consciousnes the fiancé. Moments later, stunned and insulted, Pia brea Salvo two: Rancho has vanquished Pia’s fiancé but not yet in an instant, through a single innocuous remark. He cong the courage in breaking off with her fiancé and points ou apni maa ki ghadi pehan sakti ho” (Now you are free to we This single sentence causes an explosion in Pia’s cogniti alters her perception, memory, reasoning, and finally her know that the cheap watch she was wearing at her sister’s mother? Because he could reason that the bride's sister, 348 could be wearing one object so humble only for its senti possesses sensitivity and tenderness that she had never s Salvo three: The next time Pia meets Rancho, she holds ou wearing her mother’s watch. Without a single word, throug one gesture, she conveys to him that she has forgiven him and debunking of her father’s and her fiancé’s philosophi is now firmly in his camp. In fact, she loves him. Thus, the watch helps us tide over one of the trickiest p to derail our screenplay. Even more importantly, it infus one quality that sets him apart from almost all character cinema — authenticity. When Pia’s fiancé is ranting about the lost limited edition watch, Rancho gently retorts, “M lekin time wohi batati hai” (Mine is inexpensive, but sho is an incident that we borrowed almost verbatim from Vidh when as a young and struggling student, he could not igno humble watch from an affluent relative.) This remark by R his authentic nature and the very first overt declaration value over price, passion over pragmatism, excellence ove over information, communication over jargon, education ov over diploma, and a mother’s watch over a limited-edition All we asked of the watch was to save us a few minutes. W kernel, the essence, the very nucleus of the film. Strangely, we stumbled on the extraordinary potential of that we faced very early in the screenplay, a problem tha a big cliché. The scene: The Director’s motivational speech to the fres at college. Audiences around the world have heard and witnessed such ranging from the great bombast in Patton and Full Metal J offerings from the trashiest of campus flicks. Tom Stoppard, the great English playwright, came to the r but in spirit — boleto Chetana. Stoppard thrives on intro his plays and later providing perfectly plausible explana 349 plays begins with a man opening the door of his apartmen his face, a bow and an arrow in one hand and a tortoise i policeman carrying a bouquet of flowers standing outside. gives us an entirely convincing reason for this outlandis Stoppard’s virtuosity, the cuckoo’ nest, complete with th The Director carries this strange object in his hand as h corridors. The audience wonders about the logic of this p speech, the Director links it with competition that aboun off its competition by pushing the host bird’s eggs out o gets involved in the story of the koe/ and ruthless compe negated a big cliché. Later in the same scene, instead of rhetoric or polemics, we take it to its climax with anoth out a gleaming astronaut’ pen, holds it up enticingly as students. Through Rancho’s healthy disrespect for the pen salivating regard for it, we were able to immediately and between two conflicting philosophies: obsession with succ again, an inanimate object was helping us not merely to s but in intensifying the film as a comedy of ideas. Since one speech was served so ably by two diverse object grasped that inanimate objects would play a seminal role I have lately grown fond of saying, they would form the D For Lage Raho Munna Bhai, we had discovered about halfway process that the DNA of the film was ‘olta kar’ or do the of inversion. For constraints of space, I can only give o
46) 153) text: ‘When Munna is asked how to deal with a boy who desecrate from behind him Bapu answers: “Give more stones to the la all my statues.” This is clearly inverse to the answer th postulate in their heads and therefore highly intriguing guess what will follow. Throughout Lage Raho Munna Bhai, we had summoned this principal of inversion. For Broken Horses, another screenplay I co-authored with the childhood memory of a mentally challenged character. dilemmas, he summons not his faculty of reasoning but the what his parents taught him when he was little. In every found ourselves relying utterly on memory for solutions. 350 For 3 Idiots, which was being written at the same time a that the DNA was objects. Objects marked the comic and th and the philosophical beats of the film with equal felici of each object that served us so valiantly for transfusin scenes would fill a book longer than the screenplay. But of our extended encounter with things. The Comic Objects The empty gift envelopes, the mounds of food on the plate crucially, the mint chutney are irreplaceable for the com Rancho gatecrashes Pia’s sister’s wedding. Of these, the a powerful motif. Rancho first drops it on Suhas’s shoes We went on to use it in three more scenes: A. In the song ‘Zoobi Doobi’ where Pia imagines Rancho as the virtues of the “ever-useful mint chutney that, apart also reveals a man’s character.” B. The scene where a drunken Pia barges into Rancho’s roo small town, offers her dhokla with mint chutney to distra amorous advances. This leads to the memorable lines about names of innocuous Gujarati food items like dhokla, fafda like missiles to Pia. C. The scene of Pia’s wedding, when to stop the groom fro altar, Raju Rastogi irons his clothes with an iron drench As promised, the chutney reveals the groom’s character in him scream out the price of his ruined wedding dress. Our most innovative comic object, however, is not the min that place must go to an object so humble, so self-effaci not even remember it — the heart-rate monitor in the hosp in a coma after his suicidal ‘high jump’. This object ser It saved Reel No. 7 of the film from becoming so grave, h it could have sunk the entire film. This, by far, is our starts with the Director’s brutal act of compelling Rasto own rustication — an act that drives Rastogi into attempt after Rastogi’s recovery, in the twin movement of Farhan 351 he does not want to become an engineer and Rastogi succe job interview. This reel is clearly the heart of 3 Idiots after overwhelmingly moving scene, this was also by far t the longest (about 20 minutes) reel of the film. We despe some levity, some joy to this beat of the story. Since th allowed no scope for comic maneuvering, we came up with w the most daring and audacious tricks of our screenwriting lace the musical interludes of the song ‘Jaane Nahi Denge hold on! Swanand Kirkere has written those stanzas so mov has sung them with such unbridled emotionalism that how t in comedy into the interludes? Well, with the help of the little heart-rate monitor. Knowing that Rastogi’s brain responds to voice despite th tell outrageous and funny lies to him to try and revive h comic, we realised that it would fall flat since the lies from the coma-stricken Rastogi. This is where the heart-r Whenever Rastogi responds to anything that is said, his h the graph on the monitor alters. The dance of this graph from the audience at every screening. The more outrageous the more vibrant the externalisation of Rastogi’s inner t finally utters the most outrageous lie that poor Farhan w without any dowry, the seismic dance of the white graph r The next moment the coma-stricken patient's right hand mo limbs, hope returns to his friends’ hearts and we, the wr comic licenses for non-use, get a fresh lease of life. Th Apart from these major objects, there were many minor one into the film to help us find chuckles, guffaws, and occa theatre-shaking laughter that makes the years of the scre worthwhile: the spoon at the end of the rod that Rancho i the urinating senior; the single grey hair that is kneade are eating rotis at the Rastogi house; Chatur’s hand-craf that he so jealously guards for Phunsukh Wangdu, the comi us to weave in the Wangdu track without drawing attention that the friends so shockingly and irreverently waylay an immersing the ashes in the sewer, blackmail the fake Ranc 352 of the real Rancho being an imposter, thus enabling us t dramatic and funny. Pia’s helmet helped us negate the sen Rancho’s dream [“Pia, tum roz dulhan ke costume mein scoo sapne mein aati ho. Ghoongat ki jagah apna helmet uthaati ride into my dreams on your scooter, dressed as a bride. lift your helmet...) ] and last but not least, the two ke are flung at Farhan, one by Rancho and the other by the D friend and the other from a dreaded foe, one stolen and t both thrown at him with the same aim: to save a human lif The Dramatic Objects A chopper with a surveillance camera mounted atop, rises seems to embody the joy and goodwill of the entire campus the crowd beneath giving it rousing cheers, it continues Skylark — “Soaring doth thou sing, and singing ever soare hand, guides this invention to the window of its originat catch his astonishment and euphoria on the mounted camera hangs from the ceiling fan, a failure in his own eyes. Hi the flying camera, hovers outside his window, recoding th his flight from this world. This is the biggest turning point in the film. From this an imposter, living under an alias and hence keen on keep off his gloves and takes on the system. I am ashamed to admit that for one full year, for the fir the screenplay, we had something as lame as sleeping pill demise. Peel off a few drafts of the screenplay, and what mediocrity! A few rings, a wheelchair, a laptop, and a letter, these with the bulwark for the most important beat of the story movement where Raju Rastogi, a changed man after his suic faces a job interview and Farhan, unyielding but loving, for leaving engineering and embracing photography. Withou the scenes would have needed so many lines of dialogue to emotions that they would have degenerated into sermons. O the dialogue and deepen the emotion. 353 Before facing the job interview, Raju Rastogi takes off all his superstitions and fears and discards them in a me Wordlessly, with that mutinous clang, the hitherto weak m fearful self. Later, the wheelchair is crucial to the sce panel. More than what he has lost, the wheelchair represe “Dono taange tudvaake apne pairon pe khada rahena seekha legs to get me up on my feet). The same scene, without ch of dialogue, with Rastogi sitting in an ordinary chair wo same impact. A laptop versus a letter — that is the essence of the enc and his father. The letter is Farhan’s dream, written fiv photographer requesting apprenticeship but never posted f father’s heart. Rancho sends it out without Farhan’s know answers, inviting Farhan to the Brazilian rainforest to w stands at two divergent roads, one that leads him to engi his passion, photography. Which one will he take? At this father is proudly showing his mother the brand new laptop anticipation of a plush new engineering job. The laptop r for all the sacrifices and hardships that the father has of his son and all his solid and conservative hopes of a this sense, the laptop is the exact opposite of the sense and passion that the letter represents. The scene becomes disparate philosophies through two commonplace objects. W an ounce of anger or bitterness, with immense love and re see the validity of his argument, the letter wins. The fa return the laptop and buy a professional camera for his s Another such scene where two rival philosophies clash app the scene of the vital bet between Chatur and Rancho. It but of priorities and values: Chatur’s obsession with suc for excellence. The rivals decide on a date ten years lat compare notes on who won and who lost. While there is no the scene, we achieved the ‘concretisation’ or the ‘solid Chatur to carve out a date on the mossy wall of the terra the wall, the date became tangible, solid, permanent. It lacked when it was merely uttered verbally in earlier dra not merely on the wall but also on the psyche of the audi 354 Perhaps the most telling example of this ‘solidification is the interval point of the film. Both Raju and I were e afier a long and eventful journey, the friends seem to re puts his hand on the man’ shoulder, the man who turns and friend. It is a complete stranger. The friends are shocke narrated this scene to Vinod, he didn’t share our enthusi restless till he realised what he was missing in the scen the mystery. Vinod felt that without solid evidence of so might take the encounter with the wrong man as some minor a communication gaffe that might soon be sorted out. So h seconds to our scene: Afier meeting the stranger, Farhan of the classmates, featuring all three friends but the pl photo is now occupied by this total stranger. The wrong m inanimate photo provides the scene with the final turn of mystery suddenly becomes concrete. The plot thickens. Am I reading too much into this concept of ‘solidificatio through objects? Am I zealously overanalysing a moot poin scenes in 3 Idiots that do not rely on objects? Wrong. In scene of the film, Chatur’s speech that goes outrageously balatkar, dhan versus sttun] relies entirely on wordplay. Rancho’s deliberately obscure, whimsical, and wooly-heade [“Instruments that record, analyse, summarise, organise, that are illustrated, non-illustrated, hard-bound, paperb foreword, introduction, table-of-contents, index; that ar understanding, enrichment, enhancement and education of t sensory route of vision. Sometimes touch.”] In both these on verbal dexterity. In one instance crude, in the other, scenes, then, constitute the antithesis of my argument? H if anything, serve to demonstrate the devastating effects understanding and ‘solid’ conceptual clarity that plague The wordplay scenes are meant, as Rancho would put it, to obfuscation, empty jargon, hyperbole, pomposity, rote lea nothing but ‘balaktkar pe balatkar’. Objects were our closest allies for three years. Like a f call up in the middle of the night at the time of a crisi objects every time we were in trouble. Every time, they r 355 times, like good friends, they didn’t make a big show of and remained largely inconspicuous. Almost invisible. But is now a part of what Rogers and Hammerstein have famousl of my favorite things.” Right from the official stamp tha beginning of the film, to the astronauts pen that with on gloating victory into a humiliating defeat at the very en not have been written without dreaming up hundreds of suc menial of these objects, are for me, things of beauty. Th and filled them with humor or drama; they took our most a made them accessible. In Shakepeare’s words, they gave “the airy nothing a loca — Abhijat Joshi 356