0) 3) dialog: (mock-sighing)                                       
0) 332) text: It's true. He's more a man- friend, isn't he? He's got a sports-car, Miss Stubbs. MISS STUBBS
0) 334) text: I think he must be as blind as Mr Rochester. Laughter. Jenny pulls a face at her. MISS STUBBS
0) 335) text: Is there no end to your thirst for literary understanding, Jenny? As you may have noticed, I'm attempting to turn the subject away from Jenny's lurid love-life and towards the matter in hand. She starts to hand out essays. MISS STUBBS
0) 336) text: And it's quite clear on this evidence that most of you know much too much about the former, and almost nothing about the latter. Reluctantly I must concede that Jenny is evidently an expert on both matters. Excellent as always, Jenny. Miss Stubbs slaps an essay down on Jenny's desk. We can s that it's marked `A+'.
1) 0) text: Jenny is in her Latin class, waiting for the lesson to begin. Tina and Hattie aren't with her, and she sits on h own -the atmosphere of the class is very different from Miss Stubbs' English lessons. The girls are different, mo serious, less fun, and the atmosphere is more sombre. The teacher, MRS WILSON, is older, plainer, stricter. She pul some papers out of her bag.
3) 54) dialog: Jenny, the headmistress would like a word at the end of the lesson. I'm afraid that the legend of Mr Rochester may have travelled further than you intended. Jenny looks at her, startled and a little sick. 60   INT. HEADMISTRESS'S OFFICE. DAY. The office is dark, wood-panelled, foreboding, apparently designed to put all visitors ill-at-ease. The headmistres would probably choose to be wood-panelled if she could. She's tweedy, bespectacled, severe. There is a knock at t door. She doesn't look up from her paperwork.
5) 22) dialog: Jenny, could I have a word?
5) 24) dialog: You can do anything you want, Jenny. You know that. You're clever and you're pretty... But sometimes those things fight. I'm worried that at the moment clever Jenny and pretty Jenny are fighting.
5) 26) dialog: I couldn't bear it if clever Jenny lost. It's because of people like you that I plough through illiterate essays by Sandra Lovell about her pony. And there aren't many of you, I can tell you. One every few years. Is your boyfriend interested in clever Jenny?
5) 28) dialog: Interested enough to let her do what she wants?
5) 30) dialog: He might not have to stop you. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
5) 32) text: (frustrated) I'm not sure what you're trying to tell me. MISS STUBBS
5) 34) text: (quietly) Where did you go? MISS STUBBS
5) 36) text: (louder, bolder) Where did you go? Which university? MISS STUBBS
5) 38) text: Oh. MISS STUBBS
5) 40) text: You're clever. And you're pretty. So presumably, Clever Miss Stubbs won. And here you are, reading all those pony essays. I don't know. These last few months, I've been to Paris, and to jazz clubs, and I've eaten in wonderful restaurants, and seen wonderful films, heard beautiful music... MISS STUBBS
5) 44) dialog: Isn't it?
5) 46) dialog: I'm sorry you think I'm dead.
5) 48) dialog: (coldly)
5) 154) text: May not an ass know when the cart draws the horse? Sings whoop jug I love thee. MISS STUBBS
5) 155) text: Yes, when it says `Sings', it means he sings those words. Girl 1 looks at her blankly. MISS STUBBS
5) 162) text: Ooh. Miss. Me. I can. Miss Stubbs looks at Jenny more in sorrow than in anger - Jenny's behaviour now is something new in their relationship. Jenny stares back at her defiantly. Suddenl Miss Stubbs notices something glinting on her hand: an engagement ring.
5) 164) dialog: Oh, Jenny. She is, as she promised she would be, heartbroken.
5) 170) text: Half the girls in this room are wearing jewelry. MISS STUBBS
5) 172) text: (coolly) We have a difference of opinion on that. Miss Stubbs stares at her. Jenny can only just steel herself to stare back. MISS STUBBS
5) 173) text: Let's see who's right. Come with me. Jenny doesn't move. MISS STUBBS
5) 190) text: So what I do isn't worth doing. Or what Miss Stubbs does, or Mrs Wilson, or any of us here. Jenny doesn't say anything. The headmistress takes her silence as an admission of defeat. HEADMISTRESS
5) 454) text: No. No, I'm not. 114   EXT. STREET MISS STUBBS FLAT. DUSK. Jenny in a suburban street. She's looking for an address. She finds the house, walks down the path, rings on a bell Miss Stubbs comes to the door.
5) 455) dialog: Jenny! It's a warm greeting. She ushers her inside. 115   INT. MISS STUBBS' FLAT. DUSK. It's a proper Bohemian flat, up in the eaves. There are books and papers and paintings covering every available surface. Jenny looks around. Finally, for the first time, we see her in somewhere she can feel at home.
5) 458) dialog: Oh, it's not hard. Go to Oxford and become a teacher and this is what you end up with.
5) 460) dialog: Penguin paperbacks. Posters and postcards.
5) 464) dialog: Let's forget all about it. A poster catches Jenny's eye.
5) 467) dialog: You make it sound as though it's an original. Do you like him? Jenny pauses.
5) 469) dialog: Still? Gosh, you sound very old and wise.
5) 471) text: I feel old. But really not very wise. Miss Stubbs, I'm....I need your help.
5) 472) dialog: I was so hoping that's what you were going to say.