0) 27) dialog: You should stay. Nearby, JOHN EMERSON chats up BILLY SHORE about the Russi Olympic boycott. Stratton checks his watch and shows Shore the time. He no Wilson pulls out speech and checks it one last time. Stratton and Shore approach the sofa where Hart sits.
0) 31) dialog: I'm fine. I’ll take the kids. You need to be in DC.
0) 33) dialog: Yeah, you do.
1) 9) dialog: Oh God! What? The agents move like a scrum, pushing them back into... INT. VIP SUITE, ST. FRANCIS HOTEL. CONTINUOUS. Hart is pulled into a corner. An agent hovering over him.
1) 11) dialog: Gary.... Gary?! They all look over at Hart. The secret service agent step away to reveal him doubled over, clutching his side.
1) 14) dialog: Gary!! But he can’t stop laughing. After a long beat...
5) 0) text: Gary and Lee enjoying sandwiches with Shore. Quick ad-lib about the quality of the food.
5) 4) dialog: Perhaps they’1ll conserve energy by not asking questions. Lee smiles at Gary. He winks back.
5) 6) dialog: Don’t be fooled, Gary loves People.
5) 11) dialog: Just think what your rent will be.
5) 15) dialog: I think we have some pull.
6) 0) text: Gray and Lee are hiking. He stumbles for a second and she makes a quip about his age.
7) 0) text: Gary and Lee share a sofa, reading books. They’re SURROUN BY BOOKS. Lee borrows Gary’s PENCIL to take notes. INT. ANDREA’S ROOM, TROUBLESOME GULCH - AFTERNOON Andrea is filling out grad school applications. Gary is g over one of her personal essays.
8) 0) text: Flashing bulbs. Hart, flanked by Lee on one side and Dixo the other, holds a pair of scissors over a ceremonial rib Yellow Rev. (9/15/17) 24. A large sign reads - “HART FOR PRESIDENT. NEW IDEAS.” We assembled staff and supporters cheering and whistling. Hart tries to cut the ribbon twice, but the scissors are small and dull. He smiles gamely.
8) 2) dialog: To second tries! Raucous LAUGHTER as Hart finally cuts the ribbon.
9) 12) dialog: (fine, smiling back) Are you?
9) 24) dialog: Gary’1l need water.
9) 26) dialog: You’1l need water.
9) 44) dialog: (reaching for Hart) Did you talk to Andrea?
10) 0) text: Gary and Lee sit for a MAGAZINE PHOTOGRAPHER who is makin minor adjustments to lighting as hair and make up people with Hart’s appearance. He’s trying to smile but it’s dri him crazy. The photographer keeps giving instructions... tension builds when we suddenly... Yellow Rev. (9/15/17) 29. EXT. ATLANTIC OCEAN. DAY. SILENCE, except for the sound of the GULLS softly cawing. The sun reflects off the ocean. It’s as peaceful as the l scene was hectic. We linger on the water for several seco seeing and hearing no one. Then we realize our POV is Hart’s POV. In a a tee-shirt and shorts and dark shades, he leans on HOTEL BALCONY RAILING and stares out over the ocean. He’s relaxed, we barely recognize him. EXT. TURNBERRY ISLE PIER, MIAMI. AFTERNOON. Hart drifts aimlessly down the pier with BILLY BROADHURST early 50s, a Southern raconteur.
13) 9) dialog: (prompting) Remember George used to sit out here all day?
17) 0) text: Rifles on racks. Timbersport pros and hunters have formed horseshoe around Hart in the smoky hall. It’s quiet. No o knows where to start. Hart sees the angry woodsman from earlier. He rolls back sleeves, shows his hands, and smiles.
31) 5) dialog: Hello? There’s a pause and then...
31) 7) dialog: All right. What is it? INT. HART’S TOWNHOUSE, CAPITOL HILL. CONTINUOUS. Hart sits at the kitchen island, eyes closed, phone to hi ear. He rolls the glass of VODKA on the counter.
31) 10) dialog: (exasperated) Oh, just say it, Gary.
31) 12) dialog: I see. A long beat as Lee absorbs the pain. We see Andrea watchi her mother with anxious curiosity.
31) 13) dialog: The one thing I ever really asked is that you don’t embarrass me. Hart nods painfully.
31) 15) dialog: Good. Sounds like you should. Feel stupid for a while. And with that, she hangs up.
33) 0) text: Lee grinds coffee as the radio plays Travis Tritt, surprisingly LOUD, like she’s trying to drown out the wor She HEARS something in the distance, under the music. She turns off the music and we HEAR it. A LOUD RUMBLING combined with a PIERCING WHINE. She stops what she’s doin walks to the front of the house and steps out onto the screened in porch.
33) 3) dialog: It’s an invasion.
33) 19) dialog: Okay, what’s your plan? Yellow Rev. (9/15/17) 90. Joe goes to speak, but has nothing. Lee smiles.
34) 28) dialog: It’s unlisted. Not many people have the number. (beat while he eats) Jesse Jackson called.
34) 30) dialog: Just told me to keep my chin up. He’s a lovely man. Strange. Lee takes another look through the window. She observes t news vans and journalists camped out at her gate.
34) 31) dialog: All these people want to feel anger and outrage for me, but it doesn’t belong to them. It’s my anger. They can’t have it. Yellow Rev. (9/15/17) 94,
34) 33) dialog: We'll figure it out. I think I’1l be ready to fly soon.
34) 35) dialog: I need to see my husband.
34) 37) dialog: I've spent thirty years of my life with your father. I’ve made many allowances... Lee sees the disappointment in her daughter's eyes.
34) 38) dialog: You think I should feel humiliated. Trippi and Andrea say nothing.
34) 39) dialog: Feelings that simple are a privilege of being young. Our marriage is complicated. So is our love for one another. (to Trippi) You married, Joe?
34) 41) dialog: I think you’1l find that it’s more complex than what they said at the altar.
34) 43) dialog: He will.
34) 45) dialog: (a sharp look) Andrea... I went to a Nazarene College. We invented penance.
36) 0) text: Irene Kelly sips a much needed drink. Half watching Fawn testify about Oliver North on television. INT. BEN BRADLEE’S OFFICE, WASHINGTON POST. DAY. A TELEVISION plays the same hearing. We PULL OUT to find Bradlee, Devroy, Kaiser, and Broder watching the hearing with fascination. Yellow Rev. (9/15/17) 97. A CLERK taps on the door frame. He’s holding a PADDED ENVELOPE. No one hears him amongst the ad-libbed response Hall’s testimony. He knocks a little louder. Broder sees him and points to the desk. The clerk sets it down on Bradlee’s heavy desk. He hangs back for a moment.
43) 0) text: Hart, stripped to his sleeveless undershirt and still in pants, is doing push-ups. Sweat beads on his face and he huffs. We watch him do a couple.
43) 26) dialog: I’ve woken up the last two mornings to the sound of helicopters. They're waiting at our gates. Dozens of them. Trucks with satellites. Their trash littered all over our driveway.
43) 28) dialog: She's disappointed. his head in shame.
43) 29) dialog: (stoic) Just to leave our home, She had to climb in the back seat. One of your staffers threw an old blanket over our daughter. That’s how she left our house. Hiding like a criminal. Like she should be ashamed.
43) 31) dialog: (staring out the window) Right.
43) 33) dialog: I can imagine. Sorry you got yourself in this mess. (scoffs) I’m sorry too. Gary wants to apologize but doesn’t know how.
43) 35) dialog: Maybe I’m the foolish one. I gave you all that rope and then I tripped over it. Yellow Rev. (9/15/17) 116. Lee begins walking to Gary.
43) 36) dialog: Were you thinking of me when you were flirting with this girl? Were you thinking of me on that boat when you were making her laugh in front of fifty other people? Were you thinking of me when you invited her into our home? Gary shakes his head then drops it. A long beat.
43) 38) dialog: I didn’t fly across the country just to say goodbye. That’s what phones are for.
43) 40) dialog: Not right now - Not yet - Maybe at some point. And that might feel like a burden. It should. You hurt me... and you need to know that. You need to feel it. Carry it so I don’t have to. (a beat) There'll be a time for us to talk about why you did this and why I should ever trust you again. But that will have to wait. When it’s just the two of us. Lee now standing before him as he sits hunched on the bed reaches out and wraps his arms around her torso, hugging She rests her hands on his shoulders.
47) 3) dialog: What’s that?
48) 0) text: A WAITER clears plates from the table where Hart, Lee, Stratton and Wilson are eating.
48) 5) dialog: Same here. 123. Shore, The waiter is looking at Gary, who stares straight ahead.
48) 6) dialog: Gary?
48) 8) dialog: Coffee? Hart waves off the waiter. MOVE TO the entrance of the restaurant. SWEENEY is return from the bathroom. He’s stopped by PARKER, who is holding now familiar PADDED ENVELOPE.
48) 17) dialog: (to Gary) I need to call Andrea. I’1l be right back. Shore finds a couple dimes for Lee. Hart kind of nods as we follow Lee to the PAY PHONES on t wall. She begins to dial. Back to Hart and the campaign team. We begin to push on H as the chatter between Shore and Stratton becomes a low whisper. Just noise along with the silverware.
48) 33) dialog: (emotional on the phone) OK, you're home now? And you’re safe? We faintly HEAR Andrea’s voice CRYING as she speaks. Hart slowly cracking.
48) 34) dialog: (on phone) It’s outrageous. They cannot, they will not hound you like this. They shouldn’t be anywhere near you. We will take care of this. Lee’s eyes begin to tear up as Gary pulls her into his ar A family just trying to hold on.
51) 0) text: Hart enters to find Lee waiting for him. He sits across f her. For a moment they just stare at each other. We can t by their body language that this is the beginning of a difficult conversation. What will be the first of many. B we CANNOT hear them. Rather, we give them their privacy. Meanwhile, in the corner on a television, we see Hart at podium with no notes, giving his farewell.