99) 0) text: Huge banners announce ‘L’eggs Presents 1994 Women’s Natio Figure Skating Championships.’ SHANE stands slightly bug-eyed watching the security guar front of a ‘Restricted Area’ sign, psyching himself up.
99) 1) dialog: My mind’s blank. Don’t let ‘em see my eyes- His face goes slack as his mind blanks. He gazes down and to the right. He takes a deep breath, holds it. Then: He walks right past security.
100) 0) text: Shane wipes his brow as he gets his bearings. Cameramen, skaters, technicians, coaches, all mill about. A PRETTY YOUNG SKATER is bent over, tying her shoe. Shane stares at her ass as he passes, trips into a securi guard. They lock eyes.
100) 1) dialog: ...The john? 59. The guard points. Shane mind-blanks again as he heads off Shane looks around, lost. He stops Michelle Kwan’s coach. SHANE (CONT’D) Which one’s Kerrigan? The coach points to the ice rink. Shane watches Nancy Ker walk off the ice, PASSING right by him. He does a double Shane psychs himself up. He can turn back or not. He hesi then follows Nancy. They disappear behind the curtain.
101) 0) text: Shane SNAPS open a baton. He STRIKES NANCY KERRIGAN’S LEG from behind as he hurries out, never looking back.
102) 0) text: Shane walks quickly as the first screams are heard. He he toward 2 large glass doors that lead to the street. He CRASHES into them. He pushes & pulls them. They’re loc He looks at the baton in his hand then at the glass doors RAISES the baton. But instead of using the baton, HE SMASHES THE GLASS WITH HEAD, baton held high. He pulls his head back, dazed, then pushes through the do
103) 0) text: A bit baffled, Shane takes a step in one direction then t opposite one. An OLD MAN happens to be standing there. Shane inexplicab tackles him. They hit the ground hard. Then Shane jumps up. He races down the street just as a car pulls alongside hi never stopping. Shane throws the baton underneath a rando and jumps inside the getaway car as it skids off. 169 170 60.
109) 0) text: Shane sits inside his car in front of the arena. He moves car up a foot and STOPS.
110) 0) text: Police lights FLASH as a team of police handcuff Shane.
110) 2) dialog: How'd you find me?
120) 0) text: Jeff, hair slicked, moustache shinning (if possible) is l in cuffs followed by Shane, Derrick & Shawn. Bulbs flash.