0) 397) dialog: (turning a page) No. They all share one.
0) 437) text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from th Belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform to the marina at Pescespada Island. Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread across a table. Zissou draws a route with a red Sharpie, sticks pins in different spots, spins a compass, and move around a tiny model of the Belafonte. Eleanor shakes her head, rearranges everything, and opens a bottle of liquid paper. Zissou leads his crew on a brisk run along the beach. He to Jane shortly as they pass by her in the garden. Ned st and jogs in place. He gives Jane a tiny sand-dollar. It glitters. Ned says something and Jane laughs. Zissou look back and shouts at Ned. Ned sprints to catch up. Klaus peels a strip off a chart on the wall labelled Shoo Schedule. He throws the strip out the window. Bill sits a desk in the corridor typing numbers into a calculator and making notations in ledger books. Wolodarsky sits in a br 52. closet playing two Casio keyboards simultaneously. A piec tape on the door says Recording in Progress. Vikram stand front of a window filming Pelé, who holds a color chart i front of his face. Renzo sits in a corner eating a tuna f sandwich with his headphones on. Eleanor studies a bullet board labelled Stunt Work. She puts an X across the words Skydive into Volcano. The interns stand in a row outside Zissou walks in front of them yelling like a drill sergea They look terrified. Anne-Marie quickly loads a Polaroid camera with film. She presses stop on her stopwatch and l at it. She is topless.
0) 562) dialog: (bitterly) No one. We're trespassing.
0) 582) dialog: Steve?
0) 584) dialog: Do you know you’ve just charted us on a course through unprotected waters? Anne-Marie shows Zissou the chart. Zissou says agreeably:
0) 586) dialog: (concerned) But it’s outside I.M.U. jurisdication. There isn’t any -- 70.
0) 593) dialog: Wait a second, Steve. This isn’t the procedure. There is a loud crashing sound from below. Zissou stops a looks down the stairwell. Wolodarsky yells up to him:
0) 772) dialog: No, I’m not. I told you these were unprotected waters. Zissou shakes his head and all the energy seems to drain his body. He says to himself in a pained voice:
0) 793) dialog: I believe it’s criminal that Steve allowed this to happen to us -- by which I mean illegal. We’re being lead on an illegal suicide mission by a selfish maniac. 94.