0) 431) dialog: (hurt) Why would I do that?
0) 433) dialog: (wounded) Well, I’m also a human being. Zissou hesitates. He nods. He says gently:
0) 437) text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from th Belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform to the marina at Pescespada Island. Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread across a table. Zissou draws a route with a red Sharpie, sticks pins in different spots, spins a compass, and move around a tiny model of the Belafonte. Eleanor shakes her head, rearranges everything, and opens a bottle of liquid paper. Zissou leads his crew on a brisk run along the beach. He to Jane shortly as they pass by her in the garden. Ned st and jogs in place. He gives Jane a tiny sand-dollar. It glitters. Ned says something and Jane laughs. Zissou look back and shouts at Ned. Ned sprints to catch up. Klaus peels a strip off a chart on the wall labelled Shoo Schedule. He throws the strip out the window. Bill sits a desk in the corridor typing numbers into a calculator and making notations in ledger books. Wolodarsky sits in a br 52. closet playing two Casio keyboards simultaneously. A piec tape on the door says Recording in Progress. Vikram stand front of a window filming Pelé, who holds a color chart i front of his face. Renzo sits in a corner eating a tuna f sandwich with his headphones on. Eleanor studies a bullet board labelled Stunt Work. She puts an X across the words Skydive into Volcano. The interns stand in a row outside Zissou walks in front of them yelling like a drill sergea They look terrified. Anne-Marie quickly loads a Polaroid camera with film. She presses stop on her stopwatch and l at it. She is topless.
0) 565) dialog: I’m required by law to notify the bank of any illegal activities.
0) 579) dialog: (in disbelief) You're going to steal his stuff?
0) 754) dialog: Apparently, they’re going to take a hostage, and they’ve chosen Ned, but -- Bill holds up a finger and listens as the pirates negotia with one another. He nods.
0) 755) dialog: Yes. Now that they’ve learned I speak Indonesian, they seem to have changed their minds. Five of the pirates surround Bill. One of them takes out buck-knife. An older pirate comes out of the bridge. He w a baseball cap. He and the other pirates talk rapidly wit one another.
0) 756) dialog: Do we have a vault? He wants to know about the vault.
0) 758) dialog: He says, Give us the currency? I believe that's the word. He appears to have seen one of your films.
0) 764) dialog: Should I try to negotiate with them?
0) 767) dialog: (hesitates) Well, I’m trying to be more --
0) 987) dialog: Bill Ubell, here. I'm on a pay-phone.
0) 990) dialog: I'm still blindfolded, and my arms are bound, but a young boy has been kind enough to assist me. There's not much chance I'll get another opportunity to call, so I thought I'd ask if -- (suddenly) No, no, I’m just talking to my wife! Our daughter’s graduating from high school and -- Bill switches into rapid Indonesian and the line goes dea
0) 1073) dialog: Did you get my message?
0) 1076) dialog: (pause) Honestly? You lose track of time.
0) 1096) dialog: That’s Cédric. He’s a friend. 131. Bill waves to the boy. The boy waves back with his machet Zissou says wistfully:
0) 1174) dialog: (pause) Ah, we fucking stole it, man. Hennessey frowns. He brings a cup of coffee over to Elean Zissou sits down next to them and says to Hennessey: