0) 90) dialog: Hello, Skinny. Eleanor points to one of Hennessey’s medals.
0) 91) dialog: Is that a new merit badge?
0) 95) dialog: Well, I was in love with him, at the time. 12.
0) 97) dialog: How are you feeling?
0) 99) dialog: Wait here. I’11 be right back. Eleanor walks away. A tall, beautiful African girl comes and stops squarely in front of Zissou. Zissou looks nervo
0) 104) dialog: Do we really want to put me through this? Pause. Zissou shakes his head. Eleanor hands him the whis and the pills. She and the African girl walk swiftly away different directions. Zissou sees the elderly man in the safari jacket spying on him from behind a lamp. The elder Man moves away. Zissou swallows the pills and drinks the whiskey. He goes over to a television set on a pedestal. 13. It shows him being interviewed on an English talk show. Esteban sits beside him. The host says:
0) 132) dialog: (flipping a card) He understands. Amin has to make a projection of the world grosses to see if he can get a tax break and run it through his output deal.
0) 166) dialog: I'd heard the story -- and you told me it wasn’t true.
0) 169) dialog: (quickly) OK. Bring him over.
0) 171) dialog: I’m sorry. How do you do?
0) 230) dialog: Your cat’s dead.
0) 232) dialog: Marmalade. I’m sorry.
0) 234) dialog: A rattlesnake bit it in the throat.
0) 239) dialog: Come inside, Ned. Let’s make-up a room for you. Ned looks to Zissou and follows Eleanor into the house. Eleanor says without looking back:
0) 240) dialog: That reporter called. Zissou nods. He goes over to a bucket of ice near the fro door and takes out a fish. He walks through the garden to large swimming pool adjacent to the laboratory buildings. stands on the edge of a platform and holds the fish out o the water. He waits expressionlessly. A killer whale bursts into the air, takes the fish out of Zissou’s hand, and splashes back into the water.
0) 288) text: The room is filled with racks of lenses, filters, tripods etc. Zissou puts a can of exposed film into a refrigerato Eleanor stands in the doorway dressed in her white bathro
0) 289) dialog: What are you going to do with him? 36.
0) 292) dialog: He didn’t take it, did he?
0) 294) dialog: Why? Pause. Zissou shrugs. He says simply:
0) 325) dialog: Ned? What are you doing? Ned stops and looks to Eleanor. Pause. 40.
0) 328) dialog: (distractedly) Him? Yeah. Ned shakes his head, impressed. He speaks quietly to the penguin:
0) 330) dialog: Kentucky. I once had a dirty weekend in Kentucky.
0) 332) dialog: A dirty weekend is when you're in a place where you’re not supposed to be, with someone you’re not supposed to be with. Can I say something to you as your potential stepmother?
0) 334) dialog: Be careful. OK? Ned hesitates. He looks at his mop and says vaguely: 41.
0) 336) dialog: I‘m not talking about the floor.
0) 437) text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from th Belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform to the marina at Pescespada Island. Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread across a table. Zissou draws a route with a red Sharpie, sticks pins in different spots, spins a compass, and move around a tiny model of the Belafonte. Eleanor shakes her head, rearranges everything, and opens a bottle of liquid paper. Zissou leads his crew on a brisk run along the beach. He to Jane shortly as they pass by her in the garden. Ned st and jogs in place. He gives Jane a tiny sand-dollar. It glitters. Ned says something and Jane laughs. Zissou look back and shouts at Ned. Ned sprints to catch up. Klaus peels a strip off a chart on the wall labelled Shoo Schedule. He throws the strip out the window. Bill sits a desk in the corridor typing numbers into a calculator and making notations in ledger books. Wolodarsky sits in a br 52. closet playing two Casio keyboards simultaneously. A piec tape on the door says Recording in Progress. Vikram stand front of a window filming Pelé, who holds a color chart i front of his face. Renzo sits in a corner eating a tuna f sandwich with his headphones on. Eleanor studies a bullet board labelled Stunt Work. She puts an X across the words Skydive into Volcano. The interns stand in a row outside Zissou walks in front of them yelling like a drill sergea They look terrified. Anne-Marie quickly loads a Polaroid camera with film. She presses stop on her stopwatch and l at it. She is topless.
0) 460) dialog: Had Ned’s heart stopped beating before you pulled him out of the water? Zissou stops. He looks guilty. He says quickly to himself
0) 462) dialog: Don't go on this voyage right now, Steve. One of you’s already dead, after all.
0) 464) dialog: Zissou. Account number 9942. Is Tino available? No, immediately.
0) 469) dialog: I’m leaving because I don’t want to be a part of whatever’s going to happen out there.
0) 472) dialog: Don’t call yourself that. If somebody says it about you, OK. But --
0) 475) dialog: I can’t believe you took that boy’s money.
0) 478) dialog: They’re early this year. I’ve never seen them mating before the solstice.
0) 480) dialog: Good-bye, Steve.
0) 482) dialog: What do you want me to say?
0) 484) dialog: Bon voyage. Eleanor gets into the sea-plane. The pilot guns the motor pulls away from the marina. Zissou stands alone at the en the dock as the sea-plane lifts-off the water, into the a Ned watches from his bedroom window. He turns out the lig
0) 896) dialog: Oh, shit. What do you want?
0) 898) dialog: Yes, I do. Tell me now. 106.
0) 900) dialog: No.
0) 904) dialog: Oh. That‘s my research assistant, Javier. Javier, te presento Steve. The Spanish man stands up and shakes Zissou’s hand. He an Eleanor exchange a few words in Spanish, and the Spanish goes outside. Zissou watches out the window as the Spanis man runs down the stairs peeling off his leotard. Zissou sighs. Zissou bends down to examine a twenty-year-old picture of Eleanor and Hennessey sharing a bellini in a gondola on t Grand Canal in Venice.
0) 906) dialog: How’s your father-son relationship coming along?
0) 908) dialog: (hesitates) Half-son?
0) 911) dialog: 
0) 914) dialog: (gently) That’s true, but let’s just say it’s all xight and -- leave it be. Pause. Zissou flicks the lizard onto the floor and walks outside. 108.
0) 917) dialog: I don’t know.
0) 919) dialog: (pause) I wonder how much I could get for it?
0) 921) dialog: It’s worse than a cop-out. I was thirty- four. Zissou nods. He takes out a joint and puts it in his mout He says sincerely:
0) 923) dialog: You, too. Zissou leans forward and lights his joint off the cigaret in Eleanor’s mouth. 109. INT. NED’S CABIN. NIGHT The Belafonte. Ned’s room is dark. The door opens. Zissou comes in and closes it behind him. He looks at Ned and Ja asleep in the bunk. He says quietly:
0) 981) dialog: Quiet! The dog stops barking and sits. Eleanor looks up to Zisso Ned, and Jane on the look-out tower. She shouts:
0) 982) dialog: Somebody pay for this water taxi! Pause. Zissou says to Ned:
0) 986) dialog: This is the message we received earlier tonight on our answering machine at Pescespada Island. Eleanor places the receiver on a cradle connected to a speakerphone. Bill’s voice comes over the line. There are jungle sounds and static on it.
0) 993) dialog: Based on the quality of the connection, the variety of the wildlife in the background, and the elapsed time between Mr. Ubell‘s capture and this message -- there’s a good chance he’s on one of the Ping Islands. Eleanor unfolds a map of the area onto the table. She indicates a circle with her finger around a cluster of ti islands.
0) 994) dialog: There was once a four-star hotel on Little Ping, but the entire island was destroyed by monsoon five years ago. It’s been uninhabited ever since. Zissou sighs. He shakes his head.
0) 999) dialog: Just because I‘ve decided to save your neck again and help you do this rescue doesn’t mean you’ve won me back.
0) 1002) dialog: I think Ned’s the politest person I've met in my life. Jane nods and smiles sadly. Eleanor brings over the sandwiches and sits down next to her.
0) 1004) dialog: Is the father out of the picture?
0) 1006) dialog: That makes sense.
0) 1008) dialog: (shrugs) Nobody knows. Eleanor goes to the refrigerator and gets a pitcher of mi She refills Jane's glass. She sits back down and stares a Jane for a minute. She says finally:
0) 1009) dialog: I’m going to tell you something confiden- tially, which won’t be mentioned again. I’m pretty sure I’m the only person that can say this, including Steve. Never mind how I found out -- I’m a scientist. It’s the thing that puzzles me about Ned’s situation.
0) 1011) dialog: Zissou shoots blanks.
0) 1013) dialog: {pause) I think maybe it’s because he’s spent half his life underwater. 119. Jane nods thoughtfully. She looks to Ned outside.
0) 1178) dialog: He was thirty, Steve -- but I would’ve considered it.
0) 1206) dialog: It is beautiful, Steve.