0) 84) dialog: Hello, Steven. How are things going with your -- what are you calling it? Leopard fish?
0) 86) dialog: (thrilled) Jaguar shark, exactly! I love it! (gravely) Tell me something. Does it actually exist? Pause. Zissou smiles slightly.
0) 88) dialog: Good man. Here comes our girl. Hennessey motions to Eleanor approaching from across the room. He kisses her on both cheeks.
0) 89) dialog: You're the most ravishing creature I’ve seen in my life.
0) 92) dialog: (pleased) As a matter of fact, it is. I just became a knight in Portugal. The presidente --
0) 650) text: A high-speed message transmission module as it laser-prin the following words onto a pink form: FROM: I.M.U. Headquarters TO: Operation Hennessey ATTN: Carl
0) 654) dialog: This is a message from the I.M.U. Coast Guard. Apparently, some crooked fuckers broke into my sea-lab yesterday.
0) 656) dialog: It doesn't say. They probably just trashed the place. {gritting his teeth) I’m so pissed I want to spit. Hennessey crumples the document in his fist. He spits on deck. He uncrumples the document and looks at it again. H says to the first Englishman: 78.
0) 657) dialog: Hugo, tell Carl to load my elephant gun with buckshot. We’re going to hunt down these sickos.
0) 801) dialog: This is Captain Hennessey! We’ve come in response to your distress signal! Remain calm and -- good God, is that you, Steven?
0) 805) dialog: An immaculate, polished-teak sitting room. There are nume control panels with blinking displays and buttons. A silv nitrate print of the photograph of Lord Mandrake is frame the wall. Hennessey sits draped over a camel’s hair sofa a glass of white wine in his hand. Zissou is in a pink si armchair with fringe on it across from him. The three-legged dog growls at Zissou’s side. Silence.
0) 806) dialog: Your engine blew up and all your fuel’s been stolen. Is that correct? ZISSoU Uh-huh.
0) 807) dialog: Well, I certainly know how you feel. Some crooked fuckers just stripped my sea-lab, you know. Zissou hesitates. He mumbles:
0) 809) dialog: (shrugs) I can tow you as far as Port-au-Patois. T’1l need your signature on this invoice first. It accounts for the expenses of the rescue operation, as well my time and that of my crew. Hennessey hands Zissou a bill. Zissou examines it.
0) 811) dialog: It’s an estimate. Zissou sighs. He re-reads the invoice. The dog scratches the sides of Zissou’s armchair.
0) 812) dialog: What’s your dog’s name?
0) 814) dialog: Be still, Cody. Zissou looks startled. He frowns and pets the dog. Hennes sits back down on the sofa. Zissou holds up the invoice.
0) 816) dialog: He's been kidnapped.
0) 818) dialog: Sign it now, or I’m leaving you out here. Pause. Zissou signs the bill. Hennessey takes it. Somethi catches Zissou’s eye in an aquarium across the room. He
0) 819) text: frowns. He points at it and looks to Hennessey. Hennessey nods knowingly. Zissou gets up and walks over to the aquarium. Hennessey turns off the overhead lights and joins him. Plastic tube and wires stick out of the water, and a digital thermomet hangs on the edge of the tank, connected to a computer. T is a navy blue squid-like creature the size of a football swimming figure-eight patterns and turning itself inside and back again. It has one green eye. Hennessey says quietly:
0) 820) dialog: Hydronicus Inverticus.
0) 822) dialog: Not for sale, I’m afraid. Zissou taps on the glass and stares at the creature. It breathes audibly.
0) 823) dialog: All right. Let him go back to sleep.
0) 826) dialog: (suspiciously) What? My supply belt? It’s by Hartwell and Kent. Why?
0) 828) dialog: {suddenly) Oh, I dined with Eleanor last weekend, by the way. She’s summering at my villa in West Port-au-Patois, don’t you know. Say, how's Team Zissou holding up without her?
0) 1082) dialog: Steven, are you rescuing me? Pause. Zissou nods reluctantly. Hennessey looks deeply touched. He drops his cards on the table and says to the pirates:
0) 1083) dialog: Fold. (to Zissou) What’s our next move? Zissou hesitates. A pirate across the table shoots Hennes Hennessey is knocked down flat on the floor. Zissou grima in horror. He ducks behind the staircase and struggles to his Glock out of its holster. The rest of the pirates scramble, grabbing weapons and shooting. Zissou shoots ba
0) 1089) dialog: Perhaps, but we’re extremely well- insured. I’1l probably come out ahead, in the end -- although we‘ll obviously have to crew-up from scratch next time. (quietly) They made soup out of my research turtles. Zissou sees a half-destroyed poster for the Ping Invitati pasted-up at the end of the bridge next to a sign pointin the ninth hole. He shakes his head.
0) 1173) dialog: Is this my espresso machine? How’d you get my espresso machine?
0) 1176) dialog: We’ve never made great husbands, have we? Of course, I have a good excuse. I’m part- gay. Zissou shrugs. He smiles and says warmly:
0) 1201) dialog: That’s him, Klaus. The shark sweeps gently past the tiny submarine and bumps lightly, snapping away the tuna. The submarine dips viole and tips over. The passengers are thrown sideways. They l at each other, terrified. Zissou rights the submarine and steers away from the rocks. Jane whispers: