0) 42) dialog: Where's your gun? Ogata hesitates. Zissou surfaces suddenly. There is blood his wet suit. He rips off his mask and gasps. He looks disoriented and wildly agitated. He points into the camer and shouts with his voice raspy and cracking:
0) 46) dialog: (stunned) Esteban was bitten?
0) 48) dialog: (shocked) Is he dead?
0) 50) dialog: (confused) Was he -- he was swallowed whole?
0) 52) dialog: He’s got hydrogen psychosis. Crazy-eye! (yelling to Ogata) Wait! Get him out of the fucking water! There’s something down there! Klaus and Ogata scramble down a ladder to help Zissou. Kl says loudly but calmly:
0) 107) dialog: Steve, this is my little nephew, Werner. He wanted to meet you. Zissou pats the boy on the head.
0) 109) dialog: He brought you a present. Zissou takes the plastic bag and holds it up to his eyes. There is a tiny blue, green, yellow, red, and orange stri sea-horse swimming inside. Zissou says quietly:
0) 111) dialog: You don’t look too good, Steve. 14. Zissou licks his hand and presses down his hair awkwardly rearranging his cowlicks. He looks to Klaus.
0) 135) dialog: Werner, what are you doing? Werner stands on a table in the corner of the room with h sleeve rolled up to his shoulder and his arm reaching for turtle at the bottom of an aquarium filled with water.
0) 263) dialog: Can I have a word with you, please? Zissou frowns. He goes over to Klaus, and they speak privately.
0) 265) dialog: Because the sound’s going to be shit. He doesn’t know how to hold a boom. He doesn’t know diddly-jack about what we do.
0) 280) dialog: (skeptically) He‘s Steve’s son, supposedly.
0) 285) dialog: Hm?
0) 287) dialog: (shrugs) OK.
0) 362) dialog: So you really think you're a Zissou?
0) 364) dialog: Well, you travelled a long way for I don’t know, sonny.
0) 366) dialog: Yeah? Well, a lot of things are important to some of us around here, sonny.
0) 368) dialog: And another thing: it’s the Steve Zissou show. It’s not the Ned show. Klaus slaps Ned briskly in face. Ned looks stunned.
0) 369) dialog: You hear me?
0) 372) dialog: Not if I don’t see you first, sonny.
0) 399) dialog: Steve? You there? Oseary on line one! Pause. Zissou turns suddenly and sprints full-speed towar his office. Ned runs after him.
0) 437) text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from th Belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform to the marina at Pescespada Island. Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread across a table. Zissou draws a route with a red Sharpie, sticks pins in different spots, spins a compass, and move around a tiny model of the Belafonte. Eleanor shakes her head, rearranges everything, and opens a bottle of liquid paper. Zissou leads his crew on a brisk run along the beach. He to Jane shortly as they pass by her in the garden. Ned st and jogs in place. He gives Jane a tiny sand-dollar. It glitters. Ned says something and Jane laughs. Zissou look back and shouts at Ned. Ned sprints to catch up. Klaus peels a strip off a chart on the wall labelled Shoo Schedule. He throws the strip out the window. Bill sits a desk in the corridor typing numbers into a calculator and making notations in ledger books. Wolodarsky sits in a br 52. closet playing two Casio keyboards simultaneously. A piec tape on the door says Recording in Progress. Vikram stand front of a window filming Pelé, who holds a color chart i front of his face. Renzo sits in a corner eating a tuna f sandwich with his headphones on. Eleanor studies a bullet board labelled Stunt Work. She puts an X across the words Skydive into Volcano. The interns stand in a row outside Zissou walks in front of them yelling like a drill sergea They look terrified. Anne-Marie quickly loads a Polaroid camera with film. She presses stop on her stopwatch and l at it. She is topless.
0) 447) text: The television set. A tape of an early episode of The Lif Aquatic is playing. There is a shot of the Belafonte trap in a polar ice floe. The crew is on deck in Team Zissou parkas and furs. Zissou serves them hot chocolates with marshmallows. Ogata looks to be about twelve years old, a Klaus has a mohawk. Zissou announces in voice-over:
0) 458) dialog: That’‘s what it used to be like. Ogata nods. Klaus sees Zissou standing in the doorway, watching blankly from the shadows. Klaus hesitates. Zisso turns and walks away.
0) 510) dialog: (shrugs) Me, too, but Steve already called her.
0) 551) dialog: How should I know? I'm not his estranged father. Zissou nods. He says to Ned sincerely:
0) 567) dialog: I got it.
0) 589) dialog: What kind of system is this?
0) 591) dialog: (surprised) The Nines are out already? Wolodarsky nods. Zissou sees an espresso machine on the kitchen counter. He examines it.
0) 668) dialog: (bewildered) Where you coming from, jack-off? Shit!
0) 683) dialog: What? Ned slaps Klaus in the face. Klaus looks taken aback.
0) 684) dialog: Why’d you do that?
0) 686) dialog: (upset) But you gave me a warning already. You stood up for yourself.
0) 688) dialog: Well, now I owe you one.
0) 690) dialog: Why’re you doing this to me? He’s not my father, you know? I don’t have that. 82.
0) 692) dialog: We’re even, dammit! That’s it!
0) 699) dialog: Pelé and -- (frowns) -- who the shit is Kingsley Zissou? INT. NED’S CABIN. DAY Jane sits on the edge of Ned’s bunk. She wears a tight sleeveless T-shirt. Ned has on a Team Zissou swimsuit. He leaning into Jane’s lap with his ear pressed against her stomach. He feels the baby kick. He looks startled.
0) 721) dialog: Steve, would you mind opening the door? Silence. Zissou takes one last puff on the joint, puts it out, and sets the ashtray aside. He stands up and goes to door. He rubs the condensation off the porthole. Klaus’ face is revealed with the end of a machine-gun stu into his temple, a machete held against his neck, and a f gripping a handful of his hair. INT. NED’S CABIN. DAY Ned and Jane lie on the bed together. There is a knock on door. They look at each other. Jane frowns.
0) 747) dialog: They're going to kill us, Steve! Zissou looks to Klaus. Klaus is sobbing. Zissou yells to
0) 778) dialog: Steve? What are you --
0) 790) dialog: I’1l write up a few words to read over him. Zissou nods. One of the interns comes out onto the tower, shivering. His arm is in a bloody sling. Zissou says gent
0) 794) dialog: (pause) I hear what you’re saying, but I think you misjudge the guy.
0) 796) dialog: Steevsy, I think the crew might be ready to mutiny. Pause. Zissou cracks open the door to the dining room and looks inside. He says wearily:
0) 799) dialog: St. Paul said to the Corinthians --
0) 803) dialog: What about this guy?
0) 833) dialog: (confidently) Yes, I am. ZIssou I don’t understand. Why?
0) 834) dialog: (confused) What do you mean? Wait a second. What are we doing? I thought you said cross the line if --
0) 836) dialog: Do it again. I misunderstood. The interns whisper and murmur with each other. They all cross the line. So does Anne-Marie. Silence.
0) 879) dialog: Port-au-Patois! Dead ahead! The sailor turns and looks quickly behind him. He holds u his digital binoculars.
0) 881) dialog: Land, ho!
0) 946) dialog: Are you two fighting?
0) 1041) dialog: (hurt) Thanks. Thanks a lot for not picking me. 123. Klaus walks away to the edge of the roof, shaking his hea with his back to the group. Zissou sighs. He goes over to Klaus and stands behind him.
0) 1043) dialog: I’m sick of being on B-squad.
0) 1046) dialog: I always thought of you two as my dads. Please, don’t let anyone make fun of me for saying so. Zissou hesitates. He hugs Klaus. ZISsoU I can’t guarantee that, Klausie, but I’1l try. Can we get on with the maneuvers now? There is a flash of lightning, then a thunderclap. Everyo looks up at the sky.
0) 1051) dialog: Anybody see anybody?
0) 1055) dialog: Zip. I think this whole place is deserted.
0) 1069) dialog: Something’s in the coat-check.
0) 1078) dialog: Jesus. These pirates are monsters.
0) 1109) dialog: Where’s your symbol, Ned?
0) 1134) dialog: Thank you for putting me on the flag, Ned!
0) 1137) text: Ned sitting in the chopper with the motor running. Zissou beside him. Klaus stands crouched over outside Ned’s door holds Ned’s arm and yelis earnestly over the sound of the engine:
0) 1138) dialog: Yeah, but you stitched me onto the dolphin, and I want you to know how much it means to me!
0) 1140) dialog: (sharply) You’re not listening to me! I didn’t just like it! Klaus hesitates. He salutes Ned formally. Pause.
0) 1141) dialog: Do you understand?
0) 1199) text: A school of gently glowing pink fish suddenly swarms arou the vessel, swirling in all directions, and disappears. Zissou breathes heavily. Everyone waits in silence. A gigantic shark seventy feet long emerges slowly from th darkness. It looks scratched and scarred and pre-historic Its skin is covered with black and gold rings and circles and it shimmers with a silver lustre. A small homing devi on the end of a dart blinks brightly on it’s back. It swi quietly toward them. Zissou swallows. Everyone watches, hypnetized. Vikram films it. Klaus says oddly:
0) 1200) dialog: Is that him? Hennessey answers quietly, with emotion:
0) 1204) dialog: Do we still want to blow it up?