0) 68) text: The lobby of the theatre. A terrace opens onto the harbor and the Belafonte is anchored in the distance. The member the audience flood out of the auditorium. Zissou walks wi the director of the festival at his side. An elderly man dressed in a safari jacket follows, stalking them. A pale angular woman wearing bright red lipstick and a complex, asymmetrical hat intercepts them.
0) 114) dialog: Could you sign this, please? Zissou looks at the photograph. It is a picture of a youn blond Zissou underwater pointing a spear-gun at a black s with four blue eyes and yellow ink. A title across the bo says Shadow Creatures of the Lurisia Archipelago. Zissou signs the photograph.
0) 115) dialog: And this. The elderly man hands Zissou another photograph. It is a picture of two divers with movie cameras filming a swarm writhing sea-cobras. A title across the bottom says The Battling Eels of Antibes. Zissou signs the photograph.
0) 116) dialog: And this. The elderly man hands Zissou another photograph. It is a picture of a younger Zissou running at a full sprint alongside a black panther with white spots. A title acros the bottom says Island Cats! Zissou frowns.
0) 119) dialog: (hesitates) But I could’ve done that --
0) 122) dialog: Hey, Steve! How come you’re not sitting shiva for your friend Esteban? Zissou stops. He looks at the man.
0) 124) dialog: Who you going to kill in Part 2? The man points a pocket camera at Zissou and takes a snapshot. Zissou stares at the man. He lunges through the crowd and reaches for the man’s throat. The man dodges awkwardly and clips Zissou across the mouth with his came Klaus and Drakoulias pull Zissou back. The mob goes into panic. Eleanor lights a cigarette. Zissou moves away, disoriented, holding his hand against mouth. A line of blood runs down the side of his chin. He looks at his sea-horse. The plastic bag is leaking. 16. Zissou takes a glass of champagne out of someone’s hand. empties it onto the ground. He pours the sea-horse and th rest of the water into the glass. He walks down the steps a daze, holding the glass carefully above the crowd.