0) 193) dialog: I can’t find them! Renzo murmurs some mild approval and presses a button. We move to a metal sphere with portholes all over it connect to the bottom of the ship. Ogata is inside. He looks out his face pressed against the glass. ZISsou (V.0.) This is the observation bubble, which I thought up in a dream, actually. There are two white dolphins with cameras and electronic attached to them swimming underwater alongside the vessel They have pink eyes.
0) 437) text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from th Belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform to the marina at Pescespada Island. Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread across a table. Zissou draws a route with a red Sharpie, sticks pins in different spots, spins a compass, and move around a tiny model of the Belafonte. Eleanor shakes her head, rearranges everything, and opens a bottle of liquid paper. Zissou leads his crew on a brisk run along the beach. He to Jane shortly as they pass by her in the garden. Ned st and jogs in place. He gives Jane a tiny sand-dollar. It glitters. Ned says something and Jane laughs. Zissou look back and shouts at Ned. Ned sprints to catch up. Klaus peels a strip off a chart on the wall labelled Shoo Schedule. He throws the strip out the window. Bill sits a desk in the corridor typing numbers into a calculator and making notations in ledger books. Wolodarsky sits in a br 52. closet playing two Casio keyboards simultaneously. A piec tape on the door says Recording in Progress. Vikram stand front of a window filming Pelé, who holds a color chart i front of his face. Renzo sits in a corner eating a tuna f sandwich with his headphones on. Eleanor studies a bullet board labelled Stunt Work. She puts an X across the words Skydive into Volcano. The interns stand in a row outside Zissou walks in front of them yelling like a drill sergea They look terrified. Anne-Marie quickly loads a Polaroid camera with film. She presses stop on her stopwatch and l at it. She is topless.
0) 663) text: Zissou as he turns to Vikram and says over a radio head-s built into his diving mask:
0) 675) text: Zissou sits in the sound booth talking into a microphone. wears headphones. Renzo and Vikram watch him through the glass. Zissou finishes performing his narration:
0) 752) dialog: I just kept it rolling until they put this hood over my head. Bill and one of the pirates start an animated discussion Indonesian. The pirate shouts something to his colleagues Zissou says to himself:
0) 1060) dialog: (hesitates) Uh -- yeah.
0) 1199) text: A school of gently glowing pink fish suddenly swarms arou the vessel, swirling in all directions, and disappears. Zissou breathes heavily. Everyone waits in silence. A gigantic shark seventy feet long emerges slowly from th darkness. It looks scratched and scarred and pre-historic Its skin is covered with black and gold rings and circles and it shimmers with a silver lustre. A small homing devi on the end of a dart blinks brightly on it’s back. It swi quietly toward them. Zissou swallows. Everyone watches, hypnetized. Vikram films it. Klaus says oddly: