24) 17) text: Let me hear it! Bobbie, taking the sharp commands with ever increasing, yet still repressed resentment. The Assistant Director, BLAIR LITTON, enters the editing She is about 26 and every night since she got her job as Assistant Director she has been the first to crack under
24) 18) dialog: We'll need it in ten minutes.  We're putting it directly into... Jane holds up a finger of warning to Blair as she picks u ringing phone and talks to Bobbie at the same time.
24) 27) dialog: You don't have time.  Not a chance.
24) 30) dialog: I've got to tell Ernie...because there isn't enough time.
25) 13) dialog: Excuse me, Ernie, we're several minutes to air and Jane's shooting an insert still for tonight's piece.
25) 15) dialog: Okay.  I just wanted you to know.
25) 17) dialog: Norman Rockwell's 'Homecoming.'
26) 5) dialog: (hurting)
28) 1) dialog: We have a minute and a half.  It's my responsibility to tell them we won't be ready.
28) 3) dialog: In 84 seconds?
28) 11) dialog: You're saying 'Oh, God..."  They are going to go to up and the screen will be black -- they're going to go to black because we're not there.  How about careers, huh?  How about careers?
28) 13) dialog: We're not going to make it. Bobbie makes a small bobble -- Jane giving the merest evi of the strain, scratching her face repeatedly.
28) 15) dialog: (unravelling)
28) 19) text: You're almost there, you can do it -- can do -- can do. And as the pitch reaches its zenith, 27 seconds left.  Bo hands the tape to Blair.
29) 0) text: Blair hikes up her skirt and takes off.
29) 1) text: Our "chase scene" as Blair soars through the newsroom, le chair smoothly, smashing her leg against a table in full the adrenaline deadening the pain -- she arrives at a wai elevator -- uses a key dangling from her neck to unlock i nervously during the ride and now, in FULL EXTENDED FLIGH down the long corridor heading to the control room where arrives; slamming the tape into a technician's hand even introduced on the air.
30) 0) text: Aaron, Jane, the others looking at the end of the piece o air -- Tom in the b.g. as Blair enters -- relaxed, almost
30) 1) dialog: I was a little nervous there for a minute.
30) 8) dialog: I haven't seen Bill smile like that in weeks. Ernie has walked a few steps to the office.
30) 9) dialog: Ernie, you missed his close... He smiled. (mimicking)
39) 3) text: The first shots were fired not thirty seconds ago. The MUSICAL "EVENING NEWS" SIGNATURE COMES IN ever-so-bri The SCREEN GOES TO A COMMERCIAL -- as Blair screams enthusiastically.
39) 4) dialog: Great graphic, great graphic. Ernie ENTERS THE  SCENE... He kisses Jane in greeting -- Aaron on the back.
39) 14) dialog: Jane!  Bill Rorish wants to speak to you at the break. (as she hands it to her)
39) 24) text: Thanks.  I just wish you'd kept the first twenty seconds. Blair cringes at Jane's blunt reply.
39) 44) dialog: What did he say?
53) 0) text: As he enters and runs outside, looking in both directions running off to the right.  A BEAT -- REVEALING Jane has s to talk with Blair -- now she exits.
55) 14) dialog: I think it's great of us to have left in what you said -- just great of us. Tom smiles modestly.
55) 17) dialog: I liked it.  He's not afraid to be human. Ernie ENTERS THE SCENE with his fourteen-year-old DAUGHTE in tow... He approaches Tom.
57) 1) dialog: I don't know why we have to feel defensive about it.  Newspapers are in business to make money -- why not us? Aaron looks at her in amazement.
57) 2) dialog: They criticize us for supposedly pandering while they run WINGO Games.
57) 4) text: Exactly right.  Excuse me.  I'm paid to mix. Blair and Aaron laugh appreciatively as he walks off to a group.
57) 5) dialog: Goodbye, Paul.
57) 8) dialog: You think anyone who's proud of the work we do is an ass kisser.
57) 10) dialog: My gosh, and for a while there, I was attracted to you. She walks off.
61) 0) text: Jane is NOT hyper.  She is purposeful -- organized -- eve calming Blair with a little physical contact -- a touch o the arm, to still her colleague's hysterical demons.
61) 2) dialog: And Bobbie says...
61) 4) dialog: (a breath, then)
64) 0) text: Jane mounts some steps in the control room -- she moves p the DIRECTOR and TECHNICAL CREW up to the next level wher two news execs, Ernie and Paul stand with their backs to wall, and then up one more step slightly above the desk a table occupied by Blair.  Now she slips into the large we paddled throne-like seat -- as WE BEGIN MUSIC CUE. Literally at her fingertips is the row of buttons which p immediate access to the field reporters at the Pentagon, and the White House.  In front of her the bank of monitor Technical Team and past them the studio where Tom is seat Anchor, a FLOOR PRODUCER and WRITER feeding him copy.
64) 1) text: As she looks at Jane, poised to control the complicated a of minds and machines comprising the big time network new And Jane Craig is at the helm.  Blair experiences a flash emotion which transcends envy and verbalizes it.
64) 2) dialog: (sotto to Jane)
68) 0) text: As Blair hands it to Jane.
68) 1) dialog: It's Aaron.
82) 1) dialog: Do you know you're the second woman in network news history to produce?
92) 1) dialog: Ernie's been looking for you. As Aaron walks to his office.
113) 0) text: Jane is sitting in her editing cubby -- it is past noon. rises and stands in her doorway looking toward Tom's offi the door is open, the room is empty.  Blair ENTERS carryi an armload of tapes.  She looks extraordinary.
113) 1) dialog: I've got four hours of French demonstrations -- Jane waves it off.
113) 2) dialog: Some of it they use water cannons. Jane takes the tape.
113) 4) dialog: I spent a fortune on this. Blair EXITS... Jane pops the tape in, automatically makin timing notes, then standing -- looking again towards Tom' door. JANE'S P.O.V. The door now closed.
115) 6) dialog: Welcome back to Washington.
116) 11) text: Whooo. Blair enters wildly into the scene.
116) 12) dialog: They canned me.  Well, my brother will feel great -- now he's not the only screw-up.
121) 5) dialog: Except for socially, you're my role model. And now she sees Tom -- he mouths one word at her -- "Lon She nods that she already knows and then lets her body sa little.  He gestures her towards her editing room, so the rendezvous.