24) 0) text: ERNIE MERRIMAN is the network's Washington Bureau Chief. is in his early 60's, has worked for the network about 40 -- part of the golden age -- a family man, an honorable m a good guy.  Right now he is welcoming Tom to the network thereby good-naturedly helping with the destruction of al holds dear.  As he hands Tom his credentials:
24) 1) dialog: Any particular area you feel strongest in?
24) 3) dialog: Why don't you take a few days observing the system?  Then we'll put you on general assignment.
25) 0) text: Aaron is having a theoretical discussion with Ernie and JENNIFER MACK, a correspondent in her early 40's, a pione beauties in news.  She is well-schooled, bred, trained an known... GEORGE WEIN, a black correspondent in his 40s, a MARTIN KLEIN, formerly with the Johnson administration -- State Department correspondent for the network.
25) 4) dialog: Me too.
25) 10) dialog: Absolutely.
25) 14) dialog: She knows how much time she has. Blair flashes a tortured smile -- panic is growing.
30) 11) dialog: I saw the smile -- good piece.
39) 5) dialog: You finally got a piece in a few minutes early and I hear Bill loved it. Jennifer gives Jane a mock pat on the back. ERNIE (continuing)
45) 0) text: George Weln, the black correspondent and Tom are seated i office with Ernie -- they are in mid-meeting.
45) 2) dialog: (to Tom)
45) 8) dialog: It's not even a close call.  Of course we can't go with it.
51) 0) text: Jane waiting for an elevator... It comes and she steps on as Tom clearly excited comes around the bend from Ernie's calling for her.  He goes to the stairs.
55) 18) dialog: My youngest wanted to meet you. This is Ellie.
55) 20) dialog: You should be honored -- she never cares about meeting anyone here.  But she liked you on television just now.
55) 25) dialog: (helping)
57) 0) text: Ernie is hosting the news staff for Sunday brunch -- they around drinking in small groups... Aaron is standing with and a MAN in his fifties we have not seen before.
57) 35) dialog: I had the strangest thing happen yesterday.  Anne and I have been married what? -- Thirty-six years... Everything fine -- two days after the promotion came through, I was checking myself in the mirror and she was making a face at me behind my back. So yesterday I looked in the mirror and she was doing it again.
57) 37) dialog: My instincts tell me not to. Annie comes up.
57) 47) dialog: This would be a good time to tap that source of yours.  He could have an angle or something. AARON'S P.O.V. Tom is startled but cool -- nods his head -- Jennifer is looking at Tom with new and even prettier eyes... Paul an now move toward Jane, a whole flow of movement creating a energy in the area.  Jane sheds her Afghan as she rises t them.
57) 48) dialog: (to Jane)
57) 51) dialog: A Libyan plane shot up one of our bases in Egypt.  It's all still happening.
57) 53) dialog: Unfortunately, since Paul's here, he's made out the assignments... Jennifer at the White House... George at the Pentagon...Martin at State...and we need an anchor since Rorish is in his boat, so we're gonna do the whole report this afternoon from here...with Tom.
57) 55) dialog: (to Aaron)
57) 59) dialog: Jane, if you want to, go ahead.  I don't disagree with you. Jane moves quickly off, awed at the prospect of taking on big boss.
64) 0) text: Jane mounts some steps in the control room -- she moves p the DIRECTOR and TECHNICAL CREW up to the next level wher two news execs, Ernie and Paul stand with their backs to wall, and then up one more step slightly above the desk a table occupied by Blair.  Now she slips into the large we paddled throne-like seat -- as WE BEGIN MUSIC CUE. Literally at her fingertips is the row of buttons which p immediate access to the field reporters at the Pentagon, and the White House.  In front of her the bank of monitor Technical Team and past them the studio where Tom is seat Anchor, a FLOOR PRODUCER and WRITER feeding him copy.
72) 3) dialog: (calls back to Jane)
72) 12) text: Where's Jane?  I'm still juiced. Ernie points off... as Tom exits.  The Usher brothers hov
72) 13) dialog: (to the Usher brothers)
72) 16) dialog: New theme?  You don't need me for this.
72) 21) dialog: It worked. Man Two has the keyboard out and begins playing the prosp news theme:  a suite meant to have majesty and drive, a t composition -- the effect of it somewhat lessened by the that the two men VOCALIZE OTHER INSTRUMENTS over the keyb
83) 0) text: Paul is running the meeting from behind Ernie's desk. TWO OTHER NON-EDITORIAL MEN are in attendance.  As Paul discusses the more pressing problems of the network news division, Jane sits near the window strangely unmoved by her first moment at the seat of power.  She has the blues
93) 0) text: As he enters and finds Ernie bent over his desk.
93) 1) dialog: Oh, I was just writing you a note. What do you say we take a walk?
93) 4) dialog: Yeah --
94) 0) text: Ernie is silent... He's having difficulty.  Aaron is feel form.  Finally Ernie breaks his silence.
94) 1) dialog: I don't know if we have any younger man more respected in our operation than you.
94) 3) dialog: (agitated)
94) 6) dialog: Anyway.  I want you to think of this as...
94) 8) dialog: Upper management thinks you're dull. Aaron deflates.
94) 9) dialog: Aaron, I've never seen them like this -- I think Paul's nervous about his own job and for some reason he thinks you only appeal to...
94) 11) dialog: I'm no suggesting the worst will happen...but someone with your brilliance gets nibbles about other jobs and maybe, the next time that happens, down the road -- you should look into it.
94) 14) dialog: All I know is that they've got to fire a large number of people... and they're not going by seniority. There's a recklessness in the air.   They...
94) 17) dialog: I could do it this Saturday -- everyone wants off for the Correspondents' Dinner. Aaron turns -- his spirit lifted by the unexpected ray of
94) 19) dialog: Please prepare carefully.  This couldn't come at a better time.
94) 21) dialog: It's been a while since you read the news -- I'll have somebody work with you.  Just on superficial performance things. Several beats. ERNIE (cont'd)
94) 24) dialog: I understand.  I'll go with you.
111) 2) dialog: Tell me I'm on the way in.
112) 1) dialog: (into phone)
112) 3) dialog: Would there be any point to my going         to New York and talking to them?  Would there be any point in going over it with you?  No, I'm still coming in. He hangs up.
112) 5) dialog: They fired me. She takes his hand and kisses it -- then hugs him.
112) 8) dialog: No.  They're firing even more people than they said.  Some will want to talk.  It could help.
112) 12) dialog: Bye, sweetie.
119) 0) text: Aaron and Ernie are off to the side in the newsroom -- Pe are packing their belongings -- as secretaries cry and em from an office rumbles a shouted denunciation:
119) 3) dialog: She's in there becoming the first woman bureau chief we've had here. Tom takes this in.
119) 8) dialog: (pointing at Aaron)
119) 11) dialog: The cost-efficient reporter.