25) 0) text: Aaron is having a theoretical discussion with Ernie and JENNIFER MACK, a correspondent in her early 40's, a pione beauties in news.  She is well-schooled, bred, trained an known... GEORGE WEIN, a black correspondent in his 40s, a MARTIN KLEIN, formerly with the Johnson administration -- State Department correspondent for the network.
25) 5) dialog: Sure.
25) 9) dialog: Why not?
30) 6) dialog: Look at that smile.  Oh, that was good and oh my, Bill smiled -- he liked it.
39) 0) text: The Washington Control Room.  Jennifer, Jane, Aaron, Blai watching the intro to the Central American piece.  Tom st the distant b.g.  There are over a dozen monitors -- incl one which is constantly on the anchor man, Bill Rorish.
48) 0) text: The 10 A.M. briefing just breaking up -- Jennifer leaves network seat in the front row, only to be grabbed by Tom steers her outside.
49) 3) dialog: How come you're not chasing it down yourself?
49) 5) dialog: Boy, that's nice...I wish we could all deal with each other like this. I'll check it.  Anything I can do for you?
49) 7) dialog: I didn't have the guts to ask when I first came up.  I'll get you a great tour.
50) 0) text: Buddy and Tom watching the Evening News as Jennifer finis her story.
50) 1) dialog: (voice over; on TV set)
50) 2) text: The President says it's not a violation but nonetheless White House sources say the full price will be paid for the Peugeot and new rules will put future bargain hunting off limits for Presidential Aides.  This is Jennifer Mack at the White House. Tom and Buddy smile at each other... energized -- up.
57) 13) dialog: This is very awkward.
57) 15) dialog: Ummm -- it's dumb dorm stuff but I see Tom around you a lot and this is such a small office and I'd like to see him outside of work, unless there's some reason for you to mind... in which case I just won't do anything.
57) 17) dialog: You're saying stay away from him.
57) 20) dialog: We don't have to settle this definitively right now. Jennifer moves toward the drinking table -- Jane, unstead by the dose of self-revelation, moves towards Aaron's cir and scratches his back in friendship... Tom approaches an moves off -- not wanting to deal with him.  She takes a f breaths as she keeps walking.  We HEAR snatches of PARTY CONVERSATIONS, i.e:
57) 44) dialog: Well, there's nothing I'm going to do right this second. Jane pushes her again.
57) 45) dialog: But it's a party, right? Jane smiles back feigning female bonding -- Jennifer goes down the steps and crosses to Tom.
69) 3) text: There was trouble with them in the early days -- back in the 70's. Aaron dials again... As we SEE Jennifer standing at the White House.
78) 10) text: Jennifer, you want to have another drink?
78) 12) dialog: (as they move off)
79) 0) text: As Tom and Jennifer rush in locked in an embrace, sheddin clothes even as they enter.
80) 1) dialog: (intense shout)
80) 3) dialog: Sorry.
80) 6) dialog: The last time I was with someone we went through this awful mutual disease questionnaire but I guess it beats getting paranoid the next day.  Okay, I'll go first.  I haven't...
80) 8) text: It would never occur to me to worry at all about you. Jennifer is touched...
80) 9) dialog: You know something?  I'm deeply complimented.   Isn't it strange to be deeply complimented because the man you're with doesn't think you have a venereal disease?... Tom slides out of bed naked -- she moves quickly across t one outstretched hand reaching for his ass, a free -- eve sort of motion punctuated by her comment:
80) 10) dialog: Give me some of that. He dances away -- out of range -- liking the action, a st grin on his face.
80) 12) dialog: Through the closet. He opens the door and turns on the light in the closet.
80) 14) dialog: I converted a bedroom -- this stuff builds up.  Wait till you've been doing this sixteen years.
80) 16) dialog: Do you do bunny rabbits? Tom is enjoying himself immensely.
83) 2) text: This is going to be high-profile on the Evening News -- who do you think? George Weln or Jennifer?
83) 4) text: Jennifer. The men look at her curiously.  She repeats herself more rationally. JANE (cont'd)
83) 5) text: Jennifer.
91) 34) dialog: Tomorrow the jury returns to this site as each day brings more revelations of horror, four more bodies now taken from the frozen earth...This is Jennifer Mack in Wota Hamlet, Alaska.