57) 63) dialog: Okay, that's your opinion.  I don't agree.
57) 65) dialog: You're just absolutely right and I'm absolutely wrong? She nods.
57) 66) dialog: It must be nice to always believe you know better.  To think you're always the smartest person in the room.
64) 0) text: Jane mounts some steps in the control room -- she moves p the DIRECTOR and TECHNICAL CREW up to the next level wher two news execs, Ernie and Paul stand with their backs to wall, and then up one more step slightly above the desk a table occupied by Blair.  Now she slips into the large we paddled throne-like seat -- as WE BEGIN MUSIC CUE. Literally at her fingertips is the row of buttons which p immediate access to the field reporters at the Pentagon, and the White House.  In front of her the bank of monitor Technical Team and past them the studio where Tom is seat Anchor, a FLOOR PRODUCER and WRITER feeding him copy.
64) 13) dialog: Not now!!! (gesturing)
70) 9) dialog: (sotto)
72) 2) dialog: He was brilliant.  I've never been as proud of one of my decisions.
72) 7) dialog: (to the Usher brothers)
72) 9) dialog: (to Tom)
72) 17) dialog: Stay.  Why should I be the only one to feel silly?
72) 19) dialog: Go ahead. (to Ernie)
82) 3) text: No, I'm not.  I'm the fourth. Joan Richmond.  Pauline Fredericks got that credit once on a U.N. special and there's Susan Zirinsky.
83) 0) text: Paul is running the meeting from behind Ernie's desk. TWO OTHER NON-EDITORIAL MEN are in attendance.  As Paul discusses the more pressing problems of the network news division, Jane sits near the window strangely unmoved by her first moment at the seat of power.  She has the blues
83) 1) dialog: Anyway, they seem to be very serious about making me out eight million from the budget and that means massive firings. I'm doing everything I can... It's too early to make up a 'death list' but I just wanted you to be aware of the situation... We're also going to cover the Alaskan serial killer trial on a continuing basis.  I'd like it done out of Washington which means we've got to get somebody on a plane for Anchorage. We can't fool around anymore...Jane... She looks up at him -- a bit sleepy-eyed. PAUL (cont'd)
103) 2) text: Can I have your autograph for my wife? Tom and Jane turn to see a grinning Paul.
103) 4) dialog: So this is why you wouldn't do the Weekend New, you can't turn down a free meal.
103) 6) dialog: I'll see you two inside -- I think we're all at the same table. (sotto to Jane)
115) 0) text: Paul arriving with Bill Rorish.  The first time we have s the multi-millionaire anchorman in the flesh.  He has the and dignity of a man who spends every waking moment worki grace and dignity, He and Paul are in the midst of an important conversation muted and ominous.
115) 2) dialog: Almost immediately.
115) 4) dialog: Bill...This is hard on all of us and it's no time for compliments. But I think it's extraordinary of you to come down here for this.
115) 10) dialog: (can't resist)
115) 12) dialog: Just a bad joke.  I'm sorry.  Awful. It's a miserable day and that was some kind of totally sick-joke defense mechanism which does not indicate any of my feelings -- not one -- but just shows the kind of stress this represents for all of us. Tom and his Father ENTER the scene from Tom's office.  Bi walks to Tom.
118) 3) dialog: That's wonderful...what a lovely line. If there's anything I can do. They shake.
118) 6) dialog: Tom. Tom enters the room.  A nervous cough in evidence as he crosses to a seat.
118) 7) dialog: We're having a severe cutback, Tom -- 17 people in this bureau including technical personnel and we're going to reorganize at the same time. We're going to take you out of Washington for a while and assign you to London.