3) 504) text: of the neighborhood as they idle about. Bim and Swing admiring and conmentins ad libs at Soapy's (Bobby Jordan) dexterous performance, Standing to one side, respect= fully admiring the act, is the small Italian son of the landlady, Mrs. Magsione, Johnny. Soapy, looking up, giances down the strect and sces Rocky approachinge
3) 526) dialog: (awe-stricken) Gec, what a roll -~ there must be more'n 4 hundred bucks therGeces
3) 540) dialog: (reacting big) Rocky Sullivant Can ya ‘magine oe. I
3) 555) dialog: Olray ? (enthusiastically) Come on - whet're we waitin! fer?
5) 18) dialog: (to Rocky, wondering) “ Iooka like you and the Fathor aro old pals, Hockyeere
5) 105) text: as they walk down the length ef the "stores" One team is practicing near one goal, dribbing, passing and shooting for the basket, while at the farther ond, Soopy, Bim and Swing, with two boys whom we recognize from the choir scone, form the other team. Once of the latter, 2 tall, lanky kid, called Tiny, attempts to give instructions to Sog; and his pals, but they refuse to take it -= doing things their own waye
5) 115) text: 5 SCPeWY eee Bg@ain the centers tine up for a toss and this time Soapy eets th no ball roes to Bim and he snaps it to Soany, no with him - who starts to rum for his
5) 125) text: SRRY's Now look here, Soapy, you've got to play the rulese.. A chorus of protests and shouts from Soapy, Bim and Swing -- with razzing end Gronx cheers from the . opposing tean and sidelines. Jerry looks helplessly at kocky.
5) 157) dialog: He was too fast for mee..
6) 78) text: Soapy, Bim, Swing and some half dozen other kids are in baci of the adult curiosity seekers, peering through whatever spaces between the adults they can find, look~ ing with large, excited eyes at the corpse on the floor, Seapy turns to Swing who hasn't as good ’a view:
6) 81) dialog: Sho a@tya think done it, Soapy? Who dtya think?
6) 119) text: Bim, Soapy and Swing cre seated around a box, playing with a pack of dirty cards, The three mente
6) 121) dialog: Who'd'tya think the other guy was, Soapy? The guy the pharmacist told the cops about?
6) 126) dialog: Gee =-- think'a -~ (he breaks off as he sees Rocky enter) Hey! The other two lool up.
6) 132) dialog: Sure, Rocky «= dut what ase
6) 342) text: Soapy, Bim, and Swing are grouped together, the envelope in Scapy's hands, ‘heir faces are all exciteds BTiss Whadda the cops pinch tim for?
6) 346) dialog: Okay, okayeeel just askederses SOAPYs Gee ya orta seen them cops] They pass me right on the stairs -- an! they don't know nuttint « an! me wid dis under me shoitl The three laugh at this colossal jokes
7) 112) text: 256 (Cont, ) Bim gulps and just is able to nod his head, Then Rocky relaxes and leughs.
8) 53) text: A large group of n hborhced boys are gathered around the almost unrecos able tric - Soapy, Bim and Swings They are now all attircd in brand-nev, flashy clothes: exaggerated, pacided shoulders tight waist Lines, bell- bottom nants, patent~1e r Shoes, tight lmots on their loudly colored ties sayninst flashy silk shirts, New hats ata vakish angle complete the picture of vest-pocket editions of drug-store cowboyse
8) 73) text: Bim turns to the boys engrily.
9) 45) text: The boy starts rushing oute SUG 6 TO SkOT ac Soapy picks up the moncy, Bim whisners to hime
10) 239) dialog: Gee -- geo -- I hope they don't Get 'imace
11) 118) dialog: Gee ~~ do ya think they!11 vboin him in ce chair]?
11) 129) text: 175.6 EG, ‘oToru" MED, SHOT GROUP OF THIRTY BOYS avound Soapy, Bim and Swing. In the beg, just coming sorward, is Jorry.