0) 1) text: Sign at the entrance of an ola red brick building, read- ing: S. P, G. G. Detention Building - for Delinquent Boys
3) 67) text: 2 of wre ulwa st ‘¢ sunzving of a boys!
3) 103) dialog: Yeah «es. you and yer old man ee. J
3) 104) text: Rocky glances after them end smiles -= secing the pan- orama of his boyhood agein., Then he turns and catches sisht of the priest enterins the ovvosite side of the confessional booths
3) 159) text: imp, SxoT TAKING IN DOOR as a small boy poles in his touseled head and ANNOUNCES e
3) 214) text: as he stands in the entrance of the hous so on Dock Street and rincs the boll readine "Janitor" A small boy opens the door,
3) 394) text: a ey . BLASTER ¢ All richt, Grady -- that's settled. (to the others, seriously) ana if any of e rest of you have any troubles, con't wait till the bottom Falls out. Come in and get it fixed, Jf you need more money, say so, If you want more boys =-- tell it to Mac, If it's the law -- se right away, That's whut welre paying you for -- to use your headst
3) 505) text: of Rocky, walking toward them, absorbed in a section of the Sunday paper, the rest of which is wnder one arm, ANOTHER ANGLE BOYS Is! P.eGe
3) 522) text: as the last boy is scon climbing over the fence at the far end of the alley.
3) 525) text: 40,4 103 (Cont.) souvenirs. At the entrance is a danger flag, stolen from some oxcavation, reading: "DANGCR - MEN WORKING". The three boys are clustcred in a tight knot, going through the contents of a wallet,
3) 575) text: as the boys run past with parcels. Soapy catches sight of Rocky inside and calls to hime
4) 0) text: as Rocky and the threo boys sit around the table and dig into the assortment of dulicacics., Swing is at the gas ranges
5) 43) text: Okay-- Act's Cees (and with 4 porting snot from the door} eeeand no welchin' on that bets A buck to oa nickelee. don't forgote ‘They oxit hurricdly, ad libbinge As the boys leave, Jerry stands looking after them until the door closcsy then ho turns to Rockye
5) 105) text: as they walk down the length ef the "stores" One team is practicing near one goal, dribbing, passing and shooting for the basket, while at the farther ond, Soopy, Bim and Swing, with two boys whom we recognize from the choir scone, form the other team. Once of the latter, 2 tall, lanky kid, called Tiny, attempts to give instructions to Sog; and his pals, but they refuse to take it -= doing things their own waye
5) 118) text: 132 (Cont.) He snaps the ball in the boy's fase, catches it on its redound, then quictily shoots for the goal. It zoes throuch but a ery of wrotest soes ups
5) 146) text: Susi Pei ne notice ef = eee dpipuling the ball and as i < staff-aras the boy to ecif* Boapy evs
6) 127) text: as Rocky entors, his face set with determination, When he speaks to the boys it is crisply in a hard voice.
7) 60) text: The voices of the boys, their anger mounting, almost drown him oute cur TO:
7) 62) text: Rocky calls hime s running une a coin and takes the boy goes on, calling. Rocky locks over the heaclinos.
7) 73) text: Same heedlines as in previous sconc, CAMERA PULLS BACK and we find the boys to be in the hidcout, clustered around Soapy, Thoy arc dovouring the story. SQAPYs (roading) ',.sRocky Sullivan evidently returned dircetly to his bovhead haunts, follove ing his reloase and had been in the district only a fov davs before he hide napped Jamcs Pragicr, promincnt attorney anc playboy, for a ransom of one hundred thousand dollersecsee! . BIbs Say, maybe thet dough is in thet envelopees.
7) 95) text: as Rocky opens the envelope and checks the contents, The boys with saping mouths and popping eyes see the ¢ apn popping packages of noney.
7) 119) text: 2576 CLOSE Sov BOYS as they crowd about Soaps thero's your bills counts
8) 53) text: A large group of n hborhced boys are gathered around the almost unrecos able tric - Soapy, Bim and Swings They are now all attircd in brand-nev, flashy clothes: exaggerated, pacided shoulders tight waist Lines, bell- bottom nants, patent~1e r Shoes, tight lmots on their loudly colored ties sayninst flashy silk shirts, New hats ata vakish angle complete the picture of vest-pocket editions of drug-store cowboyse
8) 60) text: r boys, typical hangers= lis his cue vith a on the floor in a civcle crovwis in closers, Amo the group are several o on und A paoleroo prot eesional manner a big-leasue fashion, the a
8) 68) text: of three or four of the admiring younger boys as they watch Swing remove his coat, carefully fold it, and toss it to a chair,
8) 69) dialog: Criminy $ Thatls five bucks they got on 'a ganet
8) 70) dialog: Where'd dey get ali 'n dough?
8) 71) dialog: Dey must ta robbed a hank or sumpint t
8) 73) text: Bim turns to the boys engrily.
8) 80) text: As one of the older boys prepares to shoot, Sonny Looks off, calls. .
8) 98) dialog: “here!d ya heist all the dough, Swing?
8) 100) text: We wrote to Claus an! when woe woke up this mornin!, we found it in our socket The boys scream with Laughtere
8) 102) text: « SHOT Four or five kids One boy, panting, are secon running tovard the poolsrootts tellin: them:
8) 104) dialog: Ya oughtn sce tent They sot all nev, el cuag =~ ant deytre ttrowin!t money sround like nothint,
8) 119) text: As the boys yoll with excitement - CLOSE SHOT ExT, BACK ALLEY 4 boy, ome of thoso we have seen in the choir, is yelling up to another on the roof of a tenemente
9) 0) text: & fight is in progress; sone thaece boys are tangled with four others, 4 boy comes running in to then, unmindful of the fight. Heo yollse
9) 3) dialog: Soapy got ahold 'n about a million Aollarsee. Hico's spendin! it over at Murphyts =-+ 7 givin! out free beer ant preotuclsees
9) 4) text: The fight ceases instantly, i11 the boys take off for MUPrDHT! Sees VIPE TO;
9) 5) text: 4. few boys are practicing basket-ball and two or three others are wrestiing on a mate By comparison to the previous crowd of boys in tho "store", it is definite that there is a very scanty represcntations Near the front of the store, most of the boys are running up to and listening to several other boys who have just run in, panting. ‘The boys playing basket-ball give up their game and run over, The several boys all speak at once.
9) 7) text: As two boys try to nut on the sane pair of pants at the same time. One socks the othor - he socks back, They grab at the pents furiously end in thoir oxcitement, begin to rip then aparte
9) 9) text: as Jerry enterse Ho looks around boys are just Geshing out. The pass him, mumble,
9) 31) text: The boys again around the pooletable, noisily pleying and betting.
9) 38) text: ili-pool, with tro older boys, callow youths of und ninetcon, i411 the rest src thered about, intently. derry is seen looking over the heads of the boys in front of him, Soapy is about to play o aifficult shot.
9) 42) dialog: Noy, Soany ee. you promised us anothcr round of Leers if you woneess (chorus of approval
9) 45) text: The boy starts rushing oute SUG 6 TO SkOT ac Soapy picks up the moncy, Bim whisners to hime
9) 47) text: There is an omburrasscd silonec as Jerry facos the boys, Seapy, Bin ond Swing regerd hum with hostile oyese Sone of the other bows show their annoyance at the intorvup= tions some shov cmbarrassnont. The older kengers-on regard him with frank resentment. Jorry smiles and assumes a cAasu manner, but it is a straine
9) 59) text: 302 CLOSE Siot THE Boys They squirm in ombarrassmont, Hach looks «at tho other; then one-off them breatss tho silences
9) 63) text: Somes encourarted, Jerry turns to other boyse
9) 69) text: turns to the adult boys apy, efter a SO nefits °3 loudly
9) 72) dialog: see It's ep dete
9) 95) text: His enzer is rouse » bue he holds it in check, knowing any show of anger would only clie: ce the boyse
9) 465) text: 382 (Cont .) JERRY ¢ Yes, Laura ~- ve love him, I've loved him since we were kids six years old eos (vith emotion) We worked together --+ fought to-+ gether -- and we stole torether$ {a ShGrtd pause) I don't bieme Rocky for what he is today «= {he quotes softly) "But for the Grace of God, there walk I," (more earnestly) I'd do anything in this world to help him -- I'd give my life for him, if that would helpe (as Laura looks up) But it wouldn't, Laura, There'd still be these .«. other boys -- these boys whom I don't want to see grow up like Rocky Gia, I can't sacrifice all of them for Rockye They have lives too, Leure «~ end I can't throw them awayees (with grcat emtion) Zgantt soo $ Laura doesn't answer, There is a silence for & moment, The priest continues the struggle with himself,
11) 92) text: 478.6 and Svins, end some dozon other boys Soapy, Lim De vio is holcins: e cooy of the
11) 98) text: The boys laugh appreciatively,
11) 103) text: ein they have a heedlines: where ore boys
11) 109) text: The boys grouped arovnd Swing who has the newspaper, As bef we are shooting so thet we can sce the headlines, "HOCKEY GALNS - 3L0nS$ Liv OFF CO:.ukUPTION --
11) 122) text: it is held in a boys! hana, but this time we are close on the paver and do not the boys, The headlines read: "ROOKY BURNS TOMOMOL, Over this come the boys volcecs:
11) 129) text: 175.6 EG, ‘oToru" MED, SHOT GROUP OF THIRTY BOYS avound Soapy, Bim and Swing. In the beg, just coming sorward, is Jorry.
11) 132) text: Fis features show his sorrow as he listens to the boys.
11) 393) text: (SHOOPING TO THT BOYS PAST JERRY)
11) 406) text: BOYS «SOVE