2) 0) text: as Rocky enters, looks around and sces Jerry waiting for him, The Visitorst Room is ¢ large roon, containing chairs and small tables all are the wells, with noth- ing in the center, Another uniformed atterdant stands at Suerd, gaging out of « window while smoking a pipes
2) 6) text: Over Jerry's risht eyebrow 1s a strip of adhesive tape protecting the cut.
2) 7) text: as Rocky greets Jerry engerly.
2) 9) dialog: (worriedly) All right. How ther treatin’ ya, Rocky? ( CONTINUED)
2) 12) text: Jerry's fece clouds. He loots orf, first to see that the more is beyonce ear-shot, then whispers,
2) 13) dialog: Listen, Rocky ... I been worryint about this, all last night, ZI can't let you take the whole blame, heya send you to the Reform School for tyo yosarsy
2) 26) dialog: But it ain't fair to you ees
2) 30) dialog: (making one last desperate appeal) But look, Rocky, if I got caught and you were the one who got awayess. I'll bet you wouldn't keep quiet, You'd moke ‘om send you up, too, Rocky hesitates for 2 momont. Jerry's guess is correct, but he pleys hard-boiled, ROCKY; Co on ee. what do ya think I am «oe? A poy=scout! If you got caught in= Stoad o' me, it'd be just your hard luck, I'd lsy dead, just like you're gonna do. ‘ JERRY: (hurt) Ya would?
2) 39) text: Rocky is facing the Judge. DSehind him is seated an elderly ed-lookin: 2 drooning shouldora « his father fearby is Jerry, 13 shering ana unrormed ‘ »dis at . vy and standing, facing the ma: : Cc is the pad representing the plaintiff, a herd-bitten ely oblivious to Rocky's ye 4 8 much vencmence as ii ho a harden-~ ed criminal,
2) 78) text: as he mi ching him Jerry (oorervep)
3) 122) dialog: (casping - his face into a vide Rocicy }
3) 126) text: 62 (Cont) They scine cally. 64, MoD. SrCT Jerry and Por Rocky 236 2 each other's hands and shake enthusinstie=
3) 132) text: as Jerry leans
3) 147) text: Ihave to Manpened while fas cutside could always was always on G3 CLOSn SHOT JERRY as he smiles sadly. “hen, nlowly =
3) 155) dialog: (laughing } To sure Adoeee (CONTINUED)
3) 186) dialog: Well, more than that ... It's for the older fellows toc. Welve sot a t Oo basketball court there and have repular Saturday nisht socials - dancing, movies .e. an cducational talk now and
3) 201) text: to keep a ocoming ses Ri PULLS BACK to incluce Jerry, owhavrasse me yon to see it, Rocky. d, as he
3) 203) dialog: Around here -- in the parish?
3) 208) dialog: it's over on Docl: Strect .., second house from the cornere As thoy valk out toncther, Jerry taking wo his black
5) 0) text: as Jerry is seen coming up the stairs. As he passes Laura's landing, he stops, looks at her door, looks up the stairs, then docides to call on Laura before visit~ ing Rocky. He knocks at her door, Laura opens it and pleasantly grects him. LAURA; Eello, Fathor evs
5) 1) dialog: I just thought I'd say thello!t on my way upe
5) 3) dialog: (hiding a smile) Oh, just an old friend 4... Hach has believed the other was unavare of Rocky's return and cach intended to spring it as a surprise on the othere
5) 5) dialog: Ivanted to surprise youeess
5) 15) dialog: (trying tc bo pleasant) Didn't take you b nnd Rocky long ts get aequainted eve?
5) 21) dialog: (laughs) We sure dideee but now it's the "store", you kncwe Instantly thero is an awkward pauses
5) 23) dialog: Tees E hoped you boys would be down et the "store" teday for the basketball game and maybe get into the block tearises MED. CLOSE Sic? GROUP
5) 37) dialog: (happy) All right, boys, the "storcts! openesce you can go right over nouwe
5) 43) text: Okay-- Act's Cees (and with 4 porting snot from the door} eeeand no welchin' on that bets A buck to oa nickelee. don't forgote ‘They oxit hurricdly, ad libbinge As the boys leave, Jerry stands looking after them until the door closcsy then ho turns to Rockye
5) 44) text: Jerry smiles wanly, shexcs his heade
5) 45) dialog: Tno young devilsd I'vo worked on them for over a yeare- and got nowhcres -= ind after ton minutes with you, they!d jump through a heop if you told them tod ROCKY s (shrugging) Maybe it's bocause I woar my collar frontwardse
5) 46) dialog: Maybooes (he moves toward Rocky) Youtve mot beurie?
5) 48) dialog: She's had a hard strugcle, Rocky.
5) 51) dialog: eufve beon sponscring Suppose we so over and
5) 54) dialog: Itd like to show you what I'm trying to do, Rockye
5) 57) text: As Rocky and Jerry walk along the dirty, crowded street, linod with wretchod tonencnts. 4s they proceed, although it may not be in@icnted in the dai alogue, several pas- sorsby, women, mon, old and young, bow or tip their hats to tho priest and wish him good afternoons To them he replies in kinds During the following scence Sore y is trying desperately to find words to toll Rocky the meny mony “things ho has to tell him, yet ho is awaro thet my "preaching" on his part will oniy alionat: Roclry nnd mike their friend- ship inpossible. he chooses his words with care and attempts, as much as possible, to throw off his robes of pricsthoode
5) 61) text: For es momont thoy walk silontly, thon Jerry motions to the littored, filthy strcet, tho squalid housese
5) 64) dialog: It's beautiful, isn't it, Rocky? & groat place te lived
5) 68) dialog: I did fer awhile at school, But I cculdn't forset ite -« Sometincs when Twas alone in my ecoll it soemed as 1f I'd bron; Sht it sll in there with mc -- all the dirt end filth and misery of these tencmontse
5) 72) dialog: Sures Why not? whet else did they tench us? -. And then people blame the criminals that come cut pt places like thiseers
5) 74) text: He glanecs quickly at Jerry, having, caught the slight tingle of “"refern" pro idoe Sut Jerry appears not to have noticed the g
5) 80) dialog: He wags a grand mane
5) 82) dialog: Yeah -- they lieked hime (sadl;) Just like they Licked my mother.--They didn't have a chance, Recky, either of Tem, to teach us to work for what we wanted -= instead of fighting for ite “ROCKY: (segoly) Somebedy taught yous
5) 83) dialog: (shrugzing) - That was just an accident. That happens, somtimos, toce as Jerry atops before one particularly wretched building that is literally fallin: down. He points to ite JERRY s There's cne of the protticst of the bunche A fine housc for two hundred people -- with ferty rucms -- and one washrooms RGOKYs (ernically) What a bonfire 1&6 would mnakoees 123. 1256 60.
5) 85) dialog: I'm going to buy that, Kecky -- I'm gcing to buy it and tonr it down and in its place build e recreation center for these kids, with a gym and a library and some workers who understand kids and kid psychologye-- And if it's the last thing I do, I'm going te teach them that & clean life is more fun than a crooked oncGeece
5) 86) text: Somehow proud of Jerry's ambition, but cynical and unbelievings
5) 88) text: Jerry's voice becomes more normal as his emotion fadese
5) 94) text: The eyes of the two mon mest in understanding. Rocky Knows that Jerry hag becn try to ask him to open ups to come over to hig side and lead a "cloan life." Jerry knows that Hocky has asked him to "lay off."
5) 98) text: Jerry smiles and with o gesture of fricneship, half puts his erm around Rocky's shoulders as hoa leads him of
5) 122) dialog: {announcing} . That was a foul ... I won't count that goal «se.
5) 125) text: SRRY's Now look here, Soapy, you've got to play the rulese.. A chorus of protests and shouts from Soapy, Bim and Swing -- with razzing end Gronx cheers from the . opposing tean and sidelines. Jerry looks helplessly at kocky.
5) 129) text: grins, and starts to Jerry.
5) 132) dialog: (announces) All pint, Line uo ... ir. Sullivan will referve this rames
5) 159) text: as Rocky and Jerry come into scene.
5) 164) dialog: fll right -- meet me here tomorrow ees I’21 arranse cnother meme.
5) 175) text: He valks with Jerry anc sense vorn of y followed.
7) 147) text: Lourats cr ik, Jerry is worki As voice in the hell,
7) 152) dialog: Hello, Laura, Come in ~- come in, pleases se enters, Sre is carrying ea copy of the afternoon paper, She is worried.
7) 154) dialog: (glancing at her quickly; noting her worry) Here » here ~ what's the matter?
7) 175) dialog: Lowant the Tyso.. street police station. (there is a Pa usc is Father Donnelly of che rc about - Rocky
7) 182) dialog: Rocky! Can I come in?
7) 187) text: Laura and Jerry resard him intently, relief in the girl's face, concern in the pricstls
7) 191) dialog: (quietly) Se called the policc station, 2676
7) 197) dialog: Wry shouldn't we be intcrested in you? ‘ie're vour frimds.
7) 209) text: Lilo, CLOSE SHOP oERRY nN os a . Standing by the head of the bed looking down at the floor. 270, CLOSE SHoL FLOOR from Jerry's angle. ifear the foot of the bedpost is a money wrapper which Rocky, in his hurry, has dropped. RociY'S VCICH: eee30 he phones in a tip that, Frazier is snatened, and that 2 sotta hundred hose half-wits fall for you could wink, those reporters splasied it over the front pages. WUney'rs alvays hungry for a Storyecee
7) 224) dialog: alens -- I've work
9) 9) text: as Jerry enterse Ho looks around boys are just Geshing out. The pass him, mumble,
9) 16) dialog: Mickey, what's up? Wherots every= body?
9) 18) dialog: (anxiously) What? Whatts over there today?
9) 20) dialog: (not comprehonding ) Treating everybody?
9) 34) text: Maybe deytre toin Sunday school eas ais into a pe nm They both laugh. Jerry ignores thom; continues forward.
9) 47) text: There is an omburrasscd silonec as Jerry facos the boys, Seapy, Bin ond Swing regerd hum with hostile oyese Sone of the other bows show their annoyance at the intorvup= tions some shov cmbarrassnont. The older kengers-on regard him with frank resentment. Jorry smiles and assumes a cAasu manner, but it is a straine
9) 52) dialog: ving a party, Soapy 2
9) 54) dialog: invited? (thore is no enswer) ¥hy contt you hive it over at the store? .
9) 57) dialog: How nbout the eanc today? (Soapy doesn't answor =. Jerry addivoesses a fow of the younger boys) jrentt you fellows going ever to got it started?
9) 63) text: Somes encourarted, Jerry turns to other boyse
9) 81) text: They look up et Jerry in surprise, tle the cve down on
9) 110) dialog: ne) 3 to other at the 1a cll onte
9) 122) text: It's the lest strrw to Jerry. He turns to te £0 8 vopercut, knocking to the floor. strides oute
9) 152) dialog: 
9) 153) text: Cone ings fn elderly women - Jerry's housekeeper = enters,
9) 159) text: Seo CLOSE SiO? JERRY
9) 180) text: Jerry's hend CO! so tist he cen
9) 204) dialog: Tart'ts splendid, iad you get it?
9) 207) text: Qa Lrure is confused, as she tries to evoid Jerry's search- ing, enxious look, L’ Un : you see =- Rocig got i aes {then she stons suddenly - pwk- rdly)
9) 224) text: CLOSE ShoT BLACKIE . is to leeve and shows verction to Jerry's ine
9) 229) text: c : presence in thi. ploeds PISS vo decor with hh o2 he leaves 5 Ck to Jerry, feeling rether uncomfortable Gliese surroundings, but never~ i E88 Cuprlouse
9) 269) dialog: 
9) 270) dialog: I want to build it very padly, Rocky, but I don't want it built on rotten foundations eos (then seriously - determinedly) Now listen, carefully, Rocky - I want you to understand me. I know you think I'm just a stubborn jack- ass - a sort of a holier-than-thou- reformer - a sentimental idealist. You're right. I have been ... all of that. But no more, Rocky see
9) 279) text: He stiffens at this, but Jerry continues relentlessly.
9) 282) dialog: (continuing) eee Yourself included] Criminals on all sides for my boys to leok up to and worship, admire and imitate. What earthly good is there for me to teach that honesty is the best policy ».«. when they sce all around that dishonesty is the better policy w= that the racketeer and gangster are resrected and treated just like successful business men - like a popular hero? You and the Fraziers and Keefers and all those corrupt officials you've got in the palm of your hands... You've cot my boys, too, an atever I teach them - you sho upl You show them the easiest way - the quickest way to succeed is to do it witha fun or a racket]
9) 289) dialog: h profound feeling) Yes soe 's so, God help us oes but Itm not coing to try to cure a cancer ¥ pills and plasters eee I'm 2 to try to tear it up by its onous Poots.
9) 300) dialog: {he holds a slight pause ~ then decisively) Rocky ».. I'm going to use your case as a crowbar to pry open and uncover this mess, I'm going to force the law ~ corrupt or not ~ to indict and prosecute and bring this stink into the clear light of day, ‘here's go- ing to be a lot of people stepped on ee, and if you're in the way, Rocky eo Itll be sorry se. but youtll be stepped on just as harde A long pause -- then again their eyes meet in silence, Jerry expects Rocky to snarl some cynical retort, but instead he slowly smiles - rather boyishly,
9) 304) dialog: I will, Rocky see (then suddenly he extends his hand) ese for being nonest ... and for old time's sake, They shake quietly. Jerry turns to leave - then stops and, in a softer tone, (CONTINUED)
9) 306) dialog: (continuing) There's only one favor I want to ask, Rocky «+. and I can't pro- mise to return it in any way «ee
9) 308) dialog: It's Soapy and those other kids, Give them a treak -~ don't give tem any more money, and den't cncourage them to see admire you see
9) 317) text: Jerry is seated across the desk from the munaging editor. Ee is speaking earnestly, with great sin- cerity; but the editor is obviously ill at ease,
9) 318) dialog: eo» these men -- these grafting officials these gangsters who are becom popular heroes «- these thieves, murderers and kid- nappers who walk the streets in freedom -~ all of them must be . Cleaned out if we are to save the youth of our cities from being taught that the quickest way to succeed is to go outside of the law by the pun and the racket sea Because that's what they are be- ing teught!
9) 320) text: He pauses, the managing editor rerards him unmoved. Jerry throws down on tre desk the cartoon and editor- ial we saw before, JERRY s Force the prosecution of Rocky Sullivan for the kidnapping of Frezier -- and exnese the whole rotten corruption see He finishes and watches the editor as the latter stud- iously regards lis pencil for a moment; then looks ups
9) 330) text: Jerry facing another managing editor as the latter eontinues through the DISSOLVE as if the conversation were a continuation of the preceeding speech:
9) 337) text: As pefore, Jerry faces the third editor; his conversa- tion comes through the DISSOLVc as if a continuations
9) 357) text: The office is meh larger and furnished in much more’ luxurious style than the others we have seen, White, the publisher, who is facing Jerry across his large, period desk, is also a different type of man than the editors, Ne is gray-haired, dignified; fine type of mane He looks at Jerry for a moment, in deep thought.
9) 359) dialog: (wearily) I know exactly... The other papers have gone to creat lengths to ex- plain the risks to me,
9) 362) dialog: There's nothing else I want to do more, There is a moment's silence as the onsiders the matter. Presently -
9) 365) text: He rises, extends his hand. Jerry srasps it warrly. ws
9) 389) text: Jerry, suvrounded by 2 group of other people who ap- pear to be’ the leaders of civic clubs, is before the microphone, oroadeasting,
9) 390) dialog: ese gangsterdom subsists Loday upon the Sntell judicious use of graft! wipe out the gangsterdoni shod, we taken a long ster forvard in protec- ting the youth of our citics]
9) 449) text: We see she 1s deciding sho must talk to Jerry.
9) 453) text: Jerry stops her with a woary wave of his hand,
9) 461) dialog: (softly) I know eee
9) 465) text: 382 (Cont .) JERRY ¢ Yes, Laura ~- ve love him, I've loved him since we were kids six years old eos (vith emotion) We worked together --+ fought to-+ gether -- and we stole torether$ {a ShGrtd pause) I don't bieme Rocky for what he is today «= {he quotes softly) "But for the Grace of God, there walk I," (more earnestly) I'd do anything in this world to help him -- I'd give my life for him, if that would helpe (as Laura looks up) But it wouldn't, Laura, There'd still be these .«. other boys -- these boys whom I don't want to see grow up like Rocky Gia, I can't sacrifice all of them for Rockye They have lives too, Leure «~ end I can't throw them awayees (with grcat emtion) Zgantt soo $ Laura doesn't answer, There is a silence for & moment, The priest continues the struggle with himself,
9) 469) text: He breaks off, too moved to continue, After a moment, Laure rises, Jerry turns to her, puts his hand on her arm.
9) 470) dialog: (continuing) Laura -- ploase come elong with me tonight. Perhaps it will help you understandere
10) 5) text: The audience on its feet, applauding. CLOSE So? JERRY Unable to speek for the epplause. He bowse
10) 7) text: Radio pancl and loud-speaker scot modernistically into the wall flanking the bar. Jerry's voice cen be recognized coming over the speaker, One can sense that his speech is being brondcast from a large placo, by the reverberations of his voico, and especially latcr, when the applauss of tens of thousands of People is heard.
10) 10) text: seated cn high stools about the small, semi-circular bar, which is highly modern in trcatment (possibly constructed entirely of dark transparent glass). On the bar is a tray conteining a decanter of whiskoy, siphons and ico. They arc drinking highballs as they listen attentively to Jerry's broadcast. Keefer chews viclously at an unlighted cigar while he scowls into his drink, Frazier nervously lights one clgarstte with another. Only Rocky scems to be at ease. In fact, in his expression can be detected a faint gleam of pride at the effectiveness of his palts speech,
10) 21) text: Jerry's voice continues coming over, the following Gielogue is spoken through it, the radio speech serving only as a muted beckground:
10) 27) dialog: Tonight we heve in our power to ask definitely incriminating questions of these offictalsse. and the power to demand satis- factory answers, What really is the truth in the case of the racketeer and gunman -» Rocky Sullivan? Why did the polico release him so suddenly with all the evidence they had piled up against him? Why did the not- orious Mac Keofer pay Sullivan $100,000 in cash as ransom, and what political sword does he hold over the trembling heads: of district sttorneys, judges, end police officials? Why does the prosecutor's office refuse to investigate ws. ? But to- morrow the new Grand Jury will meet, and these questions must be answered, Therefore, Task the public. to pass the follow- ing resolution addressed to the Grend Jury: "That we demand an immediate indictment of Rocky Sullivan, together with a com- plete investigation of everyone connected with this travesty on justice, and a probing into the nefarious activitics of all the ec Kecfers and James Fraziers in this crime ridden communityl" (tremendous applause, whistling, cheering = an ovation) Keefor angrily reaches over and clicks off the radio.
11) 41) text: As Laura and Jerry make their way through the crowd to a police sergeant,
11) 42) dialog: Where is he -- where is Rocky Sullivan? SLKGLANT ¢ (pointing) In there, But he don't necd you, Father -- not yet! Jerzy oushos past the officer, hurries to the building. Laura attcmpts to follow but the of ficur resvrains here
11) 57) text: Jerry stens up to the sdre of the door, The captain motions to the officers to cease activity..
11) 60) text: His face contorted with his fury, TLOCKY s You stay outa this, Jerry!
11) 69) dialog: All right thon -- I'm coming ines.
11) 74) dialog: You can't stop moee. He turns end walks in the door,
11) 76) text: Poised, his gm eimed, For a moment it appears tht he's foine to shoot, Hut as Jerry steadily approachus, he finas that he eennot fire, Slowly he drons his hand,
11) 83) dialog: (quiotly) I do. He hols out his hand for Rocky's sun, For a moment their cyes moot and hold stcadcily, Then slowly ioeky gives him the gun, As they start to walk out, side by side.
11) 168) text: Jerry's haggard face, as he slowly walks down the row of celis, glancing around pityingly at the doomed men,
11) 169) dialog: (quietly - to guard) How much time before «ae ?
11) 175) dialog: (awkwardly) Eow do you feel? (COUTINUED)
11) 184) dialog: (ncds slowly) Naturally .-. she loves you, Rocky.
11) 189) dialog: You don't want me to administer extreme unction, Rocky eas ?
11) 191) text: JERRY s They were pulli for you, Nocky, as long as there was the slightest hope from the Governors
11) 207) dialog: I lmow that, Rocly ese
11) 210) text: new spe electy sages, Jerrye tthe State gives tom free of charge to the best
11) 212) dialog: But youlroe not arra
11) 220) dialog: (slowly) But, Rocky «+. suppose I asked you to have the heart ee. to be scared?
11) 223) dialog: (tense) Suppese at the last minute = these guards had to drag you to the chair ee. Soreaming and begging for merey? Surpose you turned yellow o.. ?
11) 248) dialog: (breathlessly)
11) 270) dialog: But, Rocky es you'll know, I'11 know that you're not eee
11) 273) dialog: But I cantt reach ell the kids, Rocky. Thousands of herosworshipping kids in a hundred slums in a hundred citlesees
11) 278) dialog: God knows I haven't tne right to eask anything, more for myself, but for eve
11) 286) dialog: If you want me to, Rocky.
11) 290) dialog: (qictly) I promise, Rocky eee I won't praye
11) 303) text: LOCKYs (eontinuing) Take care of Laury «ee Jerrys 5096 510. Slle 5126 515. 514.
11) 306) text: as he looks back at Jerry, understanding his pal'ts silent thought.
11) 308) text: serious; then saying slowly, in response to Jerry's un- spoken thought.
11) 315) text: guards and Jerry, stand- on = pale, haggard and
11) 393) text: (SHOOPING TO THT BOYS PAST JERRY)