6) 348) text: as the two plain-clothesmon lead Rocky in. He is’ entirely calm, almost nonchalant. The lieutenant, Buckley, comes from his office. Several reporters, lounging around, look up, and recognizing Rocky, be~ come interested.
6) 351) text: The reporters and Buckley come toward Rocky. (CONTINUED )
6) 353) dialog: Hello, Rocky! When d!you blow into into toyn?
6) 355) dialog: Hiyah, Rockye What'sa matter -- pass a red light? DUCITLEY s (pushing through them) All in good time, boys == all in good time. (to the plain-clothesnen) Take him in back, Burt. The men lead Rocky aways
6) 356) text: As the reporters crowd around Buckley. REPORTERS ¢ (together) What's up, Buck? Vhnattve you got on him? Cimon, Buek == let's have it? Give us the lowdowm, Buck,
6) 358) dialog: Skip that, an' lot's have the dopce
6) 360) text: 235 (Conte) 256. REPORTERS $ (Conte) Frazier] & snatch rap on Rocky} Holy Codfishl BUCKLEY s At ten ofclock, Mac Keefer paid Sullivan a hundred thousand dollars ransom]
6) 363) text: At -- (he looks nompously at his watch) - twelve thirty, Sullivan was ape prehended by Detectives O'Rourke and Glenister acting under thé orders of Lioutenant Edward C. Buckleysee Spelled, B-U-C-K--- The reporters hurry to'phonese Buckley looks after them for a moment, grinning, then he turns and walks to the back and through the coor through which the men escorted Rocky. ‘fe can hear the reperters callings their papers and excitedly giving the story.
7) 33) text: The station is now crowded with reporters. As the chief of detectives enters they groot hin casually.
7) 35) dialog: (laughing) What I like is Keefer nayin't out that hundred grand, Soy, can you tie that) (CONTINUED )
7) 37) dialog: It's lucky for Sullivan he got nabbed, Held be worse off outsidesses
7) 39) text: ag the reporters turn to then, The Chief leaves as quickly os he entered, pushing his way through the reportei'ss Buckley cresses quickly to the door to the rear room, The reporters sensing something has happened, crowd around hime
7) 209) text: Lilo, CLOSE SHOP oERRY nN os a . Standing by the head of the bed looking down at the floor. 270, CLOSE SHoL FLOOR from Jerry's angle. ifear the foot of the bedpost is a money wrapper which Rocky, in his hurry, has dropped. RociY'S VCICH: eee30 he phones in a tip that, Frazier is snatened, and that 2 sotta hundred hose half-wits fall for you could wink, those reporters splasied it over the front pages. WUney'rs alvays hungry for a Storyecee
11) 338) text: and OVER it all, Rocky's screams continue pitcouslye REPORTER: . They got him looss nove.e.e. Say, this io 8 tarnabout , if I cover saw one}