3) 504) text: of the neighborhood as they idle about. Bim and Swing admiring and conmentins ad libs at Soapy's (Bobby Jordan) dexterous performance, Standing to one side, respect= fully admiring the act, is the small Italian son of the landlady, Mrs. Magsione, Johnny. Soapy, looking up, giances down the strect and sces Rocky approachinge
3) 512) text: as he innocently continucs toward the entrance, still abe sorbed in th. newspe 48 Rocky coues up to the en- st which Swing is bouncing the ball,
3) 518) dialog: Say ..» whyn't ya look wheres ya goint, fer cryin!t out loud! At the game time the papers under Rocky's arm have slipe ped to the ground, and as he bends to pick them up, Soapy suddenly jostles against him, yelling to Swing.
3) 520) dialog: Try an! get it. (runs off)
3) 528) dialog: What o haul ee. t Suddenly a quiet, smooth voice, offscene, startles them,
4) 0) text: as Rocky and the threo boys sit around the table and dig into the assortment of dulicacics., Swing is at the gas ranges
4) 2) text: Sl. 109 (Conte) WING ¢ Comin! ... comin! right down ... He brings the pot to the table, and Soapy fishes out the can with two forks, Then, as Soapy plunges the can open= er into it, Swing suddenly reminds himself.
4) 3) dialog: Gee, I almost forgot ... (digs into his pocket and brings forth a jar) BIit: grabbing} Pickles oe. wows Soapy makes a stab at his hand with the can opener. In the meantime Swing is still emptying his pockets. A great mass and variety of cans, and jars, emerge from his pockets.
4) 5) dialog: Souvenirs -- frec. ROCKY; Frec? “OAPY: Sure ... here's your change. Four bucks and four bits == evcne
5) 31) dialog: Gowoneee woftd run 'cm into the grounds Bil: Wotd moldor teme
5) 105) text: as they walk down the length ef the "stores" One team is practicing near one goal, dribbing, passing and shooting for the basket, while at the farther ond, Soopy, Bim and Swing, with two boys whom we recognize from the choir scone, form the other team. Once of the latter, 2 tall, lanky kid, called Tiny, attempts to give instructions to Sog; and his pals, but they refuse to take it -= doing things their own waye
5) 125) text: SRRY's Now look here, Soapy, you've got to play the rulese.. A chorus of protests and shouts from Soapy, Bim and Swing -- with razzing end Gronx cheers from the . opposing tean and sidelines. Jerry looks helplessly at kocky.
5) 145) text: L play, stocky sucdenly notices ay 290 of the other hoys. Ee waits till runs pest him end extends his foot to trip un Svius rises yelling »sugnaciously (very much like SWING s (tough) What's the din idea, uoctky? uiOCKYs
6) 78) text: Soapy, Bim, Swing and some half dozen other kids are in baci of the adult curiosity seekers, peering through whatever spaces between the adults they can find, look~ ing with large, excited eyes at the corpse on the floor, Seapy turns to Swing who hasn't as good ’a view:
6) 82) dialog: (pantoniming with an i 4 chine-gun, and °$ sound) Benep-Ye Pe T-P-P-YaPeP-PH
6) 119) text: Bim, Soapy and Swing cre seated around a box, playing with a pack of dirty cards, The three mente
6) 125) dialog: Sure «+ They couldn't get Rocky, He's too smart for tem.
6) 342) text: Soapy, Bim, and Swing are grouped together, the envelope in Scapy's hands, ‘heir faces are all exciteds BTiss Whadda the cops pinch tim for?
7) 80) dialog: (awe-stricken, gaping at Rocky) Foist youtre in =- den you're outl (boys Laugh) Boy’ =- they coitainly can't hold ° youy Rockye
8) 53) text: A large group of n hborhced boys are gathered around the almost unrecos able tric - Soapy, Bim and Swings They are now all attircd in brand-nev, flashy clothes: exaggerated, pacided shoulders tight waist Lines, bell- bottom nants, patent~1e r Shoes, tight lmots on their loudly colored ties sayninst flashy silk shirts, New hats ata vakish angle complete the picture of vest-pocket editions of drug-store cowboyse
8) 68) text: of three or four of the admiring younger boys as they watch Swing remove his coat, carefully fold it, and toss it to a chair,
8) 77) text: Swing picks up the moneye ( CONTINUED )
8) 88) dialog: So let tem waits
8) 94) dialog: Itm wid Soapye HSH s Tone yousall win, kids. (erinning 5 Winnah buys me a sweepstakes, huh, Soapy?
8) 114) dialog: Hold it, Sea Foam -- hold 'at lead, or Itll brain yet
9) 47) text: There is an omburrasscd silonec as Jerry facos the boys, Seapy, Bin ond Swing regerd hum with hostile oyese Sone of the other bows show their annoyance at the intorvup= tions some shov cmbarrassnont. The older kengers-on regard him with frank resentment. Jorry smiles and assumes a cAasu manner, but it is a straine
11) 109) text: The boys grouped arovnd Swing who has the newspaper, As bef we are shooting so thet we can sce the headlines, "HOCKEY GALNS - 3L0nS$ Liv OFF CO:.ukUPTION --
11) 114) dialog: Boy, oh boy! Rocky's sure showin! up those ticlchers! nN Gy po
11) 129) text: 175.6 EG, ‘oToru" MED, SHOT GROUP OF THIRTY BOYS avound Soapy, Bim and Swing. In the beg, just coming sorward, is Jorry.
11) 370) text: "NoCwanD'!S DEA Diiaw Bach TO: BIN anbD SWING