3) 0) text: JOHNNY and the Cobras pull u the beach. JOHNNY has a 2: o which fills the air with music. Ke and BOBBY harmonize to the Sony. TOMMY pulls apart a six pack. He proffers a can to JOHHNY, who refuses.
3) 4) dialog: I pass. TOMMY is taken a back.
3) 6) dialog: You cot it.
3) 8) dialog: Ex-degenerate. QAM tomarrow I'ma senior. I have one year to make it all work and that's what I'm going to do, Make it work. All of it. Right? JOHNNY and BOBBY slap a supportive five as TOMMY looks towards the beach, mischief in his eves.
3) 26) dialog: don's touch it.
3) 38) dialog: . . No mercy. ALL tri restrai 2s to restrain him. But TOMMY and DUTCH physically . her.
3) 50) text: JOHNNY beats DANIEL into the sand before BCEB3Y restrains At that moment Ali breaxs through DUTCH and TOMMY. She pu JOHNNY,her anger exploding.
3) 52) dialog: It's your fault. JOHNNY and others mount their motorcycles as group disper
4) 1) text: The first day of lel pec b 13 through the so rkis eyes r L cars and metorcy nm scorts curs, cnr bikes, chopped a not reds. Zvoeryone to know everyone i. As Daniel chains his bike to the bike rack he sees Johnny showing off his new Honda 750cc at e 5 * Anxious to avcid being neticed, Daniel hucrie the school's entrance, when Freddy's voice ca his attention and Johnny's. *
9) 23) text: worm. Johnny's eves look up in disbelief just as Daniel cainly plancs the goo on his chest and smears it Gown to his belt. Johnny stares at the mess for then goes ff i boys jump
11) 8) text: N¥'S POV: Daniel is gone. The slightest trace smile creeps across Johnny's mouth.
15) 2) dialog: In a minute.
15) 8) dialog: Fuck! ! Daniel dcesn't waste a second. He breaks loose and heads for the gym. A moment later Johnny exits furi- ous, Soaking wet. The Cobras take off in pursuit.
16) 0) text: Daniel cuns through the crowd, past Ali. de is about to explain when he sees the Cobras see him. He splits. AS the Cobras pass Ali all becomes clear to her. She Sticks cut her foot, tripping Johnny. fhe others topple over him.
18) 0) text: Winded, tiring, DANIEL takes off across a weed choked lot end of the lot is a chain link fence, beyond the fence is and safety. DANIEL reaches the fence and leers. His hands the top as he struggles to pull himseli over, he is dragg from behind by JOHNNY. The others catch up, breathing har theiz faces obscured in shadow. The surround DANIEL and w one last desparate attempt he tries to break cway, punchi kaiing loudly but JOHNNY's knee to his chest ends all tha
18) 1) dialog: 
18) 3) text: JOENNY, soaking wet and furious, lifts DANIEL by his coll pushes him to one of his compatriots. . The. Cobras push around setilug him up for JCENNY's vicious kicking techni He is pushedaround three times. JOHNNY hitting him each t until at last he is prostrate onthe ground. ee
18) 9) dialog: (robot like) Aman faces you, he is your enemy. An enemy deserves no mercy. Get him up.
18) 11) dialog: - (robot-Like)- “A man faces you, he is your enemy. An enemy deserves no mercy. Get him up. Two of the other Cobras cbey, propping the almost un- ™ conscicus figure against the fence. Johnny backs up, takes a running start, and leaps into the air. DANIEL'S POV: through blurred visicn, he watches Johnny's lethal side kick unfolding in SLOW MOTION, aimed for his head. > Too weak to moye, he waits for the inevitable impact, when out of nowhere a figure leaps the fence, pushing Daniel to the ground.. Johnny's foot hits the fence a second later with such force a slat cracks where Daniel's head was. DANIEL'S POV FRCM THE GROUND: A small, lithe figure, obscured by shadows, poised opposite the Cobras ina low cat stance. The first three Cobras attack. Ina 4 moment, they are on the floor, writhing in pain, as the anonymous defender lashes out with punches and kicks. Johnny, the last one left standing, charges madly. The mystery figure somersaults towards him, shooting his leg up into Johnny's exposed groin. Johnny stops dead, choking, and crumbles. Daniel's vision fades to black.
23) 53) dialog: Anytime, sensei. Kreese looks at Daniel and speaks to another student.
23) 64) dialog: Yes, sensei.
36) 63) dialog: Your friend can come, too. If his ' mom'il let him. 1 Ali glares at him.
45) 0) text: Ali and her parents enter the room, greeting people left and right as they make their way to the table. A band plays, people dance. As Ali passes her friend Susan, sitting with her parents, Susan points towards a far table trying to warn Ali about something. Ali does not catch it until she reaches the table. Her mouth tightens when she sees who the dinner company is: Johnny and his PARENTS. Everyone greets everyone.
45) 4) dialog: (smiles, pleased with the setup) Ali always looks lovely, Mother. Wanna dance? Ali's response is to sit down and snap open her menu, effectively covering her face. The snub is apparent to everyone.
47) 0) text: Ali is dancing with her father. Johnny catches her eyes from the table. He smiles widely. She purses her lips, ignoring him. .
47) 11) dialog: May I cut in? (CONTINUED)
47) 14) dialog: Hi. Ali is cool, tensed. She does not respond.
47) 15) dialog: Listen. I've been thinking. Maybe we can call a truce.
47) 17) dialog: Can we finish the dance? Reluctantly, Ali agrees.
50) 0) text: Daniel walks through the kitchen and peeks out of the swinging doors which lead to the dining room. DANIEL'S POV: Johnny dancing with Ali. Ali's back is to him, but Johnny is not. Johnny sees Daniel. He brings his lips onto Ali's quickly, before she can respond. ANGLE ON Daniel, hurt, betrayed, disappear- ing. Ali pulls away from Johnny. As she does, a loud CRASH comes from the kitchen. Ail eyes, including hers, look. POV ALL: through the now open kitchen door. Daniel and a waiter sprawled amidst broken dishes and splattered food. Ali and Daniel lock eyes. He scrambles up and runs out. Ali turns to Johnny smiling, triumphant. Her anger erupts. She clips him with a right hand punch and runs after Daniel, despite ho parents' protests. 97 98 99 100
58) 23) dialog: (aggressive) Maybe ‘cause I like to. His words sound tinny, lacking conviction. Annoyed, he turns to go. And again Daniel's voice stops him. sad
58) 25) dialog: Who?
58) 27) dialog: Watch your mouth, asshole. Daniel backs off slowly down the hall. il? OMITTED 117
60) 3) dialog: What do we study?
67) 40) dialog: (sincere) Good match. For the first time Ali and Johnny can look at each other without tension.
69) 0) text: The Cobra Kai students load into Kreese's black van with a Cobra Kai emblem painted boldly on its side. Johnny is the last one in line to enter the van. Kreese bars the door.
69) 2) dialog: I tried, sensei.
69) 4) dialog: It wasn't my fault. Kreese, angered by the statement, grabs Johnny by the shirt front and pulls him to within inches of his face. Just as Daniel, Ali, and Miyagi turn the corner.