10) 0) text: Daniel looks into a trophy laden window, In the midst of the glittering hardware are two photographs. One of JOHN KREESE, granite jawed, hard eyed in Green Beret fatigues wich the caption CAPT. JOEN KFESSE. OD.I. PARRIS ISLAND, U.S.M.C. and the other also of Kreese in a black gi and black belt holding the biggest trophy imaginable and captioned 3LL AMERICAN OPEN &ZARATS CEAM= PION 1979-73.
22) 0) text: CLOSEUP: On the wall a poster: ALL VALLEY UNDER 18 OPEN KARATE CHAMPIONSHIP. Twenty STUDENTS stand in four lines doing punches from a difficult horse-stance position. Kreese prowls the ranks, barking the cadence. As Miyagi and Daniel take seats in the first row of the visitors’ section, one of the students shifts his eyes a fraction in their direction. Ina flash, Kreese sweeps his legs out. The student's head hits the wooden floor hard, opening a gash above his eye. Kreese fires a fist towards the stunned boy's face, kiaiing ferociously. The fist stops a hair's breadth from the boy's nose. The whole class stops in mid-punch. ‘No one bats an eye,
22) 1) dialog: Lose concentration in a fight, and you're dead meat. The student does not move. Blood trickles from wound.
22) 2) dialog: Excuse yourself. The student jumps up, bows to Kreese, and runs into the locker room, shamed.
22) 3) dialog: Combat. The class rushes to don hand and foot protectors. Bobby's eye, which is suitably blackened, catches Daniel and Miyagi. He nudges Johnny, whose glare makes Daniel squirm. (CONTINUED)
23) 20) dialog: Brown, Robertson. Bobby jumps up, along with another student, JERRY, and runs to face Kreese. Both boys bow to Kreese and turn to face each other.
23) 22) dialog: (stern) What're you looking at? Finish him. Bobby jumps on the prostrate student, delivering a chop to the back of his exposed neck. He Snaps to attention before Kreese. Kreese nods. Bobby bows to him. Kreese stands over Bobby's hapless opponent, who is still on his knees trying to catch his breath.
23) 23) dialog: (addressing the class) We do not train to be merciful. Mercy is for the weak. Here, on the street, in competition, a man confronts you, he is the enemy. An enemy deserves no mercy. ANGLE ON DANIEL: He has heard these words before.
23) 25) dialog: Pain purifies. The mind is master. The boy gasps for breath.
23) 26) dialog: Say it.
23) 32) dialog: 
23) 37) dialog: Give me a hundred on the board. The boy drags himself to a sit-up board at the far end of the dojo, assumes a position and begins to doa series of painful sit-ups.
23) 39) dialog: What's the problem, Mr. Lawrence? Johnny leans forward and whispers in Kreese's ear. Kreese's hard eyes train on Daniel and Miyagi. ANGLE ON Daniel, fidgeting uncomfortably.
23) 41) dialog: I understand you jumped on my student last night.
23) 43) dialog: You calling my boy a liar? (CONTINUED)
23) 48) dialog: What are you here for, old man?
23) 50) dialog: What's the matter? He can't take care of his own problems?
23) 52) dialog: (smug) That's what's bothering you? The odds? We can fix that. Feel like matching, Mr. Lawrence?
23) 56) dialog: (sarcastic) Well, what more can we do to accommodate you?
23) 58) dialog: This is a Karate dojo. Not a knitting class. He thrusts a gi into Daniel's chest.
23) 59) dialog: Now let's get on with it. (CONTINUED)
23) 61) dialog: You don't come into my dojo, drop a challenge and leave, old man. Now get the kid on the floor, or, antique or not, you and I have a | serious problem. i MIYAGI Too much advantage, your dojo,
23) 62) dialog: (hard) Name a place. Miyagi points to the tournament poster on the wall. ANGLE ON DANIEL: His knees all but buckle. His face goes white. Kreese's anger evaporates. A smile breaks ) across his face. He begins to laugh. All his students laugh with him.
23) 63) dialog: ry You got real balls, old man. Real balis. (beat) Okay, we'll go for that. Won't | , we, Mr. Lawrence.
23) 67) dialog: (humorous) Pushy little bastard, ain't ya? (beat) What the hell? No one from here lays a hand on the prima donna until the tournament. (CONTINUED)
39) 4) dialog: Rei! As one, the class bows, touching foreheads to floor, and rises. No one moves. The air is solemn with si- lence.
39) 5) dialog: What do we study? ~ The response is sharp, booming.
39) 7) dialog: And what is that way?
39) 9) dialog: Mr. Lawrence? A black belt springs from his knees. His feet hit the floor with a solid thump. His clenched fists are riveted in front of him.
64) 2) dialog: I want him out of commission. Kreese touches Bobby's knee joint.
64) 4) dialog: I don't want him beaten.
66) 2) dialog: Get warmed up. Johnny hesitates. Then obeys.
67) 19) dialog: Time. He waves Johnny over, makes believe he is examining the wound.
67) 20) dialog: (low) Sweep the leg. Johnny hesitates.
67) 21) dialog: You have a problem.
67) 23) dialog: Then take him. Johnny returns to center ring. (CONTINUED)
67) 38) dialog: Finish him. Johnny takes a deep breath and lunges. IN SLOW MOTION, Daniel leaps straight up with all his strength, his leg tucked in. His kick catches Johnny in the jaw. Johnny goes down. Daniel lands on his bad leg and collapses as well. The crowd erupts, having never seen such technique. Kreese glares at Johnny, still on the can- vas, and leaves the corner, stalking out of the arena. The Referee calls the fighters to center.
69) 0) text: The Cobra Kai students load into Kreese's black van with a Cobra Kai emblem painted boldly on its side. Johnny is the last one in line to enter the van. Kreese bars the door.
69) 1) dialog: Beat it.
69) 5) dialog: You inferring it was mine? A voice from the side turns Kreese: (CONTINUED)
69) 9) dialog: Mind your own business, old man.
69) 18) text: CONTINUED: if. 143 CLOSEUP: face. His eyes shut tightly expect- ing the d « When it does not come, he opens his eyes Miyagi's chop is less than an inch from his nose, finger flicks the lowest Zo winks. Dan ef them embrac exit From the still kneeling alone. zZ0Ch Miyagi, their panied by Al: way through * embling with power. Miyagi's fore- , Nubbing the end of Kreese's nose in f insult. Miyagi turns to Daniel and shes inta his teacher's arms. The two One by one, the Cobra Kai students , dropping their belts in front of the eese, and walking off, leaving him en the parking lot and Daniel and £ over each other's shoulders, accom- ing Daniel's trophy, wending their neze of cars.