2) 8) dialog: Hai.
2) 12) dialog: Rai. His eyes follow the fly. Daniel watches vcerplexed. Suddenly, Miyagi stabs at the SUZZING with his choo- sticks. Undaunted, he continues following the NOISE.
2) 25) dialog: - When what?
2) 27) dialog: After.
2) 29) dialog: -After. Daniel watches him follow the fly's movement for a moment, and the exits, shaking his head. EXT. BEACH - DAY ‘ 7 Secluded strip cf sand at the bottom of steep brush covered hill. Twenty kids cavort on the sand and in the water. DANIEL plays soccer with FREDDY, ALAN, CHUCKIE and BILLY. He is clearly the best of the bunch. The ball is kicked high out of bounds onto a blanket where a group of girls sit around a radio giggling and chatting. As DANIEL jogs over to retrieve the ball, ALI, cute as a button, picks it up ready to toss it to him. Their eyes meet, ALI smiles. ALI tosses him the ball. DANIEL catches it on his knee, bounces it to his other knee, then to his head, then to his instep, then up to his hand. ALI's eye twinkle. She is duly impressed. Her friends rise and they all run to the water. ALI looks over her shoulder once more before hitting the surf DANIEL'S friends jog up.
7) 7) dialog: Fix faucet. Daniel allows him to enter.
7) 8) dialog: (continuing) Karate! You?
7) 10) dialog: Oh, very good. Learn from book?
7) 12) dialog: What happen eye?
7) 14) dialog: And not hurt hands? Daniel looxs at his hands, then at the cold man. He returns to the living room and resumes nis kicking. Miyagi starts to fix the faucet. POV MIYAGI: Daniel trying a lethal-looking technique which locks anything but.
12) 132) dialog: Hai!
12) 134) dialog: I train, clip here, tie there.
12) 136) dialog: Okinawa,
12) 138) dialog: My country. Small island. Japan here. China here. Okinawa -- here. He shows the distance to Daniel with his hands. Daniel fingers a tree.
12) 140) dialog: No. Father teach.
12) 142) dialog: Fisherman.
12) 144) dialog: You like try?
12) 146) dialog: Close eyes. Daniel hesitates for a moment, but something in the old man’s face is reassuring. (CONTINUED)
12) 149) dialog: Concentrate. Think only tree. Make perfect picture down to last leaf. Wipe mind clean, everything but tree. Nothing exists in the whole world. Just tree. Concentration etches on Daniel's face as the old man speaks.
12) 150) dialog: You got? Daniel nods.
12) 151) dialog: Open eyes. Remember picture?
12) 153) dialog: Make like picture. Miyagi goes back to his own tree. Daniel is over- whelmed by the task. Miyagi looks up for a moment, smiling.
12) 154) dialog: Trust picture.
12) 156) dialog: If comes from inside you, always right one. Tentatively, Daniel makes the first cut. He looks at Miyagi for approval. Miyagi nods. Daniel clips again and again. Miyagi smiles. Daniel's concentration zeros in on the tree.
13) 0) text: Lucille exits from the car. She sees Daniel's bicycle, repaired, outside Miyagi's shed. Curious, she ap- proaches, POV LUCILLE through the window: Daniel working on his tree, while Miyagi instructs him. The sight gladdens her heart.
13) 12) text: DANIEL and MIYAGI are clipping trees. LUCILLE appears at entrance.
13) 19) dialog: My pleasure.
13) 21) dialog: Welcome. MIYAGI bows. LUCILLE not knowing how to respond dips awkwardly from th
13) 24) dialog: wensal tree.
13) 26) dialog: No forget tree, Practice, MIYAGI puts the clippers in DANIEL's pocket,
13) 30) dialog: Danielsan, long time no see,
13) 32) dialog: + Happy Halloween (beat) How bonsai coming?
13) 38) dialog: 
13) 40) dialog: Hai. hands DANIEL a carving knife.
13) 41) dialog: Like try? takes the carving knife and begins to carve the smaller pumpkin.
13) 42) dialog: Pass school. Big doings. Not going?
13) 44) dialog: How come?
13) 46) dialog: Too much by self, Danielsan, no good.
13) 48) dialog: To make honey, young bee need young flower. Not old prune.
13) 50) dialog: If had costume, would go?
13) 52) dialog: Hai.
19) 0) text: Daniel revives, his vision clears. He looks around at a familiar setting. A repugnant smell catches his . nose. He removes an offensive compress from his head - when Miyagi appears.
19) 1) dialog: Leave on. (CONTINUED)
19) 5) dialog: Smell bad. Heal good. As Miyagi dabs at Daniel's cuts and bruises, Daniel looks around. .
19) 9) dialog: Why no?
19) 11) dialog: Because old man? A KETTLE WHISTLES. Miyagi rises. He goes over to the hot plate and pours two cups of tea. Daniel sits up slowly.
19) 13) dialog: What?
19) 15) dialog: Never ask.
19) 20) dialog: From father.
19) 22) dialog: All Miyagi know two things. Fish and karate. Karate come from Okinawa. Matter of fact, Miyagi ancestor bring from China in sixteenth century, call "Te." Hand. Later, fancy pants uncle eall Karate, empty hand.
19) 24) dialog: Watch too much TV. Miyagi removes Daniel's head cloth, rinses it out, and reapplies it.
19) 26) dialog: No.
19) 28) dialog: Depend.
19) 30) dialog: Reason.
19) 32) dialog: Look revenge that way Danielsan, start by digging two graves.
19) 37) dialog: Fighting always last answer to problem.
19) 39) dialog: Understand perfect. Friends karate students, yes?
19) 41) dialog: Problem attitude.
19) 43) dialog: Yes. Because boys learn wrong attitude. Karate used to defense.
19) 45) dialog: Can see. No such thing bad student, only bad teacher. Teacher say, student do.
19) 47) dialog: Now use head for something besides target.
19) 49) dialog: Why? (CONTINUED)
19) 52) dialog: Get killed anyway. Miyagi has a point. Daniel steps and thinks about it.
19) 54) dialog: No can do.
19) 56) dialog: For you. (beat) For me, rule number one, no like get involved.
19) 58) dialog: So sorry. Daniel gets up and throws the rag off.
20) 1) dialog: Danielsan. Daniel stops and turns, petulantly.
20) 2) dialog: Okay, I go. (CONTINUED)
20) 6) dialog: {tugs at his belt) Canvas. You like?
20) 8) dialog: J.C. Penney, $3.98. Miyagi sees by Daniel's face that his joke is not understood.
20) 9) dialog: In Okinawa, belt mean "don't need rope hold up pants." Karate here. (taps his head) Here. (taps his heart) Not here. (he pulls on his belt) Understand? Daniel nods.
20) 10) dialog: Good night, Danielsan. Miyagi enters the maintenance shed and closes the door.
21) 0) text: Miyagi waits by his dusty old pickup. Daniel arrives, nervous as can be.
21) 1) dialog: Know how drive?
21) 6) dialog: Then must practice. Daniel climbs in behind the wheel and starts the en- gine, GRINDING the ignition.
21) 8) dialog: Me, either. Miyagi looks straight ahead, waiting to be off.
22) 0) text: CLOSEUP: On the wall a poster: ALL VALLEY UNDER 18 OPEN KARATE CHAMPIONSHIP. Twenty STUDENTS stand in four lines doing punches from a difficult horse-stance position. Kreese prowls the ranks, barking the cadence. As Miyagi and Daniel take seats in the first row of the visitors’ section, one of the students shifts his eyes a fraction in their direction. Ina flash, Kreese sweeps his legs out. The student's head hits the wooden floor hard, opening a gash above his eye. Kreese fires a fist towards the stunned boy's face, kiaiing ferociously. The fist stops a hair's breadth from the boy's nose. The whole class stops in mid-punch. ‘No one bats an eye,
22) 6) dialog: No forget tree, practice. MIYAGI puts the clippers in DANIEL's pocket.
22) 8) dialog: Welcome. Sayonara. DANIEL and LUCILLE walk to the Screen door (ad lib).
23) 0) text: Daniel sits on the Stairs, in a blue funk, Below, Preddy and his friends emerge in Halloween costumes joking and laughing. Daniel's giocn deepens, 46 INT. MAINTENANCE SHED - pusK Daniel enters. Miyagi is not Present, but several miniature Jack O'Lanterns, carved in an oriental motif, are. Daniel examines then wistfully, then sits down to work on his tree which is really shaping up. Miyagi with an arm full of plumbing supplies, including a shower head, enters. . - MIYAGI _. Danielsan. Happy Halloween,
23) 3) dialog: - Not going?
23) 8) dialog: Bonsai.
23) 14) dialog: Please. Hurt feelings. LUCILLE (touched) Well, thank you very much. I know just where I am going to put it. MIYAGI bows. LUCILLE not knowing how to respond, dips at
23) 42) dialog: Think facts mixed up.
23) 47) dialog: Not calling no one nothing.
23) 49) dialog: Ask leave boy alone.
23) 51) dialog: One to one problem, yes. Four to one problem, too much ask anyone.
23) 55) dialog: No.
23) 57) dialog: No more fighting.
23) 72) text: glare Gizectly. He Sows 3 she bigger man and exits, goon his neeis. Miyagi meets Xreese's A courteously, nove Daniel follow:
24) 2) dialog: Did. Save three months beating.
25) 2) dialog: Miyagi's house.
25) 4) dialog: Not everything is as seems.
25) 7) text: Miyagi comes up to him, Daniel gets out of the car.
25) 9) dialog: 
25) 16) dialog: Danielsan,. . On road. left side. Walk ri side. Safe. middie, or later get suuished like Same thing here. Zither x yes, or karate do no. Kar guess so you looking sec s Understand?
25) 23) dialog: Wax off left. Breathe in. Out. He repeats the motion with his left hand, counter- clockwise.
25) 24) dialog: very important, breathe in out. Miyagi turns and re-enters the house. Daniel watches him go and then turns glumly to the task at hand.
26) 0) text: Daniel slaps on the first bit of wax and begins to rub haphazardly. Miyagi comes up from behind and guides his hand in the prescribed circular motion.
26) 1) dialog: Breathe in out. In out.
28) 0) text: Daniel enters. The house is sparse to the point of containing nothing. Miyagi sits in a meditative zazen posture against the far wall. Daniel approaches him, is about to say something, thinks better of it, turns, and goes to exit. As he opens the door, a loud snore emanates from Miyagi. He turns and looks at the old man. Another snore punctuates the silence.
30) 0) text: A Marvelous sight greets Daniel. A perfect Japanese garden. Miyagi is putcing the last nails into a large unftinishec wooden decx. In each corner are graceful
30) 4) dialog: Japanese sander.
30) 20) text: the air, and looks over his shoulder to the far er the newly-sanded deck, where Miyagi is cooking h on a small coal orazier, Daniel's hunger is apparent. Migayi removes the fish and re-enters the house. Daniel Sands furiousiy, his renewed vigor fueled Sy a growing hunger. He keeps one eye on his work and one eve on the door, Pinished, he throws off the sander and goes to enter the house, just aS Miyagi exits. Face to face, the old man burps contentedly.
30) 21) dialog: Splinters gone?
30) 23) dialog: Good. Come morning. 6 A.M. He bows to Daniel. Daniel, perplexed, bows back. Miyagi steps into the garden and is soon lost in the darkness, .
31) 0) text: Daniel enters and finds a note on the kitchen table. CLOSEUP: THE NOTE. "Dear Dan. Don't wait up. See you tomorrow. Love. Mom." His resentment rises. ge rubs his shoulder and heads off towards his bedrocm. INT. MIYAGI'S HOUSE - Day . 69 * Daniel enters to find Miyagi seated at a low table trying to catch flies with chopsticks, (CONTINUED)
31) 4) dialog: Man who catch fly with chopstick ean accomplish anything.
31) 6) dialog: Not yet.
31) 11) dialog: (miffed) Beginner's luck. He rises and walks out the deor. Daniel locks at the fly and picks up 4 make-believe telephone.
31) 25) dialog: Yes. But first paint fence. With that, he begins to paint the fence.
31) 26) dialog: (continuing; demonstzatinc) Up... down... up... cown... All in wrist. After several demo strokes he hands the brush to Danrel.
31) 27) dialog: (continuing) Up... Gown... up... down... Whole fence. Don't forget breathe. Danzel complies. Miyagi walks beck to the house, repeating the words over and over, tickled by their Sing-song cadence. + om
32) 0) text: Miyagi is tending an ancient bonsai with the utmost concentration. Daniel, saint-splattered, tired, | rubbing his sore shoulders, ops down beside him.
32) 4) dialog: Both sides?
33) 1) text: | Daniel has just finished the last slat when Miyagi exits, dapper in a brightly-colored Hawaiian shirt.
37) 4) dialog: Not here when I go.
37) 6) dialog: You doing karate training.
37) 11) dialog: Learn plenty.
37) 13) dialog: Not everything is as looks, you know.
37) 15) dialog: Danielsan. Daniel lifts his bike.
37) 16) dialog: (sharply) 4 Danielsan. (CONTINUED)
39) 0) text: The house is almost finished. Daniel is slowly doing the last strokes, breathing in and out, when Miyagi pulls up. Daniel does a siow burn but does not turn around. Miyagi crosses the yard, whistling happily, carrying a full string of freshly-caught fish.
39) 1) dialog: You miss a spot. Daniel's brush stops in mid~stroke. (CONTINUED)
39) 13) dialog: (commanding) Come here. . Daniel grits his teeth, but obeys, returning to stand before the old man, sullen, distant.
39) 14) dialog: Show me wax on, wax off. Daniel does not move.
39) 15) dialog: (sharp) Show.
39) 18) dialog: Now show. On, off. Daniel does as he is told. To his surprise the ache is gone. Miyagi corrects the angle of his elbow, tucking it in.
39) 20) dialog: (stern) Show. Left right. Left right. Left right. Daniel catches the rhythm, making perfect half circles. Without warning, Miyagi throws a chest punch. Before Daniel realizes it, one of his circling hands has in- tercepted the punch and deflected it effortlessly. His eyes find Miyagi's. His face lights up. Miyagi re- mains emotionless. (CONTINUED)
39) 24) dialog: Paint fence. Now Daniel is eager, quick to comply. Miyagi makes a small adjustment, Daniel keeps painting. Miyagi throws a head punch. On the upstroke, Daniel's bent wrist catches Miyagi's punch. Miyagi throws a stomach punch. Daniel's downstroxe deflects it perfectly.
39) 25) dialog: Side side. Daniel needs no prompting. As he draws his hand from side to side across his body, he deflects two rapid hook punches thrown by the stone-faced old man.
39) 26) dialog: Look eyes. Daniel's eyes lock into Miyagi's.
39) 27) dialog: Wax on. Miyagi fires a chest punch. Daniel deflects it easily.
39) 28) dialog: Wax off. Again, the block is there.
39) 29) dialog: Paint up. Miyagi fires hard for the head. Daniel's snapping block is there to meet the attack.
39) 30) dialog: Down. Daniel's palm heel crashes into Miyagi's fist.
39) 31) dialog: Side. (CONTINUED)
39) 35) dialog: Side. Daniel's block snaps into place.
39) 36) dialog: Sand. Daniel sweeps two kicks out of the way.
39) 37) dialog: On off. The punches come faster. The blocks are right there. Suddenly, at the height of the exercise, Miyagi stops. Daniel, breathing hard, elated, waits for more. Miyagi picks up his fish.
39) 38) dialog: Come tomorrow. He turns abruptly and enters the house, slamming the door behind him before Daniel can say another word.
42) 0) text: The surf crashes onto the shore. DANIEL stands with MIYAG the water's edge. DANIEL puts his foot forward to test th temperature of the ocean. He withdraws it just as fast and looks at MIYAGI beseechingly. MIYAGI's expression doe change. Like a man condemned, DANIEL walks into the water Almost immediately, he is capsized by a wave. He stands a looxs back at MIYAGI.
42) 1) dialog: Not to worry. Will feel good.
42) 3) dialog: When finish. a With that, the.old man turns and waiks dewn the beach tow line of wooden pilings jutting out into the sea. DANIEL s again bracing himself against the onslaught of the ocean. begins to throw front.kicks into the waves to his own cad A wave hits hard. DANIEL weaves unsteadily until the unde pulls him down. He struggles to regain his focting, final succeeding and resumes kicking until another wave wips hi When he stands again, he looks down the beach to where MI is left standing on the last piling calmly balancedon his leg. A wave looms towards him but just as it breaks, the man leaps over it. He fires a kick with his left leg and lands. perfectly balanced on the piling in the same posit when he started.
42) 5) text: DANIEL wrapped ina blanket and MIYAGI head toward the par
42) 7) dialog: Crane techniacue.
42) 9) dialog: Do right, no can defense. (CONTINUED)
42) 12) dialog: First learn stand, then learn flv. DANIEL's disappointment shows.
42) 13) dialog: Natures rule Danielsan, not mine. They approach MIYAGI's pickup and trouble. Two big brawny motorcyle riding Yahoos lean on the pickup drinking beer through long neck bottles which are lined up on the truck fender.
42) 16) dialog: Excusé please, boy cold, must leave. Kindly remove bottles. The two men look at each other and burst out laughing. YAHOO #1 drains the bottle he is holding and with exagger precision lines it up with the others. He burps loudly in MIYAGI's face.
51) 0) text: Daniel is taken aback by the state of nis teacher. Miyagi appears, ree: of scotch, drunk, eressed in a World war II army unizorm, his chest covered with bate tle ribsens and medals, his hat tilted ecddly. He bows gracefully, unsteadily.
51) 2) dialog: Come in, come in.
51) 5) dialog: Japanese brues (blues). He ushers Daniel into the house. Daniel looks for other guests. There are none. Mivagi leads Daniel over tc his low table where a two-thirds empty bottle c£ scotch sits amidst yellow newspapers and framed pictures. Miyagi pours two healthy shots of scotch and hands one to Daniel. Miyagi clinks glasses against Daniel's noisily.
51) 7) dialog: Kumpai. He downs his drink in one gulp. Daniel touches his to his lips. The taste makes him grimace,
51) 8) dialog: {continuing} Drink, drink. Bad luck toast. No drink. Banzai.
51) 23) dialog: (strong) zai!
51) 25) dialog: Good enough. Miyagi downs a second shot of scotch while Daniel down a first, coughing from the heat in his cullet. Mivagi laughs, pounds him on the back and pours another two shots.
51) 34) dialog: Hai. Damn beautiful. Don't you think? . Daniel shakes his head, agreeing. Mivagi downs the scotch in his glass.
51) 35) dialog: (continuing) First time I see her in cane fleis, Hawaii. Seautiful. (MORE) (CONTINGES)
51) 41) text: Miyagi ee scotch glass and looks into the He toints to Daniel's * glass.
51) 42) dialog: Drink. Daniel gown the scotch. It goes down easier * than the time. yagi stands unsteadily and
51) 46) text: Miyagi comes over and shows Daniel a picture of his bride, now very pregnant.
51) 49) dialog: {continuing) * Look, Danielsan. First American- x born Miyagi. * Daniel looks at the picture. The news hitting him all * at once. Miyagi staggers across the room. *
51) 50) dialog: {continuing} Sergeant Miyagi reporting. Killed Jerry Germans, sir! Miyagi weaves around the room, talxing to no one, his voice distant. He snaps a salute, which misses the mark.
51) 57) dialog: (continuing) Sergeant Miyagi, regret to inform complications, sir. No doctor at camp, sir. {salutes acain) Regret to inform mother, child complication birth, Sir. First American-born Miyagi. Home of free, land of brave. Complicaticr. First American-born Miyagi...
51) 66) text: These are things that Daniel knows nothing about. His mind ingests the informaticn. Daniel cicks up his scotch glass, looks at the picture of the vouns Miyagi and his pregnant bride and drains the glass. Miyaci snores loudly. is GLASS falls and BFAKES The scunc snaps Daniel the old man and removes hi down, until a box of metal
54) 0) text: Daniel is rowing, putting all his strength behind the oars. Miyagi, a fisherman's hat on his face, appears to be sleeping.
54) 1) dialog: Stop! Daniel is more than happy to comply. Miyagi prepares his fishing rod with a hook and bait.
54) 3) dialog: For what?
54) 7) dialog: No fish. Up! Up! Miyagi bangs the bow seat. Daniel stands, balancing precariously, trying not to fall overboard, as the ocean rolls and sways against the sides of the small boat. Miyagi throws his line overboard, his back to Daniel.
54) 9) dialog: Are practicing. Daniel does not get it.
54) 11) dialog: Practice how to keep dry. Daniel climbs back into the boat and stands on the seat again.
54) 12) dialog: Now make block, up down, left right. Up down, left right. Up down, left right. Daniel begins to do all his blocks. Miyagi rocks the boat little by little. Daniel retains his balance.
54) 14) dialog: First things first.
54) 16) dialog: How score if knocked on ass? (beat) Balance is key. Balance good, everything possible. Balance bad -- (CONTINUED)
54) 19) dialog: »-. All washed up, Ha ha. Ha ha. Funny, huh? Daniel doesn't think so.
55) 0) text: A small crescent of sand nestled beneath the towering cliffs. Miyagi and Daniel sit around the fire feasting on the catch of the day. Daniel warms himself.
55) 2) dialog: Draft dodger. Japan Army say Miyagi come. Miyagi say Japan Army Sayonara.
55) 4) dialog: Oh yes. Very much fast. This is not the image Daniel wants to have of his teacher.
55) 6) dialog: No like fight.
55) 8) dialog: What about?
55) 10) dialog: That what you think? (CONTINUED)
55) 14) dialog: Good. He rises and extinguishes the fire.
55) 15) dialog: Come. He brings his gear to the boat. Daniel follows.
55) 17) dialog: Ready to learn punch.
56) 0) text: Daniel stands in the glare of the overhead light. From the shroud of the gloaming darkness, he hears something being dragged across the yard. A moment later, Miyagi enters the lighted area, pulling what looks like a coatrack with a catcher's mitt tied to its middle, and bamboo staves attached by springs, sticking out at odd angles. He rights the contraption opposite Daniel.
56) 1) dialog: This is Mr. Hashimoto. Daniel looks at the contraption and at Miyagi askance.
56) 2) dialog: Show respect. Daniel bows, lowering his eyes to the ground. Miyagi raps him sharply atop the head.
56) 3) dialog: Fighting rule number one. Never take eyes off no one. Do again. Daniel rubs his head. Sure Miyagi has flipped. He complies nonetheless, bowing cautiously, his eyes on the dummy. (CONTINUED)
56) 6) dialog: Better. Ready?
56) 8) dialog: Punch. Daniel does so, lightly, cautiously. Miyagi corrects his fist.
56) 9) dialog: Harder, focus power. Daniel punches harder, nothing happens.
56) 10) dialog: You girl or something? This Hashimoto one tough son-of-a- bitch. Now, hard. Daniel fires his best punch; as he makes contact with the mitt, a bamboo pole comes flying over the top and raps him on the head, stunning him. Miyagi laughs hysterically.
56) 11) dialog: One point, Hashimoto. Daniel rubs his head, scowling. He sets and punches again, firing a head block almost simultaneously with the punch. This time, however, a side pole swings out, catching Daniel square in the ribs, knocking the wind out of him. Miyagi nearly collapses in gales of laughter. Pissed off, Daniel punches again, only to be hit by a pole from the opposite side, Miyagi laughs so hard he chokes.
56) 12) dialog: Two points. Winner. Hashimoto. Miyagi lifts one of the bamboo staves in victory. Daniel stands back, pride and body bruised. Miyagi's laughter subsides as he stands in front of the rack himself.
56) 13) dialog: To know attack, first must know defend. Secret defend, relax. Learn relax, everything easy. (CONTINUED)
56) 16) text: EO: (2) Lin Miyagi demonstra
56) 26) dialog: Empty hand, peaceful hand. Real karate, peaceful. Real «arate, never attack, only defend. He motions for Daniel to continue.
56) 27) dialog: Remember, telex. Only moment of strike be strong.
56) 28) text: Daniel sets, quite serious. Miyagi turns and waiks back towards the house, to the SOUND OF PUNCHING AND
58) 5) text: Miyagi fishes and Daniel stands Sow seat, block~ ing, kicking end Funcning, his balance markedly inproved. 115 EXT, BEACH ~ pay iis
58) 34) dialog: Make wish. DANIEL does and blows. The room is plunged into darkness. When MIYAGI raises the gas lantern DANIEL finds a present in front of him.
58) 35) dialog: (continuing) From Hashimotosan. DANIEL bows to the dummy and begins to open the present. MIYAGI cuts the cake and serves slices to DANIEL and HASHIMOTO.
58) 36) dialog: So, how spend birthday?
58) 38) dialog: Hope good advice. DANIEL pulls a brand new kei out of the box. The back is embroidered in calligraphy over a bonsai tree. DANIEL tries the jacket on, thrilled.
58) 41) dialog: Not important what Miyagi think, Miyagi not fighting.
58) 43) dialog: Feeling correct.
58) 45) dialog: Trust quality, not quantity * Danielsan, (CONTINUED) 120
58) 46) text: REVISED 11-11-83 (wi CONTINUED (2) lie MIYAGI takes a spoonful of cake.
58) 49) dialog: Didn't know you have sweetheart.
58) 51) dialog: Look nice together. Different but same.
58) 53) dialog: Where going?
58) 55) dialog: Can't leave without Miyagi’s present.
58) 57) dialog: No lip, just come.
59) 0) text: MIYAGI and DANIEL stand in front of the vintage automobil
59) 1) dialog: Choose. MIYAGI gestures towards the cars. DANIEL (flustered) Bea, at te ee *
59) 3) text: 229 +» COnPINvED (3) 120 of MIYAGI “, Hurt old man's feelings. i
59) 4) text: DANIEL climbs into the 1950 Chevy convertible and there is a key, the chain, MIYAGI'S dog-tags. The old man knew what he would choose. He is at a loss for words.
59) 6) dialog: . (continuing) Remember, license no replace eyes and ears. DANIEL is about to turn the car on when a mood comes over him.
59) 8) dialog: Understand. Shouli be. Remember lesson of balance, yes.
59) 10) dialog: Not just lesson for karate. Lesson . for whole life. Whole life balance ) everything you do ke better. Karate too. MIYAGI produces the pictures of DANIEL and ALI and hands them to DANIEL. DANIEL breaks into a smile.
59) 11) dialog: Understand?
59) 13) dialog: {tender) You pretty OK tco. (beat, gru
59) 15) text: MIYAGI (o.s.) Bonsai. ANGLE ON DANIEL, looking in the rear view mirror at MIYAGI, hands thrown up, smiling like a little Budcha. é MIYAGI Bonsai. DANIEL smiles.
59) 131) dialog: Why need rank?
59) 133) dialog: Boy brack belt. The Official fills in the form.
60) 0) text: The various dojo are being announced over the P.A. system as they line up on the gym floor. The packed stands respond with applause. Daniel comes cunning up to Miyagi and Ali, his gi flopping open. Miyagi wraps the black belt around his waist.
60) 2) dialog: Buddha provide. Draw ring three. Come. Just then over the P.A. system the Cobra Kai is announced. ANGLE ON: The Cobras double-timing in military style, chanting a cadence.
61) 0) text: Lucille is scouring the hall, going from ring to ring looking for Daniel. When she spies one ring with many more spectators around it than the others, she rushes over. LUCILLE'S POV: Across the ring Ali stands with Miyagi and in the ring her son faces off against Brad. Referee signals the match to begin. Right off, Daniel's opponent throws a strong front kick at Daniel's face. Lucille's heart goes to her mouth. ANGLE ON Daniel sidestepping the kick gracefuliy and scoring a point with a classic reverse-front punch. (CONTINUED)
63) 0) text: The bleachers are filling up. The taped rings are gone. Covered by chairs which are being occupied by Spectators, Daniel is seated with Miyagi, Lucille and Ali. An INSTRUCTOR passes and pats Daniel on the shoulder.
67) 0) text: Daniel lies on a bench in. the empty room as a DOCTOR packs his bag. Lucille, Ali and Miyagi all stand in the background, the women visibly upset; Miyagi his usual stoic self.
68) 0) text: Miyagi, Daniel, and Ali exit. Some youngsters stop Daniel for an autograph. He obliges.
68) 6) dialog: At my age compliment. Lucille runs to her car.
69) 8) dialog: Why you no pick on someone your own size?
69) 10) dialog: Who you calling old man, monkey face? Kreese throws Johnny aside like a rag doll and rushes Miyagi, lunge punching for his face. At the last mo- ment, Miyagi sidesteps. Kreese's punch goes up to his elbow through a car windshield Miyagi was standing in front of. Ignoring his bloodied nand, Kreese whiris and throws a skip kick. Again Miyagi sidesteps at the last moment, causing Kreese's kick to connect with the side of his own van. The steel bends beneath his power. Enraged, Kreese lunges at Miyagi to kill him. Miyagi does not move. At the last moment, he raises his hand, palm out, and intercepts Kreese's fist. Kreese stops dead in his tracks. The old man's mouth creases in an ironic smile, as he slowly applies pres- sure to Kreese's fist, forcing Kreese down to his knees. ANGLE ON the Cobra Kai students looking out of the van, their eyes wide witn terror and amazement. ANGLE ON Daniel, proud of his teacher. Kreese is brought to his knees, his eyes for the first time, flicker with fear. Miyagi's smile dies. His eyes turn to stone. He cocks his hand back slowly.
69) 11) dialog: Mercy is for the weak. We do not train to be merciful. A man faces you he is the enemy. An enemy deserves no mercy. Miyagi's hand is cocked as far as it can go behind his head. His face is a mask of vengeance. ANGLE ON the Cobra Kai students, their mouths fairly trembling with fear. ANGLE ON Daniel.
69) 18) text: CONTINUED: if. 143 CLOSEUP: face. His eyes shut tightly expect- ing the d « When it does not come, he opens his eyes Miyagi's chop is less than an inch from his nose, finger flicks the lowest Zo winks. Dan ef them embrac exit From the still kneeling alone. zZ0Ch Miyagi, their panied by Al: way through * embling with power. Miyagi's fore- , Nubbing the end of Kreese's nose in f insult. Miyagi turns to Daniel and shes inta his teacher's arms. The two One by one, the Cobra Kai students , dropping their belts in front of the eese, and walking off, leaving him en the parking lot and Daniel and £ over each other's shoulders, accom- ing Daniel's trophy, wending their neze of cars.