60) 29) dialog: Try to keep it in the ring, LaRusso. Continue. Rufus charges, throwing a barrage of punches, none of them landing effectively. Daniel is driven back out of the ring again. The Referee signals him back impa- tiently. DANIEL'S POV: Several Cobras watch from the side of the ring, their attitudes smug.
60) 30) dialog: One more warning, LaRusso. Engarde. Continue. Daniel's opponent charges in with a sidekick. Daniel sidesteps, mid-blocks and fires a reverse punch to the spine.
60) 31) dialog: Point. Punch. LaRusso. Continue. Rufus charges again, this time with a front punch. Daniel hops to the side and snaps a roundhouse kick to the stomach. He makes enough contact to stop the charge and deflate a little air from the bigger boy.
60) 32) dialog: Point. Kick. LaRusso. Bow. Winner. LaRusso. Miyagi-do. Ali breaks into applause. Daniel is very pleased. He looks from Miyagi and Ali over to the Cobras. The smugness of a moment ago has been replaced by tight mouths and hard eyes.
61) 0) text: Lucille is scouring the hall, going from ring to ring looking for Daniel. When she spies one ring with many more spectators around it than the others, she rushes over. LUCILLE'S POV: Across the ring Ali stands with Miyagi and in the ring her son faces off against Brad. Referee signals the match to begin. Right off, Daniel's opponent throws a strong front kick at Daniel's face. Lucille's heart goes to her mouth. ANGLE ON Daniel sidestepping the kick gracefuliy and scoring a point with a classic reverse-front punch. (CONTINUED)
61) 3) dialog: Winner. LaRusso. Miyagi-Do. Daniel bows to the Referee, then to his opponent. The Referee raises his hand and the crowd applauds appreci- atively. Daniel hears a familiar voice cheering louder than the rest. He turns to Lucille, applauding proudly. He smiles grandly.
65) 1) dialog: Bow. Engarde. Begin. Bobby throws a low front kick. Daniel goes to block, only to find, it is a fake for a wheel kick that whis- tles an inch from his ear.
65) 2) dialog: Point. Brown. Engarde. Continue. The boys circle. Bobby catches Kreese's commending eyes at ringside. His concentration lapses. Daniel sees the opportunity and lunges with a punch.
65) 4) dialog: Brown. Engarde. Bobby puts his hands up. There is no light in his face, only tired resignation. His eyes shift once more to Kreese. :
65) 5) dialog: Continue. In SLOW MOTION, Bobby jumps high in the air, appearing to throw a flying sidekick. Instinctively, Daniel's hands rise, but instead of kicking out, Bobby drops and pushes the blade of his foot into Daniei's knee, the full weight of his body behind it. A sickening CRACK fills the arena, Lucille screams. Ali's hand goes to her mouth. Miyagi rushes into the ring. The crowd rises, sucking air, sharing the pain. Daniel col- lapses, grabbing his knee, feeling more pain than he has ever known. ANGLE ON JOHNNY: astounded that this has happened. (CONTINUED)
67) 15) dialog: You know the rules. Three points wins. Let's give these people a championship match they won't forget. Bow. Daniel's eyes do not leave Johnny's.
67) 16) dialog: Engarde. Begin. Johnny opens with a flurry of punches and kicks, driv- ing Daniel back. His last technique is a wheel kick, which Daniel ducks and follows up with a strong reverse punch to the stomach.
67) 17) dialog: Point. LaRusso. Continue. The boys circle each other. Johnny throws a backhand, followed by a strong sidekick. Daniel drops, pokes one leg in front of Johnny's support leg, and one leg be~ hind, and twists. Johnny goes crashing to the canvas. Daniel scrambles up and delivers a chop to his neck.
67) 18) dialog: Point. The crowd goes crazy. Kreese's jaw tightens. Johnny rises, his nose bleeding from the fall.
67) 26) dialog: Engarde. Continue. Johnny explodes with a full powered foot sweep which catches Daniel just below his bad knee. As Daniel spins off balance Johnny drills a punch into his back.
67) 27) dialog: Point. The Cobra Kai students cheer louder than the rest of the partisan crowd. Daniel rises slowly and returns to center ring, his limp more pronounced.
67) 28) dialog: Engarde. Continue. Right off the mark Johnny throws another sweep, fol- lowed by a roundhouse kick to the head. As Daniel's foot is swept, he spins into Johnny's roundhouse, which makes contact with his mouth. He hits the canvas hard.
67) 29) dialog: Clash. No.contact. Point. Daniel gets up slowly, in pain. Blood trickles from a split lip. His limp is more pronounced. Johnny's eyes go to Kreese. He nods tersely at Johnny, commanding him to continue the barrage.
67) 30) dialog: Two two. Match point. Engarde. Continue. Johnny sweeps Daniel again, but before he can get his scoring technique off, Daniel is on the canvas, and the Referee is calling the fighter to center ring. Daniel is in pain. As he comes to center ring, Johnny gets into fighting position.
67) 31) dialog: Engarde. Continue. Johnny charges, coming at Daniel with everything he has. Daniel is almost defenseless, pummeled to the mat. The Referee breaks the fighters and sets them back at center. Daniel looks over to his corner, where Miyagi stands impassively.
67) 32) dialog: Bow. Engarde. (CONTINUED)
67) 37) dialog: Continue. But Johnny stalls, perplexed, until Kreese's voice shakes him out of his confusion.
67) 39) dialog: Point. Flying kick. LaRusso. Winner. The Referee raises Daniel's arm in victory. Ali and Lucille are all over Daniel. Miyagi stands proudly by his side accepting kudos as well. The trophy is thrust into Daniel's hands by Johnny.