1) 0) text: A POLICE OFFICER takes a piece of paper from the typewrit turns to a microphone, and reads.
1) 1) text: To all officers! Two German couriers carrying important official documents murdered on train from Oran. Murderer and possible accomplices headed for Casablanca. Round up all suspicious characters and search them for stolen documents. Important!
2) 0) text: An officer BLOWS his whistle several times. There is pandemonium as native guards begin to round up people. A police car, full of officers, with SIREN BLARING, screa through the street and stops in the market. Some try to escape but are caught by the police and loade into a police wagon. At a street corner TWO POLICEMEN stop a white CIVILIAN an question him.
8) 0) text: As the plane lands a swastika on its tail is clearly visible. It taxis to a stop as a group of officers march into formation in front of it. Behind them stand a detail of native soldiers keeping guard. In the group is CAPTAIN LOUIS RENAULT, a French officer appointed by Vichy as Prefect of Police in Casablanca. He is a handsome, middle-aged Frenchman, debonair and gay, b withal a shrewd and alert official. With him are HERR HEINZE, the German consul, CAPTAIN TONE an Italian officer, and LIEUTENANT CASSELLE, Renault's ai When the plane door opens, the first passenger to step ou is a tall, middle-aged, pale German with a smile that see more the result of a frozen face muscle than a cheerful disposition. On any occasion when MAJOR STRASSER is cross his expression hardens into iron. Herr Heinze steps up to him with upraised arm.
10) 0) text: Rick's is an expensive and chic nightclub which definitel possesses an air of sophistication and intrigue. SAM, a middle-aged Negro, sits on a stool before a small, salmon-colored piano on wheels, playing and singing while accompanied by a small orchestra. All about him there is the HUM of voices, CHATTER and LAUGHTER. The occupants of the room are varied. There are Europeans in their dinner jackets, their women beautifully begowned and bejeweled. There are Moroccans in silk robes. Turks wearing fezzes. Levantines. Naval officers. Members of the Foreign Legion, distinguished by their kepis. Two men sit at a table.
16) 4) dialog: Yes, sir. Everything is ready, sir. The officer salutes and goes off to speak to the guards. 28. Renault walks over to Strasser's table as Rick comes down the stairs.
29) 0) text: Laszlo and Ilsa make their way through the jam in the lob of the Prefecture. Jan and Annina talk to an officer.
29) 1) dialog: (to Jan and Annina) There's nothing we can do.
30) 42) dialog: Excuse me, Captain. Another visa problem has come up.
30) 44) dialog: Yes, sir. Renault looks at himself in the mirror and straightens his tie.
42) 1) text: A group of German officers stand around the piano singing the "Wacht am Rhein."
46) 0) text: Laszlo passes the table where Ilsa sits and goes straight to the orchestra. Yvonne, sitting at a table with her German officer, stare down into her drink. Laszlo speaks to the orchestra.
66) 3) dialog: (saluting) Zu Befehl, Herr Major. The officer exits and Strasser resumes on the telephone.