10) 0) text: Rick's is an expensive and chic nightclub which definitel possesses an air of sophistication and intrigue. SAM, a middle-aged Negro, sits on a stool before a small, salmon-colored piano on wheels, playing and singing while accompanied by a small orchestra. All about him there is the HUM of voices, CHATTER and LAUGHTER. The occupants of the room are varied. There are Europeans in their dinner jackets, their women beautifully begowned and bejeweled. There are Moroccans in silk robes. Turks wearing fezzes. Levantines. Naval officers. Members of the Foreign Legion, distinguished by their kepis. Two men sit at a table.
12) 0) text: Rick makes his way over to Sam, who plays and sings the "Knock Wood" number, accompanied by the orchestra. The cafe is in semi-darkness. The spotlight is on Sam, and every time the orchestra comes in on the "Knock Wood" business, the spotlight swings over to the orchestra. During one of the periods when the spotlight is on the orchestra, Rick slips the letters of transit into the pia FERRARI, owner of the Blue Parrot, a competing night spot, comes into the cafe, sits down, and watches Sam. Then he sees Rick and they smile at each other. At the end of the number Ferrari goes to the bar to speak to Ric
12) 15) dialog: I like it fine here.
12) 17) dialog: Yeah, but I ain't got time to spend the money I make here.
14) 0) text: They pass Sam at the piano. He's playing "Baby Face". Ric pats Sam on the shoulder.
18) 139) dialog: Hello, Miss Ilsa. I never expected to see you again. He sits down and is ready to play.
18) 141) dialog: Yes, ma'am. A lot of water under the bridge.
18) 143) dialog: Yes, ma'am. Sam begins to play a number. He is nervous, waiting for anything.
18) 145) dialog: (evading) I don't know. I ain't seen him all night. Sam looks very uncomfortable.
18) 147) dialog: Not tonight no more. He ain't coming. Uh, he went home.
18) 149) dialog: Oh, he never... well... (desperately) he's got a girl up at the Blue Parrot. He goes up there all the time.
18) 151) dialog: Leave him alone, Miss Ilsa. You're bad luck to him.
18) 153) dialog: 
18) 156) dialog: Oh I can't remember it, Miss Ilsa. I'm a little rusty on it. Of course he can. He doesn't want to play it. He seems even more scared now.
18) 159) dialog: You must remember this, A kiss is just a kiss, A sigh is just a sigh, The fundamental things apply, As time goes by. The door to the gambling room opens. Rick comes swinging out. He's heard the music and he's livid.
18) 160) dialog: And when two lovers woo, They both say I love you, On that you can rely, No matter what the future brings, As time goes by. Rick walks briskly up to the piano.
20) 0) text: The customers have all gone. The house lights are out. Rick sits alone at a table. There is a glass of bourbon on the table directly in front of him, and another empty glass on the table before an empty chair. Near at hand is a bottle. He fills his glass and drinks it quickly. Rick just sits. His face is entirely expressionless. The beacon light from the airport sweeps around the room creating a mood of unreality. Sam comes in and stands hesitantly beside Rick.
20) 1) dialog: Boss. No answer, as Rick drinks.
20) 2) dialog: Boss!
20) 4) dialog: Boss, ain't you going to bed?
20) 6) dialog: (lightly) Ain't you planning on going to bed in the near future?
20) 8) dialog: You ever going to bed?
20) 10) dialog: Well, I ain't sleepy either.
20) 12) dialog: No. Not me, boss.
20) 14) dialog: Boss, let's get out of here.
20) 16) dialog: (earnestly) Please, boss, let's go. Ain't nothing but trouble for you here.
20) 18) dialog: We'll take the car and drive all night. We'll get drunk. We'll go fishing and stay away until she's gone.
20) 20) dialog: (stubbornly) No, sir. I'm staying right here. Sam sits down at the piano and starts to play softly, 50. 51. improvising.
20) 22) dialog: Yeah, boss?
20) 24) dialog: Uh, my watch stopped.
20) 28) dialog: Just a little something of my own.
20) 30) dialog: No, I don't.
20) 32) dialog: Well, I don't think I can remember it.
20) 35) dialog: Yes, boss. Sam starts to play "As Time Goes By." Rick just stares ahead as orchestra MUSIC slowly joins Sa playing.
25) 0) text: A small cafe in the Montmartre. A shadow on the floor reflects the cafe sign "La Belle Aurore." Rick, at the bar, gets glasses and a bottle of champagne. He walks over to Ilsa and Sam at the piano. Sam plays "As Time Goes By." Ilsa seems unnerved. There is evidently something on her mind. Rick pours the champagne. His manner is wry, but not the bitter wryness we have seen in Casablanca.
25) 2) dialog: This sort of takes the sting out of being occupied, doesn't it, Mr. Richard?
25) 13) dialog: The Germans'1ll be here pretty soon now, and they'll come looking for you. And don't forget there's a price on your head. Ilsa reacts to this worriedly.
26) 0) text: It's raining very hard at the train station. There is a hectic, fevered excitement, evident in the fac of the people that pass by. This is the last train from P Rick appears in the crowd. He stops and puts his suitcase and glances at his watch. A conductor calls out "All aboard, last train leaving in three minutes." Rain pours over his head and shoulders, but he doesn't se notice. He nervously checks his watch again. Suddenly Sam appears.
26) 2) dialog: No, Mr. Richard. I can't find her. She checked out of the hotel. But this note came just after you left. Sam pulls an envelope from his pocket. Rick grabs it, ope it, and stares down at the letter.
26) 5) dialog: (frantically) That's the last call, Mr. Richard, 59. do you hear me? Come on, Mr. Richard. Let's get out of here. Come on, Mr. Richard, come on. Sam pulls a stunned, reluctant Rick to the train. The tra starts to move just as he boards. From the steps he looks off into the distance, then crumb the letter and tosses it away as the steam from the engin clouds over him.
27) 0) text: Close-up of a glass on the table in the cafe. Rick's hand reaches for it and knocks it over. We now see Rick's face and he's very drunk. Sam walks over to the table to pick up the glass and a fallen chair. Just then the door opens and it's Ilsa. Rick stares at the doorway. Ilsa lingers a moment, then comes over to the table.