13) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT - ANGLED to include blacksmith shop across the street. Far down the street comes Graham's buckboard  followed by the small crowd. The sheriff's office is a on story wooden structure. Next to it is the general store. front of the blacksmith shop stands a wagon with one whee off. In the corral alongside are eleven blooded mares. Cl Phillips, his brother Steve and the blacksmith are inside the shop. Clay's saddle horse is tethered to the hitching rail beside two harnessed work horses.
14) 0) text: ANGLED to include sheriff's office. The blacksmith, Sam E an elderly bent man in a leather apron stands at the forg in which he is heating the rim from the big wheel which l on the table nearby. Clay, a long-legged wrangler in clea but faded work clothes stands near the forge pumping the  bellows and watching his brother, a freckled kid of sixte trying to roll a cigarette. Steve has progressed to the m difficult step, that of licking and sealing the paper. Cl reaches over and takes it from him. He puts the skinny  cylinder in his mouth and Steve lights it for him. The fi third of the cigarette burns with one quick flare.
14) 2) dialog: A little hot.
14) 5) text: Clay, the cigarette dangling from his lips, moves over to the table, picks up a hammer and helps Sam hammer the rim the wheel. Steve stands watching.
14) 6) dialog: Rate you're goin', we'll be here  until winter.
14) 9) dialog: You're too old to watch such goin's  on.
14) 11) text: Clay and Sam spin the wheel in the tub.
14) 12) dialog: That's right.
14) 15) dialog: (mildly) Don't you ever run down?
14) 17) dialog: (good-natured) You stick to your blacksmithin' and  let me take care of Steve.
16) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Steve. Clay comes up to stand beside Steve. S joins them. Steve looks up at Clay hopefully.
16) 1) dialog: We'll both take a look. Anything's  better than listenin' to Sam. (to Sam) Don't forget to shoe the mule.
16) 2) text: Clay and Steve exit. Sam looks after them, shrugs disgust and goes back to the wheel.
17) 0) text: MED. SHOT - featuring buckboard. The crowd around the wag stands in shocked silence looking at the bodies under the tarp. Clay and steve come up, glance in the buckboard and then at each other. Clay speaks to a man near him.
17) 1) dialog: Who are they?
17) 5) text: Sheriff Gardner, who has seen Clay through the window, co out of his office on to the porch followed by Jeb Graham a young deputy. In his hand Gardner holds the burned pris jacket. Clay goes up the steps to the porch. Steve follow to the foot of the steps to stand watching. The crowd aro the wagon gives its attention to the men on the porch.
17) 7) dialog: Hello Graham -- Joe -- Mr. Gardner.
17) 12) dialog: (shocked) Forster never did anyone any harm. (puzzled) But what's that got to do with me? I  came into town from the south.
17) 15) text: Clay moves over to glance down at the jacket.
17) 16) dialog: I still don't see.
17) 19) text: Clay reads it.
17) 26) text: Clay nods.
17) 28) dialog: Maybe he did.
17) 30) dialog: I've got eleven horses to get over  the mountains before snow catches me  and covers the feed.
17) 32) dialog: Like you said, maybe he knows where  my ranch is. If he does, he'll be  waiting on the porch.
17) 35) text: Clay speaks over his shoulder as he goes down.
17) 36) dialog: Thanks.
17) 37) text: As Clay starts away, Steve follows him. Clay doesn't cros to the blacksmith shop. He goes along the sidewalk toward the general store. Steve hurries to catch up with him.
18) 0) text: MOVING SHOT. Clay, deep in thought, seems unaware of his  brother at his side.
18) 2) dialog: A man I used to know.
18) 3) text: They walk in silence to the General store and Clay goes u the steps and across the porch. Steve follows close behin
18) 4) text: The store is a typical general store of the period, selli everything from buggies to baby clothes. In one corner is the postoffice. The storekeeper, Hayes, is unpacking a ca of canned goods, stacking the cans on the shelf. Clay,  followed by Steve, enters. Hayes glances over.
18) 5) text: Clay crosses to the shelf where the rifle and shotgun she are kept and takes down a half dozen boxes of 30 30  cartridges.
18) 7) dialog: Shells. How much for six boxes?
18) 9) text: Besides Clay, Steve is inspecting a rack of guns.
18) 11) dialog: Like what?
18) 14) dialog: I don't want to run short.
18) 16) dialog: No call to. That jail looked pretty  solid to me. (pointing to rifle) How's she feel?
18) 20) dialog: One he's got, more his size.
18) 22) dialog: The thing to do is stick to rabbits.
18) 23) text: He hands Hayes some money for the shells. Hayes crosses t another part of the store to get change. Clay and Steve, has picked up the rifle again, move over to the counter.
18) 26) dialog: You sure worry that bone. He killed  a fellow.
18) 28) dialog: The other fellow wasn't even lookin'.
18) 30) text: Clay grins. Hayes comes up with the change. Clay takes ou some bills and gives them to the storekeeper.
18) 31) dialog: (points to rifle) I may as well buy it for him.  Otherwise he'll be crying all the  way over the hill.
18) 34) dialog: Yes.
18) 36) dialog: Maybe at the ranch. Maybe sooner  than that.
18) 38) dialog: (smiling) All right. I'll tell you.
18) 41) dialog: Let's say this is the penitentiary.
18) 42) text: He reaches down into one of the barrels in front of the  counter. The barrels are filled with beans, nails, dried  apples, hardtack, etc. Clay takes a handful of beans and  makes a trail ending in a little pile.
18) 43) dialog: Here's Alder Crick.
18) 45) dialog: And here we are in Aspen.
18) 47) dialog: That's Sonora.
18) 49) dialog: motioning) Lednov gets out of jail  and comes along here to Alder Crick.  Then goes along here toward the Sonora  road.
18) 50) text: Clay drops the hardtack back from where the bean trails c
18) 51) dialog: That's Lednov! (tracing) We come along here.
18) 53) dialog: Unless the sheriff gets too close  and he holes up.
18) 55) dialog: So let's go.
19) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED TOWARD Sheriff's office. Up the street men are gathering around the sheriff's office. Some are  mounted. Some are tightening their cinches. Clay and Stev come out of the store to look up the street. Steve munche the hardtack.
19) 2) dialog: Yeah -- and Lednov's only lookin'  for one man. Me.
19) 4) dialog: He doesn't like me. What you eatin'?
19) 8) text: Clay laughs. As they start up the street, the sheriff mou his horse and, followed by his men, rides forward.
20) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT. A woman's hat lies on the rocky earth. It is big, elaborate affair. O.s. there is the SOUND of hoofbea the SQUEAL of a wagon brake and the JANGLE of harness. CA PULLS BACK and ANGLE WIDENS to reveal Clay's wagon coming down a very steep hill. Steve is driving, holding tightly the reins and riding the brake. Seeing the hat, he yells Clay.
20) 2) text: Clay rides over and, swinging down, picks it up.
20) 3) text: ANGLED DOWN hill. The road twists tortuously down. Near t bottom it swings sharply at right angles into a dry wash. The banks shut out further view of the road. Near where t road turns a trunk lies at the side. It has broken open a some of the contents are spilled out in the dust. Clay ri to it, reins in his horse and looks down. Steve, with  difficulty, pulls the mules to a stop alongside.
20) 4) text: featuring trunk and wagon. Clay swings out of his saddle, starts tossing the clothes back in the trunk. Steve jumps down.
20) 6) dialog: Things get tough next winter, you'll  have somethin' to wear.
20) 9) text: Clay takes it from him, puts it in the trunk and shuts th lid. Steve helps him hoist the trunk into the wagon bed.  Steve gets back in the seat. Just as Clay is about to mou he stops and picks up a small folding daguerrotype case  delicately ornamented. He lifts his eyebrow, tucks the ca into his pocket, then mounts and starts ahead around the  bend.
20) 10) text: Clay's ANGLE. Ahead, off the road in the wash is the surr that passed Graham's buckboard at the fork. Clay spurs hi horse forward.
20) 11) text: on surrey. The back wheel is broken and the bed of the su rests on the ground. The horses have been taken from the  traces and stand dejectedly in the hot sun. A blanket is  spread in the scant shade thrown by the surrey. On it lie Elaine and, sitting beside her, is Marcia. A damp cloth i spread across Elaine's forehead. A water bag hangs from t surrey. Elaine's head is pillowed on a dainty satin cushi Helen and Mary have risen at Clay's approach and now stan by the road.
20) 12) text: Clay gallops forward to pull up near the surrey. In the b Steve drives the wagon around the bend. Clay dismounts.
20) 13) text: Clay drops his reins and hurries up.
20) 14) dialog: Anybody hurt?
20) 16) text: Clay bends over Elaine.
20) 17) dialog: What's the matter with her?
20) 19) text: Clay turns from Elaine and gives his attention to the sur
20) 22) text: Helen moves toward Clay. She miles without humor.
20) 24) text: Clay stops her with a look, goes around, and kicks the  unbroken back wheel. The spokes rattle.
20) 25) dialog: This must have been in the family a  long time.
20) 29) dialog: I'm Clay Phillips. (motioning) My brother Steve.
20) 33) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
20) 35) dialog: Just about.
20) 38) text: Clay takes the makings from his pocket, starts to roll a  cigarette.
20) 40) text: Steve looks at Clay hopefully. He likes the prospect of h these lovely women along.
20) 42) text: Clay finishes the cigarette, starts to put the makings ba Mary holds out her hand. Clay gives her the makings. Mary speaks as she casually rolls a cigarette.
20) 44) text: Clay motions to the remuda that grazes in the b.g.
20) 45) dialog: I've got eleven horses.
20) 49) dialog: (dryly) Did you ever try taking a bunch of  horses over Sonora Pass? It's quite  a job.
20) 51) dialog: Course I can't. I'll give you a lift  to the first ranch.
20) 52) text: Helen has finished her cigarette. She passes the makings Steve. He hesitates, looks at his brother and, when he se Clay is occupied with Mary, starts rolling one.
20) 54) dialog: (amiably) You can stay here if you like.
20) 56) dialog: I'm not running a stage line, ma'am,  and I can't take a chance on losing  the horses.
20) 57) text: Steve finishes his cigarette. Again he hesitates, then no wanting to seem young in front of these women he takes a  bold step and lights it. Clay reaches over and takes it f him. Mary watches the byplay.
20) 58) dialog: When you're old enough to smoke,  I'll tell you. (kind) Get the horses started on ahead,  will you, Steve?
20) 61) dialog: (turning) Let's get your stuff in the wagon.  Like I said, I'll take you to the  first ranch. I wish I could carry  you all the way, but I can't. It's a  tough trip and women would be in the  way.
20) 63) dialog: (ignores that) You'll have to drive -- except down  hill.
20) 67) text: She starts around the surrey. Helen follows. Clay bends over Elaine.
20) 68) dialog: What's the matter with her?
20) 70) text: As Clay turns from Elaine, Marcia joins the other two, th attention on Clay and the surrey. Left alone, Elaine is  suddenly alert and no longer sick. She glances around, th unobserved slides out from under the shade of the surrey.
20) 73) text: Helen moves toward Clay. She smiles without humor. With t new diversion, Elaine, still unnoticed, starts away -- ba toward where they dropped the trunk.
20) 77) dialog: It wouldn't happen to be this...
20) 78) text: Elaine stops now and turns as Clay takes the folding  daguerrotype case from his pocket. Elaine, her eyes wide frightened, starts back as Mary takes the case from Clay opens it.
20) 81) text: She jerks the case from Mary's hands, snaps it shut, and  stands staring at Mary with a strange mixture of fright,  anger and hysteria. Mary glances around as if to say what did-I-do? To cover the embarrassed silence, Clay kicks th unbroken back wheel. The spokes rattle.
20) 82) dialog: This must have been in the family a  long time.
20) 87) dialog: I'm Clay Phillips. (motioning) My brother Steve.
20) 103) text: on wagon. Clay, in the wagon bed, is stowing his gear in back. Mary, supporting Elaine, reaches the wagon. Seeing girls, Clay reaches down and gently lifts Elaine up. Mary climbs in beside him.
20) 104) text: wagon bed. Clay has unrolled a bedroll under the seat whe there is a little shade.
20) 105) dialog: (kind) Stretch out under the seat, Miss.
20) 107) dialog: How's that?
20) 109) text: As she speaks, Mary helps the girl down under the seat, t rises to face Clay.
20) 111) dialog: It's a nice place owned by an old  couple named Wyatt.
20) 114) text: Clay and Mary. Clay vaults out of the wagon, CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS, he looks up.
20) 115) dialog: So both of you stop worrying.
21) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Dust rises over the road as the cavalcade move forward. Clay, rifle across his lap, rides in front. The  wagon, with Mary driving and Helen beside her on the seat follows. The two horses that pulled the surrey are tied t the tail gate. Then comes the remuda with Steve bringing the rear.
22) 4) text: Mary smiles after him, then moves across the grass, CAMER DOLLYING AHEAD of her. She sinks to her knees in the patc of sand by the stream and leans down and puts her face un the water. Then, sitting up, she wipes the water and dust from her face with a handkerchief. Clay rides up from beh dismounts, scoops up some water from the river in the bri of his hat and drinks it. For a second he watches Mary.
22) 5) dialog: There's a place down a ways, where  you and the girls can wash some of  that dust off.
22) 8) dialog: (half-smile) Steve and me, we use a saddle for a  pillow and roll up in a tarp.
22) 10) dialog: Mostly, we open a can of beans and  boil some coffee.
22) 12) dialog: In the grub box. (softening) Toward morning the dew gets kind of  heavy so maybe you better fix up a  bed under the wagon. Spread some  bunch grass under the tarp and the  ground won't be so hard.
22) 16) text: ANGLED PAST wagon. Clay tosses the saddle into the wagon  bed, slaps his mare on the rump. She trots off. Climbing on the wheel, he gets the grub box under the seat and lif it down. Steve comes from out of scene and starts unharne the team.
22) 18) dialog: Swimming.
22) 19) text: Clay comes past him, carrying the grub box. He puts it do near where some stones make a crude firebox.
22) 21) text: Clay squats by the stones and starts building a fire.
22) 22) dialog: When you get the team watered, rustle  up some wood.
22) 24) text: ANGLED PAST Clay. In the B.g. Steve stands by the stream, letting the team drink. O.s. the women can be heard laugh and splashing. Steve gives all his attention to what is g on downstream. Clay puts wood on the fire, opens the grub box. He sees Steve, takes the coffee pot out of the box a heads for the stream.
22) 25) text: ANGLED PAST Steve downstream. Behind the willows the girl are bathing. However they are too far away to be seen cle and the willows make a fairly effective screen. Clay walk upstream and fills the coffee pot, then comes back to sta for a moment beside Steve. Steve, who hadn't seen Clay un now, suddenly gets very busy giving all his attention to mules.
22) 27) text: He jerks them from the water and leads them away. Clay fr after him, then goes back to the wagon.
22) 28) text: on wagon and fire. As Clay passes the wagon, he reaches i the bed and gets a couple of strips of scrap iron. These carries to the fire. He puts the iron strips across the b sets the coffee pot on, feeds the fire with some more woo then going back to the wagon, he takes his rifle out, thr a shell into the chamber and starts off up the knoll.
23) 0) text: MED. SHOT. It is a moonlight night. Clay squats on his he smoking. The rifle lies across his knees. Below can be se the campfire, and the shadowy forms of the girls as with  Steve's help they make up a bed under the wagon and cook evening meal. Clay suddenly reacts as O.s. a horse whinni Standing he looks off into the darkness.
23) 1) text: ANGLED PAST Clay. In the moonlight the trail stretches ba over rolling hills. Faintly can be heard the SOUND of  hoofbeats. Below, where the remuda grazes, a horse whinni again. Clay moves down toward the camp.
23) 2) text: the camp. As Clay approaches. Steve squats by the fire. H has spread out a tarp in the circle of firelight and Mary setting the tin plates, cups, etc., out. Elaine, a blanke around her, sits near the fire. She looks tired and ill.  Marcia and Helen are struggling with bed-making under the wagon.
23) 4) text: Steve and Mary look up as Clay strides up. Clay starts ki dirt over the fire.
23) 5) dialog: Get your rifle.
23) 6) text: Steve jumps up and hurries to the wagon. Clay continues  kicking dirt over the fire.
25) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH willows PAST Clay and Steve. T brothers have taken up a post overlooking the road. The  horseman walks cautiously toward them. He stops, listenin Then he drops his reins and comes forward stealthily. The horse stands.
25) 1) text: Clay and Steve. Steve, finger on trigger gives Clay a  questioning glance. Clay shakes his head.
25) 2) dialog: (calling) Hold it.
25) 3) text: on road. The man, now seen clearly for the first time, st He is Jim Clayton, a man in his twenties, chunky, round-f stolid and not too imaginative. He wears the well-worn je and blue shirt of the farmer. Clay and Steve come out of willows toward him. Both have their rifles ready.
25) 4) dialog: Drop your gun.
25) 5) text: Clayton hesitates, then lets his rifle butt drop to the r
25) 7) dialog: Then don't come sneakin' around a  man's camp.
25) 9) text: Clay and Steve lower their rifles.
25) 11) dialog: So did I. They were in it.
25) 13) text: Clay moves closer and extends his hand. They shake.
25) 14) dialog: (very cordial) I'm glad you came along. (introducing) My brother, Steve. I'm Phillips.
25) 16) dialog: I gave the girls a lift. Didn't know  what else to do with them. Get your  horse and come on.
25) 17) text: Clayton turns back toward his horse. Clay and Steve wait him.
26) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED BACK ALONG the trail. Mary and Helen,  tense and worried, stand at the edge of the camp, looking off. Marcia is with Elaine under the wagon. From o.s. com the SOUND of men's voices. Clay, Steve and Clayton, leadi his horse, come into view.
26) 2) text: Clay, Steve and Jim are now close to Mary.
26) 3) dialog: (genial) Here's a man says he's looking for  you girls.
26) 8) text: Clayton kisses her.
26) 10) text: Marcia hugs him. In the B.g. Clay goes over to the fire,  kicks the dirt off the embers and piles on wood. The fire flares up.
26) 16) text: CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS as Marcia and Jim come forward. The f now burns briskly. Clay rejoins the group.
26) 26) text: The joy goes out of Marcia's expression. She looks up at  Jim, her eyes begging him to tell her it will work. Jim, naturally shy man, loses his tongue momentarily. Clay jum into the breach.
26) 27) dialog: Of course it'll work. You can get  another girl to fill out the act.
26) 33) dialog: Suppose they don't. This is his  problem. He's over twenty-one. He  wants to marry Marcia and Marcia  wants to marry him so let 'em alone.
26) 34) text: Mary turns on Clay.
26) 35) text: Clay and Mary. The others in the b.g.
26) 37) dialog: I'm not in his shoes, so leave me  out of it.
26) 40) text: Clay swings around and comes back.
26) 41) dialog: (hurriedly; smiles) Steve maybe you better get some wood  for the fire.
26) 43) dialog: (to Steve) Go on, there's a good boy.
26) 44) text: Clay gives Steve a gentle push. Steve exits.
26) 49) dialog: I'm sorry. I can't do that. I went a  long way to get those horses.
26) 56) text: Marcia comes over to hug Mary. As Marcia and Jim leave, M moves to Clay.
27) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Mary stands in the moonlight by the wagon, loo out across the meadow. Below, near the creek, the horses  graze. There is the soft jangle of a bell as the bell mar moves her head. Clay comes walking up from the creek, rif in hand. He passes without noticing Mary. Mary turns.
27) 1) text: Mary in close F.g. The campfire burns low. Steve lies on stomach close to it. Clay stops beside him to glance down then moves on to sit on a rock above the fire. Mary start toward the fire.
27) 5) text: ANGLED DOWN PAST Clay.
27) 7) text: She glances up where Clay sits.
27) 11) text: Clay. He listens, perturbed.
27) 15) text: Clay. He winces at!
27) 17) text: Mary, Steve and Clay. Behind them, Clay rises and comes d nearer the fire.
27) 26) dialog: (interrupting) Time to go to bed, Steve.
27) 30) text: Steve exits. Mary looks after him, then up at Clay.
27) 32) dialog: Yeah.
27) 34) text: Clay kicks loose embers into the fire.
27) 36) text: Clay turns from the fire to stand above her.
27) 37) dialog: (quiet) He doesn't know his letters, no --  but he knows the names of animals...  he knows what roots to eat when you're  clear out of food... He knows the  difference between a possum and a  coon just by lookin' at the tracks...  more than most trappers know... and  he can tell whether she'll rain or  shine tomorrow by smelling the air  tonight. There's a lot of things he  doesn't know, I hope he'll never  learn.
27) 40) dialog: (turning away) Like sticking his nose into other  people's business.
27) 41) text: Clay moves out of the circle of firelight to stop and pic up his rifle, tarp and blanket, then climbs the knoll. Ma stares into the fire, then rising she starts toward the w
28) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Clay reaches the top of the knoll and stands  looking off. Below him the campfire burns low. Mary reach the wagon.
29) 0) text: MED. SHOT ANGLED PAST Mary TOWARD Clay. Mary stops, looki up. A match flares as Clay lights a cigarette. O.s. there the SOUND of the bell mare's bell, the SOUND of horses mo restlessly. Mary turns, looks under the wagon.
29) 7) text: Clay. He looks down toward the wagon as Mary calls Elaine name again, this time louder.
29) 9) text: Clay frowns, pitches his cigarette away and starts down t the wagon.
29) 11) text: wagon. Clay stands with Mary at the wagon as Steve comes Helen is sitting up in bed, a comforter pulled around her
29) 13) dialog: What would she run off for?
29) 16) dialog: (sharp) Stay here. One woman wanderin' off's  enough.
29) 19) text: Clay picks up his saddle and bridle.
29) 20) dialog: (to Mary) Build the fire up and stick close to  it. Come on, Steve.
30) 0) text: Clay stops by the creek. Behind him the fire smoulders ne the wagon. Mary's shadowy figure can be seen climbing the knoll where Clay's bedroll is. Helen is near the fire.
30) 1) dialog: (annoyed) Look around. She can't have gone  far.
30) 2) text: Steve nods and splashes across the creek to follow the ro leading west. Clay starts toward the meadow where the hor graze.
32) 0) text: LONG SHOT - ANGLED PAST Mary. Mary stands on the knoll lo off. Far below, in the meadow, Clay saddles his horse.
33) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Clay swings into the saddle, and rides east. O Mary calls:
36) 0) text: FULL SHOT - Clay reins his horse in and turns to look off the direction from which the shot came. Faintly o.s. anot shot echoes across the hills, then another and another. C spurs his horse and gallops off.
37) 0) text: Clay gallops up the hill to rein his horse in suddenly.
37) 1) text: his ANGLE. Riding toward him are several horsemen. The ho move at a walk. One carries a double burden. Steve walks  along behind. Clay spurs his horse and rides down toward  them.
37) 2) text: Clay, in the B.g., comes down the hill. The horsemen, sev of them, with Sheriff Gardner in the lead, followed by a  deputy, carrying Elaine in front of him, file past camera Steve, hands in his pockets, walks dejectedly in the dust cloud kicked up by the horses.
37) 3) text: featuring Clay and Gardner. Clay reins in his horse besid Gardner, who also stops. The others rein in. Steve stops short distance away.
37) 5) text: Clay rides closer. The deputy rides forward and lifts Ela into his arms. Clay settles her in front of him.
37) 6) dialog: Who shot who?
37) 10) text: Clay shoves it in his saddle holster.
37) 12) dialog: I wouldn't know. Did you ask her?
37) 14) dialog: Look of things, she doesn't.
37) 16) text: He wheels his horse and rides off, followed by the others Clay watches him go. Reluctantly Steve moves slowly up to stand near Clay.
37) 18) dialog: (dryly) How'd you happen to miss?
37) 20) dialog: Good thing you didn't.
37) 23) text: Clay looks back.
37) 25) dialog: That's right, Steve.
37) 27) dialog: Sure. You'll find it under the wagon  seat. Like I said before, a twenty- two's more your size.
38) 1) text: Clay's party. Clay rides in the lead. The wagon follows a Steve is riding beside the wagon. Behind is the remuda, a the horses are straying off the road in search of grass.
38) 8) text: Clay. He turns in his saddle where he rides ahead of the  team. He notices Steve riding at Mary's side and reins in his horse.
38) 9) dialog: (mildly) Oh, Steve!
38) 10) text: Steve and Mary. Steve stops his letters. looks off. The w moves up to Clay and stops.
38) 11) dialog: Get back to the horses. They're  straggling.
38) 13) dialog: Yeah. While the horses wander all  over the country.
38) 15) dialog: (sternly) Do like I said.
38) 16) text: Steve wheels his horse and rides back. Mary looks over at Clay.
38) 18) dialog: (motioning) Are the horses stragglin' or aren't  they?
38) 20) dialog: His letters will keep.
38) 22) text: Steve is driving the horses back into the road. Clay ride up to help him. The horses fall in behind the wagon. Stev takes up his position in the rear. Clay rides over beside him.
38) 25) dialog: Steve -- I want you to learn to read.  I meant to teach you but I never  seemed to find time. I figured when  we got settled on the ranch we'd get  around to it.
38) 27) dialog: It's all right with me if she teaches  you, but I don't want you forgettin'  your job.
38) 29) text: One of the horses strays out of line and Clay rides out a gets the animal back in the road. Then he returns to Stev
38) 31) dialog: This isn't like other trips we've  taken. For one thing, we've got a  wagonload of women. For another  there's a guy wanderin' around hopin'  to put a bullet in my back.
38) 34) dialog: I guess I have. You were pretty little  when they locked him up. I don't  suppose you even remember that time  I was gone two months.
38) 36) dialog: (nods; then, after a  moment) You remember Jeff Rawson? -- We used  to go fishing and hunting with him  when you were so high.
38) 38) dialog: That's what I told you then. Only he  didn't. Lednov killed him.
38) 40) dialog: (nods) I caught up with Lednov in Nogales.  He didn't like the idea of comin'  back across the border but he came.  I turned him over to the sheriff and --  that's the story.
38) 42) dialog: Maybe I should. But I was never much  on killin'. Anyway, he moved too  quick and I just got him through the  shoulder. (glances off) Looks pretty peaceful up ahead.
38) 44) dialog: But you never can tell. Why don't  you get that new rifle out of the  wagon?
38) 46) dialog: And while you're there you might as  well find out what comes after K.
38) 51) text: rain -- the caravan. Clay leads it through a rain that ha filled the ruts in the trail, soaked the horses to gliste black -- and obscures all view of the country through whi they are passing. SOUND of rain falling is loud. Clay and Steve both wear slickers, gleaming from their shoulders t the rumps of their horses. Mary, a tarp around her should drives. Elaine and Helen huddle under a tarpaulin in the  wagon bed.
38) 54) text: rain -- Clay. He wheels his horse at the SOUND of Helen's voice and rides back through the rain toward the wagon.
38) 55) text: rain -- wagon. Mary pulls on the reins and the mules stop Twisting them around the whip-stock, she swings back into the wagon bed. She looks up at Clay.
38) 57) text: In her anxiety, her tone is accusing. Clay drops the rein climbs into the wagon and bends down beside Elaine. He pu his hand on her forehead.
38) 58) text: rain - DOWN ANGLE - featuring Clay and Mary.
38) 59) dialog: (dryly) Yes, Ma'am, she should...
38) 61) dialog: But the nearest shelter's the Wyatt  ranch and that's maybe five hours  away.
38) 63) dialog: (straightening) No, Ma'am, we can't. We can get a  roof and a fire and maybe Mrs. Wyatt  knows something about taking care of  sick people.
38) 64) text: rain. Clay vaults out of the wagon and mounts his horse.  Mary rises and climbs back into the seat. She lashes the  mules with the reins. The wagon jolts forward.
38) 65) text: rain - ANGLED ACROSS seat - (MOVING). Clay rides alongsid Then, without a word, he strips off his slicker, tosses i on the seat and rides off. Mary looks after him, then at slicker. She hesitates, not wanting to take favors from h Then she pulls the slicker around her. Taking the whip, s hits the mules. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS and CAMERA HOLDS. The team breaks into a trot. The cavalcade moves away from ca through drenching rain.
40) 0) text: LONG SHOT. Clay's cavalcade moves forward along the trail There are cloud patches overhead and faintly in the back  country thunder rumbles. The mules pull the jolting wagon forward in a slow trot. Clay rides ahead. Steve and the r follow.
45) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Here the trail starts down into the valley. Fr o.s. comes the SOUND of the cavalcade approaching. Clay r into the scene and stops on the hilltop to glance ahead.
45) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. A light can be seen ahead in the valley.
45) 2) text: Clay turns and rides back toward the wagon. The mules hav slowed to a walk in the climb up the hill.
45) 3) text: on wagon - (MOVING). Clay rides up alongside. Mary is hun forward on the seat.
45) 4) dialog: Only a little ways now -- maybe a  mile.
45) 6) dialog: How's she makin' out?
45) 8) text: Clay rides back toward the rear.
45) 9) dialog: (calling) Steve --
45) 11) text: The wagon reaches the crest of the hill. Mary hits the mu with the reins. The mules break into a trot. Behind, the  remuda comes into view. Clay sits his horse by the side o the trail and watches.
48) 0) text: LONG SHOT. Here the trail passes through a narrow draw, t climbs a small rise which overlooks the gate. Clay's cara jogs along the trail.
50) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. Clay gallops into the yard and swings out the saddle. The farmhouse is dark.
51) 0) text: ANGLED THROUGH window, PAST Wyatt. Clay opens the gate an hurries up the steps and across the porch.
52) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Clay raps on the door.
52) 1) dialog: Mr. Wyatt.
52) 3) dialog: Clay Phillips.
52) 4) text: The door opens. Wyatt comes out. He pumps Clay's hand.
52) 6) dialog: Three men on matched roans?
52) 9) dialog: The whole state's lookin' for 'em. (dryly) And they're lookin' for me.
52) 10) text: Mrs. Wyatt comes out to stand in the doorway. She shakes  Clay's hand.
52) 12) dialog: Maybe you won't feel that way after  I tell you what I stopped in for.
52) 14) text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Clay, Wyatt and Mrs. Wyatt in f.g. The wag is coming toward the yard followed by the remuda.
52) 15) dialog: I picked up some women on the road.
52) 16) text: Clay, Mrs. Wyatt and Wyatt. O.s. the wagon and horses can heard.
52) 18) dialog: But I'm going to have to leave 'em  here. They're --- well they're not  the sort of people you're used to.
52) 20) dialog: (lamely) And one of 'em is sick.
52) 22) text: She turns back into the kitchen. Clay looks after her, th hurries down the steps. Wyatt follows his wife inside.
55) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Mrs. Wyatt. Clay, carrying Elaine, bundled in blankets, comes forward. Wyatt has stopped just inside th kitchen. Mary and Helen follow Clay through the door.
55) 3) text: The Wyatts in the doorway. They recognize the girl. Wyatt expression hardens. Clay, carrying Elaine, pushes between them into the bedroom.
56) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Clay carries the girl to the bed and gently pu her down. Her eyes are closed. Slowly the Wyatts enter th room to stand close together staring at the girl on the b Clay suddenly realizes that something is wrong. He glance up. Elaine opens her eyes and looks up at her mother and  father.
56) 4) text: As Clay waits, Wyatt moves through the door unable to arg back.
57) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Mary and Helen stand close to the steve, looki anxiously toward the bedroom door as Clay and Wyatt come  out. Clay closes the door. Wyatt, dazed by the shock of s his daughter again, stands momentarily staring at the clo door. Then very slowly he turns and looks at Helen and Ma
57) 6) dialog: (sharp) Didn't you know she had a father and  mother out here?
57) 8) dialog: Hold on.
57) 10) dialog: It's a long walk back to Aspen.
58) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Wyatt in the f.g. stands by the horse trough. face is set, his expression hard, unyielding. Clay comes  across the yard past the wagon. Wyatt doesn't look at him Clay comes up.
58) 1) text: Clay and Wyatt. Clay takes the makings from his pocket, r a cigarette, lights it.
58) 2) dialog: I'm sorry about this, Mr. Wyatt. I  didn't know who she was.
58) 4) dialog: I can't take her with me.
58) 9) dialog: You're not bein' quite fair.
58) 11) text: Clay and Wyatt. Clay takes the making from his pocket, ro a cigarette, lights it.
58) 12) dialog: I'm sorry about this, Mr. Wyatt. I  didn't know you had a daughter.
58) 14) dialog: I can't take her with me.
58) 19) dialog: You're not bein' quite fair.
58) 24) text: wagon. Steve picks up a couple of valises and some blanke and heads for the house, still whistling. In the b.g. can heard the mutter of voices as Clay and Wyatt talk.
60) 0) text: MED. CLOSE. Steve stops on the porch. He is puzzled, worr He glances back then over toward the fence where Wyatt an Clay are talking. He shrugs and starts off toward the wag
63) 0) text: MED. SHOT as footsteps cross the porch and the screen doo creaks open. Clay enters the kitchen, carrying the girls' suitcases and some blankets. He nods to the girls, then g to the door leading to the other bedroom. There he stops.
63) 1) dialog: This will be your room until Mr.  Wyatt finds time to take you to the  nearest stage station.
64) 0) text: The room is lighted only by the moonlight. Mary and Helen are in the big four poster bed, close to the window. Clay footsteps are heard on the porch. The kitchen door closes softly. There is the rattle of a stove lid being lifted.
65) 0) text: Clay turns from the stove to the cupboard over the sink a takes down a coffee cup. The door into Elaine's bedroom i closed. The door into Mary's bedroom opens and Mary enter the kitchen. He turns back to the stove and fills his cup Mary comes up.
65) 1) dialog: Coffee?
65) 3) dialog: I hope so, too.
66) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Clay. Mary comes out. Clay sits on the bench the door, drinking his coffee.
66) 1) dialog: (quiet) If you're figuring on asking me to  take you, it's no use.
66) 4) text: Mary sighs, sits beside him. From the pocket of her robe takes tobacco, rolls a cigarette and lights it. She passe the tobacco to Clay. He rolls one.
66) 5) dialog: (on the defensive) I'm sorry, but that's how it's got  to be.
66) 7) dialog: And it's not only because the trip's  a tough one --
66) 10) dialog: I couldn't leave you sitting by the  road.
66) 17) dialog: (wary) Thanks.
66) 19) dialog: The who?
66) 21) text: Clay puts his cup down, looks up. She is very lovely stan in the moonlight, her body arched back, the robe open a  little.
66) 23) dialog: (enigmatic) Go on. Tell me more about her.
66) 25) dialog: (dryly) I'll make the soap myself.
66) 27) dialog: Will she be dark or fair?
66) 29) text: Straightening, she crosses the porch to pause momentarily close to Clay.
66) 31) text: She enters the house. Clay looks after her, smiling faint He knows she is up to something but not what.
68) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH window PAST Mary. The ear morning sun fills the yard. Steve is in the corral harnes the mules. Clay and Wyatt are taking Mary's and Helen's t out of the wagon.
68) 18) text: as she stops, apparently inspired by Mary's last remark. looks out into the yard where Clay is working on the wago
71) 0) text: ANGLED past Helen THROUGH window. Clay is crossing the ya toward the house.
72) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Helen turns from the window and walks hurriedl to the second bedroom door. Clay's footsteps cross the po Helen enters the bedroom and closes the door as Clay come in. Clay looks around, then seeing the open bedroom door, crosses to it.
73) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Clay in doorway. Mrs. Wyatt is holding the so girl in her arms. She looks over at Clay.
73) 1) dialog: Well, I'm off --
73) 4) dialog: (puzzled) What's the matter?
73) 7) text: Clay looks from one to the other, frowning. Elaine tries get out of bed. Her mother holds her.
73) 10) dialog: I can't --
73) 12) dialog: (sharp) No they won't.
74) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Helen stands on the porch in the sunlight. She glances back. Clay, his expression hard and angry comes o He doesn't look at Helen but stalks down the steps toward the wagon.
74) 6) text: Clay comes toward the wagon. Helen stands on the porch.
74) 9) text: Clay appears behind her. Mary turns and smiles.
74) 11) dialog: That's fine.
74) 13) text: He catches Clay's glance and his face falls.
74) 17) text: He pauses; Clay waits.
74) 19) dialog: Finished, son?
74) 21) text: Clay moves past them toward the corral. Mary looks after  him, then turning, motions to Helen. Helen starts toward wagon.
74) 22) text: Clay's horse stands saddled at the fence. He vaults into saddle, turns the horse.
74) 23) dialog: I'll round up the horses. Throw that  junk in the wagon.
76) 0) text: LONG SHOT - ANGLED WEST. The forest is fairly open, yello pine, lodgepole and fir. To the West can be seen the bald red granite domes of the higher range. O.s. there is the  SOUND of the cavalcade approaching. CAMERA PANS AROUND an ANGLES PAST. Toward camera, comes the cavalcade, climbing slowly. Far in the distance and down can be seen the wast of desert and the barren hills of Nevada. Clay, a rifle a his legs, is riding on one side of the wagon. Steve rides beside Mary, who is driving. The remuda trails behind. He lying in the wagon bed, cannot be seen.
76) 3) text: Clay glances over at his brother. Mary sees him watching. Their eyes meet. She smiles. He doesn't return the smile.
76) 21) text: ANGLED PAST Clay.
76) 22) dialog: Don't go arguing with your teacher.
76) 24) dialog: There's a lot of things I don't see  any sense to. But make up your mind.  Learn to read or -- (motioning) -- go back and watch the horses.
76) 26) text: ANGLED PAST Mary. Steve in the b.g. Mary looks after Clay puzzled, wondering. Then she looks over at Steve.
77) 0) text: Here the forest has thinned out. The trail climbs a rise, then drops down. Clay jogs along the trail, his rifle acr his knees. As he reaches the edge of the forest at the cr of the rise, he suddenly pulls his horse to a stop, swing around and rides back into the trees. Throwing the reins  over the horse's head, he swings out of the saddle and mo cautiously to the crest of the hill.
77) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. The trail leads down through open country t big meadow ringed with lodgepole pine, and across the mea to start climbing toward another, higher range of hills.  Three horsemen on roans, Lednov, Peters and McCall, are  crossing the meadow slowly.
77) 3) text: Clay, as he peers down. He cocks his rifle. The voices of Mary and Steve and the SOUND of the approaching wagon can heard o.s. Clay turns his head.
77) 5) text: Clay. He lowers his rifle, waves at them to stop and be q rises and hurries down the hill, CAMERA PANNING WITH him.
78) 3) text: Clay motions to Mary to stop as he hurries toward the wag Mary reins in the mules.
78) 4) dialog: We're staying here until dark. (motioning) Pull over to the woods. (to Steve) You put hobbles on the horses -- all  of 'em. Get goin'.
79) 0) text: LONG SHOT. Clay, in close foreground, stands, leaning on rifle. The sun has set and the valley below is in shadow. There is the silence of dusk. No wind stirs the trees. Th is some light outlining the high mountains -- treeless cr and domes and spires. Clay turns.
79) 1) text: Down the hill in the forest, is the wagon. Beyond it the  horses stand. Steve is stretched out on his stomach study his magazine. Helen is sitting on a tarp playing solitair Clay starts down the hill toward the camp.
79) 3) text: ANGLED DOWN PAST Clay. Mary lies on the carpet of pine  needles, her head pillowed on her arms, her dress pulled  taut across her chest. She is looking up through the tree at the fading sky.
79) 4) text: Clay stares down at Mary. She does not look at him. She i aware of his presence, but she doesn't show it. In the so light of dusk she is very lovely. Clay is conscious of he lovliness. He would like to drop down beside her.
79) 5) text: Mary. She turns her face to look at him. CAMERA ANGLE WID Clay stands above her, looking down. For a moment their e meet. Clay starts away. CAMERA HOLDS ON Mary.
79) 7) text: ANGLED PAST Mary, who rises slowly. Clay looks back,  hesitates, then crosses to where the horses are tethered starts saddling his mare. Mary moves down toward him thro the trees.
79) 8) text: Clay tightens the cinch. Mary moves up to stand beside hi
79) 10) dialog: It's too light yet.
79) 12) dialog: Better go on back and get some more  sleep. You'll need it later on.
79) 14) dialog: No, I'm not. All I want 'em to do is  keep ahead of us -- a long way ahead.  So I'm riding up the line aways to  pick us out a new trail.
79) 16) text: Mary, in the f.g., is staring after Clay. Helen is watchi her. Steve has risen and walks up behind her. He smiles a her.
80) 1) text: Clay rides into the shot, his rifle ready. The wagon foll Then the remuda with Steve bringing up the rear. Steve al holds his rifle ready. Both men are wary, watchful,  apprehensive.
82) 1) text: As the wagon comes abreast, Clay dismounts, loops the rei over the tail gate, then swings up into the seat, motioni for Mary to move over. He takes the reins, puts his rifle down in front of him.
82) 4) dialog: Not on this trail, I don't. I've  been over it before. Anyway, you  ought to be pretty sleepy. Why don't  you climb in back.
82) 8) dialog: (dryly) Did you ever care where you were  goin' or where you'd been?
82) 13) dialog: Why do you think?
82) 15) dialog: Oh, it did. It had a great deal to  do with you.
82) 18) text: Clay is busy with driving down the rough road. He speaks  without looking at her.
82) 19) dialog: You know so much about me -- figure  it out.
82) 26) dialog: You wouldn't do a thing like that,  would you?
82) 29) dialog: That's the West Walker. Take it easy  now.
82) 30) text: Clay swings down. The wagon moves past him. He frees his  horse, swings into the saddle and gallops down toward the canyon.
82) 32) text: The wagon moves down toward the river. Clay disappears in the canyon. Steve and the remuda follow the wagon.
83) 0) text: ANGLED TOWARD mouth of canyon. Clay rides along the trail his rifle at the ready. Now he moves warily, keeping a sh lookout. The canyon is dark, sinister.
83) 3) text: Clay. He rides around the bend in the trail. He hears  something. He reins the horse in. Some pebbles rattle dow the cliff. He looks up.
83) 4) text: The muzzle of a rifle is visible. Clay starts to bring hi gun up.
83) 6) text: Clay lets his rifle rest across his knees. He looks up.  Fowler, a well-set-up young man in jeans, blue shirt and  worn jacket and wearing a battered hat, moves into scene.
83) 7) text: Clay. He is wary, puzzled as to the man's identity. For a he knows it may be one of Lednov's men.
83) 8) text: Clay and Fowler.
83) 10) dialog: Followin' it. Any reason I shouldn't?
83) 11) text: SHOOTING PAST Fowler. Into view comes the wagon and the  remuda. Fowler lowers his rifle. He slides down the cliff stand beside Clay.
83) 12) text: Clay and Fowler.
83) 14) text: He extends his hand. Clay shakes it.
83) 15) dialog: Clay Phillips of Aspen. Been havin'  trouble?
83) 17) dialog: Neither do we. That's why we took  this trail instead of the main road,  and drove all night.
83) 19) text: He motions ahead, starts walking. Clay rides beside him.
85) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. A tarp is stretched over the camp. There a crude stone fireplace, a rough table and two benches.  Shelves are nailed between the trees. In a small lean-to  there is a bunk with Fowler's bedroll on it. Fowler stand watching Mary and Holen as they get out of the wagon. The horses sproad out across the meadow. Steve and Clay dismo Both unsaddle. Helen, Mary and Fowler exchange glances. T the two women walk toward the camp, which is behind a scr of trees.
85) 4) text: She goes off and across the meadow. Mary looks after her, shrugs and going to the fireplace, takes moss and twigs f the pile and puts them in. Clay, carrying saddle bags and canteens, enters.
85) 10) dialog: (upset) Just the grub box and bed rolls.
85) 11) text: Steve nods, smiles at both of them and goes out of scene. Clay and Mary face each other. Suddenly Clay swings aroun and goes out of shot after his brother.
85) 13) text: Clay and Steve. CAMERA MOVES AHEAD of them as they walk t the wagon. Steve has begun to whistle blithely. Clay look sideways at him. Steve whistles even louder. They stop at the wagon. CAMERA HOLDS. Steve climbs inside and hands do the grub box.
85) 15) text: Clay puts the grub box on the ground. Steve tosses out th bed rolls, then jumps out. He grins up at Clay.
85) 16) text: Clay, embarrassed, puts his hand on the boy's shoulder.
85) 17) dialog: When you get older you'll understand  things better. Like women and men.  Just because a man kisses a woman,  doesn't always mean -- well, he can  kiss her and not want to -- have her  around all the time.
85) 19) dialog: We got a lot to do, you and I. Gettin'  that ranch started and everything.  We've been getting along fine, all  these years. For a while I want to  keep it the way it is.
85) 20) text: Abruptly Clay turns and indicates the grub box. Steve wat him.
85) 21) dialog: Take that in and help her get  breakfast, will you?
85) 23) text: Clay in the f.g. In front of Clay stretches the meadow wi the river beyond. The horses are grazing in the meadow. F can be seen hurrying toward the aspens and alders that sc the river.
87) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT - DOWN ANGLE. Mary is asleep in the shade of a pine. She lies on a tarp using a folded blanket for a pil It is very quiet. She stirs, opens her eyes. Her expressi changes. A soft smile plays around her lips as CAMERA ANG WIDENS and we see Clay sitting near her, leaning against bole of a pine. He isn't looking at her. Mary watches him for a moment.
87) 2) text: Clay looks over at her. Then rising he moves closer, squa and rolls a cigarette. He holds it out. She licks it, the puts it in her mouth. Clay lights a match, holds it out. catches his hand and holds the flame to her cigarette.
87) 6) text: Clay doesn't answer.
87) 8) dialog: (quiet) Maybe it's better that way.
87) 10) text: She holds his hand, smiling up. Clay hesitates, then desi for her is more than he can bear, so he takes her in his  arms. They kiss, holding the kiss for a long while.
87) 13) dialog: What?
87) 15) text: For answer, Clay kisses her again -- hard, ruthlessly. Hi hands crush her shoulders. Mary holds the kiss for a mome then draws back, waiting for him to say the words she wan to hear. His hands pull her toward him. Mary wants the ki but she also wants a declaration of love. She makes one l try to get it.
87) 17) text: Clay's grip on her shoulders tightens. She searches his f with a glance -- stares into his eyes -- then pushes him  away and sits up.
87) 20) text: CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. Clay's expression hardens. He drops hands from her shoulders.
87) 21) dialog: What did you expect? Speeches I don't  mean?
87) 25) dialog: If it's pretty speeches you want,  you won't be hearing them. Even when  I mean 'em, they don't come easy.
87) 27) dialog: All right -- it's said!
87) 30) text: ANGLED PAST Clay. Below is the camp. Beyond the camp, thr the trees, stands the wagon and Steve is hitching up the  mules. Clay hesitates, then follows.
88) 0) text: MED. SHOT - Helen and Fowler in f.g. Helen sits at one si of the table, Fowler on the other. Helen holds the soft  leather poke. In the b.g. Mary approaches. Behind her com Clay.
88) 5) text: Clay enters the scene and goes over to pick up his saddle bags.
88) 15) text: Clay, saddle bags in hand, straightens. Mary directs the  rest of the speech at him.
88) 26) text: Clay moves up beside Mary.
88) 27) text: Clay, Mary and Fowler.
88) 28) dialog: (to Fowler) She's aimin' at me, but her aim's  bad. (to Mary) Want to know why I changed my mind  about bringing you? Because I talked  to Elaine -- because I was afraid to  leave you with decent people, that's  why. And you'll open your joint all  right. You wouldn't fit anywhere  else.
88) 30) dialog: Let's round up the horses.
88) 32) dialog: (sharp) Come on -- we don't want to keep the  people in Sonora waiting.
88) 38) text: Mary throws her arm off and moves after Clay and Steve. H looks at Fowler and shrugs.
88) 39) text: the wagon. As Mary hurries up to stand by the tail gate,  Clay and Steve, now mounted, spur their horses and start  across the meadow.
88) 41) text: Mary in f.g. The mulos stand in their traces, waiting. Ma makes up her mind what to do. Climbing into the bed, she  heaves out pack saddles, bed rolls, ropes, etc. Clay and  Stove can be seen in b.g. riding down toward where the ho graze.
88) 45) text: the meadow. Clay and Steve have almost reached the horses Steve turns.
88) 47) text: Clay swings around.
88) 49) text: ON Clay. He glances after Mary, then reins his horse arou and gallops after her, CAMERA PANNING WITH him.
89) 2) text: FROM Mary's ANGLE. Clay gallops around a bend in the trai
89) 3) text: Mary. She looks in Clay's direction, then turns and stare at the river.
89) 5) text: Clay gallops toward the river. Steve comes around the ben in the trail.
89) 6) text: the river. The mules flounder, start swimming. The curren catches the wagon. It starts drifting downstream. Mary wh the mules. They swim, the current pulls them. Then the wa goes over. Mary is thrown into the water. The mules kick  themselves free and swim to the other bank. Mary goes und comes up and starts swimming desperately. Clay rides into the SHOT. His mare hesitates at the bank. Clay spurs her she plunges in. Mary's belongings can be seen floating do the river.
89) 7) text: Clay swims his horse toward Mary who is floundering in th stream.
89) 9) text: Clay swims his horse to her, reaches down and lifts her u in front of him.
89) 10) text: Clay's horse, with the double burden, fights her way out the stream and scrambles up the bank to stop on level gro
89) 11) text: Clay and Mary. Clay, his expression anxious, stares down the stunned Mary. He swings out of the saddle, holding he tenderly to him. The brush with death has made him realiz how much she means to him. Gently, he puts her down on th sand, stoops beside her.
89) 12) text: Clay and Mary in f.g. Steve swims his horse across and ri up the bank to dismount near them.
89) 13) dialog: Mary --
89) 15) dialog: (anxiously) Are you all right?
89) 18) dialog: (nettlod at her tone) I suppose that's my fault.
89) 21) dialog: That's right -- worry about your  clothes --
89) 22) text: to include wagon in river. Clay, suddenly furious, points the wagon.
89) 23) dialog: What about my wagon. Of all the crazy  fool things to do. You lose a man's  wagon because you're stupid and then  yell about your clothes.
89) 26) text: Clay looks at Mary, then down at the money.
89) 28) dialog: (furious) There won't be any rest of the trip.  Over the hill is a stage road and  when we hit it you get dumped into  the first stage that comes along. So  keep your money. You'll need it for  the fare. I'm fed up with you. I was  fed up with you before we started.
89) 30) dialog: Don't just stand there. Go on back  and get the packs on the horses.  We've lost all the time we're going  to because of a woman.
89) 31) text: Clay strides over to his horse and swings into the saddle Steve stands looking at Mary.
89) 32) dialog: Come on. Didn't you hear me?
91) 0) text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. The long pine-covered approaches, and glistening summit; the early snow covering the rocks with thin layer of white. CAMERA PANS DOWN FROM the heights of the mountains, TO the narrow trail that winds among the t Clay passes, and behind him the pack-horses and the romud Following the remuda comes Mary. She is dressed in a pair Steve's pants and wears one of his shirts under her own c
91) 2) text: the trail. It turns steeply, doubling back, and new Clay directly above her. He looks down at her, but she disrega his glance. We feel that he might speak, but her cold  restraint prevents him. The wind whistles through the tre The slow plodding noise of the horses becomes more distan
104) 17) text: As the pain increases she blurts out Clay's name.
105) 1) text: DOWN ANGLE from Lednov's point of view. Far below is a me and crossing it is a wagon road. This is the road from  Yosemite to Sonora. The road comes down the hill to the s and, as the forest is open at this point, anything approa along the road can be seen for some distance. It crosses meadow and continues into the northwest. In the meadow is snake-rail corral. Clay's pack train comes out of the woo above the meadow and starts down.
105) 8) dialog: So am I and so are the horses.
106) 0) text: Clay leads the pack train out into the clearing and towar the road. A small creek threads its way through the meado Clay rides up to the creek and swings out of the saddle. is taking the saddle off as the others ride up.
106) 1) dialog: (to Steve) Take the packs off. And run the horses  into the corral.
106) 3) dialog: I said take the packs off.
106) 6) dialog: (gruffly) I figure we'll make better time,  letting the horses rest for a spell.
106) 8) dialog: So grab yourself some sleep while  you have the chance.
106) 10) dialog: Like I said, I was thinkin' of the  horses.
106) 15) text: Steve goes back and starts unpacking the horses. Mary loo off in Clay's direction, then stretches out and pillows h head on her arm. Now the sun is coming up and driving the darkness out of the meadow. In the distance Clay can be s climbing up on a rise.
106) 16) text: Clay. He climbs up on an eminence and looks back toward t hills.
106) 18) text: INTO the meadow. Steve has unpacked the horses. They graz inside the crude corral. Steve is collecting wood for a f Clay hurries down toward him.
106) 19) text: Steve squats beside the pile of needles, twigs and pine c He strikes a match and sets the needles aflame. Clay hurr into the scene and roughly kicks the fire out. Steve rise
106) 20) dialog: (angrily) If you want 'em to find us, why don't  you go up on the hill and wave your  shirt or fire your rifle.
106) 23) dialog: (short) You better start.
106) 24) text: Clay turns and goes over to where the packs lie. He kneel beside the pack, rummages in them for hardtack and tinned food. Steve looks after him.
106) 25) text: Steve. He is hurt and angry. Knowing he was in the wrong  about the fire doesn't help matters. He'd like to go off the woods and cry, but that's out of the question. Instea he follows Clay and stands above him.
106) 28) text: Clay speaks without looking up.
106) 29) dialog: (mildly) All right, I hurt your feelings. But  you know better than to go lightin'  fires.
106) 31) text: Clay spreads the food on a tarp, sits down and starts eat a hardtack.
106) 32) dialog: Maybe you're not hungry, but I am.
106) 34) dialog: Come on. We got a couple hours to  eat and get some sleep.
106) 36) dialog: Kind of feeling your oats this  morning. I haven't laid a hand on  you for quite a while, but that  doesn't mean you're too old.
106) 39) text: SHOOTING TOWARD Steve and Clay PAST Mary. She is asleep.
106) 41) text: Clay rises and stands facing Steve.
106) 43) dialog: Sit down and eat. Till I say the  word, you're doing what you're told.
106) 45) dialog: You keep your nose out of my life,  young fella.
106) 48) dialog: I said keep your nose out of my life.  No kid is going to tell me how to  run it.
106) 55) text: Clay is ashamed but won't show it. He puts his hand on St shoulder and pushes him.
106) 56) dialog: Shut up and eat.
106) 57) text: Steve swings for his chin. Clay ducks the blow, grabs Ste wrist. Steve swings with his left, hitting Clay ineffectu Clay pins Steve's arms to his side.
106) 59) text: She walks toward them as Clay releases Steve and steps ba Steve puts his hands up, making ready for another round.
106) 61) dialog: (to Steve) I'm sorry.
106) 66) text: She motions off. Clay is suddenly aware of the approachin stage. He looks in that direction.
106) 69) dialog: It's going to Sonora.
106) 71) text: She turns and starts going through the kyacks, looking fo her things. Clay frowns down at her.
106) 73) text: Mary's attention is on the kyacks. From where Clay stands near her he can see the trail leading down through open  country toward the meadow.
106) 74) dialog: I said a lot of things -- some of  'em --
108) 1) text: Clay. He looks up anxiously, then turns. CAMERA ANGLE WID to include Mary and she straightens and faces him, her ba to the trail.
108) 3) dialog: (sharply) I can't help how I think. You're  trained a certain way when you're a  kid and you can't change.
108) 5) dialog: If you're gonna catch this stage,  come on.
108) 6) text: The stage has speeded up and is coming fast down the road Mary looks up at Clay hurt and shocked by his sudden  sharpness. She had hoped he wouldn't let her go.
108) 8) dialog: Hurry up.
108) 12) dialog: Maybe they will.
108) 14) text: The driver sees Clay waving and pulls the horses in. The  stage moves down to the edge of the meadow.
108) 16) dialog: Mind giving a lady a lift into town?
108) 18) text: He jumps out of the stage and follows Clay, carrying Mary belongings, around back of the stage. Mary gets into the  stage beside the woman who moves over for her.
108) 19) text: on back of stage. The driver opens the boot and Clay hand him Mary's belongings. He starts stowing them in the boot
108) 20) dialog: Will you be seeing the sheriff?
108) 22) text: Clay starts scribbling a note. In the b.g. Steve has move up beside the stage. He stands looking up at Mary.
108) 29) text: Clay and the driver come around the stage. Steve steps ba The driver climbs into the seat. Clay and Mary look at ea other.
108) 31) dialog: Goodbye, Mary.
108) 33) text: Before Clay can speak, the driver snaps his whip and the  stage jerks away down the road. Mary doesn't look back. C in f.g., looks after it. Dust rises. It disappears around bend in the road. Clay turns and starts across the meadow Steve looks after Clay, hesitates, then follows.
108) 34) text: as Clay reaches the spot where the kyacks and saddles are thrown. Steve comes up to him.
108) 36) dialog: I don't care what she asked you.
108) 38) text: Clay is looking off, hardly listening.
108) 40) dialog: (sharply) You want to split up? --
108) 41) text: Clay's eyes are narrow, peering toward:
109) 0) text: LONG SHOT (Clay's ANGLE) of the shadowed slope. Something moves, indistinct, and then the sun catches a gun barrel it disappears.
109) 1) text: Clay and Steve as Clay turns sharply.
109) 2) dialog: -- Why wait? Go on, saddle up now  and beat it.
109) 5) dialog: (hard) You'll get your share. Go on. I don't  want you around.
109) 6) text: Turning, he crosses to where Steve's horse stands. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. He loads the horse back, throws a blanket a saddle on and cinches up the saddle. Steve watches, angry and hurt. Clay steps back.
109) 7) dialog: There you are.
109) 9) text: He glances down to Clay and digs his spurs in and gallops after the stage. Clay's stern expression leaves his face. looks after the boy, smiles softly and then starts carryi the pack-saddle into the shelter of the forest.
111) 0) text: LONG SHOT - Steve's ANGLE. Clay is carrying the belonging into the shelter of the forest. CAMERA PANS OVER and UP.  Momentarily a horseman is seen riding into an open space.
112) 0) text: MED. SHOT - Steve gallops across the meadow to the corral swings off and starts unsaddling. Clay is inside the fore lighting the fire.
112) 1) text: Clay. He looks over toward Steve, then rises and hurries  toward him.
112) 2) text: Clay and Steve. Steve takes down the bars and puts the ho in the corral. Clay comes up to him as he's putting the b back up.
112) 3) dialog: What did you come back for?
112) 6) dialog: (softly) Is that the only reason you came  back?
112) 8) dialog: (smiling) I just wondered. Let's go.
113) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN ANGLE. Above the pines smoke rises. The  horses graze inside the corral. In the shadowy forest by creek, Clay's camp can be seen. A tarp has been stretched over the camp. Lednov moves into the right hand side of t frame and looks down.
114) 0) text: LONG SHOT SHOOTING PAST Clay and along his rifle. Clay, h behind a wall of rock, is watching the trail where it com down into the meadow. Something moves on the rocky hill a and to his left. He looks up, waiting. The movement stops Clay glances around.
114) 1) text: Below Clay, Steve lies in a cut in the rocks, watching th camp. Clay motions toward the hill. Steve nods.
115) 0) text: PAN SHOT - FROM Clay's ANGLE. CAMERA, SHOOTING THROUGH th rifle sights, SEARCHES the forest and meadow. As a flight birds suddenly rises above a section of the forest, the C HOLDS.
116) 10) text: McCall moves off to circle around in back of where Clay a Steve wait. Lednov watches him go then, moving to the she of the rocks, waits.
117) 0) text: LONG SHOT - Clay's ANGLE. The forest is silent. Then,  momentarily, Peters is in the open. Clay brings his rifle up, trying to get him in the sights. Wheeler disappears.
119) 0) text: LONG SHOT - PAST Clay. Clay has Peters in his sights. He  fires.
120) 0) text: MED. CLOSE - Clay. Clay throws the empty cartridge out an another in. O.s. there is a SHOT. A bullet hits near him. Clay looks off in the direction where Lednov is waiting o the hill west of the camp. Another SHOT is heard. A bulle smacks into the rock close to Clay. It comes from McCall' position southwest of the camp. Clay ducks.
121) 0) text: LONG SHOT - Lednov's ANGLE. Lednov is trying to get Clay his sights. He fires as Clay is seen momentarily.
122) 0) text: LONG SHOT - McCall's ANGLE. McCall fires at Clay.
123) 0) text: Clay and Steve crawl down and away from Lednov and McCall positions. Steve grins at Clay. He is enjoying this.
123) 1) dialog: (quietly) Stick here.
125) 0) text: MED. CLOSE. Clay stands still. The forest is silent again
126) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT. Lednov, sheltered by a tree, has his rifl trained on Clay's position.
127) 0) text: MOVING SHOT. Clay, walking cautiously, climbs toward McCa position. Ahead is an open area. Stooping, Clay picks up rock and draws back his arm to throw it.
128) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT - ANGLED TOWARD open area below. The stone thrown by Clay, crashes in the brush across the open area McCall fires.
129) 0) text: UP ANGLE PAST Clay. The flash of sunlight on McCall's rif attracts Clay's attention. He fires. From behind him, Ste fires. Clay runs across the open area. Steve fires again.
130) 0) text: MED. SHOT. McCall tries to struggle to his feet. Failing, brings his rifle up. Clay in b.g. runs to the shelter of tree. McCall fires. Clay's rifle barrel emerges from behi tree. McCall tries to drag himself to safety. Clay fires. McCall goes down on his face. From Lednov's position come the SOUND of a shot.
130) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. CAMERA SEARCHES Lednov's position for some  movement. There is none.
131) 2) text: His voice echoes again and again. Clay's answer is a shot It cuts the branches above Lednov's head.
131) 7) text: Clay. He stares down at the horses. A shot is heard.
133) 3) text: Clay. He starts forward, face set with rage.
133) 5) text: Recklessly Clay raises his rifle and fires three shots at Lednov's position.
134) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT as Clay fires, Steve starts running down. crosses the creek.
135) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN. Lednov sees Steve running. He swings hi rifle away from the horses and tries to get the boy in hi sights. Clay fires again. A bullet smacks into the tree.  Lednov flinches. Then again he tries to center on Steve.
137) 2) text: The meadow, ANGLED PAST Clay. The horses scatter across t meadow.
137) 3) text: Clay, now the hunter, moves toward Lednov's position. Led fires. Clay runs and jumps into the creek. Sheltered by t bank he makes his way up the creek.
137) 5) text: his ANGLE. A light wind runs through the great trees. Sha of light filter through the trees, making patterns on the forest floor. The light is dim, deceptive. Lednov, rifle  ready, searches for some sign of Clay. Then from another  direction comes the SOUND of movement. Lednov swings his  rifle in that direction, waits. The SOUND has stopped.
137) 7) text: His voice echoes across the hills. Lednov sights along hi rifle at the direction from which the SOUND of Clay's voi came. Momentarily Clay is seen as he runs from one tree t another. Lednov fires.
137) 8) text: Clay. Clay cautiously edges around the base of a tree. He picks up a stick, stops.
137) 9) dialog: Come on out.
137) 12) text: As his voice echoes across the hills Clay quickly moves i the open and fires.
138) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Steve sits propped up against the fence rail. shirt is off and his shoulder is crudely bandaged. Clay, has been putting the bandage on, stands and takes a sack tobacco from his pocket.
138) 1) dialog: (rolling cigarette) How's that?
138) 3) dialog: You'll live.
138) 5) dialog: Yeah -- but don't make a habit of  it.
138) 7) dialog: (stares down at him,  then) I guess so -- but don't make a habit  of it.
138) 9) text: Clay looks at him for a moment, not angry, but not admitt he's wrong yet.
140) 0) text: FULL SHOT - featuring hotel and doctor's office. The sher posse, the bodies of Lednov, McCall and Wheeler slung acr the backs of horses, and Clay's remuda, trot down the str People come out of the hotel to watch the cavalcade pass. Clay and Steve are not with the posse. Clay's horse is  tethered in front of the doctor's office which is next do to the hotel.
141) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH window. Clay, back to camera, holding a kerosine lamp. The doctor, a lanky, middle-aged man, is working over Steve, who is stretched out on a tab
142) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Shelves filled with bottles line the room, for the doctor is also the druggist. There is a glass cabinet which are the doctor's instruments. The room is cluttered The lamp, held by Clay, throws a circle of pale light dow on Steve. The doctor is working on Steve's shoulder and a
142) 4) text: Footsteps are HEARD approaching. Clay tries to steady his shaking hand. He is focusing his attention on a far wall. woman's hand comes in the scene and takes the lamp from h He reacts. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Mary, who has move in beside him.
142) 14) text: Clay and Mary. UP ANGLE PAST lamp.
142) 15) dialog: Thanks for taking over.
142) 17) dialog: Like I said, women get in the way  sometimes.
142) 22) text: As Clay lifts Steve to the cot the doctor exits. Mary wat Clay cover Steve. Then she goes to the door leading to th street, stops with her hand on the knob.
142) 26) text: Clay straightens and turns.
142) 27) dialog: Where you going?
143) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Mary starts to close the door behind her. Clay forces it open. Clay comes out. Mary starts toward the st
143) 1) dialog: Mary.
143) 2) text: Mary stops at the edge of the porch. Clay comes up beside her.
143) 4) dialog: That job you were talkin' about, did  you get it yet?
143) 6) dialog: (haltingly) Because... well, you said you wanted  a man to think enough of you to walk  in the place you were working and  take you out of there... tonight I  was sort of tied up with Steve...  but tomorrow I figured on doing just  that.
143) 10) text: For answer, Clay takes her in his arms.
144) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Steve on cot. In the b.g. through the open  doorway, Clay and Mary kiss. Steve watches a moment, then turns his head toward camera. He smiles and closes his ey
145) 0) text: TWO SHOT - Mary and Clay. They break from the kiss. Clay  looks down at Mary.
145) 1) dialog: (softly) Is there any place in town a man  could buy some gingham?