10) 1) text: There are four women in the two-seated surrey, which is  heavily loaded with trunks, hatboxes, etc. Mary Wells, th loveliest of the four, is driving. She is more poised, mo self-assured than the others. Her clothes, though a trifl showy, are attractive. She wears a large spectacular hat. Helen Carter, showier, harder and more cynical, sits besi her. In the seat behind are Marcia Paine, placid, younger looking than her years, and Elaine Ross, a striking blond with a pale haunted face. Elaine is obviously ill. Mary i riding the brake and holding the team back.
10) 18) text: Elaine leans back against the cushions and shakes her hea
10) 19) dialog: (flat) What's the difference if we fall in  the canyon.
10) 25) text: Mary isn't listening. She is looking at the road. Elaine  closes her eyes. Helen and Marcia scurry back out of the  way.
10) 35) text: The women exchange glances. Elaine is sitting up, her eye open.
10) 37) dialog: (bitterly) Back to what?
20) 11) text: on surrey. The back wheel is broken and the bed of the su rests on the ground. The horses have been taken from the  traces and stand dejectedly in the hot sun. A blanket is  spread in the scant shade thrown by the surrey. On it lie Elaine and, sitting beside her, is Marcia. A damp cloth i spread across Elaine's forehead. A water bag hangs from t surrey. Elaine's head is pillowed on a dainty satin cushi Helen and Mary have risen at Clay's approach and now stan by the road.
20) 16) text: Clay bends over Elaine.
20) 19) text: Clay turns from Elaine and gives his attention to the sur
20) 67) text: She starts around the surrey. Helen follows. Clay bends over Elaine.
20) 70) text: As Clay turns from Elaine, Marcia joins the other two, th attention on Clay and the surrey. Left alone, Elaine is  suddenly alert and no longer sick. She glances around, th unobserved slides out from under the shade of the surrey.
20) 71) text: on rear of surrey. In the B.g. Steve pulls the wagon to a stop, jumps off, and comes running over. Elaine stands fo moment, searching the ground with her eyes.
20) 73) text: Helen moves toward Clay. She smiles without humor. With t new diversion, Elaine, still unnoticed, starts away -- ba toward where they dropped the trunk.
20) 76) dialog: (half-turns without  stopping) I -- lost something.
20) 78) text: Elaine stops now and turns as Clay takes the folding  daguerrotype case from his pocket. Elaine, her eyes wide frightened, starts back as Mary takes the case from Clay opens it.
20) 80) dialog: (frantic) Give it to me!
20) 83) text: Elaine glances at him as though he had insulted her, turn and starts toward the blanket again.
20) 85) text: She looks at him to see if the name registers. At the sur side, Elaine is abruptly weak again. She leans against it for support. Mareia moves to her as she slides back down the blanket, clutching the case.
20) 90) text: Mary and Helen come around the end of the surrey to where Elaine lies. Mary bends beside the sick girl and lifts th cloth from the girl's forehead.
20) 94) text: Assisted by Mary, Elaine gets to her feet. Mary puts her around her.
20) 96) text: Elaine stops. She looks fearfully up at Helen.
20) 97) dialog: What ranch?
20) 100) dialog: (fierce) Ask him what ranch --
20) 103) text: on wagon. Clay, in the wagon bed, is stowing his gear in back. Mary, supporting Elaine, reaches the wagon. Seeing girls, Clay reaches down and gently lifts Elaine up. Mary climbs in beside him.
20) 106) dialog: (desperate) Which ranch?
20) 112) text: Elaine as she hears the name. She is shocked.
21) 1) text: Marcia and Elaine. PROCESS. Marcia sits in the bed of the wagon looking back. Elaine lies under the seat.
22) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Long shadows of the hills lie on the grassy me along the stream that is bordered by cottonwoods and will A knoll overlooks the camp site. The caravan can be seen it halts in the lush grass a few yards from the stream. T girls sit lifelessly on the wagon; they seem too tired to dismount. Then, finally, Marcia helps Elaine to climb sti down. With the exception of Mary they all let themselves  down in the grass. Mary walks to the head of the team and starts fumbling with the harness. Steve comes into the sc dismounts quickly and pulls the saddle off his horse. The remuda has fanned out, the horses moving toward the water Steve crosses to Mary and takes over the job of unbucklin the harness. Mary smiles gratefully and rubs her hand acr her face.
23) 2) text: the camp. As Clay approaches. Steve squats by the fire. H has spread out a tarp in the circle of firelight and Mary setting the tin plates, cups, etc., out. Elaine, a blanke around her, sits near the fire. She looks tired and ill.  Marcia and Helen are struggling with bed-making under the wagon.
26) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED BACK ALONG the trail. Mary and Helen,  tense and worried, stand at the edge of the camp, looking off. Marcia is with Elaine under the wagon. From o.s. com the SOUND of men's voices. Clay, Steve and Clayton, leadi his horse, come into view.
29) 1) text: Elaine is gone. Helen is asleep. Mary drops to her knees the tarp and shakes Helen in wakefulness.
29) 3) text: Helen sits up and looks over at Elaine's side of the bed.
29) 7) text: Clay. He looks down toward the wagon as Mary calls Elaine name again, this time louder.
31) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Steve moves slowly along the road away from ca He is scanning the dust for Elaine's footprints.
35) 0) text: Steve crashes through the brush into the wash, to stop be Elaine who sits with her head buried in her arms, sobbing
35) 1) text: Steve and Elaine. Steve drops on his knees beside her. El doesn't look up. Steve shakes her.
35) 3) text: Elaine doesn't move.
35) 5) dialog: I don't care.
35) 7) dialog: (sharp) I said I didn't care.
35) 11) dialog: (hysterical) Don't ask me because I won't tell  you! I won't tell anybody! Go away!
35) 13) dialog: (dully) I'm sorry. Let's go.
35) 16) text: Steve, holding Elaine's arm, scrambles up the bank and th the brush.
35) 22) text: Steve and Elaine.
37) 2) text: Clay, in the B.g., comes down the hill. The horsemen, sev of them, with Sheriff Gardner in the lead, followed by a  deputy, carrying Elaine in front of him, file past camera Steve, hands in his pockets, walks dejectedly in the dust cloud kicked up by the horses.
38) 2) text: wagon - (MOVING). Featuring Steve and Mary. Elaine lies u the seat and Helen sits beside her. Steve is reciting the alphabet to a simple melody usually sung by children of s or seven.
38) 51) text: rain -- the caravan. Clay leads it through a rain that ha filled the ruts in the trail, soaked the horses to gliste black -- and obscures all view of the country through whi they are passing. SOUND of rain falling is loud. Clay and Steve both wear slickers, gleaming from their shoulders t the rumps of their horses. Mary, a tarp around her should drives. Elaine and Helen huddle under a tarpaulin in the  wagon bed.
38) 52) text: rain -- DOWN ANGLE -- wagon moving. Elaine sits up and, i her delirium, throws off the tarp. Helen tries to pull he down.
38) 57) text: In her anxiety, her tone is accusing. Clay drops the rein climbs into the wagon and bends down beside Elaine. He pu his hand on her forehead.
45) 5) text: He glances down into the wagon bed where Helen is sitting Elaine.
55) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Mrs. Wyatt. Clay, carrying Elaine, bundled in blankets, comes forward. Wyatt has stopped just inside th kitchen. Mary and Helen follow Clay through the door.
55) 3) text: The Wyatts in the doorway. They recognize the girl. Wyatt expression hardens. Clay, carrying Elaine, pushes between them into the bedroom.
56) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Clay carries the girl to the bed and gently pu her down. Her eyes are closed. Slowly the Wyatts enter th room to stand close together staring at the girl on the b Clay suddenly realizes that something is wrong. He glance up. Elaine opens her eyes and looks up at her mother and  father.
62) 0) text: MED. SHOT as Wyatt stops, looking at Elaine, resting back against the pillow, seeming very young in the nightgown. a moment it is difficult to know what is in Wyatt's mind. Then he sees the twin tintypes. CAMERA MOVES TOWARD Wyatt face as tears come to his eyes.
65) 0) text: Clay turns from the stove to the cupboard over the sink a takes down a coffee cup. The door into Elaine's bedroom i closed. The door into Mary's bedroom opens and Mary enter the kitchen. He turns back to the stove and fills his cup Mary comes up.
68) 19) text: SHOOTING TOWARD Elaine's bedroom door. Helen crosses to M
68) 27) text: Mary smiles at her, shrugs and exits. Helen looks after h Mary's footsteps are heard going down the steps. Then Hel swings around and going to Elaine's door, opens it.
69) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Elaine is sitting up in bed. There is a small  table by the bed and on it is a breakfast tray. Mrs. Wyat sits by the bed. Elaine looks happy for the first time. M Wyatt is holding a cup to her lips. Helen enters and clos the door.
69) 8) text: She closes the door behind Mrs. Wyatt and comes back, sit on the edge of the bed and holds the cup to Elaine's lips
69) 10) text: Elaine tries not to show her panic at this suggestion.
69) 11) dialog: Helen -- why don't you and Mary go  on with Clay?
69) 13) dialog: Of course I do -- but it'd be better  for you -- and the house is kind of  small --
69) 15) dialog: It isn't that --
69) 17) dialog: But I want to stay.
69) 19) text: Elaine pushes the cup away, sits up straighter.
69) 20) dialog: (distraught) I'm not going anywhere. I'm staying  here where I belong.
69) 22) dialog: (sobbing) Stop it -- stop it.
69) 24) text: Elaine buries her head in the pillow.
69) 25) dialog: Go away -- please.
69) 27) text: Elaine sits up and grabs Helen's arm.
69) 28) dialog: (fiercely) She mustn't -- don't you let her --
69) 30) dialog: (wildly) If she says anything to them I'll  kill her.
69) 32) dialog: (sobbing) I don't want to leave you, ever.
73) 5) text: Hearing his voice, Elaine lifts her head from her mother' shoulder.
73) 6) dialog: Don't let them stay here, Mr.  Phillips. They'll spoil everything.
73) 7) text: Clay looks from one to the other, frowning. Elaine tries get out of bed. Her mother holds her.
73) 8) dialog: (wildly) Take them with you -- Mary's going  to talk to dad -- she's going to  keep talking and talking to me until  maybe I won't want to stay here --
73) 11) dialog: You've got to -- don't you understand --  they want me with them and they'll  fix it so I have to go --
73) 13) text: Turning, he exits. Mrs. Wyatt holds Elaine close.