83) 6) text: Clay lets his rifle rest across his knees. He looks up.  Fowler, a well-set-up young man in jeans, blue shirt and  worn jacket and wearing a battered hat, moves into scene.
83) 8) text: Clay and Fowler.
83) 9) dialog: What are you doin' on this trail?
83) 11) text: SHOOTING PAST Fowler. Into view comes the wagon and the  remuda. Fowler lowers his rifle. He slides down the cliff stand beside Clay.
83) 12) text: Clay and Fowler.
83) 13) dialog: My name's Fowler. I'm camped up a  ways.
83) 16) dialog: Nope. But I don't want any.
83) 18) dialog: You're welcome to use my camp.
84) 0) text: FULL SHOT. The river is beyond the meadow. In the pine fo at the edge of the meadow is Fowler's camp. The cavalcade driving up to the camp. There are two horses tethered in meadow.
85) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. A tarp is stretched over the camp. There a crude stone fireplace, a rough table and two benches.  Shelves are nailed between the trees. In a small lean-to  there is a bunk with Fowler's bedroll on it. Fowler stand watching Mary and Holen as they get out of the wagon. The horses sproad out across the meadow. Steve and Clay dismo Both unsaddle. Helen, Mary and Fowler exchange glances. T the two women walk toward the camp, which is behind a scr of trees.
86) 4) text: Fowler and Helen. They stare at each other.
86) 5) dialog: (curt) You got no business snoopin' around --
86) 7) text: She glances from Fowler to the cradle.
86) 9) dialog: (flustered) No. But it's mine and I didn't want  anyone foolin' with it.
86) 12) dialog: Just a thing I was workin' on.
86) 14) text: When Fowler doesn't explain she moves on down the bank an sits on the sand.
86) 15) dialog: Go on. Take your bath. I'll beat it.
86) 17) text: Fowler comes over and sits down beside her. He takes [a]  sack of tobacco and papers from his pocket. She reaches f them. He watches her wide-eyed as she rolls a cigarette. holds a match for her.
86) 20) dialog: That sure smells good.
86) 22) dialog: Up here in the hills, a man gets a  hankering to smell powder.
86) 26) text: Fowler hesitates. Helen hands him back the powder box as  matter-of-factly as she took it. He accepts it gratefully again putting it to his nose. Now he looks up at her,  regarding her calculatingly for a moment or two. Their ey meet.
86) 27) dialog: I guess you can keep a secret. That's  a gold rocker. I'm doin' a little  placer mining in a place nobody ever  thought to look for gold before.
86) 29) dialog: Look at her -- see her shine. One  week's work.
86) 30) text: Helen still struggles with the thong. He takes the poke,  pulls it open, pouring grains of gold into his palm. Hele looks at the shining heap in his hand. Then she takes the poke and pours some of the grains in her own palm. She lo down at it. Her expression is calculating. She looks up a Fowler and then the hard look goes away. She gives him a  soft smile.
88) 0) text: MED. SHOT - Helen and Fowler in f.g. Helen sits at one si of the table, Fowler on the other. Helen holds the soft  leather poke. In the b.g. Mary approaches. Behind her com Clay.
88) 2) dialog: Plenty more. (motioning) And somewhere up there's the lode,  the rock rotten with it.
88) 8) text: She reaches over and pats Fowler's hand.
88) 10) text: Mary looks from Helen to Fowler.
88) 11) dialog: (shyly) I figure we'll get along just fine.
88) 21) dialog: (the master) That's it. She's staying with me --  for keeps.
88) 22) text: Steve has entered the camp and is standing looking at the open-mouthed. Mary moves over to Fowler and holds out her hand.
88) 24) dialog: Thanks.
88) 27) text: Clay, Mary and Fowler.
88) 35) text: Mary, Fowler and Helen. Helen is staring at Mary. She cro to her and puts her arm around her shoulders.
88) 38) text: Mary throws her arm off and moves after Clay and Steve. H looks at Fowler and shrugs.
88) 42) text: ANGLED TOWARD camp. Into the scene come pack saddles, bed rolls. Helen and Fowler, in b.g., walk toward the wagon.
88) 43) text: wagon. Mary straightens, looks off, then climbs into the  seat and picks up the reins and the whip. She lashes the  mules with the whip. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. The mules jump gallop off. Fowler and Helen come into the scene.
92) 1) text: their ANGLE. Fowler's campfire flickers through the trees
92) 2) text: the three men. They look at each other. Lednov motions in the direction of Fowler's camp. They start back along the trail.
94) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Fowler is putting the supper dishes up on the  shelves beside the fireplace. The camp is cleaner than it was earlier in the day. It is evident that he has gone to great pains to make his visitor comfortable. A mirror has been tacked up on a tree, and under it is a  wash basin. Fowler's rifle and shotgun are in a rack near the fireplace. Helen's trunk stands open near the lean-to Helen, wearing a robe, takes some clothing from it, close the trunk.
94) 2) text: Fowler turns and smiles. Helen pushes through the curtain into the lean-to. Fowler puts the last of the dishes on t shelf, crosses to the trunk and moves it over to the side the lean-to. Turning to go back to the fireplace, he stop
94) 3) text: Fowler in the f.g. Lednov, rifle in hand, stands just ins the camp on the meadow side.
94) 4) dialog: (turning slowly) What do you want?
94) 5) text: Lednov moves slowly forward to stand near the table. He l around him. Fowler starts slowly toward the fireplace.
94) 7) dialog: Well, say it.
94) 8) text: Trying to be casual, Fowler moves closer to where the gun are racked.
94) 10) dialog: Yes, people make me restless.
94) 12) dialog: There aren't any women here.
94) 14) dialog: Some people who went by this way  lost it. (nervously) Two men and some women. They packed  their stuff on horses and went on.
94) 16) dialog: Yeah.
94) 19) dialog: Go ahead.
94) 20) text: Lednov pulls back the flap. His back is to Fowler, who st quickly for the tree, only to stop as McCall comes out fr behind it.
94) 22) text: Fowler drops his hands to his side. Lednov turns, grins a Fowler, and enters the lean-to.
96) 0) text: Lednov comes out of the lean-to. Fowler is sprawled by th table. McCall stands over him, rifle raised.
98) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Fowler pulls himself to his feet. Mac stands n him.
98) 2) text: Fowler sinks on a bench, his head in his hands. Lednov mo closer.
98) 4) dialog: They went on like I told you.
99) 2) dialog: Five, six hours.
102) 0) text: MED. SHOT. From o.s. comes the SOUND of Helen and Peters  struggling. Fowler, hearing the SOUND, gets to his feet.  Lednov and McCall turn on him.
104) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Fowler makes a futile dive for Lednov. McC swings his rifle. Fowler goes down. In the b.g. Peters dr the struggling Helen around the lean-to into the camp.
104) 4) text: McCall has taken his attention from Fowler and gives it t Helen. Unnoticed now, Fowler is struggling back to  consciousness. He tries to pull himself up. McCall turns  back and kicks him again.
104) 6) text: She rakes Peters' face with her fingernails, tries to fig free. Lednov reaches out and grabs her arm. Peters knocks his arm down. Free for the moment, Helen launches an atta on McCall, who is getting ready to boot Fowler again. She on him like a cat, swarming all over him. He defends hims Helen is yelling furiously as she fights McCall.
104) 24) text: He hurls her from him. She goes back against the table. F is trying to struggle to his feet. In blind rage, Lednov  raises his gun and fires. Fowler crumples. Helen looks do too horrified and terrified to scream. Lednov looks at he then almost casually he shoots her. McCall and Peters sta watching as though frozen.