10) 1) text: There are four women in the two-seated surrey, which is  heavily loaded with trunks, hatboxes, etc. Mary Wells, th loveliest of the four, is driving. She is more poised, mo self-assured than the others. Her clothes, though a trifl showy, are attractive. She wears a large spectacular hat. Helen Carter, showier, harder and more cynical, sits besi her. In the seat behind are Marcia Paine, placid, younger looking than her years, and Elaine Ross, a striking blond with a pale haunted face. Elaine is obviously ill. Mary i riding the brake and holding the team back.
10) 11) dialog: She's a little out of practice.
10) 15) dialog: (getting up) I'm slidin' all the way over.
10) 21) text: Helen is out on the road now. Mary has moved over and Gra picks up the reins. Marcia gives up and jumps out.
10) 25) text: Mary isn't listening. She is looking at the road. Elaine  closes her eyes. Helen and Marcia scurry back out of the  way.
10) 28) text: featuring buckboard. Helen and Marcia start along the roa past the buckboard. Helen stops and looks at its cargo in horror. She grabs Marcia's arm. The girls look at each ot and hurry after the surrey which has stopped below the  buckboard.
10) 32) text: Helen and Marcia hurry up. Marcia motions back.
10) 39) text: As Mary speaks, Helen pushes Marcia into the surrey and c up beside Mary.
20) 11) text: on surrey. The back wheel is broken and the bed of the su rests on the ground. The horses have been taken from the  traces and stand dejectedly in the hot sun. A blanket is  spread in the scant shade thrown by the surrey. On it lie Elaine and, sitting beside her, is Marcia. A damp cloth i spread across Elaine's forehead. A water bag hangs from t surrey. Elaine's head is pillowed on a dainty satin cushi Helen and Mary have risen at Clay's approach and now stan by the road.
20) 22) text: Helen moves toward Clay. She miles without humor.
20) 23) dialog: (rubbing thigh) You think that'sall we busted -- You  should see...
20) 36) text: Mary and Helen exchange glances.
20) 47) text: Mary has finished rolling her cigarette. She passes the b to Helen, who starts rolling one.
20) 52) text: Helen has finished her cigarette. She passes the makings Steve. He hesitates, looks at his brother and, when he se Clay is occupied with Mary, starts rolling one.
20) 59) text: Steve, embarrassed and hurt, turns quickly away. Helen lo after the boy.
20) 60) dialog: Afraid it will stop him growin'?
20) 65) dialog: Maybe you're going about this all  wrong. Why not try telling him we'll  do the cookin' and mendin' and washin'  for him. That usually works. (then shocked at the  thought) Yeah, but suppose he took us up on  it. Where would we be?
20) 67) text: She starts around the surrey. Helen follows. Clay bends over Elaine.
20) 73) text: Helen moves toward Clay. She smiles without humor. With t new diversion, Elaine, still unnoticed, starts away -- ba toward where they dropped the trunk.
20) 74) dialog: (rubbing thigh) You think that's all we busted --  You should see...
20) 90) text: Mary and Helen come around the end of the surrey to where Elaine lies. Mary bends beside the sick girl and lifts th cloth from the girl's forehead.
20) 96) text: Elaine stops. She looks fearfully up at Helen.
21) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Dust rises over the road as the cavalcade move forward. Clay, rifle across his lap, rides in front. The  wagon, with Mary driving and Helen beside her on the seat follows. The two horses that pulled the surrey are tied t the tail gate. Then comes the remuda with Steve bringing the rear.
23) 2) text: the camp. As Clay approaches. Steve squats by the fire. H has spread out a tarp in the circle of firelight and Mary setting the tin plates, cups, etc., out. Elaine, a blanke around her, sits near the fire. She looks tired and ill.  Marcia and Helen are struggling with bed-making under the wagon.
26) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED BACK ALONG the trail. Mary and Helen,  tense and worried, stand at the edge of the camp, looking off. Marcia is with Elaine under the wagon. From o.s. com the SOUND of men's voices. Clay, Steve and Clayton, leadi his horse, come into view.
26) 12) text: Mary and Helen.
26) 15) dialog: (quietly) Looks like we lose a good piano  player.
26) 19) dialog: With a milk pail in one hand and a  marriage license in the other.
26) 47) text: Jim, his arm around Marcia, moves closer. Helen is in the B.g., watching.
29) 1) text: Elaine is gone. Helen is asleep. Mary drops to her knees the tarp and shakes Helen in wakefulness.
29) 3) text: Helen sits up and looks over at Elaine's side of the bed.
29) 4) dialog: She was here a while ago.
29) 11) text: wagon. Clay stands with Mary at the wagon as Steve comes Helen is sitting up in bed, a comforter pulled around her
29) 12) dialog: She can't have gone far. I wasn't  asleep long.
29) 21) text: He starts down toward the meadow. Steve follows. Helen  scrambles out from under the wagon.
30) 0) text: Clay stops by the creek. Behind him the fire smoulders ne the wagon. Mary's shadowy figure can be seen climbing the knoll where Clay's bedroll is. Helen is near the fire.
38) 2) text: wagon - (MOVING). Featuring Steve and Mary. Elaine lies u the seat and Helen sits beside her. Steve is reciting the alphabet to a simple melody usually sung by children of s or seven.
38) 51) text: rain -- the caravan. Clay leads it through a rain that ha filled the ruts in the trail, soaked the horses to gliste black -- and obscures all view of the country through whi they are passing. SOUND of rain falling is loud. Clay and Steve both wear slickers, gleaming from their shoulders t the rumps of their horses. Mary, a tarp around her should drives. Elaine and Helen huddle under a tarpaulin in the  wagon bed.
38) 52) text: rain -- DOWN ANGLE -- wagon moving. Elaine sits up and, i her delirium, throws off the tarp. Helen tries to pull he down.
38) 53) dialog: (crying out) Elaine -- stop it --
38) 54) text: rain -- Clay. He wheels his horse at the SOUND of Helen's voice and rides back through the rain toward the wagon.
45) 5) text: He glances down into the wagon bed where Helen is sitting Elaine.
45) 7) dialog: (dryly) If she feels worse than I do, she's  dyin'.
55) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Mrs. Wyatt. Clay, carrying Elaine, bundled in blankets, comes forward. Wyatt has stopped just inside th kitchen. Mary and Helen follow Clay through the door.
57) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Mary and Helen stand close to the steve, looki anxiously toward the bedroom door as Clay and Wyatt come  out. Clay closes the door. Wyatt, dazed by the shock of s his daughter again, stands momentarily staring at the clo door. Then very slowly he turns and looks at Helen and Ma
57) 1) text: his ANGLE. Mary and Helen, seeing the two men's expressio look from one to the other, puzzled.
57) 11) text: Turning from them, he exits. Mary and Helen look at each  other. Then Helen grins wryly and goes over to the cupboa
57) 12) dialog: I don't know about you. But I'm not  being thrown out on an empty stomach.
59) 0) text: Helen is sitting at the table, eating a piece of bread an drinking coffee. Mary stands at the window. Steve is hear coming up the steps and across the porch. He pushes the d open and enters.
61) 1) dialog: Sit down and eat, why don't you?
61) 3) dialog: It isn't like this was the first  place we were ever thrown out of.
61) 5) dialog: Quit worryin' about Elaine.
61) 7) dialog: She's home, isn't she? So worry about  us. We want to get to Sonora.
64) 0) text: The room is lighted only by the moonlight. Mary and Helen are in the big four poster bed, close to the window. Clay footsteps are heard on the porch. The kitchen door closes softly. There is the rattle of a stove lid being lifted.
64) 1) dialog: (whispering) That sounds like him.
64) 3) dialog: This time don't talk about cooking!
67) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Save for the moonlight coming through the wind the room is dark. Mary enters softly, throws off her robe and slips into bed beside Helen.
67) 1) text: on bed. Moonlight falls across the bed. Mary pulls the co up. Helen turns her head.
67) 2) dialog: Did you make it interesting?
67) 5) dialog: And we're running out of that.
68) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH window PAST Mary. The ear morning sun fills the yard. Steve is in the corral harnes the mules. Clay and Wyatt are taking Mary's and Helen's t out of the wagon.
68) 4) text: Helen is seated at the table. Mary stands with her back t the window near the sink.
68) 5) dialog: How long do you think we'll have to  stay here?
68) 7) dialog: We don't want to go there.
68) 9) dialog: Clay could save us an awful lot of  time.
68) 11) dialog: What are you waiting for? Do  something.
68) 13) dialog: (sharp) You're not giving up?
68) 15) text: Helen rises. Her manner is determined.
68) 16) dialog: (crosses to door) Maybe I better start working on him.
68) 19) text: SHOOTING TOWARD Elaine's bedroom door. Helen crosses to M
68) 20) dialog: (sweetly) If you can't bring him around, nobody  can.
68) 22) dialog: Go on. Have another try at him.
68) 24) dialog: (cajoling) Please. Maybe he'll take a good look  at you and stop thinking so much  about his horses.
68) 26) dialog: A man has only so many no's in him.
68) 27) text: Mary smiles at her, shrugs and exits. Helen looks after h Mary's footsteps are heard going down the steps. Then Hel swings around and going to Elaine's door, opens it.
69) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Elaine is sitting up in bed. There is a small  table by the bed and on it is a breakfast tray. Mrs. Wyat sits by the bed. Elaine looks happy for the first time. M Wyatt is holding a cup to her lips. Helen enters and clos the door.
69) 1) dialog: Look at you, sitting up already.
69) 3) dialog: Let me do this while you get some  breakfast.
69) 5) dialog: You're worn out.
69) 7) dialog: Now don't argue. You've got two able- bodied girls to help you so take  advantage of it. And don't let me  catch you touching the dishes.
69) 9) dialog: Well -- it's going to be good for  all of us -- having a nice long rest  here. After all -- Sonora will still  be there next month. Maybe we can  rehearse a new number -- try it out  on your folks.
69) 12) dialog: He won't take us. (then, hurt) Don't you want us around?
69) 14) dialog: If you're worried about Mary and me  talkin' too much, don't. No matter  how many questions your old man asks.  We know how to keep our mouths shut.
69) 16) dialog: Don't talk -- eat -- we want to get  you well quick as we can so we can  all get out of here.
69) 18) dialog: Drink this and stop being silly. Why  would anyone want to live in this  place. You might as well be dead and  buried. Nothing to do but look at  mountains. In a week you'd be talking  to yourself. (then, brightly) Maybe that's what got you started in  the first place.
69) 21) dialog: Not if I know Mary. When she rides  into Sonora, you'll be with her. And  mighty glad to be there after this.  I don't see how you stood it as long  as you did.
69) 23) dialog: (contrite) Darling -- now I've got you all upset.
69) 26) dialog: That's right -- you go back to sleep.  Tomorrow when you feel better things  will look a whole lot different.  Don't you worry about anything --  Mary's going to talk things over  with your folks --
69) 27) text: Elaine sits up and grabs Helen's arm.
69) 29) dialog: There, there. Don't you upset yourself --
69) 31) text: The door opens and Mrs. Wyatt enters. She hurries over to the bed, pushes Helen aside, and takes the sobbing girl i her arms.
69) 33) text: Mrs. Wyatt flares at Helen.
69) 35) dialog: Nothing. The poor child's worried  about Mary --
69) 37) dialog: I won't let her say anything --
70) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Leaving the door open, Helen enters the kitche She glances back at the bedroom, half smiling, then cross to the window and looks out.
71) 0) text: ANGLED past Helen THROUGH window. Clay is crossing the ya toward the house.
72) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Helen turns from the window and walks hurriedl to the second bedroom door. Clay's footsteps cross the po Helen enters the bedroom and closes the door as Clay come in. Clay looks around, then seeing the open bedroom door, crosses to it.
74) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Helen stands on the porch in the sunlight. She glances back. Clay, his expression hard and angry comes o He doesn't look at Helen but stalks down the steps toward the wagon.
74) 6) text: Clay comes toward the wagon. Helen stands on the porch.
74) 21) text: Clay moves past them toward the corral. Mary looks after  him, then turning, motions to Helen. Helen starts toward wagon.
74) 24) text: He rides off. Steve, delighted, runs to start loading the girls' things. Helen hurries into the scene.
74) 25) text: Mary and Helen. Mary smiles at Helen.
74) 27) text: Helen nods, looking at Mary as though in admiration.
76) 1) text: ANGLED PAST Steve. Steve has a copy of Leslie's Weekly op on the pommel. Helen lies full length in the wagon bed,  occupying herself by giving herself a manicure with an or stick.
77) 4) text: the cavalcade. Mary and Helen are in the seat of the wago Steve rides alongside.
79) 1) text: Down the hill in the forest, is the wagon. Beyond it the  horses stand. Steve is stretched out on his stomach study his magazine. Helen is sitting on a tarp playing solitair Clay starts down the hill toward the camp.
79) 16) text: Mary, in the f.g., is staring after Clay. Helen is watchi her. Steve has risen and walks up behind her. He smiles a her.
79) 25) text: They have passed Helen, playing solitaire on the canvas, have reached the place where the grub box stands. Steve  spreads a tarp for her.
79) 31) text: He hands her a plate of food, takes another and goes over Helen.
79) 32) text: Helen looks up from her card game, takes the plate with a smile.
79) 33) dialog: Thanks, Steve.
79) 42) dialog: (dryly) You make him sound wonderful... Go  on. Tell Mary more about him.
79) 43) text: Steve looks over at her, embarrassed, a little hurt by he tone. He rises, takes Mary's empty plate and his own and  goes over to the little spring to wash them. Mary looks  sharply at Helen. Helen shrugs. Mary rises and follows St over to the spring.
82) 21) text: Helen. She lies in the bed of the wagon, looking up.
85) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. A tarp is stretched over the camp. There a crude stone fireplace, a rough table and two benches.  Shelves are nailed between the trees. In a small lean-to  there is a bunk with Fowler's bedroll on it. Fowler stand watching Mary and Holen as they get out of the wagon. The horses sproad out across the meadow. Steve and Clay dismo Both unsaddle. Helen, Mary and Fowler exchange glances. T the two women walk toward the camp, which is behind a scr of trees.
85) 3) dialog: Go ahead. (nodding off) Get in training for the pioneer life.  I'm finding the nearest body of water  and climbing into it.
86) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Here the river moves quietly down. The bank is sandy. Alders and aspens screen it from the meadow. Helen sits on the sand taking off her shoes and stockings. Her  toilet box is beside her. Something on the bank catches h attention, she rises and climbs the bank. Some branches o aspen cover an object. She pulls the branches away, revea a crud, miner's cradle or rocker.
86) 1) text: Helen stares down at the cradle. She doesn't know what it is.
86) 3) text: Helen, startled, turns.
86) 4) text: Fowler and Helen. They stare at each other.
86) 6) dialog: (hard) Me snoopin'? I came down here to  take a bath.
86) 8) dialog: That something I shouldn't see?
86) 10) text: Hurriedly he covers it with branches again. Helen watches him, curious, interested.
86) 11) dialog: What is it?
86) 13) dialog: The way you act, it must be something  pretty secret.
86) 16) dialog: You wouldn't have a smoke on you,  would you?
86) 18) dialog: Thanks.
86) 19) text: She turns to the toilet case on the sand beside her, take out a comb. He glances at the box, then reaches over and  from it takes her powder box. He sniffs it. Without  irritation, as though borrowing a toy from a child, Helen takes the powder box from him.
86) 21) dialog: I like it.
86) 23) dialog: Then why stay in the hills.
86) 25) dialog: That why?
86) 26) text: Fowler hesitates. Helen hands him back the powder box as  matter-of-factly as she took it. He accepts it gratefully again putting it to his nose. Now he looks up at her,  regarding her calculatingly for a moment or two. Their ey meet.
86) 30) text: Helen still struggles with the thong. He takes the poke,  pulls it open, pouring grains of gold into his palm. Hele looks at the shining heap in his hand. Then she takes the poke and pours some of the grains in her own palm. She lo down at it. Her expression is calculating. She looks up a Fowler and then the hard look goes away. She gives him a  soft smile.
88) 0) text: MED. SHOT - Helen and Fowler in f.g. Helen sits at one si of the table, Fowler on the other. Helen holds the soft  leather poke. In the b.g. Mary approaches. Behind her com Clay.
88) 1) dialog: You're sure there's more where this  came from?
88) 3) text: Helen pours the gold out in her palm as Mary comes up. Ma stands looking down.
88) 4) dialog: Pretty, isn't it? And all you have  to do is shovel sand into a thing  and the river does the work.
88) 7) dialog: Maybe you are. I'm not.
88) 9) dialog: I'm stayin' here with Jed.
88) 10) text: Mary looks from Helen to Fowler.
88) 12) dialog: Well cheer, why don't you? No more  responsibilities, Mary. Marcia --  Elaine -- me -- all taken care of.  Down there feeding horses and raising  kids, you won't have a thing to worry  about.
88) 13) text: Mary stands looking down at Helen. Lovingly Helen pours t gold back in the poke.
88) 17) dialog: Sounds fine. Only that isn't how  it's going to be.
88) 18) text: Helen juggles the poke in her hand.
88) 19) dialog: I'm sure of this. But not of you. (shakes head) You won't open any joint. I've been  watching you change. You're mad now  and you think you can change back.  But you can't. You'll end up making  beds in a boarding house.
88) 35) text: Mary, Fowler and Helen. Helen is staring at Mary. She cro to her and puts her arm around her shoulders.
88) 36) dialog: Mary, Honey. I talked too much, like  always -- he thinks you told Elaine  the things I told her.
88) 42) text: ANGLED TOWARD camp. Into the scene come pack saddles, bed rolls. Helen and Fowler, in b.g., walk toward the wagon.
88) 43) text: wagon. Mary straightens, looks off, then climbs into the  seat and picks up the reins and the whip. She lashes the  mules with the whip. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. The mules jump gallop off. Fowler and Helen come into the scene.
94) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Fowler is putting the supper dishes up on the  shelves beside the fireplace. The camp is cleaner than it was earlier in the day. It is evident that he has gone to great pains to make his visitor comfortable. A mirror has been tacked up on a tree, and under it is a  wash basin. Fowler's rifle and shotgun are in a rack near the fireplace. Helen's trunk stands open near the lean-to Helen, wearing a robe, takes some clothing from it, close the trunk.
94) 1) dialog: You can put this out of the way,  Jed. It's empty.
94) 2) text: Fowler turns and smiles. Helen pushes through the curtain into the lean-to. Fowler puts the last of the dishes on t shelf, crosses to the trunk and moves it over to the side the lean-to. Turning to go back to the fireplace, he stop
97) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Helen stands flattened against a tree.
97) 2) text: Cautiously Helen starts moving away.
99) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Helen cautiously moves away from the camp.
99) 3) text: A twig snaps underfoot. Helen freezes.
101) 0) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Helen starts forward again, more cautiou than ever. She reaches a tree, turns to look back.
101) 1) text: Helen, back to camera, is in immediate f.g. Through the t can be seen the camp and the flickering fire. She turns, then fright comes into her expression.
102) 0) text: MED. SHOT. From o.s. comes the SOUND of Helen and Peters  struggling. Fowler, hearing the SOUND, gets to his feet.  Lednov and McCall turn on him.
103) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Peters, carrying the struggling Helen, heads f the camp.
104) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Fowler makes a futile dive for Lednov. McC swings his rifle. Fowler goes down. In the b.g. Peters dr the struggling Helen around the lean-to into the camp.
104) 2) text: He moves forward to meet Helen and Peters. Lednov reaches out for Helen. Peters pulls her away.
104) 4) text: McCall has taken his attention from Fowler and gives it t Helen. Unnoticed now, Fowler is struggling back to  consciousness. He tries to pull himself up. McCall turns  back and kicks him again.
104) 5) dialog: (yelling) Let him alone!
104) 6) text: She rakes Peters' face with her fingernails, tries to fig free. Lednov reaches out and grabs her arm. Peters knocks his arm down. Free for the moment, Helen launches an atta on McCall, who is getting ready to boot Fowler again. She on him like a cat, swarming all over him. He defends hims Helen is yelling furiously as she fights McCall.
104) 7) dialog: Kick a guy, would you! You scum! You  won't do any kickin' when they come  back.
104) 8) text: Lednov has reached her now. He wraps his arms around her pulls her away from McCall. Helen tries to fight him.
104) 9) dialog: You dirty murderers... killin' people  when they're sleepin'...
104) 12) dialog: Everybody knows --
104) 14) text: Helen doesn't answer. Lednov starts twisting her arms.
104) 16) dialog: (moaning) Stop it --
104) 18) dialog: Clay Phillips.
104) 20) dialog: Up the trail.
104) 23) dialog: (moaning) I don't know -- I don't know.
104) 24) text: He hurls her from him. She goes back against the table. F is trying to struggle to his feet. In blind rage, Lednov  raises his gun and fires. Fowler crumples. Helen looks do too horrified and terrified to scream. Lednov looks at he then almost casually he shoots her. McCall and Peters sta watching as though frozen.