1) 0) text: MED. SHOT. A dry watercourse threads its way through the in the treeless hills. The sun is not high enough as yet drive night from the canyon. A man appears around a bend; another and still another. They are McCall, Peters and Le clad in prison clothes, hatless, their heads closely crop As Lednov's face comes into a closeup,
3) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH willows. A bearded man, Cal  Forster, and two young fellows in their late teens squat  beside a campfire eating breakfast. O.s. there is the SOU of movement. Lednov moves cautiously into the scene. He h a revolver in his hand. Forster turns toward camera and fear comes into his  expression. Lednov fires. Forster crumples near the fire. The two boys jump to their feet and reach for rifles. Led fires again and again. McCall and Peters come into the sc both firing revolvers.
4) 0) text: MED SHOT - ANGLED ACROSS campfire. On the fire smoulders prison clothes the convicts had worn. Smoke spirals up. I the B.B. Lednov, Peters and McCall, now wearing the cloth of the three Forsters, saddle the horses. CAMERA PANS ARO and ANGLES DOWN. The bodies of Forster and his sons, now  clad in underwear are sprawled by the fire. Forster's arm lies close to the smouldering clothing.
39) 2) text: ANGLED TOWARD gate. Lednov rides forward through the gate His horse is limping badly. The others follow. They do no stop to put the gate back up.
41) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride into the yard a up to the horses' trough. The horses plunge their muzzles deep into the trough. As the men dismount, Wyatt, a sinew little man, hurries from the direction of the barn.
41) 3) text: He extends his hand to Lednov. Lednov ignores it. The thr men are looking around them. Two work horses, fat and eld amble across the corral to nuzzle the roans through the f
41) 4) dialog: Those the only horses you got?
41) 5) text: Wyatt is a little taken aback by Lednov's manner.
41) 7) dialog: Mine's gone lame. Take a look at  him.
41) 8) text: Wyatt frowns up at Lednov, angered by the order.
41) 9) dialog: Go on, we haven't got all day.
41) 12) text: Bending, he lifts the horse's hoof. Lednov, McCall and Pe watch him. He drops the hoof, straightens.
41) 14) dialog: Put on another one.
41) 16) dialog: Will you quit gabbin' and do what  you're told.
41) 17) text: Wyatt hesitates. Lednov steps toward him.
41) 19) text: He picks up the roan's reins and starts leading him into corral. Lednov, with a jerk of his thumb, indicates that  McCall is to go with him. McCall follows. Lednov and Pete turn toward the house.
41) 20) text: As Lednov and Peters start for the house, Mrs. Wyatt, a w of about fifty, small, plump, browned from the sun and ha from work, comes out on the porch. She has taken off her  apron and holds it in her hand. She smiles at the two men
41) 23) dialog: All we want's supper.
41) 24) text: At his tone, the welcoming smile leaves her face. She loo from one to the other. Lednov pushes past her up the step and into the house. Mrs. Wyatt follows him with her glanc McCall motions.
44) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Wyatt. This is the main room of the house -- living room and kitchen combined: wood-stove against one  wall, a sink with a pump against another, a fireplace, so simple furniture and, hanging from one of the rough walls concertina. Through an open doorway can be seen the Wyatt bedroom. Another door, closed, leads into the second bedr The house has a warm, well-scrubbed look. Wyatt enters. Mrs. Wyatt, stoking the stove, turns. She glances nervous in the direction of the bedroom. Wyatt shifts his glance the fireplace -- there is no gun hanging from the hooks a the mantel. Lednov appears in the doorway of the bedroom.
44) 2) dialog: Lookin' around.
44) 4) dialog: These all the shells you got?
44) 8) text: She crosses to him and stands in his way. Wyatt pushes pa her and grabs for the guns. Lednov gives him a swipe with the back of his hand, knocking him away easily.
44) 9) dialog: Your old woman's got sense -- you  listen to her.
44) 11) dialog: I asked you -- these all the shells  you got?
44) 13) text: Lednov crosses to the cupboard and opens it. Finding the of shells, he slips it in his pocket.
44) 14) dialog: (to Ed) Get on about your chores. (to Mrs. Wyatt) And hurry that grub up.
46) 2) text: Lednov pushes his chair back and rises.
46) 3) dialog: We got to get movin'.
46) 5) dialog: Because there's a man I want to see.
46) 8) dialog: (rising) I said let's go.
46) 10) dialog: (fierce) I said I had a guy to see and I'm  going to see him.
46) 12) dialog: He gave me something once so I  wouldn't forget.
49) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN ANGLE. The caravan climbs toward camera. CAMERA PANS AROUND to SHOOT DOWN TOWARD the Wyatt ranch.  Through the gate ride Lednov, McCall and Peters. They sto for a moment then turn right and trot along the fence lin As they disappear, the SOUND of the caravan's approach is heard o.s.
77) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. The trail leads down through open country t big meadow ringed with lodgepole pine, and across the mea to start climbing toward another, higher range of hills.  Three horsemen on roans, Lednov, Peters and McCall, are  crossing the meadow slowly.
77) 2) text: DOWN ANGLE. Lednov, Peters and McCall as they ride across the meadow.
78) 0) text: MED. SHOT of Lednov as he pulls in his limping horse, ste looking back over his shoulder as though he sensed an  unfamiliar presence. The other two watch him, frowning. T he shrugs and glances down at the bad leg of his mount.
78) 1) dialog: We'll camp on up ahead away. That  leg ain't good...
83) 7) text: Clay. He is wary, puzzled as to the man's identity. For a he knows it may be one of Lednov's men.
90) 0) text: FULL SHOT - the lower ford. Where the main road crosses t river, it flows gently, with sand banks on either side. T horsemen appear around a bend in the trail and ride down the riverbank. They are Lednov, McCall and Peters. Lednov horse is limping badly. They ride into the river.
90) 1) text: The horses swim to shore and flounder up the bank, Lednov horse last. As the horse starts up the bank Lednov sees  something o.s. and reins the horse in.
90) 2) text: FROM Lednov's ANGLE. A piece of clothing floats down the  river. Lednov rides down the bank into the water. He reac down awkwardly and gets the piece of clothing, then turns and rides back up the bank.
90) 5) dialog: (looking at the garment) Yeah, we sure have.
90) 7) text: Mary's trunk comes floating by. The three men look at eac other, then Lednov turns his horse and starts up the bank the river. The others follow.
92) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride slowly thr the brush to where the trail enters the river. Downstream wedged in the rocks is the wagon. The three men look at t wagon, then turn to look back along the trail.
92) 2) text: the three men. They look at each other. Lednov motions in the direction of Fowler's camp. They start back along the trail.
94) 3) text: Fowler in the f.g. Lednov, rifle in hand, stands just ins the camp on the meadow side.
94) 5) text: Lednov moves slowly forward to stand near the table. He l around him. Fowler starts slowly toward the fireplace.
94) 6) dialog: I saw your fire and dropped by to  say hello.
94) 9) dialog: What's the matter -- restless?
94) 11) dialog: Even women?
94) 13) dialog: I suppose that's your wagon in the  river.
94) 15) dialog: And you're all alone.
94) 17) text: He has edged closer to the gun rack. Lednov seems unaware that he is near the guns. His interest is centered on the lean-to. He moves to the entrance, stands with his hand o the canvas.
94) 18) dialog: Suppose I take a look.
94) 20) text: Lednov pulls back the flap. His back is to Fowler, who st quickly for the tree, only to stop as McCall comes out fr behind it.
94) 22) text: Fowler drops his hands to his side. Lednov turns, grins a Fowler, and enters the lean-to.
95) 0) text: The shelter is dark. Lednov strikes a match and looks aro The place is empty. There is a bunk, made up. On the left hand wall a curtain of gunny sacks covers the clothes han there. The match burns down to Lednov's fingers. There is SOUND of a scuffle outside a blow, and a groan. Lednov dr the match and hurries out.
96) 0) text: Lednov comes out of the lean-to. Fowler is sprawled by th table. McCall stands over him, rifle raised.
96) 1) dialog: Hold it, Mac.
98) 1) dialog: Come on. Where'd the women go?
98) 2) text: Fowler sinks on a bench, his head in his hands. Lednov mo closer.
98) 3) dialog: When I ask questions, I like to hear  answers.
100) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov is staring off in the direction of Hele McCall moves to the edge of the lean-to, looking off.
102) 0) text: MED. SHOT. From o.s. comes the SOUND of Helen and Peters  struggling. Fowler, hearing the SOUND, gets to his feet.  Lednov and McCall turn on him.
102) 1) dialog: Sit down. (calling) All right, Peters, come on over here.
104) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Fowler makes a futile dive for Lednov. McC swings his rifle. Fowler goes down. In the b.g. Peters dr the struggling Helen around the lean-to into the camp.
104) 1) dialog: (to Fowler) So you were all alone.
104) 2) text: He moves forward to meet Helen and Peters. Lednov reaches out for Helen. Peters pulls her away.
104) 6) text: She rakes Peters' face with her fingernails, tries to fig free. Lednov reaches out and grabs her arm. Peters knocks his arm down. Free for the moment, Helen launches an atta on McCall, who is getting ready to boot Fowler again. She on him like a cat, swarming all over him. He defends hims Helen is yelling furiously as she fights McCall.
104) 8) text: Lednov has reached her now. He wraps his arms around her pulls her away from McCall. Helen tries to fight him.
104) 10) text: Lednov pinions her arms.
104) 11) dialog: How do you know who we are?
104) 13) dialog: (excited) Who brought you here?
104) 14) text: Helen doesn't answer. Lednov starts twisting her arms.
104) 15) dialog: You said somebody was comin' back --  who's comin' back?
104) 19) dialog: Where is he?
104) 21) text: In a fury, Lednov crushes her arm.
104) 22) dialog: How far up the trail?
104) 24) text: He hurls her from him. She goes back against the table. F is trying to struggle to his feet. In blind rage, Lednov  raises his gun and fires. Fowler crumples. Helen looks do too horrified and terrified to scream. Lednov looks at he then almost casually he shoots her. McCall and Peters sta watching as though frozen.
104) 26) dialog: (deadly) Why not? She might have got to Clay  Phillips before I did.
105) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT - ANGLES east. Behind the ridge rises the  range through which the pass to Nevada cuts its way. The  trail which has dipped down into a canyon comes up to fol the ridge a ways and then drops down again. Lednov, McCal and Peters ride along the trail. Lednov, in the lead, sto suddenly and looks off.
105) 1) text: DOWN ANGLE from Lednov's point of view. Far below is a me and crossing it is a wagon road. This is the road from  Yosemite to Sonora. The road comes down the hill to the s and, as the forest is open at this point, anything approa along the road can be seen for some distance. It crosses meadow and continues into the northwest. In the meadow is snake-rail corral. Clay's pack train comes out of the woo above the meadow and starts down.
105) 2) text: McCall, Lednov and Peters. Lednov motions to his men and  they hurriedly ride forward into the shelter of some tree
106) 17) text: his ANGLE. The open ridge. There is no sign of Lednov.
108) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride through the tre
113) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN ANGLE. Above the pines smoke rises. The  horses graze inside the corral. In the shadowy forest by creek, Clay's camp can be seen. A tarp has been stretched over the camp. Lednov moves into the right hand side of t frame and looks down.
113) 1) text: Lednov stands on a rocky hill looking down in the meadow. Behind him are McCall and Peters. They are screened from meadow by the rocks. Lednov turns and starts off through rocks to circle above the camp. The two men follow. All a on foot.
116) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters have stopped, halted the sudden flight of the birds.
116) 1) text: Below is the camp. Lednov motions.
116) 2) dialog: (to Peters) Go on down and have a look.
116) 4) text: Lednov looks at McCall. From his pocket, McCall takes a c
116) 8) text: Lednov and McCall.
116) 9) dialog: And you! Get going.
116) 10) text: McCall moves off to circle around in back of where Clay a Steve wait. Lednov watches him go then, moving to the she of the rocks, waits.
120) 0) text: MED. CLOSE - Clay. Clay throws the empty cartridge out an another in. O.s. there is a SHOT. A bullet hits near him. Clay looks off in the direction where Lednov is waiting o the hill west of the camp. Another SHOT is heard. A bulle smacks into the rock close to Clay. It comes from McCall' position southwest of the camp. Clay ducks.
121) 0) text: LONG SHOT - Lednov's ANGLE. Lednov is trying to get Clay his sights. He fires as Clay is seen momentarily.
123) 0) text: Clay and Steve crawl down and away from Lednov and McCall positions. Steve grins at Clay. He is enjoying this.
126) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT. Lednov, sheltered by a tree, has his rifl trained on Clay's position.
130) 0) text: MED. SHOT. McCall tries to struggle to his feet. Failing, brings his rifle up. Clay in b.g. runs to the shelter of tree. McCall fires. Clay's rifle barrel emerges from behi tree. McCall tries to drag himself to safety. Clay fires. McCall goes down on his face. From Lednov's position come the SOUND of a shot.
130) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. CAMERA SEARCHES Lednov's position for some  movement. There is none.
131) 0) text: DOWN ANGLE PAST Lednov. Below in the corral the horses ar hunched together. Lednov looks down, then raising his rif he brings one of the horses into the beads of the sights. is the bell mare.
131) 1) dialog: (calling) Come on out, Phillips.
131) 2) text: His voice echoes again and again. Clay's answer is a shot It cuts the branches above Lednov's head.
131) 3) text: Lednov. He ducks lower, steadies his rifle.
131) 4) dialog: (his voice echoing) Those horses down there -- they don't  amount to much to me. Look at the  one with the bell.
131) 6) text: Steve. He is standing recklessly trying to find Lednov in the rocks above.
133) 2) dialog: (calling; echoing) Next time I won't miss.
133) 5) text: Recklessly Clay raises his rifle and fires three shots at Lednov's position.
135) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN. Lednov sees Steve running. He swings hi rifle away from the horses and tries to get the boy in hi sights. Clay fires again. A bullet smacks into the tree.  Lednov flinches. Then again he tries to center on Steve.
137) 1) text: Steve. He lies still a moment, then painfully he crawls t the rails and with a great effort tries to tear the rails down. Lednov fires. The bullet whistles past. Steve pulls the fence down, crawls away from the opening. The horses, milling around the corral break through. Steve lies still face down.
137) 3) text: Clay, now the hunter, moves toward Lednov's position. Led fires. Clay runs and jumps into the creek. Sheltered by t bank he makes his way up the creek.
137) 4) text: Lednov. He waits, his rifle ready. O.s. a twig snaps.  Cautiously he looks ahead. There is silence.
137) 5) text: his ANGLE. A light wind runs through the great trees. Sha of light filter through the trees, making patterns on the forest floor. The light is dim, deceptive. Lednov, rifle  ready, searches for some sign of Clay. Then from another  direction comes the SOUND of movement. Lednov swings his  rifle in that direction, waits. The SOUND has stopped.
137) 7) text: His voice echoes across the hills. Lednov sights along hi rifle at the direction from which the SOUND of Clay's voi came. Momentarily Clay is seen as he runs from one tree t another. Lednov fires.
137) 10) text: His voice can be heard echoing across the hills. He tosse the stick. Lednov fires at the SOUND of the falling stick
137) 13) text: Lednov crumples forward as his echoing voice fades out. C moves over to him to stand looking down.
140) 0) text: FULL SHOT - featuring hotel and doctor's office. The sher posse, the bodies of Lednov, McCall and Wheeler slung acr the backs of horses, and Clay's remuda, trot down the str People come out of the hotel to watch the cavalcade pass. Clay and Steve are not with the posse. Clay's horse is  tethered in front of the doctor's office which is next do to the hotel.