10) 1) text: There are four women in the two-seated surrey, which is  heavily loaded with trunks, hatboxes, etc. Mary Wells, th loveliest of the four, is driving. She is more poised, mo self-assured than the others. Her clothes, though a trifl showy, are attractive. She wears a large spectacular hat. Helen Carter, showier, harder and more cynical, sits besi her. In the seat behind are Marcia Paine, placid, younger looking than her years, and Elaine Ross, a striking blond with a pale haunted face. Elaine is obviously ill. Mary i riding the brake and holding the team back.
10) 16) text: She climbs out. Marcia looks at the narrow space ahead.
10) 17) dialog: (rising) So am I. Come on Elaine.
10) 20) dialog: Don't talk like that.
10) 21) text: Helen is out on the road now. Mary has moved over and Gra picks up the reins. Marcia gives up and jumps out.
10) 25) text: Mary isn't listening. She is looking at the road. Elaine  closes her eyes. Helen and Marcia scurry back out of the  way.
10) 28) text: featuring buckboard. Helen and Marcia start along the roa past the buckboard. Helen stops and looks at its cargo in horror. She grabs Marcia's arm. The girls look at each ot and hurry after the surrey which has stopped below the  buckboard.
10) 32) text: Helen and Marcia hurry up. Marcia motions back.
10) 33) dialog: (aghast) There's -- dead men -- in your wagon!
10) 39) text: As Mary speaks, Helen pushes Marcia into the surrey and c up beside Mary.
20) 11) text: on surrey. The back wheel is broken and the bed of the su rests on the ground. The horses have been taken from the  traces and stand dejectedly in the hot sun. A blanket is  spread in the scant shade thrown by the surrey. On it lie Elaine and, sitting beside her, is Marcia. A damp cloth i spread across Elaine's forehead. A water bag hangs from t surrey. Elaine's head is pillowed on a dainty satin cushi Helen and Mary have risen at Clay's approach and now stan by the road.
20) 70) text: As Clay turns from Elaine, Marcia joins the other two, th attention on Clay and the surrey. Left alone, Elaine is  suddenly alert and no longer sick. She glances around, th unobserved slides out from under the shade of the surrey.
21) 1) text: Marcia and Elaine. PROCESS. Marcia sits in the bed of the wagon looking back. Elaine lies under the seat.
22) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Long shadows of the hills lie on the grassy me along the stream that is bordered by cottonwoods and will A knoll overlooks the camp site. The caravan can be seen it halts in the lush grass a few yards from the stream. T girls sit lifelessly on the wagon; they seem too tired to dismount. Then, finally, Marcia helps Elaine to climb sti down. With the exception of Mary they all let themselves  down in the grass. Mary walks to the head of the team and starts fumbling with the harness. Steve comes into the sc dismounts quickly and pulls the saddle off his horse. The remuda has fanned out, the horses moving toward the water Steve crosses to Mary and takes over the job of unbucklin the harness. Mary smiles gratefully and rubs her hand acr her face.
23) 2) text: the camp. As Clay approaches. Steve squats by the fire. H has spread out a tarp in the circle of firelight and Mary setting the tin plates, cups, etc., out. Elaine, a blanke around her, sits near the fire. She looks tired and ill.  Marcia and Helen are struggling with bed-making under the wagon.
26) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED BACK ALONG the trail. Mary and Helen,  tense and worried, stand at the edge of the camp, looking off. Marcia is with Elaine under the wagon. From o.s. com the SOUND of men's voices. Clay, Steve and Clayton, leadi his horse, come into view.
26) 5) text: Hearing his voice, Marcia runs toward them.
26) 6) text: Marcia throws herself into Jim's arms.
26) 7) dialog: Jim.
26) 10) text: Marcia hugs him. In the B.g. Clay goes over to the fire,  kicks the dirt off the embers and piles on wood. The fire flares up.
26) 16) text: CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS as Marcia and Jim come forward. The f now burns briskly. Clay rejoins the group.
26) 17) dialog: (happily) Jim came after me, Mary.
26) 21) dialog: I've got a chance to get married.
26) 23) dialog: Jim doesn't care, do you, Jim?
26) 26) text: The joy goes out of Marcia's expression. She looks up at  Jim, her eyes begging him to tell her it will work. Jim, naturally shy man, loses his tongue momentarily. Clay jum into the breach.
26) 47) text: Jim, his arm around Marcia, moves closer. Helen is in the B.g., watching.
26) 52) text: featuring Marcia and Jim. In the B.g. Mary comes after th
26) 54) text: Jim and Marcia turn.
26) 56) text: Marcia comes over to hug Mary. As Marcia and Jim leave, M moves to Clay.