1) 0) text: MED. SHOT. A dry watercourse threads its way through the in the treeless hills. The sun is not high enough as yet drive night from the canyon. A man appears around a bend; another and still another. They are McCall, Peters and Le clad in prison clothes, hatless, their heads closely crop As Lednov's face comes into a closeup,
3) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH willows. A bearded man, Cal  Forster, and two young fellows in their late teens squat  beside a campfire eating breakfast. O.s. there is the SOU of movement. Lednov moves cautiously into the scene. He h a revolver in his hand. Forster turns toward camera and fear comes into his  expression. Lednov fires. Forster crumples near the fire. The two boys jump to their feet and reach for rifles. Led fires again and again. McCall and Peters come into the sc both firing revolvers.
4) 0) text: MED SHOT - ANGLED ACROSS campfire. On the fire smoulders prison clothes the convicts had worn. Smoke spirals up. I the B.B. Lednov, Peters and McCall, now wearing the cloth of the three Forsters, saddle the horses. CAMERA PANS ARO and ANGLES DOWN. The bodies of Forster and his sons, now  clad in underwear are sprawled by the fire. Forster's arm lies close to the smouldering clothing.
41) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride into the yard a up to the horses' trough. The horses plunge their muzzles deep into the trough. As the men dismount, Wyatt, a sinew little man, hurries from the direction of the barn.
41) 10) text: McCall and Peters move closer to Wyatt, who glances aroun worriedly. Realizing he better do as he's told, he goes t the roan and rubs his ears.
41) 12) text: Bending, he lifts the horse's hoof. Lednov, McCall and Pe watch him. He drops the hoof, straightens.
41) 19) text: He picks up the roan's reins and starts leading him into corral. Lednov, with a jerk of his thumb, indicates that  McCall is to go with him. McCall follows. Lednov and Pete turn toward the house.
41) 24) text: At his tone, the welcoming smile leaves her face. She loo from one to the other. Lednov pushes past her up the step and into the house. Mrs. Wyatt follows him with her glanc McCall motions.
41) 25) dialog: We're in a hurry.
43) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Peters sprawls on the ground, smoking. He look up as Wyatt and McCall cross from the direction of the ba
46) 1) dialog: I'll have some more of that coffee.
46) 4) dialog: What for?
46) 6) dialog: He can wait. Let's stay here until  morning.
46) 9) dialog: (protesting) One night more won't matter. Your  friend'll be there. Anyway I don't  think so much of the idea of prowling  around his ranch. He knows you're  out so he ain't going to sit still  for it.
46) 14) text: Grudgingly, McCall gives in. They exit. Wyatt stares afte them raging at his impotence.
49) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN ANGLE. The caravan climbs toward camera. CAMERA PANS AROUND to SHOOT DOWN TOWARD the Wyatt ranch.  Through the gate ride Lednov, McCall and Peters. They sto for a moment then turn right and trot along the fence lin As they disappear, the SOUND of the caravan's approach is heard o.s.
77) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. The trail leads down through open country t big meadow ringed with lodgepole pine, and across the mea to start climbing toward another, higher range of hills.  Three horsemen on roans, Lednov, Peters and McCall, are  crossing the meadow slowly.
77) 2) text: DOWN ANGLE. Lednov, Peters and McCall as they ride across the meadow.
90) 0) text: FULL SHOT - the lower ford. Where the main road crosses t river, it flows gently, with sand banks on either side. T horsemen appear around a bend in the trail and ride down the riverbank. They are Lednov, McCall and Peters. Lednov horse is limping badly. They ride into the river.
90) 4) dialog: We got company. Female company.
92) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride slowly thr the brush to where the trail enters the river. Downstream wedged in the rocks is the wagon. The three men look at t wagon, then turn to look back along the trail.
94) 20) text: Lednov pulls back the flap. His back is to Fowler, who st quickly for the tree, only to stop as McCall comes out fr behind it.
94) 21) dialog: Looking for something?
96) 0) text: Lednov comes out of the lean-to. Fowler is sprawled by th table. McCall stands over him, rifle raised.
100) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov is staring off in the direction of Hele McCall moves to the edge of the lean-to, looking off.
102) 0) text: MED. SHOT. From o.s. comes the SOUND of Helen and Peters  struggling. Fowler, hearing the SOUND, gets to his feet.  Lednov and McCall turn on him.
104) 4) text: McCall has taken his attention from Fowler and gives it t Helen. Unnoticed now, Fowler is struggling back to  consciousness. He tries to pull himself up. McCall turns  back and kicks him again.
104) 6) text: She rakes Peters' face with her fingernails, tries to fig free. Lednov reaches out and grabs her arm. Peters knocks his arm down. Free for the moment, Helen launches an atta on McCall, who is getting ready to boot Fowler again. She on him like a cat, swarming all over him. He defends hims Helen is yelling furiously as she fights McCall.
104) 8) text: Lednov has reached her now. He wraps his arms around her pulls her away from McCall. Helen tries to fight him.
104) 24) text: He hurls her from him. She goes back against the table. F is trying to struggle to his feet. In blind rage, Lednov  raises his gun and fires. Fowler crumples. Helen looks do too horrified and terrified to scream. Lednov looks at he then almost casually he shoots her. McCall and Peters sta watching as though frozen.
105) 2) text: McCall, Lednov and Peters. Lednov motions to his men and  they hurriedly ride forward into the shelter of some tree
108) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride through the tre
113) 1) text: Lednov stands on a rocky hill looking down in the meadow. Behind him are McCall and Peters. They are screened from meadow by the rocks. Lednov turns and starts off through rocks to circle above the camp. The two men follow. All a on foot.
116) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters have stopped, halted the sudden flight of the birds.
116) 4) text: Lednov looks at McCall. From his pocket, McCall takes a c
116) 5) dialog: Call it.
116) 7) text: McCall flips the coin, shows it to Peters. Peters shrugs starts moving cautiously down toward the camp.
116) 8) text: Lednov and McCall.
116) 10) text: McCall moves off to circle around in back of where Clay a Steve wait. Lednov watches him go then, moving to the she of the rocks, waits.
120) 0) text: MED. CLOSE - Clay. Clay throws the empty cartridge out an another in. O.s. there is a SHOT. A bullet hits near him. Clay looks off in the direction where Lednov is waiting o the hill west of the camp. Another SHOT is heard. A bulle smacks into the rock close to Clay. It comes from McCall' position southwest of the camp. Clay ducks.
122) 0) text: LONG SHOT - McCall's ANGLE. McCall fires at Clay.
123) 0) text: Clay and Steve crawl down and away from Lednov and McCall positions. Steve grins at Clay. He is enjoying this.
123) 2) text: Moving cautiously he starts in McCall's direction.
124) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT. McCall, rifle ready looks down toward the base of the log where Steve now waits. A twig snaps below He sights the rifle, waiting.
128) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT - ANGLED TOWARD open area below. The stone thrown by Clay, crashes in the brush across the open area McCall fires.
129) 0) text: UP ANGLE PAST Clay. The flash of sunlight on McCall's rif attracts Clay's attention. He fires. From behind him, Ste fires. Clay runs across the open area. Steve fires again.
130) 0) text: MED. SHOT. McCall tries to struggle to his feet. Failing, brings his rifle up. Clay in b.g. runs to the shelter of tree. McCall fires. Clay's rifle barrel emerges from behi tree. McCall tries to drag himself to safety. Clay fires. McCall goes down on his face. From Lednov's position come the SOUND of a shot.
140) 0) text: FULL SHOT - featuring hotel and doctor's office. The sher posse, the bodies of Lednov, McCall and Wheeler slung acr the backs of horses, and Clay's remuda, trot down the str People come out of the hotel to watch the cavalcade pass. Clay and Steve are not with the posse. Clay's horse is  tethered in front of the doctor's office which is next do to the hotel.