1) 0) text: MED. SHOT. A dry watercourse threads its way through the in the treeless hills. The sun is not high enough as yet drive night from the canyon. A man appears around a bend; another and still another. They are McCall, Peters and Le clad in prison clothes, hatless, their heads closely crop As Lednov's face comes into a closeup,
3) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH willows. A bearded man, Cal  Forster, and two young fellows in their late teens squat  beside a campfire eating breakfast. O.s. there is the SOU of movement. Lednov moves cautiously into the scene. He h a revolver in his hand. Forster turns toward camera and fear comes into his  expression. Lednov fires. Forster crumples near the fire. The two boys jump to their feet and reach for rifles. Led fires again and again. McCall and Peters come into the sc both firing revolvers.
4) 0) text: MED SHOT - ANGLED ACROSS campfire. On the fire smoulders prison clothes the convicts had worn. Smoke spirals up. I the B.B. Lednov, Peters and McCall, now wearing the cloth of the three Forsters, saddle the horses. CAMERA PANS ARO and ANGLES DOWN. The bodies of Forster and his sons, now  clad in underwear are sprawled by the fire. Forster's arm lies close to the smouldering clothing.
41) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride into the yard a up to the horses' trough. The horses plunge their muzzles deep into the trough. As the men dismount, Wyatt, a sinew little man, hurries from the direction of the barn.
41) 10) text: McCall and Peters move closer to Wyatt, who glances aroun worriedly. Realizing he better do as he's told, he goes t the roan and rubs his ears.
41) 20) text: As Lednov and Peters start for the house, Mrs. Wyatt, a w of about fifty, small, plump, browned from the sun and ha from work, comes out on the porch. She has taken off her  apron and holds it in her hand. She smiles at the two men
41) 21) text: ANGLED PAST Mrs. Wyatt. She starts down the steps as Ledn and Peters come up.
43) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Peters sprawls on the ground, smoking. He look up as Wyatt and McCall cross from the direction of the ba
43) 1) dialog: Take care of that horse?
46) 13) dialog: (rising) He says go, we go.
49) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN ANGLE. The caravan climbs toward camera. CAMERA PANS AROUND to SHOOT DOWN TOWARD the Wyatt ranch.  Through the gate ride Lednov, McCall and Peters. They sto for a moment then turn right and trot along the fence lin As they disappear, the SOUND of the caravan's approach is heard o.s.
77) 1) text: Clay's ANGLE. The trail leads down through open country t big meadow ringed with lodgepole pine, and across the mea to start climbing toward another, higher range of hills.  Three horsemen on roans, Lednov, Peters and McCall, are  crossing the meadow slowly.
77) 2) text: DOWN ANGLE. Lednov, Peters and McCall as they ride across the meadow.
90) 0) text: FULL SHOT - the lower ford. Where the main road crosses t river, it flows gently, with sand banks on either side. T horsemen appear around a bend in the trail and ride down the riverbank. They are Lednov, McCall and Peters. Lednov horse is limping badly. They ride into the river.
92) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride slowly thr the brush to where the trail enters the river. Downstream wedged in the rocks is the wagon. The three men look at t wagon, then turn to look back along the trail.
101) 2) text: Peters stands in front of her. As he reaches out for her, she tries to get away. He grabs her, wrapping his arms ar her.
102) 0) text: MED. SHOT. From o.s. comes the SOUND of Helen and Peters  struggling. Fowler, hearing the SOUND, gets to his feet.  Lednov and McCall turn on him.
103) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Peters, carrying the struggling Helen, heads f the camp.
104) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Fowler makes a futile dive for Lednov. McC swings his rifle. Fowler goes down. In the b.g. Peters dr the struggling Helen around the lean-to into the camp.
104) 2) text: He moves forward to meet Helen and Peters. Lednov reaches out for Helen. Peters pulls her away.
104) 3) dialog: (sharp) You keep your hands off.
104) 6) text: She rakes Peters' face with her fingernails, tries to fig free. Lednov reaches out and grabs her arm. Peters knocks his arm down. Free for the moment, Helen launches an atta on McCall, who is getting ready to boot Fowler again. She on him like a cat, swarming all over him. He defends hims Helen is yelling furiously as she fights McCall.
104) 24) text: He hurls her from him. She goes back against the table. F is trying to struggle to his feet. In blind rage, Lednov  raises his gun and fires. Fowler crumples. Helen looks do too horrified and terrified to scream. Lednov looks at he then almost casually he shoots her. McCall and Peters sta watching as though frozen.
104) 25) dialog: (huskily) You didn't have to do that.
105) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT - ANGLES east. Behind the ridge rises the  range through which the pass to Nevada cuts its way. The  trail which has dipped down into a canyon comes up to fol the ridge a ways and then drops down again. Lednov, McCal and Peters ride along the trail. Lednov, in the lead, sto suddenly and looks off.
105) 2) text: McCall, Lednov and Peters. Lednov motions to his men and  they hurriedly ride forward into the shelter of some tree
108) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters ride through the tre
113) 1) text: Lednov stands on a rocky hill looking down in the meadow. Behind him are McCall and Peters. They are screened from meadow by the rocks. Lednov turns and starts off through rocks to circle above the camp. The two men follow. All a on foot.
116) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Lednov, McCall and Peters have stopped, halted the sudden flight of the birds.
116) 3) dialog: (scoffing) And get my head blown off! Not me.
116) 6) dialog: Heads.
116) 7) text: McCall flips the coin, shows it to Peters. Peters shrugs starts moving cautiously down toward the camp.
117) 0) text: LONG SHOT - Clay's ANGLE. The forest is silent. Then,  momentarily, Peters is in the open. Clay brings his rifle up, trying to get him in the sights. Wheeler disappears.
118) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Stealthily, Peters makes his way down toward t camp.
118) 1) text: ANGLED PAST Peters. Peters, sheltered by a tree trunk, ra his rifle, then his eye catches a movement. He fires.
119) 0) text: LONG SHOT - PAST Clay. Clay has Peters in his sights. He  fires.
119) 1) text: Peters. Peters is stretched on the needle-covered earth,  dead.