13) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT - ANGLED to include blacksmith shop across the street. Far down the street comes Graham's buckboard  followed by the small crowd. The sheriff's office is a on story wooden structure. Next to it is the general store. front of the blacksmith shop stands a wagon with one whee off. In the corral alongside are eleven blooded mares. Cl Phillips, his brother Steve and the blacksmith are inside the shop. Clay's saddle horse is tethered to the hitching rail beside two harnessed work horses.
14) 0) text: ANGLED to include sheriff's office. The blacksmith, Sam E an elderly bent man in a leather apron stands at the forg in which he is heating the rim from the big wheel which l on the table nearby. Clay, a long-legged wrangler in clea but faded work clothes stands near the forge pumping the  bellows and watching his brother, a freckled kid of sixte trying to roll a cigarette. Steve has progressed to the m difficult step, that of licking and sealing the paper. Cl reaches over and takes it from him. He puts the skinny  cylinder in his mouth and Steve lights it for him. The fi third of the cigarette burns with one quick flare.
14) 1) dialog: How does she draw?
14) 5) text: Clay, the cigarette dangling from his lips, moves over to the table, picks up a hammer and helps Sam hammer the rim the wheel. Steve stands watching.
14) 10) dialog: And I'm too young.
14) 13) dialog: I don't see no sense to makin' people  leave town if they don't want to  leave.
14) 18) text: From O.s. comes the SOUND of the approaching buckboard an crowd. Steve hears the noise and moves to the front of th shed.
15) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT - Steve's angle. Graham pulls his buckboar up, jumps out and hurries into the sheriff's office. Some kids run up to stand on the porch chattering excitedly.  Members of the crowd straggle up.
16) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Steve. Clay comes up to stand beside Steve. S joins them. Steve looks up at Clay hopefully.
16) 2) text: Clay and Steve exit. Sam looks after them, shrugs disgust and goes back to the wheel.
17) 0) text: MED. SHOT - featuring buckboard. The crowd around the wag stands in shocked silence looking at the bodies under the tarp. Clay and steve come up, glance in the buckboard and then at each other. Clay speaks to a man near him.
17) 5) text: Sheriff Gardner, who has seen Clay through the window, co out of his office on to the porch followed by Jeb Graham a young deputy. In his hand Gardner holds the burned pris jacket. Clay goes up the steps to the porch. Steve follow to the foot of the steps to stand watching. The crowd aro the wagon gives its attention to the men on the porch.
17) 37) text: As Clay starts away, Steve follows him. Clay doesn't cros to the blacksmith shop. He goes along the sidewalk toward the general store. Steve hurries to catch up with him.
18) 1) dialog: Who's Lednov?
18) 3) text: They walk in silence to the General store and Clay goes u the steps and across the porch. Steve follows close behin
18) 4) text: The store is a typical general store of the period, selli everything from buggies to baby clothes. In one corner is the postoffice. The storekeeper, Hayes, is unpacking a ca of canned goods, stacking the cans on the shelf. Clay,  followed by Steve, enters. Hayes glances over.
18) 9) text: Besides Clay, Steve is inspecting a rack of guns.
18) 10) dialog: You might tell a fellow things,  'specially if the fellow's your  brother, seems to me.
18) 12) text: Steve picks up a rifle, puts it to his shoulder and squin along the barrel.
18) 13) dialog: Like why you're buyin' a whole slew  of 30 30 shells all of a sudden.
18) 15) dialog: You never said this Lednov's name  before, that I can remember.
18) 17) dialog: Nice.
18) 21) dialog: But it's leaded up and anyway a 22's  no good for real huntin'. You shoot  a man with a 22 and where are you?
18) 23) text: He hands Hayes some money for the shells. Hayes crosses t another part of the store to get change. Clay and Steve, has picked up the rifle again, move over to the counter.
18) 25) dialog: What was he in jail for?
18) 27) dialog: In a fight?
18) 29) dialog: This is an awful nice gun. (sighting it) Certainly come in handy when there's  men around who shoot people that  aren't lookin'.
18) 32) text: Steve's expression shows his gratitude and delight. He co up with banter.
18) 33) dialog: You must be plenty worried about  Lednov sneakin' up on us. (hopefully) Think he will?
18) 35) dialog: At the ranch maybe?
18) 37) dialog: (annoyed) Do you have to be so close-mouthed?  I'm your brother. And I'm ridin'  with you. Remember?
18) 52) dialog: (pointing) And meet him there.
18) 56) text: Steve tucks his gun under his arm. As he passes the count he picks up the hardtack and starts eating it.
19) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED TOWARD Sheriff's office. Up the street men are gathering around the sheriff's office. Some are  mounted. Some are tightening their cinches. Clay and Stev come out of the store to look up the street. Steve munche the hardtack.
19) 1) dialog: (motioning) Sure a lot of guys lookin' for Lednov.
19) 3) dialog: Why?
19) 5) dialog: Lednov.
19) 7) dialog: I don't like him.
20) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT. A woman's hat lies on the rocky earth. It is big, elaborate affair. O.s. there is the SOUND of hoofbea the SQUEAL of a wagon brake and the JANGLE of harness. CA PULLS BACK and ANGLE WIDENS to reveal Clay's wagon coming down a very steep hill. Steve is driving, holding tightly the reins and riding the brake. Seeing the hat, he yells Clay.
20) 1) dialog: Another one, Clay.
20) 3) text: ANGLED DOWN hill. The road twists tortuously down. Near t bottom it swings sharply at right angles into a dry wash. The banks shut out further view of the road. Near where t road turns a trunk lies at the side. It has broken open a some of the contents are spilled out in the dust. Clay ri to it, reins in his horse and looks down. Steve, with  difficulty, pulls the mules to a stop alongside.
20) 4) text: featuring trunk and wagon. Clay swings out of his saddle, starts tossing the clothes back in the trunk. Steve jumps down.
20) 5) dialog: They sure must have been travelin'.  This keeps up we can start a store.
20) 7) text: Steve holds up a petticoat close to his body and grins.
20) 8) dialog: I'd look good doin' the ploughin' in  this.
20) 9) text: Clay takes it from him, puts it in the trunk and shuts th lid. Steve helps him hoist the trunk into the wagon bed.  Steve gets back in the seat. Just as Clay is about to mou he stops and picks up a small folding daguerrotype case  delicately ornamented. He lifts his eyebrow, tucks the ca into his pocket, then mounts and starts ahead around the  bend.
20) 12) text: Clay gallops forward to pull up near the surrey. In the b Steve drives the wagon around the bend. Clay dismounts.
20) 20) text: on rear of surrey. In the B.g. Steve pulls the wagon to a stop, jumps off, and comes running over.
20) 21) dialog: Jimininy. You sure were lucky, just  bustin' a wheel.
20) 30) text: Steve tugs at his battered hat.
20) 31) dialog: (shy) Pleased to meet you, ma'am. (brightly) We found your trunk. Were you doin'  the driven'?
20) 40) text: Steve looks at Clay hopefully. He likes the prospect of h these lovely women along.
20) 46) dialog: (proudly) Morgan blood. The beat in Nevada.  Clay and me have a place on the  Toulomne River. We're going to raise  horses like these.
20) 52) text: Helen has finished her cigarette. She passes the makings Steve. He hesitates, looks at his brother and, when he se Clay is occupied with Mary, starts rolling one.
20) 57) text: Steve finishes his cigarette. Again he hesitates, then no wanting to seem young in front of these women he takes a  bold step and lights it. Clay reaches over and takes it f him. Mary watches the byplay.
20) 59) text: Steve, embarrassed and hurt, turns quickly away. Helen lo after the boy.
20) 71) text: on rear of surrey. In the B.g. Steve pulls the wagon to a stop, jumps off, and comes running over. Elaine stands fo moment, searching the ground with her eyes.
20) 72) dialog: Jiminy. You sure were lucky, just  bustin' a wheel.
20) 88) text: Steve tugs at his battered hat.
20) 89) dialog: (shy) Pleased to meet you, ma'am. (brightly) We found your trunk. Were you doin'  the drivin'?
21) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Dust rises over the road as the cavalcade move forward. Clay, rifle across his lap, rides in front. The  wagon, with Mary driving and Helen beside her on the seat follows. The two horses that pulled the surrey are tied t the tail gate. Then comes the remuda with Steve bringing the rear.
21) 2) text: Steve. Steve proudly carries his new rifle across his lap He whistles happily as he scans the desert country hopefu for the enemy.
22) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Long shadows of the hills lie on the grassy me along the stream that is bordered by cottonwoods and will A knoll overlooks the camp site. The caravan can be seen it halts in the lush grass a few yards from the stream. T girls sit lifelessly on the wagon; they seem too tired to dismount. Then, finally, Marcia helps Elaine to climb sti down. With the exception of Mary they all let themselves  down in the grass. Mary walks to the head of the team and starts fumbling with the harness. Steve comes into the sc dismounts quickly and pulls the saddle off his horse. The remuda has fanned out, the horses moving toward the water Steve crosses to Mary and takes over the job of unbucklin the harness. Mary smiles gratefully and rubs her hand acr her face.
22) 2) text: Steve straightens, looks towards the horses and moves off He speaks to Mary over his shoulder.
22) 3) dialog: Leave that unharnessing for me, Ma'am.
22) 16) text: ANGLED PAST wagon. Clay tosses the saddle into the wagon  bed, slaps his mare on the rump. She trots off. Climbing on the wheel, he gets the grub box under the seat and lif it down. Steve comes from out of scene and starts unharne the team.
22) 17) dialog: (trying to be casual) Where'd they go?
22) 20) dialog: It's sort of nice having company  along. Not so lonesome.
22) 23) text: He fans the small flame with his hat. Steve leads the mul down toward the stream.
22) 24) text: ANGLED PAST Clay. In the B.g. Steve stands by the stream, letting the team drink. O.s. the women can be heard laugh and splashing. Steve gives all his attention to what is g on downstream. Clay puts wood on the fire, opens the grub box. He sees Steve, takes the coffee pot out of the box a heads for the stream.
22) 25) text: ANGLED PAST Steve downstream. Behind the willows the girl are bathing. However they are too far away to be seen cle and the willows make a fairly effective screen. Clay walk upstream and fills the coffee pot, then comes back to sta for a moment beside Steve. Steve, who hadn't seen Clay un now, suddenly gets very busy giving all his attention to mules.
22) 26) dialog: (to mules) You boys have had enough.
23) 0) text: MED. SHOT. It is a moonlight night. Clay squats on his he smoking. The rifle lies across his knees. Below can be se the campfire, and the shadowy forms of the girls as with  Steve's help they make up a bed under the wagon and cook evening meal. Clay suddenly reacts as O.s. a horse whinni Standing he looks off into the darkness.
23) 2) text: the camp. As Clay approaches. Steve squats by the fire. H has spread out a tarp in the circle of firelight and Mary setting the tin plates, cups, etc., out. Elaine, a blanke around her, sits near the fire. She looks tired and ill.  Marcia and Helen are struggling with bed-making under the wagon.
23) 4) text: Steve and Mary look up as Clay strides up. Clay starts ki dirt over the fire.
23) 6) text: Steve jumps up and hurries to the wagon. Clay continues  kicking dirt over the fire.
25) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH willows PAST Clay and Steve. T brothers have taken up a post overlooking the road. The  horseman walks cautiously toward them. He stops, listenin Then he drops his reins and comes forward stealthily. The horse stands.
25) 1) text: Clay and Steve. Steve, finger on trigger gives Clay a  questioning glance. Clay shakes his head.
25) 3) text: on road. The man, now seen clearly for the first time, st He is Jim Clayton, a man in his twenties, chunky, round-f stolid and not too imaginative. He wears the well-worn je and blue shirt of the farmer. Clay and Steve come out of willows toward him. Both have their rifles ready.
25) 9) text: Clay and Steve lower their rifles.
25) 15) text: Steve shakes Jim's hand.
25) 17) text: Clayton turns back toward his horse. Clay and Steve wait him.
26) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED BACK ALONG the trail. Mary and Helen,  tense and worried, stand at the edge of the camp, looking off. Marcia is with Elaine under the wagon. From o.s. com the SOUND of men's voices. Clay, Steve and Clayton, leadi his horse, come into view.
26) 2) text: Clay, Steve and Jim are now close to Mary.
26) 38) text: CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS as he turns back to the fire, embarra by the spot he's in, and throws wood on it, Mary watching him. Steve comes over to Mary.
26) 39) dialog: (friendly) I would!
26) 44) text: Clay gives Steve a gentle push. Steve exits.
27) 1) text: Mary in close F.g. The campfire burns low. Steve lies on stomach close to it. Clay stops beside him to glance down then moves on to sit on a rock above the fire. Mary start toward the fire.
27) 2) text: Steve. Open in front of him is a copy of Leslie's Weekly, woman's journal: pictures of baby basinettes, whale-bone  corsets, fancy oil lamps, etc. Mary comes into scene to s above him, looking down. Steve glances up and smiles.
27) 4) dialog: I can't read, Ma'am. I just look at  the pictures.
27) 9) dialog: Since I can remember, Ma'am.
27) 12) text: Mary and Steve.
27) 13) dialog: It wasn't Clay's fault. We've been  moving around most all the time --  mebbe when we get the ranch and stay  in one place I can learn my letters  then --
27) 17) text: Mary, Steve and Clay. Behind them, Clay rises and comes d nearer the fire.
27) 19) dialog: I sure would.
27) 21) dialog: That'd be swell. (shyly) You know, you're an awful lot  different than I thought you'd be.
27) 23) dialog: You're so nice.
27) 25) dialog: Oh no. Nobody said nothing to me.  Only I got the idea that -- well  Clay and me used to be walking through  town and there was your place and  through the window I could see you  dancing, but Clay always took me  over to the other side of the street.
27) 27) text: Steve looks up, then rises reluctantly.
27) 28) dialog: Good night, Miss Wells.
27) 30) text: Steve exits. Mary looks after him, then up at Clay.
29) 10) text: Steve. He is sitting up, pulling on his boots. From under the bedclothes he takes his rifle and starts toward the w
29) 11) text: wagon. Clay stands with Mary at the wagon as Steve comes Helen is sitting up in bed, a comforter pulled around her
29) 18) dialog: Don't you worry, Miss Wells. We'll  find her.
29) 21) text: He starts down toward the meadow. Steve follows. Helen  scrambles out from under the wagon.
30) 2) text: Steve nods and splashes across the creek to follow the ro leading west. Clay starts toward the meadow where the hor graze.
31) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Steve moves slowly along the road away from ca He is scanning the dust for Elaine's footprints.
34) 0) text: MED. SHOT. This is rough country, the rocky hills covered sparsely with scrub pinon pine and brush. Steve stands on rise. He looks around for a moment, then turning starts b down the slope. Suddenly he stops and listens, as from O. comes the SOUND of distant sobbing.
34) 1) text: Steve. He listens, trying to locate the sound then he hur down into a dry wash.
35) 0) text: Steve crashes through the brush into the wash, to stop be Elaine who sits with her head buried in her arms, sobbing
35) 1) text: Steve and Elaine. Steve drops on his knees beside her. El doesn't look up. Steve shakes her.
35) 2) dialog: Ma'am -- you shouldn't have run off  like that. Why I was just about to  give up lookin'. Come on, now.
35) 4) dialog: You can't stay here. There's snakes  and it's cold and you'll just get  sicker.
35) 6) dialog: Suppose that Lednov was to have found  you, instead of me. Why you wouldn't  have had a chance.
35) 8) dialog: What's botherin' you, anyway?
35) 10) dialog: Runnin' off and worryin' people.  Makin' it tougher on Clay than it is  already.
35) 12) dialog: Don't act so -- crazy.
35) 14) dialog: (relieved) That's a good girl.
35) 16) text: Steve, holding Elaine's arm, scrambles up the bank and th the brush.
35) 17) dialog: That's it. Watch out where you're  steppin' --
35) 19) dialog: That oughta be -- (then sharp) Down.
35) 22) text: Steve and Elaine.
35) 23) dialog: Lednov --
37) 1) text: his ANGLE. Riding toward him are several horsemen. The ho move at a walk. One carries a double burden. Steve walks  along behind. Clay spurs his horse and rides down toward  them.
37) 2) text: Clay, in the B.g., comes down the hill. The horsemen, sev of them, with Sheriff Gardner in the lead, followed by a  deputy, carrying Elaine in front of him, file past camera Steve, hands in his pockets, walks dejectedly in the dust cloud kicked up by the horses.
37) 3) text: featuring Clay and Gardner. Clay reins in his horse besid Gardner, who also stops. The others rein in. Steve stops short distance away.
37) 16) text: He wheels his horse and rides off, followed by the others Clay watches him go. Reluctantly Steve moves slowly up to stand near Clay.
37) 17) dialog: There was only three of them at first.  I guess I lost my head.
37) 19) dialog: They were quite a ways off and the  wind was blowin'. I didn't have them  to aim.
37) 22) dialog: Clay --
37) 24) dialog: A man can't help gettin' excited  once in a while.
37) 26) dialog: Can I have my gun back?
38) 1) text: Clay's party. Clay rides in the lead. The wagon follows a Steve is riding beside the wagon. Behind is the remuda, a the horses are straying off the road in search of grass.
38) 2) text: wagon - (MOVING). Featuring Steve and Mary. Elaine lies u the seat and Helen sits beside her. Steve is reciting the alphabet to a simple melody usually sung by children of s or seven.
38) 3) dialog: (stumbles embarrassedly) Gee, I can't.
38) 5) dialog: I'm too old for it, Miss Wells...  That's for little kids.
38) 7) dialog: (resolutely) Okay. A-B-C -- D-E-F -- G-H-I --
38) 8) text: Clay. He turns in his saddle where he rides ahead of the  team. He notices Steve riding at Mary's side and reins in his horse.
38) 10) text: Steve and Mary. Steve stops his letters. looks off. The w moves up to Clay and stops.
38) 14) text: Steve hesitates hoping he'll change his mind.
38) 16) text: Steve wheels his horse and rides back. Mary looks over at Clay.
38) 21) text: He wheels his horse and rides after Steve.
38) 22) text: Steve is driving the horses back into the road. Clay ride up to help him. The horses fall in behind the wagon. Stev takes up his position in the rear. Clay rides over beside him.
38) 28) dialog: (flat) I won't again.
38) 32) text: Steve looks over at his brother and finds a wry grin.
38) 33) dialog: Okeh, I was wrong. But you can't  expect a fellow who never saw Lednov  and never heard his name until a  while ago to do too much worryin'.  You've been sorta close mouthed about  him.
38) 35) dialog: Sure I remember. You went to Mexico  lookin' for cattle.
38) 37) dialog: (offended) Sure I do. Went off down to Mexico  or something...
38) 39) dialog: Oh... that's the time you went away.
38) 41) dialog: (looking off) Maybe you shoulda killed him.
38) 43) dialog: Yeah, it does.
38) 45) text: Steve smiles warmly at him.
38) 51) text: rain -- the caravan. Clay leads it through a rain that ha filled the ruts in the trail, soaked the horses to gliste black -- and obscures all view of the country through whi they are passing. SOUND of rain falling is loud. Clay and Steve both wear slickers, gleaming from their shoulders t the rumps of their horses. Mary, a tarp around her should drives. Elaine and Helen huddle under a tarpaulin in the  wagon bed.
40) 0) text: LONG SHOT. Clay's cavalcade moves forward along the trail There are cloud patches overhead and faintly in the back  country thunder rumbles. The mules pull the jolting wagon forward in a slow trot. Clay rides ahead. Steve and the r follow.
57) 0) text: FULL SHOT. Mary and Helen stand close to the steve, looki anxiously toward the bedroom door as Clay and Wyatt come  out. Clay closes the door. Wyatt, dazed by the shock of s his daughter again, stands momentarily staring at the clo door. Then very slowly he turns and looks at Helen and Ma
58) 6) text: O.s. Steve whistles the tune of the A B C song as he come out of the barn.
58) 8) text: Steve approaches from the barn.
58) 16) text: O.s. Steve whistles the tune of the A B C song as he come out of the barn.
58) 18) text: Steve approaches from the barn.
58) 21) text: Steve comes up.
58) 22) dialog: Hello, Mr. Wyatt.
58) 24) text: wagon. Steve picks up a couple of valises and some blanke and heads for the house, still whistling. In the b.g. can heard the mutter of voices as Clay and Wyatt talk.
59) 0) text: Helen is sitting at the table, eating a piece of bread an drinking coffee. Mary stands at the window. Steve is hear coming up the steps and across the porch. He pushes the d open and enters.
59) 1) dialog: (cheerfully) Where do I put your things?
59) 4) text: Steve stands with his arms full, looking at Mary.
59) 5) dialog: Aren't we stayin'?
59) 9) text: Steve hesitates.
59) 11) text: Steve exits.
60) 0) text: MED. CLOSE. Steve stops on the porch. He is puzzled, worr He glances back then over toward the fence where Wyatt an Clay are talking. He shrugs and starts off toward the wag
68) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH window PAST Mary. The ear morning sun fills the yard. Steve is in the corral harnes the mules. Clay and Wyatt are taking Mary's and Helen's t out of the wagon.
74) 2) dialog: What comes after Z?
74) 4) dialog: (happily) Then I know my alphabet.
74) 7) dialog: And that's tough, isn't it?
74) 12) dialog: I'll bet I'd be reading in a week if --
74) 15) text: Steve gets some courage. He comes over to his brother and faces him.
74) 16) dialog: I don't think it's fair --
74) 18) dialog: Leaving them here when we could just  as well take them. We got plenty of  room in the wagon. And -- and --  they cook and drive the mules. They  don't bother anybody.
74) 20) dialog: (weakly) There's only two of them now.
74) 24) text: He rides off. Steve, delighted, runs to start loading the girls' things. Helen hurries into the scene.
76) 0) text: LONG SHOT - ANGLED WEST. The forest is fairly open, yello pine, lodgepole and fir. To the West can be seen the bald red granite domes of the higher range. O.s. there is the  SOUND of the cavalcade approaching. CAMERA PANS AROUND an ANGLES PAST. Toward camera, comes the cavalcade, climbing slowly. Far in the distance and down can be seen the wast of desert and the barren hills of Nevada. Clay, a rifle a his legs, is riding on one side of the wagon. Steve rides beside Mary, who is driving. The remuda trails behind. He lying in the wagon bed, cannot be seen.
76) 1) text: ANGLED PAST Steve. Steve has a copy of Leslie's Weekly op on the pommel. Helen lies full length in the wagon bed,  occupying herself by giving herself a manicure with an or stick.
76) 2) dialog: It's a lot tougher than I figured.  Knowin' my letters is one thing. But  makin' sense out of words is harder'n  trackin' weasel after rain.
76) 4) dialog: -- and even if I do learn to read,  what use'll it be? I'm goin' to live  on a ranch!
76) 7) dialog: U-n-i-c-o-r-n-... What in heck's  that?
76) 9) dialog: What do they look like?
76) 11) dialog: Horses with horns! Huh! Do we have  'em in Nevada?
76) 13) dialog: How about California?
76) 16) dialog: Then if they wasn't alive, how can  they be an animal?...
76) 17) text: Mary starts to protest -- Steve goes on.
76) 18) dialog: An' if you can't hunt 'em and even  if you could they'd be tough, what's  the use of knowin' how to spell them?
76) 20) dialog: (stubbornly) I feel good anyways.
76) 23) dialog: I'm not, but there's some of it I  don't see any sense to.
76) 26) text: ANGLED PAST Mary. Steve in the b.g. Mary looks after Clay puzzled, wondering. Then she looks over at Steve.
76) 28) dialog: (grinning) Now I know what a unicorn is, what  do we do next?
77) 3) text: Clay, as he peers down. He cocks his rifle. The voices of Mary and Steve and the SOUND of the approaching wagon can heard o.s. Clay turns his head.
77) 4) text: the cavalcade. Mary and Helen are in the seat of the wago Steve rides alongside.
79) 1) text: Down the hill in the forest, is the wagon. Beyond it the  horses stand. Steve is stretched out on his stomach study his magazine. Helen is sitting on a tarp playing solitair Clay starts down the hill toward the camp.
79) 16) text: Mary, in the f.g., is staring after Clay. Helen is watchi her. Steve has risen and walks up behind her. He smiles a her.
79) 17) dialog: Nobody's gonna catch him sleeping.  Don't worry about him.
79) 19) text: She starts down toward the wagon, Steve walking beside he and CAMERA TRUCKING WITH them THROUGH the forest.
79) 20) dialog: (softly) You were worryin'.
79) 22) dialog: Sometimes not knowin' how to read  has its points. You can't read books  so you look at people and figure 'em  out.
79) 24) dialog: Sure.
79) 25) text: They have passed Helen, playing solitaire on the canvas, have reached the place where the grub box stands. Steve  spreads a tarp for her.
79) 26) dialog: I'll fix us somethin' to eat.
79) 27) text: Mary sits down. Steve opens the grub box and takes out so plates, tinned food and hardtack.
79) 28) dialog: Like when you were standin' there  looking after Clay. I knew right off  what you were thinking. Because I've  been watching you.
79) 30) dialog: I was doin' both. Here.
79) 36) text: Steve sits on the edge of the grub box and picks up his p
79) 37) dialog: Don't pay any attention to him. That's  his way and I've found he's sure  easy to get along with. I don't  recollect him havin' hit me more'n a  couple of times and I guess I had it  comin'.
79) 39) dialog: He'll treat his wife just as good.  Maybe better. Ever see him use a  bull snake on the mules like other  wranglers?
79) 41) dialog: Yes sir, Clay's nice to be around. (the clincher) He don't chew much and when he does  he spits outside.
79) 43) text: Steve looks over at her, embarrassed, a little hurt by he tone. He rises, takes Mary's empty plate and his own and  goes over to the little spring to wash them. Mary looks  sharply at Helen. Helen shrugs. Mary rises and follows St over to the spring.
79) 46) dialog: (offhand) Oh, sure.
79) 48) text: She kneels beside him. Steve looks over at her.
79) 49) dialog: I like to do things for you. Didn't  you know?
80) 1) text: Clay rides into the shot, his rifle ready. The wagon foll Then the remuda with Steve bringing up the rear. Steve al holds his rifle ready. Both men are wary, watchful,  apprehensive.
82) 32) text: The wagon moves down toward the river. Clay disappears in the canyon. Steve and the remuda follow the wagon.
85) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT. A tarp is stretched over the camp. There a crude stone fireplace, a rough table and two benches.  Shelves are nailed between the trees. In a small lean-to  there is a bunk with Fowler's bedroll on it. Fowler stand watching Mary and Holen as they get out of the wagon. The horses sproad out across the meadow. Steve and Clay dismo Both unsaddle. Helen, Mary and Fowler exchange glances. T the two women walk toward the camp, which is behind a scr of trees.
85) 8) text: Steve has come into scene and is looking at them. He smil with pleasure and surprise.
85) 9) dialog: (innocently) Want the wagon unloaded, Clay?
85) 11) text: Steve nods, smiles at both of them and goes out of scene. Clay and Mary face each other. Suddenly Clay swings aroun and goes out of shot after his brother.
85) 13) text: Clay and Steve. CAMERA MOVES AHEAD of them as they walk t the wagon. Steve has begun to whistle blithely. Clay look sideways at him. Steve whistles even louder. They stop at the wagon. CAMERA HOLDS. Steve climbs inside and hands do the grub box.
85) 14) dialog: I -- I think it'll be swell.
85) 15) text: Clay puts the grub box on the ground. Steve tosses out th bed rolls, then jumps out. He grins up at Clay.
85) 18) text: Steve watches him, puzzled. His exuberance has gone.
85) 20) text: Abruptly Clay turns and indicates the grub box. Steve wat him.
85) 22) text: Steve nods and carries the grub box out of the scene. Cla stares after him. Then he picks up the bed roll and moves around the wagon.
87) 30) text: ANGLED PAST Clay. Below is the camp. Beyond the camp, thr the trees, stands the wagon and Steve is hitching up the  mules. Clay hesitates, then follows.
88) 22) text: Steve has entered the camp and is standing looking at the open-mouthed. Mary moves over to Fowler and holds out her hand.
88) 29) text: He moves on past her, motions to Steve.
88) 31) text: Steve hesitates.
88) 33) text: He stalks away, followed by Steve. Mary turns and looks a him.
88) 38) text: Mary throws her arm off and moves after Clay and Steve. H looks at Fowler and shrugs.
88) 39) text: the wagon. As Mary hurries up to stand by the tail gate,  Clay and Steve, now mounted, spur their horses and start  across the meadow.
88) 45) text: the meadow. Clay and Steve have almost reached the horses Steve turns.
88) 46) dialog: Clay -- look!
89) 5) text: Clay gallops toward the river. Steve comes around the ben in the trail.
89) 12) text: Clay and Mary in f.g. Steve swims his horse across and ri up the bank to dismount near them.
89) 19) text: Mary gets to her feet. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. Steve stands the b.g. She looks out at the river.
89) 29) text: He turns and sees Steve standing scowling at him. He take the rest of his anger out on Steve.
89) 31) text: Clay strides over to his horse and swings into the saddle Steve stands looking at Mary.
91) 0) text: EXTREME LONG SHOT. The long pine-covered approaches, and glistening summit; the early snow covering the rocks with thin layer of white. CAMERA PANS DOWN FROM the heights of the mountains, TO the narrow trail that winds among the t Clay passes, and behind him the pack-horses and the romud Following the remuda comes Mary. She is dressed in a pair Steve's pants and wears one of his shirts under her own c
105) 3) text: the pack train. Mary, half asleep, slumps forward. Her ho has stopped. Steve rides up alongside and looks over at h anxiously.
105) 4) dialog: Are you all right?
105) 5) text: Mary starts into wakefulness. She smiles at Steve.
105) 7) dialog: It's a long ways yet. (arrogantly, to Clay) I figure we ought to camp. She's  tired.
105) 9) text: He rides on ahead. Steve looks after him, annoyed, then  follows with Mary.
106) 2) text: He throws the saddle down, takes his rifle out of the  scabbard. Steve doesn't move.
106) 11) text: He turns a way abruptly and goes toward the road. Mary lo after him, disappointed. Steve comes over and helps her d
106) 12) text: Steve and Mary. Steve spreads a tarp on the grass.
106) 13) dialog: You stretch out. I'll fix something  to eat.
106) 15) text: Steve goes back and starts unpacking the horses. Mary loo off in Clay's direction, then stretches out and pillows h head on her arm. Now the sun is coming up and driving the darkness out of the meadow. In the distance Clay can be s climbing up on a rise.
106) 18) text: INTO the meadow. Steve has unpacked the horses. They graz inside the crude corral. Steve is collecting wood for a f Clay hurries down toward him.
106) 19) text: Steve squats beside the pile of needles, twigs and pine c He strikes a match and sets the needles aflame. Clay hurr into the scene and roughly kicks the fire out. Steve rise
106) 21) text: Steve is ashamed of his thoughtlessness and for a moment apologetic.
106) 22) dialog: I didn't stop to think, Clay.
106) 24) text: Clay turns and goes over to where the packs lie. He kneel beside the pack, rummages in them for hardtack and tinned food. Steve looks after him.
106) 25) text: Steve. He is hurt and angry. Knowing he was in the wrong  about the fire doesn't help matters. He'd like to go off the woods and cry, but that's out of the question. Instea he follows Clay and stands above him.
106) 27) dialog: Maybe you and me better split up  when we hit Sonora.
106) 30) dialog: That ain't why. I just figure it's  about time to start runnin' my own  life.
106) 33) text: Steve stares down at him angrier, more hurt than ever.
106) 35) dialog: I'll eat when I'm good and ready.
106) 37) dialog: What makes you think you're so  almighty? Telling people what to do  and how to act when you don't even  know how yourself.
106) 39) text: SHOOTING TOWARD Steve and Clay PAST Mary. She is asleep.
106) 40) dialog: You ain't even man enough to own up  when you're wrong.
106) 41) text: Clay rises and stands facing Steve.
106) 42) dialog: Go on, hit me.
106) 44) dialog: You oughta say you're sorry -- that's  what you oughta do.
106) 46) dialog: Maybe I haven't lived as long as you  have, but I know a sight more about  people and I wouldn't talk to a mule  like you talked to her and, if I  did, I'd say how sorry I was. I'd be  man enough to do that.
106) 47) text: Steve's voice rises during this speech. In f.g. Mary stir and opens her eyes. Then she sits up.
106) 49) dialog: You think you're so slmighty -- smart --  Who are you to sit up there and say  nobody's good enough for you, like  you said yesterday -- just because a  man kisses a woman --
106) 50) text: Mary has risen. She is listening to Steve. She is also  listening to the bells.
106) 54) dialog: Well, if you didn't mean it, why did  you kiss her?
106) 57) text: Steve swings for his chin. Clay ducks the blow, grabs Ste wrist. Steve swings with his left, hitting Clay ineffectu Clay pins Steve's arms to his side.
106) 59) text: She walks toward them as Clay releases Steve and steps ba Steve puts his hands up, making ready for another round.
106) 62) dialog: You don't know what it is to be sorry.
106) 64) text: Steve turns abruptly and moves away. He is on the verge o tears.
108) 22) text: Clay starts scribbling a note. In the b.g. Steve has move up beside the stage. He stands looking up at Mary.
108) 23) text: featuring Mary and Steve.
108) 24) dialog: (shyly) Goodbye, ma'am.
108) 27) text: Steve's expression hardens. He glances toward the back of the stage, then at Mary.
108) 29) text: Clay and the driver come around the stage. Steve steps ba The driver climbs into the seat. Clay and Mary look at ea other.
108) 33) text: Before Clay can speak, the driver snaps his whip and the  stage jerks away down the road. Mary doesn't look back. C in f.g., looks after it. Dust rises. It disappears around bend in the road. Clay turns and starts across the meadow Steve looks after Clay, hesitates, then follows.
108) 34) text: as Clay reaches the spot where the kyacks and saddles are thrown. Steve comes up to him.
108) 35) dialog: You know what she asked me?
108) 37) dialog: She told me not to fight with you  anymore. She said it wasn't your  fault, but -- I figure different...
108) 39) dialog: It is so your fault and... and I  guess maybe when we hit the ranch...  you andme better...
109) 1) text: Clay and Steve as Clay turns sharply.
109) 3) text: Steve looks over toward the horses, stalling.
109) 4) dialog: Half of them are mine.
109) 6) text: Turning, he crosses to where Steve's horse stands. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. He loads the horse back, throws a blanket a saddle on and cinches up the saddle. Steve watches, angry and hurt. Clay steps back.
109) 8) text: the two brothers. They stare at each other. Steve is on t verge of tears. Hurriedly, he swings into the saddle.
110) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Steve rides along the road. He pulls his horse in, then glances back.
111) 0) text: LONG SHOT - Steve's ANGLE. Clay is carrying the belonging into the shelter of the forest. CAMERA PANS OVER and UP.  Momentarily a horseman is seen riding into an open space.
111) 1) text: Steve as he stares. Then understanding his brother's acti he jerks the reins and swings the horse around and rides  back toward the meadow.
112) 0) text: MED. SHOT - Steve gallops across the meadow to the corral swings off and starts unsaddling. Clay is inside the fore lighting the fire.
112) 1) text: Clay. He looks over toward Steve, then rises and hurries  toward him.
112) 2) text: Clay and Steve. Steve takes down the bars and puts the ho in the corral. Clay comes up to him as he's putting the b back up.
112) 4) dialog: Like I told you, half those horses  are mine. I'm makin' sure they get  to the ranch safe. So let's quit  arguing and do whatever you figure  on doin'.
112) 7) dialog: (gruff) Sure. What other reason would there  be?
114) 1) text: Below Clay, Steve lies in a cut in the rocks, watching th camp. Clay motions toward the hill. Steve nods.
116) 10) text: McCall moves off to circle around in back of where Clay a Steve wait. Lednov watches him go then, moving to the she of the rocks, waits.
123) 0) text: Clay and Steve crawl down and away from Lednov and McCall positions. Steve grins at Clay. He is enjoying this.
124) 0) text: MED. LONG SHOT. McCall, rifle ready looks down toward the base of the log where Steve now waits. A twig snaps below He sights the rifle, waiting.
129) 0) text: UP ANGLE PAST Clay. The flash of sunlight on McCall's rif attracts Clay's attention. He fires. From behind him, Ste fires. Clay runs across the open area. Steve fires again.
131) 6) text: Steve. He is standing recklessly trying to find Lednov in the rocks above.
134) 0) text: MED. FULL SHOT as Clay fires, Steve starts running down. crosses the creek.
135) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN. Lednov sees Steve running. He swings hi rifle away from the horses and tries to get the boy in hi sights. Clay fires again. A bullet smacks into the tree.  Lednov flinches. Then again he tries to center on Steve.
136) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Steve runs, bending low, toward the rail fence bullet kicks up dirt near him.
137) 0) text: LONG SHOT - DOWN. Steve has almost reached the fence. Led fires. Steve stumbles and goes down.
137) 1) text: Steve. He lies still a moment, then painfully he crawls t the rails and with a great effort tries to tear the rails down. Lednov fires. The bullet whistles past. Steve pulls the fence down, crawls away from the opening. The horses, milling around the corral break through. Steve lies still face down.
138) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Steve sits propped up against the fence rail. shirt is off and his shoulder is crudely bandaged. Clay, has been putting the bandage on, stands and takes a sack tobacco from his pocket.
138) 2) dialog: Kind of sore.
138) 4) dialog: (shyly) Guess maybe I'm old enough to hold  my own in a fight, huh?
138) 6) dialog: So -- maybe I'm old enough to tell  you how to run your life?
138) 8) dialog: Well, then, I know it takes three --  four weeks for you to come round to  admit when you're wrong... But by  that time she's liable to be in  China...
140) 0) text: FULL SHOT - featuring hotel and doctor's office. The sher posse, the bodies of Lednov, McCall and Wheeler slung acr the backs of horses, and Clay's remuda, trot down the str People come out of the hotel to watch the cavalcade pass. Clay and Steve are not with the posse. Clay's horse is  tethered in front of the doctor's office which is next do to the hotel.
141) 0) text: MED. SHOT - ANGLED THROUGH window. Clay, back to camera, holding a kerosine lamp. The doctor, a lanky, middle-aged man, is working over Steve, who is stretched out on a tab
142) 0) text: MED. SHOT. Shelves filled with bottles line the room, for the doctor is also the druggist. There is a glass cabinet which are the doctor's instruments. The room is cluttered The lamp, held by Clay, throws a circle of pale light dow on Steve. The doctor is working on Steve's shoulder and a
142) 3) dialog: Maybe you're not, but I'll sure be  glad when you stop pokin' me.
142) 5) text: Steve. He smiles up at Mary.
142) 20) text: He straightens into the shot. CAMERA PULLS BACK TO MED. S Steve is now bandaged.
142) 22) text: As Clay lifts Steve to the cot the doctor exits. Mary wat Clay cover Steve. Then she goes to the door leading to th street, stops with her hand on the knob.
142) 24) dialog: Goodnight, Miss Wells.
144) 0) text: ANGLED PAST Steve on cot. In the b.g. through the open  doorway, Clay and Mary kiss. Steve watches a moment, then turns his head toward camera. He smiles and closes his ey