9) 2) dialog: Gene...? CYNTHIA McCLARY appears, fifties, hair already done, make robe, elegant. She's a little irritated. CYNTHIA (cont'd) Where've you been, the car's picking us up in half-an-hour? She waits, but he doesn't answer. She doesn't pursue it. CYNTHIA (cont'd) Wait till you see the dress I found at Louis'. Salvatore Ferragamo. Fabulous. (points as she goes) . Stephanie finally brought a table by for the window. I like it. Over by the window, a spindly antique table with an orchi perched on top. He wanders to it, the ribbon tied price t discreetly attached to the single drawer. Turns it over: "18th Century Windsor Side Table $18,500.00" He looks up, catches his distorted reflection in the anti panes of the window, not sure he likes what he sees, as w
10) 27) dialog: Gene, they need us up front.
10) 161) dialog: You okay? He just keeps staring out to the pier and the water below She waits for a moment, then gives up, starts back inside
10) 163) dialog: He's young. He'll be alright. Gene doesn't respond. She watches him, then: CYNTHIA (cont'd) You were his boss Gene, not his father. Still nothing, the distance between them is painful. CYNTHIA (cont'd) Sue and I are talking about sneaking down to Miami for a weekend later this month. Some shopping, a little golf? Think you could slip away? Christ. He looks off, annoyed. She sees it. CYNTHIA (cont'd) Fine, we'll go without you. She starts back inside again. He calls after her.
10) 165) dialog: That's great, sweetheart. Disappears back into the house leaving Gene, very alone.
12) 206) dialog: What are you doing out here, it's freezing? He takes a beat.
12) 208) dialog: Could you have stopped it? He doesn't answer, doesn't want to answer. She watches hi then carefully:
12) 212) dialog: We could sell this place. Live out on the Vineyard like we've always wanted to.
12) 214) dialog: Travel, buy a place in Florida or San Remo. Sail, play a little tennis, golf.
13) 0) text: Gene turns his BMW into the long drive that leads up to h house. The garage door slowly opens to REVEAL Cynthia‘s cream-colored Mercedes CL-Coupe, his meticulously restore ‘59 Corvette and spotless varnished concrete floor.
14) 0) text: Gene walks slowly to the door. Slips his key into the loc INT. GENE‘S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALLWAY 90 It's quiet, still. Elegantly decorated for the holidays. White insettias and narcissus compete with blood red amaryllis. A beautifully appointed Christmas tree, carefu wrapped gifts in silver and gold piled high underneath. He stands there, frozen, overcoat on, car keys still in h Cynthia's distant voice calls from somewhere upstairs:
14) 1) dialog: «--Gene...? A quiet resolve comes over him. He looks around the house one final time. Staxts back for the front door. CYNTHIA (OS) (cont'd) Gene? She appears at the top of the stairs just in time to hear front door CLOSE. Comes down a few stairs. But the hallwa is empty. He's gone. Off Cynthia we -- cur TO:
21) 0) text: Gene turns the Aston into the drive that leads to his hou The garage door opens to REVEAL Cynthia's Mercedes, the varnished concrete floor, and his empty parking spot. He hesitates, then slowly pulls the Aston into the garage
22) 0) text: He walks to the door. Starts to slip his key into the loc Stops. Hesitates. Turns to go. * Cynthia opens the door. Stands there, silent. He doesn't know what to say. She considers him for an agonizing beat. Then opens the d wider to let him in. As he disappears inside, off Cynthia cUT TO: