0) 0) text: We're GLIDING ABOVE an elegant silver coffee service, tra of cut fruit, bagels. Men and women in business attire ta notes at linen covered banquet tables, nurse coffees.
0) 55) text: Bobby makes his way to the big office at the end of the h Pushes through etched doors that announce: * Eugene McClary Executive Vice President - Transportation Systems
1) 0) text: WE FOLLOW a chauffeured town car as it pulls up next to a waiting Gulfstream, the GTX logo on it's fuselage. Gene a Stevens climb out of the car. Stevens is pissed.
1) 2) text: “The Company Men" Shooting Draft 3/30/09 10. 15 CONTINUED: is STEVENS (cont'd) Christ, could you try, just try, to be a little less candid for once?
2) 0) text: Blonde woods and beige leather seats. Fresh flowers and newspapers arrayed on the serving buffet. A waiting GTX stewardess takes their coats.
3) 0) text: Bobby steps off the elevators, carrying his box, the blaz guards watch from the security desk. He stops for a momen the vast lobby. Other fired workers pass. He takes one la look around, in shock. Starts out -- *
3) 3) text: accusingly, still carrying his boxes. Many cars are alrea gone. Ruptured lives captured in a still life of empty parking spots. Others carry similar boxes, plants, knickknacks. Men, women. Trunks open, car doors. Bobby nods as he passes, the faces haunted, frightened. A woman in the spot next to him loads her few things, tea streaming down her face, it's the woman from Conal's offi Diane. They stare at each other for a moment. He doesn't
5) 0) text: She's enter's from the garage, arms loaded with groceries a new garden hose.
6) 0) text: Phil pulls his late model sedan into the driveway of his brick home. Climbs out, looks up at the house, apprehensi Pulls his briefcase from the car. Starts in. * CcuT TO: *
7) 0) text: Phil steps through his front door, tosses keys into a dis The house is comfortable but a little tired, middle-class family photos everywhere. Makes his way into -- *
8) 0) text: Wool wall-to-wall carpeting, dark colonial reproductions, more family photos. Phil finds her passed out on top of t comforter, fully clothed, shoes kicked off. An empty wine glass on the end-table. He exhales, starts for the closet
10) 75) text: 41 42 43 "The Company Men" Shooting Draft 3/30/09 31. CONTINUED: 4l
10) 103) text: the silk tie. Turns away with the resigned sadness of a weary veteran watching green recruits arrive at the front Cut TO:
10) 206) text: Mr. Walker? A large woman jammed into a suit several sizes too small.
12) 55) text: Increased efficiencies, reduced costs.
13) 0) text: Gene turns his BMW into the long drive that leads up to h house. The garage door slowly opens to REVEAL Cynthia‘s cream-colored Mercedes CL-Coupe, his meticulously restore ‘59 Corvette and spotless varnished concrete floor.
14) 0) text: Gene walks slowly to the door. Slips his key into the loc INT. GENE‘S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALLWAY 90 It's quiet, still. Elegantly decorated for the holidays. White insettias and narcissus compete with blood red amaryllis. A beautifully appointed Christmas tree, carefu wrapped gifts in silver and gold piled high underneath. He stands there, frozen, overcoat on, car keys still in h Cynthia's distant voice calls from somewhere upstairs:
15) 0) text: Gene comes from the kitchen, carrying mugs of coffee. Paj bottoms, Bruins T-shirt. Sets one mug on the edge of the dining table, collapses into a chair, opens up the paper. Wilcox comes downstairs, heels, suit, slim briefcase tuck under one arm, pulling on earrings. Slows slightly at the sight of him parked at her table. *
16) 0) text: WE'RE ON GENE, sitting unhappily at a table crowded with Wilcox's friends. Everyone's at least a decade younger th he is. The table's littered with bottles of wine and Ital food recently dumped from take-out containers to platters It's noisy, four conversations going on at once, none of involving Gene. Gene focuses on drinking instead.
16) 1) dialog: Bullshit, nobody's earning 5% I'd try it. in this market...
16) 3) dialog: Taking on a lot more risk. It'd be a hell of a rush. Gene watches it all with a certain detached irritation. L the rules of cricket being explained to you in Farsi.
16) 15) dialog: You have kids, Gene?
16) 17) dialog: Yeah? How old?
16) 19) dialog: Wow, out of the house. Lucky you.
16) 29) dialog: So, five percent? Really?
20) 0) text: Wilcox comes down the stairs, heels striking wooden steps she descends. Suit, briefcase tucked under one arm. Steps into the kitchen, slows at the sight of Gene parked the table, reading the newspaper. A mug of coffee waits f (CONTTNUED)
20) 60) text: after row of nicely spaced lathe. Danny sticks his head i
21) 0) text: Gene turns the Aston into the drive that leads to his hou The garage door opens to REVEAL Cynthia's Mercedes, the varnished concrete floor, and his empty parking spot. He hesitates, then slowly pulls the Aston into the garage
22) 28) text: ‘I can't pay you for working today. Wind rustles Bobby's hair, he takes « deep breath, smiles I'11 get started on the flashing. Pulls on his tool belt. Danny starts back for the ladder.
22) 41) text: I'm thinking about making ea bid for Gloucester. , HL k her ise) {t to mas! s trying ? ure: GENE . Allied doasn't want it. We've got the killed labor, we renegotiate with the unions, start small, age if we can Grow. There's still a business. there. tha chooses not to angege sbout the shiprente, Then: