0) 3) dialog: Great, then my job here is done. That gets a laugh from the analysts.
0) 7) dialog: People love to talk about percentages Ned, our people do, you people do. But when we do sales forecasts in a mature manufacturing sector like transportation, we should be focusing on how to maintain growth in absolute dollars.
0) 9) dialog: I'm suggesting that we face increased foreign competition and a difficult market for large capital expenditures like shipbuilding, so 2011 will probably end even or a little up from 2010. I call that an excellent result in this credit climate but you're probably going to call it disappointing. Stevens looks quickly for another hand.
0) 12) dialog: I'm confident that while shipbuilding will remain challenged, the rest of the Transportation Systems Group will continue to contribute significant growth to GTX in coming quarters. Haspel's still unsatisfied but Gene points to another han GENE (cont'd) Yes, in the back. Off Gene's frozen smile as an analyst begins a question w
0) 55) text: Bobby makes his way to the big office at the end of the h Pushes through etched doors that announce: * Eugene McClary Executive Vice President - Transportation Systems
1) 0) text: WE FOLLOW a chauffeured town car as it pulls up next to a waiting Gulfstream, the GTX logo on it's fuselage. Gene a Stevens climb out of the car. Stevens is pissed.
1) 3) dialog: So we're lying to financial analysts now? That the new profitability plan? Follow them up the steps and into --
2) 1) dialog: What do you want? More inflated guidance so we can under perform every quarter again next year? Gene takes the best seat in the middle of the cabin.
3) 12) dialog: Miss me?
3) 19) dialog: Make yourself at home, Phil.
3) 24) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? Phil looks at Karen.
3) 28) dialog: She fired you?
4) 0) text: Gene bursts from the elevator, pushes into --
4) 7) dialog: What were you going to do? Let me read about it in tomorrow's Journal? Gene's yelling at the man seated at the head of the table Fifties, greying and charismatic, JAMES SALINGER.
4) 9) dialog: You closed two of my ship yards?
4) 11) dialog: Yeah, and I told you it was a shitty idea. The other men at the table stare at their shoes, trying t stay out of the crossfire, very uncomfortable.
4) 13) dialog: It's my goddam division!
4) 17) dialog: I'm gone for a day and you gut one of my divisions?
4) 19) dialog: The entire economy is flat. We're in the middie of a damn recession. Salinger moves behind his desk, searching for something.
4) 21) dialog: Everybody's stock's in the toilet.
4) 25) dialog: Three thousand jobs?
4) 27) dialog: We're in a capital intensive industry -- in case you forgot -- and credit markets are frozen. We're looking for ways to cut costs --
4) 32) dialog: We'll figure it out, I just need --
4) 34) dialog: We innovate, we re-tool --
4) 36) dialog: I have to be included in any decision that involves one of my divisions. 16. 24 (CONTTNUED )
4) 40) dialog: They were good people, Jim.
9) 0) text: Gene enters, drops his briefcase on the table in the larg entrance hall. The house is Architectural Digest perfect, flowers, art. Makes his way to the drink cart in --
10) 23) dialog: Absolutely Chuck, how's life at Betcher? A Brooks Brothers suited handler leans in to Cynthia, whispers something we can't hear as Dysert continues:
10) 25) dialog: The bastards. What's the big deal about dumping toxic waste into the Hudson, huh?
10) 28) dialog: Say hello to Ellen for me, would you? Dysert and Phil watch them disappear into the crowd, then (CONTTNURD )
10) 37) dialog: Actually, if memory serves correct, I was GTX's only employee at the time. (scattered laughter) We weren't GTX then. We were a couple of kids fresh out of business school, with more energy than sense, and a crazy idea. A crazy idea that my friend Jim Salinger had the talent, determination and (MORE )
10) 69) dialog: Bobby Walker call back?
10) 71) dialog: He leave a message?
10) 73) dialog: See if he can come by for lunch today.
10) 78) dialog: With Ship Systems and Rail Products merged we're reassigning sales regions. Hands out binders. A few chairs around the table are vaca as if those who used to occupy them may have been contagi GENE (cont'd) Phil, where are we on Royal Caribbean?
10) 80) dialog: Well calm ‘em down, we need that boat. The unhappy execs thumb through the binders, incredulous.
10) 83) dialog: Tell ‘em you're lucky you still have a job. Inactive accounts. I want to know what we're going to do to get the business back. Client by client. A groan goes up as they settle in for a long morning and
10) 105) dialog: Sorry I'm late, how you holding up?
10) 107) dialog: Maggie's alright?
10) 111) dialog: Glenlivet, rocks. (she goes) It wasn't my call, Bobby. We believe him, Bobby doesn't.
10) 113) dialog: Salinger's under pressure to boost the stock price before someone comes in and forces him to break up the company. A lot more jobs would be lost in a merger than in this downsizing.
10) 115) dialog: I've been calling in some markers -- Gene offers Bobby a folded list of names, phone numbers. GENE (cont'd) Tom Borden at Lockheed, Pat Leahy at Raytheon, you'll recognize most of them. Bobby doesn't take it. It's awkward. Finally Gene reaches for the menu stuck in behind the napkin dispenser. GENE (cont'd) Come on, let's get something to eat.
10) 117) dialog: Bobby. Take the names. Bobby reaches across, takes the list as he goes.
10) 150) dialog: Nice.
10) 152) dialog: Not sure we can. Liam's talking about coming home for Christmas with Helen and the baby.
10) 156) dialog: The best. Gene's still guarded, upset. Salinger sets the photo back down on the cadenza, considers Gene.
10) 162) dialog: Had lunch with Bobby Walker, I thought he was going to throw a drink in my face.
10) 164) dialog: Stock closed up two more today. My options are worth half-a-million dollars more than when I woke up this morning. But there's no joy in it. She smiles, missing his meaning
10) 232) dialog: Jim's worried, thinks we're a target.
10) 234) dialog: It's what he does.
10) 236) dialog: Sells off the health care unit and rail 8, closes Gloucester. He'd still have consumer electronics, the turbine and defense units, boom. ...We're a bargain now. Sally Wilcox steps out of the bathroom, silk slip, lace b Begins pulling her clothes off the back of a chair. GENE (cont'd) Hell, stock's been flat for so long, we miss another quarter Lipton’1l be able to round up enough votes to wage a proxy fight. Install his own board. She wiggles into her skirt, pulls on her Anne Fontaine blouse, slip into her heels. He watches, it's very sexy. GENE (cont'd) But Jim won't go down without a fight, I'm sure he's already out there looking for a white knight. Roberts or maybe Keets, somebody with deep pockets. He stops, staring off, lost in the possible scenarios. Sh watches him, smiles. He notices. GENE (cont'd) what? She leans in close, bites at his lip playfully, whispers: (CONTTNITED)
10) 240) dialog: Straight-line or declining balance...? She moans seductively, kisses his face, neck.
10) 242) dialog: Well, capital assets have to be deducted over the number of years that you anticipate the asset will be in use -~
10) 244) dialog: But the problem with heavy manufacturing assets is determining the length of time ...the assets...will be in service... He's having trouble concentrating as she works her way sl onto his stomach, his eyes closing. GENE (cont'd) +..To get an un-depreciated salvage value...for when it's sold or scrapped... Her hand wanders under the sheet. A beat and then her BLACKBERRY goes off. She hesitates, smiles at him. He smirks as if to say "don't". But she does. Sits up, pulls the Blackberry from her bag, reads it.
10) 246) dialog: Reschedule. She smiles, stands. Finishes buttoning her blouse. GENE (cont'd) Lunch again next Tuesday?
12) 3) dialog: Nothing good. Sees Phil standing numb, frozen halfway into the room. GENE (cont'd) You need something Phil?
12) 54) dialog: How are we supposed to boost the share price again? Salinger takes a beat, knows it's not going to go down we
12) 56) dialog: More downsizing?
12) 62) dialog: Maybe Lipton is right.
12) 65) dialog: All right. What about selling the new headquarters building?
12) 67) dialog: Not if we keep firing people, we're not.
12) 71) dialog: Jim... Jim...! Gene catches up to Salinger and Archer walking in the gla walled boardroom hallway. Salinger doesn't slow. GENE (cont'd) gim, come on... Salinger slows reluctantly. Archer's still there. GENE (cont'd) Give us a minute, would you? (Archer moves off) What do you want me to do, parrot back everything you say? (Salinger stiffens) I've always told you what I thought, right or wrong. And this is wrong. f SALINGER, I'm late for a meeting. And Salinger goes. Off Gene, left alone in the hallway, w
12) 102) dialog: I'm sure you've gotten worse. She looks at him. Yeah she has, but she doesn't need to h it from him. After a moment:
12) 104) dialog: I don't know. I'1l1 have to see. (changing the subject) Hansen get you started on the new list? She eyes him, isn't sure they should be discussing this. GENE (cont'd) I was in the meeting, Sally.
12) 106) dialog: How many? (she doesn't answer) How many?
12) 108) dialog: What's the criteria for getting canned this time? Hell, Gary Hunt's put ona few extra pounds, maybe he should go. Heard Jill Carter has cancer, we could save a bundle on her insurance premiums. She stares at him, doesn't answer, climbs out of bed, hun for her lingerie on the floor. Gene takes a breath -- shi GENE (cont'd) Sally... Nothing, her back to him, pulling on her clothing. He reaches across, gently touches her back, but she stands, disappears into the bathroom. Off Gene --
12) 150) dialog: She's sixty, I doubt her "kids" are still in school, much less calling her Mommy. (and) Phil Woodward's on here again. Gene's staring at Wilcox. lLandry looks around, answers.
12) 152) dialog: I wasn't talking to you, Dick. It's tough, meant to shut Landry up. It doesn't. *
12) 156) dialog: What are you, deaf? Shut the fuck up. (back to Wilcox) The Royal Caribbean thing wasn't his fault, they were frightened away by all the takeover talk.
12) 158) dialog: Cut the Harvard Business school bullshit and take him off the goddam list. She's shocked, a deer in the headlights, looks to Hansen support. Hansen leans forward to Gene, proceeds evenly.
12) 160) dialog: I'm looking and all I see are people over fifty with just enough young ones thrown in to protect us against litigation. Hansen stares flatly at Gene.
12) 162) dialog: What about ethical scrutiny?
12) 166) dialog: I guess I always assumed we were trying for a higher standard than that, Paul.
12) 181) dialog: What the hell was "what"?
12) 183) dialog: You put Phil on the list?
12) 185) dialog: So loyalty and experience mean nothing?
12) 187) dialog: So don't do it.
12) 191) dialog: Yeah, I guess it is. Wilcox stares at him. Then, simply:
12) 207) dialog: We're firing more people.
12) 211) dialog: And do what, garden?
12) 213) dialog: You could learn needlepoint while I try my hand at watercolor landscapes. She's stung. But presses on:
12) 215) dialog: I hate golf. \ She's tired of it, of him. She stares at him for a moment then turns and goes. Off Gene, brooding in his chair in t gathering darkness, barely registering that she's left, w
12) 231) dialog: Hey, Phil. Grab a drink. (back to the group) So the guy keeps babbling in Mandarin for what, ten minutes? Fifteen?
12) 234) dialog: Hang on, Phil. So at the end of this hour long rant we turn to the translator and the guy says... "Mr. Lan say no." Now everyone's laughing, Lake, Jane.
12) 236) dialog: Jesus Phil, grab a drink. It's a party. (CONT TNURD )
12) 241) dialog: Where is he?
12) 243) dialog: When will he be back?
12) 245) dialog: What Board meeting? Oh, shit. It's terribly awkward for both of them. Then:
12) 249) dialog: Find Sally Wilcox and tell her to get her ass up here now!
12) 254) dialog: You fired Phil?
12) 256) dialog: Hire him back.
12) 258) dialog: Godammit Sally, we talked about this.
12) 260) dialog: We built this company together. From nothing. Karen realizes what's happening.
13) 0) text: Gene turns his BMW into the long drive that leads up to h house. The garage door slowly opens to REVEAL Cynthia‘s cream-colored Mercedes CL-Coupe, his meticulously restore ‘59 Corvette and spotless varnished concrete floor.
14) 0) text: Gene walks slowly to the door. Slips his key into the loc INT. GENE‘S HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALLWAY 90 It's quiet, still. Elegantly decorated for the holidays. White insettias and narcissus compete with blood red amaryllis. A beautifully appointed Christmas tree, carefu wrapped gifts in silver and gold piled high underneath. He stands there, frozen, overcoat on, car keys still in h Cynthia's distant voice calls from somewhere upstairs:
15) 0) text: Gene comes from the kitchen, carrying mugs of coffee. Paj bottoms, Bruins T-shirt. Sets one mug on the edge of the dining table, collapses into a chair, opens up the paper. Wilcox comes downstairs, heels, suit, slim briefcase tuck under one arm, pulling on earrings. Slows slightly at the sight of him parked at her table. *
15) 2) dialog: Not much. He turns the set on, CNN. She picks up the coffee he left for her, talks to the back of his head.
15) 4) dialog: Who?
16) 0) text: WE'RE ON GENE, sitting unhappily at a table crowded with Wilcox's friends. Everyone's at least a decade younger th he is. The table's littered with bottles of wine and Ital food recently dumped from take-out containers to platters It's noisy, four conversations going on at once, none of involving Gene. Gene focuses on drinking instead.
16) 6) dialog: What?
16) 8) dialog: Not recently, no.
16) 16) dialog: Two.
16) 18) dialog: Thirty and thirty-two. Robin and Tom share a look. Gene sees it, so does Wilcox.
16) 20) dialog: Yep. Potty-trained and everything. Wilcox shoots Gene a warning look.
16) 22) dialog: Excuse me?
16) 24) dialog: I'm getting into the internet.
16) 28) dialog: Surfing. There's an uncomfortable silence. Wilcox stares. Finally:
17) 0) text: Gene and Wilcox walk toward his Aston. It's cold, wet.
17) 4) dialog: I told you I didn't want to come. She stares at him, then gives up, starts back for the car GENE (cont'd) Five percent on distressed assets and sky diving? Jesus Christ...
18) 2) dialog: Think you and Susan could get away for a week in June? We're renting a house out on Stonewall Beach.
18) 4) dialog: I've been asked to join a couple of boards. Dynex, Procar.
18) 6) dialog: I don't know, thought of sitting around a conference room slogging through revenue projections and quarterly earning reports makes me want to put a gun in my mouth. (CONTINUED)
18) 10) dialog: Yeah?
18) 12) dialog: What?
18) 14) dialog: I hadn't heard. Gene stares off, lost. Then: GENE (cont’d) So what do you say, the Vineyard in June? (and) Your mother'll be okay with it. Liam gives his father a sideways look. After a beat:
18) 16) dialog: Stonewall Beach?
18) 20) dialog: You've only been with Merck for a year.
18) 22) dialog: You don't want to get a reputation for bouncing around. The baby's really fussing now, Liam takes him back.
18) 24) dialog: This would be your third job since Yale.
18) 26) dialog: That's not the point.
19) 0) text: Gene makes his way down the street, looking for something Stops. Heads into -- * “The Company Men" Shooting Draft Goldenrod 5/15/09 101.
19) 2) dialog: What're you doing?
19) 4) dialog: I called over to outplacement, see if you wanted to have lunch. They said you haven't been coming in much lately.
19) 6) dialog: Couple of weeks now.
19) 8) dialog: Why don't you let me drive you home?
19) 12) dialog: Want to go to the movies? (Phil looks up, what?) Catch a matinee. They must still have Matinees. Get a bucket of popcorn, couple of those big Cokes. Phil grins in spite of himself. *
20) 0) text: Wilcox comes down the stairs, heels striking wooden steps she descends. Suit, briefcase tucked under one arm. Steps into the kitchen, slows at the sight of Gene parked the table, reading the newspaper. A mug of coffee waits f (CONTTNUED)
20) 48) dialog: Lorna's pretty worried about you, has you wrapped around a tree somewhere. A pint bottle of Chivas stands lonely sentinel on Phil's hood. He finds another rock, turns it over in his hand, weighing. Rears back, flings it with a mighty GRUNT...
20) 50) dialog: What're you doing? Digs another rock out of the ground. Releases it with a thundering GRUNT, slips in the gravel, almost falls.
20) 52) dialog: Tom Brady couldn't hit that building from here on his best day. Phil stares at the building, chest heaving with exertion.
20) 56) dialog: I could -- Phil shakes his head, "no". After another moment:
20) 104) dialog: Can Maggie give Sally a ride home?
20) 107) dialog: -We used to make something here. Before we got lost in the paperwork. The Nevada was built here. The Montana. The center of the floor is a massive rollered V, standing ready for another launch that will never come. GENE (cont'd) We had a frigate up front once and a missile boat behind. Phil started here, in hull assembly. He was a scrawny little bastard. Fearless, he'd hang upside down on a bosun's chair seventy feet off the shop floor to weld an overhead seam, Christ. (then) Two thousand men per shift, three shifts (MORE)
20) 111) dialog: One day you're making fifty bucks, then five thousand, then five million. Gene stops at the edge of the water, looks out to the sea GENE (cont'd) You start with some crazy idea, take insane risks, make barely enough to feed your family, not a chance you're gonna succeed. Then all of a sudden you've got all these things and you're terrified of losing them. Stock options, and company jets. Vacation homes in the Bahamas. A container ship BLASTS it's horn, far out in the bay, heading to sea. Gene watches it's progress for a moment. GENE (cont'd) Truth is, I liked the five hundred doliar lunches and thousand dollar hotel rooms. (a eevecrni hi And now eve: ig I spent thirty years helping to build for myself and everybody else is gone.
20) 127) dialog: Kind of shitty. I was recently fired by my best friend. {Salinger doesn't respond) We missed you at the funeral.
20) 129) dialog: We built something together here, Jim. With these people. It wasn't just you and it wasn't just me. It was all of us.
20) 131) dialog: You made twenty-two million last year. These people have lost their homes, their marriages, the respect of their children.
20) 135) dialog: +..I'm sorry. Gene means it. But Salinger refuses to accept his concern
20) 137) dialog: (after a moment) Congratulations.
20) 139) dialog: Jim, (Salinger stops) We never worked for the stockholders, we worked for ourselves. We got fat and the people who trusted us to look out for them got run over. They deserved better. Salinger turns, disappears into the building. Off Gene, watching him go we ~-
21) 0) text: Gene turns the Aston into the drive that leads to his hou The garage door opens to REVEAL Cynthia's Mercedes, the varnished concrete floor, and his empty parking spot. He hesitates, then slowly pulls the Aston into the garage
22) 39) dialog: A tew.
22) 41) text: I'm thinking about making ea bid for Gloucester. , HL k her ise) {t to mas! s trying ? ure: GENE . Allied doasn't want it. We've got the killed labor, we renegotiate with the unions, start small, age if we can Grow. There's still a business. there. tha chooses not to angege sbout the shiprente, Then: