10) 4) dialog: How go the suit wars, Bobby? JACK DOLAN, Maggie's brother, high school quarterback handsome, with the broad, calloused hands and weathered f of a man who works for a living. He's cutting the celloph off supermarket steaks and plates of brats -- plopping th down on a platter in the tiny kitchen. Bobby hadn't seen JACK (cont'd) Move any more high-paying American jobs offshore to Asian shitholes this week?
10) 6) dialog: Surprised you could make it, no early flight or golf game? Those are the usual excuses, aren't they?
12) 11) dialog: Doing a big renovation in Roxbury, next to that house I did last year. Nice bonus when I finish it by September.
12) 14) dialog: How's work, Bobby? Line up more dollar-a- day Laotian preschoolers to stitch tennis shoes for you in Bangkok? Kevin smiles. Bobby doesn't. Drew and his cousins run bac from the yard, make their way to the table. The room is chaotic. Kids, food making it's way to the table, a big s bowl is being passed around, a basket of fresh baked roll
12) 16) dialog: I was reading about your guy Salinger in the Globe the other day.
12) 28) dialog: Things get tough, I could always use some extra help this winter. Bobby looks back at him, what?
12) 30) dialog: They'll be lots of work, four thousand square feet. We're gutting the place. It was hard for Jack to offer.
14) 55) dialog: Don't think you're gonna be needing that just yet.
14) 62) dialog: Keep ‘em coming, Bob. Bobby pushes himself off the wall, starts back down.
14) 72) dialog: Fifteen years, she's still trying to get me to eat tomatoes. Davey watches Bobby, stands, comes over, sits. Leans in, examines Bobby's brand new leather work gloves.
14) 86) dialog: Easy work, huh Bobby? Pretty much like moving cost reports from the in-box to the out-box, am I right? But he's yelling to air, bucket-boy Bobby is gone.
15) 23) dialog: Paycheck.
15) 27) dialog: I must have made a mistake. Pops it into gear, goes. Off Bobby watching him go --
18) 30) dialog: Got busted again. Jack starts for the front door, pissed. Bobby turns to Davey, lost in his usual haze of cigarette smoke.
18) 35) dialog: You still have that tool belt?
18) 44) dialog: You finally done? Jack enters with Davey, grimaces, shakes his head. * JACK (cont'd) Christ, that is ugly. Starts back out. Bobby calls after him.
18) 46) dialog: Hope he isn't slower than you. Jack goes. Davey's surveying Bobby's work. Nods, smiles.
18) 50) dialog: It's another tequila sunrise... Bobby comes gingerly across the beams to meet Danny and d the plywood into place for Davey to nail. *
22) 13) dialog: A bit.
22) 17) dialog: Sometimes I'm up, sometimes I'm down. It all works out in the end. These guys still aren't friends and never will be, but there's now a growing respect.
22) 19) dialog: Yeah? Decent pay?
22) 21) dialog: Thousand? Jack shakes his head, picks up his Skill saw to cut.
22) 23) dialog: The world's a fucked-up place. Bobby watches as Jack RIPS the saw through a board loudly
22) 25) dialog: Can I be honest with you, Bobby? Take the job, you're a terrible carpenter. Bobby laughs, he's not hurt. DANNY. Christ, can't they make these damn things any lighter? Danny's appeared at the top of the ladder, wrestling a bu of shingles up onto the roof with a THUD. Jack stares at Bobby. Danny climbs up onto the roof, straightens his bac