4) 8) dialog: We're in the middle of something here --
4) 10) dialog: Consolidating divisions has been under discussion for months.
4) 12) dialog: Your opinion was taken into --
4) 14) dialog: And it's my goddam company! Utter silence. Then Salinger turns to the others, evenly: | SALINGER (cont'd) Excuse us gentlemen, would you please? The execs beat a hasty retreat as the two men stare at ea other. As soon as they're gone, irritated:
4) 18) dialog: Stock's stalled, revenues are flat.
4) 20) dialog: I only closed two of the shipyards, I should have closed all three. Our stock's in the fucking toilet.
4) 22) dialog: The stockholders need to see their share value maximized.
4) 23) text: Then sel] the damn Degas -- Over the desk. Shit, it is a Degas. Salinger doesn't engage, searches around on his desk until he finds a note
4) 24) dialog: Heard you put on quite a show in Chicago. You told a roomful of analysts you're not going to generate any growth next year?
4) 26) dialog: Ship System's labor costs are the highest in the industry, your health care and pension obligations are exploding.
4) 31) dialog: You're getting killed by the Japanese and the Koreans. Hell, even the fucking Vietnamese are handing you your lunch.
4) 33) dialog: Christ Gene, we're not some shitty little shipyard anymore! I can't keep pouring money into your --
4) 35) dialog: American heavy manufacturing is dead. Steel, autos, and your precious ship yards. Our future is in health care, infrastructure, power generation.
4) 39) dialog: You wouldn't have agreed to the cuts. You would have gone behind my back to the Board again! Right...? Gene doesn't answer. Salinger's right, he would have. The stand there for a moment, staring at each other. Finally:
4) 41) dialog: They're.not our responsibility. We work for the stockholders now.
10) 149) dialog: I come bearing gifts. He carries a bottle of Scotch, two glasses. Jacket off, t loose. Plops down in the chair in front of Gene's desk. SALINGER (cont'd) (CONT'D) Glenury Royal. 50 year old single malt. Gene eyes Salinger warily as Salinger opens the bottle, p two generous drinks.
10) 151) dialog: Better be. Strick sent it over, bastard lost me a bundle on some bullshit hedge fund play on distressed financials. (hands Gene a glass) You and Cynthia going to join us in Sun Valley for New Years again this year? Kay's been asking.
10) 155) dialog: Hell, bring ‘em along Grandpa. Kay would think she'd died and gone to heaven if there was a baby around. Oe OF Notices a framed photo on the cadenza behind Gene's desk. SALINGER (cont'd) Christ, is that Alaska? The two of them in fly-fishing gear, all smiles, holding up for the camera beside a wild river. Salinger picks it SALINGER (cont'd) Good times, huh?
10) 157) dialog: I can't have you challenging me in front of senior staff. They respect you. When you question my judgement, you undermine my leadership. If you disagree with a decision I've made, I need you to bring it up with me in private. Gene watches him, at least now he knows why Salinger's he SALINGER (cont'd) There are going to be more difficult decisions ahead. I need to know I can count on your full support. Salinger's gotten deadly serious. Gene knows what's being asked of him. Takes a long moment before finally, nodding Salinger smiles broadly, relieved. Drains his scotch. SALINGER (cont'd) Good. I've always hated single malt scotch. Don't know how you drink it. And with that, he goes, leaving the bottle. Off Gene --
10) 194) dialog: Lipton doesn't want a couple hundred * million, he wants the company. *
10) 196) dialog: Paul, your office is over there.
10) 198) dialog: No. This floor is just for the five of * us. David, CFO's office. Noah, there. Salinger's enjoying himself, pointing. The Emperor granti tracts of newly conquered land to his favored generals.
12) 49) dialog: So we need our stock at one hundred two. That get's everyone's heads up out of their papers. A bea
12) 51) dialog: I can add, Noah.
12) 53) dialog: We don't have to get all the way to one hundred. It gets into the mid-nineties we'll show we're on a positive trend.
12) 59) dialog: Increasing market value isn't a "stunt". It's now so quiet you can hear the hiss of forced air hea rushing through vents. But Gene presses on:
12) 64) dialog: I'm not breaking the company up.
12) 68) dialog: I'm not selling the new building! It's an eruption. It silences the room. After a few uncomfortable beats, Salinger turns to Hansen. SALINGER (cont'd) Tell Human Resources to start drawing up a list for another round of downsizing.
20) 126) dialog: How have you been, Gene?
20) 128) dialog: I was sorry to hear about Phil, how's Lorna holding up? Gene doesn't honor that with an answer, looks off. Then:
20) 130) dialog: They got a paycheck every week, medical care if they got sick, disability if they got hurt. This is a business, not a charity.
20) 132) dialog: We did what the market required of us to survive!
20) 136) dialog: Don't be, my shares are worth six hundred million.
20) 138) dialog: How much are your shares worth now? Twenty million? Thirty? Gene doesn't answer. Salinger smiles, starts to go. SALINGER (cont'd) I have to get to work.