0) 1) dialog: ...we've reviewed our pipeline of some 500 projects and programs... The CAMERA MOVES ALONG the dais, placards set in front of slightly bored panel participants, behind them a banner a corporate logo announce: GTX Global Transportation System STEVENS (cont'd) ..-focusing on those with significant marketing opportunities and jettisoning everything that won't contribute immediately to our profitability... The CAMERA APPROACHES a man in his sixties, STEVENS, dron on. WE DON'T SLOW, continue along the row of exec faces. STEVENS (cont'd) Selecting thirty-seven as promising strategic growth programs and setting aside the rest for future consideration. Until we finally ARRIVE at the placard in front of a bore Eugene McClary Executive Vice-President - Transportation Systems Doodling an elaborate geometric design on a hotel note pa As Stevens finishes, several analysts raise their hands.
0) 10) dialog: Another question?
1) 0) text: WE FOLLOW a chauffeured town car as it pulls up next to a waiting Gulfstream, the GTX logo on it's fuselage. Gene a Stevens climb out of the car. Stevens is pissed.
1) 1) dialog: Honesty's the best policy? Gene doesn't answer, starts for the plane's stairs. ({CONTTNURD )
1) 2) text: “The Company Men" Shooting Draft 3/30/09 10. 15 CONTINUED: is STEVENS (cont'd) Christ, could you try, just try, to be a little less candid for once?
2) 2) dialog: 20112 I'm worried about the damn share price tomorrow. But Gene isn't listening, stares out the window sullenly the engine's power up. STEVENS (cont'd) Salinger's gonna blow a fucking gasket. cut TO:
10) 192) dialog: He's just trying to goose our stock. He gets it up ten a share, he can walk away with a couple hundred million in profit. *
12) 47) dialog: Doesn't matter. When it got out that Belcon Capital was looking at Ocean » Steel, shares jumped ten.
12) 50) dialog: That's seventeen more a share.
12) 52) dialog: We're already in danger of not making our quarterly. We start fooling around and miss our numbers again -~
12) 66) dialog: You've seen our future occupancy studies, we're going to need the space.