0) 0) text: The hall is full.  On the stage, DR. HELEN HUDSON is speaking.  HELEN is a forensic psychologist.  Behind her a projected diagram: PREDISPOSITION, DISSOCIATION, TRAUMA FANTASY, VIOLENT FANTASY, FACILITATORS, MURDER, and TRAUMA-REINFORCEMENT which she can point to with a laser pointing device.  We see her from a considerable distance... the back of the balcony.  Her voice is crisp assured.
0) 1) dialog: Our society creates these socially and psychically disenfranchised men, and their revenge on society is terrible.  They are hard to catch.  They are "the nice guy next door," their employers -- if they work at all -- find them quiet and uncomplaining.  Early abuse and rejection have taught them passivity.  Only in their violent fantasies do they feel alive.  What they seek in their frenzied assaults on their victims is relief from passivity.  For these men, ten minutes relief is worth far more than the life of another human being.  Torture, the pain they inflict, the screams of the victim, are all part of the ritual that gives them a brief respite from their own psychic pain.  And then the depression, the forgetting, the feeling of sadness and despair begins the cycle all over again. Like addicts seeking their drug, Albert DeSalvo, Bianchi and Buono, Berkowitz, Dahmer, Bundy -- they seek out their next victim. During the second half of this speech, the eye of the cam has moved slowly forward until it settles just behind the balcony railing.
0) 3) dialog: The cycle is endless until they are caught.  And they are caught by chance -- they run a red light, and a body is in the trunk.  A leaking         pipe brings a plumber to a basement where they is the smell of death. Her eyes have come to rest on the spot of the camera eye the balcony... Her voice chokes off.  She stares.
0) 4) text: Sitting in the front row of the balcony, a YOUNG RED-HEAD MAN (DARYLL LEE CULLUM) leans forward, resting his tattoo arms on the railing.  He smiles intimately at HELEN. HELEN cuts her eyes to the left.  She sees: Backstage, an overweight COP in plain clothes.  Instantly alert to HELEN'S alarm, he jumps up, comes within an inch exposing his presence to the audience.  A SECOND COP, in wings on the other side of the stage, also springs to attention.  FIRST COP'S eyes follow HELEN'S... Their POV:  THE BALCONY - YOUNG RED-HEADED MAN is no long there. HELEN  Can she believe her eyes?  Resumes:
0) 5) dialog: At any time, right now, as you listen, the FBI estimates there are 30 to 35 serial killers stalking their victims.  The serial killer is a plaque that must be addressed not only by the law, but by science. Florida spent eight million dollars to execute Ted Bundy.  It would have been better spent building a forensic penal facility devoted to research. Once again her eyes fix on the balcony to reassure hersel that the smiling man is not there...
0) 6) dialog: Confined for life, without parole, and subjected to scientific study, these men's lives might finally, in some small measure, educate and thereby protect society.  Thank you. Applause as Helen warily checks for the TWO COPS.  They a carefully casing the crowd.
1) 0) text: THE COP, clearly embarrassed, pokes his head in and looks around.  Under one stall he sees a woman's HIGH HEELS.  H hastily ducks back into HALL and signals an okay to Helen Before the door behind her closes, we see the COP prepare stand guard outside.  HELEN walks past the stall with the high heels to a stall several doors down.
1) 1) text: And a tattoo that the cop missed seeing on one of the ankles.  The shoes are kicked off.  The feet disappear fr view as HELEN, a few stalls away, methodically places toilet pape around the seat before raising her skirt.  A faint noise makes her freeze.  Her hand reaches for the door.  She is just able to unlock it, but no more, before a NOISE COMES DOWN FROM THE NEXT STALL. Like a lariat it falls over HELEN'S head and is violently yanked tight.  She kicks at the stall door. CORRIDOR: COP, leaning against outside door smoking, hear the clang of metal as the stall door bangs open. He reacts...
2) 1) text: Doctor Hudson?  Are you okay in there? The MAN lets slip a little slack. HELEN'S fingers, thrusting between the rope and her neck, get just enough air for HELEN to let out a strangled litt scream. CORRIDOR: COP, not certain what to do about the ambiguous sounds from inside.  Women stands nearby, inhibiting him a split second from going in the Ladies' Room door.  Now there is more SOUND from inside...
3) 0) text: COP steps into the room, gun down.  Over the COP'S should we see HELEN hanging in open booth, her hand fluttering a her throat.  She has one slippery shoeless foot on the toilet seat. COP takes a couple of steps forward.  Behind COP'S back w see a broom closet door opening. HELEN'S POV: CLOSE UP: The COP, taken from behind.  In a second, his throat is slit.  In a gush of  blood, he fall his gun still in his hand. RED-HEADED MAN standing over the fallen COP, smiling at HELEN. COP'S BODY IS TWITCHING, JERKING.  The violent contractio in his fingers cause the gun to go off... ONE... TWO SHOT the sound reverberating against the tile walls.
4) 0) text: As HELEN, in bed, bolts up from the nightmare, her hands desperately to pull the dream rope from her neck.  She is pale, her hair is dirty, there are deep circles under her eyes.  This is a woman in the throes of a breakdown. HELEN
5) 0) text: The room is neat -- nobody there.  (We will later see tha is used on and off by her computer, Andy.) HELEN whimpers in frustration; she is alone.  SHE TALKS T HERSELF as she turns back and moves past a LIVING ROOM, where she turns on lights and the TV flicks on, (COURT TV The sound comes up, loud... She moves on... trying to cal herself with the sound of her own voice... HELEN
5) 1) text: It is October twelfth, 1994 in the city of San Francisco, California, U.S.A., the strongest, richest, most stable and happiest country in the world.  That is the sole place of life in the universe.  Under God. CLOSE: XANAX BOTTLE.  Two pills are shaken out into a pal others scattering from the nervous haste... CLOSE: HELEN  Watching herself in BATHROOM mirror as she tosses down the pills, gulps water.  She regards her hagg reflection with a certain detachment... HELEN
5) 5) text: 'Lousy move.  Not really into this game, Helen.  Let's drop it.  I've got a feeling about you.  Let's meet.  Like a date.' HELEN types the following to CHESSMASTER. HELEN
5) 7) text: 'Another romantic dream gone all to hell.' HELEN
5) 8) text: 'Maybe it's better to just dream on; avoid the disappointments of life.  Come on, move.' She pushes a button on the remote, and we see the window curtains open.  BRIGHT SUNLIGHT STREAMS IN!  We see that T-shirt HELEN wears says "Shrinks 'R' Us."  She crosses t the window with her glass of cognac, looks out.
5) 11) text: You son-of-a-bitch!  Son of a bitch... Stiff with fear and rage, she slams down phone. HELEN
12) 5) dialog: As she stretches out her foot toward the paper, can't rea it. POV.  As she moves out into the hall her agoraphobia manifests itself: DISTORTED VISION THAT MAKES THE HALL STRETCH AND THE WALLS TAKE ON EXAGGERATED PERSPECTIVE; SICKENING -- VERTIGO!  The newspaper seems further away. HELEN  She drops to her knees and tries to lean out furth into the hall... POV.  The floor seems to melt and roll in waves toward he The newspaper melts like a Dali watch. HELEN sweats.  She lies flat on her stomach and crawls to the newspaper... and with a supreme effort grabs it and squirms back inside.
16) 0) text: HELEN on phone HELEN
16) 4) text: I'm really interested in your ideas.  The moon bike.  What is that? HELEN
16) 5) text: What is wrong with you people? The first two, I thought he might be on a lunar cycle because they were 28 days apart, but obviously not.  This new one is only two weeks. Pachulski is delighted at the joke he's played on M.J., M not so much... Gigi signals they're getting it. HELEN (cont'd)
16) 7) text: No, ma'am.  This is no joke.  And neither is tying up telephone lines to police with crank calls while people in trouble are trying to get through for help. HELEN
16) 9) text: Do you have any evidence to report, ma'am?  Do you know any of the victims... HELEN
16) 12) text: Helen Hudson.  Get Ruben back here? As she turns back to the phone...
17) 0) text: HELEN, now wearing slippers and shorts with the same T-sh she slept in, is standing behind the living room curtains looking down at the street.  She hears a code knock, then key turns in the lock.  She moves to greet ANDY her assistant and friend.  ANDY is laden down with groceries mail.  HELEN immediately reaches a hand up to touch his face... HELEN
17) 2) text: Would you please get your hands off my face, Tallulah?  What happened to the newspaper? He withdraws a popsicle from the bag, offers it to her. When she rejects it, he takes it for himself. HELEN
17) 4) text: Well!  Aren't we the daring one? What's morbid and ghastly enough in the news to make Doctor Helen set foot outside her door?  The antenna is gone off her car again.  I had no music, all the way to the market.  Let me find a garage for it? They're in the kitchen area; Andy unpacking stuff... expensive goodies... HELEN
17) 6) text: Are you kidding?  You buy enough gourmet junk every week... most of which rots... to garage a fleet of stretch limos. HELEN
17) 9) text: A little heavy breathing is what most of us yearn for.  Forget it. HELEN
17) 11) text: He can't phone you unless the warden gets an okay from you.  Did you give him an approval? HELEN
17) 13) text: I'm three years old.  Call the prison. Her fear is so palpable, she is so nakedly vulnerable it breaks his heart.  He puts his arms around her. HELEN
17) 15) text: When was the last time you washed your hair? HELEN (shaky, but trying)
17) 22) text: In a parked car a man is reading a newspaper that hides h face.  Behind him is parked a slightly beat up red Saab. HELEN
18) 5) text: Only kidding! RUBEN pushes the 'up' button on the window, capturing AND head in a deadlock.  Then he opens the door, gets out, sl door, forcing the squawking ANDY into a helpless frisk position.  We HEAR HELEN scream, (O.S.).  Ignoring this, RUBEN begins to frisk ANDY.
19) 0) text: Andy enters, followed by Ruben and M.J., who holds up her badge to Helen. M.J.
19) 2) text: I'm okay.  I really kind of enjoyed it. Uncomfortable silence for a beat as they try to take in what's happening, who's who and what's what.  Helen is confused, fighting back fear... M.J. (trying to communicate here)
19) 3) text: Ring the gong, he goes.  Poor impulse control. HELEN
19) 5) text: Who? HELEN (to Andy)
19) 7) text: Because of your phone calls. HELEN
19) 9) text: Are you staying long?  Shall I shut the door?  Make your coffee?  Make the beds? M.J. (to Helen)
19) 10) text: You talked to me.  Do you remember? The two women measure each other, Helen struggling to control herself.  A beat. HELEN
19) 16) text: I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you. HELEN
19) 18) text: You called us, Doctor Hudson. HELEN
19) 21) text: You're absolutely correct.  The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love. HELEN
19) 23) text: Would you want to work with us on this? HELEN
19) 25) text: I think you are.  I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours. HELEN
19) 27) text: Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.  I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts.  I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good. HELEN
19) 29) text: You can't go out lecturing?  Tough shit.  Women are dying.  Where can I lay this stuff out? She dumps files of photos, etc., out on Helen's cocktail table. HELEN
19) 31) text: You called us, Doctor, if you don't want to look at them here, how about downtown.  I'll drive you down... She pushes the pictures off onto the floor, tries to get to leave the room.  M.J. and Ruben are both appalled at t force of what is happening: an all-out panic attack... Andy races t o the kitchen; Ruben tries to help but Helen fights him off viciously, gasping for air... Andy races back in with a PLASTIC BAG HE PULLS OVER HELEN'S HEAD AND FACE...  She hyperventilates into the bag... THE PLASTIC BAG BALLOONS OUT AND BACK IN HELEN'S FACE unt she faints.  Andy deals with it like an everyday event, treating her very gently... ANDY (to Ruben)
19) 38) text: Oh, God, uniforms, more stress. Let her sleep.  It's a self-limiting: she hyperventilates till she passes out, then her breathing goes back to normal, and she wakes up singing like a lark. (rocking the unconscious Helen)
19) 42) text: Hey, no.  Leave those here.  If you really want her help.  I mean if you really do, leave them.  Let her see them.  I'll see they're safe... M.J. takes in the scene; the now soundly sleeping Helen; Andy sitting over her protectively, the files and photos strewn around.  Makes a decision... M.J.
20) 5) text: Order Chinese for us and meet me the library?  Anything but beef. She jumps in her car, still steaming, leaving Ruben to mo to his car.  AS HE MOVES CAMERA FOLLOWS, BECOMING A WIDER ANGLE TO INCLUDE FACADE OF HELEN'S APARTMENT. We can SEE ANDY, SITTING WHERE WE LEFT HIM, HOLDING HELEN
21) 2) text: ... it was your feeling after careful evaluation that he was a sexual sadist who satisfied at least four out of ten criteria in the DMS III? SHOW M.J. and Ruben watching videotapes, and eating Chine takeout.  HELEN is being interrogated by the ATTORNEY for Daryll Lee Cullum.  Helen sure of herself to the point of arrogance, which is her undoing... HELEN
21) 4) text: Without question?  He only scored 40 percent, four out of ten criteria?  Couldn't another expert say he flunked the sexual sadist test?  What curve are you marking on, Doctor? HELEN
21) 6) text: Only part.  What else?  What did you think of his claim that he tied this girl to the tree and set fire to her because Joan of Arc told him to do it. HELEN
21) 8) text: 'Lying.  He was lying.'  I asked you what you thought, not what he did. HELEN
21) 10) text: You said, first, he was lying.  How do you know that, Doctor? HELEN
21) 11) text: Because people who are suffering from aural hallucinations hear voices in both ears.  Daryll Lee told me that Joan of Arc always appeared beside him on his left side and spoke softly in his left ear. Murmur of subdued laughter in court. HELEN (emboldened)
21) 13) text: What pattern was that? HELEN
21) 14) text: The same as the first time... She catches herself.  The D.A. has leapt to his feet, but tries to sit down as though nothing was happening, but Helen, the Attorney and the D.A. all are clearly disturbe by the line this questioning is taking. ATTORNEY
21) 17) text: I agree, Doctor. HELEN
21) 19) text: What first two murders.  We don't know about them here, do we? HELEN (giving up)
21) 21) text: When was that? HELEN
21) 23) text: And you believed him when he told you he had done that. HELEN
21) 25) text: Yes, I'll accept a call for a mistrial.  Evidence of that other crime when the defendant was a juvenile is inadmissible and never should have been heard by this jury... FREEZE FRAMES. NOW WE SEE M.J. AND RUBEN LOOKING AT HELEN on the TV scre THINKING... THE DOOR OPENS AND QUINN ENTERS. QUINN
21) 27) text: The same as the firs two. Definitely a serial. QUINN (seeing HELEN on video)
21) 28) text: What are you looking at that for? Helen Hudson.  Work the clues. M.J.
21) 29) text: What clues?  I'm going to work Helen Hudson. QUINN
23) 0) text: HELEN on couch, ANDY is massaging her neck. HELEN
23) 2) text: No, dear.  You're at your best with a bag in front of your face. HELEN
23) 4) text: I wouldn't.  He'll be back.  If you want him.  The cute brutal type with handcuffs.  Very sexy. HELEN grins, and ANDY starts to tickle her, she laughs. ANDY
23) 5) text: You thought he was cute too, didn't you?  Admit... admit... HELEN now laughing a little too hard.  Suddenly the laugh changes to tears. ANDY
23) 6) text: What?  What'd I do? HELEN
23) 9) text: When are you going to call them? HELEN (big beat)
23) 10) text: About what? ANDY PRODUCES THE FILE M.J. LEFT WITH HIM.  Helen looks a it.  Andy watches her... HELEN
23) 13) text: I'll get coffee. He exits.  After a moment fighting her fears, Helen reach for the file.  She opens it and looks at the first pictur THE PHONE RINGS.  She freezes... Panic hangs in the air.. Andy answers the phone in the kitchen... ANDY (O.S.)
23) 15) text: She'll call you... No, she'll be alright, I'll sleep over on the couch in case.  But now, I told you, singing like a lark. Hangs up.  After a moment Helen bends to her work...
26) 5) text: Except for this one.  You put that one in to test me. M.J. nods, pleased with HELEN> INSERT: THE PICTURE.  The victim's body is covered with bruises.  But, unlike the others, her face has been cover HELEN (V.O.)
26) 7) text: For months... last October. HELEN
26) 9) text: How do you know that? HELEN
26) 10) text: He felt remorse.  He covered her. HELEN arranges and rearranges photos like tarot cards. HELEN
26) 12) text: Nothing. HELEN
26) 14) text: How did you know they were stockings? HELEN (sarcastic)
26) 15) text: I sent Andy out on murder missions. For God's sake -- it's the Boston Strangler, Alber deSalvo.  He used their own stockings to strangle them.  Tied in a bow-knot. She gets down a file from her bookcase and flops it open pictures of deSalvo's victims:  they are identical... HELEN
26) 17) text: The Boston Strangler, when was that...? HELEN
26) 19) text: Why imitate a dead serial killer? HELEN
26) 24) text: A little homeopathic cure for the willies. HELEN (exhausted)
26) 26) text: I'm the only friend you've got, darling, and I don't intend to stop doing what I think is good for us. HELEN
27) 0) text: As they leave, Andy is still at the door... HELEN (V.O.) (small voice)
29) 0) text: HELEN sits at side-by-side computers.  The chess game is again in progress. HELEN makes a move.  Pleased with herself, she smiles, types, "I'm creaming you." Suddenly over HELEN'S shoulder, the other screen becomes active, we see 'Message for Helen Hudson.' Engrossed in her own chess game, she does not notice the screen until, tense from sitting too long, with waiting f CHESSMASTER'S move, HELEN begins to stretch her neck and toll her head.  Now, out of the corner of her eye, she se the other screen.  Quickly, she clicks on this, and the screen prints out 'A GAME FOR DR. HUDSON PLEASE RUN THIS
32) 0) text: The computer glow, the unfinished chess game still up, an the RED-HEADED WOMAN'S joyful face on the other.  HELEN S
32) 3) text: How do you know that? HELEN (can't look at it)
32) 10) text: How did you do that? HELEN
32) 12) text: He's hacked into her Internet address.  He's a hacker. HELEN (rocking, rocking)
32) 14) text: Can you make a copy we can show on our computers? HELEN
32) 17) text: Why would he send this to Helen Hudson... HELEN
32) 20) text: I'm going to put a guard on your door. HELEN
32) 28) text: I just started it copying to tape, but the tape never ran.  It just did that... HELEN (respect)
32) 30) text: We'll show that to... HELEN
37) 5) text: She has a police radio scanner. It's always on.  She turns it off, and then she has to turn it on again.  She's obsessed.  She can't not listen to it, but she can't listen to it, so she makes me listen to it. HELEN APPEARS IN WHATEVER SHE SLEEPS IN. HELEN
37) 7) text: I don't look at pictures.  I look at the real thing.  I don't feel infected. HELEN
37) 10) text: A forgery of the Mary Sullivan murder scene, he's done it perfect. Except for the sign. HELEN (looking at photo)
37) 12) text: Look at the sign.  'Hell'?  In the Festival of Love?  You make any sense in that? HELEN stares at the picture. M.J. (cont'd)
37) 13) text: For 'Hell', read 'Helen'.  He's talking to you. HELEN
37) 15) text: Nobody knows you have anything to do with this case; nothing has been on TV or the news... Why would he want to get in your computer? HELEN
37) 19) text: The moon is up, my night to howl. Will you be okay? HELEN
37) 21) text: Look out for her.  She's tougher than you think. He goes... HELEN
37) 23) text: MaryJane.  We call her M.J. HELEN
37) 24) text: MaryJane.  You think that logic and police procedure, order and science and method will hold back the horrors of a world gone mad and the sickness of the night.  I did once. But you know how he'll get caught? He'll have an accident, or some cop will get lucky.  You can't catch him by being intelligent and working hard.  Or the worst:  there are dozens of women slaughtered in the most horrible way, month after month.  The news stories grow more grotesque and bizarre and in the city people lock their doors and windows, and hurry home before dark.  And then, one day, there are no more.  What happened?  Did he just stop?  Get tired and disgusted and decide not to kill any more? Did he kill himself?  Did he die in an auto accident?  Or a fight.  Or get sick and die?  It's like the murderer walked off the edge of the earth.  And you never know.  But you keep asking yourself -- when you read about a new murder -- is he back? M.J. stands.  She has noted Ruben's reaction to Helen's story.  There is an edge of sarcasm in her voice... M.J.
37) 26) text: All I know how t do is get up, take a shower, and go to work. Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper. Where is Andy going? HELEN
37) 29) text: We're through for the night, aren't we?  You go on.  Get some sleep. I'll stay until we can get a man out here and maybe catch a cab home. HELEN
37) 30) text: That would be much appreciated. Thanks. M.J. (to Helen)
38) 0) text: THE SILENT WATCHER'S POV through the eye of the CAMCORDER, we catch M.J. exit HELEN'S building.  She stop momentarily on the sidewalk to look up at Helen's window. The drapes swing open.  RUBEN CAN BE SEEN DOING SOMETHING THE WINDOWS... The Camcorder zooms to a close-up of M.J. She gets into her car and speeds off.
39) 1) text: You ought to get some decent locks on these.  A six-year-old could get in here.  Much less a motivated man. At the phrase 'motivated man', HELEN looks at him boldly eye. HELEN
39) 3) text: Not yet. HELEN laughs.  So does RUBEN.  Her boldness, her laughter attracts him.  His honesty attracts HELEN.  He feels the heat. HELEN
39) 7) text: Know what I mean? HELEN
40) 0) text: RUBEN is outside the door.  HELEN just inside. RUBEN
40) 4) text: Don't hesitate.  Anytime.  Night or day.  I mean that. He hods card out to her.  HELEN, holding onto the door frame, doesn't move.  RUBEN continues to extend his hand with the card in it.  It is a charged moment.  She is fro in the doorway; RUBEN refuses to make a move towards her. HELEN summons all her nerve and lets go of the door frame determined not to have any further mortification this nig she takes one shaky step out into the hallway to meet him Then a second step and a third. Her hand touches the card, takes it. She turns her head to gauge the distance she must retreat What she sees is that the door's Sureclose device has quietly and efficiently closed.  The door is locked. Frantic, she turns back toward RUBEN.
40) 5) text: RUBEN, now seems a vast distance away from her.  He is ju turning down the stairs and is gone... The hallway first narrows, squeezing her in, then expands.  She is lost in miles and miles of space between the two walls. HELEN
40) 7) text: Tell me what to do! HELEN
40) 8) text: I'm falling!  I'm going to fall! She starts to pass out, to sink to her knees, but RUBEN catches her, puts her up against the wall, handling her l a suspect.  He puts one hand on the back of her neck, spreads her legs, gets her in frisk position.  Somehow, t is comforting to her, but she is still in full-blown panic... HELEN
40) 10) text: I'm right here.  I won't let you fall. He still has a hand on the back of her neck.  Suddenly, t proximity effects him, makes him want to kiss her neck. begins to hyperventilate. HELEN
40) 13) text: Put your hands over your ears. RUBEN shoots off the lock.  Then he picks HELEN up and carries her back into her apartment.
41) 0) text: RUBEN enters and puts HELEN down on the couch, pulls a th up over her.  He sees her Xanax bottle on a table, hands to her.  She takes out three as he pours her some seltzer water, then watches her take the pills.  After which he takes the bottle and pockets it. HELEN
41) 2) text: I'll get a locksmith. HELEN
46) 8) text: Helen Hudson... QUINN
47) 3) dialog: 
47) 6) text: I'm not seeing anybody. We HEAR muffled voices -- ANDY and M.J.  HELEN, as she realizes Andy is letting M.J. in, goes to the bathroom do and tries to slam and lock it: Andy beats her to it, blocking with his foot in the door. HELEN
47) 8) text: I know.  Do come and meet your guest. M.J. appears.  Taking in Helen's condition -- due to a wi night with Ruben?  Helen moves from the bathroom down the hall to her office, as... M.J.
47) 9) text: We've got another one. HELEN
47) 11) text: But it's a different m.o. HELEN
47) 13) text: She was killed somewhere else and dumped outdoors in an empty lot. Where it says "no dumping."  Her legs pulled apart in a kind of sexual pose.   It's all different but it seems so -- the same. Artificial and posed... Something's wrong with it. HELEN
47) 15) text: Who turned off the Internet computer... HELEN
47) 17) text: He comes in the window, we maybe grab him.  Where's the on-switch? HELEN
47) 19) text: Helen -- the killer directly contacted you.  His interest in you is intense.  I'm worried about you. I don't want to lose you.  I know this stirs up every monster under the bed, but this is the only direct contact we have with him. The only chance we have to trap him. (beat)
47) 20) text: So, you can turn Internet back on, or I do, and we put somebody here on a 24 hour shift and you can kick, scream and hyperventilate. HELEN
47) 22) text: Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside. HELEN has to laugh.  The laugh turns to a hacking cough. ANDY
47) 23) text: She's smoking again. Andy leaves.  Helen sits, and with the care of someone handling a rattlesnake, turns the computer on.  Meanwhile THE PHONE RINGS. HELEN
47) 25) text: ...yes, she's right here. HELEN hangs the phone to M.J.  The air is a little more charged... Helen goes back to the computer. HELEN
47) 28) text: So that's that... HELEN
47) 31) text: Lab report on the new one.  At least two guys penetrated her. There were two kinds of sperm.  The poor thing.  What it must have been like. Helen has come alert... HELEN
47) 32) text: She was near a sign that said "No Dumping?"  Two kinds of sperm -- the lab said one was a secretor and the other was not? M.J. mumbles a surprised yes.  Helen is at computer. HELEN
47) 34) text: So far nothing they test for comes up positive. Helen has a Window type screen: she clicks icons... HELEN
47) 41) text: That's not consistent... You said they never changed their style, they're robots... HELEN
47) 43) text: I know Windex, for God's sake, I clean my own windows... HELEN
47) 45) text: Injected Windex!  Why would he switch to a new m.o.? HELEN
47) 47) text: He'll get caught.  If he has a plan that'll be what trips him up... HELEN
47) 50) text: You're afraid of him. HELEN
48) 2) text: ...to mimic the M.O. of the Boston Strangler.  The police here are rumored to be consulting Dr. Helen Hudson. O.S.  A TOILET FLUSHES, and Peter's WIFE emerges wearing nightgown.  She shuffles back to the bed, and as she sits picks up the remote... SUSAN (ON TV)
49) 0) text: We see on HIS computer screen a picture of HELEN scanned from some newspaper or magazine.  PETER is building a mor beside Helen on screen is another image -- of the RED-HEA woman.  He is placing marks on one picture, on the exact corner of Helen's left eyes.  As he does so, a red dot appears near the corner of the left eye of the Red-headed woman.  Both pictures are dappled with similar dots.  It looks very odd, as though someone had stuck Post-its all over the images.  Around him, as he works are other pictu ASPHYXIATED GIRL taken while she was strapped to the tabl Of the sign "NO DUMPING."  M.J. leaving Helen's!  HE ALSO
51) 2) text: HELEN
51) 4) text: I did not; the Mouth -- that's what we call Susan Schiffer -- got it on her own. HELEN
51) 8) text: HELEN
51) 10) text: I like the real smart Helen Hudson a lot, I'm Goddamned sick and  tired of the hysterical little girl, Helen.  You asked your way in -- I don't forget that.  You've got a nickname around here -- "Deep Throat" from all the phone calls, I wonder if you know that.  Go take a xanax, I've got to got to work.
52) 0) text: HELEN, her police scanner sounding distant tinny cries in the night:  Helen holding the phone, digesting that... SCANNER (VARIOUS VOICES)
53) 0) text: A MAN parks a car.  He gets out.  He is dressed entirely black.  Glancing around to be sure he is not observed, th MAN moves to cars, banging them hard with his hand until SETS OFF A CAR ALARM.  He trots silently to HELEN'S side the street and merges into the dark side of her building. THE ALARM GOES INFURIATINGLY ON.  A light comes on in an upstairs window...
55) 6) text: Helen. M.J. still pissed at the earlier phone call, turns away, dismissively... HELEN (V.O.)
55) 8) text: Yes.  I have to go... HELEN
55) 10) text: Helen, hang up, let Ruben get on with his work... HELEN
55) 13) text: Bunch of Swedish women.  You're too young. Dread clouds HELEN'S face.  She is calling up databases, screens scrolling across her computer monitor. HELEN
55) 15) text: What?... HELEN
55) 17) text: Yes. HELEN
55) 19) text: They all have one... HELEN
55) 22) text: Helen... excuse me, we...
55) 25) text: She was listening to Abba in her parked car when she was shot with a Bulldog .44. M.J. reacts:  the scene of what Helen is saying hits her hard.  This is repeating the pattern of yet another killer... M.J.
58) 0) text: M.J. still on phone to HELEN.  She's just got the bullet of the baggie; Tony stands watching. M.J.
58) 1) text: What's that siren? HELEN (V.O.)
58) 3) text: Ruben's gone to look... It's banged up but it looks like a .44.  It's Son of Sam.  Is it Son of Sam? HELEN
59) 3) text: Hold on a minute, Helen... By this time M.J. has seen that this part is addressed to HELEN.  M.J. takes phone from RUBEN, forcing herself to sound casual. M.J.
59) 4) text: Helen, Ruben's going to drop by. He's got some questions. She hangs up, RUBEN is already on his way.  M.J. calls a number... M.J.
61) 0) text: The horn blares across the street, (O.S.).  No one notice the MAN at HELEN'S door, swiftly fiddling the lock with a ring full of burglars' keys and picks.
62) 0) text: HELEN is putting on makeup (Ruben is coming).  A small bu alarming noise at the front of the loft.  She listens carefully, and moves to the door looking down the hall toward the front door.  It is OPEN"  Burt is not there! She hesitates a moment, then turns off the lights and sprints for the front door, to escape.
63) 16) dialog: 
63) 22) dialog: 
63) 44) dialog: 
63) 67) text: Helen!  Are you okay?  HELEN! Then he sees her.  In shock, she stares down at the MAN. RUBEN
65) 0) text: HELEN is sitting on the floor, her knees pulled up to her chest. RUBEN (V.O.)
65) 1) text: Helen?  Open the door.  The guy's nothing.  A burglar. She sits there, says nothing. RUBEN (V.O.)
65) 2) text: Open the door.  Please. HELEN
65) 3) text: Why don't you shoot off the lock? She starts to laugh.  The sound is awful.  After a moment she gets up on wobbly legs and opens the door.  RUBEN tak her to the sink, sort of sits her down on it.  Wets a washcloth, goes to sponge off her face.  She is trembling HELEN
65) 7) text: When I was a little kid, and I'd be in a state, my father would hold me on his lap, until all the fight would go out of me... She breaks free and whacks him across his nose. HELEN
65) 9) text: Helen...honey, you know I gotta go. He digs out his sneaky gun from whenever he keeps it. RUBEN
65) 10) text: You know how to use this? HELEN
65) 12) text: You take it, hang on to it, it'll make you feel safer.  Stay put. HELEN
68) 8) text: We know Helen.  She's not exactly a credible collaborator.  Especially late in the day... M.J.
69) 0) text: HELEN and M.J.  Helen unfolds a xerox copy of the note, t M.J. has just given her. HELEN
69) 2) text: Yeah.  Addressed to you.  "Don't lose your head." Helen puts down the note.  She is holding herself togethe by main will power... doesn't want to face that note... HELEN
69) 4) text: He said to send you his regards and  to tell you that the Bureau holds you in the highest esteem. HELEN
69) 8) text: I put my ass on the line, giving you that. HELEN
69) 11) text: Look at the order he's doing them... He did three as the Boston Strangler just to tell us a copycat serial killer was at work.  Then he did one like the Hillside Strang- ler.  And then one as Son of Sam. To lead us on -- to where and what end?  And he's doing more than that -- he's imitating each killer's method as closely as he can -- in details.  Injecting Windex.  Using .44.  Playing Abba. HELEN
69) 13) text: It's clear he thinks he knows me. He lives a fantasy.  'Helen, don't lose your head.'  Is that a threat? Does he want to cut off my head? Dahmer cut off heads.  Who else? Kemper.  Did Gacy?  Rivkind?  I think Rivkind did. She puts the note down on the table, smoothes it out.  Sh closes her eyes for a moment.  We begin to see certain filtered images.  As they come, we INTERCUT them. HELEN
70) 0) text: Lush, pastoral green.  We see PETER sitting by himself. wears a WHITE LAB COAT, like one we saw hanging in his basement. HIS POV:  of students on the green, playing Frisbee, studying together, picnicking.  Women sunbathe, their str pulled down on their shoulders, their tops rolled up to expose their midriffs. HELEN (V.O.)
70) 1) text: 'First you make a stone of your heart.'... Oh yes!  He doesn't suffer.  That's past.  Now it's our turn. One of the sunbathing girls sits up and looks round, then takes her top off entirely. HELEN (V.O.)
70) 2) text: Kemper said in order to have the experience he wanted with them, he needed to evict them from their bodies.  By making the body a completely passive object, he releases himself from passivity. CLOSE:  HELEN, DEEP IN THOUGHT... HELEN
70) 7) text: Some horrors that are all his own... The SMALL BOY is flung into an under-stairs closet where firewood and stacked papers are kept.  The door is slamme hard.  He gropes around in the darkness, finds a big box matches, lights one.  Then, angrily, he sets fire to a pi of newspapers.  They start to burn.  We see, but do not, hear, his screams for help. HELEN (V.O.)
71) 0) text: She picks out the lines... "then you must try a twosome o threesome." HELEN
73) 0) text: HELEN
75) 1) text: HELEN (V.O.)
76) 0) text: M.J. on the phone.  On the desk in front of her, is a lis of killers, complementary to HELEN'S. M.J.
77) 20) text: Sorry, Luv.  I've got a date. HELEN (O.S.)
77) 22) text: It's almost six.  And guess what? Hall likes me bathed and shaved. HELEN
77) 24) text: My life to live, darling, try to remember what it was like way, way back when you were young and sexy and alive. He gets up and walks toward the door. HELEN
77) 26) text: But alive! THE DOOR SLAMS (O.S.)  HELEN angrily hits the keys:
77) 29) dialog: 
78) 0) text: M.J. is entering at front door, let in by a new Guard FRE HELEN (O.S.)
78) 1) text: It's not a real name: it's the name of a mass murderer in Germany in the 1930s.  They called him the Monster of Dusseldorf. M.J. is turning into the Office; she carries a portfolio lists of her own. HELEN
78) 4) text: Helen, on your lists to call is San Quentin.  Daryll Lee Cullum? HELEN (beat)
80) 0) text: HELEN, M.J.  They are waiting, Helen tense, smoking, atmosphere charged... M.J.
80) 1) text: Do those things really help? Like she really wished they might, so she could have one. Helen looks at her cigarette as though she'd never seen o before... grinds it out... HELEN
81) 1) text: Hey, Doc!  How you doing? She turns on speakerphone. HELEN
81) 3) text: You read my book which as you know, hit the stands a couple of weeks ago.  You read it yet. HELEN
81) 5) text: I sent it by private courier, he didn't give it to you?  That son of a gun...! Helen looks at M.J., who indicates 'tell you later.' HELEN
81) 7) text: Bet you never figured I'd follow in your footsteps.  It's real well- written.  You should read it -- you're in it. HELEN
81) 9) text: Kurten!  Is he bothering you?  I told that son I'd send him what he wanted if he leave you alone. HELEN
81) 11) text: Something personal.  Is he bothering you? HELEN
81) 13) text: Listen, you want my advice?  Steer clear.  He's writing me he's gonna finish 'my unfinished symphony.' He's gonna give me $550 for some of my cum, he says he's in a position to see that I will be immortal if he has some of my spunk.  I'm offended.  Right away I smell freak.  Writin' about him and me and you bein' joined and he's gonna finish my symphony?  I didn't care for his drift.  I sent some liquid soap in a sandwich baggie with a message from Jesus to mend his ways.  You hear I found Jesus?  And what's funny is, now I don't mind bein' inside.  If I was out, even Born Again, I'd probably get restless again.  It's maybe better I stay here, what do you think? HELEN
81) 15) text: You come and visit. HELEN
81) 17) text: Damn!  I gave that to Conrad, too! That guy!  I told Conrad deliver to Kurten and keep the 500 bucks in return for getting my book to you. At this mention of Conrad, M.J. leaps to another phone... HELEN
81) 19) text: Conrad has the phone number. Conrad, where is he? HELEN (from M.J.'s pantomime)
81) 22) text: Helen, how is life, you okay?  Come see me, talk to me.  I think about you, worry about you all the time. I am so glad Jesus didn't let me kill you.  You know -- you're blessed by Jesus.  That's why you need to come talk to me, because Jesus kept you alive for a reason, and I was his sacred instrument... In the moment Satan was in my heart raising my hand to kill you, Jesus took my hand to spare you.  I am both death and life to you... Helen hangs up.  M.J. has already left...
82) 5) text: Save it for Helen. RUBEN (enough already!)
92) 0) text: Helen is lying wide awake.  THE PHONE RINGS.  HER ANSWERI
94) 2) text: ... their compulsion is less about sex than it is about control. Power.  Action.  Release from passivity.  Albert DeSalvo, Bianchi and Buono, Berkowitz, Dahmer... Dahmer killed his first victim because the boy just wanted to go home.  Bundy said he wanted to master life.  And death... She has reached the machine: she picks up the phone... HELEN
96) 0) text: A new guard, FRED, is letting M.J. in.  FOR THE FIRST TIM HELEN IS GLAD TO SEE HER.  As M.J. walks down toward her. HELEN
96) 2) text: ...Action.  Release from passivity. Albert DeSalvo, Bianchi and Buono, Berkowitz, Dahmer... Dahmer killed his first victim because the boy just wanted to go home.  Bundy said he wanted to master life.  And death... AND THE MUSIC FROM THE NIGHTCLUB BLARING IN THE B.G. Helen has turned and now sees M.J.'s condition.  SHE STOP THE TAPE... HELEN
96) 5) text: I just thought it was so -- unprofessional.  Of you both! HELEN
96) 8) text: This last Christmas was the happiest Christmas I had in the last ten years... you know why?  It was the first Christmas in six years I was not in love.  Son of a bitch married men!  Who cares about marriage, the bed just gets crowded and noisy?! HELEN
96) 10) text: Where's the john?  Let me clean up this mess, and get back to work. Helen has stepped to her brandy decanter; M.J., too dejec to move, sits, staring now at the only thing to stare at: computer screen. HELEN (O.S.)
96) 12) text: What does it matter?  This guy, you checked your course records, who signed up? Helen returns with the brandy.  M.J. holds it, doesn't dr just stares at the computer screen, emotionally dead... HELEN
96) 14) text: Look.  There's the order:  you wrote it:  DeSalvo, Bianchi & Buono, Berkowitz and Dahmer.  It's going to be Dahmer next.  Which means he'll kill a man. With an effort of will M.J. moves to the phone, putting t brandy down. HELEN
96) 16) text: Bundy.  That's the last one in your speech... HELEN
96) 19) text: Quinn...Halloran.  I'll wait. (to Helen)
96) 20) text: Where's Andy, can we get some coffee in here? HELEN (she's going through records)
98) 0) text: Her teeth chattering, HELEN tries to talk. HELEN
98) 2) text: I've got to go.  I've got to go. M.J. hands HELEN her bottle of Xanax. M.J.
98) 3) text: How many do you need to sleep. Really sheep? HELEN
98) 5) text: Christ, Helen.  The first time, we're ahead of the son of a bitch! I can't leave you like this -- and there's no time.  Knock yourself out. Offers the Xanax again.  Helen looks at the bottle... HELEN (beat)
98) 6) text: Right.  Well.  He's going to do Bundy.  Bundy faked injuries, wore a plaster cast, or walked on crutches, and asked college girls for help -- carrying his books, pushing his car... M.J. starts for the door... Helen has turned to her computer and types... meanwhile we are HEARING. M.J. (V.O.)
98) 7) text: Like the others -- he'll pick the most extravagant murder -- Bundy's three murders in one night at a... And we SEE Helen's message on the computer screen...
101) 0) text: Helen at her computer... which says BACK ON LINE -- SORRY FOR THE DELAY.
101) 13) text: For God's sake, stop -- my head!  I have the Iraqi mother of all hang- overs.  Very quiet in the hospital zone, please. She clings to him. HELEN
111) 5) text: Halloran. HELEN
111) 7) text: Helen. (beat)
111) 8) text: I saw him die.  I saw him burning on the basement stairs, he never reached the top. HELEN
111) 10) text: Helen -- let go.  You've got to let go. HELEN
111) 12) text: This has been the worst 48 hours of my life.  I'm going home.  I'm going to try to get drunk. HELEN
112) 2) text: ...that I resent the tone of the Police and their attitude?  That this is just some weird queer event, just because they couldn't stop this guy until he did himself, if you even believe that... M.J. turns off the radio... when light turns green, instead of moving ahead, she just sits for a moment.  The furious with HELEN, with everything, she swears and wheel the car into a tight illegal u-turn.
118) 0) text: Helen lies wide awake in the dark.  PHONE RINGS.
119) 8) text: You like that action?  Didn't that cop on TV look solemn?  The guy in the basement doesn't matter, anyway, just another lonely heart. HELEN
119) 10) text: You thought I was going to do Ted Bundy next, so you sent your partner... Helen gasps with the implications of that... PETER
119) 11) text: What was that?  What am I hearing? The sound of an epiphany, a sudden blinding insight? HELEN
119) 13) text: Mm-hmm.  I can't get to you.  You have to come to me. HELEN
119) 16) text: Call the police!  Now!  Call Qui... Peter punches M.J. who is handculled in her car; they are parked in front of the Lecture Hall. HELEN
119) 18) text: I need her; she's a cop.  I have to kill a cop, and then... HELEN
119) 22) text: I'm tired.  I want it to end tonight, don't you? HELEN
119) 24) text: You know where. HELEN
119) 30) text: Time Zero-hundred and twenty -- two minutes and sixteen seconds June twelve 1994 Helen Hudson 415 320 1854 Court order Alpha Bravo 9765910...
120) 0) text: Helen wearing loose coat, jeans and sneakers opens the do FRED snaps out of a sound sleep. HELEN
120) 2) text: I got to have that from my superior.  One guy fired off this job already. HELEN
121) 0) text: The door opens and Helen appears in it.  She confronts th street and the night... One more threshold to cross...
122) 7) text: Ma'am, please get out of your vehicle... HELEN
122) 9) text: Just get out of your vehicle... HELEN
122) 11) text: You've been very useful, Doctor, we appreciate all you've done, and now the professional will take over... HELEN
123) 0) text: The huge doors creak open and Helen enters.  She stands, listening: light streams in from the exterior through tal windows, otherwise it's all back shadows, weird enough without the distorted vision, the vertigo that momentaril returns... Helen wills herself to move into the deep space before he She stands listening: we HEAR the creaks and tiny snaps o building cooling in the night air.  Or is the movement of Peter somewhere in the room? She whirls to face a distance sound that echoes in the auditorium... CLOSE: HELEN staring, trying to SEE.  NOTHING.
123) 4) dialog: 
127) 6) text: Listen to them!  We'll be on all three channels. HELEN
127) 8) text: No.  Not yet. HELEN
127) 18) text: We'll keep talking.  Until they get here.  Then... (smiles) HELEN
127) 20) text: Why did you do that?  Didn't you have any idea how hard it was for me, to get that far?  I worshipped you.  You inspired me.  I thought you could understand me the way you understood the others.  I knew that about you -- the ones you admired were the great murderers; they fascinated you. HELEN
127) 27) text: Oh, please.  I know what's coming, now.  "Let me help you..." HELEN
128) 5) text: I'll take some Tylenol and codeine, instead, how about a lot of number six? The medic turns to his medicine bag.  Cops swarm around them.  Helen sits down next to M.J.  M.J. begins to put o her shirt, wincing at the movement.  Helen helps her. M.J. (it hurts)
128) 8) text: I'll take it, kid.  You take two weeks paid leave.  Don't waste a second thinking about that shitbag. Then come back.  You're a cop, M.J. He nods to Helen... QUINN (cont'd)
128) 11) text: No, she can come in tomorrow... gonna want to know a lot of things... B.G. the cops have pulled PETER'S BODY BY THE FEET, LETTI HIM BUMPITY BUMPITY BUMPITY DOWN THE STEPS from the stage and lifted him onto a gurney.  The body is wheeled past them, as... HELEN
129) 0) text: In the LOBBY area between the auditorium proper and the b exterior doors (now the worse for wear from the concussio grenades).  Outside, through the glass we SEE a media cir under the BRIGHT LIGHTS put up for the assault.  M.J. and HELEN SQUINT AGAINST THE LIGHT, AND TURN... THE AUDITORIUM (POV). The cops and technicians are working away; at one side is small door -- easy escape.  They run toward it...
130) 0) text: It is dark where they step out into the night.  Around th corner of the building we see the light from the MEDIA CIRCUS.  THEN HELEN STEPS OFF DOWN INTO THE DARK CAMPUS. M.J. LOOKS AT HER: REALIZING: HELEN IS NO LONGER AFRAID.
130) 3) text: You could use a long hot bath, you know that?  You better get somebody to drive you home. HELEN
130) 5) text: Well, thanks. The two women continue down toward Helen's car, just outs the circle of media.  CAMERA RISES AND RISES TO A HIGH FU SHOT. THE MOUTH AND THE HAIRCUT spot them and race toward them. SUSAN
130) 6) text: Hey!  Halloran!  What's the story here? On the two women getting in the car... HELEN