21) 0) text: A grungy sawdust-floored shot-and-beer joint packed tight with urban BURNOUTS rushing to drink their lives away.  H MUSIC and rude whorehouse lighting.  Each predator strain be badder than the next. TRACK THROUGH this maze at Elly's eye level until we reac DARLA, waitressing her heart out, the drug mileage on her obvious.
21) 2) dialog: I told you you're not supposed to come in here.
21) 4) text: I lost my key. Disgustedly -- goddamn kids -- Darla fishes up a key and it into Elly's hand.
21) 6) dialog: (to Elly)
21) 7) text: Out.  Now.  I gotta work. RACK PAST Darla and MOVE IN CLOSE on a corner table -- wh Funboy, Skank, T-Bird and a black, vested muscle gypsy, T
54) 0) text: A hypodermic needle rises into frame.  A nicotined finger flicks bubbles in the syringe.  FOLLOW needle down and BR ANGLE: Funboy taps up a vein in Darla's arm and shoots he Both are naked in a shabby bed.  Bare lightbulb above.
54) 1) dialog: Ooh, baby -- gimme all of it.
54) 4) dialog: It's a big fucking bird... She falls back against her pillow, eyes dreamily defocusi Funboy giggles.  Relaxes the gun, which half-disappears i sheets at his side.
54) 9) dialog: Fun -- look at that guy...
54) 11) dialog: Fun, he's not going away; he's  scaring the piss outta me!
54) 19) dialog: who starts scrambling to get out.  Grabbing clothes on th around herself. she runs right into Eric's outstretched h
55) 0) text: As a hastily dressed Darla BANGS out through the fire sta behind Grange and FLEES the Pit.
55) 2) text: That there is Darla.
79) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of a frying pan busy burning some pretty firebom looking eggs.  Kind gross. ANGLE - DARLA AT THE STOVE. NOT THRILLED WITH HER OWN PROGRESS.
79) 1) dialog: I never was too good at this  domestic shit.
98) 0) text: Darla nervously smoking, doing her best to stay clean, bu jittery.  Elly enters the shabby living room with Gabriel arms.
98) 1) dialog: I was wonderin' where you'd gotten to -- (she sees Gabriel)
98) 4) dialog: We'll discuss this later. Obviously.  You left the door open. DARLA points.  As Elly goes to close the door it opens.
98) 7) dialog: I don't remember you.  And I don't remember inviting...
98) 10) dialog: Mouth stalling in the ON position as Lao Guard #3 pulls a gigantic gun, draws and cocks.
116) 0) text: A grey day but no rain.  Elly stands wistfully by the win her doll on standby.  The apartment is in order and perha notice a few new items.  Gabriel the cat, miraculously AL sprawled on a chair, licking himself.  Darla BUSTLES INTO B.G.  Her wardrobe more upscale, her hair done.  Her mann hectic but natural.
116) 1) dialog: Worktime, kiddo.  First day, new job, gotta go. This does not get the expected smile from Elly.
116) 2) dialog: You sure you're gonna be okay? Elly turns from the window and NODS silently.
116) 4) dialog: At least it finally stopped raining.