3) 5) text: It slowly fills the name Eric Draven into the rock.
3) 14) dialog: Pale.  Clad in cerements: cheap black burial suit, slit o back.  WHite shirt.  A nothing tie.  No shoes.  Rain slui from his upturned face.  He looks to the sky.  Lightning.
3) 16) dialog: Watching this.  Wipes mud from his eyes, tries to clear v The crow lights in the tree and they meet eye-to-eye.  Er looks back o.s. and we RACK to include the Skull Cowboy.
3) 17) dialog: What the hell are you?
3) 20) dialog: alone in the cemetery.  After a moments hesitation, he lu off, following the crow.
9) 4) text: Their eyes lock.  Eric stiffens with his first FLASH. NB:  Eric's flashes of past memory are conditioned by the of things with which he makes physical contact.  Hints an fragments in fierce, super-saturated COLOR.  Puzzle piece must assemble.  Each flash keynoted by a BLOWBACK NOISE a accompanied by a degree of pain.  It hurts to remember.
11) 0) text: Eric in lurching flight, panting.  Stops and steadies aga the wall across from the backside of Arcade Games.
11) 4) dialog: looking up at the crow.  Disoriented.  Doesn't understand Suddenly he cottons, and covers his eyes just in time to from:
11) 8) dialog: The blood from his hands mars his burial shirt.  He tears shirt away, leaving his tie absurdly intact.  Wipes his f with his shirt.  Discards it.  Stops, held by his discove
11) 12) dialog: Fire.  In the rain.
12) 1) text: Thinly filmed in dust, mounted among dozens of other band Visible among the posed members of a group called Diaboli Eric, wielding guitar on the club stage.  ND BLUR as peop CROSS FRAME. GRANGE, 45-50, powerful, a seasoned assassin, cruel but l His facade remains stony as he leads three other men bris down the corridor.:  NGO NWA, 50ish, clad Chinese gangste - white topcoat, white scarf, tinted shades - and two bod supplying a power perimeter around him,lean, dark-haired killers who would gladly die for Ngo Nwa, which they will just a minute. They have just passed the Diabolique 8X10.  Ngo Nwa's glo fingers, in passing, leave little skid tracks in the dust clear the eyes of Eric in the photo. As the foursome reaches the DOOR, Grange turns doubtfully suspiciously -- to Nwa.
15) 0) text: Eric, wearing the combat boots, climbs as the crow leads Up.  He jams his hand on a rusty wedge of metal.  Ouch.
15) 4) dialog: Vising the rail.  Speaks to the night.  Almost a mantra.
15) 5) dialog: "My kitten walks on velvet feet, and makes no sound at all.  And in the doorway nightly sits to watch the darkness fall.  I think he loves the lady night..." (to crow)
15) 9) dialog: Thanks for sharing that.
17) 0) text: Eric stares upward at the crow as it drops like a bomber the night sky, flying past him, skimming the roof, leadin on.  Eric exhales, shrugs, feeling mocked by the bird.
17) 1) dialog: All right. And he takes off on a run.  Only to stumble and fall.  Bu falls turns into a TUMBLING ROLL that lands Eric back on still moving.  He looks back as if to ask: "Did I do that runs out of the frame. ANOTHER ANGLE - PICKING UP ERIC ON THE RUN. as he squints towards the crow and does his best to keep TRACK WITH HIM to the edge of the roof, heavily misted in He jumps a negligible gap to the next lower roof.  The ne roof-top is a one-story jump down.  Eric clears the jump WOOF of air.  Keeping his eyes on the flying crow; gainin strength.  His next leap is more like a broad-jump.  Athl
17) 7) dialog: Gotcha. He completes the pull-up, bringing his chin level with th ledge.  As he reaches for it with his other hand the brac rips from the wall and Eric plummets, with a howl of defe
17) 12) dialog: Thanks.
17) 15) dialog: Where're we going next -- the sewer?
18) 0) text: Still, dark silence until Eric lands from ABOVE FRAME, fe The crow lands simultaneously b.g., perched near a roof a door with a shaded, dim-yellow bulb.
19) 0) text: as Eric yanks open the rusty rooftop door from the outsid sweeps down the steps in a swirl of night mist
19) 5) dialog: Are we finished yet?
19) 12) dialog: "Draven, Eric."
22) 0) text: As Eric shoves the door open from the outside.  The lock, from the frame, spins on the wooden floor.  The barrier t whisps and dust roils.  Dark, chilly, damp.  A rat's nest disuse.
22) 6) dialog: Wincing.  Recovering from the flash.  He purposefully gat the cat into his arms and braces for more, harder, strong FLASH:  A MAN and a WOMAN make love on a big bed amidst a points of candlelight.  Shelly and Eric, once upon a time
22) 10) dialog: No!  Don't look!  No! No! He whirls unexpectedly and punches his fist completely th the masonry wall. FLASH:  Eric and Shelly in a mock waltz.  He spins her an collapse on the bed.
22) 12) dialog: slowly pulling his arm out of the wall.
22) 13) dialog: (whispering)
26) 0) text: An enormous cockroach trundles past, large in FRAME.  RAC show Eric lying on floor b.g. as his eyes pop open.  A fl dark motion as the crow flies past frame. ANGLE -- THE CROW -- Having snatched the bug in it's beak it.
26) 1) dialog: rising from the floor.  Careful.  Stealthy.  Watches his
26) 2) dialog: We have company.
26) 6) dialog: Shelly?
26) 8) dialog: Yes.
26) 14) dialog: Goddammit. He grabs for the knife as if to use it on the Skull Cowbo the knife causes an unexpected painful FLASH. FLASH:  Eric bouncing off the bedroom doorframe, Tin-Tin' stuck in his shoulder.
26) 18) dialog: Leave me alone -- ! He looks up, the Skull Cowboy is still there.
26) 20) text: Do something about it. ANOTHER ANGLE - ERIC AND THE SKULL COWBOY. A horrible beat between them.  The Eric runs full tilt ac the room, bounding to the open window and then leaping.
26) 23) text: Eric's fingers smash into grip the tiny mortared gaps!
28) 2) dialog: I guess I'm not ready to leave... just yet. He picks up the cat -- wary of flashes, which don't come time -- and returns to the window.  Feeling safer.
28) 3) dialog: The last time we saw each other, I didn't do so well. (holds cat up)
28) 5) dialog: I bet you need some cat food... right?
29) 0) text: Eric walking, the Tragedy mask hanging from his hip.  An occasional PEDESTRIAN passes without comment, brutalized by the city.  Eric, more confident, smells the night's bo
31) 0) text: As Eric reacts to what the crow has just seen.  Slows.  S And directs his attention toward the mouth of the alley.
32) 5) dialog: Another satisfied customer?
32) 10) dialog: Hello, Tin-Tin.
32) 14) dialog: Murderer. Tin-Tin blows out a breath.  No bluff.  Time to kill agai
32) 17) dialog: Try harder.  Try again.
32) 20) dialog: A year ago.  Halloween.  A man and a woman.  In a loft.  You helped to murder them.
32) 23) dialog: You cut her.  You raped her. (rage)
32) 26) text: They're face-to-face now, sweaty and tense.  Eric peels o the Tragedy mask.
32) 27) dialog: I want you to tell me a story, Tin-Tin.
32) 31) dialog: Victims.  Aren't we all.
34) 0) text: Shelly's vanity.  Dusty, disused.  The mirror spiderwebbe cracks but still hanging precariously in its frame.  Eric seated, his image crazily split into many.  He pulls on a sleeved, tight-knit, black shirt. WIDEN ANGLE to reveal the loft now lit with dozens of can stubs.  Placed all around.  Ceremonial and weird.
34) 2) dialog: Halloween is coming.  The Day of the Dead... In the mirror, multi Eric's.  He touches the glass, tight as he realizes he's in for another -- FLASH:  Shelly, sleeping on her divan, a year ago, wakes (O.S.) says "Boo".  She cracks an eye open.
34) 14) dialog: Bugger off to the graveyard, skull- face, I'm busy.
34) 16) dialog: Forget this. He smears the streaks until his face is uniformly grave-w white.
34) 18) text: as it glides down to pick up the lipstick.  CONTACT, and FLASH:  Eric, smashed on the street, T-Bird's car b.g., u in Eric's POV as he rolls over and blood courses from bot corners of his mouth,  a definite foreshadow of the "Crow
34) 21) dialog: She always red red was her color.
36) 2) text: Eric's hands discard a hairbrush there.  He moves off.
36) 5) text: Eric all in black,  Firm-wrapped.  Tight-wired.  The tren flutters, cloak-like.  His shadowy face framed by the upt collar, his hair punkish and spiky.
36) 6) dialog: as he moves forward in the light.  The crow lights on his
36) 7) dialog: All right, bad guys...
36) 9) dialog: (in drawn out yell)
36) 10) text: Here I commme -- ! PULL BACK swiftly, vertiginously, as Eric swan dives from window, his voice a howl.
38) 6) dialog: "Suddenly I heard a tapping, as of someone gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door." (pause)
38) 10) dialog: I'm looking for something in an engagement ring.  Gold. As Eric comes up behind him, Gideon reaches through the o cage door and pulls a big combat knife from beneath the c
38) 13) dialog: I repeat: a gold engagement ring. It was pawned here, a year ago, by another gentleman whose name, I believe was... "T-Bird"?
38) 15) dialog: Cute nickname, don't you think?
38) 18) dialog: Wrong answer. Eric nails Gideon's hand to the counter top.  Gideon howl
38) 22) dialog: No... no... no... no... He tosses each rejected ring over his shoulder.  Until:
38) 26) dialog: Tin-Tin confided in me, before he ran out of breath.  You have one chance to live.
38) 28) dialog: Who would waste time killing you... besides me? Gideon sweats, pants, contemplates the hole in his hand.
38) 31) dialog: Another jolly nickname?
38) 33) dialog: T-Bird?
38) 35) dialog: A whole club of pirates, with pirate names... Eric seems to go berserk, SMASHING and PUNCTURING cans of flammables and powder while Gideon flinches, nursing his hand.  Blows just miss Gideon's head.  Soon he's cowering
38) 36) dialog: Looking down at Gideon in revulsion.
38) 37) dialog: You feed off the living. SMASH!  as another tin ceases to exist next to Gideon.  T Eric is gone, past him without further word, ignoring him entirely.  As he exits, shotgun shouldered, he pauses to a white Fender Strat hanging among the pawnables.  He rea for it.
38) 41) dialog: One chance to live.  Take it.
39) 0) text: as seen from across the street.  Eric silhouetted, unmovi the whole store front blows hellaciously out around him, glass and debris.  Stirring his hair.  Eric is the black the fireball.
39) 3) dialog: as he turns slowly, to see Albrecht, out of reach, gun dr Eric's attitude lightens; Albrecht is not the threat here
39) 4) dialog: I thought the police always said "freeze:. Albrecht divides his attention, jumpy, between the odd si Eric (guitar on his back), and the raging instant inferno Gideon's.
39) 6) dialog: And I say I'm dead... and I move.
39) 8) dialog: Then shoot, if you will.
39) 12) dialog: You must listen carefully:  the  Fire Department will be here soon. There is an injured man in the  alley who needs assistance. (meaningfully)
39) 15) dialog: Listen:  Top Dollar.  He "owns the street here."  He will "erase my ass."
39) 17) dialog: I know Top Dollar has turned your  streets into his hell.
39) 19) dialog: The others are called Skank, T- Bird.  Street names.  Funboy. (beat)
39) 20) text: Watch me, office Albrecht. Eric lifts a chunk of glass from the sidewalk.  Slow and Albrecht doesn't completely trust him.  Up comes the gun.
43) 5) dialog: Sometimes. He glances back and logs the location of the Pit for late in a big hurry just now.  Turns back to Elly.
43) 8) dialog: I dabble.  May I? He indicates the car hood, a "seat" next to Elly from whi may observe the Pit.
47) 2) dialog: Who?
47) 5) dialog: Mister Funboy lives there?
47) 9) dialog: I can pick out a tune now  and again.
47) 12) dialog: Does she have a name?
47) 17) text: Hel-lo?  Earth to anybody...? Eric snaps out of it.  Elly retrieves the doll.
47) 19) dialog: No.
47) 21) dialog: I have to go. Half-zomboid, half-determined, he exits.
50) 1) dialog: It's a Raymond Chandler evening And the pavements are all wet, And I'm lurking in the shadows, for it  hasn't happened ...
50) 3) dialog: ... yet.
53) 0) text: Eric's gloved hand slides sinuously up rusted railing.
54) 7) dialog: Here Funboy. Contained panic as Funboy and Darla both startle.  The ne flies and lands at Eric's feet.  Empty.  Funboy struggles maintain against his high.
54) 14) dialog: Take your shot funboy.  You got  me, dead bang. Funboy tilts the gun off target.  Grins as Eric flat hand past his chest, indicating where to shoot.
54) 17) dialog: Looking down and daubing his hand in the bullet wound on
54) 18) dialog: Bull's eye.  Good shot.
54) 20) dialog: Stay. Eric twists her arm. CLOSE-UP - DARLA'S FOREARM. where we may clearly see the needle tracks.  
54) 21) dialog: 
54) 22) dialog: Morphine is bad for you. He holds her arm captive.  Tight, and we PUSH IN CLOSER t the dope evacuating from the punctures, a reverse of Eric Blood trail.  The dope drips from Darla's arm to the floo Darla's eyes roll up into the unconscious.  She slumps.
54) 26) dialog: Magic. Funboy regards Eric's battlescars and guitar.
54) 28) dialog: Neither.
54) 37) dialog: Does it hurt?
54) 39) dialog: I have some pain killer right here. And he fills the syringe all the way.
54) 42) dialog: Your pain ends now. And Eric rams the needle into Funboy's heart, driving hom the full dose.  Funboy begins to convulse. Eric falls back on the bed, his force spent.  Darla COMES the corner, shock-traumatized.  On O.S. COUGH, and Eric o his eyes. The Skull Cowboy, standing in the room, tips his hat.
54) 48) dialog: Go away.
54) 50) dialog: Shut up.
54) 52) dialog: Your daughter is out there, on the street, waiting for you. She's stunned, utterly speechless.  All she can do is loo Eric's eyes, try to ponder the phantoms there.
54) 53) dialog: Go.  Now. Darla shoves helter-skelter past Eric and out the door wi a glance back at Funboy. Eric, recovering, follows slowly, staring at the open doo stooping to lift the guitar dropped during the fight with Funboy.  The Skull Cowboy has vanished.  PUSH IN.  Grimly takes a syringe and begins to draw blood from the late Fu
58) 0) text: Albrecht hasn't gone three steps before Eric appears behi cat silent, matching pace. NB:  Eric has got a new black rock-n-roll shirt on... and shell casing from Funboy's gun tied in his hair.
58) 1) dialog: Freeze. Albrecht startles; drops his file.  Nearly draws his gun.
58) 5) dialog: I saw it, too. Albrecht gathers up the file.  Eric stands there.  We rea is hesitant about touching the file.
58) 6) dialog: Walk with me. As Albrecht comes up with the file as they walk.
58) 9) dialog: I need you to tell me what you remember.  What happened to us?
58) 13) text: I saw it and couldn't do jack for  her. Eric has grown increasingly distraught over Albrecht's li Now he turns to Albrecht and, holding Albrecht's temples his fingers, puts his thumbs over Albrecht's eyes.
58) 17) dialog: The venom of bad memories.  You were there; you saw her.  I saw you seeing her. Understandable nervous, Albrecht lights up a cigarette.
58) 19) dialog: My name.
58) 22) dialog: Thirty hours.  A day of life, plus change...
58) 24) dialog: Halloween is coming, soon.  You will have Top Dollar if you watch for me at the Showtime, tomorrow night.
58) 26) dialog: Thank you.  For giving a damn.
58) 28) dialog: Don't smoke these. As a bus grumbles past on the street, Eric pitches the bu simultaneously ducks out of frame.
58) 31) text: Coat flapping, Eric is standing on the bus roof as the bu away from Albrecht's position.
62) 5) dialog: I'm your passenger.  You drive. And stop talking.
63) 0) text: He looks outside and sees Eric as the car fires up, pipes glasspacks grumbling.  Skank moves, BRISTLING.
64) 1) dialog: Faster, T-Bird.  Faster.  You're a hell of a wheelman; you know you can drive faster.
64) 4) dialog: That's good.  We're going  someplace you've never been before.
68) 0) text: Eric lends the chase car a backward look.
68) 1) dialog: You caught one.  Drive faster.
68) 3) dialog: I want you to stop talking.  And  drive.  Drive faster. Eric rifles the glove box, tossing items out the window: for the gun.  Sunglasses.  A giant dildo (brief eyebrows- T-Bird).  Then: a roll of (previously established) gaffer tape.  What Eric needs.
68) 5) dialog: You're very popular.  Thought you could handle this thing. T-Bird macho calcifies.  He's going to win.
68) 7) dialog: (wry)
74) 0) text: T-bird respirating like a jackhammer.  Eric holds stoic.
74) 2) dialog: Time for your reward, T.  Payback with interest earned. Eric rips a long strip of tape from the roll.
75) 0) text: A HIGH ANGLE of the car as Eric opens the trunk. ERIC'S POV - The Trunk. loaded with plastique, canisters, timers, arson paraphern
76) 2) dialog: A little restrictive?  Good. (chilling)
76) 5) dialog: I've comrades in hell, T-bird. Give them my best. Eric activates the timer.  Yanks up hard on the bungie co
78) 1) dialog: All gone.
78) 3) dialog: heaving the gun into the distant water.  Plosh.  He produ Bird's accelerator.  Squirts it into the ground.  He prestidigitates and T-Bird's Zippo appears in his hand. flicks it and drops it into the flammable puddle.
78) 4) dialog: walking slowly out of the scene as the firepool coalesces a burning crow shape. 
79) 4) text: That's okay.  Corn Flakes are okay.  Anything. She pauses as she hears a lilting, faraway GUITAR STRAIN. Across the street she can make out the figure of Eric on roof playing the guitar.
81) 0) text: No shirt, the ring on the thong around his neck -- workou He twirls and performs odd Crow moves of increasing compl in the big open living room.  On purpose, he stretches ha against the bedroom doorframe. FLASH:  Shelly stands in the blue moonlight near the pict wearing a rococo Victorian gown.  PUSH IN TIGHT as she is embraced by a nude Eric.  He undoes the last few remainin that hold the gown in place.  FOLLOW THE GOWN as it crump down the length of Shelly's (also otherwise nude) body to floor...
81) 9) dialog: That's better. He wipes his torso down with a towel.
81) 10) dialog: It's almost time. He holds his hand in front of his face and he flexes it. HEAR tendons CRACKLE like a harness.  Closes it into a po fist.
85) 0) text: As Top turns from the window,  PULL BACK to incorporate t chunky shadows where the lights don't fall.  Eric is ther perched on the narrow exterior ledge...but we don't know until he opens his eyes, two dots of white in the blackne
86) 15) text: spinning mid-air to land in Eric's open hand!
86) 18) dialog: Bullets hit him and demolish everything behind him.  Skan the deck again.  Eric fires and Lao Guard #1 sucks three across the chest, firing convulsively against the ceiling the lights.
86) 27) dialog: You have to be SKank. (to Top Dollar)
86) 29) dialog: Thank of a snappy comeback for me on your way down. Without a beat he pitches Skank right out the window!  Sk all the way down.
88) 0) text: Just Top, Eric, corpses, and lazily drifting gunsmoke.
88) 1) dialog: Top Dollar, you're the only one here still wasting good air...
88) 3) dialog: Do you know what you destroyed?
88) 5) dialog: A year ago.  A very nice lady circulated a petition.  She died. Last Halloween.  Answer yes or no.
88) 7) dialog: It's yesterday!  Do you know what you destroyed? Top Dollar yells right back at Eric's anger.
88) 9) dialog: You don't even remember...
88) 11) dialog: Rowdy.  Let me fill in some gaps  for you. And he grabs Top's head the way he grabbed ALbrecht's ear slams Top into the wall.  Nose-to-nose. FLASH:  Shelly backing away from oncoming Funboy in the l trying to retreat, nowhere to run, her home invaded, scar
88) 16) dialog: You're a detail man, Top -- you need to see more. This time Top tries to twist from Eric's grasp but it's n FLASH: Shelly, comatose in ICU, eyes fixed and staring,  hoses darting in and out, cold blue refrigerator light. Bloody, bruised and broken (from Albrecht;s memory)
88) 20) dialog: All of her pain, Top.  Thirty hours.  All at once... Eric bears down on Top Dollar again.  Top screams.  Blood to leak from his eyes, nose, ears.
88) 21) dialog: ...all for you. FLASH:  Rapidfire CLOSE-UPS.  A jagged compound fracture, jutting, Shelly's eye, blood-red sclera, purpled and sunk Her scraped-raw hand clawing at air.  Icebox lighting.  A SHOT of her monitor going flatline: eeeeeeeeeeeeee... TWO-SHOT - RESUMING ERIC AND TOP DOLLAR. as Top sags in Eric's grasp, terror fixing his wide-stari eyes.  Eric lets him drop like a laundry sack.
88) 22) dialog: I didn't think you could handle it either. O.S. BANG of impact, heavy against the steel door.  Eric
89) 0) text: Picking up Eric on his dive through the window, bullets c him.  Immediate police fire from below sparks off the iro Eric ducks slugs balletically and scampers to the roof.
89) 5) text: Eric runs for it.  Half a story higher.  He hits the wall skitters up, gripping tiny cracks in the brickwork. ANGLE - RESUMING MEN ON FRONT SHOWTIME FIRE ESCAPE. Lead SWAT hesitates -- because of what he sees.
89) 9) text: COPS below, COPS in the chopper, everyone rushing paralle Eric, trying to keep up.
89) 19) dialog: as he backpedals, scanning for an alternate escape.
89) 22) text: We can see Albrecht.  Eric dives inside and the car burns
90) 3) dialog: It's done.
90) 5) dialog: Funboy had to leave this mortal  coil.
90) 8) dialog: It's only a flesh wound.
90) 10) dialog: You shouldn't smoke these. He pitches the smoke out the open car window.
90) 12) dialog: I'm finished. Eric shoots him a doubtful look.
90) 13) dialog: I mean, I've done what I came to do.  It shouldn't hurt this much. But it will pass...
91) 1) dialog: They couldn't do anything for me.
91) 3) dialog: No.  I have one more thing to do.
92) 3) text: We're gonna stop and get a shit-load of Band-Aids? Eric is obviously fighting to stay centered, stay conscio His last fight has caused him a great deal of damage, tak lot out of him.  He needs to recharge.
92) 4) dialog: I have to prepare for an  anniversary.  This coming night. HOLD on their two kinds of determination. as we
94) 0) text: The TV flybank pulses with videotaped images of Club Tras various performers -- including Diabolique.  On several s one-by-one, various images of a guitar-playing Eric Drave FREEZE-FRAME as we PULL BACK to the desk.  Lao has the 8x the corridor gallery.  He places it within eyeshot and re work on the desk BELOW FRAME;  we can't see it yet, among scattered research and inconcubula.
95) 0) text: Eric, barechested, emotionally tapped, clean of makeup an but exhausted, his movements retarded and slack.  Staring fixedly into the fireplace,  where he burns everything he find of his past:  the junk from the makeup table, the ma photos of himself and Shelly.
96) 3) dialog: A remembrance. (beat)
96) 4) text: A closure. And Eric consigns to the fire the DRESS we saw earlier. Holds a photograph in a broken frame.  Cracked glass.  Su Eric and Shelly, goofing for the camera. He chucks it into the fire.  Draws a deep breath.
96) 5) dialog: Better now.  I feel good.  How are you, Elly, my friend? Elly is clearly uncomfortable, groping for an excuse just Eric.  Eric is staring at her, intently.
96) 6) dialog: What is it?
96) 10) dialog: You brought flowers.  As long as  you don't forget her, Elly, she  lives.
96) 13) dialog: Elly... He draws her close.  Wipes away an errant tear with his t
96) 14) dialog: Sometimes the people we care about are gone, for no reason.  Sometimes that's really tough.  I cry.  But if  the people we love are gone, we keep them -- He taps Elly's temple, then his won.
96) 15) dialog: -- right here.  It's a big responsibility.  And that makes it  okay to mourn. (beat)
96) 16) text: I know that if you weren't here, I'd be very sad. Elly gives Eric a hug.
96) 18) dialog: Somebody here wants to meet you. Gabriel? Gabriel the cat has wandered near the fireplace to join t Elly is immediately smitten.  Happy.
96) 21) dialog: I think he's yours, now. The cat seems to like that idea.  Elly wraps him hugely u her arms, talking to him: "How're you, Gabriel, whatcha d
96) 23) dialog: I have something else for you. BACK FOCUS as Eric lifts off his neck Shelly's ring for E inspection.  The ring twirls large in f.g.
96) 25) dialog: Shelly would've wanted you to have it.  This way, you'll think of her  every time you see it...
99) 0) text: Dark clouds have gathered to highlight the sunset.  Eric the guitar - LOUD, the SHelly theme in a major key.  Wher before it was wandering, uncertain, now it's bold and heartbreaking.  Definitive.  Pain replaced by strength an sense of homecoming. As Eric gets to the end of it, the notes are flying out.. the climax, rips the guitar up over his head and brings i down -- SMASH -- on the Pignose.  He's finished here.
100) 0) text: As Eric comes down the stairs.  Notices the open door.
102) 0) text: Eric marches along in plain view since everyone around hi to be in costume.  The wind whips his coat.  KIDS bustle him with trick-or-treat bags.  The crow perched on his sh
102) 4) dialog: He pauses.  A KID in a Creature from the Black Lagoon mas comes, passes Eric, then comes back for a touch.
103) 0) text: Eric is standing over the grave of Shelly Webster, lookin He holds for a moment then moves on.
104) 0) text: Eric ascends toward giant oak doors, tres Gothique.  The flaps past, leading him. NEW ANGLE - TOP OF STEPS -- where waits the Skull Cowboy. Eric approaches, the Skull Cowboy interposes himself betw Eric and the huge double doors. Eric glares up, defiant.  Moves up the steps.  The Skull extends a skeletal hand.  STOP.
104) 4) dialog: Tell me I'll get hurt.  That I  might die. (beat)
104) 9) dialog: Fine with me. He ADVANCES a step up; the Skull Cowboy Hold fast.
104) 11) dialog: I'm already alone.
105) 0) text: Through a castle keep-like slit, Grange monitors Eric's arrival.  He speaks into a headset.
105) 3) dialog: Eric Talking to dead air.  Almost arguing with it.  Eerie
106) 0) text: Eric, eyes steely, stares down the Skull Cowboy.
106) 1) dialog: Don't waste my time.
106) 9) dialog: But why are you still here?
107) 6) dialog: I can see her.
107) 20) text: Move in, guys. HIGH ANGLE - THE SANCTUARY -- as Lao Guards #3 and #4 mov into light, closing on Eric's position in the center of i Both wield calico's and one bears a sword. CLOSE ANGLE - ALTER -- Lao makes his entrance from shadow wearing a brisk pugilist get-up, a practical fighting out Makes a show of drawing the killing blade.
107) 22) dialog: I want the girl.  Unharmed.  Now.
107) 27) dialog: You're too late.  There was a guy outside - on the stairs - you really need to talk to.  But he  turned to dust and blew away. (beat, gasping)
107) 31) text: Funny, how the dead can still bleed.  How they need air. Eric IMMOBILIZED as Lao DRAWS BACK the Blade.  To Grange:
111) 0) text: Eric tuck-and-rolls out of the way as we go CLOSE on Lao, screaming.
111) 3) dialog: This isn't your place.  This isn't your fight.  And I don't need your help.
111) 5) dialog: Leave here.  Don't do this.  I don't want you here.
112) 0) text: The crow FLAPS UPWARD through the void.  Eric grabs the t bellrope, testing it.  A final look to Albrecht.
112) 1) dialog: Don't interfere.
112) 6) dialog: Here I am. DOWNFRAME lightning STRIKES the ornate LIGHTNING ROD (lar Victorian, lance-like) at the far end of the roof from th tower. SILHOUETTING Lao and Elly standing in front of it.  Elly flinches at the strike.
114) 0) text: Lao SNAPS Elly's free handcuff to the dimly glowing  ligh rod and advances, one foot on either side of the peak of roof, his blade brandished. CLOSE MOVING SHOT - ERIC -- Hands up to grapple, but weaponless.  He spiders to meet Lao, suddenly PICKING UP and RUNNING along the precarious peak. Lao sees him coming, braces to strike, but Eric executes FLYING LEAP right over Lao's head. ERIC LANDS, SLIPS, sprawls sideways, clinging to the peak roof.  Lao hurries in to slash with the blade, as Eric av The steel RINGS.  Eric converts his dodge into a low spin that DUMPS Lao. Eric SPREAD-EAGLES to keep from falling.  Distantly, Lao similarly saves himself. NEW ANGLE -- THE FIGHT -- Here comes Lao, crabbing back t the peak.  Eric ROLLS to Elly's position, GRABS the light rod and tries to wrest it loose. SIZZLE OF FLESH as Eric's hands are scorched: the metal i blue-hot. MOVING WITH LAO as Eric battles to free the lightning rod closes up distance, gives a warcry and prepares to swing Eric WRENCHES the rod loose and turns to deflect Lao's bl The weapons spark as they meet... and there goes Elly, he handcuff freed, SLIDING DOWN THE ROOF SLOPE. ANGLE  -- ROOF SLOPE -- WITH ERIC  as he dodges Lao by us lightning rod to vault down to where Elly is about to sli the roof. With the rod embedded in the roof, Eric hangs on, and ell on to Eric. UP ANGLE -- LAO, a dark figure against the night sky, rai the sword.
114) 8) dialog: And how many lives have you destroyed?
114) 10) dialog: (to himself)
114) 11) text: You're right, I'm not an avenger.  Not any more. As lightning strikes, Eric Fires his gaze TOWARD THE SKY.
114) 14) dialog: Time for a sacrifice. Lao's face is a hideous bloody mask with black holes wher eyes used to be.  He smiles gruesomely.
114) 16) dialog: Can you fly? He pulls Lao into a BACKWARD ROLL down the roof, HOLDING TIGHT.
114) 17) text: Eric lands on his back, forcing the blade THROUGH himself INTO Lao.  Eric completes the roll and KICKS Lao off INTO the killing blade still embedded in him! WITH LAO as crashes, sliding, sprawling down PAST Elly's position.  Gets to his knees atop the flying buttress.  S blade in his own chest. CLOSE-UP - ELLY - she sees it all happen. RESUME LAO - a regretful look toward Eric.  He PLUMMETS o roof edge. ANGLE - ERIC SLIDES DOWN ROOF --  He slows, stopping when is in frame.  He clutches his own chest.  Regards his own shaking hand, drenched in his won blood.  Glazed. ON ELLY, as she finally gets the duct tape off her mouth, to get to Eric.  She flails and cries out.
115) 0) text: A low angle TRACKING SHOT (as when we first met Elly). Eric's and Elly's feet pass graves.  Eric's pace is slow, limping.  They STOP at a grave where elly BENDS INTO FRAM the flowers there. Eric is bloody and out of it.  She helps him walk.
115) 2) dialog: In a better place.  I hope.
115) 4) dialog: I don't know if I can.  But you have this... and you know where to come.
115) 6) dialog: For you, I'll try.  Promise.
115) 8) dialog: Leave me now.
117) 0) text: An UP ANGLE from Eric's grave toward the tree as the crow INTO FRAME and perches there, shucking water.  PUSH IN on crow.  Watching.  Waiting.