34) 0) text: Shelly's vanity.  Dusty, disused.  The mirror spiderwebbe cracks but still hanging precariously in its frame.  Eric seated, his image crazily split into many.  He pulls on a sleeved, tight-knit, black shirt. WIDEN ANGLE to reveal the loft now lit with dozens of can stubs.  Placed all around.  Ceremonial and weird.
34) 3) dialog: Your scary quotient needs work.
34) 6) dialog: I think red's my color, don't you?
38) 23) text: Obliterated by a stab of brilliant white light -- FLASH:  Shelly's face.  A perfect vision...
39) 13) text: As Shelly Webster once needed your  assistance, and as you are shortly  going to need my assistance. Albrecht gestures casually, almost comically, with his po gun.  B.g., the crow lands on a fire escape to monitor th
81) 0) text: No shirt, the ring on the thong around his neck -- workou He twirls and performs odd Crow moves of increasing compl in the big open living room.  On purpose, he stretches ha against the bedroom doorframe. FLASH:  Shelly stands in the blue moonlight near the pict wearing a rococo Victorian gown.  PUSH IN TIGHT as she is embraced by a nude Eric.  He undoes the last few remainin that hold the gown in place.  FOLLOW THE GOWN as it crump down the length of Shelly's (also otherwise nude) body to floor...
95) 0) text: Eric, barechested, emotionally tapped, clean of makeup an but exhausted, his movements retarded and slack.  Staring fixedly into the fireplace,  where he burns everything he find of his past:  the junk from the makeup table, the ma photos of himself and Shelly.
96) 4) text: A closure. And Eric consigns to the fire the DRESS we saw earlier. Holds a photograph in a broken frame.  Cracked glass.  Su Eric and Shelly, goofing for the camera. He chucks it into the fire.  Draws a deep breath.
99) 0) text: Dark clouds have gathered to highlight the sunset.  Eric the guitar - LOUD, the SHelly theme in a major key.  Wher before it was wandering, uncertain, now it's bold and heartbreaking.  Definitive.  Pain replaced by strength an sense of homecoming. As Eric gets to the end of it, the notes are flying out.. the climax, rips the guitar up over his head and brings i down -- SMASH -- on the Pignose.  He's finished here.
103) 0) text: Eric is standing over the grave of Shelly Webster, lookin He holds for a moment then moves on.