5) 0) text: A MOVING SHOT during o.s. lines.  Past dead video and pin devices.  Pasta desk with an open briefcase, coffee cup, ashtray -- someone was just there.  Then past a WOMAN, tr with duct tape to her office chair, gagged, hot fear in h darting eyes. COMPLETE CAMERA MOVE to include SKANK, a blade-thin speed with pattern baldness, always loud, jittery, a manic dust And T-BIRD, an arrogant Arayan, brush-cut iron pumper, wh prepping an incendiary.  He exhibits a small squeeze bott arson cocktail to Skank.
5) 4) dialog: What about working girl? INTERCUT the woman's increasingly horrified reactions.
5) 6) dialog: I say we leave her here to fry, man. T-Bird looks casually at the woman.  Smiles hideously.
7) 0) text: TB drives.  One eye on his digital watch (doing an equall fast countdown).  Skank wrestles their captive, the woman the back seat.
7) 2) text: Skank, shut her the fuck up! SKank punches her and she sags.  Then he looks forward.
7) 3) dialog: Whoaaa -- T-Bird, red light, red light!
9) 1) dialog: Dump her, man, dump her! The woman comes tumbling from the car, which blasts off w war hoop from the guys inside.
10) 0) text: The faces of Skank and T-Bird are murky, ephemeral, their hideous, distorted echoes.  A knife snaps open.  We see t blade.  Blood.  Skank hits her, pow! and --
16) 0) text: A junkyard of loot and dusty discards.  Junkie thievings other people's stereos.  Behind a wire-meshed security co GIDEON reads a racing form, chain-smoking throughout the is pear-shaped, stubbled, unkempt.  Food on his shirt.  J of doorbells.  Gideon lowers his paper to reveal Skank an T-Bird on approach.
16) 2) dialog: Hey, blow me, fat boy! Just as quick, Gideon cocks and levels a Magnum at Skank.
16) 17) dialog: You wouldn't want Top Dollar not  to smile. Mention of Top Dollar clams Gideon efficiently up.  He ha over the cash to T-Bird with a grimace.
21) 7) text: Out.  Now.  I gotta work. RACK PAST Darla and MOVE IN CLOSE on a corner table -- wh Funboy, Skank, T-Bird and a black, vested muscle gypsy, T
23) 4) dialog: Fuck you, T-Bird. Just as lightning fast, T-Bird has his own gun out and ja right under Skank's jawbone.  He makes a kissy face.
60) 0) text: A LONG SHOT of the T-Bird parked across the street from t store as two figures -- T-Bird and Skank -- approach on t store side.
60) 1) dialog: I wish to hell I had torched Gideon's, that fat fuck.
60) 5) dialog: Got it. Skank hustles toward the store.  T-Bird crosses to the ca
61) 0) text: as the KIDS enter and split between the counter and magaz rack.  East Indian CLERK.  Two boys fight video game wars corner.  Skank browses, grabbing odds and ends.
63) 0) text: He looks outside and sees Eric as the car fires up, pipes glasspacks grumbling.  Skank moves, BRISTLING.
63) 1) dialog: What's all this happy horseshit? And the car peels out maniacally!  Skank tries to pursue the two KIDS draw weapons and freeze everyone in the stor
82) 0) text: TIGHT on Skank as he slams his fist down on the table.  H a black eye and facial scuffs from his liquor store encou
82) 1) dialog: Top, I made the sumbitch!  Face all painted white like some kinda fuckin' kabuki homo! WIDE ANGLE to include all present:  Lao, Grange, Lao Guar and #2, Top Dollar, and a Sentry.  Top dusts up a line an rinses his nostrils with brandy.
82) 8) dialog: (hot)
86) 11) dialog: What was that -- !? It wasn't anything.  Skank loads, stands and jacks the ac his gun.  Lao looks questioningly to Top Dollar.
86) 25) dialog: It's him, Top!  He dusted T-Bird!
86) 28) text: One moment. As he speaks, WIDEN FRAME as he turns and grabs the incom Skank by the hair.
87) 0) text: Damaged from the wreck, limping home, piloted by our pals and MJ.  Skank smashes down into the roof, imploding the flashbar and windshield.  MJ drenches his lap in fresh co