4) 0) text: A candy-flaked muscle T-bird is parked at the curb.
5) 0) text: A MOVING SHOT during o.s. lines.  Past dead video and pin devices.  Pasta desk with an open briefcase, coffee cup, ashtray -- someone was just there.  Then past a WOMAN, tr with duct tape to her office chair, gagged, hot fear in h darting eyes. COMPLETE CAMERA MOVE to include SKANK, a blade-thin speed with pattern baldness, always loud, jittery, a manic dust And T-BIRD, an arrogant Arayan, brush-cut iron pumper, wh prepping an incendiary.  He exhibits a small squeeze bott arson cocktail to Skank.
5) 1) dialog: Uncle T-Bird's 100-proof accelerator.  I squirt you with this, you could jump in the  Detroit river and burn all the way to the bottom. INSERT A CLOSE-UP of the bomb in his hands as he works. canisters, an LED timer, wires.
5) 2) dialog: You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once, from all the crap in it.  Wish I coulda seen that. He CLICKS a switch.  PEEP.  LED countdown blurs.
5) 3) dialog: We're ready to rock. Skank notices the captive woman's handbag on the floor. it up.  Looks through it for valuables.
5) 5) dialog: What about her?
5) 7) dialog: No.  Let's take her with us.
8) 0) text: As the T-Bird slews wide, cutting sidewalk, scattering nightwalkers, immediately attracting everybody's attentio
10) 0) text: The faces of Skank and T-Bird are murky, ephemeral, their hideous, distorted echoes.  A knife snaps open.  We see t blade.  Blood.  Skank hits her, pow! and --
16) 0) text: A junkyard of loot and dusty discards.  Junkie thievings other people's stereos.  Behind a wire-meshed security co GIDEON reads a racing form, chain-smoking throughout the is pear-shaped, stubbled, unkempt.  Food on his shirt.  J of doorbells.  Gideon lowers his paper to reveal Skank an T-Bird on approach.
16) 4) dialog: (interposing)
16) 9) dialog: Coupla more rings... 24k.
16) 11) dialog: ...necklace... pearls...
16) 13) dialog: Leather purse... He hands though the bag rested from the woman.
16) 16) dialog: Yeah, I know, fatso.  Do us all a  favor.  Make Top Dollar smile.
21) 7) text: Out.  Now.  I gotta work. RACK PAST Darla and MOVE IN CLOSE on a corner table -- wh Funboy, Skank, T-Bird and a black, vested muscle gypsy, T
23) 3) dialog: No.  I'm not the lunatic.  He is. Skank riles, pulls a huge Auto Mag and sticks it in T-Bir face, cocking.
23) 5) dialog: I love you too, you madman. They all crack up laughing like ax murderers.  Skank drin Tin-Tin spot checks the satchell from Top Dollar's.  Darl delivers more shots and funboy feels her ass.
34) 18) text: as it glides down to pick up the lipstick.  CONTACT, and FLASH:  Eric, smashed on the street, T-Bird's car b.g., u in Eric's POV as he rolls over and blood courses from bot corners of his mouth,  a definite foreshadow of the "Crow
39) 27) text: Least he didn't do that "walking against the wind" shit;  I hate that. EXT. SHOWTIME - NIGHT - TO ESTABLISH. A night-owl pornucopia.  T-Bird enters beneath a garish t marquee.  The 2-bill:  RUMP ROMP with BUTTBUSTERS II.
40) 0) text: T-Bird approaches the snack bar.  Wet, breathy mating NOI from the auditorium throughout, o.s.  Looking supremely b the counterman, DICKEY BIRD, thumbs a porn tabloid.  So w
40) 2) dialog: Business. T-bird heads left through s steal door that Dickie buzzes open for him.
41) 0) text: T-Bird walks past dust-covered boxy black speakers as we Lance and Angelique making history in reverse, on the bac movie screen: oratoria as good as porn films can make it.
42) 0) text: As T-Bird enters.  The room is organized around a long me table and flavored with a taste of everything illegal:  d paraphernalia, weapons. Across the table are a couple of Sentries like the one th admits T-Bird to the room.  TRACK PAST them to a lank-hai silhouette as he turns away from a windowshade, backlit b Showtime's exterior neon. This is TOP DOLLAR.  Who looks like a Johnny Winter acid  casualty but is deadly cold, definitely the man in charge
42) 2) dialog: And Gideon's just burned all the down to the foundation. Top's eyebrows go up.  Oh really?
42) 3) dialog: I didn't have nothin to do with that.
42) 5) dialog: Top, what the fuck is going on tonight?
60) 0) text: A LONG SHOT of the T-Bird parked across the street from t store as two figures -- T-Bird and Skank -- approach on t store side.
60) 2) dialog: I wish to hell I knew who it was that made Tin-Tin into a voodoo doll last night.
60) 4) dialog: We need some smokes and some road beers.
60) 6) dialog: WIDEN ANGLE to include the car as he nears it.  Behind hi 12-year-old KIDS, AXEL and CHOPPER, enter the store after one wearing a long duster.
62) 2) dialog: He tries to spin and draw his gun but Eric is upon him, n one of Tin-Tin's throwing knives right inside T-Bird's ea
62) 4) dialog: What the fuck are you supposed to be, man?! INSERTS:  Eric liberates T-Bird's automatic from the shou holster; Eric's hand closes T-Bird's door for him.
64) 3) dialog: You call it, blood -- you got the gun. You just tell me where you want to go. Clearly T-Bird would relish bisecting Eric with a meat cl as he says this.  He's nervous and needs to hold the road
65) 0) dialog: as the car burns up the obstacle course of pavement, kick wake of litter.  PEDESTRIANS scurry to clear the way.
68) 2) dialog: Man, you gonna get us killed dead and I don't even know what you want! Eric cocks T_Bird's pistol and levels it at his face.
68) 6) dialog: To hell with you.
69) 0) text: A 3-way pursuit until the T-Bird reaches the outskirts of city.
70) 0) text: All quiet... until the T-Bird ZOOMS past frame.  The lead tries to duplicate the T-Bird's corner-cut and starts spi It clips a light pole.  Rebounds into the path of MJ's un
73) 0) text: The T-bird careens through dockside silence, alone, then fishtails, SCREECHING, to a lung-compressing halt.
74) 0) text: T-bird respirating like a jackhammer.  Eric holds stoic.
74) 1) dialog: So what -- you gonna rape me now?
76) 0) text: SLOW TILT starting with T-Bird's foot, firmly taped to th pedal.  Mummified into his seat.  Hands taped to the whee Throat taped hard against the headrest. The car is now in gear, idling.
76) 4) text: What's the lag on this?  About twenty seconds, would you say? T-bird thrashes, but he's immobilized.  Can't even budge wheel.
76) 6) text: The bungie cord pulls T-Bird's foot all the way down on t pedal.
77) 0) text: T-bird's eyes bug in horror and he goes MMMMMMMMHHH!
82) 9) text: The found T-bird flash-fried to what was left of his fucking car! Top is angry too, but won't show it to Lao.  He rises and to the window.  Neon glow.  Top sees something outside, b that really torques him off.