11) 2) dialog: Good dog! Bring it back, Thor. The canine scampers onto--
12) 0) text: Thor takes the baseball onto the front lawn and drops it the feet of BRETT HARRISON, 10. The little boy roughhouse with his pet on the freshly cut lawn of their all-America home. Thor jumps and prances, dodging back into the stree to play catch again. faenwamranron + 14
12) 9) dialog: Gimmie five. Thor enthusiastically puts his paw in Brett's hand.
12) 10) dialog: Good boy. Yr Brett leans down and affectionately hugs Thor. The dog li the kid's face. Then his head lifts. In the distance, up the block... A man approaches. i The FLOPSY wears a dark suit and sunglasses, carrying an attache case. He is making good time up the sidewalk. Tho pays full attention. The Flopsy seems to be coming direct towards their house, ignoring the other houses on the way The dog's hackles rise. He wills them down. Flopsy comes up to the front yard. Near the boy. Behaving nonchalantly, Thor saunters across the lawn and places himself between Brett and Flopsy. The German Shepherd tak pains not to appear intimidating. Thor watches Flopsy. The man adjusts his dark glasses. Thor's hackles rise. He wills them down. He casts a glanc to Brett playing with the Frisbee. Then he returns his ga to Flopsy. The man doesn't seem to fear Thor, huge German Shepherd that he is. fanamranron +
12) 20) dialog: He's not a horse! He's a German Shepherd! ‘ Thor sees Brett has come up from behind. The German Sheph easily positions himself between the disturbing man and t little boy. Flopsy wipes sweat from his brow.
12) 42) dialog: 
12) 65) dialog: Who's Flopsy, Mom? Janet stares down Flopsy. panamrnrons
13) 5) dialog: Mom, go easy on him. He was just trying to protect us. He's our dog, and he was looking out for us.
13) 29) dialog: 
15) 0) text: Janet watches Brett roughhousing with Thor on the floor, dog affectionately licking his face.
18) 0) text: Thor pads down the hall to Brett's bedroom. He pokes his nose in. The boy is sound asleep under his covers.
19) 0) text: Thor watches protectively from the doorway. Brett is tossing and turning, moaning from a bad dream. Thor's face etches with concern. He quietly pads in and gently licks Brett's face. That seems to calm him. Thor tugs the covers up over the boy. Brett is now soundly asleep. Thor leaves the room, nudging the door closed.
26) 0) text: Thor eats his breakfast from a bowl of Alpo. Janet is cooking breakfast. Brett is seated at the table, grimly doing his homework. He slaps down his “pencil. .
26) 1) dialog: C'mon Mom, it's Saturday. Janet smiles, flipping a pancake.
26) 3) dialog: Aww, Ma.
26) 23) dialog: I thought Uncle Ted was in another country. Mom gives her kid a smile.
26) 25) dialog: AW-WRIGHT! We can go hiking in the woods * like we did the last time, and maybe he'll let us shoot his rifle again and--
26) 32) dialog: I know somebody who'll be glad to see him. Woncha, big boy? Mom kneels down and ruffles Thor's jowls. Brett starts to jump up from the table. Janet shoots him a wry glance.
26) 35) dialog: Mom! . Brett rolls his eyes. And sits back down.
29) 0) text: Janet drives. Brett is in the back seat, playing pocket Nintendo. Thor has his head stuck out the open window, in his glory.
32) 23) dialog: Uncle Ted, can I shoot the rifle?
32) 25) dialog: I've never heard of a Saskwatch. They all head cheerfully towards the Airstream. t
32) 27) dialog: Yeah, right. There's no such thing.
32) 29) dialog: Yeah, right. What did you do?
32) 31) dialog: Sure...
34) 0) text: A kitchenette attached to a spare bedroom. Tidy and neat, with few things around. Color naturalist photographs cove the walls. Photographic equipment is scattered around. Color photographs are everywhere. Uncle Ted takes steaks from the fridge. Janet helps him carry out sodas, a salad and a coffee thermos. Brett plays with an unloaded rifle the bed. Janet regards the color photographs quizzicaly.
34) 6) dialog: Cool.
34) 8) dialog: Bloody.
35) 8) text: Rev. 19/04/96 (Yellow) 28a. 39A CONTINUED: oe 39A UNCLE TED (cont'd) to Brett, and still manage working at the firm full-time. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Brett explores the Airstream. He persues the exotic, spooky tribal masks and ceremonial ornaments that are piled around. He sees a closet, and opens it. Inside, a large cabinet filled with.a complex medical apparatus. Beakers and Bunsen burners,’ hypodermics, chemicals in test tubes and jars. A microscope. Piles of medical books open and scattered around the closet. Notes and complex chemistry equations are scribbled on notepads all over the walls. The area has the atmosphere of feveri frantic research. The little boy looks around the closet eyeing the medical setup in astonishment. Something catches Brett's eye. An ancient, antique book on the floor. The little boy opens it. He gasps, reading on in awe and terror... The book has page after page of medieval woodcuts of Werewolves. Crude plates of huge, half-man, half-wolf monsters eating children and terrorizing villages. Behind Brett...SOMETHING FURRY WITH A SNOUT AND FANGS
38) 4) dialog: Don't DO that, boy. The German Shepherd holds the little troubled MEWL. wer wu ihe boy's gaze with a (CONTINUED )
39) 0) text: Gathering dusk settles on the lake, the forest and the si bullet of an Airstream. Janet, Brett, and Uncle Ted finis their dinner outside by the barbecue.
40) 20) dialog: C'mon, Thor. The boy gets up with a reluctant whine. Thor jumps to his feet and excitedly runs to the door, glad to get out of there. Gathering dusk. Twilight etches the pines. The family gets in the car. . Uncle Ted stands by the shadows by the Airstream, his fac with a heavy five o'clock shadow in the lowering dusk.. Janet eyes him hard from behind the wheel.
41) 1) dialog: Is Uncle Ted gonna stay with us, Mom?
43) 0) text: Brett plays frisbee on the lawn. No Thor.
44) 0) text: The German Shepherd sits on the sofa staring out the pict window at the empty street leading out,of town. Storm clo loom in the distance. Thor has what soldiers call "the forty-yard stare." Outside, Brett beckons him out. Thor doesn't budge. Janet working on legal briefs. (CONTINUED)
60) 7) dialog: Oh, leave him alone, Mom. He can't help it. He heard something outside.
60) 9) dialog: Look, Ma, one day you're gonna want him around. Thor watches the interchange closely. It seems to be goin in his favor.- Janet stands in front of the little boy, w is perusing the comic section of the Sunday paper. Janet stares comic daggers down at Thor, who still nervously anticipates the verdict from the Spanish Inquisition.
60) 23) dialog: Hey, c'mon, Thor. Catch. Thor throws a regretful glance over his shoulder to Brett Then dutifully returns to his sentry at Uncle Ted's door.
60) 24) dialog: Since when don't you want to play ball? Brett walks over to Thor and kneels beside him. The littl boy notices the dog is staking out Uncle Ted's room. Thor gets up and walks to the tire of the Airstream. He lifts his leg and urinates on it. Brett guffaws.
60) 25) dialog: Thor! Don't do that! The dog returns to the boy. * Janet walks out.
60) 46) text: Uncle Ted cautiously removes his hand, with a slow grin. “ UNCLE TED : In good time, boy, in good time. Janet stands in the doorway. Uncle Ted and seems anxious about whether she noticed the interchange between him and dog. Thor just watches him coldly as Uncle Ted heads for kitchen. Thor follows him into-- INT. KITCHEN - HARRISON HOUSE - DAY ‘ Janet cooks. Uncle Ted sits down. Thor takes a protective position between them. Brett is watching "Werewolf of London" on the VCR. Uncle Ted casts a jaundiced eye at th television showing Henry Hull as he stares nervously at t full moon hovering in the sky. He stares in horror at the bad special effects on his hand, growing hairy. Uncle Ted guffaws.
60) 47) dialog: It's not funny. He's turning into The Wolfman.
60) 49) dialog: That's the way it works. When there's a full moon, he turns into the Werewolf. Everybody knows that. (CONTINUED)
60) 54) dialog: Because that's how werewolves work. And you have to shoot them with a silver bullet.
60) 56) dialog: Don't you know anything about werewolves? UNCLE TED . I know that you turn into one if you get bit by one. I know you get hairy. But that part about the full moon...Maybe there's different kinds of werewolves, but it's been my experience that any old moon will do the trick, Werewolf-wise. Brett looks at Uncle Ted.
60) 57) dialog: Have you ever met a Werewolf? UNCLE TED ‘ Oh, I've been acquainted with a few in my time. Have you?
60) 58) dialog: C'mon, everybody knows there's no such thing as werewolves.
60) 61) dialog: Awww, Mom. (CONTINUED )
63) 6) text: Thor WHINES, but swallows his bark. . He hears something in the house. ' Thor whirls, bracing in alarm. It's Brett.
63) 7) dialog: What's wrong, boy? Thor jumps his paws up on the kitchen door, scratching th glass. Thor seems torn with trying to'warn Brett back fro the approaching danger, and trying to get out.
63) 9) dialog: You wanna go OUT? Thor leaps off the kitchen door, WHINING and fidgeting uncontrollably while he waits for Brett to open it.
63) 10) dialog: Sure, boy. Brett's hand turns the knob. As soon as an inch of space appears, Thor wedges in his snout and shoves his body thr the door. Before Brett can regain his balance, Thor has crossed the yard and disappeared into the woods. 78 Rev 4/19/96 (p) 79 80
69) 0) text: Brett slowly closes the curtain, retreating in horror fro the scene he has secretly witnessed. Lanamranren © Rev:4/19/90 \p) 67.
69) 2) dialog: M-Mommy... The little boy is pale as a sheet. Thor's URGENT BARKING reverberates from outside.
70) 10) dialog: 
71) 0) text: Janet rushes in, grabs the phone, and dials 911. JANET . This is Janet Harrison at 43 Oak Creek Lane. I need Sheriff Jenson, please. ‘Right now. ' Brett comes to the top of the stairs.
71) 1) dialog: Mommy, I saw something! Janet shoots him a glance.
72) 0) text: Janet sits on Brett's bed. Brett has the covers pulled up his nose, absolutely terrified. Mom strokes Brett's hair softly.
72) 2) text: 88 CONTINUED : - ge Brett is barely able to hold back tears. —_ BRETT I saw it, and...I think it saw me! The little boy pulls the covers up around his chin, his breathing rapid and shallow.
72) 4) dialog: It...it was hairy all over, and it had long teeth. But...it looked like a man. Janet sees the Werewolf model kit on Brett‘s dresser. She picks it up and shows it to him. JANET “ Did it look like this one? |
72) 5) dialog: -Kind of. But the ears were tonger. And it had a longer snout. And it...I think it had more hair. That one's just from a movie. —_ Janet smiles lovingly. She puts down the model.
72) 7) dialog: NOt ZI went to the bathroom, and I heard something, and I looked out the window, and the Werewolf came toward the house. Then Thor came and fought with him and chased him away. Janet suppresses a smile. She looks at her boy and rubs h tired eyes.
72) 9) dialog: No, Mom! Thor was in the woods! He came back after the Werewolf tried to get in the house! He chased him through the neighbor's fence! saArsmmterron 88 89
72) 12) dialog: Mom?
72) 15) dialog: We know, don't we, Thor? Thor climbs onto the bed and lies down beside Brett, putt his body between the boy and the door. Reassured by Thor' presence, Brett drops to sleep.
79) 0) text: PUSH IN on Janet's face as she flips forwards to the last entry. UNCLE TED V.0. "January 10th, 1996. I have tried all medical solutions, to no effect. There is no known cure in medicine. But maybe...just maybe...there is hope for me. Janet and Brett came up to the house today. To see her again did my heart good. It rejuvenated me. I felt normal, human again. She has invited me to stay with her, and perhaps if I spend time with her, with my family, this disease will go into remission. Medicine will not stave off this disease. But perhaps love, the restorative power of love, family love...will save me. It is my last chance." Janet puts down the journal. (CONTINUED )
95) 0) text: A large unmarked white van is parked at the curb, its bac doors open. Thor is pulled by the white uniformed men acr the patio towards the van. The dog WHIMPERS and WHINES miserably. Thor looks over his shoulder as the house recedes behind He sees Mom, and Brett. The little boy is crying.
95) 1) dialog: 
95) 5) dialog: He's MY DOG! THOR! COME BACK! Thor tugs against the choke chain, his eyes welling as he sees the little boy reaching for him. Brett tries to go towards Thor, but Janet emotionally holds him back.
95) 7) dialog: 
95) 12) dialog: 
98) 0) text: Brett sits on the floor of his room, amid his monster mod kits. He stares at a framed photograph in his hands of he and Thor in the front yard. He dabs a tear. Absently he picks up the Wolfman model kit on his desk. And his gaze travels out the window to the backyard as Un Ted goes inside the Airstream.
104) 1) dialog: Don't worry, Thor. Brett moves quickly. He grabs his jacket. Out the window, down below, the garage door opens. Uncle Ted, in his sweatsuit, walks outside. The boy puts his jacket on. He quietly lifts open the window. And crawls out onto the roof. +
105) 0) text: Brett carefully climbs onto the big tree next to the hous and shimmies his way to the ground. He tiptoes to his bike leaning against the porch. And rides it swiftly out into the street.
107) 4) dialog: Hold on, boy. Brett rides towards an ugly concrete bunker of a building the end of the street.
108) 0) text: Brett's bike whips by a sign that says "CITY POUND." He rides his bike to the locked gate. The little boy dismounts his bike, and tugs on the padloc
110) 0) text: Brett tugs vainly on the padlocked gate. Then he spots a screwdriver lying by a toolkit on a works nearby He grabs it up and tries to pry the rusted padlock loose. Reviews liy 90 Ww) 132 133 134
112) 0) text: Outside the gate, Brett uses the screwdriver to pry the padlock. It starts to give. In the outside cages, the dog hear him and react. The SOUND of MANY DOGS BARKING. BRETT . C'mon.
112) 1) text: He. breaks the padlock off. cee BRETT ~ Yes! Brett opens the gate. Suddenly emergency lights pop on. THE ALARM GOES OFF. The boy reacts in comic panic.
112) 2) dialog: 
112) 5) dialog: Thor, I'm gonna get you out! Brett jams the screwdriver into the lock, but isn't stron enough to crack it. Putting his feet against the cage, th boy breaks the small padlock. The door swings open. Brett peers into the cage. Thor sits up, confused. He BARKS. (CONTINUED )
112) 8) dialog: C'mon, Thor, you're free! Thor tilts his head, confused. THOR P.O.V.: MOM.
112) 11) dialog: We're getting you out! Come on! Thor won't budge. Brett grabs him by the collar. He still won't budge.
112) 12) dialog: Thor! We gotta get you out of here! Thor blinks in befuddlement. .
113) 0) text: The German Shepherd grabs Brett's jacket cuffs and helps out of the Pound. Thor waits just long enough for the kid get on his bike. Then he bolts hell for leather out into street. Brett cycles after him. Thor runs as fast as his paws will carry him. He is outpacing the boy on his bike he charges down the street in the direction of the house. The ALARM WAILS.
115) 0) text: The squad car hangs a TIRE SQUEALING TURN around the corn Thor bolts in front of the car. Sheriff Jenson hits the brakes. Just as Brett speed pedals past the car after Thor. The police car chases after the boy and the dog.
120) 1) dialog: RRRROOOCOOOOAAARRRRR!!! The Werewolf EXPLODES through the window, landing on the floor in a shower of glass. Janet leaps for the cabinet above the refrigerator. With hysterical scream, Janet snags the .38 and box of bullets leaps through the living room door into--
122) 2) dialog: t Janet scrambles into. her boy's room.
123) 1) dialog: The Werewolf CLAWS at the door. EXT. “FOREST EDGE" STREET #3 - NIGHT 146 Thor bolts around the corner, making another car swerve w a BLARE of HORNS. He hunkers down and runs for his house, way up the block. Mom's SCREAMS can already be heard. A quarter mile behind Thor, Brett peddles fast. The cop car closes in on the boy and the dog.
123) 2) dialog: 
129) 0) text: A bright, sunny day. WORKMEN on a scaffold repair Brett's bedroom window. PAINTERS are finishing the touchups by th replaced kitchen door. The Airstream is gone.
130) 8) dialog: That's a boy. Good Dog. Brett pats the dog, and Thor lets them: A wave of happine and relief sweeps across the family as they huddle protectively over their dog, who WHIMPERS as their hands stroke him with their tender, familiar touch.
131) 3) dialog: 