12) 12) dialog: Nice doggie. Thor just eyes him.
12) 17) dialog: 
12) 19) dialog: You're a big one, aren't you? Are you a dog or a horse? Thor emits a low RUMBLE from deep in his throat. t Flopsy actually grins.
12) 21) dialog: Well, he's a helluva big German Shepherd. Are your Mom and Dad home? Thor squints.
12) 25) dialog: Ah, you must be the lady of the house. Mom faces Flopsy. frawmranions Bevery aay 7u wp 14
12) 32) dialog: Well, Ma'am, I see you have a young boy. Are you helping him to get the best education possible? I represent The Pacific Northwest Magna Reading Project, and we have a series of books which studies have proved are a major benefit towards advanced learning in phonetics and word comprehension. If I could have five minutes of your time to show you-- r
12) 34) dialog: I have them right here. Flopsy reaches his hand into his case. He eyes Thor with strange glint of opportunism in his eyes. Thor gives the man a single, vicious, snapping BARK.
12) 35) dialog: 
12) 44) dialog: 
12) 48) dialog: 
12) 58) dialog: Hey, listen, lady. I don't care if you are a lawyer. Your dog attacked me, and if you don't want to settle, fine. I won't sue you. I'll go to the humane society and show them what he did. I'll get a court order and have him destroyed. Baffled, Thor looks back and forth between Mom and Flopsy He lets out a low GROWL.
12) 63) dialog: I got my own doctor!
12) 69) dialog: I'll--I'1ll see you in court. The con man fidgets like a pinned bug. Thor watches Mom's demeanor from the sidelines, and his German Shepherd jowl break into a loose grin as he sees whatever it is going o Mom is winning. JANET . Brett, call Sheriff Jenson. Tell him you're my son, he'll take the call. Tell him we have a problem and to send a. -deputy right away. . Janet turns to Flopsy. with a grin.
12) 71) dialog: YOU F--! i The man explodes in anger. Thor leaps up on his haunches and BARKS violently. Mom whirls on Thor and roars ferociously.
12) 78) dialog: You ain't heard the last of this!
80) 4) dialog: Here, Poochie, Poochie... ‘ His face breaks into a sleazeball grin as he opens Flopsy pushes open the door.
80) 5) dialog: Here, doggie. C'mere ya stupid friggin’ dog... GGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. -- « He stops cold. A monstrous shadow rears over his own on the wall. Werewolf GROWLS behind his back...
80) 6) dialog: N-nice d-doggie... the lock. The (CONTINUED )
80) 9) dialog: Bullfuckingshit. He raises the cleaver. With a powerful swipe of its razor talon, the Werewolf rips off Flopsy's knife hand at the wrist. The man's eyes bug out as he sees his blood-goutin severed stump. He is about to scream. A second swipe of the Werewolf's talon detaches his laryn with the better part of his throat. The creep tries to run for it. He gets two feet. The Werewolf swipes it's talon, tearing a gaping cavity i the man's torso and heaving him through the air.
81) 0) text: Flopsy flies like a tossed rag doll through the branches lands on the ground. Physically unable to scream, he clambers to his feet. His throat jets blood as he scrambl in agony and terror through the trees.
83) 0) text: ™~ Flopsy staggers bloodlessly onto a--
84) 0) text: And stands stuperously on the two-lane blacktop. He turns, his face blinded by headlights... As the POLICE CAR comes speeding around the corner, SIREN WAILING, SLAMMING on its BRAKES too late. Flopsy is hit by the car at 50 MPH. His shattered body is flung twenty feet into the air, and lands on top of the police car, shattering the cherrytops showers of sparks and blood. . Sheriff Jenson climbs out of the patrol car. He regards t twisted pile of meat adorning his squad car that is all t remains of- the con man. . 100 DELETE. “~ 101 DELETE. 102 DELETE.
89) 0) text: Janet faces Sheriff Jenson. He shows her Flopsy's driver' license.