12) 24) dialog: Can I help you?
12) 31) dialog: Yes, I am.
12) 33) dialog: Thank you, but we really aren't interested in buying-- FLOPSY ‘ Please let me show you these books my company has developed-- He opens his attache case. Thor lets out a low, threatening GROWL;
12) 39) dialog: Thor. (CONTINUED )
12) 46) dialog: 
12) 53) dialog: You- can talk to me. Mom pulls a small white card out of her wallet and tosses contemptuously to Flopsy.
12) 54) dialog: I'm a lawyer. Before Flopsy can react, Janet reaches down and jerks the jacket from the man's shoulder. There is no wound.
12) 55) dialog: I don't see what you're going to sue for, except maybe the price of a new suit at K-Mart.
12) 59) dialog: Get in the house, Thor! Mom points the dog towards the house. If possible, the German Shepherd is on the verge of tears of confusion and shame. He has no choice. He does what he is told. Thor slinks away, tail between his legs. He slumps on the porc and watches the heated interchange between his master and stranger who apparently threatened Mom. Mom faces Flopsy furiously as the man lies on the ground.
12) 60) dialog: Did he bite you? Flopsy hesitates.
12) 61) dialog: Because if he bit you, you'll have to see a doctor right now. Since you're on foot, I'll give you a lift to the nearest hospital emergency room right now. Janet holds out her hand to help the man up.
12) 62) dialog: I'll take you to our family doctor.
12) 64) dialog: All right. I think I've heard about enough, Flopsy.
12) 68) dialog: A flopsy, Brett, is a con man who does things like walk in front of cars and pretend to get hit. Or intentionally provoke people's dogs and pretend to get bitten. He threatens to sue people or have their pets destroyed unless they pay him money. I've prosecuted plenty of these guys.
12) 70) dialog: It was nice knowing you, Flopsy. I'll visit you in the slammer.
12) 74) dialog: Now, my advice to you is to turn around, and walk away without saying another word and without looking back. The humiliated con man stumbles away up the sidewalk. He wags his finger at Janet. (CONTINUED )
12) 76) text: +e ee 14 15 16 " Janet opens the door and pushes the dog'inside with the 11B. Rev.23/04/96 (Goldenrod)
12) 79) dialog: I think I have. But don't think of this as a total loss--you learned a valuable lesson: Don't mess with a lawyer on her own turf! Mom turns her back on Flopsy and ushers Brett back toward the house. Thor, the big German Shepherd, sits small and fearful on porch, his tail helplessly thumping. Janet walks up to him. Thor looks up expectantly. Mom stares down at Thor with hard eyes. JANET t Get in. of the family.
13) 1) dialog: Sit down. Thor sits. Registering her stern tone, he looks up at her ' with his most baleful eyes, and lays down on his stomac tail thumping repentantly.
13) 2) dialog: Quit groveling. More tail thumps.
13) 3) dialog: This is serious Thor. Sit up. Thor sits up. * ee JANET - Pay attention. Mom kneels down beside Thor, grabbing him not untenderly the jowls. She looks him affectionately in the face.
13) 4) dialog: Listen to me, numbskull. I know you were just doing your job and trying to protect us. But we could have lost you today. If you bite somebody they can take you away from us and take you to the pound and there wouldn't be anything we could do. You're the man of the house, Thor. What would we do without the man of the house, huh?
13) 6) dialog: 
13) 7) dialog: That's not the point. Thor can't meet Mom's eyes. Janet takes the dog's face an forces him to look at her. (CONTINUED )
13) 10) dialog: You listen to me, Thor. You are NEVER. NEVER. To bite a human being. No matter what. You are NEVER to BITE ANYONE. BAD (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
13) 11) text: JANET (cont'd) DOGS bite people. BAD DOGS get put away. You aren't a BAD DOG, are you? Thor, are you listening to me? Thor looks up at Mom with wet eyes. THOR P.O.V.: B&W. MOM'S FIERCE, FIRM, LOVING FACE IN HIS.
13) 12) dialog: 
13) 24) dialog: You listening to me, Thor? You're not a bad dog. You're a GOOD DOG. Hear me?
13) 33) dialog: 
13) 36) dialog: 
13) 40) dialog: Good dog. Thor gratefully licks their faces, relieved. Janet picks up the phone. Dials a number.
13) 41) dialog: Hi, Sheriff Jenson. This is Janet Harrison out at 43 Oak Creek Lane. Listen, I want to report an incident...
15) 0) text: Janet watches Brett roughhousing with Thor on the floor, dog affectionately licking his face.
15) 1) dialog: Don't I know it. Thanks. She hangs up. 106 17
20) 0) text: Thor quietly pads to Mom's bedroom. Inside, all quiet. He pokes open the door with his snout. Peers in. Janet is in bed, working on legal briefs scattered around sheets. She adjusts her spectacles on her nose, and looks at the dog with great warmth. She blows him a kiss. This pleases the dog, and he emits a satisfied "gruff." His sentry duty completed for the night, Thor heads downstairs. 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 18.
26) 0) text: Thor eats his breakfast from a bowl of Alpo. Janet is cooking breakfast. Brett is seated at the table, grimly doing his homework. He slaps down his “pencil. .
26) 2) dialog: You're going to sit there until you finish your definitions. You told me that you turned them in Friday when you were supposed to. Surprise.
26) 4) dialog: Don't aww Ma me. Or I'll add a couple of words to the list for not telling me the truth. Look up “Indictment.” The PHONE RINGS. Mom picks up. Thor looks at Mom. THOR P.O.V.: BLACK AND WHITE. MOM CHATTING AWAY. WARM. HAPPY.
26) 5) dialog: 
26) 12) dialog: 
26) 14) dialog: 
26) 19) dialog: 
26) 24) dialog: He's been back a few months. I didn't * even know. We're going to drive up and * see him today. How does that sit with you guys? It sits good.
26) 26) dialog: Gosh, I didn't even know he'd got back. That flaky brother of mine... (CONTINUED)
26) 29) dialog: Gosh, I didn't even know he'd got back. That flaky brother of mine... (CONTINUED )
26) 33) dialog: of course... Brett stops.
26) 34) dialog: We'll leave just as soon as you've finished your homework.
29) 0) text: Janet drives. Brett is in the back seat, playing pocket Nintendo. Thor has his head stuck out the open window, in his glory.
29) 5) text: 34 35 36 37 cae - JANET
32) 14) dialog: How are you? She strokes his distinctive facial stupble with sisterly disapproval. . JANET . ‘ Ever occur to you to use that razor I bought you for Christmas?
32) 16) dialog: Yeah right, that's why you're back a month and don't call me, don't tell me where you are, don't--What's with you, you. putz. She socks .him one in the arm. Then kisses him.
32) 17) dialog: It's good to see you too. Thor jumps around Uncle Ted, his concerns for the moment of mind. He BARKS. Ted crouches down and hugs his nephew.
32) 33) text: Uncle Ted rolls down his collar to reveal a now-healed, b once horrific, mauling on his shoulder and neck. The kid gasps. Uncle Ted chuckles. Janet is shocked.
32) 34) dialog: Ted! My God! (CONTINUED )
32) 38) dialog: Ted oh my--that looks awful! Ted closes his shirt from Janet's deeply concerned gaze.
32) 48) dialog: Leave him be. He's out in the woods and he's happier than a pig in--
32) 50) dialog: Mud. Speaking of mud. Let's go have a cup of that famous coffee of yours. They go inside. Uncle Ted casts a cautious eye to the dog do. Thor remains outside, nosing around. + Sniffing, che wanders around to a small adjacent section the beach.
34) 0) text: A kitchenette attached to a spare bedroom. Tidy and neat, with few things around. Color naturalist photographs cove the walls. Photographic equipment is scattered around. Color photographs are everywhere. Uncle Ted takes steaks from the fridge. Janet helps him carry out sodas, a salad and a coffee thermos. Brett plays with an unloaded rifle the bed. Janet regards the color photographs quizzicaly.
34) 1) dialog: So what's with the Airstream? Last time I saw you you were getting your house all remodeled. Next thing I know you're living out here in the boonies ina trailer.
34) 3) dialog: Weve got some catching up to do. Big time.
35) 0) text: Janet pulls up a folding table and sets down the food. Un Ted dumps coals then pours kerosine in a Weber barbecue. strokes the coals as they talk.
35) 2) dialog: So far so good. My caseload is lighter than it was at the D.A.'s office in Chicago. And the pace is easier. I'm frankly glad to be out of criminal litigation. UNCLE TED . How you guys adjusting to small town life? r
35) 4) dialog: Brett...well, it frankly hasn't been an easy adjustment for him. He hasn't made any friends in the neighborhood yet. Thor is his best friend. I think he talks more to the dog than he does to me. But Chicago is no place to raise kids-- *
35) 11) dialog: You're not telling me something. Uncle Ted breaks her gaze. He walks to the edge of the la and stares off distantly.
35) 13) dialog: I'm sorry, Ted.
35) 16) dialog: I'm sorry about Marjorie. Looks like we're both on our own these days, huh? Janet brightens. ‘
35) 17) dialog: Hey, how ‘bout if I talk to Marjorie? She and I always got along. Maybe if I called her and I could help get you to back together-- Uncle Ted darkens. Shivers at the memory.
35) 24) dialog: So what are you going to do?
35) 26) dialog: You know I'm always there for you. If you need help, all you have to do is ask.
35) 31) dialog: Okay. They embrace on the lonely beachhead. EXT. AIRSTREAM - LAKE — DAY 40 Thor follows the scent across the clearing, away from the trailer. The smell leads him onto a hikers path that goes deep into the huge pine forest. Like a bloodhound, Thor sniffs out the trail, padding into the woods.
38) 10) dialog: That's our Thor. Overprotective. Maybe if he saw you more.
38) 17) dialog: What did you do, spit in his-Alpo?
39) 0) text: Gathering dusk settles on the lake, the forest and the si bullet of an Airstream. Janet, Brett, and Uncle Ted finis their dinner outside by the barbecue.
40) 0) text: They finish their food. The shadows are lengthening. Uncl Ted notes this with concern. He looks at his watch, then Janet. (CONTINUED)
40) 7) dialog: I want you to stay with us for awhile, Ted. Ted looks nervously at the twilight past the tree perimet
40) 9) dialog: I mean it. I'm worried about you.
40) 13) dialog: When?
40) 15) dialog: This week. Uncle Ted looks at his sister. He kisses her. She smiles fondly. (CONTINUED )
40) 19) dialog: Good. And goes to the car.
40) 21) dialog: Hey. I love you, you know. Uncle Ted sort of smiles. He raises his hand and waves at her. She starts the car and drives off up the road. Uncle Ted heads off towards his trailer, with a quick glance at setting sun.
41) 0) text: Janet drives off down the dirt road.
41) 2) dialog: I don't know. Thor sits in the back seat of the station wagon. He stare at the receding Airstream and the shrinking figure of Unc Ted swallowed up by the shadows as the car turns onto the highway. (CONTINUED )
44) 0) text: The German Shepherd sits on the sofa staring out the pict window at the empty street leading out,of town. Storm clo loom in the distance. Thor has what soldiers call "the forty-yard stare." Outside, Brett beckons him out. Thor doesn't budge. Janet working on legal briefs. (CONTINUED)
44) 3) dialog: Ted! INT. AIRSTREAM ~- LAKE — DAY Ted is on the phone. Unshaven. Shaky. almost inhuman blue eyes bloodshot. Disheveled. His (CONTINUED)
45) 2) dialog: Ted, you sound terrible. Thor turns his head in alarm. THOR P.O.V.: B&W. JANET ; YOU REALLY DO, TED. Thor WHIMPERS, in real fear. Janet lights her cigarette.
45) 3) dialog: Ted, is there a problem up there?
49) 0) text: Janet cracks a big grin.
49) 1) dialog: Oh, TED, you're ALWAYS welcome to stay with us. Thor leaps to attention. He YELPS in fear.
51) 0) text: Uncle Ted cracks a beer and hands one to Janet. He lifts bottle with a satisfied sigh.
51) 2) dialog: I'm always right, little brother.
51) 4) dialog: I'm glad you're here.
51) 11) dialog: Handcuffs, Ted? Uncle Ted stares at Janet a long moment. Then he laughs.
51) 13) dialog: “Maximum security high tempered steel". Oooh baby.
51) 15) dialog: I think I better keep an eye on you. Ted, I got a feeling it's gonna be real interesting having you here. C'mon, I'm making dinner. Uncle Ted looks uncomfortably out the window at the beginnings of dusk.
51) 17) dialog: You're free to come and go as you please. fanwmranren + Rev:4/19/96 (p)
51) 19) dialog: You're free to come and go as you please. She grins.
51) 20) dialog: As long as you follow my rules.
52) 1) dialog: Goodnight, Thor. The dog looks up at her, worry on his face. She goes upstairs. Thor returns his sentry gaze to the trailer. The dog sits sentry-like by the kitchen door, watching th Airstream in the moonlight. Thor looks out the window to see the trailer door open. Uncle Ted walks out in his jogging suit, beaded in sweat. casts an anxious glance up at the moon, then hurries off across the back lawn, vaults a little creek, and runs int the woods. The CLINKING of something METALLIC. Thor leaps to his feet. He 62 63 64 Rev:4/19/96 (p)
53) 0) text: Janet sits up in bed, glasses perched on her nose, review a pile of legal documents. THOR starts BARKING FURIOUSLY downstairs. Janet throws down the papers.
53) 1) dialog: What the HELL--? Janet leaps out of bed, pissed off, and leaves the room.
54) 0) text: Janet bursts downstairs. Thor is up on his hind legs, paw at the door. He BARKS and BARKS URGENTLY.
54) 2) dialog: 
54) 4) dialog: 
54) 6) dialog: I don't see anything out there, Thor! On the second floor landing, Brett starts down the stairs
54) 7) dialog: Brett, go back to bed! Excited, Brett keeps going downstairs anyway. Janet befuddledly looks at her BARKING dog, and her alarm family, and simply doesn't know what to do.
54) 8) dialog: What do you think is out there, Thor? Thor BARKS and BARKS protectively, stubbornly standing hi ground. He leaps up, putting his paws on the back door window, BARKING warnings to the thing in the woods, then (CONTINUED )
54) 12) dialog: Go on, get out! Thor bolts out the door.
58) 0) text: Thor trots briskly through the trees towards the flickeri flashlight beam. . JANET .
59) 0) text: Janet brings the dog in the house and unhooks the leash. holds the pooch's head in both hands, forcing the dog to at her.
59) 1) dialog: There. Is. Nothing. Out. There. Thor looks up at Mom with wet eyes, so confused, so frustrated, by his inability to communicate. He WHIMPERS dismally. Janet squeezes the sides of his face fondly, comically scrunching the dog's features. PA tanron \ 71 72 73
59) 3) dialog: Stop. Being. So. Over. Protective. Thor trembles violently. Janet stomps up the stairs. The German Shepherd remains alone in the kitchen. He stares unblinking out the kitchen window at the dark wall of pin forest.
60) 1) dialog: Well, if it isn't Canine Non Gratis. Mom is obviously tired from lack of sleep, as she leans d and scratches the German Shepherd's head. Thor is exhaust from his all night vigil. Janet leans down and berates hi sarcastically.
60) 2) dialog: Good MORNING Thor. How are you TODAY? Rise and SHINE there, big guy. What's the matter? Aren't you a MORNING PERSON? The tired dog gruffs miserably as Janet prods him awake. REVI4/19/90 Ww vee THOR P.O.V.: B&W. MOM.
60) 3) dialog: 
60) 6) dialog: Oh, I'll stop pickin' on you. I know you were just looking out for us, and it's better safe than sorry, Thor. Janet starts throwing some bacon on a skillet. Thor looks her tentatively, his tail thumping nervously. He looks at the floor near Janet's feet. Brett, dressed in p.j.'s, co downstairs. He smiles at the dog, who behaves like he is well, the doghouse. “ JANET . Did he keep you up, too? Thor puts his head dismally on his paws.
60) 8) dialog: I know. I know. I just wish he wouldn't wake us up every time a raccoon comes within a mile of the house.
60) 10) dialog: You got a friend, knucklehead. She laughs ruefully, in spite of herself. (CONTINUED )
60) 13) dialog: C'mere, stupid. THOR P.O.V.: MOM.
60) 14) dialog: 
60) 26) dialog: Brett, have you seen your THOR P.O.V.: B&W. MOM.
60) 27) dialog: 
60) 34) dialog: Ever hear of a comb? Thor kept you up _ too ‘last night, too?
60) 36) dialog: Ted, why didn't you tell me about the curfew up in Skyline? Those hikers that were killed. The animal that's loose up there. I saw it on television today. There were police everywhere. Uncle Ted looks at his sister. His face is blank. JANET . I'm talking about that curfew up where you live. Your Airstream wa’ on television. Didn't you hear about it?
60) 38) dialog: So this means you'll have to stay with us until they lift the curfew. |; Uncle Ted eyes his sister a long beat.
60) 43) dialog: Want, some breakfast?
60) 46) text: Uncle Ted cautiously removes his hand, with a slow grin. “ UNCLE TED : In good time, boy, in good time. Janet stands in the doorway. Uncle Ted and seems anxious about whether she noticed the interchange between him and dog. Thor just watches him coldly as Uncle Ted heads for kitchen. Thor follows him into-- INT. KITCHEN - HARRISON HOUSE - DAY ‘ Janet cooks. Uncle Ted sits down. Thor takes a protective position between them. Brett is watching "Werewolf of London" on the VCR. Uncle Ted casts a jaundiced eye at th television showing Henry Hull as he stares nervously at t full moon hovering in the sky. He stares in horror at the bad special effects on his hand, growing hairy. Uncle Ted guffaws.
60) 60) dialog: Brett, I want you to take out the trash. Before breakfast.
60) 64) dialog: Don't “awww Mom" me. Go. Brett gets up, grabs the trash cans, and takes them outsi
60) 66) dialog: I don't know, really. Mom pours her brother some coffee.
60) 67) dialog: Thor thought he heard something in the woods, and he just about threw a fit. Woke the whole house up. You're lucky you were in the Airstream. You'd think World War Three started. Anyway, I finally let him out, and he,ran into the woods and didn't come back. I tried calling him with the dog whistle, but he “just barked. ‘ Uncle Ted turns his back casually, so his sister doesn't his face is white with fear.
60) 69) dialog: Nothing. ' Uncle Ted tries to keep his tone nonchalant.
60) 71) dialog: I have no idea, but I'm not too worried. Thor barks at practically anything. Uncle Ted seems be be undergoing an inner struggle.
60) 75) dialog: Until what?
60) 77) dialog: I thought they said it was a grizzly bear.
60) 80) dialog: Are you ready for this? One ‘hundred and five pounds!
60) 82) dialog: Ted, give me a break! The dog starts barking in the night, and now you've got a@ two hundred pound wolf at the door! Are you feeling okay? She puts down the pan and looks at her brother. Uncle Ted gets up and walks to the sink, his back to his sister.
60) 89) dialog: You just got here. He takes a deep breath.
60) 91) dialog: What's wrong with your wrists? Shock hits”her. She doesn't want to know the answer.
60) 92) dialog: I said, what's wrong with your WRISTS, Ted? Janet pulls the sleeves up. She sees the wrists have been bandaged. She looks at her brother in alarm. JANET ‘ Ted, you look me in the eye. Ted doesn't look up.
60) 93) dialog: Look me in the eye and you tell me that you. didn't cut your wrists. (CONTINUED )
60) 98) dialog: Promise me, promise me, you'll stay here until...until you work things out. Please. Thor watches the proceedings with mortal dread, a low WHI escaping him as he realizes the depth of Mom's attachment her brother. Uncle Ted turns. He puts his face in his hands. He doesn' cry. He just stands that way for what:seems like an eternity, thinking. Then he draws his fingers slowly down and off his face.
62) 6) dialog: Thor! C'mon in! Bedtime! Thor looks’ at Mom standing in the kitchen doorway, then Uncle Ted. He is torn between obedience and instinct.
62) 7) dialog: 
62) 9) dialog: Get in here. Thor climbs the steps into the kitchen and sits down with disgusted GRUNT.
63) 0) text: Mom closes the kitchen door. Behind her back, through the window, Uncle Ted runs for the woods as if the Devil hims were on his tail. Janet doesn't see him. She kneels down by Thor. \e Ss f it Lf (CONTINUED)
63) 3) dialog: What's with you? She scratches the dog. Thor looks up at her with pleading eyes.
63) 4) dialog: You be a Good Dog, alright? Mom pets Thor gently. Thor WHINES for a second, then give up. Mom goes upstairs to bed. Thor gets up and looks through the window.
66) 0) text: Janet bursts out of the bedroom, hearing the commotion outside. She runs to the wall and throws a security syste switch.
70) 1) dialog: Who's out here! Thor runs over to block her way, BARKING URGENTLY, trying back Janet into the house. She walks outside, shining the flashlight around. Thor BARKS FURIOUSLY, and tries to blo Mom's way, keeping one eye out for therWerewolf. Janet doesn't even slow down, merely acts annoyed. Janet keeps scouting the back of the house with.the flashlight. Thor' shepherding instincts are in full command. He runs in fro --of Mom and BARKS to warn her off. It only annoys Janet further. Janet shines the flashlight on Thor. She gasps a she sees the speckles of blood on his snout. She kneels d and touches the cut on his nose. -
70) 2) dialog: What happened, Thor? Janet is terribly concerned as she shihes the flashlight Thor's coat and sees the multitude of scratches and cuts.
70) 3) dialog: Hey, boy, what did this to you? How did you get cut? The dog looks straight ahead, haunted. Thor WHIMPERS.
70) 4) dialog: Was it another dog? No, it wasn't that. Was it a rat, or a raccoon? A person? The dog doesn't react.
70) 5) dialog: I wish you could talk. (CONTINUED)
70) 9) dialog: Thor... Thor WHIMPERS, gazing sentry-like around them.
71) 0) text: Janet rushes in, grabs the phone, and dials 911. JANET . This is Janet Harrison at 43 Oak Creek Lane. I need Sheriff Jenson, please. ‘Right now. ' Brett comes to the top of the stairs.
71) 2) dialog: BRETT, STAY UPSTAIRS! Hello, Sheriff? Thor patrols the perimeter of the kitchen. Fear is in his eyes as he stares out at the darkened forest. Through the kitchen window, Janet hangs up the phone and goes upstair
72) 0) text: Janet sits on Brett's bed. Brett has the covers pulled up his nose, absolutely terrified. Mom strokes Brett's hair softly.
72) 1) dialog: There's no such thing as werewolves, Brett. (CONTINUED )
72) 3) dialog: Whatever it was, it wasn't a Werewolf.
72) 6) dialog: I see. You sure you weren't having a bad dream? i
72) 8) dialog: Are you sure this Werewolf wasn't Thor?
72) 11) dialog: Well, look. As long as Thor chased him away, we're safe, right? And Thor is in the house now, so I'm sure if there is a Werewolf out there, he won't try anything. We can figure this out tomorrow, okay? Janet tousles the boy's hair and gets off the bed. She go to the door. Dog tired.
72) 13) dialog: Yeah, sweetheart? . BRETT . Could you leave the door open a crack?
72) 14) dialog: Sure. Go to sleep, Brett. Janet departs, leaving the door open a few inches. The boy lies in bed. In a moment, the familiar protective pad of paws on the carpet, and Thor peers through the crack in the door. The big German Shepherd wedges open the door with his nose. H crosses the room and stands by Brett's bed. The little bo pets him.
73) 0) text: Janet walks out into the darkened back yard. She knocks o the door of the Airstream.
73) 1) dialog: Ted? EAnemrinens 89
73) 6) dialog: Ted, you in there? Janet turns towards the woods. Did she hear something out there? She ignores it, and knocks again. The door slides open. Unlocked. Janet almost doesn't go in. Then she does
74) 0) text: Janet stands inside the dark and apparently empty trailer
74) 1) dialog: Ted? Janet switches on the desktop light. The place is neat. Janet looks in the bathroom. .
74) 3) dialog: _Ted? Then she sees something on the desk. An open folder. A pi of snapshots. Marjorie. Janet picks up one of the snapshots. And sees the others...The self-timed photo of Uncle Ted and Marjorie they shot in Nepal. Janet cannot resist flipping through them. Marjorie was a looker.
74) 4) dialog: Nice. . Then she sees the next picture...And chokes back vomit. Marjorie's savaged, mutilated remains, shot during daylig hours in the Nepal forest.
74) 5) dialog: Ohhhhh, my God. There's more. A mauled dead Native Guide. Janet stares at Marjorie's corpse in horrified fascination.
74) 6) dialog: Marjorie...What.-.?
77) 0) text: Janet reads aloud in horrible fascination.
77) 1) dialog: “January 4th, 1996. Tonight I remain myself. Lucid. Human. I realize that my condition was caused by the bite of the creature. The disease is transfered through the saliva into the bloodstream.
78) 2) dialog: 
79) 0) text: PUSH IN on Janet's face as she flips forwards to the last entry. UNCLE TED V.0. "January 10th, 1996. I have tried all medical solutions, to no effect. There is no known cure in medicine. But maybe...just maybe...there is hope for me. Janet and Brett came up to the house today. To see her again did my heart good. It rejuvenated me. I felt normal, human again. She has invited me to stay with her, and perhaps if I spend time with her, with my family, this disease will go into remission. Medicine will not stave off this disease. But perhaps love, the restorative power of love, family love...will save me. It is my last chance." Janet puts down the journal. (CONTINUED )
79) 5) dialog: Oh, Ted. She stands in the Airstream, holding the journal. Through the open door, something darts outside in the dar
86) 0) text: Janet stands by the window with Thor. She looks up to see a POLICE HELICOPTER soar overhead, it searchlight beacon passing across the massive expanse of woods. She pats Thor.
86) 1) dialog: Easy, boy. The DOORBELL RINGS. Janet jumps. Goes into--
87) 0) text: Janet opens the door. Sheriff Jenson stands there, his face grim. He is backlit the flashes of a squad car in the driveway.
89) 0) text: Janet faces Sheriff Jenson. He shows her Flopsy's driver' license.
89) 2) dialog: Yes.
89) 5) dialog: Or a dog, is that it?
89) 7) dialog: Thor got into a fight. Tonight, with someone, or something. He has cuts. (CONTINUED)
89) 11) dialog: You know about these slayings up in the Skyline area? Those hikers that were mutilated?
89) 13) dialog: No, that's not it. My question is... Is ‘there any possibility that the killings were committed by a...human being? Sheriff Jenson shakes his head.
89) 15) dialog: I don't know. Janet ponders, most uneasy. Sheriff Jenson grabs his hat. : Goes to the door.
90) 0) text: Janet comes down to the kitchen. Thor notices nervously that Mom is quietly keeping an eye him.
90) 1) dialog: Hi, Thor. THOR P.O.V.: B&W. MOM. EDGY. . JANET .
90) 6) dialog: Right to the Airstream. Janet, preoccupied, keeps looking out the kitchen window. Thor is still lying at the foot of the Airstream, apparen asleep. Then, as Janet watches, the door to the trailer opens... Rev: 4/19/96 (p)
91) 1) dialog: Hi, Ted.
91) 3) dialog: Where were you last night, Ted?
91) 5) dialog: ~~ All night? Uncle Ted picks up on the testiness in his sister's voice His eyes travel to the dog who glares at him with open danger. The man's eye glint manipulatively as he answers Janet cagily. ‘
91) 7) dialog: You didn't see anything? Hear anything? Janet notices the dog's hackles rising as the animal star at her brother. She slips a finger into the loop on Thor' choker. ‘ UNCLE TED Like what?
91) 8) dialog: Jesus Ted, a guy got killed right outside here last night! There were police cars and a helicopter! on, (CONTINUED )
91) 12) dialog: Where were you last night, Ted? He leans deliberately down and scratches his ankle, where dog bit the Werewolf.
91) 13) dialog: Ted? Thor nonchalantly sniffs the bottom of his pants leg. Thor looks up at Uncle Ted. + Uncle Ted gives Thor a wink. THOR P.O.V.: UNCLE TED'S THROAT. Then he leaps. Janet manages to restrain Thor just as the dog's teeth sn savagely at Uncle Ted's neck. Thor misses. With a cry of alarm, Uncle Ted brings up an arm to shield his face. Tho sinks his fangs into the arm. Janet yanks him backwards before Thor can clamp down and do any real damage. Uncle stumbles back, stunned, as Mom slips on the grass and fal backwards, pulling Thor with her. Thor finds his balance, digs his claws into the ground, and pulls violently to ge Uncle Ted, snapping his head from side to side and chokin himself in the process. Uncle Ted stumbles back towards t Airstream as blood runs down his arm, soaking his torn sh sleeve and coating his hands.
91) 15) dialog: 
92) 0) text: Janet hustles Thor through the kitchen to the cellar door
92) 1) dialog: 
93) 1) dialog: BAD DOGI!t The door slams shut. Is locked. JANET V.O.
93) 5) dialog: 
93) 10) dialog: 
93) 19) dialog: 
93) 24) dialog: 
93) 31) dialog: Thor. Thor doesn't lift his head, deeply despondent.
93) 32) dialog: Thor. Thor opens his eyes. The door has cracked open at the top of the stairs.
93) 33) dialog: Come here, Thor. It's okay, boy. I said come here. Thor. It's okay, boy. Thor rises weakly to his feet.
93) 34) dialog: Come on, Thor. t His tail between his legs, Thor takes a tentative step forward, his head lowered. He walks to the steps. Mom stands at the top of the steps, her face beckoning the do softly. baawmeanrens 112 113
93) 37) dialog: Here, boy. Thor gets to the top step. He doesn't see the white sneakers until too late.
94) 0) text: POUND MAN #1 throws a choke chain around Thor's throat, attached to a long pole. POUND MAN #2 throws another chok chain over the dog's head. Thor regards the men in the wh uniforms in bewilderment, then in horrific realization. Thor throws a terrified glance at Janet, who regards him huge sadness.
94) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, boy.
95) 4) dialog: Brett. They have to take him. I'm sorry. There's nothing we can do.
95) 6) dialog: Brett! Stay here! They have to take Thor! He's dangerous!
99) 0) text: Janet sits at the table. He troubled gaze travels from th Airstream out the window to the book she has open before . A professional manual on Criminal Psychology. She leafs through it the chapter on schizophrenia and the paragraph on violent schizophrenics. She rubs her eyes an fumbles with a cigarette as she reads on. He gaze traveling once again to the quiet trailer... — 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 BB. ReV.23/04/96 (Goldenrod)
101) 0) text: The family is finishing dinner. A tense silence hangs ove the table. Uncle Ted has his arm bandaged. Janet looks at him evenly, keeping a discreet but cool eye on him. She edgily gets up and clears the dishes.
101) 3) dialog: You're going to need a tetanus shot.
101) 6) dialog: I'll be right back. She leaves the room. Uncle Ted looks at Brett, as the boy picks absently with food. UNCLE TED . Listen, son. I'm really sorry about your dog. The boy doesn’t look at him. .
101) 10) dialog: Okay, Brett, time for bed. The little boy heads up the stairs with a sense of missio Uncle Ted looks out the window at the darkening skyline a rises from the table. (CONTINUED )
101) 14) dialog: Ted.
101) 16) dialog: If I ask you a question, will you tell me the truth? A beat.
101) 18) dialog: Where is Marjorie? Another beat. Ted eyes his sister blankly.
103) 0) text: Janet sits alone at the kitchen table. The lights are off She sips a cup of coffee, watching the Airstream through window. Her eyes are alert and precautious as she keeps a — lookout on the silhouette of Uncle Ted moving behind th trailer window. Janet hears the lock turn...And she tight (CONTINUED )
106) 0) text: Uncle Ted closes the trailer door behind him. He stares u at the moon in the clear, starry sky with crawling dread. Perspiration glistens on his forehead. The handcuffs CLIN in his pocket. He looks nervously around the yard, up at the house. He doesn't see Janet watching him through the darkened kitchen window. Uncle Ted hurries off over the creek into the heavy woods.
107) 0) text: Janet rises from the table, grabs the flashlight. A thought strikes her, and she goes to the cabinet above refrigerator. She takes down a box and opens it. Inside, a (CONTINUED)
109) 0) text: The thick rows of pines in the hovering mist. The dull glimmer of a flashlight against the ground. Janet steals quietly through the undergrowth, searching the shadowy tr trunks of the forest for Uncle Ted. Janet hears a RUSTLING. She brushes aside some branches. Revi4/L/syo (DO)
109) 3) dialog: -Yeah, it's me...What's up, Ted? Uncle Ted again emits. the strange, growl-like laugh as h turns to face Janet. —~ UNCLE TED So! Playing Nancy Drew, are we, sis? Ted's voice is distorting gruffly.
109) 7) dialog: You're going to come clean with me right now.
109) 15) dialog: What are you talking about? (CONTINUED )
109) 21) dialog: Yes.
109) 24) dialog: 
109) 33) dialog: T-Ted. Let's go to the hospital. There's one close by, and we can get you to a doctor and--
109) 42) dialog: You're out of your Goddamn mind.
112) 9) dialog: 
116) 0) text: Janet runs for her life, blindly smashing through the branches of the pine trees that block her way. Behind her the SAVAGE ROARS of the Werewolf as it plunges through th forest after her. Hot on her heels. Mom throws a terrified glance over her shoulder to see th huge, nightmarish creature through the trees fifty feet behind her. The WOLFLIKE ROARS fill the air. Janet flees through the forest. The Werewolf looks down at the sweatshirt and pants it wears as if noticing them for the first time. It flies into a frenzy, tearing the clothes o with its claws and teeth as it psychopathically pursues Janet. Mom is bathed in sweat as she scrambles through the undergrowth. Up ahead, she sees the lights of the house through the trees...
119) 1) text: The tract home at the edge of the big pine forest, alone unprotected in the moonlight. - Janet dashes out of the forest and heaves herself into--
120) 0) text: --locking the door. JANET i
121) 0) text: ~--SLAMMING IT SHUT on the Werewolf's talon as it snatche her. Blood squirts as the creature ROARS in pain. Janet throws her back against the door, but the monster is huge powerful and its other claw SMASHES through the door pane an explosion of splintered wood boards. The door is knocked off its hinges. Tanmranen: 139 140 141 142 143 143 144 145 146 AULe
122) 0) text: The Werewolf charges after Janet up the stairs. Screaming her lungs out, she heaves a bookcase down the steps onto monster. It ROARS in raging fury and shears the books to splinters and paper shavings as it hurries after her.
122) 1) dialog: 
123) 0) text: She slams the door closed and shoves a dresser in front o just as the creature's talon shatters the doorpanel. It claws out great chunks of wood, its MONSTER ROAR reverberating through the house. Janet goes to the bed. T boy is not there. Janet screams in terror. JANET i
125) 0) text: The door splinters and the Werewolf comes toppling into t room and onto the floor. It quickly leaps to its feet and rises to its full height above Janet cowering on the bed. screams hysterically. The Werewolf steps towards her... Thor bounds into the room, leaping onto the Werewolf's ba his jaws snapping at the thing's neck. He bites a chunk o Blood sprays the ceiling. JANET .
130) 0) text: Janet walks down the steps. Thor lies in the corner, bandaged. A steak, untouched, is in front of him. He apparently hasn't eaten for days, ahd his bones stick His manner is weak and listless, as if his will to live i gone. : Janet crouches down beside Thor. She tries to stroke the German Shepherd, but the dog shrinks away, like a leper.
130) 1) dialog: You gotta eat, big guy. You're the man of the house, and we need you to be big and strong. Thor looks away, as if he feels he is not worth living. A if he wishes he was never born. Mom's eyes well up. She takes a piece of the steak and tries to put it to Thor's mouth, but the dog will not open his teeth.
130) 2) dialog: You saved us, fella. You're our hero. I know you think you're a Bad Dog because you bit a person and I always told you that that's what Bad Dogs do, but this was different. Ted, he was different. He wasn't really a man, anymore. He was an animal, a sick animal, and he was going to hurt us. I think he knew you knew what he was and he...he wanted you to stop him... Janet tries to force feed Thor. Thor won't open his mouth Mom physically pulls the dog into her arms. Janet starts cry. On the upstairs landing, Brett is watching. Teary eyed. He comes down the stairs and hunkers down next to M by Thor. ° . (CONTINUED )
130) 5) dialog: I'm sorry Thor. Tf didn't understand that you were doing your job and trying to protect us, because just like you don't understand things that people know, we don't understand things that...dogs know. Mom and son huddle over their family pet.
130) 6) dialog: You aren't a Bad Dog, Thor. You're a Good Dog. Do you hear me, you're a Good Dog. A Good Dog, Thor. Thor shows a spark of life as he huddles in the shadows . lets Janet pat him.
130) 7) dialog: A Good Dog. Janet lets the tears come. r
130) 9) dialog: Good Dog... ; Thor looks up.
131) 0) text: Janet wakes up screaming from her nightmare, on the couch
131) 1) dialog: 
131) 5) dialog: It's okay. It's okay. Everything's going to be okay... FADE OUT.