14) 0) text: SHERIFF JENSON on the phone. The cop is taking notes.
14) 1) dialog: -.-Uh-huh...Uh-huh. Got it., Okay, Janet. I'll run a make on this guy from the description you gave me. And don't worry about ol' Thor. You know those German Shepherds. They're an overprotective breed.
71) 0) text: Janet rushes in, grabs the phone, and dials 911. JANET . This is Janet Harrison at 43 Oak Creek Lane. I need Sheriff Jenson, please. ‘Right now. ' Brett comes to the top of the stairs.
84) 0) text: And stands stuperously on the two-lane blacktop. He turns, his face blinded by headlights... As the POLICE CAR comes speeding around the corner, SIREN WAILING, SLAMMING on its BRAKES too late. Flopsy is hit by the car at 50 MPH. His shattered body is flung twenty feet into the air, and lands on top of the police car, shattering the cherrytops showers of sparks and blood. . Sheriff Jenson climbs out of the patrol car. He regards t twisted pile of meat adorning his squad car that is all t remains of- the con man. . 100 DELETE. “~ 101 DELETE. 102 DELETE.
87) 0) text: Janet opens the door. Sheriff Jenson stands there, his face grim. He is backlit the flashes of a squad car in the driveway.
87) 1) text: Sheriff... Sheriff Jenson walks in, his hat in his hand.
89) 0) text: Janet faces Sheriff Jenson. He shows her Flopsy's driver' license.
89) 1) dialog: Is this the man who approached your place last month?
89) 3) dialog: He's dead. Janet gasps.
89) 4) dialog: His name was Walter Mills. -I hit him in my patrol car tonight, respending to your call. He ran out into the middle of the -road, and I didn't have time to stop. But the thing of it is, the car isn't what killed him. He bore the marks of an animal attack. He had been torn open. By a big animal. Like a wolf. Or... Janet holds the Sheriff's gaze.
89) 6) dialog: Yes, Ma'am. I do recall you told me that Thor almost took a bite out of Mills the other day. Now maybe tonight, when Mills came back, Thor went at him again. The woman rubs her eyes.
89) 10) dialog: I see. Janet picks up Uncle Ted's journal and fingers it. She lo at Sheriff Jenson, deeply disturbed.
89) 12) dialog: Yes, Janet. I'm in daily contact with the Skyline Law Enforcement people. We're keeping a watch on the paths of the killings. But that wouldn't be the same animal that killed Mills. It would have had to travel two hundred miles from Skyline to get here and-- .
89) 14) dialog: No chance at all, Janet. They were done by a big animal. No man could tear a person apart the way the beast that butchered those people did. ' Same with Mills tonight. Wolves are the probable culprits. Very, very big wolves. But not a man. Not humanly possible. Why do you ask? Janet rubs her eyes, worried.
89) 16) dialog: I reckon that's all for now, Janet. We'll be in touch. Just one thing. I know you love Thor. And if he did tear up Mills, he was doin’ so to protect you. But once a dog becomes a biter, gets a taste for human blood, he becomes dangerous. With all due respect, Ma'am, (MORE )
114) 0) text: Sheriff Jenson is having coffee when he gets a call on th radio. POLICE RADIO V.O. Sheriff we got a 344 in progress at the city pound. fFanmranren + 136 137 138 139 we
114) 2) dialog: I'm on it. He hits the party lights and stomps on the gas.
115) 0) text: The squad car hangs a TIRE SQUEALING TURN around the corn Thor bolts in front of the car. Sheriff Jenson hits the brakes. Just as Brett speed pedals past the car after Thor. The police car chases after the boy and the dog.
118) 1) dialog: 