11) 1) text: HIGH above the green, lush pine forest. Rugged, untamed natural scenery for miles and miles. Then, down below, at the edge of the woods, is nestled a comfortable, middle-c neighborhood of tract houses and safe, clean streets. The trees part and the quiet suburban town of "Forest Edge" spreads out before us. The HELICOPTER SHOT travels over t town to FRAME a house situated a bit secluded at the edge the woods. The SOUND of a DOG BARKING. THOR, a big, healthy, friendly German Shepherd leaps up a grabs a baseball.
12) 0) text: Thor takes the baseball onto the front lawn and drops it the feet of BRETT HARRISON, 10. The little boy roughhouse with his pet on the freshly cut lawn of their all-America home. Thor jumps and prances, dodging back into the stree to play catch again. faenwamranron + 14
12) 47) dialog: Thor looks up at Mom, and obediently gets off the man. Flopsy sits up, angrily brushing himself off.
13) 0) text: Mom walks Thor to the middle of the room.
13) 11) text: JANET (cont'd) DOGS bite people. BAD DOGS get put away. You aren't a BAD DOG, are you? Thor, are you listening to me? Thor looks up at Mom with wet eyes. THOR P.O.V.: B&W. MOM'S FIERCE, FIRM, LOVING FACE IN HIS.
15) 0) text: Janet watches Brett roughhousing with Thor on the floor, dog affectionately licking his face.
17) 0) text: Thor pads up the stairs.
18) 0) text: Thor pads down the hall to Brett's bedroom. He pokes his nose in. The boy is sound asleep under his covers.
19) 0) text: Thor watches protectively from the doorway. Brett is tossing and turning, moaning from a bad dream. Thor's face etches with concern. He quietly pads in and gently licks Brett's face. That seems to calm him. Thor tugs the covers up over the boy. Brett is now soundly asleep. Thor leaves the room, nudging the door closed.
20) 0) text: Thor quietly pads to Mom's bedroom. Inside, all quiet. He pokes open the door with his snout. Peers in. Janet is in bed, working on legal briefs scattered around sheets. She adjusts her spectacles on her nose, and looks at the dog with great warmth. She blows him a kiss. This pleases the dog, and he emits a satisfied "gruff." His sentry duty completed for the night, Thor heads downstairs. 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 18.
21) 0) text: Thor pads down the stairs. He curls up on an easy chair. With a long yawn after his busy day, he puts his head on paws and drops to sleep.
26) 0) text: Thor eats his breakfast from a bowl of Alpo. Janet is cooking breakfast. Brett is seated at the table, grimly doing his homework. He slaps down his “pencil. .
29) 0) text: Janet drives. Brett is in the back seat, playing pocket Nintendo. Thor has his head stuck out the open window, in his glory.
31) 0) text: Mom smacks Thor on the butt. Sick ‘im, boy. Thor leaps out the window.
33) 0) text: A pickup truck parked by the water. Heaps of dirty clothe stuffed in trash bags. The German Shepherd checks out the area. He doesn't pay any attention to the tall stacks of framed black and white nature photographs that are piled there. Their glass frames have been smashed and shattered. Thor walks to the pile of soiled, dirt-stained laundry on ground. He sniffs. Recoils. Sniffs. Growls. Thor puts his nose to the ground and sniffs. The scent ha atrail. He follows it, nose first, up a hill. 38 39 Rev. 1Ly/U4/90 (Yellow) fle
37) 0) text: The dog makes his way past branches and brush that have clearly been trampled and torn asunder, as if by a wild animal. A piece of denim jacket, stained with blood, is stuck on branch. The SOUND of FLIES. Thor sniffs and sniffs, padding into the gully. He sniffs thick group of bushes. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: Brett plays frisbee on the lawn. No Thor.
44) 0) text: The German Shepherd sits on the sofa staring out the pict window at the empty street leading out,of town. Storm clo loom in the distance. Thor has what soldiers call "the forty-yard stare." Outside, Brett beckons him out. Thor doesn't budge. Janet working on legal briefs. (CONTINUED)
52) 0) text: Thor sits by the door, looking out the window at the Airstream. Not blinking. Mom pours a glass of ice water from the fridge. Watches Thor a moment. Notices he is staring at the Airstream. i
53) 0) text: Janet sits up in bed, glasses perched on her nose, review a pile of legal documents. THOR starts BARKING FURIOUSLY downstairs. Janet throws down the papers.
54) 0) text: Janet bursts downstairs. Thor is up on his hind legs, paw at the door. He BARKS and BARKS URGENTLY.
54) 3) dialog: Thor refuses to stop barking. He puts his paws up on the window of the back door, as if to show Mom what's out the
55) 0) text: Thor charges across the silvery, moonlit grass, leaps the little creek that separates the yard from the woods, and vanishes into the trees.
56) 0) text: The German Shepherd puts his nose to the trail, sniffing. slows to a trot, picking up Uncle Ted's scent. The woods are dark, much darker than the yard. The moon is low in t sky and very little moonlight penetrates the tall, dense trees. Thor stops. Lifts his head. Perks his ears.
57) 0) text: The branches part... And Thor is face to face with A WEREWOLF. It is handcuffed to a big tree. Though it is manlike in size and build, it is hideously unnatural. The Werewolf's face and body are completely covered with thick patches of black pubic-like hair. Cove with fur, it stands upright, on its hind legs, with its f legs wrapped around the tree trunk, held together by Uncl Ted's handcuffs. It wears Uncle Ted's sweatpants and the ragged remains of his sweatshirt, and a small metal objec dangles from a chain around its neck. The key to the handcuffs. Its face distends in a wolf-like snout. Two -grotesquely long fangs protrude from its exposed gums. I fangs are sharp and very dangerous-looking. It has been trying to cut through the tree trunk with them, and has gnawed a big hunk out of the tree before giving up on the idea. The Werewolf hasn't seen Thor yet. The German Shepherd backs slowly, silently, into the surrounding bushes, then edges in for a closer look. The Werewolf is chained to the lone tree in the clearing, the moon, now high in the sky, beams down on it like a spotlight. The creature's attention is torn between the moon and the handcuffs that bind it. It struggles awhile, tires, then gazes upward. It glowers at the moon, its fac picture of hate. The only sound that comes from the Werewolf is the same constant LOW GROWL Thor had heard in distance. The German Shepherd watches the creature with a mixture o apprehension and befuddlement. Thor sniffs the ground and locates one of Uncle Ted's sneakers. He sniffs it, looks the Werewolf, and a WHINE of confusion escapes his throat The Werewolf hears him and snaps his head around to see t interloper. At the sight of Thor, the Werewolf flies into a mad rage. Thor tenses and bares his teeth, ready to fight, but the handcuffs restraining the creature hold. The Werewolf can famamesnron + 69
57) 2) dialog: The Werewolf hears Mom. It turns to look in the direction a flickering flashlight beam. Its eyes gleam with an insa lust that sends a ripple of terror through Thor. JANET 0.S.
57) 3) dialog: Thor throws a glance in Mom's direction. Janet is getting closer. The dog turns one last time to the Werewolf, and bares his teeth in warning. Then he hurries off through t clearing to stop Mom. When the Werewolf sees that Thor is leaving, it explodes. opens its mouth wide, issuing a loud, voiceless, hateful hiss. It thrashes its head and shoulders from side to sid mindless fury, frantically trying to break the handcuffs the tree itself. The handcuffs cut into its wrists. It Lanmrmion + 70 71 50.
57) 5) dialog: A flashlight beam flickers through the tree branches. Thor stops and looks over his shoulder at the Werewolf. Seeing it will not escape, he abandons the clearing and h for the flashlight and the sound of Mom's voice.
58) 0) text: Thor trots briskly through the trees towards the flickeri flashlight beam. . JANET .
58) 1) dialog: Mom is ahead on the path. Thor approaches her deferentially, head, ears, and body l tail wagging apologetically between his legs. Janet stand waiting for him in her bathrobe and slippers, hands on he hips. A leash dangling from her wrist. . Thor ducks his head, deferring to her. Mom puts the leash on Thor's choker collar, and with a tu pulls him back with her through the woods towards the hou
60) 0) text: The sky above the woods and the tract house turns bright. INT. KITCHEN - HARRISON HOUSE - DAWN” 73 Thor sits-by the door. 7 His ears perk. He looks out the window to spot Uncle Ted staggering out the forest, wearing only his running pants. He carries th handcuffs in his fist. Seeing the coast is clear, he hurr across the lawn. As he reaches the Airstream, he turns to gee Thor watching him through the kitchen window. They lock eyes. And Uncle Ted slips into his trailer, locking the door. The dog watches, baffled. Mom's footsteps behind him.
60) 46) text: Uncle Ted cautiously removes his hand, with a slow grin. “ UNCLE TED : In good time, boy, in good time. Janet stands in the doorway. Uncle Ted and seems anxious about whether she noticed the interchange between him and dog. Thor just watches him coldly as Uncle Ted heads for kitchen. Thor follows him into-- INT. KITCHEN - HARRISON HOUSE - DAY ‘ Janet cooks. Uncle Ted sits down. Thor takes a protective position between them. Brett is watching "Werewolf of London" on the VCR. Uncle Ted casts a jaundiced eye at th television showing Henry Hull as he stares nervously at t full moon hovering in the sky. He stares in horror at the bad special effects on his hand, growing hairy. Uncle Ted guffaws.
62) 0) text: The sky is darkening fast. The dog walks to the foot of the Airstream. Sees Uncle Te silhouette behind the drapes. Thor sits on the grass and waits as the sky darkens over the pines. Ted opens the door and steps out on the landing in his br new sweatsuit. He takes one step, sees Thor, and stops short. A worried look on his face, he goes back inside th Airstream and closes the door. A beat. . Uncle Ted pulls a drape away from the window. Sees Thor still on the grass. Closes the drape. Thor makes himself comfortable on the grass. Uncle Ted looks out the window again. :
62) 1) text: Finally, he comes out on the landing. He stands looking d at Thor for a moment, then looks over his shoulder at the blackening eastern horizon. With a look of resignation on his face, he tentatively starts down the stairs, pausing briefly on each step to gauge Thor's réaction. Thor sits in place, watching him. Uncle Ted sets foot on the pavement, less than three feet from Thor, who sits motionless the whole time. Slightly emboldened and growing more desperate by the sec Uncle Ted cautiously begins walking towards the woods. Th immediately gets up and follows him, maintaining a consta distance of about ten feet between them. s Uncle Ted turns on the German Shepherd angrily with his held out straight, pointing towards the house.
62) 8) dialog: Thor walks up to Janet, looks her straight in the eye, an BARKS a few times in an attempt to convey the seriousness the mission. Mom doesn't get it. Obviously concerned abou the dog's strange behavior, Janet takes a deep breath and speaks patiently.
63) 0) text: Mom closes the kitchen door. Behind her back, through the window, Uncle Ted runs for the woods as if the Devil hims were on his tail. Janet doesn't see him. She kneels down by Thor. \e Ss f it Lf (CONTINUED)
63) 6) text: Thor WHINES, but swallows his bark. . He hears something in the house. ' Thor whirls, bracing in alarm. It's Brett.
65) 0) text: The Werewolf is at the edge of the yard. Thor BARKS savagely. He leaps straight for the Werewolf's throat. The creature's foot sweeps up and kicks Thor in the ribs, slamming him sideways into a tree. The dog hits the ground. The Werewolf kicks its half-canine, half-human leg up int Thor's jaw, smashing him against another tree and bouncin him off the ground.
68) 0) text: With a howl of agony, the Werewolf slams its sensitive ey shut from the piercing glare of the floodlights. The monster recoils from the sudden flood of light. Its f is bathed in the glare. Saliva smearg the creature's mout Startled by the house lights, the Werewolf drops Thor and dashes for the creek and the sheltering shadows of the forest. Thor shakes his head clear.
70) 0) text: Thor stands by the fence, BARKING and BARKING in warning. Harrison house lights are turning on. The back door opens and Mom steps out holding a flashlight, still half asleep
82) 0) text: Thor stands protectively by the door, on full alert. The watches the woods. PUSH IN ON his ears.
86) 0) text: Janet stands by the window with Thor. She looks up to see a POLICE HELICOPTER soar overhead, it searchlight beacon passing across the massive expanse of woods. She pats Thor.
88) 0) text: Thor sits by the kitchen door, staring, sentry-like out t window at the Airstream and the backyard in the morning light. He doesn't have to wait long. Through the window, he sees Uncle Ted step from the woods He walks hunched over, clutching his bloodied ankle with hand. Thor GROWLS quietly to himself. He watches Uncle Te with growing hostility as the man hops up the stairs to h trailer. The door closes. Thor lies down on the floor, knowing the "pack" is safe for awhile. 104 105 106 Rev:4/19/96 (p) 78.
90) 0) text: Janet comes down to the kitchen. Thor notices nervously that Mom is quietly keeping an eye him.
91) 0) text: — The CLICK of the LATCH on the trailer door snaps Thor to attention instantly. Uncle Ted steps onto the landing, fu dressed, his wound concealed. He looks at Thor and takes deliberate step towards him. Thor shows no animosity. Jan walks out the kitchen door, not smiling, sensing trouble.
92) 0) text: Janet hustles Thor through the kitchen to the cellar door
93) 0) text: Thor tumbles down a few steps before his feet find the stairs. The German Shepherd slinks to the darkest corner the cellar and lies on the dusty cement floor, staring straight ahead. ‘
93) 30) text: Thor blinks. Puts his head on his paws with a dismal WHIMPER. The poor dog lies in the darkened cellar. Quiet. Then...
93) 36) text: That's right, boy. Come on. Thor starts up the steps, his expression indescribably sa and ashamed. Mom is closer now, waving his hand quietly.
94) 0) text: POUND MAN #1 throws a choke chain around Thor's throat, attached to a long pole. POUND MAN #2 throws another chok chain over the dog's head. Thor regards the men in the wh uniforms in bewilderment, then in horrific realization. Thor throws a terrified glance at Janet, who regards him huge sadness.
95) 0) text: A large unmarked white van is parked at the curb, its bac doors open. Thor is pulled by the white uniformed men acr the patio towards the van. The dog WHIMPERS and WHINES miserably. Thor looks over his shoulder as the house recedes behind He sees Mom, and Brett. The little boy is crying.
97) 0) text: Uncle Ted walks alone to Thor's empty:doghouse. He stops looks around the empty yard to see nohody is watching. TH CAMERA PUSHES IN to a CLOSE UP of UNCLE TED, his eyes col with triumph. On the SOUNDTRACK, the SOUND of him URINATI _ On the ground... . - Marking his territory.
98) 0) text: Brett sits on the floor of his room, amid his monster mod kits. He stares at a framed photograph in his hands of he and Thor in the front yard. He dabs a tear. Absently he picks up the Wolfman model kit on his desk. And his gaze travels out the window to the backyard as Un Ted goes inside the Airstream.
111) 0) text: Long rows of industrial cages line the outside area behin the gate. The ugly glow of the security lamps reveal doze of pathetic, underfed, unloved dogs waiting to die in the cages. THE CAMERA TRACKS to one cage... Thor lies listlessly, head on his paws.
113) 0) text: The German Shepherd grabs Brett's jacket cuffs and helps out of the Pound. Thor waits just long enough for the kid get on his bike. Then he bolts hell for leather out into street. Brett cycles after him. Thor runs as fast as his paws will carry him. He is outpacing the boy on his bike he charges down the street in the direction of the house. The ALARM WAILS.
115) 0) text: The squad car hangs a TIRE SQUEALING TURN around the corn Thor bolts in front of the car. Sheriff Jenson hits the brakes. Just as Brett speed pedals past the car after Thor. The police car chases after the boy and the dog.
117) 0) text: Thor runs down the street with tremendous grace and speed passing car has to dodge out of his way with a HONK. Thor moves with single-minded purpose, racing for the house. TRA nro)
125) 0) text: The door splinters and the Werewolf comes toppling into t room and onto the floor. It quickly leaps to its feet and rises to its full height above Janet cowering on the bed. screams hysterically. The Werewolf steps towards her... Thor bounds into the room, leaping onto the Werewolf's ba his jaws snapping at the thing's neck. He bites a chunk o Blood sprays the ceiling. JANET .
125) 1) dialog: Janet stares in astonishment, clutching the gun. A German Shepherd is a big and powerfully dangerous anima and Thor shows it as he clings onto the Werewolf's back a rips his claws into the monster's body. The creature howl and hurls Thor off. Not for long. Thor dives with a SAVAG SNARL for the stunned Werewolf’s throat. The creature div fanamernren 148 +VOe
126) 0) text: The dog and the Werewolf go flying out the window in a raining debris of glass and wood. They fall two stories o the grass with a heavy thud. They lie nearby each other, stunned and wounded. Thor's eyes blink open. The Werewolf, covered with blood and torn fur, stumbles t its feet, licking its many wounds. The German Shepherd growls. And rises. The Werewolf hisses weakly. Spitting, it staggers away fr Thor across the back yard. It is retreating for the woods Thor, injured himself, limps after ite, The creature makes it to the creek, picking up speed. Thor charges with his remaining strength across his path, through the creek, and into the woods after the Werewolf.
128) 2) text: Thor stops. Lifts his head. Sniffs.
130) 0) text: Janet walks down the steps. Thor lies in the corner, bandaged. A steak, untouched, is in front of him. He apparently hasn't eaten for days, ahd his bones stick His manner is weak and listless, as if his will to live i gone. : Janet crouches down beside Thor. She tries to stroke the German Shepherd, but the dog shrinks away, like a leper.