32) 5) dialog: 
32) 11) dialog: Easy, Thor. It's just your old buddy Thor cocks his head. He regards Ted with a quizzical look then wholeheartedly licks the man's face.
32) 12) dialog: ‘At a boy. Mom and her kid pile out of the car. Janet and her brothe bear hug.
32) 13) dialog: How are ya, sis?
32) 15) dialog: Just for cutting my throat. He laughs. She rolls her eyes. He holds her gaze warmly. UNCLE TED ‘ Gosh, it's good to see you, Janet. You don't know how good.
32) 18) dialog: Brett, you've shot up like a weed. (CONTINUED 1)
32) 24) dialog: We'll see, we'll see. First, let's go inside and visit. He puts his arm around Brett. ‘ UNCLE TED I have quite a story to tell you, young man. When I was over Nepal a few months ago I had an actual encounter with a Saskwatch.
32) 26) dialog: It's like an Abominable Snowman, but worse.
32) 28) dialog: Scout's honor. I was camped down for the night when the ferocious beast attacked me and my crew. Didn't have any warning.
32) 30) dialog: Wrastled it.
32) 32) dialog: Got the battle scar to show for it. (Green) + ee OF
32) 33) text: Uncle Ted rolls down his collar to reveal a now-healed, b once horrific, mauling on his shoulder and neck. The kid gasps. Uncle Ted chuckles. Janet is shocked.
32) 37) dialog: See what a macho guy your uncle is, Brett?
32) 39) dialog: Truth is I did get attacked by some kind of animal while I was in my tent in Nepal. But I don't know what it was. I was asleep and I never knew what hit me. All things considered, I would have preferred a sharp stick in the eye. But don't worry about me. You guys both look great, Janet. Come on inside.
32) 47) dialog: Hey, Thor, the party's over here. Thor is busy romping around the area, sniffing all sorts strange animal scents.
32) 49) dialog: Janet.
34) 0) text: A kitchenette attached to a spare bedroom. Tidy and neat, with few things around. Color naturalist photographs cove the walls. Photographic equipment is scattered around. Color photographs are everywhere. Uncle Ted takes steaks from the fridge. Janet helps him carry out sodas, a salad and a coffee thermos. Brett plays with an unloaded rifle the bed. Janet regards the color photographs quizzicaly.
34) 2) dialog: I'm renting the house, Janet. I got a good deal on the Airstream, and...well... it seemed like the right thing for me how. I wanted some time by myself. Away from people. Think’things out. Janet watches her brother closely, emathetically.
34) 4) dialog: Yeah but mostly I want to hear about you, and how your move from Chicago is going. Uncle Ted winks at Brett.
34) 5) dialog: You stay outta trouble while your Mom and me get the barbecue goin'. Chow's in fifteen minutes.
34) 7) dialog: Good deal. How you like your steak?
34) 9) dialog: Child after my own heart. (CONTINUED)
35) 1) dialog: How's the new firm working working out. Janeway and Samuels, right?
35) 5) dialog: And his Dad he's keepin' in good touch with Brett? Last you told me he was over Germany workin' on the novel. Janet noticies an anxious edge to Ted's usual warm and cl rapport with her.
35) 6) dialog: Sorry. You said that here it's safe and peaceful and... Uncle Ted walks over to Janet and takes her by the should warmly. *
35) 7) dialog: You know, I'm really proud of ya, sis. I * gotta take my hat off to you the way you * keep it together. You're a full time Mom * (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
35) 8) text: Rev. 19/04/96 (Yellow) 28a. 39A CONTINUED: oe 39A UNCLE TED (cont'd) to Brett, and still manage working at the firm full-time. (CONTINUED)
35) 12) dialog: Things haven't gone all that great since I got back from Nepal, sis. Marjorie's gone.
35) 18) dialog: She's gone. (CONTINUED )
35) 21) dialog: It's over. (CONTINUED )
35) 25) dialog: I haven't made up my mind yet. I havea lot of things going on in my life now that I have to work out by myself out here and--
35) 27) dialog: I don't know what I need. Actually, I do know what I need. Only I don't have the guts to do it. JANET . Ted, you need to put your life back together. You shouldn't be out here living all alone in a trailer. You could stay with us. It's not healthy for you to be by yourself-- Uncle Ted faces Janet firmly.
35) 28) dialog: Janet. There are things you don't know about...There are things going on in my life I...I just can't talk about right now. I'm sorry. But I just can't say any more than that. Not now. Okay? Janet backs off. (CONTINUED )
38) 8) dialog: Hey, boy. Thor looks around.
38) 9) dialog: C'mere, boy. Thor is distracted, concerned. He ignores Uncle Ted for t moment and hunts around. He WHIMPERS in concern. Thor pee around and sees Brett playing happily with some exotic ro artifacts on the floor of the Airstream. The German Sheph seems to relax now he has located the child. He sits on h haunches on the doorway, where he can keep one eye on the kid, one eye on Uncle Ted. . The adults chuckle. .
38) 11) dialog: C'mon, Thor. Say hi to your old Uncle. Thor hesitates. JANET i Thor, mind your manners. Come here, boy. (CONTINUED )
38) 16) dialog: We're two of a kind, ain't we, pal? Ted regards Thor with a strange uncomfortable kinship. Th moves away from the uncle, and heads protectively back to boy, keeping an eye both on Uncle Ted and on the child.
39) 0) text: Gathering dusk settles on the lake, the forest and the si bullet of an Airstream. Janet, Brett, and Uncle Ted finis their dinner outside by the barbecue.
40) 4) dialog: You better head out if you're going to get the[]kid back by bedtime. You got a long drive ahead. I'd invite you to stay, but this place is a mess, and I don't think you'd find it too comfortable. Janet looks her brother in the eye. (CONTINUED )
40) 8) dialog: I didn't realize how late it w--C'mon, I'll walk you to the car. Janet, very worried about her brother, crosses her arms a stands her ground.
40) 10) dialog: You don't need to worry. C'mon-- JANET . Just say yes. . Ted.sees he's not getting her out of there. He looks at h watch urgently.
40) 11) dialog: Yes. He starts to shepherd her and Brett towards the car. Thor watches cautiously. Janet doesn't budge. JANET i So you're coming with us?
40) 12) dialog: No, but I'll come by soon.
40) 14) dialog: I'll give you a call.
40) 18) dialog: This week. She eyes him.
44) 6) dialog: Sis. . JANET V.0. Hi. You okay?
44) 7) dialog: Yeah, you know, it was really great having you up here, and it really picked up my spirits a lot...Family, sis, it's everything. Everything. I just wanted to tell you how much I appreciated you guys trip up here and...and...Family. It's all we got, y'know. He wipes his lips.
46) 0) text: Uncle Ted cracks a sickening, nihilistic smile.
46) 1) dialog: Problem up here? No problems at all.
48) 0) text: Uncle Ted draws the shutters and lightg a cigarette. He i close to tears of desperation. UNCLE TED ‘ When you came up here, like I said, it really picked up my spirits. ; And I reckon that mebbe you're right. Mebbe what I need right now is family. Kin. Some good 'ol familial bonding. Might be just what I need. So if it isn't an imposition, mebbe I could come stay with you a few days. . Uncle Ted picks a piece of something from his teeth.
51) 0) text: Uncle Ted cracks a beer and hands one to Janet. He lifts bottle with a satisfied sigh.
51) 1) dialog: Here's to family. JANET “ And you being right next door to me, like when we were kids. “They toast. And exchange happy, fraternal smiles. UNCLE TED ; It's just perfect. It's so good to be outta the woods, all the memories. Change of scenery'1l do me wonders. Thor pads right beside Uncle Ted. Keeping an eye on him.
51) 3) dialog: Yeah. And it's really annoying. Always has been. Sister and brother face each other in warm familial affection.
51) 5) dialog: Me too. (CONTINUED)
51) 10) dialog: Hey, Thor, get outta there! Too late. Mom has seen the handcuffs. She bursts out in uncontrollable chuckles.
51) 12) dialog: It's not what you think. . His sister scrutinizes them. She reads the engraving on t side with’a mischievous grin.- “
51) 14) dialog: Don't knock it until you've tried it. Janet rolls her eyes. i
51) 16) dialog: Sis, if it's all the same to you, what I'd really like to do is throw on ny sweats and go for a run. Just kind of keep a low profile tonight. That okay?
51) 21) dialog: Thanks, sis. Janet takes Thor, and they leave the Airstream. Uncle Ted is alone. He fingers the handcuffs. 63 EXT. HARRISON HOUSE ~- DUSK . tye Bloody streaks of twilight shoot acros& the big sky. Shad lengthen from the pine forest behind the tract house. The sun goes down.
56) 0) text: The German Shepherd puts his nose to the trail, sniffing. slows to a trot, picking up Uncle Ted's scent. The woods are dark, much darker than the yard. The moon is low in t sky and very little moonlight penetrates the tall, dense trees. Thor stops. Lifts his head. Perks his ears.
57) 0) text: The branches part... And Thor is face to face with A WEREWOLF. It is handcuffed to a big tree. Though it is manlike in size and build, it is hideously unnatural. The Werewolf's face and body are completely covered with thick patches of black pubic-like hair. Cove with fur, it stands upright, on its hind legs, with its f legs wrapped around the tree trunk, held together by Uncl Ted's handcuffs. It wears Uncle Ted's sweatpants and the ragged remains of his sweatshirt, and a small metal objec dangles from a chain around its neck. The key to the handcuffs. Its face distends in a wolf-like snout. Two -grotesquely long fangs protrude from its exposed gums. I fangs are sharp and very dangerous-looking. It has been trying to cut through the tree trunk with them, and has gnawed a big hunk out of the tree before giving up on the idea. The Werewolf hasn't seen Thor yet. The German Shepherd backs slowly, silently, into the surrounding bushes, then edges in for a closer look. The Werewolf is chained to the lone tree in the clearing, the moon, now high in the sky, beams down on it like a spotlight. The creature's attention is torn between the moon and the handcuffs that bind it. It struggles awhile, tires, then gazes upward. It glowers at the moon, its fac picture of hate. The only sound that comes from the Werewolf is the same constant LOW GROWL Thor had heard in distance. The German Shepherd watches the creature with a mixture o apprehension and befuddlement. Thor sniffs the ground and locates one of Uncle Ted's sneakers. He sniffs it, looks the Werewolf, and a WHINE of confusion escapes his throat The Werewolf hears him and snaps his head around to see t interloper. At the sight of Thor, the Werewolf flies into a mad rage. Thor tenses and bares his teeth, ready to fight, but the handcuffs restraining the creature hold. The Werewolf can famamesnron + 69
60) 0) text: The sky above the woods and the tract house turns bright. INT. KITCHEN - HARRISON HOUSE - DAWN” 73 Thor sits-by the door. 7 His ears perk. He looks out the window to spot Uncle Ted staggering out the forest, wearing only his running pants. He carries th handcuffs in his fist. Seeing the coast is clear, he hurr across the lawn. As he reaches the Airstream, he turns to gee Thor watching him through the kitchen window. They lock eyes. And Uncle Ted slips into his trailer, locking the door. The dog watches, baffled. Mom's footsteps behind him.
60) 28) dialog: Thor tenses. Mom pats his head, then Looks at the Airstre The trailer door unlocks. Thor's ears perk. Uncle Ted steps out onto the landing, looking like hell. Looking like, well, a Bad Dog. Ted sniffs the air, displeased. He looks at the tire of his trailer that Thor peed on. He looks down at Thor.
60) 29) dialog: Hi, Thor. Thor eyes him, cautious, confused, alert. Janet beams up her brother. He comes down the steps, mindful of Thor, wh simply watches him precautiously on the grass. Janet walks up warmly to her brother and ruffles his unke hair. (CONTINUED )
60) 35) dialog: Mornin', sis. Janet gets serious.
60) 39) dialog: I guess.
60) 44) dialog: Great. Janet heads back to the kitchen. Uncle Ted watches her go looking like forty miles of bad road. He looks down. Thor is right at his side, sniffing him.
60) 45) dialog: Hi, boy. He leans down and pats Thor's head. Thor issues a low GROWL. .
60) 46) text: Uncle Ted cautiously removes his hand, with a slow grin. “ UNCLE TED : In good time, boy, in good time. Janet stands in the doorway. Uncle Ted and seems anxious about whether she noticed the interchange between him and dog. Thor just watches him coldly as Uncle Ted heads for kitchen. Thor follows him into-- INT. KITCHEN - HARRISON HOUSE - DAY ‘ Janet cooks. Uncle Ted sits down. Thor takes a protective position between them. Brett is watching "Werewolf of London" on the VCR. Uncle Ted casts a jaundiced eye at th television showing Henry Hull as he stares nervously at t full moon hovering in the sky. He stares in horror at the bad special effects on his hand, growing hairy. Uncle Ted guffaws.
60) 48) dialog: Sorry, Brett, it's the full moon part. In the movies, the guy only turns into a Werewolf when there's a full moon.
60) 53) dialog: But why only when there's a full moon? Why not any moon?
60) 55) dialog: I bet if you blew one's head off with a shotgun, that would do quite nicely.
60) 59) dialog: There you go. He ruffles the boy's hair. Smiles at Janet. Thor watches him closely.
60) 65) dialog: So what-all happened last night?
60) 68) dialog: So...what did he find?
60) 70) dialog: So what do you think it was all about?
60) 72) dialog: Well, I don't know, sis. Big predators can travel awfully long distances if their habitat runs dry. Just because the woods here haven't had anything dangerous recently doesn't mean they'll always be safe. If I were you, I wouldn't let the boy play out there for awhile until--
60) 76) dialog: I don't know. There aren't supposed to be any wolves where I live, and look what happened to those people. Janet looks up.
60) 78) dialog: Wolves, bears, it's the same difference. I just think you should be more cautious, and take the dog more seriously. And don't let him go out there either. . JANET i Ted, don't you think you're overdoing it a little? Thor isn't exactly, helpless, you know.
60) 79) dialog: How big is he in pounds?
60) 81) dialog: You know how big grey wolves get? Up to two hundred!
60) 83) dialog: Oh, Janet. I shouldn't be here. I really should not be...anywhere near here.
60) 90) dialog: I have to go. Janet gets up and tentatively puts a hand on Uncle Ted's to massage the muscles between his shoulders. Uncle Ted doesn't respond. She leans against his back and runs her hands down his arms to take hold of his wrists. He flinches and gasps. She immediately lets go.
60) 96) dialog: I didn't cut my wrists. Uncle Ted cracks a nihilistic grin.
60) 97) dialog: Believe me when I tell you you wouldn't believe me if I told you. Janet stares through her brother's head. She touches her brother's shoulder and massages it in sisterly fashion.
60) 99) dialog: I'll try. They hug again. i Uncle Ted shoots Thor a spooky glance. FREEZE FRAME on th man's eye... 75 Rev: 4/19/96 (p).
62) 0) text: The sky is darkening fast. The dog walks to the foot of the Airstream. Sees Uncle Te silhouette behind the drapes. Thor sits on the grass and waits as the sky darkens over the pines. Ted opens the door and steps out on the landing in his br new sweatsuit. He takes one step, sees Thor, and stops short. A worried look on his face, he goes back inside th Airstream and closes the door. A beat. . Uncle Ted pulls a drape away from the window. Sees Thor still on the grass. Closes the drape. Thor makes himself comfortable on the grass. Uncle Ted looks out the window again. :
62) 1) text: Finally, he comes out on the landing. He stands looking d at Thor for a moment, then looks over his shoulder at the blackening eastern horizon. With a look of resignation on his face, he tentatively starts down the stairs, pausing briefly on each step to gauge Thor's réaction. Thor sits in place, watching him. Uncle Ted sets foot on the pavement, less than three feet from Thor, who sits motionless the whole time. Slightly emboldened and growing more desperate by the sec Uncle Ted cautiously begins walking towards the woods. Th immediately gets up and follows him, maintaining a consta distance of about ten feet between them. s Uncle Ted turns on the German Shepherd angrily with his held out straight, pointing towards the house.
62) 2) dialog: Piss off! Thor ignores him. ~ Uncle Ted is beginning to look as nervous as a cornered OZ. animal. He steps towards Thor and slowly, tentatively, (CONTINUED )
62) 5) dialog: Hey, sis! Would ya take the dog in? I'm goin' for a run. He takes a nervous step towards the house. Thor blocks his way and quietly snarls at him. No way is going into the house. Rubbing his chin nervously, Uncle Ted heads back towards Airstream. Thor follows him to the Airstream steps and le Uncle Ted go back inside himself.
63) 0) text: Mom closes the kitchen door. Behind her back, through the window, Uncle Ted runs for the woods as if the Devil hims were on his tail. Janet doesn't see him. She kneels down by Thor. \e Ss f it Lf (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: PUSH IN on Janet's face as she flips forwards to the last entry. UNCLE TED V.0. "January 10th, 1996. I have tried all medical solutions, to no effect. There is no known cure in medicine. But maybe...just maybe...there is hope for me. Janet and Brett came up to the house today. To see her again did my heart good. It rejuvenated me. I felt normal, human again. She has invited me to stay with her, and perhaps if I spend time with her, with my family, this disease will go into remission. Medicine will not stave off this disease. But perhaps love, the restorative power of love, family love...will save me. It is my last chance." Janet puts down the journal. (CONTINUED )
88) 0) text: Thor sits by the kitchen door, staring, sentry-like out t window at the Airstream and the backyard in the morning light. He doesn't have to wait long. Through the window, he sees Uncle Ted step from the woods He walks hunched over, clutching his bloodied ankle with hand. Thor GROWLS quietly to himself. He watches Uncle Te with growing hostility as the man hops up the stairs to h trailer. The door closes. Thor lies down on the floor, knowing the "pack" is safe for awhile. 104 105 106 Rev:4/19/96 (p) 78.
91) 0) text: — The CLICK of the LATCH on the trailer door snaps Thor to attention instantly. Uncle Ted steps onto the landing, fu dressed, his wound concealed. He looks at Thor and takes deliberate step towards him. Thor shows no animosity. Jan walks out the kitchen door, not smiling, sensing trouble.
91) 2) dialog: Good morning. Uncle Ted continues forwards, trying not to be too obviou about watching Thor. Janet comes up quietly behind Thor a reaches down to pet him. Uncle Ted steps onto the cement walk.
91) 6) dialog: Then I walked. *
91) 11) dialog: No kidding. Janet stares evenly at her brother.
91) 14) dialog: Get him away from me! Thor lunges at him with jaws open and fangs bared. Janet holds onto the choker desperately with both hands. The collar closes around Thor's neck and he gags horribly, hi teeth snapping uselessly on air.
93) 15) dialog: 
93) 27) dialog: 
93) 28) dialog: 
93) 29) dialog: 
97) 0) text: Uncle Ted walks alone to Thor's empty:doghouse. He stops looks around the empty yard to see nohody is watching. TH CAMERA PUSHES IN to a CLOSE UP of UNCLE TED, his eyes col with triumph. On the SOUNDTRACK, the SOUND of him URINATI _ On the ground... . - Marking his territory.
101) 0) text: The family is finishing dinner. A tense silence hangs ove the table. Uncle Ted has his arm bandaged. Janet looks at him evenly, keeping a discreet but cool eye on him. She edgily gets up and clears the dishes.
101) 1) dialog: It's probably genetic. It happens with German Shepherds sometimes. The way they're bred. Brett, who has remained cold and expressionless, shoots h Uncle an icy glance. . BRETT ‘ Thor's pedigreed. It doesn't happen with pedigreeds. : Janet shoots Brett a glance. He shuts up, but his mind is working behind his eyes. Uncle Ted looks uncomfortably around at the obviously despondent child. He looks more uncomfortably out the window at the gathering dusk. JANET ; You'll need to see a doctor.
101) 2) dialog: No, I won't. It's just a flesh wound. No veins or tendons cut. Nothing I can't handle.
101) 4) dialog: I'll give myself a tetanus shot. You think I can go into an Amazon rain forest for six months with a first-aid kit? B89. REV .45/ 04/90 (GULuEuL UU) He pauses, ruefully.
101) 5) dialog: Besides, I don't like doctors. Janet finds her brother's tone most disturbing.
101) 7) text: Come here. ‘ The boy looks up. Uncle Ted gestures with his hand.
101) 8) dialog: Sit on my lap. Brett hesitates. Then he sulkily goes over and sits on hi the man's lap. Uncle Ted smiles and strokes the boy's hai He speaks softly, something strange and spooky behind his eyes.
101) 9) dialog: There'll be other animals in your life. Brett looks up and locks eyes with Uncle Ted. Janet's hand removes Ted's hand from her boy's head. She lifts him off her brother's lap.
101) 13) dialog: Well, I think I'm going to turn in, too. Janet stands at the sink, her back to him.
101) 15) dialog: Yeah, Janet?
101) 17) dialog: Yes. .
101) 19) dialog: ~_" Seattle. Janet shuts her eyes, grimly. Uncle Ted goes out the door. Janet watches him through th kitchen window as he heads for the garage, and goes insid Never taking her eyes off the garage, she switches off th kitchen lights. Janet takes a seat at the table, sitting the dark. Watching the garage.
103) 0) text: Janet sits alone at the kitchen table. The lights are off She sips a cup of coffee, watching the Airstream through window. Her eyes are alert and precautious as she keeps a — lookout on the silhouette of Uncle Ted moving behind th trailer window. Janet hears the lock turn...And she tight (CONTINUED )
106) 0) text: Uncle Ted closes the trailer door behind him. He stares u at the moon in the clear, starry sky with crawling dread. Perspiration glistens on his forehead. The handcuffs CLIN in his pocket. He looks nervously around the yard, up at the house. He doesn't see Janet watching him through the darkened kitchen window. Uncle Ted hurries off over the creek into the heavy woods.
109) 0) text: The thick rows of pines in the hovering mist. The dull glimmer of a flashlight against the ground. Janet steals quietly through the undergrowth, searching the shadowy tr trunks of the forest for Uncle Ted. Janet hears a RUSTLING. She brushes aside some branches. Revi4/L/syo (DO)
109) 2) dialog: Ahhhh, company! Company! Just what I came here to GET AWAY FROM! Who is it-- sis? Is that you? Janet steps forwards and shines the light in her own face
109) 4) dialog: Well, you've caught me at an awkward moment. I was just about to... GROWL.
109) 5) dialog: About to...RESTRAIN myself. Uncle Ted looks down at the handcuffs he is holding and slowly shakes his head. He dangles the handcuffs from his : fingers.
109) 6) dialog: But now that you're here, that might be...somewhat pointless.
109) 12) dialog: I thought family love would save me. I was wrong. He shrugs ironically.
109) 13) dialog: But hey, we all make mistakes. You sent Thor to the pound. Janet shines the flashlight in her brother's darkening fa
109) 14) dialog: I warned you, Janet. I told youl. shouldn't be here. I told you I should leave. But you wouldn't let me. You had to play big sister. You just had to be right. You always have to be right. This time you were WRONG. You should have listened to the dog, sis. He was tryin' to protect you. '
109) 18) dialog: I'm talking about... Ted loses his train of thought. Thinks hard.
109) 19) dialog: I'm talking about... His bloodshot eyes beam. He remembers.
109) 20) dialog: LUST! Yes, yes, LUST, THAT'S what I'm talking about! "The Moon is a harsh mistress." Ever heard that before, sis? .
109) 22) dialog: Well, you don't know THE HALF OF IT! You don't know what a harsh mistress is! You CAN'T KNOW, because YOU DON'T KNOW LUST! I know lust, Janet! I know the lust of the moon, and what it does, and what it demands! And I SERVE those lusts! I am the moon's servant! I'm her indentured servant, sis! Get it? InDENTured servant! Uncle Ted laughs horribly. Janet watches in horrible fascination as the schizophrenic man seems to go through kind of inner struggle. Becomes suddenly penitent.
109) 23) dialog: I feel sorry afterward, you know, when the moon is gone and the sun is out...I really do, sis, and it's important to me that you believe that...But when the moon calls, as She's calling now, I ANSWER!
109) 30) dialog: Handcuffs... He holds the handcuffs up in the moonlight.
109) 31) dialog: I was going to use these--on MYSELF! Can you believe that? Uncle Ted's face reflects another inner struggle. His who body convulses suddenly, like he is about to throw up. Th he straightens up and smiles horribly.
109) 32) dialog: But not now. They were supposed to keep people from finding out about my...private affair with my mistress. But you already KNOW, don't you?
109) 34) dialog: Yes, you do. Handcuffs won' t keep my little secret anymore. Janet keeps her distance, transfixed to the spot.
109) 35) dialog: Come closer, sis. Take a good look at my secret. You've come this far, come a little closer. Janet stays put.
109) 36) dialog: What's 'a matter? You don't wanna know my little secret after all? Got cold feet, you stupid bitch? His speech is deteriorating with every sentence. Uncle Te looks at the handcuffs in his hairy hands one last time, snorts, and tosses them contemptuously over his shoulder.
109) 37) dialog: Handcuffs? WE DON' NEED NO STINKING
109) 41) dialog: Oh, don' go 'way, sis. Things are just zw. She takes a gettin' started. Look! Moon's not even up alla way yet! Janet glances over his shoulder. The moon is three quarters over the pines.
109) 43) dialog: That's just for starters. The moon rises full into the sky. (CONTINUED)
109) 46) dialog: 
127) 0) text: The mortally wounded Werewolf staggers aimlessly past the trees...Its dog-like haunches begin to transform back to human legs...Its extended spine beginsito return to human proportions...Its matted hair retracts into its skin...Th wolf-like snout reforms into a human jaw.. Soon it is only the mauled, bullet-ridden Uncle Ted stumb through the woods.
128) 8) dialog: Guess I've been a Bad Dog, huh? Uncle Ted locks eyes with Thor. i
128) 9) dialog: Do it. Thor goes for his throat.