60) 4) dialog: You're lucky to fly with Best.
60) 6) dialog: What? Too much excitement for you?
65) 4) dialog: Ain't they paying us to kill Japs? Before Dickinson can reply, a breathless ENSIGN runs up t the group. He points at Bruno.
66) 0) text: The ensign enters, Bruno warily trailing behind him. Hals turns away from a chart and locks on Bruno.
66) 2) dialog: Bruno Gaido, sir. Aviation Machinist's Mate Third Class.
90) 5) dialog: I'll go with him. Everyone stares at Bruno; to the other radiomen this seem like madness. But Bruno just shrugs.
90) 6) dialog: He shouldn't fly alone.
92) 0) text: Willie clutches the stick in a death grip, eyes locked on the carrier's deck. Bruno growls from the back seat.
92) 1) dialog: Breathe, goddammit. The words help; Willie slightly relaxes his grip.
151) 0) text: As Best revs his engine to prepare for takeoff, the radio of the plane in front of him catches his eye: Bruno Gaido He raises his arms, hands clasped in a victory Saluté, as his SBD accelerates down the deck. Best smiles and then flips his intercom.
181) 0) text: Bruno Gaido swings his .30 cal back and forth, hammering bullets at a Zero on his tail. The enemy fighter drops ou of range and Bruno pans the sky for another target. LT. O'FLAHERTY (his pilot) speaks in his headset.
181) 2) dialog: We've been hit. Left wing. And that's when the engine conks out. As Bruno registers unsettling silence, aherty shouts from the front seat.
181) 4) dialog: Guess we're going to have to float back to Pearl. 101.
182) 0) text: They're speeding just twenty feet above the water. McClus weaves back and forth between a pair of Zeroes, trying to keep them from getting a clean shot. The radioman glances at Bruno's floating SBD in the dista
190) 0) text: Bruno and O'Flaherty bob in their small raft. Bruno shiel his eyes against the sun as he stares at an approaching s
190) 1) dialog: It's a destroyer.
190) 3) dialog: It's the Japs. And I don't think they're gunna be in a very good mood after what we did to their ships.
191) 0) text: Bruno and O'Flaherty stand against the rear rail, surroun by Japanese sailors. Their hands are bound and five-gallo drums of gasoline are lashed to their feet. A young Japanese LIEUTENANT speaks in broken English.
191) 2) dialog: Shangri-La. 105. Bruno says it with a straight face. The lieutenant turns his captain, and they have a short and intense exchange i Japanese. The lieutenant turns back to the Americans.
191) 4) dialog: Cigarette. The lieutenant turns to the sailor and speaks in Japanese An instant later the lit cigarette is stuck between Bruno lips. He takes a deep drag, eyes locked on the captain.
191) 5) dialog: You know, I had a lot of friends at Pearl Harbor. Bruno exhales, smoke blowing in the wind.
191) 6) dialog: So how about you go fuck yourself. The captain doesn't wait for the translation -- he hears everything he needs to know in Bruno's tone. He snaps his fingers at his men. Bruno doesn't try to struggle. He just stares down the ca as they lift him over the rail and dump him into the Paci a portrait in courage to the end. When he's gone, the lieutenant turns to O'Flaherty.