3) 0) text: The stiff ocean breeze almost knocks us sideways as the v teak deck pitches up and down in the steady rollers of th Pacific. We're aboard... 5. ...the aircraft carrier USS ENTERPRISE. Mankind's latest greatest superweapon. It's been barely three decades since the Wright Brothers went aloft in their glorified kite, and now this ship -- 20,000 tons of American steel -- can attack a target with warplanes, escape at 30 knots, and hit a new target the n afternoon a thousand miles away. At least that's the theory. It has never been tested. SUPER: "FOUR YEARS LATER. 175 MILES WEST OF PEARL HARBOR. The relentless GROWL is coming from four Douglas SBD Daun dive bombers, which are warming up their engines. The SBD are built for war with snub wings and a sturdy airframe. We PUSH past the planes until we reach a lone figure star out at the ocean. DICK BEST, 31, wears the leather bomber jacket of a pilot and oozes from every pore with what Tom Wolfe will someday call "the right stuff." He might be th top pilot in the whole damn Navy -- and he knows it. Best remains locked on the ocean as another pilot strides behind him. CLARENCE DICKINSON, 29, is the Goose to Best' Maverick. He's lanky with a northern Florida drawl. Best speaks without looking at Dickinson.
233) 0) text: Autumn leaves swirl on the main quad. A crowd has gathere on the lawn between the beautiful chapel and the imposing facade of Bancroft Hall. SUPER: "Dick Best spent three years after Midway in a Nav Hospital and never flew again. He eventually became direc of security for the Rand Corporation." As we draw closer to the crowd, we find hundreds of Midsh and civilians sitting in neat rows of chairs. They're fac a brand-new stone monument honoring the Battle of Midway.
233) 4) dialog: I guess it's my job to speak for the guys who can't be here. We lost a lot of good men that day, and a lot more since. But I'm glad to know that we're remembered. (beat ) People often ask me about Midway. How I could fly against those odds, knowing that I probably wasn't going to come back. Best stares out at this new generation of Naval officers, determined to pass along the one lesson he truly learned.
233) 5) dialog: Those men were my brothers. I would have flown with them straight into Hell. We take one final look at this remarkable man, the faint growl of a distant engine in our ear, and then...