35) 0) text: The brick and stone building looks as if it should be in London. Yamamoto emerges from his staff car, now resplend in his dress uniform. REAR ADMIRAL TAMON YAMAGUCHI, 49, a fiery and brilliant r star in the Imperial Navy, strides up to meet him. Yamamo is Tamon's mentor, and the two men share an understanding American culture -- Tamon studied at Princeton. But Tamon retains the bluntness of a soldier.
35) 2) dialog: I told Nagumo that we needed to destroy the fuel tanks. But he refused to launch a third strike.
35) 4) dialog: When are you going to remove Nagumo from command?
35) 6) dialog: Someday that old fool will make an even bigger mistake. Yamamoto flicks his head at the General Headquarters.
35) 8) dialog: I'm not Nagumo. You don't have to instruct me in the obvious.
36) 0) text: Two long tables face each other in the imposing room. Nav officers, marked by their blue uniforms, line one side. A officers, wearing brown, are on the other. PRIME MINISTER TOJO sits at a dais between them, wearing brown of the Army. His cold eyes are locked on Yamamoto, sits at the end of the naval table next to Tamon. 27.
37) 0) text: Yamamoto and Tamon ride in the back of a large sedan. Tam shakes his head, simmering.
37) 1) dialog: The Army got us into this war, and now they expect us to just ferry them around? Yamamoto shrugs, resigned to the situation.
37) 3) dialog: Midway. Yamamoto nods. The word hangs in the air as he stares out the window, once again lost in thought.
87) 0) text: Tamon steps aboard the ship, ignoring the salutes froma line of midshipmen. Men are still welding on the deck -- Yamato is a month away from being declared operational.
88) 0) text: Tamon marches down a long corridor and then stops in fron of a watertight door marked with an admiral's crest. He t a breath before he knocks and enters -- 55.
89) 2) dialog: You must come out of your cabin. It's bad for morale. Yamamoto slowly turns his head. His eyes are hollow.
89) 4) dialog: It was a handful of bombers.
89) 6) dialog: I came from Tokyo. Everyone now agrees that you were right about the American carriers. They must be destroyed. Yamamoto stares at Tamon, a spark lighting in his eyes.
89) 8) dialog: Tojo says we must finish our operation in the Coral Sea. But then we can turn our attention to Midway. Yamamoto unfolds his legs and stands.
100) 8) dialog: But what will you do if you are wrong? If the Americans have the advantage of surprise? Nagumo gives Tamon an imperious look, displeased with the challenge from a subordinate. GENDA MINORU, 37, the cocky young officer responsible for air operations in the fleet responds on his behalf with a dismissive wave.
101) 0) text: Tamon stands near the sharp prow of the mighty warship, staring out at the vast fleet. It's a remarkable collecti of military might, yet Tamon's brow is furrowed. Yamamoto approaches. After a long moment -- 62.
101) 2) dialog: I never liked Kabuki theater. And it worries me that Nagumo can't even win a war game without cheating.
127) 0) text: The fleet is blacked out for security. Tamon stares out a the ghostly outlines of the nearby ships, lost in thought 77. A door opens behind him, briefly spilling the sound of a raucous party. Tamon remains motionless as Nagumo lurches over to him, drunk. Nagumo gives him a disdainful look.
127) 3) dialog: It's bad luck to celebrate before a battle. Tamon turns on his heel and strides away, leaving Nagumo alone in the darkness.
128) 0) text: A hungover crew of enlisted seamen hose vomit out of the ship's scuppers. They pause to glance through the mist at -- four enormous Japanese carriers heading out to sea, followed by a slew of escorts: battleships and cruisers a destroyers. It's an overwhelming display of force. A long figure stands on the bridge of the last carrier, Hiryu. It's Tamon. He has strapped his katana sword to hi sash like a Samurai headed into battle.
141) 0) text: Tamon stands at the window in the cramped space, staring through mounted spotting binoculars. Henderson's entire squadron is coming straight for his ship. CAPTAIN KAKU TOMEO, 48, peers over Tamon's shoulder. Kaku a burly man with a narrow mustache over his scowling mout
141) 2) dialog: They're glide bombing. Which means they're amateurs. Tamon lowers his binoculars and looks at the helmsman.
141) 3) dialog: Prepare for evasive action. Even amateurs can get lucky.
144) 0) text: Men take cover as a wall of water hammers into the window of the bridge. The ship lurches. And then... Silence. Just the dim hum of the carrier's engines. As th other man gather themselves, they realize that Tamon is s standing watch at the window. He points to the south.
144) 1) dialog: Look. We follow his finger and SMASH ZOOM toward a smoke trail the sky. It's a B-26 flaming from its left wing. The plan is in a shallow dive, headed straight for the central isl of the Akagi. Muzzles flash as Japanese gunners desperately unload with everything in their arsenal. The officers on the bridge s up at the bomber, mouths agape in astonishment, until -- WHOOSH! The plane's wing explodes and it veers hard to th right -- missing the bridge by mere yards -- before smash into the sea. But we stay with...
149) 0) text: Tamon stares through binoculars at a flashing signal ligh from Akagi. He shakes his head, face contorted in frustra
149) 1) dialog: We should launch our reserve force now. But the old fool wants to wait. Everyone on the bridge avoids Tamon's dark gaze -- except Kaku, who tries to play the peacemaker. 88.
149) 3) dialog: I know the doctrine. But an admiral is supposed to lead, not follow. A WARNING BUZZER sounds through the bridge.
149) 5) dialog: An American submarine right in the middle of our fleet. Like a cat in the henhouse. Tamon watches the giant waterspouts from the depth charge and then turns to the signalman.
149) 6) dialog: Order a destroyer to stay and pin it down. They can catch up once the rest of the fleet is safely out of range.
152) 0) text: LIEUTENANT TOMONAGA, 32, climbs out of his B5N bomber. He notices Tamon striding toward the plane and snaps to atte
152) 1) dialog: We've spotted enemy ships. Re-arm with torpedoes as quickly as possible. A SHOUT from a lookout interrupts the conversation.
152) 5) dialog: Maybe not. But these constant attacks -- inept as they might be -- are keeping us on the defensive.
164) 0) text: Tamon watches as Lindsey's TBD is ripped apart by the explosion. As the fragments fall into the sea --
164) 1) dialog: Brave men. We are fortunate they have such bad planes. Tamon turns his attention to a white streak bubbling towa the stern of the carrier.
164) 2) dialog: Right full rudder. The helmsman obeys his command and Hiryu pivots, the torp passing harmlessly through the wake. Tamon, meanwhile, raises his binoculars. A pack of Zeroes circles low off the ocean, searching in vain for more tor bombers to attack. A second pack is still taking a run at Thatch and his wingmen. Tamon grunts, frustrated. 95.
164) 3) dialog: Our fighters need to stop glory hunting. They're all too low. (beat ) This last attack was also carrier-based aircraft. Which means we are facing the exact situation that Nagumo declared impossible during our war games. This revelation sends a chill through the room. Tamon tur to the signal officer.
164) 4) dialog: The time for diplomacy is over. Signal the flagship.
174) 2) dialog: Calm yourself. You're an officer. But Tamon can't contain his own wince as he sees the firs pair of bombs hit Akagi. Steam immediately rises from the aft elevator as the ship's turbines are breached. She's d in the water -- and another dozen planes are descending. Tamon grunts to himself and then hurries out onto --
175) 2) dialog: Unless they hit.
192) 0) text: Tamon stands in the center of a circle of grim-faced pilo Their planes are spotted for launch on the deck behind hi
192) 1) dialog: We are facing three American carriers. You are the last intact aircraft unit in the fleet, so the fate of Japan rests on your skill. The Emperor expects you to do your duty. The men nod -- the moment is too serious for cheering -- then start for their planes.
201) 0) text: Everyone on the bridge watches intently as Tamon reads th message. He finally looks up.
201) 1) dialog: Yamamoto is ordering us to charge. Like samurai trying to save our honor. It's clear from Tamon's face that he thinks the plan is foolish, but an order is an order -- especially from Yama He crumples the message. 112.
201) 2) dialog: So it shall be.
204) 0) text: Tamon stares up at the dive bombers as they fall from the sky. He focuses on the plane streaking straight for the c of his deck. The pilot is silhouetted by the setting sun.
207) 0) text: Tamon stand rooted in place, staring in shock at the burn hole in the center of his flight deck. He glances up just as the next squadron of SBDs begins th runs and watches, eerily detached, as one bomb heads stra for the central elevator. But an instant before it detona Kaku grabs him and pulls him back inside the bridge.
207) 2) dialog: Every man on damage control. We must save this ship.
217) 0) text: A cruiser and two destroyers circle the listing carrier, spraying water onto the fires that have breached her deck Tamon stands near the rear elevator. He stares down into darkness of the hangar, head shaking.
217) 1) dialog: Without power we can't stop the fires.
217) 3) dialog: Of course. But I won't sacrifice them if the battle is already lost. The signal officer runs up to them and salutes Tamon.
217) 5) dialog: Gather the men. 119.
218) 1) dialog: You have all fought valiantly. The loss of this battle falls on the heads of your commanders, not you. For that reason I have decided to go down with the ship. There's a gasp from the group, followed by various cries protest. Tamon raises his hands for silence.
218) 2) dialog: You will avenge this defeat and become the core of an even more powerful Japanese Navy. My final order is that you carry on your loyal service to the Emperor. Tamon snaps his heels together and then turns to face wes
218) 3) dialog: Banzai! The men shout three banzais in response, the words ringin around the deck of the doomed carrier. When the echo fade bugles PLAY the Japanese national anthem as the giant bat flags are lowered from the mast. Tamon turns to Kaku, who stands in the front row.
218) 4) dialog: Abandon ship. Kaku snaps at a lieutenant, who blows a whistle. The men form orderly lines at the stern and begin to lower themse on ropes to the waiting lifeboats. Meanwhile, a small cluster of officers gather around Tamo They stand in awkward silence, nobody sure what to say, u the QUARTERMASTER clears his throat.
218) 6) dialog: Leave it. I'll need it for a square meal in hell. Tamon smiles slightly at his own joke, but the other offi are hollow-eyed. Kaku finally speaks.
218) 8) dialog: I'm touched by your offer, but you young men must leave the ship. That's my final order. Kaku struggles to keep from bursting into tears and then draws himself up in a salute.