12) 24) text: The patio of a laid back gastropub. James sits across fro ROBIN (29) -- warm, sunny and ever so slightly "off."
12) 26) dialog: He smiles Really? I just get this feeling...
12) 28) dialog: I don't want them to associate me with disruption.
12) 30) dialog: I know. But I remember that age. Seventeen? She'll have an opinion.
12) 32) dialog: No! No. I wanna make it work either way. I'm just thinking out loud. I think I could be a good friend to them, you know? (beat) And a good partner to you.
13) 0) text: TIGHT on Robin. She stands in front of a mirror -- steeli herself for something. 10. A CRAMPED SPACE containing lots of new-age CERAMIC SCULPTURES and the EQUIPMENT to make them. It looks like we're in her apartment... She braces herself in front of the mirror and takes a cal reassuring breath.
13) 1) dialog: You can do this. She takes a few steps towards the exit...
15) 0) text: Kellie and Abby sit on the floor -- taking in the progres The family CAT sits between them. The SCULPTURES stick out like a sore thumb in their new environment. Robin kneels down to Kellie and Abby’s eyeline.
15) 1) dialog: I just want to thank you girls for letting me into your home and your hearts. You know I love your dad and I’m looking forward to being your --
15) 4) dialog: I could be a bit of both. A Momster.
15) 6) dialog: You're right. We’ll just vibe it out. Abby notices James removing a single PICTURE from the wal He places it in a box and heads to his room. She follows. 11.
16) 0) text: James removes a couple of photos from his dresser and add them to the box. Behind him -- an ELECTRICIAN installs a custom CHANDELIER above the bed. Ceramic and glass. Sculpted by Robin.
16) 7) dialog: Wow. It's up already?
16) 9) dialog: Are you sure it... fits?
18) 0) text: Robin is unpacking DOZENS OF BOOKS and placing them on th shelves. New age stuff. Some YA fiction. Some poetry and eastern religion selections sprinkled in. Kellie reaches for one called ‘The Replacement Mother: Ho Not To Be a Wicked Stepmom.'
18) 2) dialog: Can't blame me for trying.
18) 4) dialog: Thanks. That would be great.
20) 0) text: Robin plates the food as Abby sits in her chair giggling talking to... no one.
20) 2) dialog: When did this start?
20) 4) dialog: I guess imaginary friends can be healthy.
20) 6) dialog: Meh, let her explore.
20) 8) dialog: Is that not how you do it?
20) 10) dialog: Just different interests I guess. Robin's smile fades a bit -- Kellie decides to ease up a little.
22) 0) text: The “new” Caldwell family settles in for dinner. Kellie a Abby prepare to dig into their steak. Robin swoops in and sprinkles a bunch of SEEDS on their m right before their forks make contact.
22) 2) dialog: Hemp seeds.
22) 4) dialog: Of course not.
22) 6) dialog: It won’t show up. (reconsiders) And if it did it’s not like weed ever made anyone faster.
22) 8) dialog: Its got Omega 3’s. Your dad loves it.
22) 11) dialog: Your brain likes it too. 15. James sets his fork down and raises a glass of wine.
22) 13) dialog: Ouch. Blood drips from Robin's hand.
22) 15) dialog: Yeah, can you just grab me a paper towel? Kellie grabs a roll of paper towels and heads over to Rob BLOOD trickles down Robin's finger into the water in the sink. Oddly similar to the image in the opening scene.
25) 0) text: James and Robin are in fact not going at it. His advances have been thwarted by some worrying on Robin's part. A breeze blows in through the open window.
25) 1) dialog: The seeds were stupid. I should have asked before putting them on.
25) 3) dialog: Yeah, but it's my first night here and I'm messing with her food. Not good. 18. She shakes her head, lost in the past. ROBIN (cont'd) I was never cool in school. Whenever I tried they just hated me more. INT. ABBY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Abby's half asleep. The window by her bed is once again open -- allowing a gentle breeze into the room. She shivers a bit. Pulls the blanket tighter. Her feet ar still exposed. BRRR. Abby's sheet LIFTS up. At first we think it’s the billowi wind... until it’s PULLED down to cover her feet. A quiet beat. The open window SLAMS shut and the sheets pull TIGHT arou Abby -- literally imprisoning her on the bed. INT. KELLIE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Todd and Kellie hear Abby SCREAM! She heads for the door. Todd follows.
26) 0) text: James and Robin exchange looks and jump out of bed. INT. ABBY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Kellie and Todd run into Abby’s room. Abby’s curled up in ball on the bed.
27) 0) text: Robin second guesses if she should go into Abby's room or not -- 'I don't want to overstep my bounds.' She sees something MOVING out of the corner of her eye. 19. She turns her head. ‘What's that?' She looks over to Kellie's room... the door is open... a single trophy falls from Kellie's shelf to the ground. She takes a step towards it... but Abby's crying grows louder. She takes a deep breath and heads into Abby's bedroom.
28) 0) text: Robin enters and takes her place by James' side. Todd lurks in the background -- almost hoping James won't notice him.
30) 0) text: Robin -- in her nightgown -- watches from the darkness of the hallway. Maybe jealous... maybe just wanting to know how to take c of Abby... After a beat she turns and heads back to her bedroom.
31) 0) text: Robin soaks in the tub -- a candle lit on the edge of the basin -- trying to unwind. A KNOCK on the door. She startles.
31) 2) dialog: Yep! Just trying to unwind. (to herself) And hoping this gets easier. TAP. A water drop falls from the shower head above and lands o her forehead. TAP. Robin glances up at the shower head -- annoyed. Another water drop forms then... TAP. The candle FLICKERS as though wind blows over it. Robin looks around... all the windows are closed. TAP. TAP. Robin looks over to THE SINK -- which is now dripping. 'Weird.' 23. She gets out of the tub, puts on her bathrobe and heads t the sink. She twists the faucet OFF. TAP. A DROP of water strikes her forehead. She looks up.. .».. and sees a THIN LINE OF WATER stretching across the ceiling from the shower -- stopping right over her head. TAP. She grabs a towel and blots the water from the ceiling. She looks to the candle... which flickers again before go out completely.
32) 0) text: Egg whites and spinach in a pan. Turkey bacon in the microwave. Spelt toast POPS out of the toaster. A healthier, more hippy-ish version of the breakfast we s earlier. Kellie practically skips in only to stop in her tracks as she discovers Robin has taken over her duties.
32) 1) dialog: Breakfast?
32) 3) dialog: Oh no, you've got school. You probably have to cram for tests or whatever. It'll be my routine.
32) 6) dialog: Sold another one!
32) 9) dialog: (to Abby) You get back to sleep okay after your little adventure?
32) 11) dialog: Oh no?
32) 13) dialog: Who shut it?
32) 17) dialog: Oh, I’m sure she’s here in some way. Robin reaches out with both arms, grabs Kellie and Abby b the hands, and closes her eyes. 25. ROBIN (cont'd) (like she's acknowledging a presence) Lexy, it’s an honor to be in your home with your two beautiful girls. Kellie pulls her hands away.
32) 19) dialog: Of course not. I was thinking more along the lines of a therapeutic --
32) 21) dialog: (to Abby) What makes you think it's her? Why now?
33) 10) dialog: Hi! I'm Robin! James stands up -- flustered.
33) 15) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry. It didn't seem like your style. Kellie takes the necklace from her.
33) 17) dialog: Oh, Kellie. You know I would never --
33) 19) dialog: Turquoise is a healing stone. (beat) It also keeps people from overreacting.
33) 23) dialog: It looks beautiful on you, Kellie. Robin hands the box she took the necklace from over to Kellie. ROBIN (cont'd) You should really be the one to go through this. Bernard pats Robin on the back and steers her towards the table full of knick-knacks.
40) 0) text: Robin and Abby walk down the hall towards her room. 32.
40) 1) dialog: You know the kids at my school picked on me too.
40) 3) dialog: Big time. I was a little bit different like you are.
40) 5) dialog: Us weird ones, we've got to stick together. (beat) Come on, I've got a surprise for you. INT. ABBY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Abby bounds into her room with Robin following. On her be is a WOODEN BOX. She slowly opens it... INSIDE -- PICTURES of Lexy and Abby together. A LOCK OF HAIR.
40) 6) dialog: I found this stuff during the garage sale. I figure if Kellie gets the necklace... I wanted to save something for you.
40) 8) dialog: I think it’s important for you to feel a connection with her. And to know that I’m here for you, not to take her place.
42) 0) text: Abby looks to the closet tentatively... almost as though she's seeking permission from someone we can't see. She nods to whatever she's looking at and then proceeds t give Robin a hug.
42) 1) dialog: Awww. I'm fitting in already? Kellie enters -- her eyes lock on the box.
42) 3) dialog: I thought --
42) 5) dialog: Your dad and I discussed it. Kellie sighs... she'll let this one go. She sits on the b next to Abby.
42) 7) dialog: Of course you do. Kellie pulls the photo out of the box and gazes at it.
43) 0) text: James and Robin are post-coital in bed.
43) 2) dialog: I just don't want her to think I'm trying to replace this perfect mom. (almost in tears) I already feel like I'm trying to replace a perfect wife.
43) 4) dialog: Part of you has to wish she was still here.
43) 6) dialog: How? James takes a deep breath. ROBIN (cont'd) If you don't want to talk about it --
43) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, James.
43) 10) dialog: Of course.
44) 0) text: We slowly pull away from Abby’s door and into the hallway As we depart... we hear her TALKING. INT. KELLIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT ANGLE -- Robin’s sculpture. Still downright horrifying in the moonlight. Kellie grabs a blanket and tosses it over the sculpture. Then -- a KNOCKING sound. She scans the room, trying to place it... ...her dresser drawer shakes. Or did she imagine it? She heads to her dresser and opens the drawer. The necklace. She pulls it out and holds it. Fingers the interlocking rivets... concerned... BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! The entry/exit alert from the motion detector system. 37.
47) 17) dialog: (re: the mess) But let me help you-
50) 6) dialog: Kellie, you're feeling a lot of upheaval right now and this is the anxiety manifesting itself.
50) 8) dialog: I just think everyone's on edge and reading into the wrong things.
50) 10) dialog: Maybe the shelf couldn't handle the weight. (smiles) A testament to your hard work.
54) 0) text: Robin is on her knees PLANTING SEEDS in the dirt near the deck, a glass of wine at her side.
54) 2) dialog: Hey, Bernard. What's up?
54) 4) dialog: Uh... Sure.
54) 6) dialog: Yeah, I thought that might be the case.
54) 8) dialog: (flustered) James and I got together three years after the funeral, Bernard. It's a circle of friends. Things happen. Bernard nods -- looks off in the distance.
54) 10) dialog: Well, I was as surprised as anyone he asked me out. She’s not an easy act to follow.
54) 12) dialog: James and I don't think it's a good idea right now. It's such an uphill battle already.
54) 14) dialog: Yep. Bernard pulls out his inhaler... takes a puff.
54) 16) dialog: Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere.
54) 18) dialog: Anytime. Bernard makes his way back around the side of the yard. Robin pulls out the hose to water the seeds -- notices a LEAK where the tube screws into the water spout. She grabs the spout handle to adjust it -- SPSHHH! It SPR her with water. 49. She steps back -- 'great.'
56) 0) text: Kellie arrives home and catches a glimpse of Robin throug the back windows. Her eyes linger on Robin -- DRENCHED with water... MATTED hair... INT. KELLIE’S BEDROOM - DAY Kellie closes the door behind her, opens the drawer and pulls out the necklace. She studies it, nervous -- ‘what the fuck am I thinking?’
66) 0) text: Kellie digs a tiny GRAVE -- right where Robin planted her seeds earlier. Tiny sprouted SEEDLINGS speck the dirt. A PAW pokes out of the trash bag next to her. James stands behind Kellie -- oblivious that she's diggin up Robin's stuff.
67) 0) text: Robin digs through boxes marked ‘Lexy’ in the garage. Wit purpose. Almost frantic. Finally -- she finds what she’s looking for. A WEDDING RI James enters in his bathrobe...
75) 0) text: James crawls into bed with Robin, who is already asleep. As his eyes flutter shut... we hear a soft, raspy sound i the air. Something unnatural. The sound grows louder as we TILT UP to an AIR VENT above
77) 0) text: James and Robin are fast asleep. ANGLE -- the AIR VENT. The raspy sound grows stronger. At the other end of the room -- behind Robin's SCULPTURES the CURTAINS start BLOWING. The vent going full throttle. One of the sculptures starts to RATTLE and SWAY with the force of the air.
80) 0) text: ANGLE -- the AIR VENT. The raspy sound now fills the room Robin stirs awake and is immediately terrified. The CHANDELIER sways dangerously overhead. She SHAKES James.
80) 1) dialog: Wake up! Wake up! He bolts up in bed. 'What the fuck is going on?'
82) 0) text: Papers swirl through the air. SCULPTURES shatter. Robin's eyes dart to the chandelier above her and James. Swaying dangerously back and forth. The WALLPAPER bubbles and moves -- suddenly something UNDEFINED emerges -- taking the shape of the wallpaper design. It is then reabsorbed in a FLASH. 60. INT. ABBY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Kellie shakes Abby by the shoulders.
83) 1) dialog: Look out! SNAP! The chandelier FALLS. James and Robin jump out of t way as it CRASHES down to the bed. CERAMIC and GLASS SHATTER into a THOUSAND JAGGED FRAGMENT INT. ABBY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Abby scurries over to a SHELF FULL OF DOLLS and pulls the necklace off the neck of an OLDER DOLL hidden in the midd She hands it to Kellie. Kellie PULLS on either side of the necklace. SNAPPING it into two pieces. We hear a SHRIEK.
85) 0) text: Robin turns on the sink and splashes water on her face. She glances back in the mirror... ...She looks DEAD. PALE with PURPLE BRUISING, WET MATTED HAIR. Swollen. Like she's been face down in the water for two days. The door SHAKES. Robin SCREAMS.
85) 2) dialog: I'll be right out. 62.
85) 4) dialog: No.
85) 6) dialog: I just need a second.
88) 0) text: James opens the door and Bernard steps inside -- looks everyone over. Kellie, Robin and Todd are huddled in the living room. Silent. Everyone is scared... except for Todd. 64.
89) 3) dialog: Maybe this is my fault. I mean I encouraged her to talk to it...
89) 9) dialog: (grits her teeth) Abby thinks it's Lexy. Bernard turns around to face James. Determined. No BS.
89) 14) dialog: Are you okay?
89) 19) dialog: I know you think it's my fault --
89) 25) dialog: You should sit down. You don’t look so good. Bernard -- takes a puff from his inhaler -- nods and eyes Robin suspiciously.
92) 2) dialog: Not yet. She heads into the kitchen and out of sight. Kellie enter and BUMPS into James. He's starting to panic.
92) 4) dialog: It's gonna be okay, James.
93) 0) text: Robin’s searching the pantry when she hears this. She sta up -- tears welling in her eyes. She retreats through the back of the kitchen into the hallway. 69.
96) 0) text: Robin sits on Kellie's bed and buries her head in her hands -- fighting back tears. On the verge of letting it out. She straightens herself out a bit... looks around... she' alone. THEN... She suddenly sees her shadow on the wall -- growing in size -- illuminated by the light from a presence behind h She turns around -- a vapor begins to take shape under th trophy shelf. Then... a single trophy falls from the shelf. PLUNK. It lands on the carpet. World's Best Daughter. The LID POPS half off. The vapor disappears. Robin looks up to the shelf, then to the trophy on the floor -- 'what the fuck?' Robin bends down and picks it up. She reaches inside...
98) 0) text: Kellie enters to find Robin sitting on the floor. In the palm of her hand -- Lexy’s wedding ring. INSERT -- an engraving inside the ring. ‘Lexy and James ~ August 9th 1998’ Kellie closes the door and slowly approaches her. Robin g up and backs away.
98) 1) dialog: Why would you have this? Why would you keep this from your Dad unless -- 71.
98) 3) dialog: She's been trying to tell us this whole time.
98) 5) dialog: What? Like you?
99) 0) text: ANGLE -- the bathtub. Still full of water from earlier. Kellie sees that Robin is looking past her... back into t bedroom...
99) 1) dialog: Stay away from me.
105) 0) text: Robin floats in the bath -- her face breaking the water. moving. TAP. A drop of water falls from the shower head and lands her forehead. TAP. Another one. We hear a small underwater POP... the tub finally starts drain.
110) 0) text: The last of the water has drained from the tub. Robin lay soaking on the bare porcelain. 82.
111) 10) dialog: It’s over, Kellie. Kellie DIVES for the box. Robin quickly approaches and SNATCHES it out of her hands. Kellie jumps to her feet.
111) 12) dialog: I’m so sick of you. Talking about how you protect them. Kellie crawls on her knees -- grabbing the lock of hair a trying to get as many pieces of the box as she can. ROBIN (cont'd) You don’t give a shit about protecting them. You want to possess them. Kellie gets back on her feet and takes a step towards Abb
111) 14) dialog: Abby, come here. Abby takes a step away from Kellie towards Robin.
111) 20) dialog: Kellie, stop! The necklace once again DIGS into Kellie’s wrist. The roo SHAKES violently now. Robin GRABS HOLD of Kellie’s arm. Kellie refuses to let go. James struggles but she’s smothering him. The chair LEANS back on its rear legs. 85. WIND fills the room. DEBRIS FLIES through the air. The chair TOPPLES over -- sending Kellie flying to the floor. The shelf next to them COLLAPSES. FRAMED PICTURES the family fall onto Kellie. GLASS SHATTERS all over her. A loud CRACKING BOOM. LEXY APPEARS in specter form and hovers menacingly above family. James’ eyes widen in terror. That awful supernatural SHRIEK pierces the air. Another BOOMING SOUND... LEXY floats in front of them. Vaporous, ethereal and unmistakably her. She’s surrounded by a HAZE OF ENERGY. James’ eyes fill with tears, relief and closure. Robin comforts Abby as the little girl looks up in wonder. Kellie averts her eyes in anger and shame -- she can’t ev look at her. Lexy turns to vapor and MOVES THROUGH JAMES -- a radiant stream -- disappearing as she does so. Kellie turns to see Robin clutching Abby. Protecting her. Kellie grabs a SHARD OF GLASS from one of the shattered frames and runs after Robin -- forcing her into the hallw
112) 0) text: Robin SLAMS the door and backs up against the wall.
114) 1) dialog: Kellie... your hand. Kellie looks down at the blood dripping from her hand. Kellie RACES towards her -- the shard of glass raised hig Robin BACKS UP and SLAMS into the trophy shelf. TROPHIES TOPPLE to the ground.
114) 4) dialog: No no no! CLOSE on Robin's face. A sickening SHHHK as Kellie's SCRE fill the air. James rushes over to help Kellie -- but we know by the lo on his face it’s too late. He crumples to his knees, sobbing. TIGHT ON Kellie’s face. Wide-eyed shock and terror. THE CAMERA SPINS AROUND to the MIRROR opposite her. We realize she’s staring at her own reflection -- she watche as the color drains from her own face. cur TO:
115) 0) text: POLICES CARS and AMBULANCES clutter the driveway. 87. EMTs attend to Robin, James and Abby. All wrapped in blankets.
118) 0) text: James and Robin sleep in their new bed. A PHOTO their wedding day on the nightstand. WHISPERS offscreen -- Robin stirs.
119) 0) text: Robin makes her way down the hall. Tired. In her nightgow She stops outside a closed door. The whispering is LOUDER. INT. NEW APARTMENT - ABBY’S ROOM - NIGHT Robin opens the door -- startling Abby.
119) 1) dialog: You know the rules. Real friends only.
119) 3) dialog: Come on.
119) 5) dialog: No such thing.
120) 0) text: Robin closes the door and heads back down the hall.
121) 0) text: James wakes up and spoons Robin as she gets back into bed
121) 2) dialog: We've gotta keep an eye on that one. INT. NEW APARTMENT - ABBY’S ROOM - NIGHT Abby lays on her stomach, drifting off to sleep.