5) 4) text: RECEPTIONIST #1 begins checking appointments in the compu the arguing woman hears this and flips out. She barges pa several people between them, pushing them out of the way to the sympathetic RECEPTIONIST. The woman is LOIS LANE.
5) 5) dialog: (furious) What?! I have been waiting here for three hours and I have an appointment! (Beat) Does he know Lois Lane from the Daily Planet is here? RECEPTIONIST #2 (Under her breath) That's probably why he's not coming down.
5) 6) text: LOIS shoots her a nasty look.
5) 7) dialog: (To RECEPTIONIST #2) The parking garage. You and me, sister. I hope your medical is all paid up. RECEPTIONIST #1 (to WOMAN and ignoring LOIS) I can fit you in Tuesday.
5) 11) text: LOIS returns to RECEPTIONIST #2. RECEPTIONIST #1 If you have a business card or something, I'd be happy to leave it for him.
5) 13) text: RECEPTIONIST #1 stands to retrieve her card and WOMAN ope jacket revealing a bomb strapped around her mid-section. RECEPTIONIST #1 swoons and faints. LOIS, on her cell phon background...
5) 14) dialog: (into cell phone) Gotta go!
11) 56) text: LOIS LANE runs to the scene as SUPERMAN is preparing to l
11) 58) dialog: (slightly nervous) Fine. SUPERMAN It's good to see you again but I have to be going.
16) 0) text: LOIS enters PERRY's office waiving a floppy disk.
16) 1) dialog: I got it.
16) 4) dialog: The story on LexCorp bomb for the morning edition.
16) 7) text: LOIS doesn't say anything. She fumes until she's built up pressure she storms out.
17) 0) text: LOIS drops into her chair, consumed with anger. The clock background reads 11:00PM. Cleaning people come and go along with the occasional wor burning the midnight oil. She never moves but the time do The clock DISSOLVES to 8:30am. The office becomes alive w people. CLARK KENT enters with RON TROUPE and they go to their re desks. CLARK situates his things, opens the morning paper LOIS glares at him the whole time.
17) 1) dialog: (monotone) How do you do it, Smallville?
17) 3) dialog: You know what.
17) 5) dialog: No. Getting the stories on the front page is what I do. You're doing my job.
17) 7) dialog: No, I am not jealous of you.
17) 9) dialog: Don't do me any favors. Sam Lane didn't raise his daughters to take hand-outs.
17) 11) dialog: (hesitant) Okay, I'll do it, but not because I want the story. I'm doing it so you can spend the evening with your friend to do whatever it is you do when you're not here. Understood?
17) 13) dialog: Exactly.
19) 3) text: The THUGS rejoice in a quick celebration as the train spe the platform. On the platform is CLARK KENT next to LOIS (with her cell phone.) The waiting commuters are confused and start mumbling. In instant, CLARK peers into the moving train with his teles vision sees the THUGS with their hostages. CLARK takes two steps backwards behind the line of people gray hat can be seen above the headline as he moves along platform in the direction of the train. Between the peopl see a blur that changes from a gray suit to the familiar uniform. He emerges from the other side as SUPERMAN and f into the tunnel. He's gone in a blur.
22) 7) text: SUPERMAN shakes his hand and winces. FATHER looks at him LOIS notices.
22) 8) dialog: Let me see that. SUPERMAN I'm fine, Lois.
22) 9) text: LOIS opens his hand and his palm is burned. LOIS looks at with fear in her eyes.
22) 10) dialog: Is this from the bullets? SUPERMAN I'll be okay.
40) 2) text: LOIS smacks his hand... HARD. CLARK sneezes. LOIS instinc hands him a box of tissue.
40) 4) text: CLARK reaches for the box and LOIS draws it back.
40) 5) dialog: What was that?
40) 7) dialog: Are you sick, Smallville?
40) 9) dialog: In June?
40) 11) dialog: I've never seen you sick, Clark. I thought they built all you country boys big and strong.
40) 13) dialog: I'm a reporter, Jimmy. I notice things.
40) 23) dialog: A letter? Let me guess your pigeons haven't come back yet? You know, with emails, faxes and if you really want to be a Neanderthal you could always use the telephone.
40) 27) dialog: Kent doesn't have any dirt. He's going to go home and make some soup from a Kent recipe that's been in the family for six generations and huddle down with a quilt and Frank Capra movie that would make me wretch. Aren't you, Kent?
42) 2) dialog: Cat likes 'em big. It must be all the corn.
46) 1) dialog: (Rant) You want to know what it is? This guy is a Boy Scout. He doesn't smoke. He doesn't drink. He doesn't swear. He calls his parents everyday. If I had to talk to my father everyday I'd kill myself. He's honest. He's trustworthy. He's moral. Every friend he's got he's had since high school and that just isn't normal. The guy says grace before his meals, eats his vegetables first and drinks milk. And that ridiculous hat! Who wears a fedora? (Beat) For Christ's sake, has anyone ever seen him use the bathroom?
46) 4) dialog: That is exactly what I mean. Everybody knows old lady Hayworth is a cranky bitch. (Searching for words) He's like some kind of by-the-book moral, excellent worker, great writer, seven-year-old in the body of a linebacker virgin.
46) 6) dialog: (Standing to exit) No. There is something else to this guy. Things about him we couldn't imagine. Nobody eats that much apple pie. I can't put my finger on it but you'll know when I do. Kent is full of surprises.
46) 12) text: He hugs her. LOIS stares at them both in disbelief. WOMAN #2 from here on will be known as DIANA.
46) 18) dialog: Oh really...
46) 21) dialog: So Diana...?
46) 23) dialog: What is it you do?
46) 25) dialog: Is that so?
46) 27) dialog: Are you from Smallville?
83) 0) text: PEOPLE crush into the subway trying to escape the escalat damage above them. Fighting their way through the mass of are LOIS LANE with JIMMY OLSEN in tow. They are the only fighting to get in SUICIDE SLUM.
83) 1) dialog: Come on, Jimmy!
83) 3) dialog: Front seat at the fight of the century is always a good idea!
83) 5) dialog: What does that have to do with anything?
83) 7) dialog: What are you talking about? Superman doesn't always save us.
83) 9) text: LOIS pauses. She's never considered that.
83) 10) dialog: Let's go.
84) 0) text: LOIS and JIMMY emerge onto the street and find themselves middle of a firefight. LOIS ducks while JIMMY's starts clicking away. The METROPOLIS SPECIAL CRIMES UNIT (SCU) arrives. Six HUMVEE-like RIOT VEHICLES roll onto the site. They ha armor plates that extend the length of the vehicle attach sides with hydraulic arms. Three barricade one side of th and the other three the opposing side. The hydraulic arms the armored plates to the ground with a thud. A back door open forming a ramp and simultaneously SCU TROOPERS hustl the transports and take cover behind the plates. The TROO dressed in SWAT/Military black uniforms with a large whit insignia and various technical modifications (radios, hel goggles). Leading them is SCU Commander CAPTAIN MAGGIE SAWYER along DAN TURPIN (her second in command). They are also dressed black fatigues. SAWYER has short brown hair and a lack of femininity. TURPIN is a gruff, seasoned veteran of the fo his late 40s. TROOPER #1 (To SAWYER over the noise) Sir, ground force is in place and air support is standing by!
84) 22) dialog: 
86) 12) text: TROOPERS pop up and start firing at METALLO as TURPIN run the block. Distracted, TURPIN finds LOIS and JIMMY.
86) 14) dialog: No, I'm some other idiot caught in a warzone.
86) 18) text: He gives LOIS his rifle and takes his handgun out.
86) 20) dialog: Nine millimeter German Glock with a modified grip.
86) 22) dialog: I was an Army brat. I think I'll be okay.
86) 23) text: LOIS takes the handgun and gives him his rifle back.
86) 25) text: They charge out into the open running for the barricade. in the lead when METALLO turns. LOIS stops and starts fir TURPIN makes it to safety. METALLO closes in on LOIS and her into the air and disarms her. METALLO I know you. You're that reporter from The Daily Planet.
86) 26) dialog: And here I didn't think you could read. METALLO Oh, you're funny, too.
86) 28) text: LOIS spits in his face.
86) 29) dialog: My dance card's full. METALLO That's gonna cost you.
86) 32) text: SUPERMAN belts METALLO in the face and he drops LOIS to t street. METALLO is first shocked and then angry. SUPERMAN (Very serious) You need to get to safety, Miss Lane. This looks like a job for Superman.
86) 33) text: LOIS runs to the TROOPERS who are standing by. METALLO So... you finally decided to come out and play.
99) 7) text: METALLO and SUPERMAN both let loose an ear-splitting batt and charge each other. They collide with the sound of thu METALLO picks SUPERMAN up and slams him into the ground repeatedly cracking the pavement. SUPERMAN makes contact with METALLO who catches him, slam into the pavement. METALLO picks SUPERMAN up and tosses h across the parking lot. SUPERMAN stands and is hit by a c at him, knocking him down again. METALLO picks up the dazed SUPERMAN and tosses him into t of a trash truck, walks around the side and throws the sw the compactor closes, the truck ROCKS BACK AND FORTH and over on METALLO pinning him underneath. SUPERMAN tears through the roof of the truck, lifts the c where METALLO is pinned and slams it down on him repeated SUPERMAN pulls METALLO from under the truck, stands him u and kicks him across the street into the remains of the L battle. METALLO grabs a LEXFLIGHT rifle and fires on SUPE METALLO's face is filled with a wicked satisfaction and p pleasure as he fires on SUPERMAN. SUPERMAN is knocked down from his feet. Somewhere in the background LOIS witnesses it and screams.
99) 8) dialog: 
107) 0) text: LUTHOR is met by MERCY. They exit the station swarmed by reporters. LOIS LANE is among them.