7) 31) dialog: mid 40’s, slight widow's peak, a keen visage that has no trouble holding an intense gaze. That said, his sm when revealed, is warm. There’s a piano in the office. He sits on swivel desk chair looking straight at us. Fred is being interviewed by a reporter WHO WILL NEVER BE SEEN ON CAMERA. His voice will be intelligible but muffle
7) 32) dialog: Since you're asking me ... I think basically it’s impossible to understand why or what happens when an artist or performer captures people’s imagination. The drums start to beat and the message moves across the mountains. Of course, there’s no shortage of managers or publishers or press for that matter, explaining why so and so is hot, or proclaiming this fellow is going to be a star ... That’s an opinion ... (beat)and I’m familiar with a lot of them...
7) 34) dialog: Yes I did. It would have been hard not to... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
7) 40) dialog: Yes ... (laughs) I was originally a song and dance man from St. Louis, via New York, but yes, Roy Acuff, who as you know has been a big Opry star for quite some time ... we have a company. (thinking, smiling) I really liked Hank right off. Maybe it was because he didn't give a darn whether you liked him or not.
7) 42) dialog: Let’s put it this way he would listen to me. That doesn't mean he heard.
7) 44) dialog: All I’ll say is, as a young man I was personally no stranger to similar troubles myself. 19.
8) 1) dialog: So I told him I was a Christian Scientist, which he was not likely not to know, and we assert that humanity is spiritual rather than material. That ... that faith has helped me through some dark times ++. and he should call me if he needed me.
9) 26) dialog: Not if I can avoid it son ... it’s certainly been a long while.
9) 28) dialog: Then you go out there and make them feel better about themselves. stands slowly, smiling ...
14) 0) text: Hank, unshaven, beat, sits on a MOTEL BALCONY overlooking ocean in PENSACOLA, eighty miles south of Montgomery. The winds gust, sun washes his face, sand blows, whitecaps. In his hand is a half crumpled letter. As he reads it, an this is clearly not the first time, Fred Rose’s voice com up ...
14) 1) dialog: “Dear Hank, I feel kinda let down today after receiving your call ‘cause I knew you were drinking again and Hank that is something I refuse to go for because it only proves a man’s weakness ... The hard sun sinks heavy as it nears the water.
14) 2) dialog: ... if you want Audrey back, get a haircut and buy a new suit, wash your face and throw that damn whisky bottle out the window ... He drops the letter, stumbles to the bed, sits unsteadily But Fred’s voice still resonates.
14) 3) dialog: If you think you want to straighten out and let me take care of business as I have been doing, sign the enclosed contracts, have them notarized. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
17) 16) dialog: Just the opposite son. I took my first step with you based on faith because I surely couldn't see where we were going. It’s because I do believe in you that I want to get you out of Montgomery. Lillie enters. Hank looks up.
17) 21) dialog: I get it, but that’s not in the cards yet, not yet. I’m talking to those boys, but we’re going to have prove ourselves ... and not just with music frankly, but with reliability. Lillie stares. He nods for her to get out. She doesn’t. Fred pause) Hank takes
17) 24) dialog: I’m not the enemy Hank ... Look, I’ve got things just about set up with the Hayride down in Shreveport on KWKH. his time answering.
17) 26) dialog: Okay?
17) 28) dialog: Now how’s the family, Audrey? I heard something ...
17) 31) dialog: That's good, cause women can be vengeful when they're not on your side. (CONTINUED)
17) 36) dialog: We'll get to Nashville, son.
27) 0) text: December 22, 1948 E.T. Herzog Studio, Cincinnati Ohio 3 hours in... Red Foley’s band - JERRY BYRD, ZEKE TURNER, a couple of others, sit on folding chairs. Feet up, sipping Coke, smo and watching Hank and Fred ARGUE. (CONTINUED)
27) 4) dialog: Hank that song is painful ... and not in the right way. It’s out of meter and you hold some of those notes too damn long.
27) 6) dialog: Fact is, it’s pretty awful. No disrespect.
27) 8) dialog: I’m getting a cup of coffee, just be done when I get back, okay? Hank turns to the boys and smiles. They don’t. They were really hoping Fred won the argument. But they slowly get and move towards their instruments.
31) 1) text: On Hank amidst the wasp hive of activity. His Stetson jus one of many. A MAN makes his way to Hank. It’s Fred.
31) 2) dialog: Hank.
31) 6) dialog: How you doing?
31) 8) dialog: Don’t worry, they can kill you, but they can’t eat you.
31) 10) dialog: I’m very proud of you Hank, and I say that as a friend.
31) 12) dialog: Now as soon as ET wraps it up, there'll be a couple of commercials then it’s you. Foley’s boys are backing. They’re down the hall. Jim Denny walks up to Fred & Hank.
31) 14) dialog: Jim. Hank, this is Jim Denny, Manager of the Opry.
31) 19) dialog: How’s little Bocephus? ... peculiar, but funny you call him that.
33) 24) dialog: Yep, Hank, Nashville ... Nashville. Audrey talks to Don.
33) 28) dialog: I hope it’s a great year for you and Audrey.
33) 31) dialog: Nothing, darling. Well, maybe a few more hit songs.
42) 24) dialog: What a truly powerful song ... If I was a betting man, which I’m not, I'd say three times a week we get a request to record it. Tony Bennett for one, did a heckuva rendition «+. you probably know that. (CONTINUED)
42) 29) dialog: He loved it. If he came across a jukebox with a Tony Bennett version, he’d play it over and over.
42) 31) dialog: .+. Being an artist, doing the writing, the composing, the real work, that itself can be pretty painful ... But I can’t really say .-.. family’s have pain, men and women cause each other pain, there’s physical pain ... but turning it into a poem like that, I don’t know.
42) 33) dialog: I don't believe it mattered much to him. He wanted the Opry and he got it. But beyond that whether a song was number one or fifty ... he cared a lot more about just doing what he wanted to do.
42) 35) dialog: People like money. Some a lot more than others. Some it’s a way to keep score. He was fine just not having to think about it. He didn't do what he did for money. (CONTINUED)
55) 23) dialog: Yeah well, he moved in with Ray Price. Ray was a bit younger and innocent in many ways and really looked up to Hank as did many of the guys ... The house was a nice place in the Natchez Trace area of Nashville. One thing’s for sure, Ray wasn’t ready for what Hank was bringing.
59) 0) text: Hank and Fred walks through the studio lot.
59) 4) dialog: Let’s just get a sense of the whole thing first ... but remember, we've kept them cooling for nine months now.
59) 6) dialog: By telephone only. He’s okay.
59) 8) dialog: Maybe ... but they don’t take notice unless they think you're a draw.
60) 1) dialog: Roy’s already made one and ET too.
60) 3) dialog: This isn’t a test, Hank. You got the job and it’s a $10,000 guarantee.
60) 8) dialog: How are you, Dore?
60) 12) dialog: Fine. Little bumpy over Wichita though.
60) 18) dialog: I was generally pleased with the response.
60) 20) dialog: My wife loves Jane Powell.
60) 24) dialog: I’m okay, but thank you. Hank gives an imperceptible, no.
61) 0) text: Backstage at the OPRY. Hank and Lillie. Fred approaches f the far end of the hall. The M.C. patter can be heard.
61) 4) text: Fred notes Hank nods, 97.
61) 8) dialog: Miss Lillie.
61) 11) dialog: Dead ... just like you wanted it, I believe.
74) 34) dialog: The Opry ... yeah, the Opry ... getting the boot ... devastating Nearly as much for me as him... We’d worked so hard for it ... But there was a small part of me thought, maybe it might get us on a better road ... FRED ROSE (cont'd) In the end, I pulled every string. I had to get him back where we started, on the Louisiana Hayride in Shreveport. The money was less, but he wouldn’t be idle. And they did have an easier way down there, not protecting an image so much. (lights a cigarette, takes a long drag) His back was still bad and we were concerned about the medications. Especially on the road ... I couldn't imagine that aspect would get worse ... and then it did. By way of man named Toby Marshall.
75) 16) dialog: Chloral Hydrate. Ever heard of it? It's what’s in a “Mickey Finn”... knock-out pills. So powerful they use them to sedate circus animals. Never supposed to be administered with alcohol or to someone with a heart condition, which Hank likely had. INT. FRED ROSE’S OFFICE - DAY Back to the Fred Rose interview.
75) 17) dialog: Marshall was by his own admission a pathological liar. A former alcoholic who had been in prison for armed robbery. His diploma ... came from the Chicago University of Applied Sciences and Arts. Bought it off a salesman at a gas station for 25 dollars... then just before his 29th birthday, Hank called and told me he was in Toby Marshall’s care.
76) 4) dialog: Hour or so. He opens his eyes, leans up, stares at the clock ... 3:10 P.M. Fred walks out of the booth, takes a long look at hi FRED ROSE (cont'd) You alright? A faint nod. FRED ROSE (cont'd) We can be done, Hank. Call it a day. Hank leans down and picks up his guitar. Lays it across h lap.
76) 6) dialog: Okay ... you sure? Hank says nothing more, just slowly begins picking out th first simple chords of his new song. And without even ris from his chair and with more agonizing emotion than is imaginable, he begins to sing.
76) 8) dialog: (CONTINUED)
81) 27) dialog: Oscar and A.V. Bamford booked Hank two dates at the end of December. New Years Eve in Charleston, West Virginia and New years day in Canton, Ohio. The weather in the south had turned horrible, bone cold and as wet as a beavers pocket, so he couldn’t fly and instead looked around for someone to drive him in his own car. When he couldn’t find any friends to take him up on that, he called a buddy at Lee Street Taxi in Montgomery and that fellow got his 17 year-old son, Charles Carr for the job. Charles was a freshman at Auburn on holiday break. December 30, 1952 EXT. LILLIE’S BOARDING HOUSE - DAY Cold, windy, about to rain. The CADDY sits on the street. Trunk open. Billie Jean leans against the hood. She wears wool coat and has a shawl wrapped around her. The front door opens. Hank walks out carrying his guitar. Thinner than ever. Gaunt. Cigarette hanging from his lips (CONTINUED)
85) 9) text: INT. FRED ROSE’S OFFICE - NIGHT Fred's face, half lit, a study in sorrow. His head down, hands trembling. Under this ...