4) 4) text: HANK ON STAGE. He wears a Stetson, a regular suit and a loosened tie. Behind him is a version of his band the DRIFTING COWBOYS. Through the years the name would always stay the same, but the players would change 20 times. For DON HELMS 20’S on pedal steel guitar and LUM YORK, 20’S o bass; JERRY RIVERS, 20s and one other player (considering Sammy Pruitt). Hank hunches over the microphone, all 150 pounds of him. he sings, his knees buckle, his hips thrust. For these da it’s unique. Visceral. And the sexuality cannot be denied yodels, a WOMAN shrieks. Rest of crowd laughs at that. IN THE WINGS is Hank’s MOTHER, LILLIE, 40’s, intense, formidable and nearly as tall as her 6 foot son. She wear simple black dress and ARGUES with Audrey. They don’t now and never have, liked each other. Lillie FLIPS THROUGH the last bills of “tonight’s take.” actually starts counting the crowd.
4) 6) dialog: I’m under no obligation to you.
4) 8) dialog: You think so ... ON HANK. Finishes the song, glimpses over at the two of t Nods for Audrey to join him. She’s pleased, Lillie’s not.
4) 10) dialog: I'd be careful little girl, that’s a tinder box out there. Hank grabs a coke bottle full of liquor off the floor. Ne falls as he does. Big swig, then drapes his arm around Audrey. He kisses her cheek, she leans into him. They rol into “BLUES COME AROUND” together. A SCARY GUY stands up in the crowd. (CONTINUED)
4) 19) dialog: I know I birthed you Hank ... I was there. (chuckles to herself) But where you came from, how you got what you got and why you have it ... I swear no one knows that. Maybe the Lord ... Maybe. Hank now barely visible in the backseat. Hat pulled over eyes.
4) 21) dialog: Think I care ... I’m doing everybody at the station a favor. That woman doesn’t have clue who’s the star ‘round here. And I haven't been driving you all over the state for 10 years, booking joints and schoolhouses to see her sweep in like she’s the Queen of England.
4) 23) dialog: How can you say that? That’s hurtful, son. Lillie takes a corner and tires squeal. (CONTINUED)
4) 27) dialog: Wish that was all. When’s the last time you ate?
4) 29) dialog: Your back sore?
6) 0) text: Howard Pill walks up to two full U.S. POST OFFICE CARTONS next to a secretary’s desk. Bends down, shuffles through box that’s filled with letters to Hank. Walks away, says nothing. EXT. LILLIE’S BOARDING HOUSE - DAY CLOSE ON HAND. A stub of a pencil. (CONTINUED)
6) 12) dialog: Get lost Ellie. (CONTINUED)
6) 16) dialog: When?
6) 18) dialog: That’s true, we do. And it’s a good job right now.
6) 20) dialog: That’s not true.
6) 22) dialog: It’s not that easy to get out of.
6) 24) dialog: What is this, a schoolyard?
7) 3) dialog: Well that’s swell, Audrey ...
7) 7) dialog: So there you go.
17) 17) dialog: You talkin’ to that divorcing bitch? Hank ignores her. Randomly INTERCUT back and forth betwee Fred and Hank.
17) 23) dialog: That's right, they can kiss your ass. s, calm.
17) 30) dialog: She’s a demon that’s what she is.
17) 35) dialog: She’s on her own damn side. Hanks shoots her a look.
44) 0) text: STAGE WINGS. Lillie and Audrey and in between them, Lycre Junior waddles over to his grandmother. She picks him up. Audrey doesn't care for this, but puts up with it. She th turns around looking for Hank. This prompts Lillie to do same. MAN in a suit, obviously the promoter, walks to Audrey.
61) 0) text: Backstage at the OPRY. Hank and Lillie. Fred approaches f the far end of the hall. The M.C. patter can be heard.
61) 2) dialog: Maybe it’s the load, Hank.
61) 5) dialog: You have visitation, no doubt?
61) 7) dialog: I know you do, I know, but you’re better off without her son. She was never worth a half of you. the intensity of their conversation, holds back. LILLIE (cont'd) I got a little boy I worry about, too. Fred steps up.
61) 9) dialog: Mr. Rose. She and Fred exchange looks.
78) 12) text: Hank looks 119. LAWYER (cont'd) Hank will pay all the doctor’s bills and hospital bills and 30 days after the birth will provide a plane ticket to anywhere in California Bobbi wants to go. Lillie here is going to look after the baby for two years and Hank will pay for a nurse...” We on track so far? at Lillie, softly pats Bobbi’s hand.