0) 0) text: It's seven o'clock and the birds are singing in the trees outside an old, two-story frame house with a sagging fron porch and peeling white paint, anly half-covered by a par paint job. MRS, NOONAN (v.0.) (shouting cheerily) Let's go kids! Rise and shine! Let's hit the deck! Let's go-go-go! A dog begins BARKING.
1) 0) text: Doors fly open and a half dozen children start pouring in the hall, racing for the bathroom, and rough~-housing dow the stairs.
1) 4) text: Three brothers share the room. ANDY and BILLY, twelve and thirteen are getting dressed. DANNY NOONAN, age eighteen, sits on the cdge of his bed rubbing his eyes. He's a manl good-looking, athletic kid with a kind of quick, natural intelligence -- the oldest and biggest of the Noonan kids
3) 0) text: MRS. NOONAN is busy making fried egg sandwiches. A crying four year old clings to her apron while other kids pillag the refrigerator, spill milk and orange juice, and slop cereal into bowls. The dog is barking, the phone is ringi and the radio plays loudly. Danny gets a bowl and spoon f the cupboard.
4) 4) text: MR. NOONAN (0.s.) Well, he's not going to be a caddy all his life, is he?
5) 0) text: He swings nimbly to a downspout, hops to a tree branch, climbs through a weathered treehouse and slides down a rope to the ground. Then he jumps on a Sears ten speed bike and pedals away.
9) 2) text: Early morning mist rises from the golf course and shafts sunlight slant through the trees as we look at two figure standing on the tee five hundred yards away. One of the figures swings, a click is heard and ball sails into the air. It hangs for a long moment and drops right in the middle of the fairway, two hundred yards from the green. The golfer hands his club to his caddy and starts walking toward the ball. As they approach, we begin to see them more clearly. It i Danny, caddying for TY WEBB, a handsome, thirty-ish bache with clear eyes and an air of relaxed self control. His outfit is all soft flannel and cashmere. Everything about him tells us that he is the perfect golfer.
10) 0) text: A public transit bus stops across the street from the: ma entrance to the club. The route sign on the front of ‘the bus reads: FROM THE ClTY. The bus pulls away revealing a half dozen teenage CADDIES arriving for work. They cross the street, rollicking and punching at each other. A few Black and Latin Maids and Kitchen Helpers arrive with the
12) 0) text: Several caddies are lounging in the yard in front of the caddyshack -- a one-story white frame building with green tile roof and green shutters. Joey DB'Annunzio practices hook shots against a backboard attached to the wall.
14) 0) text: Danny approaches the practice tee and sees SAM RIVIERA, t club's golf pro, finishing a lesson with MR. & MRS. HAVER Sam is about forty, deeply tanned and dressed in pastel g sweater and slacks. The Havercamps are a cheerfully senil old couple, dressed in matching outfits, who keep gamely trying to hit their practice shots. They succeed only in gouging deep holes around their golf balls as they repeat swing and miss.
15) 0) text: The tennis courts are hidden behind dense bushes but the pock~pock of balls being hit can be heard as Danny saunte by. He nods casually to a pair of golfers as they pass, then as soon as they're gone, Danny ducks into the bushes
15) 43) dialog: «..So when Mona died suddenly last winter, I said to myself, 'Al, if you keep bustin' your hump sixteen, twenty hours a day, you're gonna wind up with a sixty million buck funeral for yourself.' He farts loudly; Danny can't believe it.
15) 44) dialog: Sorry -~ somebody step on a duck? The Fun Couples laugh.
15) 45) dialog: So I -- (catches Maggie's eye, grabbing her skirt) Hey, doll, could you scare up another round for our table -- and tell the cook this is low-grade dog food, okay? And happy birthday. He slips a twenty into Maggie's hand.
15) 47) dialog: (to Pun Couples) Gad, I've had better food at the ballgame. The Fun Couples break up again. Danny stares at Al, enjoy his outrageous antics.
15) 48) dialog: Anyway, sO now I just keep to real estate -~ I mean with the market these days, if you own anything but dirt, you own a popcorn fart. {notices Danny laughing behind him, slips him $5) Hey, junior, ask our waitress if she wants to get married.
15) 52) dialog: Ney, who's the mummy? (waves) Hiya. He pretends to blow his nose in his loud tie; Smails' jaw
16) 0) text: Members and guests drift into the wood-panelled lounge an ballroom area. A very boring, six~piece COMBO is playing a bad Beatle tune at half-speed.
16) 26) dialog: (laughs) Yeah, and it wasn't easy, either. The Audubon Society put me on their hit list. I was getting obscene phone calls from Marlin Perkins. We had to relocate every godamn last grouse, crow and chickadee to a kids' aviary next to the Woolco. You should see it.
17) 0) text: An explosion of sound rises, and a ball sails upward.
18) 0) text: A big yellow Cadillac convertible roars up to the clubhou entrance and lurches to a halt. The liccnse*plates read "“CZERNAK". Al Czernak gets out wearing a fluorescent pink shirt, ora slacks and red and white, two-tone shoes. A little Japane businessman, MR. YAMAMOTO, gets out the other side dresse in a business suit.
19) 0) text: The caddies are lazing around the fringes of the first te watching the Smails team greet Beeper and the Bishop. the golf shirt has a small white cross where the alligator sh
19) 12) dialog: He comes up the little hill to the first tee talking at t top of his lungs. Yamamoto tags along in a bizarrely un- coordinated golf outfit with price tags still attached to everything.
21) 0) text: Danny browses around an exclusive habadashery and stops to admire an elegant Ivy League suit on a mannequin. A SALESMAN apperas at his shoulder and notes Danny's fade jeans and battered jacket
22) 0) text: Danny comes out with several bags and boxes.
24) 0) text: Maggie lies seductively on the bed in her wmiform and whi shoes. Her room is simple but tidy and charming. Photos o home and family occupy places of honor atop her desk and dresser along with a major standing crucifix, a blow drye and a glass snowball souvenir from Disneyworld. Danny sits down on the bed and they kiss.
25) 0) text: A 62' Chevy stationwagon with rusting fake wood panelling is parked in the driveway. Church bells are ringing all around the neighborhood, All the Noonan kids come running out the side door of the house dressed for church. They pile into the wagon, fighting for good scats, jumping in and out of the windows like a barrel of monkeys.
28) 0) text: Danny exits the grungy Men's Room looking like the Prince of Whales in a blazer, white pants, shoes and ascot. He sports a whie yachting cap. He gives the amazed attendant a dollar and drives off.
29) 0) text: Danny enters a large beamed room decorated with real ship bulls, models and pennants. A local rock band is playing "More" amidst a crowd of madras and cranberry pants types Danny looks around uncomfortably.
29) 77) text: He can see Smails gesticulating wildly as his sloop slide into the water. CZERNAK (v.0.) (yelling orders) Hard right turn! All ahead all the engines! Go over there!
32) 0) text: It's a spacious main floor furnished with real baronial o expensive but depressing. A MAID goes to open the front d just as Judge Smails enters, still dripping wet and furio lie stalks down the hail muttering to himself. The maid f a step behind him, mopping up the wet footprints. He turn and goes upstairs. INT, UPSTAIRS HALI. Smails marches down the long hallway and barges through t door into his bedroom.
38) 0) text: A small gallery is watching Tony taking practice swings a fifteen yards from the green. A cigarette dangles neglige from his lips and he uses the nine iron like a Sicilian a uses a knife, A crude banner reads -- "35th ANNJAL CADDY
40) 0) text: TWO KIDS are pulling the arms of a Spiderman stretchable Other children are playing in the shallow end of the pool It's hot and the sun is beating down. A portable radio is playing classical music. YOUNG MOTHERS and a few old reti are sunning themselves on cushioned lounge chairs.
42) 0) text: All the water has been drained out of the pool. Mr. and M Smails are by the pool talking to a man in a white decont suit. Under his arm is his protective hood. Smails is mop his sweaty brow in shirtsleeves. A loud generator/oump is running attached to a hose.
45) 0) text: Danny carefully sets up two test tubes in a little plasti stand. Then he opens the white paper bag Maggie gave him and takes out a small Snack Shop drink cuv with a snap-on plastic lid. He opens the lid and makes a face as he pour some yellow fluid into the second test tube. Then he drop in a little tablet, looks at his clock and hides the whol thing behind the curtains on the windowsill.
46) 0) text: The paper streamer is covered with 637 dead flies. RADIO (v.0.) ...well, it's already ninety-nine degrees and climbing! Humidity eighty-seven percent with possible thunder showers in the afternoon. .
47) 0) text: Tony and Danny walk to a far corner of the yard, followed by the excited caddies.
47) 11) text: Tony and Danny are each carrying two bags in the muggy he Tony has a swollen lip and Danny has a black eye. The Bishop walks ahead, just out of earshot. Ne starts him.
49) 0) text: He enters, dripping wet, and sees his three-year-old sist Sally, playing with the pregnancy test on the windowsill. Sally has dropped bits of Play-Dough into the test tube a is now dripping her orange juice into it. She knocks over test tube. Danny sees what's happening and tosses Sally o the bed.
50) 0) text: The whole family is at the table cating, but a real gloom hangs over the scene. Danny can't even look at his father LINOUVTALLIGE COG CONTINUED — 96
51) 0) text: A wedding reception is being held at the Club. The grounds are attractively lit, a large white tent has been set up on the lawn with bar and buffet. An orchestra plays lovely music for two hundred guests in formal attir The Club never looked more beautiful.
55) 0) text: Tony whips off an exit ramp and onto a city street that l like the Allies recently bombed it. Steam rises from the manhole covers into the hottest, muggiest night of the ye The streets are lined with tenement dwellers fanning them on curbs and stoops. The car radio plays pure punk rock.
57) 0) text: Spaulding is guzzling the dregs of half-finished cocktail looking drunk. He downs half a martini, then looks in the glass, fishes out a wet cigarette butt and turns green. He runs off with his hand over his mouth.
61) 0) text: Maggie walks a few steps to a bathroom door, opens it and goes in. A few moments pass, then from behind the closed door a delighted whoop is heard.
63) 0) text: A ship's horn blows as Danny, Tony, Angie and Joey walk s past a big freighter silhouetted against the night sky.
64) 0) text: Two workmen close the back of a truck and walk away.
66) 0) text: Everybody's serunched under the dash as the light beams r the interior. They can barely stifle their hysterical lau
72) 0) text: Czernak's ball plops into the water. A turtle dives in af it.
75) 0) text: The FUN COUPLES are playing and drinking mixed doubles as Smoke and Sam go by calling to them. The FUN COUPLES toss down their racquets and sprint after them.
76) 72) text: Danny hitting every conceivable kind of great golf shot, walking through beautiful landscapes with a really winnin musical theme and growing gallery of excited spectators.
76) 146) text: He smiles and waves back. Then he takes some balls from h and begins practising putts in his usual solitary manner. Lacey Walks up and slips her arm through his.