3) 0) text: MRS. NOONAN is busy making fried egg sandwiches. A crying four year old clings to her apron while other kids pillag the refrigerator, spill milk and orange juice, and slop cereal into bowls. The dog is barking, the phone is ringi and the radio plays loudly. Danny gets a bowl and spoon f the cupboard.
12) 0) text: Several caddies are lounging in the yard in front of the caddyshack -- a one-story white frame building with green tile roof and green shutters. Joey DB'Annunzio practices hook shots against a backboard attached to the wall.
13) 0) text: More caddies are lounging on benches, playing cards, etc. Danny enters and goes to the window of the caddymaster's office. Tony D'’Annunzio is in the office.
13) 28) dialog: What™s the sign say?
13) 30) dialog: What's it mean?
13) 35) dialog: You owe me one gumball machine. Now clean up that mess, (Angie starts to protest) Now! {turning to Danny and Tony) What is this? I count on you guys to keep these monkeys in line. (squinting at Joey) What's that candy wrapper doing there? (Joey looks down) Don't you see it? Well, pick it up! Joey picks it up. Lou addresses all the caddies.
13) 36) dialog: {turning to cowed caddics) Now, I'm not going to have any trouble from you guys this summer-. I'll put it right on the line -- there's been a lot of complaints already -- fooling around on the course. Bad language. Smoking grass. Poor caddying. (the caddies hang their heads in mock shame) So if you want to get fired, just keep it up. Somebody belches. Lou turns to Jocy, hands him a kleenex for his blecdy nose.
13) 37) dialog: And another thing. If any of you are thinking of going to college-- Noonan, you may want to listen to this -- Carl Lipbaum died last week in summer school from a severe anxiety attack. The caddies mutter in surprise and sympathy.
13) 41) dialog: However it happened, he was a good eaddy and a good kid.
13) 43) dialog: Anyway, that means the caddy scholar- ship is available -- and anyone who wants it should go see Judge Smails.
13) 45) dialog: That would help. Now let's go. We got golfers waiting. The caddies start to file out the door.
13) 46) dialog: You, Joey! Pick up that blcod.
16) 0) text: Members and guests drift into the wood-panelled lounge an ballroom area. A very boring, six~piece COMBO is playing a bad Beatle tune at half-speed.
18) 27) dialog: Okay, Smails, Smails, Beeper and Bishop Pickering. Who wants it? The caddies hoot derisively.
19) 23) dialog: (checking them off the start board) Scott, Gatsby, and guests. (to the caddies) Joey, get the big mouth -- Grace, take the little guy -- Tony, you got Scott and Gatsby.
37) 33) dialog: (kindly) You're a good egg, Noonan. She needs you. (pauses) Pick up that Kleenex.
40) 0) text: TWO KIDS are pulling the arms of a Spiderman stretchable Other children are playing in the shallow end of the pool It's hot and the sun is beating down. A portable radio is playing classical music. YOUNG MOTHERS and a few old reti are sunning themselves on cushioned lounge chairs.
42) 0) text: All the water has been drained out of the pool. Mr. and M Smails are by the pool talking to a man in a white decont suit. Under his arm is his protective hood. Smails is mop his sweaty brow in shirtsleeves. A loud generator/oump is running attached to a hose.
46) 22) dialog: Noonan, D'Annunzio, you got the Bishop and the Havercamps. Move it! They're waiting.
47) 10) dialog: Hey!
71) 9) dialog: Ne nods curtly to everyone and clears his throat.
71) 10) dialog: Gentlemen, we all know this is illegal and against club practice, and i'd like to ask at this time do you gentlemen agree to waive all sanction against said referee or anything that might get me fired?
71) 12) dialog: (ods) Fine. The match is for twenty thousand dollars each, lowest individual score wins the hole in regulation match play. Cholding up fist) I have a number of tees in my hand | -- Your Honor, odd or even?
71) 16) dialog: Clooks) Odd it is. Your Honor, your honor. Smails blinks at Lou and tees up.
73) 0) text: GRACE is sitting by Lou's phone as MOTORMOUTH and GOOFY w She's writing a letter.
76) 46) dialog: That's right, your honor -- unless you want to allow him a substitute.
76) 126) dialog: He nods officially.
76) 127) dialog: It's a birdie. A great cheer goes up from the crowd.