1) 1) dialog: She stands at the foot of the stairs calling up to the ga of kids. She's a plump, cheerful woman with a helpful, supportive manner. The family COLLIE runs up the stairs still BARKING.
1) 2) dialog: {calling out) Up, up, up! Andy? Billy? I'm not hearing any movement up there! Make sure Danny's up, please, Uppie- uppie everybody!
3) 0) text: MRS. NOONAN is busy making fried egg sandwiches. A crying four year old clings to her apron while other kids pillag the refrigerator, spill milk and orange juice, and slop cereal into bowls. The dog is barking, the phone is ringi and the radio plays loudly. Danny gets a bowl and spoon f the cupboard.
3) 4) dialog: -- aS soon as you guys get back from Little League, maybe we can get some painting done on the house. Thirteen year old SAM runs in and grabs a sandwich.
3) 6) dialog: Hooray for the Douglases. A baby in a high chair throws a cup.
3) 7) dialog: Dory! Bad girl! (to the crying four year old) Sally, honey, you don't have to be up yet. Go back to bed. Danny grabs the Cheerios and is almost out the door.
3) 10) dialog: It's a fine college and you know it.
3) 20) dialog: Maybe you should call the St. Copius scholarship people. They should've let you know by now. Sally, honey, don't put eggs in your hair.
3) 22) dialog: Well, the Mazenak boy went to St. Copious and he had a marvelous time.
4) 0) text: He can hear his parents arguing as he rummages in his clo MRS. NOONAN (0.s.)} He's not going to work in the lumber- yard! Danny grabs a faded windbreaker and a letter drops out of pocket. He reads it with a grim expression.
16) 66) dialog: They're doing an arthritic fox trot near the bandstand. Czernak bumps into them and lifts his glass in a friendly toast, spilling half his drink on the floor. Mrs. Smails glares at him as Czernak mounts the bandstand.
26) 1) dialog: Danny, don't drive so fast, dear. Andy, honey, don't pick that. It'll fall off by itself.
26) 3) dialog: (to Danny) It wouldn't kill you to go to Mass, you know.
26) 5) dialog: Yeah -- I bet!
26) 7) dialog: ~-going to a party at the Yacht Club. i know. Hooray for you. Remind your father to pick us up after Mass, all right?
26) 9) dialog: (getting out) And you'll still forget. She closes the door and Nanny peels away.
29) 14) dialog: walks by and stops.
29) 61) dialog: She blows her whistle and beckons the guests to gather on floating docks near the sloop.
29) 62) dialog: All right, everybody! It's time! She takes a champagne bottle as the Judge prepares a litt speech from the boat. Polite applause.
50) 3) dialog: You're talking to him, stupid.
50) 5) dialog: You are a stupid! Mr. Noonan pounds his fist on the table, accidentally fli his plate on the floor. The YOUNGEST DAUGHTER begins to c DANNY throws his dishes to the floor and stands.