15) 32) dialog: I think our community has a lot to offer, Connie -- really. Danny has worked his way around to Lacey and is loading u her plate with butter -- about a pound of it.
16) 67) dialog: (to the Judge) Who is that disgusting man?
29) 8) dialog: She stands in front of the band, shushing them. She blows a gold bosun's pipe strung around her neck.
29) 9) dialog: All right, children, we're launching the sloop now -~ you can shake your booties down on the dock. The young people groan.
29) 10) dialog: Go on, scamper! (claps hands)
29) 15) dialog: My, what a nice-looking young man! You're from Bushwood, aren't you?
29) 21) dialog: Oh yes, the boy who wants to be in the Senate. Too bad more of your generation don't follow your example, young man -- (to Spaulding) You look like boogies! Now scamper! They leave. Danny stands there for an uncomfortable momen with Mrs. Smails.
29) 23) dialog: You are a nice young man! Danny pulls his cap even lower over his eyes and starts t walk out with her. Judge Smails appears dressed just like Danny. CHUCK SHICK, an athletic young man, is with him.
29) 74) dialog: I hereby christen thee 'The Bluebird.' She smashes her champagne bottle down. and breaks the bow off the boat without breaking the bottle. The boat begins slide into the water.
34) 4) dialog: Elihu? Will you loofah my stretchmarks? Danny does a croupy imitation of the Judge.
34) 6) dialog: In the shower, wearing goggles, funny shower cap and faci mud pie. She realizes something is wrong and slides open the shower door, revealing...
41) 0) text: The door flies open and Mrs. Smails marches out. IN THE POOL the caddies are doing a wild parody of a wate
41) 5) dialog: She storms right up to the pool and starts yelling at the
41) 7) dialog: (shouts) Stop that! You two! All of you! I want you out of that pool. Joey and Grace freeze, After Mrs. Smails passes, Joey mak a face behind her back, snatches the unwrapped Baby Ruth Grace and tosses it into the pool.
41) 8) dialog: She shouts at the caddies, but they are slow to respond. LIFEGUARD joins her, trying to look effective. A little g SCREAM causes them both to turn at once.
41) 11) dialog: She's rushing around at poolside.
41) 12) dialog: Oh my God! Don't touch it!