9) 2) text: Early morning mist rises from the golf course and shafts sunlight slant through the trees as we look at two figure standing on the tee five hundred yards away. One of the figures swings, a click is heard and ball sails into the air. It hangs for a long moment and drops right in the middle of the fairway, two hundred yards from the green. The golfer hands his club to his caddy and starts walking toward the ball. As they approach, we begin to see them more clearly. It i Danny, caddying for TY WEBB, a handsome, thirty-ish bache with clear eyes and an air of relaxed self control. His outfit is all soft flannel and cashmere. Everything about him tells us that he is the perfect golfer.
9) 3) dialog: They walk along in quiet conversation. Danny tries hard t match Ty's easy, elegant stride.
9) 30) dialog: Danny stands there amazed. Ty starts blindfolding him.
10) 0) text: A public transit bus stops across the street from the: ma entrance to the club. The route sign on the front of ‘the bus reads: FROM THE ClTY. The bus pulls away revealing a half dozen teenage CADDIES arriving for work. They cross the street, rollicking and punching at each other. A few Black and Latin Maids and Kitchen Helpers arrive with the
11) 0) text: The caddies come up the driveway. Leading the group is TONY D'ANNUNZIO, nineteen, a tough-looking, inner-city kid with disco haircut and a cigarette dangling negligent from his lips. With him are his brothers -~ ANGIE, a mild-mannered, dopily smiling seventeen year old and JOEY, fourteen, Bushwood's newest caddy, tough like Tony, but cuter.
13) 58) dialog: He's sitting behind another row of lockers listening to t joke as he ties his shoes, SMAILS {v.0.) Heaven? What do you mean heaven?
14) 0) text: Danny approaches the practice tee and sees SAM RIVIERA, t club's golf pro, finishing a lesson with MR. & MRS. HAVER Sam is about forty, deeply tanned and dressed in pastel g sweater and slacks. The Havercamps are a cheerfully senil old couple, dressed in matching outfits, who keep gamely trying to hit their practice shots. They succeed only in gouging deep holes around their golf balls as they repeat swing and miss.
16) 17) dialog: He wanders into the ballroom looking very suave in his hand-tailored evening wear. He lights a cigarette and leans against the wall as he surveys the action in the ballroom.
16) 89) dialog: They stroll out of the ballroom arm in arm.
23) 0) text: The two-story converted stable has the feeling of an 18th Century English farm -- grasscutting equipment, gardening tools and piles of mulch litter the courtyard. A potting shed is just opposite.
29) 0) text: Danny enters a large beamed room decorated with real ship bulls, models and pennants. A local rock band is playing "More" amidst a crowd of madras and cranberry pants types Danny looks around uncomfortably.
42) 0) text: All the water has been drained out of the pool. Mr. and M Smails are by the pool talking to a man in a white decont suit. Under his arm is his protective hood. Smails is mop his sweaty brow in shirtsleeves. A loud generator/oump is running attached to a hose.
46) 0) text: The paper streamer is covered with 637 dead flies. RADIO (v.0.) ...well, it's already ninety-nine degrees and climbing! Humidity eighty-seven percent with possible thunder showers in the afternoon. .
55) 0) text: Tony whips off an exit ramp and onto a city street that l like the Allies recently bombed it. Steam rises from the manhole covers into the hottest, muggiest night of the ye The streets are lined with tenement dwellers fanning them on curbs and stoops. The car radio plays pure punk rock.
56) 0) text: Ty and Lacey are sitting one out together.
57) 17) dialog: They're dancing close. They kiss. A loud CRASH and a SCRE send them rushing back inside.
58) 0) text: Czernak and Smails are being pulled apart by MEMBERS near an overturned table as TY rushes into the middle of the fight.
59) 0) text: The office is an intimate wood-and-leather sanctum decora entirely in golf motifs. Ty stands between the antagonist Beeper and RICHARD RICHARDS, the Club Manager, are there backing up Smails.
59) 13) dialog: Smails puts his head close to Ty's.
60) 5) dialog: They stand with the guests who have formed a circle aroun the helicopter.
75) 14) dialog: They exchange doubtful looks.
76) 89) dialog: Me winning isn't - you do.
76) 142) dialog: He shakes hands with Scott and a couple of. stragglers an watches the crowd recede, disapponted in himself.