8) 0) text: In shallow water, a catfish swims. The water EXPLODES. Standing out in the lake, wearing big hip-waders, HUB and GARTH fire shotguns down into the water. KA-BOOM!
10) 0) text: Mae STARTS THE ENGINE. Beside the car, Walter stands miserable, shoulders slumped, a shoddy bag at his feet.
12) 0) text: The uncles sit, sipping huge glasses of what may be iced tea; beside them, two shotguns stand ready, close at hand Sitting on the porch steps, Walter wonders: they seem to be waiting for something... Finally, he SIGHS.
18) 0) text: Walter skulks up, looks in: at the table, Garth works on huge stacks of mail. Garth stands, walks out.
54) 0) text: Uncles, relatives, and hoods madly tear out of the house, trailing guns and ammunition, sprint toward the cornfield Hub and Garth freeze: in the distance, the lion pins Walt on the ground. Helen SCREAMS. Hub aims.
61) 0) text: Hub stands at the shoreline, looking out over the water Walter appears, followed by dogs and pig. Walter stretche way, way up, and drapes the blanket over Hub's shoulders. Walter paces, deeply troubled. The animals wonder what's going on. Walter has to talk to Hub, he just has to.... (CONTINUED)
63) 4) dialog: Walter! Heard a lot about you!
63) 6) dialog: OK. Walt it is. Walter sizes up Stan: a bad comb-over, but he seems friendly enough. Mae hears the uncles' SNORING.
63) 11) dialog: Sure. You want to see my badge? Walter nods. Stan flips open a badge billfold: Walter tries to look closer, but Stan flips it closed.
63) 16) dialog: Walt. Your uncles match the description of two bank robbers from the 20's and 30's.
63) 18) dialog: When Mae told me about them, I got copies of the reports and showed them to her. (CONTINUED)
63) 24) dialog: They used shotguns, wore disguises...
63) 26) dialog: Come to think of it, I believe they did wear Santa Claus suits... Walter trembles. And remains silent. STAN (Cont'd) They stole all that money and shot people. Innocent people.
63) 30) dialog: Jasmine...! Wasn't that the name of the woman that drove their getaway car? I think it was, yeah. She was wounded, and they both ran off and left her to die. Walter's breath is knocked out of him; he GASPS. STAN (Cont'd) I know this hurts. But they're criminals and they lied to you. Walter starts to CRY. Mae clutches him to her chest.
63) 35) dialog: It's stolen, it doesn't belong to them. Bet it's buried outside, isn't it? Caught off guard, Walter almost nods, catches himself.
63) 38) dialog: Walt, let's take a walk. You can show us around the place. At the door, Stan and Mae wait for Walter expectantly; dazed, he joins them.
64) 0) text: In the eerie, shimmering mists of pre-dawn, Stan shines the light around, watches Walter closely for a reaction: as the beam hits the barn, Walter's eyes widen. They walk toward the barn: Stan uses the flashlight and Walter reactions as a divining rod.
64) 1) dialog: Now Walter. Your mother and I found this nice house, just like you always wanted. But we don't have enough for a down payment. We could turn your uncles in for the reward, but they'd go to jail... He sees Walter shakes even more as they near the barn. STAN (Cont'd) I know you wouldn't like that. So we thought: with all the money your uncles have, they'd never miss it if we took some. Especially since we're doing them such a big favor by keeping our mouths shut. (CONTINUED)
64) 5) dialog: Nobody gets hurt, and we get a nice home and family. See?
64) 7) dialog: C'mon! They're old, they're gonna die soon anyway. You want the government to get it all?
64) 18) dialog: Walter, you don't believe that!
64) 24) dialog: Mae, go inside and let us men talk. Man to man. Walter look troubled at this. So does Mae.
64) 26) dialog: Go on Mae. We'll be right in. Mae bites her lip anxiously, then nods, walks off. Stan takes Walter by the arm, pulls him into the barn. WHITE Revision - 8/25/02 83. 130
65) 2) dialog: Now. Let's me and you get a few things straight: you and me can be friends. Or we can be enemies. The old Walter would have cringed, maybe started crying. But this Walter glares right back STAN (Cont'd) I've had a run of crummy luck lately, and some bad people are looking to make things tough for me. I need that money, I know it's real close, and I'll be damned if some little brat is gonna stand in my way! Walter glares back at Stan with Hub-like murderous fury. STAN (Cont'd) So. Are we friends? Or enemies? Walter smiles. A very cold smile. A very Hub smile. Somewhere, far off, Arabic music PLAYS.
65) 4) dialog: Huh? Walter kicks the crouching Stan right in the crotch: THUD STAN (Cont'd)
66) 0) text: Walter runs, looks back: Stan gains on him. Walter darts toward the cornfield; but Stan tackles him. Stan pins Walter to the ground, SLAPS him hard. Walter SCREAMS. Stan puts his hand over Walter's mouth. Beyond the struggle looms the cornfield. SLAP.
67) 1) dialog: Stan freezes: what was that? Then, behind him, impossibly fast, comes a speeding lion freight train. The lion SLAMS into Stan, both fly off Walter. GRROWWLL!
67) 2) text: Dazed, Walter sits up: what happened? He sees a lion furiously attacking Stan with everything its got. A lion in its prime... A real lion. GRROOWWLL!
70) 0) text: Hub, Garth, and Mae run up, see the lion sprawled atop Stan, both lie still. Walter picks up the lion's head.
72) 0) text: Forlorn, Walter waits on the front porch, surrounded by dogs and the pig, all in the same mournful mood. Mae's Cadillac pulls up, with a bandaged Stan the front- seat passenger. Mae exits, approaches:
73) 0) text: Stan is a mummy, immobilized in bandages head to toe. His eyes widen in alarm as he sees Hub and Garth approach
73) 2) dialog: Mmmm! = Mmmm-MMMM !
74) 0) text: Walter looks around his tower room for the last time. Outside the window, Mae sees the uncles lecture to Stan with a lot of descriptive hand-and-arm motions.
81) 0) text: Walter rolls to a stop, jumps to his feet, scuffed but unhurt. He runs up a small rise overlooking the road. Below, the Caddy backs into frame, BRAKES hard, SLAMMING Stan backward: he YELPS.
82) 0) text: Stan lays askew, face SMUSHED into the windshield; he GROANS. He strains to look, sees Walter and Mae talking. Then, both hug, crying. He wonders: what the hell? WHITE Revision - 8/25/02 92. 149 150