19) 8) text: James quickly realizes what they've done. He lunges for t gun, but Divinci picks it up quickly with a pencil throug the trigger guard. James glares at them with murderous in
39) 0) text: ROWS of seats face a small platform. The LINEUP WALL is  striped with horizontal lines with HEIGHT NUMBERS. The  brightly lighted lineup is separated from the gallery, wh is in the dark. UNIFORMED GUARDS are on hand to make sure there is no  discussion, verbal or otherwise, between accused and witn SIX MEN file onto the platform. All shady characters.
39) 8) text: Divinci is caught a little of guard -- he didn't expect a private conversation, nor does he want one for fear of it looking like he's coaching her.
39) 18) text: Divinci is losing his patience. He doesn't want to blow t whole thing now, not in front of guards and police person The Guards are beginning to wonder what the hell's going So are the MEN in the line.
42) 0) text: A GUARD leads a MAN in a dark suit and striped tie down t corridor. He carries a briefcase. Short hair and a beard wire-rimmed glasses. His name is ELLIOT GOFF.
42) 1) dialog: Word is he killed a DEA undercover... (no response) Word is he shot him in the face... (no response) Word is he signed a confession.
42) 3) text: They stop at the cell block door. The guard unlocks the d INSIDE THE CELL we can see Joe on the floor in fetal posi Shaking from lack of alcohol.
45) 6) text: A YOUNG MAN, looking very upset, enters the courtroom, sh i.d. to a GUARD, then makes his way down the aisle. He tr his best to be quiet, not to interrupt Helen's statement.
48) 0) text: Elliot is waiting, sitting at a table, staring at papers his open briefcase. Door opens and a GUARD leads Joe into the room. Joe looks better, for the first time. His hair combed. And he's clean. He wears jail blues. But he is a  little gaunt. And tired. Elliot stands. The guard shuts t door, leaving them alone.
49) 28) text: Clyde grabs for the gun as the bailiff and guards grab fo Clyde. Clyde turns and decks the bailiff and all hell bre lose.
62) 0) text: Elliot is waiting. The guard opens the door and Joe enter Joe is looking better. Getting him off booze has helped  immensely.
68) 8) text: Divinci is caught off guard.
70) 0) text: Door opens. Joe is lead into the room by the JAIL GUARD. looks even better now. His stay in jail has broken his  dependency on alcohol. His hair is clean and combed. And  he's not as depressed. He stops upon seeing Elliot and Ar at the table. Both men stand. The guard shuts the door. A looks at Joe for a moment, then says --
74) 0) text: Joe (William) is lead into the courtroom by GUARDS. Takes his place at the DEFENSE TABLE which includes Elliot and YOUNG ATTORNEYS. The PROSECUTION TABLE, which includes Ri Stein and Helen is going over last minute minutia. PEOPLE are taking seats in the gallery. But another attor joins the Defense table. It's Arthur Baylor. And Richard  Stein double-takes when he sees him.
77) 5) dialog: Time to go.
78) 0) text: Joe is lead down the hall by TWO GUARDS, past rows of cel filled with other PRISONERS --
103) 0) text: Cynthia is alone in her cell. We HEAR footsteps. She look up as the GUARD approaches.
103) 1) dialog: Your attorney's here.
104) 0) text: Cynthia enters the office. The Guard shuts the door. Cynt finds herself facing Arthur Baylor. A tape recorder on th table in front of him.
105) 0) text: Cynthia is lead down the hall by GUARDS. They enter an of
106) 0) text: Agents Simms, Hooker, Sarkasian and TWO TECHNICIANS are  waiting inside with Arthur. Cynthia is lead into the room The guards withdraw, closing the door. Cynthia looks at the men, then at the TAPE RECORDING EQUI on the table and the empty chair. A MICROPHONE is waiting Cynthia looks at Arthur, then sits down in the chair.