45) 0) text: Court is in session. Old metropolitan courthouse. The  PROSECUTOR and his TEAM are at one table. The DEFENSE ATT and his CLIENT are at the other. The Prosecutor is a woman. Her name is HELEN EDEN. She is thirty-nine. She wears a business suit. RICHARD STEIN is second in command. Richard is thirty-three. The DEFENSE ATTORNEY is fifty and a little on the portly  side. His name is JOHN OBLINGER. But it's the DEFENDANT that really attracts our attention His name is CLYDE D. DUNNER. He's done his best to look l a law abiding citizen, but no matter what kind of clothes wears or how he slicks down his long hair or trims his  mustache, this sonuvabitch looks like he'd kill for a nic He's on trial for murder. In the first. What a surprise. We are in the midst of opening statements. And Helen is  keeping the JURY riveted. The presiding Judge is a WOMAN, JUDGE WEINBERG.
45) 1) dialog: -- when the defendant, Clyde Dunner,  entered the house of George and Carol  Beaman on Friday night, a .44 caliber  pistol in his hand. He entered the  house with one thing in mind. To  kill George and Carol, the people he  blamed for the break up of his  marriage to Carol's sister, Paula.
45) 3) dialog: George and Carol were watching a  movie when he entered the living  room and opened fire. George was  killed instantly, hit in the face.  Carol died later of three bullet  wounds to her chest.
45) 4) text: John Oblinger, his attorney, catches Clyde's murderous lo and instructs him, with a point of his hand, to pay atten to Helen. Clyde reluctantly turns his gaze from Divinci.
45) 5) dialog: Then the defendant, in his effort to  cover up the crime, doused them with  lighter fluid and set the house on  fire... Carol was still alive.
45) 6) text: A YOUNG MAN, looking very upset, enters the courtroom, sh i.d. to a GUARD, then makes his way down the aisle. He tr his best to be quiet, not to interrupt Helen's statement.
45) 7) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury we  will prove to you, beyond any  reasonable doubt, that the defendant,  Clyde David Dunner, is guilty of two  counts of murder in the first degree.
45) 8) text: Helen looks at the jury for a beat, then returns to her t
45) 10) text: John Oblinger stands to present his side of the case. But our attention stays with Helen as she approaches the tabl to find her team in an upset. Their conversation is a ten whisper.
45) 15) dialog: What's wrong?
45) 17) dialog: What're you talking about?
45) 20) dialog: (no whisper this time) What?!
46) 0) text: Rodriguez, Divinci, Richard Stein, the young man and Hele Helen is furious.
46) 1) dialog: -- I don't have a goddamn case without  the goddamn gun. His fingerprints,  the ballistics, everything! I have  to have the fucking gun or he's gonna  walk. That murdering piece of filth  will go free without the .44. How  could they lose it?!
49) 0) text: The trial of Clyde D. Dunner in progress. Prosecution tea at their table. Defense team at their table. JUDGE WEINBE at the bench. Divinci on the stand. Clyde glaring at him. And Jury listening to Helen on the floor, prosecuting wit vigor.
49) 1) dialog: -- and when you approached the suspect  in his apartment, did you identify  yourself as a police officer?
49) 3) dialog: Did the suspect respond?
49) 5) dialog: In what way?
49) 7) dialog: The Defendant fired six times, until  his gun was empty. We would like to  show you the weapon he used.
49) 8) text: Helen crosses to the prosecution table, picks up the .44. She holds it up for the jury to see.
49) 9) dialog: And we would like to enter it into  court records. It was the same Smith  and Wesson revolver he used to  viciously murder George and Carol  Beaman.
49) 12) dialog: The prosecution would like to call  Mr. Steven J. Allen to the stand.
49) 15) dialog: Mr. Allen, would tell the court what  you do.
49) 17) text: Clyde's attention is on Helen's LEGS. He's bored by the  proceedings, but something suddenly strikes him. He looks
49) 21) text: All attention turns to Clyde. His attorney, the judge, th jury, Helen, everybody is surprised by the sudden stateme
49) 26) text: And Clyde is moving toward the gun. And the Bailiff and G are moving toward Clyde. And Helen is moving out of the w And the Judge is standing, banging her gavel. And the jur is scared.
52) 0) text: Joe's preliminary trial. Joe is seated at the defense tab with Elliot. ANOTHER JUDGE, JUDGE HAROLD PINE, is behind bench. No jury. This is a preliminary hearing to determin if there's enough evidence for Joe to stand trail. Elliot shuffling papers in preparation for his opening. And at the prosecution table is a very tired Helen. She l completely pissed off and worn out. In no mood for anythi to go wrong.
52) 4) text: Helen gives Elliot a look. She doesn't need this.
52) 10) dialog: Your honor, can we have a moment?
52) 12) text: Helen and Elliot cross to the bench.
52) 13) dialog: Your honor, my colleague's client  admits to the killing. I don't see  any reason to go through a trial  when it's obvious he would like to  plead guilty.
52) 15) dialog: If he wants to plead guilty, you  have to let him plead guilty.
52) 17) dialog: Come on, Elliot!
52) 24) text: Helen's look turns icy.
54) 0) text: The Dunner trial. The JURY is back. Helen, Judge Weinberg Clyde D. Dunner (who now sports a couple bandages to his  head), his attorney John Oblinger -- they're all waiting the verdict.
54) 5) text: Helen closes her eyes in defeat. Clyde smiles.
71) 1) dialog: What are you telling me?!
71) 2) text: Richard Stein is facing a not very happy Helen. She is se behind her desk stacked high with case files.
71) 3) dialog: She missed the appointment? She forget  you were coming? What?!
71) 5) dialog: She split, our witness split... Can't  we keep our evidence and witnesses  from disappearing around here? I  mean what do I have to do, lock them  in the trunk of my car? What the  fuck is going on?! I want that bitch  back here and on the stand or in  jail!
74) 0) text: Joe (William) is lead into the courtroom by GUARDS. Takes his place at the DEFENSE TABLE which includes Elliot and YOUNG ATTORNEYS. The PROSECUTION TABLE, which includes Ri Stein and Helen is going over last minute minutia. PEOPLE are taking seats in the gallery. But another attor joins the Defense table. It's Arthur Baylor. And Richard  Stein double-takes when he sees him.
74) 3) text: Helen turns.
74) 4) dialog: Yes.
74) 7) text: Arthur takes a seat at the defense table and glances acro at Helen and Richard and nods. Helen and Richard are stun
74) 8) dialog: What the hell?
74) 22) dialog: I don't... believe so, your honor.
79) 5) dialog: -- when he pulled this gun and fired  at the driver of the car. Killing  him instantly. Let the record show  that this is the weapon used in the  crime, a Smith and Wesson forty-four  caliber handgun.
80) 4) dialog: And when you arrested the defendant,  did he deny that he had killed Agent  Hudd.
80) 6) dialog: Can you describe the defendant's  condition at the time of his arrest.
80) 8) dialog: We have the blood test report that  shows -- (picks up report) -- that he had four times the legal  limit to drive. The people would  like to enter this into evidence.
82) 0) text: Helen and Richard Stein are working late. Over take-out  Chinese.
82) 4) text: Richard is surprised. He turns to Helen.
82) 6) dialog: Where?
82) 8) dialog: When?
82) 10) dialog: Well who the hell was that?
82) 12) text: Richard hangs up the receiver. He and Helen exchange a lo
82) 13) dialog: What the fuck is going on?!
83) 1) dialog: Your honor, the people call Ms.  Cynthia Webb to the stand.
83) 16) dialog: Please state your name for the court.
83) 18) dialog: Do you see the man that you identified  in a police line-up in this room.
83) 20) dialog: Is it the defendant, Mr. McCall?
83) 23) dialog: Please describe what you saw the  night of September 14th.
85) 0) text: Cynthia is looking at Helen.
85) 1) dialog: And you're positive the man you saw  with the gun is the defendant.
85) 4) dialog: No further questions.
85) 15) dialog: Objection. The witness has already  answered that question.
85) 42) dialog: Objection. Your honor, I don't see a  point to this line of questioning.
85) 72) dialog: Objection. Defense is trying to  confuse the witness.
85) 75) dialog: Objection!
85) 82) text: Helen and Richard Stein are stunned yet again.
85) 83) dialog: (to herself) Oh shit.