45) 0) text: Court is in session. Old metropolitan courthouse. The  PROSECUTOR and his TEAM are at one table. The DEFENSE ATT and his CLIENT are at the other. The Prosecutor is a woman. Her name is HELEN EDEN. She is thirty-nine. She wears a business suit. RICHARD STEIN is second in command. Richard is thirty-three. The DEFENSE ATTORNEY is fifty and a little on the portly  side. His name is JOHN OBLINGER. But it's the DEFENDANT that really attracts our attention His name is CLYDE D. DUNNER. He's done his best to look l a law abiding citizen, but no matter what kind of clothes wears or how he slicks down his long hair or trims his  mustache, this sonuvabitch looks like he'd kill for a nic He's on trial for murder. In the first. What a surprise. We are in the midst of opening statements. And Helen is  keeping the JURY riveted. The presiding Judge is a WOMAN, JUDGE WEINBERG.
45) 21) text: A pause in the court. The judge taps his gavel in anger a we --
49) 0) text: The trial of Clyde D. Dunner in progress. Prosecution tea at their table. Defense team at their table. JUDGE WEINBE at the bench. Divinci on the stand. Clyde glaring at him. And Jury listening to Helen on the floor, prosecuting wit vigor.
49) 21) text: All attention turns to Clyde. His attorney, the judge, th jury, Helen, everybody is surprised by the sudden stateme
49) 24) text: The Judge taps her gavel. John Oblinger puts a hand on Cl arm. Clyde pulls it away. And now things happen very fast
49) 26) text: And Clyde is moving toward the gun. And the Bailiff and G are moving toward Clyde. And Helen is moving out of the w And the Judge is standing, banging her gavel. And the jur is scared.
52) 0) text: Joe's preliminary trial. Joe is seated at the defense tab with Elliot. ANOTHER JUDGE, JUDGE HAROLD PINE, is behind bench. No jury. This is a preliminary hearing to determin if there's enough evidence for Joe to stand trail. Elliot shuffling papers in preparation for his opening. And at the prosecution table is a very tired Helen. She l completely pissed off and worn out. In no mood for anythi to go wrong.
52) 1) dialog: Whenever you're ready.
52) 11) dialog: Council may approach the bench.
52) 19) dialog: Have you had a psychiatrist look at  him?
52) 21) text: The judge hesitates, then looks at Joe. Joe is staring at him.
52) 22) dialog: I'll review the findings and make my  decision tomorrow.
54) 0) text: The Dunner trial. The JURY is back. Helen, Judge Weinberg Clyde D. Dunner (who now sports a couple bandages to his  head), his attorney John Oblinger -- they're all waiting the verdict.
54) 3) dialog: What is your verdict?
74) 10) text: Everyone rises as JUDGE HAROLD PINE enters. In black robe Taking his place behind the bench. He sits.
74) 12) text: Everyone sits. And even Judge Harold Pine double-takes wh he sees Arthur Baylor at the Defense table.
74) 14) dialog: Before we proceed, I'd like to ask  the Defense if there's anything this  court should be made aware of.
74) 19) dialog: How long do you need.
74) 21) dialog: Any objection to a week's continuance  by the State?
74) 23) dialog: Then I grant a one week continuance.  We will start the proceedings next  Monday morning.
74) 24) text: Judge Harold Pine taps his gavel.
85) 16) dialog: Sustained.
85) 19) dialog: Ms. Webb, do you understand the  consequences of perjury?
85) 21) dialog: Let's get on with it then.
85) 43) dialog: Is there a point?
85) 45) dialog: Try to get there as quickly as  possible.
85) 91) dialog: Answer the questions, Ms. Webb or  I'll be forced to cite you for  contempt.
85) 92) text: Cynthia looks up at the judge. She's not talking.