10) 33) dialog: Keepin' some late hours.
10) 36) dialog: I apologize. I understand your  concerns. But you must understand  that, unlike a bank, I cannot rely  on a late fee as sufficient  encouragement to repay one's debts.  I am forced to employ the likes of  Mr. Cutless Supreme, whom I might  add, contributes significantly to my  overhead. I am the real loser here.  And I am concerned about your  sincerity in repaying the twenty- seven thousand, nine hundred forty- two dollar gambling debt that is one  week past due. What can you do to  reassure me of your good intentions?
10) 38) dialog: Look at me. Do I have a wife and  three kids? Do I have a good job at  IBM? Am I a handsome guy? No, no and  no. I loan money at excessively high  interest rates to pricks like you  who can't control their urges to  lose big money playing cards and  then I am forced to stay up all night  trying to convince them that I have  needs, too. The point of which is, I  already have a fuckin' miserable  life. So don't threaten me you lousy  bag of cat shit.
10) 39) text: Rodriguez steps toward Vic, but Cutless Supreme slides in between them. Rodriguez isn't going to win this one.
10) 40) dialog: All I'm askin' is that you be  responsible. Is that unreasonable?
10) 43) dialog: I am proportionally reassured. You  purchased yourself an extension.
10) 44) text: Vic takes the money, heads for the street. Rodriguez watc Vic walk away. Cutless Supreme watches Rodriguez.
31) 27) text: The room is still dark. Curtains drawn. We now see Rodrig He's wearing a black sock cap and gloves. He hands Divinc POLICE PHOTOGRAPHS of the car, the street, the victim -- murder scene. Divinci pulls Joe into a sitting position.
99) 4) text: Rodriguez spins around. Vic steps into the moonlight stre in through the window. Behind him is Cutless Supreme.
99) 5) dialog: But we all have problems.
99) 6) text: Rodriguez suddenly YELLS and CHARGES THEM. He tackles Vic But in the darkness we can't see anything. Until the expl of a GUN and the FLASH of flames lights up the room. A mo of silence then --
99) 7) dialog: Oh shit. You shot him, you fuckin'  shot him!
99) 8) text: Two men stumble to the door. Leaving one on the floor. Th door is flung open and Vic runs out. Followed by Cutless  Supreme.