57) 0) text: We're looking STRAIGHT DOWN on a field of yellow wildflow A nude man runs through the field, cutting the frame. “And in the mornings I can see them walking..." We finally get a good look at HIS FACE. This is BILLY LEE. As he walks through the field of wildflowers, we can see group of mostly-naked followers behind him. We may see Ro back there. Billy Lee leads them through the yellow. Feels the sun.
57) 1) dialog: How long you lookin’ to stay with us?
58) 4) dialog: You don’t get to be part of the family just ‘cause you’re kin. Why do you want to be here?
58) 6) dialog: That's the second time you brought up your sister when I was askin’ ‘bout you. Don’t worry about Rosie. Rosie’s right where she needs to be. (climbs ) You comin’ up? Emily stays right where she is.
58) 8) dialog: Don’t get me wrong. I know what you've done for your sister. She’d still be in that house in Alabama without you. So thank you. Sincerely. For sendin’ her our way.
58) 10) dialog: Sure. Not that I particularly care. You know who else has a rough past, Emily? Fuckin’ everyone. (CONTINUED )
58) 13) dialog: These trees don’t care about your past. This canyon don’t care about your past. You want to be someone else? He rips free a handful of leaves, tosses them down toward Emily with flourish.
58) 14) dialog: Poof! The leaves flutter all around Emily.
58) 15) dialog: You’re someone else. The leaves settle. Billy Lee looks down at Emily with THO EYES.
58) 16) dialog: Or maybe you’re still you. (shrugs) I don’t know. We’ll see, I guess. Emily stares up at Billy Lee. He breaks gaze first. Smile
58) 17) dialog: You sure you ain’t coming up? CLOSE ON BILLY LEE. As he stares out from the bough. Leav framing his face.
58) 18) dialog: You can see the whole world from up here.
59) 0) text: SAME FRAMING. CLOSE ON BILLY LEE. The bonfire flames fram his face:
59) 1) dialog: What does God mean to you? He stares at the assembled crowd of HIS FOLLOWERS: All young. Nobody over thirty. Everybody half-clothed. Free. They drape over one another in the firelight. (CONTINUED )
59) 4) dialog: Is He some being in the sky? Do you pray to Him at night? Do you ask Him to watch over you? There’s Emily. Watching from the edge. Billy Lee starts t drift towards her.
59) 5) dialog: Is He here with us now? (then) Would you know God if he was standing right in front of you? He locks eyes with Emily.
59) 6) dialog: Or maybe... maybe there is no God. (mock whispers) Maybe it’s all lies. He turns his attention back to the crowd. Warm again.
59) 7) dialog: I honestly don’t know the answer. Part of me thinks that if I just keep talking ‘til the drugs kick in, you all will think I’m insightful. Is it working? Give it a second. Everyone laughs. They're all enraptured by him.
59) 8) dialog: I ain’t saying I got it all figured out. But. I do see the game. They define right and wrong and then make you choose. That’s how it all starts. With a simple choice. Which side are you on? Up/Down. Good/Evil. Right/Wrong. God... or no God. It’s simple. Just pick. (to Rose) Boots. Quick. Choose. Are you good or are you bad?
59) 10) dialog: She's cheating. She knows what answer I’m looking for. (CONTINUED )
59) 13) dialog: I’m giving a whole speech here, Rosie. In front of people. Don’t mess this up for me. (crowd laughs) They’1l get you to pick. You get older, the world changes. Sooner or later, you'll need something. And they’1l get you to pick a side. You won’t even know what happened. Watch. I/’11 do it right now. (locks eyes with Emily) I‘ll do it right now with my star pupil. He smiles. Turns to Rose.
59) 14) dialog: Boots, why don’t you come up here and help me out? He chooses another girl.
59) 15) dialog: And Millie, why don’t you join us, too. We’re gonna have a tussle tonight. The crowd cheers, excited.
59) 16) dialog: Been a while since we’ve had a tussle, right? Oh, but Rosie don’t want to tussle, right? She’s smart enough to know not to play the game, right? But this is how I get her. I dangle something she really wants. You two are gonna have a proper tussle tonight. And the winner... well, the winner gets to sleep in the big house with me tonight. How’d that be? And from the looks on both Rose and Millie’s faces, it’s clear this is quite an honor.
59) 17) dialog: See? Now we got skin in the game, as they say. (then) What do you think, Boots? Want to play? (CONTINUED )
59) 21) dialog: So pick a side. Do want to be Right or do you want to be Wrong?
59) 23) dialog: Then Millie will be Wrong. Let’s have ourselves an allegory. The girls nod. They size each other up and down. Billy circles the crowd. Positions himself so he’s between the girls and Emily.
59) 24) dialog: You girls make sure you stop when I tell you to stop. Not like last time, Millie, you hear me. (then) All right, then. Have at it. The girls charge each other. It happens fast. They SLAM into each other and crash into the ground. It’s surprisin violent. Emily steps forward to help her sister. But Billy Lee steps right in her way.
59) 25) dialog: Easy, Emily. She’s a big girl. She can take care of herself. Emily's eyes dart to her sister. ON THE GROUND: Rose belt Millie in the face. Millie claws at Rose. The crowd roars approval.
59) 29) dialog: I’m the one already sleeping in the big house, and I’m robbing them blind. This is all mine now. And they don’t even notice, ‘cause they’re too busy playing my game.
59) 30) text: ON THE GROUND. Rose spits blood as Millie cracks her. Emily steps forward, but Billy Lee flashes her a look tha says don't you fucking dare. Rose lets out a primal scream and head-butts Millie in th face. Millie goes momentarily limp. Rose rolls on top of her. WHACK. Punches her right in the face. WHACK. Hits her again.
59) 31) dialog: All right. But Rose doesn’t stop.
59) 32) dialog: All right, Rosie. Shit. He pulls Rose off Millie. Gestures to one of his lieutenants, WADE, to help up Millie.
59) 33) dialog: You did good. Tussle’s over. Now love each other. The crowd cheers. People slap congratulations to Rose and Millie. Rose gives Millie a hug. Millie looks dazed. Beaten. Ashamed. Rose wipes her lip. She has blood on her face.
59) 34) dialog: What are we doing out here, anyway? We just a bunch of kids doing drugs and fucking each other in the woods? (thinks about it) That doesn’t sound so bad, actually, now that I say it out loud. (everyone laughs) (CONTINUED )
59) 37) dialog: Shit, maybe we do have it figured out after all. Everyone laughs, cheers. Billy Lee lets the crowd settle. Billy Lee cups Rose’s face. Kisses her lips. Tastes her blood. Looks to the crowd.
59) 38) dialog: Maybe we won't play their game no more. (then) Maybe we won't listen to their lies. (then) Maybe the only truth in this world is here... He places his hand on his own chest. He puts his hand on the woman next to him. And the man ne to her. Goes down the line.
59) 39) dialog: And here... and here... and right here. The crowd cheers. He circles back to Rose and holds her. locks eyes with Emily across the fire.
59) 40) dialog: Maybe. For tonight. We get to be our own Gods. The crowd erupts into cheers. Emily holds his gaze.
60) 4) dialog: Kid, if you don’t shut up, I’m gonna tie your mouth shut.
60) 6) dialog: So I’m guessing you’re Father Flynn, which makes the dead guy in seven Laramie Seymour Sullivan. And you're Darlene Sweet, right? Though I suppose you could be Fuck You, but something tells me that’s my Emily here. Any other people in this hotel? The four of them trade glances. Eyes look to Miles. He shakes his head. No.
60) 7) dialog: (reads name tag) Miles. I’m gonna have my friends search this hotel. They find any other souls, you die bad. Understand? Miles nods. (CONTINUED )
60) 10) dialog: Any other people here? Miles shakes his head. Billy studies him. Thinks.
60) 11) dialog: Annabell, Wade. You two are on sentry. Stand behind these four. They try to get out of those seats, shoot ‘em in the back of the head. They do as instructed. Wade has a rifle. Annabell picks u Emily’s shotgun.
60) 12) dialog: Flicker, Roman -- go get that body out of room seven. Find his car keys, stick the body and all his stuff in the trunk. After that, go room to room. Find anybody, bring ‘em here. In fact, you find anything of interest, you bring it here.
60) 14) dialog: “Oh wow oh wow, Billy Lee should see this.” Flicker and Roman nod. Head towards the door. As they go:
60) 16) dialog: I don’t know. But I’d leave some room in that trunk. Ding. Flicker and Roman leave. Billy Lee crosses to the bar. Pours himself a drink. Crosses back into Nevada. Sits down at the table.
60) 17) dialog: Hiya, Em. She stares at him. (CONTINUED )
60) 21) dialog: You left without sayin’ goodbye. She doesn’t respond.
60) 22) dialog: Did you think I wouldn’t take offense?
60) 24) dialog: You don’t look ready.
60) 26) dialog: Ain’t that the luck. (then, quietly) You tell them what she did? Emily shakes her head. No.
60) 28) dialog: That’s okay, Boots. We’ll deal with that when we get back to California. (looks around) We got us a Nevada problem now. Billy Lee takes a drink. Thinks. Looks to Miles.
60) 29) dialog: So what is this -- some sort of pervert hotel? The four sit in silence. Miles looks at a loss. What? (CONTINUED )
60) 33) dialog: Why don’t I ask you, then? Why don’t I ask the priest walking out of the hotel with a bag full of money?
60) 35) dialog: Who are his bosses?
60) 37) dialog: And he just offered this up to you?
60) 39) dialog: If you’re so worried about your soul, kid, maybe you shouldn’t been doing all this bad shit in the first place, huh? (CONTINUED )
60) 42) dialog: Is that who I think it is? Miles nods.
60) 44) dialog: Now what’s a man of God like yourself doing with that in your coat? Rose holds the film up to the light.
60) 46) dialog: (nods ) That he is, Rose. That he is. Billy Lee drums his fingers on his face. Looks to Darlene
60) 47) dialog: Where’s the money come from?
60) 49) dialog: I_ain’t asking you right now, Father. (then) Where’s the money come from? Hold on Darlene. As she stares at these children around h Then. Defiant:
60) 53) dialog: (laughs) It’s yours. (all right then) So where's a girl like you get all this money from?
60) 55) dialog: (okay) You must be one hell of a singer, then.
60) 57) dialog: Where’s the money come from?
60) 59) dialog: And you’re a man of the cloth.
60) 61) dialog: I forgot to mention... Billy Lee finishes his drink. Leans in close to Stares at him with THOSE EYES.
60) 62) dialog: I_hate priests. (then) You want to change your story? Dock doesn't flinch. Stares right back.
60) 66) dialog: Alrighty then. He hops up.
60) 67) dialog: Boots, why don’t you find us something to listen to on that there jukebox. It’s too quiet in here. Gives me the willies. He grabs Dock’s change from where it fell on the floor earlier. Tosses Rose a quarter. She picks a song. “Hush” by Deep Purple starts playing. Rose and Billy Lee sway a bit to the bass line. HOLD ON DOCK AND DARLENE as the music plays around them. Darlene tense. Dock listening.
60) 71) dialog: (to Dock and Darlene) I want you two to pay real close attention to what happens next. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
60) 74) dialog: And keep it right up there in the front of your mind when I ask you questions looking for truthful answers. He sits down at the end of the table close to Emily and Miles. He stares right at Emily.
60) 75) dialog: Emily. (then) Pick a color. Red or black. Across the room, Rose looks up from the film. Emily stares at Billy Lee. Then she shakes her head.
60) 76) dialog: Well that’s not hardly nice. I’m offering you a chance here on account of the fact that we’re practically family. That’s downright charitable of me, considering. (then) Boots, you hear what your sister's doing? Rose looks at Emily with sad eyes.
60) 78) dialog: (leans in) Did you really think you could take what’s mine and I wouldn’t come a- huntin’?
60) 80) dialog: (oh yeah?) Rosie? Are you mine? Rose smiles.
60) 84) dialog: We used to raise goats out on the farm. Boer goats, ‘cause you can breed ‘em year round. Bucks are ready to go once they’re about seven weeks old. Seven weeks! (looks to Wade) Can you imagine? Think of something that happened to you seven weeks ago. If you were a baby then, you’d be fucking now. (then) ‘Cause you’re male, I mean. The does take about eight months ‘fore they’re much use. And you learn. When you got a litter, you learn to separate the females before those bucks come ruttin’. ‘Cause once those does go into heat... they’1l kill each other. I seen it over and over. They’1ll bash each others heads until their brains spill out in the dirt. Happens with mothers-— daughters, too. Something about the blood, I guess. But it ain’t like the sisters. (then) Ain’t nothing as violent as sisters. He finishes his drink.
60) 87) dialog: Maybe. Maybe not. But it’s there now, though, isn’t it? (then) Pick a color, Em. I ain’t askin’ again. HOLD ON EMILY. As she studies this man. As she looks to h sister. As she sees her sister nod. Do it, Em.. (CONTINUED )
60) 91) dialog: Well then I guess that makes you black, alter boy. And Billy Lee spins the roulette ball.
60) 92) text: Everyone TENSES as they realize what’s happening. The bal whips around the wheel. Wade and Annabell lean in with th guns. Their eyes saying stay in your fucking seats. Miles coughs beneath his gag. Billy Lee takes pity on him
60) 93) dialog: You got some prayers, you can say ‘em now. Billy Lee pulls down Miles’ gag.
60) 98) dialog: Do you want to tell him or you want me to do it? (CONTINUED )
60) 104) dialog: He’s not a fucking priest, kid. CLOSE ON MILES. As Billy Lee’s words land. As he sees Doc finally, for who he really is. And he realizes he’s going Hell. Clack. The ball comes to a stop in the tray. Red.
60) 105) dialog: Well, it looks like the Lord hasn’t forsaken you yet. Billy Lee pulls his revolver. And shoots Emily right in the chest. BANG BANG BANG. She pitches straight backwards. Knocking over Miles. She crashes to the floor. We’re CLOSE ON HER as she hits the ground. On impact, we
62) 0) text: Emily’s eyes look up to her sister. Billy Lee steps in beside Rose.
62) 1) dialog: I gave her a fair shake, Rose. (CONTINUED )
64) 0) text: Billy Lee holds Rose. Emily’s eyes go dim. ON MILES. On the ground, rocking back and forth. Crying. Hands still bound in front of him. Staring at Emily’s dea body.
64) 1) dialog: Now then. Who wants to play next? Darlene and Dock tense in their seats.
64) 2) dialog: Ah ah -- Wade, Annabell -- keep a close eye there. Everyone’s liable to get more squirrelly now that they know the stakes. (to Dock) She'll cut you in half with that shotgun. Billy Lee sits down across from Dock and Darlene. Grabs t roulette ball. Tosses it back and forth in his hand.
64) 3) dialog: You two gonna be more forthcoming? Dock thinks about it. Nods.
64) 5) dialog: (studies him) Why not. (then) Boots! Get the padre here a glass. (CONTINUED )
64) 8) dialog: Kid, you don’t shut the fuck up, I’m gonna make you play again. Miles quiets down. Rose puts the glass on the table. Bill Lee pours Dock a drink. Dock’s hands are tied behind his back. He doesn’t know wh to do. Rose looks at Billy Lee. You want me to untie him?
64) 9) dialog: No. His hands stay tied. Billy Lee picks up the drink. Holds it to Dock’s lips. Do drinks.
64) 10) dialog: Where’s the money from?
64) 12) dialog: Tonight. Dock nods.
64) 13) dialog: Why you dressed up like a priest? ON MILES. Watching Dock across the room.
64) 15) dialog: And you? (CONTINUED )
64) 19) dialog: ‘Course he did. ‘Cause that ain’t even the real score, is it, padre? No, ‘cause you found this. Billy Lee picks up the film. Brings it back to the table.
64) 20) dialog: (to Darlene) I bet he didn’t tell you about this, did he? Don’t you even want to see who’s on it?
64) 22) dialog: (laughs) Darlin’, then you ain’t understandin’ what’s on this --
64) 29) dialog: You go right ahead. And turns his attention back to Dock.
64) 30) dialog: Why didn’t you just leave when you had the film? That’s worth way more than some bag of money. Dock considers.
64) 35) dialog: Well, Boots... sometimes, the memory of a man matters more than the man himself. Ain’t that right, padre?
64) 39) dialog: Who’s gonna come looking for this money?
64) 41) dialog: Somebody's always looking for money.
64) 43) dialog: And who are you again? Let’s say I want to check this story out... who am I looking for? What’s your real name, father?
64) 51) dialog: Really? Now you want to start playing games again?
64) 53) dialog: That’s what he told you.
64) 55) dialog: And you believe anything this old crook says.
64) 57) dialog: Well then. Let’s see if we can’t jog his memory. (then) Darlene. Pick a color. BOOM. Right then, a violent CLAP of thunder shakes the hotel. And_all the power goes out in the room. 72
64) 58) text: Everyone jumps in surprise. Dock and Darlene realize, too late, they missed a chance. But Annabell and Wade still have guns trained at their he Billy Lee holds up his hands. Take it easy, take it easy. Everything QUIET. The jukebox silent. Billy Lee starts laughing.
64) 59) dialog: Oof. That's right unsettling. The only light comes from the firepits around the room. (CONTINUED )
64) 62) dialog: (shivers) It’s quiet again.
64) 64) dialog: No, I don’t like it either. (thinks ) Ain’t you supposed to be a singer? Why don’t you sing something for us, then, Darlene? Darlene’s eyes go cold. She stares at Billy Lee. After a moment, she shakes her head. Billy Lee Billy Lee
64) 66) dialog: Tell you what. You sing something for us. And if you're as good as you say, I won’t make you play the game.
64) 69) dialog: Suit your fuckin’ selves. spins the roulette ball.
64) 77) dialog: I’ve heard better. He spins the roulette ball. Dock's eyes go blood simple. 73 WHAM! Dock explodes out of his seat, shattering his chair He slams his forehead right into Billy Lee’s face. Blood SPLATTERS as Billy Lee’s nose SHATTERS -- Billy Lee and D topple backwards -- And a bunch of things happen ALL AT ONCE: -- Dock and Billy Lee crash right into one of the firepit sending fire and embers and flaming logs everywhere. -- Annabell, surprised by the violence, FIRES HER SHOTGUN BOOM! The sound rips through the room, the buck shot cutt through the air where Dock just was, blasting flames and shredding furniture. -- Darlene, moving on terror and instinct, kicks herself backwards, away from the table. The table FLIPS -- (CONTINUED )
68) 4) dialog: Get him up. Wade and Annabell yank Dock to his feet. (CONTINUED )
68) 7) dialog: See if you can’t remember this. Click. Billy Lee freezes as he hears the unmistakable sound of a revolver being cocked behind him. Everyone turns. To find Miles. On his feet. Pointing the gun right at Bil Lee. Billy Lee holds his hand up. Calm down...
68) 8) dialog: Take it easy, alter-bo-- CRACK. Miles shoots Billy Lee right between the eyes. Rose lets out a horrific, primal scream.