11) 7) dialog: Cut. Cut. Cut it. They all stop playing. Buddy looks exasperated. BUDDY (FROM THE BOOTH) (CONT’D) Let’s take a break, everyone. Darlene... a word. The other singers give Darlene sympathetic looks.
12) 0) text: The musicians file out of the studio as Buddy enters. Darlene watches as he stops Vesta before she leaves. He c her cheek. Tender. Nurturing. We can barely make out thei conversation:
12) 1) dialog: «--no, no, you were brilliant. This is why I have you tracked solo.
12) 3) dialog: I don't want you thinking, pet. I want you to stay in this -- (waves his hand over her body ) And let me worry about the knobs and dials. Okay? Now. Get some air. This'll be but a minute. Vesta exits. Leaving Darlene alone with Buddy. Buddy approaches. His eyes go cold as he studies Darlene. Lights a cigarette.
12) 4) dialog: Where were you last night?
12) 8) dialog: Valet.
12) 10) dialog: Is that your assessment of your performance thus far? “Fresh?”
12) 12) dialog: I told you, please, call me Buddy. Or Mr. Sunday, if you must. But never Mr. Buddy. Impossible not to make that sound patronizing. Sounds like a chocolate bar. Do you know how much my time is worth, Darlene?
12) 14) dialog: Columbia Records does. He points to the paperwork he has spread out on the mix console.
12) 15) dialog: Columbia Records currently values my time at two hundred dollars an hour. Are you currently ina position where you can turn down two... four... six hundred dollars when it is offered to you?
12) 17) dialog: Six hundred dollars of my time. But, instead, you wanted to stay fresh. Which, apparently, means flat on the intro and sharp on the harmonies. (CONTINUED )
12) 21) dialog: Do you know how much your time is worth, Darlene?
12) 23) dialog: No matter how long the session. Which, I suppose, means the longer I keep you, the less your time is worth. He offers her a cigarette. She politely declines.
12) 24) dialog: You have a choice here, Darlene. Give me one year of your time. And I can make you a star. You’ll be singing lead. You'll be staying at The Carlyle. You'll be headlining the Riviera. Or. You can continue to treat my time as disposable. And you can keep scrounging for twelve dollar backup gigs until they dry up. And in five years you'll find yourself shuffling between shit hotels, begging for the opening slot on waffle night in... (shudders ) Reno. (then) All right. Darlene? Do we understand? CLOSE ON DARLENE as we PRELAP the sound of tick... tick.. tick... tick...