2) 117) dialog: I need a room.
2) 119) dialog: I‘1ll take that one. Miles looks down at her choice. His shoulders slump just slightly. His weary eyes look back to Laramie.
2) 121) dialog: I‘1l take Room One.
2) 126) dialog: Give me something along this wall.
2) 128) dialog: I don’t give a shit. How much?
9) 8) text: Dwight jumps. Surprised. Emily hurries into the room. Dragging something heavy. It almost looks like A PERSON. Emily kicks the door shut behind her. Carries her burden RIGHT UP CLOSE to the observation window. Dumps it in A CHAIR. It’s a person, all right... This is ROSE. She’s unconscious. Looks to be about eighteen years old. Waifish. Half-dressed. She slumps forward, her head hits the mirror. Thump. Dwight instinctively edges backwards. DARLENE (0.S.) (CONT’D) This ol' heart of mine been broke a thousand times, each time you break away... Emily stares at the unconscious body in the chair. Breath hard. She looks scared. She runs her hands though her hai The look on her face says what do I do next? (CONTINUED )
16) 0) text: Rain is pouring down now as Dwight makes his way through parking lot. He’s watching the front carefully, he does n want to be seen. He slides up to Emily’s Mustang, pops the hood. Yanks the DISTRIBUTOR COIL CABLE free. Pockets it in his raincoat.
20) 0) text: SAME FRAMING. CLOSE ON ROSE. Bound and gagged. Her eyes flutter. She groans. Emily looks up from across the room, where she’s busy stashing her gear under the bed. She hurries over to Rose kneels down next to her.
20) 1) dialog: Rose? Rosie? It’s okay. You’re safe. You’re here with me. It’s Em. Rose’s eyes from fear to recognition to anger in a flash. She strains against her bonds.
20) 2) dialog: Rosie. Stop. You’re safe. But I can’t untie you. Not ‘til you’re right. We gotta get you right. (Rose struggles) I ‘spect you’re all kinds of mad at me. And some extent you're right to be. But we’re gonna wait this out. We’re gonna wait ‘til you’re clear. Then we’ll have it out. She kisses Rose on the forehead. Rose looks at her with malice.
20) 3) dialog: I had to get you away from him, Rosie. He’s all kinds of bad. And we gotta get as far away from him as possible. You’1l understand. We just gotta get you clear... and you'll understand. And right then... there’s a KNOCK at the door. (CONTINUED )
20) 7) dialog: What do you want?
20) 9) dialog: No, I ain’t gonna do that.
20) 11) dialog: What do you want?
20) 13) dialog: I’m fine.
20) 15) dialog: Fuck. Off. There’s a long silence. (CONTINUED )
21) 0) text: SAME FRAMING. Eight-year-old EMILY on the ground. Blood dripping from her head. MAN’S VOICE Don’t touch it. Let it bleed. HER POV: we see THOSE BOOTS from earlier walking away fro her across the wood floor. The voice belongs to her father, HUTCH SUMMERSPRING. (CONTINUED )
23) 0) text: SAME FRAMING. Looking at Emily from under the bed. She winces in pain. Her eyes struggle to find focus. She locks on something. She’s looking right at us. Emily’s POV: under the bed, a green army duffel. Sticking out of it: (CONTINUED )
23) 6) dialog: Rosie... They turn as Emily rises.
23) 7) dialog: Get out of the way. Rose steps aside. Revealing Emily. Pointing her shotgun. Right at Dwight. BOOM. The shot is DEAFENING. Emily shoots Dwight right in the chest. Both barrels. His chest explodes. Behind him, the mirror SHATTERS. Dwight’s body hits the ground in a bloody mess. Rose stares down at his dead body. Curious. Surprisingly calm for what’s just transpired. Emily struggles to catch her breath. Struggles to process what the fuck just happened. She lowers the shotgun. Look to the dead body. Looks to her sister. And then she looks to where the mirror used to be.
23) 8) text: Because there’s not a wall behind that mirror. Instead, there’s A BLACK HOLE. And there seems to be sounds coming from that hole. Somebody is screaming. Emily and Rose look to each other. Look back to the hole. (CONTINUED )
25) 19) dialog: You're safe. But I can’t untie you. Not ‘til you're right. We gotta get you right...
26) 0) text: Miles watches in growing horror as Emily stands with her handgun, talking to Dwight through the door:
26) 1) dialog: Fuck. Off.
27) 2) dialog: Rosie -- get out of the way. We hear the cold metal RACK of the shotgun.
27) 7) dialog: Jesus Fucking Christ! CUT TO BLACK.
31) 6) dialog: Jesus Fucking Christ! The storm around Darlene makes it hard to hear exactly wh being said in the room. We hear distant screaming. Words come through muffled.
31) 7) dialog: What is this? (then) Keep your fucking hands where I can see them! What the hell is this? Emily thinks. Looks to Rose.
31) 8) dialog: Rosie. Stay right there.
31) 10) dialog: I said keep your hands where I can see them! HOLD ON DARLENE. Crouched in the pouring rain. Watching these strange horrors unfold: Rose steps forward. Looks through the hole in the window. Huh. A curious child. Then Rose turns away. Surveys the room. Something catches her attention... The telephone.
32) 0) text: In the room now. We can hear things much clearer. Emily YELLING. Miles SCREAMING.
32) 5) dialog: What is this place?
34) 2) dialog: Rosie -- c'mon --
34) 4) dialog: Get up! MOVE. We hear Miles CRY OUT in pain. Rose hops up on the window. Slips through the hole into t darkness. (CONTINUED )
34) 7) dialog: What the hell are you doing back here? HOLD on the empty room as the sounds of Emily, Miles, and Rose recede. Camera drifts back towards THE FRONT DOOR. Rain and lightning and thunder. Darlene’s head peeks into the room. She steps forward tentatively, eyes on that window, ready bolt at the first sign of movement. She creeps into the room. Heart pounding. Keep it together, Darlene. Eyes LOCKED on that window. She slides up next to Dwight’s dead body. Starts patting bloodied chest. Where is it? Where is it? There. She reaches into his jacket. Eyes still watching that window. Pulls out... The distributor coil cable. Actually, to be precise, she pulls out three distributor cables. And they’re all bloodied. And they look like they've been chewed with buckshot.
42) 0) text: The mechanical arm chooses another record. The needle hits vinyl. Click click click... “Give me a ticket for an aeroplane... ain't got time to t a fast train..." Rose stands motionless in the dead center of the room. Staring UP. It’s unclear why. After a moment, she exits frame... and returns with a CHA She seems to be building something. Her movement carries us over to Emily, who has tied up Mi in a chair across the room. She sits down across from him Looks him in the eye.
42) 1) dialog: So what is this? Some sort of pervert hotel? Miles is in rough shape. His face peppered with buckshot glass. He’s whimpering. She slaps him out of it.
42) 2) dialog: Hey -- c’mon -- (CONTINUED )
42) 6) dialog: Let’s be clear. I shot another man who had it comin’. You were back there being creepy and caught a face of buckshot for your trouble. Hold still. You got glass in your head. She looks over his wounds. Brushes some of the larger chu of glass away.
42) 8) dialog: I honestly can’t remember what you looked like before this, but you should probably make peace with the fact that things have changed.
42) 10) dialog: (thinks ) How can I not, after what you've seen?
42) 12) dialog: You've seen worse than a man gettin’ sawn in half with a shotgun? Miles thinks about it. His haunted eyes start to drift.
42) 16) dialog: (Jesus Christ) I ain’t so sure you shoulda told me that now. A beat. And then we hear Rose’s footsteps ring out as she begins to run... climbing up the furniture stack and leap into the air... Rose catches hold of THE CHANDELIER. She swings back and forth with glee, like a child at the playground. The light in the room swings back and forth, back and forth... Emily stares at Rose. JI can't even deal with this shit r now. She lights a cigarette. She and Miles watch Rose swi back and forth for a beat. Miles glances back at Emily.
42) 21) dialog: Don’t tell him your --
42) 26) dialog: Where are the others?
44) 0) text: Emily walks through the dark corridor. She’s carrying the shotgun. She walks past Room Four. Stops at Room Five. Sees Darlene sitting in the middle of her room. Hands in lap. Singing. Emily frowns. Flips the switch on the intercom.
46) 0) text: Emily steps closer to the mirror.
48) 1) dialog: 
50) 0) text: It looks like Emily and Darlene are standing nose-to-nose
52) 0) text: Emily jumps back. Startled. But Darlene keeps swaying.
54) 0) text: Emily turns away.
55) 16) dialog: Where’s the priest? She looks across the room. Miles shifts uncomfortably.
55) 17) dialog: Miles?
55) 19) dialog: But you know something, don’t you? She reaches into her pocket. Pulls out Miles’ heroin. Sla it on the table.
55) 20) dialog: This is yours? Miles nods.
55) 21) dialog: You want it? Miles stares at the heroin. Nods.
55) 22) dialog: Where’s the priest?
55) 27) dialog: Who’s it up to? A CHILL runs down her spine as she looks to her sister.
55) 28) dialog: Rosie... what did you do? In the darkness behind Emily, the shadows MOVE...
58) 0) text: Billy stares at Emily. It’s just the two of them. They’re both clothed. They walk through the dense oaks and eucalyptus trees. (CONTINUED )
58) 3) dialog: I'll be here as long as my sister is, I suppose.
58) 5) dialog: Rosie says you treat her good. I ‘ppreciate that. They come upon a large, gnarled oak. Billy Lee sizes it u starts climbing it. Emily watches.
58) 7) dialog: I’m fine. Billy Lee leaps from bough to branch to bough with relati ease. Clearly at home up in the treetops.
58) 9) dialog: (bristles) Rosie... she told you about where we come from?
59) 30) text: ON THE GROUND. Rose spits blood as Millie cracks her. Emily steps forward, but Billy Lee flashes her a look tha says don't you fucking dare. Rose lets out a primal scream and head-butts Millie in th face. Millie goes momentarily limp. Rose rolls on top of her. WHACK. Punches her right in the face. WHACK. Hits her again.
60) 0) text: Emily stares forward as Wade cinches ropes tight around h Next to her, ANNABELL, a wiry woman in her twenties, is cinching ropes around a panicked Miles.
60) 20) dialog: Billy Lee.
60) 23) dialog: Naw, I figured you would. (then) But I’d be ready when you did.
60) 25) dialog: You caught me on a bad night. Billy Lee almost laughs at that.
60) 79) dialog: She ain’t yours.
60) 85) dialog: (quietly) None of that is true. Billy Lee looks at her. I’m sorry?
60) 86) dialog: There wasn’t no violence ‘til you.
60) 90) dialog: Red. Billy Lee looks mildly surprised. Good. He gives Annabell look. She steps in closer behind the four.
61) 0) text: YOUNG EMILY screams out as her sister is ripped out from under the bed beside her.
62) 0) text: Emily’s eyes look up to her sister. Billy Lee steps in beside Rose.
64) 0) text: Billy Lee holds Rose. Emily’s eyes go dim. ON MILES. On the ground, rocking back and forth. Crying. Hands still bound in front of him. Staring at Emily’s dea body.