2) 5) dialog: (points) At the front desk there. They look to the front desk, where a large amount of lugg has been piled.
2) 6) dialog: That’s my trunk, that’s my fortnighter, that’s my hat case. And I’d ask that you folk respect my claim when it comes time to divvy the rooms. Though when that'll be is anyone’s guess. I been ringin’ that bell so long my hand’s sore and my ears is tired and my constitution needs coffee. So. That’s why I’m back here scroungin’. He holds up a pack of coffee grounds. He dumps it into th elaborate machine behind the counter.
2) 7) dialog: Success! Though I can’t say I vouch for the quality. He starts the machine. While it grinds and grumbles, Lara crosses the room, extends his hand to Flynn.
2) 8) dialog: Laramie Seymour Sullivan. Sales manager, Calhoun Appliances. My name may not be on the masthead, but that don’t mean it ain’t a family business. He hands Flynn a business card. Tips his hat to Darlene. (CONTINUED)
2) 11) dialog: Ma’am.
2) 13) dialog: What should I call you, Father?
2) 15) dialog: Father Flynn, huh. That’s easy to remember, alliterative and such. Whereabouts is your parish?
2) 17) dialog: Well. (then) Let me just say up front that me and the good people of East Biloxi Baptist may have our differences with your Pope, but in our hearts we both believe in the divinity of Jesus Christ, and that makes us brothers as far as I’m concerned. Who handles your hospitality at the Heart of Mary?
2) 19) dialog: You know, who keeps the place clean and tidy?
2) 21) dialog: Could I trouble you for Barbara’s phone number? I believe the good Lord has put me in your path to make her life easier. (CONTINUED )
2) 25) dialog: I'd sure appreciate it. Though, again, Lord only knows when that'd be. He points to the brass bell on the front desk.
2) 26) dialog: You can go ahead and give it a whirl. I ain’t had much luck with it. (turns) How ‘bout you, darlin’ -- you in the hospitality business? Darlene seems genuinely taken aback.
2) 28) dialog: Your name is “Darlin’?” Ain’t that a pip! And they say fate died in ‘63. Darlene realizes the mistake.
2) 30) dialog: Well, I’1l give you my card nonetheless. I’m sure you know some gals who need a vacuum. A beat. Then Father Flynn rings the bell. The group waits in awkward silence. No response. Laramie rolls his eyes: see what I mean? (CONTINUED )
2) 33) dialog: This your first time at the El Royale? Both Flynn and Darlene nod. Laramie crosses back to the b
2) 34) dialog: It didn't always used to be like this. And I don’t jus’ mean you could find the clerk come check-in. Naw, this place used to be hustlin’ and bustlin’. Tahoe’s best kept secret. I mean, it was always a novelty, but there’s state fair novelty and old horse novelty and we are now firmly in the old horse variety. He removes the coffee carafe from the machine and grabs t cups. As he starts making his way back across the room:
2) 35) dialog: ‘66 this place had swing. Hell, I’m sure I couldn’t get a main lodge room if I tried. He points to the photographs adorning the California wall
2) 36) dialog: It was a hidey hole for the Tahoe swells. Darlene looks at the photos. The El Royale in more boisterous times. There’s Frank Sinatra lounging by the pool. There’s Martin Luther King, Jr. shaking hands with crowd of well-wishers. There’s Bobby Kennedy making pop- superstar VESTA SHEARS laugh.
2) 37) dialog: Dean Martin even sang a song about it. “Half In California With Judy?” (off their looks) No? (shrugs) Wasn’t one of his best. Coffee? Flynn nods. Sure. Darlene shakes her head.
2) 41) dialog: Aw, come on. I made a whole pot. Can’t let it go to waste. He hands her a cup. Take it. She relents.
2) 42) dialog: (as he pours) Atta girl. I'll let the clerk give you the whole spiel, should he ever show up, I mean. But the part they tend to leave out is about, oh, a year ago this place lost its gambling license. Some problems with the commission or something. And so the swells took their business elsewhere. Now the main lodge is all that’s open and the pool is filled with ducks and they rent rooms by the hour if you ask quiet-like. (then) ‘Course, if we’re bein’ honest, that’s probably why a priest, a vacuum salesman, and a Negro can afford freight here, right Father? (laughs) I’m just funnin’. My stay’s on Calhoun Appliances, if I’m bein’ truthful, which is why room choice is so important and I ask you to respect my accoutrements there as a proxy for my person. I intend to lavish myself. Always wanted to stay in The Honeymoon Suite. He holds up his left hand. His ring finger is bare.
2) 43) dialog: Though I am not currently on my honeymoon. They wait in awkward silence. They sip their coffee. A light bulb goes off over Flynn's head. As though he’s b thinking about something else this entire time:
2) 48) dialog: Well, hell. We have to wait much longer, I might as well open up that there trunk and set up the Calhoun Electrovax. Give you folks a proper demonstration. You sure you ain’t in the hospitality business, darlin’? Darlene, once again, shakes her head.
2) 50) dialog: Ho! The lady’s got a luckier hand than we do, Father. Shame these here tables is decommissioned, we could make ourselves some real money. We hear fumbling. Footsteps. The door finally swings open revealing a twenty-year-old kid with a baby face and an i fitting desk clerk jacket. He looks a bit like a wet rat. This is MILES MILLER.
2) 52) dialog: Damn, boy, I been in this lobby so long, I’m due for a shave. What's wrong with you?
2) 58) dialog: We may need to work on your sales pitch, boy. “The El Royale: Ain't No Place For A Priest.”
2) 61) dialog: Well, the Lord don’t want you in The Honeymoon Suite, I promise you that much. Miles, those is my accoutrements there, and I stake my claim as such. But you can go ahead and check them in first for all I care. (looks in mirror, rubs chin) Any luck I'll have a full Jeb Stuart by the time we’re done. Miles looks back and forth between Laramie and Flynn. He continues to seem genuinely anxious. (CONTINUED )
2) 65) dialog: Go ahead, boy. Give ‘em the spiel. “The El Royale...”
2) 71) dialog: (whistles) Shoot. Really. When that happen? What makes ‘em a dollar better?
2) 73) dialog: And that’s worth a dollar?
2) 75) dialog: You got a number for those people? ‘Cause I got a vacuum they might be interested in. Speaking of which! Who’s your Head of Hospitality here?
2) 79) dialog: (grimaces) Well. Then let’s worry about that later then.
2) 82) dialog: (chuffs) What exactly is a “California amenity?”
2) 84) dialog: Lost that when you lost your gamblin’ license? So, you’re saying, if we want to drink, we gotta do it on this side of the room?
2) 86) dialog: Let me guess, you’re also the bartender.
2) 90) dialog: Feel free to flip that if you need to make a decision, Father. Starting to cost me money waitin’ around here. The quiet of the lobby is suddenly disturbed by the ROAR an engine from outside. All four people turn towards the windows to see a GREEN DODGE CHARGER scream into the lot. Tires SQUEAL as the Charger screeches to a stop. Flynn turns his attention back to the map. Shakes his hea Picks up Laramie’s quarter and flips it. Heads. Shrugs.
2) 100) dialog: He does the housekeeping, remember.
2) 102) dialog: (losing patience) She doesn’t want to be near the priest. Flynn, who was collecting his belongings and moving to ex stops in his tracks. I’m sorry?
2) 103) dialog: (to Flynn) Like we don’t see her walkin’ in here with her own bedrolls under her arms. (to Darlene) Don’t worry, darlin’, we ain’t here to judge. Father here can even teach you ‘bout Mary Magdalene and forgiveness and what not. Darlene’s eyes flash with embarrassment and anger. Ring-ring. Right then, the woman from outside walks into El Royale. She's in her late twenties. Looks to be a card-carrying member of the flower generation. She’s trying her best no to look distressed. And failing. This is EMILY SUMMERSPRING. Emily stops in her tracks, not expecting to find this man people in the lobby. What did I just walk into? (CONTINUED)
2) 112) dialog: (tips hat) Ma’am. Flynn waits a beat. Gathers his valise. Moves to leave. Nods to Emily as he passes.
2) 116) dialog: Please. Be my fuckin’ guest. (yells to window) Sorry, Father. Emily shrugs. Fine. I'll go. Steps forward.
2) 120) dialog: Don’t fuckin’ tell me. Emily removes a large wad of cash from her jeans.
2) 122) dialog: You can’t have Room One. Emily turns and stares at him. Defiant. Why not?
2) 123) dialog: Do you see my fortnighter right there at your feet? Is this really happening? (to Miles) Am I really about to explain the concept of a free market claim stake to the goddamn hippie? Emily just stares at him with cold eyes. (CONTINUED )
2) 130) dialog: You have yourself a pleasant day, now. Laramie steps forward. Finally. He grabs the pen. Looks down at the ledger. Sees Emily’s signature.
2) 131) dialog: Nice. CLOSE ON THE LEDGER: Fuck You. Laramie signs his name at the bottom of the page. CLOSE ON THE LEDGER as he writes with flourish: Laramie Seymour Sullivan. CLOSE ON LARAMIE as he looks up at Miles and smiles.
2) 132) dialog: I‘1l take Room One. CUT TO BLACK. TITLE: Room One Bad Times At The El Royale Final Shooting Draft 20.
3) 0) text: We hear the sound of a key jangling. Click. Laramie enter hits the lights. He carries his accoutrements into the ro Takes off his hat and jacket. Folds the jacket carefully lays it over the back of a chair. Rolls up his white shir sleeves. Studies the room. The Honeymoon Suite is on the California side of the bord and thus decorated in warm orange hues. It would never be described as luxurious by any means, but it does have a notable king bed on a raised platform and a jacuzzi tub i the floor. CLOSE SHOTS: locks flip. A suitcase swings open, revealin neatly folded clothes. Everything feels regimented. A han removes A DOPP KIT. CLOSE SHOTS: items are placed along a sink. A toothbrush. soap case. A small bottle of shampoo. A hair tonic. All meticulously ordered just so. CLOSE SHOTS: locks flip. The trunk swings open, revealing the Calhoun Electrovax. The vacuum is removed. Click. A false bottom is removed from the trunk. A BLACK BRIEFCASE removed and placed on the bed. The briefcase swings open, revealing an array of SMALL TOOLS. CLOSE SHOTS: a pair of glasses are removed from a case. Laramie sits on the bed. In his shirtsleeves and wirefram glasses now, he looks a far cry from the seersucker southerner we met moments ago. He removes a pair of pliers and a screwdriver from the ca He thinks of something. He checks his watch. Does a small double take. Picks up the phone and dials it. Listens. Then.
3) 1) dialog: Hi, my love. I know, I know... check-in took a little longer than I expected... And as Laramie talks, we may notice that his thick Mississippi accent is now GONE.
3) 2) dialog: Is she still up? (CONTINUED )
3) 5) dialog: Hi rabbit! I know, I’m sorry. I got delayed. Yes, the clock is right. Daddy's wrong. And between the accent, the wife, the child, and the tool it should obvious that this man has not been honest about he is. In fact, we should probably start calling him by h real name. This is not Laramie Seymour Sullivan... This is DWIGHT BROADBECK.