4) 47) dialog: And I’m Peter Yates. Chuck, over the years the popularity of the National Spelling Bee has grown to sick proportions and this year viewership promises to rival that of any championship sporting event.
4) 49) dialog: Joyce Sacks. A fourteen year old spelling assassin hailing from Plymouth Minnesota. Came in 8th last year but this year retreat is not an option. Word has it that she’s been working with three different coaches- one for English, one for Greek and one for Latin- and she’s ready to declare “All your bases are belong to us!” 19. Next, BAXTER FLOURNEY, 9, BRACES and a BOWL HAIRCUT complimented by uncomfortable glances at the camera.
4) 51) dialog: Some say that twelve year-old Chaitanya Chopra from Olathe, Kansas has ice for blood. Others say that if you opened up his skull you’d find Stephen Hawking AND Albert Einstein in a mixed martial arts fight. Whatever the truth is, Chaitanya has placed third for the last two years and he isn’t going to take it anymore! He’s focused. He wants it. And word on the street is he’s gonna spine-rip anyone who gets in his way! The graphics explode to reveal ERIC TAI, 14- weird is an understatement.
4) 53) dialog: And finally, in what has been the strangest turn of events in Bee history, we have contestant Guy Duncan from St. Louis, Missouri. Oh, did we forget to mention? Guy's thirty four years-old! This man has made huge waves in the competitive spelling world by exposing and capitalizing on a loophole in the competition’s rules, and OH MAMA! Have things been topsy-turvy! But he’s here and the only way we’re gonna get rid of him is if he loses! Finally, we see quick footage cuts of Scribbs COO Bill Bo all around the world: Spoon feeding a hungry African chil skydiving, Ostrich racing, climbing to the top of a human tower in Sardinia.
6) 0) text: Guy and Jenny enter the office to find NATIONAL SPELLING DIRECTOR BERNICE DEAGAN, 40s, tall, peter pan hair, sitti behind the hotel manager's desk. Director Deagan motions toward the two seats before the d
20) 0) text: Chuck and Pete are on the air.
20) 3) dialog: Pure drama, Chuck. Pure drama. Ladies and Gentleman of the world, we have all one hundred and fifty competitors, let the Bee begin! 36. Guy passes Director Deagan, who grimaces to herself in disappointment that he made it.
26) 2) dialog: Chuck, Ling says when she grows up she wants to be president of the United States. 37.
28) 1) dialog: Next up, probably the next Spelling Bee king, Baxter Flourney.
28) 3) dialog: Well, shall we cast our votes now?
31) 1) dialog: Well Chuck, not everybody is displeased by this shocker... The camera zooms in on Guy’s devilish grin.
32) 2) dialog: Guy said when he grows up he wants to be a...well, he’s already grown up. 42.
55) 2) dialog: Ninety Nine problems, but I’m sure a misspelled bitch ain’t one of them, Chuck.
57) 1) dialog: Annnnd end scene! Unbelievable! Joyce Sacks flames out without misspelling a single word!
57) 3) dialog: I'd hate to have a look in your freezer.
59) 2) dialog: Maybe one day Lee Park will have a park named after him. The “Lee Park Park.” And then they can add a park and ride adjacent to it. The “Lee Park Park Park and Ride.” Something to be proud of, Chuck.
60) 5) dialog: Can you spell Uh-oh, Chuck?
63) 1) dialog: UN. BELIEVABLE! Guy is pulling a Thurston Howell the Third right here at the Bee! Director Deagan makes a B line to the Judges’ table.
63) 3) dialog: But I can tell you right now, Chuck, that Deagan’s gonna come up dryer than Grandma's sex toy on this one. There is no rule that states a contestant can’t drink during a round- because usually the contestants are under the legal age to drink.
82) 28) dialog: She tried to Tanya Harding him, Chuck. With a pipe. Anda ski mask. Allegedly. Much to America’s disappointment, Guy only suffered minor injuries and will be competing in the final round.
82) 32) dialog: So let’s get to it! The final round of this year’s Scribbs Institute National Spelling Bee, where the last speller standing walks away with five hundred thousand dollars- Bowman leans in to interject.
82) 34) dialog: -blah blah blah FIVE HUNDRED
84) 1) dialog: Looks like there’s some harsh words being shared between two of the contestants down there, Chuck.
86) 2) dialog: Yes. If a Chinese person could be a Ninja.
88) 2) dialog: Let’s see if the genie’s in his bottle, Pete.
88) 4) dialog: No more than calling a Chinese kid a Ninja. Let’s listen in...
90) 1) dialog: That was FAN DASH FREAKING DASH
92) 1) dialog: Ouch. The wheels came off of that wagon. Too rushed. Wayee to rushed.
92) 3) dialog: So right. You want to be the tortoise, not the hare.
92) 5) dialog: What? “Hare” as in rabbit, not “hare” as in...lip!
93) 5) dialog: Holy smokes! I don’t think there's ever been booing at the Bee before, Chuck.
93) 27) dialog: Is this a Spelling Bee or the G8 Summit?!
96) 1) dialog: And here we go, what might be the final leg of the competition.
96) 10) dialog: How ironic that fatigue made him misspell a word about fatigue.
96) 22) dialog: But, the rules of the final round dictate that because he’s one of the final two remaining contestants, Guy remains on stage. Guy sits back down. Looks at Chaitanya, who stares at Guy with amazement, all pretense of anger has washed away.
98) 2) dialog: All Chaitanya needs to do now is spell his next word correctly and he’s the new champ.
100) 4) dialog: It's almost as if they’re misspelling on purpose! I don’t think this has ever happened!
100) 19) dialog: 
100) 28) dialog: I just, really don’t know what to say, Chuck. 97.
100) 31) dialog: My theater hurts just watching the replay. Bowman departs from the Judge’s table and sits back down.
113) 5) dialog: And now the trophy ceremony. President Bowman?
113) 7) dialog: Chaitanya, how do you feel now that you’re champion?