14) 0) text: Bobby parks his car in the off street lot of Max's run-do industrial complex. Bobby walks past the many businesses  that share the structure in tandem. MEN working in an auto BODY SHOP go about their business, but discreetly watch as the unfamiliar man passes. Bobby  carries himself with the proper amount of ambivalence. He then passes a loading dock, which also has a secretive st Finally, he arrives at a STEEL DOOR, above which is mount a video camera, several generations past its prime. A steel sign reads simply: 'M and M Contracting'. Bobby rings the bell and looks up to the surveillance cam He is buzzed in.
16) 0) text: Bobby walks in. He doesn't seem like he's been there befo The first thing that hits you is all the thoroughbred rac shit all over the place. Brass table top statues, picture of jockeys with wreaths, hand-painted(!) portraits of hor faces. The second thing you notice is MAX REUBEN. He's an off-the-rack East Coast Jew. He's got deep-set eyes and Abe Vigoda brows. He wears a g shirt with a little penguin on it, and oversized reading  glasses are perched on his balding head. His nose was bro in '63. He smiles broadly as Bobby enters. Bobby forces a relaxed smile.
16) 1) dialog: (on phone) Will ya calm down. Just calm down  for a minute, Nadeleh. The money  will be there. How do I know? I just  know... Yes. Yes, that's exactly  what I'm saying... You got my word.
16) 3) dialog: You like the ponies?
16) 5) dialog: You bet the ponies?
16) 7) dialog: Smart. Hard as hell to handicap. You  know what I like? Hai Alai. Fast  game. You know why I like it?
16) 9) dialog: It's fixed. That's the only way to  win. A sure thing. See that horse.   The blaze.
16) 11) dialog: Yeah. The blaze. I bought her in  '66. Hired a trainer, stall, whatever  it was. That horse made me over a  hundred grand. In 'sixties' dollars.  You know what that is today?
16) 13) dialog: A million. Easy.
16) 15) dialog: Never won a race. But it got me in  with the trainer. We'd have a thing,  I don't remember, some fucking thing.  The jockey would raise his whip, it  meant the fix was in, we'd all go  running. People get greedy. First  they bet small, they keep their mouth  shut. Within a month's time, everyone  and their brother was in on it. The  odds would drop, I mean you could  watch the goddamn board. It looked  like a fuckin stopwatch, the odds  would drop so fast.
16) 17) text: Maxie laughs a genuine laugh.
16) 18) dialog: I like you, kid. Why do you gotta  make it so hard for me to take care  of you?
16) 20) dialog: Last time, maybe, with the Puerto  Ricans, but these were nice Jewish  boys.
16) 22) dialog: They're fucking yeshiva buchas. You  didn't have to tear up the goddamn  place. You knocked out a guys teeth.
16) 24) dialog: Bobby, I love Jessica like she's my  own daughter. I would kill anyone so  much as lays a finger on her or her  beautiful daughter, but that fucking  pisher you socked in the mouth has  the most expensive dentist in Beverly  Hills and wants I should buy him an  implant. Your silverback horseshit's  gonna cost me eight grand.
16) 26) dialog: Not driving Jess, you won't.
16) 28) dialog: You're not driving Jess no more.   Two strikes, Bobby, and this last  one was big. The bachelor's father  goes to my schul.
16) 30) dialog: I didn't say that.
16) 32) dialog: Bobby. You're a bull terrier and I  got you herding sheep.
16) 34) dialog: It's my fault. I send you out to  watch scum drool all over the love  of your life, then I wonder why you  seered. It's my fault. The tooth is  on me. But no more. I'm 'reassigning'  you.
16) 36) dialog: Who the fuck do you think you're  talking to? This ain't a fucking  democracy. You want out?
16) 38) dialog: Don't I put food on you're table? I  sponsor your training, I take care  of your girl and her little baby. I  even pay that deadbeat friend of  yours to push a goddamn broom.
16) 40) dialog: Now you wanna shut up and listen and  hear what I got to say?
16) 42) dialog: I got a way we make everybody happy.
16) 44) dialog: We try something out. There's someone  I'm in business with named Ruiz. I  want you to accompany him on a drop. (off Bobby's look) Just as scenery. Ruiz has his boys.   I just want a big guinea with a busted  up face to give him a deep bench. As  a deterrent.
16) 46) dialog: Ruiz wants to go alone, but it's not  up to Ruiz. It's up to me, and I  like a sure thing. Just go and we're  square on the tooth.
16) 48) dialog: Ricky? Ricky 'I lost the truck' Ricky?
16) 50) dialog: That was before he lost my carpet  cleaning van.
16) 52) dialog: I don't know the kid, and what little  I do scares me.
16) 54) dialog: You vouch for him?
16) 57) dialog: (lighter) How 'bout this. If you're in, he's  in.
16) 59) dialog: You're ready to move up. Christ, the  way you busted up the place, you're  doing worse already. May as well get  paid instead of punished.
16) 61) dialog: Do me a favor. Think about it. Is  that too much too ask?
26) 8) dialog: This is the last time I speak to  either of you in person about work  related matters. All of our  interactions in the future will be  social. If you have any questions  about anything work related, you  will direct them to Ruiz. He has my  full confidence.
27) 0) text: Max sits behind his desk as he briefs Bobby and Ricky. Bo wears sweats. Ricky wears a suit. Max speaks with a direc suggesting gravity. He lays down two MANILA ENVELOPES. Th two guys pick them up.
27) 1) dialog: Everything you need or need to know  is in these envelopes. Do not --
27) 3) dialog: open the envelopes until you have  left this office.
27) 4) text: Ricky sheepishly draws a length of scotch tape from Max's desk set dispenser. Mid-pull, he becomes self-conscious and asks for permissi
27) 6) dialog: Go ahead. Open the fuckin things.  You should each find fifteen hundred --
27) 8) dialog: dollars in c-notes, a numeric pager,  a double-A battery, and a first class  round-trip ticket to JFK.
27) 10) dialog: (with detectable  condescension) Yes. You're going to New York.
27) 12) dialog: That money is your per diem.
27) 16) dialog: Yes, for expenses and such. Now,  you'll be contacted on your pager as  to where you should go. You each  have been given an extra battery, so  there is absolutely no excuse as to  why a page would not be immediately  returned. Am I making myself  abundantly clear?
27) 19) dialog: You will not carry any other pagers  with you. You will not carry anything,  for that matter, that I have not  just given you.
27) 21) dialog: What?
27) 23) dialog: You can carry your keys. You will  not mention my name or imply that  you are in my employ. You will not  speak to anyone while you are working.  When you are not working, you are  considered to be 'on call' and  available twenty-four hours a day.  This means you will not get drunk or  do anything that will prevent you  from operating in a professional  manner. There is already a number in  your pager's memory. It is a car  service. When they ask you what  account, you will respond: 'Cardiff  Giant.' They will pick you up and  take you anywhere you need to go. In  other words, there is no reason why  you should not reach any destination  that you will be called upon to reach  within fifteen minutes. Do you see a  pattern forming?
27) 26) dialog: What is it?
27) 28) dialog: Not you. I want Ricky to answer.
27) 30) dialog: Tell me.
27) 32) dialog: So tell me how it is.
27) 34) dialog: Because you lost my fucking carpet  cleaning van and I don't like you.
27) 37) dialog: Yes. Goodbye.
27) 39) dialog: Goodbye.
91) 0) text: Bobby and Ricky sit before Max. They look the worst we've ever seen them. They've obviously not slept or changed ye and flew right out after the melee. Maxie looks at the open case of cash. A long, tense BEAT of unclear reaction. Is Maxie mad or h Finally...
91) 1) dialog: You did good.
91) 3) dialog: I never intended to test you two to  that extent, but you both came  through. I should've been informed  there was a flag on the play, but  I'll take that up with Ruiz. I made  a few calls back East. Those punks  weren't tied in with anyone. As for  the Welshman, he wasn't in on it. He  was just plain dumb. As for you,  Ricky, your draw will go towards a  new carpet cleaning van.
91) 5) dialog: We're square.
91) 7) dialog: And, as for you, Bobby, you just  moved up a notch. Your days of  fighting for crumbs is through. Take  a week off, come back, and we'll  talk about the next thing.
91) 9) dialog: Take a few days --
91) 11) dialog: I hate to ruin your fairy tale, but  I've been paying Jess' rent for six  months. She's got to keep dancing --
91) 12) text: Bobby throws his stack of cash at Maxie. Ricky grimaces.
91) 15) dialog: (smiling) You got a lot to learn, kid. Say hi  to Jess for me.