47) 0) text: The restaurant is now closed, but RUIZ sits in a rear boo on a Nokia. He is a slim, young black man with a tight ro fro. He wears a rolex, but, other than that, nothing flas He's wearing dark Gucci slacks, a black pullover crew-nec shirt, and a black, red and orange racing leather jacket. must have pull here, because 'Between the Sheets' is play over the stereo of this bare-bones, Italian eatery.
47) 1) dialog: (on cell) Nah, man. Nah. Too risky. I don't  like it... I want out... It's too  risky... Listen, man, we made a lot  of money together on this one, but  it's over. Shit's gonna come down...   Well, then, you got my blessing. I'm  selling my end. This internet shit's  too volatile. I'll keep my block of  Microsoft, but I'm taking profits on  Yahoo and all the portal stocks. The  bubble's gonna pop, man... Alright,  peace.
47) 2) text: The three men approach Ruiz's table.
47) 3) dialog: That's it? This is Maxie's cavalry?   Who the fuck swole you up like that?
47) 5) dialog: Shit. If that shit don't beat all.   Maxie sent me two fuckin broke ass  swole up guineas from the West side.  I coulda signed up some hard local  guineas for beer money. Ain't that  right, Leo?
47) 8) dialog: Yeah, bring us four fernet.
47) 11) dialog: What, motherfucker? You drinking  'the witch' after dinner?
47) 13) dialog: Some fuckin guineas he sent me. It's  midnight and the motherfucker's  ordering an apertif.
47) 17) dialog: Nigger, please. Don't even order  that artichoke shit. West side  guineas. Forget the drinks, Leo. We  gotta roll. What do I owe you?
47) 19) dialog: Thanks, man. You need anything, you  call.
47) 21) dialog: You rode?
47) 23) dialog: (hits speed dial) Jimmy? Ruiz. Pick up Maxie's guineas  at LUNA and bring them to Spa. (hangs up) Jimmy's bringing the car around. Me  and Ho rode sleds. We'll meet you at  Spa in the VIP room.
49) 32) text: This altercation is cut short by the arrival of Ruiz and  Horrace. The Red Sea parts as they approach the door.
49) 34) dialog: A little. How's it going tonight?
49) 36) dialog: Yeah.
50) 0) text: Bobby and Ricky are lead into the club and past a window another set of ropes. Their hands are stamped several times representing the hi level of security clearance. They file down a staircase a into one common area where hip-hop plays and people dance Ruiz and Horrace touch hands with an endless stream of  ACQUAINTANCES. They pass a myriad of rooms and seating ar then down a narrow corridor where they encounter yet anot DOORMAN who waves them past a CLUMP of VIP hopefuls. They trot down a short bank of stairs and into...
51) 0) text: ...a series of passageways furnished like a French parlor Lithe MODELS sit amongst Dreadlocked white boys. After ye another bar, the crowd vomits into a cavernous bomb shelt A pulsing dance floor is surrounded by a series of couche and coffee tables, representing the private seating areas At the far end of the room is an elevated stage with a DJ and a banner reading 'GRANDMASTER FLASH'. The party is gr by a male club PROMOTER. He hugs Ruiz. With the slightest nods, the party is lead to the prime table with a table t marked 'RESERVED.' They sit down as a beautiful MODEL/WAI brings two buckets of champagne and fluted glasses. Bobby and Ricky try to hide how impressed they are as they look each other. GIRLS on the dance floor throw priceless look toward their table. Ricky raises a glass to one. Ruiz fin looks at them and leans in. He's spotted someone.
51) 1) dialog: That's him. Now you all know the  drill, right?
51) 4) dialog: Maxie told you to keep your mouth  shut while you're working, right?
51) 7) dialog: What the fuck you think, I wanna  'hang' with you motherfuckers? Yeah  you're working. And put down the  champagne.
51) 9) dialog: Far as she knows you're John Gotti.   Now put the shit down and act like  you got some ass.
51) 10) text: Ruiz gets up and crosses to a BRITISH looking GUY across room. They watch.
51) 23) text: They settle in and Ruiz comes back with the WELSHMAN. The both laughing.
51) 24) dialog: Here, man, sit down.
51) 26) dialog: Not really. Just some friends from  out West. This is Ho, Bobby, and  Rick.
51) 30) text: This draws GLARES from Ruiz, Ho, and especially Bobby. Af an uncomfortable pause, the Welshman breaks the tension w laughter.
51) 39) dialog: (changing the subject) Come here, there's someone I want  you to meet. You like big tiddies?
51) 41) text: They walk off. Ruiz sneaks a glare.
52) 0) text: Ricky and Bobby are being lectured by Ruiz, who sits acro from them next to Horrace.
52) 1) dialog: What the fuck was you told? Don't  talk, right?
52) 5) dialog: 'Dis?' 'Dis?' You're not in a position  to 'dis', or 'give props', or whatever  your Real World sense of fucking  decorum tells you to do. You're  nothing. You're wallpaper. You're  not here to make fucking friends.  Asking a motherfucker where he lives.  And who the fuck told you 'Red  Dragon'?.
52) 7) dialog: Now that Limey motherfucker's jumpy  and wants to change shit around on  me. Maxie's gonna shit a Nokia when  he hears about... Aw, shit, I better  call him before he hears.
52) 8) text: Ruiz pulls out his cell phone and steps out, slamming the door.
52) 18) text: Outside, Ruiz starts his bike. Horrace slides out.
63) 0) text: The MAITRE D' leads them past an orgy of a BUFFET. Everyt looks sickening to our bloated drunks. The head of a whit in particular makes an impression on the boys. They are lead to a table joining Ruiz and Horrace, who ar both dressed appropriately for a society brunch.
63) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ, where the fuck you  been all night? You look like you  got shit out in the gorilla house.
63) 4) dialog: You think this shit's funny, Ho?
63) 6) dialog: You think it's funny, motherfucker?
63) 9) dialog: Don't 'easy Ruiz' me. Y'all turned a  Easter egg hunt into a butt-fuck-a- thon. (to waiter) Bring me four eggs Benedict and a  mimosa. You all want mimosas?
63) 12) dialog: Four mimosas. (to guys) You'll love them. So here's the plan.  I didn't say shit to Maxie, cause  the man has acute angina, and I don't  want to get him all worked up.
63) 15) dialog: I didn't tell him shit. He worries  too much. I love that old Jew, but  he's gonna kill himself worrying. We  started this shit, and we're gonna  finish it.
63) 17) dialog: Outfit? What's he talking about?
63) 20) dialog: Last thing I want is you with a gun.
63) 23) dialog: Tom, the Welsh dude --
63) 25) dialog: Shut it, man. Shut it. Tom is a  square. He don't but dabble in shit.   Maxie had me hook up a loan-back  with him, through an Austrian passbook  account.
63) 27) dialog: Will you tell Peter Jennings to shut  up and fucking listen. The shit's as  routine as you get. I coulda turned  it over offshore in a week, but Maxie  likes to do it all his way. Safe. I  coulda dropped the bag alone. It's  only two hundred G's. But he sent  you all. So I can either send you  home and tell Maxie, or we can flush  the toilet one more time and hope it  all goes down.
63) 30) dialog: Now listen. The gig couldn't be  simpler. You carry the money to the  Welshman, he checks it, hands you  his marker, you're done. The washed  money goes directly to Maxie. Long  as you hand off the bag, you're tight.
63) 32) dialog: You three are gonna meet him for  dinner. Find out if and where. Now  any of you motherfuckers got anything  else to say?
63) 34) dialog: What?
63) 36) dialog: That's none of your fucking business.