9) 0) text: Bobby settles into a bar stool, watching the action from distance. WENDY, a slutty Pam Anderson pre-tit-removal  wannabe, is already bouncing her ass ghetto-style in a yo agent's face. The crowd gravitates to the new meat like a pack of ravenous dingoes. A beautiful young BARTENDER wit her hair tied back drops a cocktail napkin in front of Bo She sees his bruises.
9) 23) text: Wendy is now being dry humped by two guys. Jessica looks  over at her, and is concerned. Lines of protocol are  definitely being crossed. Jess' horny guy makes a bold mo jamming his face in her cleavage.  In a split second, Bob has crossed the room and has him by a wrist. The guy is  surprised by Bobby's presence and grotesque appearance.
9) 28) text: She hands Bobby a stack of sweaty bills. He walks away,  zipping the roll into his pocket. When he arrives at the  bar, a drunk EXECUTIVE is having a quiet conversation wit Horrace. Horrace looks around, answers, and the executive picks quite a few hundreds out of his wallet. Horrace wal him back to Wendy. Bobby grinds his teeth and points to h empty glass. The bartender pours and watches the interact as Wendy walks off with the executive. The party howls as they leave the room for some privacy.
9) 39) text: Bobby drags his girl by the arm to the men's room. He kic open the door and grabs Wendy, who is doing coke off a mi with her john. He drags the women out. Horrace disappears PARTIER calls to the bartender.
10) 0) text: Bobby drives, eyes locked on the road. Jess is beside him Wendy's in the back.
10) 1) dialog: What the fuck was that about?
10) 3) dialog: I got news for you, Bobby, he don't  give a shit.
10) 5) dialog: You think he don't know? I give him  his cut of seventeen hundred, I think  he knows I can't make that lap  dancing.
10) 8) dialog: Fuck you! No more for you. You won't  be Jess' driver for shit when Maxie  hears this shit happened again.
10) 10) dialog: And how could you fucking leave  Horrace hanging?
10) 12) dialog: Bullshit.