6) 0) text: MR. MILES, 50’s, glasses, dry humor, is in session with 3 High School STUDENTS. The chalkboard behind him reads: Sociology. Nathan, Gilly, Jake and Karen are all in attendance, as M Miles SPEAKS.
6) 1) dialog: Well, I’m sure you’ve all heard about the Maritime kidnapper. He struck again last night. Fifth child in less than three months. Mr. Miles removes a Playboy magazine from inside Jake’s o textbook.
6) 2) dialog: I’m considering having you all write an essay on him, if you don’t get your grades up soon. Mr. Miles SLAPS a ruler on a SLEEPING STUDENT’S desk, awakening him.
6) 3) dialog: You_may think this class is a bullshit elective, people, but it goes on your report card, all the same. All I’m asking for is to raise you average class grade above a ‘C’. In case you don’t remember... a ‘C’ is a fairly low, shitty grade. It shouldn’t be too hard to rise above it. SNORING can be heard from the back of the room.
6) 4) dialog: Somehow, I’m sure you’re gonna screw this up. Nathan also starts dozing off...
12) 9) text: Mr. Miles, WRITES a large /D’ on the chalkboard, under average class grade. Nathan looks out the window as Mr. Miles SPEAKS. Karen looks sullen.
12) 10) dialog: Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to write a four page essay on the subject of missing children. Percentage of disappearance rate, how often they’re found, under what circumstances. Etc. Etc. The room GROANS. ERNESTO, 17, raises his hand. MR. MILES (CONT’D) Yes, Ernesto?
12) 12) dialog: Then you get a big, fat stinky ‘F’, mi amigo. On the semester. And remember, people, Wikipedia is not your friend. I want the cold, hard facts on this one. And I want them by Friday. The room GROANS more.
12) 13) dialog: I know, I know. Your lives are destroyed forever. But to lessen the workload, I’m going to let each of you partner up with someone on this one, and then you can share the responsibility, as well as the grade. Fair enough? The bell RINGS. Everyone starts to gather their textbooks
12) 14) dialog: I also want one page dedicated to a specific incident of a missing child in the United States, within the past thirty years. NOT the Maritime kidnapper. (beat) (MORE )
12) 16) dialog: If anyone wants to donate an apple or a candy bar to me, you may do so at this time. EXT. HALLWAY / KAREN’S LOCKER -- MOMENTS LATER Karen, not talkative, removes her textbooks from her lock while her GIRLFRIENDS JABBER.