0) 0) text: A WOMAN, mid 20’s, enters the room, revealing a breath-ta view of Toronto -- specifically the CN Tower -- the world tallest free-standing structure. When she enters the bedroom suite, she starts feeling diz nauseous, and begins losing her balance. The room becomes blurry, and she kneels to the ground, holding her stomach She writhes on the floor for a moment, COUGHING, before crawling towards the phone. As she slides against the side of the bed, reaching for t phone, someone’s hand GRABS her wrist... and gently pulls away. Two MEN IN GAS-MASKS stand over her. One of them, VICTOR KOZLOW, 30’s, kneels over her, as she GASPS for air. His comrade, BECKER, 30's, searches through her suitcase. Kozlow holds up a small plastic gas-mask, and places it o her nose and mouth. She begins breathing much easier. Kozlow calmly SPEAKS with a Ukrainian accent.
0) 2) dialog: Beyond your reach.
0) 5) dialog: (smiles) Beyond your reach... Kozlow removes the mask, causing the Woman to GASP for ai again. He watches her, as she begins to tremble.
0) 7) text: What you're feeling right now, is your nervous system deteriorating. If you answer my question correctly, you can keep the mask. If not, I will keep the mask. Do you understand? The woman nods again. Kozlow places the mask back on her face.
0) 9) dialog: And in that one time... you’1ll get the same answer. The woman RIPS the mask off, and tosses it under the bed.
1) 0) text: “American Woman” continues on the radio, as three TEENAGE drive down the highway. GILLY, 18, (male) longish hair, drives while JAKE, 17, heavy set, sits in the passenger s NATHAN HARPER, 18, tee-shirt-and-jeans type, sits in the seat, looking out the window. Jake and Gilly are LAUGHING as they pass a joint around t car. When they offer it to Nathan, he passes. Gilly SINGS along with the song, while Nathan and Jake LA at him. They pass a road sign which reads: Bridgewater, Virginia
7) 0) text: Nathan lies in bed, while a SHADOWED WOMAN sits next to h As the rain outside POUNDS against the window, the woman SINGS to Nathan in a kind, but eerie way. 11.
7) 1) dialog: (echo-y) Que Sera, Sera, Whatever will be, will be The future's not ours, to see Que Sera, Sera What will be, will be. Nathan reaches out to touch her face, but his hand goes r through her. She's a ghost.
57) 0) text: Nathan and Karen enter the tiny ma-and-pop shop. 70. An OLD STOREKEEPER mans the counter. An OLD WOMAN, presumably the Storekeeper’s wife, is stocking shelves. Nathan approaches the Storekeeper.
57) 9) dialog: Oh come on, George. Nearest hospital’s fifteen miles away. (to Nathan) I'll fix her up in the back room. Hospital would charge you a thousand dollars for a band-aid.
58) 0) text: The Old Woman has cleaned up Karen a bit. They’re smiling and getting along fine, when Nathan walks in.
58) 2) dialog: Of course. The Woman leaves the room as Nathan kneels down next to Karen.
74) 21) dialog: And in that one time... you'll get the same answer. Lorna RIPS the mask off, and tosses it under the bed... .--to young Nathan, who immediately puts it on.
87) 0) text: Sweeping MUSIC fills the air. It’s the “BLUE DENUBE WALTZ by Strauss. Hundreds of GUESTS in tuxedos and evening gowns are danci CHATTING, eating and drinking. A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN approaches Martin. She reaches her hand out for a dance.
87) 1) dialog: Are you ready, darling?