40) 11) dialog: Hello, Martin. This won't take very long. Martin tries to raise up but can't move -- his arms and l are like lead. He opens his mouth to call out, his voice barely a murmur. His eyes lock on the IV bag, the steady drip... drip... down the line into his body... The two men quickly lift Martin, hefting him face-down on gurney. One arm dangles.
40) 12) text: -- The Men's shoes, thick soled, black. Linoleum Tile. Wheels of the gurney. -- Jones, stuffing his clothes and effects into a plastic bag, tossing them under the gurney. Smith pushing...
40) 21) dialog: (German, subtitles:) We have instruction to move this patient to the American Hospital at Wiesbaden. Here are the papers. The rustle of paper. Martin CONCENTRATES, eyes on the IV tube, hanging between the bars of the gurney and his arm. Great Effort, He LEANS, pinching the tube closed. CLOSE ON THE IV: The drips... stop.
41) 0) text: The MRI ROOM door opens, the two 'orderlies' wheel the ba conscious Martin out into the corridor. Behind them, the room is spotless. They round a corner, almost at the EXIT... Doors ahead BL OPEN. Doctors, Paramedics rushing forward with various WOUNDED on gurneys. Something big has happened. Smith and Jones eye the madness coming their way, command decision, they duck into
42) 0) text: . where a feeble OLD MAN mumbles at them from his bed. They ignore the man, go about checking Martin. Jones lift his head, pries open one eyelid after the other while Smi ties down his arms, covers him with a sheet.
43) 0) text: ALARMS RING. Emergency team clusters around a lifeless PATIENT, working fast. Smith and Jones, resentfully holdi drip bags. They heard that. Turn, eyes meeting. Set down their drip bags. Edge back toward the door...
44) 0) text: Smith and Jones, hurrying down the hall. Quick check into the patient's room reveals Martin GONE, the old man GESTURING, panicked... They moves on, fast, around a corner into...
46) 0) text: CHAOS here. Ambulances arriving, departing. Crews slammin their rigs closed, taking off, SIRENS WAILING. Other arriving with wounded... Smith and Jones rush out of the hospital doors, pull up. many ambulances, the crowds... no sign of Martin.
68) 0) text: Crowds parting as FIRE TRUCKS scream around the corner. Smith comes out, the last to exit the building. He meets eyes with Jones, satisfied.
70) 0) text: Jones drives, Smith shotgun. They cruise slowly, keeping eye peeled. Pass the debris-covered taxi, empty. They kee moving, gaze still tracking. Smith pops his cell phone.
72) 0) text: A maze of tracks and power lines below street level. S-Ba U-Bahn, high-speed ICE trains, freight... tracks disappearing in each direction into tunnels. A sound. Martin turns, looks up... THE RANGE ROVER, Jones at the wheel... SPOTS THEM. Engine GUNS, Range Rover plunges headlong down the embankment... Whistling ROAR... as a HIGH SPEED TRAIN hurtles out of th one of the tunnels. Martin grabs Gina's hand.