40) 12) text: -- The Men's shoes, thick soled, black. Linoleum Tile. Wheels of the gurney. -- Jones, stuffing his clothes and effects into a plastic bag, tossing them under the gurney. Smith pushing...
41) 0) text: The MRI ROOM door opens, the two 'orderlies' wheel the ba conscious Martin out into the corridor. Behind them, the room is spotless. They round a corner, almost at the EXIT... Doors ahead BL OPEN. Doctors, Paramedics rushing forward with various WOUNDED on gurneys. Something big has happened. Smith and Jones eye the madness coming their way, command decision, they duck into
43) 0) text: ALARMS RING. Emergency team clusters around a lifeless PATIENT, working fast. Smith and Jones, resentfully holdi drip bags. They heard that. Turn, eyes meeting. Set down their drip bags. Edge back toward the door...
44) 0) text: Smith and Jones, hurrying down the hall. Quick check into the patient's room reveals Martin GONE, the old man GESTURING, panicked... They moves on, fast, around a corner into...
45) 0) text: Very busy. Patients... doctors and nurses. Smith and Jone push into the room, scanning... see:
46) 0) text: CHAOS here. Ambulances arriving, departing. Crews slammin their rigs closed, taking off, SIRENS WAILING. Other arriving with wounded... Smith and Jones rush out of the hospital doors, pull up. many ambulances, the crowds... no sign of Martin.
65) 1) dialog: Laying in wait near the entrance to Gina's place. Hand tucked in his coat. Gaze RACKS, looking for another way..
68) 0) text: Crowds parting as FIRE TRUCKS scream around the corner. Smith comes out, the last to exit the building. He meets eyes with Jones, satisfied.
70) 0) text: Jones drives, Smith shotgun. They cruise slowly, keeping eye peeled. Pass the debris-covered taxi, empty. They kee moving, gaze still tracking. Smith pops his cell phone.
72) 14) dialog: Jumps up. Sprints after them. Through the steel door...
73) 0) text: Smith sprinting up to a landing. Another landing. Narrow tunnel. Booming ECHOES. Rush of AIR. Smith dashes around corner. Slows...
75) 0) text: The crowd dissipates into the night. Gina takes Martin's hands, pulls him along a street of neon club signs, lines youth waiting to get in. BEHIND THEM. Smith emerges from the station, tracks them.
85) 0) text: SMITH sits on a bench near a pond, tossing bread crumbs t ducks. His phone chirps, he checks it and is MOVING...
92) 0) text: Liz wanders past some flamingos, checks a sign, heads in another direction. Behind her, Martin keeps his distance, keeps his eyes on Smith who's shadowing Liz, one path over...
98) 0) text: Smith's path has veered him away from Liz's. Frustrated, he's a little lost. His eyes play over the entrance to th lower area, other women, also with umbrellas...
118) 0) text: Gina DUCKS as bullets pierce the front windscreen. The im of Smith, firing, grows large...
119) 0) text: Taxi catches Smith, carrying into the van, crushing him a the two vehicles slide towards the edge... Cole is HURLED across the van like a rag-doll, his legs a crushed between buckling rows of seats as... . The van SLIDES with the TAXI'S IMPACT... front wheels pushed off the garage edge... teeters, see-sawing. Gina scrambles from the wrecked taxi. Runs toward Martin, lying on the ground. Pulls Martin away, arm around him...