3) 23) text: Alright. Ree takes a last look at her horse and retraces her steps across the yard. EXT. REE’S YARD - DAY Ree chops wood. She’s got headphones on and the music is fueling her chopping. There is the sound of a car approaching. Nickdog barks an runs across the yard to greet the car. Ree’s relatives, Sonya and her husband, BLOND MILTON, are skinning a deer in their yard. They look up to see who’s approaching. As the car gets closer, Ree can see that it police car. She throws down her axe and approaches the ca as it pulls to a stop. SHERIFF BASKIN, 30's, gets out. Ree climbs the porch step and blocks the front door of her house. EXT. REE’S HOUSE, PORCH - DAY
12) 30) dialog: Ree, Get out here! EXT. REE’S HOUSE, PORCH - DAY Ree opens the door and steps out.
12) 31) dialog: Do you know, there’s people going ‘round saying you best shut up. People you ought to listen to. Get your ass in the truck. He grabs Ree’s arm.
12) 33) dialog: Get your ass in the truck. 28. Blond Milton pushes Ree towards the truck. Ree grabs the porch beam to resist. Blond Milton shoves her down the stairs.
12) 35) dialog: Get in the truck! Sonny comes out of the house.
12) 37) dialog: D’ruther I hit you, boy?
12) 41) dialog: Having balls is good, boy, but don’t let ‘em get you hurt.
12) 43) dialog: (to Ree) Get your dumb ass in the truck.
12) 45) dialog: Get in the truck. There’s something that you need to see. 29. Ree and Blond Milton get into the truck. INT. BLOND MILTON’S TRUCK - DAY (DRIVING)
12) 46) dialog: Jessup and me may have had our tussles, but he was my cousin. It’s always a bad deal when these things blow.
12) 48) dialog: Down the road.
12) 50) dialog: To someplace you need to see. Ree anxiously looks around trying to get her bearings.
12) 52) dialog: This right here is the last place me or anybody seen Jessup.
12) 54) dialog: I know it. But something must have jumped wrong this time.
12) 56) dialog: Well, you cook long enough, this is bound to happen.
12) 58) dialog: That's what I’m saying.
12) 60) dialog: No! That shit’s poison. It'll rip the skin off your bones!
12) 62) dialog: Ree! Ree wrests herself free and gets out of the truck, slammi the door behind her. Blond watches as she approaches the ruined house.
13) 0) text: Ree walks across the road to the burned out house. She cautiously approaches the house, looking at the detai of the wreckage. One wall is blown out to the yard, windo have exploded and the blackened wall fragments and insula dangle from the broken studs. She takes in a melted stove and notes weeds growing throu the floorboards. INT. BLOND MILTON’S TRUCK - DAY (DRIVING) Ree and Blond Milton drive home silently. Ree looks out t window, lost in thought, weighing her options. 31. EXT. BLOND MILTON’S HOUSE - DAY Blond Milton and Ree get out of the truck in front of his house. He stops Ree as she starts to walk home across the holler. Ree walks
13) 1) dialog: I know losing Jessup leaves you all hurting over there. I know it’s a lot to handle.
13) 3) dialog: Sonya and me talked about it. We feel we could take Sonny off your hands. Not Ashlee, I don’t reckon, but we could take Sonny.
13) 5) dialog: We could take him and raise him up the rest of the way.
13) 7) dialog: We'd raise the boy way better’n you and that nut job mama of yours can. Maybe on down the line we'd take Ashlee, too.