10) 0) text: Ree crosses the road and heads up a hill. EXT. MEGAN’S YARD - LATE AFTERNOON Ree enters a yard with laundry hanging on a line. A donke grazing on the other side of the fence. A half-eaten appl has rolled out of his reach. She picks it up and feeds it the donkey. MEGAN, 20, comes out onto the porch and calls out to Ree.
10) 1) dialog: Hey! What’s your business here?
10) 3) dialog: Hold on. 20. Megan goes inside the house. Ree takes in the details of yard. The wind strikes up, ominous clanking sounds surrou her. Megan comes back out with her coat on, approaches Ree, an guides her through the densely packed debris in the yard.
10) 4) dialog: My name’s Megan, and I do know you, really. Seen you at some of the reunions. I knew Jessup when I seen him, too. Never did talk with him much.
10) 6) dialog: Knew him when I seen him around, I mean. He does stuff I hear about.
10) 8) dialog: They all do now. You don’t even need to say it out loud. INT. LITTLE ARTHUR’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON LITTLE ARTHUR, mid-30s, nervously looks out his window. EXT. LITTLE ARTHUR’S YARD - AFTERNOON Megan and Ree approach Little Arthur’s house.
10) 9) dialog: If Arthur’s been runnin’ on crank for a day or two, you should just leave, okay? The door opens and Little Arthur smiles at Ree.
10) 21) dialog: Your dad left you to do all that? That’s fucked up.
11) 0) text: Megan and Ree walk up the road.
11) 1) dialog: Don’t tell nobody it was me who told you this, okay? (MORE )
11) 2) text: MEGAN (cont'd) But you’re going to have to go on up the hill and ask for a talk with Thump Milton. Now, I hope he’1l talk with you - he generally won't.
11) 4) dialog: Well, scared ain’t a bad way to be about him, neither, hon. He’s my own granpaw, and I still make damn sure I never piss him off none. They continue walking until they reach Megan's property. EXT. MEGAN’S YARD - AFTERNOON
11) 5) dialog: You go see Thump. Megan holds down a barbed wire fence to allow Ree to clim over it.
11) 6) dialog: Go on. Ree heads up the hill while Megan watches her go.
19) 6) dialog: What are we ever gonna do with you, baby girl?
19) 8) dialog: That idea has been said already. Got any others?
19) 10) dialog: I tried to help you some before, and this is what come of it. Megan backs away as Thump Milton enters the barn and walk to Ree. He grasps her chin and examines her bloody face, shooting a look at Merab.