12) 0) text: Ree trudges through the woods. Dry leaves and branches crackle under her footsteps as she makes her way. EXT. THUMP MILTON’S YARD - AFTERNOON MERAB, 50’s, comes out to the porch of her house. Ree crosses the yard. Dogs herald her arrival with loud barki
12) 1) dialog: You’ve got the wrong place, I expect. Who might you be?
12) 3) dialog: You ain’t here for trouble, are you?
12) 5) dialog: Cause one of my nephews is Buster Leroy, and didn’t he shoot your daddy one time?
12) 7) dialog: Shooting him likely settled it. What is it you want?
12) 9) dialog: And he ain’t got no need to talk to you. Merab turns away towards her doorway.
12) 12) dialog: Ain’t you got no men could do this?
12) 14) dialog: You go wait in the yard somewhere by that coop, and I’1l tell Thump you're here.
12) 17) dialog: He ain’t likely to have time for you, child.
12) 19) dialog: Nope. Talking just causes witnesses. And he don’t want for any of those.
12) 21) dialog: You need to get yourself on home. She gives Ree the mug.
12) 22) dialog: Here, drink it down and be on your way. Ree drinks and hands the empty mug back to Merab.
12) 24) dialog: Thump knows you were in the valley, child. With Megan. And at Little Arthur’s. He knows what you want to ask, and he don’t want to hear it.
12) 26) dialog: If you’re listening, child, you got your answer. Merab turns her back and walks toward her house. Ree call after her.
12) 28) dialog: Don’t you dare. Don’t! I want you to listen to me, child. You need to turn around, and get yourself on home. Merab turns and walks back to her house. As she reaches t doorstep, she turns back towards Ree. 27. MERAB (CONT’D) Don’t you make me come out here and tell you again! Merab enters the house and slams the door. As Ree stomps away, Merab eyes her suspiciously from the window. EXT. REE’S HOUSE - DAY Ashlee bounces on the trampoline on a toy horse. Ree comes out onto the porch.
19) 2) dialog: I done told you to leave him be. Merab and Alice grab Ree and drag her to the barn with Ti leading the way. Ree resists with all her strength. MERAB (CONT’D) Get her, Alice!
19) 4) dialog: That’s what you get for not listening. Ree’s screams pierce the air as the barn door lowers. INT. THUMP MILTON’S BARN - NIGHT Ree regains consciousness in the glow of a fluorescent li She can see the rafters of the barn ceiling and a large assortment of metal tools and pieces of equipment all aro her. Merab stands over her.
19) 5) dialog: You was warned. You was warned nice and you wouldn’t listen - why didn’t you listen? Ree spits a bloody tooth into her palm. She looks around sees people she can barely make out, watching her in sile Among them she recognizes; Little Arthur, SPIDER MILTON, RAY. Megan bends down next to Ree and strokes her hair.
19) 19) dialog: He never! No man here touched that crazy girl. I put the hurt on her. Me and my sisters, they was here too. Thump Milton walks back into the barn flanked by Ray and Bobby. He stops within an arm’s length of Teardrop.
25) 32) dialog: We're going to fix your problem for you. 66.
25) 34) dialog: I know you do. But you won’t. You'll put that scatter gun away and come along with us.
25) 36) dialog: We'll take you to your daddy’s bones. We know the place. We need to put a stop to all this nonsense talk about us we’ve been having to hear.
25) 38) dialog: I know. But everybody else has. Ree gestures with the shotgun.
25) 40) dialog: No, you won't bring that, either. You want his bones, you'll set that down and come along.
26) 0) text: KAT, Merab’s sister, opens the gate to the field. Merab drives through and parks in the field. Merab, Tilly and Alice get out.
26) 1) dialog: You can go on and take that sack off your head. Give it to me. Ree removes a burlap sack from her head and gets out of t car. 67.
26) 2) dialog: Child, you might know where you are. If you do, you forget you know it. You get me? Ree nods. Merab pulls a chainsaw from the trunk and hands to Alice. Merab and Kat illuminate the ground with flashlights as M leads the group through the gathering darkness to the edg a pond. Cows moo plaintively. The sisters pull a rowboat from the underbrush. No one speaks. Merab, Alice and Ree get in. Kat puts the chainsaw in the boat and Merab paddl away from shore towards a tangle of branches in the middl the pond.
26) 3) dialog: He should be right there. You're gonna need to reach down and tug him up. Ree removes her coat and rolls up her sleeves. She hesitates.
26) 4) dialog: He ain’t deep. Ree plunges her arm into the pond, groping in the water.
26) 5) dialog: Straight down. Can you feel of him? Ree shivers, feels something and gasps, recoiling. Merab shines a light on the water as Ree goes back in, horrifie but determined, grabbing a firm hold of an icy hand.
26) 6) dialog: Alright now, take this. Merab lifts the chainsaw to Ree.
26) 8) dialog: Well, how else you gonna get his hands? 68. No.
26) 11) dialog: Hold his arm out straight, child. Merab starts the saw and begins to cut. Ree sobs. She drops the severed hand in the boat. Her father’s body sinks away from her grasp.
26) 12) dialog: Why’d you let go? You’re gonna need both hands, or sure as shit they’1l say he cut one off to keep from going to prison. They know that trick. Now reach back down in there, now - quick. Ree reaches back into the pond. She grabs hold of Jessup’ body again and hangs on. Merab revs the chainsaw and seve the second hand. Ree is stunned, Merab wraps her coat around her.
26) 13) dialog: (whispering) Let it go. Ree is motionless.
26) 14) dialog: Let's go, Alice. They row away, leaving an oily film on the water’s surfac INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE, WAITING ROOM - DAY Ree sits waiting for Baskin with a plastic bag on As she waits, the DISPATCHER answers radio calls. Baskin appears and motions for her to come inside