3) 23) text: Alright. Ree takes a last look at her horse and retraces her steps across the yard. EXT. REE’S YARD - DAY Ree chops wood. She’s got headphones on and the music is fueling her chopping. There is the sound of a car approaching. Nickdog barks an runs across the yard to greet the car. Ree’s relatives, Sonya and her husband, BLOND MILTON, are skinning a deer in their yard. They look up to see who’s approaching. As the car gets closer, Ree can see that it police car. She throws down her axe and approaches the ca as it pulls to a stop. SHERIFF BASKIN, 30's, gets out. Ree climbs the porch step and blocks the front door of her house. EXT. REE’S HOUSE, PORCH - DAY
3) 24) dialog: How are you today? Ree doesn’t answer.
3) 25) dialog: Ask me inside. I need to talk some with your mama. Ree opens the door and steps aside.
3) 27) dialog: Ma’am? I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions. (beat) Ma‘ am? Ree can hear that her mother is not responding. Baskin returns to the porch.
3) 29) dialog: You know your daddy’s out on bond, don’t you?
3) 31) dialog: Looks like he’s been cooking again.
3) 33) dialog: Well, that won’t be no hard thing to do. But that ain’t even why I’m here. His court date’s next week, and I can’t seem to turn him up.
3) 35) dialog: That could be. But where you all come into this is, he put this house here, and your timber acres up for his bond.
3) 37) dialog: Jessup signed over everything. If he doesn’t show at trial, see, the way the deal works is, you all gonna lose this place. (MORE )
3) 38) text: SHERIFF BASKIN (cont'd) (beat) You got some place to go? Shock courses through Ree, but she tries to mask it.
3) 40) dialog: Girl, I’ve been lookin’.
3) 42) dialog: You make sure your daddy knows the gravity of this deal. Baskin drives away. Blond Milton and Sonya resume skinnin their deer. Sonny carries split wood to the porch and stands next to watching Sonya and Blond cut down the hanging meat in the yard.
25) 7) dialog: Get out of the truck, Teardrop. I need to talk to you.
25) 9) dialog: It ain’t about you. You’re not in trouble. It’s about your brother. Teardrop watches Baskin in his side mirror. Teardrop’
25) 11) dialog: Get out of the truck and put your hands where I can see ‘em. Come on, get out.
25) 13) dialog: I know you. I know your family. Get out of the car now. Teardrop raises his rifle and rests it on the open window staring Baskin down in the side mirror. Baskin shifts uneasily, again looking to Ree.
26) 15) dialog: C’mon back. INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE - DAY Ree places the sack on Baskin’s desk. He takes a and flinches.
26) 16) dialog: How in the hell did you come by these?
26) 18) dialog: Reckon I’11 run these straight over. The lab can tell me if they’re his.
26) 20) dialog: We'll know yes or no on that soon enough. I bet your dad would still be here if he was just growing his marijuana. 69. her lap. his office. look inside Ree restrains her urge to verbally assault him, and heads the door. SHERIFF BASKIN (CONT’D) Hey! I didn’t shoot the other night ‘cause you were there in the truck. He never backed me down. Ree leans against the doorway. 70.
26) 22) dialog: Don’t you let me hear that’s the story getting around.