8) 0) text: Ree treks up a wooded hill. EXT. TEARDROP’S YARD - DAY Ree enters the yard, greeted by dogs. VICTORIA, 30's, opens the door of a rough-hewn brown pain cabin.
8) 6) dialog: You ought not do that. Don’t go running after Jessup. Teardrop sits at the table.
8) 7) dialog: Show or don’t show that choice is up to the one going to jail, not you.
8) 9) dialog: Where a man’s at ain’t necessarily for you to know neither.
8) 11) dialog: I ain’t seen him. Victoria places a cup of coffee in front of him. Silence while Ree contemplates her next move.
8) 13) dialog: Don’t you ever go down around Little Arthur’s asking them people about shit they ain’t offering to talk about. That’s a real good way to end up et by hogs, or wishing you was.
8) 15) dialog: Our relations get watered kinda thin between here and Little Arthur's. Teardrop tosses the pistol onto the lazy susan in the mid of the table.
8) 17) dialog: Shut up.
8) 19) dialog: I said shut up once already with my mouth. Teardrop gets up and walks across the kitchen to the stov with his back to Ree.
8) 21) dialog: You think I forgot that? Hmm? Jessup and me run together for coming on forty years but I don’t know where he’s at, and I ain’t going to go around asking after him neither. Victoria tries to cut the tension by changing the subject
8) 24) dialog: (shaking his head) No. He lets her go and exits the kitchen. Victoria locks eyes with Ree, then follows Teardrop. Ree, sitting at the table, can hear their muffled voices the next room. She rises and puts on her coat as they arg
8) 26) dialog: Nope. Nope. listen. Listen! You tell that girl to stay close to home. Don’t move. Give her this. You send her ass on her way right now. Victoria comes back into the kitchen. 19.
14) 29) dialog: You think I forgot about you?
14) 31) dialog: Forgot about you and everything happening over here.
14) 35) dialog: This is for you all. His court day was this morning and he didn’t show. I'd sell off your timber land now while you can.
14) 37) dialog: That's the very first thing they’1l do - Teardrop takes her chin in his hand.
14) 38) dialog: - once they’ve took this place from under you all, girl. Go out and cut them 100 year old woods down to nubs. Might as well have the dough to spend on your own. Teardrop slips a bag of crank from his pocket and scoops bit out with a key and snorts. Ree looks away. the bag of crank at her.
14) 39) dialog: You get the taste for it yet?
14) 41) dialog: Suit yourself, little girl. Them pills help your mama’s mood any?
14) 43) dialog: Tell her ‘hey.’ Teardrop slowly walks away. Ree stares after him. INT. REE’S HOUSE, CONNIE’S BEDROOM - DAY Ree stands in front of her parents’ closet looking at Jessup’s things. She fingers his clothes and stares at hi small collection of boots, remembering him. EXT. REE’S YARD - DAY Ree’s brother and sister sense the tension surrounding th Ashlee cuddles a dog. Sonny drapes himself over the trampoline.
19) 16) dialog: Where is she?
19) 18) dialog: You hit her? Spider Milton drops his arm to the small of his back, wrapping his hand around the gun tucked into his pants. Merab steps up to Teardrop.
19) 20) dialog: What Jessup done was against our ways, he knew it, I know it, and I ain’t raised no stink at all about whatever became of him. But she ain’t my brother. Teardrop looks around the gathering, finally locking eyes with Ree before concluding his case.
19) 21) dialog: She’s about all the close family I got left, so I'll be collecting her now and carrying her on out of here to home. That suit you, Thump?
19) 23) dialog: If she does wrong, you can put it on me. Ree registers the gravity of this commitment on Teardrop’ part.
19) 25) dialog: This is a girl who ain’t gonna tell nobody nothing.
19) 27) dialog: Chomp down on that ‘til the blood lets up. Ree holds the cloth in her mouth. In the silence and dark of the truck, Teardrop levels wit Ree.
19) 28) dialog: Your daddy couldn’t face this last bust. Couldn’t face a ten year jolt. He started talking to the fucking sheriff. Teardrop takes a drag off his cigarette.
19) 29) dialog: You own me now. You understand? They been waiting to see if I’1ll do anything. Watching. I can’t know for a certain fact who went and killed my little brother. Even if you find out, you can’t ever let me know who killed him. Knowing that would just mean I’d be toes up myself pretty soon. Deal? 52. Ree reaches across the cab of the truck to squeeze Teardr shoulder. EXT. REE’S YARD - NIGHT Gail comes out of the house and runs to the truck. Ashlee and Sonny follow her and watch from the porch. Gail and Teardrop lift Ree from the truck and walk her towards the house, pushing Sonny aside.
20) 38) dialog: I’m tired of waiting around for shit to come down. Let’s get out and poke ‘em where they’re at and see what happens. Teardrop helps Ree up off the couch.
21) 0) text: A small LOCAL BAND plays in the back. Teardrop sits at the end of the bar scrutinizing the crow
22) 0) text: Ree is asleep in Teardrop’s truck. She wakes up and notic Ray standing with two other men in front of the gas stati across the street.
23) 0) text: Ree walks through the bar as patrons stare at her. She catches Teardrop’s eye and motions him outside. Teardrop follows her out.
24) 2) dialog: Ray!
24) 4) dialog: I’m sick of this shit. You're useless as tits on a fuckin’ boar.
24) 6) dialog: It’s gonna be much worse next time I come back, I’11 tell you that right now. Teardrop walks away. Ray yells at his back.
24) 8) dialog: Oh, yeah?
25) 0) text: Teardrop and Ree get out of the truck carrying flashlight and enter the cemetery gates. They walk among the graves.
25) 2) dialog: Looking for humps that ain’t settled. Teardrop and Ree pick their way amongst the headstones, scanning the ground with their flashlights. They finally pause and Teardrop surveys the area.
25) 3) dialog: He ain’t here. Teardrop sits and lights a cigarette. Ree settles down ne to him. Wind rustles through the dry leaves.
25) 5) dialog: He’s somewhere. They walk out of the cemetery. 62. INT. TEARDROP’S TRUCK - NIGHT Teardrop fighting whirling to stop. Teardrop and Ree drive in silence, Ree dozing and Teardrop sleep. Ree jolts awake and notices flashing lights over the truck from behind. Teardrop makes no move A siren squawks.
25) 8) dialog: I don’t think so.
25) 10) dialog: Nope. Tonight I ain’t doing a fucking thing you say. s hand closes around the rifle.
25) 12) dialog: Why’d you tell? Why? You went and got his ass killed. You happy now? 63. Baskin and Ree register Teardrop’s accusation. Baskin, apprehensive, makes eye contact with Ree and draws his pi from the holster. Attempting to regain control, he taps t side of the truck with his gun.
25) 14) dialog: Is this gonna be our time? Teardrop and Baskin hold each other’s eyes in the mirror Baskin slowly backs away, still brandishing his flashligh Teardrop fires up the engine and Baskin shines his flashl on Ree in the truck. Teardrop pulls out and leaves Baskin standing alone in the road. INT. REE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Teardrop and Ree sit on the couch.
25) 16) dialog: Well, he loved y’all. That’s where he went weak. Ree looks at him.
25) 17) dialog: Lots of us can be tough, plenty tough enough, and do it for a long stretch, too.
25) 19) dialog: For lots’n lots of years he wasn’t. He wasn’t, he wasn’t, and then one day he was. 64. Teardrop snorts crank off a key as Ree watches him.
25) 21) dialog: That’s cause you’re smart. They fall silent. EXT. REE’S YARD - DAY Ree carries a heavy box of belongings out and begins throwing papers into a smoking barrel in the yard. INT. REE’S HOUSE - DAY Ree and Connie sort through a box of family photos.
26) 25) dialog: Sonny. Hey, Ashlee. He unwraps two chicks and offers them to the kids.
26) 26) dialog: I brung these for you two to raise up. Ashlee and Sonny each take one.
26) 28) dialog: What’s he doing here?
26) 31) dialog: Yup. Satterfield studies Ree a little more closely.
26) 41) dialog: Well, it’s been a long time. Back off a little, you make me nervous. Oh, shit. Sonny and Ashlee sit on the porch steps and Teardrop pick out a tune. Ree comes over and leans against the porch ne to him. After a moment, Teardrop stops playing and puts d the banjo.
26) 42) dialog: I was never good like your daddy was. He looks down, pauses. Something is heavy on his mind.
26) 43) dialog: I know who.
26) 45) dialog: Jessup. I know who. He walks towards his truck. Ree looks down at the banjo.
26) 47) dialog: Oh, no, you...I’11l let you keep it here for me. They stare at each other silently for a moment. Teardrop gets into his truck, and Ree watches him drive a Ree sits on the porch steps and Ashlee and Sonny join her either side, cradling their chicks.