12) 2) dialog: Amir, this guy’s name is? Jesus. Call Homeland Security.
12) 4) dialog: I’m serious. Call the FBI, see if he’s legal. Might not be. Ship his ass back to Camel-Land. Hank shoots a winning grin at his nephew. Walter, Jr. sno with delight as he chews a mouthful of hamburger.
12) 7) dialog: Arabian what? Jesus. Camels, horses -- a towel-head is a towel-head. You’re missing my... (interrupts himself) ... And they’re not Arabian anyway, they're Persian. But you're missing my point here. This guy is treating your husband like uh, you know. Door mat. Here Walt is, got a brain the size of Wisconsin and he’s shampooing dried cum outta some teenager's back seat? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 12.
12) 9) dialog: (to Walter, Jr.) Sorry. You didn’t hear that. (to Walt) You say the word, I’ll go talk to this guy. I‘1l set him straight. Walt gives a pained little smile, shakes his head.
12) 10) dialog: You sure? Happy to do it.
12) 16) dialog: Oh, hey! Turn it up! Hank WHISTLES. The college-age BARTENDER glances at him, confused, Hank hustles over and keys up the volume on the nearest TV SET. They're all wired together. Everybody in the restaurant, like it or not, has to listen to... »+. The local news. HANK, the man himself, is being interviewed on television. He’s polished and official. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 13.
12) 17) dialog: -- At which point we apprehended three individuals and placed them in custody. I'm proud to say that the outstanding professionalism shown by my fellow agents of the San Bernardino District Office resulted in a substantial quantity of methamphetamine being taken off the street. An on-screen graphic identifies him as “AGENT HENRY WELD, D.E.A.” The real-live Hank gives a smile and a nod, not j to his family, but to everyone in the place. Such is the force of his will that strangers APPLAUD him. Walter, Jr. holds up a hand, which Hank high-fives. WALTER, JR. Damn. TV does-~add ten pounds.
12) 18) dialog: Ah hah-hah. Sit and spin. Hank rubs the corner of his mouth with his middle finger, flipping off Walter, Jr. They’re like two teenagers. Walt eats french fries and tries his best to tune everyon out. Something on TV catches his eye. It's the spoils of this drug bust. Laid out on a table ar bags and bags of crystal meth and several guns. But also. eight big SHOBBOXES full of CASH. Walt chews his food, watches. Despite himself...
12) 20) dialog: Almost seven hundred thousand. Pretty good haul. The TV lingers on fat rolls of $20s rubber-banded togethe It’s more currency than Walt has ever seen outside of a h movie. He’s surprised.
12) 22) dialog: Mmm. Not the most we ever took. (to the room) There’s no deficit of total morons in the drug trade. And they can make a ton of money, too. At least until we catch ‘em. But we catch ‘em eventually. Hank flashes his great smile around the room. He notes Walt’s continued interest in the news report. Likes it.
12) 23) dialog: Walt, just say the word and 1'11 take you on a ride-along. You can watch us knock down a meth lab. (good-natured) ‘Less that’s too much excitement for you. Walt forces a pained grin and shrugs -- maybe someday.
27) 1) dialog: It’s down there on the cul-de-sac. White? Kinda redwood-looking trim? INT. FORD - MORNING — CONTINUOUS Hank sits behind the wheel. A subordinate agent, GOMEZ, i beside him. Hank is pointing out the TARGET HOUSE to Walt who sits in the back seat in an ill-fitting bulletproof v
27) 2) dialog: See it?
27) 4) dialog: So says our snitch. Says some dude who goes by “Cap‘n Cook” lives up to his name in there. Got himself a three pound flask and keeps it bubbling day and night. Says he always adds a dash of chili powder. (to Gomez) Ah, you exuberant Mexicans.
27) 6) dialog: Yeah? I got twenty bucks says he’s a beaner.
27) 8) dialog: Ah, here we go. Finally. (into his radio) School bus is clear. You got the green light. An affirmation comes back. Hank starts his engine.
27) 9) dialog: (smiling, to Walt) Watch this. This makes ‘em shit. Out of the distance, we hear a BIG ENGINE REVVING, speedi our way. A TRUCK roars past, heading for the cul-de-sac. Hank slowly follows it in his Ford -- just so Walt can se Hank hums Ride Of The Valkyries, channeling “Apocalypse N Walt‘’s POV: as seen through the windshield, the lead tru goes speeding into the target house’s driveway. An ENTRY TEAM of six agents jumps out, looking like they just came from the set of a sci-fi movie -- they’re covered head-to in CHEMICAL SUITS and RESPIRATOR GEAR. They carry carbine and shotguns. One man lugs a battering ram.
27) 10) dialog: Meth labs are nasty on a good day -- but when you mix that stuff wrong, you wind up with mustard gas. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
27) 12) dialog: Yeah, exactly. One whiff’1ll kill you. That's why the moon suits. Walt nods, watches the entry team take position at the do
29) 0) text: Hank, Gomez and Walt wait in the Ford. The RADIO crackles
29) 2) dialog: Copy that. The suspect... might he be of the Latin persuasion?
29) 4) dialog: Cheer up. You people still got J. Lo. (grins at Walt) How you doing back there, buddy? This sure as hell beats spending your day clapping erasers, huh? Walt smiles, acts agreeable. Hank turns to Gomez.
29) 5) dialog: I made the mistake of watching “Jeopardy” with this dude one time. He is a stud, Gomez. He’s a brainiac. BEEP! “What is E equals MC squared, Alex?” BEEP! “What is, like, freaking... Shakespeare? Hamlet?” I’m telling you Walt, you shoulda gone on that show. You’da cleaned up.
29) 7) dialog: (to Gomez) Shit, you don’t know the half of it. Two big companies wanted him while he was still in college. He coulda written his own ticket. Hank looks to Walt for confirmation. Walt stares out the window, barely shrugs -- and changes the subject.
29) 9) dialog: Yeah, tell you what -- we’re gonna go peek our heads in, check it out. Stay here a minute. Hank and Gomez exit the car, leaving Walt behind. Walt’s pleasant demeanor fades. Spending time with Hank i hard for him. While feds in moon suits come and go across the lawn, Walt's attention drifts to the HOUSE NEXT DOOR. He double-takes, noticing a high WINDOW get raised. It’s of sight of the D.E.A. agents. Only Walt can see as... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
29) 13) dialog: Hey, check it out, Walt -- these assholes like their shoeboxes better’n Bank Of America. Walt stares at all that beautiful green, turns and glance back down the street. The Daytona is gone.
29) 14) dialog: Whatcha looking at?
29) 16) dialog: Wanna come meet a bad guy? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 29. Walt nods, follows him to the house. He’s not going to te Hank what he knows.
48) 0) text: Walt makes it outside just ahead of the cousins. He slams the door in their faces, leans his back against it hard. BOOM! BOOM! They’re kicking the shit out of it from the inside, trying desperately to get out. We hear them COUGH now. GASPING. The flimsy RV door won’t hold up long. Suddenly -- BLAM!-BLAM!-BLAM! BULLET HOLES puncture the door, zinging just above Walt’s head. Still Walt stands fast, flinching and ducking lower. BLAM!-BLAM!-BLAM!-BLAM The firing stops. The CHOKING SOUNDS get louder, more tortured. Horrifying. Tiny thin curls of RED SMOKE waft o through the bullet holes. We hear a heavy THUMP. Then ANOTHER. Two bodies hitting t floor. Silence now. Walt shuts his eyes, breathing hard. Walt recovers, stumbles over and checks on Dupree, who’s still breathing. Walt unties him. Thank God, they’re both alive. Just as Walt gets Dupree loose... .-. He smells SMOKE. He turns, sees it rising thick and d from behind the Winnebago. He runs to see. NEW ANGLE —- BEHIND THE RV Krazy-8‘s CIGARETTE has started a BRUSH FIRE. It’s ten fe across. Walt tries to stomp it out, but that ain’t workin He yanks off his heavy lab apron, desperately tries to be out the flames with that. No dice. In a panic, Walt stare up into the sky -- watches the SMOKE trail high overhead. Everyone within five miles can see it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 54.