3) 1) text: My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Belmont Avenue, Ontario, California 91764. I am of sound mind. To all law enforcement entities, this is not an admission of guilt. I’m speaking now to my family. (swallows hard) : Skyler... you are... the love of my life. I hope you know that. Walter Junior. You’re my big man. I should have told you things, both of you. I should have said things. But I love you both so much. And eur unborn child. And I just want you to know that these... things you‘re going to learn about me in the coming days. These things. I just want you to know that... no matter what it may look like... I had all three of you in my heart. The sirens are WAILING now, on top of us. WALTER WHITE, t underpants man, turns off the camcorder. He carefully set it on a bare patch of ground by his feet. Next to it he s his wallet, lying open where it can be seen. CLOSE ON the wallet -- a photo ID card is visible. Walt’s smiling face is on it. It identifies him as a teacher at J.P. Wynne High School, Ontario Unified School District. Walt pulls the chrome pistol from the back of his waistba aiming it across the tall weeds. It glints hard in the su Flashing red LIGHT BARS speed into view, skimming the top the weeds. Heading straight for us. Walt stands tall in his underpants, not flinching. Off hi ready to shoot the first cop he sees...
5) 0) text: Dark and silent. SKYLER WHITE, late 30s, sleeps peacefull Beside her, her husband Walter is wide awake. Walt reaches over and presses a button on his Sharper Ima alarm clock. It projects the time in glowing blue numbers the cottage cheese ceiling: 5:02 AM. Walt lies motionless. Brain churning. He presses the butt again, staring straight up. 5:02 turns to 5:03. Close enough. Walt rises without waking his wife. He exit
7) 1) text: Walt is dressed for work ~~ Dockers and a short-sleeve dr shirt courtesy of Target. An American flag pin on his tie He and Skyler eat their breakfast in silence. Skyler glances up, sees Walt puzzling over his bacon.
7) 2) dialog: Sizzle-Lean. We need to think about our cholesterol.
7) 4) dialog: When’11 you be home?
7) 6) dialog: I don’t want him dicking you around tonight. You get paid till six, you work till six. Not seven. Seventeen year-old WALTER, JR. enters the kitchen, dresse for school, hair still damp from the shower. The CLICK... CLICK of his forearm crutches precedes him into the room. Walt and Skyler’s son is a sweet-faced teenager who appea to have cerebral palsy. He moves slowly and awkwardly, an grinds his teeth as he labors to talk. But he’s a smart k
7) 8) dialog: You’re late. He shrugs. She gets up, serves him breakfast. Walter, Jr. squints at the plate she plops down before him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca WALTER, JR. What 's—--that?
7) 9) dialog: Sizzle-lean. We‘re watching our cholesterol. WALTER, JR. Not--me! I want-~bacon!
7) 10) dialog: Eat it. Walter, Jr. picks at his breakfast, annoyed. WALTER, JR. What’s this--even--made of?! He looks to his dad for backup. Walt shrugs, ambivalent.
12) 5) dialog: (flat) I don’t know, Hank. Do they actually have camels in Iran?
12) 14) dialog: After the first trimester, yes. It was even in “Newsweek.”
14) 0) text: Walt, dressed for bed in sweats and a t-shirt, checks him out in the bathroom mirror. He’s not loving what he sees. He pulis at the skin under his eyes. He COUGHS a little. In the bedroom, Skyler’s in her nightgown, sitting at the computer. She’s following the final moments of an auction eBay. Walt pads into the room, sits down beside her.
14) 2) dialog: (eyes on the screen) That faux-Lalique vase I picked up at the flea market.
14) 4) dialog: I met my reserve and there’s still two minutes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. Walt nods, sits watching. Without taking her eyes off the screen, Skyler reaches over and slips a hand into Walt’s sweatpants. Walt smirks, surprised.
14) 6) dialog: You tell me. Skyler plays with him, out of sight below frame. A beat.
14) 7) dialog: What are you doing tomorrow?
14) 9) dialog: You’re not gonna mow?
14) 11) dialog: I just need you to mow at some point. I'’d do it myself, except it always throws rocks at me. I think it needs a new bag.
14) 13) dialog: What’s going on down there? Is he asleep?
14) 15) dialog: Don’t worry about the baby. This is for you. We’re only doing you tonight. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 16. Obscured by the computer, Skyler gives Walt a vigorous handjob with one hand and works the mouse with the other.
14) 16) dialog: Just relax. Just... close your eyes and let it... Skyler glances again at her husband. Apparently, there's mighty oak sprung from whence the lowly acorn lies.
14) 17) dialog: Just close your eyes. Walt does so, concentrating. Trying hard. Tugging away, Skyler’s attention drifts back to the computer. Completel
14) 18) dialog: --- That’s it. That’s... it. There you go. Keep going. Keep going. Keep it going. Keep... (reacting to the screen) Yes! Fifty-six. Walt’s eyes open. The thrill is gone.
21) 0) text: A glass of white wine. Skyler stands talking on the phone
21) 1) dialog: (into phone) Absolutely. I sent it to you on the third. It’s number... wait a minute, let me get my checkbook. She cups a hand over the phone, does nothing. After a bea
21) 2) dialog: (into phone) Here it is. It’s check number 1148. So my records show I paid that, and I certainly don’t feel like we owe any late... (listens) Alright. I guess then I’1] check with my bank and, I don’t know, if the post office lost it or something... alright then. Let me look into that. Thank you. Walt enters, hearing the tail-end. Skyler hangs up.
21) 3) dialog: You're home early. Walt nods, finds a beer in the fridge. His fingers trembl little as he pries off the cap. Skyler doesn’t notice -- she’s sifting through a stack of bills. Walt sits at the table. He drinks deep, rubs his mouth.
21) 4) dialog: How was your day?
21) 6) dialog: Don’t tell me Amir’s sending you home at five now.
21) 8) dialog: (studying a bill) Did you use the MasterCard last month? $15.88 at Staples?
21) 10) dialog: Walt, the MasterCard’s the one we don’t use. Walt nods, overwhelmed and hiding it. Skyler doesn’t know about his doctor’s appointment. Even if Walt wants to tel her, something stops him. He sips his beer, stares. Loud MACHINE GUN FIRE startles them both. Skyler yells in the living room.
21) 11) dialog: 
30) 21) dialog: Damned if I know. I described it as a “mid-century objet d'art.”
30) 23) dialog: Some guy in Minneapolis. Fourteen dollars plus shipping -- and I got it at a yard sale for eighty cents. God, I love eBay. Marie shakes her head, bubble-wraps the objet.
30) 26) dialog: He’s fine. What do you mean?
30) 28) dialog: Turning forty was a big deal. I know I’m not looking forward to it. (smirk) You ~~ are gonna be a basket~case. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33.
30) 30) dialog: No. He’s just. Quiet.
30) 32) dialog: Marie! Jesus. Marie holds up her hands. Whatever. Irked, Skyler runs he tape gun over the top of a box -- SKKKRRRECK. A beat or t
35) 1) dialog: How you coming in there? WALTER, JR. Fine. Anything but. Young Walter works at it valiantly, but the design of this room is giving him trouble. He won’t ask f help and his folks know it. After a while:
35) 2) dialog: You want me or your Dad? WALTER, JR. (gives up; annoyed) Dad. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 41. The door opens and Walt enters. Not a word is said as Wal leans down and his son wraps his arms around his neck. Wh Walter, Jr. holds on, his dad lifts him a little and work the jeans up onto his thighs and waist. It’s intimate in a way that’s tough on a teenager, but Walter, Jr. keeps his dignity. Walt handles it well, too.
35) 4) dialog: Don’t get ‘em if they’re too tight. WALTER, JR. they ‘re--pre--shrunk.
35) 5) dialog: They always say that, then they shrink anyway. As Walter, Jr. considers, we hear a faint o.s. COMMOTION.
35) 17) dialog: Walt..? Standing here, Walt feels a kind of power -- one brought by an absence of fear. Off him, realizing more and more that he likes it:
52) 0) text: Late. Lights are off. Skyler and Walter, Jr. have gone to bed. Walt stands at the kitchen sink, washing Krazy-8’s c in Dawn dishwashing liquid. Washing off the toxic chemica He gives an involuntary shudder. He squeezes shut his eye which are tearing up. Tonight’s a night he’s never going forget -- whether he lives two years or two hundred.
53) 0) text: BLACK FRAME. A DING, then a door opens -- revealing we’re inside the clothes dryer, Looking out. Dry twenty dollar bills flutter around. Weary Walt reaches in and grabs the by the fistful. Walt quickly counts the money. Eight thousand and change. Walt jams it in a shoebox, snaps a rubber band around it. Remembering something, he reaches in his pocket... «»- And pulls out the tiny camcorder TAPE. On it, we/‘1l remember, is the confession to his family. He doesn’t destroy the tape. He thinks about it, then drops it into shoebox full of cash. Walt stands tiptoes on a chair, tucks the box way up in t garage rafters. Looking haunted, like hell warmed over, h climbs down and exits, turns off the light. DARKNESS. INT. WHITE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM — NIGHT Skyler lies in bed, alone and awake. We’re on her as we h the door open. Quiet footsteps. Clothes come off. Walt gingerly climbs into bed, not wanting to wake his wi He lies motionless, staring up at the ceiling. A torrent thoughts rush through his head. Finally:
53) 1) dialog: Where were you? Walt doesn’t answer. Skyler turns his way, stares at him.
53) 2) dialog: Walt, I don’t know what is going on with you lately --
53) 6) dialog: -- Whatever it is, I’1ll1 tell you this. I do not like it when you don’t talk to me. The worst thing you can do is shut me out.
53) 8) dialog: Walt... He keeps kissing her. Gently rolls her so that her back i to him. Out of sight under the covers, he fumbles with he panties, pulls them down. Surprised as hell, Skyler nonetheless allows it. She feel around behind her.
53) 9) dialog: Oh my God. Is that you? It sure is. The mighty oak. Walt enters her -- Skyler's eyes pop wide, and we CUT TO BLACK. Over the sounds of HE BREATHING and the SQUEAK-SQUEAK-SQUEAKING of bed springs. «+» FADE UP CREDITS.