2) 0) text: A class is in session. In a large living room that has been converted into a classroom, EDWINA, a tightly-wound, delicate beauty in he late-twenties, instructs a class of girls. She stands straight, with her high shirt collar buttoned the top and her hair pulled back primly. She looks confin in her tight, proper clothing. Edwina speaks in a gentle, well-bred manner and soft voic as she makes herself an example of a Southern lady to her students. There are four girls listening: ALICIA, 17, a bored, pretty blonde with long hair stares Her bodice slightly open, she fans herself with a noteboo
2) 1) text: On a fly buzzing in the corner. Alicia watches it. JANE, a prim 16-year-old with freckles, sits next to her carefully following along. Next to them is EMILY, a practical 15-year-old. (CONTINUED)
4) 18) dialog: (maliciously, she bends down to inform McBurney) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
4) 19) text: The blue rag’s so the patrol will know we’ve captured a live Yankee... McBurney’s eyes open briefly, he looks with pain and fear Alicia looks down at him through her hair, with a haughty look.
6) 13) dialog: (almost hopefully) Is he going to die? Miss Martha and Edwina come through the door. Miss Martha shuts it behind her.
7) 5) dialog: If anybody knew where that was.
7) 8) dialog: You should have never brought that Yankee here, Amy.
11) 0) text: Miss Martha rushes down to see Jane and Alicia.
11) 2) dialog: Can’t we go and greet them?
19) 0) text: Miss Martha, standing tall in her high collar, reads from bible in the candlelight. The girls all sit in attendance. Edwina carefully follows along. Alicia goes up to Miss Martha and whispers to be excused.
20) 0) text: CLOSE on McBurney as he sleeps. We hear the sound of the KEY turning the lock. In the dark room, Alicia sneaks up close to his face. She touches his beard, and moves in close to him, getting good look at him. She leans in and lightly kisses his lips, then kisses him longer this time. With his eyes still closed, he seems to kiss her back. McBurney’s eyes open for a second, looking lost, as if in dream. Alicia looks at him, still breathing softly.
20) 1) dialog: (whispers) Good night, Corporal. Alicia sneaks off before she’s caught. McBurney watches her go.
21) 0) text: Slipping in with an innocent look on her face, Alicia rej the group in prayer. (CONTINUED)
25) 1) dialog: How’s the Yank doin’?
27) 27) dialog: I just wondered if there’s anything I can do to help? McBurney looks at Alicia. Martha notices, protectively. McBurney lies back. Miss Martha goes back to addressing Alicia.
27) 29) dialog: I only thought to help.
27) 31) dialog: Yes, ma’am. Alicia gives an insolent little curtsey, with a conspiratorial look to McBurney, she leaves.
30) 0) text: Emily and Alicia hoe in the rows of the vegetable garden the hot sun. Alicia’s not cut out for this kind of work.
30) 1) dialog: Are we almost done?!
37) 6) dialog: Well, maybe the sight of him will remind us there is something else in the world besides lessons.
37) 13) dialog: It means he’s just paid by the army to fight, he’s not really fighting their cause.
38) 7) dialog: I can also play for you, Corporal.
38) 9) text: 4l. Amy gives McBurney a smile. The room is full of smiles and merriment -- Edwina and McBurney share a warm glance. Alicia sneaks a sultry look -- until A LOUD KNOCK at the front door interrupts them. Jane stops her song.
41) 7) dialog: They’1l probably insist on taking him right now, and who knows what’1l happen to him.
41) 17) dialog: May I accompany you Miss Martha, to say a few words of cheer to our men?
45) 0) text: Emily and Alicia pass through. McBurney nods to them as h makes his way slowly. Alicia smiles at him coyly.
45) 2) dialog: Good-day, Corporal. Miss Amy, it’s your turn in the kitchen garden.
45) 5) dialog: Well, I’m sure we could relieve you.
49) 9) text: McBurney looks up to see Edwina watching him through a la curtain. McBurney splashes water on his face from a bucket to cool off. Water drips over him. His eyes meet Edwina’s and she turns away. Alicia and Emily wave to McBurney from nearby. He gives them a nod.
50) 0) text: As Amy passes to go inside, Emily and Alicia tug her brai
50) 1) dialog: You better not be saying unkind things about us to the Corporal. Amy politely smiles.
52) 0) text: Amy lies on a sofa crying. Alicia, and Emily crowd around her.
52) 3) dialog: We will have to make things so pleasant for him that he won't even consider leaving us, until we decide of course, that it’s time for him to go.
52) 6) dialog: We should show him some real Southern hospitality.
54) 14) dialog: Miss Martha invites you to dine with us, Corporal.
56) 0) text: Alicia looks at herself in a mirror. She stares for a sec and then reaches up and pinches her cheeks.
57) 4) dialog: There might be other attractive shoulders here if we were all permitted to wear such dresses.
57) 8) dialog: I made apple pie.
57) 10) text: Alicia smiles, pleased with herself.
57) 14) dialog: Why, yes it is. Edwina takes a bite, with a glance to Alicia.
58) 2) dialog: Isn't it? I’ve always thought it was rather romantic... He look at her like a wolf. Jane sits down at the harpsic and begins to play Stephen Foster’s “Virginia Belle”. (CONTINUED)
58) 3) text: Edwina enters the room to see Alicia leaning by McBurney, flirtatiously chatting with him at the window. McBurney turns to see Edwina and makes his way over to he with his cane. (CONTINUED)
62) 7) dialog: I was so shaken I could hardly bring myself to leave my room. No one pays attention, Miss Martha rushes to make a tourniquet. She is much less gentle than on his arrival.
62) 8) dialog: It was terrible the way he rushed in, I was frightened half to death, and then Edwina came out and began fighting with him. Emily brings a bowl of water. Amy has some old cloth.
62) 10) dialog: Is he going to be alright?
63) 3) text: Alicia calls down as she descends the stairs.
63) 4) dialog: Is there anything I can do? She enters the dining room. They ignore her. Miss Martha focuses on the patient.
63) 5) dialog: I was so shocked and shaken, I could hardly bring myself to leave my room.
63) 7) dialog: Yes, I was asleep, when he came upstairs. Amy brings water.
63) 9) dialog: It was terrible the way he rushed in, I was frightened half to death.
63) 11) dialog: How should I know?
63) 13) dialog: Nothing happened, I swear! Alicia starts sobbing.
71) 0) text: It’s afternoon. With the shutters closed, light seeps int the dark room. Alicia carefully makes her way over to McBurney who’s res on the settee. She sits beside him, and talks in her innocent baby-doll voice. She leans forward, showing some cleavage.
71) 1) dialog: How are you doin’? McBurney turns to her and doesn’t answer. He looks at her like -- what the fuck do you want.
71) 2) dialog: I tried to ease Miss Martha’s suspicions about us... I was so worried about you. But, I know you'll be strong again soon. She touches his chest. (CONTINUED)
71) 5) dialog: Can I get you anything?
71) 7) dialog: Miss Martha would know if it went missing... You know I’d get in trouble for that.
71) 9) dialog: Well, there might be another one in Miss Martha’s drawer with her valuables. He grabs her hair and pulls her head back roughly.
71) 10) dialog: Ouch, you’re hurting me.
71) 12) dialog: Alright, I will.
74) 4) dialog: Oh, Miss Martha, I’m so scared.
74) 6) dialog: He said he was going to kill me if I made any noise.
85) 1) dialog: You're going to just let her be alone with him like that?!
85) 14) dialog: You're an idiot if you think he’s going to take suggestions from you, Amy.