0) 0) text: A wild landscape in the morning light. We hear cannons in the distance. TITLE: “1864, VIRGINIA. 3 YEARS INTO THE CIVIL WAR” The small figure of a young blonde girl comes into frame. MAIN TITLES begin in red script over the woods as we foll the girl, AMY, 12, carrying a basket. We follow her as she dips in and out of the light in the shady grove, picking mushrooms as she finds small pockets them. She wears braids and a faded prim cotton dress of t era and sings a song to herself. The SOUND OF BATTLE increases in the near distance. SMOKE drifts over a shady glade, surrounded by trees and high bushes. Close on Amy’s freckled face; she shudders at the SOUND o loud CANNON, and bravely continues, adding mushrooms to h basket. She stops at a little shady patch of mushrooms, and as sh picks them, she comes across a SOLDIER’S BOOT.
0) 1) text: We follow the boot up legs, and to the body of a man -- a WOUNDED SOLDIER, in a dirty, blood-stained Union uniform. Amy carefully leans in to take a closer look at his soot- covered face with a beard. Suddenly his eyes open -- she jumps back with a scream. The soldier looks at her.
0) 3) dialog: No... Yes. He looks at the young girl. (CONTINUED)
0) 4) text: So am I. Amy moves in closer.
0) 5) dialog: Can you move at all? He struggles to lean up a little on one arm.
0) 7) dialog: The Farnsworth school is just on the other side of the woods. The Miss Martha Farnsworth Seminary for Young Ladies. He thinks about this.
0) 9) dialog: No men, just four other students, a teacher, and Miss Farnsworth. The slaves left. I can’t say you’ll be welcome as a Yankee, but it will be better than here.
0) 12) dialog: Oh, yes, sir. She uses all her strength to support his weight.
0) 13) dialog: You're a lot heavier than my brother. (CONTINUED)
0) 15) dialog: He got killed in Tennessee.
0) 18) dialog: Amelia Dabney.
0) 20) dialog: Pleased to make your acquaintance Corporal. They start off slowly. The leg of his torn uniform is covered in blood. (CONTINUED)
0) 22) dialog: Miss Farnsworth’s Seminary for Young Ladies.
0) 24) dialog: The other girls have gone home, but Miss Martha kept it open. It was mainly we didn’t have anywhere else to go. They slowly make their way through the brush.
0) 25) dialog: My home is Georgia, and my mother thought it would be better if I stayed up here in Virginia for a while... what with your General Sherman down there so close to Atlanta and all... Smoke rises behind them and cannons BOOM.
0) 26) dialog: Did you run away?
0) 29) dialog: Do you want to go back? I can show you the way? (CONTINUED)
1) 0) text: CLOSE ON A WROUGHT IRON SIGN: “THE FARNSWORTH SEMINARY FO YOUNG LADIES” Through the gates, a neglected-looking Southern mansion stands amongst dry plants and weeds. Nothing else in sigh Smoke rises in the distance. Amy and McBurney approach the gates.
4) 3) text: Help! Miss Martha! Miss Farnsworth swiftly moves to Amy who is halfway up th walk to the large house. McBurney lies on the ground in front of her. The other girls rush out to them. Miss Martha’s hat has fallen behind her, her hair is swep off her face. Jane leans in to get a better look at the stranger.
4) 7) dialog: The woods were burning, I couldn’t leave him there to die. The girls all gather around him.
5) 8) dialog: Couldn’t we wait a bit?
5) 10) dialog: Wouldn’t it be the Christian thing to do? She looks at him.
6) 18) dialog: Then what’1ll happen?
6) 20) dialog: His name, in case you've wondered, is Corporal John McBurney.
7) 3) dialog: Jane, it’s the same for you as all of us, you don’t leave because there’s nowhere for you to go...
7) 14) dialog: (dreamily) Johnny... The girls giggle.
12) 3) dialog: You think Miss Martha’s going to tell them about him? Alicia, Jane, and Marie pass a row of single beds with fa blankets and quilts and lean in around Amy, trying to see
14) 3) dialog: He’s giving her something?
15) 3) dialog: They’re leaving, she didn’t tell them! ! WIDE on Miss Martha as she strides toward the mansion. INT. MISS MARTHA’S ROOM- DUSK Close with Miss Martha as she opens a drawer and takes ou revolver. She loads a few cartridges into the gun, and puts it back shutting the drawer.
18) 0) text: In the low light, Edwina pauses to look through a space i the slightly open door. She sees Amy inside kneeling at the beside of a sleeping McBurney, whispering to him. Edwina shoots her a look.
18) 2) dialog: I was just telling him something private. (CONTINUED)
18) 5) dialog: (whispers to McBurney) See you later. (CONTINUED)
18) 6) text: Amy bids adieu to sleeping McBurney and heads out, stoppi at Edwina in the doorway.
18) 7) dialog: I was just checking on him. I thought he might want some company. Edwina is stern with her.
24) 0) text: The birds continue as Amy opens the door and peeks in. McBurney winks at her as she approaches him. He is cleane up and wearing a linen man’s nightshirt.
24) 2) dialog: It’s about six.
24) 4) dialog: Do you like birds?
24) 6) dialog: I think they’re robins. I can show you some nests I collected?
24) 8) dialog: I better go... Miss Martha's coming to fix your bandages and bring your breakfast. She slips off.
25) 2) dialog: He’s fine, much better...
25) 9) text: Amy passes with her bowl. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Tell me, Miss Amy, did you find any mushrooms when you were out collecting soldiers?
25) 10) dialog: I did, but only poisonous ones I think.
25) 12) dialog: Yes, ma’am. With her dignified posture and rustling skirts, Miss Mart crosses frame, leaving them.
29) 0) text: Amy sits in a large oak tree, looking out from its branch The days seem endless.
36) 2) dialog: Here you go, Henry. She arranges an old box of her treasures, a smooth rock, small bird’s nest. She adds a brass button after showing Henry.
36) 3) dialog: Mr. McBurney gave me one of his buttons.
37) 0) text: We FOLLOW Amy, the last one to sit at the dinner table. She takes her seat and looks to Miss Martha to see if she be scolded. Miss Martha, an example of perfect posture, smiles at her She lowers her head. (CONTINUED)
37) 12) dialog: What’s a mercenary?
37) 15) dialog: He seems to be a student of nature, so I expect to learn about foreign wildlife.
38) 9) text: 4l. Amy gives McBurney a smile. The room is full of smiles and merriment -- Edwina and McBurney share a warm glance. Alicia sneaks a sultry look -- until A LOUD KNOCK at the front door interrupts them. Jane stops her song.
38) 12) dialog: What about Corporal McBurney? McBurney looks as scared as the girls.
38) 15) dialog: Can we cover him with something?
41) 5) dialog: But he couldn’t ride without hurting his leg.
41) 13) dialog: (close to tears) You keep talking about him as if he were some old piece of baggage, and not a kind person who is in this room. Oh, please, Miss Martha.
42) 0) text: The cavalrymen ride off in the moonlight. The lights in the house go black. INT. GIRLS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT As the SOUND of the horses’ HOOVES fade, we hear an OWL outside their window. Amy, Jane, and Emily whisper from their beds in the dark room. (CONTINUED)
42) 3) dialog: Miss Martha seems to be warming up to him, and I believe he likes it here.
42) 5) dialog: I've talked with him privately.
42) 7) dialog: You're just jealous.
44) 1) dialog: Look, Miss Martha! Miss Martha goes to McBurney.
44) 7) dialog: Yes, of course Corporal.
45) 4) dialog: I’m helping the corporal, as you can see.
46) 0) text: Amy helps McBurney as he slowly moves along. (CONTINUED)
46) 5) dialog: Have you had much gardening experience, Corporal McBurney?
49) 3) text: Amy smiles. Amy beams. 52.
49) 4) dialog: Miss Martha told me to return to my lessons but I told her all the things you need me to do.
49) 7) dialog: You do?
50) 0) text: As Amy passes to go inside, Emily and Alicia tug her brai
50) 2) dialog: Now, why would I ever do that? She continues on.
52) 0) text: Amy lies on a sofa crying. Alicia, and Emily crowd around her.
52) 2) dialog: I don’t know exactly, but she asked him to leave.
52) 5) dialog: Yes, he must get lonely eating alone in his room.
55) 0) text: There is a flurry of activity of girls rushing to their rooms. Amy passes Edwina.
55) 1) dialog: Have you heard -- the Corporal is joining us for dinner tonight! Evidently Miss Martha was fearful she might have hurt his feelings by asking him to leave so she invited him to dine with us. Edwina watches her go, and rushes off herself. INT. GIRLS’ ROOM - EVENING Emily tightens the laces on Jane’s corset. Close up on ribbons in their hair.
57) 11) dialog: I picked the apples.
58) 18) dialog: And may we ask to look out for our friend, Corporal McBurney, as he makes his way. (CONTINUED)
59) 4) dialog: I’m not doing anything! (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Miss Martha rushes out, followed by the other girls, all nightgowns. They crowd around to see -- McBurney lying unconscious at bottom of the stairs in the darkness. Miss Martha takes a lamp, and holds it up. We see blood pooling around McBurney, his leg contorted. Amy, looking through the stair banister, cries.
62) 1) dialog: Is he dead?! Miss Martha leans in to check his pulse.
63) 0) text: The women gather around, blocking McBurney, who lies on t dining table. A lamp lights the table from the mantle. We SEE their backs as they look at McBurney. Jane turns to us in horror for what she sees. Amy covers mouth, as Emily ushers them away.
63) 15) text: Miss Martha goes back to the table. The girls gather arou blocking the gruesomeness of his injury. Amy squeezes Emily’s hand. Edwina puts a cold compress on McBurney’s forehead. He se to wake up for a moment in a daze.
70) 2) dialog: What are we going to do, Miss Martha?!
72) 0) text: Marie pumps water into a bucket. Under a large oak, Amy collects acorns.
74) 13) dialog: I don’t think he meant anyone any harm.
74) 23) dialog: Oh, please don’t shout, Corporal McBurney. You'll frighten Henry here. McBurney grabs the little turtle out of her small hands a throws him across the floor. (CONTINUED)
74) 24) text: Amy bends down to her turtle in tears. She looks back at McBurney like he’s a monster. With regret, he leans towards her.
74) 26) dialog: Stay away from me! Amy cries.
74) 30) dialog: Oh Miss Martha, what are we going to do? We hear O.S. a bottle smashing in the foyer. Jane starts sobbing.
74) 32) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Now, Miss Amy, I want you take a blue rag with you in your basket and go out front. Pretend you’re gathering walnuts, and make your way to the gate and tie it on, and then come right back. Do you think you can do that?
74) 33) dialog: Yes, Miss Martha.
75) 0) text: With her basket on her arm, Amy’s back is to us as she quickly ties the blue rag on the gate. Her hands tremble. A dark shadow comes into frame and falls over her, with t sound of a footstep. Amy turns to see McBurney.
76) 0) text: The girls all turn as they hear Amy’s O.S. scream. Miss Martha gets up to go out.
78) 0) text: Miss Martha opens the door slowly, letting in a stream of light in the dark shed. We stay CLOSE with Miss Martha as she carefully looks aro her back against the wall. Suddenly McBurney appears in her face from around a corne holding a terrified Amy. Miss Martha gasps.
80) 2) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Won’t you come inside with me? We have one more bottle of bourbon in the cellar. He looks at her, and slides the gun down her cheek slowly lowering it. He lets Amy go.
81) 0) text: WIDE on the mansion as McBurney makes his way back inside pointing the gun at Miss Martha and Amy, shooing them ins
82) 0) text: The girls scramble from the window and sit, terrified. Miss Martha enters with Amy, followed by McBurney. Miss Martha stands erect, between McBurney and the girls, trying to guard them in some way. McBurney looks at her from the doorway, fed up.
85) 12) dialog: I can tell him he’s no longer welcome around certain people, if you like.
85) 15) dialog: I was trying to help.
85) 25) dialog: Yes, Miss Martha. Miss Martha addresses the group.
87) 0) text: In the late afternoon sun, Amy walks with her basket, stopping here and there to pick mushrooms. FADE OUT. 90. INT. MISS MARTHA’S ROOM - EVENING Alone in her room, Miss Martha kneels and prays.
89) 17) dialog: But, Miss Edwina, you don’t like mushrooms. Jane and Emily stare.