2) 0) text: A class is in session. In a large living room that has been converted into a classroom, EDWINA, a tightly-wound, delicate beauty in he late-twenties, instructs a class of girls. She stands straight, with her high shirt collar buttoned the top and her hair pulled back primly. She looks confin in her tight, proper clothing. Edwina speaks in a gentle, well-bred manner and soft voic as she makes herself an example of a Southern lady to her students. There are four girls listening: ALICIA, 17, a bored, pretty blonde with long hair stares Her bodice slightly open, she fans herself with a noteboo
2) 3) dialog: Le Mari de Marie est ici a Paris aujourd'hui. The girls repeat after her in unison. Alicia is pouty as she has better things to be doing.
4) 10) dialog: Yes, Miss Martha. The girls surround McBurney. (CONTINUED)
5) 6) dialog: We ought to wash his wound.
5) 9) dialog: After all the blood he’s lost, he'd die if he went now. The girls look at Miss Martha.
6) 6) dialog: Yes, Miss Martha. Miss Martha is leaning forward, stitching his wound. A strand of her pinned-back hair has fallen forward in he work; she pushes it back, in concentration. Her brow perspires. Edwina moves a pot of water, as she goes for the cloth. McBurney’s belt is draped over a chair.
6) 9) text: Edwina’s hands dip a cloth into a bowl of water. She wrin it out -- water drips.
6) 10) text: Edwina’s hands wipe the cloth over McBurney’s forehead. A slight moan from McBurney, still unconscious. CLOSE on her hands and cloth wiping soot off of his face. Water drips down his face, on to his scruffy beard, down smooth chest. She carefully wipes his chest. Miss Martha finishes up her work. Edwina, on the verge of fainting, steadies herself with t back of a chair. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Edwina, please get more water and I’1l bathe him. I’m going to get him a clean nightshirt.
6) 11) dialog: Yes, Miss Martha. Edwina follows Miss Martha to the door. Edwina glances back at McBurney. Miss Martha opens the door wide -- swiftly. In the doorway, the school girls all crowding around tryi to get a glimpse of the man, scatter backwards, caught.
6) 22) dialog: We have a lot of mending to do.
7) 2) dialog: Careful, keep your stitches in a straight row. In an old salon, the girls sit around a table with Edwina Everything in the room feels faded. The table has small pieces of cloth, bits of old curtains tablecloths, and sewing supplies. They chat as they sew.
7) 7) dialog: You do.
7) 10) dialog: I doubt that, Jane.
7) 13) dialog: No. And it is very bad manners to call him a blue belly. He has a name, Corporal John McBurney.
9) 0) text: The girls continue their sewing under Edwina’s guidance, the afternoon sun streams through the sheer curtains.
17) 0) text: Edwina passes the music room to see the door open --
18) 0) text: In the low light, Edwina pauses to look through a space i the slightly open door. She sees Amy inside kneeling at the beside of a sleeping McBurney, whispering to him. Edwina shoots her a look.
18) 1) dialog: (trying to keep her voice down) What are you doing there! Amy looks over to her in the doorway.
18) 4) dialog: Let him rest.
18) 6) text: Amy bids adieu to sleeping McBurney and heads out, stoppi at Edwina in the doorway.
18) 8) dialog: He’s not one of your wounded birds or beetles. Amy gives her a look and rushes out, as Edwina closes the door. McBurney watches her. Under her tight-laced primness, it seems like Edwina migh burst. The door shuts -- we hear the KEY turn the lock.
19) 0) text: Miss Martha, standing tall in her high collar, reads from bible in the candlelight. The girls all sit in attendance. Edwina carefully follows along. Alicia goes up to Miss Martha and whispers to be excused.
19) 3) dialog: I pray that the Lord will see fit to restore the health of the wounded soldier. The girls lower their heads.
22) 0) text: The girls follow Edwina up the stairs, whispering. Miss Martha follows behind, to keep them together, holdin a candlestick in the dark stairwell.
25) 4) dialog: Until he’s much better.
26) 0) text: The sun beams thru fresh linens being hung on a clothes l Edwina and Jane.
28) 2) dialog: Careful with your ‘E's...
31) 0) text: Edwina stands in the doorway, something in her hand. She takes a moment to smooth her hair, before entering. Small Marie slips past her, beating her into the room to McBurney.
32) 0) text: Edwina turns, blocking Marie. (CONTINUED)
32) 2) dialog: Just a moment, Miss. Marie stops and looks at her.
32) 3) dialog: Where do you think you’re going in my jade earrings? Marie gives her a cute smile.
32) 5) dialog: Not in my jewelry, they’re not.
32) 7) dialog: I am not.
32) 9) dialog: Get to your work. Marie ducks and runs past her, laughing. Edwina pauses, embarrassed by her un-ladylike behavior. S starts to leave.
33) 0) text: Edwina stiffly glides over to McBurney’s bedside. She opens a white handkerchief and places a small bar of lavender soap, a razor, and a tortoiseshell comb on a tab next to McBurney with a pitcher of water on it. She freezes up, not knowing what to say.
33) 2) dialog: They look as if you had been trying to dig a pit with them.
33) 4) dialog: And when you couldn’t, you ran?
33) 6) dialog: It wasn’t very brave of you to run. She makes herself busy with some task, straightening up t table beside him.
33) 8) dialog: Because you’re alive?
33) 12) dialog: And what else have you been told about me?
33) 14) dialog: I hope the girls weren’t telling stories.
33) 16) dialog: I don’t...I just didn’t want you to have the wrong impression. Edwina looks at him. McBurney smiles up at her warmly, his eyes sparkling. She moves again.
33) 18) dialog: You’re a stranger here, that’s all, and I don’t want you to be misled.
33) 21) dialog: My father’s home is Richmond, I left Savannah when I was quite young. We lived in several places for my father’s enterprises.
33) 23) dialog: I have no one in the military. in, studying her. She’s uncomfortable with his
33) 25) dialog: Why are you so interested in me?
33) 28) dialog: That doesn’t matter to me. (CONTINUED)
33) 32) dialog: Anything?
33) 34) dialog: To be taken far away from here. He looks into her eyes. She straightens up and composes herself, standing. She smooths her hair.
33) 35) dialog: Good day, Corporal.
34) 0) text: Edwina braces herself against a wall, and after a heavy exhale, she composes herself and moves on.
37) 10) dialog: May I say, that any breath of fresh air from the outside world, I think is welcome to us all.
37) 16) dialog: He seems to be a sensitive person.
37) 18) dialog: I found him understanding.
38) 9) text: 4l. Amy gives McBurney a smile. The room is full of smiles and merriment -- Edwina and McBurney share a warm glance. Alicia sneaks a sultry look -- until A LOUD KNOCK at the front door interrupts them. Jane stops her song.
41) 3) dialog: Why did they come?
41) 11) dialog: Oh, yes.
47) 0) text: McBurney works in the garden in the hot sun, he looks ove Edwina passing. He stares at her. CLOSE on Edwina over by the mossy oaks with a basket of linens-- she feels his stare, and tilts her head, pretend to not notice him.
49) 0) text: Edwina and Emily pick some vegetables in the kitchen gard McBurney stops to watch her. CLOSE on Edwina’s flushed face as she works in the garden she steals a glance at him.
49) 9) text: McBurney looks up to see Edwina watching him through a la curtain. McBurney splashes water on his face from a bucket to cool off. Water drips over him. His eyes meet Edwina’s and she turns away. Alicia and Emily wave to McBurney from nearby. He gives them a nod.
54) 0) text: Edwina joins McBurney by the window, alone in his room.
54) 2) dialog: Have you? She looks down shyly.
54) 5) dialog: I don’t want you to leave.
54) 7) dialog: Please... don’t ever say that to me unless you mean it.
54) 9) dialog: That’s not true.
54) 12) dialog: If you can get to Richmond, my father can help you.
55) 0) text: There is a flurry of activity of girls rushing to their rooms. Amy passes Edwina.
57) 1) text: The evening is festive, with chatter and the passing of b and platters of sweet potato pie, black-eyed peas and biscuits. They are all enjoying having a man at the table but Jane is still suspicious of the Northern enemy. A radiant Edwina wears a blue silk dress, that sits off h shoulders.
57) 3) dialog: Thank you.
57) 13) dialog: Is that my recipe, Miss Alicia? Jane looks at Alicia. Alicia is coy to Edwina.
58) 3) text: Edwina enters the room to see Alicia leaning by McBurney, flirtatiously chatting with him at the window. McBurney turns to see Edwina and makes his way over to he with his cane. (CONTINUED)
58) 4) text: Next to Edwina, he squeezes her hand reassuringly. He loo at her, as she avoids his stare. He leans in and speaks under his breath, as if it’s a tortured burden -- to be so close to her and not grab her
59) 0) text: Edwina passes McBurney and Miss Martha in the dark hallwa In the dim candlelight, Edwina and McBurney exchange a knowing look, and Edwina continues on. Miss Martha stops at her room. She and McBurney stand at doorway, as she holds a candelabra, facing him. Is he goi to join her? She looks at him, she is softer.
59) 10) dialog: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven...
59) 12) text: Edwina puts perfume behind her ears. Edwina leaves her door slightly ajar. She lies on her bed next to the glow of a candle, full of anticipation. We SEE the outline of her hair as she waits (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Edwina, holding up a candlestick, carefully walks down th dark hall. We hear what sounds like muffled GIGGLES. Edwina in her nightgown makes her way closer to a room -- door barely ajar, a low LIGHT seeping out. It’s quiet now. Edwina wonders if she was imagining sound then she hears a CREAK and a LAUGH and moves forward. Edwina opens the door to find --
60) 2) text: They look up to see Edwina. Edwina steps back -- as McBur jumps up. (CONTINUED)
60) 5) dialog: No --
61) 0) text: McBurney, smiling with assurance, moves toward Edwina, as backs up in shock. He reaches for her.
63) 2) dialog: What?! No! (CONTINUED)
63) 15) text: Miss Martha goes back to the table. The girls gather arou blocking the gruesomeness of his injury. Amy squeezes Emily’s hand. Edwina puts a cold compress on McBurney’s forehead. He se to wake up for a moment in a daze.
63) 16) dialog: What are you going to do?
63) 26) dialog: What?! NO! Miss Martha snaps at her.
66) 0) text: Edwina, in a pale cotton dress, sits by the door to McBurney’s room, waiting in the quiet house. Her head low and tired, she’s been waiting a long time. SUDDENLY the silence is interrupted by his horrified scre
67) 0) text: McBurney tries to sit up in bed. His pale face, covered i stubble, is dark, like a broken monster. Edwina pleads with him in tears.
67) 1) dialog: I've been waiting for days to talk to you... He gives her a hateful look -- like how can you even spea me?
67) 2) dialog: You don’t know how sorry I am!
67) 10) dialog: It was an accident, she saved your life.
67) 13) dialog: John--
69) 0) text: Edwina passes by the closed door of McBurney’s room. She stops and listens to McBurney’s muffled sobbing. Her heart breaks for him. CLOSE on Edwina- What have we become?
74) 7) dialog: Oh, shut up. Edwina shoots her a look.
74) 9) dialog: He wasn’t harming her. She isn’t harmed, is she?
74) 11) dialog: How should we know what his intentions were?
83) 0) text: Miss Martha tries to block Edwina.
83) 2) dialog: Get out of my way.
84) 0) text: McBurney lies on his bed. He looks over as his door start to open slowly -- what is it now? Edwina stands in the doorway. McBurney watches as Edwina enters, closing the door caref behind her.
86) 0) text: CLOSE on McBurney and Edwina asleep in bed, her face rest against his chest.
89) 0) text: A beautiful table is set with candles, wildflowers and platters of food. Miss Martha and the rest of the household sit around the table, dressed up in their finery. Miss Martha wears taff and earrings, the girls in their holiday dresses. Miss Martha and the girls look up as McBurney comes in followed by Edwina. He is wearing his washed and mended uniform. McBurney smiles at the warm hospitality. Edwina, at his side, has her hair down and wears a pretty dress. With he flushed cheeks, for the first time she looks unwound. (CONTINUED)
89) 1) text: She smiles at McBurney as they look at each other like -- Isn’t this nice? They sit down and join the party. The girls pass the plat around. Edwina is oblivious to their plan. (CONTINUED)
89) 16) dialog: Thank you. He starts to serve her some. The girls look at each other.
89) 18) dialog: It’s true, I don’t really.
89) 24) dialog: John? John? C.U. McBurney, on the verge of unconsciousness, looks at all, realizing... (CONTINUED)
89) 25) text: McBurney collapses to the floor. Edwina falls down to him She tries to lift his heavy unconscious body. It’s no use CUT TO BLACK.
91) 4) dialog: Yes, Miss Martha. She takes her old place at Martha’s side, overseeing the girls’ work.
91) 5) dialog: Not so tight, Miss Jane.