2) 1) text: On a fly buzzing in the corner. Alicia watches it. JANE, a prim 16-year-old with freckles, sits next to her carefully following along. Next to them is EMILY, a practical 15-year-old. (CONTINUED)
4) 2) dialog: Amy and somebody’s there! The BELL clangs again. (CONTINUED)
5) 1) dialog: Is he breathing?
5) 3) dialog: I’m sorry Miss Martha. I forgot it was my turn to look out.
7) 6) dialog: My mother wrote me from Charleston that the blockade is fearful. She says I probably eat better here than I would at home.
7) 11) dialog: Miss Edwina, aren’t you afraid of that blue belly? (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: The kitchen is busy with morning activity. Sun pours in through a window that looks out over the kit garden. A basket of greens and thick ceramic bowls sit on a side table. Heavy iron pots hang by the stove, where Emily tak a pot off. The girls eat porridge over the kitchen table.
27) 2) dialog: Shall we not have music here this morning?
30) 0) text: Emily and Alicia hoe in the rows of the vegetable garden the hot sun. Alicia’s not cut out for this kind of work.
30) 2) dialog: Almost... this is the last row. Some CANNONS, less than before, are heard in the distance
36) 0) text: Emily is on lookout as the sun begins to set. She sings to herself.
37) 11) dialog: I heard he said he was a mercenary, so maybe he’s not even really the enemy.
41) 14) dialog: And there are the doubts if we can really consider him an enemy. They all look at Miss Martha. McBurney waits for his fate
41) 18) dialog: I'd like to come too.
42) 0) text: The cavalrymen ride off in the moonlight. The lights in the house go black. INT. GIRLS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT As the SOUND of the horses’ HOOVES fade, we hear an OWL outside their window. Amy, Jane, and Emily whisper from their beds in the dark room. (CONTINUED)
42) 4) dialog: Oh, what would you know?
42) 6) dialog: You think just because you found him, you have some special relationship...
45) 0) text: Emily and Alicia pass through. McBurney nods to them as h makes his way slowly. Alicia smiles at him coyly.
45) 3) dialog: That’s right.
49) 0) text: Edwina and Emily pick some vegetables in the kitchen gard McBurney stops to watch her. CLOSE on Edwina’s flushed face as she works in the garden she steals a glance at him.
49) 9) text: McBurney looks up to see Edwina watching him through a la curtain. McBurney splashes water on his face from a bucket to cool off. Water drips over him. His eyes meet Edwina’s and she turns away. Alicia and Emily wave to McBurney from nearby. He gives them a nod.
50) 0) text: As Amy passes to go inside, Emily and Alicia tug her brai
52) 0) text: Amy lies on a sofa crying. Alicia, and Emily crowd around her.
52) 4) dialog: We might suggest to Miss Martha that it would be nice if Corporal McBurney could join us at the table for dinner.
55) 3) dialog: Almost. The SOUND of a dinner BELL ringing.
62) 5) dialog: Is he going to die?!
63) 0) text: The women gather around, blocking McBurney, who lies on t dining table. A lamp lights the table from the mantle. We SEE their backs as they look at McBurney. Jane turns to us in horror for what she sees. Amy covers mouth, as Emily ushers them away.
63) 15) text: Miss Martha goes back to the table. The girls gather arou blocking the gruesomeness of his injury. Amy squeezes Emily’s hand. Edwina puts a cold compress on McBurney’s forehead. He se to wake up for a moment in a daze.
63) 22) dialog: Don’t distract her! The girls squabble.
64) 0) text: In the low morning fog, WIDE on the women and girls of th Farnsworth school gathered around a small pit. Some are wearing black shawls. They open a blanket and drop something in with a loud thu Miss Martha reads a prayer, as Emily shovels dirt over th small grave.
70) 3) dialog: Miss Marie said she saw Union troops approaching.
74) 17) dialog: Why don’t you just go?
85) 5) dialog: Can’t we leave him back in the woods?
85) 7) dialog: We could hang him?! Miss Martha looks at her.