2) 1) text: On a fly buzzing in the corner. Alicia watches it. JANE, a prim 16-year-old with freckles, sits next to her carefully following along. Next to them is EMILY, a practical 15-year-old. (CONTINUED)
4) 3) text: Help! Miss Martha! Miss Farnsworth swiftly moves to Amy who is halfway up th walk to the large house. McBurney lies on the ground in front of her. The other girls rush out to them. Miss Martha’s hat has fallen behind her, her hair is swep off her face. Jane leans in to get a better look at the stranger.
4) 4) dialog: Is he dead? Miss Martha checks his pulse.
4) 13) dialog: A real blue belly! WIDER on the group as they lift his dead weight. Standing tall and efficient, Miss Martha helps the younge girls where his body is dropping. They start to make thei way toward the porch.
4) 14) dialog: (whispers) You know they rape every Southern woman they come across...
7) 4) dialog: There is so! My father is with General Lee and if I so desired, soldiers would come escort me to him now.
7) 9) dialog: I agree. He’s probably a spy and will let the blue bellies in at night to raid our garden.
11) 0) text: Miss Martha rushes down to see Jane and Alicia.
11) 1) dialog: It’s our boys, Miss Martha. They’1l be passing our way. Alicia's bosom is pushed up in her tight bodice.
11) 4) dialog: I think, maybe they have some prisoners.
14) 2) dialog: Is she telling him?! Jane looks over Amy’s shoulder.
21) 3) dialog: I ask God’s blessing on our armies, and the safe return of our boys. Edwina glances up from her bible at Alicia, knowing she i to something. Alicia gives her an innocent smile like -- what?! She sli back into her chair and bows her head with the others. Sh has a tiny secret smile on her lips. Edwina returns her head down in prayer.
25) 3) dialog: How long is he going to stay in the music room?
25) 5) dialog: But, how can I practice the harp with a dangerous enemy in the same room? The other girls are used to her complaining. Miss Martha sweeps into the busy kitchen. She is more put together than usual. She passes Edwina, who is wearing a special dress. She we a beautiful necklace on her pale floral dress. Miss Marth admires it. Edwina continues to shell beans.
26) 0) text: The sun beams thru fresh linens being hung on a clothes l Edwina and Jane.
35) 0) text: Late afternoon. Jane and Marie get a pail of water from t pump.
37) 9) dialog: With the presence of this hateful enemy, he will be a constant reminder to us that the war is still going on, and the sacrifices and prayers we must make.
38) 4) dialog: Yes, ma’am. Jane begins playing the harpsichord.
38) 9) text: 4l. Amy gives McBurney a smile. The room is full of smiles and merriment -- Edwina and McBurney share a warm glance. Alicia sneaks a sultry look -- until A LOUD KNOCK at the front door interrupts them. Jane stops her song.
38) 10) dialog: Yankees?!
42) 0) text: The cavalrymen ride off in the moonlight. The lights in the house go black. INT. GIRLS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT As the SOUND of the horses’ HOOVES fade, we hear an OWL outside their window. Amy, Jane, and Emily whisper from their beds in the dark room. (CONTINUED)
42) 2) dialog: I wonder how long he’1l stay.
42) 8) dialog: Shhh.
53) 0) text: Jane cuts some wild flowers in a field, making a small bouquet.
55) 2) dialog: Have you got it?
57) 1) text: The evening is festive, with chatter and the passing of b and platters of sweet potato pie, black-eyed peas and biscuits. They are all enjoying having a man at the table but Jane is still suspicious of the Northern enemy. A radiant Edwina wears a blue silk dress, that sits off h shoulders.
58) 0) text: The girls are chatting and Jane finishes playing “Concert B Minor” by Oskar Reiding on her violin for McBurney who nearby, listening appreciatively.
59) 3) dialog: Please! Stop it!
62) 4) dialog: Oh, Miss Martha! Edwina is in shock and can’t explain herself.
63) 0) text: The women gather around, blocking McBurney, who lies on t dining table. A lamp lights the table from the mantle. We SEE their backs as they look at McBurney. Jane turns to us in horror for what she sees. Amy covers mouth, as Emily ushers them away.
63) 19) dialog: Oh dear lord!
70) 5) dialog: He would lead them back here... They all look to Miss Martha. CLOSE on Miss Martha thinking.
73) 0) text: Jane, in a cotton dress, with a sun hat in her hand, walk alone to the stairs. (CONTINUED)
73) 3) dialog: It’s Jane.
73) 8) dialog: I’m just going out to the garden, Corporal McBurney. He pulls her closer, pinning her against the wall.
73) 9) dialog: Please --
73) 13) dialog: She seems to be doing that.
73) 15) dialog: Yes sir. You better go back inside. She closes the door and hurries away.
74) 1) dialog: I wish he would just leave.
85) 3) dialog: I knew it was a mistake when you brought him here, Amy.
85) 10) dialog: We can’t go on like this with him here.
85) 17) dialog: Will you go and get help?
89) 11) dialog: Here they are. (CONTINUED)