3) 0) text: The SOUND of a BELL ringing breaks the silence of the hot day. In the bright sun, a woman with a large sun hat turns to reveal: MISS MARTHA FARNSWORTH, 40’s, a pale, worn, South beauty. With elegant posture, she looks like a lady, not accustom work outside in the kitchen garden. She turns to MARIE, a haired 12-year-old who is helping beside her. The BELL RINGS AGAIN, and Miss Martha lifts her skirt hem and rushes to the gate, followed by Marie.
4) 1) text: Miss Martha and Marie rush to the front gate. A VOICE calls out from a window above.
4) 16) dialog: (in awe, staring down at him) You wouldn’t know from his face that he was a Yankee, would you?
16) 0) text: Surrounded by mossy trees, Marie walks around on look-out the evening sun sets. We hear the sound of CICADAS and CRICKETS joining in.
31) 0) text: Edwina stands in the doorway, something in her hand. She takes a moment to smooth her hair, before entering. Small Marie slips past her, beating her into the room to McBurney.
31) 1) dialog: Excuse me, won’t you, Miss Edwina? I have some personal business here. Edwina watches as Marie brings a book to McBurney, marvel about what business a twelve-year-old would have here wit him. Edwina waits at the door, impatiently. (CONTINUED)
31) 2) text: Marie speaks in a low voice, keeping her conversation wit McBurney private.
31) 3) dialog: I wanted to bring this to you last night for fear that you might die before morning, but then I thought since you were unconscious, you wouldn’t be able to read it anyway.
31) 5) dialog: Are you Protestant?
31) 7) dialog: Well then, here’s a prayer book for you.
31) 9) dialog: I thought you might need to confess if you’re on the verge of death.
31) 12) dialog: Pleased to meet you, sir. Marie curtseys and rushes out.
32) 0) text: Edwina turns, blocking Marie. (CONTINUED)
32) 4) dialog: Oh Miss Edwina, don’t be hateful. Everyone is dressing up today.
32) 6) dialog: I‘1ll give them back. And how beautiful you look this morning, you're all dressed up yourself.
32) 8) dialog: I haven't seen that beautiful necklace since last Christmas.
35) 0) text: Late afternoon. Jane and Marie get a pail of water from t pump.
41) 8) dialog: They’11l likely shoot him and leave him along the road. (CONTINUED)
52) 1) dialog: When?
63) 10) dialog: What did he want?
63) 21) dialog: What will you do?!
68) 1) text: Marie is on lookout. Her small figure walks it’s length, looking out past the mossy trees.
72) 0) text: Marie pumps water into a bucket. Under a large oak, Amy collects acorns.
85) 19) dialog: He loved the mushrooms.
85) 21) dialog: The corporal sure did love the mushrooms we served him. What if Amy picked the kind -- some especially for him? Miss Martha looks at her, getting her drift. (CONTINUED)