3) 0) text: The SOUND of a BELL ringing breaks the silence of the hot day. In the bright sun, a woman with a large sun hat turns to reveal: MISS MARTHA FARNSWORTH, 40’s, a pale, worn, South beauty. With elegant posture, she looks like a lady, not accustom work outside in the kitchen garden. She turns to MARIE, a haired 12-year-old who is helping beside her. The BELL RINGS AGAIN, and Miss Martha lifts her skirt hem and rushes to the gate, followed by Marie.
3) 1) dialog: Can’t be the patrol, they were just here.
4) 1) text: Miss Martha and Marie rush to the front gate. A VOICE calls out from a window above.
4) 3) text: Help! Miss Martha! Miss Farnsworth swiftly moves to Amy who is halfway up th walk to the large house. McBurney lies on the ground in front of her. The other girls rush out to them. Miss Martha’s hat has fallen behind her, her hair is swep off her face. Jane leans in to get a better look at the stranger.
4) 5) dialog: Not yet. She turns to Amy.
4) 6) dialog: (sternly) How'd he get here?
4) 9) dialog: We'll get him to the porch for now. You can all help, Edwina take his legs...
4) 11) text: McBurney opens his eyes, and looks up at: THE BACK-LIT GROUP OF CURIOUS, FLUSHED-FACED GIRLS, looki down on him. Their hair ranging from sandy blonde to chestnut brown. With a weak smile -- is he dreaming? -- he turns his head little to see: Miss Martha glaring down at him severely.
4) 15) dialog: Stop that nonsense, Jane!
4) 17) dialog: Run ahead, Amy, and open the door for us. And then you come right back here and tie that blue rag on the gate...
5) 0) text: The group reaches the porch. We SEE the beautiful facade the house with the great columns rising behind them. They struggle to get McBurney up the steps. Miss Martha nods. She braces her back against a column as they set him down.
5) 2) dialog: Why didn’t you call out before, Emily? You must have seen them crossing the fields!
5) 4) dialog: Someday you’ll forget and it’1l be Union scroungers in our garden! That’s how we lost most of our chickens. The girls cluster around him, fascinated. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Marie, you get up and look if you can see any of our soldiers. Marie reluctantly leaves them. (CONTINUED)
5) 7) dialog: And sew it up. Amy -- didn’t I tell you to go tie that blue rag on the gate for the patrol? Amy reluctantly starts to go.
5) 11) dialog: Yes, and you’re quite right, Edwina, he’d never make it. We'll wait until he’s in shape to be taken away. Emily, put some water on to boil. Jane, Alicia, find any cloth we can spare and bring it to the music room. Miss Martha and the others use all their strength to brin him inside. The door of the mansion closes behind them. We hear the roar of BATTLE in the distance.
6) 2) text: Miss Martha’s steady hands with shears as she cuts the fa of the pants of McBurney’s uniform.
6) 4) dialog: She sees his nakedness -- then looks away, composing hers to her ladylike ways. She covers him with a piece of line McBurney lies on a pale day bed, unconscious and pale und his thick beard. Beads of sweat form on his forehead. His hands are bandaged and he is naked, other than a clot across his lap. Edwina carefully puts a soft pillow under his head.
6) 5) dialog: I need more cloth please, Edwina. Anything you can find.
6) 7) dialog: There’s enough metal in there to shoe a horse... I think I got most of it. Edwina with flushed cheeks, looks down on McBurney’s hand face. (CONTINUED)
6) 10) text: Edwina’s hands wipe the cloth over McBurney’s forehead. A slight moan from McBurney, still unconscious. CLOSE on her hands and cloth wiping soot off of his face. Water drips down his face, on to his scruffy beard, down smooth chest. She carefully wipes his chest. Miss Martha finishes up her work. Edwina, on the verge of fainting, steadies herself with t back of a chair. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Edwina, please get more water and I’1l bathe him. I’m going to get him a clean nightshirt.
6) 12) dialog: I thought so!
6) 14) dialog: Not today, I don’t think. (CONTINUED)
6) 19) dialog: We'll turn him over to the patrol, of course. If by some miracle he lives through the night, which I doubt. In the meantime I don’t want anyone poking in here or lurking in the hall...
6) 21) dialog: I’m afraid he won't be here long enough - dead or alive - for his name to make any difference to us. She turns to Edwina. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) There’s too much distraction for any more studying today.
6) 23) dialog: Good! To the sewing room, all of you! She claps her hands to shoo them away.
8) 0) text: McBurney is passed out, as Miss Martha sits next to him w a bucket of water and pieces of cloth. Having volunteered before as a nurse, she keeps a professional posture, but it is clear that she hasn’t see man’s body in a long time. She pushes her hair back as she dips a cloth into the war water and cleans his arms carefully. Sunlight outlines hi body as she cleans his shoulders and chest. Then his legs Miss Martha takes a deep breath, and lifts the cloth cove him, as she moves the cloth to his hips and inner thighs.
11) 0) text: Miss Martha rushes down to see Jane and Alicia.
11) 3) dialog: Confederate soldiers? Alone?
11) 5) dialog: I don’t want them to see you girls. Go upstairs! They run upstairs. Miss Martha goes to the mirror in the foyer on her way ou She buttons her collar high and smooths her skirt.
12) 0) text: A small group of CONFEDERATE SOLDIERS march past the scho gate. They are battle-weary, in worn uniforms. Behind their wag Yankee prisoners march slowly along. Miss Martha opens the gate to greet them.
12) 1) dialog: What’s the news?
13) 0) text: The Captain, now standing, talks to Miss Martha at the ga She stands composed, like a lady, with a subtle tilt of h head, as if she was at the entrance of a ball.
13) 2) dialog: Just a teacher and a few students. (CONTINUED)
13) 5) dialog: Yes, Captain. I wonder if you might have a few cartridges you could spare.
13) 7) dialog: My father left his revolver, and I'd feel much safer knowing I might use it if needed. He nods in respect.
19) 0) text: Miss Martha, standing tall in her high collar, reads from bible in the candlelight. The girls all sit in attendance. Edwina carefully follows along. Alicia goes up to Miss Martha and whispers to be excused.
19) 1) dialog: Can you wait? Alicia shakes her head. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Alright, then. Edwina watches as Alicia slips off. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Does anyone wish to ask for special blessings? (CONTINUED)
19) 4) dialog: We will pray for his return to health and for his early departure.
21) 4) dialog: And we pray for those we have lost. May we all be kept from harm throughout this night. Amen.
22) 0) text: The girls follow Edwina up the stairs, whispering. Miss Martha follows behind, to keep them together, holdin a candlestick in the dark stairwell.
22) 1) dialog: To your rooms, quietly girls. FADE OUT.
25) 6) dialog: Trés jolie. She gives her a loaded look, and then looks over at the o girls. Emily has earrings on and Alicia has a flower in h hair. (CONTINUED)
25) 8) dialog: (cool amusement) Seems like the soldier being here is having an effect.... (CONTINUED)
25) 9) text: Amy passes with her bowl. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Tell me, Miss Amy, did you find any mushrooms when you were out collecting soldiers?
25) 11) dialog: Let’s have a look later, shall we?
27) 0) text: McBurney looks up with a cheerful smile as Miss Martha enters. Some of the girls whisper and giggle as they peek in and to get a look at him.
27) 1) dialog: (to girls) Get on about your business, you have work and studies to do.
27) 3) dialog: No, we shall not. Please go to the library. (CONTINUED)
27) 4) text: She closes the door on them. She goes over to check on her patient. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Good morning, Corporal. (CONTINUED)
27) 7) dialog: Indeed you are. She sets to work checking his bandages; she is all busine She takes his hand and examines it.
27) 8) text: His hand in hers. Miss Martha pauses a moment, looking at his manly hand. She continues to dress his wounds.
27) 10) dialog: Do you indeed? And do you think it makes a great difference to me whether you like it or not? He looks at her, enjoying the rally.
27) 12) dialog: Are you not. What are you looking for then?
27) 15) dialog: Aren’t you afraid I’1l turn you over to our soldiers?
27) 17) dialog: Not necessarily. Is your leg paining you?
27) 19) dialog: Well, I hear that numbness would be more grave. There’s brandy if you wish.
27) 21) dialog: It isn’t being offered for your pleasure, only for your comfort.
27) 23) dialog: I must remind you Corporal McBurney, that you are not our guest, but a most unwelcome visitor. We don’t propose to entertain you here. (CONTINUED)
27) 26) dialog: What is it, Miss?
27) 28) dialog: There is nothing you can do here. You have enough studies and other work to keep you well occupied.
27) 30) dialog: That won’t be necessary. And Miss Alicia, you can tell the others this room is off limits.
27) 34) dialog: I don’t know you.
27) 36) dialog: You won't be here that long. Miss Martha nods and picks up her skirts and makes her wa out.
27) 38) dialog: Yes Corporal?
27) 40) dialog: I’1ll see what I can find.
37) 0) text: We FOLLOW Amy, the last one to sit at the dinner table. She takes her seat and looks to Miss Martha to see if she be scolded. Miss Martha, an example of perfect posture, smiles at her She lowers her head. (CONTINUED)
37) 2) dialog: The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due season. Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing. Bless us and these thy gifts which we receive from thy bountiful goodness, through Jesus Christ, our Lord, Amen. (CONTINUED)
37) 5) dialog: It has occurred to me that we might all reflect on the unexpected presence of Corporal McBurney in this house -- until his leg heals, of course. And we might discuss how we may practice compassion and what else we may learn from this. What does each of you think of this? Miss Martha looks around the table at the girls. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Miss Alicia, can you tell us how we may learn from his presence here? They all look to Alicia.
37) 7) dialog: It seems to me that is all there should be for any young lady your age. If we learn our lessons properly when young, we can expect a calm and happy life when we are faced with the distractions of the world. N’est- ce-pas? She looks to Edwina like, ‘Isn’t this so?’ Edwina nods. (CONTINUED)
37) 14) dialog: Well, we don’t know about that.
37) 17) dialog: Does he?
37) 19) dialog: Do you, indeed? You must share more of your findings with us, Edwina. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
37) 21) dialog: As dedicated Christians, let us ask the Corporal to join us in our evening prayer. 40.
38) 1) dialog: Since our music lessons were suspended today in order to permit the Corporal to rest, why don’t we have a little music now -- if Corporal McBurney will not be too disturbed by a little divertisement?
38) 3) dialog: Miss Jane?
38) 6) dialog: Doesn't she.
38) 11) dialog: Possibly not. It could be some of our own. LOUD KNOCKS hit the door below again. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Edwina, wait here with the girls and I'll go to the door. She looks at Edwina. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) If it is Yankees or unruly soldiers of our own army, I will rap three times on this door. Then you will take the girls out to the woods behind the garden and stay there until I come for you. She starts to leave.
38) 13) dialog: He may remain where he is since he’s in no condition to leave. I’m going to get the gun. Be quiet in here, all of you. Miss Martha starts to go. (CONTINUED)
38) 16) dialog: Yes. Shh. She leaves. In silence, the girls lean against the door, trying to he something. We hear MUFFLED VOICES. The girls hold their breath.
39) 0) text: Miss Martha hurries down the stairs.
41) 0) text: The door slowly opens and Miss Martha comes in pale, but triumphant, holding the gun. She composes herself, out of breath.
41) 1) dialog: It’s all right. (CONTINUED)
41) 2) text: The girls are relieved -- they can breathe again. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) There are just two of them -- two cavalrymen of our own. They’re having something to eat in the kitchen.
41) 4) dialog: To offer their assistance before the army leaves this vicinity. I haven't as yet mentioned Corporal McBurney. The girls look at each other and over to McBurney -- help on the settee. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) I might ask them to take him with them.
41) 6) dialog: I could tell them about him and suggest since he’s wounded that they come back for him, but that could be weeks or months.
41) 10) dialog: I could allow him to stay until he is recovered and then send him on his way alone.
41) 12) dialog: There is Christian charity to be considered.
41) 15) dialog: I will allow Corporal McBurney to remain until his leg heals. If one of you is opposed, I will tell the soldiers and let them decide what to do with him. She looks around at the girls. No hands are raised. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Well, then. She is relieved, and seems to remember the gun in her han (CONTINUED)
41) 16) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) When the soldiers saw me with this, I believe they were more frightened than I was! They said nothing was more frightening than a startled woman with a gun. She laughs on her way out.
41) 19) dialog: They seem decent enough, but there’s no need to put temptation in their way. Now get to bed. The girls file by on their way. Miss Martha turns to McBurney. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Would you care to join me for a brandy, Corporal?
43) 0) text: Miss Martha sits across from McBurney in front of a fire the small parlor. They sip brandy in the warm glow of the fire. Miss Martha leans back, letting her guard down, relieved be with another adult for once.
43) 1) dialog: What a night.
43) 3) dialog: I can’t say it hasn’t been a struggle.
43) 7) dialog: I want to give them what they’1l need to survive in these times. It will be such a different world they’1l be going out into, I don’t think they realize.
43) 9) dialog: Sometimes I get so tired... I pray the end is near. It’s hard to find any sense in it, how much everyone has suffered.
43) 11) dialog: I did.
43) 13) dialog: Everyone has lost so much.
43) 15) dialog: It must be devastating. He looks at her in appreciation of her kindness. (CONTINUED)
43) 18) dialog: I see... We’ve all done things out of our character. We’1ll look to it that you make your way home. Thank you for your company. If you’ll excuse me, I must insist you rest. Miss Martha stands, her figure outlined by the fire.
43) 20) dialog: Good evening, Corporal. She nods and walks out into the darkness.
44) 0) text: Sun floods in and birds chirp on a new day. McBurney -- clean-shaven and hair combed -- is standing, starting to walk carefully with the help of a cane, as Am his side watches. Miss Martha enters.
44) 2) dialog: Now lean on the cane and your good leg. Don’t put any weight on your bad leg.
44) 4) dialog: I still wouldn’t rush nature to take her course, but if you want to take the risk of reinjuring your leg, feel free to do so. McBurney slips a little, and Miss Martha and Amy rush to him. (CONTINUED)
44) 5) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Steady, Corporal!
45) 6) dialog: Girls, that’s enough. I'’1l be the one to let you know whose work is needed, now go on your way. Emily and Alicia give Amy a bitchy look, and continue on.
46) 1) text: 49a, He looks out over the garden. Miss Martha stands in the doorway nearby. (CONTINUED)
46) 4) dialog: Surtout pas. You’1l do nothing of the kind. It’s kind of you to offer but it has been neglected for some time, and it can remain that way a while longer.
46) 7) dialog: Well, if you really have a knack for gardening, you can make yourself welcome later in your convalescence. The English box hedge hasn't been trimmed properly for years now, and we have enough with keeping the kitchen garden going.
51) 0) text: McBurney rests on a bench by a great oak. Miss Martha comes over to him. (CONTINUED)
51) 2) dialog: Corporal, I wonder how your leg is?
51) 4) dialog: I would expect that. You may recall I was opposed to you walking on it so soon, however I can appreciate your need to be active. May I check?
51) 6) dialog: The stitches seem to be holding and the wound is healing nicely.
51) 8) dialog: Some may say you’re recovered now. I’m sure the army surgeons would say you’re ready to return to duty.
51) 10) dialog: I didn’t say that.
51) 14) dialog: Yes, it is.
51) 16) dialog: I'm afraid that is entirely your business where you go, Corporal. However I should think you might find columns of your troops on the main road to Richmond. He looks out.
51) 18) dialog: Perhaps, but I expect we’ll have to do without in these times. McBurney looks upset, fragile.
57) 2) dialog: That dress is very becoming on you, Miss Edwina.
57) 5) dialog: It is not entirely suitable dress for a young ladies school, but we know that Miss Edwina is accustomed to town society with different views. I suggest we change the subject and that Miss Edwina might consider drawing her shawl to prevent any other speculation on the subject. Edwina demurely pulls her shawl over her shoulders as Ali watches. McBurney gives Edwina a little smile from across the tabl She smiles back at him.
57) 7) dialog: Merci Beaucoup...Miss Alicia made the pie herself.
57) 15) dialog: (to McBurney) We’re fortunate to have had enough water for our garden.
58) 6) dialog: May I offer you a digestif, some brandy, Corporal?
58) 8) dialog: My father had quite a cellar in his day. The house was full of parties... People traveled from all over to come here.
58) 10) dialog: It was. There were elegant dinners and balls... carriages lined up, beautiful gowns and men in full dress... She smiles and lifts her glass as they sip brandy togethe (CONTINUED)
58) 13) dialog: Oh, all bravery is -- is doing what must be done at the time. Tell me, Corporal, do you think this war will be over soon?
58) 15) dialog: I know...
58) 17) dialog: Please gather for our evening prayers. Miss Martha starts the prayers, as the others gather arou in the candlelight. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Dear Lord, we ask for your protection over our school and all of the brave members of our army...
58) 20) dialog: Yes, Miss Amy. Corporal McBurney’s stay with us has taught us all a very important lesson, that the enemy as an individual is not what we believed. Let us bow in silent meditation. The girls bow their heads. Alicia sneaks a look to McBurney. Amy looks at her, confused.
59) 0) text: Edwina passes McBurney and Miss Martha in the dark hallwa In the dim candlelight, Edwina and McBurney exchange a knowing look, and Edwina continues on. Miss Martha stops at her room. She and McBurney stand at doorway, as she holds a candelabra, facing him. Is he goi to join her? She looks at him, she is softer.
59) 1) dialog: Well, good night, Corporal. You will need your rest. She touches his arm.
59) 7) dialog: Girls! Quiet down. The moment is broken, McBurney looks at her. Miss Martha gives him a little curtsey. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Good night, Corporal.
62) 0) text: Miss Martha rushes out, followed by the other girls, all nightgowns. They crowd around to see -- McBurney lying unconscious at bottom of the stairs in the darkness. Miss Martha takes a lamp, and holds it up. We see blood pooling around McBurney, his leg contorted. Amy, looking through the stair banister, cries.
62) 2) dialog: No, but we have to stop the bleeding. Edwina joins them at the bottom of the stairs, her tear- stained face in shock. (CONTINUED)
62) 3) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) What has happened?!
62) 6) dialog: (urgent) Get some rags! Alicia comes down the stairs, not seeing the severity of
62) 9) dialog: We have to get him to the table. Help me move him. Marie comes to her side. Jane recoils, the girls are scar to get closer.
62) 11) dialog: Be quite, and help. The girls help to pick him up. 68.
63) 1) dialog: We may have to remove it. Close on McBurney’s unconscious face.
63) 6) dialog: Is that so, Miss?
63) 8) dialog: Were you indeed?
63) 12) dialog: Be quiet, all of you.
63) 14) dialog: (firmly) Go to your room. Alicia sulks off. (CONTINUED)
63) 15) text: Miss Martha goes back to the table. The girls gather arou blocking the gruesomeness of his injury. Amy squeezes Emily’s hand. Edwina puts a cold compress on McBurney’s forehead. He se to wake up for a moment in a daze.
63) 18) dialog: His leg is broken badly this time. I can’t repair it, I’m not a surgeon.
63) 20) dialog: Quiet!
63) 23) dialog: Go to your rooms! Miss Martha steps aside, as the girls scurry off in tears McBurney lies unconscious on the table. Miss Martha turns Edwina at the mantle.
63) 24) dialog: We have to amputate. (CONTINUED)
63) 25) text: Miss Martha is stone-faced.
63) 27) dialog: Do you want him to die? A very good doctor might be able to do something... but by the morning that leg with start to mortify... Edwina sobs. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) It’s the only chance he has. CLOSE on Miss Martha’s intense face in the lamp light. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) We need more rags and the saw from the smokehouse. Edwina, find the anatomy book. Edwina wails. CUT TO BLACK.
64) 0) text: In the low morning fog, WIDE on the women and girls of th Farnsworth school gathered around a small pit. Some are wearing black shawls. They open a blanket and drop something in with a loud thu Miss Martha reads a prayer, as Emily shovels dirt over th small grave.
64) 1) dialog: Out of the depths have I cried unto thee, O Lord. Lord, hear my voice: let thine ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
64) 3) dialog: If thou, Lord, shouldest mark iniquities, O Lord, who shall stand? But there is forgiveness with thee, that thou mayest be feared. I wait for the Lord, my soul doth wait, and in his word do I hope. My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning.
67) 6) dialog: What is going on here?
67) 8) dialog: We saved your life. Amy watches from the side, holding her turtle, afraid. McBurney looks at Miss Martha with hatred. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) We had to do it. He blasts at her.
67) 15) dialog: You've had enough. Edwina tries to get close to him, but he pushes her away. (CONTINUED)
70) 0) text: The women are gathered around Miss Martha. We hear POUNDING from across the hall of McBurney’s rage, smashing furniture. Miss Martha stays composed. (CONTINUED)
70) 4) dialog: If we let him go, he’1ll join up with them. He would tell them about our garden and our cow.
70) 6) dialog: Exactly...
74) 0) text: Miss Martha and the others have tea at the kitchen table.
74) 2) dialog: We have to wait until the Union troops have passed. It won’t be long, I'm expecting our men to push them back. (CONTINUED)
74) 5) dialog: I know, dear.
74) 8) dialog: Please. We must all be strong. He’1ll be on his way soon.
74) 10) dialog: But he intended to harm her.
74) 12) dialog: Don't fence with me, Miss.
74) 14) dialog: Perhaps not, but we can’t be sure. Suddenly a loud CRASHING sound comes from the other room. Miss Martha stands up. Alicia screams. McBurney staggers in on his crutches, the revolver in his hand. He is belligerent. (CONTINUED)
74) 18) dialog: Yes, why don’t we help you prepare your possessions and you can leave.
74) 21) dialog: That’s enough.
74) 27) dialog: That’s enough. McBurney turns to Miss Martha. He points the gun at her.
74) 31) dialog: We're going to be alright. Miss Martha holds Jane’s shoulders to comfort her. (CONTINUED)
74) 32) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Now, Miss Amy, I want you take a blue rag with you in your basket and go out front. Pretend you’re gathering walnuts, and make your way to the gate and tie it on, and then come right back. Do you think you can do that?
74) 34) dialog: Then hurry right back.
76) 0) text: The girls all turn as they hear Amy’s O.S. scream. Miss Martha gets up to go out.
76) 1) dialog: Go inside and stay there.
77) 0) text: Miss Martha walks carefully outside, looking around. She no one. The girls run into the house. We hear the dry grass under Miss Martha's shoes. The door of the shed shuts. Miss Martha walks towards it.
78) 0) text: Miss Martha opens the door slowly, letting in a stream of light in the dark shed. We stay CLOSE with Miss Martha as she carefully looks aro her back against the wall. Suddenly McBurney appears in her face from around a corne holding a terrified Amy. Miss Martha gasps.
80) 0) text: CLOSE on McBurney and Miss Martha face to face in the dim shed. McBurney holds the gun up close to her face.
80) 1) dialog: Please, Corporal McBurney. She looks him in the eye. (CONTINUED)
80) 2) text: MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Won’t you come inside with me? We have one more bottle of bourbon in the cellar. He looks at her, and slides the gun down her cheek slowly lowering it. He lets Amy go.
81) 0) text: WIDE on the mansion as McBurney makes his way back inside pointing the gun at Miss Martha and Amy, shooing them ins
82) 0) text: The girls scramble from the window and sit, terrified. Miss Martha enters with Amy, followed by McBurney. Miss Martha stands erect, between McBurney and the girls, trying to guard them in some way. McBurney looks at her from the doorway, fed up.
82) 2) dialog: Miss Marie, please go to the cellar and fetch that last bottle of bourbon. She slips her a key, and Marie moves past, avoiding McBur in the doorway. (CONTINUED)
82) 11) dialog: Leave him. Edwina pushes past her.
83) 0) text: Miss Martha tries to block Edwina.
83) 1) dialog: Don’t make a fool of yourself. Edwina looks at her stone-faced and fed-up.
83) 3) dialog: No, Edwina, don’t. She shoves Miss Martha out of her way roughly and moves p her, determined. Miss Martha falls against the wall in distress.
85) 0) text: Miss Martha sits down with the girls around her. She is concentrating on a plan.
85) 2) dialog: Hush, Alicia, we have bigger problems to solve.
85) 4) dialog: Don't blame her, she did it out of the goodness of her heart... Now we must think... Since no one in this house is safe as long as he remains here. It’s just a matter of how we can rid ourselves of him.
85) 6) dialog: We can’t take the risk that he’1l meet and bring his troops.
85) 8) dialog: Let’s not resort to brutality... (CONTINUED)
85) 11) dialog: We shall have to do something, and quickly, about him. I’m very worried of what might happen next.
85) 13) dialog: You'll do nothing of the sort, Miss.
85) 16) dialog: Girls, please.
85) 18) dialog: I don’t want to leave you here alone with him...
85) 20) dialog: What was that?
85) 23) dialog: I see. A beat. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) Do you think you could do that, Amy? Find some mushrooms for the corporal? Amy looks at her.
85) 24) dialog: You'll have to be very careful that he doesn’t notice you leaving the house. Miss Martha grasps Amy's wrists in emphasis. Amy looks he in the eye, determined.
85) 26) dialog: We'll make him a nice supper, we can invite him for a send-off... We’ll get out that smoked ham and make some biscuits and a bowl of your mushrooms sauteed in butter and wine...
87) 0) text: In the late afternoon sun, Amy walks with her basket, stopping here and there to pick mushrooms. FADE OUT. 90. INT. MISS MARTHA’S ROOM - EVENING Alone in her room, Miss Martha kneels and prays.
88) 0) text: In the dim candlelight, Miss Martha walks down the hall w a quiet, determined reserve.
89) 0) text: A beautiful table is set with candles, wildflowers and platters of food. Miss Martha and the rest of the household sit around the table, dressed up in their finery. Miss Martha wears taff and earrings, the girls in their holiday dresses. Miss Martha and the girls look up as McBurney comes in followed by Edwina. He is wearing his washed and mended uniform. McBurney smiles at the warm hospitality. Edwina, at his side, has her hair down and wears a pretty dress. With he flushed cheeks, for the first time she looks unwound. (CONTINUED)
89) 3) dialog: Corporal, we'd like to let you know that we harbor no ill feelings, and made this meal in commemoration of your journey ahead.
89) 5) dialog: Think nothing of it.
89) 7) dialog: Bon Appetit. Oh, wait-- wait. We haven't said grace. They put the platters down. Everyone lowers their heads. MISS MARTHA (CONT’D) The Lord is gracious and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mercy. Bless us and these thy gifts which we receive from thy bountiful goodness, through Jesus Christ, our Lord, Amen. Miss Martha looks up.
89) 10) dialog: Where are the mushrooms?
89) 13) dialog: Miss Amelia picked these mushrooms today. Who would like some? Corporal?
91) 2) dialog: Keep your stitches in a straight line like I showed you. We SEE the girls kneeling around their project on the fro porch as Miss Martha looms over them. Edwina, completely broken, is in a numb daze at her side. Martha gives her a nod.