2) 0) text: DIXON swings his car around to the front of the billboard. It reads “AND STILL NO ARRESTS?” The black guy, JEROME, is emptying out JEROME turns JEROME reads JEROME spits stares back; his buckets.
2) 2) dialog: What the fuck is what?
2) 4) dialog: Advertising, I guess.
2) 6) dialog: Something obscure?
2) 8) dialog: Don’t I know your face from some place?
2) 10) dialog: Yeah. Yeah, I do. on the ground, looks at him with disdain. DIXON a vicious edge between them.
2) 12) dialog: For what?
2) 14) dialog: Well, before you do that, Officer Dixon, why don’t you go have yourself a look at that first billboard over there, and then we can have ourself a talk about the motherfucking environment. How about that?
19) 0) text: MILDRED, still stunned, wipes the remaining spots of bloo from her face, as TOWNS-PEOPLE (including the bandaged GEOFFREY and a LADY WITH A FUNNY EYE) come up to her angr and, oddly, JEROME drives a remote-controlled jeep along sidewalk towards them.
19) 5) dialog: Yeah, leave her alone. Those billboards are cool! JEROME picks up his jeep and heads off, and MILDRED is le to walk away alone, the TOWNSPEOPLE watching, GEOFFREY rubbing his ankle. From his second storey window, RED WELBY has been watchin the distant scene. He looks across at the police station, sees that DIXON has been watching HIM from his ground flo window. DIXON slowly closes his blinds.
63) 14) dialog: Oh you don’t know me really.
63) 16) dialog: I come about the billboards.
63) 18) dialog: They got burned up.
63) 20) dialog: I’m one of the guys who put the ‘em up in the first place. MILDRED opens door, safety latch on, vaguely recognises JEROME. JEROME (CONT’D) Jerome. They shake fingers thru the door.
63) 22) dialog: Well, y'know, when you're putting up a buncha posters like that, just in case any of ‘em gets screwed up or torn, they give ya a set of duplicates, y'know? JEROME shows her what he’s brought up. Thru the crack in door she sees two big card rolls full of posters.
64) 11) dialog: You sure you still wanna put up the Willoughby one, him dead an’ all?
66) 0) text: DIXON slouched low in a booth, morose, bandages gone, but burns still visible. In a distant corner, JEROME and DENI chat quietly. A truck pulls up outside. The CROP-HAIRED GUY and a male enter, order a couple of beers from TONY and sit in the b behind DIXON, not noticing him.
69) 9) dialog: Hey! That’s enough now! GUY approaches, menacingly...
69) 11) dialog: The guy’s a cop man! He’s a cop!