10) 0) text: DIXON sits beside his MOMMA on the couch and is just to b into a sandwich...
22) 0) text: DIXON beside his MOMMA on couch. He’s got his tortoise on lap, she pours a margarita from a ready-made plastic pack They're watching on TV the start of ‘Don’t Look Now’.
22) 2) dialog: I like him. I like his hair.
22) 4) dialog: This is the one where his little girl dies.
22) 6) dialog: It's got a great sex scene. DIXON gives her an uncomfortable glance. MOMMA (CONT’D) Talking of dead kids, what's happening with the Billboard lady?
22) 8) dialog: Oh. Why don’t you just fuck her over thru her friends then?
22) 10) dialog: Y'know, why don’t you fuck her friends over? Make her come around that way. Has she got some friends you could fuck over? 43 50 36. DIXON thinks about it, nods.
41) 2) dialog: Well, do you want me to go down and talk to them?
41) 4) dialog: And say to give you your job back. And to get rid of the black guy.
41) 6) dialog: Well it shouldn’t've! (pause) Will they give you any money for being laid off an’ all?
41) 8) dialog: A couple grand, maybe? You've been there three years. Not counting the five years at the Academy. Six if you count the year you were held back. DIXON pulls on his jacket.
41) 9) dialog: Where ya going?
41) 11) dialog: Off to see your fancy woman?
41) 13) dialog: Yeah. I know! He gives her a dirty look.
41) 15) dialog: Or you'll do what?
45) 4) dialog: I see on the TV there was a buncha fires lit outside o’ town last night.
45) 6) dialog: Out at those billboards.
71) 0) text: DIXON staggers in, blood-soaked, past his horrified MOMMA
71) 1) dialog: Jason!
71) 3) dialog: (crying) Jason! What have they done to you? INT. DIXON’S HOUSE, BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 118A DIXON gets to the bathroom, slams door behind him, still clutching his right hand to his chest. He looks at himsel the cabinet mirror a second, repulsed by what he sees. He opens the cabinet mirror left-handed, rifles thru shel finds an unopened tweezer set, then finds a small clean g vial, a blank label on it. He sits on the bath and very slowly uses the tweezers to scrape out all the CROP-HAIRED GUY’S BLOOD AND SKIN trapp underneath the fingernails of his right hand, and careful places each amount inside the vial. Once all five fingernails are done he caps the vial and, in shaky hand, writes on its label ‘H5T371, IDAHO’. Finished, he clutches it to his chest and sinks to the fl shaking violently, MOMMA calling out, banging on the door
71) 4) dialog: Jason?! Jason?!
72) 0) text: MOMMA asleep, open-mouthed, on couch, TV on. DIXON watche her a while, then dials a number on the phone, which he t carries into his MOM’s bedroom, sitting on her bed. We no see that he has a shotgun in his hand.