1) 0) text: OFFICER DIXON, 35, drives up the billboard road and approaches, FROM BEHIND, the THIRD billboard. Two LATINO WORKMEN work on it, buckets and squeegees. As he passes h looks up at the posters on it, double-takes, SCREECHES to halt. The billboard reads, in large, stark letters “HOW COME, C WILLOUGHBY?”.
3) 0) text: CHIEF OF POLICE BILL WILLOUGHBY, 50, having dinner with h young wife, ANNE, mid-30’s, and his two daughters, POLLY, and JANE, 7. The telephone rings.
3) 2) dialog: Dixon, you goddam asshole, I’m in the middle of my goddam Easter dinner...
7) 13) dialog: How long has this person, or persons, rented these billboards out for?
7) 15) dialog: And how long she actually paid for?
7) 17) dialog: So it’s a she, huh?
7) 19) dialog: Mildred Hayes, perhaps?
7) 21) dialog: Do you really wanna fuck with the Ebbing Police Department, Red? Do ya?
7) 22) text: I guess. INT. POLICE STATION, WILLOUGHBY’S OFFICE - DAY WILLOUGHBY, DESK SERGEANT and DIXON.
7) 30) dialog: (smiling) He got ya, Cedric!
7) 32) dialog: Where you going? Don’t fly off the handle! But Dixon has already stormed out.
7) 34) dialog: He's a good man. At heart.
7) 36) dialog: There was no... real evidence to support that.
11) 0) text: WILLOUGHBY and ANNE watching the end of the interview.
11) 6) text: He clicks it off, gets up, goes out of the house without word. EXT. WILLOUGHBY’S STABLE - NIGHT 16 WILLOUGHBY moodily tending the horses in the stable just outside the house. ANNE comes up.
11) 8) dialog: Looks like we got a war on our hands. EXT. MILDRED’S HOUSE - DAWN ay WILLOUGHBY pulls up outside MILDRED’s poor, clapboard hou From here we can see that the BILLBOARDS puncturing the d horizon are only A MILE AWAY. MILDRED sees WILLOUGHBY fro the kitchen window, as he knocks. She opens the door.
11) 9) dialog: Can we talk? EXT. MILDRED’S GARDEN - DAY 18 MILDRED sitting on a creaky swing-set, WILLOUGHBY with ha hand.
11) 10) dialog: I'd do anything to catch the guy who did it, Mrs Hayes. But when the DNA don’t match no-one who's ever been arrested, and when the DNA don’t match any other crime nationwide, and when there wasn’t a single eyewitness from the time she left your house to the time we found her, well, right now there ain’t too much more that we can do, except... 12.
11) 12) dialog: There's civil rights laws prevents that, Mrs Hayes, and what if he was just passing thru town...
11) 14) dialog: And what if he was just passing thru the country?
11) 16) dialog: Yeah, well, there’s definitely civil rights laws prevents that. He sits on the swing beside her, the billboards stretchin out down the hill in front of them. WILLOUGHBY (CONT’D) I’m doing everything I can to track him down, Mrs Hayes. I don’t think those billboards is very fair.
11) 18) dialog: There's something else, Mildred. (pause) I got cancer. I’m dying.
11) 20) dialog: Huh? 22
11) 22) dialog: You know it, and you still put those billboards up?
13) 0) text: i. 25 DOCTOR drawing WILLOUGHBY’s blood as he looks away from i squeamish, out the window at the pretty landscape.
13) 2) dialog: Oh, like I got cancer in a major organ. 26 27 18.
13) 4) dialog: If I have to hear that one more fucking time...! WILLOUGHBY wrenches the needle from his arm, and tosses t vial at a wall, where it smashes and splatters.
13) 5) dialog: I’m done with this shit. I can’t waste my life waiting.
14) 0) text: WILLOUGHBY breezes in, doing up his tie. DIXON’s hungover
14) 1) dialog: Get me the file on the Hayes case.
14) 3) dialog: There is no Mildred Hayes case.
14) 5) dialog: From who?
14) 7) dialog: Get me the file on the Angela Hayes case. “A lady with a funny fucking eye”, Jesus Christ.
15) 0) text: Backs of the billboards framed behind him, WILLOUGHBY has case file laid out on the hood of his car, weighted with rocks. Some gruesome photos of a burned corpse that we do see much of but DIXON does, wincing, nauseous.
15) 1) dialog: Late night? 30 19.
15) 3) dialog: Lay off that Welby guy.
15) 5) dialog: Or I’ll kick your Momma’s teeth in.
15) 7) dialog: What the fuck are you talking about?! Fucking midgets! I’m trying to fucking concentrate! DIXON shrugs. WILLOUGHBY, goes back to the file. DIXON ambles, bored. WILLOUGHBY crouches, runs his fingers thru burnt soil there, looking like he might cry.
16) 0) text: DENISE behind counter, MILDRED arranging knickknacks. Cop pulls up, lights flashing. WILLOUGHBY and DIXON enter. 21.
16) 1) dialog: Hey there, Mildred! You didn’t happen to pay a Visit to the dentist today, did ya? MILDRED's dialogue hereon is thru a totally unintelligibl Novocained mouth.
16) 3) dialog: Huh?
16) 5) dialog: Oh. So it wasn’t you who drilled a little hole in one of big fat Geoffrey’s big fat thumbnails, no?
16) 7) dialog: Huh?
16) 12) dialog: Well, I thought it was kinda funny myself, but he wants to press charges, so we're gonna have to bring you in, I’m afraid.
17) 5) dialog: Who's against what kinda thing?
17) 8) dialog: I think I’11 be able to take care of Mrs Hayes on my own from hereon, Jason.
17) 10) dialog: Don’t gimme that look. If you got rid of every cop with vaguely racist leanings then you'd have three cops left and all o’ them are gonna hate the fags so what are ya gonna do, y'know? MILDRED, then comes round and sits on her side looking down on her. WILLOUGHBY (CONT’D) I wanna know something, Mildred...
17) 12) dialog: I’m sorry, Mildred, I’1l go sit where I was if it makes you feel more comfortable.
17) 14) dialog: Why'd ya drill a hole thru poor fat Geoffrey's thumbnail?
17) 16) dialog: It ain’t really about winning or losing, though, is it, Mildred? I mean, do you think I care about who wins or loses between the two of yous? Do you think I care about dentists? I don’t care about dentists. Nobody cares about dentists! I do care about, or I’m interested in, tying you up in court so long that your hours at the gift shop are so shot to shit that you ain’t got a penny to pay for another months billboards. I’m interested in that.
17) 18) dialog: What I heard was you had to sell off your ex-husband’s tractor-trailer to even pay for this month’s billboards, that right? (pause) How is ole Charlie, by the way? He still shacked up with that pretty little intern works down at the zoo?
17) 20) dialog: How old is she? Nineteen? That must smart.
17) 22) dialog: What’s Charlie think about these here billboards of yours, an ex-cop like Charlie?
17) 24) dialog: His word against yours, though, right? (pause) Charlie don’t know about them, does he?
17) 26) dialog: He's kinda paying for ‘em though, ain't he?
17) 28) dialog: This month you are. How about when... WILLOUGHBY suddenly let’s out a short sharp cough which spurts a spray of blood that hits MILDRED in the face, wh by accident. Horrified, shaking, WILLOUGHBY tries to wipe face with a handkerchief, MILDRED almost in tears at his embarrassment. WILLOUGHBY (CONT’D) I didn’t mean to... 33 34 35 25.
17) 30) dialog: It was an accident...
17) 32) dialog: It's blood.
18) 0) text: WILLOUGHBY is gurneyed into an ambulance past TOWNS-PEOPL DIXON beside him.
18) 1) dialog: Just let her go. DIXON rolls his eyes. WILLOUGHBY (CONT’D) Just let her go! DIXON nods as the ambulance doors close. 34
21) 0) text: WILLOUGHBY in a bed, ANNE nearby, DOCTOR checking him. 30.
21) 2) dialog: Yeah, I kinda guessed that, Doc.
21) 5) dialog: Well you know I ain’t staying...
25) 0) text: ANNE is looking confused, glass of wine in hand. The kids the middle of a blanket on the grass, holding a child’s magnetic fishing rod each. WILLOUGHBY tosses teddy bears dolls two meters away from the circumference of the blank
25) 1) dialog: Now, the rules here are twofold; no kid can leave this goddam blanket at any goddam time, and every single one of these dolls and these teddy bears has gotta be hooked up. Now, your momma and I, although it won't look like it, we'll be watching every goddam move you make and the most important thing while we're watching you is you do not leave this blanket. The next most important thing is you do not at any stage allow the fishing rods to stick into you or your sister's eyeballs, as this would be counter-productive to the entire operation. What would this be?
25) 3) dialog: Good. Then troops... start fishing. They do so, as WILLOUGHBY grabs a blanket, a bottle of wi takes ANNE by the hand and leads her uphill to the treeli
25) 5) dialog: We are. She looks back at the kids, safe within the confines of t blanket, and let's herself be led.
27) 0) text: WILLOUGHBY tucks the kids in as they giggle.
27) 2) dialog: No, no, she’s just got a little migraine, that’s all. A little Chardonnay migraine, now no more chit chat out of you two, ok?
27) 4) dialog: We'll see what your mommy says in the morning, darling...
27) 6) dialog: But I’m pretty sure she'll say yes though...
27) 8) dialog: Now eyes closed and get some sleep, okay? He kisses them goodnight, switches the light off. 43.
28) 0) text: ANNE is lying on the couch, a small wet towel over her ey WILLOUGHBY sits in beside her and kisses her.
28) 1) dialog: You don’t smell of puke. Which is good.
28) 3) dialog: Women, huh?
28) 5) dialog: It’s still your turn to clean the horseshit outta the stable, y’know?
28) 7) dialog: Ill do it, you lazy bitch.
28) 9) dialog: Is that from a play, “You got a real nice cock, Mr Willoughby?” I think I heard it in a Shakespeare one time.
28) 11) dialog: “Oscar Wilde.” He smiles again, then picks up a black hood, on the outsi of which he has pinned a note that reads “Don’t open the Just telephone the boys”. 55
31) 0) text: The beautiful lakeside in the moonlight, and the one tedd bear laying there that they missed, its grumpy little fac EXT. WILLOUGHBY’S STABLE - NIGHT 561 Flashing lights the COPS and AMBULANCE PEOPLE at the stab 56d 45. Blood seeping along the “Just telephone the boys” part of note (so only the words ‘The Just’ aren’t blood-covered). DESK SERGEANT winces as he opens the hood. INT. WILLOUGHBY HOUSE - NIGHT 56a WILLOUGHBY quietly finishing the note at the kitchen tabl ANNE’s drunken feet, in fun socks, visible on the distant couch. He puts it in an envelope marked ‘ANNE’, gets up, quietly leaves the house;
31) 1) dialog: My darling Anne. There’s a longer letter in the dresser drawer I’ve been writing for the last week or so. That one covers us, and my memories of us, and how much I’ve always loved you. This one just covers tonight, and, more importantly, today. Tonight I have gone out to the horses to end it. I cannot say sorry for the act itself, although I know that for a short time you will be angry at me or even hate me for it. Please don’t. This is not a case of “I came in this world alone, and I’m going out of it alone” or anything dumb like that. I did not come in this world alone, my mom was there, and I am not. going out of it alone, cos you are there, drunk on the couch, making Oscar Wilde’ cock jokes. No. This is a case, in some senses, of bravery. Not the bravery of facing a bullet down; the next few months of pain would be far harder than that small flash. No, it’s the bravery of weighing up the next few months of still being with you, still waking up with you, of playing with the kids, against the next few months of seeing in your eyes how much my pain is killing you; how my weakened body as it ebbs away and you tend to it are your final and lasting memories of me. I won't have that. Your final memories of me will be us at the riverside, and that dumb fishing game (which I think they cheated at), and me inside of you, and you on top of me, and barely a fleeting thought of the darkness yet to come. That was the best, Anne. A whole day of not thinking about it. Dwell on this day, baby, cos it was the best day of my life. Kiss the girls for me, and know that I’ve always loved you, and maybe I'll see you again if there's another place. (MORE)
31) 4) dialog: And if there ain’t, well, it’s been Heaven knowing you. Your boy, Bill.
40) 33) dialog: Dear Mildred, Dead Man Willoughby here. Firstly I wanted to apologise for dying without catching your daughter's killer. It’s a source of great pain to me, and it would break my heart to think you thought I didn’t care, cos I did care. There are just some cases... 69 70 55.
41) 1) dialog: ..-where you never catch a break, then five years down the line some guy hears some other guy bragging about it in a bar-room or a jail-cell and the whole thing is wrapped up thru sheer stupidity. I hope that might be true for Angela, I really do. Second, I gotta admit, Mildred, the billboards were a great fucking idea. They were like a chess move. And although they had absolutely nothing to do with my dying, I’m sure that everyone in town will assume that they did, which is why, for Willoughby’s counter-move, I decided to pay the next month’s rent on ‘em. I thought it’d be funny, you having to defend ‘em a whole nuther month after they’ve stuck me in the ground. The joke is on you, Mildred, ha ha, and I hope they do not kill you. So good luck with all that, and good luck with everything else too. I hope and I pray that you get him. EXT. DIXON’S HOUSE - DUSK 70 DIXON and MOMMA sitting on their porch at sunset, with be
50) 1) dialog: Jason, Willoughby here. I’m dead now, sorry about that, but there’s something I wanted to say to you that I never really said when I was alive. I think you've got the makings of being a really good cop, Jason, and you know why? Because, deep down, you're a decent man. I know you don’t think I think that, but I do, Dipshit. You play hopscotch when you think no-one’s looking, for Christ's sakes...
51) 1) dialog: I do think you're too angry, though, .. INT. WELBY’S OFFICE - NIGHT 87 MILDRED at WELBY’s desk in his swivel chair, phone-book o to ‘Ebbing Police Precinct House’, telephone to her ear, backpack on table, broken window looking out on the dark police station across the street.
51) 2) dialog: ++.And I know it’s all since your dad died and you had to go look after your Mom and all... 88 89 90 91 63.
52) 1) dialog: ++sBut as long as you hold onto so much hate then I don’t think you're ever going to become... INT. WELBY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 89 MILDRED gets up and exits frame with her backpack, leavin just the table, window and the police station in shot. SO ONLY of four clinking bottles taken out of backpack. MILD moves back into shot, looks at the phone again.
52) 2) dialog: ++.What I know you wanna become...
53) 1) dialog: ++.A Detective. INT. WELBY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 91 MILDRED looks at the phone she’s just put down, thinking, rolling a cigarette lighter around in her hand, thumbing flint but not lighting it, until...
53) 3) dialog: Cos you know what you need to become a detective? And I know you’re gonna wince when I say this... 92 93 94 95 96 97 64.
54) 1) dialog: ...But what you need to become a detective... is Love. DIXON winces.
54) 2) dialog: Because thru Love comes Calm, and thru Calm comes Thought. And you need Thought to detect stuff sometimes, Jason. It’s kinda all you need. INT. WELBY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 93 MILDRED tosses the second Molotov out...
54) 3) dialog: You don’t even need a gun. And you definitely don’t need Hate.
55) 1) dialog: Hate never solved nothing...
56) 2) dialog: But Calm did. And Thought did. Try it. Try it just for a change. No-one’ll think you're gay.
57) 1) dialog: And if they do, arrest ‘em for homophobia! Won't they be surprised!
58) 1) dialog: Good luck to you, Jason. You're a decent man, and yeah you've had a run of bad luck... INT. WELBY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 99 IN SLOWMO, MILDRED tosses out the final Molotov...
58) 2) dialog: +..But things are gonna change for you...
59) 1) dialog: I can feel it. +++and IN NORMAL SPEED, SMASHES IN THRU DIXON'S WINDOW...