47) 1) text: revealing the exotic alien dancer named CASSANDRA.  She moves with a feline blend of strength and grace.  Framing her face is a silvery nylon wig that she tosses like a mane as she undulates to the MUSIC. Sykes watches with fascination.  The MUSIC ends and Cassandra steps down from the stage, to be replaced by a human DANCER as the next SONG cranks up.  Sykes and Jetso quickly intercept her as she heads backstage.
47) 3) dialog: That's right.
47) 5) dialog: (laughing)
48) 1) dialog: He's not here.  Why ask me?
48) 3) dialog: She did, did she?  Well, she was wrong.  Excuse me, I have to change.
49) 0) text: Cassandra grabs some clothes and goes into a stall.
49) 2) dialog: (slipping out of her dance costume)
49) 6) dialog: You've got me all wrong.  I don't charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable... Finally Jetson gets what Sykes is trying to tell him.  He says in the uncertain, stagy voice of a bad liar:
49) 8) dialog: Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes.
49) 11) dialog: (tensing slightly)
49) 13) dialog: (continuing)
49) 16) dialog: A virgin.  I find that very arousing...
52) 0) text: Cassandra is practically melting herself into Sykes now. She takes his hand and guides his fingertips over her facial ridges.  She shudders with pleasure.  Sykes begins to perspire.
52) 2) dialog: I think you're just a little scared now, about what you might find once the lights go out.  A little scared... and a lot curious.  Maybe more than you want to admit.  But doesn't that turn you on, that curiosity and fear, swirling together? (coos)
52) 5) dialog: (pressing herself into him)
54) 0) text: Cassandra's expression instantly turns to worry and she quickly crosses to a phone and punches the intercom button.
55) 3) dialog: (over the intercom, breathless)
60) 0) text: Watson runs down the corridor, ducking onto a fire escape Meanwhile Sykes wrestles with Cassandra.  She's as strong as he is, but he has the edge in experience. Jetson, disheveled, appears in the private office doorway ready to chase Watson, but not knowing which way he went.
60) 2) text: Fire escape!  End of the hall! Jetson nods, takes off down the corridor.  Sykes manges t get one handcuff on Cassandra's wrist, the other cuff around a pipe sticking out of the wall.  She SCREECHES at him in the alien language as he collects the Casull and charges down the corridor.
92) 0) text: Harcourt and the others move up the stairs to the second floor.  Cassandra, wearing a slinky dress, is at the top of the stairs waiting for them.  She's very uncomfortable dealing with Harcourt.  Kipling and Quint continue on toward the office door.  Harcourt pauses with Cassandra. He touches her neckline of her dress, letting his fingers linger against her flesh.
92) 3) dialog: (flinching involuntarily at his touch)
92) 4) text: Cassandra.
92) 6) text: I will have to remember that... He continues down toward the office door.  Cassandra watches him go.
100) 0) text: Cassandra walks a trio of well-dressed DRUG DEALERS (two alien, one human) through the deserted club.
101) 0) text: She leads them to the office door, opens it, then lets them enter ahead of her.  A couple of them smile at her lasciviously as they brush past.  She is about to enter herself when an alien hand flashes in behind her, coverin her mouth, pulling her backward away from the door. It is Jetson.  He had been hiding behind some crates stacked here in the corridor.  He pins Cassandra powerfully to the wall, keeping one hand over her mouth. She struggles until she sees who it is.
101) 2) dialog: In there.
102) 21) text: Except you. Harcourt remains behind the desk.  Cassandra stays where she is, near Jetson.  The others move to the wall. Kipling in particular is going nuts, letting this happen. Jetson takes the "sample" dispenser from the table, tosse it into the suitcase, then closes the lid and locks it. All the while keeping his eye on Harcourt and the others.
102) 25) dialog: You... you killed Strader? Cassandra runs to Harcourt grabbing his jacket.
102) 26) dialog: Where's Todd?!  Did you do something to Todd?! Harcourt looks down at her, totally uninvolved.
102) 28) text: Ah, poor Mr. Watson. Cassandra's eyes go wide as the horror of what he said sinks in.  Jetson nudges Harcourt with the suitcase.  The start out.  Cassandra, wild with rage, grabs Quint's .357 and with a KEENING WAIL, brings it up toward Harcourt's face.
102) 35) text: Do it! Quint brings the gun up, places the muzzle against the base of Cassandra's skull, starts to squeeze the trigger. There's a loud BLAM!  and Cassandra flinches... then look up. Quint is blown backward away from her. Sykes stand in the doorway from the private office, the Casull smoking in his hand. Quint hits the wall behind him -- only it's not a solid wall, but the huge window overlooking the club.  He crashes through it.
102) 40) dialog: (dazed, but all right)