2) 0) text: The Hollowpoint Lounge -- a cop bar. The off-duty uniformed and plainclothes cops are mostly ignoring the TV, except for two detectives, FEDORCHUK and ALTEREZ, who are waiting for the ball scores.
17) 0) text: OPEN on Tuggle's body, as the body bag is zipped up over his face, and the litter is lifted into the back of the Coroner's wagon. WIDEN to reveal Sykes, standing nearby, watching.  The Wagon pulls out, and Sykes turns, moving past all the LAP black-and-whites and forensics wagons, and COPS (two of them aliens) and DETECTIVES, and RUBBERNECKERS (some alien).  He moves into:
21) 11) text: Volunteers for duty with the new detective should see me in my office... otherwise I will choose a volunteer myself.  That is all. He turns and heads back to his office in the wake of continued grumbling from the detectives.  Sykes, standing to one side, absently watches Warner return to his glass- walled office.  Waiting inside are a balding man and an alien in a grey suit.  Sykes reacts.  The alien in the suit is Jetson. The grumbling continues around him as Sykes considers something.
21) 14) dialog: I don't know about the rest of you, but I sure as hell ain't gonna sit still for this.  I'm calling the union, pronto. Others grumble.  "Yeah!".  Meanwhile, Sykes has decided something.  He heads toward Warner's office.  Fedorchuk sees this.
37) 5) text: Sergeant... Detective.  I wasn't aware there were any Newcomers at the rank of Detective yet.
37) 24) text: Congratulations again on your promotion, Detective.  Remember... you're out there setting an example in our community.  I'll be keeping an eye on you. Harcourt is smiling as he says this last, but his eyes ar penetrating... telegraphing a subliminal warning. Harcourt and entourage move off... leaving Sykes steaming
130) 4) text: ... Still, I gotta tell you, George, for a quiet guy, you're sure hell on wheels once you get going.  I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective. Jetson smiles.  He glances up as they are bathed in red and blue light.  A patrol car has pulled up next to them. Inside is Wiltey, a uniformed cop.