2) 0) text: The Hollowpoint Lounge -- a cop bar. The off-duty uniformed and plainclothes cops are mostly ignoring the TV, except for two detectives, FEDORCHUK and ALTEREZ, who are waiting for the ball scores.
2) 1) dialog: I remember where I was -- pissing off my balcony at the neighbor's dog! Others laugh.
2) 7) text: revealing a MASSIVE ALIEN FIGURE in a filthy white busboy's uniform.  His back is to us as he picks up two trays from the counter.  The bartender is dwarfed by this Newcomer, but works around him without apparent concern. Fedorchuk addresses the alien busboy.
2) 8) dialog: Hey, Henry, how you doin' tonight? Workin' hard? The Newcomer turns -- his face is humanoid, but disturbingly alien.
2) 9) dialog: You got your green card, buddy?  You didn't leave home without it? The cops at the bar crack up.  Henry looks at Fedorchuk - his eyes carrying no malice... or pain.  He merely blinks
21) 0) text: Sykes enters, stirring a jumbo coffee.  He's slept about four hours, and his face looks like he went a few with Hagler.  He crosses straight to Fedorchuk's desk.
21) 2) dialog: Jesus, Sykes -- it's been less than ten hours.  Me and Alterez are on it, okay?
21) 4) dialog: You ever try to make a case in Slagtown?  The list of Newcomer informants is about as long as the list of Mexican war heroes...
21) 6) dialog: ... Nobody talks to nobody down there.  Half of them don't speak English and the other half only when it suits them.  It's gonna take some time.
21) 12) dialog: Unbelievable bullshit.
21) 15) dialog: Where the hell is he going?
22) 7) text: You are to have nothing to do with the investigation into Bill Tuggle's death.  You know that.  Leave that for Fedorchuk.
40) 9) text: But he didn't figure on you, George. You're going to get me through that wall of silence.  You're going to make them talk to me.  You're going to help me find that Slag son-of-a- bitch.  Comprendo?  And if Fedorchuk and the boys in the bullpen don't like it, screw them... and if the Captain doesn't like it, screw him... and if all the Slags down in Slagtown don't like it... well screw them too! Sykes raises the Casull, fires.  KA-BOOM!!!  The shell rockets clean through the bullet-proof vest on the target form.  The recoil slams Sykes back, jerks his arm up.  KA BOOM!!!  again, and another hole is drilled through the vest.  Other shooters look over.  Sykes sets the gun down... sees his hand is bleeding.  Jetson absorbs all this, as we--
80) 2) dialog: Found his wallet in his jacket pocket.  Joshua Strader, big as life.
80) 4) text: -- here, and here. Sykes absorbs this.  He rises along with Fedorchuk and Alterez.
80) 8) dialog: Look at your dildo partner.  He's too scared to even come down to the sand. (calls up to Jetson, even though he's too far away to hear)
81) 0) text: Sykes has stopped to pick Jetson up. He's wiping the "E.T. P.D."  from the door as Jetson approaches from the edge of the bluff.  Fedorchuk pulls u alongside in his n.d. sedan.  He calls off to Jetson, who is still twenty yards away.
81) 1) dialog: Well, if it isn't Detective Jetson. Forget you hip waders, big guy?
81) 3) dialog: I may be an asshole, but at least I'm a real detective, not some outer shit space thing. Sykes, his face neutral, which we should by now know to b highly dangerous, saunters to Fedorchuk's car and leans against it.
81) 6) text: Then detect these! Fedorchuk, holding his bloody nose, watches as his car keys sail out in an arc out over the bluff.  Jetson, just climbing into the slug-mobile, witnesses the last of this scene without knowing how it began.