8) 0) text: Kipling and Raincoat alien react to the horn honk.  They spot Tuggle through the store window and open fire -- BLASTING THROUGH THE GLASS. A civilian car enters the intersection.  The engine is hi by shotgun fire, and the car skids to a stop in the intersection, steam rising from the radiator.
12) 0) text: Sykes moves through like a locomotive skidding on broken glass, bangs through the exit.
44) 1) dialog: (serving them)
44) 2) text: Six forty-two. They both put money on the counter.  The kid goes to put the order together.  Sykes looks at the alien characters on the menu.
44) 6) text: We learn quickly.  We adapt.  It is our strength... what we were bred for, to adapt to hostile environments. The Serving Kid puts their bags on the counter.
95) 0) text: The slug-mobile skids to a stop at the loading dock entrance.  Sykes and Jetson climb out.  They hop up onto the loading platform and move purposefully into the well- lit interior through the open door.
110) 0) text: Sykes locks up the brakes.  Kipling veers around a couple of cars and speeds away. Because of the other traffic, Sykes has only one course o action.  He skids a left onto a side street.
115) 0) text: The police unit hangs a u-turn into the Second Street tunnel.  It clips one of the civilian cars, causing a pile-up of traffic behind the police unit. The slug-mobile skids to a stop, blocked by the clog of traffic in the tunnel.  Sykes is out of the drivers door in a flash, stand on the door frame, and yells--
122) 0) text: They reach the far end of the bridge and skid wide onto--
125) 0) text: The police unit skids to a stop before hitting a chain link fence where the road ends.  An abandoned drawbridge and the ocean are on the other side of the fence. With nowhere else to go, Harcourt yells something at Kipling and Kipling floors it back the way they came.
126) 0) text: The two cars are racing for a full head-on.  At the last instant, Sykes wrenches the wheel, throws the slug-mobile sideways, passenger side first.  The police unit smashes into the rear door and fender of the slug-mobile, both cars skidding madly to a stop.  A fire ignites under the hood of the police unit.
146) 0) text: The first two arriving black-and-whites skid to stops at the coroner's wagon.  The Officers leap out, flagging other arriving units to continue on toward the warehouses
171) 0) text: The helicopter moves down toward the turbulent water. Jetson hangs in the doorway, watching Sykes' head dunking under again.  The helicopter's skids are three feet above the water.