7) 0) text: The two cops, guns in hand, move along the row of parked cars across the street from the mini-mart.  Through the store window they see the old alien PROPRIETOR behind the counter.  His eyes go wide as Kipling whips back his coat and yanks out a short combat pump-shotgun and aims it right at him.  The Raincoat alien pulls an identical gun and covers the door. Sykes and Tuggle react to the firepower inside.
8) 0) text: Kipling and Raincoat alien react to the horn honk.  They spot Tuggle through the store window and open fire -- BLASTING THROUGH THE GLASS. A civilian car enters the intersection.  The engine is hi by shotgun fire, and the car skids to a stop in the intersection, steam rising from the radiator.
9) 0) text: Tuggle dives behind a lamp post. The Driver is out of the car now, brings up the machine pistol to fire at Tuggle.  Sykes sees this and opens fire at the Driver.  The Driver turns and fires at Sykes. Sykes ducks down, and the car he's hiding behind is sprayed with bullets. A forty-foot moving van pulls down the street between Sykes and the Driver.  Once the truck is past, Sykes is standing behind the bullet-riddled car, gun ready.  He rapid-fires -- creaming the human Driver. Tuggle is pinned down behind the thin lamp post by the shotgun fire from Kipling and Raincoat alien.
10) 0) text: Kipling grabs Raincoat and throws him toward the back exi of the store.  The shotgun falls from Raincoat's hands. The two of them run out the back.
16) 0) text: The murkiness of the tunnel engulfs him as he moves through the mouth.  He tries to control his breathing so he can hear.  The only SOUND is his own shoes scuffing along the asphalt. Then he HEARS -- another set of FOOTSTEPS.  Rapid footsteps, coming toward him, ECHOING.  He can't tell fro which direction!  He spins, just as a LARGE SHAPE lunges for him with an alien CRY. It's the wired Raincoat alien.  Sykes gets his gun up jus in time and FIRES -- once, twice, three times.  Raincoat alien is knocked backwards to the wet asphalt by the blasts.  Sykes approaches the body slowly.  With an inhuman ROAR, the alien snaps forward, lunging at Sykes with outstretched arms.  Sykes jumps back, startled, and FIRES twice more at the pale figure.  Raincoat goes down and stays down. Sykes relaxes for the briefest moment.  Then he HEARS it... a distinctive CLICKING SOUND, metal on metal.  Syke looks up and -- Kipling drops down on him from directly above!  Sykes goes down in a heap.  He's managed to hold onto the gun and as Kipling comes for him, he swings the gun hand around.  Kipling sees it, lashes out, slamming the gun from Sykes' hand.  Sykes tries to get to his feet but the alien grabs him and flings him down the tunnel. A SIREN is HEARD approaching in background. Kipling moves in to deliver the coup de grace.  As he draws near, Sykes HEARS that distinctive CLICKING SOUND again. SYKES' P.O.V. Though his vision is BLURRED, Sykes still gets a good loo at an exotic silver bracelet on the alien's wrist.  The strands of this bracelet are what make the CLINKING NOISE
16) 1) text: The alien rears back, and as he does, the approaching SIREN suddenly WAILS louder as a backup patrol car swings onto the street heading this way.  Kipling sees this and leaves Sykes, running off down the dark tunnel.
34) 0) text: CLOSE on an alien hand as it removes one of the drug dispensers from a tuxedo pocket.  As the hand brings the dispenser toward the face, we immediately recognize the exotic silver bracelet worn by Kipling the night before. It makes that distinctive CLINKING NOISE.  We PAN with th hand to reveal Kipling's face... sans bandana and sunglasses now.  He wears a black tuxedo.  He lets a smal dab of the blue gel curl from the dispenser onto his tongue.  He swallows... and reacts as the rush from the drug hits him. The door to the men's room bangs open and a MIDDLE AGED POLITICO enters, obviously drunk. Kipling quickly pockets the dispenser, moves past the Politico to the exit...
36) 0) text: The men are in tuxedos, the women in evening gowns.  Only two of three Newcomers faces present.  Kipling threads hi way among the tables as the MAYOR, at the speaker's platform, addresses the assembly.
36) 3) text: As Mayor of this city, it gives me great pleasure to introduce someone who has so readily made our city his home... and all of us who live here, his friends.  Ladies and gentlemen, William Harcourt. The VIPs applaud as the spotlight sweeps over to a front table.  At first it hits Kipling, then it adjusts to capture WILLIAM HARCOURT, seated to Kipling's right. Harcourt is an exemplar of the successful Newcomer entrepreneur... handsome, charming, with cool blue eyes that glint with his piercing intellect.  He rises, smilin warmly, steps past his striking ALIEN DATE seated to his right, to make his way to the podium.  He shields his eye somewhat from the bright spotlight. Once behind the podium, he slips his notes from a breast pocket as the applause ebbs.
37) 0) text: Sykes, followed by a reluctant Jetson, bears down on Harcourt, who is exiting the hotel with his Date, and Kipling.  We see Kipling recognize Sykes from their fight two nights before... but because Kipling looks so different, Sykes doesn't recognize him outright.  Still, during this, Sykes senses something, though he's not sure what.
37) 9) text: Rudyard Kipling?  No shit? (to Harcourt)
38) 1) dialog: That cop, the human, he was the one who killed Anderson and the driver.
38) 3) dialog: He didn't recognize me.
67) 0) text: Watson is alone, surveying the damage to his Alfa, when h hears footsteps.  He turns with a "What now?" expression and -- a shotgun butt is slammed into his forehead.  He goes down.  Kipling stands over him, flanked by FOUR HUMA THUGS.  One of these is QUINT, senior human in Harcourt's employ.
67) 7) dialog: He is ss'verdlatya ss'alo to Strader.
67) 9) dialog: Duty-bonded.  His allegiance to Strader is above pain or life.
67) 11) dialog: It is something you couldn't comprehend, Quint. Harcourt approaches Watson, kneels beside him, careful to keep the knee of his designer pants out of the sand.
67) 24) text: Harcourt and Kipling have walked down almost to the waterline.  We HEAR Watson's GURGLES and SCREAMS... then nothing.  Kipling is very nervous this close to the water Harcourt seems unperturbed.
67) 25) dialog: When we picked him up, he was talking to those two cops -- the two who came to question you about Hubley.
90) 0) text: CLOSE on a limousine door as it opens and a tall figure rises from the back seat.  We TILT UP to reveal William Harcourt. We MOVE with him as he walks to the n.d. van (from the beach scene) parked in front of the limousine.  Kipling i just sliding out of the passenger side of the cab.  Quint exits the driver door.  Kipling slides open the van's sid panel, reaches in for-- -- a large black suitcase.  He slides it out.  Harcourt nods.  He and Kipling start into the club, followed by Quint.
92) 0) text: Harcourt and the others move up the stairs to the second floor.  Cassandra, wearing a slinky dress, is at the top of the stairs waiting for them.  She's very uncomfortable dealing with Harcourt.  Kipling and Quint continue on toward the office door.  Harcourt pauses with Cassandra. He touches her neckline of her dress, letting his fingers linger against her flesh.
102) 0) text: The large suitcase rests on the expansive conference table.  A manicured alien hand reaches in and slowly open it.  Inside are fifty one-kilo glass tubes full of the viscous blue drug.  Also several of the small, individual dispensers.  It is Harcourt, standing behind the table in a pool of light, who has opened the suitcase.  He is flanked by Kipling... with Quint elsewhere in the room. The room is lit by track light, creating pools of light and dark. The two alien Dealers' eyes widen at the sight of the drug.  The human dealer doesn't know what it is.
102) 21) text: Except you. Harcourt remains behind the desk.  Cassandra stays where she is, near Jetson.  The others move to the wall. Kipling in particular is going nuts, letting this happen. Jetson takes the "sample" dispenser from the table, tosse it into the suitcase, then closes the lid and locks it. All the while keeping his eye on Harcourt and the others.
102) 31) dialog: I got it! Kipling tackles Jetson and they both go crashing to the floor.  Quint grabs the gun from Cassandra and hammers he with it, hard.  She drops to her knees and Quint viciousl hits her again. Meanwhile, Jetson struggles to regain his feet.  Kipling rears back and delivers a crushing blow under Jetson's ar -- to the nerve plexus.  Jetson instantly folds over forward and Kipling savagely brings up his knee into Jetson's face, flipping him back.  Kipling slams him into the wall face-first, pinning him there.
102) 33) dialog: Here?
103) 0) text: Harcourt and Kipling bang down the metal stairs.  Jetson is ten feet above them.  Sykes flies out onto the fire escape, a few steps behind Jetson.  A POLICE CAR SIREN is HEARD arriving O.S.
104) 0) text: Two UNIFORMED OFFICERS bound from their unit and run into the back entrance of the club, leaving the unit running. Two seconds later, Harcourt and Kipling leap down from th fire escape, find themselves near the unit.
105) 0) text: Harcourt and Kipling in the first police unit come thundering down the street zig-zagging through traffic. The slug-mobile is three-quarters of a block behind them.
107) 0) text: The traffic ahead of the police car peels off in response to the approaching lights and SIREN.  Kipling dodges around the stopped traffic easily. The same traffic that has pulled over for the police car now starts easing back onto the street, cutting off the slug-mobile.
109) 0) text: Sykes peels around the merging traffic, cuts across the intersection, and continues the chase.  On the wrong side of the road, head-on into traffic. Headlights peel off in front of them as they charge along the wrong side.  They eventually catch up to the police unit, racing parallel to it, but with the divider between them. Sykes keeps one hand on the wheel and draws the Casull with the other.  He brings it up and around right in fron of Jetson's nose, pointing it through the passenger windo at Kipling. At that moment, Kipling glances over and reacts to the bore of this huge gun staring him in the kisser. Jetson reacts to the gun in his face... then reacts to something else he sees beyond it.
110) 0) text: Sykes locks up the brakes.  Kipling veers around a couple of cars and speeds away. Because of the other traffic, Sykes has only one course o action.  He skids a left onto a side street.
116) 0) text: Kipling rockets up a freeway on-ramp.  Harcourt smiles with satisfaction -- there's no sign of the slug-mobile behind them.  Kipling eases off, blends into the flow of traffic.
123) 0) text: A clear two lane straightaway near the ocean.  Sykes pushes the slug-mobile to its limits, pulls alongside the police unit.  The two cars trade blows at 90+ MPH. Kipling manages to send Sykes onto the dirt shoulder, slowing him down.
124) 0) text: Kipling watches the slug-mobile in the rearview mirror, then looks back out the front to see the end of the road coming up fast!  Harcourt bellows to Kipling, who slams o the brakes.
125) 0) text: The police unit skids to a stop before hitting a chain link fence where the road ends.  An abandoned drawbridge and the ocean are on the other side of the fence. With nowhere else to go, Harcourt yells something at Kipling and Kipling floors it back the way they came.
128) 0) text: Sykes slides out of the driver's door, stumbles to Jetson's door, wrenches it open, and drags the huge unconscious alien away from the cars. He's still dragging Jetson away when he spots Harcourt pulling himself through the smashed police unit window. Bruised and bleeding, Harcourt reaches in for the suitcase, then starts to run with it. With Jetson a safe distance away from the cars, Sykes clambers to his feet, draws the Casull, and starts off after Harcourt. Harcourt reaches the chain link fence leading to the closed drawbridge.  He heaves the suitcase over, then starts to climb. Sykes lumbers past the burning police unit.  Kipling is still behind the wheel, his head slumped forward.  Sykes is just past the cars when they explode -- sending hoods and door panels and glass flying in all directions. Harcourt, on the other side of the fence, grabs the suitcase and limps off into the shadowy world of the abandoned drawbridge. Sykes reaches the fence.  Instead of climbing, he simply blows the lock to hell with the Casull, and kicks open th gate.
129) 7) text: He approaches the burning cars, heading for Jetson.  As h passes the burning cars, we have a half-second to registe that the driver's door of the police unit is now open before-- -- a dark figure hurtles at Sykes' back from O.S.!  Sykes is thrown forward.  The suitcase crashes to the ground, and the Casull goes skittering off.  Sykes looks up -- to be met by the singed and bleeding nightmare visage of Kipling!  Kipling reaches down for the suitcase then Syke hears it -- the telltale CLINKING SOUND.  He looks -- and sees the exotic silver bracelet on Kipling's wrist.  It connects for him; this is the bandana alien -- the one wh killed Bill Tuggle! Kipling brings the suitcase above his head.  He is a half second from hurling it down on Sykes' skull when -- a GUN ROARS.  Kipling is thrown back by the chest wound.  Sykes looks.
129) 8) text: Jetson, half sitting up, holds the smoking Casull. Kipling recovers enough to come at Sykes again with the suitcase again.  Jetson, shaking but determined, fires again, and again, and again. Kipling is driven backward by the fusillade, the suitcase still over his head... until he is blasted at last and forever, suitcase and all, into the molten core of the inferno. Sykes rises, makes his way to Jetson's side.  Jetson has let the weight of the gun carry his hand to the ground. Sykes kneels beside him, gently taking the gun from the alien's hand.  The two partners remain like this, bathed in the orange flickering glow of the fire.