36) 0) text: The men are in tuxedos, the women in evening gowns.  Only two of three Newcomers faces present.  Kipling threads hi way among the tables as the MAYOR, at the speaker's platform, addresses the assembly.
36) 1) dialog: ... Our guest speaker tonight has done so much in his community and for his community in such a short period of time.  And I must say, as the founder of the first Newcomer owned and operated corporation in Southern California, he certainly has come quite far in the last few years.  Granted, not as far as he came in the years before reaching Los Angeles. There is laughter from the VIPs.  Kipling slides into a seat at one of the front tables.  He leans over and whispers something into the ear of the person seated to his right.  We see this CLOSE UP, and don't see who he is whispering to yet.  Whoever it is, nods.
36) 2) dialog: (continuing)
36) 3) text: As Mayor of this city, it gives me great pleasure to introduce someone who has so readily made our city his home... and all of us who live here, his friends.  Ladies and gentlemen, William Harcourt. The VIPs applaud as the spotlight sweeps over to a front table.  At first it hits Kipling, then it adjusts to capture WILLIAM HARCOURT, seated to Kipling's right. Harcourt is an exemplar of the successful Newcomer entrepreneur... handsome, charming, with cool blue eyes that glint with his piercing intellect.  He rises, smilin warmly, steps past his striking ALIEN DATE seated to his right, to make his way to the podium.  He shields his eye somewhat from the bright spotlight. Once behind the podium, he slips his notes from a breast pocket as the applause ebbs.
37) 15) dialog: William... Harcourt turns as the Mayor and his WIFE step up.
37) 17) dialog: William, I was wondering if you wouldn't rather ride with Luisa and me.  Two limousines trying to make it across town in all this traffic, we're bound to be later than we already are.
37) 19) dialog: (shaking their hands, dismissively)
37) 21) text: We really should be going. The wind is knocked from Sykes' sails by the presence of the Mayor with a very impatient expression.  Harcourt smiles.