31) 0) text: Through the loud and smoky refinery we see Sykes walking with the newly promoted Methane Section manager, O'NEAL, in tie and shirtsleeves.  The workmen around them are bot human and Newcomer.
31) 1) dialog: (yelling over the roar)
31) 4) dialog: (looking at photo)
31) 7) dialog: To be honest, it's hard to say.  I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to me.
31) 10) dialog: (looking at photo again)
31) 14) dialog: Yes it is. (some alien workers come through the door)
31) 15) text: Thirty-five percent pure Methane gas in there.  I don't know how these fellas do it. Sykes watches two more alien workers pass back through th door.  O'Neal watches Sykes' expression for signs of suspicion.
31) 17) text: We see Sykes hand O'Neal a card, then move off.  O'Neal watches him briefly, then crosses to some steps and start up this way. We PAN with him as he enters a door here on the second level.
32) 0) text: O'Neal enters, moves to a telephone, begins to dial. Beyond is a glass wall overlooking the Methane Section.
96) 5) text: That's the guy... O'Neal recognizes Sykes and doesn't wait around for the big Newcomer bearing down on him.  He dodges quickly through the refrigeration door and swings it closed. Jetson's hand hits the door an instant later, before it i latched, and he pushes it open despite O'Neal's body weight against the other side.
97) 0) text: Jetson grabs O'Neal by the collar and drags him deeper into the deserted room.
97) 1) dialog: Hey, what are you, crazy?!  You can't come in here like this!  Hey! Sykes reaches the doorway, stops and stares.
97) 4) text: Is that it...? A beat, than Jetson explodes -- he sweeps a rack of equipment off the worktable, savagely wipes the drug from his hand onto O'Neal's shirt-front as he slams and pins the bug-eyed O'Neal to the wall.
97) 8) dialog: (choking)
97) 12) dialog: (unable to breathe)
97) 16) text: Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall. O'Neal is experiencing real fear now.  Sykes has decided to back Jetson up, for better or worse.  He takes the "good cop" role.
97) 18) dialog: (at length, with great effort)
97) 21) dialog: About fifty kilos... of concentrate... and some street grade... in tubes. Jetson reacts to this... then increases the pressure. O'Neal is really in bad trouble now.  Even Sykes takes a half-step forward -- thinking Jetson might actually crush this man.
97) 23) dialog: Encount... Encounters Club. Finally, Jetson eases off.  O'Neal slumps to the floor, gasping for air.