42) 5) text: Who wants to know? Sykes squints into the darkness, then--
67) 0) text: Watson is alone, surveying the damage to his Alfa, when h hears footsteps.  He turns with a "What now?" expression and -- a shotgun butt is slammed into his forehead.  He goes down.  Kipling stands over him, flanked by FOUR HUMA THUGS.  One of these is QUINT, senior human in Harcourt's employ.
67) 1) dialog: (to other Thugs)
67) 6) dialog: My arm's gettin' tired and so far, zip.
67) 8) dialog: What's that mean?
67) 10) dialog: You tellin' me this guy would die before he'd screw his boss and work for us?  Nobody's that dumb.
67) 17) text: Mr. Quint, I believe it's time for our friend's swimming lesson. Watson freaks out, howling and lashing against the chains
67) 19) text: It's important to learn new skills. Essential to your growth as a person. Quint and the Thugs free Watson from the bumper.  He buck and lunges as they drag him toward the surf.  Quint addresses one of the Thugs, a new guy.
67) 20) dialog: You never seen this before, have you, Billy?  oh, man, you ain't gonna believe it... seawater is like battery acid to these guys... I don't know what it is, some kinds chemical reaction.  Whatta you think it is, Watson?  Whoa, hold him. (a wave breaks outside, the foam rolls in)
67) 22) dialog: Last call, sucker.  One... two...
73) 0) text: The slug-mobile parked at the curb.  Silence, then the RUMBLE of a heavy truck... and a tow truck turns onto thi street at the corner. The tow truck glides to the curb in front of the slug- mobile.  The driver stays inside as his passenger alights carrying a tool kit and a paper bag.  The human is Quint. Quint uses a slim-jim to open the slug-mobile door, then slides behind the wheel.
74) 0) text: Quint slides the contents from the paper bag.  It is a packet of C-4 plastic explosives, with a primer cap, and two lead wires with their ends bared.  Quint bends down, starts to work under the dash.  As his head disappears from FRAME, suddenly another head appears above the seats... George Jetson sitting up groggily in the back seat.  A blanket slips off his head and shoulders.  He sits there blinking, rubbing his eyes, feeling lousy. Under the dash, Quint starts to whistle as he works. Mistake. Jetson, with a puzzled expression, leans forward and sees this guy in the front seat.  Before he can jump-start his brain, Quint sits up, sees him, and hammers him in the face with his fist.  Jetson is knocked back, holding his face.  That was the last thing he needed.
75) 0) text: Meanwhile Quint is shouting and bailing out of the car. He runs and leaps into the already moving tow truck. It is sliding around the corner out of sight just as Jetson stumbles out of the car.  He whips out his gun fro the unfamiliar shoulder rig and it flies out of his hand. Jetson sags against the side of the car, mumbles an alien phrase, clearly the equivalent of "Fuck it...".
90) 0) text: CLOSE on a limousine door as it opens and a tall figure rises from the back seat.  We TILT UP to reveal William Harcourt. We MOVE with him as he walks to the n.d. van (from the beach scene) parked in front of the limousine.  Kipling i just sliding out of the passenger side of the cab.  Quint exits the driver door.  Kipling slides open the van's sid panel, reaches in for-- -- a large black suitcase.  He slides it out.  Harcourt nods.  He and Kipling start into the club, followed by Quint.
92) 0) text: Harcourt and the others move up the stairs to the second floor.  Cassandra, wearing a slinky dress, is at the top of the stairs waiting for them.  She's very uncomfortable dealing with Harcourt.  Kipling and Quint continue on toward the office door.  Harcourt pauses with Cassandra. He touches her neckline of her dress, letting his fingers linger against her flesh.
102) 0) text: The large suitcase rests on the expansive conference table.  A manicured alien hand reaches in and slowly open it.  Inside are fifty one-kilo glass tubes full of the viscous blue drug.  Also several of the small, individual dispensers.  It is Harcourt, standing behind the table in a pool of light, who has opened the suitcase.  He is flanked by Kipling... with Quint elsewhere in the room. The room is lit by track light, creating pools of light and dark. The two alien Dealers' eyes widen at the sight of the drug.  The human dealer doesn't know what it is.
102) 14) dialog: He's got the C-4 charge! Jetson moves forward slowly, holding the bomb in front of him.  He is sweating rivers.  The others quickly join him He nudges Cassandra ahead of himself, keeping her where h can see her.
102) 15) dialog: (continuing)
102) 28) text: Ah, poor Mr. Watson. Cassandra's eyes go wide as the horror of what he said sinks in.  Jetson nudges Harcourt with the suitcase.  The start out.  Cassandra, wild with rage, grabs Quint's .357 and with a KEENING WAIL, brings it up toward Harcourt's face.
102) 35) text: Do it! Quint brings the gun up, places the muzzle against the base of Cassandra's skull, starts to squeeze the trigger. There's a loud BLAM!  and Cassandra flinches... then look up. Quint is blown backward away from her. Sykes stand in the doorway from the private office, the Casull smoking in his hand. Quint hits the wall behind him -- only it's not a solid wall, but the huge window overlooking the club.  He crashes through it.