130) 4) text: ... Still, I gotta tell you, George, for a quiet guy, you're sure hell on wheels once you get going.  I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective. Jetson smiles.  He glances up as they are bathed in red and blue light.  A patrol car has pulled up next to them. Inside is Wiltey, a uniformed cop.
130) 5) dialog: I'll give you guys a lift to the station.  They're waiting to take your statements on the shootings.
130) 7) text: Let's go, partner. (then casually correcting Wiltey as he rises)
130) 9) dialog: They said two.
132) 0) text: Jetson is up front with Wiltey; Sykes sits in the back, though he is on the edge of the seat, leaning forward toward the front.  Jetson is intently, nervously scanning ahead and to both sides.
132) 2) dialog: I'm not positive -- but probably.
132) 6) text: There!  Go back.  Down that side street. Wiltey brakes, backs up, then turns into the side street.
132) 7) text: as they approach an eerie scene.  The coroner's wagon is stopped at an angle in the middle of the intersection, headlights and roof lights cutting into the night, the back doors wide open.  A patrol car is also here, on the other side of the wagon.  There is no movement anywhere near the two vehicles. Wiltey pulls the car up, his eyes like saucers at the eerie scene.  He reaches for the radio hand mike.  Jetson quickly covers it with a large hand.
133) 0) text: Jetson, Sykes, and Wiltey move warily forward, their guns drawn.  They reach the van and Sykes takes Wiltey's flashlight, shines it through the open back doors.  The doors are bent outward, smashed half off their hinges. One of the body bags is ripped open, literally split from end to end.  The blue and red lightbar on the other patro car can be seen through the wagon's front windshield. Jetson starts around the wagon toward the patrol car, Sykes and Wiltey follow.  Lights all ablaze, it too is abandoned.  One door has been wrenched off its hinges and lays in the street, and the front windshield is smashed. Our three cops approach the car, then Wiltey spots something beyond the unit.
133) 1) dialog: Oh, God... Sykes and Jetson look. The bodies of the coroner wagon Driver and Attendant, as well as the two OFFICERS from the patrol car, are crushed and beaten and stretched out on the asphalt.  Their arms are twisted as though by a mad force -- each pointing dow the street toward the dock warehouses ahead.  Wiltey stumbles away, backward.
133) 2) dialog: I'm calling for back up, now.
134) 0) text: One minute later.  OPEN CLOSE on a light shining into CAMERA, then WIDEN to reveal it is one of the door-mounte spotlights on Wiltey's patrol car.  Wiltey eases the car down the center of the street.  Sykes and Jetson, guns ready, walk slowly along on either side of the car... eye everywhere.
134) 10) dialog: There he is! And Wiltey floors it.  Sykes and Jetson watch, unable to stop him.
135) 0) text: LOW ANGLE, SHOOTING ACROSS the underside of Wiltey's stopped patrol car as Sykes' and Jetson's feet appear around the corner of the warehouse door.  The car is stil running -- the exhaust pipe still RUMBLING and expelling fumes.  The feet slow... then cautiously start around the car.  We PAN with them as they move around the side of th car.  A dark liquid begins dripping in EXTREME F.G.  We MOVE UP, to a CLOSE UP of the car bumper.  The dark liqui is blood, dripping deep red on the shiny chrome.  We MOVE UP farther, and-- -- there is Wiltey's severed head.  IN CLOSE UP, resting on the hood of the patrol car. Sykes and Jetson stop dead at the sight.  Wiltey's body lies in a heap on the floor near the car.  They both stare, then Sykes looks around the shadowy interior of th warehouse, his expression saying: what the hell could hav done this so fast?