26) 0) text: WINTER, a deputy Medical Examiner (human), is leading Sykes and Jetson along the hall.  He reads on the fly fro a case file in his hand.
26) 1) dialog: You know I've been over all this with Fedorchuk and Alterez this morning...
27) 1) dialog: Yeah, right.  Don't push your luck. Anyway, according to the sheet, the guy you nailed outside by the car--
27) 3) dialog: Yeah... he was one Martin Helder. White male, twenty-seven.  Let's see... wrap sheet shows one armed robbery conviction, a couple for sale of a controlled substance. Oh yeah, and he was wired on coke when you stopped his clock. They have reached a table holding a covered body.  Winter unceremoniously throws back the cover.  There lies the pale naked body of the Raincoat alien.
27) 5) dialog: So far he's a John Doe.  Or a Sam Slag, if you like. Jetson smiles slightly out of politeness.
27) 6) dialog: No I.D. on him and -- well, you know, no fingerprints -- so it could be tough.  Your buddies this morning went through the mug book but couldn't make a facial match.
27) 8) dialog: (referring to Raincoat alien)
27) 11) dialog: Lucky for you, you got him in both of his... well, what we loosely refer to as... hearts.
27) 13) dialog: That's the way these people are. You don't hit both pumps you just piss them off. During this, Jetson has turned the dead alien's hand over -- sees something that brings a frown of curiosity to his face.  He leans closer, examining the palm carefully. Then he peels back the alien's upper lip. Jetson frowns anew, with concern this time.  He looks around, spots a Newcomer lab assistant nearby -- BENTNER. Jetson motions him over.  Jetson begins questioning him using the alien language.  Sykes and Winter nearby, remai oblivious.
27) 14) dialog: Oh, here's an extra headshot if you need one. (hands Sykes a polariod of dead alien's face)
84) 0) text: Sykes and Jetson enter the cluttered lab office.  Winter is here eating take-out chicken at his cluttered desk.
84) 2) dialog: (his mouth full)
84) 5) dialog: He went home early -- his kid was sick. Jetson frowns.
84) 6) dialog: (continuing)
84) 8) dialog: (continuing)
84) 14) dialog: Looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day.