6) 2) dialog: Hello, Miller family. I’m Dr. Horn. Apologies for the formal introduction, but in order to maintain the sanctity of the house, and protect Eli, I’m going to open the door and have Eli enter. We can have our personal introductions afterwards. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
6) 5) dialog: Don’t worry, Eli. There’s nothing to be afraid of. Just a few precautionary measures to keep this clean house clean. Okay, I’m going to open the door just enough for you to enter, and I ask that you enter as quickly as possible. We want as little of the outside in as possible. Ready? Eli holds on tighter to Mom.
6) 9) dialog: Great job, Eli. Now this room is going to kill all that bad, scary air out there and give us good air that you can breath. But it’s going to be loud, and it’s going to be bright, so don’t be scared, okay? Are you ready? Here we go. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
6) 11) text: A LOUD HUM erupts inside the room, like a powerful vacuum Regardless of Dr. Horn’s preamble, it still startles Eli.
6) 12) dialog: Now for the lights. A blinding bright light goes on, and Eli’s vision whites- It almost brings him to his knees. But moments later the lights shut off and the humming cea The steel door in front of him begins to slide open. Eli’s vision is still blurry from the lights and he can’t make out what’s on the other side. The steel door finishes opening and Eli can make out a fu shape standing in the doorway.
6) 13) dialog: Right this way, Eli. The shape comes into focus. It’s DR. ISABELLA HORN (early 50s), in the flesh finally. We immediately get the sense she has bigger things on her mind than her appearance: sh wears neutral colored clothing and her hair is years uncu tied back in a ponytail. She flashes a warm, inviting smi DR. HORN (CONT’D) I’m Dr. Horn. Welcome to your new home.
7) 1) dialog: I told him he could take the suit off, but he wanted to wait for you. Mom bends down to Eli’s level. Looks him in the eye.
7) 9) dialog: One of the many benefits of living here. Mom turns at Dr. Horn’s words and gives her a great big h of her own, surprising her a little.
7) 11) dialog: No thanks required. Eli takes the rest of the suit off and relaxes a bit. Dad turns his attention towards the interior of the house.
7) 13) dialog: You sound surprised. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
7) 17) dialog: On purpose. Although everything here is specifically and specially built for people like Eli, I don’t like to think of it as a hospital, or even a medical facility. To me, this is a home. Eli walks up to what once was a fireplace, but is now cemented over. But Eli’s eyes are drawn to what’s hanging over it, AN ELEGANT GOLD CRUCIFIX. The PAINED FACE OF JESUS is particularly horrific, and th look in his eyes gives Eli the willies. DR. HORN (CONT’D) But more importantly, it’s your home. I want you to think of me as your guest, not the other way around.
8) 0) text: Eli, Mom and Dad follow Dr. Horn down the hallway. It connects to all the rooms and as Eli passes he looks into them: THE LIVING ROOM, THE COMPUTER ROOM, ETC.
8) 2) dialog: I’ve been an immunologist for over twenty five years, but I started this home about ten years ago.
9) 7) dialog: You've noticed, there’s no meat in there. I have a diet I’m going to request Eli to stick to. Dishes high in immunity boosting grains and vegetables like mushrooms and barley. I'll give you a list.
9) 13) dialog: This is your room. It used to be the dining room but I had it converted. The room is enormous. Patterned wallpaper, queen size bed large walk in closet, desk, bookshelves and tons of open space to hang around in.
9) 15) dialog: Our residents seem to like this. She pulls the drapes open and Eli is immediately blasted sunlight from a giant floor to ceiling window, showcasing stunning view of the outside wilderness: trees, grass, ev small stream about twenty yards out. But instead of being pleased as Dr. Horn expected, Eli co in fear, shields himself behind Mom and Dad.
9) 17) dialog: Well Eli, I can assure you, you've got nothing to worry about. The windows here are made of thick plastic, nothing can get in or out. I find the natural lighting does wonders for the psyche. Eli still won’t get out from behind Mom and Dad.
9) 19) dialog: I promise you Eli, there’s absolutely nothing--
9) 22) text: Eli’s sudden yell surprises Dr. Horn, but she’s obliges.
9) 23) dialog: Of course. I’m sorry.
9) 25) dialog: It’s quite alright. This is a huge adjustment, it’s going to take some getting used to. (then) I do think I have something that might cheer you up though. Dr. Horn smiles like she knows something AS WE CUT TO... INT. ELI’S BATHROOM - DAY CLOSE ON: A SHOWERHEAD - the kind pointing straight down the ceiling to simulate rain. Expensive.
9) 26) dialog: Probably a long time since you’ve used one of these. WE REVEAL Eli nervously looking at the shower. Dr. Horn turns the water on and Eli reacts as if she just a_snarling dog off a leash. Fear in his eyes. Dr. Horn sm again, she’s seen this before. DR. HORN (CONT’D) I know it’s scary, but the water here is totally safe, as is the window, as is everything else. It’s all completely filtered before it ever reaches us. Eli stares at the running water; it’s been a long time si he’s felt flowing hot water on him. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Go ahead. Give it a feel. Eli shakes his head. He won’t do it. DR. HORN (CONT’D) It’s okay, Eli, I promise. Mom takes Eli’s hand. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 30) dialog: See, safe. Mom and Eli remove their hands from the water. DR. HORN (CONT’D) If you’re comfortable, Eli, I’m going to have you wash up while I show your parents to their room. Okay? Eli takes a long beat to think about being alone in the n house. But the idea of a hot shower is a powerful convinc
9) 32) dialog: Take as much time as you'd like. I’1ll have your Mom come and get you when we’re ready. CUT TO: Eli in the shower. For the first time he seems to relaxed. The water runs down his face. INT. ELI’S ROOM - DAY Eli exits the bathroom wearing the new clothes provided: same kind of clothes Dr. Horn was wearing. Neutral colore long sleeves and pants. He steps into his new room, alone in it for the first tim He looks so tiny amidst all the space. He opens a door to find an EMPTY WALK-IN CLOSET. He yells
9) 48) dialog: Right this way. INT. INSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - DAY - CONTINUOUS There’s another small hallway inside. There are three doo leading out of it: one at the end, and two on the right s
9) 49) dialog: At the end is my room. This is my library... Dr. Horn opens the door to THE LIBRARY. Eli and Mom obser from the hallway: nothing special, bookcases on each wall filled with medical textbooks. Leather chairs to read in. They continue on to the last door on the right.
9) 50) dialog: Right this way. Dr. Horn opens it and they enter. INT. EXAM ROOM — DAY Eli scans the room. It looks much like a typical doctor’s office you would find anywhere.
9) 51) dialog: Why don’t you have a seat here. Eli breaks away from Mom, not without a little resistance and sits on the medical bench in the center of the room. Dr. Horn pulls out a digital camera. DR. HORN (CONT’D) I’m going to get a picture for my records. Can you smile for me? Big smile? Eli musters up a smile. She snaps a picture. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Perfect. Let’s get started. CUT TO: Eli lies on the medical bench, shirtless, attache what looks like an ECG machine. Mom holds the lead wires. Although not in pain, Eli looks uncomfortable and nervous Dr. Horn stares at the machine printout. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 53) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) A minor but normal arrythmia due to nerves, otherwise your vitals look good. Let’s get those pesky wires off you. Mom carefully removes the lead wires attached to Eli. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Can you flip onto your stomach? Eli obeys. Dr. Horn moves behind Eli, wheels a medical tr along with her. He can see her reflection in the glass cabinet in front of him. DR. HORN (CONT’D) In a normal healthy body, antibodies are produced by a gene found within the bone marrow. But in your case, the gene that produces those antibodies malfunctions and ceases production. Through the reflection Eli can see Dr. Horn removing item from packaging on the medical tray, but his own reflectio obscures what the items actually are. DR. HORN (CONT’D) That means the first step to curing you is isolating the gene, and figuring out how to make it function again. In order to do that, I have to harvest the marrow. The procedure takes up to an hour, so I’m going to give you a general anaesthetic which will put you to sleep. When you wake up you’ll feel groggy, and you might be nauseous which is absolutely normal. Nothing to worry about. In the reflection Eli sees Dr. Horn raise a large hypoder needle. Eli grabs Mom’s hand, grips so tightly it hurts h DR. HORN (CONT’D) Okay, I want you to count back from one hundred for me, okay. You’re going to feel a little pinch when I give you the injection.
9) 57) dialog: Okay, it’s all done now. Keep counting.
14) 11) dialog: What’s happening?
14) 16) dialog: Where did you say you saw this fire, Eli?
15) 0) text: Eli sits with his parents in the leather chairs in the ce of The Library. Dr. Horn sits opposite them. She makes notations in her notebook.
15) 1) dialog: Your parents tell me you’ve been having nightmares. Recurring ones. Would you mind telling me about them? Eli looks at his parents, a little uncomfortable. Mom nods comfortingly. It’s okay. Eli turns back to Dr. Horn.
15) 3) dialog: Prince?
15) 8) dialog: Ah. I see. Sorry, Eli, go on. Dr. Horn goes back to the notebook.
15) 10) dialog: (doesn’t look up) I see.
15) 12) dialog: What else, Eli? A beat, then:
15) 14) dialog: That must have been really scary. How well do you remember it?
15) 16) dialog: Eli, can you see how your nightmares might explain a little bit about what happened last night?
15) 20) dialog: I think you were sleepwalking. It’s a rare side effect of the treatment. Sleepwalking can occur during various stages in the sleep cycle. Yours happened during a recurring nightmare. That’s why you saw the fire. Does that make sense? Eli struggles to understand, but he knows what to say.
15) 22) dialog: Good. Now... INT. EXAM ROOM — DAY
15) 23) dialog: I believe I was able to isolate Eli’s malfunctioning gene. Eli’s back on the medical bench. Dr. Horn wheels around t covered medical tray. Mom and Dad stand excitedly by Eli’s side. But Eli just l nervous. He squeezes Mom’s hand.
15) 25) dialog: Yes, but that’s the easy part. I’m going to introduce a modified version of that gene into Eli’s system.
15) 27) dialog: Unfortunately not. The process is gradual and has to be repeated every few days, otherwise the body rejects them. My goal is essentially to trick Eli’s body into making these genes on its own. Dr. Horn unveils a syringe on the medical tray, already filled with an opaque liquid. Eli quickly turns away, shaking but trying to contain it. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
15) 29) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) This will only take a moment. Dr. Horn rolls up Eli’s sleeve. She doesn’t draw any attention to his fears. DR. HORN (CONT’D) It’s going to burn a little, Eli. I wish there was something I could do about that, but there just isn’t. But the first time always hurts the worst. Eli squeezes his eyes shut, just shy of hyperventilating
15) 31) dialog: All done.
15) 41) dialog: I’m sorry, Eli, I know it’s unpleasant. It’ll be over before you know it. Eli squeezes tighter onto Mom.
15) 46) dialog: I’m sorry, Eli, there won't be anymore pain now. It’s all over.
16) 57) text: Eli sucks in clean air as he lies on his back. He sees hi savior, Dr. Horn, hovering over him, frantic and bewilder
16) 58) dialog: Eli, what the hell are you doing?! Eli’s consciousness begins to fade. This is all too much him. His vision becomes foggy, the sounds echo-y. Mom and Dad come rushing downstairs.
16) 60) dialog: The sensor in my room went off. Eli was about to leave the house! Mom rushes to Eli’s side. Then he blacks out.
17) 2) dialog: I’m administering something intravenously. Dr. Horn reveals a syringe and injects it into Eli. Eli’s zonked out to be bothered by the needle. Mom holds his ha
17) 9) dialog: It is. I don’t know what happened.
17) 20) dialog: Let's let him rest, for now. We’1ll keep a close watch on him. We'll be right here the whole time, Eli. Eli’s losing consciousness again.
17) 23) dialog: Blood pressure’s good, temperature has returned to normal. I think we’re out of the woods. Eli, how do you feel?
17) 25) dialog: Alright Eli, now what can you tell us about the other night?
17) 33) dialog: It’s okay. Let him explain.
17) 46) dialog: I believe you, Eli. Everyone in the room is stunned by Dr. Horn’s revelation. takes the wind out of Eli’s sails.
17) 48) dialog: Of course I do. I believe that you believe this house is haunted. But, Eli, remember what we talked about before? The sleepwalking, the nightmares?
17) 50) dialog: Don’t dreams feel real while you're having them too? You’re under a lot of stress. I promise if you remain calm, and try to relax, these problems will go away.
17) 52) dialog: A short in the electrical system. All it required was a simple adjustment of the wiring. I was able to fix it on my own. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
17) 58) dialog: I've lived here for ten years, with patients in and out, and no one’s ever mentioned ghosts. I promise. Mom and Dad appear reassured with the explanation. Eli, n so much. INT. ELI’S ROOM - DAY Eli and Haley are sitting Indian-style on the ground on opposite ends of the window. Haley breathes on the window, fogs it up. She draws a TIC TOE board into the condensation. She marks “X” in the cor
18) 10) dialog: You’re very lucky. The tone in the room is severe. Everyone is still shaken Mom's eyes are bloodshot from her tears. DR. HORN (CONT’D) A wound that severe could have quite possibly been unmanageable. (reassures Mom) But it’s okay. Everyone is safe and unharmed.
18) 12) dialog: It’s alright. I want you to take this though. Dr. Horn hands Eli a SMALL WHITE SLEEPING PILL. DR. HORN (CONT’D) It’s going to help you sleep. Eli doesn’t fight her. He takes the pill with a glass of water from his nightstand. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
18) 14) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) Good. Now get some rest. Tomorrow we have another treatment and I want you to be as strong as possible. Dr. Horn smiles at Eli as she gets up, but it seems to be more strained smile than before, like she’s feigning. Mom hugs Eli as tight as she can.
19) 3) text: Mom, Dad and Dr. Horn all sitting at the kitchen table.
19) 4) dialog: Each treatment is tailored to the patient. And Eli has maybe the most advanced case I’ve come across yet. His reactions are going to be unpredictable. We’ll have to manage him one step at a time.
19) 8) dialog: Yes. Dr. Horn absently glances over towards Eli’s direction an darts behind the wall. Eli waits a tense beat until he hears the conversation continue. She must not have seen him. He peeks over again DR. HORN (CONT’D) And the most important thing you two can do is be calm around him. He’s going to take his cues from the two of you, and if he senses dissention, it’s going to make my job harder. Dad takes a breath, nods his head. He holds Mom’s hand. G his best facsimile of a happy smile.
19) 31) dialog: Come in.
20) 4) text: Dr. Horn stands beside Eli, empty syringe in her hand, watching him with interest, like one might look at a lab
21) 2) text: He creeps up the stairs, careful not to make too much noi INT. THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY/OUTSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT He reaches the top of the staircase. Even darker here. Eli finds Dr. Horn’s door with the light, moves towards i He takes a deep breath, hovers over the keypad. If the co is right, this changes everything. He enters the code slowly: 5...1...6...6. The split secon before the light goes from red to green feels like an eternity. But the code works, the surprise shows on his f The door audibly unlocks - loud in the silence. Eli freez Now what? Eli hesitates a beat, does he dare enter? Yes. gently pulls open the door and enters Dr. Horn’s Wing. INT. INSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Eli very quietly shuts the door. He looks around. He shines the light into the library, nothing in there bu lot of bookshelves. Dr. Horn’s room is shut, but the Exam Room door is open. Eli holds here for a moment, shines the flashlight on Dr. Horn’s room, wonders if Dr. Horn might still be awake ins It’s too late for that now though, he’s already here. He enters the patient’s room, and shuts the door behind h WE HOLD on Dr. Horn’s door. From beneath the door frame W SEE _a light turn on.
22) 0) text: Eli shines the flashlight around the room. Although we’ve seen it before, it’s menacing in the darkness. There’s a medical cabinet close by, Eli opens it. There’s usual first aid supplies, various medical instruments, so pill bottles, but nothing that would help Eli. Finally, at the far end of the room, Eli reaches Dr. Horn desk. He scans the flashlight over it. Time to check the drawers. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
22) 2) text: He tries the top two smaller drawers of the desk but ther nothing there but various office materials. He tries the larger left bottom drawer. It’s empty. Finally, Eli tries the last drawer, but when he pulls on it won’t open. He tries again, still nothing. He shines his flashlight on the side of the drawer and discovers a lock. Eli scans the surface of the desk with the flashlight, searching for the key. It’s not there, and Dr. Horn would be foolish enough to leave it anywhere Eli could get to i But something inside a pen container reflects the light o Eli's flashlight. It’s a letter opener. He removes it, examines the tip, the wheels in his head spinning. He examines the lock again. It’s cheap, came with the des and made to fit one of those thin metal keys. Eli takes the letter opener and inserts it slowly into th keyhole until it stops. He tries to twist, but nothing happens. He readjusts the letter opener, pulling it out slightly and tries again. This time, wouldn’t you know it, the lock gives. He tries the drawer and it opens smoothly. Eli smiles, qu pleased with himself. Inside the drawer is a hanging file cabinet. He pulls out first file. It’s a manila folder with his name written on He opens the folder, flips through it. Lots of handwritte notes, most of them written in doctor’s chicken-scratch. impossible to read, except for the headings, which can be made out clearly.
22) 9) text: He quickly flips through the other folders. WE SEE THE PICTURES OF THE PATIENTS, three of them have turned up as ghosts so far: HELENA (The Long Haired Woman), VICTOR (Th Elderly Man) and HARRIS (The Bald Man). There's a noise from outside the door. But this isn’t the noise of a ghost -- it’s the sound of Dr. Horn opening he bedroom door! She must've heard Eli scream.
22) 14) dialog: Hello? Anybody in here? Dr. Horn enters the room, turns on the lights. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Eli, is that you? From her perspective, the room looks empty, just as she l it. She enters the room anyway. Eli squeezes himself into the corner as tightly as possible... And realizes the letter opener still sticks out of the ch drawer lock. Dr. Horn moves around the room slowly, snoop but she hasn’t noticed the drawer yet.
22) 15) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) If you’re in here, Eli, it’s okay. I won't be mad. Eli very deliberately grabs onto the letter opener and tw to lock it. He barely snatches the letter opener back in before Dr. Horn is at the desk. Without bending over, she reaches down and tries that ver drawer. Eli tenses, certain she’s going to spot him... But the drawer doesn’t budge, apparently satisfying Dr. H She turns to leave without more fuss and turns the light on her way out. She leaves Eli, panting in the darkness underneath her de
24) 5) dialog: Let’s have a look at you. Dr. Horn pulls out a pen light and bends down...
24) 8) dialog: Eli's right. Sleep is the answer here. Go ahead, get some rest. We can start again tomorrow. INT. INSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Eli exits the exam room, Mom and Dad by his side. They lo worn out, concerned, over-stressed. Eli looks worse. As he turns to leave, his eyes lock onto something that g him pause... THE LIBRARY. Eli doesn’t quite know why at first, but he can’t stop staring into it. Then it hits him. All those bookcases. Is this the sign The Ghosts were giv him?
25) 8) dialog: Bring Eli to my exam room please. I'll be administering the fourth treatment. Tonight. INT. DR. HORN’S WING HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
26) 0) text: Dr. Horn is busily filling the syringe with liquid. She doesn’t look at them. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
26) 3) dialog: On the bench please. Eli kicks back into high gear. Struggles with all his mig
26) 8) dialog: Hold him still and I can give him the injection there.
26) 11) dialog: No. It must be now. Dad gets a better grasp. He uses all his strength to hold down, and finally he’s successful. Eli’s lost the fight.
26) 14) text: Eli lunges forward, SHOVES Dr. Horn with all his strength Dr. Horn careens backwards, smashes into her desk. The syringe flies out of her hands, breaks. More importantly, THE ENTIRE BOTTLE of the clear liquid f off the desk and shatters on the floor. Eli stands in the room, his adrenaline pumping, panting l a wild animal.
26) 17) dialog: I have to go into town to replace what Eli... (stops, corrects herself) ..-what was destroyed. Eli's eyes widen. Did Dr. Horn just say she was leaving?
26) 19) dialog: Keep on eye on Eli. I’m not sure how he got into my wing in the first place... Eli smiles. DR. HORN (0.S.) (CONT’D) ...but I changed the code on the door just in case. Eli’s smile vanishes.
26) 20) dialog: I'll be back tomorrow morning at the latest. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
28) 0) text: The kitchen light is on and Eli stops beside the doorway. someone’s in there, he might be spotted. He peers inside. And there’s DAD, sitting at the kitchen table, staying wa But, something looks odd. Eli realizes, HE’S ASLEEP. As long as Eli’s quiet enough, he should be able to get p Dad no problem. He moves. INT. OUTSIDE MOM AND DAD’S BEDROOM —- SECOND FLOOR - NIGH Eli very quietly puts his ear up to Mom and Dad’s door, listens in. No sounds from within. Mom must be asleep too He makes his move up to Dr. Horn’s wing. INT. THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY/OUTSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT The RED LIGHT on the keypad stands out in the darkness. Eli stands at the door. He doesn’t really know how to beg He looks towards the ceiling, like that’1l help.
30) 6) text: Beneath Perry's body are the bodies of the other patients most of them just skeletons by this point. There’s a NOISE behind Eli. It must be Perry. Eli turns.. But it isn’t Perry. Someone’s running after him. It’s got be Dr. Horn, but we can’t make our her face.
31) 1) dialog: Eli? Can you hear me? It’s Dr. Horn. She waits for his response, but he remains silent. Her vo clinical now, monotone. DR. HORN (0.S.) (CONT’D) I have your parents here. They want to speak to you.
33) 0) text: Eli nervously paces back and forth. HE HEARS the bookcase move, shuffling footsteps approaching. He quickly opens up the chest, then hurries towards a spo the wall near the door. He lays down with his back against the wall, making it lo like he’s passed out. The footsteps stop. Dr. Horn’s voice calls out from behind the door.
33) 1) dialog: Eli? (beat) Eli, are you awake in there? (a beat) If you’re awake, answer me. Eli doesn’t move. He doesn’t even open his eyes. There’s long bit of silence, then some shuffling, then finally, t THUNK of the door unlocking. Dr. Horn sticks her head in.
33) 2) dialog: Eli? She spots Eli on the ground doing a swell acting job. Dr. Horn thinks for a brief moment, then fully enters the roo She quickly goes towards Eli and reaches down to check hi pulse. The moment he feels her fingers on his skin, his e SHOOT OPEN. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
33) 4) text: He grabs her wrist and pulls her towards him, with his ot hand HE SWINGS something oblong toward her head. He conne there’s an audible THUD, and Dr. Horn stumbles backwards. Eli rises, we see what’s in his hand. It’s A FEMUR BONE t from one of Dr. Horn’s victims. He goes at her again, str her across the face. Dr. Horn crumbles to the ground, unconscious. Blood flows from out of her hair line and beings to pool on the groun Eli doesn’t wait around to see if she’1ll get up.
36) 7) dialog: We cannot let him leave!
37) 2) dialog: Okay, that should hold him. Eli struggles to break free but it’s no use, the straps a too tight. DR. HORN (CONT’D) (to Mom and Dad) Why don’t you wait for me in the library.
37) 4) dialog: Please. Mom and Dad acquiesce and exit the room, shutting the doo behind them. Dr. Horn locks the door. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
37) 6) text: Eli struggles against the straps, but he can’t break free Dr. Horn goes to her desk, rummages around.
37) 9) dialog: A lot of people have called me crazy. And maybe I am. I honestly thought I could cure you.
37) 11) dialog: Eli, there’s so much you don’t know. So much you can’t know. The first three injections were Holy Water and Tannis Root. I thought perhaps on someone so young, it might work this time. But... She stops. Looks like she’s going to cry. Composes hersel and starts again. DR. HORN (CONT’D) I’ve come to understand, Eli, that what you have is like...rabies. Once infected, the only way to stop the spread is to destroy the host. Eli continues to struggle.
37) 15) dialog: You are. You're sick of spirit. It’s not your fault. You weren’t given a choice. It was made for you by your parents before you were even born.
37) 17) dialog: The children always suffer from the sins of the parents. She moves in closer to Eli. DR. HORN (CONT’D) I'll ask the lord for forgiveness, Eli. I hope he grants it. Her face grows cold, her eyes steeled. She GAGS Eli’s mou She begins to read aloud from the bible: DR. HORN (CONT’D) Be sober-minded; be watchful. Your adversary the devil prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour. She flings the liquid from the container onto Eli ina crossing motion. The liquid SIZZLES against Eli’s skin. H SCREAMS OUT in pain, his eyes bulging. Muffled screams fr beneath his gag.
37) 18) text: Dr. Horn continues reading: DR. HORN (CONT’D) Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the schemes of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
37) 20) text: She flings more acidic liquid onto him. He SCREAMS OUT on more as the liquid burns into his flesh. DR. HORN (CONT’D) May Holy Water purify the skin... She retreats back to her desk, the container of liquid no empty. Reaches for something else... DR. HORN (CONT’D) And this dagger purify the soul. Dr. Horn turns back around. This time she carries A CRUDE LOOKING DAGGER, like something out of ancient times. Upon seeing that, Eli manages to dredge up more strength, more energy to fight his restraints. Except...nothing. DR. HORN (CONT’D) You are of your father the devil, and your will is to do your father's desires. Let God’s hand, by my hand, send The Devil’s servants back, back into the sulphur lake from which they were born. She raises the dagger above her head, preparing to strike Eli's eyes go wide, abject terror in his face. This is it Dr. Horn closes her eyes, bends her head, appears to say something not written within the bible. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Grant this boy your forgiveness lord. He knows not what he’s done. She brings the knife down, right into Eli’s heart... But_her hand freezes, the knife does not pierce Eli’s ski His right hand has broken free of the straps. He’s GRIPPI onto Dr. Horn’s wrist. She can’t break free of his grasp. This is not the normal power of an eleven year old. Dr. Horn stares wide-eyed at Eli. He has a confused look his face, as if he isn’t sure what’s happening. Like some dropped blood in the ocean, Eli’s eyes turn from bright b to dark red. DR. HORN (CONT’D) God, no. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
37) 22) text: Eli looks up at Dr. Horn, no longer confused.
37) 27) dialog: (in pain) Please...Eli... Eli squeezes effortlessly down on Dr. Horn’s wrist and sh drops the knife, her face scrunching up in pain. He SNAPS Dr. Horn’s wrist ninety degrees the wrong way. S cries out, collapses onto the floor in pain. Eli stands, places his hands out front and balls them int fists. The room behind him EXPLODES into FLAMES.
37) 28) text: Dr. Horn tries to crawl away but Eli easily catches her a grips her around the throat. Easily lifts her into the ai He stares at her like she’s a subject to be studied. Suddenly, we're more afraid of Eli than Dr. Horn.
38) 3) text: Mom’s mouth opens wide, A SILENT SCREAM... INT. DR. HORN’S WING HALLWAY - BACK TO PRESENT Eli moves forward on Mom and Dad, backing them into the hallway. The fire moving with them, all of it a part of E Mom looks at Eli with big, wet, pleading eyes. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE