0) 0) text: ELI (11) BOLTS AWAKE from his nightmare. His face is pale big bags under his eyes. He’s choking on air, wheezing uncontrollably. He can’t get a breath. He looks around frantically. He’s inside his plastic tent used to quarantine him from his surroundings. The walls a opaque and the room outside looks foggy. There’s a A LOUD HUMMING SOUND, an air purifier pumping c air into the tent from a hose. Eli himself is wearing A SANITARY FACE MASK. His bed has stripped of the motel supplied sheets and comforter and replaced with a special hypo-allergenic kind. A DARK SHAPE approaches the tent wall. But an angelic voi whispers into the tent...
0) 2) dialog: (wheezing) Dust...there’s dust!
0) 6) text: Remember what we practiced, in one- two, out one-two, in one-two, out one-two. Eli does as Mom directs. It’s a tried and true practice. takes a breath, holds, and releases. As Eli does his breathing, Mom sings softly to him:
0) 9) dialog: Fire. (then) I’m fine.
0) 12) text: Eli wipes his body clean with ANTIBACTERIAL WIPES.
0) 16) text: Now that Eli’s finished, he’s ready to leave the tent. Th fingers on his suit are too bulky work the zipper though, he gently slaps the tent wall to signal to Mom.
0) 18) dialog: (muffled) Yes.
0) 20) dialog: Yes!
0) 24) text: It’s a local motel in a small town. There’s TWO DELINQUEN LOOKING TEENAGERS skateboarding in the parking lot. Dad pulls the car around, a late model luxury SUV, a car only buy if you can afford the seventy-five dollars a wee costs to fill the gas tank. There’s suitcases tied to the roof. He honks the horn. The motel room door opens and Mom steps out, a few suitca in her hand. She shoots a nervous glance at the DELINQUEN TEENAGERS, keeps moving. Dad gets out and starts loading the luggage. Eli hasn't left the motel room yet. Mom turns back.
1) 0) text: Eli leaps into the backseat and Dad shuts the door quickl He’s panting, nervous, but he calms down once in the car. He chooses the middle seat to sit, as far as he can from windows. He’s wheezing again. Mom turns from the front se 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
1) 2) text: In one-two, out one-two... Eli does his breathing exercises, calms down again. From outside the car, Eli hears laughter. He turns to loo out his window. The Teenagers are laughing at him. He catches their eye.
3) 0) text: SCRATCH-SCRATCH-SCRATCH. The SOUND of colored pencils on paper. It’s coming from Eli. He’s in the backseat of the car, diligently working on a drawing with colored pencils. INSERT ON DRAWING: an image of himself on a skateboard, s dressed in his hazmat suit, ollieing high above the heads the two stunned-looking delinquent teenagers. Meanwhile...in the front seat, Dad jams away to music, lo
3) 4) text: Come on baby, you gotta listen to this loud. SCRATCH-SCRATCH-SCRATCH. Eli colors-in his hazmat suit. A works, his marks gets harder and harder. Mom notices, looks at him through the rearview mirror.
3) 8) dialog: (dismissive) Fine.
3) 10) dialog: What happened to the music? Mom gives up, she’s clearly not going to get more out of Dad can’t help but smile. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
3) 12) text: (teasing) The boy’s got his Dad’s good taste. He turns the music back up. Mom breathes out a heavy anxious sigh. Dad undercuts his teasing by reaching his hand over, gently massages her ne In the backseat, Eli continues to color.
4) 0) text: The car speeds OUT OF FRAME. EXT. ISOLATED ROCKY ROAD/INT. MOM’S CAR - DAY - LATER Dad pulls off the main road onto a smaller, rocky road. Eli’s moved on from drawing and is now reading a book on IPAD. As Eli flips the (electronic) pages, we realize wha he’s reading because of the illustrations. It’s PINNOCHIO They pass by A DILAPIDATED COTTAGE with an old red paint bleached years over from sunlight and harsh weather. Ther A LITTLE GIRL balancing herself on an old wooden fence. She immediately catches Eli’s eye. He puts the iPad down. The little girl is roughly Eli’s age and her hair is a fi red; her hand-me-down dress thoroughly worn.
5) 0) text: Eli stares incredulously up at the house through the wind
5) 1) dialog: This is where we’re living? Remarkably, both Mom and Dad have the same look as Eli.
6) 0) text: Eli walks up to the path to his new house with great trepidation. It might as well be hot lava on all sides of him. He stays wedged between Mom and Dad. EXT. ELI’S NEW HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - DAY Eli, Mom and Dad stand in front of the solid steel front door. No locks or doorknobs, it looks like the kind of th you might find in an ultra modern home, or a spaceship.
6) 4) text: Eli takes a subtle step back, shields himself behind Mom Dad, scared. There’s nothing inherently frightening about Horn’s voice, but the theatrics of it all are overwhelmin
6) 11) text: A LOUD HUM erupts inside the room, like a powerful vacuum Regardless of Dr. Horn’s preamble, it still startles Eli.
7) 0) text: The decontamination room door opens and Mom and Dad enter having just gone through the decontamination process. Eli's grateful to have them there. He rushes to their sid quickly, grabs onto them.
7) 2) dialog: What if it isn’t safe? 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
7) 7) dialog: Okay, okay. That’s enough. But Eli is laughing. He’s enjoying it too.
8) 0) text: Eli, Mom and Dad follow Dr. Horn down the hallway. It connects to all the rooms and as Eli passes he looks into them: THE LIVING ROOM, THE COMPUTER ROOM, ETC.
9) 8) dialog: No meat? I hate mushrooms.
9) 18) dialog: Can you close the drapes, please.
9) 20) dialog: Close them! 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 22) text: Eli’s sudden yell surprises Dr. Horn, but she’s obliges.
9) 31) dialog: Okay. The adults all smile, relieved.
9) 33) dialog: Echo! “Echo” echoes back to him. Eli takes notice. He experimen 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 36) dialog: Ah! It echoes back. He smiles, looks around slyly.
9) 37) dialog: shit! “Shit” echoes back. Eli smiles, finally having a little f He really lets loose now, a BIG SCREAM, coming from somew primal, letting his frustration out.
9) 38) dialog: 
9) 40) text: Eli startles, looks around him. He’s alone. A VOICE FROM
9) 45) dialog: Mom, what’s she going to do--? CLICK. The electronic lock disengages, cutting Eli off. D Horn steps out, a welcoming smile on her face. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 53) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) A minor but normal arrythmia due to nerves, otherwise your vitals look good. Let’s get those pesky wires off you. Mom carefully removes the lead wires attached to Eli. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Can you flip onto your stomach? Eli obeys. Dr. Horn moves behind Eli, wheels a medical tr along with her. He can see her reflection in the glass cabinet in front of him. DR. HORN (CONT’D) In a normal healthy body, antibodies are produced by a gene found within the bone marrow. But in your case, the gene that produces those antibodies malfunctions and ceases production. Through the reflection Eli can see Dr. Horn removing item from packaging on the medical tray, but his own reflectio obscures what the items actually are. DR. HORN (CONT’D) That means the first step to curing you is isolating the gene, and figuring out how to make it function again. In order to do that, I have to harvest the marrow. The procedure takes up to an hour, so I’m going to give you a general anaesthetic which will put you to sleep. When you wake up you’ll feel groggy, and you might be nauseous which is absolutely normal. Nothing to worry about. In the reflection Eli sees Dr. Horn raise a large hypoder needle. Eli grabs Mom’s hand, grips so tightly it hurts h DR. HORN (CONT’D) Okay, I want you to count back from one hundred for me, okay. You’re going to feel a little pinch when I give you the injection.
9) 54) dialog: (shaky) One hundred, ninety-nine, ninety- eight... 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 56) text: Eli's face scrunches up in pain and he exhales sharply as needle enters his back.
9) 58) dialog: Ninety-seven, ninety-six... Eli's eyelids suddenly get very heavy. ELI’'S POV: As the drugs begin to take hold, the WORLD LO FOCUS. WE’RE LOOKING AT THE REFLECTION...and there’s A FI standing behind Dr. Horn, not belonging to anyone previou in the room. We can’t make out who or what it is.
9) 60) dialog: (softly) What... And with that, he’s out.
9) 69) dialog: Wait. I’m sorry. I just heard your voice and---
9) 74) dialog: I'm Eli. What were you doing in the stream?
9) 76) dialog: I said what were you doing in the stream?
9) 78) dialog: Huh? She reaches into the bucket and comes back with something her fist. She reveals it to Eli. CLOSE ON: A SLIMY TADPOLE, flapping around, gasping for a
9) 81) dialog: No, I just... 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 84) dialog: I’ve never seen one that wasn’t in a book, before. That becomes a frog?
9) 87) dialog: Um...
9) 89) dialog: How’d you know?
9) 91) dialog: Oh, right.
9) 93) dialog: Yeah. Well, no... Eli realizes he’s never really had to explain his conditi like this before. Maybe that’s because he’s never been ar a person his age.
9) 95) dialog: I didn’t used to be sick. Or, well, I guess I was but... 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
9) 97) text: Are you always this confusing? 24. Eli takes a breath, restarts. The only way to tell it is start from the beginning.
9) 98) dialog: There was something wrong with me before I was born. My Mom said the doctors didn’t think I’d make it. But I did. That’s why Dad calls me Champ.
9) 100) dialog: I beat the odds. Except...I guess I kind of didn’t, because--- Haley finishes the story for him.
9) 104) dialog: That’s okay. I don’t really remember being outside, so... He trails off. His lame excuse isn’t fooling anyone anywa
9) 106) dialog: Well, mostly it’s just me and my parents. There’s Dr. Horn too now, and she seems nice.
9) 110) dialog: I read a lot. I got an iPad, I can get any book I want on it and--
9) 112) dialog: What about you? What do you do?
9) 114) dialog: That sounds boring. A joke! Eli’s starting to get more comfortable. Haley smi which in turn makes Eli smile.
9) 116) dialog: Mom? Dad?
10) 0) text: Eli moves through the new house alone for the first time. walks slowly down the hallway.
10) 1) dialog: Mom? Dad? The hallway takes on a more ominous tone at night than it during the day. Every shadow is new to Eli, every creak o the floor a surprise. As Eli passes by each room...THE LIVING ROOM, THE KITCHEN THE COMPUTER ROOM...he looks into it. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
11) 0) text: Eli stares up at the crucifix. He doesn’t like it, and fo good reason. It’s kinda creepy. Especially at night. But for some reason, he can’t take his eyes off it. He st into the pained eyes of Jesus. And...is it possible? The mouth of Jesus looks as though opening, ready to cry out! Eli’s about to scream himself when, behind him:
11) 3) dialog: It wasn’t you. (gestures to the crucifix) It was that. Dad moves to put his arm around Eli. They both stare at i
12) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Eli’s tired, baggy-eyed face as he stares disappointedly down at his dinner... A bowl of grey, uninspired oatmeal.
12) 1) dialog: Oatmeal for dinner? Can I add some syrup to it at least? Dad sympathetically shakes his head no.
12) 2) dialog: Cinnamon?
12) 9) dialog: Do you think Haley might be able to come over sometime? Mom was waiting for that question. She gets serious.
12) 13) dialog: But if we can all be in this house, why can’t she? She can follow all the directions and stuff. Mom's worked through this in her head already.
12) 15) dialog: But what if...I don’t get better?
12) 17) dialog: I don’t think I’m hungry tonight.
13) 0) text: Eli doesn’t get far before he hears Mom quietly yelling. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
13) 12) text: Eli falls backwards, terrified. He hits his bad leg, the momentarily paralyzing him. He watches the towering flame And if things couldn't get any worse... The window begins to crack from the overpowering heat. Th Spider out, threatening to destroy the window.
13) 14) text: Eli starts wheezing, the same thing we saw earlier. He manages to pick himself up and bolt.
14) 0) text: Eli races through the house, as fast as he can with his l screaming his head off, wheezing in between cries of help
14) 1) dialog: Help!...Mom!...Dad!...Help me! He can’t get to Mom and Dad fast enough. He blazes with lightning speed through the hallways, mad with panic.
14) 2) dialog: Help! Eli turns the corner to take the stairs and runs SMACK in Mom. Only, she’s on fire, burning right before Eli’s eyes She reaches out to grab him with a sudden burst of moveme
14) 4) text: Eli screams and cowers in fear...but nothing happens.
14) 9) dialog: The fire was breaking my window!
14) 15) dialog: I didn’t do this. Eli's as confused as anybody about how the room got trash
14) 17) dialog: Outside. Dad throws his hands up in confusion.
14) 21) dialog: But...I saw it. Mom bends down to meet him at eye level. Their matching b eyes stare into one another’s. She recognizes something i them, seems satisfied, stands and takes his hand.
15) 0) text: Eli sits with his parents in the leather chairs in the ce of The Library. Dr. Horn sits opposite them. She makes notations in her notebook.
15) 2) dialog: Well, there’s the one with Prince. Dr. Horn stops writing, looks up.
15) 9) dialog: Well, in the dream I’m not sick, because I’m outside without my suit on, and I’m not scared or anything.
15) 11) dialog: Prince is there, and I go to pet him, but when I do, he gets real mad and he tries to bite me. That’s when I wake up. Dr. Horn notes this in her notebook.
15) 13) dialog: A dream about the fire at our house. Dr. Horn puts down her pen for a moment. Looks at Eli.
15) 15) dialog: I remember putting my suit on. And Dad carrying me to the car. Dr. Horn jots down another quick note before she slips th notepad into a MANILA FOLDER labeled “ELI” on it.
15) 17) dialog: The fire? Dr. Horn nods. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
15) 21) dialog: I guess so.
15) 29) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) This will only take a moment. Dr. Horn rolls up Eli’s sleeve. She doesn’t draw any attention to his fears. DR. HORN (CONT’D) It’s going to burn a little, Eli. I wish there was something I could do about that, but there just isn’t. But the first time always hurts the worst. Eli squeezes his eyes shut, just shy of hyperventilating
15) 33) dialog: Ow.
15) 35) dialog: It hurts. It hurts.
16) 0) text: Eli walks slowly down the hallway towards his room, Mom a Dad behind him. He’s totally drained from the procedure. But then, ahead of him, something catches his eye... A YOUNG BOY, clothing in tatters, enters an open room dow the hall.
16) 3) text: Eli freezes, his body surges with adrenaline. This Boy doesn’t belong here. Dad bumps into Eli’s back, jarring him back to reality.
16) 5) dialog: Did...did you see that?
16) 7) dialog: I saw someone. Mom and Dad give each other worried glances.
16) 9) dialog: He walked right into the computer room. How could you not have seen him?
16) 11) dialog: There was. I saw him!
16) 13) dialog: But--- Mom shushes him.
16) 19) dialog: Do you see that dog? Haley turns, looks.
16) 21) dialog: You didn’t see... Eli trails off. Was it real or his imagination?
16) 22) dialog: I'm awake right? Haley screws her brow up in confusion, but moments later, MOSQUITO lands on Haley’s outstretched arm. She freezes.
16) 25) text: Eli watches her with a cold fascination, forgetting about vision momentarily.
16) 26) dialog: What are you doing?
16) 30) dialog: Whoa! Gross!
16) 32) dialog: I’ve never had one. I heard they itch. Haley cleans the blood off the window with her shirt.
16) 37) text: Eli Mom Mom But and Eli INT. Eli 40. ELI’'S ROOM - NIGHT opens his eyes. He’s in bed, asleep. stands over him, her face covered in shadow.
16) 39) dialog: (sleepy) Mom? What’s going on? backs away. She heads for the door.
16) 41) dialog: Huh? What are you talking about? Mom doesn’t respond because she’s already out the door into the hallway. hurries out of bed and follows her.
16) 43) dialog: Mom what's going on?
16) 45) dialog: Mom! Wait!
16) 49) text: Eli can feel something off. Mom is acting weird. He approaches the decontamination chamber threshold, does want to cross it.
16) 50) dialog: (scared) Please tell me what’s going on.
16) 52) dialog: Mom...? Suddenly, THE DOOR BEHIND ELI SWINGS SHUT, knocking him i the DECONTAMINATION CHAMBER. Eli falls forward. He looks up and we can finally see that it isn’t Mom at a in there with him. It’s A LONG HAIRED WOMAN. Her gaunt fa is locked in a horrified expression. Eli SCREAMS, scrambles off the ground and tries to open t door back into the house. It’s locked, he doesn’t know th code. He BANGS on the door as hard as he can.
16) 53) dialog: Help! Help! Mom, Dad, please help! The door to the outside slowly opens. A sliver of moonlig like a laser beam cuts through the darkness.
16) 54) text: The wheezing starts. His throat closes up. He’s having trouble taking in oxygen. He spots his Germ-Suit hanging on the wall. Forces himsel move for it. Inside his blood feels like cement, every movement is a trial in and of itself. The door opens wider. Eli can see the outside world: the grass, the trees, the dust - the death. He tries to get t suit down, but in his panic he can’t get it off the hange His face grows bright red, he can hardly breathe. He fina gets the suit down. He looks back at the door. It’s openi wider and wider, almost all the way open now. He collapses trying to pull his legs into the suit. His oxygen is completely cut off. No more wheezing, just an o mouthed gasp, a vacuum within his lunges. He’s seconds fr passing out when.... 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
16) 57) text: Eli sucks in clean air as he lies on his back. He sees hi savior, Dr. Horn, hovering over him, frantic and bewilder
17) 0) text: WE'RE IN ELI’S POV: Everything is still foggy, a minor bl of consciousness...
17) 13) dialog: (weakly) Mom? Dad? The adults wipe their faces of emotion, almost like they’ coming in and out of different characters. Mom goes to El
17) 15) dialog: We have to go. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
17) 19) dialog: We have to leave now. Mom and Dad look to Dr. Horn confused, why is he saying t
17) 21) dialog: This house...
17) 24) dialog: Better. Mom and Dad breathe a sigh of relief.
17) 26) dialog: Mom came into my room while I was sleeping. She said we had to leave. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
17) 31) dialog: I know. It was the house pretending to be her. Mom looks at Eli incredulously.
17) 34) dialog: There’s something wrong with this place. I think...I think the house is haunted.
17) 36) dialog: It used to be just the stuff from my dreams but now I’m seeing people, like that kid, and the woman that pretended to be Mom. Mom puts a gentle hand on him.
17) 39) dialog: They're trying to hurt me, Mom! You have to believe me.
17) 42) text: Eli balls his hand into a fist.
17) 43) dialog: You're not listening to me!
17) 47) dialog: You do?
17) 49) dialog: But it feels so real.
17) 51) dialog: But... (realizes) How did I get out of the house then? Dr. Horn answers without wavering.
17) 54) text: She smiles, but Eli doesn’t find much cheery about it. He turns his attention to Mom and Dad.
17) 55) dialog: It was real. I’m telling you the truth, you have to believe me.
17) 57) dialog: The others patients! They must’ve seen stuff too!
17) 62) dialog: If I tell you something, you promise not to laugh? 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
17) 66) dialog: I think this house is haunted. Haley's reaction doesn’t change, but she utters:
17) 68) dialog: You said you wouldn’t laugh!
17) 70) dialog: (shocked) What?!
17) 72) dialog: What did he tell you?
17) 74) dialog: What about me? Do you believe me? Haley takes a beat, really thinks about her answer. It’s actually quite adorable. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
17) 78) dialog: I wish it was that easy to convince the people in this house. Dr. Horn said I was hallucinating.
17) 80) dialog: So if he told Dr. Horn too, that means...
18) 1) dialog: -.-she’s a liar! Eli ardently talks to Mom and Dad. They’re trying to rema calm while Eli goes to town.
18) 3) dialog: But she is! Perry, he was the patient here before me and he saw ghosts too. Haley told me!
18) 5) dialog: No! Why aren’t you listening to me?! Eli's starting to unspool. He balls his hands into fists again. Mom and Dad try to take him back from the edge. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
18) 9) dialog: No! Eli SLAMS his fist down onto the glass coffee table with rage. The glass tabletop shatters. Eli stands there amidst the broken glass, unable to move shock. Dad snatches him up, panicked. Looks at his hand. just SCREAMS bloody murder. INT. ELI’S ROOM - BED - NIGHT Dr. Horn examines Eli’s hand while he’s in bed. There’s n mark on it.
18) 11) dialog: I didn’t mean to. It just...happened.
18) 14) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) Good. Now get some rest. Tomorrow we have another treatment and I want you to be as strong as possible. Dr. Horn smiles at Eli as she gets up, but it seems to be more strained smile than before, like she’s feigning. Mom hugs Eli as tight as she can.
18) 17) dialog: Love you guys too. They shut the door and leave Eli alone. From out in the hallway, Eli can hear their muffled arguments. INT. ELI’S BATHROOM - NIGHT CLOSE ON: THE SLEEPING PILL drops into the toilet bowl. Eli stares down at it with disdain. He never took it. He flushes the toilet, the pill swirls down the drain.
19) 0) text: Eli sneaks down the hallway, on a mission. He hears the adults’ voices coming from the kitchen. Dad sounds on edge.
19) 16) text: Eli stares at the picture, his mind someplace else... The Ghosts slither underneath Eli's bed and disappear. Suddenly, there’s a BUMP underneath Eli’s bed. It startle him. His pulse begins to race. He bends over the bed, loo down, but it’s too dark to see anything. He uses the iPad next to him like a flashlight and with b breath, peers underneath his bed. There's nothing there. The light shines clear through to other side. Eli lifts himself back up onto the bed, still spooked, still unsure. The bed shudders hard. Eli clamps down onto the comforter The iPad falls to the floor, flashlight pointing up. CLOSE ON: The legs of the bed frame. They lift straight o the ground. Eli feels it, holds onto the comforter as if it provides sort of stability. The bed rises further up: six inches o the ground...a foot...a foot and half... 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
19) 18) text: Eli knows it’s time to move. He focuses in on the door - exit. Leaps off the bed and races for the door. He swings the door wide and standing before him is the YO BOY. The same boy we caught a glimpse of entering the computer room, but now we see him in full view. He’s no o than Eli, his stringy blonde hair hangs off the Dead Boy’ face, which is locked in a pained expression.
19) 19) text: Eli startles so bad he falls to the floor. The Dead Boy advances on him, Eli scrambles backwards. The Dead Boy keeps coming, his eyes little black abysses burrowed into a colorless face. Eli keeps moving back whe suddenly The Dead Boy stops, looks up. Eli realizes with a sinking feeling what The Dead Boy is looking at...the bed floats a few feet above his head.
19) 20) text: There’s not even a second for Eli to move out of the way before the bed comes crashing to the floor. Silence. The room is still, no ghosts, no movement whatsoever. Is Eli a goner...?
19) 21) text: No. UNDERNEATH THE BED we find Eli, lying flat on his bac the bottom of the bed frame mere inches away from his nos He turns to look -- one of the frame’s legs landed on top his iPad, smashing the screen but giving Eli the life sav inches he needed. Eli breathes for a beat, gathers himself, and notices something directly above him... Etched into a wooden slat above him is a crudely written number: 5-1-6-6...
19) 22) text: INT. ELI’S ROOM - DAY Eli stares out the window in deep thought. He hasn’t slep The door opens...
19) 28) dialog: It was... Eli trails off, holds a beat, debating whether or not to her the truth. Then:
19) 29) dialog: -+.an accident. Mom’s not buying it.
20) 0) text: We’re in the midst of another gene treatment, this one lo as painful as the first. Eli’s on the medical bench, enti body locked up in excruciating pain.
20) 4) text: Dr. Horn stands beside Eli, empty syringe in her hand, watching him with interest, like one might look at a lab
20) 7) dialog: Thanks for checking.
20) 9) dialog: She called us. Eli and Haley let that sink in a moment before Eli contin
20) 10) dialog: I think I figured out what those numbers hidden under my bed are. It’s a code.
20) 12) dialog: Dr. Horn’s wing. Haley ponders the sentiment, then:
20) 14) dialog: I’m going to see if it works. Tonight, after everyone goes to sleep. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
20) 18) dialog: What are you doing?
20) 21) dialog: I’m going. Haley rubs the sleep out of her eyes, gets serious as Eli stands to leave.
21) 0) text: It’s dark on the staircase, Eli uses a flashlight to see. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
21) 2) text: He creeps up the stairs, careful not to make too much noi INT. THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY/OUTSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT He reaches the top of the staircase. Even darker here. Eli finds Dr. Horn’s door with the light, moves towards i He takes a deep breath, hovers over the keypad. If the co is right, this changes everything. He enters the code slowly: 5...1...6...6. The split secon before the light goes from red to green feels like an eternity. But the code works, the surprise shows on his f The door audibly unlocks - loud in the silence. Eli freez Now what? Eli hesitates a beat, does he dare enter? Yes. gently pulls open the door and enters Dr. Horn’s Wing. INT. INSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Eli very quietly shuts the door. He looks around. He shines the light into the library, nothing in there bu lot of bookshelves. Dr. Horn’s room is shut, but the Exam Room door is open. Eli holds here for a moment, shines the flashlight on Dr. Horn’s room, wonders if Dr. Horn might still be awake ins It’s too late for that now though, he’s already here. He enters the patient’s room, and shuts the door behind h WE HOLD on Dr. Horn’s door. From beneath the door frame W SEE _a light turn on.
22) 0) text: Eli shines the flashlight around the room. Although we’ve seen it before, it’s menacing in the darkness. There’s a medical cabinet close by, Eli opens it. There’s usual first aid supplies, various medical instruments, so pill bottles, but nothing that would help Eli. Finally, at the far end of the room, Eli reaches Dr. Horn desk. He scans the flashlight over it. Time to check the drawers. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
22) 2) text: He tries the top two smaller drawers of the desk but ther nothing there but various office materials. He tries the larger left bottom drawer. It’s empty. Finally, Eli tries the last drawer, but when he pulls on it won’t open. He tries again, still nothing. He shines his flashlight on the side of the drawer and discovers a lock. Eli scans the surface of the desk with the flashlight, searching for the key. It’s not there, and Dr. Horn would be foolish enough to leave it anywhere Eli could get to i But something inside a pen container reflects the light o Eli's flashlight. It’s a letter opener. He removes it, examines the tip, the wheels in his head spinning. He examines the lock again. It’s cheap, came with the des and made to fit one of those thin metal keys. Eli takes the letter opener and inserts it slowly into th keyhole until it stops. He tries to twist, but nothing happens. He readjusts the letter opener, pulling it out slightly and tries again. This time, wouldn’t you know it, the lock gives. He tries the drawer and it opens smoothly. Eli smiles, qu pleased with himself. Inside the drawer is a hanging file cabinet. He pulls out first file. It’s a manila folder with his name written on He opens the folder, flips through it. Lots of handwritte notes, most of them written in doctor’s chicken-scratch. impossible to read, except for the headings, which can be made out clearly.
22) 3) dialog: (reading) Treatment One....Treatment 2....Treatment 3... He reaches the end, and the last page contains a typed document listing Eli’s specs: hair, weight, eye color, et There's a_ small photo of him stapled to the corner.
22) 4) text: Eli goes back into the drawer for more, but Eli’s folder the only thing there.
22) 5) dialog: Where are the rest of them? 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
22) 7) text: There’s a strange noise from the other side of the room. whirls around, shines his flashlight at the source. There nothing there. Eli’s about to turn back around when... A HAND REACHES UP FROM THE OPEN DRAWER AND GRABS HIM! Eli SCREAMS, his whole body lurches forward off balance, fall into the open drawer.
22) 8) text: Something beneath his hand shifts inside the drawer and E hits something solid. He pulls his hand out from the draw and gathers himself. There’s no one else there. He looks back inside the drawer and realizes the drawer h false bottom. He moves the false bottom away to reveal another stack of folders. Eli pulls the stack out and lays them on the desk. The to folder is labeled “PERRY HENDERSON.” He opens it up. More illegible chicken scratch except for the headings: ELI (CONT’D) (reading) Treatment One...Treatment Four. He flips to the last page, the specs page. His eyes go wide... The photo is Perry. And Perry is The Dead Boy that’s been haunting him.
22) 9) text: He quickly flips through the other folders. WE SEE THE PICTURES OF THE PATIENTS, three of them have turned up as ghosts so far: HELENA (The Long Haired Woman), VICTOR (Th Elderly Man) and HARRIS (The Bald Man). There's a noise from outside the door. But this isn’t the noise of a ghost -- it’s the sound of Dr. Horn opening he bedroom door! She must've heard Eli scream.
22) 10) text: It startles Eli. The folders slip out of his hands, spill onto the floor. WE HEAR her FOOTSTEPS coming towards the room - THUMP, TH THUMP, THUMP... Eli scrambles into action. He rushes to pick up the folde ...THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP... He tries to remember which order they were in. Arranges t ...THUMP, THUMP, THUMP, THUMP... 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
22) 12) text: Eli drops the folders into the desk. Shuts the drawer qui but quickly. Looks for a hiding spot.
22) 15) text: DR. HORN (CONT’D) If you’re in here, Eli, it’s okay. I won't be mad. Eli very deliberately grabs onto the letter opener and tw to lock it. He barely snatches the letter opener back in before Dr. Horn is at the desk. Without bending over, she reaches down and tries that ver drawer. Eli tenses, certain she’s going to spot him... But the drawer doesn’t budge, apparently satisfying Dr. H She turns to leave without more fuss and turns the light on her way out. She leaves Eli, panting in the darkness underneath her de
22) 16) dialog: The Ghosts are her patients. INT. ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT Eli paces anxiously around the room. Haley listens rapturously. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
22) 20) dialog: The treatments. I saw Perry had four of them. Same with the others. That must mean the fourth one kills.
22) 22) dialog: Today was my third.
22) 24) dialog: I don’t think it ever was. But still...I can’t yet.
22) 26) dialog: It’s not exactly like I can just walk out of here, Haley. Think about it.
22) 28) dialog: I already tried that, remember?! 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
22) 32) dialog: I’m sorry.
22) 34) dialog: But look at it like this. My parents trust Dr. Horn, and they don’t believe me about The Ghosts. Even if I told them what I told you, Dr. Horn could just deny it. They wouldn’t listen to me. It might even make things worse. Haley takes a moment to calm down herself. Eli’s reasonin does make sense. She sighs, defeated. Eli moves towards the window, gets as close as he can, no longer frightened by the potential danger outside, and lo Haley dead in the eyes.
22) 35) dialog: But if I had proof, something I can show my parents that Dr. Horn can’t deny, then they’d have to believe me.
22) 37) dialog: The Ghosts. I wait for them to come back, and hopefully they’1l give me another sign.
22) 41) dialog: For now it’s all I got.
22) 43) dialog: I have three days until the fourth treatment. Haley shakes her head in disbelief.
22) 45) dialog: (shakes his head) Nope. (then) I can do this. I know it. Haley puts her open hand on the glass, Eli does the same. It’s the closest they can get to any physicality.
23) 0) text: Eli, Mom and Dad eat breakfast. Eli’s got big bags under eyes from not sleeping, and he still looks sickly and pal He’s not touching his food.
23) 2) dialog: I’m not hungry. Mom and Dad shoot each other concerned glances, as they’r wont to do.
23) 5) text: Eli looks up from his food, at Mom and Dad, their worried faces looking back at him. He wants to tell them what he knows, but he can’t. Not yet. He tries another strategy:
23) 6) dialog: Can we just leave here? We can go back to St. Louis. Mom and Dad look shocked.
23) 8) dialog: Please?
23) 10) dialog: (yells) No! The sudden outburst surprises Mom and Dad. Eli reels it b
23) 11) dialog: I mean, I’1l eat. Eli unceremoniously spoons the grey oatmeal into his mout chokes it down. INT. ELI’S ROOM - AFTERNOON The drapes are drawn and the light is off, so the room is totally dark. Eli sits crosslegged in bed, stares blankly into the darkness of the room, his eyes glazed over, lost He’s waiting for a sign from The Ghosts. The door opens up, Eli comes out of his trance, hoping it ghost. But it’s only Mom.
23) 16) dialog: I’m busy.
23) 18) dialog: No! Shut them off! Go away!
23) 20) dialog: I said I’m busy! Mom shuts the lights off. Eli turns back towards the dark once again, status quo again.
23) 23) dialog: (to himself) It’s okay. They don’t want to hurt you. Another noise, from above him. Eli whips the light toward the sound and illuminates A GHOST crawling on the ceiling
23) 25) text: Eli gasps, startled. His hand shakes with fear, but he doesn’t run. The Ghost retreats from the flashlight beam a cockroach, scuttles into the closet. The door SLAMS shu He keeps the quivering beam trained on the closet door, w for something to happen...but nothing does. He’s going to have to open the door himself. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
23) 27) text: Eli takes a few deep breathes, a futile attempt to calm himself, and goes to the door.
23) 28) dialog: Hello? There’s no response, as if Eli ever expected one. With a shaky hand, he places his hand on the doorknob, holds it there, still unsure. He tenses up his hand, ready to swin the door wide when... SKREEK! The sound of something heavy moving across the fl behind him. Eli whirls around, shines the flashlight onto the bookcas It’s been moved, about six inches away from the wall. Eli steps towards it... SKREEK! It MOVES again, this time in full view of Eli. He jumps back, surprised. The bookcase begins to rattle. It’s a heavy wooden bookcase, the power with which it sha is intimidating. Books begin to fall from the shelves. El has to stand back, the bookcase rocks more violently now. The shelves are empty of books now, the last ones crashin the floor, and with one final shutter it tips over. It la facedown with a HEARTY THUD. Eli doesn’t know what to do at first, waits for something more to happen. Nothing does. He shines his light over th fallen bookcase and realizes: ELI (CONT’D) Is this...are you trying to tell me something? He checks everywhere, on the wall where the bookcase used be, on the back of the bookcase, even at the books that f Nothing seems to give him any leads.
23) 29) dialog: There’s nothing here. (angrier) There’s nothing here! Eli absentmindedly shines his flashlight across the room standing right next to him is Perry, The Dead-Boy Ghost! Horn’s other now deceased patients are standing behind Pe Eli screams, falls backwards. The Ghosts stand still, but in_unison they point their fingers towards the ceiling. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
23) 31) text: Something GRABS him! He SCREAMS, swings his arms wildly. CONNECTS with something solid. There’s an AUDIBLE GASP in front of him in the darkness. The lights go on. And all of a sudden Eli’s looking at his own Mom, hunched over in pain, holding her lip. Eli's aghast, stunned.
23) 32) dialog: Mom? I...I didn’t... Mom rubs her cheek, in shock more than anything. Dad angr steps forward.
23) 36) dialog: No! I don’t need to see her I’m fine!
24) 0) text: Eli stands in the corner, behind a worried looking Mom an Dad. He uses them as a barrier between himself and Dr. Ho
24) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, I’m just tired. Can’t I just go back to bed? 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
24) 6) dialog: No! He forces Mom and Dad closer together, too scared to even Dr. Horn look at him.
25) 0) text: Eli slips into the library, constantly watching his back. There’s no door so there’s no way of concealing what he’s doing. He immediately goes to THE OAK DESK located in the corner the room. He had luck with the last desk he tried, so why again here. There’s nothing on the surface of the desk except a desk and some meaningless knickknacks. He tries the drawers: one...two...three...four...they’re all empty, they’re all unlocked, and there’s no false bottoms. There are no secr to be found here. He turns his attention to the bookcases. He’s growing ant He doesn’t know what to look for, and time is of the esse The door to the exam room is still shut, so his parents haven't left yet. But they could open it up any second. Eli walks the perimeter of the bookcases, scanning the bo looking for anything unusual. But it’s all just old medic texts and publications. He balls his hands up into fists, his unease turning into frustration. He moves along the bookcases faster, searchi searching. He talks to himself, but also perhaps, The Ghosts.
25) 1) dialog: (angry) What am I supposed to find? Maybe it’s the bookcases themselves! He goes to the one o the end and examines it with a close eye. He looks at the bottom, the top, he tries to pry the bookcase away from t wall, but it’s too heavy.
25) 2) dialog: Come on. There has to be something. Eli’s downright manic at this point, exasperated. He star to pull at the books on the shelves, perhaps hoping to fi some super villan-esque revolving door. He finds nothing. He starts tearing down the books off th shelves, no longer caring about making noise, or a mess, being caught. He yells: 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
25) 5) dialog: You were supposed to help me!
25) 9) dialog: No! Put me down! Dad carries a flailing Eli over his shoulder.
25) 11) dialog: Don’t let her do it! Stop! As Eli tries to fight his way from entering The Exam Room sees something that suddenly stops him in his tracks. It’s DR. HORN’S BEDROOM DOOR, it’s open just enough to se inside. And in the brief moment before Dad strong-arms him into T Exam Room, he sees something... THE GHOST BOY (Perry), inside Dr. Horn’s room, pointing a object Eli can’t see. It’s a message.
25) 13) text: Eli understands. He was looking in the wrong room.
26) 4) dialog: Let me go!
26) 6) dialog: No! Let me go! Eli flails with everything he’s got. Dad can barely hold
26) 12) dialog: (out of breath) No...please...she wants to...kill me! But it’s too late. Dr. Horn’s inches away from his arm wi the needle. Eli has to do something, it’s now or never. He does the only thing he can. He bites down hard onto Da arm. Dad SCREAMS in surprise and pain, draws back, freein Eli. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
26) 14) text: Eli lunges forward, SHOVES Dr. Horn with all his strength Dr. Horn careens backwards, smashes into her desk. The syringe flies out of her hands, breaks. More importantly, THE ENTIRE BOTTLE of the clear liquid f off the desk and shatters on the floor. Eli stands in the room, his adrenaline pumping, panting l a wild animal.
26) 22) text: The conversation continues but Eli doesn’t need to hear i anymore. His whole plan, dashed to pieces with the change four simple numbers.
26) 24) dialog: Haley, forget it. She changed the code. There’s nothing I can do.
26) 26) dialog: I can’t think. I just want to go to sleep.
26) 28) dialog: We?! What do you mean, we?! Eli’s never been this aggressive with Haley. He looks cra threatening; it spooks Haley.
26) 30) dialog: I’m going to die in here, Haley. Just like all the others. And you're going to still be out there catching tadpoles.
26) 33) text: Haley’s trying to fight back tears at this point. Eli doe care, he’s lost all semblance of self control.
26) 34) dialog: Why don’t you just get out of here? I never asked for your help, and I don’t want it now. So just leave me alone and let me DIE! Haley bursts into tears. She turns her back on Eli so he can’t see her cry. And suddenly, Eli sees not a tough country girl before hi but a sad, scared kid, like himself. Which is probably wh she’s been all along. It sucks his anger away like a vacuum.
26) 35) dialog: Haley, I’m sorry. Don’t cry. I didn’t mean it. I don’t know why I said that stuff. It’s like I don’t even feel like myself anymore. After a few more sniffles, Haley manages to get herself b together. She turns to face him.
26) 37) dialog: What should I do, Haley? I can’t be in this house another second.
26) 39) dialog: Yeah, but that’s because The Ghosts helped--- Eli cuts himself off. Whatever he realized, Haley did too
27) 0) text: Eli creeps through the hallway. It’s dark, and he doesn’t dare turn on the light. He’s got his flashlight with him. Listens for the sound of Mom and Dad. It’s all quiet. The coast is clear. He heads for the stairs.
28) 0) text: The kitchen light is on and Eli stops beside the doorway. someone’s in there, he might be spotted. He peers inside. And there’s DAD, sitting at the kitchen table, staying wa But, something looks odd. Eli realizes, HE’S ASLEEP. As long as Eli’s quiet enough, he should be able to get p Dad no problem. He moves. INT. OUTSIDE MOM AND DAD’S BEDROOM —- SECOND FLOOR - NIGH Eli very quietly puts his ear up to Mom and Dad’s door, listens in. No sounds from within. Mom must be asleep too He makes his move up to Dr. Horn’s wing. INT. THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY/OUTSIDE DR. HORN’S WING - NIGHT The RED LIGHT on the keypad stands out in the darkness. Eli stands at the door. He doesn’t really know how to beg He looks towards the ceiling, like that’1l help.
28) 1) dialog: Um, it’s Eli. I need your help. I need you to unlock the door. Eli stares at the red light, waiting for it to go green. doesn’t. Eli tries again, more conviction this time:
28) 2) dialog: I don’t know if you can hear me, but I really, really need you to open the door. Still just red light. Eli closes his eyes, one final try. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
28) 5) dialog: If I can’t get in here, I’m going to die. So please, I’m going to open my eyes, and please let this light be green. This is my last chance. Please-- THE GHOST BOY (Perry) passes in FRONT OF FRAME, practical blur. Eli doesn’t see it because his eyes are closed. But he opens them now... And the light is green. Eli could cry he’s so happy. But there’s no time for that. He quietly opens the door... The Ghost Boy (Perry), stands motionless on the other end Eli doesn’t move, fear and excitement coursing through hi After all, there’s a dead child standing before him, frie or not. INT. DR. HORN’S ROOM - NIGHT Dr. Horn’s room is tiny, even in the darkness Eli can tel He stands in the door, shines the flashlight around: the place is bare, frightfully so. Like someplace a squatter might sleep, or a crazy person. In place of a bed there’s an army style cot, nothing more than a sheet for a blanket. THE HOLY BIBLE lies on top. And so far, that’s the only thing in the place...until El shines his light on a_lone bookcase against a wall. The bookcase is completely empty, and Eli examines it mor closely with the light. He uses the underside of an empty shelf to lift the entire thing. It’s heavy but not bad, a he moves the bookcase a few feet over to the right. When he steps away, what he sees shocks him... Behind the bookcase is a dark hallway, a black abyss that begs to be left alone, to turn away from and never look b
28) 6) text: A Ghost (Perry, again) stands at the other end of the sec hallway, in front of a door, a big red symbol painted on we can’t make out. It doesn’t startle Eli this time. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
29) 0) text: Eli enters the hallway, towards the door. When he gets cl enough he can make out the symbol. It’s a_snake, coiled i circle, devouring it’s own tail. The technical term is OUROBORUS, but Eli doesn’t know that.
29) 1) text: Eli's adrenaline skyrockets. This is it, this is what he meant to find. His heart is beating out of his chest. The sound of his quickened breaths echo in the hallway. Eli pushes the doo open slightly; speckles of dust dance about in the beam o his flashlight from within.
29) 2) text: He steps backwards, frightened, covers up his face with h hands, terrified to breath. He looks back out towards the hallway he came from; going out now would mean failure an certain death. He came too far to quit now. After a contemplative beat, Eli pushes his t-shirt over t bridge of his nose. It’s no hazmat suit, but it’1l have t do. He opens the door the rest of the way and enters.
30) 0) text: The room’s nothing but a big concrete square. There’s a b lightbulb hanging in the center of the room, Eli clicks i on. It casts an ugly yellow glow. Eli doesn’t need the flashlight anymore so he turns it of Ahead of him, painted on the floor, is a A LARGE OUROBORU Within the circle is a OLD WOODEN CHEST, about six feet l and four feet wide.
30) 1) dialog: Is this it? Is this what you wanted me to find? At first, it appears as though Eli is speaking to himself But Eli turns his head, THE CAMERA PANS WITH HIM, to REVE Perry standing next to him. Eli steps into the circle of The Ouroborus, looks back an Perry is gone. The chest is covered in dust. Eli grabs the handle with a outstretched hand, careful not get too close. He opens slowly, so as not to disturb the particles. CRRRRREEEAAK. The sound the old chest opening fills the r It’s open now, but Eli can’t see inside from where he is. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
30) 6) text: Beneath Perry's body are the bodies of the other patients most of them just skeletons by this point. There’s a NOISE behind Eli. It must be Perry. Eli turns.. But it isn’t Perry. Someone’s running after him. It’s got be Dr. Horn, but we can’t make our her face.
30) 9) dialog: I got you Dr. Horn! I--- Eli aims the flashlight at Dr. Horn’s face...and WE SEE i isn’t Dr. Horn at all...
30) 10) dialog: Mom? Almost impossibly, it’s MOM who’s running towards him. Th Eli into confusion. What’s she doing up here?
30) 12) dialog: Mom...what are you...? Mom stops at the door. Stares at Eli with a TEAR IN HER E
30) 15) dialog: Mom, it’s me! There’s dust everywhere, open the--- There’s an audible THUNK as the door locks from outside. Eli’s eyes go wide: what the hell is going on? He tugs at the door with all his might, pounds on it. The shirt falls from his face, leaving him completely unprotected. With each panicked breath he inhales the dus billowing off the door and permeating the air.
30) 16) dialog: Please, let me out! Mom, please! 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
30) 19) dialog: (gasping) Mom...help...can’t...breath... FROM OUTSIDE: Eli HEARS more footsteps. Dad.
30) 21) dialog: Dad! Help...I’m...trapped...dust... But there’s no help. Instead he HEARS:
31) 0) text: Eli comes to on the floor, his face directly on the dust covered cement. He picks his head up, and there’s a large streak of dust covering the side of his face. Yet, he can breathe just fine. He stands up, inhales deep No problems at all. He tries the door again, still locked He looks around again, this room that earlier was his esc plan has now become his cage. FROM OUTSIDE, he HEARS the bookcase door opening, footste His breath quickens, he creates distance between himself the door. The footsteps get louder until they stop outside his door BEAT, then:
31) 3) dialog: Mom...Why are you doing this? There’s a LONG BEAT, then:
31) 5) dialog: But...I’m not sick, am I? More silence from outside the room. Eli stands at attenti now, his fear diminishing, but his rage building.
31) 6) dialog: I’ve never been sick. You lied to me. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
31) 10) dialog: Everything you told me was a lie. Why did you lie to me? Why did you take me away from my friends and lock me up in here? Why did you make me think I was going to die?! Why are you trying to KILL ME?! Eli grabs onto the door in a furious rage and pulls with his might. It rattles mightily but it’s not going to open
31) 11) dialog: 
32) 0) text: Eli sits with his back against the wall. He’s drawing a c picture of Haley in the dust on the floor with his finger
32) 1) dialog: I should've listened to her. I should've just left. He rubs the picture out with his hand.
32) 2) dialog: But now I’m going to end up just like you. Again, WE REVEAL Eli's talking to Perry, along with the r of The Ghosts. In an odd way, they almost look like frien
32) 3) dialog: Were your parents in on it too? Did they trick you like they tricked me? Eli gets up, goes to the wooden chest. Opens it up. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
32) 6) dialog: I guess you can’t get me out of here huh? Eli looks back at Perry and The Ghosts. They’re perched j around the border of the Ouroborus. Eli looks down at his feet, understands the symbol acts as some sort of boundar He shines his flashlight down into the chest, illuminates those corpses. All those bones. It gives Eli an idea.
33) 0) text: Eli nervously paces back and forth. HE HEARS the bookcase move, shuffling footsteps approaching. He quickly opens up the chest, then hurries towards a spo the wall near the door. He lays down with his back against the wall, making it lo like he’s passed out. The footsteps stop. Dr. Horn’s voice calls out from behind the door.
33) 4) text: He grabs her wrist and pulls her towards him, with his ot hand HE SWINGS something oblong toward her head. He conne there’s an audible THUD, and Dr. Horn stumbles backwards. Eli rises, we see what’s in his hand. It’s A FEMUR BONE t from one of Dr. Horn’s victims. He goes at her again, str her across the face. Dr. Horn crumbles to the ground, unconscious. Blood flows from out of her hair line and beings to pool on the groun Eli doesn’t wait around to see if she’1ll get up.
34) 0) text: Eli bolts down the staircase as fast as he can. He’s maki haste, but he’s noisy. Mom opens her door, spots him.
35) 0) text: Eli reaches the bottom of the steps and makes a bee-line THE FRONT DOOR. The door unlocks (The Ghosts doing) and o slightly. With freedom in sight, Eli pushes himself harder, puts it into fifth gear. He reaches the door, he’s almost out of there. He grabs for the handle when... Dad grabs him from behind, wraps him up, pulls him away s that they’ve reversed positions. Dad now blocks his path the door. Eli's wild eyed, panting hard. The bone-club he holds mak him look like a caveman. Dad talks calmly, but his eyes betray that emotion. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
35) 4) dialog: You better look out. Dad doesn’t understand what he’s talking about it.
36) 0) text: Eli breaks down the hallway. Dad’s back up, chasing him. As Eli runs, objects get swept up in his wake, come crash down as obstacles in Dad's path. To Dad, it looks like these things are happening on their own. But from Eli’s perspective, it’s The Ghosts helping Eli navigates down the hallway, he can see his room. The is closed but Perry’s there. He opens the door for Eli. INT. ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Eli bursts in his room. Perry slams the door shut. Eli ru straight for the window. He can see Haley’s tent set up outside. But that’s not his concern at the moment. Using the momentum behind his run, Eli BASHES the window his bone-club as hard as he can. The window absorbs most of the hit, leaving only a small spidery dent in the plastic. Behind him, Eli’s dresser crashes to the floor, blocks th door. Eli continues to smash the window with the heavy bone but he’s making little headway. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
36) 2) text: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Dad pushes on the door but it won't budge.
36) 5) dialog: It won’t break! I can’t get out! INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Dad keeps trying the door. He puts his shoulder into it a it gives slightly. Mom comes racing to Dad’s side. She’s got Dr. Horn, who’s bleeding pretty badly from the head.
36) 10) text: The two of them push on the door with all their might. INT. ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Eli’s run out of steam. The window is spidered all over, it’s not broken, and there’s no way it’s going to. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
36) 14) dialog: They're going to get in, Haley. You need to go before they see you.
36) 16) dialog: I’m not sick. I never was. Everything’s been a lie, and my parents are in on it. They didn’t bring me here to fix me, they brought me here to kill me. Haley looks at Eli with big wet eyes. She’s speechless. BANG! The door slams again. This time, the dresser actual moves. Not long now.
36) 17) dialog: You have to go back home, Haley. Haley tries to give Eli her tough-girl routine. It doesn’ look so tough through tears, though.
36) 19) dialog: There’s nothing we can do now. Get your tent and go home. If they see you they’1l kill you too. BANG! The door slams again, moving the dresser even furth away. DAD'S HAND reaches through the space.
36) 24) dialog: (severely) You have to go.
36) 26) dialog: I said GO! Eli SMASHES the bone against the window as punctuation. I startles Haley, and for a moment, she’s frozen. But eventually, she turns tail and grabs her tent. She dashes away and disappears into the darkness. No trac her to be seen. Which is good, because suddenly Eli finds himself being lifted off his feet...
37) 1) dialog: Let go of me! Eli struggles against the weight of Dad as he holds him d on the medical bench. Dr. Horn finishes strapping him in.
37) 6) text: Eli struggles against the straps, but he can’t break free Dr. Horn goes to her desk, rummages around.
37) 7) dialog: Don’t do this. Please. (then) Please! Dr. Horn ignores him, which ignites Eli’s temper.
37) 8) dialog: You're crazy! Why are you doing this?! Dr. Horn stops what she’s doing. Breathes out a deep sigh She looks more exhausted than murderous. For the first time, she seems genuine, an odd time considering she’s getting ready to murder Eli.
37) 10) dialog: You're not trying to cure me. You've been poisoning me just like you did the others.
37) 12) dialog: I’m not sick! Dr. Horn turns her back on Eli again, goes back to what s was doing. We still don’t see what. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
37) 16) dialog: What are you talking about? Let me go! Finally, Dr. Horn turns around, AN OPEN BIBLE in one hand SMALL CONTAINER OF LIQUID in the other. But the most surprising bit, are the tears in her eyes.
37) 20) text: She flings more acidic liquid onto him. He SCREAMS OUT on more as the liquid burns into his flesh. DR. HORN (CONT’D) May Holy Water purify the skin... She retreats back to her desk, the container of liquid no empty. Reaches for something else... DR. HORN (CONT’D) And this dagger purify the soul. Dr. Horn turns back around. This time she carries A CRUDE LOOKING DAGGER, like something out of ancient times. Upon seeing that, Eli manages to dredge up more strength, more energy to fight his restraints. Except...nothing. DR. HORN (CONT’D) You are of your father the devil, and your will is to do your father's desires. Let God’s hand, by my hand, send The Devil’s servants back, back into the sulphur lake from which they were born. She raises the dagger above her head, preparing to strike Eli's eyes go wide, abject terror in his face. This is it Dr. Horn closes her eyes, bends her head, appears to say something not written within the bible. DR. HORN (CONT’D) Grant this boy your forgiveness lord. He knows not what he’s done. She brings the knife down, right into Eli’s heart... But_her hand freezes, the knife does not pierce Eli’s ski His right hand has broken free of the straps. He’s GRIPPI onto Dr. Horn’s wrist. She can’t break free of his grasp. This is not the normal power of an eleven year old. Dr. Horn stares wide-eyed at Eli. He has a confused look his face, as if he isn’t sure what’s happening. Like some dropped blood in the ocean, Eli’s eyes turn from bright b to dark red. DR. HORN (CONT’D) God, no. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
37) 22) text: Eli looks up at Dr. Horn, no longer confused.
37) 23) dialog: You were right, Dr. Horn. Eli’s voice is calm and knowing, with the timbre of someo far older, very different from the Eli moments ago.
37) 24) dialog: This house was never haunted. It was never a problem... The rest of the straps momentarily BURST INTO FLAME then extinguish, leaving Eli free of his bounds.
37) 25) dialog: -.-It’s been me the whole time. I’m the problem.
37) 28) text: Dr. Horn tries to crawl away but Eli easily catches her a grips her around the throat. Easily lifts her into the ai He stares at her like she’s a subject to be studied. Suddenly, we're more afraid of Eli than Dr. Horn.
37) 29) dialog: You should've killed me sooner. Dr. Horn’s face grows red as her esophagus closes off. Sh crawls at his hand with her good arm, but she can’t pry h fingers away. Behind Eli, the FIRE RAGES. His shadow looms, bigger than ever should be. Dad bursts into the room, the door finally opening from o too many shoulder charges. It doesn’t affect Eli. He casu looks at them. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
37) 33) dialog: But I want to.
37) 36) dialog: What am I?
37) 38) dialog: No. Tell me the truth! As Eli gets angrier the fire behind him grows. Mom drops to her knees. Dad holds her.
37) 41) dialog: I got sick.
37) 47) dialog: Prayed to who? Mom and Dad don’t respond.
37) 48) dialog: To who?! The FIRE ROARS behind Eli again, and that’s all the answe need. It’s not God that likes fire.
38) 2) text: TODDLER ELI (4) walks up to A SLEEPING DOG in his backyar THIS IS ELI’S NIGHTMARE. NOT A NIGHTMARE AT ALL, BUT A MEMORY. Toddler Eli reaches out for the dog, but it SNAPS at him, just like the dream. Toddler Eli’s eyes turn RED, he grabs the dog by the head We HOLD THE FRAME ON Toddler Eli’s red eyes, but WE HEAR sudden WHIMPER of the dog, and the crisp, clear CRACK of breaking its neck. Mom sits up suddenly, takes off her sunglasses and stares Eli. He looks back at her, smiling, the dead dog in his a
38) 3) text: Mom’s mouth opens wide, A SILENT SCREAM... INT. DR. HORN’S WING HALLWAY - BACK TO PRESENT Eli moves forward on Mom and Dad, backing them into the hallway. The fire moving with them, all of it a part of E Mom looks at Eli with big, wet, pleading eyes. 8FLiX.com SCREENPLAY DATABASE
39) 4) dialog: But she couldn't. Mom finally gets the courage to stand. She takes Eli’s ha He doesn’t try to stop her.
39) 8) text: Dad stands too, takes Eli’s other hand.
40) 0) text: The front door opens, and Eli steps outside. The house bu down behind him. He takes a moment, breathes in the fresh air.
40) 3) text: Eli looks. Haley is waiting for him ahead. There are no police, no adults, just Haley, looking different somehow. He isn’t the least surprised. She stands to greet him. He stops ahead of her, like ther still a window between them. From look at them now, one w never guess Eli just killed three people.
40) 4) dialog: Hi.
40) 7) dialog: So you're like me?
40) 9) dialog: Will I get to meet him?
40) 11) dialog: Good, actually.
40) 13) dialog: Why didn’t you just come in?
40) 19) dialog: Who are...? Eli gestures to the front yard. WE REVEAL an entire yard of ghosts, all watching Eli and Haley, like patient dogs.
40) 24) text: Eli doesn’t react.