0) 0) text: Royal sits at the head of a long table. He is surrounded his children. Chas is twelve, with curly hair, dressed in a black suit tie. Margot is ten, with a barrette in her hair, wearing knitted LaCoste dress and penny loafers. Richie is eight, with long hair, parted on the side, dressed in a Bjorn Bo style tennis outfit with a headband. Chas wears a blank expression, Margot looks as if she is about to cry, and Richie has tears all over his face.
0) 5) dialog: (pointedly) Do you still love Mom? (CONTINUED)
0) 12) dialog: Well, she says --
0) 16) text: Richie sits on her lap reading an Atlas of the World. Mar sits on a foot-stool reading The Cherry Orchard. Chas sta in the doorway with a slip of blue paper in his hand.
0) 19) dialog: I need $187.
0) 26) dialog: The gentleman in the blue cardigan, please. (CONTINUED)
0) 29) dialog: Go ahead. INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM. DAY. Chas’ room looks like a businessman’s office, except very small and has bunk beds. There is a desk with an App II computer and an electric coffee pot on it. There is a water cooler in the corner, with a paper cup dispenser. Chas stands talking on the telephone while Etheline bring his lunch on a tray.
0) 31) text: One of the boys is Richie, and the other has nearly-white blond hair. He is Eli. He wears Apache warpaint. Chas gets Richie in his sights.
0) 33) dialog: What are you doing? You’re on my team!
0) 58) dialog: What’d you think, Dad?
0) 60) text: Chas looks at Margot. She is silent. Royal says to Eli: ROYAL (CONT’D) Why are you wearing pajamas? Do you live here?
0) 62) dialog: Did you think the characters were --
0) 71) text: (The names of each of our characters and the names of the actors playing them appear over the following shots.) Royal Tenenbaum sits in a chair in his hotel suite with n shirt on and a towel wrapped around his face. A woman ina white apron lifts off the towel, and Royal looks in the mirror. He is now sixty-six, with grey hair, white at the temples, worn very long in the back. He is getting a faci and there are strips of blue cellophane covering his face The woman quickly peels them away and begins to massage h temples. Royal lights a cigarette at the end of a three-i holder. Etheline Tenenbaum draws eyeliner around her eyes in the dressing mirror. She is fifty-five and has long, black ha with one silver streak that runs through it. She wears a pink slip and a gold locket. The wall behind her is fille with portraits of tribesmen and native warriors from arou the world. She holds up a pair of prescription sunglasses and looks at herself. She lowers them and does her lipsti Chas Tenenbaum shaves in the locker room of a boxing gym. Steam fills the air. He is thirty-six and in top fighting condition. Ari and Uzi Tenenbaum are on either side of hi They are eight and ten. They are also shaving, but with n blades in their razors. All three have extremely curly bl hair. Margot Tenenbaum is at a hairdresser’s with three peopl working on her at once. She is thirty-four. Her hair is being dyed, and there are little clamps and bits of foil twisted into it. She is smoking a cigarette, and she blow puff of smoke as the hair dryer is lowered onto her head. She holds an open copy of a book of plays by George Berna Shaw. She has one fake finger made of wood. Eli Cash is in the fitting room of a clothing store havin white buckskin jacket with fringe taken in. A tailor pull at the hem of the jacket and sticks pins in the sleeves. tailor’s helper brings Eli a cup of tea and some cucumb sandwiches. Eli picks out a sandwich. A second helper han him a short-brimmed Stetson cowboy hat. He puts it on at angle and stares at himself. Releigh St. Clair brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush in a very small, white-tiled bathroom. He has full, gray beard and round glasses, and he is dressed in silk pajamas with white piping. He stops suddenly, picks a tape recorder off the edge of the sink, and excitedly dictates something into it. He puts the tape recorder bac on the sink and starts brushing his teeth again. (CONTINUED)
0) 134) dialog: Fire alarm! Ari! Uzi! lLet’s go! Look alive! Ari bolts out of the top bunk. He is shirtless and has on pajama bottoms. He puts on a pair of cleats and grabs the turtle out of the fish tank. Uzi sits up. He looks half asleep. Chas runs around the room, tipping over chairs an blasting the tape recorder. He looks to Uzi. He screams: CHAS (CONT’D) Uzi! Let’s go! INT. HALLWAY. NIGHT. Ari presses the button for the elevator and waits. The apartment is extremely large and spare. It looks like a museum.
0) 138) dialog: No elevators! There’s a fire! INT. STAIRWELL. NIGHT. They race down the stairs. Chas picks up Uzi. UZzI What about Buckley?
0) 139) dialog: You forgot him. Uzi starts to cry.
0) 143) dialog: Four minutes and forty-eight seconds. We’re all dead. Burned to a crisp. (CONTINUED)
0) 147) dialog: It doesn’t matter. Chas sits down on the sidewalk. Ari and Uzi look scared. The doorman watches uneasily from the lobby. INT. ETHELINE’S STUDY. DAY. The walls of Etheline’s study are filled with pre-Colum art and primitive tools and weapons. There are shelves fu of hundreds of bones and bits of pottery with little numb painted on them. There are stacks of National Geographics the floor. A human skeleton hangs on a stand in the corne
0) 189) dialog: Give us a hand, Pagoda. Pagoda frowns. He starts down the steps. INT. LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. There are twenty people at five card tables playing bridg Most of them are in their fifties and sixties. They look very distinguished. Etheline and Henry are among them. Chas, Ari, Uzi, Anwar and Pagoda come out of the hallway cross through the living room, struggling with all of the possessions. Pagoda carries the fish tank with the turtle it. Buckley follows them. The bridge players watch strangely as they pass. Chas loo back at them but keeps moving. Etheline hesitates.
0) 191) dialog: We got locked out of our apartment. Etheline seems confused.
0) 193) dialog: (hesitates) Uh-huh. (CONTINUED)
0) 197) dialog: It’s not safe over there. Silence. Etheline looks to her guests.
0) 200) dialog: The apartment. I have to get some new sprinklers and a back-up security system installed.
0) 202) dialog: Well, we might have to do something about that, too. Etheline looks concerned.
0) 204) dialog: Isn’t this great? It feels like we’re camping. Chas chuckles as he turns on his old electric tie rack. (CONTINUED)
0) 208) dialog: Who put that in here? There is a framed poster leading against the wall in the corner. It is a tennis-shoe advertisement with a picture Richie holding a trophy over his head, surrounded by a cheering crowd. A caption across the top says “The Baum Chas turns it around to face the wall. He kisses Ari and goodnight. CHAS (CONT’D) See you in the morning. Chas goes out the door. A moment later, he comes back in. CHAS (CONT’D) You know what? I’m going to sleep in here, and that way we can all be together. Chas spreads out a blanket on the floor and lies down. Uz comes and lies down next to him. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE. DAY. Royal sits on the edge of an examination table with white butcher paper on it. A young doctor on a rolling stool ta Royal’s blood pressure as they talk.
0) 273) dialog: His name’s Royal Tenenbaum.
0) 277) dialog: (hesitates) But now he’s really dying. INT. ELI’S TOWNHOUSE/MARGOT’S BATHROOM-DARKROOM. DAY. A third telephone conversation. Eli sits on a couch in fr of a painting of two men wearing ski masks riding a motorcycle chasing after a screaming girl in a bikini. He smokes a long, Moroccan-looking pipe. Margot talks on the telephone in her bathroom on Archer Avenue. There are thr bottles of developing chemicals and a photographic enlarg next to the sink.
0) 310) dialog: (yawning) How long are you going to last? Royal looks across the room at Chas. Chas does not look u from his atlas.
0) 312) dialog: A month? A year?
0) 316) dialog: No.
0) 318) dialog: I speak for myself.
0) 328) dialog: My wife.
0) 333) dialog: Why?
0) 335) dialog: I think we’1l pass. Chas walks away up the stairs. There is a clean square an hook on the wall in the stairwell, as if something has be removed. Royal frowns. He yells toward the kitchen:
1) 18) dialog: I wouldn’t know. Excuse me.
1) 61) dialog: Why’d you shoot me? Silence. Royal says quietly:
1) 63) dialog: No. We were on the same team.
1) 69) dialog: Because I started the corporation when I was a minor, so my father was the primary signatory on most of my accounts. Chas’ attorney whispers something into his ear. CHAS (CONT’D) He also stole bonds out of my safety deposit box when I was fourteen. The judge looks to Royal. Royal looks guilty.
1) 72) dialog: Why should I?
1) 149) dialog: I’m sorry. Maybe I’m a little confused. What are you suggesting?
1) 151) dialog: Are you out of your mind?
1) 153) dialog: Who gives a shit?
1) 155) dialog: You poor sucker. You poor, washed-up poppa’s boy. Henry puts his hand gently on Chas’ arm. (CONTINUED)
1) 159) dialog: Don’t get in the middle of this, Mr. Sherman. This is a family matter.
1) 162) dialog: I prefer Mr. Sherman.
1) 164) dialog: Why? I don’t know him that well.
1) 166) dialog: As your accountant, Mr. Sherman, yes.
1) 170) dialog: Uzi.
1) 174) dialog: It’s not your decision, goddammit.
1) 177) dialog: Get out.
1) 183) dialog: Are you OK? Royal takes the spoon out of his mouth.
1) 193) dialog: Can we move him?
1) 195) dialog: For how long?
1) 211) dialog: Lights out, old man. Chas turns out the light.
1) 213) dialog: Sorry. 11:30. Lights out.
1) 215) dialog: Have to finish it up in the morning. Them’s the rules. Silence. Royal says in a quiet, strangely upbeat voice in the darkness:
1) 217) dialog: Looks like you and Dad are back together again, huh?
1) 219) dialog: No, he’s not. (pause) You really hate me, don’t you?
1) 221) dialog: Well, I don’t know what you think you’re going to get out of this. But believe me, whatever it is, it’s not worth it.
1) 223) dialog: (gritting his teeth) Stop saying that. EXT. RICHIE’S BEDROOM. DAY. The next morning. Royal sits on the window sill smoking a cigarette. Pagoda sits next to him drinking a cup of coff Royal throws his cigarette out the window. He looks down the street. He frowns. Eli is climbing out a window on the second floor.
1) 269) dialog: What do you need?
1) 271) dialog: Please, don’t come in this room. INT. ETHELINE’S STUDY. DAY. Etheline sits at her desk writing numbers on little bits pottery and recording it in a notebook. Royal stands in t garden, looking in the window. His IV bag hangs on a roll stand beside him. (CONTINUED)
1) 288) dialog: Where’ve you been? Chas goes to the doorway. He glares at Ari, Uzi and Royal
1) 290) dialog: (concerned) What’s that? Chas points to a spot of dried blood on Uzi’s forehead.
1) 294) dialog: Stay away from my children. Do you understand?
1) 296) dialog: (screams) Are you listening to me?
1) 394) dialog: Yes. Can you send a taxi to 111 Archer Avenue? Right away, please. Thank you. Chas hangs up. Royal comes out of the bathroom. He is ful dressed in a suit, and he is zipping up a small leather b He picks up one of his bottles of pills off the night sta and leaves the rest. He looks to Pagoda.
1) 475) text: Three paramedics race down a corridor pushing Richie on a gurney. Raleigh and Dudley run beside him. They are cover with blood. Etheline hangs up the telephone and runs into the hallway She throws open the closet door and grabs her coat. Chas, Ari and Uzi hold on as Anwar weaves the BMW in and of traffic. Buckley has his head out the window. Margot bursts through the doors of the emergency room. Sh looks around frantically. She sees Dudley. She sees blood on him. She rushes over and grabs his arms.
1) 485) dialog: Why’d you try to kill yourself?
1) 490) dialog: Can we read it?
1) 492) dialog: Could you paraphrase it for us?
1) 494) dialog: Is it dark?
1) 682) dialog: Henry’s your dad? Chas is standing in the doorway. Walter hesitates. He nod Chas looks to Henry. CHAS (CONT’D) So you’ve been married before?
1) 684) dialog: Oh, yeah. I forgot. (pause) You know, I’m a widower myself.
1) 704) dialog: Where are you? Royal and Richie stand up among the rubble. Royal holds A under one arm and Uzi under the other. He sets them down. Chas runs over to them.
1) 707) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
1) 712) dialog: He did? Richie nods. Chas looks to Royal. Royal shrugs. Eli appears in the broken front window of the home.
1) 715) dialog: Eli! The guests panic as Eli jumps over a couch, knocks over a chair, and ducks into the kitchen. INT. KITCHEN. DAY. Pagoda looks up from a tray of canapes he is preparing. H does not appear to notice Eli’s strange appearance and injuries. He holds one of the canapes to him.
1) 717) text: They slam past the priest and knock him down the basement stairs. The wedding guests scream and yell and try to bre it up or get away. Eli slips out the back door and sprints into the garden. EXT. BACKYARD. DAY. Eli runs to the back wall and tries the gate. It is locke Chas tackles him hard. Chas grabs him by the arm, swings around, and slams him against the wall. Eli yells. People rush into the backyard. Richie runs outside.
1) 722) dialog: Yeah.
1) 724) dialog: Yeah.
1) 728) dialog: So do I. Walter looks over the top of the wall, down at Chas and E He looks back behind him and yells to someone:
1) 755) dialog: What’s this?
1) 757) dialog: You did? Royal nods. Silence. (CONTINUED)
1) 760) dialog: What’s his name?
1) 762) dialog: Thank you.
1) 764) dialog: We’ve had a rough year, Dad.
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Epilogue.” EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears Royal’s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around Richie’s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and Royal’s old BB guns. Royal’s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads “Royal O’Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: “Died tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.” The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.