0) 127) dialog: Done. Raleigh begins to laugh quietly. He shakes his head.
0) 132) dialog: I’m not color-blind, am I? Raleigh looks to Dudley. He hesitates.
0) 231) dialog: That taxi has a dent in it. Margot comes out of the telephone booth.
0) 236) dialog: Another dent here and another dent there.
1) 469) dialog: You want to play some word games or do some experiments on me or anything? Raleigh answers without moving. His voice is muffled.
1) 475) text: Three paramedics race down a corridor pushing Richie on a gurney. Raleigh and Dudley run beside him. They are cover with blood. Etheline hangs up the telephone and runs into the hallway She throws open the closet door and grabs her coat. Chas, Ari and Uzi hold on as Anwar weaves the BMW in and of traffic. Buckley has his head out the window. Margot bursts through the doors of the emergency room. Sh looks around frantically. She sees Dudley. She sees blood on him. She rushes over and grabs his arms.
1) 477) dialog: (pause) Who? INT. HOSPITAL ROOM. DAY. Everyone is gathered around Richie in his hospital bed. H arms are covered with bandages. A doctor gives him an injection and says to Etheline:
1) 748) dialog: You look great! Henry and Walter survey the scene from the smashed-out li room window. Walter points to the rubble.
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Epilogue.” EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears Royal’s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around Richie’s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and Royal’s old BB guns. Royal’s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads “Royal O’Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: “Died tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.” The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.