0) 174) dialog: You’ re welcome. INT. LOBBY. DAY. The elevator doors open and Royal strides out quickly. crosses through a gigantic lobby. A bellboy appears.
1) 188) dialog: His condition is stable. The attack was just a side-effect. I recommend that you push fluids and continue the stomach cancer medication. Dusty’s beeper goes off. He looks at it.
1) 189) text: Dusty’s beeper has a digital message on it: “Smitty w double yesterday. Can you sub for him tonight?”
1) 194) dialog: Absolutely not.
1) 196) dialog: We’1l have to wait and see.
1) 198) dialog: That depends. Is he a fighter?
1) 200) dialog: (solemnly) Then that’s the best we’ve got. Now, if you’1l1 excuse me, I have another call to make. INT. RICHIE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. Etheline sits next to Royal’s bed. Pagoda comes in and Royal a small brown paper sack.
1) 468) dialog: I already did. INT. RALEIGH’S LABORATORY. DAY. Raleigh lies face down on the couch with his head buried the cushions. Dudley walks over to him with a box of building blocks. He says quietly:
1) 673) text: An invitation to Etheline’s and Henry’s wedding at th on Archer Avenue. It is nearly identical to the invitatio on the cover of the first edition of The Royal Tenenbaums EXT. STREET. DAY. Ari, Uzi and Pagoda stand in front of the house with Buck receiving the wedding guests. They help people out of the cars, give them programs for the ceremony, and direct the the front door. There are about fifty guests. Half of them are black and half are white. The members of the wedding party are dres in morning suits. Royal and Dusty get out of a gypsy cab. Royal smiles at A and Uzi. He hugs Pagoda and kisses Ari and Uzi on the top of their heads. He looks around. He whispers:
1) 743) dialog: Can you see out of it? Richie covers his good eye to test his bad eye.
1) 746) dialog: Uh-huh. Minor corneal damage. Page me if it spreads to the other eye. Raleigh and Dudley stand next to each other wearing firem helmets. Dudley laughs crazily.
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Epilogue.” EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears Royal’s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around Richie’s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and Royal’s old BB guns. Royal’s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads “Royal O’Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: “Died tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.” The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.