0) 18) dialog: IвЂ™1l hold, thank you.
0) 20) dialog: (pause) Write yourself a check. Chas hands Etheline the slip of blue paper.
0) 21) text: A cheque made out in the amount of $187. Etheline signs i
0) 24) text: A copy of Etheline TenenbaumвЂ™s book, Family of Geniuses the dust jacket there is a photograph of the three childr conducting a press conference in a room crowded with journalists. It appears to have been published in the lat seventies.
0) 71) text: (The names of each of our characters and the names of the actors playing them appear over the following shots.) Royal Tenenbaum sits in a chair in his hotel suite with n shirt on and a towel wrapped around his face. A woman ina white apron lifts off the towel, and Royal looks in the mirror. He is now sixty-six, with grey hair, white at the temples, worn very long in the back. He is getting a faci and there are strips of blue cellophane covering his face The woman quickly peels them away and begins to massage h temples. Royal lights a cigarette at the end of a three-i holder. Etheline Tenenbaum draws eyeliner around her eyes in the dressing mirror. She is fifty-five and has long, black ha with one silver streak that runs through it. She wears a pink slip and a gold locket. The wall behind her is fille with portraits of tribesmen and native warriors from arou the world. She holds up a pair of prescription sunglasses and looks at herself. She lowers them and does her lipsti Chas Tenenbaum shaves in the locker room of a boxing gym. Steam fills the air. He is thirty-six and in top fighting condition. Ari and Uzi Tenenbaum are on either side of hi They are eight and ten. They are also shaving, but with n blades in their razors. All three have extremely curly bl hair. Margot Tenenbaum is at a hairdresserвЂ™s with three peopl working on her at once. She is thirty-four. Her hair is being dyed, and there are little clamps and bits of foil twisted into it. She is smoking a cigarette, and she blow puff of smoke as the hair dryer is lowered onto her head. She holds an open copy of a book of plays by George Berna Shaw. She has one fake finger made of wood. Eli Cash is in the fitting room of a clothing store havin white buckskin jacket with fringe taken in. A tailor pull at the hem of the jacket and sticks pins in the sleeves. tailorвЂ™s helper brings Eli a cup of tea and some cucumb sandwiches. Eli picks out a sandwich. A second helper han him a short-brimmed Stetson cowboy hat. He puts it on at angle and stares at himself. Releigh St. Clair brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush in a very small, white-tiled bathroom. He has full, gray beard and round glasses, and he is dressed in silk pajamas with white piping. He stops suddenly, picks a tape recorder off the edge of the sink, and excitedly dictates something into it. He puts the tape recorder bac on the sink and starts brushing his teeth again. (CONTINUED)
0) 156) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 158) dialog: (pause) But I thought it was --
0) 160) dialog: Yes?
0) 162) dialog: No, I didnвЂ™t. Henry nods calmly.
0) 168) dialog: This isnвЂ™t really a tax issue, is it?
0) 170) dialog: Let me think about it, Henry. Pagoda frowns. INT. TELEPHONE ROOM. DAY. Pagoda places a call.
0) 190) dialog: Chas? Chas stops in the doorway. Pagoda leads Ari, Uzi, Anwar a Buckley out of the room, up the stairs. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) WhatвЂ™s going on?
0) 192) dialog: Did you call a locksmith?
0) 196) dialog: (pause) I donвЂ™t understand. Did you pack your bags before you got locked out? Or how did you --
0) 198) dialog: Excuse me for a moment, please. INT. HALLWAY. NIGHT. Etheline closes the sliding door to the living room. She Chas stand alone in the hallway.
0) 199) dialog: What are you talking about?
0) 201) dialog: But thereвЂ™s no sprinklers here, either. Chas looks up and studies the ceiling. He shrugs.
0) 215) dialog: ItвЂ™s me, sweetie. Silence. A key slides from under the door to EthelineвЂ™s feet. Etheline looks to Raleigh. Raleigh looks embarrasse INT. BATHROOM. DAY. Margot is in the bathtub watching Planet of the Apes on h little black-and-white television set. Etheline sits on t edge of the tub with her coat in her lap.
0) 216) dialog: Raleigh says youвЂ™ve been spending six hours a day locked in here watching television and soaking in the tub.
0) 218) dialog: Well, I donвЂ™t think thatвЂ™s very healthy, do you? Nor do I think itвЂ™s very intelligent to keep an electrical gadget on the edge of the bathtub.
0) 220) dialog: Well, it canвЂ™t be very good for your eyes, anyway. Margot turns off the television set with her foot. She lo to Etheline. Etheline smooths back MargotвЂ™s wet hair. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) Chas came home. (CONTINUED)
0) 224) dialog: He and Ari and Uzi are going to stay with me for a little while.
0) 226) dialog: (hesitates) Well, I donвЂ™t know, exactly. But I think heвЂ™s been very depressed ever since --
0) 228) dialog: (pause) So are you what? EXT. STREET. DAY. The front door of Margot and RaleighвЂ™s apartment buildi opens. Margot comes out and goes down the steps with thre suitcases and her TV. Raleigh follows her. Etheline and Dudley walk behind them. Raleigh sounds desperately unhap
0) 247) dialog: What are you doing here?
0) 249) dialog: Are you crazy?
0) 251) dialog: Stop following me.
0) 253) dialog: Well, you canвЂ™t have it. IвЂ™m sorry for you, but itвЂ™s too late. Royal hesitates for a fraction of a second.
0) 255) dialog: What are you talking about? Royal stares at her blankly. He nods. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) What happened? (CONTINUED)
0) 259) dialog: (urgently) WhereвЂ™s the doctor? lLetвЂ™s get --
0) 261) dialog: WhatвЂ™s wrong with you?
0) 265) dialog: Go away! Etheline turns away and walks quickly across the street.
0) 267) dialog: Are you or arenвЂ™t you?
0) 270) dialog: More or less.
0) 272) dialog: Hard to say. INT. 375TH STREET Y/CHASвЂ™ ROOM. DAY. A second telephone conversation. Ari talks on a pay phone next to an indoor pool. Uzi stands beside him. Each wears goggles and an orange life-jacket belted tightly. A sign the wall says вЂњWater Safety and Rescue Class, 11 a.m.вЂ sits at the desk in his bedroom on Archer Avenue. UZzI WhoвЂ™s your father?
0) 339) dialog: Royal, this is Henry Sherman.
0) 343) dialog: DonвЂ™t pay any attention to that man, Henry.
0) 361) dialog: Good. Now IвЂ™1l just remove the loose soil and note the decomposition levels. Etheline dusts off a partially unearthed skeleton. Henry appears in the background, climbing down a ladder on the side of the pit. He wears a gray wool suit and tie. He picks up a pebble off the ground and looks at it. Ethelin says to the three archaeologists: ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) These were probably slaves. Before the arrival of the --
0) 365) dialog: DonвЂ™t be silly. (CONTINUED)
0) 369) dialog: Why? I thought it was very sweet.
0) 371) dialog: ThatвЂ™s ridiculous.
0) 373) dialog: Henry, I have no interest in Frank Benedict or Doug Cartwright. I never did. Henry falls into a pit and disappears from view. Etheline does not notice this and continues walking. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) And as far as Royal is concerned, heвЂ™s the most -- Etheline stops. She looks around. She sees Henry climbing up a ladder, out of the pit. He is covered with dirt and a small twig in his hair. She rushes over to him. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) Are you all right? Henry sighs. He brushes some dirt off his jacket.
0) 375) dialog: Wait a second, Henry. Henry stops. He looks to Etheline. She takes his hand and kisses it. He looks surprised. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) IвЂ™m sorry. IвЂ™m very nervous. (CONTINUED)
0) 379) dialog: To tell you the truth, I havenвЂ™t slept with a man in eighteen years. Silence. Henry nods. He puts his hand on EthelineвЂ™s che INT. MARGOTвЂ™S BEDROOM. DAY. Margot lies in her bed behind a mosquito net watching a downhill skiing competition on her portable television. Etheline stands in the doorway and says calmly:
0) 380) dialog: I think IвЂ™m falling for Henry. Margot looks to Etheline. She pulls open the mosquito netting.
0) 382) dialog: What do you think of him?
0) 384) dialog: IвЂ™11 tell you a secret. He asked me to marry him.
0) 386) dialog: (hesitates) Well, I havenвЂ™t accepted yet. Besides, you already have a father, sweetheart.
1) 147) dialog: Have you spoken to him about this?
1) 163) dialog: Call him Henry.
1) 165) dialog: YouвЂ™ve known him for ten years.
1) 175) dialog: Nor is it yours.
1) 185) dialog: Oh, my goodness!
1) 202) dialog: 
1) 205) dialog: Not really. (CONTINUED)
1) 209) dialog: (pause) Thanks. Royal raises an eyebrow. Etheline shakes her head and goe out of the room. Royal opens the paper sack and withdraws cheeseburger wrapped in aluminum foil. He unwraps it and takes a bite. He hesitates. Henry is standing in the doorway. He walks away. A dalmation mouse eats some crumbs off the floor.
1) 230) dialog: (nods) He always sends me his clippings.
1) 232) dialog: I think he just likes the encouragement. HeвЂ™s done it for years. He used to send me his grades in college.
1) 275) dialog: He has his reasons.
1) 277) dialog: I think thatвЂ™s terrible advice.
1) 298) dialog: How are you feeling?
1) 302) dialog: (pause) OK.
1) 304) dialog: I tried to. Lately, I feel like maybe I didnвЂ™t do such a great job.
1) 306) dialog: Well, then why didnвЂ™t you give a damn about us, Royal? Why didnвЂ™t you care?
1) 308) dialog: Nothing.
1) 310) dialog: Nothing. Just these little expressions of yours.
1) 315) dialog: None of your business. Henry frowns.
1) 316) text: Page 147 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says вЂњChapter Six. EXT. SIDEWALK. EVENING. Etheline and Henry come down the front steps of the Tenen house. Henry is dressed in black tie. The ends of a pair theatre tickets stick out of his breast pocket. Pagoda ho a gypsy cab for them at the curb.
1) 318) dialog: (hesitates) I donвЂ™t think the timingвЂ™s right for that, Henry.
1) 320) dialog: Well, I hope youвЂ™re right. (pause) Actually, I donвЂ™t believe IвЂ™m going to join you tonight. I/вЂ™11 call you in the morning. Etheline turns around and goes back up the steps. Henry watches her. He looks sad and stunned. Pagoda watches Henry. Etheline goes inside and closes the door. 73. INT. CLOSET. NIGHT. Royal and Pagoda stand together in the board-game-filled closet drinking Martinis and smoking cigarettes. Royal ha half-eaten cheeseburger in his hand. He whispers excitedl
1) 351) dialog: WhatвЂ™s going on here? Henry and Royal look to Etheline. She stands in the doorw
1) 371) dialog: (on the intercom) OK.
1) 393) dialog: But why would he -- Chas slams his hand against the bathroom door as hard as can. He sits down on the bed and picks up the phone. He places a call.
1) 396) dialog: Were you part of this?
1) 404) dialog: WhyвЂ™d you do this to us, Royal? Royal stops. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) What was the point?
1) 406) dialog: But we hadnвЂ™t spoken in seven years.
1) 410) dialog: (pause) YouвЂ™re a bastard. Royal nods. Etheline stares at him angrily, with tears in her eyes. ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) Goodbye, Royal. Royal turns and walks down the stairs. INT. STAIRWELL. DAY. Chas stands at the bottom of the stairs and watches Royal come down with his suitcases. Royal stops in front of him
1) 430) dialog: Yes, please. Henry refills EthelineвЂ™s glass. He clinks his glass aga hers and takes a small sip. She drinks her whole glass al at once. Henry looks uneasy. Etheline says suddenly: ETHELINE (CONTвЂ™D) Maybe weвЂ™re rushing things, Henry.
1) 432) dialog: 
1) 437) dialog: Actually, I should go. Silence. Henry nods. He looks disappointed.
1) 439) dialog: No, I think youвЂ™re right. I should go. Etheline picks up her overnight bag off a chair and goes the bathroom. Henry sits alone. He gets up and turns off the record player. EXT. BRIDGE. DAY. A footbridge over the river. Margot waits in the middle o the bridge. Eli walks towards her from the opposite bank. His face is smeared with dirt and traces of paint. His clothes look severely dishevelled. He stops a few feet aw from Margot.
1) 475) text: Three paramedics race down a corridor pushing Richie on a gurney. Raleigh and Dudley run beside him. They are cover with blood. Etheline hangs up the telephone and runs into the hallway She throws open the closet door and grabs her coat. Chas, Ari and Uzi hold on as Anwar weaves the BMW in and of traffic. Buckley has his head out the window. Margot bursts through the doors of the emergency room. Sh looks around frantically. She sees Dudley. She sees blood on him. She rushes over and grabs his arms.
1) 483) dialog: Are you in any pain?
1) 486) dialog: DonвЂ™t press him right now.
1) 496) dialog: All right. ThatвЂ™s enough. The doctor said to let him sleep. INT. WAITING AREA. DAY. The corridor outside RichieвЂ™s room. Etheline fills out insurance forms. Ari and Uzi sit on ChasвЂ™ lap. Margot s next to Raleigh. Raleigh stares into space. (CONTINUED)
1) 504) dialog: WhatвЂ™s he talking about?
1) 507) dialog: Oh, my goodness.
1) 515) dialog: How long have you been a smoker?
1) 517) dialog: Well, I think you should quit. Margot nods. The door opens at the end of the hall. Henry Sherman come in. Etheline sees him and stands up. He goes over to her. He starts to put on his glasses. As he unfolds them, he unintentionally clamps them to his necktie and pulls his necktie up to his temple. He says earnestly:
1) 658) dialog: WhatвЂ™s this?
1) 660) dialog: From you?
1) 668) dialog: Are we divorced?
1) 673) text: An invitation to EthelineвЂ™s and HenryвЂ™s wedding at th on Archer Avenue. It is nearly identical to the invitatio on the cover of the first edition of The Royal Tenenbaums EXT. STREET. DAY. Ari, Uzi and Pagoda stand in front of the house with Buck receiving the wedding guests. They help people out of the cars, give them programs for the ceremony, and direct the the front door. There are about fifty guests. Half of them are black and half are white. The members of the wedding party are dres in morning suits. Royal and Dusty get out of a gypsy cab. Royal smiles at A and Uzi. He hugs Pagoda and kisses Ari and Uzi on the top of their heads. He looks around. He whispers:
1) 686) dialog: What are you chewing on?
1) 688) dialog: Is it working? (CONTINUED)
1) 698) dialog: What was that? (CONTINUED)
1) 702) dialog: Oh, my God. INT. STAIRWELL. DAY. Chas sprints down the stairs three at a time. He falls an bangs against the wall. He gets back up and keeps running INT. LIVING ROOM. DAY. Eli sits on the floor, barefoot, covered in glass and deb He is bleeding from a head wound. Three dalmation mice da around the room in confusion. Several guests help Eli stagger to his feet. They look alarmed at his appearance, particularly the warpaint.
1) 751) dialog: You boys come over here with me.
1) 753) dialog: I know, but thereвЂ™s nothing we can do for him, at the moment. Royal takes the dalmation over to Chas.
1) 778) text: The judge extends the Bible to Etheline. She puts her han on it.
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says вЂњEpilogue.вЂќ EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears RoyalвЂ™s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around RichieвЂ™s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and RoyalвЂ™s old BB guns. RoyalвЂ™s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads вЂњRoyal OвЂ™Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: вЂњDied tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.вЂќ The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.