0) 149) dialog: Apropos of my question re: I-40 slash I- 9 adjustments. Henry stands up. He seems very nervous. Etheline looks up at him curiously.
0) 155) dialog: It would probably be advantageous for your marital status to be legally established as single, in light of the circumstances.
0) 157) dialog: I mean for tax purposes.
0) 159) dialog: Etheline?
0) 161) dialog: Will you marry me? Pagoda stops peeling the potatoes. He takes off one ear o his headphones. Etheline puts on her prescription sunglasses. HENRY (CONT’D) I love you. Did you already know that?
0) 169) dialog: (pause) That’s true. I don’t know why I put it that way. Etheline smiles slightly. She takes Henry’s hand.
0) 269) dialog: Have you told your children?
0) 271) dialog: And are they all right?
0) 341) dialog: How do you do?
0) 364) dialog: I’m sorry to interrupt your work.
0) 368) dialog: I just wanted to apologize for the other day. When I proposed to you.
0) 370) dialog: Look. I know I’m not as accomplished as some of the men you’ve been involved with. Franklin Benedict and General Cartwright and your ex-husband and --
0) 372) dialog: But I feel I have just as much to offer as any of them. I know I went about it backwards, but --
0) 374) dialog: I’m fine. Anyway, let me know when you make up your mind. Henry starts to walk away. Etheline grabs his sleeve.
0) 378) dialog: That’s OK. Thank you. Why are you --
1) 158) dialog: All right. Let’s not get out of hand. Chas jerks his arm away.
1) 161) dialog: Please, call me Henry.
1) 316) text: Page 147 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Chapter Six. EXT. SIDEWALK. EVENING. Etheline and Henry come down the front steps of the Tenen house. Henry is dressed in black tie. The ends of a pair theatre tickets stick out of his breast pocket. Pagoda ho a gypsy cab for them at the curb.
1) 317) dialog: I’d like you to talk to Royal about us, if you don’t mind.
1) 319) dialog: Well, I’d agree if I thought he was really going to die in six weeks. But I don’t. Etheline stops at the bottom of the steps. Silence.
1) 323) dialog: (pause) OK.
1) 325) dialog: (pause) I beg your pardon?
1) 327) dialog: (long pause) Coltrane?
1) 329) dialog: Did you just call me Coltrane?
1) 331) dialog: You didn’t?
1) 335) dialog: (pause) OK.
1) 337) dialog: You don’t think so?
1) 339) dialog: (seething) Listen, Royal. If you think --
1) 341) dialog: (yelling) Oh, yeah?
1) 343) dialog: Sit down!
1) 345) dialog: I said, sit down, goddammit! (CONTINUED)
1) 349) dialog: This is not your house.
1) 353) dialog: Hello. I’m calling in regards to a Dr. McClure. Yes. At Colby General. The name of the patient is Royal Tenenbaum. Henry takes out a pill and examines it.
1) 354) text: The pill. It has pink and blue sparkles all over it and t word “Tic-Tac” printed on the side. INT. STAIRWAY. DAY. Henry goes up the stairs with a cold, determined look on face. He has the bottle of pills in his hand. 76. INT. PAGODA’S ROOM. DAY. A small room with an Indian pattern on the wallpaper. Pag lies on a hammock listening to Indian music on a portable record player. There is a knock on the door, and then it opens. Henry stands in the doorway. He stares at Pagoda.
1) 355) dialog: How much is he paying you? Pagoda looks scared.
1) 368) dialog: Etheline? Would you mind coming up here for a minute, please? Royal looks at Henry suspiciously.
1) 370) dialog: You’1l see.
1) 385) dialog: Hold on a minute, please. Henry steps in front of the television set and turns it o HENRY (CONT’D) Pagoda has something to say. Everyone looks to Pagoda. Silence. Pagoda looks worried. He turns to Royal and points at him.
1) 387) dialog: (angrily) No, he doesn’t. Royal sits up. Henry stares at Royal. HENRY (CONT’D) I know what stomach cancer looks like. I’ve seen it. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
1) 391) dialog: My wife had it. Silence. Royal pulls out his IV and the other tubes that attached to him. He goes into the bathroom and closes the door. Henry turns to Etheline. HENRY (CONT’D) Not only is there no Dr. McClure at Colby General, there’s no Colby General. It closed in 1974. Chas crushes his sandwich in his hand.
1) 397) dialog: Of course he was. Etheline looks to Royal. Royal looks to Pagoda. He says regretfully:
1) 429) dialog: Would you like another glass of wine?
1) 431) dialog: (relieved) You’re right. It’s awkward sitting here in our pajamas and everything. We don’t have to do this right now. Let’s just try and have a nice time.
1) 436) dialog: Yes, I think we’re both a little uneasy, and there’s no need for us to force anything. There’s no hurry. Let’s just
1) 438) dialog: Can I, at least, offer you some dessert? Henry points to a dessert cart with a lemon meringue pie, cheesecakes, a bowl of strawberries, a chocolate mousse, a crepe suzette on it. Etheline hesitates. Henry quickly strikes a match and sets the crepe suzette on fire. His napkin catches on fire, and he dips it in his water glass He looks to Etheline.
1) 518) dialog: How can I help? Etheline begins to point to Henry’s necktie suspended n his ear, but she hesitates. Henry senses something wrong his peripheral vision and looks confused. He swats at the necktie, hurling his glasses off his face and on to the floor. Henry picks up his glasses and puts them back on. He look to Etheline with an embarrassed expression. Etheline puts her arms around him. She hugs him tightly and starts to c EXT. STREET. NIGHT. Three hours later. A gypsy cab stops in front of the hospital. Royal and Pagoda get out and walk quickly into building. They are both dressed in hotel elevator-operato uniforms. INT. HOSPITAL. NIGHT. Royal speaks anxiously to a nurse at the registration des Pagoda stands behind him.
1) 662) dialog: (hesitates) Hello. (CONTINUED)
1) 673) text: An invitation to Etheline’s and Henry’s wedding at th on Archer Avenue. It is nearly identical to the invitatio on the cover of the first edition of The Royal Tenenbaums EXT. STREET. DAY. Ari, Uzi and Pagoda stand in front of the house with Buck receiving the wedding guests. They help people out of the cars, give them programs for the ceremony, and direct the the front door. There are about fifty guests. Half of them are black and half are white. The members of the wedding party are dres in morning suits. Royal and Dusty get out of a gypsy cab. Royal smiles at A and Uzi. He hugs Pagoda and kisses Ari and Uzi on the top of their heads. He looks around. He whispers:
1) 675) dialog: It’s slightly uneven. (CONTINUED)
1) 679) dialog: Hello, Richie. This is my son, Walter Sherman. Richie comes into the room. He and Walter shake hands.
1) 683) dialog: Yes. I’m a widower.
1) 685) dialog: I know you are, Chas. INT. MARGOT’S BEDROOM. DAY. Margot looks out the window at the guests arriving on the street while Etheline finishes her make-up. Margot has a white plastic inhaler in her mouth.
1) 731) dialog: I don’t think you’re an asshole, Royal. You’re just a kind of a son of a bitch. Royal seems genuinely moved by this remark.
1) 750) dialog: It doesn’t matter. It’s still best to file under force majeure and recoup the deductible. Ari and Uzi try to look at Buckley under Eli’s car as s firemen and tow-truck drivers attach straps and chains to wheels and axle. Etheline goes over to them.
1) 777) dialog: So help me God. (CONTINUED)
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Epilogue.” EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears Royal’s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around Richie’s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and Royal’s old BB guns. Royal’s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads “Royal O’Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: “Died tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.” The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.