0) 0) text: Royal sits at the head of a long table. He is surrounded his children. Chas is twelve, with curly hair, dressed in a black suit tie. Margot is ten, with a barrette in her hair, wearing knitted LaCoste dress and penny loafers. Richie is eight, with long hair, parted on the side, dressed in a Bjorn Bo style tennis outfit with a headband. Chas wears a blank expression, Margot looks as if she is about to cry, and Richie has tears all over his face.
0) 1) dialog: Are you getting divorced?
0) 8) dialog: Was it our fault?
0) 41) text: There is a mock-up of a stage set for a play that appears have taken place in a network of tree houses on a tropica island. Margot places a tiny canoe beneath a palm tree. NARRATOR (CONTвЂ™D) She and her brother Richie ran away from home one winter and camped out in the African Wing of the Public Archives. EXT. MUSEUM. DAY. Richie and Margot sit on a bench in front of a large Goth building. Richie has on a small backpack with a sleeping attached to it. Margot carries a small red suitcase. They both look extremely dishevelled and tired. A single-file line of students in Catholic school uniform goes past them following a museum guide. Eli is at the en of the line. He stops and stares at Margot and Richie.
0) 44) dialog: No, I didnвЂ™t. And donвЂ™t tell anybody you saw us.
0) 60) text: Chas looks at Margot. She is silent. Royal says to Eli: ROYAL (CONTвЂ™D) Why are you wearing pajamas? Do you live here?
0) 64) dialog: Goodnight, everyone. Margot quickly collects her unopened presents from the ta She puts RoyalвЂ™s aside and sets it in front of him.
0) 71) text: (The names of each of our characters and the names of the actors playing them appear over the following shots.) Royal Tenenbaum sits in a chair in his hotel suite with n shirt on and a towel wrapped around his face. A woman ina white apron lifts off the towel, and Royal looks in the mirror. He is now sixty-six, with grey hair, white at the temples, worn very long in the back. He is getting a faci and there are strips of blue cellophane covering his face The woman quickly peels them away and begins to massage h temples. Royal lights a cigarette at the end of a three-i holder. Etheline Tenenbaum draws eyeliner around her eyes in the dressing mirror. She is fifty-five and has long, black ha with one silver streak that runs through it. She wears a pink slip and a gold locket. The wall behind her is fille with portraits of tribesmen and native warriors from arou the world. She holds up a pair of prescription sunglasses and looks at herself. She lowers them and does her lipsti Chas Tenenbaum shaves in the locker room of a boxing gym. Steam fills the air. He is thirty-six and in top fighting condition. Ari and Uzi Tenenbaum are on either side of hi They are eight and ten. They are also shaving, but with n blades in their razors. All three have extremely curly bl hair. Margot Tenenbaum is at a hairdresserвЂ™s with three peopl working on her at once. She is thirty-four. Her hair is being dyed, and there are little clamps and bits of foil twisted into it. She is smoking a cigarette, and she blow puff of smoke as the hair dryer is lowered onto her head. She holds an open copy of a book of plays by George Berna Shaw. She has one fake finger made of wood. Eli Cash is in the fitting room of a clothing store havin white buckskin jacket with fringe taken in. A tailor pull at the hem of the jacket and sticks pins in the sleeves. tailorвЂ™s helper brings Eli a cup of tea and some cucumb sandwiches. Eli picks out a sandwich. A second helper han him a short-brimmed Stetson cowboy hat. He puts it on at angle and stares at himself. Releigh St. Clair brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush in a very small, white-tiled bathroom. He has full, gray beard and round glasses, and he is dressed in silk pajamas with white piping. He stops suddenly, picks a tape recorder off the edge of the sink, and excitedly dictates something into it. He puts the tape recorder bac on the sink and starts brushing his teeth again. (CONTINUED)
0) 106) dialog: Well, I just donвЂ™t use that word lightly. Margot takes a drag of a cigarette balanced at the edge o the sink. There is knock on the door. Margot does not loo up.
0) 107) dialog: I have to go, Eli. Margot hangs up the telephone. There is another knock.
0) 109) dialog: Uh-huh?
0) 118) dialog: Fine, thank you. Margot blows on her toenails.
0) 120) dialog: No, thank you. Margot taps her fingers on the counter. The wooden one ma a clicking sound. She looks to Raleigh. Raleigh hesitates He goes out suddenly and closes the door. Margot reaches over with her foot and locks it.
0) 122) text: A remaindered copy of Desmond Winston Manchester XIвЂ™s L record Dynamite Stick. On the sleeve there is a photograp of five Rastafarians standing in front of a metal shack. younger Margot stands behind them partly hidden in the do frame. She is dressed in a string bikini. NARRATOR (CONTвЂ™D) She kept a private studio in Mockingbird Heights under the name Helen Scott. INT. STUDIO. DAY. A small room with one wooden chair and a metal stand with IBM electric typewriter on it. There are posters for seve of MargotвЂ™s plays leaning against the walls. The titles include: Static Electricity, Erotic Transference and Nakedness Tonight.
0) 214) dialog: Who is it?
0) 217) dialog: (pause) I doubt that.
0) 219) dialog: I tied it to the radiator. Etheline examines the television set. There is a length o red twine wrapped around it and knotted to a pipe.
0) 223) dialog: (pause) What do you mean?
0) 225) dialog: (frowns) Why are they allowed to do that?
0) 227) dialog: (urgently) So am I.
0) 230) dialog: Because IвЂ™m in a rut, and I need a change. Hang on. Margot sets down her suitcases and goes into a telephone booth with graffiti spray-painted all over it. She closes the door and makes a call. Etheline stands on the corner and raises her hand into th air. A gypsy cab pulls over. Raleigh waits uncomfortably outside the telephone booth. He watches Margot talking on the telephone. Dudley points at the taxi.
0) 235) dialog: I do, kind of. I canвЂ™t explain it right now. Raleigh looks crestfallen. Margot puts her suitcases into the back seat of the taxi. Dudley continues to point at i
0) 237) dialog: (gently) IвЂ™11 call you, OK? Raleigh nods. Margot gets into the taxi. Etheline looks a Raleigh sadly. She gets into the taxi and closes the door Raleigh and Dudley watch the taxi drive away. Raleigh has tears in his eyes. Dudley takes a bite of a graham cracke INT. MARGOTвЂ™S BEDROOM. NIGHT. Margot goes into her room and sets her suitcases on the floor. She closes the door and locks it. She opens the do to the closet and turns on the light. She whispers:
0) 238) dialog: Hello? There is a rustle behind some hanging clothes. Eli looks nervously and slowly emerges. He is dressed in white brie He whispers:
0) 241) dialog: What for?
0) 245) dialog: I donвЂ™t think so, Eli. Eli looks disappointed. EXT. SIDEWALK. DAY. The next morning, Etheline comes out the front door of th Tenenbaum house and goes down the steps. Royal suddenly appears at her side.
0) 279) dialog: ThatвЂ™s OK. WeвЂ™re not actually related, anyway.
0) 289) dialog: Stand up straight and let me get a look at you. Richie stands up a little straighter and continues to loo Margot with the same smile. MARGOT (CONTвЂ™D) WhatвЂ™s so funny? Richie shrugs.
0) 290) dialog: Well, itвЂ™s nice to see you, too. Their smiles fade, and they both look cold and sad. Richi reaches out his hand. Margot goes over to him and puts he arms around him. EXT. TENENBAUM HOUSE. DAY. Margot and Richie stand on the steps in front of the hous The door opens and Etheline and Pagoda come outside and h Richie. Richie and Henry shake hands. Ari and Uzi come running out and hug Richie.
0) 302) dialog: I hear youвЂ™re dying.
0) 304) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry.
0) 320) dialog: What do you propose to do?
0) 323) dialog: I havenвЂ™t been there at all. I was never invited.
0) 325) dialog: Thanks. Richie looks to Chas. He looks back to Royal.
0) 348) dialog: IвЂ™m listening. (points to a deli) Right there is where you used to go get jacked off.
0) 350) dialog: (pause) I donвЂ™t know. I canвЂ™t tell.
0) 352) dialog: (frowns) What are you talking about?
0) 357) dialog: What are we doing, Eli? (CONTINUED)
0) 381) dialog: ThatвЂ™s amazing.
0) 383) dialog: (excited) I think heвЂ™s gorgeous.
0) 385) dialog: (dreamily) IвЂ™m going to have a father.
0) 387) dialog: Not really. Plus, now heвЂ™s dying.
1) 28) dialog: It got chopped off by an axe. UZzI HowвЂ™d it get chopped off by --
1) 30) dialog: ItвЂ™s OK. IвЂ™11 tell you. IвЂ™m adopted. Did you know that? Uzi shakes his head.
1) 31) dialog: Well, I am. And I went to find my real family when I was fourteen. They live in Indiana. EXT. FARM. DAY. A fourteen-year-old Margot stands behind a barn with a fa of blond farmers. There are a mother and father and five very young children. MargotвЂ™s hair is dyed black, and s wears a black LaCoste dress, black eyeliner, and black na polish.
1) 37) dialog: (shakes her head) CouldnвЂ™t find it.
1) 87) dialog: (pause) I donвЂ™t know.
1) 89) dialog: OK. Thanks. A maintenance man with a shovel in his hand yells from ac the cemetery:
1) 91) dialog: By the way, I heard about that letter you sent to Eli. Silence. Richie starts to say something. He hesitates. A pack of cigarettes falls out of MargotвЂ™s pocket on to t ground. They stop walking and look at it.
1) 93) dialog: Those arenвЂ™t mine.
1) 160) dialog: DonвЂ™t talk to him like that.
1) 229) dialog: Did Eli send you that?
1) 231) dialog: (incredulous) What for?
1) 233) dialog: (frowns) ThatвЂ™s ridiculous. There is a rap on the glass. Margot and Etheline look up. Raleigh is standing in the window. He looks miserable. EXT. GARDEN. DAY. The backyard. Margot and Raleigh sit at a metal table drinking tea.
1) 235) dialog: I donвЂ™t know. (CONTINUED)
1) 239) dialog: (pause) Maybe not. But --
1) 241) dialog: No. But --
1) 243) dialog: Raleigh, please. For GodвЂ™s sake. Raleigh sits up suddenly.
1) 245) dialog: (pause) I couldnвЂ™t begin to even think about knowing how to answer that question. Raleigh stands up and walks away. INT. HALLWAY. DAY. Royal watches down the stairwell as Margot comes up. He knocks on the railing. She looks up at him. Silence.
1) 247) dialog: What are you talking about? You donвЂ™t even know him.
1) 249) dialog: Stay out of it. Margot walks toward her room. Royal steps on to the landi at the top of the stairs. (CONTINUED)
1) 253) dialog: No, I didnвЂ™t.
1) 361) dialog: WhatвЂ™d you do to your hand?
1) 366) dialog: No. Those belong to Chas. Or, anyway, he invented them. Richie drags a large trunk out of the closet.
1) 384) dialog: (worried) IвЂ™1l be right back. Margot goes to the telephone. Etheline and Chas come into the room. Chas is eating a sandwich. Ari, Uzi and Buckley follow them.
1) 415) dialog: (pause) Neither are you. Margot closes the door. Royal puts his hands in his pocke He stares into space. He begins to cry. A gypsy cab pulls over to the curb. Royal waves to the driver. (CONTINUED)
1) 441) dialog: I didnвЂ™t know you ever were.
1) 443) dialog: (pause) OK.
1) 445) dialog: OK, IвЂ™m not in love with you, either. (CONTINUED)
1) 449) dialog: Do you send my mother your clippings? Eli hesitates.
1) 450) dialog: And your grades in --
1) 452) dialog: Your reviews arenвЂ™t that good.
1) 461) text: Margot at age twelve buys a pack of cigarettes in a bodeg She smokes one on the roof of the house, leaning against chimney, next to the falconвЂ™s coop. (In each of the following images, Margot smokes a cigaret Margot climbs out the window of a girlsвЂ™ dormitory. She carries a small suitcase. She shimmies down the gutter an runs across the lawn. Margot stands inside a torch-lit shack among a group of dancing Rastafarians in Jamaica. She holds hands with one them while he lights a large brown-paper-wrapped marijuan cigarette. A man dressed in a black shirt with a priestвЂ collar places a string of shells around MargotвЂ™s neck. Another man has a small machine gun. There is a goat in t doorway, and the ocean glimmers outside. Margot opens a window and looks out at the Eifel Tower. S wears a bra and a slip. A topless girl appears next to he eating a croissant. The girl puts her arms around Margotв waist, and Margot runs her hands through the girlвЂ™s hai Margot stands in a pool of water facing a young tribesman New Guinea. He has on warpaint and wears a large tusk in nose. Margot kisses him on the mouth. Margot sits in a make-up chair at a television studio. Pe Bradley comes up behind her and puts his hands down her shirt. Margot smiles at him mischievously. Margot makes out with: - a Puerto Rican teenager in the back seat of a taxi; - a skinny guy with a Mohawk on a city bus; - a tough-looking Irishman on the deck of a ferry; - Eli in a deserted subway train going full speed at nigh
1) 475) text: Three paramedics race down a corridor pushing Richie on a gurney. Raleigh and Dudley run beside him. They are cover with blood. Etheline hangs up the telephone and runs into the hallway She throws open the closet door and grabs her coat. Chas, Ari and Uzi hold on as Anwar weaves the BMW in and of traffic. Buckley has his head out the window. Margot bursts through the doors of the emergency room. Sh looks around frantically. She sees Dudley. She sees blood on him. She rushes over and grabs his arms.
1) 476) dialog: Where is he, Dudley?
1) 479) dialog: How do you feel? (CONTINUED)
1) 488) dialog: You did?
1) 500) dialog: I know.
1) 502) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry.
1) 505) dialog: It doesnвЂ™t matter.
1) 509) dialog: What?
1) 511) dialog: You donвЂ™t smoke.
1) 516) dialog: (pause) Twenty-two years.
1) 532) dialog: WhoвЂ™s there? Richie does not respond.
1) 533) dialog: Hello? Richie looks at the seventeen paintings of Margot hanging the corner. An unfinished eighteenth, with Margot slightl older, leans against the wall. Richie goes to the tent at the center of the room. INT. TENT. NIGHT. Richie looks into the tent. Margot is sitting on the floo next to a record player smoking a cigarette. She has a Rolling Stones record in her hand. She looks startled.
1) 535) dialog: (hesitates) Just listening to some records. Margot puts out her cigarette. She seems worried.
1) 536) dialog: I thought you were supposed to be in the hospital.
1) 538) dialog: Well, shouldnвЂ™t you be on some kind of suicide watch or something?
1) 542) dialog: How many stitches did you get?
1) 544) dialog: Jesus, Richie. That looks horrible. Richie nods. He wraps the bandage back around his arm.
1) 546) dialog: (pause) Desmond?
1) 548) dialog: Yeah. I met him in the ocean. I was swimming, and he came out to me ina canoe. We were only married for nine days.
1) 550) dialog: (sighs) I know. Poor Eli. Anyway, we mostly just talked about you.
1) 552) dialog: Yeah. I guess that was the attraction, if you know what I mean. Silence. Richie says quietly:
1) 556) dialog: WhatвЂ™s that?
1) 558) dialog: (sadly) I love you, too. Richie kisses Margot on the mouth, and she kisses him bac She puts her hands on the back of his head. Richie pulls away from her and looks into her eyes.
1) 560) dialog: LetвЂ™s lie down for a minute. Richie lies down on the cot. Margot looks at his Boy Scou sleeping bag.
1) 561) dialog: This is the one we took to the museum, isnвЂ™t it? Richie nods. Margot sighs. She lies down next to Richie a puts her arm around his shoulder. She smooths back his ha They listen to the music for a minute.
1) 562) dialog: WhyвЂ™d you do it? Because of me?
1) 564) dialog: YouвЂ™re not going to do it again, are you?
1) 566) dialog: I think weвЂ™re just going to have to be secretly in love with each other and leave it at that, Richie. (CONTINUED)
1) 642) dialog: I told you. Nothing. I only have five minutes. Royal looks frustrated. Margot sighs.
1) 643) dialog: IвЂ™1l have a butterscotch sundae, I guess. The waiter nods and walks away. Silence.
1) 645) dialog: (hesitates) Well, so am I, but IвЂ™m not going to discuss it with you. Royal sighs. He leans across the table and says urgently:
1) 647) dialog: Do they? Royal nods. Silence.
1) 648) dialog: You probably donвЂ™t even know my middle name.
1) 650) dialog: Helen.
1) 652) dialog: (sadly) I know it was. EXT. SIDEWALK. DAY. Royal stands on the sidewalk in front of the Tenenbaum ho He has a bunch of white flowers in his hand. (CONTINUED)
1) 687) dialog: My nicotine inhaler. ItвЂ™s supposed to help me quit.
1) 691) dialog: Not really. EXT. STREET. DAY. Ari and Uzi tie BuckleyвЂ™s leash around a pole in front house. Royal and a very small Irish priest stand together the top of the steps.
1) 701) dialog: Eli just crashed his car into the front of the house.
1) 766) dialog: I wonder what happened to him.
1) 768) dialog: Well, IвЂ™m sure heвЂ™1l get over it. (CONTINUED)
1) 771) dialog: This was one of my first hiding places. Richie studies the pack of cigarettes. It is still sealed but the wrapper has faded.
1) 773) dialog: IвЂ™d say about ten years. Richie nods. Margot offers him a cigarette. He takes it, and she lights it. Margot puts her arm around RichieвЂ™s shoulder, and they smoke their stale cigarettes together. EXT. GARDEN. DAY. Ari, Uzi and Chas watch Royal throw dirt on to a grave in backyard. They have tears in their eyes. The dalmation si on the ground next to them.
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says вЂњEpilogue.вЂќ EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears RoyalвЂ™s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around RichieвЂ™s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and RoyalвЂ™s old BB guns. RoyalвЂ™s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads вЂњRoyal OвЂ™Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: вЂњDied tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.вЂќ The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.