0) 14) dialog: They were never legally divorced. Pagoda hands Royal the Martini.
0) 17) dialog: Etheline Tenenbaum kept the house and raised the children, and their education was her highest priority. Etheline says into the telephone:
0) 23) dialog: She wrote a book on the subject.
0) 30) dialog: Chas Tenenbaum had, since elementary school, taken most of his meals in his room, standing up at his desk with a cup of coffee, to save time. On a shelf in an alcove there are ten cages connected together by plastic tubes. White mice with tiny black spo all over them race around outside the cages. Chas feeds o of them a drop of blue liquid from a test tube. NARRATOR (CONT’D) In the sixth grade, he went into business, breeding dalmation mice, which he sold to a pet shop in Little Tokyo. There are twenty-five pinstriped suits in boys’ size tw and an electric tie rack hanging in the closet. Chas push a button on the tie rack and the ties glide along a track NARRATOR (CONT’D) He started buying real estate in his early teens and seemed to have an almost preternatural understanding of international finance. There are a small weightlifting bench and punchbag in the corner. There is a set of exercise charts neatly drawn wi felt-tip pen tacked on the wall. Chas bench-presses about fifty pounds on a small barbell. NARRATOR (CONT’D) He negotiated the purchase of his father’s summer house on Eagle’s Island. EXT. BACKYARD. DAY. A house in the country. Chas crouches in the bushes with BB gun. Across the lawn, he sees two younger boys with BB guns drop down from a tree. (CONTINUED)
0) 35) dialog: The BB was still lodged between two knuckles in Chas’ left hand. INT. MARGOT’S BEDROOM. DAY. The walls of Margot’s room are red, with little running zebras painted all over them. There is a collection of African masks hanging in the corner. Margot sits at a sma metal stand, typing on an IBM typewriter.
0) 36) dialog: Margot Tenenbaum was adopted at the age of two. Her father had always noted this when introducing her.
0) 40) dialog: She was a playwright and won a Braverman Grant of fifty-thousand dollars in the ninth grade. (CONTINUED)
0) 41) text: There is a mock-up of a stage set for a play that appears have taken place in a network of tree houses on a tropica island. Margot places a tiny canoe beneath a palm tree. NARRATOR (CONT’D) She and her brother Richie ran away from home one winter and camped out in the African Wing of the Public Archives. EXT. MUSEUM. DAY. Richie and Margot sit on a bench in front of a large Goth building. Richie has on a small backpack with a sleeping attached to it. Margot carries a small red suitcase. They both look extremely dishevelled and tired. A single-file line of students in Catholic school uniform goes past them following a museum guide. Eli is at the en of the line. He stops and stares at Margot and Richie.
0) 46) dialog: Four years later, she disappeared alone for almost two weeks and came back with half a finger missing.
0) 48) dialog: Richie Tenenbaum had been a champion tennis player since the third grade. (CONTINUED)
0) 49) text: There are thousands of Matchbox cars arranged on every available inch of space on tables, desks and window sills Richie parks a little Maserati next to a dune buggy. NARRATOR (CONT’D) He turned pro at seventeen and won the U.S. Nationals three years in a row. There is a ham radio set in the corner of the room. Richi sits at the console wearing a set of headphones. There is map of the world on the wall, with colored pins stuck in different cities. NARRATOR (CONT’D) He kept a studio in the corner of the ballroom but had failed to develop as a painter.
0) 52) dialog: These invitations were never extended to anyone else.
0) 54) dialog: Richie’s best friend Eli Cash lived with his aunt in a building across the street. EXT. STREET. DAY. Eli walks up the front steps of the Tenenbaum house and r the doorbell. He wears a set of house keys on a string around his neck. Pagoda opens the door. He is dressed in pajamas, slippers and a bathrobe. He lets Eli inside.
0) 55) dialog: He was a regular fixture at family gatherings, holidays, mornings before school and most afternoons.
0) 57) dialog: They had agreed to invite their father to the party. There is a small stage-set across the room for a play tha appears to have taken place on a ship.
0) 66) dialog: He had not been invited to any of their parties since. Etheline blows out the candles. EXT. ROOF. DAY. There is a large antenna for Richie’s ham radio and a w coop with a falcon in it. The falcon has a hood over its eyes. Richie opens the coop, carefully removes the falcon hood, and feeds him some sardines from a tin.
0) 67) dialog: In fact, virtually all memory of the brilliance of the young Tenenbaums had been erased by two decades of betrayal, failure and disaster. Richie carries the falcon on his arm to the edge of the r
0) 77) dialog: Royal had lived in the Lindbergh Palace Hotel for twenty-two years.
0) 83) dialog: He was a prominent litigator until the mid-eighties, when he was disbarred and briefly imprisoned.
0) 90) dialog: Richie had retired from professional tennis at twenty-six. His last match had been widely discussed in the media.
0) 94) dialog: For the past year he had been traveling alone on an ocean liner called the Cote d’ Ivoire and had seen both poles, five oceans, the Amazon and the Nile. INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT. Eli stands at a podium reading from a book to a crowded audience. A telegram marked “Ship to Shore” is tucked his coat pocket. His voice is quietly dramatic.
0) 96) dialog: Eli was an assistant professor of English Literature at Brooks College. The recent publication of his second novel -- (CONTINUED)
0) 100) dialog: -- had earned him a sudden, unexpected literary celebrity.
0) 111) dialog: Margot was married to the writer and neurologist Raleigh St. Clair.
0) 121) dialog: She was known for her extreme secrecy. For example, none of the Tenenbaums knew she was a smoker, which she had been since the age of twelve. Margot opens a box of Q-Tips. There is a cigarette hidden inside. She takes it out and lights it. NARRATOR (CONT’D) Nor were they aware of her first marriage and divorce to a recording artist in Jamaica.
0) 122) text: A remaindered copy of Desmond Winston Manchester XI’s L record Dynamite Stick. On the sleeve there is a photograp of five Rastafarians standing in front of a metal shack. younger Margot stands behind them partly hidden in the do frame. She is dressed in a string bikini. NARRATOR (CONT’D) She kept a private studio in Mockingbird Heights under the name Helen Scott. INT. STUDIO. DAY. A small room with one wooden chair and a metal stand with IBM electric typewriter on it. There are posters for seve of Margot’s plays leaning against the walls. The titles include: Static Electricity, Erotic Transference and Nakedness Tonight.
0) 124) dialog: She had not completed a play in seven years. 17. INT. RALEIGH’S LABORATORY. DAY. Raleigh’s basement. Raleigh sits at a table, across fro fifteen-year-old boy in a plaid fishing hat with “Dudle stitched across the front. Raleigh is dressed in a turtleneck shirt and a corduroy blazer with suede patches the elbows. The boy has an earphone in his ear. He wears Henry Aaron-style flip-up sunglasses. Raleigh and Dudley both have a set of building blocks in front of them. Raleigh’s are arranged in the shape of a symmetrical cross. Dudley’s are strewn out randomly. A cardboard screen stands in between the two sets of blocks Raleigh says into his tape recorder:
0) 126) dialog: Raleigh’s next book was on the subject of a condition he called Heinsbergen’s Syndrome. Dudley finishes arranging his blocks into the shape of a sided octagon with branches coming out of it.
0) 135) dialog: Chas’ wife, Rachael, was killed ina plane crash the previous summer. Chas and Uzi rush into the hallway. Uzi has on a pajama t and underwear. Chas yells to Ari: (CONTINUED)
0) 141) dialog: Chas and their two sons, Ari and Uzi, were also on the flight and survived, as did their dog, who was discovered in his cage several thousand yards from the crash site.
0) 146) dialog: Over the last six months, he had become increasingly concerned with their safety. Uzi is still crying. UZzI We left Buckley. Chas rubs his eyes and his temples. He says quietly:
0) 148) dialog: Etheline became an archaeologist and had overseen excavations for the Department of Housing and the Transit Authority. The back doors are open on to the garden. Pagoda sits on bench outside, peeling potatoes, listening to a Walkman w headphones. His hair is now white. Etheline is at her desk studying an arrowhead while Henry sits next to her. He is working on her taxes.
0) 150) dialog: She taught bridge class twice a week with her friend and business manager, Henry Sherman.
0) 163) dialog: Since her separation from her husband, she had had many suitors --
0) 291) dialog: That night, Etheline found all of her children living together under the same roof for the first time in seventeen years. (CONTINUED)
0) 294) dialog: The next morning Richie woke at dawn. He had decided birds should not be kept in cages, fed Mordecai three sardines, and set him free.
1) 403) dialog: Immediately after making this statement, Royal realized that it was true. Royal begins to gather his possessions. INT. HALLWAY. DAY. Royal comes out of Richie’s room with his suitcases. Etheline stands at the end of the hall.
1) 774) dialog: Royal dug a hole for Buckley behind the garden shed, and buried him in a canvas duffle bag. Chas hands Royal a bottle of scotch, and Royal takes a dr
1) 779) dialog: Etheline and Henry were married forty- eight hours later, in judge’s chambers. INT. THEATRE. NIGHT. A stage-set for a play that appears to take place ina network of tree houses on a tropical island. A father introduces his daughter to a group of native tribesmen.
1) 781) dialog: Margot’s new play, The Levinsons in the Trees, was produced at the Cavendish Theatre.
1) 785) dialog: Raleigh and Dudley went on a lecture tour to eleven universities in the promotion of their new book.
1) 789) dialog: Eli checked himself into a rehabilitation hospital in North Dakota. A tall, skinny, Native American man in his late forties w over to Eli. He and Eli are dressed in matching deerskin jackets. Eli points to him.
1) 792) dialog: Richie started a programme teaching competitive tennis to eight- to twelve- year-olds at the 375th Street Y. Uzi hits a fast serve to Richie’s forehand. Richie fire return full-speed straight down the line. Uzi watches it race past him. EXT. STREET. DAY. Royal, Chas, Ari and Uzi ride on the back of a speeding garbage truck. They are all laughing.
1) 793) dialog: Royal had a heart attack at the age of sixty-eight. 119. INT. AMBULANCE. DAY. Royal is strapped on to a gurney with tubes sticking out his arms and an oxygen mask on his face. Chas sits beside him, holding his hand. The ambulance races full-speed up wrong side of the street.
1) 794) dialog: Chas rode with him in the ambulance, and was the only witness to his father’s death. Royal appears to be smiling underneath his oxygen mask. H looks up at Chas. Chas puts his hand on Royal’s cheek. Royal closes his eyes. NARRATOR (CONT’D) In his will, he stipulated that his funeral take place at dusk.