0) 171) dialog: Hello, please. Tell Mr. Royal this is the Pagoda. INT. ELEVATOR. DAY. Royal rides down in the elevator at the Lindbergh Palace. is dressed in a gray double-breasted Savile Row pinstripe suit, a dark pink shirt, a red-and-pink-striped tie, and Aristotle Onassis-style wrap-around sunglasses. He smokes cigarette. The elevator operator has a thin, gray moustache and jet- black hair. He is Dusty. The elevator stops.
0) 180) dialog: The black man asks her to be his wife.
0) 182) dialog: She thinks about it. Royal stares off into space. He shakes his head.
0) 296) text: Page 76 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Chapter Four. EXT. STREET. EVENING. Royal gets out of a gypsy cab in front of the Tenenbaum house. He is dressed in a white bathrobe, white pajamas a red bedroom slippers. He carries a cane, but walks across the sidewalk quickly and energetically. Pagoda waits for him at the top of the steps. They shake hands. Silence.
1) 316) text: Page 147 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Chapter Six. EXT. SIDEWALK. EVENING. Etheline and Henry come down the front steps of the Tenen house. Henry is dressed in black tie. The ends of a pair theatre tickets stick out of his breast pocket. Pagoda ho a gypsy cab for them at the curb.
1) 354) text: The pill. It has pink and blue sparkles all over it and t word “Tic-Tac” printed on the side. INT. STAIRWAY. DAY. Henry goes up the stairs with a cold, determined look on face. He has the bottle of pills in his hand. 76. INT. PAGODA’S ROOM. DAY. A small room with an Indian pattern on the wallpaper. Pag lies on a hammock listening to Indian music on a portable record player. There is a knock on the door, and then it opens. Henry stands in the doorway. He stares at Pagoda.
1) 386) dialog: He has the cancer.
1) 392) dialog: Ah, shit, man.
1) 419) dialog: You son of a bitch. Pagoda’s teeth flash as he goes over to Royal and stabs with a penknife. Royal screams. He clutches his side. He falls on the ground. The gypsy cab driver watches blankly
1) 421) text: Page 198 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Chapter Seve EXT. 375TH STREET Y. DAY. A huge building that looks like a castle. A sign next to door says “375th Street Y.” INT. 375TH STREET Y. DAY. An extremely small room with a low ceiling and a single b Royal stands in front of a mirror while Pagoda stitches u the knife-wound in his side. He holds a bottle of iodine one hand and a box of bandages in the other.
1) 423) dialog: You can’t blame them, man.
1) 427) dialog: I don’t have.
1) 528) dialog: There he is, man. Pagoda points to Richie waiting at the bus stop on the corner. He is dressed in surgical scrubs and bedroom slippers. His arms are covered with bandages. Royal looks puzzled. A bus pulls over in front of Richie. The doors open. Royal calls out:
1) 638) dialog: There he goes. Royal and Richie rush over to the window. They watch Eli drop to the ground, run into the street, and hail a taxi. has on socks but no shoes. INT. ICE-CREAM PARLOR. DAY. A room decorated like a birthday cake. Every booth is fil with divorced fathers and their young daughters. Margot s across from Royal. Royal is dressed in his elevator-opera uniform. A waiter stands next to him.
1) 673) text: An invitation to Etheline’s and Henry’s wedding at th on Archer Avenue. It is nearly identical to the invitatio on the cover of the first edition of The Royal Tenenbaums EXT. STREET. DAY. Ari, Uzi and Pagoda stand in front of the house with Buck receiving the wedding guests. They help people out of the cars, give them programs for the ceremony, and direct the the front door. There are about fifty guests. Half of them are black and half are white. The members of the wedding party are dres in morning suits. Royal and Dusty get out of a gypsy cab. Royal smiles at A and Uzi. He hugs Pagoda and kisses Ari and Uzi on the top of their heads. He looks around. He whispers:
1) 716) dialog: This is the quail’s egg. Eli takes it quickly. Chas smashes open the door. Eli bod checks him and breaks out of the room. (CONTINUED)
1) 795) text: Page 275 of The Royal Tenenbaums. It says “Epilogue.” EXT. CEMETERY. DAY. Snow falls lightly, and the sky is getting dark. Everyone the family is gathered around as Chas, Richie, Henry, Raleigh, Eli, Dusty and Pagoda lower the casket. They are all bundled up in coats and scarves. They step away from grave. Henry stands next to Etheline. She takes his arm. Pagoda wears Royal’s sunglasses. Tears stream down his face. D stands beside him. Margot has her arm around Richie’s shoulder. She smokes a cigarette. Raleigh stands next to Dudley. Eli stands next to Walter. The priest is on crutches. Chas looks to Ari and Uzi standing a few yards away. He nods. Ari and Uzi fire several shots into the air with Ch and Royal’s old BB guns. Royal’s gravestone sits in a wheelbarrow next to a pile dirt. It reads “Royal O’Reilly Tenenbaum (1932-2001) Epitaph: “Died tragically rescuing his family from the wreckage of a destroyed sinking battleship.” The priest this and hesitates. He looks puzzled. He smiles slightly. Richie throws a white flower into the grave. They all sta in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to their waiting car.