4) 27) dialog: Communism is not some faraway threat; its most dangerous agents are here, controlling the airwaves and movie screens, taking over its employees and their unions. They need to be identified as the enemies they are.
17) 0) text: Congressman J. Parnell Thomas stands before REPORTERS:
17) 1) dialog: Nineteen subpoenas have been issued to those we believe have knowledge of the ongoing Communist threat in Hollywood. This announcement is greeted with a resounding... pause.
17) 3) dialog: A conspiracy to corrupt democratic values and bring about the overthrow of this nation.
17) 6) dialog: (cutting him off) Movies are the most powerful form of influence ever created and they are infested with hidden traitors who will be dragged into the light, for all to see and all to judge.
24) 19) dialog: No, no, no, no -- }
25) 1) dialog: -- no, no, no, no, no, no! -- like a four year old throwing a tantrum. CONGRESSMAN THOMAS (CONT’D) Are you now or have you ever been a member of the Communist party?
25) 5) dialog: No.
25) 9) dialog: No, no, no! Answer the question!
25) 12) dialog: You’re not asking the questions!
25) 16) dialog: Answer the question!
25) 18) dialog: Typical Communist tactics!
26) 1) dialog: Are you now or have you ever been a member of the Communist party? (CONTINUED)
26) 4) dialog: Your doctor? I don’t un --
38) 19) dialog: .--I’m going to introduce legislation so in the event of national emergency, all Communists will be sent to internment camps...
38) 21) dialog: He'd better. Stripling now appears at Thomas’ shoulder, WHISPERS in hi ear as he shows him a sheaf of monetary columns. Both Stripling’s hushed, unheard words and the document’s sheet get Thomas’ full attention. CONGRESSMAN THOMAS (CONT’D) (to the Reporters) Excuse me, gentleman. He and Stripling peel off, away from the Reporters. CONGRESSMAN THOMAS (CONT’D) I’ve told you, Bob, these are legitimate, salaried employees from my home state --
38) 23) dialog: Which is completely legal.
58) 0) text: Most PRISONERS ignore the hearing CRACKLING on a small ra but a FEW, including Virgil Brooks and Trumbo, listen. Congressman Thomas, wiping down tables, is far away... bu listens intently, glancing occasionally at -- Trumbo, stony, a flicker of sadness in his eyes --