2) 0) text: Long tables packed with SOLDIERS straining their necks to get a glimpse of their leader at the head table, but he is obscured by his detail of SS guards. ONE MAN dares to approach. The room falls silent. HITLER'S PERSONAL CHEF places a tray before the FГјhrer, producing a knife and fork, cutting a bite. We think he is going to hand feed Hitler until he places the food in his own mouth, chewing slowly, deliberately. He swallows. We wait for him to die. When he doesn't, Hitler begins to eat. The rest of the room relaxes slightly and digs in. ANGLE ON: Seated further down the table are Tresckow and his Aide. Between them, once again, is Brandt, eating like a pig, still making notes in his book. Tresckow stares.
2) 7) text: Could I trouble you to deliver a package to Colonel Stieff? Brandt nods again, too busy writing to notice the knowing glance Tresckow shares with his Aide...
3) 0) text: Tense silence. Tresckow and his Aide are hunched over two bottles of Cointreau on a large desk next to: TWO PAIRS OF BRITISH `CLAMS' - a small black plastic casing held together by magnets and adhesive tape. Tresckow inserts a short, pencil-shaped fuse through the narrow opening. All that remains exposed is a small glass capsule. The trigger. Tresckow turns his attention to the bottles of Cointreau...
5) 0) text: A clock shows us that thirty minutes have passed. Tresckow and his Aide are seated on either side of a desk staring at the telephone. Smoking. Waiting...
6) 0) text: Three hours later. The ashtray is overflowing but Tresckow and his Aide have not moved. Finally... The phone barely rings before Tresckow answers. He doesn't say a word, he only nods and hangs up.
6) 2) dialog: What about the... Tresckow is already dialing the telephone.
6) 7) dialog: Do you think he knows? Tresckow shrugs, opening a bottle of Cointreau and pouring two glasses with a shaking hand.
16) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A field of white. A three fingered hand enters the frame, gently placing a medal identical to the one just saw. PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Stauffenberg, done up in his finest dress uniform, placing said medal on an unconscious WOUNDED SOLDIER. AN AIDE stands behind him, carrying a silver tray stacked with MANY BOXES containing such medals. PULL BACK FURTHER TO REVEAL: Stauffenberg stands between two long rows of beds, each with A WOUNDED SOLDIER. Those that can respond to Stauffenberg do so with reverence. The ward is eerily silent. With only three fingers, Stauffenberg cannot pin the medals to his men. He has to settle for simply laying them on a each soldier's chest or a pillow. With each medal he presents, the task becomes harder to watch. Suddenly, Stauffenberg freezes, finding himself looking at THE YOUNG LIEUTENANT - his driver in Africa. The young man is a mass of bandages, his legs gone, his face smashed. CLOSE ON: Stauffenberg's face - the reality of Africa taking the wind out of him. Over this we hear a familiar clicking of heels and:
39) 0) text: What first catches our eye is the enormous portrait of Hitler looming over Stauffenberg's desk. Stauffenberg sits before a mountain of paperwork, surrounded on all sides by a flurry of SECRETARIES and AIDES. He looks up to find: Olbricht hovering in the doorway with that look that says, "We need to talk." Stauffenberg clearly doesn't have the time. He sighs. STAUFFENBERG                                