13) 5) dialog: (nodding, gesturing to Berthold) The Colonel's brother, Berthold.
13) 7) dialog: I will see my husband now. The Doctor wants to argue but Nina's eyes shut him down. He opens the door and they enter to find:
14) 0) text: A mass of mummy-like bandages with only small openings around the mouth and one eye. The arms and hands are also wrapped in heavy dressing. No movement but for the rise and fall of the patient's chest. Berthold cannot look. Holding back her anguish, Nina bravely turns to the Doctor. "Well?"
14) 2) dialog: His ring.
14) 5) dialog: He had a ring on his right hand. Where is it?
14) 7) dialog: Thank you.                                                As in: "That will be all." The Doctor leaves. Nina sits beside her husband. She shows him a photo of FOUR BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN - three boys and a girl. Stauffenberg tries to speak but can't. His eye begins to tear. Nina removes a ring from her finger, placing it on a chain with a cross she takes from around her neck. It is identical to the ring Stauffenberg wore in Africa. CLOSE ON: The engraving inside the band - finis- initium [end-beginning]. Nina places the ring and chain on her husband's chest, her hand lingering. She cannot hold the tears back any longer. She stands and turns away, not wanting her husband to see. Berthold takes her place. Stauffenberg struggles to speak. Berthold puts an ear to the hole where Stauffenberg's mouth is - making out his question, even if we can't. Berthold debates answering, then:
15) 0) text: Stauffenberg's bandages are gone - a black patch covering what had been his left eye. The chain with the cross and ring from Nina hangs around his neck. ANOTHER PATIENT lies motionless in the next bed. A man's belongings tell you more about him than he ever could. Stauffenberg's side of the room is neatly arranged, books of poetry and philosophy are well worn. Beside them are his own writings - the print meticulous and flowing. Up to a certain date. After that a new, child-like hand has taken over.
23) 0) text: Nina nervously fixes her hair in the mirror. LOOK DOWN TO REVEAL a small datebook with a smaller monthly calendar in the corner of the page. A red dot marks one date in particular, followed by black dots for each day that has passed since. She turns sideways, smoothing her dress over her belly. In every way she indicates to us that she is pregnant. She tucks the datebook under some sundries in her luggage and rushes down to greet her husband. We stay in the room, hearing her greet Stauffenberg O.S. Laughter at children's antics we cannot see. The phonograph skips. More laughter.
24) 0) text: Stauffenberg and Nina dance with one another to the delight of the children. We gradually PUSH IN tight on their faces, watching an entire conversation take place without dialogue. Each has a secret the other can guess. Stauffenberg looks at Nina, then her belly, first realizing and then questioning. Nina smiles and nods. Stauffenberg hugs her, delighted, but his delight is tainted with worry. Then the tables turn. Nina looks at Stauffenberg, as if divining his secret. His face never changes - a statue with that same tainted smile. In her face we see slow, grim realization. She may not know exactly what is going on, but she knows it is something. She does her best to keep smiling for the children. After the longest of moments, she nods. "All right." Then she puts her head on his shoulder, hiding her fears. It is an important moment. Read it again, taking the time to picture it in your mind. Then leave it alone. Done right it's a beautiful scene about a man, his family and the fate of the world.
25) 0) text: Nina reads a story to the children in the adjoining room - an idyllic scene. The sound of the phonograph is soft and constant. Stauffenberg picks at a late dinner, now adept at the use of only three fingers. Berthold sits across from him, deeply troubled by whatever conversation we have just missed. They speak in hushed tones.
25) 18) text: Children, that is far too- He is cut off by the appearance of his four children, all wearing cloaks made of bed sheets, pots for helmets and brandishing makeshift swords. They charge into the room, singing loudly and attacking their father. He does his best to defend himself with one hand. Their commotion causes the phonograph to skip. And you'd think that's where it ends. We even pull back, creating that effect. It takes a moment to notice the wailing sound we're suddenly hearing is not on the phonograph. Nina hears it first, then Stauffenberg and Berthold. Finally the children freeze and the phonograph skips without their help. The glasses on the table rattle. Now we hear the wailing quite clearly. A siren. STAUFFENBERG (CONT'D)
32) 0) text: A car loaded with luggage. Stauffenberg hugs his children, one by one, before placing them inside. Then he turns to face Nina. As always, there is much to be said that they cannot say. She gently touches the silver chain around his neck, the ring and the cross she gave him. They embrace tightly and kiss. She gets in the car, looking at him through the back window as she is driven away.
48) 2) text: ...After that I thought I'd take the children to the country for a few days to see my- Claus? He snaps out of his thoughts. "Hmmm?" NINA (CONT'D)
48) 5) text: Nina. Listen. I want you to delay your trip. Just for a while. She wants to ask, he wants to tell her. Finally: NINA
48) 7) text: I would just be more comfortable knowing where you are - until I'm back from Berlin. Things will be different then. I promise. Long pause. Once again, a couple who know each other well enough to not have to say things plainly. Nina is worried but strong. NINA
48) 9) text: A few days. If all goes well. Then we can travel as a family. NINA
48) 12) text: I love you, Nina.
48) 13) dialog: And I love you... What-
48) 15) dialog: Go be with your children. Stauffenberg stands, touching Nina's cheek and kissing her forehead. We stay on her as he joins the children. She watches them play together, seeing her husband laughing for the first time in a long while. Her eyes well with tears - a mixture of happiness and anguish. Too good to last, too much to bear.
69) 0) text: Nina and her children eat supper around a single candle, Bamberg is experiencing a blackout. Though Nina manages a tranquil facade she is anything but. ANGLE ON: The silent telephone in the foreground. We wait for it to ring, but it never does.
153) 22) text: No one will be spared.                                And as Fromm motions for Herber to take Stauffenberg away, we hear music, faintly at first - accompanied by the subtle hiss and crackles of a phonograph... It is the piece Stauffenberg and Nina were dancing to one night long ago... Over this: A voice. A man speaking in German - faint at first, crackling over the radio. HITLER (V.O.)                             