8) 0) text: Footsteps echo through the cavernous hallways. Tresckow marches with purpose through the numerous security checkpoints. It is a long, suspenseful walk. He is aware of someone walking up behind him, getting closer. We think he's done for, but a BESPECTACLED, MIDDLE-AGED OFFICER overtakes him and whispers:
8) 1) dialog: What happened?
10) 2) text: Moving rapidly through an olive grove in the otherwise wasted desert. A column of tanks, trucks and heavy equipment flow by with a sense of barely contained chaos. Men dismantle tents from around others dumping documents into burning oil drums. In the middle of it we find a tall, handsome young officer (age 35). He wears an Afrika Korps uniform complete with Colonel's badges, staying cooler than the other side of your pillow. He directs men this way and that, holding back panic.
15) 7) text: I'm a field officer. Olbricht steps closer, speaking openly now. OLBRICHT
19) 0) text: Soft knocking at the front door is further muffled by heavy black-out curtains. A YOUNG OFFICER enters the frame, dousing the lights, parting the curtains and opening the door to reveal a SHADOWY FIGURE on the stoop. The figure steps into the half light to reveal his fresh scars and eye-patch. And from the dark quiet of the foyer we CUT TO:
20) 0) text: Chaos. The air is thick with cigar smoke and harsh words. A DOZEN MEN - some officers, some civilians - are fighting bitterly, everyone talking at once. Stauffenberg enters unnoticed, escorted in by the YOUNG OFFICER who immediately ducks out again. Stauffenberg scans the faces in the room. We recognize Olbricht and Tresckow. With them we find... A distinguished gentleman in his early sixties:
20) 21) text: (re: Stauffenberg) He's a field officer. He knows the army better than any of us. I want to hear his opinion. TRESCKOW                             (to Stauffenberg)
20) 35) text: You said yourself, I'm a field                            officer. You all may understand                           government, but I know the men. A                         great many of them may hate Hitler,                       but they all fear him - they fear                         Himmler, Goebbels, the whole of the                       Reich. That kind of fear won't just                       die with Hitler. And as for                               respect: the army, and the people,                        respect only one thing. Authority.                        And if just one man questions that                        authority, you can lose them all.                         (to Beck, pointed)                             
25) 10) text: I seem to remember you telling me about reports from the Ukraine - the SS forcing Jews to dig their own graves. You said then that Hitler should be removed. An officer's duty, you said. What's changed? STAUFFENBERG
25) 11) text: I said senior officers. The only men that can get to him.                            BERTHOLD
35) 6) text: Combat groups will be reorganized as reinforced grenadier regiments. One or two of them can be quickly mobilized, eliminating the usual six hour lag. We blitz the government quarter, arrest all Ministers and Party leaders, surround all SS and police barracks. Any officers who resist will be arrested... or shot. CRACK. A carriage return as loud as a rifle-shot.
37) 0) text: A wild party - a small band, German officers, plenty of women. In stark contrast, two GESTAPO MEN sip coffee at a corner table, keeping a watchful eye on the crowd. A WAITER carries a tray of drinks to a rowdy group in the corner who are immersed in the denial common to Berlin these days. The Waiter serves carefully, making sure one particular drink goes to:
38) 19) text: But don't delude yourself. You were involved in a crime against your country long before you met me. There's still time to redeem yourself. Only God can judge you now. BANG. The door bursts open, startling them both. But it is only a DRUNKEN OFFICER and a YOUNG WOMAN looking for some privacy. DRUNKEN OFFICER
42) 0) text: Est. Hitler's forboding southern headquarters. TITLES: THE BERGHOF. 7 JUNE 1944. Stauffenberg walks up a flight of wide marble stairs - at the top he sees a group of WAITING ADJUTANTS quietly smoking cigarettes - a clique of devoted Nazis. In the group is Major Freyend, the wormy officer we saw outside Fromm's office. He watches Stauffenberg pass, aloof. We hate him.
43) 7) text: May I say, I am honored to meet a hero who has sacrificed so much for Germany. If only more of my officers were like you. Hitler's cronies smile despite the subtle insult to themselves. To make it worse, Hitler turns to them.
58) 2) text: Your man? Yes. And it is none other than GENERAL ERICH FELLGIEBEL, the man Stauffenberg confronted in the bathroom at the Officers' Club so long ago. He and Stauffenberg share a long, intense stare. Finally, Fellgiebel nods, dropping his cigarette and crushing it with his boot. He's in. Stauffenberg and Haeften head inside the impervious bunker through the heavy steel door.
59) 0) text: Stauffenberg and Haeften find themselves in a cramped, hot, windowless room filled with VARIOUS OFFICERS waiting around a large conference table. Silence. A moment later, Hitler enters - Keitel and Fromm follow close behind. Heels click in unison. Keitel starts the meeting, but Stauffenberg isn't listening. While all eyes follow Hitler, Stauffenberg watches the door, scanning the faces in the room.
64) 2) text: What the hell is going on? My men have been standing here for an hour. I don't know what to tell them. CLOSE ON REMER (the officer we told you to remember) standing before the ranks. He eyes Hase and Olbricht suspiciously, trying to hear what they are saying. After a moment, Hase addresses the men.
73) 0) text: Stauffenberg has since mastered the process of dressing himself. JUMP CUTS take us from a wounded soldier to an officer of the General Staff. CLOSE ON: His crisp white collar, picking up a trace of blood from the cut on his throat.
77) 0) text: A group of 30 RESISTANCE OFFICERS talk quietly, smoking cigarettes and waiting anxiously. Many of the faces we recognize, some we see for the first time. We notice Witzleben has donned his old military uniform, looking a little too proud. Beck looks over the faces of these men, trying to contain his own fear. His eye catches the door opening and a MAN IN A DECORATED POLICE UNIFORM entering the room. We tense. One by one, the men in the room stop talking, staring at the police officer. Just as we think it's over:
89) 0) text: TWO OFFICERS are already waiting. They stand...
89) 4) text: Indeed. I've got the whole bag of tricks right here. The officers laugh nervously, relieved he was not insulted. Idiots. Meanwhile, Freyend steps toward Haeften, reaching for the handle of his briefcase. FREYEND
97) 0) text: In the room beyond we see Hitler at the end of a long table surrounded by RANKING OFFICERS. One by one, they present their individual briefings to the nodding FГјhrer. Stauffenberg whispers to Freyend.
98) 0) text: A small room measuring 15 by 32 feet. Stifling heat. We notice again that the windows are open to let in some air. Hitler and his officers hunch over a long, heavy table covered in detailed maps of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. LIEUTENANTS and SERGEANTS continually tiptoe in and out of the room. A GENERAL stands beside Hitler in the middle of his briefing:
98) 4) text: As you can see, Mein FГјhrer, the situation in the East Prussian sector is increasingly critical... (and on and on...) Freyend startles Stauffenberg slightly when he takes him by the arm, moving him to his place at the table - less than half a step from Hitler. He is squeezed in between two other officers. We suck in wind when we see who one of them is... COLONEL HEINZ BRANDT - the same Brandt who carried the bottles of Cointreau onto Hitler's plane so long ago. He still scribbles in his damn datebook. Freyend sets the briefcase beside Stauffenberg - bumping Brandt's leg. Brandt looks down at the briefcase - long enough to make us nervous. He watches as Stauffenberg nonchalantly bends down, sliding the briefcase as close to Hitler as possible, leaning it against the heavy wooden table support immediately to the right of Hitler's foot. Stauffenberg looks back at the open door, glances at his watch. He can clearly see Sergeant Adam, the telephone operator. Where is his God-damn phone call? Around him generals talk, Hitler nods, but we hear nothing. Only the pulse of Stauffenberg's heartbeat in his own ears - the only thing betraying his otherwise outward calm. He looks down at the briefcase - the bomb just under his feet. He looks at Hitler nodding. The longer we stay, the more excruciating it is. So we milk it. Stauffenberg is startled when a hand touches his arm. The annoying Freyend is there, whispering in his ear. Keitel sees this, irritated by the interruption. Stauffenberg makes a gesture to Keitel with his hand, indicating a phone call. Keitel is not pleased.
104) 0) text: The hut explodes outward like a house of cards. Bodies are thrown clear. Everyone hits the deck except Stauffenberg. He just keeps walking. A great cloud of smoke billows from the ruins. The sky is alive with a swirl of burnt paper scraps and ash. STUNNED OFFICERS are running about. Shouting. Screaming. Absolute chaos. Even knowing it was coming, Haeften is stunned. Stauffenberg walks up to the communications building and takes him by the arm, turning to Fellgiebel.
105) 1) text: I said Olbricht. General Olbricht at the War Ministry. The call is urgent. A breathless COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER enters, pointing in mute shock to the ruin outside. COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER
107) 0) text: Fellgiebel waits to be connected to the War Ministry in Berlin. His Communications Officer awaits orders. This makes it hard for Fellgiebel to speak plainly. He plays up his distress for his audience. FELLGIEBEL (INTO PHONE)
107) 3) text: I'm sorry. Please come again. But Fellgiebel's officer is watching him, trying to hear. Fellgiebel has no choice but to hang up.
121) 0) text: A light drizzle. A man jabbering in Italian O.S. We get our first good look at the demolished briefing hut. That anyone survived is a miracle. Officers crowd around the smoldering ruins, the FГјhrer himself heading this procession. He wears new clothes, nodding, smiling politely to the jabbering Italian O.S. A slight wince is the only indication that he was damn near blown to bits just hours ago. COME AROUND TO REVEAL none other than BENITO MUSSOLINI speaking an incessant stream of Italian. HITLER'S P.O.V. Blissful silence. Mussolini's blathering falls literally on deaf ears.
133) 0) text: Looking out at the shocked faces of Olbricht, Mertz, Beck and Stauffenberg. PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Olbricht's office is packed to the four walls with GERMAN OFFICERS - all of them standing in silence, looking at the leaders of the Resistance with great respect. Stauffenberg walks in and the crowd parts, solemn and silent, nodding and whispering thanks. A YOUNG OFFICER steps forward. He looks hauntingly like the Lieutenant who drove Stauffenberg in Africa.
135) 0) text: General Hase, the Berlin Commandant, stands before a giant map of Berlin, addressing a roomful of NAZI OFFICERS.
138) 0) text: The Fat General pushes past ONLOOKING OFFICERS.
146) 0) text: Stauffenberg works frantically in a room full of officers - the energy here being the antithesis of Goebbels' office - the morale quickly waning. He ignores the radio, writing orders, making phone calls, fighting to keep the coup alive. But we know now his orders are hitting a dead end. RADIO ANNOUNCER
146) 10) text: Field Marshal Witzleben is right. I                   am the officer in charge. I am the                    man responsible. No one else.                         Olbricht is moved and rightly so. Meanwhile: WITZLEBEN
148) 0) text: The officers file in, making a beeline for a locker in the corner of the room. Inside are all manner of sub-machine guns, pistols, grenades...
153) 0) text: Stauffenberg, Olbricht, Beck, Mertz and Haeften, the last of the conspiracy, are held at gunpoint. A smug Fromm enters, followed by Herber, the Fat General, Remer and numerous GUN-TOTING OFFICERS.
154) 0) text: A series of images of the coup being reversed as the Nazis take back power, made all the more poignant by the lonely sound of the phonograph, the music slowly rising, growing clearer and eventually becoming score over the silent images of: Conspirators being rounded up and arrested. Among them are faces we recognize... Goerdeler, dragged from a hotel bed by SS OFFICERS as his informing INNKEEPER watches from the doorway.