10) 2) text: Moving rapidly through an olive grove in the otherwise wasted desert. A column of tanks, trucks and heavy equipment flow by with a sense of barely contained chaos. Men dismantle tents from around others dumping documents into burning oil drums. In the middle of it we find a tall, handsome young officer (age 35). He wears an Afrika Korps uniform complete with Colonel's badges, staying cooler than the other side of your pillow. He directs men this way and that, holding back panic.
19) 0) text: Soft knocking at the front door is further muffled by heavy black-out curtains. A YOUNG OFFICER enters the frame, dousing the lights, parting the curtains and opening the door to reveal a SHADOWY FIGURE on the stoop. The figure steps into the half light to reveal his fresh scars and eye-patch. And from the dark quiet of the foyer we CUT TO:
20) 0) text: Chaos. The air is thick with cigar smoke and harsh words. A DOZEN MEN - some officers, some civilians - are fighting bitterly, everyone talking at once. Stauffenberg enters unnoticed, escorted in by the YOUNG OFFICER who immediately ducks out again. Stauffenberg scans the faces in the room. We recognize Olbricht and Tresckow. With them we find... A distinguished gentleman in his early sixties:
133) 0) text: Looking out at the shocked faces of Olbricht, Mertz, Beck and Stauffenberg. PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Olbricht's office is packed to the four walls with GERMAN OFFICERS - all of them standing in silence, looking at the leaders of the Resistance with great respect. Stauffenberg walks in and the crowd parts, solemn and silent, nodding and whispering thanks. A YOUNG OFFICER steps forward. He looks hauntingly like the Lieutenant who drove Stauffenberg in Africa.
133) 1) dialog: Colonel Stauffenberg, sir. We're reporting for duty. Stauffenberg is moved beyond words. Suddenly, what was once a small clutch of discarded generals and politicians is now a movement of motivated men. Stauffenberg nods, collects himself. In the crowd he finds Helldorf, the head of the Berlin Police, whom we met earlier. At first he speaks quietly, humbled.