33) 0) text: A big banner that reads: CONGRATULATIONS RICHARD AND MARG with wedding bells and a graphic showing the journey from York to Sitka.   The banner is being held up by a group o PEOPLE with excited looks on their faces. Richard's mom DEBBIE (60) is front and center.   She's a lady who cooked Richard a hot breakfast every morning unt left the house. GRANDMA ANNIE (89) also waits.   She's lived a long time doesn't have a lot of time to screw around. When they see Richard, they SCREAM.   Margaret's face dro
33) 17) dialog: It's nice to meet you.   Now, do you prefer being called Margaret, or the Dragon Lady? We've heard it both ways. Everyone laughs.
33) 24) dialog: It's not like he hasn't told her that he used to call her the Dragon Lady.   They're getting married.
33) 44) dialog: Oh, we cancelled your reservation.   You're part of the family now.     Family doesn't stay at a hotel.   Also, we've got another little surprise for you two.
34) 2) dialog: ...you're getting married this weekend!
34) 5) dialog: 
34) 12) dialog: ...or friends...
34) 14) dialog: Engagement party tonight...
34) 17) dialog: Just quaint.   During the solstice it's good luck.   It's an Alaskan thing.
34) 19) dialog: I'm old, Margaret.   I don't have much time left.   Richard lives so far away, and I never see him.   Now I find out he's getting married, and I have a chance to see my one grandchild's wedding day.   It's a dream come true for me.   A dream come true.   Please let me see Richard get married before I die. Please. Long beat.   Richard doesn't know what Margaret is going Margaret doesn't know what Margaret is going to say.   Fi she goes to speak, but can only get out... two big thumbs The crowd cheers.
36) 8) dialog: To tell you the truth, we had a lot of the plans made already for my birthday.   Just a few changes here and there, and we made this weekend a wedding. Margaret stares at Richard.
39) 14) dialog: Help him with the bags Geoffrey. (to Richard and Margaret) Let's get you two settled. As Richard and Margaret move towards the house, Annie sho Geoffrey a look that says "be nice".
43) 61) dialog: Now Richard, what I want to know is how you proposed. This grabs the group's full attention.   Everyone loves t story like this.
43) 72) dialog: You are a good boy Richard, and you make me very proud.   I love you Richy.
47) 11) dialog: Just sit there dear.
47) 16) dialog: Ramone was the only male dancer on the island for years. No one has the heart to tell him to hang it up.
47) 18) dialog: Thank you dear, but let's keep it our secret.
72) 44) dialog: Is she singing about balls?
72) 46) dialog: Oh, you poor dear.   Geoffrey, you can't do this! (to Margaret) He's an eighth Tlingit, dear.
73) 2) dialog: This was my dress from 1929.   My mother made it by hand.   Amazing how things come back into style.   How does it fit? Margaret speaks through the door.
73) 4) dialog: Drum roll! Grandma and Debbie enthusiastically make drum roll sounds Margaret opens the door and smiles.   She's unsure of her looks fantastic.   The dress fits great, except... GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) Your boobs are bigger than mine ever were.
73) 15) dialog: Debbie, please.   We've got work to do.
73) 17) dialog: You go work downstairs, I'll finish this. Debbie tries to calm down, but can't. GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) Go! Debbie nods in agreement.   Smiling from ear to ear, she tears.   Margaret and Annie watch her go. GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) Had to get rid of her before I gave you this.   Don't think she woulda recovered. Grandma Annie comes from behind and puts her arms around Margaret's neck.   When she is done, a stunning blue neck on Margaret's neck. GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) You needed something blue.   It's silly, but I didn't want to take any chances.
73) 19) dialog: It's hematite.   Alaska diamonds.   The blue ones like this are very rare.   My great grandfather gave it to my great grandmother when they were married.   They were quite a scandal, you know.   He was Russian and she was Tlingit. (MORE)
73) 26) dialog: Don't know.   But I'm sure happy they did, none of us would be here if they hadn't. Grandma and Margaret admire the necklace in the mirror. GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) I want you to have it. This is awful news for Margaret.   She might as well be s from Annie.
73) 28) dialog: I don't want to hear it.   It's yours. Grandmothers like to give their stuff away to their grandchildren.   Makes us feel like we'll always be a part of your life, even after we're gone. Take it. Margaret puts her hand to the necklace, and for the first feels like a complete and total fraud. GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) Are you feeling all right, dear? Margaret doesn't speak.   Annie patiently waits for her r
73) 30) dialog: Oh, don't worry about that.   We've got these seams by the arm, this'll be easy. Annie marks up the dress with tailor's chalk. GRANDMA ANNIE (cont'd) We can fix this no problem. Margaret smiles, but knows that Annie couldn't be more wr
79) 1) dialog: If I were one to brag, I'd say that dress is perfect.
79) 3) dialog: Those'll be your best friend.   Wedding shoes stink.   You ready?
80) 2) dialog: Is that your song, dear?
80) 10) dialog: It's me, Ramone. Margaret gives Annie a kiss, and then turns to Richard. whisper while they walk up to Ramone.
100) 14) dialog: That's all we ever wanted. Grandma Annie gives Margaret and Richard a big hug.   Deb in.   Then Geoffrey.   Passengers cheer.