1) 3) text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD--a Protestor's poster visible. "Remember the Victim." With a picture of LAUREN RANDALL, the deceased, who bears a striking resemblance to survivi sister Erin. And another sign--"Happy Birthday Alex."
3) 0) text: CLANG. The barred door opens and the cake swoops in, land on a small table next to a CHESS GAME in progress and an untouched last meal. ADJUST to find... ALEX CORVIS. Twenty-One today. Disarmingly appealing. Peaceful. Simple clothes. He looks up from the game, at.. PETER WALSH, Alex's pro-bono attorney and only friend, trying not to explode at this shit-eating stunt.
3) 5) text: Despite himself, Alex looks up. Mercer gestures at... THE CAKE in the middle of the candles, an arm made of frostin with a large ZIGZAG marking on the forearm, also frosting FAVORING ALEX looking from the cake up to Mercer, who nod at the candles.
3) 8) text: Alex focusses on the chess board. Tries to anyway.
6) 0) text: CLOSE. A Chess piece, a CASTLE, shoved at CAMERA. ADJUST to INCLUDE ALEX. He breathes deliberately, trying to hold it together. His hand shakes as he removes it from the piece.
6) 2) text: Alex gets up, crosses to a small ledge on the other side of the cell that holds a few books and pictures. He finds A PICTURE OF LAUREN AND ALEX In a grove of tall trees. A self-portrait by autotimer. Arms around each other. Her head on his shoulder. Happy. RESUME Alex staring at the photo, taped to the wall.
6) 3) dialog: What's been holding me together is the hope that maybe you do go someplace. And I'll be seeing her again soon. Only what will I say? That I was too stupid to find the guy who killed her? That he's down here laughing?
6) 5) dialog: We won't.
7) 0) text: Alex still gazing at the picture of Lauren. At the board, Walsh moves a piece.
7) 5) text: It really is. Other prison personnel arrive outside the cell in various uniforms: A MINISTER with clerical collar, the WARDEN, two GUARDS. Waiting. Walsh crosses, very emotional how. Gives Alex a huge hug.
7) 6) dialog: I don't want you to watch. I don't want to give them the pleasure.
8) 0) text: Dead Man Walking. A mini parade past the cells of the condemned. One guard flanks Alex, another follows. The Warden and Minister out in front. HANDS extend from the other cells as Alex passes. Unable to touch, but he reaches for them, a gesture of solidarit Mercer catches up with the group, flanking Alex cell-side Alex drops his hand, cut off even from that.
10) 0) text: The CHAIR, an atavism, sits alone a moment before the entourage enters and begins a surprisingly well choreographed last dance. The Warden gestures, and Alex is escorted to his place in the chair. The Guards move in, death attendants now.
10) 2) text: THE MINISTER CONTINUES as... CLOSE. Handstraps tightened. WHOP. WHOP. Alex squirms despite his resolve. Through an act of will, calms himsel Looks up at... THE PHONE. On the wall. A last possibility of reprise. CLOSE. Trouser legs slit. Footstraps tightened around bar ankles. Electrodes checked. CLOSE. Chest strap tightened. Yanked again for good measu ALEX gasps. It's hard to breathe now with the strap tight across his chest. CLOSE. Copper mesh. Pieces of sponge jerry-sewn onto it, the irregular stitching giving it an unsettling natural appearance. ADJUST to REVEAL this is the electrode in the odd leather HELMET tightened now on Alex's head. THE EXECUTIONER. Pulls a hood over his own obscured face. Moves behind a half curtain at the side of the room.
10) 6) text: SLAP. The Minister shuts his bible. WIDER. Some weird sin Alex strapped into the chair, unable to move. The guards exit, jobs done. The Warden nots and...
10) 9) text: A thick silence. Alex looks unprepared, uneasy as he scan a sea of hostile faces, settling on Erin and her dad.
10) 10) dialog: I loved Lauren. I still do. I'm innocent.
10) 11) text: Erin shakes her head, disgusted. Looks away. ALEX'S POV - THE LAST SECONDS OF HIS LIFE SLOWING in his inner perception, movement ramping down as Alex scans the disbelieving faces. The Phone. Silent. No reprise. The Observation Room witne door opens. A Guard in the back row deferentially offers his seat to the NEW ARRIVAL, a man in dark clothes, his face obscured by REFLECTIONS in the plexiglass. As he UNBUTTONS his shirt cuff... The warden steps to the side of the room, nods to the executioner who lifts a COVER off a large switch. The New Arrival pulls his shirtsleeve back over his forea exposing a scar for Alex, THE SCAR, an odd zigzag pattern of raised welts, a pattern deliberately formed of skin. The Executioner throws the switch. ON ALEX SHAKING violen as he fights to stay alive, time extremely subjective now as he chokes out...
10) 12) dialog: (indistinct, filtered) Murderer!
10) 13) text: The word bubbles up as if from underwater, audible only t Alex. Alex wrenches his head, a superhuman act of will trying to ID the Scar Man through the reflections.
11) 3) text: They WIPE past, Alex's charred remains visible a moment, parts of the helmet fused on his face and head, his body convulsed in a pugilistic attitude.
12) 2) text: CRUNCH. The sound of something breaking as the SHOVE Alex into the cubby hole.
13) 0) text: CLOSE on the PICTURE of Alex and Lauren. ADJUST to include Walsh, looking at it. Pained. Still try to understand. He secures it to the lid of the case alrea containing the neatly packed chess set. Closes it. Bows his head.
16) 0) text: INSIDE THE LOCKER. A human EYE BLINKS. Barely visible in the darkness. Alex KICKS with a YELL and... IN THE MORGUE.  The locker door flies open and Alex spill onto the floor. Gropes a few seconds on hands and knees before a SHADOW passes over him evoking a primitive response. He cowers, looks up at... A LARGE CROW flutters through the bars of a high window, lands near him on the floor. It looks at him, then flaps its way up to the autopsy countertop, cocks its head. Fol me. ALEX strains to pull himself up on the gurney that brough him here. HIS POV as he slowly rises above the gurney--the Crow in front of a mirror over the splash sink. It flies off, revealing Alex's reflection. Charred. Hideous. ALEX drops back to the floor with a SCREAM. Turns, sees himself in a stainless door and SMASHES it with his fist. THE BASHED STAINLESS DOOR the word "MORGUE," painted on the wall behind Alex, brought into focus at the center of the concavity. ALEX thrashes, trying to avoid his reflection, but the dim mirrors have him surrounded. THE CROW flaps down, crazed too, as if in empathy. CAWING loudly, finally getting Alex's attention. ALEX settles, hazards another look at his reflection in stainless steel His body looks less misshapen now. He looks at his arms, hands, no longer burned. Pulls himself up on the gurney again, cautiously. OVER ALEX as he slowly rises above the gurney a second time, looks in the mirror. His body miraculously HEALED, covered by shredded clothing. His face obscured by the meltdown helmet. He slowly approaches the mirror on unsteady feet.
16) 1) dialog: (to his own reflection) What happened?
16) 2) text: Alex starts to tear away the helmet and gets a first frightening FLASH as his fingers touch it...
17) 0) text: The Crow hops out into the hallway, flies toward us, land with a CAW as Alex enters the hallway, framed against hig walls. His tentative movements growing more assured.
17) 1) dialog: Follow the leader.
17) 2) text: The Crow flies off and Alex follows, to... A DOOR marked "No Unauthorized Entry." As they pass through...
21) 0) text: Alex looks around his now empty cell. On the wall is a rectangle, clearer than the wall around it, where the photograph of Alex and Lauren had been before Walsh remov it. Alex goes up to thewall and touches the spot. FLASH! ALEX'S INTERNAL POV FLASH of LAUREN, laughing as she beckons to someone, Alex, who joins her in frame as w hear the whir of the camera auto-timer. A click, as the picture is taken. Alex and Lauren are frozen in the pose of Alex's photograph. RESUME The picture is gone. Alex, perplexed, stands looki at the blank spot on the wall for a moment. He turns and exits the cell...
22) 0) text: Mercer is peering through the double-barred gate at the end of the row as Alex emerges from his former cell.
22) 2) text: Alex looks up, sees Mercer and FLASH... ALEX'S INTERNAL POV A pop of Mercer bringing the birthday cake. A wash of flame, twenty one candles. A blip of Wals Of a White King. RESUME Alex perplexed, looking at the cake still litterin the floor of his ex-cell, candles melted down. Mercer wor his way through the double-barred doors onto the row.
22) 4) text: The INMATE occupying the cell next to Alex's peers out through the bars, vanishes again as Mercer WHOPS the bars once with his nightstick.
22) 5) dialog: It's my birthday.
22) 9) text: WHOOSH. Mercer swings his NIGHTSTICK at Alex's head. Alex catches it, instinctively in one hand. Mercer reaches for A RED PANIC BUTTON hanging off his guard belt. Mercer sla it. FAVORING ALEX lets go of the stick, looks at his own hand, surprised. WHAM!  Mercer broadsides Alex's head with the stick. Alex goes down shocked, not from pain, from the fact that some would attack him. WHAM WHAM WHAM. Mercer brutalizes Alex, collapsed at his feet as... TWO GUARDS enter the far end of the Row, race toward Alex's cell, one holding a TASER. Its LASER SIGHT finds Alex, crumpled in front of Mercer.
22) 11) text: Looks like it's over. The guards relax. ALEX suddenly loo up at Mercer. Zero damage from the blows.
22) 12) dialog: Go ahead. Make a wish.
22) 14) text: Alex wheels around as Guard One squeezes the trigger. CROWVISION The Taser Darts speed toward Camera. RESUME Alex shunts himself to the side and the TASER DART impale themselves in Mercer's thighs. He drops fibrillati A CHEER goes up from the men in their cells, who become progressively rowdier as the guards BOLT and Alex follows strength in his stride, nightstick in hand. Pieces of FLAMING TOILETPAPER flung now from the cells of Deathrow. AT THE FAR ENTRANCE the two Guards scramble to get the door closed behind them before Alex catches up. They'd make it except Alex hurls... THE NIGHTSTICK flying end over end like a throwing knife, catching the trailing guard in the back of the head, dropping him in the door, propping it open. ALEX enters the cage entrance to Deathrow, sharing the space with the Guard still standing.
22) 15) dialog: (pats pockets, then) Keys?
24) 0) text: The Crow flaps up the stairwell. Alex on its heels, takin steps three at a time. AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRWELL The Crow waits on a LANDING with a door marked "Emergency Use Only." Plus a dozen lin of assorted instructions. Guards' feet THUNDER below, approaching.
24) 1) dialog: I hear the pitter patter of little feet.
25) 0) text: Dark a moment. Then a HUGE SPOTLIGHT hits Alex, casting long shadows. He looks up at a GUARD TOWER, the source of the light. And of a BULLHORN VOICE.
25) 2) text: As if in defiance, the Crow hops toward the fence, old chain link topped with razorwire along the perimeter of the roof. BULLHORN VOICE CONTINUES as Alex follows... ALEX'S POV through the fence, down fifty feet to the pavement.
25) 3) dialog: Damn.
25) 4) text: Alex turns, sees... A HALF DOZEN GUARDS emerge from the stairwell to the top of the roof, level weapons at Alex.
26) 0) text: AT THE BASE OF "THE WALLS" Alex hits, flushing PIGEONS, that fill frame with manic wings. As the SPOTLIGHT sweeps toward Alex he rolls off, over th sidewalk, between two parked cars.
28) 0) text: AT THE BASE OF "THE WALLS" Illuminated by spill from the Spotlight, Alex crouches between two cars. He leans forwa checking his reflection in a CHROME HUBCAP. A huge smile spreads over his face.
28) 1) dialog: Happy birthday.
31) 0) text: SMASH. A hand punches through a sash window, right throug the imbedded security wires, roughly rips off the latch inside. Retracts, bleeding. The window opens. It's Alex, on the fire escape, checking out his arm as th BLEEDING STOPS. Alex follows the Crow into the dark room packed with file cabinets and evidence bins, wire lockers. And a desk, str with POLICE FORMS. Plus a vertical SPIKE with processed evidence request FORMS impaled on it.
31) 1) dialog: (checking out desk) Police? Evidence? (then, to Crow) Look. I like what we've got going here. But I can think of lots better to do with it than fighting crime. Know what I mean?
31) 2) text: The Crow makes its way to a file cabinet, the top drawer marked "Cl-Cr."  Alex lingers a moment at the desk, eye o the spike. WHOP. Alex drives his hand onto the SPIKE. Looks up, delighted. CAW. The Crow gives Alex an admonishing look. Alex pulls the spike from his hand. Instant healing.
31) 3) dialog: Ok, ok... what?
31) 4) text: Alex opens the top drawer. Looking for... he's not sure what. Glibly goes through folders.
31) 5) dialog: Nothing under "Crow."
31) 6) text: He stops. Pulls out the first FILE out in a thick section marked "CORVIS, ALEXANDER F." Having caught a glimpse of. IN THE FILE - ALEX'S MUG SHOT And rap sheet. X-CLOSE. We see "Murder 1st degree," "Penalty Phase: Find for Execution."
31) 7) dialog: Execution?
31) 11) dialog: (remembering) Lauren...
31) 12) text: ALEX rips the drawer out of the file cabinet, dumps it CRASHING on the ground. He drops to the floor with a grow sense of dread, feeling with both hands, finding... A SPLAY OF PHTOGRAPHS encased in plastic -- the prosecutions' background presentation on Alex and Lauren. The first photo shows LAUREN Posing jauntily, her arm aro a Snowman. She and the Snowman wear matching Boston Red Sox caps. ALEX'S INTERNAL POV On Alex, anticipating...WHAP!  A snowball nails him square in the face. WIDE to reveal LAUREN running for cover as Young Alex sco up snow for ammo. He lobs a snowball at Lauren, just as she slips to the ground. she doesn't get up right away. Alex is just a shade concernec as he runs over to her. He reaches the spot to find LAUREN in the snow, waving her arms and legs to make a snow angel. She looks up at him and beckons him to lie on top of her.
31) 13) dialog: What are you, an Angel?
31) 15) text: RESUME Alex's pained smile at the memory, until he finds: THE MURDER WEAPON A rough looking hunting knife bagged an tagged as "AC-005: Murder Weapon." ALEX frantic now, spreading out the file contents, finding... CRIME SCENE PHOTOS In a Grove of tall trees, Lauren Randall's stabbed and mutilated body, her neck slashed, head lolling sideways, melds with...
32) 0) text: ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Brief glimpses of Lauren with Alex in the Grove, happy, like the still photo Alex kept in his cell.
33) 0) text: RESUME Alex full-blown tortured now, throwing things.
33) 1) dialog: No! I didn't...!
33) 2) text: Alex SMASHES his own head against the metal file cabinets wounding himself on the handles, droplets of blood flying now, spattering the evidence on the floor.
34) 0) text: ALEX'S INTERNAL POV A tunnelvision pop of Tommy Leonard o the witness stand. The knife held up for him by an unseen lawyer.
35) 0) text: RESUME Alex shakes his head "no." Incredulous, horrified. The fury abating with a growing sense of mission.
35) 1) dialog: You lie, you lie, you lie...
35) 2) text: Alex fishing through the detritus around him, finding... "THE LIST" A list of witnesses by category with contact numbers, addresses. Alex's finger finds Eyewitness Thomas Leonard.
35) 3) dialog: Thomas Leonard.
35) 4) text: THE DOOR TO THE EVIDENCE ROOM opens. A YOUNG COP enters, walks slowly past rows of file cabine looking down empty aisles until finding the file drawerfu Alex dumped. But Alex is gone. The Young Cop looks up as the Crow departs through the window and two other cops arrive. One of them Dutton.
36) 0) text: CAMERA DRIFTS down through dark trees FINDING Alex at a grave beneath a sheltering tree.
36) 1) dialog: I thought I'd be with you now.
36) 6) text: As Alex wipes by... RESUME Camera continues to circle Alex at the grave.
36) 7) dialog: I'm not dead. And I'm not alive. And I'm remembering. And it hurts.
36) 8) text: ALEX'S INTERNAL POV More goof kung fu, the circle closing Lauren laughing more, searching for words.
36) 11) dialog: I can't be alive. Not without you.
36) 12) text: ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Lauren's starting to crack up, trying to think of what comes next.
36) 16) dialog: I want to be with you forever.
36) 17) text: ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Lauren in his arms as the kiss ends, and she answers a question we never heard.
36) 19) text: RESUME OVER THE CROW. Camera stops circling. Alex looks u at the headstone, silent tears in his eyes as...
36) 20) dialog: What happened to us?
38) 0) text: The Benz stops on the roadway beneath Lauren's grave. The door opens... ERIN gets out in the pouring rain pulling her jacket HOOD up over her head. Locket in hand she runs to... LAUREN'S GRAVE The tree a shelter from the downpour.  Eri approaching the headstone when Alex emerges from behind the trunk. Drenched. She YELPS.
38) 1) dialog: It's ok. I'm not going to hurt you.
38) 6) dialog: I was a friend of your sister's.
38) 8) dialog: That locket you're holding. You have one just like it.
38) 11) dialog: Your father gave them to both of you.
38) 13) dialog: Someone else did it.
38) 15) dialog: He didn't kill her.
38) 17) dialog: I know everything about your sister. I'll prove it to you.
39) 2) text: He shakes his head--don't need that grief--continues on t the next building and CAMERA FINDS... ALEX watching, holding "The List." He crosses off the nam for Eyewitness "Thomas Leonard."
41) 0) text: Alex waits for Tommy, crouched by an OPEN WINDOW that loo out onto an alley, a four story drop.
41) 4) dialog: Sssshhh. She's resting.
41) 6) dialog: Big bang, primordial ooze, divine hand of a benevolent creator?  All possibilities. Although recent events have given me doubts about the benevolent creator.
41) 7) text: Tommy starts toward Alex, who pulls the KNIFE from the Evidence Room.
41) 8) dialog: You lied at my trial.
41) 10) dialog: Capital case nine nine dash C one one five. Alex Corvis. (flashes knife) Exhibit A.
41) 11) text: WHAM. Alex pins what looks like Tommy's arm. It's just hi jacket, but it immobilizes Tommy.
41) 13) dialog: You said you saw me with this. I never held it until today.
41) 15) text: Alex HEAVES Tommy crashing into the window, smashing the glass and cheap aluminum frame. Tommy hanging halfway in, halfway out. Four floors above the alley. Alex rips Tommy's shirt where the knife alread cut it. JACKS the sleeve down. No scar there.
41) 16) dialog: One chance to tell the truth, Tommy. Who is the man with the scar? He planted this in my car.
41) 20) dialog: Wrong. Answer.
41) 23) text: TOMMY'S WIFE enters from the bedroom, SCREAMING. Heavy eye makeup, looking like she just woke up. OS, a TODDLER CRIES as she throws herself on Alex and they spil back inside.
41) 26) text: But she doesn't leave. She pleads in wrenching SOBS that seem to affect Alex. The Crow lands in the window.
41) 28) text: Her MASCARA runs down her cheeks, a facsimile of Alex's mask. They share a long look, connected by pain. The Crow cawing a warning, hopping in the window as...
41) 29) dialog: Your baby is crying. Go.
41) 30) text: Tommy nods at his wife, who heads off to the bedroom. The Crow gives Alex an admonishing CAW, then takes flight.
41) 31) dialog: What did they give you?
41) 33) dialog: (repeats, insistent) What did they give you?
41) 37) dialog: Write down their names. All of them.
41) 40) text: ALEX drops his head. All clear now. He laughes gently at the sound of SIRENS approaching, still blocks away.
43) 27) text: Tracy's frantic, about to call out as Dutton moves to the passenger door, opens it and... OVER DUTTON - ALEX sits in the passenger seat now. Jannie shunted inward.
43) 28) dialog: (mimicking Dutton) I want you... to bend over. Officer Dutton.
43) 29) text: Dutton pulls his 9MM BARETTA on Alex.
43) 31) text: With insolent slowness, Alex finishes writing... "THE LIST" a red line drawn through Dutton's name. ALEX gets out of the car. Dutton SLAMS the door and Janie stirs, coming to. At least a bit.
43) 35) dialog: Question. These hands?
43) 36) text: Alex advances on Dutton.
43) 38) text: CLOSE. Dutton's finger squeezes the trigger. BAM! The shot blows Alex back at the Seville passenger window. Slumped face against the car.
43) 40) text: Jannie's head pops up inside the car. She SCREAMS at... JANNIE'S POV Alex right in her face, nice and dead. Dutto lowers his gun BG. Tracy in a panic. Suddenly, Alex opens his eyes, smiles. Face distorted against the glass. She screams again.
43) 41) dialog: You're up.
43) 42) text: ALEX wheels around, wrenches Dutton's wrist, vise gripped Dutton's gun falls to the ground.
43) 43) dialog: Ladies. Drive carefully.
43) 45) dialog: You might want to call 911. Report an officer down.
43) 48) dialog: I guess it's true. Guns don't kill people...
43) 49) text: Alex draws the KNIFE--the murder weapon--from his costume
43) 50) dialog: Think maybe knives do?
43) 52) dialog: This is not just some "thing." It's A C zero zero five.
43) 56) text: FLASH. The knife moves and RIP! Alex yanks the sleeve off Dutton's uniform, revealing a SCARLESS FOREARM.
43) 58) dialog: A scar. On the arm. Of the man who planted this in Alex Corvis's car.
43) 60) text: Alex glitches, hearing this a second time, then RAMS Dutt into a wall with a great CLATTER of trash cans. Alex all over him, holding Dutton's head firmly in his tw hands, like he could crush it in an instant.
43) 61) dialog: He was innocent. You framed him. You. And Erlich. And Larkin. And Toomey. What do you think, Officer Dutton? An eye for an eye?
43) 62) text: Alex's thumbs inch toward Dutton's eyes, grazing Dutton's eyelids now and a wild thing happens. FLASH!  ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Dutton's Nightstick lifts Lauren's skirt. Then flashs of a bloodsoaked struggle, Lauren's death. An the surprise BAM! of a shot fired. RESUME Alex thrown by this. Relaxes his grip on Dutton.
43) 63) dialog: You were there. All four of you.
43) 64) text: Dutton kicks him off, smashes a garbage can over Alex's back then pulls a SMALL SEMI-AUTO from an ankle holster.
43) 65) dialog: You killed her. I saw it.
43) 67) text: BAM! Alex barely slowed by the shot, advancing, Dutton starting to panic. BAM!
43) 70) dialog: I'm working on it.
55) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE. Watching the phone log fluttering down. INCLUDE ALEX, sitting where the Crow was perched, wearing Dutton's badge on his evolving costume. Alex winces at the voices faint but audible from below.
55) 4) text: "THE LIST" The name "Erlich, Vincent" crossed off now by Alex.
56) 8) text: Erlich exits, slamming the door behind him. Walsh starts to get up, stops. Looking at his own eye level... ALEX'S CHESS BOARD set up identically to the game in Alex cell, a piece of FOLDED PAPER protruding from under the board. Walsh pulls it out. It says "Q-->B5" WALSH makes the move, Queen to Bishop Five. Smiles. Looks at... THE PAPER UNFOLDED says "Check." Walsh sets it down in th Chess Box next to... THE PICTURE OF ALEX AND LAUREN arms around each other in the woods, smiling. WALSH sensing something, a presence.
58) 5) text: The bum is giving the driver side window the same treatme Hard to see anything now. Erlich throws up his hands in disgust, reaches for the door handle just as... SMASH!  The driver side window SHATTERS as something ente at high speed KICKING Erlich across the car... Erlich's head bounces off the passenger window, leaving a BLOODY SMEAR. Alex in the driver seat now.
58) 6) dialog: The Germans really know how to make a car, don't they?
59) 0) text: WINDSHIELD WASHERS and WIPERS clear away the grime Alex smeared on the windshield, revealing that we're rocketing through a bad part of town. MUSIC CONTINUES as Alex pulls the KNIFE out of his costum with his LEFT HAND. It looks huge in the cramped sports car.
59) 1) dialog: (re: Lauren knife) I heard you were looking for this.
59) 3) dialog: I want you to think of me as the guy who killed you.
59) 4) text: Erlich pulls a .380 SEMI-AUTO stashed between the two sea Points it at Alex.
59) 6) text: Alex FLOORS it and... BAM. Erlich blows a hole through Alex's LEFT ARM, a yawning aperture through which Erlich watches the passing scenery a few improbably seconds.
59) 9) dialog: Ow.
59) 10) text: The WOUND closes. Knife still in Alex's hand.
59) 12) dialog: What happened to your leg there Officer? Hunting accident?
59) 13) text: WHOP. In one swift move Alex impales the knife THROUGH ERLICH'S WRIST, into his thigh. Erlich SCREAMS, tries to remove the knife, but Alex keeps a firm grip on the handl
59) 14) dialog: Lauren Randall shot you trying to get free. The fifty three stab wounds she died of came from you. Am I right? Ballpark?
61) 0) text: Bumpier now as Alex's driving gets more and more erratic.
61) 1) dialog: In Saudi Arabia they cut off the hands of petty thieves. What price for a life? Two lives?
61) 2) text: FLASH. Alex yanks the Knife out and FLASH, slices through the left arm of Erlich's jacket, sawing into the FLESH. Erlich's arm bleeding.
61) 4) dialog: I want Lauren. I want my life back. I want... to know why.
61) 6) text: Alex grimaces, then RIP, he yanks the sleeves off Erlich' arm. Erlich looks down, surprised to see his arm intact.
61) 9) dialog: The scar. Which of you has it?
61) 11) text: Alex poises the knife for another descent.
61) 13) text: This gives Alex pause. He shakes his head, clearing the reality glitch, looks up... IN THE REARVIEW MIRROR Cop cars, lights flashing.
63) 0) text: Alex's sun visor falls partway down from the jolt. He reaches to push it back into position and notices... ON THE BACK OF THE VISOR The CAR REGISTRATION. Alex takes it out of the holder. RESUME Alex suddenly calm. He reach down for... THE CIGARETTE LIGHTER pushed in. The volume on the Elvis song pumped up. ALEX relaxes back in his seat as they scr toward the abutment.
63) 2) dialog: How can you die if you're already dead?
63) 4) dialog: I was talking about you.
63) 5) text: Alex smiles as the CIGARETTE LIGHTER pops out. He grabs i and the GLOW vanishes as he closes his fist around it. Erlich turns front in horror. The microsecond of terror realized as Elvis climaxes, the retaining wall zoomes in.
64) 0) text: WHAM! The Corvette hits at a million mph. Crumpling, disintegrating, and hurling two bodies bouncing off the abutment. THE CAVALRY - CRUISERS AND PLAINWRAPS Too late. A half dozen cars bearing down all lights and sirens. Screeching to a halt by what used to be a silver Porsche.  The ruptu gas tank spurting GASOLINE. A CRUISER screeches to a halt. Both doors fly open. Toome and Larkin step out. Toomey on his radio as Larkin looks up the embankment, catches a glimpse of... ALEX battered but alive, jerkily unclenches his fist, sti holding the Lighter, glow fading.  He tosses... THE CIGARETTE LIGHTER arcs down onto the ex-Corvette. WID BOOM!  Cops shield themselves as the Crash scene explodes in a huge FIREBALL that engulfs a cruiser stopped too clo by. IN THE TOO-CLOSE COP CAR the DRIVER rams the car into REVERSE. Tires squeal as the fireball hits and... THE TOO-CLOSE CRUISER Engine compartment ignites, a secon fireball racing backward into another Cruiser. BOOM! Total chaos now. LARKIN focussed on Alex, seen vaguely through the flames. Moving toward him. WITH LARKIN as he arrives at the top of the enbankment, draws his weapon. Hyperalert. Alex is gone, but he finds. ERLICH'S BODY two hundred broken boned bagged by bruises. Larkin pulls something out of Erlich's shattered fist. It's... "THE LIST" Dutton and Erlich crossed off. Larkin and Toom yet to go, but the first letters of their names are all contained in a VERTICAL OVAL, "DELT" circled in red. LARKIN, AS TOOMEY JOINS HIM They give each other an oh- shit look. Then Larkin checkes his fingertips, smeared re from... "THE LIST" - FLIP SIDE the CROW CIPHER, rendered thick in coagulating blood. Illuminated by the flickering light of the fire below.
65) 0) text: CLOSE. A heart shaped Locket swung gently back and forth, then closed in Erin's hand as CAW! Erin turns, sees the Crow perched on the window ledge. As she moves to the open window, the Crow flies off. ERIN'S POV - OUT THE WINDOW - THE CRASH SCENE far away, the flashing lights and sirens of fire trucks arriving to bring the fire under control. ERIN looks, wondering, then spots something closer to hom She moves off, WIPING through frame REVEALING... ON THE FRONT LAWY Alex. He looks down now, at the front door where...
66) 0) text: Erin exits the front door and we see her framed against the huge house, a rich-man's castle built in the twenties of quarried stone, quarter sawn oak and leaded glass. Erin, like her sister, a child of privilege. She approach Alex.
66) 2) dialog: I told you, I knew your sister.
66) 4) dialog: And another one. There. Erlich. Took a wrong turn.
66) 5) text: Alex points at the distant crash site, the vague flashing lights.
66) 7) dialog: I'm not hiding. I'm right here.
66) 9) text: Erin shakes her head, trying to absorb what's going on, then RUSHES ALEX, screaming, beating on him, fists of fur
66) 12) dialog: Not me. Dirty cops killed her. Dutton, Erlich...
66) 13) text: Alex tries to handle her flailing arms but she's too mani He's getting hit in the face, the chest, and it's hurting He grabs her roughly, gets her to stop.
66) 14) dialog: I've been shot, and stabbed and thrown from a car and none of it hurt. But what you're doing now, does. I don't know why.
66) 16) dialog: No. Listen to me. Lauren found out something they didn't want her to know. (then) This.
66) 18) dialog: From the bonfire over there. Look at it.
66) 20) dialog: Because you need to understand. And you need... to be careful.
66) 22) dialog: I'm sorry. Your father wasn't right.
77) 6) dialog: Dream on.
77) 7) text: Walsh looks up. Nothing. Then Alex steps from the shadows Walsh looks at him a long moment, sees through the makeup
77) 11) text: Walsh leans in, examines Dutton's BADGE on Alex's costume
77) 12) dialog: Two down. Two to go.
77) 14) dialog: The cops from my trial. They killed Lauren. The whole thing was fixed.
77) 18) dialog: (off Walsh) You think I'm crazy.
77) 21) dialog: Lauren's father's involved. He bought the cops fancy cars, I don't know what else. It's a company called D-E-L-T. I think Lauren found out.
77) 23) dialog: I was hoping you'd find out.
77) 29) text: He turns toward Alex, who's gone. A double take as Walsh gets it, whips around, looks out the window again. CUT TO
79) 3) dialog: This is where it happened. Right over here.
79) 5) text: She stays where she is. Alex quiet, affected by the place Erin's about to lose it.
79) 6) dialog: Are you ok?
79) 8) dialog: No...
79) 11) dialog: Erin. It's not your fault.
79) 13) dialog: No. You don't.
79) 15) text: Seeming to lose patience, Alex lunges at her, like an attack.
79) 16) dialog: There were four of them.
79) 20) text: He's holding his hands over her eyes, transferring IMAGES that shake them both. ALEX/ERIN'S INTERNAL POV Jolting FLASHES. A Plainwrap stops where the Mercedes is now. A hand slams the car into Park. Doors open. Four men get out, seen dimly, but they're Dutton, Erlich, Larkin, Toom Erlich reaches back in to drag Lauren out of the back sea her hands cuffed in front of her. Dutton flips up her skirt with his nightstick.
79) 26) text: Alex grabs Erin, forces her to run with him, awkwardly, like a three legged race. Tracing the path Lauren covered
79) 27) dialog: She ran. Them breathing down her neck...
79) 28) text: Erin stumbling as Alex pushes, cajoles her, the two of them running toward a large tree, MATCHING to... ALEX/ERIN'S INTERNAL POV Lauren stumbling, her cuffed han hindering, tree limbs hitting her face. Her own panting subsumed in the panting of the cops on he heels.
79) 30) text: RESUME - PRESENT Erin still trying not to see. Alex forci her.
79) 33) dialog: This tree. Here's where it happened.
79) 35) text: Alex spins her up against the tree and we MATCH to... ALEX/ERIN'S INTERNAL POV Lauren an adrenaline crazed figh destined to lose. Her movements UNDERCRANKED, strobed. Discontinuous and jarring.
79) 38) dialog: She fought for her life because life is worth living.
79) 39) text: Alex panting. Fierce.
79) 40) dialog: Think about that. And then tell me how much you wish you were dead.
79) 41) text: Off Erin, sobbing, heartbroken. Alex's fury waning as he looks at her, wonders if he did the right thing.
82) 0) text: Mercer goes to the locker where he left Alex.
82) 2) text: The all look inside. The locker is empty. Mercer's the only one shocked. He noisily opens and shuts the other lockers looking for Alex.
82) 25) dialog: ... with the scar...
83) 0) text: WIDE. Erin sits cross-legged in the HEADLIGHTS of the Ben Alex perches Crow-like on the hood.
83) 1) dialog: ... took everything I ever cared about. Left me with nothing.
83) 3) dialog: Have to find him first.
83) 7) dialog: You know what Lauren and I were fighting about that night? She had a secret, wouldn't tell me...
83) 9) dialog: All I knew, she was pulling away. It made me crazy.
83) 13) dialog: It's what Lauren would do.
83) 16) text: She winds up to toss the Locket away and Alex hops down off the hood. Stops her. Takes the Locket. ALEX
88) 0) text: CLOSE. The Chess set. A few pieces moved off the board now. Alex not looking at it. He's looking at the picture of himself and Lauren taped in the lid of the Chess box.
88) 2) text: Alex picks up the BLACK KING.
88) 3) dialog: Leonard, Dutton, Erlich. They don't matter. I want the King.
88) 5) dialog: The strip joint?
88) 15) dialog: It's ok, it's ok...
88) 17) dialog: Erin. Who?
88) 19) text: Alex immobilized by this. He turns to Walsh.
88) 20) dialog: Where is it? This place?
88) 22) dialog: What? Call the police?
88) 24) text: Alex waiting for an address. Finally...
88) 29) text: Alex turns to her, comforting. Holds her face in his hand
88) 30) dialog: It will be over soon. (then) Watch out for each other.
89) 0) text: More debauched than our previous visit. Darker, more crowded. Patrons propositioned in front of our eyes by girls barel eighteen. The room writhing. ON THE MAINSTAGE the "Cop" strippers we saw before, but dangerous seeming, as they pantomime an interrogation, a handcuffed "perp" manhandled between them. AT THE ENTRANCE Alex blows past people waiting to get in, creating enough disturbance that TWO BOUNCERS greet him.
89) 1) dialog: Toomey and Larkin. They're expecting me.
89) 4) text: The Other Bouncer grabs Alex as he pushes past. Alex heav him into the line of WAITING PATRONS. As they go down like dominoes... the First Bouncer pulls GUN.
89) 5) dialog: I don't think you want to do that. Lot of innocent people here... (looks around) A lot of people, anyway.
89) 6) text: As Alex starts off... BAM! He's blown back by a shot half lost in the noisy club. No panic yet. ONSTAGE the strippers break character, looking. The audie turns as...
90) 35) text: BAM. A shot from Madden drops Walsh for god. As Madden drags Walsh toward the door, the Captain grabs... THE PICTURE OF ALEX AND LAUREN pulled off the lid of the Chess box, one of the pieces of tape left behind. The Captain exits.
91) 0) text: MUSIC STILL POUNDS, lights swirl. But the club has cleare out, leaving human detritus, a handful of casualties from the stampede. WITH ALEX as he steps over the Two Bouncers, expired on the floor. A soft WHIMPERING marks the silence.  The girl cuffed onstage. Alex goes up to the terrified girl. Close up, she looks way underage. He gathers her clothes, spots a key on the floor.
91) 1) dialog: How old are you?
91) 3) dialog: You have one chance to value your life. Take it.
92) 0) text: Alex moves past the empty makeup table. A lipstick cigare smolders in an ashtray. People left in a hurry. MUSIC LOU as if inside our heads now. Alex continues...
93) 0) text: Nobody home. Empty images refreshed every six seconds. Number of hits static now. Alex drawn now by the "No Admittance" Curtain which he approaches slowly, touching it and FLASH! ALEX'S INTERNAL POV - LAUREN looking over her shoulder, pulling back the "No Admittance" Curtain, going where she shouldn't go.
93) 1) dialog: Lauren? You were here?
94) 0) text: revealed as Alex slips past the Curtain, retracing Lauren footsteps. CAMERA FOLLOWS Alex CREEPING down the hall to. ALEX'S INTERNAL POV - LAUREN down the hall, peering insid the partially open Back Room door, then turning back startled TOWARD CAMERA as if suddenly overtaken. AT THE DOOR Alex turns back, like Lauren, looks behind him. The hallway is empty. He enters...
95) 0) text: Darkness. As Alex gropes for a lightswitch, a LIGHTER FLARES. Toomey and Larkin lean in, light up in synch. Alex takes in the dark fringes, dim reflections off lots of eyes. Not taxidermy specimens. BAM BAM BAM BAM. A dozen police officers lining the walls empty cartridges into Alex in an angry, STROBING fusillade. In the silence that follows...
95) 5) text: Larkin flips on the low-watt BARE BULBS hanging down past industrial pipes and conduit, casting a dim light on the cinderblock space. NO ALEX.
95) 6) dialog: Cheers.
95) 7) text: They look up and... BAM! Alex DROPS LARKIN with a shot to the forehead. BAM! He MISSES TOOMEY as bullets from below EXPLODE all around him. Alex scampers across framing as... The BARE BULBS burst, all but one, plunging us back in to near darkness as Alex drops to the ground near Larkin's fallen body. Jacks up the sleeve. No scar. Alex spots Toomey, rolls out as... THREE COPS pump rounds into Alex. BAM! Alex takes the middle Cop out, a TOONEY-LIKE GUY who fall onto Toomey, behind him. ALEX turns, forced to defend himself as FULL AUTO FIRE breaks open, the other flank, more advancing cops. While... TOOMEY crawls out from under the fallen copy, then backs out the door on hands and knees while... A FINAL EXPLOSIVE FUSILLADE leaves only Alex standing. As the echoes dissolve... Alex Alex moves to where Toomey was, bends down to check the body... THE NAMEPLATE - "TOOMEY" But the pin isn't fastened properly. The badge askew. RESUME - ALEX rolls the body over, finds another nameplate underneath. "Hauser."  Heads off in sea of...
95) 8) dialog: Toomey!
95) 10) dialog: You dripped something!
95) 14) dialog: Spark, gas... bad combination. And it's not this leak here, that's the least of your worries.
95) 15) text: WAM! Alex swings Toomey's pipe HARD at a much bigger GAS LINE right behind the gas heater, leaving it badly cracke The hiss magnified 100% nos.
95) 16) dialog: We're going to play a little game called "Who's got the Scar."
95) 18) dialog: (buzzer sound) AAAANK. That's not how we play the game.
95) 19) text: Alex jacks Toomey's sleeve down. No Scar. Alex pissed as Toomey locks eyes with him. Really seeing him now.
95) 21) dialog: Good thing in a situation like this.
96) 0) text: Some light filters in as a door opens to the outside. A FIGURE enters, squats among the bodies. He leans in, clos larkin's eyes, and we see... It's Madden. Blood on his hands. He hears Alex's VOICE faintly, then Toomey cries out in pain. Madden moves toward...
97) 2) dialog: The scar.
97) 4) text: As Madden moves toward the conversation, his face registe the slightest of smiles. MADDEN'S CREEPING POV MONITORS obliquely visible as he reaches the end of the hall by the Fantasy sets. The "Shower" monitor shows Alex and Toomey, visible through the trashed set, updated every six seconds. MADDEN SNIFFS gas. The HISS now audible along with Alex's voice. Madden smiles. Pulls out his 9mm. And BACKS UP, away from the Fantasy Sets toward the back room. Madden takes aim at... THE FIRST MONITOR The images is Alex threatening Toomey. Updating now--LOSING ALEX on the Monitor as he steps into frame in person, looks up and BAM! CROWVISION a speeding bullet passes narrowly by and... ANGLE - GROUND ZERO as the bullet hits the monitor in a shower of sparks, followed by... BOOM! A ROILING FIREBALL Seems to vaporize Alex before flying down the hallway right at CAMERA. Madden manages a couple steps in retreat before it blows him into the back room with a deafening roar.
99) 0) text: Interior/exterior being less meaningful than seconds ago. Walls crumbled, roof blown off. BRIGHT FIRE consumes the frame, consumes the bodies of downed cops, consumes every last bit of oxygen and life. Distant SIRENS draw closer. A SLOW SCAN, someone's OBSTRUCTED POV of Hell. INCLUDE ALEX watching from under a collapsed cinderblock wall that offers some protection from the flames, if not the heat. He looks, intent now, spotting... THE ARM WITH THE ZIGZAG SCARIFICATION sticking out of the rubble, murky through the flames, growing clearer as came PUSHES, flames licking at it... ALEX tries to move toward the arm. Forced back by too- intense flame as another beam falls, the rubble shifts and... THE ARM WITH THE ZIGZAG SCARIFICATION skeletal now, baked down to bones. A dozen short metal rods on the ground und it. He picks a few up. THE CAPTAIN drawn now to... UNDER THE RUBBLE - WHERE ALEX WAS water dripping off the concrete, collecting in the place where Alex hid. But he' long gone. The Captain drops the rods. Satisfied it's ove
100) 0) text: Alex staggers along in bad shape. Up ahead... A GIRL in her twenties exits a building down a flight of stairs, waits at the bottom for her BOYFRIEND, who's lock the door. She sees Alex, gives him an empathetic look. Alex walks slowly closer. ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Lauren appearing to him, playing thei game. But the words are wrong, distorted.
100) 2) text: Her Bruce Lee "Oooo" a siren call. RESUME Alex moving slo forward on the street, drawn toward the girl who watches with horrified fascination.
100) 3) dialog: I'm losing you.
100) 8) text: Lauren and Alex drawing very close now when... RESUME WAM A FIST clocks Alex in the face, dropping him hard onto th pavement.
100) 12) dialog: I don't bleed.
100) 14) text: The Guy wraps his arm protectively around the girl, walks her off. Running into a COP at the next intersection. The POINT at... ALEX takes off, ducking into an alley. Confused. CAMERA CREEPS BACKWARD as he gathers his thoughts.
101) 0) text: RATTLE RATTLE. Alex's shadow visible through the frosted glass, jostling the locked door.
101) 1) dialog: Erin!
101) 2) text: SMASH. His arm PUNCHES through the glass, turn the knob. Alex enters, arm bleeding badly. He yanks a large piece o glass from his flesh. Painful. Alex registers that the rules have changed. He finds a necktie of Walsh's, uses it to bind the wound, staunch th flow. He scans the room again looking for... Something. But everything seems ok. He passes... The Chess Box, the picture of Lauren and Alex gone. Just piece of TAPE left, sticking to the top of the open lid.
101) 5) dialog: The King.
103) 0) text: Alex walks the long approach to the Captain's office, pas the empty Secretary's desk. KICKING the door open CRASH! into...
104) 0) text: The Captain works alone at his desk under a standing lamp Looks up unconcerned as Alex enters, walks to the desk, and SLAPS down the ring-of-blood clipping.
104) 2) dialog: Where are they?
104) 4) dialog: Where are they? Last chance.
104) 12) dialog: I'm looking for my friends.
104) 14) text: Alex tenses as the Captain starts toward him.
104) 16) text: Alex draws the knife from his clothes.
104) 18) text: Enraged, Alex SWIPES the knife. The Captain grabs his arm right at the blood soaked necktie, squeezes hard. Alex writhes in pain. In each other's faces now.
104) 20) text: THE KNIFE starting to fall from Alex's hand as the Captai continues to clamp down on his wound.
104) 22) dialog: You sent them. I had no choice.
104) 24) text: The Captain snatches the knife, RAMS it into Alex's midri
105) 0) text: ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Lauren in tears in Alex's car.
105) 2) dialog: He grabs for her. She pulls violently away.
106) 0) text: WHOOMP. Another stab into Alex. There will be fifty three
106) 2) dialog: You're wrong.
106) 4) text: FLASH ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Alex back at the inferno, cower from flames. RESUME The Captain full of righteous conviction.
106) 6) text: The Captain bent over Alex, stabbing him.
106) 15) text: Alex blasts Dutton. BAM!
106) 17) text: Alex escapes the taser. Mercer drops.
106) 19) text: Time SCREECHING to a halt, all the movement converging on a single, quiet image. One we've seen before... Alex in the chair. But his last words are different.
106) 20) dialog: I loved Lauren. I never meant to hurt her.
106) 21) text: ZAP. Electro-spasm as the switch is thrown. No scar, no meltdown, just violent fibrillations that moderate, final as we MATCH TO... RESUME - THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE The Captain shaking Alex, holding something in front of Alex's face.
106) 23) text: Alex's eye's gone dead, no longer seeing... THE PHOTO - LAUREN AND ALEX IN THE WOODS arms around each other. Familiar, but on second take, it's like the crime scene photos... Lauren's NECK is SLASHED, her body riddled with stab woun Alex has a big smile on his face, his arm around her, her head on his shoulder. 100% sociopath. RESUME
106) 25) text: The Captain drops Alex lifeless and bloody to the floor. Only the sound of the Captain panting now, then... The sound of slow clapping. Madden walks into the room from behind perimeter curtains. CLAP CLAP CLAP.
106) 29) text: Madden kicks Alex lightly, nudging him. No life signes. The Captain rips the picture in two. Tosses it in the tra
107) 0) text: NEW ANGLE - THROUGH A WINDOW DARKLY Madden and the Captai grab Alex, one at each end.
107) 6) text: The Secretary moves off REVEALING... ERIN'S FACE MOUTH SEWN shut in a rough zigzag stitch, lik the scar. Her eyes dart as... THE DOOR opens. The Captain and Madden carry Alex in. Mad sweeps the TAXIDERMY SPECIMENS back with his hand, cleari a space for Alex on the table. Among them...
107) 10) text: The Secretary puts her ear to Alex's lifeless lips.
107) 15) text: The Secretary steps off to grab thekit, leaving Alex's lifeless open eyes pointing toward Erin, reflected in his eyeballs first before... ANGLE - ERIN looking up at her own hands, bound above her as she eases them apart and... The HEART SHAPED LOCKET slips from between her palms and she closes them again in time to catch the chain, the loc swinging. ON THE TABLE X-CLOSE. The locket reflected in Alex's lifeless open eyes a second before... The Secretary returns, blocking the sightline. Lays out the Kit, nasty looking tools left over from the Inquisiti Then unbuttons Alex's tattered shirt, undressing him for the procedure. Stab wounds everywhere.
107) 18) text: A large KNIFE, the Lauren murder weapon, angles in at the base of Alex'sneck where the Secretary's head was.
107) 22) text: THE LOCKET - OVERCRANKED Snatched in midair by the Crow from Erin's praying hands. FLASH!  ALEX/CROW'S INTERNAL POV HIGH ANGLE CROWVISION. Dim memories from the woods. Anamorphic and dark. Two figures--Alex and Erin--kneeling. RESUME - THE LOCKET released from the Crow's beak, passing through the TRIO'S HANDS uncaught, bouncing off Alex onto the table, in fron of his open eyes. ALEX/CROW'S INTERNAL POV FLASH. AT GROUND LEVEL. Alex fastens the LOCKET around her neck. The distortion lessening, becoming Alex's POV.
107) 23) dialog: ... it connects you to me...
107) 26) text: FLASH. Alex painting her face. RESUME Alex BLINKS. The Captain reacts--oh shit--starts t bring the knife down, a hurried strike at Alex's chest. WAM! Alex grabs the Captain's arm in his hand, stopping the movement on a dime.
107) 27) dialog: All lies. Everything you ever showed me.
107) 28) text: MADDEN pulls a gun, points it at Erin. ALEX jumps up, fly INTO the gun as it goes off. CRASH! They tumble THROUGH THE WINDOW into the Captain's office while... THE CAPTAIN cuts down the rope holding Erin. She collapses... ON THE TABLE strewn with blades, secreting one between he hands, in the second before... THE CAPTAIN drags Erin off. The Secretary flails at the Crow with a metal ROD, while... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden has the gun on Alex now. BAM! No effect. BAM!
110) 0) text: Alex runs past the glass AWARDS CASE, takes a flying leap behind the desk, seeking cover as Madden empties a clip a him. The slide ratchets back. Madden SLAMS another clip in, advances on Alex, hidden behind the shredded desk as... THE SECRETARY clears stuffed birds off the table trying t expose the wounded crow cowering back against the wall.
110) 2) text: WHOP! She grabs it, the Crow flapping desperately as... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden creeps up on the desk, pee over it. Nothing. Out of nowhere... WAM!  Alex rushes Madden, bulldozing him across the room with a pained cry of brute force toward... THE AWARDS CASE CRASH! Glass shatters as Alex hurls Madde who swivels around in time to get off a last shot BAM! That collapses Alex to the floor. IN THE MYSTERY ROOM The Crow squeezes out of the Secretar grasp, leaving her holding a couple feathers. AT THE AWARD'S CASE Alex hauls himself off the floor as the Crow joins him. Seeing... MADDEN'S HEAD has taken its place among glass bowls and trophies, half decapitated by the glass shelf it now rest on. Down the shelf from the stuffed bird. ALEX rushes through the blown out window into... Seeing for the first time that Erin is gone, the rope hanging from the ceiling, finding...
110) 7) dialog: Where'd they go?
110) 8) text: Alex eases the Secretary to her feet with a hand around her neck, her back to the wall. She looks UP, smiling at. WALSH - RIGHT ARM MISSING hangs high overhead from some kind of hook. His arm has been crudely removed. Underneath him, on the table, a BOX of 2" surgical stainl steel rods sits by a pool of blood. ALEX yells, reeling, as... The door flies open. A half dozen cops in, all targeting Alex as... THE SECRETARY plunges the Lauren KNIFE in Alex's back. He spins violently THROWING her HARD against the wall. WAM! Surprise!-she sticks. REVEAL, she's impaled on ANTELOPE ANTLERS, hanging off the wall. Her head drops, looking down as a stream of blood flows down her legs, drips off her toes...
110) 10) text: BAM BAM BAM. The new arrivals open fire. Alex reaches ove his shoulder, yanks out the knife with an odd slurping sound as...
112) 0) text: THE CROW flies UP toward the small entry window. Alex follows, bullets exploding around him as he hauls himself up toward the windowledge.
113) 0) text: ERRRKKK. The SOUND of a car in a hurry audible as Alex hauls himself out the small window. Runs to the edge, spotting... FAR BELOW a dark sedan leaving in a rush, wrapping around the corner of the police station now.
115) 2) text: He looks up, where Alex vanished. Starts to climb.
116) 0) text: Alex dashes over the articulated roof, trying to keep in sight... HIS MOVING POV partially obstructed, of the sedan below. Speeding around another corner now... ALEX alters course to cut the sedan off, jumping up onto PARAPET where he totters over the vertical face as the sedan turning onto the street below. THE SERGEANT AND CREW emerge on the roof. Acquire target Alex Corvis.
116) 2) text: WITH ALEX as he takes a flying dive off the building, intercepting...
120) 0) text: Alex's voice appears. Calm. Unhurried.
120) 2) text: FIND ALEX'S FACE in the darkness. Moving as he performs some unseen task. Intent, focussed.
120) 4) text: FIND ERIN, in the darkness, listening to Alex's voice. She touches her mouth, little drops of dried blood where the wounds are already healing.
120) 8) text: We're in the death chamber. Dark. Claustrophobic. The only light a few panel indicators and spill from the door open from the adjacent observation room to the outsi Alex looks at the phone on the wall. Silent.
120) 11) dialog: I don't expect a call from the Governor. Any last words? Captain, my Captain?
120) 15) dialog: Was that it? Well, ok.
120) 21) text: She glances at the Captain, fibrillating in the chair, starts to move off. Then stops, near Alex, looking with him at... THEIR POV - THE ZIGZAG SCAR fibrillating, as we PUSH into seething detail. Writhing bodies, human suffering, a hellish miasma that draws us in until we turn our heads away, released.
121) 0) text: Alex and Erin exit the visitor's entrance, met by the Cro and the first rays of morning light. He puts his arm around her and she places her hand over his.
121) 6) dialog: Erin. I'll always be with you.
121) 9) text: She turns to Alex. But he's gone. She tries to keep it together as... CAMERA BOOMS up leaving her alone outside the prison wall with her memories, and her conscience, and her hopes, whi is alot. As a DUSTDEVIL whips up in the parking lot, she drops the sign, and starts to CRY.
123) 4) text: She's leaning up against a new headstone. "Alex Corvis 1981-1999 Always With Us."
123) 6) text: Erin stops writing, closes the journal, stands. She takes the Locket off her neck, drapes it over Alex's headstone, like the one already over Lauren's. She stares at the two a moment, then puts her index finge to her lips, transfers kisses to the two stones. And leav