1) 0) text: X-WIDE. "THE WALLS" like a medieval castle above a throng of PROTESTERS and GAWKERS. A POSTCARD at first, then sign of movement--handheld placards and flickering candles telegraph an imminent execution. The group shifts amoeba like as... A LARGE MERCEDES approaches, slowly works its way into the edge of the cro INSIDE THE BENZ NATHAN RANDALL, father of the victim comforts ERIN RANDALL, seventeen year old sister, as she looks up in terror at the bodies pressed against the car, the throng between the car and the prison entrance. The car stops.
1) 1) dialog: Why are there so many?
1) 3) text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD--a Protestor's poster visible. "Remember the Victim." With a picture of LAUREN RANDALL, the deceased, who bears a striking resemblance to survivi sister Erin. And another sign--"Happy Birthday Alex."
1) 6) dialog: It's because they're doing this on his birthday.
1) 7) text: She takes a deep breath, they get out of the car and... WITH THE RANDALLS as they make their way through the thro toward a special entrance marked "WITNESSES," nearly with reach when WHOMP. Erin shields her face as a BRIGHT LIGHT comes on. OVER TV REPORTER BARBARA GONZALEZ Action Newsteam addressing the Nathans. Speaking into a mic.
1) 9) text: Nathan pushes past Gonzalez, taking Erin's hand.
2) 0) text: CLOSE on a BIRTHDAY CAKE, twenty one candles flickering a it makes its way past deathrow cells, held waiter style o one hand by MERCER, a MUSTACHED prison GUARD.
10) 9) text: A thick silence. Alex looks unprepared, uneasy as he scan a sea of hostile faces, settling on Erin and her dad.
10) 11) text: Erin shakes her head, disgusted. Looks away. ALEX'S POV - THE LAST SECONDS OF HIS LIFE SLOWING in his inner perception, movement ramping down as Alex scans the disbelieving faces. The Phone. Silent. No reprise. The Observation Room witne door opens. A Guard in the back row deferentially offers his seat to the NEW ARRIVAL, a man in dark clothes, his face obscured by REFLECTIONS in the plexiglass. As he UNBUTTONS his shirt cuff... The warden steps to the side of the room, nods to the executioner who lifts a COVER off a large switch. The New Arrival pulls his shirtsleeve back over his forea exposing a scar for Alex, THE SCAR, an odd zigzag pattern of raised welts, a pattern deliberately formed of skin. The Executioner throws the switch. ON ALEX SHAKING violen as he fights to stay alive, time extremely subjective now as he chokes out...
14) 0) text: The protestors are gone, as is the Newsteam, but the four Cops are still there, Larkin and Toomey synchro-smoking. They look up as the Randalls emerge shaken from the Witne entrance. FAVORING NATHAN RANDALL He speaks softly to Erin, who's leaning against him.
15) 0) text: CLOSE. A face slides into frame in PROFILE, too tight to be recognizable. Just an eye, peering... EYE'S POV - THROUGH A MAGNIFYING GLASS A coarse ZIGZAG stitch shaped like the Scar runs the length of the Crow's underbelly. The end stitch now tied with a tiny knot. Tightened just so. THE MYSTERY MAN features obscured stil grabs a bent surgical SCISSORS, snips the excess thread. Smoothes black feathers into place, hiding the stitching on...
22) 0) text: Mercer is peering through the double-barred gate at the end of the row as Alex emerges from his former cell.
22) 2) text: Alex looks up, sees Mercer and FLASH... ALEX'S INTERNAL POV A pop of Mercer bringing the birthday cake. A wash of flame, twenty one candles. A blip of Wals Of a White King. RESUME Alex perplexed, looking at the cake still litterin the floor of his ex-cell, candles melted down. Mercer wor his way through the double-barred doors onto the row.
33) 2) text: Alex SMASHES his own head against the metal file cabinets wounding himself on the handles, droplets of blood flying now, spattering the evidence on the floor.
36) 0) text: CAMERA DRIFTS down through dark trees FINDING Alex at a grave beneath a sheltering tree.
37) 0) text: A GIRL'S HAND clutches a HEART SHAPED LOCKET. TILT UP, it's Erin, wearing an identical LOCKET around he neck. School uniform, pleated skirt and school books. The splish splash of the wipers the only sound until...
37) 1) dialog: Dad...
37) 3) dialog: I want to take this to Lauren. She'd want it.
37) 5) dialog: Stay in the car. I'll only take a second.
37) 7) dialog: It's not that. Really. It's just... now that he's gone, I think it's time.
38) 0) text: The Benz stops on the roadway beneath Lauren's grave. The door opens... ERIN gets out in the pouring rain pulling her jacket HOOD up over her head. Locket in hand she runs to... LAUREN'S GRAVE The tree a shelter from the downpour.  Eri approaching the headstone when Alex emerges from behind the trunk. Drenched. She YELPS.
38) 4) dialog: Don't come near me!
38) 7) dialog: I know her friends.
38) 10) dialog: Yeah, no kidding.
38) 12) dialog: And he's right over there by the way. (then) What did you do to your face?
38) 14) dialog: You're a friend of the guy who killed her, aren't you? You almost sound like him.
38) 16) dialog: How do you know?
38) 18) dialog: (loud now) Stay away from me! Dad! Dad!
38) 21) dialog: Watch out!
38) 25) dialog: This guy said he was a friend of Lauren's. He had like paint all over his face.
38) 27) dialog: What's that supposed to mean? He was right here. He was!
38) 28) text: She shakes her head, confused, then, looking around spots THE HEADSTONE. The track from the RED TEAR indelible even in the downpour. Off Erin, as she touches the angel's stained cheek. And her dad, soggy in the rain...
50) 3) dialog: Dad! Come in here!
50) 6) dialog: The cop who found the knife in Corvis's car.
50) 9) text: ON THE TV the Newsteam and Gonzalez SHOVED back by COPS running defense for the stretcher. Gonzalez grabs for the sheet covering the body and... NEWSCAM TIGHT on Dutton, as the sheet pulls down, partial uncovering... DUTTON'S HEAD: Comb-over hanging to the side. Blood dripp from crude letters carved in his bald pate--the word "DAISY."  Quickly covered by a COP who yells at Gonzalez.
50) 11) text: ... but through a digital miracle the "Daisy" frame has been grabbed, and appears as a still now behind Gonzalez. RESUME - FAVORING ERIN struck dumb by this.
50) 15) text: Gonzalez FADES UNDER as Erin backs away from the TV.
50) 17) dialog: Lauren called me that when we were little. Daisy. No one knew but us.
50) 19) dialog: That guy in the cemetery today said he knew everything about Lauren.
50) 21) dialog: He said he'd prove it.
55) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE. Watching the phone log fluttering down. INCLUDE ALEX, sitting where the Crow was perched, wearing Dutton's badge on his evolving costume. Alex winces at the voices faint but audible from below.
64) 0) text: WHAM! The Corvette hits at a million mph. Crumpling, disintegrating, and hurling two bodies bouncing off the abutment. THE CAVALRY - CRUISERS AND PLAINWRAPS Too late. A half dozen cars bearing down all lights and sirens. Screeching to a halt by what used to be a silver Porsche.  The ruptu gas tank spurting GASOLINE. A CRUISER screeches to a halt. Both doors fly open. Toome and Larkin step out. Toomey on his radio as Larkin looks up the embankment, catches a glimpse of... ALEX battered but alive, jerkily unclenches his fist, sti holding the Lighter, glow fading.  He tosses... THE CIGARETTE LIGHTER arcs down onto the ex-Corvette. WID BOOM!  Cops shield themselves as the Crash scene explodes in a huge FIREBALL that engulfs a cruiser stopped too clo by. IN THE TOO-CLOSE COP CAR the DRIVER rams the car into REVERSE. Tires squeal as the fireball hits and... THE TOO-CLOSE CRUISER Engine compartment ignites, a secon fireball racing backward into another Cruiser. BOOM! Total chaos now. LARKIN focussed on Alex, seen vaguely through the flames. Moving toward him. WITH LARKIN as he arrives at the top of the enbankment, draws his weapon. Hyperalert. Alex is gone, but he finds. ERLICH'S BODY two hundred broken boned bagged by bruises. Larkin pulls something out of Erlich's shattered fist. It's... "THE LIST" Dutton and Erlich crossed off. Larkin and Toom yet to go, but the first letters of their names are all contained in a VERTICAL OVAL, "DELT" circled in red. LARKIN, AS TOOMEY JOINS HIM They give each other an oh- shit look. Then Larkin checkes his fingertips, smeared re from... "THE LIST" - FLIP SIDE the CROW CIPHER, rendered thick in coagulating blood. Illuminated by the flickering light of the fire below.
65) 0) text: CLOSE. A heart shaped Locket swung gently back and forth, then closed in Erin's hand as CAW! Erin turns, sees the Crow perched on the window ledge. As she moves to the open window, the Crow flies off. ERIN'S POV - OUT THE WINDOW - THE CRASH SCENE far away, the flashing lights and sirens of fire trucks arriving to bring the fire under control. ERIN looks, wondering, then spots something closer to hom She moves off, WIPING through frame REVEALING... ON THE FRONT LAWY Alex. He looks down now, at the front door where...
66) 0) text: Erin exits the front door and we see her framed against the huge house, a rich-man's castle built in the twenties of quarried stone, quarter sawn oak and leaded glass. Erin, like her sister, a child of privilege. She approach Alex.
66) 1) dialog: Daisy. How did you know?
66) 3) dialog: You killed that cop Dutton.
66) 6) dialog: I know who you are. (no response) That's why you paint your face. To hide.
66) 8) dialog: You killed Lauren! You killed her!
66) 9) text: Erin shakes her head, trying to absorb what's going on, then RUSHES ALEX, screaming, beating on him, fists of fur
66) 15) dialog: My dad was right! He said you'd ruin her life.
66) 19) dialog: No! Why are you haunting me?
66) 23) text: She turns back and... He's gone. Erin walks to the door. Despite herself reache for the Card on the landing. It's... THE CORVETTE REGISTRATION which we see clearly for the first time. Owned by a company called DELT. The address i 4201 Forestview Drive. ERIN spins around horrified, holds up the Registration.
71) 0) text: Erin works at her father's desk under the light of an antique floor lamp. Using a LETTER OPENER to PRY open... A DESK DRAWER full of files. She flips through, finds a manila file marked--DELT. Takes it out. ERIN lays the fil open on the desktop. EMPTY. She checks... A SMALL PAPER SHREDDER under the desk. Judging from the paper spaghetti in the basket underneath, recently used. ERIN scoops up the shreds of paper. No way to reassemble this.
71) 2) text: Erin's a terrible liar, spooked as he approaches.
71) 3) dialog: I think I dropped an earring.
71) 8) dialog: Alex Corvis didn't kill Lauren. Cops did. Didn't they?
71) 10) dialog: You're in with them.
71) 12) dialog: You killed her!
71) 14) dialog: Stay away from me! Stay away!
71) 16) text: Erin SCREAMS, runs out the door with her hands over her ears. He misses a beat, then RUNS after her.
73) 0) text: Erin runs to the far side of the big Benz, parked in the driveway. Tries the door. The ALARM goes off.
73) 2) dialog: About you.
73) 4) text: ACROSS THE STREET, A PORCH LIGHT comes on. Erin hits a button on the key ring, CHIRP CHIRP. It stops.
73) 6) dialog: Don't call me that! Don't call me anything!
73) 10) dialog: I don't believe you.
73) 12) dialog: I'm never going back in that house again. Get away.
73) 14) dialog: (crying now) They killed Alex for something you did, daddy. You killed both of them.
74) 2) text: Larkin backhands her sprawling to the floor, where she crawls to the WAILING BABY, takes him in sheltering arms.
79) 0) text: A simple WOODEN CROSS illuminated by the headlights of th Big Benz as it pulls off the road into the grove of huge trees dripping with moss. IN THE BENZ Erin blank as she turns off the car, leaving the headlights on. Silence.
79) 4) dialog: Yeah, I know.
79) 5) text: She stays where she is. Alex quiet, affected by the place Erin's about to lose it.
79) 7) dialog: When Lauren was missing the police came to our house. They said they were looking for her, right? (breaking down) But I know now they had her, and the reason they brought her here and knew the could blame it on you...
79) 9) dialog: ... is that I sent them here. I told them she came here sometimes. With her dirtball boyfriend. That's exactly what I said.
79) 12) dialog: (losing it now) It's all my fault. Oh God. I wish I were dead.
79) 14) dialog: Yes I do, I really do.
79) 19) dialog: No...
79) 20) text: He's holding his hands over her eyes, transferring IMAGES that shake them both. ALEX/ERIN'S INTERNAL POV Jolting FLASHES. A Plainwrap stops where the Mercedes is now. A hand slams the car into Park. Doors open. Four men get out, seen dimly, but they're Dutton, Erlich, Larkin, Toom Erlich reaches back in to drag Lauren out of the back sea her hands cuffed in front of her. Dutton flips up her skirt with his nightstick.
79) 24) text: RESUME - PRESENT Erin's covering her face, like trying to avoid seeing some horrible thing.
79) 25) dialog: I don't want to know.
79) 26) text: Alex grabs Erin, forces her to run with him, awkwardly, like a three legged race. Tracing the path Lauren covered
79) 28) text: Erin stumbling as Alex pushes, cajoles her, the two of them running toward a large tree, MATCHING to... ALEX/ERIN'S INTERNAL POV Lauren stumbling, her cuffed han hindering, tree limbs hitting her face. Her own panting subsumed in the panting of the cops on he heels.
79) 30) text: RESUME - PRESENT Erin still trying not to see. Alex forci her.
79) 34) dialog: I don't want to see!
79) 35) text: Alex spins her up against the tree and we MATCH to... ALEX/ERIN'S INTERNAL POV Lauren an adrenaline crazed figh destined to lose. Her movements UNDERCRANKED, strobed. Discontinuous and jarring.
79) 37) text: The brutal cops overwhelm Lauren. She drops to the ground as... RESUME Erin drops to the forest floor, convulsed in sobs.
79) 41) text: Off Erin, sobbing, heartbroken. Alex's fury waning as he looks at her, wonders if he did the right thing.
83) 0) text: WIDE. Erin sits cross-legged in the HEADLIGHTS of the Ben Alex perches Crow-like on the hood.
83) 2) dialog: So you're going to kill him?
83) 8) dialog: My father.
83) 10) dialog: I used to be so proud of him. My big deal daddy. And now, he's just a crook. Worse even. And the weird thing is...
83) 12) dialog: I wish I could hate him but I can't. He said he'd never hurt either of us, and I know it's true and... I'm going back.
83) 14) text: Erin nods, takes the Locket off her neck.
83) 15) dialog: I want to forget. Forget what I know. Forget myself. Forget everything.
83) 17) dialog: (re: Locket) Keep it. Because it connects you to Lauren. And it connects you to me.
83) 19) dialog: No matter what happens I'll make sure everyone knows. That you're innocent. That you loved her. I promise.
83) 20) text: CLOSE. Erin pulls some makeup out of her jacket pocket. Dumps it on the ground. Finds a pot of dark eyeshadow amo the containers.
83) 21) dialog: I don't want to be me anymore. Make me like you.
85) 0) text: HEADLIGHTS approach from down the street. The Big Benz pulls into the empty driveway. Erin alone in the car, her mood tough to judge in the Cro mask.
86) 0) text: Erin enters, steels herself. Then she calls out...
86) 1) dialog: Dad?! You home?
87) 0) text: UNDERWATER. Erin plunges her masked face into the wash basin in this white-tiled bathroom. ANGLE - ERIN A few SLO-MO DROPLETS cascade off her face into basin as she scrutinizes herself in the mirror, wipe off the mask. CAMERA INCHING forward... She listens up. Grabs a Towel to blot the water on her face. We begin to hear with her... DRIP. DRIP. DRIP... She tightens the sink faucets. The sound continues DRIP DRIP as she moves to... THE CLAWFOOT BATHTUB Faucet not dripping, but the sound i louder. DRIP DRIP. Erin grabs the shower curtain, whips i back REVEALING... NATHAN RANDALL behind the tub, face a mask of gore, blown off point blank by the BLOODY HANDGUN on the tile next to him. ERIN screams.
88) 11) dialog: Alex!
88) 12) text: Walsh opens the door and Erin enters, wild and blood smeared, remnants of the Crow mask around her eyes.
88) 13) dialog: They killed my dad.
88) 16) dialog: It's not. I can't take it.
88) 18) dialog: I don't know. I found him lying there.
88) 23) dialog: What is this? Where are you going?
88) 28) dialog: Don't leave me. Please.
90) 0) text: ON WALSH, in motion as he puts on a jacket, throws some papers into a briefcase. He's nervous, ill-suited for thi cloak and dagger stuff, chattering...
90) 3) dialog: You followed me here.
90) 8) dialog: How?
90) 14) dialog: No. I mean... how did he kill himself How do you figure he killed himself--with a gun, right--when it wasn't anywhere near where you found him?
90) 16) dialog: You killed him.
90) 18) dialog: Back the fuck off! Now!
90) 22) dialog: The note. Show it to me.
90) 23) text: Erin has one eye on the papers now, recognizes her dad's hand. The Captain inches forward.
90) 24) dialog: (to Captain) Not you! (to Walsh) Show it to me.
90) 25) text: The Captain steps forward, right to the desk. Erin backed into a corner now.
90) 31) text: She fights as the Captain wraps his own hand over hers, wrestles her arm toward Walsh, in the sights now. BAM! WALSH blown backward, collapsing by the Chess Board. Tryi to pull himself up. Erin struggling. As... MADDEN enters from the hall, in a hurry, gun drawn.
91) 0) text: MUSIC STILL POUNDS, lights swirl. But the club has cleare out, leaving human detritus, a handful of casualties from the stampede. WITH ALEX as he steps over the Two Bouncers, expired on the floor. A soft WHIMPERING marks the silence.  The girl cuffed onstage. Alex goes up to the terrified girl. Close up, she looks way underage. He gathers her clothes, spots a key on the floor.
94) 0) text: revealed as Alex slips past the Curtain, retracing Lauren footsteps. CAMERA FOLLOWS Alex CREEPING down the hall to. ALEX'S INTERNAL POV - LAUREN down the hall, peering insid the partially open Back Room door, then turning back startled TOWARD CAMERA as if suddenly overtaken. AT THE DOOR Alex turns back, like Lauren, looks behind him. The hallway is empty. He enters...
107) 2) text: REVEAL, this is the Secretary's POV through the window. She's bent over someone's toes, painting them BLUE. WIDE. The Mystery Room revealed. Taxidermy specimens line the wall and the table. Erin stands in PROFILE in the middle of the room, strange silent, hands tied overhead by a rope that runs to the ceiling. The Secretary brushing polish on Erin's toes.
107) 4) text: The Secretary applies a last flourish of polish, then stands, kisses Erin gently.
107) 6) text: The Secretary moves off REVEALING... ERIN'S FACE MOUTH SEWN shut in a rough zigzag stitch, lik the scar. Her eyes dart as... THE DOOR opens. The Captain and Madden carry Alex in. Mad sweeps the TAXIDERMY SPECIMENS back with his hand, cleari a space for Alex on the table. Among them...
107) 15) text: The Secretary steps off to grab thekit, leaving Alex's lifeless open eyes pointing toward Erin, reflected in his eyeballs first before... ANGLE - ERIN looking up at her own hands, bound above her as she eases them apart and... The HEART SHAPED LOCKET slips from between her palms and she closes them again in time to catch the chain, the loc swinging. ON THE TABLE X-CLOSE. The locket reflected in Alex's lifeless open eyes a second before... The Secretary returns, blocking the sightline. Lays out the Kit, nasty looking tools left over from the Inquisiti Then unbuttons Alex's tattered shirt, undressing him for the procedure. Stab wounds everywhere.
107) 22) text: THE LOCKET - OVERCRANKED Snatched in midair by the Crow from Erin's praying hands. FLASH!  ALEX/CROW'S INTERNAL POV HIGH ANGLE CROWVISION. Dim memories from the woods. Anamorphic and dark. Two figures--Alex and Erin--kneeling. RESUME - THE LOCKET released from the Crow's beak, passing through the TRIO'S HANDS uncaught, bouncing off Alex onto the table, in fron of his open eyes. ALEX/CROW'S INTERNAL POV FLASH. AT GROUND LEVEL. Alex fastens the LOCKET around her neck. The distortion lessening, becoming Alex's POV.
107) 25) dialog: No matter what happens... you're innocent... I promise...
107) 28) text: MADDEN pulls a gun, points it at Erin. ALEX jumps up, fly INTO the gun as it goes off. CRASH! They tumble THROUGH THE WINDOW into the Captain's office while... THE CAPTAIN cuts down the rope holding Erin. She collapses... ON THE TABLE strewn with blades, secreting one between he hands, in the second before... THE CAPTAIN drags Erin off. The Secretary flails at the Crow with a metal ROD, while... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden has the gun on Alex now. BAM! No effect. BAM!
108) 0) text: CLOSE. Floor lights sequence above the door, heading for underground parking. "5 - 4 - 3..." The Captain watches the lights. Erin is slumped face first against the side of the elevator oppos him.
108) 2) text: ON ERIN face pressed against the elevator wall, intent.
108) 4) text: Erin winces, looks down... THE BLADE emerging from her sleeve as she tries to hold i with her two bound hands. DING. The elevator jerks to a stop. THE CAPTAIN grabs her off the floor and she RAMS the blad into his abdomen with the force of the entire body. Twist it. The elevator doors open. ERIN pulls out the blade, claws her way out the door, the Captain hanging on to her, finally getting free as she swipes at him again, drawing fresh blood. Running now, into...
109) 0) text: Erin stumbles between cars in the dark underground garage cutting the cord off her hands, leaving it behind as...
110) 0) text: Alex runs past the glass AWARDS CASE, takes a flying leap behind the desk, seeking cover as Madden empties a clip a him. The slide ratchets back. Madden SLAMS another clip in, advances on Alex, hidden behind the shredded desk as... THE SECRETARY clears stuffed birds off the table trying t expose the wounded crow cowering back against the wall.
110) 2) text: WHOP! She grabs it, the Crow flapping desperately as... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden creeps up on the desk, pee over it. Nothing. Out of nowhere... WAM!  Alex rushes Madden, bulldozing him across the room with a pained cry of brute force toward... THE AWARDS CASE CRASH! Glass shatters as Alex hurls Madde who swivels around in time to get off a last shot BAM! That collapses Alex to the floor. IN THE MYSTERY ROOM The Crow squeezes out of the Secretar grasp, leaving her holding a couple feathers. AT THE AWARD'S CASE Alex hauls himself off the floor as the Crow joins him. Seeing... MADDEN'S HEAD has taken its place among glass bowls and trophies, half decapitated by the glass shelf it now rest on. Down the shelf from the stuffed bird. ALEX rushes through the blown out window into... Seeing for the first time that Erin is gone, the rope hanging from the ceiling, finding...
111) 0) text: The sound of GUNFIRE filters down from above as the Capta hunts his hidden prey. He stops, studies... ERIN'S POV - LOW ANGLE LOOKING UNDER A CAR The Captain's feet, joined by his hand as he picks up the thread she left on the ground.
111) 3) text: The Captain's feet have moved off. Where? She listens, hears nothing. Slips off... NEW ANGLE - ERIN takes refuge in the service area, crouch behind stacks of TIRES. Knife at the ready.
111) 7) dialog: You don't know me at all.
111) 10) text: Erin SCREAMS as he drags her off now and...
114) 0) text: The Captain nervous at the wheel. He looks over his shoulder... Erin's in the back seat, cuffed to the door handle.
118) 2) text: Erin perks up in the back seat. Battered. Ever hopeful.
120) 4) text: FIND ERIN, in the darkness, listening to Alex's voice. She touches her mouth, little drops of dried blood where the wounds are already healing.
120) 20) dialog: You are so dead.
120) 21) text: She glances at the Captain, fibrillating in the chair, starts to move off. Then stops, near Alex, looking with him at... THEIR POV - THE ZIGZAG SCAR fibrillating, as we PUSH into seething detail. Writhing bodies, human suffering, a hellish miasma that draws us in until we turn our heads away, released.
121) 0) text: Alex and Erin exit the visitor's entrance, met by the Cro and the first rays of morning light. He puts his arm around her and she places her hand over his.
121) 3) dialog: You want to get some breakfast? (then) What I mean is... I don't know how this works, but...
121) 5) dialog: In the woods you said you had nothing. But you wouldn't, and I wouldn't if there's some way you don't have to go. Please. At least not right away.
121) 7) text: For a split second, she's... LAUREN Smiling. Sublime. She kisses him. As the break off it's... ERIN AGAIN She hangs on a long moment before letting go. Then she spots something... ON THE GROUND - A SIGN carried by one of the protestors. "Remember the Victim." With a picture of Lauren. Someone has written a bold "s" after it. "Remember the Victims." ERIN picks up the sign.
121) 8) dialog: Alex. Look at this.
123) 2) text: REVEAL... Erin is writing the journal, but she's a radica transformed wild child. A shock of vividly colored dreadlocks, some of the holes that stitched her mouth shut kept permanently open by stu
123) 5) dialog: I love Alex. As my sister always hoped I would. And I love Lauren. And I know, because of this, that love does not die. I'm alive. Thinking of them. Hoping that, sometimes, they're thinking of me.
123) 6) text: Erin stops writing, closes the journal, stands. She takes the Locket off her neck, drapes it over Alex's headstone, like the one already over Lauren's. She stares at the two a moment, then puts her index finge to her lips, transfers kisses to the two stones. And leav