37) 0) text: A GIRL'S HAND clutches a HEART SHAPED LOCKET. TILT UP, it's Erin, wearing an identical LOCKET around he neck. School uniform, pleated skirt and school books. The splish splash of the wipers the only sound until...
45) 0) text: BACKSTAGE Madden moves past girls in various stages of undress. Smoking, yapping, waiting to go onstage. One loo up, interested, but he doesn't look back, exits into...
89) 0) text: More debauched than our previous visit. Darker, more crowded. Patrons propositioned in front of our eyes by girls barel eighteen. The room writhing. ON THE MAINSTAGE the "Cop" strippers we saw before, but dangerous seeming, as they pantomime an interrogation, a handcuffed "perp" manhandled between them. AT THE ENTRANCE Alex blows past people waiting to get in, creating enough disturbance that TWO BOUNCERS greet him.
91) 0) text: MUSIC STILL POUNDS, lights swirl. But the club has cleare out, leaving human detritus, a handful of casualties from the stampede. WITH ALEX as he steps over the Two Bouncers, expired on the floor. A soft WHIMPERING marks the silence.  The girl cuffed onstage. Alex goes up to the terrified girl. Close up, she looks way underage. He gathers her clothes, spots a key on the floor.
100) 0) text: Alex staggers along in bad shape. Up ahead... A GIRL in her twenties exits a building down a flight of stairs, waits at the bottom for her BOYFRIEND, who's lock the door. She sees Alex, gives him an empathetic look. Alex walks slowly closer. ALEX'S INTERNAL POV Lauren appearing to him, playing thei game. But the words are wrong, distorted.
100) 2) text: Her Bruce Lee "Oooo" a siren call. RESUME Alex moving slo forward on the street, drawn toward the girl who watches with horrified fascination.
100) 9) dialog: Did you have to do that?
100) 11) dialog: He's bleeding.
100) 14) text: The Guy wraps his arm protectively around the girl, walks her off. Running into a COP at the next intersection. The POINT at... ALEX takes off, ducking into an alley. Confused. CAMERA CREEPS BACKWARD as he gathers his thoughts.