44) 0) text: BAM BAM continues, but these are TOY GUNS, fired in synch with POUNDING MUSIC. In the hands of TWO STRIPPERS. Topless, leather G's and chokers, black stockings, POLICE HATS on their heads, law enforcement stars for earrings. The CAPACITY CROWD responds as they pout, wield their weapons. AT THE ENTRANCE - MADDEN a straightfaced plainclothes detective, more upscale than the clientele, flashes a BAD at a BOUNCER who scowls, lets him pass. WITH MADDEN circumnavigating the mainstage, where the cop strippers are waving handcuffs now. At the edge of the room, LAP-DANCERS pull one-on-one's for twenties. Madden exits...
45) 0) text: BACKSTAGE Madden moves past girls in various stages of undress. Smoking, yapping, waiting to go onstage. One loo up, interested, but he doesn't look back, exits into...
46) 0) text: AN INTERNET PORN FACILITY Where "live" sex workers man tiny fantasy sets--a Dungeon, a Shower, a desk and blackboard meant to suggest a Schoolroom. Crudely built, but good enough for 500x800 pixel resolution. Madden stop a second, looking... OVER A MONITOR - THE DUNGEON SET UPDATES every six second the slowly changing low-rez version of the action on the set--a woman tied to a chair with bright surgical tubing. The picture refreshes and BG, the woman sneaks an expertl timed sip of Diet Coke, puts the can away before the pict updates again. A COUNTER shows 132,768 hits and climbing. Madden gives a look, like people are really fucked up, continues past a curtain with a "No Admittance" sign into...
47) 0) text: A BACK HALL dark, the furthest recesses of the building. Madden continues cautiously toward... A DOOR
48) 0) text: The door is cracked open. Madden moving very quietly now, scowling as he peers through the slight opening. Three guys and whirring machines counting stacks of money Guns on the tabletops, in holsters, out of reach. The door flies open.
48) 1) dialog: Police!
48) 5) dialog: How's the month end?
48) 7) dialog: Where's Dutton?
48) 9) dialog: Anyone at all curious why?
48) 10) text: Erlich, Larkin and Toomey exchange a look. Madden goes to one of the money counters and grabs... A STACK OF TWENTIES tossed violently at the ceiling. Larkin and Toomey scramble as the bills flutter down like leaves, picking them up.
48) 11) dialog: You leave the door open with two hundred strangers out there!  What's it take for you guys to learn a goddamn lesson?
48) 15) dialog: You know why Dutton's not here? Rigor mortis! He's dead.
48) 17) dialog: One shot to the head, then fifty three stab wounds with a six inch blade. Any deja vu here? Think Corvus knife, missing from the evidence room.
48) 19) dialog: Since last night. As usual, you're right on top of things.
48) 24) dialog: Shut up! Erlich and Larkin settle down.
48) 25) dialog: Crime scene's a goddamn clusterfuck. Every reporter in town's trying to get a look at Dutton's body. I suggest we get a line on this before someone else does.
48) 28) text: Erlich and Madden share a look. On the same wavelength. Erlich picks up his weapon off the table.
67) 4) text: Sergeant #2 CONTINUES UNDER as CAMERA FINDS... FAVORING LARKIN, TOOMEY AND MADDEN huddling together at the back. Urgent whispers. Larkin and Toomey try to conta their panic.
67) 6) dialog: Calm down.
67) 11) dialog: (flips it over) Scary guy. Not only survives that crash, but takes time out for art.
67) 18) text: Madden shakes his head like this is bad news, rises and leaves.
68) 0) text: A SECRETARY mans a LOW COUNTER guarding a large door at the end of the huge empty hall. She's got a heavy mascara trailer park vibe, looks up from her eyelash curler at th sound of approaching FOOTSTEPS. HER POV - THROUGH THE EYELASH CURLER Madden approaches. Stops. THE SECRETARY smiles, hits a BUTTON under the counter. The door to the Captain's office swings open.
68) 2) dialog: Right back at ya.
68) 3) text: She checks out Madden as he moves past her, then puts the eyelash curler away in a NAILIT containing a couple of razor sharp SCALPELS.
69) 2) text: Madden sits.
69) 4) dialog: Yeah, we do.
69) 6) text: Madden does. The Captain begins and intense slow burn.
69) 10) dialog: I know.
69) 12) dialog: I know the guy leaves a sign.
69) 13) text: Madden produces "The List," flips it over to show the Cro doodle in blood.
69) 17) text: The Captain SLAMS a file down in front of Madden, who let things cool out a moment before looking at it.
69) 18) dialog: (reads cover) Tommy Leonard. The eyewitness in the Corvis case.
69) 20) dialog: Guy dressed for Halloween?
69) 22) text: They look up as the Secretary enters, holding the door open, like it's time to leave. Madden starts to speak and
69) 24) text: The Secretary gives Madden a look as he exits, then joins the captain who's standing...
75) 0) text: Madden stands by a plainwrap ,calmly SMOKING. A SCREAM above. He looks up to see CRASH! Tommy's BODY breaks through a window four floors up and falls with broken glass, landing by Madden who rubs his temple a second, then calmly grinds out the butt.
81) 0) text: An odd foursome approaches from the far end of the hall. Mercer escorts Madden, the Captain, and the Secretary who hangs on her bosses arm, gawking like a tourist.
82) 5) dialog: They botched the execution.
82) 7) dialog: Christ. It was Corvis. Tommy Leonard was right.
82) 12) dialog: Fucking crow.
82) 14) text: Madden turns, not comfortable with the concept.
82) 17) dialog: How about sign of a big black bird?
82) 20) dialog: Time out. You really saying he's back from beyond?
82) 22) dialog: Cause if you're losing your mind, I got a right to know.
90) 31) text: She fights as the Captain wraps his own hand over hers, wrestles her arm toward Walsh, in the sights now. BAM! WALSH blown backward, collapsing by the Chess Board. Tryi to pull himself up. Erin struggling. As... MADDEN enters from the hall, in a hurry, gun drawn.
90) 32) dialog: You need help?
90) 35) text: BAM. A shot from Madden drops Walsh for god. As Madden drags Walsh toward the door, the Captain grabs... THE PICTURE OF ALEX AND LAUREN pulled off the lid of the Chess box, one of the pieces of tape left behind. The Captain exits.
96) 0) text: Some light filters in as a door opens to the outside. A FIGURE enters, squats among the bodies. He leans in, clos larkin's eyes, and we see... It's Madden. Blood on his hands. He hears Alex's VOICE faintly, then Toomey cries out in pain. Madden moves toward...
97) 0) text: Madden creeps down the hallway to the back room. VOICES growing louder.
97) 4) text: As Madden moves toward the conversation, his face registe the slightest of smiles. MADDEN'S CREEPING POV MONITORS obliquely visible as he reaches the end of the hall by the Fantasy sets. The "Shower" monitor shows Alex and Toomey, visible through the trashed set, updated every six seconds. MADDEN SNIFFS gas. The HISS now audible along with Alex's voice. Madden smiles. Pulls out his 9mm. And BACKS UP, away from the Fantasy Sets toward the back room. Madden takes aim at... THE FIRST MONITOR The images is Alex threatening Toomey. Updating now--LOSING ALEX on the Monitor as he steps into frame in person, looks up and BAM! CROWVISION a speeding bullet passes narrowly by and... ANGLE - GROUND ZERO as the bullet hits the monitor in a shower of sparks, followed by... BOOM! A ROILING FIREBALL Seems to vaporize Alex before flying down the hallway right at CAMERA. Madden manages a couple steps in retreat before it blows him into the back room with a deafening roar.
106) 25) text: The Captain drops Alex lifeless and bloody to the floor. Only the sound of the Captain panting now, then... The sound of slow clapping. Madden walks into the room from behind perimeter curtains. CLAP CLAP CLAP.
106) 28) dialog: You were right. Picture's worth a thousand words.
106) 29) text: Madden kicks Alex lightly, nudging him. No life signes. The Captain rips the picture in two. Tosses it in the tra
106) 31) dialog: Doubt is a motherfucker.
107) 0) text: NEW ANGLE - THROUGH A WINDOW DARKLY Madden and the Captai grab Alex, one at each end.
107) 6) text: The Secretary moves off REVEALING... ERIN'S FACE MOUTH SEWN shut in a rough zigzag stitch, lik the scar. Her eyes dart as... THE DOOR opens. The Captain and Madden carry Alex in. Mad sweeps the TAXIDERMY SPECIMENS back with his hand, cleari a space for Alex on the table. Among them...
107) 9) dialog: So was he dead? Or alive?
107) 14) dialog: You two are majorly demented. Anyone ever tell you that?
107) 28) text: MADDEN pulls a gun, points it at Erin. ALEX jumps up, fly INTO the gun as it goes off. CRASH! They tumble THROUGH THE WINDOW into the Captain's office while... THE CAPTAIN cuts down the rope holding Erin. She collapses... ON THE TABLE strewn with blades, secreting one between he hands, in the second before... THE CAPTAIN drags Erin off. The Secretary flails at the Crow with a metal ROD, while... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden has the gun on Alex now. BAM! No effect. BAM!
107) 32) text: Madden wheels, points the gun through the busted-out pict window into... The SECRETARY dives for cover as bullets explode around her. The Crow dancing, sprayed with debris.
110) 0) text: Alex runs past the glass AWARDS CASE, takes a flying leap behind the desk, seeking cover as Madden empties a clip a him. The slide ratchets back. Madden SLAMS another clip in, advances on Alex, hidden behind the shredded desk as... THE SECRETARY clears stuffed birds off the table trying t expose the wounded crow cowering back against the wall.
110) 2) text: WHOP! She grabs it, the Crow flapping desperately as... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden creeps up on the desk, pee over it. Nothing. Out of nowhere... WAM!  Alex rushes Madden, bulldozing him across the room with a pained cry of brute force toward... THE AWARDS CASE CRASH! Glass shatters as Alex hurls Madde who swivels around in time to get off a last shot BAM! That collapses Alex to the floor. IN THE MYSTERY ROOM The Crow squeezes out of the Secretar grasp, leaving her holding a couple feathers. AT THE AWARD'S CASE Alex hauls himself off the floor as the Crow joins him. Seeing... MADDEN'S HEAD has taken its place among glass bowls and trophies, half decapitated by the glass shelf it now rest on. Down the shelf from the stuffed bird. ALEX rushes through the blown out window into... Seeing for the first time that Erin is gone, the rope hanging from the ceiling, finding...