2) 0) text: CLOSE on a BIRTHDAY CAKE, twenty one candles flickering a it makes its way past deathrow cells, held waiter style o one hand by MERCER, a MUSTACHED prison GUARD.
3) 4) dialog: We found the man with the scar.
3) 5) text: Despite himself, Alex looks up. Mercer gestures at... THE CAKE in the middle of the candles, an arm made of frostin with a large ZIGZAG marking on the forearm, also frosting FAVORING ALEX looking from the cake up to Mercer, who nod at the candles.
3) 6) dialog: Go ahead. Make a wish.
7) 1) dialog: I was facing the hot seat, I'd want my attorney banging down the door of the Supreme Court, not playing board games. But maybe that's just me.
7) 2) text: They look up as Mercer appears outside the barred door to the cell, starts to unlock it.
7) 4) dialog: No. It's time.
7) 8) dialog: Ok. C'mon now...
8) 0) text: Dead Man Walking. A mini parade past the cells of the condemned. One guard flanks Alex, another follows. The Warden and Minister out in front. HANDS extend from the other cells as Alex passes. Unable to touch, but he reaches for them, a gesture of solidarit Mercer catches up with the group, flanking Alex cell-side Alex drops his hand, cut off even from that.
10) 16) dialog: Cruel, who's to say, but it sure was unusual.
11) 2) dialog: That, my friend, is a deterrent.
12) 0) text: The guards swing the gurney to a stop by a steel locker, one of several. Mercer opens the locker door. The unceremoniously slide the body into the locker and... BANG. The body hits the open door. Convulsed as it is, th body won't really fit through the door.
12) 1) dialog: Whoops.
19) 0) text: WITH the LEGS of a Guard walking quickly. REVEAL Mercer. His RADIO crackling.
19) 1) dialog: (into radio) Mercer. I'm on it.
20) 0) text: Empty. Bars at the far end spell seriously secure territo Mercer moves cautiously up the empty hallway, stops as... The Crow hops out from a side hallway. Drawing him on.
20) 3) dialog: (into radio) Found our intruder. It's got a beak and a death wish.
20) 4) text: Mercer pulls out his NIGHTSTICK, loses the bird as it hop back THROUGH BARS into...
22) 0) text: Mercer is peering through the double-barred gate at the end of the row as Alex emerges from his former cell.
22) 1) dialog: (still into radio) Get me some backup. We got one loose on the row. (through the bars to Alex) Now who the fuck are you?
22) 2) text: Alex looks up, sees Mercer and FLASH... ALEX'S INTERNAL POV A pop of Mercer bringing the birthday cake. A wash of flame, twenty one candles. A blip of Wals Of a White King. RESUME Alex perplexed, looking at the cake still litterin the floor of his ex-cell, candles melted down. Mercer wor his way through the double-barred doors onto the row.
22) 3) dialog: And what have you done to your face there beauty queen?
22) 4) text: The INMATE occupying the cell next to Alex's peers out through the bars, vanishes again as Mercer WHOPS the bars once with his nightstick.
22) 8) dialog: Yeah, well... here's a present for you.
22) 9) text: WHOOSH. Mercer swings his NIGHTSTICK at Alex's head. Alex catches it, instinctively in one hand. Mercer reaches for A RED PANIC BUTTON hanging off his guard belt. Mercer sla it. FAVORING ALEX lets go of the stick, looks at his own hand, surprised. WHAM!  Mercer broadsides Alex's head with the stick. Alex goes down shocked, not from pain, from the fact that some would attack him. WHAM WHAM WHAM. Mercer brutalizes Alex, collapsed at his feet as... TWO GUARDS enter the far end of the Row, race toward Alex's cell, one holding a TASER. Its LASER SIGHT finds Alex, crumpled in front of Mercer.
22) 10) dialog: It's ok. Man. Had me going there.
22) 11) text: Looks like it's over. The guards relax. ALEX suddenly loo up at Mercer. Zero damage from the blows.
22) 13) dialog: Taser!
22) 14) text: Alex wheels around as Guard One squeezes the trigger. CROWVISION The Taser Darts speed toward Camera. RESUME Alex shunts himself to the side and the TASER DART impale themselves in Mercer's thighs. He drops fibrillati A CHEER goes up from the men in their cells, who become progressively rowdier as the guards BOLT and Alex follows strength in his stride, nightstick in hand. Pieces of FLAMING TOILETPAPER flung now from the cells of Deathrow. AT THE FAR ENTRANCE the two Guards scramble to get the door closed behind them before Alex catches up. They'd make it except Alex hurls... THE NIGHTSTICK flying end over end like a throwing knife, catching the trailing guard in the back of the head, dropping him in the door, propping it open. ALEX enters the cage entrance to Deathrow, sharing the space with the Guard still standing.
27) 0) text: ON THE ROOFTOP Mercer and the others stand there dumbstru looking down as the SPOTLIGHT finds nothing. A RADIO CRACKLES. Mercer keys it a beat later.
27) 2) text: Mercer moves the radio away from his head.
27) 3) dialog: Then who was the fucking Houdini?
81) 0) text: An odd foursome approaches from the far end of the hall. Mercer escorts Madden, the Captain, and the Secretary who hangs on her bosses arm, gawking like a tourist.
81) 2) dialog: Nothing to report. All inmates were present and accounted for.
81) 6) dialog: Hey, Corvis fried. I don't really see how it could be him.
82) 0) text: Mercer goes to the locker where he left Alex.
82) 1) dialog: Be forewarned. Nature takes its toll. (opens locker) Bon appetit.
82) 2) text: The all look inside. The locker is empty. Mercer's the only one shocked. He noisily opens and shuts the other lockers looking for Alex.
82) 4) text: Mercer stops, backs off, gives the power trio some space.
106) 17) text: Alex escapes the taser. Mercer drops.