68) 0) text: A SECRETARY mans a LOW COUNTER guarding a large door at the end of the huge empty hall. She's got a heavy mascara trailer park vibe, looks up from her eyelash curler at th sound of approaching FOOTSTEPS. HER POV - THROUGH THE EYELASH CURLER Madden approaches. Stops. THE SECRETARY smiles, hits a BUTTON under the counter. The door to the Captain's office swings open.
68) 1) dialog: Glad I'm not you.
69) 22) text: They look up as the Secretary enters, holding the door open, like it's time to leave. Madden starts to speak and
69) 24) text: The Secretary gives Madden a look as he exits, then joins the captain who's standing...
69) 28) dialog: Sssshhhh.
81) 0) text: An odd foursome approaches from the far end of the hall. Mercer escorts Madden, the Captain, and the Secretary who hangs on her bosses arm, gawking like a tourist.
82) 8) dialog: Maybe you were a little harsh on him.
82) 9) text: They watch now as the Secretary moves, drawn to the mirro
82) 10) dialog: Babe?
82) 19) dialog: This guy David Jenkins came back as a ghost because my uncle owed him four dollars. Followed him everywhere. Ruined his life.
82) 21) text: The Secretary nestles into the Captain, who whispers in her ear. He nods.
82) 24) dialog: The man...
103) 0) text: Alex walks the long approach to the Captain's office, pas the empty Secretary's desk. KICKING the door open CRASH! into...
107) 1) dialog: He's cute. Was cute.
107) 2) text: REVEAL, this is the Secretary's POV through the window. She's bent over someone's toes, painting them BLUE. WIDE. The Mystery Room revealed. Taxidermy specimens line the wall and the table. Erin stands in PROFILE in the middle of the room, strange silent, hands tied overhead by a rope that runs to the ceiling. The Secretary brushing polish on Erin's toes.
107) 3) dialog: But the face, well, makeup can work for you or against you. Right?
107) 4) text: The Secretary applies a last flourish of polish, then stands, kisses Erin gently.
107) 5) dialog: All done. Very nice. (then) You're a good listener.
107) 6) text: The Secretary moves off REVEALING... ERIN'S FACE MOUTH SEWN shut in a rough zigzag stitch, lik the scar. Her eyes dart as... THE DOOR opens. The Captain and Madden carry Alex in. Mad sweeps the TAXIDERMY SPECIMENS back with his hand, cleari a space for Alex on the table. Among them...
107) 10) text: The Secretary puts her ear to Alex's lifeless lips.
107) 15) text: The Secretary steps off to grab thekit, leaving Alex's lifeless open eyes pointing toward Erin, reflected in his eyeballs first before... ANGLE - ERIN looking up at her own hands, bound above her as she eases them apart and... The HEART SHAPED LOCKET slips from between her palms and she closes them again in time to catch the chain, the loc swinging. ON THE TABLE X-CLOSE. The locket reflected in Alex's lifeless open eyes a second before... The Secretary returns, blocking the sightline. Lays out the Kit, nasty looking tools left over from the Inquisiti Then unbuttons Alex's tattered shirt, undressing him for the procedure. Stab wounds everywhere.
107) 16) dialog: Fifty three?
107) 18) text: A large KNIFE, the Lauren murder weapon, angles in at the base of Alex'sneck where the Secretary's head was.
107) 28) text: MADDEN pulls a gun, points it at Erin. ALEX jumps up, fly INTO the gun as it goes off. CRASH! They tumble THROUGH THE WINDOW into the Captain's office while... THE CAPTAIN cuts down the rope holding Erin. She collapses... ON THE TABLE strewn with blades, secreting one between he hands, in the second before... THE CAPTAIN drags Erin off. The Secretary flails at the Crow with a metal ROD, while... IN THE CAPTAIN'S OFFICE Madden has the gun on Alex now. BAM! No effect. BAM!
107) 31) dialog: It's the bird! Kill it!
107) 32) text: Madden wheels, points the gun through the busted-out pict window into... The SECRETARY dives for cover as bullets explode around her. The Crow dancing, sprayed with debris.
110) 0) text: Alex runs past the glass AWARDS CASE, takes a flying leap behind the desk, seeking cover as Madden empties a clip a him. The slide ratchets back. Madden SLAMS another clip in, advances on Alex, hidden behind the shredded desk as... THE SECRETARY clears stuffed birds off the table trying t expose the wounded crow cowering back against the wall.
110) 1) dialog: Here pretty bird. Here birdy.
110) 6) dialog: sitting on the floor, painting her own toenails BLUE, leaning up against the wall.
110) 8) text: Alex eases the Secretary to her feet with a hand around her neck, her back to the wall. She looks UP, smiling at. WALSH - RIGHT ARM MISSING hangs high overhead from some kind of hook. His arm has been crudely removed. Underneath him, on the table, a BOX of 2" surgical stainl steel rods sits by a pool of blood. ALEX yells, reeling, as... The door flies open. A half dozen cops in, all targeting Alex as... THE SECRETARY plunges the Lauren KNIFE in Alex's back. He spins violently THROWING her HARD against the wall. WAM! Surprise!-she sticks. REVEAL, she's impaled on ANTELOPE ANTLERS, hanging off the wall. Her head drops, looking down as a stream of blood flows down her legs, drips off her toes...
110) 9) dialog: (dying words) My nails.
111) 2) dialog: reproving herself as she turns toward camera. She looks back under the car, but...