3) 10) dialog: (european accent) Hello. You are the teacher friend, yes?
3) 14) dialog: (SHARP )
3) 17) dialog: (laughing) Base jumping. Buildings, yes. It is illegal. But a high. 14 15 11. She waves her joint and all the girls laugh, tensions dissolving. HOLLY smiles at SARAH.
3) 18) dialog: I like your short hair. It’s better than before. Juno showed me photos of when you used to climb together
5) 4) dialog: I’m like Juno, you know, the sport fuck? Rebecca too I think? But when I am an old lady maybe twenty-four twenty-five I have babies... 12. There is an awkward silence. Rebecca squeezes SARAH’s han HOLLY (cont'd) What?
5) 6) dialog: Shit. Juno told me about your husband but I didn’t... No-one can think of anything to say. JUNO fills the silen
5) 10) dialog: What bullshit?
7) 0) text: HOLLY is lying on her bed while SAM packs. A low lamp is burning. HOLLY is in a very brief T-shirt with ‘KILL ALL HIPPIES’ on it, and SAM is in PJs. They are pretty drunk. HOLLY has a crappy mini stereo playing tinny surf/punk mu She is smoking a joint and swigging from a hip flask that passes to SAM.
7) 1) dialog: So you go on trips with all these girls before? 18 19 14.
7) 3) dialog: Why go on holiday with your sister? You don’t want to meet guys?
8) 0) text: Walking past the bedroom JUNO overhears. HOLLY (0.S.) (cont'd) ...It’s Starbucks, you know - hand rails, tourist things...it’s not adventure. Juno lingers by the door, eavesdropping...
9) 1) dialog: If you are a climber, jumper, caver you have to just do it and not give a fuck or the thing that is bigger than you will get you. SAM pats HOLLY’s hand.
9) 3) dialog: You are lucky. He looks like a bad boy.
19) 0) text: We see a foot reflected in the mirror. It lowers and anot comes up. HOLLY the human rubber band is stretching. ANGLE on view from Holly’s bathroom window: JUNO is stret on the porch, lithe and sinuous. But not a rubber band. H watching her. Holly’s face pops up in the mirror, smiling, with first o by her ear -
19) 1) dialog: The Queen is dead... And then the other.
19) 2) dialog: Long live the queen. And she sticks her tongue out at herself in glee.
21) 0) text: HOLLY is at the bottom of the steps, setting up a camera of the JEEPS parked up front.
21) 1) dialog: Alright ladies....group shot! The others begin to assemble on the steps, carrying PACKS with kit. There is an edgy, fragile, hung-over vibe comin everyone except JUNO and HOLLY. BETH comes out last, look pissed off and anxious. REBECCA is fiddling with SAM’S ki SARAH is looking distractedly at the rather jaundiced daw is now breaking. BETH sighs.
21) 2) dialog: 
23) 0) text: REBECCA is driving with SAM beside her and HOLLY filming journey on her CAM-CORDER.
23) 3) dialog: (to herself) American porn.
23) 7) dialog: The only danger is the boredom. Boreham caves, boredom caves
27) 1) dialog: ...nice parking
28) 5) dialog: (dead pan) She can smell it.
29) 0) text: JUNO, up front, pushes through into a clearing. CROWS scatter and burst up into the air in a wild flurry. rotting corpse of a giant ELK lies washed up on the rocks huge bulk deflated and gaunt, its fur matted with blood a HOLLY takes pictures of the dead creature as the others g around, some looking on with interest, others with disgus
29) 1) dialog: Cool, huh?
36) 0) text: HOLLY comes down the rope at high speed, her CAM-CORDER a to her helmet, howling all the way! At the last moment sh herself and lands like a cat in front of JUNO and SARAH SARAH shakes her head in dismay as JUNO steps in
38) 0) text: REBECCA overtakes SAM and lands softly, unhooking herself the rope before SAM lands beside her. HOLLY is filming th with her CAMCORDER. JUNO stands beneath a steady drip of water, the light fro surface shining down on her upturned face, soaking her br
38) 6) dialog: The butterflies of the night... 28.
42) 4) dialog: I’m just getting a couple more shots. This cave is cooler than I thought. 30.
42) 14) dialog: ...She flips out? 70 31.
43) 14) dialog: I will take point yes? 71 72 73 74 33. HOLLY discards a half-eaten CANDY BAR and heads into the hooked onto a rope, which JUNO feeds in after her.
44) 0) text: HOLLY edges further and further into the fissure. As the funnel inward, she must first stoop, then crawl, then lie and wriggle into this tiny passageway through the rock.
44) 1) dialog: Phut! It’s tight crack in here. BETH looks apprehensive as she shines her torch along the crawl-way.
45) 0) text: HOLLY crawls head first through this intensely claustroph passage, barely big enough for her to move, contorting he through the most awkward spaces imaginable. Slowly but su she edges through, until at last the CRAWL SPACE opens ou she emerges in another tunnel, this time with high slopin and a sloping floor running diagonally along its length. HOLLY quickly turns about and part-crawls back into the H
45) 1) dialog: OK I’m through!
45) 3) dialog: Maybe 100-150 feet..
49) 0) text: JUNO crawls out to join HOLLY, then helps SAM out.
53) 0) text: HOLLY, at the far end, wants to know what’s keeping every
53) 1) dialog: It’s okay down there?
57) 4) dialog: Sure.
57) 11) dialog: seen You are right about that. SARAH gets to her feet as all eyes, and torch beams fall spot HOLLY is looking at: The fissure is completely block 40.
57) 13) dialog: So what do we do now?
57) 23) dialog: Well, we have food and water. We have a fuck-off cave to explore...
57) 34) dialog: (matter of factly) There may not BE a way out. 42. JUNO is walking around frantically examining every nook a cranny. BETH follows her, furious.
60) 0) text: HOLLY is next across and we
68) 2) dialog: It’s tight but it opens out.
69) 0) text: HOLLY is the first out of the cleft, and as she enters th cavern, something immediately catches her eye. We don’t s it is, but she stands there, staring past us....
69) 1) dialog: Hey! There’s something down here! 50. One by one the others join her. Standing alongside of eac shining torches and headlamps past US, gazing in awe and wonderment at...
69) 10) dialog: It’s many paintings? 99 51.
70) 2) dialog: That’s the one! At that she takes off down the tunnel.
70) 4) dialog: Daylight! I see daylight! Before others can catch up, she is off and running again, time without any lights on! Using the DAYLIGHT to guide h But when she rounds the bend and sees it isn’t daylight a but LUMINESCENT ALGAE growing on the wall, the floor drop beneath her! It’s a SINKHOLE and she slides uncontrollabl the slippery rock toward the brink. JUNO quickly arrives at the scene with the FLARE and dive toward where HOLLY was last standing. She lunges toward t of the SINKHOLE, where the slippery rock forms an angled in the floor of the cave. She jams her shoulder against a rock and winces. HOLLY (cont’d) Help me! JUNO just manages to grab her hand, but HOLLY’s fingers a covered in slime, making it impossible to hold on. JUNO i pressed against the rock which is cutting her arm. HOLLY going. First her hand slips...
70) 7) dialog: From below comes a faint sound of pain... It’s HOLLY. She alive.
70) 10) dialog: (to herself) Shit. Groaning she reaches down her leg to where the pain is gr and feels something protruding. HOLLY (cont'd) (calling to the others) I think I hurt my leg! Raising her head, she looks down, shining her HEAD LAMP o spot, to see her shin bone has broken and burst through t skin! The wound isn’t bleeding but muscle and sinews are out of her leg! She falls back, gasping for breath against the pain. HOLLY (cont’d) Please.. get down here....!
70) 17) dialog: (through gritted teeth) Alright, but make it quick...make it quick quick quick.... HOLLY is delirious with pain as SAM continues her work an and BETH arrive at the scene.
70) 23) dialog: Ahh Jeeessussss!!!
70) 27) dialog: What are you going to do?
70) 76) dialog: Jesus!