2) 0) text: The same car drives towards us and pulls over, its headli ECU. We pull back as they switch off and Sarah steps out passenger side. BETH gets out too, stretching. On the veranda in front of this log cabin JUNO waits for
2) 1) dialog: Sarah! Beth! She strides towards them, radiant and confident as ever. sweeps SARAH into an embrace, catching BETH’s eye as she so. BETH looks back at her, cool.
2) 3) dialog: Everything’s going to be fine. Better it’s going to be great - go on in, Rebecca and Sam can’t wait to see you. She takes SARAH’s bag and pushes her towards the light an laughter. Once Sarah is out of earshot, JUNO looks at BET JUNO (cont'd) How is she? 13
2) 5) dialog: It’s not a competition Beth.
3) 5) dialog: (changing the subject) Sarah, you know Sam’s going to be Doctor Van Ney in like, a year’s time!
3) 7) dialog: I’m going to fix us some drinks - Sarah, come help me? But Sarah is staring into the fire, distracted. JUNO shru walks off. SAM laughs at BETH.
3) 19) dialog: (at Sarah’s shoulder) Plus I found this classic, from our first ever trip. She hands SARAH an old slightly battered photo. It shows teenage girls - JUNO, SARAH and BETH - with their arms ar each other, elated, against a blue sky.
5) 7) dialog: (to Sarah) So Rebecca and I are going into business. We’ve set up a company.
5) 11) dialog: (teasing; of Rebecca) Well, there’s the gear freaks. Those guys who have to have the latest gadget and use it all the time. No room for instinct. Rebecca laughs, realizing that Juno’s comment is directed her. She continues the joke 16 17 13.
6) 0) text: REBECCA and JUNO are padding around preparing for the mor REBECCA has an impeccably tidy pile of gear at the foot o bed. JUNO a pile of clothes and a map.
8) 0) text: Walking past the bedroom JUNO overhears. HOLLY (0.S.) (cont'd) ...It’s Starbucks, you know - hand rails, tourist things...it’s not adventure. Juno lingers by the door, eavesdropping...
10) 0) text: JUNO walks away looking pissed off, bumping into REBECCA clearly overheard as well.
16) 0) text: Juno breezes in to her room.
16) 1) dialog: Wakey wakey! REBECCA is sitting up in bed, wearing sunglasses, and loo severely hung-over.
19) 0) text: We see a foot reflected in the mirror. It lowers and anot comes up. HOLLY the human rubber band is stretching. ANGLE on view from Holly’s bathroom window: JUNO is stret on the porch, lithe and sinuous. But not a rubber band. H watching her. Holly’s face pops up in the mirror, smiling, with first o by her ear -
22) 0) text: JUNO is driving, with SARAH beside her and BETH in the ba It’s bumpy. SARAH is gazing out of the window, distant, h vision slightly blurred. A streak of yellow out of the corner of her eye - she tur head quickly but there’s nothing there.
23) 12) dialog: Let’s go off road!
24) 0) text: JUNO is pushing the vehicle hard as she races through the landscape. SARAH looks a little uneasy about JUNO’s drivi doesn’t say anything.
24) 2) dialog: Been here before Beth? The 4x4 charges round another bend, throwing up dirt in i wake.
27) 5) text: We see a rapid series of shots depicting the women gettin kit together, sorting their packs, picks and boots out. We see JUNO put her CAR KEYS behind the SUN VISOR, before pulling out her own pack and strapping it on. 50 22.
27) 6) dialog: Let’s get moving. We’re running late. She slams the door closed, and as they head off, we look and see a dog-eared PAPERBACK BOOK lying on the seat.
28) 0) text: Trekking upward through the forest, led by JUNO. BETH and bring up the rear.
28) 3) dialog: (terse) There’s a river about half a mile ahead. When we reach it, we follow it up to the mouth of the cave. SAM, near the back, turns to REBECCA.
29) 0) text: JUNO, up front, pushes through into a clearing. CROWS scatter and burst up into the air in a wild flurry. rotting corpse of a giant ELK lies washed up on the rocks huge bulk deflated and gaunt, its fur matted with blood a HOLLY takes pictures of the dead creature as the others g around, some looking on with interest, others with disgus
29) 7) dialog: What is this, Nature Detectives? It could have been Bigfoot for all you know.
30) 0) text: Continuing on their trek, they climb up the side of a wat to a rocky area above. Deviating from the course of the r JUNO takes them through a stand of trees.
31) 1) dialog: This is it! Fighting through the heavy foliage, JUNO emerges at the e a great SINKHOLE, a gaping black opening in the ground.
31) 3) dialog: ‘Fraid not.
33) 0) text: All six women are fully kitted out. Some are wearing warm figure hugging climbing tops and leggings. JUNO is wearin wet-suit top with the arms cut off. They have lamps on th helmets, extra torches in their packs, along with flares, food and water and their PICKS. JUNO is ready to go down and leans back over the brink.
33) 1) dialog: I’1l go first. I’1l see you down there. Turning on her HEADLAMP she drops away into the unknown.
34) 1) dialog: You’ve got to see this place It’s beautiful! Her voice echoes and resonates about the massive chamber. looks around, awestruck. Now she is truly in her element.
35) 0) text: Coming down the rope, SARAH looks around in amazement bef landing safely near JUNO. BETH is just behind her...
35) 1) dialog: You can open your eyes now, Beth.
36) 0) text: HOLLY comes down the rope at high speed, her CAM-CORDER a to her helmet, howling all the way! At the last moment sh herself and lands like a cat in front of JUNO and SARAH SARAH shakes her head in dismay as JUNO steps in
36) 1) dialog: (angry) Holly, this isn’t some MTV bungee jump bullshit. We do this safely. In order. Following my lead.
38) 0) text: REBECCA overtakes SAM and lands softly, unhooking herself the rope before SAM lands beside her. HOLLY is filming th with her CAMCORDER. JUNO stands beneath a steady drip of water, the light fro surface shining down on her upturned face, soaking her br
38) 1) dialog: Sarah? SARAH is looking at what appears to be recent scratch mar the side of the rock, as if some animal had fallen into t cavern and was making a desperate attempt to claw its way to the surface. Her attention is drawn to a dark crevice cave wall, from which a quiet chirping noise is coming. S moves closer to the hole, listening carefully.
38) 3) dialog: It’s Okay...they’re gone now.
38) 5) dialog: Take a look for yourself. SARAH looks upwards to see the BATS swirling around the f of the cave entrance in an elegant spiral. After the shoc an eerie yet beautiful sight.
38) 9) dialog: Only one way out of this chamber. Down the pipe.
42) 1) dialog: ....For THIS we need a little more light on the subject. JUNO takes out one of the many PHOSPHOROUS FLARES they ha lights it up. Now the chamber is filled with a hot white throwing hard shadows of countless stalactites across the The roof and floor of this new cavern are littered with g stalagmites and stalactites, pillars of rock formed over millions of years; sediment building upward and downward some of them bridge the entire cap. The colour of the new is yellow with sulphur and red with iron. The entire cham an amazing spectacle. The group spread out as they enter this grand subterranea cathedral, almost gothic in its design, each of them eage explore their own corner of the cave. From a HIGH LEDGE, we look down on the group, spread arou chamber: Six individual pools of light, moving here and t In the centre, the FLARE burns steadily. In the right foreground, we become aware that what we tho was a rock, is in fact something else, SOMETHING ALIVE, m slightly. Breathing. Watching.
42) 5) dialog: (to Sarah) ...You okay?
42) 7) dialog: (quietly) I know... I wanted to say - there’s nothing I can say. But I’m sorry I didn’t stay around longer. After the accident. She sighs, its the first time we’ve seen her anything oth in control. JUNO (cont'd) I’m bad with that stuff. And Paul...You know.
42) 9) dialog: We’re all here for you now.
42) 12) dialog: See if you can find the way through.
42) 15) dialog: She’s fine.
42) 17) dialog: Well, I guess she found one if she’s here.
43) 2) dialog: Caves change, tunnels collapse, some of this debris looks recent. 32.
43) 4) dialog: I’m telling you, it’s a tight squeeze for about a hundred feet and then...
43) 6) dialog: Then it opens out into a wider passage.
46) 1) dialog: Close enough? 75 76 77 78 34.
47) 0) text: We see each character’s progress through a difficult and constrictive space. JUNO is next through, then SAM, then REBECCA, then BETH and finally SARAH, bringing up the rea
49) 0) text: JUNO crawls out to join HOLLY, then helps SAM out.
51) 0) text: REBECCA is pulled out as JUNO begins to explore the caver are in.....
55) 0) text: JUNO knows exactly what’s happening as REBECCA grabs her pulls her away from the fissure.
55) 1) dialog: 
55) 4) dialog: 
55) 5) dialog: Sarah?!!! Beth?!!! A cloud of dust erupts from the entrance to the fissure, FADE TO BLACK.
57) 3) dialog: Is everybody okay? IS EVERYBODY OKAY?
57) 9) dialog: Everybody stay close until this dust settles.
57) 15) dialog: I didn’t bring it.
57) 17) dialog: No point.
57) 20) dialog: Oh come on Rebecca, this is what we’ve believed in for ten years! If there’s no risk, what’s the point? We may as well stay at home and watch fucking TV...
57) 27) dialog: You all wanted to go caving, well this is caving! Holly was right. Boreham Caverns is a tourist trap.
57) 36) dialog: (snaps) You know what Beth? We all lost something in that crash.
57) 38) dialog: Do I have to spell it out? BETH absorbs this. She looks at JUNO in disgust, torch right on her BETH (cont'd) Just get us out of here. keeping the 87 43. JUNO turns and walks back to the others in an effort to r control.
57) 39) dialog: We have to go on. Cave systems often break ground. It’s a small chance....If we stay here, we’1l die. Slowly, the women pick up their PACKS and other gear, pre to move off. SARAH stands apart from the others, staring the darkness, hoping for another glimpse to put her mind ease. The darkness is taking hold.
57) 41) dialog: Yes?
57) 43) dialog: tee I promise you, I’m going to get us out of here.
58) 0) text: JUNO leads the way down a steep slope of jagged rocks and boulders. Around them grows a low rumble, and the steady and splash of falling water. JUNO scans the area, checking on the others, while SAM, e press on, overtakes her and moves toward US.
58) 1) dialog: (Shouts) Stop! SAM stops dead, and everyone else does too.
58) 3) dialog: DON’T MOVE! Just stay there! JUNO, takes off her pack and removes a FLARE, quickly str it up.
58) 9) dialog: How does it look?
58) 11) dialog: There’s a crack, running right across the roof.
58) 19) dialog: What’s wrong?
62) 0) text: JUNO and SARAH remain on the far side. JUNO checks she’s on properly, and sends SARAH her across.
64) 0) text: JUNO hooks on and begins her traverse. Ahead of her the OLD PITON looks dangerously loose!
65) 0) text: SARAH stands behind BETH, looking into the cleft, before back in dreamlike SLO MO to look back at JUNO crossing.
66) 0) text: Without warning the TRAVERSE LINE, which REBECCA is gripp tightly for safety, comes loose from the rock. The full w of JUNO suddenly dropping pulls it through REBECCA’s palm burning through her glove and tearing open the palm of he
67) 0) text: SARAH, BETH and SAM pull JUNO up onto the ledge with them immediately goes over to attend to REBECCA’s injured hand places the OLD PITON and CARABINA in SARAH’s hand.
67) 2) dialog: It means we’re not the first. 97 98 49.
67) 4) dialog: This equipment’s got to be a hundred years old. No-one uses stuff like this any more. Besides, if people had been down here, they’d have given it a name.
68) 1) dialog: Holly? How does it look?
68) 3) dialog: Alright, keep going, we’ll be right behind you. They all squeeze through the narrow cleft and soon it ope into a strange sloping, angular cavern.
69) 4) dialog: What is this? History class?
69) 8) dialog: Why? What do you see? BETH (cont’d) (glaring at Juno) JUST LIGHT THE FUCKING FLARE. JUNO reluctantly strikes up a WHITE flare and holds it up illuminating the entire wall of the cavern.
70) 0) text: JUNO is holding the FLARE and leading the way, the others behind, getting faster and faster, as the tunnel winds th and that until they round a bend, and the tunnel opens ou splits into THREE! JUNO, stops dead, the momentum lost.
70) 1) dialog: Shit. SHIT! The others gather round. JUNO (cont'd) Who’s got a lighter? I need to check the breeze. HOLLY fumbles through her pocket... finds her lighter and it to JUNO, who takes each tunnel in turn, standing at it entrance holding the lighter and seeing if there is a bre sucking air through. The first does nothing. The second does nothing. But at t third the lighter flickers..
70) 3) dialog: Holly wait! .......... Damn it! 52. They set off after HOLLY, but she’s away and hurrying ahe them, faster and faster until something catches her eye. stops, turning off the light in her helmet and her torch. Up ahead, in the pitch darkness, she can just make out a blue glow. DAYLIGHT!
70) 5) dialog: Don’t move! ...then her fingers pull from JUNO’s grasp as HOLLY slide slowly, relentlessly down into the funnel. There are coun other scratch marks around her. She’s not the first to sl down here. She can only look back at JUNO, helpless, out reach, as gravity works against her, pulling her down int unknown darkness below. She can’t help but move! SARAH and the others reach the edge in time to look down terrified HOLLY slides over the brink and disappears into SINKHOLE. JUNO (cont'd)
70) 25) dialog: Sarah, don’t wander off. (SARAH takes no notice) ....Sarah..?
70) 35) dialog: Sarah! What are you doing?
70) 37) dialog: There’s nothing there. SARAH pointedly hands JUNO the helmet. She looks at it as heads back to join the others. JUNO watches her, concerne
70) 41) dialog: tee It’s just old mining gear, Sarah. They combed these mountains for gold over a century ago! Anyone trapped down here would be a skeleton by now.
70) 44) dialog: Sarah thinks she saw somebody back there.
70) 47) dialog: You heard something. You saw what you wanted to see. It’s the dark, it plays tricks. BETH is thinking along the same lines now, watching SARAH concerned eyes.
70) 53) dialog: Sarah there’s no-one down here. Forget it. We have to get Holly out. All the women in the group know she’s right, even BETH wh SARAH an encouraging little nod of the head.
70) 65) dialog: (a little panicked) I don’t know.
70) 69) dialog: The breeze is coming from all over the place. It could be any one of these tunnels. Take your pick.
70) 72) dialog: (contemptuous) Oh please...
70) 84) dialog: Fuck this. Let’s pick a tunnel and take our chances. BETH aids HOLLY as they head into the tunnel, but their p comes to a rapid halt as a terrible and unearthly sound f the tunnel ahead! It is a rasping, shrieking noise, and i coming their way...
70) 91) dialog: What?!
70) 112) dialog: I can’t save you... BETH pants, desperate, hearing the crawlers, her hand to neck, sticky with her own blood
71) 20) dialog: Sarah...... ? The CRAWLERS turn to the sound, and in one sudden movemen pack dart out of the LAIR on the hunt again! SARAH takes a deep breath of rancid air, almost gagging o foulness.
71) 23) dialog: REBECCA?! Can anybody hear me?!
71) 35) dialog: Rebecca..... Sarah?!!! 134 72. She’s forgetting herself, carried away by the possibility hope. But that hope is shattered by the sudden SHRIEK of CRAWLER in reply to her calls...
71) 51) dialog: bane She fell. I lost her... I don’t think she made it. The women are silent. No one can find anything to say as horror of the situation settles over them. Then SAM looks at the mutilated CRAWLER, the first one they have seen up JUNO (cont’d) What is it, Sam?
71) 54) dialog: Wait. Take a good look at it Sam. Tell us what we’re dealing with here. It might help us fight them.
71) 57) dialog: People lived in these caves, the ones who did the paintings.
71) 60) dialog: Whatever they are, they come and go to the surface to hunt, right? They bring their food down here to eat. If we can stay quiet enough, and evade these fuckers....I think I’ve found the way out.
71) 62) dialog: The climbing gear we found. Whoever brought that in here marked their route so they could find their way back out... I’ve found the markings.
71) 64) dialog: Sarah....We have to find Sarah.
71) 83) dialog: Let’s make ‘em proud. There is a hint of cruel mockery in JUNO’s eyes.
73) 12) dialog: Go on, follow the markings, hurry....! REBECCA and SAM hurry off, finding the ARROWS and followi backwards. JUNO waits behind, wanting to be certain that CRAWLERS are coming after them. She shines her torch alon tunnel into the darkness, moving slowly forward as the SH get louder, growing in numbers. JUNO (cont’d)
73) 18) dialog: 
73) 24) dialog: Shit! Come ON! They follow SAM, JUNO supporting the injured REBECCA.
73) 32) dialog: Sam! What are you doing?! You can’t do it! Come back! SAM?! SAM looks back at JUNO with a mix of steely resolve and t her eyes, the pain she is enduring is unbelievable but sh not give in. JUNO (cont'd) (calling back) Rebecca, hurry! A CRAWLER lets out a loud SHRIEK, and JUNO traces the sou It’s ahead of SAM. SAM looks up and sees it coming across roof, upside down, toward her REBECCA, crawls out of the tunnel and sees it too!
73) 34) dialog: Rebecca. We can’t stay here...
73) 36) dialog: No, Rebecca, we can still get out! We HAVE to!
73) 38) dialog: I am NOT going to die in this fucking hellhole!
73) 42) dialog: 
73) 45) dialog: But JUNO can barely hold on to the blood-soaked BANDAGE a REBECCA is yanked forcefully backward.
73) 46) dialog: Rebecca, hold on!! JUNO cries out in rage as REBECCA is yanked free and drag kicking and screaming into the tunnel, resisting every st the way, scraping her fingernails across the rocks, stari into JUNO’s eyes until she vanishes from sight.
73) 55) dialog: Sarah..... SARAH says nothing as she pulls JUNO up beside her. JUNO instinctively embraces her, but as she does she becomes a the matted blood in SARAH’s hair. She backs away, looking own hands, now covered in the same blood... JUNO (cont'd) Oh my God....what happened?
73) 57) dialog: -No. SARAH says nothing. She seems devoid of compassion. JUNO at this person before her, barely recognizable as the fri once knew.
73) 59) dialog: ..I’m so sorry Sarah...she didn’t make it...she fell.
73) 61) dialog: ..Yes. Sarah remains silent, half turning to leave.
73) 65) dialog: Ten flares. Shrieks fill the caverns. JUNO and SARAH move on, stealth big cats.
73) 71) dialog: Sarah...it was an accident. I swear it.
73) 74) dialog: 