1) 19) text: 10 14 12 BETH(cont 'd) She probably bribed someone to get Rebecca and Sam green cards just to make sure we stay on her turf.
3) 0) text: Rebecca Van Ney (tall, athletic, Scandinavian, mid 20s) h arm around SARAH.
3) 1) dialog: It’s so good to see you. So good. A smaller version of Rebecca runs into the room.
3) 12) dialog: This is Holly. Juno’s...protege.
5) 9) dialog: It’s a women-only outward-bound centre. We’re going to do trips all over the country - climbing, caving, skydiving, surfing... She stretches her impossibly long legs. REBECCA (cont'd) There’s a real market for women who don’t want the bullshit that comes with a mixed group.
5) 12) dialog: (of Holly) And the peak-baggers - they don’t care where they are; it’s just about whether they’ve got to the top of enough of them...
5) 15) dialog: (to Holly) See? You just don’t get that bullshit with women. They all laugh.
6) 0) text: REBECCA and JUNO are padding around preparing for the mor REBECCA has an impeccably tidy pile of gear at the foot o bed. JUNO a pile of clothes and a map.
10) 0) text: JUNO walks away looking pissed off, bumping into REBECCA clearly overheard as well.
16) 2) dialog: I feel like roadkill. ...Give me five minutes
17) 0) text: REBECCA wanders into the bathroom, turns on the shower fu blast and COLD, removes her gown and steps in. She scream
19) 6) dialog: Sam, are you up yet? And you ought to eat something. SAM puts the last pieces of equipment in her pack.
20) 1) text: REBECCA walks past sees SARAH knock back some pills and g as she swallows, dry.
23) 0) text: REBECCA is driving with SAM beside her and HOLLY filming journey on her CAM-CORDER.
23) 1) dialog: (to Sam) Here, you should drink some water. SAM Grabs the bottle, distracted by fiddling with her pla retro Spiderman watch.
23) 5) dialog: No - but they’re level 2, quite safe don’t worry. 41 42 43 20.
27) 2) dialog: Thanks.
28) 6) dialog: ...She came up here last week to check the route out. Rule number one; file a flight plan and stick to it.
28) 8) dialog: Don’t go wandering off. You think it’s dark when you turn out the lights? Down there it’s pitch black.
28) 11) dialog: You can get dehydration disorientation, claustrophobia, panic attacks, paranoia, hallucinations, visual and aural... Sam rolls her eyeballs.
29) 3) dialog: Don’t touch it!
35) 6) text: REBECCA looks down on US as we descend into the cave!
37) 0) text: Rebecca fusses over Sam’s harness. SAM drops down and REB follows her over the brink.
38) 0) text: REBECCA overtakes SAM and lands softly, unhooking herself the rope before SAM lands beside her. HOLLY is filming th with her CAMCORDER. JUNO stands beneath a steady drip of water, the light fro surface shining down on her upturned face, soaking her br
43) 1) dialog: I don’t understand - it’s not how imagined it from reading the book.
43) 3) dialog: Well then should we be going through?
43) 5) dialog: Then what?
43) 7) dialog: If you say so. It’s your party.
43) 9) dialog: It’s nothing. ...Where’s Sam?
43) 12) dialog: I made her drink loads of water this morning...
45) 2) dialog: How far?
46) 2) dialog: ....Close enough. JUNO heads into the fissure as REBECCA turns to the other REBECCA (cont’d) Alright. Sam you’re up next...
47) 0) text: We see each character’s progress through a difficult and constrictive space. JUNO is next through, then SAM, then REBECCA, then BETH and finally SARAH, bringing up the rea
50) 0) text: REBECCA squeezes through the tightest part, not noticing dust falling from the rock above. BETH is next through. It’s very tight, but she makes it. dust falls from the rocks above her head.
51) 0) text: REBECCA is pulled out as JUNO begins to explore the caver are in.....
55) 0) text: JUNO knows exactly what’s happening as REBECCA grabs her pulls her away from the fissure.
55) 3) dialog: 
57) 5) dialog: Samantha?!
57) 7) dialog: Beth, are you injured?
57) 14) dialog: Well...according to the guide book this cave system has three ways in and out. This is just one of them. Isn’t that right Juno? JUNO has turned away from the them.... REBECCA (cont’d) (pressing her for an answer) Juno, that’s right, isn’t it? Check the book! JUNO turns around, awkwardness and defiance etched on her
57) 16) dialog: What?
57) 19) dialog: For Chrissakes Juno. I knew it..I knew this wasn’t right!
57) 21) dialog: Don’t you try and justify this! I KNOW why you did this... 41. And she waves her torch irritably, catching HOLLY in its obliviously exploring their surroundings. Behind her the argument rages as SARAH sweeps her TORCH B across the cavern. She catches something bright in the be just for a fleeting moment, something HUMANOID, looking b her. By the time she registers this and sweeps the TORCH back to the spot, it’s gone. She looks around, to see if anyone else saw it, but they too self-absorbed.
57) 25) dialog: (glaring at Juno) That’s how it’s supposed to work except I put in a plan for Boreham Caverns, and this isn’t Boreham Caverns, is it Juno?
57) 28) dialog: This isn’t caving Juno. This is an ego trip.
57) 30) dialog: Juno?
58) 6) dialog: Underground river.... SAM picks up a rock and drops it over the edge; a long, l pause; then a distant clattering and a splash. REBECCA (cont'd) » now I know how far down it is.
58) 8) dialog: Well somebody has to cross first, and that’s my job. JUNO strikes up a FLARE and throws it across the chasm, w strikes the wall and lands on a ledge, highlighting anoth ledge and cleft in the rockface. A possible way through.. REBECCA stares at the ravine and the ceiling above them.
58) 10) dialog: What does it matter? There’s no alternative.
58) 12) dialog: I see it.
58) 14) dialog: I have to get all the way across so I can rig a line for you guys. So, I go hand over hand, put my hand in the crack, clench my fist and hang on.
58) 16) dialog: I saw a guy do it once. An instructor. On an artificial wall over a block of crash-mats. SAM is apprehensive on her sister’s behalf. The OTHERS lo REBECCA with a mixture of hope and admiration. All except who is already rigging a safety-rope for REBECCA. REBECCA attaches the rope to her harness and pulls on hea leather GLOVES - flexing her fists. At this end, the crack is low enough to reach. She tries Puts her fist in. Clenches. Swings her feet off the floor hangs by one arm. REBECCA begins her perilous free-style crossing of the ca roof, hand over hand, wedging her fist into the fissure a hanging by it. She’s hooked onto a safety line which she attaches to PITONS along the way. She is now hanging directly above the chasm! It is an inc feat of stamina, muscle power and raw physical grit. Swin from hand to hand, finding the best purchase, swapping he weight from one hand to the other, then doing it all agai foot at a time, at most. Every so often, stopping, taking PITON from her belt, placing it in the narrow crack, atta CARABINA and hooking on her safety line, all whilst hangi one hand! Slowly, terrifyingly edging her way toward the far side.
58) 20) dialog: Nothing! 88 46. Their voices echo around the cavern. REBECCA glances back JUNO and their eyes meet. It’s a knowing glance, but JUNO fully aware of what she’s supposed to know. REBECCA (cont’d) I’m alright! REBECCA turns back to the job at hand. In order to disgui PITON, rather than raise unnecessary questions or concern the minds of the rest of the team, she hooks a CARABINA t just as she’s done to the others she’s placed. Two more swings and she’s reached the far side. She drops onto the ledge above the one with the FLARE on it. Beyond ledge is a tall but narrow crack in the rock, just big en for them to squeeze through. REBECCA quickly hammers in a final PITON and secures a SA LINE, before hooking herself on. REBECCA (cont’d) Throw me the line! JUNO steps up to the edge of the drop and hurls a coiled across to REBECCA. Unfurling as it goes, REBECCA leans ou the bottomless drop to catch the flailing end of the rope hand! She succeeds, and very calmly ties it on to a secur PITON, pulling the rope taut across the canyon. REBECCA (cont’d) Alright, who’s first?! SAM steps forward
66) 0) text: Without warning the TRAVERSE LINE, which REBECCA is gripp tightly for safety, comes loose from the rock. The full w of JUNO suddenly dropping pulls it through REBECCA’s palm burning through her glove and tearing open the palm of he
67) 0) text: SARAH, BETH and SAM pull JUNO up onto the ledge with them immediately goes over to attend to REBECCA’s injured hand places the OLD PITON and CARABINA in SARAH’s hand.
69) 6) dialog: Beth? What is it?
69) 12) dialog: Beth you’re a fucking genius!
70) 51) dialog: Are you sure?
70) 64) dialog: Which way? JUNO is trying out the LIGHTER again, but the flame is flickering from all directions.
70) 71) dialog: Hello? Is there anybody there? 110 61.
70) 79) dialog: I don’t know, I could barely see, it moved so fast!
70) 86) dialog: ...There’s more of them. They quickly back off and choose another tunnel.
70) 93) dialog: 
70) 116) dialog: Stop....!
70) 118) dialog: I don’t know... We have to go back. A shriek pierces the darkness...
70) 120) dialog: They’re still following us..... come on. REBECCA pulls SAM after her, and we
71) 9) dialog: Up there! Hurry... They waste no time in crawling into the tight space, in t that the CRAWLERS may overtake them in the darkness. As t SAM drops the BLUE CHEMICAL SNAP LIGHTS she is holding an clatter to the floor of the tunnel. She tries to go back them, but REBECCA grabs her REBECCA (cont'd) Forget them...hurry! The two women crawl onto the high ledge, switch off their TORCHES and HELMET LAMPS and lie silently on the ledge, S behind, REBECCA in front, with only the BLUE glow of the LIGHTS to give them any sense of comfort.
71) 27) dialog: The noise she’s making she’1ll bring everyone of those things down on her head. 132 133 71.
71) 29) dialog: We can’t stay here forever. Together, they shuffle out of their hiding place...
71) 38) dialog: It’s clear.... They turn the corner, but as they do, the CRAWLER appears from below but from above! It is hanging upside down from roof and it lashes out at REBECCA, slashing her across th shoulder. She gets clear in time to swipe back at it with PICK, but misses! In the BLUE of her SNAP LIGHT, the CRAW opens its yellow eyes and SHRIEKS loudly at them. REBECCA (cont ‘d)
71) 41) dialog: Just do it! Now! In desperation REBECCA lunges at the CRAWLER, swiping wit pick with her LEFT hand. The CRAWLER backs off, and SAM r it! 135 136 137 138 73. Almost immediately SAM runs into something (OFF SCREEN) a comes to a startled halt! REBECCA swings the PICK at the CRAWLERS head but the CRAW grabs it and pushes her back against the WALL, holding he the throat and opening its WIDE JAWS ready to take a bite SUDDENLY another PICK comes whooshing out of the darkness spinning through the air and embedding itself in the CRAW back! The CRAWLER buckles backward, trying to pull the PICK out between its shoulders! REBECCA looks up just as JUNO (followed by SAM) appears f shadows beyond, then she drives her own PICK into the CRA chest, and all three women attack the beast with whatever to hand! The CRAWLER lets out a piercing shriek, like a c help, as it goes down beneath the blows.
71) 50) dialog: We heard you calling for Sarah. You seen Beth?
71) 53) dialog: Not anymore it doesn’t. Come on. We have to find the others.
71) 56) dialog: How did it get here?
71) 58) dialog: What? These things ATE the cavemen?
71) 61) dialog: You THINK?
73) 17) dialog: Juno, this way! Hurry!
73) 20) dialog: She’s DEAD, Juno! We can’t wait for her! JUNO stares hard at REBECCA, knowing she’s probably right REBECCA (cont ‘d) Come ON! SAM runs off ahead, while REBECCA waits to see if JUNO is following. REBECCA (cont’d) SAM?! Wait! Once she sees JUNO’s light coming, she takes off after SA
73) 29) dialog: You go first! Stop her! I’1l be right behind you! JUNO crawls in first and REBECCA follows.
73) 33) dialog: No ....SAM, GET OUT OF THERE! HURRY! SAM looks at the CRAWLER, looks at her own situation, and that she’s not going to make it back to the near side in Then she looks directly at REBECCA across the void. No wo needed. REBECCA looks back at her in floods of tears. SAM wedges in one more GRAPNEL, hooks her SAFETY line on and with her free hand, takes her CLASP KNIFE from its sh and puts it between her teeth, before moving hand over ha directly toward the CRAWLER! REBECCA (cont’d) What are you doing!? SAM, NO! But SAM has death in mind and she and the CRAWLER meet he SAM doesn’t stand a chance, hanging above the gorge with one free hand, but she does manage to take a few slashes CRAWLER until it suddenly lashes out at her and, with its rips open her throat! SAM hangs their momentarily in shock as blood gushes out, she looks up at the CRAWLER, hissing back at her, upside 84. She suddenly swings her legs up and wraps them around the CRAWLER’S back before letting go with her hand. Now she wraps her arms around its neck and, blinded by he blood, drives her KNIFE into the CRAWLER’S heart. REBECCA can only watch in horror and sorrow as her sister to the death. REBECCA (cont‘d) NNNNNOOOOOOOOOO! HH! HHH Eri itt The CRAWLER shrieks loudly and cannot hold on any longer. weight of SAM pulls it from the roof and together they dr the abyss. The safety rope reaches its limit and SAM’s body is whip- to a halt, while the CRAWLER keeps falling, shrieking as falls, until it hits the WATER below with a loud splash. SAM is left hanging at the end of the ROPE, swinging back forth like a pendulum. REBECCA is a quivering wreck as JUNO embraces her, forcin to look away, a tear in her own eye as she looks at SAM, from the end of the rope. REBECCA slumps against the wall as JUNO considers the mor pressing matter of their own survival. She stands on the looking down, thinking.
73) 35) dialog: Then go. I don’t care anymore.
73) 37) dialog: What does it matter? We’re fucked. We were fucked the moment we set foot in this place.
73) 39) dialog: Don’t you understand?! It’s the cave. IT WANTS US TO DIE! IT WON’T LET US
73) 41) text: REBECCA is suddenly yanked off her feet! She lands face d the wind knocked out of her
73) 43) dialog: The CRAWLERS are here! They are pulling REBECCA back into LOW TUNNEL. The shock brings REBECCA back to her senses, and she claw the rock and dirt! JUNO grabs hold of her BANDAGED HAND a REBECCA screams out in pain as she kicks at her attackers they grab her feet and pull her deeper into the tunnel!
73) 44) dialog: 