1) 12) text: BETH drives. Next to her SARAH, her hair cut shorter, sta blankly out at the passing road. BETH is fiddling with th from which some swampy, twangy music emanates
1) 15) dialog: Now that is frightening. A motorcycle zooms up out of nowhere, two shaven-headed l guys on it. As their headlights pick out the girls in the stationary car they scream and holler, the back passenger raising a clenched fist in salute. The noise and the bike swallowed up by the gathering darkness.
1) 17) dialog: You’re right. We don’t have to do this. But I’m not going to be the one to tell Juno... BETH smiles, relieved. She starts up the car and they con on their way.
1) 20) dialog: She came to England last year.
1) 22) dialog: Beth...it’s no-one’s fault
2) 0) text: The same car drives towards us and pulls over, its headli ECU. We pull back as they switch off and Sarah steps out passenger side. BETH gets out too, stretching. On the veranda in front of this log cabin JUNO waits for
2) 2) dialog: Juno. JUNO holds Sarah’s face in her hands. She’s warm, intense compelling...
3) 0) text: Rebecca Van Ney (tall, athletic, Scandinavian, mid 20s) h arm around SARAH.
3) 3) dialog: (quietly) Sam. Thank you for your letter, it meant a lot to me.
3) 16) dialog: I’ve heard all about you. You’re the crazy one who jumps off buildings.
3) 20) dialog: God. Check the hair!
5) 1) dialog: What happened to Josh, Sam, are you guys still together?
5) 3) dialog: What about you Holly?
5) 5) dialog: (calm) I had a child. She died. A year ago. Holly looks at her.
5) 13) dialog: (of Juno) And the guys who’ve got to be the leader; who’ve got to hold the map and want to turn the whole thing into the army. I’ve had them.
11) 0) text: BETH is asleep. SARAH is in her bed awake, staring, glass
13) 0) text: SARAH is still awake. She gets up and goes to look out of window, her eyes straining in the dark. Through the trees can see a flicker of light, a flash of yellow, and on the she hears the giggle of a child. SARAH presses her head a the window, the cold condensation easing the pounding in head and SMASH - A scaffolding pole comes straight through it impaling its her head and spurting blood everywhere!
14) 1) dialog: Jesus... 26 27 28 29 30 16. She falls back heavily on the pillow.
20) 1) text: REBECCA walks past sees SARAH knock back some pills and g as she swallows, dry.
22) 0) text: JUNO is driving, with SARAH beside her and BETH in the ba It’s bumpy. SARAH is gazing out of the window, distant, h vision slightly blurred. A streak of yellow out of the corner of her eye - she tur head quickly but there’s nothing there.
23) 10) dialog: 
24) 0) text: JUNO is pushing the vehicle hard as she races through the landscape. SARAH looks a little uneasy about JUNO’s drivi doesn’t say anything.
28) 1) dialog: Where’s your whistle? Beth smiles and pulls out an old whistle that is tucked i top, brandishing it with a flourish. She gives it a coupl loud toots and shouts out:
29) 5) dialog: What do you think did that Sam? A bear? 54 55 24. SAM examines it and we see that its eyes are yellow.
35) 0) text: Coming down the rope, SARAH looks around in amazement bef landing safely near JUNO. BETH is just behind her...
35) 3) dialog: It’s incredible. Incredible. JUNO smiles in quiet satisfaction as from high above come loud WHOOP! They look up as we
36) 0) text: HOLLY comes down the rope at high speed, her CAM-CORDER a to her helmet, howling all the way! At the last moment sh herself and lands like a cat in front of JUNO and SARAH SARAH shakes her head in dismay as JUNO steps in
36) 2) dialog: (to REBECCA) All clear!
38) 2) dialog: Guys, I think I’ve found a bird’s nest! The others turn to her as SARAH turns her attention back HOLE, aiming her TORCHBEAM into the shadows. Suddenly, th erupts with BATS! Hundreds of them, swarming out and arou very panicky SARAH. A hand grabs her and pulls her clear. Juno, nonplussed by the BATS.
38) 4) dialog: Are you sure?
41) 1) dialog: How are you feeling?
42) 6) dialog: Juno. I won’t break.
42) 8) dialog: And Jessie... SARAH and JUNO share a look...
42) 10) dialog: ...I’m sorry. I’m a bit out of it...It’s probably jet-lag or something. SARAH gets up.
42) 11) dialog: I’m going to have a look around.
42) 20) dialog: I think I’ve found the way.
43) 8) dialog: Something wrong?
43) 10) dialog: I don’t know, she was here a minute ago... SAM? And again, that giggle, high pitched, child like. She loo around but its clear the others haven’t heard. The others spread out and look for her, calling for Sam. echoes bounce back. After a tense moment, a voice comes f behind a rock.
43) 13) dialog: I’1l wait for her. HOLLY worms her way ahead in front of JUNO
47) 0) text: We see each character’s progress through a difficult and constrictive space. JUNO is next through, then SAM, then REBECCA, then BETH and finally SARAH, bringing up the rea
50) 2) dialog: (breathing hard) I think so... 79 80 35. SARAH seems to be having more difficulty than the others is the most uncomfortable in such a claustrophobic enviro Still, she shuffles along as best she can until she reach point at which, to get through, her head must twist to on and half submerge in a pool of muddy water. It is here th wedges herself stuck and can no longer move forward. The she fights, the more dust falls down from the roof inches her head, hitting her face. SARAH (cont’d) Shit. ....Shit! At first she’s just agitated and annoyed, but soon she be panic. She begins to breathe heavily and fast, the muddy getting in her mouth.
50) 4) dialog: (getting desperate) I can’t move!
52) 0) text: BETH stops, waiting for SARAH..
52) 2) dialog: There’s no ‘might be’ about it. ..Fuck! FUCK! FUCK!
52) 4) dialog: I can’t fucking relax! 81 82 36.
52) 6) dialog: (panicking, hyperventilating) I’ve got a million tons of rock above my head! How the fuck am I supposed to calm down?! I can’t fucking BREATHE! The more she struggles, the more dust rains down on her. in a wider part of the fissure, manages to turn herself a and crawls back toward SARAH.
54) 0) text: BETH, now face to face with SARAH, continues to try and c SARAH down as her panic attack grows more desperate. She splutters and gags with the mud in her mouth and writhes the rock, wedging herself even further. BETH can see the dust falling from the rock above and kno danger SARAH is in. She focuses completely on her, soothi magnetic:
54) 2) dialog: (agitated) I can’t move...
54) 4) dialog: I know, I know, but I can’t stop it.
54) 8) dialog: Yeah?
54) 10) dialog: I’m almost out... SARAH uses her feet against the wall to push herself the foot or so, but with one final push her boot kicks away s rock, and the ceiling of the cave suddenly drops about 2 toward both their heads...but stops! SARAH and BETH freeze in horror. There is a moment’s hesi then BETH acts.
57) 2) dialog: (a little shocked) I’m alright. Torch beams flash this way and that. Everyone is choking, disoriented, shocked and frightened.
57) 40) dialog: Juno...
57) 42) dialog: Never mind...it’s nothing....
62) 0) text: JUNO and SARAH remain on the far side. JUNO checks she’s on properly, and sends SARAH her across.
63) 0) text: As she reaches the middle, the OLD PITON begins to move a With each tug it works its way loose. SARAH manages to successfully pass it without dislodging It’s not long before she’s reached the other side and REB pulls her up beside her, where BETH is waiting.
65) 0) text: SARAH stands behind BETH, looking into the cleft, before back in dreamlike SLO MO to look back at JUNO crossing.
66) 1) dialog: Juno!!! REBECCA cries out in agony and BETH grabs hold of the rop JUNO’s harness now pulls taut, suspended from the SAFETY REBECCA wails in agony as JUNO hangs there momentarily, l up at the SAFETY LINE. Now the OLD PITON gives way, pulling free from the rock a dropping JUNO another ten feet toward her doom. But now t and pitons hold fast. SAM and BETH are holding the line.
67) 0) text: SARAH, BETH and SAM pull JUNO up onto the ledge with them immediately goes over to attend to REBECCA’s injured hand places the OLD PITON and CARABINA in SARAH’s hand.
67) 1) dialog: What does it mean?
67) 5) dialog: Maybe they never made it out... SAM has bandaged REBECCA’s hand. This has stopped the ble but it is difficult to use now.
70) 18) dialog: How is she?
70) 36) dialog: (anxious whisper) There’s something.. I saw a man....up ahead in the tunnel! She turns back and aims the torch along the tunnel, but i now empty.
70) 42) dialog: ..that’s just what it looked like.
70) 46) dialog: I don’t THINK I saw someone, I saw someone.
70) 48) dialog: There are things I want to see. That wasn’t one of them.
70) 50) dialog: A man. I saw a man.
70) 52) dialog: Yes, and it’s not the first time. I thought I saw someone before. But now I’m sure. She looks around at five doubting faces SARAH (cont’d) ...really, I’m sure. 107 108 59. JUNO catches BETH’S eye.
70) 61) dialog: Holly, let me use your cam-corder, I want to see what I can see on infra- red. HOLLY hands it over, and SARAH scans the entire area with SARAH (cont’d) Dead animals. Hundreds of them. JUNO turns her torch to the rest of the cavern. It appear the centre of a honeycomb of tunnels leading off in every direction. Some carrying water to feed the stream, others
70) 80) dialog: I told you we weren’t alone.
70) 90) dialog: Juno?!
70) 92) dialog: The flare! They can hear us! JUNO clocks the loud hissing of the FLARE, and thinks she have a point. The group pause as JUNO hurls the FLARE bac the tunnel toward the BONE DAM. BETH and HOLLY turn to face front once more only to run s into one of the CRAWLERS, its eyes wide, its jaw stretche open revealing it’s lethal fangs! It is humanoid, but far from human, and it shrieks wildly launches itself at HOLLY, the weakest of the team!
71) 0) text: We see the same image again, five candles. JESSICA. Darkn the background, indistinctly, we see PAUL and SARAH smili JESSICA’s shoulder. Nightmarishly, discordantly we hear t strains of ‘HAPPY BIRTHDAY’.
71) 12) dialog: SARAH, sensing something close, opens her eyes to see (th the CAM-CORDER) the CRAWLERS face, inches from her own, i closed, sniffing the air. SARAH holds her breath. The CRA opens its eyes wide to reveal two yellow eyeballs. Following its nose, the CRAWLER rises upwards, to the roc then turns its attention back to the main course, but SAR trapped....
71) 32) dialog: I’m sorry.... Carefully she pulls the PICK HANDLE (used as a makeshift on Holly’s leg) free from the blood and gore, steaming in cold darkness. It’s a grisly job. Once that’s free, SARAH lifts HOLLY’s upper body so she can remove her outer laye clothing. It’s tricky, icky, awkward work, but SARAH finally manage and allows HOLLY’s body to slump back to the ground. Now wraps the clothing around the end of the PICK handle, the the MINERS LAMP, unscrews the cap and douses her makeshif in oil. Finally she takes out a lighter and strikes it up, lighti TORCH and filling this killing house with a hot flickerin orange glow. Unable to climb out the way she fell in, she moves deeper the LAIR, carefully treading between the detritus of deat
71) 67) dialog: (whimpering) Oh god oh god... 76. Sarah already knows who it is, but she reaches out anyway turn BETH’s body over, revealing the gaping neck wound in by JUNO.
71) 68) dialog: Beth... SARAH raises BETH’s upper body from the ground and cradle in her arms. As she lowers BETH’s body back to the ground Beth’s eyes OPEN. She’s not dead yet. Not quite. Sarah jolts in shock. BETH’s words are hissed out in a hi laboured rasp.
71) 70) dialog: I’m going to get you out of here.
71) 72) dialog: I heard Juno calling me. She’s alive. I’m going to find her and we are going to get you out of here.
71) 74) dialog: No Beth. No she didn’t...
71) 76) dialog: She’s our friend. Juno’s our friend. 140 141 142 143 77.
71) 79) dialog: What?
72) 0) text: Sarah is almost trance like.
72) 1) dialog: No...
73) 0) text: BETH coughs up blood. SARAH snaps out of her trance, look blank, empty.
73) 2) dialog: Yes?
73) 5) dialog: What? BETH looks at her intently.
73) 7) dialog: Close your eyes. SARAH reaches down and finds a JAGGED ROCK. As she raises
73) 13) dialog: Then she sees them, all of them, CRAWLING out of the dark toward her en masse. Moving fast, on all fours, along the ground, the walls and the roof of the tunnel, twenty or m them, heading this way! At the front of the pack is SCAR! JUNO turns - 81. JUNO (cont’d)
73) 19) dialog: 
73) 54) dialog: Juno! Grab my hand! JUNO weakly reaches up and grabs her hand. SARAH hauls he and out of the water, onto the rocks. JUNO looks up at her saviour. SARAH’s hair is hanging down across her face, matted and dishevelled. Her clothes, what remains of them, are tatte torn, her bare arms and legs stained with blood and laced cuts and bruises. She looks every inch the primal savage.
73) 56) dialog: I killed some of them...Rebecca? Sam? 87.
73) 58) dialog: What about Beth?
73) 60) dialog: You saw her die?
73) 62) dialog: Well, are you coming or not? There is an air of tension between them now. Juno follows as SARAH leads the way up past the WATERFALL and into the FISSURE as we
73) 69) dialog: It’s clear. JUNO doesn’t say a word as she looks back at SARAH and fo her lead.
73) 72) dialog: Cross your heart and hope to die? Then a loud shrieking from close by. JUNO turns to look. PASSAGE is filled with CRAWLERS! Waiting to strike, hungr the kill! SARAH and JUNO are beyond exhaustion and cannot to outrun them, or fight again. They are doomed. JUNO looks back at Sarah just as in SLO-MO we see A PICK swings downward in a sweeping arc, impacting with and bone. The two women stand face to face. JUNO convulse shock, eyes wide. SARAH’s face betrays no emotion. This i cold, calculated, deliberate killing. Without a word, SARAH breaks off and runs for it. JUNO co in agony, the PICK protruding sideways from her KNEE! She going anywhere, and the CRAWLERS are closing in! She is e meat.