1) 2) dialog: Code three, Bleichert! Bucky runs into the courtyard and immediately wades in, fending off the marines' blows to jab at them with his st
1) 5) text: I'd heard almost all of 'em: Blanchard by early KO; Bleichert by decision; Blanchard stopped on cuts--everything but Bleichert by knockout. The marines reduced to rubble, Lee Blanchard turns his attention to the Zooter: he slaps handcuffs on him and le him away. He motions for Bucky to follow. Lee turns back to the marines: LEE
5) 5) text: You know Lee Blanchard over at Central Warrants? Bucky nods. TOM
9) 0) text: A secretary leads Bucky into an office with CHIEF OF DETECTIVES THAD GREEN etched on the pebble glass door. Inside the office: Lee Blanchard, ASST. D.A. ELLIS LOEW, CHIEF THAD GREEN. They all sit in matched leather chairs. SECRETARY
9) 4) text: "Before the war, the City of the Angels was graced with two local fighters, born and raised a scant five miles apart, pugilists with styles as different as fire and ice. Lee Blanchard was a bowlegged windmill of a leather slinger-- CHIEF GREEN
26) 0) text: Lee Blanchard, his own bruises fading, stands in the yard LEE
115) 6) text: Lee Blanchard's here in TJ, and you came here flush out of Big Q. That's a goddamned strange coincidence and I don't like it. I don't like you and I don't like being down in this rat-infested country when I could be home with my family. DeWitt pisses his pants. VOGEL (cont'd)
169) 4) text: Sailor's uniform. It's a sailor... Bucky breathes out hard. Unbearable. Dolphine digs on, pushing the corpse out of the way and digging further int sand. Bucky can't stand the suspense. He tucks his gun into his waistband and grabs the shovel. After a few more strokes thump of something solid. And suddenly it's there--sunburned pink skin, blond hair stitch scars on the eyebrows. Lee Blanchard. Lee Blanchard. Lee Blanchard. And Bucky's in Dolphine's truck while Dolphine's screamin for him to wait and Bucky slams the truck in reverse, knocking the burning cross to the ground and grinding out of the sand onto the road, heading north and leaving Dolp and Lee alone at the grave...Heading north like a refugee
254) 0) text: Lee Blanchard beats the hell out of Emmett Sprague while Madeleine's looks on. BUCKY (VO)