3) 0) text: The white woman and the black woman FLY into the center o the living room, CRASHING onto her coffe table in front o the sofa. These two wildcats go at each other savagely, TUMBLING OV the couch, clawing and scratching all the way, landing together on the plush carpet. The HOUSEWIFE KICKS The Bride, sending her CRASHING backwards into the small table where the phone, a note pad (for messages), a the mail is kept. The Housewife scrambles up on her feet, but is caught by FLYING TACKLE from behind by The Bride that sends them bo into.....eee An ornamental iron and tempered-glass bookcase that has framed family photos, display toys, some African art, and collection of painted commemorative plates depicting the negro experience in the American military. Starting with plate featuring Cripis Atkins in the revolutionary war, n troops in union blue during the civil war, Buffalo soldie fighting Indians, the Jim Crow troops of the first world the colored troops of world war two, Korea, Vietnam, and finally Colin Powell....The Bride and The Housewife CRASH THROUGH all this reducing everything to rubble. They land hard on the floor covered in broken glass, lock in grapple, each trying to get the best of the other one, When The Housewife HEADBUTTS The Bride in the nose. The HOUSEWIFE hops off The Bride, runs into the kitchen, opens a drawer comes out with a HUGE MOTHERFUCKIN BUTCHER KNIFE. The BRIDE rises from the floor, and WHIPS OUT a KNIFE in a sheath http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 6 of 1 Kill Bill hanging from her belt known as a SOG. (A SOG is a long, double-edged knife that's as sharp as a razor, and is wha Navy Seals use to kill humans with.) The Bride backs up into the mess of the now totally demolished living room. The two woman stalk each other, each holding her blade, e looking like they know how to use it, each waiting for th other to make a mistake so they can plunge their blade de into the other one. Blood and sweat dript off of the faces of the two women locked in life and death combat...... ....When The back kitchen door opens, and a FOUR-YEAR-OLD LITTLE GIRL, carrying a lunch box steps inside.
12) 0) text: Gerald pushes open the door to see one hellva sight. His buddy, bloody and lying motionless on the floor, and The Bride lying haphazardly on the bed, in her coma. He moves to his buddy, who's dead. Then moves to The coma Bride... Who SUDDENLY SPRINGS TO LIFE, GRABBING him by th front of his shirt, YANKING HIM DOWN TO HER, and PLUNGING I.V. NEEDLE in her arm DEEP INTO HIS TEMPLE, THEN TWISTIN AROUND and AROUND, turning the right side of his brain in scrambled eggs a la The BRIDE. She tosses the now brain-dead Gerald to the floor. The BRIDE upon waking, without leaving the bed where she lay the la five years, has just killed two men. She throws off the bloody blankets, whips her legs off the side of the bed, tries to stand - THEN QUICKLY FALLS OUT OF FRAME. WE HEAR CRASH BELOW FRAME. The Bride is flat on the floor. Her legs and feet don't w Which means she's stuck on the floor with only a function top half, and a completely useless bottom half. What's a to do?
18) 0) text: The Bride drives Buck's big, yellow pussy wagon all over Paso buying supplies. WE FOLLOW Her bare feet into a clothing store. Her feet, legs, and ass slip into a new pair of LEVI'S. Her hands grab a pair of CHERRY BROWN COWBOY BOOTS. Then slips on the cowboy boots. Chooses another TOP. And finds a warm JACKET. She opens Buck's "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet, and pays fo the items. She emerges from the store wearing her new outfit, and cl back in the truck. She drives, stopping at a DEPARTMENT STORE, and walking inside. She picks up a SHOVEL, a HAND PICKAXE, a big CAMPING FLASHLIGHT, a MAP OF TEXAS, a writing NOTEBOOK, and a bun of RED and BLACK FELT PENS. While the Bride is buying items in the department store w CROSSCUT.... ..with her driving the pussy wagon up to a low-rent motel called, "The Texican".... ...Her Registering with the OLD BASTARD of a desk clerk, getting the key, and paying him out of the "BIG EL PASO PIMPIN" wallet.... ...her drawing a bath in the bathroom of the motel room.. Shampoo is taken off the shelf of the department store... http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 33 of Kill Bill ...conditioner... .a bar of soap... «hot water runs out of the bathtub faucet... ...steam rises off the hot bathwater... ...she pulls down a bunch of bath products, like bubble b salts, apricot this - kiwi that, we see her pour all the items in the bathwater... ...then we see her bare foot enter the bathwater... ...then Lower her whole body into the bathwater... ...now submerged in the warm bathwater, by herself, perfe MUSIC CUE ON SOUNDTRACK, she begins to cry...her poor hea has been shattered and five years of tears come flooding of her. She cries for her baby... She cries for the motherhood robbed from her... She cries for all the innocent people at the wedding chap who died simply because they were unlucky enough to cross path... She cries for the betrayal at the hands of her lover... She cries for the treachery at the hands of her comrades. She cries for the five years of life snatched from her... She cries for the countless violations she endured while incapacitated... And finally, she cries for all the misery she will cause undeserving...... enroute to Bill's retribution. Retribut that begins the minute she steps out of this bathtub. She curls up into a fetal position inside the tub of warm water...weeping. We DOLLY back...to give our heroine some privacy...WE DISSOLVE through the bathroom door...Till we're on the ot side, filming a closed door with crying on the other side When she's finished shedding tears, is when she'll begin shedding blood. When the bathroom door opens, the woman that emerges, has closed out all of her emotions...save from one...revenge. It's that woman, in her new outfit, that climbs into the yellow pussy wagon, puts the T.C.B. Sunglasses over her e and starts the engine that sets into motion the gory stor follow.
46) 0) text: A brand new, enormous red pickup truck pulls into the par lot and stops. The BRIDE sits behind the wheel, looking at the bar and the bar's f door. Using the rearview as a mirror, she grabs her long blonde hair and pulls it back to a ponytail with a rubberband. Then places a baseball cap on the top of her noggin that reads, "STUBB'S BAR B-Q." She steps out of th truck's cab. She's dressed like a little Texas two-steppe Levi's, cowboy boots, and a "HARLEY DAVIDSON: LOUD AND PR tee-shirt.
60) 0) text: PAI MEI'S POV: We see through Pei Mei's pupils, through a sheer scarlet scrim that hangs down in front of his sitti area. The Bride enters the room. She approaches the old man, reaches the edge of his sitti area in front of the scrim, lowers to one knee and bows h head. * From here on end, whenever ENGLISH is spoken by The Bri or every once in awhile by Pai Mei, it will be spoken in ENGLISH IN LIVE SYNCH SOUND. However, whenever MANDARIN i supposedly spoken, it comes out of their mouths as DUBBED ENGLISH like in a 70's Shaw Brothers Chop Socky Flick.
72) 0) text: Bill on the patio of his beautiful hacienda home (named V Quatro) located on the beach in Mexico. At the moment Bil partaking of his current hobby...... Flower Arranging. With his hands among various flowers of BRIGHT COLORS, he sorts and prunes a very pretty arrangement. EX CU the BRIDE'S EYE ...-watching.... Bill's Mexican housekeeper, JOSEPHINA, appears on the pat
73) 0) text: The institution is not Spanish in style, but on the contr it's a clinical new-age box-like structure made up of cle glass doors and walls and the color beige. Bill walks through the glass doors, to a lone Asian FEMAL RECEPTIONIST, her desk is the only furniture in the lobby JAPANESE he explains to her his reason for being there. EX CU The BRIDE'S EYE ..watching...we now leave any shot of Bill not from the Bride's perspective. The SUSPENSE THEME is STRETCHED TIGH and TIGHTER as we look through the Bride's POV and listen her VO;
73) 2) text: looking through the Institution's glass wall. The elevato the lobby opens...and A LITTLE GIRL steps out, and runs i Bill's arms. A LITTLE GIRL about five years old. A FIVE-Y OLD LITTLE GIRL with blonde hair. Bill picks up the Littl Girl and lifts her HEAD into the CROSSHAIRS of the SCOPE SIGHT. SUSPENSE THEME SNAPS into an OPERATIC WAIL... EX CU: The Bride's finger, pops off the trigger EX CU: The Bride's eye, A HUGE TEAR FALLS OUT...We move o of the eyeball, into a MEDIUM CU of The Bride, tears fall down her face...She can't believe what she's looking at...that's her daughter...She's alive... Her REMEMBERING THEME PLAYS...
80) 26) dialog: Blood?
84) 0) text: The Bride is on the floor of the motel room bathroom, cry her eyes out. She shoves a towel in her mouth so B.B. won't hear her. We wonder for a moment what's wrong... Till we see her face in CU... Her tears are tears of joy. She can't believe this is even happening. Her daughter is alive. They're together. They get to begi again. She covers her mouth so B.B. won't hear her crying and ge worried or confused. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 184 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am But as the deadliest woman on the planet, lies on the mot room bathroom floor, smile on her face, twinkle in her ey happier than she's ever been, she thinks one thought. Ove and over again.... Thank you god...thank you god...thank you god...thank you god. She washes her face in the sink, when she's presentable, walks out of the bathroom, jumps on the bed with her baby hugs her from behind as the two watch Saturday morning cartoons.