12) 0) text: Gerald pushes open the door to see one hellva sight. His buddy, bloody and lying motionless on the floor, and The Bride lying haphazardly on the bed, in her coma. He moves to his buddy, who's dead. Then moves to The coma Bride... Who SUDDENLY SPRINGS TO LIFE, GRABBING him by th front of his shirt, YANKING HIM DOWN TO HER, and PLUNGING I.V. NEEDLE in her arm DEEP INTO HIS TEMPLE, THEN TWISTIN AROUND and AROUND, turning the right side of his brain in scrambled eggs a la The BRIDE. She tosses the now brain-dead Gerald to the floor. The BRIDE upon waking, without leaving the bed where she lay the la five years, has just killed two men. She throws off the bloody blankets, whips her legs off the side of the bed, tries to stand - THEN QUICKLY FALLS OUT OF FRAME. WE HEAR CRASH BELOW FRAME. The Bride is flat on the floor. Her legs and feet don't w Which means she's stuck on the floor with only a function top half, and a completely useless bottom half. What's a to do?
15) 17) dialog: as
42) 0) text: A small camper trailer sits all by its lonesome in the mi of a barren Texas wasteland. A SUBTITLE APPEARS under this image; "The city of Austin Texas." A fist knocks on the trailer door. It opens, revealing Bill's brother, BUDD. Not the Slick Willie Budd with the black suit and the silver-tipped bla cowboy boots we saw earlier at the wedding chapel massacr No, the Budd we see now is the Budd who climbed into a bo five years ago, got himself comfortable, and decided to l there. Bill, looking like a cool million, stands out in the dirt dust of Budd's lot of land, looking up at his brother in natural habitat. In the B.G. we can see Elle Driver loung in the passenger's seat. Budd, surprised by the visitor, says;
42) 1) dialog: Great day in the morning. Brother Bill livin up to his familia obligation.
42) 3) dialog: Oh, you know my life, Bill, just a mad rush of wild parties and wealthy women. Budd squints into the sun at the woman in Bill's ear.
42) 4) dialog: Is that that tall blonde one-eyed Viking bitch in the passenger seat?
42) 6) dialog: Never said "bye, think of a reason to say, "hi." " can't seem to
43) 0) text: Elle inside, blasting both the stereo and the air conditioner. She watches the brotherly scene play out thr the car windshield. Obviously there's no love lost betwee Elle and Budd.
43) 1) dialog: What'd ya wanna talk about?
43) 3) dialog: 
43) 5) dialog: It stinks in there, that's why. Now what's so important it requires a reunion?
43) 7) dialog: You tryin to tell me she cut her way through eighty-eight bodyguards "fore she got to O-Ren?
43) 9) dialog: why
43) 11) dialog: She got 'er a Hattori Hanzo sword
43) 14) dialog: He made her one? Didn't he swear blood oath never to make another sword?
43) 16) dialog: Them Japs know how to carry a grudge don't they? Or is it just you tend to bring that out in people?
43) 18) dialog: Hell, I pawned that years ago.
43) 20) dialog: Yep. The disrespect is pain. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am udd's attention. 2 a Page 104 of 185 Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am
43) 22) dialog: Not in El Paso it ain't. In El Pso I got me 250 Dollars for it.
43) 24) dialog: Because that would've required me to acknowledge your existence. Drunken bum though I may be, I don't need booze that bad. But who the hell gives a crap anyway. That bitch ain't gittin no Bushido points for killin a white trash piece of shit like me with a samurai sword. I'm a bouncer in a titty bar, Bill. If she wants to fight me, all she gotta do is come down to the Club, start some shit, and we'll be in a a fight.
43) 26) text: Budd sees Bill's true concern for his welfare. Bill tries to charm his brother.
43) 28) dialog: And what would that happy side be?
43) 30) dialog: I appreciate the concern on your face, but there's a difference "tween "the boys", time can't erase. I don't dodge guilt. And I don't Jew outta payin my comeuppance. That woman deserves her revenge. And we deserve to die. But then again, so does she. So I guess we'll just see now, won't we.
44) 0) text: The My-oh-my Club, is the sleazy titty bar that Budd work at. His job is tossin out the riff-raff that's worse than him, out on their ear - minus a few of the teeth they had when they came in. His beat-to-shit pickup truck pulls up the front, and he climbs out of the automobile.
45) 0) text: Budd walks into the wood-paneled titty bar. No strippin g on yet, just a few BARFLIES drinkin. The owner, TED, yell him as he walks by.
45) 3) dialog: Hey, Lucky. ANOTHER STRIPPER walks out of the ladies' room and says t him;
45) 5) dialog: I'll take care of it, Suzie Pie.
48) 0) text: As the music from above continues, we see Budd driving hi pickup on an empty highway home from work. He passes by The Bride's new red pussy wagon parked on th side of the road. After he whizzes by, she starts up the motor, but doesn't turn the lights on. She follows him, hanging way back in the dark. Budd driving, not seeing the automobile cloaked in darkne trailing him.
49) 0) text: Budd pulls his pickup truck in front of his small camper home. He walks inside, shutting the door behind him. The Bride rolls to a stop...O0bserving the lonely trailer of her windshield... Texas tear-ass music begins coming out of the camper....W see his figure pass the camper window, once or twice. The Bride chooses her weapon -- Hattori Hanzo's samurai sword. She doesn't say anything, nor will an actress of Uma Thurman's caliber indicate her feelings, but the astute member of the audience will read the significance of her choice. His current status be damned, the Budd who owes T Bride satisfaction was a warrior. And it's that Budd she intends to send to his maker. She takes a black stocking cap, and slips it on top of he skull, tucking her blonde hair underneath... THEN... ...Rubs black make-up under both eyes, on top of both eyelids, and down the bridge of her nose... THEN... Disconnects the cab lights above her, opens the truck doo and slips out unseen into the Austin Texas night air. THEN... On her belly, Hattori Hanzo sword in sheath in hand, she crawls across the desert floor towards Budd's trailer. THEN... Somewhere in the vast outdoors a cat jumps on a rat. Thei fight makes a LOUD racket. The Bride stops and buries her face in the dirt. From inside the trailer, we hear the needle being lifted the phonograph. From a distance we see: The shadowy figure of Budd lookin out the window of the camper. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 108 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride keeps her face in the dirt. The figure of Budd at the window, seems to dismiss the so he heard for what it was -- a rat meeting its end at the claws of a cat. The curtain closes again. The needle is placed back on the phonograph. CU The BRIDE face in the dirt...One Mississippi...Two Mississippi...he eyes look up towards the trailer...All's clear...She begi crawling towards the trailer again. ...She's now right outside the trailer home...We can hear sound of Budd sitting in a chair rocking back and forth. She hears the sound of a screw top unscrewed...The sound pouring in a glass...The sound of a glass being laid heav a table. Crouched low on the balls of her feet, she, with great ca slowly and silently unsheathes her Hanzo sword. Through the bottom slit in the door, she sees the distort image of Budd's feet on the floor. She slowly rises...removes her black stocking cap...blond hair falls around her shoulders...sword in right hand...l hand grabs the front doorknob... QUICK as a Texas lizard on glass -- She brings the sword' handle down hard on the door lock -- EX CU Cheap Lock Busting. She flings the front door open... The BRIDE'S POV: Brother Budd sitting calmly in a rocking chair, moving ba and forth to the Texas twang on his turntable, cradling a DOUBLE-BARREL SHOTGUN aimed right at The Bride.
49) 2) text: The Bride laid out in the dirt below him -- Sword separat from her grasp -- Bloody mess down her front -- Groan fro her throat. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 109 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am Budd steps down from the trailer onto the dirt, standing The Bride.
49) 3) dialog: Bet your sweet ass that don't sting like a bitch. More groans coming out of The blood splattered Bride.
49) 4) dialog: You done got a double dose of rock salt, right in the ole tit. Now not havin tits as fine or as big as yours, I can't even imagine how bad that shit stings... He lowers down on his haunchers, over her.
49) 5) dialog: .».-But I don't wont to neather. The Bride, hurting and incapacitated from the shotgun bla still nevertheless defiant, SPITS a gob of bloody saliva, right in ole Budd's face. Budd, gob of spit running down on his cheek and nose. The cowboy removes a red bandana from his back pocket, and wi away the goo. Then his eyeballs go down to the spitter
49) 6) dialog: Now I know when it comes to a rock salt burn, you're feelin pretty much like a expert bout now. But truth be told, you ain't felt all rock salt's got to offer till you took a double dose in your backside. With the help of his cowboy boot he rolls The Bride over her stomach, exposing her butt. SNAPPING the barrel closed, he takes aim and FIRES both barrels -- EXECUTION STYLE -- right into her keister. The Bride does the one thing she has yet to do with any opponent during the movie up till now. Her head rears bac and she lets out a SCREAM!
49) 7) dialog: That gentled ya down, didn't it? Yep...ain't nobody a badass with two barrels of rock salt dug deep in their backyard. THEN... Almost mercifully, the man once known as "Sidewinder," st http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 110 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am a syringe in her arm, dropping her unconscious THEN... Knocking down a swig of Jack Daniels, he removes a small silver cell phone from his pants pocket, raises the anten and presses one button on the panel
50) 2) dialog: Wrong brother, you hateful bitch.
50) 4) dialog: Bingo.
50) 6) dialog: I just caught me the cowgirl, ain't never been caught. This gets Elle's attention.
50) 8) dialog: If you think I mean I got ‘er, you thought right. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 111 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
50) 10) dialog: Not yet I ain't. But I can sure do it easy enough. She's so gentle right now, I could preform her coup de grace with a rock.
50) 12) dialog: No. It's just...I ain't killed nobody in a long Goddamn time. And just 'tween you, me, and Jesus Christ, kinda made me a promise I wasn't gonna. Be that however it is. Back when I did kill people...I got paid for it. Just don't seem right...turn amateur this time of life. We stay on Elle's side for the following exchange.
50) 13) dialog: Anywho, guess what I'm holdin in my hand right now. We cut back to Budd's side. And what he's holding is The Bride's Hattori Hanzo sword. http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
50) 14) dialog: A brand spankin new Hattori Hanzo sword. And I'm here to tell ya Elle, that's what I call sharp.
50) 16) dialog: Oh, that's hard to say. Seein it's priceless and all.
50) 18) dialog: I'm sure you would. But I'll take, one million.
50) 20) dialog: Well Elle, a million dollars buys a whole lotta Jack.
50) 22) dialog: If I'm gonna drink myself to death, ...it won't be on Bill's dollar. It's gonna be on yours.
50) 25) dialog: You buy a ticket to Texas, and I'll see you here tomorrow mornin. You give me a million in foldin cash, I'll give you the greatest sword ever made by a man. How's that sound?
50) 27) dialog: What?
50) 29) dialog: Page 113 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am You said one condition.
50) 31) dialog: What?
50) 33) dialog: That Elle darlin, I can pretty damwell guarantee.
50) 37) dialog: Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey. The grabs her by her collar, and yanks her out of the tru She FALLS to the dirt HARD. Once in the dirt, The Bride sees an Old Coffin that's bee dup up. Next to it is a brand new pine box coffin, straight out o “Fistful of Dollars." And a freshly dug grave, with a pil dirt next to it, in front of an old tombstone that reads;
50) 39) dialog: Look at those eyes. This bitch is furious. You grab her feet, I'll get her head. (ENGLISH)
50) 41) dialog: In America white women call this the silent treatment. (laughing) And we let 'em think, we don't like http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 115 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am it. The two fiends laugh, then bend down to lift The Bride an carry her over to the pine box. She struggles with her bo legs and arms...Both men DROP her to the ground. Budd whi out a can of mace from his pocket.
50) 42) dialog: Hey hey hey, wiggle worm, look at this. He holds the can of mace spray by her eyes. She stops. He eyes go to the nozzle of the spray can, then to Budd.
50) 43) dialog: Looky here bitch, this is a can of mace. Now you're goin underground tonight, and that's all there is to it. But, when I bury ya, I was gonna bury you with this. He removes a flashlight from behind his back and turns on beam.
50) 44) dialog: But if you're gonna act like a horse's ass, I'll spray this whole Goddamn can in your eyeballs. Then you'll be blind, burnin, and buried alive. So what's it gonna be sister? Her eyes move to the right, indicating the flashlight.
50) 45) dialog: You may be stupid, but at least you ain't bloody stupid. The two men lift up The Bride, and carry her over to the box and place her in. Budd puts the flashlight inside. He picks up the pine lid, and is just about to place it o the coffin... WHEN... ...He locks eyeballs with The Bride... ...her eyes hold his for as long as she can, THEN... ..-he places the lid over her face, closing the coffin. THEN... ...with a hammer and nails the two men seal the coffin sh http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 116 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
52) 0) text: The two men lift the pine box, and set it in the grave. Budd scoops up a shovel full of dirt...
54) 0) text: Budd and Ernie are finished filling the grave. The old coffin, with the body of Paula Schultz, in the back of th flatbed. Before they climb into the truck and drive away Budd lays a dozen red roses on The Bride's grave.
55) 0) text: Budd behind the wheel. Ernie in the passenger's seat. Car radio playing Mexican music. Budd's silver cell phone rin
55) 1) dialog: http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm Page 118 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am (into phone) Yellow?
56) 0) text: Elle Driver sits in a seat on a passenger jet enroute to great state of Texas. She calls Budd on the airplane phon
56) 2) dialog: Elle darlin, she's sufferin as we speak. A smile spreads across Elle's face. She rests her head ba against the seat's headrest. Her eyelids close. She sligh parts her lips...and lets out a; “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" This is the face of satisfaction. FADE TO BLACK.
67) 0) text: The car stops in front of Budd's camper. She shuts off th car and the radio. The camper door opens, Budd squints outside through the bright gold, hot desert morning, at the Tall Blonde Girl one Good Eye.
67) 1) dialog: Want some breakfast?
68) 0) text: Budd and Elle in the tiny kitchen of Budd's tiny camper. sits a the kitchen table, a black suitcase by her feet. B stands at a blender making them both breakfast margaritas hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 138 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am he finishes telling the tale of last night.
68) 2) dialog: Yep.
68) 4) dialog: Paula Schultz. Budd turns on the NOISY blender, that's to die. grave she's as Elle writes down the name Paula Schultz on a small notepad, placing it back inside pocket. T.V. In the front room.
68) 6) dialog: That's my money in that black case, isn't it?
68) 8) dialog: Well then, The tall blonde girl steps into Hanzo sword, and sits back down She slowly removes the Japanese
68) 10) dialog: That's a Hanzo sword alright.
68) 12) dialog: Once.
68) 14) dialog: If you're gonna compare a Hanzo sword, you compare it to every sword ever made -- wasn't made by Hattori Hanzo. Here, wrap your lips around this. He hands her her margarita, she takes a sip. He takes a g http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm
68) 15) dialog: So, which "R" you filled with?
68) 17) dialog: They say the number one killer of old people is retirement. People got'em a job to do, they tend to live a little longer so they can do it. I've always figured warriors and their enemies share the same relationship. So now you ain't gonna hafta face your enemy on the battlefield no more, which "R" are you filled with, Relief or Regret?
68) 19) dialog: Bullshit. I'm sure you do feel a little bit of both. But I know damn Page 140 of 185 Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am well you feel one more than you feel the other. The question was which one? Elle looks right at him with her eye, and says;
68) 21) dialog: Yeah you gotta hand it to the ol girl. I never saw nobody buffalo Bill the way she buffaloed Bill. Bill useta think she was so damn smart. I tried to tell him... Bill she's just smart for a blonde. He looks over at Elle and grins. Elle looks at him.
68) 23) dialog: Great day in the morning. He lifts a stack out of the bag, then another, then another...and when he lifts the third stack out, he looks down and sees a BLACK MAMBA SNAKE coiled underneath. The Black Mamba opens its WIDE JAWS...and LEAPS RIGHT AT BUDD... ...STRIKING Budd in the face repeatedly in blurred succes (three times in the face, and once in the forearm). Budd topples out of the kitchen chair onto the floor, bun of money fall with him. Elle takes a sip of her Margarita. The Black Mamba leaves Budd and goes under the refridgera Elle looks down, Budd lies on his back on the kitchen flo at her feet. His face is already grotesquely swollen and white as a sheet. The serpent's extraordinarily potent ve makes a full-frontal assault on the cowboys's nervous sys hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 141 of Kill Bill http://www. bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.htm 08/10/03 11:20 am
70) 0) text: As she walks through the door, Budd's dead, swollen body greets her. As does her serpent namesake, dead on the flo from decapitation. She begins searching the camper, quickly, for something i particular. We don't have the slightest clue what it coul be. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 145 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am
71) 0) text: Elle crawls from the wreckage of the Trans Am, holding th Hanzo sword, looking like she's just been in a car wreck A cut on her head makes blood run down the side of her fa Luckily for her, not the side with the good eye. The camper door swings open. The Bride emerges from Budd' home, looking like a Barbie doll that's been dug up after years buried in the backyard, carrying a Hanzo sword. Eve footfall creating a cloud of dust. The two women, each carrying a samurai sword, face each o in showdown position. A shark smile spreads across Elle's face.