26) 0) text: The trap door in the floor opens up, and HATTORI HANZO (S Chef), climbs inside the room, followed by The Bride. The room has many handcrafted samurai swords in hand-carv wooden sheaths resting on wooden racks running the length the second half of the attic. The Bride walks down the row of Japanese steel, looking a touching the shiny wood. She looks behind her to Hanzo wh still by the trap door, and says;
26) 22) dialog: EX CU The
33) 18) dialog: He's sewing something that requires a lot of concentratio CU The BRIDE'S BARE BACK What he's sewing is, the NASTY SLASH O-Ren gave the Bride her back, closed with a simple needle and thread. CU The BRIDE lies naked on her stomach, head up, chin resting on her folded hand, feeling no pain at the needle piercing her flesh. The sleeping giant is awake, and in her eyes we se she's filled with a terrible resolve. As Hanzo sews, he recites in Japanese the Yagu mantra, th Bride recites in Japanese after him. EX CU: O-REN ISHII'S name written in the Bride's notebook with the number one next to it. A black felt pen comes in frame and draws a line through the name.
49) 0) text: Budd pulls his pickup truck in front of his small camper home. He walks inside, shutting the door behind him. The Bride rolls to a stop...O0bserving the lonely trailer of her windshield... Texas tear-ass music begins coming out of the camper....W see his figure pass the camper window, once or twice. The Bride chooses her weapon -- Hattori Hanzo's samurai sword. She doesn't say anything, nor will an actress of Uma Thurman's caliber indicate her feelings, but the astute member of the audience will read the significance of her choice. His current status be damned, the Budd who owes T Bride satisfaction was a warrior. And it's that Budd she intends to send to his maker. She takes a black stocking cap, and slips it on top of he skull, tucking her blonde hair underneath... THEN... ...Rubs black make-up under both eyes, on top of both eyelids, and down the bridge of her nose... THEN... Disconnects the cab lights above her, opens the truck doo and slips out unseen into the Austin Texas night air. THEN... On her belly, Hattori Hanzo sword in sheath in hand, she crawls across the desert floor towards Budd's trailer. THEN... Somewhere in the vast outdoors a cat jumps on a rat. Thei fight makes a LOUD racket. The Bride stops and buries her face in the dirt. From inside the trailer, we hear the needle being lifted the phonograph. From a distance we see: The shadowy figure of Budd lookin out the window of the camper. hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 108 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am The Bride keeps her face in the dirt. The figure of Budd at the window, seems to dismiss the so he heard for what it was -- a rat meeting its end at the claws of a cat. The curtain closes again. The needle is placed back on the phonograph. CU The BRIDE face in the dirt...One Mississippi...Two Mississippi...he eyes look up towards the trailer...All's clear...She begi crawling towards the trailer again. ...She's now right outside the trailer home...We can hear sound of Budd sitting in a chair rocking back and forth. She hears the sound of a screw top unscrewed...The sound pouring in a glass...The sound of a glass being laid heav a table. Crouched low on the balls of her feet, she, with great ca slowly and silently unsheathes her Hanzo sword. Through the bottom slit in the door, she sees the distort image of Budd's feet on the floor. She slowly rises...removes her black stocking cap...blond hair falls around her shoulders...sword in right hand...l hand grabs the front doorknob... QUICK as a Texas lizard on glass -- She brings the sword' handle down hard on the door lock -- EX CU Cheap Lock Busting. She flings the front door open... The BRIDE'S POV: Brother Budd sitting calmly in a rocking chair, moving ba and forth to the Texas twang on his turntable, cradling a DOUBLE-BARREL SHOTGUN aimed right at The Bride.
77) 0) text: Hattori Hanzo lies sleeping on his mat... WHEN... hutp://www.bol.ucla.edu/~alexward/script.hum Page 159 of Kill Bill 08/10/03 11:20 am His phone wakes him up in the middle of the night...He hurriedly answers it.