16) 0) text: A dark haired girl, DENISE WILLIS, 27, sleeps curled up u a blanket.
16) 3) dialog: Huh?
16) 5) text: Denise shakes a lump of jackets and sweaters lying next t her. She removes a sweater from the top of the pile to RE the face of MARY KNOWLES, 29.
16) 6) dialog: Come on sleeping beauty, time to go  to work.
16) 8) dialog: Rise and shine.
16) 10) dialog: (removing the blanket) Let's go. You're the one who wanted  to be a photographer.
16) 12) dialog: Too late. You're in for life, let's  move it out Private Shutterbug.
16) 14) dialog: Aw, it ain't crap... it's... cute. (sarcastic) ...and really who are we to judge  the artistic merit of the tin-can  Mona Lisa?
18) 0) text: The restroom is gray, dingy, a single exposed light bulb  hangs from the ceiling. The peeling walls are plastered w newspaper clippings and faded photos. Mary is in the stall, sitting on the toilet, staring stra ahead at a poster of RHONDO HATTON, a B-MOVIE ACTOR that  suffered from acromegalia. Denise standing at a tiny sink, splashes water on her fac She looks at herself in the mirror.
18) 1) dialog: (water running down  her face) I swear I've aged five years since  this trip started.
18) 3) dialog: (takes a paper towel  and wipes her face) God, I hate falling asleep in the  afternoon. Now I'll be up all night... (stretches) ...ugh, my back is killing me.
18) 6) dialog: I don't know. Couple hours I think.  I've got to call him.
18) 7) text: Mary washes her hands. Denise ties up her hair.
18) 9) dialog: Yeah, I hit burn out mode back at  that old stripper lady's place.  Watching her dance around with those  ratty-looking animals was ridiculous.
18) 11) dialog: A decent meal every once in a while  wouldn't hurt either, this road food  is crap.
18) 13) dialog: Scattered, smothered and covered.
19) 2) dialog: Tickets for what?
19) 4) dialog: I don't want to see that.
19) 6) text: Jerry PULLS Denise over and puts his arm around her.
19) 8) dialog: Oh yeah, murder museum... sounds  fun.
21) 0) text: Denise leans against the glass walls of the phone booth. Various flyers are taped to the inside: free kittens, pho sex ads and a missing poster for a girl named KAREN MURPH A light rain begins to fall. Denise puts some change in the phone and dials a number.
23) 0) text: A grey haired man sits at a small table eating a ham sand and drinking a beer. This is DONALD WILLIS, Denise's fath He stands up and walks to the phone hanging on the wall.
24) 1) dialog: No, nothing like that... yeah, we're  gonna be a little late. We stopped  for gas at this place called Capt.  Spaulding's outside of Ruggsville  and it turned into a whole thing, so  we're kind of behind schedule.
26) 1) dialog: Yeah, well he's still here. I think  him and Jerry are fast becoming  buddies, you know Jerry... yeah,  he's gotta see everything... yeah, I  know... thinks there's some unsolved  mystery around every corner.
28) 1) dialog: Hopefully I can move things along  here and make up the lost time by  speeding all the way home... yes,  Dad I'm kidding.
30) 0) text: Bill, Jerry and Mary wait for Denise.
31) 0) text: Jerry knocks on the glass as he passes. Denise waves as h walks by.
31) 1) dialog: Yeah so... OK, expect us more around  eleven or so. OK yeah, I will...  love you, too, bye.
33) 2) dialog: Never. I swear to God he never sleeps,  he goes to bed after me, wakes up  before me. He's always working on  10.
33) 5) dialog: Here he comes.
33) 9) dialog: Ugh, what's that smell?
36) 5) text: Mary and Denise sit bundled up in blankets.
36) 7) dialog: Aw Christ, Jerry. We can't see  anything now, it's too dark. Let's  forget it.
36) 16) dialog: (sarcastically) That seems likely.
36) 20) dialog: Stick her in the front, if you want  to pick her up so bad. She's soaked.
36) 24) dialog: Hardy har, har.
37) 6) dialog: Well, hitchhiking ain't the safest  way for a girl to travel.
42) 3) dialog: Honk at him. Scare him.
43) 3) text: As the car moves past, Denise stares at the dog sitting c to the side of the road. The dog blankly stares back at h
43) 15) dialog: You got to be fucking joking.
45) 0) text: Baby is leaning on her chin staring at Mary and Denise. T car radio plays in the background.
45) 9) text: Denise tries to QUICKLY defuse the situation.
45) 10) dialog: No. No pussy licking here, but thanks  for your concern.
45) 16) dialog: For fucking sake Jerry, what the  fuck are we gonna do?
45) 32) dialog: Turn that fucking radio off!
45) 34) dialog: Now what are we gonna do?
45) 38) dialog: I can't believe...
49) 0) text: Jerry is stretched out across the front seat, reading a b on Freak Shows. Denise and Mary sit in the back, curled u under layers of blankets and clothes.
49) 1) dialog: Fuck, it's freezing.
49) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah.
49) 5) dialog: Yeah, so how does that fit with the  story of four morons with a flat  tire looking for a dead tree?
49) 7) dialog: So.
49) 9) dialog: Why?
49) 11) dialog: Yeah?
49) 13) dialog: So what?
49) 15) dialog: You know what Jerry, who really cares  at this point?
49) 22) dialog: Yeah, Jerry, she said some pretty  fucked shit to us.
49) 24) dialog: When you were outside with Bill.
49) 26) dialog: Yeah, she said we looked queer.
51) 0) text: Denise and Mary sit facing one another, playing cards. Mary deals from a deck. Jerry naps in the front seat.
51) 2) dialog: I don't know... about half an hour.
51) 5) dialog: What? I didn't hear anything.
51) 8) dialog: Now... listen.
51) 11) dialog: (whispering) Shhhhhh, quiet.
51) 13) dialog: Turn on the headlights. See if  anything is out there.
51) 14) text: Mary turns on the headlights. Denise lets out a blood-cur SCREAM. Jerry bolts up.
51) 19) dialog: Holy fuck, holy fuck, holy fuck.
51) 23) dialog: Jesus Christ.
52) 0) text: Bill stands on the front porch watching as the truck roug jerks the car to a stop. Jerry jumps out, opens the back door and helps Denise.
52) 2) dialog: Thanks for coming to get us. Little  brother almost scared us to death.
53) 1) dialog: Look. I gotta call my Dad and tell  him we're gonna be late. Can I use  your phone?
53) 3) dialog: Excuse me, may I please use your  phone?
53) 8) dialog: Huh? Oh, hi. You really don't have a  phone?
53) 16) dialog: I mean obviously we will compensate  you for your troubles.
54) 0) text: Mother, Jerry, Denise and Mary are all seated on the sofa Bill sits in an easy chair.
54) 5) dialog: No, he's just joking. We don't really  have any plans other than spending  the night at my Dad's house... (glances at Jerry) ...which is where we were headed  when our car broke down.
54) 7) dialog: Yeah, I guess I'll just help him  hand out candy to the trick or  treaters.
54) 11) text: Bill and Mary snicker at Jerry's comments. Denise tries t keep a straight face.
54) 21) dialog: How long is that gonna take?
54) 24) dialog: Can't Tiny drive us to a phone?
54) 27) dialog: How's he get around out here?
54) 34) dialog: Thank you.
55) 0) text: Bill, Jerry, Mary and Denise are now all seated around a  large dining room table. A thick mountain of candles sits burning dead center on the table, giving off a warm glow. Dozens of Halloween decorations dangle from strings over table, spiders, bats and black cats. There is a hand-made PAPER MACHE MASK sitting on each pla
55) 3) dialog: Really, now is not the time to make  waves.
55) 5) dialog: Shhhhhh.
55) 7) dialog: You sure you don't need any help in  there?
57) 2) dialog: Oh.
57) 4) dialog: What happened? Oh, I'm sorry, it's  none of my business.
57) 14) dialog: (elbows Jerry) Don't be such a fucking smart ass.
60) 0) text: The feast is on. Mother, Tiny, Grampa, Jerry, Bill, Mary Denise are gathered around the table.
60) 2) text: Mother puts on her mask, Tiny and Grampa follow. Jerry, B and Denise slowly raise up their masks, Mary hesitates.
60) 27) dialog: Can we please change the subject?
60) 32) dialog: Yeah, showtime for what?
61) 0) text: Billy, Jerry, Mary and Denise stand waiting in front of a old barn. Tiny unlocks the huge doors of the barn and swi them open. Standing inside waiting is Mother. She is all dressed up the occasion.
62) 6) dialog: That food... (holding stomach) ugh, I feel like I'm gonna puke.
62) 7) text: Jerry, Bill, Mary and Denise take their seats. Mary flips open the program. Inside, written in crayon, a the words: HALLOWEEN EXTRAVAGANZA -- starring the Comedy  Legend GRAMPA and the World Famous BABY.
62) 15) text: The sound of CANNED APPLAUSE fills the room. Bill begins applaud, Jerry and Denise join in. Mary does not.
62) 22) dialog: (quietly) What are you laughing at?
62) 24) dialog: This isn't funny, it's twisted.
62) 30) text: The recorded crowd screams with laughter, as does Jerry. Bill, Denise and Mary look at him like he's crazy.
62) 33) dialog: Shit, I'm all for being a sport, but  this is ridiculous.
62) 38) dialog: I suppose. I mean they're obviously  all bonkers, but I guess they're  harmless.
62) 41) dialog: You gotta be kidding me. This chick  is wasted.
62) 46) text: Baby makes her way down from stage on to floor level. She gyrates and seductively TEASES one of the dummy audience  members. Baby moves over to Jerry. Stroking her hand down his face Denise tries to look amused. Jerry smiles uncomfortably. Baby strolls past Denise and stops in front of Mary. Baby pauses and pinches Mary's cheek and winks. Mary is  FURIOUS. Baby moves over to Bill. Mary watches like a mother hawk. Baby sings and dances with all of her attention focused o Bill. Baby puts her arms around Bill's neck and sits on his lap Mary BOLTS FORWARD and SHOVES Baby off of Bill. Baby crashes onto the floor.
62) 59) dialog: Thank God.
63) 0) text: Bill, Jerry, Denise and Mary climb back into their car.
63) 2) dialog: Lock the fucking doors.
65) 6) text: Jerry, Mary and Denise watch through the windshield as Bi struggles to unlatch the thick iron gates. SUDDENLY, one of the SCARECROWS JUMPS down from his cross and SMASHES Bill over the head with a HEAVY CLUB. Bill dr to his knees.
69) 4) text: Willis stands, walks to the window, opens the shades, mor sun fills the room. shelf by the window is cluttered with framed photographs. B+W memories of Denise at the beach, RUDY the dog. High s graduations and Donald Willis in uniform with the other  members of 56 Precinct. Donald is a FORMER POLICE OFFICER
76) 0) text: Wydell and Naish scan the surrounding woods for any sign Denise and her friends.
85) 0) text: Water drips down from the leaking pipes above. Scavenging rats scurry across the concrete floor. In a far corner a single light burns, a child's Humpty Du lamp, illuminating -- Denise is strapped to an old wooden bed. She has been str of her own clothes and is now wearing a blue checked litt girl's dress. Her hair is tied in pigtails. She is cold and shivering. BOOM. The basement door opens, heavy footsteps lumber dow the creaking stairs. It is Tiny. Tiny is wearing an orange T-shirt that reads, "This is my Halloween costume". For the first time we see the skin on his arms, it is severely deformed from burn scars. He is holding a small tray. On the tray is a box of cerea milk, a bowl and a spoon. Tiny goes over to Denise, sets down the tray, and proudly displays his T-shirt.
85) 1) dialog: (hoarse and dry) Please... Tiny, please. Let me go...  help me.
85) 2) text: Tiny sits down on a stool next to the bed, he stares down Denise like a confused dog.
85) 3) dialog: (crying) Please, God please.
85) 4) text: Tiny begins preparing her food, carefully pouring the cer and milk into the bowl. He stirs it with the spoon. Tiny gently lifts Denise's head and feeds her like a baby Denise swallows the food, trying not to choke. After a fe spoonfuls Tiny stands up and walks over to a dark corner the room. He pulls a string and turns on a swinging ceiling light. the light we see a rusty cage, inside are three rail-thin female bodies. Tiny throws the remainder of the cereal into the cage. One of the bodies moves to eat the scraps, the others do  not. They are dead. Tiny turns off the overhead light.
98) 0) text: Wydell and Mother sit opposite eachother at the kitchen t Pictures of Denise and her companions are spread on the t Wydell takes notes as Mother talks.
101) 7) text: Mother and Baby start TEARING AWAY the paper covering fro the object in the middle of the room. They RIP at the pap spinning and dancing around in a wild pagan ritual. As the shreds of colored paper fall to the floor we see:  Denise, Jerry and Mary tied back to back hanging from the chain, each are dressed in a different animal costume. De is a pig, Jerry is a donkey and Mary is a rabbit. They ar gagged. Mother and Baby laugh at their helpless victims, splashin moonshine in their faces.
101) 19) text: The room goes silent. All eyes are focused on the stairs. A robed figure, Otis, appears at the top of the stairs, h begins to descend. Rufus waits at the bottom of the stairs. As Otis reaches last step Rufus hands him the megaphone. Denise, Mary and Jerry struggle to watch as they in turn  rotate past the scene unfolding.
101) 27) text: Otis stops the spinning of his prisoners and stands direc before Denise. He drops his robe, underneath he is wearing a SUIT OF SKI sewn together from pieces of Denise's father. Denise stares in horror, tears stream down her cheeks, ba able to comprehend the madness around her. Otis moves in close and licks her across the face.
102) 0) text: The rain pounds down. A heavy fog hovers over the dense g of the field. In the distance, silhouetted by moonlight, gruesome caravan slowly moves through the night. Otis, lantern in hand, leads the way. Followed by Baby an Mother together under a large black umbrella. Next Rufus  holds the leash connected to Jerry, Denise and Mary. Bringing up the rear, Tiny, shotgun focused on the prison and Grampa. Grampa is strapped to Tiny's back like a chil He waves a flashlight back and forth like a search beam. The group comes to a halt at a huge wooden structure.
102) 26) text: Denise starts kicking and fighting with Rufus. Rufus trie to hold her steady, when suddenly Mary breaks free and st to run.
103) 0) text: Otis shoves Denise into the coffin with Jerry and locks t lid shut. Through a CROSS-SHAPED OPENING in the coffin we see them crushed together. Rufus LOWERS the coffin into the pit. Once the coffin is  inside Otis slams the door shut. Otis opens a small window in the door and lowers in a lan and a small tape recorder playing music.
104) 0) text: Enter Hell. The dim light of the lantern shines off the s wet filth of the rotted wood walls. The stench of death a decay hangs heavy in the thin air. Denise and Jerry, cold and shivering, hang half submerged thick maggot infested sludge. Bits of animal and human  skeletons float in the muck, broken bones lay in piles al the walls.
105) 0) text: Through the dim light, we see the tightly packed forms of Jerry and Denise.
105) 1) dialog: (hysterical) We've got get out of here, we got  get out of here.
105) 3) dialog: (crying) I can't... I can't move my arms. I  hurt so much.
105) 8) dialog: That's not me. I didn't... I'm not  doing that.
105) 10) dialog: Help, help us.
105) 11) text: Suddenly, an arm breaks through the side of the coffin.  Another smashes through the top of the lid. The coffin be to violently shake. Denise screams. Another reaches through, grabbing her feet. SMASH! The co is ripped apart and Jerry is pulled away from the destruc He lets out a quick scream before disappearing into the  darkness.
105) 12) dialog: Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!
111) 0) text: Denise stands knee deep in the sludge. Broken bits of the coffin's remains are scattered around her.
111) 1) dialog: Jerry please answer me.
111) 3) dialog: Jerry... (moving slowly forward) ...is that you?
111) 4) text: Denise cautiously makes her way to the bend at the end of the tunnel. As she approaches, the moaning sound gets lou She turns the corner to see: TWO PALE FIGURES in filthy hospital gowns hunched over a  shadowy object. Denise gasps. They turn towards Denise,  revealing the partially devoured dead body of Jerry. The two bone-white ghouls are dripping with Jerry's blood they stare at Denise, then return to their prey. Denise screams in horror and runs, turning down another t in the underground maze. She turns the corner and runs  straight into SEVERAL SLOW MOVING GHOULS. The ghouls are the same deathly white complexion, hair-less with flaked, cracking skin. Their yellow eyes shine in the darkness. They reach for her, but she breaks free and continues to into the endless stretch of tunnels before her.
117) 0) text: Denise, waist high in sludge, wanders lost through the en tunnels of the pit. In the distance she hears high pitche animal sounds. A GHOUL rises up from the sludge behind Denise. It stands silent. It reaches out a BONEY HAND with long curled  fingernails and grabs her hair. Denise screams and tries pull away. The ghoul grabs her with his other hand and pu her closer, CLAWING at her face. Denise fights her way free, but loses her footing and fal backwards, slipping under the sludge. She quickly resurfa and starts to run.
121) 0) text: A beaten Denise struggles down a long tunnel. She gets to the end to find that it is a dead-end. Behind her, FIVE G move silently towards her, blocking her only exit. The ghouls slosh through the muck, moving in closer. Deni frantically looks for an escape, nailed into the wall nex to her are planks of wood forming a ladder. The ghouls are only a few yards away. Denise climbs up th ladder. They move in, clawing at her legs and feet, tryin to pull her down. Denise digs at the wood and mud ceiling above her, trying to break free. Denise is bleeding severely from the chunks of flesh bein torn from her legs. She digs wildly at the ceiling, sudde a board falls free and mud rains down to reveal: STARS, the sky above shines through the hole. Denise smas her fists at the rotted wood planks, pulling free another piece. With all her might Denise grabs hold and pulls herself up through the opening.
122) 0) text: Denise fights her way through the earth and pulls her bod up into the night air. The cool air rushes to her lungs. crawls free of the hole, gasping for air. She is safe. Suddenly... SMASH! A ghoul has broken throug the surface. He grabs Denise by the leg and begins to pul her back into the hole. Denise screams and begins kicking violently at the ghoul. She breaks and crawls from the ghoul's reach.
124) 0) text: Denise pulls herself to her feet and begins to run. The flaming object burns in the distance behind her. Denise stumbles toward the road on two badly injured legs
126) 0) text: Denise makes her way out onto the road. No cars are in si In the distance headlights break through the darkness. De stands in the middle of the road. The TRUCK comes into view, it is a small cube truck. Denise stands in the headlights, waving her arms for it t stop. The truck comes to a halt. She runs toward the passenger's side door and climbs in.
127) 0) text: Behind the wheel of the truck is Captain Spaulding. Denise is shaking from shock.
127) 1) dialog: Go, go! Drive... drive!
127) 3) dialog: (becoming hysterical) Murdering... blood and Jerry... (starts to cry  uncontrollably) ...monsters... I... I... I got away...
127) 6) dialog: (screaming) No! No, that's it... that house is... (tries to open the  truck door) ...I gotta get out, I gotta get out!
127) 7) text: Boom! The metal door leading to the back of the truck sli open. Ravelli grabs Denise and pulls her back into the ba of the truck. SLAM! The metal door shuts.