58) 0) text: In a cramped, darkened room we see the huge shape of Tiny hovering over a BED containing the hunched, fragile old b of GRAMPA. Grampa struggles to sit, then slowly slides his legs over the edge of the bed. Tiny helps him to stand.
58) 1) dialog: God damn it, I can do it. I can do  it myself, ya big monkey. I ain't  dead yet... so don't you and your  sister start counting out my money  yet.
58) 2) text: Grampa steadies himself against Tiny. They slowly walk ou of the room.
58) 3) dialog: God damn, my dogs are barking.
58) 4) text: As they move into the light of the hallway, it is clear t Grampa is in his late 80's. Grampa quickly grows tired. Tiny picks him up in his arms and carries him down the stairs to the dining room. As they move past, the camera comes to rest on a STRANGE  OBJECT sitting on a shelf. A LARGE GLASS JAR containing a DEFORMED BABY. The pickled punk looks to have a small second head growing from its  temple. The label on the jar reads STUFFY 1973. The sound from the TV fades up in the background. BELA LUGOSI'S VOICE can be heard.
60) 0) text: The feast is on. Mother, Tiny, Grampa, Jerry, Bill, Mary Denise are gathered around the table.
60) 2) text: Mother puts on her mask, Tiny and Grampa follow. Jerry, B and Denise slowly raise up their masks, Mary hesitates.
60) 3) dialog: (to Mary) Christ kid, put it on. She ain't  letting any of us touch the grub  'til you're wearing the damn thing.
60) 9) text: Grampa shifts his eyes onto Mother.
60) 11) dialog: It's all talk, yakty yak, like a  bunch of hungry chipmunks... Christ,  Dr. Satan. That takes the bull's  nuts alright... (starts laughing) ...hey, I hear some genius up north  got a hot line on the Easter Bunny  for ya.
60) 21) dialog: (mouth full of food) What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter  for the Daily Asshole?
60) 25) dialog: Hey, the kid wants to know. Enlighten  him.
60) 29) dialog: (shouting) Dinner's over. (pushes his plate  back and stands up) Ladies and Germs... it's showtime.
60) 30) text: Grampa hobbles out of the room.
62) 7) text: Jerry, Bill, Mary and Denise take their seats. Mary flips open the program. Inside, written in crayon, a the words: HALLOWEEN EXTRAVAGANZA -- starring the Comedy  Legend GRAMPA and the World Famous BABY.
62) 16) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, straight from  his smash six week sold out run at  Tiki-Ti Club... the Stardust lounge  is proud to present Mr. Sexy  himself... Grampa Hugo.
62) 17) text: Grampa walks out to center stage, mic in hand and begins speak.
62) 18) dialog: Hey, let me tell ya a story... so  I'm hanging out with my buddy Hal  Jackowictz and I'm like, hey Hal  let's go get some booze and chase  the chickens... fucking Hal says no,  no the old battle axe at home will  break my balls... I gotta get my ass  home.
62) 19) text: The kids stare in shock at Grampa. Jerry begins to laugh.
62) 20) dialog: So, I tell 'im... Hal, here's the  secret. Go home tonight, crawl into  bed, get under the covers and eat  your wife's pussy... I mean jam your  face right in the bush.
62) 25) dialog: So, Hal goes home, jumps in, starts  chomping and licking away at her  pussy, she's screaming and howling...  totally passes out from the  experience.
62) 27) dialog: Now, Hal... He's feeling pretty good,  so he goes into the bathroom for a  quick shave... (pauses) ...suddenly he lets out a horrible  scream. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
62) 29) dialog: Sitting there on the toilet is Hal's  wife Gloria... and she says, "Quiet  down, you'll wake Grandma!"
62) 31) dialog: Thank you, you're too kind, too  kind... stay in your seats, coming  up next we got something special for  you men out there.
88) 2) dialog: (off screen) God damn bitch, what the fuck are  you waiting for... Charles Nelson  Reilly don't know shit...
88) 3) text: We pull back further to see Otis pacing wildly back and f in front of his TV, watching MATCH GAME. Grampa sits eati a TV dinner.
88) 7) dialog: Where do they find these people?
94) 3) dialog: (watching TV) What? How many?
101) 3) text: The movie begins and we move off the TV to see: Hundreds of CANDLES are lit, illuminating everything with flickering light. Music blares from a cheap stereo. BLACK and ORANGE PAPER STREAMERS are draped from ceiling to flo Dead center is a LARGE OBJECT standing seven feet tall, i is completely covered in paper Halloween decorations. A l chain connects the object up into the rafters. This is the Halloween party from Hell. An intoxicated Grampa, dressed as FLASH GORDON, sits in h wheelchair watching the TV, drinking MOONSHINE from an  unmarked bottle.
101) 4) dialog: (slurred drunken  yelling at the screen) Get those motherfucker... those high  water bitches and rocketship  daisies... kill 'em, kill 'em.
101) 14) dialog: I shot an elephant in my pajamas  this morning... how he got in my  pajamas I'll never know.
101) 16) dialog: Then we tried to remove the tusks,  but they were embedded in so firmly  that we couldn't budge 'em.
101) 18) dialog: Of course, in Alabama the Tuscaloosa,  but that's entirely irrelephant.
101) 33) dialog: That's a horse's ass alright, I told  you.
101) 36) text: Baby rolls Grampa over to Jerry.
101) 38) dialog: Zarkoff, I will conquer the sea, the  air, the earth... the universe.
101) 47) dialog: What the fuck are you saying? Who  the hell is talking to me?
101) 51) text: Mother, Baby, Grampa join in chanting with Rufus.
102) 0) text: The rain pounds down. A heavy fog hovers over the dense g of the field. In the distance, silhouetted by moonlight, gruesome caravan slowly moves through the night. Otis, lantern in hand, leads the way. Followed by Baby an Mother together under a large black umbrella. Next Rufus  holds the leash connected to Jerry, Denise and Mary. Bringing up the rear, Tiny, shotgun focused on the prison and Grampa. Grampa is strapped to Tiny's back like a chil He waves a flashlight back and forth like a search beam. The group comes to a halt at a huge wooden structure.
106) 0) text: The spastic light of TV static strobes across the sleepin face of Grampa. Beside him, Mother sleeps peacefully.