60) 13) dialog: (slowly) I know all about what you want to  know about.
60) 14) text: A PALE FIGURE creeps forward like NOSFERATU from a dark c of the room. This is OTIS. He stands six foot, but is deathly slim. His skin is  translucent, glowing in the dark. Long thin white hair co his head. His eyes are grey. He is an ALBINO. He is holding a GLASS JAR containing a SMALL FETUS. On cl inspection we see there are two small bodies joined to on head. The label reads WOLF.
60) 16) text: Otis sets the disturbing jar of Wolf on the table. He lea forward onto the jar, resting his chin.
60) 17) dialog: Now, I don't know where you heard  all your little fairy fables about  Dr. Satan but...
60) 19) dialog: (laughing) That old bitch hog don't know shit.  He tells cute little tattle-tales to  sell his junk, but he don't sell no  Yankee boys no truth.
60) 23) dialog: I ain't sure that you really need to  know. It's better you go home still  dreaming about your kitty cats and  puppy dogs.
60) 26) dialog: Boy, I bet you'd stick your head in  the fire if I told ya you'd see  Hell... meanwhile you too stupid to  realize you got a demon sticking out  your ass singing, "Holy Miss Moly, I  got a live one."
70) 1) dialog: (off screen) Shut your fucking mouth!
70) 3) dialog: I said shut your mouth!
70) 4) text: ZOOM BACK to see Mary wearing a dunce cap, tied to a chai facing a corner in the farmhouse's attic. This is Otis's studio. Otis, standing before a large canvas, sets down his paint brush and calmly walks over to Mary. He spins her chair around, clamps her mouth shut with his hand and leans his nose against hers.
70) 5) dialog: (slow and sinister) Listen, you Malibu Barbie middle  class piece of shit. I'm trying to  work, you got me, work... you ever  work?
70) 7) dialog: Yeah, I'll bet you did. Scooping ice  cream to your shitheel friends on  summer break... well, I ain't talking  about white socks with Mickey Mouse  on one side and Donald Duck on the  other... shit, you ain't reading no  funny books, mamma.
70) 8) text: Otis raises his paint covered hand.
70) 9) dialog: This is blood and guts, Suzy Q. Our  bodies come and go, but this blood  is forever... (pulls a small book  from his breast pocket) ...let me read you something, listen  and learn... you listening?
70) 10) text: Otis pulls back his hand, ready to backhand her across th face with the book. She nods again. He lowers the book.
70) 11) dialog: (gesturing dramatically) And the angels, all pallid and wan,  Uprising, unveiling, affirm That the  play is the tragedy "Man" And its  hero the Conqueror Worm... (pauses) ...you get that? Art is eternal, you  get me, mamma?
70) 13) dialog: Now, I'm gonna remove my hand... you  make a sound and I swear I'll slit  you open and make you eat your own  fucking intestines... you get me?
70) 16) dialog: Doing what? Messy up your day? Well,  fuck lady there are some bigger issues  at hand... than your fucking have a  nice fucking day bumper sticker shit!
70) 18) dialog: (chuckling) Well, Bill... he's a good guy, he's  been great help to me... a real  blessing... I couldn't have asked  for a better specimen. I mean you  don't know what a dry spell I've  had, total block... (slaps his forehead) ...total block... but Bill he's OK.
70) 21) dialog: Let's go see.
70) 22) text: Otis grabs the back of the chair and drags her across the room towards a curtained off area. Whoosh! He pulls her through the curtains. From behind th curtain we hear Mary SCREAMING and Otis LAUGHING.
71) 1) dialog: Behold... The Fish-Boy!
71) 3) dialog: Oh, it's real... as real as I want  it to be, mamma... (grabs his canvas and  holds it in her face) ...look, see the magic in my brush  strokes.
71) 6) dialog: Oh, come now... we're all creatures  of God and freaks in our own way... (twitches and shakes) ...but if you'll notice... (points to a blank  spot in the painting) right here, needs a little something,  heh?
71) 7) text: Otis slowly puts down the canvas, turns and picks up a hu hunting knife.
71) 9) dialog: You, my dear worm feeder, are about  to become immortalized.
71) 10) text: Otis draws back the knife.
71) 12) text: Otis swings the knife forward, directly into the camera.
88) 3) text: We pull back further to see Otis pacing wildly back and f in front of his TV, watching MATCH GAME. Grampa sits eati a TV dinner.
88) 4) dialog: (gesturing at the TV  with a knife) Watch that bitch, she's thinking  about that Klugman bangin' Brett  Sommers, pick motherfucking Richard  Dawson.
88) 5) text: Otis throws the large hunting knife at the wall next to J
88) 6) dialog: He's the fucking slick jack Match  Game man, mamma.
94) 2) dialog: What! God damn, how many?
94) 4) dialog: Don't worry about it.
94) 5) text: Otis jumps up and goes over to an old dresser and opens a drawer and pulls out an automatic revolver.
94) 7) dialog: I'm sure there's more than that...  fucking pigs always travel in packs... (handing the gun to  Mother) ...here, take this.
94) 9) dialog: Go down stairs and play nice... I'm  a gonna go 'round back and handle  things like I always fucking do.
99) 5) text: Willis runs to the car, he gets about halfway there befor he is hit in the back by a bullet. He stumbles and falls his knees. He kneels silent, stunned. We hold on his face and watch his life passes before him. A quick MONTAGE, we see the following images flash by: A. A father and daughter together in happier times. B. A child's birthday party. C. A baby crying. D. Willis and his deceased wife. Otis fires another shot. Willis falls forward into the mud, dead. Naish sees Willis fall. Before he can react a voice calls out from behind him.
99) 6) dialog: Hands up, bitch!
99) 8) dialog: Turn around, real slow... piggy-pie.
99) 10) dialog: Interlock your fingers behind your  head... (Naish hesitates) ...do it!
99) 12) dialog: Kneel.
99) 13) text: Naish kneels down. From a distance we see Otis standing over Naish, executio style. A white puff of smoke comes from Otis's gun and a  distant popping sound is heard. Naish falls over on his s The scene fades to blood red.
101) 19) text: The room goes silent. All eyes are focused on the stairs. A robed figure, Otis, appears at the top of the stairs, h begins to descend. Rufus waits at the bottom of the stairs. As Otis reaches last step Rufus hands him the megaphone. Denise, Mary and Jerry struggle to watch as they in turn  rotate past the scene unfolding.
101) 20) dialog: (through the megaphone) I'm the one who brings the Christmas  candy... now tell me (pauses and raises  his arms) ...Who's your Daddy?
101) 21) text: Otis walks closer to the rotating captives.
101) 22) dialog: I'm the one who brings the devil's  brandy... (waits)
101) 24) dialog: Yes! I'm the one who beats you when  you're bad...
101) 27) text: Otis stops the spinning of his prisoners and stands direc before Denise. He drops his robe, underneath he is wearing a SUIT OF SKI sewn together from pieces of Denise's father. Denise stares in horror, tears stream down her cheeks, ba able to comprehend the madness around her. Otis moves in close and licks her across the face.
101) 28) dialog: I'm the one who loves you when you're  fucking dead!
101) 30) dialog: (imitating Willis) Now, I say my little darlings... (rotates the chain to  Mary) maybe prancing around where you don't  belong ain't such a winner of an  idea... (slaps Mary across  the face)
101) 32) dialog: And you, the great rusher of fools,  what were you after... (slaps Jerry) Huh, speak to me... (slaps him again) Oh, that's right, Dr. Satan...  everybody got to know about Dr. Satan,  Jesus Christ, let the old dog rest  for fuck sake, he's already got one  foot in the grave and the other's  tap dancing around the edge... (gets nose to nose  with Jerry) ...well, I can see the disappointment  on your sad little puppy face... so  I'm gonna do you a favor, a big, big  favor. You owe me, boy. I'm gonna  let you meet the old bastard.
101) 35) dialog: Baby, roll that old love machine  over here, so this boy can meet his  hero.
101) 37) dialog: (lifts his skin mask) You see it's all true, the boogieman  is real and you found him... (Jerry stares in shock) ...why so sad? Isn't this what you  begged for? There he is, the living  legend himself, ta da Dr. Satan.  Now, don't get shy on me... ask your  hero some questions, don't blow this  last in a lifetime opportunity.
101) 41) text: Otis grabs Jerry's cheeks and makes his face move like a  ventriloquist dummy, provides Jerry's voice.
101) 42) dialog: Aw gee whiz, I'm so excited... I  really think you're the coolest...  you're tops on the playground, cooler  than the Fonzie.
101) 52) dialog: Alright, alright. Cut 'em down, it's  time they get what they came here  for.
102) 0) text: The rain pounds down. A heavy fog hovers over the dense g of the field. In the distance, silhouetted by moonlight, gruesome caravan slowly moves through the night. Otis, lantern in hand, leads the way. Followed by Baby an Mother together under a large black umbrella. Next Rufus  holds the leash connected to Jerry, Denise and Mary. Bringing up the rear, Tiny, shotgun focused on the prison and Grampa. Grampa is strapped to Tiny's back like a chil He waves a flashlight back and forth like a search beam. The group comes to a halt at a huge wooden structure.
102) 1) dialog: (handing Baby the  lantern) Hold this. Point it over here.
102) 2) text: Baby directs the light at Otis. We see that he is trying unlock a huge padlock attached to an iron door embedded i the base of the wooden structure. Otis unlocks the door and swings it open. He reaches down into the blackness and pulls up an iron hook and wench,  attached to the hook is a chain. Otis parts a section of the overgrown grass next to the p to reveal a rusty metal crank. He begins to turn the cran Slowly, from out of the pit, rises a coffin hanging from end of the chain. Otis pulls the coffin over and lays it flat on the ground He flips open the lid.
102) 3) dialog: Hey happy-boy, step your ass up here.
102) 10) dialog: Bitch, shut your mouth and get your  shit in the box.
102) 13) text: Otis pulls out a gun and points it at Jerry.
102) 14) dialog: Get in... now!
102) 21) text: Otis cocks the pistol. Jerry starts to slowly move toward the coffin.
102) 22) dialog: Christ, ain't this fucking a hoot...  alright mamma, I ain't got all fucking  night.
102) 25) dialog: It is and I can... next.
102) 27) dialog: (laughs and raises  his pistol) Where's she think she's a gonna get  to? She's gonna run all the way home.
102) 30) dialog: (rolls his eyes) Well, go get her.
103) 0) text: Otis shoves Denise into the coffin with Jerry and locks t lid shut. Through a CROSS-SHAPED OPENING in the coffin we see them crushed together. Rufus LOWERS the coffin into the pit. Once the coffin is  inside Otis slams the door shut. Otis opens a small window in the door and lowers in a lan and a small tape recorder playing music.
116) 0) text: Otis, face painted like a SKULL and wearing a priest's ro walks solemnly through the tall grass.
118) 0) text: Otis stands in front of the bound Mary, holding a pumpkin Otis places the pumpkin over Mary's head. Tiny stands behind him holding a lit torch.
123) 0) text: Rufus and Baby have pulled the police cruiser up by the s Rufus and Baby stand on the hood. Otis finishes his sermon, he raises his arm. Tiny raises torch. Otis drops his arm, signaling Tiny. Tiny throws th torch onto the stake. The stake ignites into a huge FIREB
125) 0) text: Rufus, Tiny and Baby jump up and down in celebration, sma the police car. Otis stands transfixed by the flames befo him.