62) 57) text: SCREECH! The garage door slides open. Rufus has returned.
62) 58) dialog: (interrupting) Car's done.
67) 0) text: From a long shot, we see the farmhouse in the early morni sunrise. All is still. The sound of an engine starting breaks the early morning  silence. Rufus's tow truck is seen pulling away from behi the house. The BEATEN REMAINS of Bill's car are towed beh it.
74) 0) text: We are cruising down the road. A bobbing head skeleton to glued to the dashboard wiggles with each bump in the road Behind the wheel is Rufus Jr., riding shotgun is Baby, dr in her Sunday best. The radio is blasting.
74) 2) dialog: Yeah, fun.
80) 0) text: The store is decorated for Halloween. Off to one side is a curtained room. A sign reads "XXX 8m loops", sex noises can be heard inside. Baby and Rufus stand at the counter waiting for the CASHI a skinny geek with glasses, to total up their purchases. counter is loaded with bottles. The cashier is packing the bottles into cardboard boxes.
80) 13) text: Rufus picks up the boxes from the counter. He and Baby st to walk away.
80) 21) dialog: (mutters) Aliens.
81) 0) text: Baby and Rufus exit. Rufus loads the boxes into the back the truck. Baby sits on the curb and lights a cigarette.
101) 5) text: CRASH! CRASH! CRASH! Tiny stands in a corner tunelessly  banging on a large oil drum. He is dressed like a low bud BATMAN, in grey long johns and a black bat mask and cape. A drunk Rufus, wearing a bloody police uniform, stands on table SHOUTING along to the music through a POLICE MEGAPH Mother and Baby, both dressed as SUPERHEROES, dance aroun the covered object. Both are swigging moonshine from jugs
101) 6) dialog: (shouting through  megaphone) Show me, show me, show me, show me!
101) 11) text: Rufus jumps down, begins to spin the bound captives aroun and around.
101) 12) dialog: Otis, Otis, Otis, Otis!
101) 19) text: The room goes silent. All eyes are focused on the stairs. A robed figure, Otis, appears at the top of the stairs, h begins to descend. Rufus waits at the bottom of the stairs. As Otis reaches last step Rufus hands him the megaphone. Denise, Mary and Jerry struggle to watch as they in turn  rotate past the scene unfolding.
101) 48) text: Tiny, growing restless, begins banging on his metal drum. KLANG - KLANG - KLANG. Rufus joins in, clapping his hands
101) 50) dialog: Dump in the pit, dump in the pit,  dump in the pit.
101) 51) text: Mother, Baby, Grampa join in chanting with Rufus.
102) 0) text: The rain pounds down. A heavy fog hovers over the dense g of the field. In the distance, silhouetted by moonlight, gruesome caravan slowly moves through the night. Otis, lantern in hand, leads the way. Followed by Baby an Mother together under a large black umbrella. Next Rufus  holds the leash connected to Jerry, Denise and Mary. Bringing up the rear, Tiny, shotgun focused on the prison and Grampa. Grampa is strapped to Tiny's back like a chil He waves a flashlight back and forth like a search beam. The group comes to a halt at a huge wooden structure.
102) 4) text: Rufus cuts loose Jerry, but holds him steady by the neck.
102) 7) text: Rufus cuts loose the gag.
102) 24) text: Rufus pushes Jerry into the coffin.
102) 26) text: Denise starts kicking and fighting with Rufus. Rufus trie to hold her steady, when suddenly Mary breaks free and st to run.
103) 0) text: Otis shoves Denise into the coffin with Jerry and locks t lid shut. Through a CROSS-SHAPED OPENING in the coffin we see them crushed together. Rufus LOWERS the coffin into the pit. Once the coffin is  inside Otis slams the door shut. Otis opens a small window in the door and lowers in a lan and a small tape recorder playing music.
108) 0) text: Behind the farmhouse is a camouflage jungle, an intricate system of ropes and netting is strung together to hide th many automobiles beneath. Rufus moves through the jungle. He stops and begins to re the netting from a car, it is Wydell's police cruiser. He climbs inside the car, puts on Wydell's policeman's hat a starts the engine. He drives off.
109) 0) text: Rufus is driving like a maniac through the open farmland. turns on the overhead flashing lights.
114) 0) text: Baby sees the car and raises her gun. She aims it at the driver. She waits, as the car gets closer she sees the fa of Rufus behind the wheel. She lowers the gun and begins laugh. The car stops and Baby climbs into the passenger's seat. car drives off.
120) 0) text: Baby motions to Rufus to steer the car towards the fire.
123) 0) text: Rufus and Baby have pulled the police cruiser up by the s Rufus and Baby stand on the hood. Otis finishes his sermon, he raises his arm. Tiny raises torch. Otis drops his arm, signaling Tiny. Tiny throws th torch onto the stake. The stake ignites into a huge FIREB
125) 0) text: Rufus, Tiny and Baby jump up and down in celebration, sma the police car. Otis stands transfixed by the flames befo him.