3) 2) text: Perched on a stool behind the counter sits CAPTAIN SPAULD a crusty looking old man in a filthy clown suit and smear make-up. The word LOVE is tattooed across his right knuck and HATE is tattooed across the left. He is reading the newspaper, crunching on crackers from a paper bag and halfheartedly listening to a small, nerdy m wearing coke bottle glasses named STUCKY. Stucky thumbs through a stack of autographed 8x10 photogr
3) 3) dialog: (speaking through  voicebox in his throat) I... I got back a stack today. Some  nice shots. (holds up a picture  of June Wilkinson) See, a good topless June Wilkinson...  unfortunately she personalized it... (looking at the photo) to Stucky, love June.
3) 5) dialog: Shit, this ain't worth nothing now  that my name gotten all over it. I  was a fixin' on trading it to Jackie  Cobb.
3) 7) dialog: Yeah, he's all hot on her after he  found some of his dad's old nudie  books hidden in the basement. He  keeps 'em taped inside his school  workbook.
3) 10) dialog: That kid is one horny retard.
3) 12) dialog: Well, yeah... I think that if you  knew him... I mean if you'd understand  his urges, shit the guy's like forty  or something.
3) 14) dialog: Yeah, I guess, you know next to  wacking his weasel his other favorite  thing is twisting sharpened pencils  in the corner of his eyes.
3) 16) dialog: Yeah, doesn't hurt himself, just  spins it around next to his eyeball.
3) 18) dialog: Naw, he don't do anything else with  'em, but he did get caught once with  a Planet of the Apes doll hanging  out his asshole.
3) 20) dialog: Had to take him to the hospital. Kid  had Dr. Zaius stuck half way up his  butt, couldn't get it out.
3) 22) dialog: Nova, yeah she looked pretty sweet.
3) 24) dialog: Can I get some stamps off ya? (slapping down his  money) Did you fix the toilet yet?
3) 27) text: Spaulding SLIDES the KEY attached to a cow skull across t counter. Stucky grabs it. Spaulding hangs on.
3) 29) dialog: I hear ya.
4) 0) text: From a STRANGER'S POV we watch through the window, Stucky EXIT for the restroom. Sheriff Huston finishes pumping his gas, gets in his crui and drives off.
7) 0) text: Stucky sits on the toilet pasting stamps on large yellow  envelopes. Killer Rich KICKS OPEN the stall, GRABS Stucky by the nec and PULLS him out.
8) 0) text: We move around the outside of the building watching the s inside unfold. HEAVY BREATHING is heard. Rich DRAGS Stucky into the main room.
9) 6) dialog: (recognizing Rich's  voice) Hey, I know you. We were in high  school together. Wood shop, right?  ...Richard Wick... right?
9) 7) text: He looks nervously at Stucky.
9) 11) dialog: Yeah, I remember Mr. Alacard the  shop teacher use'ta call you Little  Dick Wick. Hey, wasn't there a song  we made up to go with that?
9) 13) dialog: (singing) Little Dick Wick, play with his prick  Don't his smell, just make you sick.
10) 0) text: From Ravelli's POV we watch through the window, as everyb inside starts SHOUTING at each other. Suddenly, Rich SHOOTS Stucky. Stucky FALLS BACKWARDS agai the wall, screaming in pain. We move QUICKLY towards the entrance.