4) 0) text: What's left of Daisy's car rises in the air, ghost-like. PULL BACK reveals that the car is being hoisted by a tow and a gigantic chain and pulley operation. What's left of garage collapses like pick-up sticks. BOOLIE WERTHAN, Daisy's son, age 40, stands with a police and insurance agent in the yard. He wears a good summer business suit. A sizable part of the neighborhood, black servants, children, yard men, etc., stand silently at a respectful distance watching the proceedings.
4) 1) dialog: He looks up the hill towards his mother's house.
5) 0) text: Idella is sitting on a stool, eating fried chicken and po salad at the kitchen counter. Boolie is seated at the kit table, finishing off a plate of same. Each has a glass of tea and a paper napkin, but Idella's plate is a cracked remnant of an old pattern, her fork is from the dime stor and her tea is in a small mason jar. Boolie is eating off Daisy's everyday china and silver. Daisy is not in the ro but a THUMPING and CLUMPING 0.S. indicate that she is wit earshot. .
5) 3) dialog: Mama!
5) 5) dialog: It's a miracle you're not laying in Emory Hospital -- or decked out at the funeral parlor. He rises from the table, and heads for
5) 6) text: Daisy is in the pantry closet, having changed out of her street clothes into a house dress. She is kneeling on the floor by a large pickle crock, removing the lid, the rock holds down a plate, which, in turn, holds down the pickle their brine. She maneuvers the crock out of the closet an toward the pantry sink, waving away Boolie's efforts to h her. Once at the sink, she begins the operation of spearing pi that are already lined up by the sink and then ladling br into the jars and screwing on the jar tops. This operatio keeps her busy during the following scene. She spears the first pickle out of the crock and hands it to Boolie, who takes a bite.
5) 8) dialog: Look at you! You didn't even break your glasses.
5) 10) dialog: Mama, you had the car in the wrong gear.
5) 16) dialog: You had the car in reverse instead of drive. The police report shows that.
5) 18) dialog: Mama, cars don't behave. They are behaved upon. The fact is you, all by yourself, demolished that Packard.
5) 20) dialog: The truth is you just cost the insurance company twenty-seven hundred dollars. You are a terrible risk. Nobody is going to issue you a policy after this.
5) 24) dialog: Okay. I'd better get back to the office. Florine'll be having a fit if I don't come home on time tonight. DAISY . That's right. I forgot. Y'all are having dinner with the Ansleys tonight! I'm sure Florine bought another new dress. This is her idea of heaven on earth, isn't it?
5) 25) dialog: What? .
5) 28) dialog: Fine. I'll call first. But you know that we have got some real serious talking to do.
5) 30) dialog: Mama}!
5) 31) text: (singing to end discussion) After the ball is over After the break of morn After the dancers leaving After the stars are gone Many a heart is aching If you could read them all -- As soon as she starts singing, Daisy, having finished her pickle business, turns on her heels and walks out of the pantry. We HEAR her SINGING continue and FADE as she clim the stairs and eventually shuts the door to her room. Boolie, having lost this round, picks up the largest maso of pickles to take home. ON HIS FACE: How do I handle this?
11) 0) text: Boolie enters from the kitchen. He is wearing brand new pressed jeans with the cuffs rolled up and a plaid short- Sleeved shirt and a bandanna around his neck. It looks wr on him. FLORINE, his wife, enters behind him. She is in her middl thirties, dark-haired, slim, very fashionable, carefully up. ‘Right now she is wearing a full denim skirt down to ankles (I think they called them circle skirts) and a pla blouse exactly matching Boolie's shirt. She is also weari gold jewelry that doesn't quite go with this outfit.
11) 1) dialog: (calling upstairs) Mama? You there?
11) 9) dialog: I've been wanting to read this. He looks through it.
21) 0) text: Somebody (Florine) has tried to furnish this office well. contains a good leather couch, a couple of English-hunt-c type engravings and an expensive mahogany desk. A large V magazine~-style photograph of Florine in a fancy hat is p prominently. Also there are company picnic photographs, Boolie's Yale diploma, a Bacharach-type photograph of his father, etc. All of the above does not quite hide the fac that this room is part of an old factory. The walls are patchy, the windows are old, and the venetian blinds are grubby and sagging. 12. Boolie is at the desk and on the phone. During his phone conversation a SHARP BELL is HEARD O.S. It RINGS intermittently. He looks up, annoyed, then concerned, but continues doing his business.
21) 1) dialog: Well, I.W., you know as well as I do that The Werthan Company isn't the only printing company in Atlanta. If you want to get other bids... oh, you did. Well... that's what Ideal bid, huh?... Okay. You ever do business with Ideal before? MISS MCCLATCHEY, his secretary, all business and about 30 appears at the door. She seems distressed. He raises his hand, palm up, telling her to wait.
21) 3) dialog: (on the phone) Can you have lunch with me tomorrow? Herrens all right? Yes. Unh hunh. ‘Twelve thirty. Love to Peggy and the children. (to Miss McClatchey) What's wrong?
21) 5) dialog: Damn that thing! He gets up, leaves his office. She follows.
21) 9) dialog: You all right?
21) 11) dialog: I know. Fiddle with the lever.
21) 13) dialog: Oh, Jesus! Call Bell Elevator, Miss McClatchey.
21) 15) dialog: One! Did you tell them it's an emergency? :
21) 17) dialog: You got that stuff for Davison Paxon in there, Oscar?
21) 19) dialog: I told them they'd have it yesterday. Call Bell back! McClatchey goes off to the phone. 14.
21) 28) dialog: (to the Old Man) Excuse me, do you work here?
21) 31) dialog: (at a loss) Oh. Well, thank you. How did you know about the elevator? 15.
21) 34) dialog: Oh. Of course. Well, come on back with me to my office. Hoke, is it?
21) 36) dialog: You're not with the Avondale Dairy any more?
21) 38) dialog: *Long time.
21) 41) dialog: Yes we are. Why do you ask?
21) 43) dialog: Good to know you feel that way.
21) 45) dialog: I don't think so.
21) 47) dialog: What was her name?
21) 50) dialog: Where was that?
21) 52) dialog: (looks up, interested) I knew Judge Stone.
21) 54) dialog: You drove for Judge Stone?
21) 56) dialog: Judge Stone was a friend of my father's.
21) 58) dialog: I don't have any children. But tell me --
21) 60) dialog: I won't. Thank you. Hoke, what I'm looking for is somebody to drive my mother around.
21) 62) dialog: Well, it's a difficult situation.
21) 64) dialog: Oh no. Nothing like that. It just isn't safe for her to drive any more. I'll be frank with you. I'ma little desperate.
21) 66) dialog: Hoke, I want you to understand, my mother is a little high-strung. She doesn't want anybody driving her. But the fact is you'd be working for me. She can say anything she likes but she can't fire you. You understand?
21) 68) dialog: How does twenty dollars a week sound?
22) 0) text: A late model sedan drives up the driveway. Boolie driving Hoke in the seat beside him. Both look apprehensive. They get out of the car and walk toward the back door.
24) 0) text: The front hall. Dim light in contrast to the sun outside. Idella is going over the floor with a carpet sweeper. She singing a hymn ("Are You Washed in the Blood of the Lamb" mostly to herself. Boolie comes into the hall, Hoke behind him.
24) 1) dialog: How are you, Idella?
24) 3) dialog: Where's that vacuum cleaner I brought over here?
24) 5) dialog: (to Hoke) She won't touch it.
24) 7) dialog: It works for me.
24) 9) dialog: Where's Mama?
24) 11) dialog: I guess you know who this is.
24) 13) dialog: I'll be right back, Hoke. He heads up the steps.
25) 0) text: Boolie knocks on Daisy's closed bedroom door.
25) 1) dialog: Mama?
26) 0) text: Daisy is seated at a small desk, checkbook open, paying b She does not rise when Boolie enters. He bends over and t to kiss her cheek, but she pulls away.
26) 1) dialog: Good morning, Mama. No answer. She continues paying bills.
26) 2) dialog: All I'm asking is for you to come and say hello.
26) 4) dialog: Well, of course I do, Mama, but --
26) 6) dialog: Them? Afford them? You sound like Governor Talmadge.
26) 8) dialog: I got to get back to the plant. You might as well try to make the best of this, Mama. He leaves, shitting the door. ON DAISY'S FACE, jaw set.
27) 1) dialog: She'll be down in a while.
27) 3) dialog: In the pantry closet, I think. Good luck.
53) 4) dialog: (looking at his watch) My Lord! Florine sits back down at the table and picks up the wome page of the paper. We FOLLOW BOOLIE back to
53) 6) dialog: Good morning, Mama. What's the : matter?... No, I don't always think something's the matter when you call. It's just when you call so early in the morning... What? Mama, you're talking so fast I... What? All right. All right. I'11 come by on my way to work. I'll be there as soon as I can. He hangs up the phone. Goes back to
53) 8) dialog: I better go on over there.
53) 10) dialog: Come on, honey.
53) 12) dialog: (getting into his jacket) I eat too much anyway. And it sounds like she needs me. .
54) 0) text: Daisy, still in her bathrobe, paces back and forth, looki out of the window. In a minute or so, Boolie comes throug the door.
54) 1) dialog: I didn't expect to find you in one piece.
54) 5) dialog: Hoke? Are you sure?
54) 7) dialog: What proof?
54) 10) dialog: You mean he stole a can of salmon?
54) 12) dialog: You counted?
54) 14) dialog: Very clever, Mama. You made me miss my breakfast and be late for a meeting at the bank for a thirty-three cent can of salmon. He jams his hand into his pocket and pulls out some bills
54) 15) dialog: Here. You want thirty-three cents? Here's a dollar! Here's ten dollars! Buy a pantry full of salmon.
54) 17) dialog: One can of salmon?
54) 21) dialog: Mama!
54) 23) dialog: All right. I give up. You want to drive yourself again, you just go ahead and arrange it with the insurance company. Take your blessed trolley. Buy yourself a taxicab. Anything you want. Just leave me out of it.
55) 0) text: Idella and Hoke walking up the driveway to work. Both are wearing coats. They see Boolie's car in the driveway.
56) 2) dialog: Hoke, I think we have to have a talk.
61) 5) dialog: Be right there! And we FOLLOW HIM through the back hall to the
61) 10) dialog: (the peacemaker) I'm sure we can manage, Katie Bell.
61) 13) dialog: (to Katie Bell) I'll call Mama. She has the whole Piggly Wiggly in her pantry. Katie Bell smiles weakly, a little cheered. Boolie goes t the
61) 15) dialog: Mama? Merry Christmas. Listen, do Florine a favor, all right? She's having a fit and the grocery store is closed today. You got a package of coconut in your pantry? ... Would you bring it when you come? Many thanks. See you anon, Mama. Ho ho ho! He hangs up the phone and bounds up the CURVED STAIRWAY, baby-blue carpeting, calling as he goes: 51.
61) 16) dialog: Honey! Hey, Honey! He enters the
61) 18) dialog: Florine! Florine!
61) 21) dialog: Your ambrosia's saved. Mama's got the coconut!
61) 23) dialog: (his face clouding) Damn it, Florine! I told you I don't like all this sniping at Mama. She's an old lady, for God's sake! Florine's eyes flash and she starts to speak, but changes mind and smiles coquettishly.
61) 25) dialog: Of course okay. He smiles and kisses her, a kiss reflected in her many mirrors. 52.
65) 0) text: Daisy's car in lightish Saturday traffic on a main street Hoke is driving, Boolie sitting beside him in the front s
68) 1) dialog: Did Mama tell you this new car has air conditioning?
69) 1) dialog: You know how Mama fought me, but it's time for a trade. I bet both of you will miss the old one, though.
69) 3) dialog: Oh, come on. You're the only one that's driven it all this time. Aren't you a little sorry to see it go?
69) 6) dialog: For how much?
69) 10) dialog: We'll be right in, Red. Mitchell heads back towards the building. Boolie walks Ho .little ways away.
69) 11) dialog: For God's sake! Why didn't you just buy it right from Mama? You'd have saved money. 58.
69) 13) dialog: It's a good car, all right. I guess nobody knows that better than you.
69) 15) dialog: Mighty nice of you.
70) 0) text: Boolie, holding the keys to the new car and his copy of t papers, shakes hands with Red Mitchell at the door. Hoke follows him out the door, holding his own set of papers. Mitchell waves and goes back inside. Boolie lights a cigarette.
70) 1) dialog: You want to drive the new one home?
70) 3) dialog: Why the hell not?
74) 13) text: Yes. It's fragile. I'11 hold it on the seat with me. Hoke is loading the trunk under Daisy's careful supervisi Boolie's car pulls up the driveway. Boolie, dressed ina business suit and carrying a small wrapped gift, gets out his car and kisses his mother's cheek.
74) 15) dialog: T thought you were leaving at quarter of.
74) 18) dialog: Florine sent this for Uncle Walter. r He holds out the gift. Daisy recoils from it.
74) 19) dialog: Well, it's not a snake, Mama. I think it's note paper.
74) 21) dialog: Maybe it's soap.
74) 23) dialog: Don't start up, Mama. I cannot go to Mobile with you. I have to go to New York tonight for the convention.
74) 25) dialog: Just leave Florine out of it. She wrote away for those tickets eight Months ago.
74) 27) dialog: Mama!
74) 29) dialog: I can't talk to you when you're like this. Daisy has gotten herself into the car. The two gifts and lunch and her purse and her map are on the seat beside. S sits straight in the seat, ready to travel.
74) 31) dialog: You'll be there. I've got to talk to Hoke a minute. He takes Hoke out of Daisy's hearing.
74) 33) dialog: (to Hoke) I don't know how you're going to Stand all day in the car.
74) 35) dialog: Here's fifty dollars in case you run into trouble. Don't show it to Mama. You've got your map. 64.
74) 37) dialog: I'll be at the Ambassador Hotel in New York. On Park Avenue.
74) 39) dialog: You ought to have a job on the radio announcing the time.
74) 41) dialog: Congratulate Uncle Walter for me. And kiss everybody in Mobile. Hoke gets in the car and starts up the engine.
74) 45) dialog: Goodbye! Good luck! (to himself) Good God!
85) 0) text: A standard twin-bedded double room. Nicely furnished, but very large. A room air conditioner hums away. White gauzy curtains billow in front of it. Open suitcases on the lug rack and bureau. Boolie, wearing boxer shorts, undershirt, long socks and garters, is stretched out on one of the beds, talking on telephone, which sits on a table between the beds. During his conversation, Florine emerges from the bathroo She is dressed in her best evening outfit -- a killer of summer city dress (a sack dress? one with a balloon skirt whatever Kay Kendall would have worn in 1957).
85) 1) dialog: Yes. I'm calling Mobile, Alabama. Adams 4-7893. That's Adams. I don't know what digits. Wait a minute. 23. 234-7893. Person to person. Mr. Walter Woolf. No, wait, Operator. Make that station to station. (to Florine) It'll take forever to get Uncle Walter to the phone. Florine, intent on her mirror image, shrugs.
85) 2) dialog: (on the phone) Yeah. Hey! Is this Slick? Hey, Slick! It's Boolie! Unh hunh. Congratulations on your Dad's big day. 72.
86) 0) text: An unpretentious, comfortable Mobile living room -- not n as well-to-do as Daisy's house in Atlanta. SLICK, Uncle Walter's son, is a sixtyish small man, dressed in short-s white shirt, no tie, etc. He is talking on the phone with Boolie. In the b.g. are UNCLE WALTER, blind and ninety, b the possessor of great vitality. He happens to strongly resemble his sister, Daisy. He is ensconced in his favori living room chair, a pile of wrapped presents, Daisy's included, on a table nearby. He is surrounded by various children, grandchildren and relatives, including Daisy an Slightly older sister, NONIE. Slick is having trouble hearing Boolie over the b.g. NOIS
87) 1) dialog: (on phone) Fine. How is Hoke? —
91) 0) text: The early stages of construction. Concrete poured on firs floor and I-beams being put in place. Boolie, wearing har hat and expensive suit, talking to CONSTRUCTION WORKERS. Boolie is a bit paunchier and balder.
91) 1) dialog: Eddie, are you telling me you're going over already?
91) 3) dialog: I'm prepared to spend exactly what's in the contract and not one dime more.
91) 6) dialog: (to Hoke) Isn't it your day off? To what do I owe this honor?
91) 8) dialog: Well, let me show you around. They move around to a
91) 10) dialog: (pointing up at empty air) Right there's gonna be my office. One hell of a view.
91) 12) dialog: You don't seem real interested. .
91) 14) dialog: What is it?
91) 16) dialog: My cousin Sinclair?
91) 18) dialog: Jeanette? :
91) 20) dialog: She’s from Canton, Ohio. 76.
91) 22) dialog: What?
91) 24) dialog: I'll be damned!
91) 26) dialog: I'll be God damned!
91) 28) dialog: I see. And did you?
91) 30) dialog: Name your salary.
91) 32) dialog: But she got you to thinkin', didn't she? :
91) 34) dialog: Come on back in my office. They head back inside the factory. 77.
92) 0) text: The same space as before, but serious redecoration has occurred. It is now furnished with the latest blonde maho desk, coffee table, side piece, etc. The wall-to-wall carpeting and drapes are new, too. And there is a new fas photo of Florine placed prominently. She has Mamie Eisenh bangs in it. Boolie sits at his desk, puts his feet up an motions Hoke to sit.
92) 1) dialog: Name your salary.
92) 3) dialog: Well, how does $65 a week sound?
92) 5) dialog: So it does. Beginning this week.
92) 7) dialog: No.
94) 0) text: This is a fairly small church, humble in contrast to Dais Temple we have seen earlier. The sanctuary is about half- filled at the moment. A funeral is in progress. A BLACK CHOIR MEMBER - A TEEN-AGED GIRL, with a particula strong voice, is singing "What a Friend we Have in Jesus. She wears a choir robe. She is standing with the rest of choir, but this is the solo part of the service. A MINISTER, also black and also robed, stands nearby, jus behind a simple coffin. A SHOT OF THE SANCTUARY reveals that the entire populatio black, except for three white people in the rear -- Daisy Boolie and Florine. Hoke is sitting in the pew with them, the aisle, next to Boolie. Everyone in the congregation h a printed program of events. ON THE THREE WHITE FACES, a part of the service, but not part. Florine wears a stylish suit, Daisy has on a black with a veil. She looks straight ahead at the singer, her showing no emotion. Only Hoke's face expresses his feelin as the four watch the solemn proceedings.
95) 0) text: For the first time, the kitchen looks a bit out of date, shabby. The linoleum is clean, but a little chipped and scruffy. An electric fry pan sits on one of the counters, . Clearly a concession to Boolie because it is shiny new ebviously never used. - Daisy is frying chicken in a large black cast iron skille The cut-up chicken is on the counter as is the paper bag of flour. She shakes the chicken in the bag, then places in the hot oil skillet. Hoke appears behind her, watching critically. Eventually cannot contain himself and speaks. 80.
99) 30) dialog: How in the hell did he manage that?
99) 32) dialog: Hello? (to Florine) I must have the wrong number. I never heard Mama say loving things about Hoke before.
99) 34) dialog: (winking at Florine) Uh huh.
100) 0) text: A traffic jam is in progress. Cars standing still, HORNS BLARING, irritability in the air. It is early fall, but h and humid. One of the cars in the stalled lane is Daisy's. It's a ca haven't seen before -- a Cadillac sedan (circa 1960). All Daisy's cars, subsequent to the first Cadillac, are virtu the same -- all "Cadillac blue" -- but, of course, Boolie trades them in every two or three years -- a matter of eq At the moment Daisy is alone in her car, fanning herself her handkerchief, and out of sorts. She is wearing a hat gloves. Hoke, walking against the traffic, reaches Daisy's car. H earrying his jacket. He leans into the car.
104) 0) text: 1966 The entire top floor of a mid-sixties Atlanta skyscraper a panoramic view. This is a businessman's club/restaurant furnished appropriately with leather chairs, paneled wall portraits of past presidents, etc. There is an honorary luncheon in progress. Boolie, the honoree, sits at the center of a raised table on a dais. to him is Florine, dressed in a fashionable mini-dress an Courreges white boots. Next to her is Daisy in her best dress. . WELLBORN ARKWRIGHT, the president of the Commerce Club, i standing in his place, on the other side of Florine, hold large engraved silver bowl, and beckoning to Boolie. Gene applause. Boolie rises, takes the trophy, and approaches microphone. A cameraman gets off a few shots.
104) 1) dialog: Thank you, Wellborn. And thank you all. I am deeply grateful to be chosen Man of the Year by the Atlanta Business Council -- an honor I've seen bestowed on some mighty fine fellas and which I certainly never expected to come to me. I'm afraid the loss here -- (he touches his hair) -- and the gain here -- (he pats his belly) -- have given me an air of competence I don't possess. But I'll tell you, I sure wish my father and grandfather could see this. Seventy-two years ago they opened a little hole-in-the-wall shop on Whitehall Street with one printing press. (MORE)
104) 3) dialog: They managed to grow with Atlanta and to this day, the Werthan Company believes we want what Atlanta wants. This award proves we must be right. Thank you. He holds up his trophy. Applause. He starts back to his s but thinks better of it.
104) 4) dialog: One more thing. If the Jackets whup the Dogs up in Athens Saturday afternoon, I'll be a completely happy man. Laughs, lighter applause. Boolie shakes Wellborn's hand, goes back to his place. He kisses a delighted Florine. Another flash bulb or two.
106) 0) text: Boolie comes through the back door on his way home from w The end of the same day. The house is quiet.
106) 1) dialog: Mama? Where are you?
106) 4) dialog: How are you feeling, Mama?
106) 6) dialog: Well, you look fine.
106) 8) dialog: Miss McClatchey gave me your message.
106) 10) dialog: Thank you very much.
106) 12) dialog: Mama, we have to talk about this.
106) 14) dialog: The feasibility of all this.
106) 16) dialog: You know, I believe Martin Luther King has done some mighty fine things. 90.
106) 18) dialog: I want to go. You know how I feel about him.
106) 20) dialog: Florine has nothing to do with it. I still have to conduct business in this town.
106) 22) dialog: Not exactly. But a lot of men I do business with wouldn't like it. They might snicker a little and call me Martin Luther Werthan behind my back -- something like that. And I'd begin to notice that my banking business wasn't being handled by the top dogs. Maybe I wouldn't hear about certain lunch meetings at the Commerce Club. And Jack Raphael, over at Ideal Press, he's a New York Jew instead of a Georgia Jew and the really smart Jews come from New York, don't they? So some of the boys might start throwing business to Jack instead of old Martin Luther Werthan. I don't know. Maybe it wouldn't happen, but that's the way it works. If we don't use those seats, somebody else will and the good Dr. King will never know the difference, will he?
106) 24) dialog: Mama, you can do whatever you want.
106) 28) dialog: Okay. Why don't you ask Hoke to go to the dinner with you? DAISY . Hoke? Don't be ridiculous! He wouldn't go!
106) 29) dialog: Ask him and see. ON DAISY'S FACE, looking up from her desk, clearly challe
121) 0) text: The new wing is finished and Boolie's office is very gran Florine has really gone wild furnishing it. Lots of chrom and glass and large expanses of window. A framed, signed photo of Richard Nixon sits on Boolie's desk with the oth mementoes. Boolie has longer sideburns, less hair and mor belly. He is in his early sixties -- pink, healthy, beautifully dressed.
121) 1) dialog: Hey, Hoke! What can I do for you this morning?
123) 1) dialog: I'll be right there.
128) 0) text: The room is almost empty. Most couple of moving cartons are in containing objects wrapped in newspaper. been taken down, but we can see wallpaper has aged around them. Boolie, 65 now, is checking one as Hoke comes through the hall. gait. by a well-dressed BLACK WOMAN A late model Mercedes Benz is parked gets out of the car. The shoos her away and goes in the
128) 4) dialog: Well, hey Hoke! Good to see you! You didn't drive yourself out here?
128) 6) dialog: My Lord! Is she old enough to drive? 104.
128) 8) dialog: I never knew that.
128) 10) dialog: I've taken most of what I want out of the house. Is there anything you'd like before the Goodwill comes?
128) 12) dialog: It feels funny to sell the house while Mama's still alive.
128) 14) dialog: But she hasn't even been inside the door for two years now.
128) 16) dialog: I'm not going to say anything to her about it.
128) 18) dialog: I suppose you don't get out to see Mama very much.
128) 20) dialog: I'm sure she appreciates it.
128) 24) dialog: Well, we'd better get on out there. I guess you have a turkey dinner to get to and so do I. Why don't we call your granddaughter and tell her I'll run you home. ~ -
129) 0) text: Traveling on a modern expressway. Boolie driving, Hoke in passenger seat.
129) 1) dialog: By the way, Hoke. Your check is going to keep coming every week -- as long as you're there to get it.
129) 3) dialog: You can rest easy about it. -
130) 0) text: A modern, impersonal, but well-kept structure -- mostly s and glass, eight or ten stories high. The parking lot is fairly full. Boolie's Mercedes pulls into a space. Boolie and Hoke emerge. They walk towards the front door, Boolie holding Hoke's arm.
132) 0) text: A large, one-bedded room with a large glass window. Throu the window is a pleasant view of a young piney woods and clay bank. The room consists of a hospital bed, a hospita bureau, and a couple of chairs. There are several housepl on the window sill, the only personal touch in the room. Daisy emerges from the bathroom wearing a neat housecoat. is ninety-seven years old. She is fragile now, walking wi walker. Her hair is neatly fixed and her face composed. S makes her way slowly to the chair by the window. When she almost there, we HEAR a KNOCK at the door. She does not answer, but continues toward the chair. Boolie peers through the door and enters the room. Hoke follows.
132) 1) dialog: Happy Thanksgiving, Mama. Look who I brought. She looks toward Hoke. Boolie helps her into her chair.
132) 4) dialog: She certainly is. She goes to jewelry making -- how many times a week is it, Mama? She makes all kinds of things. Pins and bracelets. She's a regular Tiffanys.
132) 6) dialog: Hoe, you know I thought of you the other morning on the Expressway. I Saw an Avondale milk truck.
132) 8) dialog: A big monster of a thing, must've had sixteen wheels. I wonder how you'd have liked driving that around.
132) 11) dialog: Florine says to wish you a happy Thanksgiving. She's in Washington, you know. (no response) _ You remember, Mama. She's a ~ Republican National Committee Woman now.
132) 14) dialog: What is it, Mama?
132) 16) dialog: (to Hoke) She wants you all to herself. . You're a doodle, Mama. § aa He leaves the room. Daisy dozes for a minute in her chair Then she looks at Hoke. ae