1) 0) text: A precise, orderly room. Comfortable and well maintained, not. fancy or trendy. Venetian blinds are drawn against t hot August sun. The room seems to be in repose. Suddenly face of DAISY WERTHAN appears, looking directly at us. Sh straightens the straw hat on her head. We realize we have been looking at a mirror image of the room. Daisy is seventy-two years old and apparently in excellen health. She wears a summer street dress, low-heeled white shoes and appropriate summer jewelry -- no makeup. She does not dwell on her mirror image, once the hat is adjusted. She reaches into a bureau drawer, takes out a p of white gloves, gets her pocket book from the closet and walks purposefully out of the room.
2) 0) text: A spacious, black-and-white tiled kitchen -- pre-W.W.I in dimension. The only sign of the times is a fairly modern range. ‘ IDELLA, black and close to Daisy's age, stands at the sin under the window, polishing silver with an old toothbrush She does not look up, or in any way acknowledge Daisy's entrance into the kitchen. Daisy removes a shopping list from a cabinet drawer.
2) 1) dialog: I'm gone to the market, Idelia.
3) 0) text: Bright hot sunlight, the yard shimmering in the morning h We can SEE the outside of the house now -- Georgian, buil the teens, comfortable, but not pretentious. Green canvas awnings protect the house from the sun. DAISY walks to the garage, a separate building, built for cars, but only holding one -- a shiny new 1948 Packard. S climbs into the car.
3) 3) text: Daisy's severely damaged car sits in (on) what's left of garage. All is still.
3) 4) dialog: Still in the car, still clutching the wheel with gloved h Her hat is crooked and her glasses are askew, but otherwi she is unhurt. She tests the door handle. It works. She pushes the door open, extracts her purse from the car and out.
4) 0) text: What's left of Daisy's car rises in the air, ghost-like. PULL BACK reveals that the car is being hoisted by a tow and a gigantic chain and pulley operation. What's left of garage collapses like pick-up sticks. BOOLIE WERTHAN, Daisy's son, age 40, stands with a police and insurance agent in the yard. He wears a good summer business suit. A sizable part of the neighborhood, black servants, children, yard men, etc., stand silently at a respectful distance watching the proceedings.
5) 0) text: Idella is sitting on a stool, eating fried chicken and po salad at the kitchen counter. Boolie is seated at the kit table, finishing off a plate of same. Each has a glass of tea and a paper napkin, but Idella's plate is a cracked remnant of an old pattern, her fork is from the dime stor and her tea is in a small mason jar. Boolie is eating off Daisy's everyday china and silver. Daisy is not in the ro but a THUMPING and CLUMPING 0.S. indicate that she is wit earshot. .
5) 2) dialog: No!
5) 4) dialog: No!
5) 6) text: Daisy is in the pantry closet, having changed out of her street clothes into a house dress. She is kneeling on the floor by a large pickle crock, removing the lid, the rock holds down a plate, which, in turn, holds down the pickle their brine. She maneuvers the crock out of the closet an toward the pantry sink, waving away Boolie's efforts to h her. Once at the sink, she begins the operation of spearing pi that are already lined up by the sink and then ladling br into the jars and screwing on the jar tops. This operatio keeps her busy during the following scene. She spears the first pickle out of the crock and hands it to Boolie, who takes a bite.
5) 7) dialog: The cucumbers are pretty this summer.
5) 9) dialog: It was the car's fault.
5) 13) dialog: Well, I'm putting up a jar for you to take home to William, you hear?
5) 15) dialog: That's because he has more sense than you do.
5) 17) dialog: You should have let me keep my LaSalle. It never ‘would have behaved this way.
5) 19) dialog: Think what you want. I know the truth.
5) 21) dialog: You're just saying that to be hateful.
5) 23) dialog: I love having you here for lunch, son, but if you're going to stand in my pantry and lie like a rug, well, I think it's time for you to go somewhere else.
5) 26) dialog: Socializing with Episcopalians. BOOLIE . You're a doodle, Mama. I'11 stop by tomorrow evening.
5) 27) dialog: How do you know I'll be here? I'm certainly not dependent on you for company.
5) 31) text: (singing to end discussion) After the ball is over After the break of morn After the dancers leaving After the stars are gone Many a heart is aching If you could read them all -- As soon as she starts singing, Daisy, having finished her pickle business, turns on her heels and walks out of the pantry. We HEAR her SINGING continue and FADE as she clim the stairs and eventually shuts the door to her room. Boolie, having lost this round, picks up the largest maso of pickles to take home. ON HIS FACE: How do I handle this?
6) 0) text: Daisy, wearing a light summer dressing gown, raises the blinds. Sunlight floods the room and she looks out of the window.
8) 0) text: Daisy looks grim.
9) 0) text: Daisy, now dressed, is on the phone.
9) 1) dialog: (on the phone) Well, I need you now! I have to be at the beauty shop in half an hour! -.. No, I most certainly did not know you had to call a minimum of two hours ahead. I don't know why you call yourself a taxicab company if you can't provide taxicabs! ON IDELLA, standing in the dining room doorway with a dus rag in her hand, listening.
9) 3) dialog: That won't be necessary. I'll cancel the appointment and fix my own hair.
11) 3) dialog: Why didn't you call?
11) 5) dialog: (sizing up the outfits) So I gather.
11) 8) dialog: That's not exactly the word I'd pick. Boolie takes the book out of her hand.
11) 11) dialog: No thank you. I will go to the library on the streetcar. Boolie, getting angry, starts to say something, but Flori puts a hand on his arm to calm him.
11) 12) dialog: Go on now. You don't want to _ keep the horses waiting. ON BOOLIE, exasperated.
12) 0) text: Daisy, dressed in hat and gloves, and carrying the librar book, walks down the driveway towards the street.
13) 0) text: Daisy, a young black maid, and a couple of others are wai at the bus stop. A City of Atlanta bus pulls up to the st A couple of passengers emerge from the rear door. The wai passengers enter the bus, Daisy first, in deference to he age, sex, and color.
14) 0) text: Daisy puts in correct fare, squeezes into a seat between country woman and a high school girl. 10. The black maid, the last one aboard, goes to the back of bus, where there are black people standing and no seats. front of the bus has seats available.
17) 0) text: The checkout desk. The young LIBRARIAN is stamping Daisy' books.
17) 2) dialog: You're a sweet thing, Miss Jensen. The Librarian reaches under the counter and pulls out the book. It is enormous, more than a thousand pages.
17) 4) dialog: Well, thank you very much. She turns from the desk and heads out the door, carrying huge book in the cradle of her arm.
18) 0) text: The store is busy with shoppers. The PRODUCE MANAGER gree Daisy, who has her library book, her purse, and her glove the shopping cart.
18) 4) dialog: Just the three.
19) 0) text: Daisy walking up the driveway, not quite so briskly, lugg her parcels. CLOSEUP OF HER FACE. JAW SET.
23) 0) text: Daisy seen in the window watching the arrival. She is not smiling.
25) 0) text: Boolie knocks on Daisy's closed bedroom door.
25) 2) dialog: Come in.
26) 0) text: Daisy is seated at a small desk, checkbook open, paying b She does not rise when Boolie enters. He bends over and t to kiss her cheek, but she pulls away.
26) 3) dialog: Now you listen here. Unless they rewrote the Constitution and didn't tell me, I still have rights. And one of my rights is to invite who I want -- not who you want -- into my house. You do accept the fact that this is my house? 21.
26) 5) dialog: What I do not want -- and absolutely will not have is some -- some chauffeur sitting in my kitchen, gobbling up my food, running up my Phone bill. Oh, I hate all that in My house. On Forsyth Street we couldn't afford them and we did for ourselves. That's still the best way if you ask me.
26) 7) dialog: Why, Boolie! What a thing to say! I'm not prejudiced! Aren't you ashamed.
28) 0) text: Hoke is standing on the stepladder, dusting the lightbulb the ceiling fixture. Daisy comes into the room.
28) 1) dialog: Here! What do you think you're doing?
28) 3) dialog: That's the silliest thing I ever saw in my life. Who cares if light bulbs are dusty? Get down from there.
28) 5) dialog: And put that ladder away before somebody trips on it.
30) 0) text: Hoke is standing on the landing studying the framed pictu on the wall. CLOSEUP framed photo turn-of-the-century fifth grade clas teacher, young Daisy, in Gibson Girl blouse. Daisy comes into the hall from her bedroom.
30) 1) dialog: What are you doing there?
30) 3) dialog: Yes.
30) 5) dialog: I don't want you nosing through my things. She goes back into her room.
31) 2) dialog: All right, Idella. See you tomorrow.
31) 4) dialog: Good! Idella and Hoke exchange looks and head out the door. 24.
32) 0) text: The side of the house. Hoke is kneeling down examining a of flowers. He has a trowel in his hand. Daisy appears in a first floor window.
32) 2) dialog: You leave my flower bed alone.
33) 0) text: Daisy and Idella, wearing aprons, stand at the counter. D is making chili sauce. Idella is washing up after her. Peeled tomatoes, onions, etc., wait on the counter. At th moment she is boiling mason jars in a huge kettle. Hoke c in from the back porch.
33) 2) dialog: If I want a vegetable garden I'll plant it for myself.
33) 4) dialog: Go back where you belong...
33) 6) dialog: No thank you. 25. She forks a boiling jar out of the cauldron. End of conversation. She gives a small smile of triumph to Idell
34) 0) text: The flowerbed. Daisy, wearing a gardening hat, is on her knees weeding the flowerbed. Hoke walks up the driveway a sees her.
34) 2) dialog: Good morning.
34) 5) dialog: I wouldn't know. I was asleep.
34) 7) dialog: That's my business.
35) 0) text: A brand new Oldsmobile sedan is parked in the garage. Hok goes into the garage and is getting into the car. Daisy c up behind him.
35) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
35) 3) dialog: Why? I'm not going anywhere. 26.
35) 6) dialog: What for? It isn't dirty. It's never even been out of the garage.
35) 8) dialog: I don't want you touching my car. You understand? He reluctantly gets out of the car.
35) 10) dialog: That's your affair. Hoke goes off towards the back door, a sad stoop to his shoulders. Daisy watches him with some satisfaction. Then she goes back to attack her flowerbed.
36) 0) text: Very sunny. Daisy sits on one of the porch chairs, readin the morning paper. Idella enters from the house.
36) 2) dialog: We are? IDELLA . Yassum and we low on silver polish, too.
36) 3) dialog: I know... I'm fixin' to go to the Piggly Wiggly on the trolley. Hoke emerges from the house where he has been listening. 27.
36) 5) dialog: No, thank you. She puts the paper down and walks through the LIVING ROOM to the FRONT HALL where her straw hat sits on the hall commode. has followed her and they talk as she pins her hat on her and gathers her purse and gloves. Idella, in b.g., is straightening the living room.
36) 7) dialog: That's his problem.
36) 9) dialog: You leave my things alone! (calls to the living room) I'm gone to the market, Idella!
37) 0) text: Bright, hot sunlight. Daisy walking briskly toward the driveway, Hoke following.
37) 2) dialog: That's your opinion. 28.
37) 4) dialog: I don't need you. I don't want you. And I don't like you saying I'm rich.
37) 6) dialog: Is that what you and Idella talk about in the kitchen? Oh, I hate all this! I hate being discussed behind my back in my own house! I was born on Forsyth Street and believe you me I know the value of a penny. My brother, Manny, brought home a white cat one day and Papa said we couldn't keep it because we couldn't afford to feed it. My sisters saved up money so I could go . to school and be a teacher. We didn't have anything!
37) 7) text: Yassum, but look like you doin' all right now. If looks could kill, Hoke would now be dead. Daisy has no reached the street, and walks as briskly as she can up th sidewalk. Hoke retreats toward the house. Daisy sees this and smiles slightly to herself.
38) 0) text: Heavily green trees dapple the sunlight on this quiet morning. Daisy continues up the sidewalk, unaware that Ho is behind her in the car. He idles along slowly behind he until she is aware of his presence. She continues walking he creeps along beside her during the following.
38) 1) dialog: (horrified) What are you doing?
38) 4) dialog: (polite and mortified) Oh, just a little shopping. She continues up the sidewalk, Hoke keeping pace with her
38) 5) dialog: Go away! I've ridden the trolley with groceries plenty of times.
38) 7) dialog: How much does he pay you?
38) 9) dialog: Anything over seven dollars a week is robbery. Highway robbery.
38) 11) dialog: All right, the Piggly Wiggly. And then home. Nowhere else. ° HOKE Yassum. He stops the car, hops out and goes around to open the do for her, but she is too quick for him and gets in by hers Hoke goes back around to his door and starts to get in. 30.
38) 12) dialog: Wait. You don't know how to run this car!
38) 14) dialog: Any fool but me, apparently.
38) 16) dialog: The idea! Hoke presses the accelerator and the car moves on down th street.
39) 0) text: Hoke in a wonderful mood. Daisy in full bristle on the ba seat.
41) 1) dialog: I'm nobody's fool, Hoke.
41) 3) dialog: I can see the speedometer as well as you can.
41) 5) dialog: My husband taught me to run a car.
41) 7) dialog: I still remember everything he said. So don't you think for even a second that you can -- wait! You're speeding! I see it!
41) 9) dialog: I like to go under the speed limit.
41) 11) dialog: The slower you go, the more you save on gas. My husband told me that.
41) 13) dialog: Is this your car?
41) 15) dialog: Do you pay for the gas?
41) 17) dialog: All right then. My fine son may think I'm losing my abilities, but I am still in control of what goes on in my car. Where are you going?
41) 19) dialog: Then why didn't you turn on Highland Avenue? 32.
41) 21) dialog: I know where it is and I want to go to it the way I always go. On Highland Avenue.
41) 23) dialog: Go back! Go back this minute!
41) 25) dialog: Go back I said! If you don't go back I'll get out of this car and walk!
41) 27) dialog: This is. wrong! Where are you taking me? . .
41) 29) dialog: This is wrong. You have to go back to Highland Avenue.
41) 31) dialog: I have been driving to the Piggly Wiggly since they put it up and opened it for business! This isn't the way! Go back! Go back this minute!
41) 33) dialog: Get ready to turn.
41) 35) dialog: Look out! There's a little boy behind that shopping cart!
41) 37) dialog: Pull in next to the blue car.
41) 39) dialog: Next to the blue car! I don't park in the sun! It fades the upholstery!
41) 41) dialog: Wait a minute. Give me the car keys.
41) 43) dialog: Stay right here by the car. And you don't have to tell everybody my business.
43) 0) text: Daisy, pushing cart, spots Hoke on the phone, through the large plate glass window.
45) 0) text: It is fall now, gray skies and leaves off the trees. A Werthan Company panel truck is parked in Daisy's driveway
46) 3) dialog: What's so funny?
46) 5) dialog: Oscar and Junior have been doing my fall cleaning for fifteen years and they never carried on before. Leave them alone.
46) 7) dialog: And put your coat on. We're late.
46) 9) dialog: Idella! I'm gone to Temple!
47) 0) text: We are in the large sanctuary of the Temple, the Atlanta Reform Jewish Congregation. The building was designed in twenties, and somehow this sanctuary carries a ‘sense of Bible as interpreted by C.B. DeMille. The room has a very large chandelier, lots of large windows, and is decorated white walls and gold relief work. The Arc for the Torah itself is all gold relief work. The whole place gives off scent of well-being and not too much religious warmth. . We are approaching the end of the Saturday morning servic The RABBI, who prefers to call himself DR. WEIL, is condu the service in a morning coat. There are no yarmulkes or other Jewish paraphernalia in sight. The sanctuary is sparsely populated this (and every) Satu morning. In the front couple of rows sit the Confirmation Class, some thirty or so tenth-graders who have to appear every Saturday in order to get confirmed at the end of th year. They are standard issue high school sophomores, dressed w and appropriately for a religious service. None of them s very interested in the service. Some look just plain bore others are miles away, and still others (girls) are passi notes and/or giggling. Most of the rest of the room is empty. There are a few worshippers in pairs or alone scattered throughout. 36. The last few rows are more populated. Here are the older members of the congregation, mostly widows, some older me and a few grown sons/daughters. Daisy is in the next to t last row, sitting very straight in the pew, her back not touching the seat.
48) 0) text: The front elevator of the building. It is a clear autumn Daisy, Miriam and Beulah come out of the building. Daisy wearing her little social smile, which suddenly vanishes her face.
49) 0) text: Her car, Hoke standing politely by the passenger door in rear, is directly in front of the building. A couple of o chauffeur-driven sedans are behind it. Daisy scurries down the steps as fast as she can. She wav goodbye to her friends, gets in the car, sitting up very straight and making sure she slams the door for herself.
49) 1) dialog: I can get myself in. Just go. Hurry up out of here!
50) 1) dialog: I didn't say speed. I said get me away from here.
50) 3) dialog: No.
50) 5) dialog: No. . (a beat) Yes.
50) 7) dialog: You had the car parked right in front of the front door of the Temple! Like I was the Queen of Romania! Everybody saw you! Didn't I tell you to wait for me in the back?
50) 9) dialog: You made me look like a fool. A g.d. fool.
50) 11) dialog: Slow down. Miriam and Beulah and them, I could see what they were thinking when we came out of services.
50) 13) dialog: That I'm trying to pretend I'm rich.
50) 15) dialog: No I'm not. And nobody can ever say I put on airs. On Forsyth Street we only had meat once a week. We made a meal off of grits and gravy. I taught the fifth grade at the Crew Street School. I did without plenty of times, I can tell you.
50) 17) dialog: You! Why do I talk to you? You don't understand me. 39.
50) 19) dialog: That's vulgar! Don't talk to me! Hoke. mutters something under his breath.
50) 20) dialog: What? What did you say? I heard that!
51) 0) text: Pitch black dark. Suddenly an electric light snaps on. We are in Daisy's DINING ROOM. It is very early in the morni Daisy is wearing her winter bathrobe and warm slippers. S is concerned. We SEE her go through the drawers of her buffet. She isn't finding what she's looking for. We FOLL DAISY into
51) 1) text: where she pulls an overhead light string. The pantry is a walk-in closet. There are numerous cans and preserved goo on the shelves. Daisy looks at the cans, suddenly pushes ox two aside. Suddenly there is an odd look of triumph on ace.
54) 0) text: Daisy, still in her bathrobe, paces back and forth, looki out of the window. In a minute or so, Boolie comes throug the door.
54) 2) dialog: I wanted you to be here when he comes. I wanted you to hear it for yourself.
54) 4) dialog: He's stealing from me.
54) 6) dialog: I don't make empty accusations. I have proof!
54) 8) dialog: This! She triumphantly pulls an empty can of salmon out of her pocket. 42.
54) 9) dialog: I caught him red-handed! I found this hidden in the garbage pail under some coffee grounds.
54) 11) dialog: Here it is! Oh, I knew. I knew something was funny. They all take things, you know. So I counted.
54) 13) dialog: The silverware first and then the linen dinner napkins and then I went into the pantry. I turned on the light and the first thing that caught my eye was a hole behind the corned beef. And I knew right away. There were only eight cans of salmon. I had nine. Three for a dollar on sale.
54) 16) dialog: Why, Boolie! The idea! Waving money at me like I don't know what! I don't want the money. I want my things.
54) 18) dialog: Well, it was mine! I bought it and I put it there and he went into my pantry and just took it and he never said a word. I leave him plenty of food every day and I always tell him exactly what it is. They are like having children in the house. (MORE )
54) 20) dialog: They want something so they just take it. Not a smidgin of manners. No conscience. He'll never admit this. "Nome,"" he'll say. "I doan know nothin' ‘bout that." And I don't like it! I don't like living this way! I have no privacy!
54) 22) dialog: Go ahead. Defend him. You always do.
54) 24) dialog: Boolie...
56) 7) dialog: Yes, thank you, Hoke.
56) 9) dialog: (trying for dignity) Well, I got to get dressed now. "Bye, son, She pecks Boolie on the cheek and heads up the stairs. He looks after her with a little smile breaking across his f
57) 0) text: It is Saturday afternoon. Daisy sits in a comfortable cha She is listening to a period console RADIO which sits on nearby table. It's the Saturday broadcast of the Met. The sextet from "Lucia di Lammermoor" is BLASTING forth and D hums along happily as she does a bit of crewel work. Hoke passing in the hall, stands a minute in the open door fra smiling at what he sees.
58) 0) text: A full, fuzzy-green, warm morning. Although this is a cemetery, it is not depressing -- not today, anyway, in t bright sunlight. The red-clay Georgia soil looks particul soft. Daisy's car is parked off to the side of one of the narro roadways. The car is not quite so new now, but still well kept. Hoke is carefully buffing the front grillwork with trusty old chamois cloth. We can SEE the Georgia license plate which reads 1951, so a couple of years have passed the last scene. 45. Twenty feet or so from him, Daisy is kneeling by a well-t grave. The headstone reads "WERTHAN." The small stone at foot on one side reads "Sigmund Werthan" with his dates. other side is unused. Daisy is digging with her trowel, planting verbena. Hoke ambles over.
58) 2) dialog: It's good to come in nice weather.
58) 4) dialog: Boolie's always pestering me to let the staff out here tend to this plot. Perpetual care they call it.
58) 6) dialog: I'll certainly never have that. Boolie will have me in perpetual care before I'm cold.
58) 8) dialog: Hoke, run on back to the car and get that pot of azaleas for me and set it on Leo Bauer's grave.
58) 10) dialog: That's right. She asked me to bring it out here for her. She's not very good about coming. And I believe today would have been Leo's birthday.
58) 14) dialog: I'm not exactly sure. But I know it's over that way on the other side of the weeping cherry. You'll see the headstone. Bauer. a veritable sea of look-alike headstones.
58) 16) dialog: What's the matter?
58) 19) dialog: I told you, it's over on the other side of the weeping cherry. It says Bauer on the headstone.
58) 21) dialog: What are you talking about?
58) 23) dialog: What?
58) 25) dialog: That's ridiculous. Anybody can read.
58) 27) dialog: Then how come I see you looking at the paper all the time? 47.
58) 29) dialog: You know your letters, don't you?
58) 31) dialog: Stop saying that. It's making me mad. If you know your letters then you can read. You just don't know you can read. I taught some of the stupidest children God ever put on the face of this earth and all of them could read enough to find a name on a tombstone. The name is Bauer. Buh buh buh buh buh Bauer. What does that buh letter sound like?
58) 33) dialog: Of course. Buh Bauer. Er er er er er. BauER. That's the last part. What letter sounds like er?
58) 35) dialog: So the first letter is a --
58) 38) dialog: And the last letter is an --
58) 41) dialog: B-R.. B-R. B-R. Buh-err. Buh-err. It even sounds like Bauer, doesn't it?
58) 44) dialog: Not right now. This will be enough for you to find it. Go on now.
58) 46) dialog: And don't come back here telling me you can't do it. Because you can.
59) 0) text: We FOLLOW HOKE on his walk past the weeping cherry tree, carrying the potted azalea in front of him. He is cautiou but excited. The headstones loom in front of him, somehow suddenly menacing. But he proceeds. And, sure enough, the it is -- BAUER. . . He silently mouths the Buh and the Er and places the azal gently in front of the headstone. A big moment for him. Then, walking quickly, he heads back to where Daisy is finishing up her digging and collecting her things.
59) 2) dialog: Yes?
59) 4) dialog: Don't be ridiculous! I didn't do anything. Now, let's get all this pack to the car. I'm burning up out ere. He gathers her digging tools and her blanket and they wal together towards the car, Hoke holding her elbow to keep from tripping. 48. 49.
63) 0) text: Hoke is driving. Daisy sits in her customary position in back. She is not in a festive mood.
63) 2) dialog: Everybody's giving the Georgia Power Company a merry Christmas.
63) 4) dialog: She makes an ass out of herself every year.
63) 6) dialog: She always has to go and put a wreath in every window she's got.
63) 8) dialog: And that silly Santa Claus winking on the front door!
63) 11) dialog: I don't wonder. You're the only Christian in the place!
63) 13) dialog: Florine never could keep help. Of course, it's none of my affair.
63) 15) dialog: Too much running around, if you ask me. The Garden Club this and the Junior League that! As if any one of them would ever give her the time of day! But she'd die before she'd fix a glass of ice tea for the Temple Sisterhood!
63) 17) dialog: I just hope she doesn't take it in her head to sing this year.~* (she imitates) Glo-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-ria! She sounds like she has a bone stuck in her throat.
63) 19) dialog: You didn't have to come. Boolie would have run me out.
63) 21) dialog: Then why did you?
64) 2) dialog: Oh my Lord! If her grandfather, old man Freitag, could see this! What is it you say? I bet he'd jump up out of his grave and snatch her baldheaded. Hoke has gotten out of the car and is going around to the passenger door.
64) 4) dialog: wait a minute. She takes a small package wrapped in brown paper from her purse.
64) 5) dialog: This isn't a Christmas present.
64) 7) dialog: You know I don't give Christmas presents.
64) 9) dialog: I just happened to run across it this morning. Goon. Open it up. He unwraps the package.
64) 12) dialog: I always taught out of these. I saved a few.
64) 14) dialog: It's faded but it works. It you practice, you'll write nicely.
64) 16) dialog: But you have to practice. I taught Mayor Hartsfield out of this same book.
64) 18) dialog: It's not a Christmas present.
64) 20) dialog: Jews haven't got any business giving Christmas presents. And you don't need to go yapping about this to Boolie and Florine. HOKE ~¢ This strictly between you and me.
64) 25) dialog: I hope I don't spit up. He takes her arm and helps her up the steps toward the ho
65) 0) text: Daisy's car in lightish Saturday traffic on a main street Hoke is driving, Boolie sitting beside him in the front s
71) 0) text: ON IDELLA'S HANDS lifting fried chicken out of a sputteri skillet and onto waiting paper towels. PULL BACK to revea Idella herself, probably in her eighties now, and looking bit worn. The kitchen counter holds hardboiled egg whites waiting to be stuffed, carrot sticks, and other indicatio picnic-making in progress. 59. Golden afternoon sun streams into the room, which now con a fifties refrigerator, a new dinette and chairs, and a c wall calendar, which reads "June, 1957." Daisy comes into the kitchen. Daisy starts
71) 1) dialog: That's not enough chicken.
71) 3) dialog: I like to give them leftovers when I get there.
71) 5) dialog: Did you put mustard in those eggs?
71) 7) dialog: Spicy things make me sick.
71) 9) dialog: Don't put the peaches in the icebox. I hate cold peaches. .
72) 0) text: Daisy's bedroom has undergone the usual changes in the ni so years since we've seen it. A late model (middle fiftie bedside radio has replaced the large pre-war one. The wallpaper is different, though it looks very much like it predecessor. The room is still well kept. Daisy is dresse in traveling clothes. She is about eighty now, but still good health. She moves a bit more carefully. It is early morning. The sun is recently up. A large, old fashioned suitcase sits open on one of the twin beds. It just about full. Everything is wrapped carefully in layer tissue paper. Daisy has been packing it for days, and the is just about complete. She looks out of her front window towards the street and frowns. She checks her wristwatch. The street again. And she makes a decision. Chin set resolutely, she slams the suitcase shut and snaps the various locks closed. Another check to the street. She lifts the suitcase off the bed. is almost too heavy for her.
73) 0) text: A beautiful, soft, early summer morning. Birds singing, Daisy's garden is in gentle bloom. All in contrast to Dai rising irritation. She looks toward the street, pushes a stray wisp of hair back under its net and goes resolutely into the house.
74) 0) text: Daisy enters the kitchen. A shoebox sits open on the tabl It contains various components of the picnic lunch, all carefully wrapped in waxed paper. Daisy opens the refrigerator, gets a couple more wrapped packages and put them in the shoebox. She closes the box and wraps it with rubber band, irritation still mounting. She gathers it, a good-sized, fancily-wrapped gift box, and heads out the b door again.
74) 1) text: Daisy has placed the suitcase at the rear We HEAR the SOUND of head of the driveway Hoke gets out of the 61.
74) 3) dialog: It's three after seven! Yassum. fifteen
74) 5) dialog: At the latest, I said.
74) 7) dialog: Who was here to help me?
74) 9) dialog: I hate doing things at the last minute.
74) 11) dialog: Don't touch that.
74) 13) text: Yes. It's fragile. I'11 hold it on the seat with me. Hoke is loading the trunk under Daisy's careful supervisi Boolie's car pulls up the driveway. Boolie, dressed ina business suit and carrying a small wrapped gift, gets out his car and kisses his mother's cheek.
74) 14) dialog: Well, you nearly missed us!
74) 17) dialog: Be still.
74) 22) dialog: How nice that you show such an interest in your uncle's ninetieth birthday.
74) 24) dialog: The convention starts Monday. And I know what else I know. 63.
74) 26) dialog: I'm sure "My Fair Lady" is more important than your own flesh and blood.
74) 28) dialog: Those Christians will be mighty impressed.
74) 30) dialog: They expect us for a late supper in Mobile. :
74) 32) dialog: I know they'll fix crab. All that trouble.
74) 38) dialog: It's seven-sixteen.
74) 40) dialog: I want to miss rush hour.
74) 42) dialog: Did you have the air condition checked? I told you to have the air condition checked.
74) 44) dialog: Hush up. The car moves out of the garage, turns around and heads d the driveway. Boolie stands at the head of the driveway, waving.
74) 46) text: ‘1. DAISY'S CAR heading down the quiet suburban street. 2. DAISY'S CAR in traffic on a main thoroughfare. 3. DAISY'S CAR on a highway. 65. 4. INT. DAISY'S CAR. Daisy reading the map and telling Ho which numbered road to follow. 5. DAISY'S CAR on a highway, city skyline in the b.g. 6. DAISY'S CAR on a two-lane country road, mid-morning no 7. INT. DAISY'S CAR. Daisy, relaxed somewhat in her seat, window open, enjoying the countryside. Hoke, jacket remov doing same in front seat.
75) 0) text: Daisy's car is pulled off to the side of a two-lane black road, somewhere near the Georgia/Alabama border. It is a beautiful summer day, not especially hot. Daisy and Hoke in the process of eating the lunch packed in the shoebox, fried chicken, stuffed eggs, etc. Daisy is sitting in her seat with the car door open. Hoke stands by the car, usin the hood as an outdoor table. The mood is very relaxed.
75) 2) dialog: You stuff yourself good. They eat in peaceful silence. DAISY (CONT'D) . I was thinking about the first time I ever went to Mobile. It was Walter's wedding. 1888.
75) 4) dialog: I was twelve. We went on the train. And I was so excited. I'd never been in a wedding party and I'd never seen the ocean. Papa said it was the Gulf of Mexico and not the ocean, but it was all the same to me. I remember we were at a picnic somewhere -- somebody must have taken us bathing -- and I asked Papa if it was all right to dip my hand in the water. He laughed because I was so timid. And then I tasted the salt water on my fingers. Isn't it silly to remember that? 66.
75) 8) dialog: (also calm but angry) This is my car, officer. The Trooper gets out of the patrol car and walks over.
75) 11) dialog: Werthan.
75) 13) dialog: It's of German derivation.
76) 0) text: Daisy's car, traveling, passes an old pickup, headed the way. The pickup, a white farmer family, parents, grandpar and children, dressed in overalls and simple country clot CLOSEUP OF HUSBAND AND WIFE exchanging silent glance at t sight of Daisy's chauffeur-driven car.
77) 0) text: Marker says "Entering Alabama." Daisy's car travels by.
79) 2) dialog: When was that?
79) 4) dialog: Go on!
79) 6) dialog: It's nicer the other side of Montgomery.
79) 8) dialog: Oh my God!
79) 10) dialog: That sign said Phenix City -- thirty miles. We're not supposed to go to Phenix City. We're going the wrong way! Oh my God!
79) 12) dialog: I didn't. Stop the car! Stop the car!
81) 0) text: Daisy, very agitated, wrestles with the map on her lap.
81) 1) dialog: Here! Here! You took the wrong turn at Opelika. He takes the map and reads it.
81) 3) dialog: I was getting the lunch. Go on back. Oh my God!
81) 5) dialog: I'm such a fool! I didn't have any business coming in the car by myself with just you. Boolie made me! I should have come on the train. I'd be safe there. I just should have come on the train. 69.
82) 0) text: Hoke driving, Daisy in her seat, both somewhat slumped. T are tired. It's a humid, dark night. Large moths and smal insects fly at the windshield.
82) 1) dialog: They fixed crab for me! Minnie always fixes crab! They go to so much trouble! It's all ruined by now! Oh Lord!
82) 3) dialog: Is something wrong with the car?
82) 5) dialog: What?
82) 7) dialog: You should have thought of that back at the Standard Oil station. 70.
82) 9) dialog: Well, there's no time to stop. We'll be in Mobile soon. You can wait.
83) 0) text: Daisy's car pulls abruptly to the side of the road. INT. CAR - SAME TIME ‘
83) 1) dialog: I told you to wait!
83) 3) dialog: Why, Hoke! I'd be ashamed!
83) 5) dialog: Hoke! She waits a second, then calls again, less angrily.
83) 6) dialog: Hoke! 71. No answer. Silence. Darkness. COUNTRY SOUNDS. She is becoming frightened.
83) 9) dialog: Of course I am!
86) 0) text: An unpretentious, comfortable Mobile living room -- not n as well-to-do as Daisy's house in Atlanta. SLICK, Uncle Walter's son, is a sixtyish small man, dressed in short-s white shirt, no tie, etc. He is talking on the phone with Boolie. In the b.g. are UNCLE WALTER, blind and ninety, b the possessor of great vitality. He happens to strongly resemble his sister, Daisy. He is ensconced in his favori living room chair, a pile of wrapped presents, Daisy's included, on a table nearby. He is surrounded by various children, grandchildren and relatives, including Daisy an Slightly older sister, NONIE. Slick is having trouble hearing Boolie over the b.g. NOIS
86) 2) dialog: A prim smile. She's glad her son is doing the right thing She leaves the relatives and takes the phone from Slick.
86) 3) dialog: Hello. Hey, son. Uncle Walter appreciates your call. I don't think he can come to the phone.
88) 1) dialog: What do you mean? How should he be? Uncle Walter's daughter emerges from the kitchen bearing large iced angel food cake, aglow with candles. An excite hush falls over the family and the singing of "Happy Birt starts.
88) 2) dialog: I have to hang up, Boolie. I'll tell him. Yes, we will. All right. You, too. Bye. The cake procession and the singing continue. 73. ON UNCLE WALTER, his blind, pink face lit by the glow of ninety candles. ON DAISY, also lit by the candles, her face soft with lov pride for the occasion. She looks across the room.
88) 3) text: Hoke standing by the kitchen door with MINNIE and a coupl other family servants. Hoke nods gravely at Daisy, acknowledging the importance of the moment. ON DAISY. She nods imperceptibly, but gratefully, back at Hoke, still lit by the candles. ON UNCLE WALTER, guided by Slick, leans over to blow the candles out.
93) 0) text: Only addition to the scene is a bulky console b/w TELEVIS set, which is ON at the moment, a soap opera in progress. Idella and Hoke are watching avidly. Idella is shelling p a paper bag for the pods and a bowl for the peas. She loo very old and frail. Daisy stops in the doorway.
93) 1) dialog: I don't know how y'all can look at that. 78.
93) 3) dialog: Your brains are gonna dry up. I'll be up in my room reading. Don't make a mess with those peas, Idella.
94) 0) text: This is a fairly small church, humble in contrast to Dais Temple we have seen earlier. The sanctuary is about half- filled at the moment. A funeral is in progress. A BLACK CHOIR MEMBER - A TEEN-AGED GIRL, with a particula strong voice, is singing "What a Friend we Have in Jesus. She wears a choir robe. She is standing with the rest of choir, but this is the solo part of the service. A MINISTER, also black and also robed, stands nearby, jus behind a simple coffin. A SHOT OF THE SANCTUARY reveals that the entire populatio black, except for three white people in the rear -- Daisy Boolie and Florine. Hoke is sitting in the pew with them, the aisle, next to Boolie. Everyone in the congregation h a printed program of events. ON THE THREE WHITE FACES, a part of the service, but not part. Florine wears a stylish suit, Daisy has on a black with a veil. She looks straight ahead at the singer, her showing no emotion. Only Hoke's face expresses his feelin as the four watch the solemn proceedings.
95) 0) text: For the first time, the kitchen looks a bit out of date, shabby. The linoleum is clean, but a little chipped and scruffy. An electric fry pan sits on one of the counters, . Clearly a concession to Boolie because it is shiny new ebviously never used. - Daisy is frying chicken in a large black cast iron skille The cut-up chicken is on the counter as is the paper bag of flour. She shakes the chicken in the bag, then places in the hot oil skillet. Hoke appears behind her, watching critically. Eventually cannot contain himself and speaks. 80.
95) 2) dialog: What are you talking about?
95) 4) dialog: Mind your business.
96) 0) text: Some time later. Daisy, wearing gardening gloves, is stan on a small kitchen stepladder, wielding a large pair of shears, trimming a shrub. Hoke stands at the foot of: the ladder, picking up the clippings and putting them in a ne wheelbarrow.
99) 0) text: No furniture or decoration has changed here since we firs it, but everything is older. Daisy is on her knees rummag through the lowest commode drawer. Outside the storm is visible. The hall is dark. Daisy finds what she is lookin for, a stumpy old white candle. She shuts the drawer, get up, and we FOLLOW HER through THE DARK PANTRY into
99) 3) dialog: Who is it?
99) 5) dialog: Oh, Hoke. She sinks back into her chair with relief. Hoke comes int the doorway. She is carrying a paper bag, and wears an evercoat and galoshes. .
99) 6) dialog: What in the world?
99) 8) dialog: How sweet of you, Hoke! He hands her a cardboard cup and sips his own.
99) 10) dialog: Mmm Hmm. iI can fix her biscuits and we both know how to make her fried chicken. But nobody can make Idella's coffee. I wonder how she did it.
99) 12) dialog: Idella was lucky.
99) 14) dialog: Where are you going?
99) 16) dialog: I didn't think you'd come today.
99) 18) dialog: Boolie called and said he couldn't even get down his driveway. Well, I don't know what you can do around here except keep me company.
99) 20) dialog: Eat anything you want out of the ice box. It'll all spoil anyway.
99) 22) dialog: And wipe up what you tracked onto my kitchen floor. 83.
99) 24) dialog: Yes. That's exactly what I think you are.
99) 27) dialog: Hello?
99) 29) dialog: Stay where you are, Boolie. Hoke is here with me.
99) 31) dialog: He's very handy. I'm fine. I don't need a thing in the world.
99) 33) dialog: I didn't say I love him. I said he was handy. 84.
99) 35) dialog: Honestly, Boolie. Are you trying to irritate me in the middle of an ice storm? She hangs up sharply. ON BOOLIE as he hangs up the phone, smiling at his wife.
100) 0) text: A traffic jam is in progress. Cars standing still, HORNS BLARING, irritability in the air. It is early fall, but h and humid. One of the cars in the stalled lane is Daisy's. It's a ca haven't seen before -- a Cadillac sedan (circa 1960). All Daisy's cars, subsequent to the first Cadillac, are virtu the same -- all "Cadillac blue" -- but, of course, Boolie trades them in every two or three years -- a matter of eq At the moment Daisy is alone in her car, fanning herself her handkerchief, and out of sorts. She is wearing a hat gloves. Hoke, walking against the traffic, reaches Daisy's car. H earrying his jacket. He leans into the car.
101) 1) dialog: Well, what is it? You took so long!
101) 3) dialog: What's the matter? I might as well not go to Temple at all now! He gets into the car.
101) 5) dialog: Why not? What in the world is the matter with you? 85.
101) 7) dialog: What? Bomb the Temple!
101) 9) dialog: I don't believe it!
101) 11) dialog: Oh, no! Oh, my God! Well, was anybody there? Were people hurt?
101) 13) dialog: Who would do such a thing?
101) 15) dialog: Well, it's a mistake. I'm sure they meant to bomb one of the Conservative synagoges or the Orthodox one. The Temple is Reform. Everybody knows that. HOKE . It doan matter to them people. A Jew is a Jew to them folks. Jes' like light or dark, we all the same nigger.
101) 16) dialog: I can't believe it!
102) 0) text: Daisy's car moving in lighter traffic.
103) 0) text: Hoke drives. Daisy dabs at her eyes with a Kleenex.
103) 2) dialog: I'm not crying. (after a moment of collecting herself) why did you tell me that story?
103) 4) dialog: Ridiculous! The Temple has nothing to do with that!
103) 6) dialog: We don't even know what happened. How do you know that policeman was telling you the truth?
103) 8) dialog: Well, you never get things right anyway. 87.
103) 11) dialog: Stop talking to me! ON HOKE'S sad, compassionate face.
104) 0) text: 1966 The entire top floor of a mid-sixties Atlanta skyscraper a panoramic view. This is a businessman's club/restaurant furnished appropriately with leather chairs, paneled wall portraits of past presidents, etc. There is an honorary luncheon in progress. Boolie, the honoree, sits at the center of a raised table on a dais. to him is Florine, dressed in a fashionable mini-dress an Courreges white boots. Next to her is Daisy in her best dress. . WELLBORN ARKWRIGHT, the president of the Commerce Club, i standing in his place, on the other side of Florine, hold large engraved silver bowl, and beckoning to Boolie. Gene applause. Boolie rises, takes the trophy, and approaches microphone. A cameraman gets off a few shots.
105) 0) text: Daisy is seated at the telephone table, dialing. Still th same old black telephone. She dials with some difficulty. Things have become harder for her to do.
105) 1) dialog: Hidey, Miss McClatchey. You always recognize my voice. What a shame a wonderful girl like you never married. Miss McClatchey, is my son in? Oh, no no no. Please don't call him out of a sales meeting. Just give him a message. Tell him I bought the tickets for the UJA banquet. Yes, UJA banquet ‘honoring Martin Luther King on the seventeenth. Well, you're a sweet thing to say so. And don't you worry. My cousin Tillie in Chattanooga married for the first time at fifty-seven. ‘Bye. She places the phone in its cradle.
106) 2) dialog: Up here. 89. He follows her voice up the stairs into
106) 5) dialog: Not a good question to ask somebody nearly ninety.
106) 7) dialog: It's my ageless appeal.
106) 9) dialog: Florine is invited, too.
106) 11) dialog: I guess Hoke should drive us. There'll be a crowd.
106) 13) dialog: Talk about what?
106) 15) dialog: Fine, you drive. I thought I was being helpful.
106) 17) dialog: Boolie, if you don't want to go, why don't you just come right out and say so?
106) 19) dialog: Of course, but Florine --
106) 21) dialog: I see. The Werthan Company will go out. of business if you attend the King dinner.
106) 23) dialog: If we don't use those seats? I'm not supposed to go either?
106) 25) dialog: Thanks for your permission.
106) 27) dialog: Why, Boolie! I've never been prejudiced and you know it!
107) 0) text: The wallpaper is the same as we last saw (before the trip Mobile) but a little blotched and spotted in places. A co of the framed photographs on the wall are a little crooke new color TV set sits on a metal stand, looking out of pl Daisy is reflected in the mirror above her bureau. The sa mirror as at the beginning of the picture, but, of course is twenty years older. Her mind is as sharp as ever, but body is becoming difficult to operate. She is in the proc of putting on the final touches of her evening outfit. Sh takes a final check in the mirror, not especially happy w the results, and heads out of the room.
108) 0) text: A new sink/dishwasher combination is installed. Otherwise room is the same. Hoke sits at the kitchen table. He wear thickish glasses now and is squinting at the evening pape Daisy enters the kitchen, having added a light jacket to outfit.
108) 1) dialog: All right. Hoke rises, following her out the back door, remembering turn out the kitchen light as he leaves. 92.
109) 0) text: Daisy flinches.
109) 1) dialog: I don't know why you still drive. You can't see.
109) 3) dialog: You didn't see that mailbox.
109) 5) dialog: It nearly poked through my window. This car is all scratched up.
109) 7) dialog: How would you know? You can't see. What a shame. It's a brand new car, too.
110) 0) text: Daisy's car on a main thoroughfare.
111) 1) dialog: You forgot to turn.
111) 3) dialog: You know it is.
111) 5) dialog: You know so much!
111) 7) dialog: I've lived in Atlanta all my life.
112) 0) text: Daisy's car in downtown traffic.
113) 1) dialog: Boolie said the silliest thing the . other day.
113) 3) dialog: He's too old to be so foolish.
113) 5) dialog: Well, he was talking about Martin Luther King. (a beat) I guess you know him, don't you?
113) 7) dialog: I was sure you did. But you've heard him preach?
113) 9) dialog: I think he's wonderful.
113) 11) dialog: You know, you could go see him in person any time you wanted. (no response) All you'd have to do is go over there to the -- what is it?
113) 13) dialog: Ebeneezer Baptist Church some Sunday and there he'll be.
113) 15) dialog: Well, it's so silly! Boolie said you wanted to go to this dinner with me. Did you tell him that?
113) 17) dialog: I didn't think so. What would be the point? You can hear him anytime -- whenever you want. HOKE .. You want the front do' or the side do' to the Biltmore?
113) 18) dialog: I think the side. Isn't it wonderful the way things are changing?
114) 0) text: Lots of cars, policemen, lights, a big event. Daisy's car turns the corner and Hoke stops in front of the lesser-us side door.
115) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
115) 4) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
115) 6) dialog: What? All I said was that Boolie said you wanted to go.
115) 8) dialog: Well, my stars! Aren't you a great big baby!
115) 10) dialog: You don't have to carry on so much!
115) 12) dialog: Honestly!
115) 14) dialog: Thank you, Hoke. I can help myself. 96.
116) 0) text: Daisy emerges from her car, slowly but head held high. Ho stands where he is, on his side of the car, not helping, head also held high. This is an enormous breech of etiquette. Daisy proceeds into the hotel. Hoke climbs bac in the car and looks straight ahead. ON HOKE'S immobile face.
119) 0) text: The car that was at the UJA banquet drives up the drivewa It now belongs to Hoke. A newer Cadillac, same color blue 1969-70 model) sits in the garage. Hoke pulls his car int the garage next to the new one and emerges into the stron clear sunlight. We SEE the EXTERIOR of Daisy's house, no longer as freshly painted and well maintained as it was t years ago. Shutters are peeling paint here and there, a gutter has come away from the house, etc. Hoke opens the kitchen door and we FOLLOW HIM into 97.
120) 6) dialog: Hoke! Hoke! Is that Hoke?
120) 8) dialog: (coming closer) Hoke? Hoke looks up the staircase as Daisy makes her way slowly down. Her hair is in disarray and her housecoat has falle open, the slip showing underneath.
120) 9) dialog: Hoke? Hoke?
120) 11) dialog: Where did you put my papers? 98.
120) 13) dialog: My papers! I had them all corrected last night and I put them in the front so I wouldn't forget them on my vay to school. What did you do with them? She lurches off unsteadily towards
120) 16) dialog: The children will be so disappointed if I don't give them their homework back. I always give it back the next day. That's why they like me.
120) 18) dialog: Why aren't you helping me?
120) 20) dialog: Find those papers! I told you. It's all right if you moved them. I won't be mad with you. But I've got to get to school now. I'll be late and who will take care of my class?, They'll be all alone. Oh God! Oh Goddy! I do everything wrong. She has tottered off toward
120) 23) dialog: It doesn't matter. I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I didn't do right! It's so awful! Oh God! Now you lissen heah. Ain' nothin’ awful 'cep' the way you carryin' on.
120) 24) dialog: I'm so sorry. It's all my fault. I can't find the papers and the children are waiting.
120) 26) dialog: It doesn't make any difference!
120) 31) dialog: Go on. Just go on now. 100.
122) 2) dialog: Oh, God! Oh Goddy!
124) 0) text: Daisy is tottering up the staircase. Hoke is right behind her.
124) 2) dialog: I can't! I can't!
124) 4) dialog: No! No! It's all a mess now. And I can't do anything about it! 101. She heads into a
124) 7) dialog: I'm being trouble. Oh, God! I don't want to be trouble to anybody. The chair rocks furiously.
124) 9) dialog: oh, my God! She is less physically agitated now, but still very confu She is in her chair, muttering weakly.
124) 11) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Those poor children in my class.
124) 13) dialog: Hoke, do you still have that Oldsmobile? 102.
124) 15) dialog: You ought not to be driving anything, the way you see.
124) 17) dialog: Hoke?
124) 19) dialog: You're my best friend.
124) 21) dialog: No. Really. You are. You are. She takes his hand.
125) 0) text: The blinds are up. Sun streams into the room. The bureau drawers are open. Clothes from the closet are piled on th bed. There is a large cardboard carton half full of thing Florine comes out of Daisy's closet. She wears what she considers work clothes. Vanderbilt-type jeans and a crisp cotton shirt. She is probably in her early 60's and she shouldn't be wearing clothes like this, but she definitel still has her figure. Her age mostly shows in the amount makeup she must resort to and her hair which seems to gro brighter and more false as she goes along. At the moment is carrying Daisy's old fur neck piece on a hanger. She p it on and looks in the mirror. It is old and scruffy and of fashion. She laughs at her image and tosses it into th cardboard box. 103.
126) 0) text: Hoke, 85 years old, is seated in the passenger seat of a We do not see the driver. Hoke's glasses have gotten thic clsoe to Coke bottle depth now. He is wearing an overcoat over his suit. He does not look happy. We see that the ca is traveling down a suburban street. The car slows down as it approaches Daisy's house.
127) 0) text: A gray, fall day. A large wooden "FOR SALE" sign is stuck the lawn close to the street. Over it has been plastered "SOLD" sign. ON HOKE in the passenger seat. He winces, almost invisibl ON THE CAR, a modest, early seventies two-door, turns up Daisy's driveway. -It is driven in her 30’s. . The car comes to a stop. in the garage. The woman pats Hoke's hand. He woman looks concerned, but Hoke back door.
132) 0) text: A large, one-bedded room with a large glass window. Throu the window is a pleasant view of a young piney woods and clay bank. The room consists of a hospital bed, a hospita bureau, and a couple of chairs. There are several housepl on the window sill, the only personal touch in the room. Daisy emerges from the bathroom wearing a neat housecoat. is ninety-seven years old. She is fragile now, walking wi walker. Her hair is neatly fixed and her face composed. S makes her way slowly to the chair by the window. When she almost there, we HEAR a KNOCK at the door. She does not answer, but continues toward the chair. Boolie peers through the door and enters the room. Hoke follows.
132) 9) dialog: (suddenly) Hoke came to see me, not you.
132) 12) dialog: Good God! Hoke laughs, Boolie grins.
132) 13) dialog: Boolie! be
132) 15) dialog: Go charm the nurses.
132) 17) dialog: Boolie payin’ you still? . HOKE ‘ a Every week.
132) 18) dialog: How much?
132) 20) dialog: Highway robbery! She closes her eyes again. Then opens them.
132) 21) dialog: How are you?
132) 23) dialog: Me too.