47) 0) text: We are in the large sanctuary of the Temple, the Atlanta Reform Jewish Congregation. The building was designed in twenties, and somehow this sanctuary carries a ‘sense of Bible as interpreted by C.B. DeMille. The room has a very large chandelier, lots of large windows, and is decorated white walls and gold relief work. The Arc for the Torah itself is all gold relief work. The whole place gives off scent of well-being and not too much religious warmth. . We are approaching the end of the Saturday morning servic The RABBI, who prefers to call himself DR. WEIL, is condu the service in a morning coat. There are no yarmulkes or other Jewish paraphernalia in sight. The sanctuary is sparsely populated this (and every) Satu morning. In the front couple of rows sit the Confirmation Class, some thirty or so tenth-graders who have to appear every Saturday in order to get confirmed at the end of th year. They are standard issue high school sophomores, dressed w and appropriately for a religious service. None of them s very interested in the service. Some look just plain bore others are miles away, and still others (girls) are passi notes and/or giggling. Most of the rest of the room is empty. There are a few worshippers in pairs or alone scattered throughout. 36. The last few rows are more populated. Here are the older members of the congregation, mostly widows, some older me and a few grown sons/daughters. Daisy is in the next to t last row, sitting very straight in the pew, her back not touching the seat.
47) 1) dialog: ‘Praised and glorified be the name of the Holy One, though He be above all the praises which we can utter. Our guide is He in life and our redeemer through all eternity.
47) 3) dialog: The departed whom we now remember have entered into the peace of life eternal. They still live on earth in the acts of goodness they performed and in the hearts of those who cherish their memory. May the beauty of their life abide among us as a loving benediction.
47) 5) dialog: May the Father of peace send peace to all who mourn and comfort the bereaved among us.
117) 0) text: The room is crowded with round tables, each seating eight speaker's table is on a raised dais at one end of the roo UJA banner and NAACP banner behind it. DR. KING, MRS. KIN other black leaders seen at a distance seated amongst whi clergymen, etc., at the head table. Dr. Weil, the Temple rabbi, is at the microphone winding up a prayer.
117) 1) dialog: And we ask, Oh Lord, that You shine favor on all Your children. None of us here would presume to know what You look like or even what color You are. But we do know without doubt that whatever color we happen to be doesn't matter to You. During this speech the CAMERA MOVES IN ON