11) 0) text: Boolie enters from the kitchen. He is wearing brand new pressed jeans with the cuffs rolled up and a plaid short- Sleeved shirt and a bandanna around his neck. It looks wr on him. FLORINE, his wife, enters behind him. She is in her middl thirties, dark-haired, slim, very fashionable, carefully up. ‘Right now she is wearing a full denim skirt down to ankles (I think they called them circle skirts) and a pla blouse exactly matching Boolie's shirt. She is also weari gold jewelry that doesn't quite go with this outfit.
11) 2) dialog: (also calling up) Hey, Mother Werthan! It's just us! ON DAISY, appearing at the landing, a book in her hand.
11) 4) dialog: We can't stay.
11) 7) dialog: I had these made. Doesn’t your baby look cute?
21) 0) text: Somebody (Florine) has tried to furnish this office well. contains a good leather couch, a couple of English-hunt-c type engravings and an expensive mahogany desk. A large V magazine~-style photograph of Florine in a fancy hat is p prominently. Also there are company picnic photographs, Boolie's Yale diploma, a Bacharach-type photograph of his father, etc. All of the above does not quite hide the fac that this room is part of an old factory. The walls are patchy, the windows are old, and the venetian blinds are grubby and sagging. 12. Boolie is at the desk and on the phone. During his phone conversation a SHARP BELL is HEARD O.S. It RINGS intermittently. He looks up, annoyed, then concerned, but continues doing his business.
53) 0) text: The hall is decorated in English Country house fashion. L of old pieces and Williamsburg-y wallpaper. There is a Qu Anne telephone table with appropriate chair. The PHONE is RINGING (loudly). Florine comes into the hall to answer i She is wearing a winter dressing gown with long flowing sleeves. 40.
53) 1) dialog: Hello?... Wait a minute, Mother Werthan. I'll get him for you... No trouble. He's right here. We FOLLOW FLORINE a few steps to
53) 3) dialog: Guess who?
53) 9) dialog: Bye.
53) 11) dialog: It's not healthy for you to rush like this in the morning. 41.
53) 13) dialog: When doesn't it? She smiles at him, lifts her face to be kissed.
53) 14) dialog: Give Mother Werthan my love. He hurries out and she picks up the women's page of the p lights a cigarette and calls into the kitchen.
53) 15) dialog: Coffee, Gaynell!
61) 2) dialog: Of course I told you! Of course I told you! And we HEAR a second, MUFFLED VOICE rising in protest.
61) 3) dialog: Now, how can I be expected to buy it if you don't write it down! More muffle, escalated.
61) 4) dialog: Honey! Boolie! I need you!
61) 7) dialog: I told you. I told you a million times, Katie Bell. Write it down.
61) 9) dialog: More I cannot do. (to Boolie) We're out of coconut.
61) 12) dialog: But you didn't write it down! I don't need to stand around and listen to excuses on Christmas Day. Maybe you can figure out how to serve ambrosia to fifty people without coconut. I give up. Head high, she marches out of the kitchen.
61) 19) dialog: In here. He goes back out into the hall and enters
61) 22) dialog: I knew she was good for something.
61) 24) dialog: Silly! I was teasin' you! Let's don't fight on Christmas, okay?
64) 21) dialog: Merry Christmas, Mother Werthan! We FOLLOW HOKE and DAISY'S POV to
85) 0) text: A standard twin-bedded double room. Nicely furnished, but very large. A room air conditioner hums away. White gauzy curtains billow in front of it. Open suitcases on the lug rack and bureau. Boolie, wearing boxer shorts, undershirt, long socks and garters, is stretched out on one of the beds, talking on telephone, which sits on a table between the beds. During his conversation, Florine emerges from the bathroo She is dressed in her best evening outfit -- a killer of summer city dress (a sack dress? one with a balloon skirt whatever Kay Kendall would have worn in 1957).
92) 0) text: The same space as before, but serious redecoration has occurred. It is now furnished with the latest blonde maho desk, coffee table, side piece, etc. The wall-to-wall carpeting and drapes are new, too. And there is a new fas photo of Florine placed prominently. She has Mamie Eisenh bangs in it. Boolie sits at his desk, puts his feet up an motions Hoke to sit.
94) 0) text: This is a fairly small church, humble in contrast to Dais Temple we have seen earlier. The sanctuary is about half- filled at the moment. A funeral is in progress. A BLACK CHOIR MEMBER - A TEEN-AGED GIRL, with a particula strong voice, is singing "What a Friend we Have in Jesus. She wears a choir robe. She is standing with the rest of choir, but this is the solo part of the service. A MINISTER, also black and also robed, stands nearby, jus behind a simple coffin. A SHOT OF THE SANCTUARY reveals that the entire populatio black, except for three white people in the rear -- Daisy Boolie and Florine. Hoke is sitting in the pew with them, the aisle, next to Boolie. Everyone in the congregation h a printed program of events. ON THE THREE WHITE FACES, a part of the service, but not part. Florine wears a stylish suit, Daisy has on a black with a veil. She looks straight ahead at the singer, her showing no emotion. Only Hoke's face expresses his feelin as the four watch the solemn proceedings.
104) 0) text: 1966 The entire top floor of a mid-sixties Atlanta skyscraper a panoramic view. This is a businessman's club/restaurant furnished appropriately with leather chairs, paneled wall portraits of past presidents, etc. There is an honorary luncheon in progress. Boolie, the honoree, sits at the center of a raised table on a dais. to him is Florine, dressed in a fashionable mini-dress an Courreges white boots. Next to her is Daisy in her best dress. . WELLBORN ARKWRIGHT, the president of the Commerce Club, i standing in his place, on the other side of Florine, hold large engraved silver bowl, and beckoning to Boolie. Gene applause. Boolie rises, takes the trophy, and approaches microphone. A cameraman gets off a few shots.
121) 0) text: The new wing is finished and Boolie's office is very gran Florine has really gone wild furnishing it. Lots of chrom and glass and large expanses of window. A framed, signed photo of Richard Nixon sits on Boolie's desk with the oth mementoes. Boolie has longer sideburns, less hair and mor belly. He is in his early sixties -- pink, healthy, beautifully dressed.
125) 0) text: The blinds are up. Sun streams into the room. The bureau drawers are open. Clothes from the closet are piled on th bed. There is a large cardboard carton half full of thing Florine comes out of Daisy's closet. She wears what she considers work clothes. Vanderbilt-type jeans and a crisp cotton shirt. She is probably in her early 60's and she shouldn't be wearing clothes like this, but she definitel still has her figure. Her age mostly shows in the amount makeup she must resort to and her hair which seems to gro brighter and more false as she goes along. At the moment is carrying Daisy's old fur neck piece on a hanger. She p it on and looks in the mirror. It is old and scruffy and of fashion. She laughs at her image and tosses it into th cardboard box. 103.