2) 0) text: A spacious, black-and-white tiled kitchen -- pre-W.W.I in dimension. The only sign of the times is a fairly modern range. ‘ IDELLA, black and close to Daisy's age, stands at the sin under the window, polishing silver with an old toothbrush She does not look up, or in any way acknowledge Daisy's entrance into the kitchen. Daisy removes a shopping list from a cabinet drawer.
2) 2) dialog: Mmmmmm . Daisy heads out the door.
3) 2) dialog: Sweet Jesus! H. On a nursemaid and a toddler, coming out of the house door.
5) 0) text: Idella is sitting on a stool, eating fried chicken and po salad at the kitchen counter. Boolie is seated at the kit table, finishing off a plate of same. Each has a glass of tea and a paper napkin, but Idella's plate is a cracked remnant of an old pattern, her fork is from the dime stor and her tea is in a small mason jar. Boolie is eating off Daisy's everyday china and silver. Daisy is not in the ro but a THUMPING and CLUMPING 0.S. indicate that she is wit earshot. .
5) 11) text: I did not. (calls to Idella) Idella! You want a pickle with your lunch?
5) 12) dialog: Not me.
5) 14) dialog: Yassum. Thank you. He love your pickles.
9) 4) dialog: Sometimes I think you ain't got the sense God gave a lemon! Daisy glares at her, but Idella, with inalienable right o side, returns the glare with a calm nod of her head and g off about her business.
24) 0) text: The front hall. Dim light in contrast to the sun outside. Idella is going over the floor with a carpet sweeper. She singing a hymn ("Are You Washed in the Blood of the Lamb" mostly to herself. Boolie comes into the hall, Hoke behind him.
24) 2) dialog: Livin'.
24) 4) dialog: In the closet.
24) 6) dialog: I would if it din' give me a shock every time I go near it.
24) 8) dialog: Good. You clean up. I go down and run yo' office. Hoke laughs. Idella shoots him a look.
24) 10) dialog: Up yonder. 20.
24) 12) dialog: Mmmm Hmmm. She goes back to her carpet sweeping.
24) 14) dialog: (to Hoke) I wouldn't be in your shoes if the Sweet Lawd Jesus come down and ask me hisself! ON HOKE, sizing up the situation.
29) 0) text: Late afternoon sunlight slants into the room. Idella is rolling out biscuit dough. Hoke is sitting on a stool nea
29) 2) dialog: Doan' say.
31) 0) text: Idella is wearing her street.clothes and carrying a shopp bag. Hoke has on his jacket, and carries his chauffeur's in his hand.
31) 1) dialog: (calling up the stairs) I'm gone, Miz Daisy.
33) 0) text: Daisy and Idella, wearing aprons, stand at the counter. D is making chili sauce. Idella is washing up after her. Peeled tomatoes, onions, etc., wait on the counter. At th moment she is boiling mason jars in a huge kettle. Hoke c in from the back porch.
36) 0) text: Very sunny. Daisy sits on one of the porch chairs, readin the morning paper. Idella enters from the house.
36) 1) dialog: We runnin’ outta coffee and Dutch cleanser.
36) 10) dialog: Yassum. Daisy marches out the front door.
46) 0) text: , Oscar and his assistant from the elevator, JUNIOR, are process of removing the slip covers from the upholstered furniture and rolling down the Oriental rugs and pads. Ho jacket off and sleeves rolled up, is helping them. Idella supervising.
55) 0) text: Idella and Hoke walking up the driveway to work. Both are wearing coats. They see Boolie's car in the driveway.
55) 2) dialog: Can't be good. I promise you dat. They exchange looks.
71) 0) text: ON IDELLA'S HANDS lifting fried chicken out of a sputteri skillet and onto waiting paper towels. PULL BACK to revea Idella herself, probably in her eighties now, and looking bit worn. The kitchen counter holds hardboiled egg whites waiting to be stuffed, carrot sticks, and other indicatio picnic-making in progress. 59. Golden afternoon sun streams into the room, which now con a fifties refrigerator, a new dinette and chairs, and a c wall calendar, which reads "June, 1957." Daisy comes into the kitchen. Daisy starts
71) 2) dialog: How much you and Hoke plannin' to eat?
71) 4) dialog: You will, less you make a pig of yo'seff.
71) 6) dialog: I always put mustard in my stuffed eggs.
71) 8) dialog: You go on upstairs and see ‘bout your packing. I leave everything ready to put in the car in the morning. out of the kitchen, but remembers something.
71) 10) dialog: Yassum. Daisy leaves, and Idella goes on with the preparations, muttering to She spears a herself. .
71) 11) dialog: Act like I ain' never made a picnic in my life. piece of chicken vehemently. 60.
93) 0) text: Only addition to the scene is a bulky console b/w TELEVIS set, which is ON at the moment, a soap opera in progress. Idella and Hoke are watching avidly. Idella is shelling p a paper bag for the pods and a bowl for the peas. She loo very old and frail. Daisy stops in the doorway.
93) 4) dialog: Do I ever? Daisy goes upstairs. The two watch.
93) 6) dialog: (shelling away) Washes it in my-naise. He looks dubious.
93) 7) dialog: Yes she do. Had about it in Life Magazine. : “HOKE Don' seem human, do it?