2) 0) text: GRAHAM HESS wakes up from his sleep.  He thought he heard something.  He listens.  HE HEARS THE HEATER.  THE
3) 0) text: Graham stands in the hall landing where three bedroom doo meet.  He moves to the door that has children's drawings taped to it.  He puts his ear close.  Listens.  Beat. He relaxes.  Graham leans down and picks up two balled up sweat socks and a child's sweater from the hallway floor. puts it in the hallway hamper before heading back into hi bedroom.
4) 0) text: A bathroom door is open.  WE HEAR THE SINK RUNNING.  WE H THE SOUNDS OF TEETH BEING BRUSHED. Outside the bathroom on the bedroom wall is the sun faded outline of where a large CATHOLIC CROSS used to hang.  It ghostly stained forever on the blank wall. A CHILD SCREAMS FROM FAR AWAY. The water from the sink stops.  Graham steps into the doorway.  Toothbrush and foam in his mouth.  He becomes v still.
5) 0) text: The bedroom door bursts open.  Graham steps into his children's room.  There are children's books everywhere.  Overflowing off shelves.  Piled in corners. Graham's eyes move to the small messy beds.  They're both empty.
7) 0) text: Graham bangs open the back screen door and runs into the backyard.  He spins as he looks around. Merrill, now with a T-shirt and jeans, rumbles down the s stairs adjacent to the garage building. Merrill and Graham make eye contact as they approach each other across the yard.
8) 0) text: The tall stalks of corn smack Graham and Merrill's faces they run through the crops. A LITTLE GIRL appears in the crops thirty feet ahead of t like an apparition.  She is in her nightgown.  She is fou They reach her fast.  She stands unaware of them in a daz Her hair is messed from sleep.
8) 1) dialog: Bo where's Morgan? BO stands peacefully lost in her thoughts.  Beat.
8) 2) dialog: Bo? Bo finally looks at her father.  Beat.  She smiles softly
8) 4) dialog: This isn't a --
8) 6) dialog: Morgan what's happening? Graham puts Bo on the ground and moves right in front of Morgan.  The ten-year old boy looks deep in thought. Graham takes hold of Morgan's chin and turns his face so looking straight at him.
8) 7) dialog: Are... you... hurt? Beat.  Morgan's eyes reveal he's come to some answer.
8) 9) dialog: Did what Morgan? Morgan takes hold of his father's unshaven chin and turns face.  Graham is forced to look to his right.  Beat.  Gra sees something. Graham Hess slowly rises to his feet.  He starts moving forward towards something. He walks through a thin layer of crops and emerges in a clearing.  Two German Shepherds are running back and fort They are clearly agitated. Graham looks around at the THOUSANDS OF CORN STALKS LYING
8) 11) text: Graham Hess looks around in a daze as he walks out into t center.  Merrill, Bo and Morgan follow him. The dogs keep running and barking as WE PULL BACK AND REV
9) 0) text: Graham holds his hand over the barbecue to see if it's at right temperature.  The other hand holds a cordless phone his ear.
9) 1) dialog: (into phone) ... Lee actually the reason I'm calling is about Lionel. Graham stokes the coals with a LONG BARBECUE FORK.
9) 2) dialog: (into phone) Was he at home last night with you or was he out and about with the Wolfington brothers? Graham moves around from behind the barbecue and heads towards the house.
9) 3) dialog: (into phone) Well, there was a little mischief done to our crops last night. Beat.
9) 4) dialog: (into phone) I know he's a fine boy... No one's saying otherwise. Graham steps through the back screen door into his KITCHEN. Graham holds the phone a little closer and talks in a HUS VOICE.
9) 5) dialog: (into phone) Listen Lee, I don't even mind if it was him.  You could just talk to him and that would be enough for me... See it was kind of strange finding the crops like that.  The kids were... confused by it.  It would take the strangeness away if we knew it was Lionel and the Wolfington brothers just messing around... (beat, listens) The movies... (beat) Are you sure? (beat) Okay, then... Thank you for your patience Lee. Graham turns off the phone.  He turns to put it on the counter and realizes his children are seated on the kitch floor with one of their two German Shepherds.  There is a LARGE PUDDLE on the kitchen tiles.
9) 7) dialog: Take him outside.  I'll call Dr. Reynolds. Morgan and Bo lead their dog out with worried expressions their faces. Graham grabs a handful of paper towels and places it on t puddle of urine.  The DOORBELL rings with Graham still on knees on the kitchen floor.  He leans back so he can see the hall. A balding police officer stands on the other side of the screen door.
9) 8) dialog: That was quick Edgar.  I only called you boys about two hours ago. OFFICER EDGAR PASKI nods that he knows.
11) 0) text: Officer Edgar Paski stands facing Graham fifty feet away. They are on opposite ends of the crop circle.  Beat. The crops all around them sway as the wind blows.  Beat.  Officer Paski yells over the wind.
11) 2) dialog: (yelling) Don't call me Father.
11) 4) dialog: (yelling) Don't call me Father.  It's just Graham now.
11) 6) dialog: (yelling) You said something was strange.  What's strange?
11) 8) dialog: (yelling) What about them?
12) 2) dialog: It's not broken.
12) 4) dialog: (softy) Can't be by hand... It's too perfect. Beat.
12) 7) dialog: What was the first thing?
12) 9) dialog: Sounds like a virus.
12) 11) dialog: (preoccupied) Edgar, please don't call me Father. The two men stand as the wind blows lightly around them.  Officer Paski notices the still expression on Graham's fa
12) 13) dialog: I don't hear my children.
13) 0) text: Morgan watches the thin line of smoke rising from the cha patties on the grill next to the overturned picnic table. Morgan's attention moves as the crops part and his father Officer Paski enter the backyard.  They stop cold when th look in his direction.  They begin a slow walk towards hi Morgan Hess is seated under the jungle gym with Houdini o his lap.  Morgan is petting Houdini's fur gently.  Bo is top of the jungle gym curled up in a ball. As Graham and Officer Paski get closer, they see Morgan i crying. Then they see the dog is laying on it side and has a BARB FORK DEEP IN ITS NECK. Beat. They stare at Morgan as he slowly pulls an inhaler from h pocket and brings it to his mouth.  He inhales the asthma spray.  Beat.  He lowers the inhaler so he can speak.
13) 2) dialog: Did he hurt you? Beat.  Morgan nods, "No."  His tough exterior breaks as h face starts to tremble.  He starts crying.  Graham picks up in his arms.
13) 3) dialog: (whispers in his ear) I'm so sorry Morgan. Graham reaches up for Bo.  She has dirt and tears on her face.  Beat.  She slowly climbs down.  Graham carries bot his children as they cry in his arms. He starts towards the house.  Merrill walks out from the holding a bowl of food.
13) 6) dialog: Please tie up Isabelle to the back of the shed.  Make sure the knot's tight. Merrill stands still with potato salad in his hands.  He nods. The children watch over their father's shoulder as Merril runs to their other German Shepherd sitting quietly near house and leads her by her collar across the yard to the shed. Graham reaches the porch of his house and opens the scree door. The last thing the children see as they enter the house, the image of Officer Paski pulling the barbecue fork out their dead dog's neck.
14) 0) text: Graham lies in bed.  He rests his cheek against the pillo he lies by himself.
14) 1) dialog: They're tough cookies, those two.  They think Houdini's playing with you up there. (beat) At least it got them to sleep. Graham stares off.  Beat.  He smiles a little.
14) 2) dialog: Okay Miss Puzzle Master.  I got one for you... What can make geometric shapes the size of a football field... and what would scare every animal in this county? (beat) Have you figured it out yet? (smiles) You probably have... (beat) Give me a hint Colleen... Is it bigger than a bread box?
16) 0) text: Graham opens his eyes slowly as he stirs from his sleep. daughter Bo stares at him from the edge of the bed.  She five inches away from his face. Graham gets startled.
16) 1) dialog: What's the matter?
16) 3) dialog: What's wrong with the water next to your bed?
16) 5) dialog: What's the rule about getting up in the middle of the night?
16) 7) dialog: Right. Graham leads his four-year old daughter down the darkened hall.
17) 0) text: Morgan's body is half off his bed.  Graham gently lifts h back onto the pillow and covers him up. There are two glasses of water on Bo's bedside table.  Gr moves to Bo's bed.  He sits on the edge of it.  She stare back at him as she holds her panda.
17) 1) dialog: (soft) What are you thinking about?
17) 3) dialog: (soft) It makes me feel better.
17) 5) dialog: (soft) No.
19) 2) dialog: This is not an intelligent way to approach this. Merrill opens the front door.  It's pitch black outside.  Merrill turn to Graham and gestures with his fingers.
19) 4) dialog: (whispering) Explain, act crazy?
19) 6) dialog: (whispering) I'm not going to curse.
19) 8) dialog: (whispering) It doesn't sound natural when I curse.
19) 10) dialog: (whispering) Explain noises.
19) 12) dialog: (whispering) No I'm not.
21) 0) text: Graham runs through the darkness around the first corner the house.  He waves his arms.
21) 1) dialog: Ahhhh... I'm insane with anger. Graham spots a LARGE FIGURE darting around the corner ahe of him.
21) 2) dialog: I've lost my mind!  It's time for an ass whoopin'!
23) 0) text: Graham and Merrill come screaming around two corners and to a stop facing each other.  Beat. They look around, panting heavily.
23) 1) dialog: I cursed.
23) 3) dialog: He's on the roof. They follow the roof around the corner.  They find themse in the backyard. Their eyes catch movement away from the house.  They just catch A GLIMPSE OF THE LARGE FIGURE as he disappears into crops.  The swing on the swing set is still moving from b hit. They stare across the yard silently.  ALL WE HEAR IS THEI HEAVY BREATHING.
23) 5) dialog: Yes it was.
24) 0) text: Officer Edgar Paski stands on the porch with his note pad open.  He faces Graham and Merrill.
24) 2) dialog: It does seem kind of odd doesn't it?
24) 4) dialog: He definitely wasn't a midget.
24) 6) dialog: (to Merrill) I would say so.
24) 10) dialog: Yes, it was.
24) 14) dialog: Edgar, it sounds as strange to me saying it, as it is to you hearing it.  But we couldn't see him.  He stayed mostly in the shadows.  All we could make out was movement. (beat) But I'll tell you something with absolute certainty.  There was someone watching our house last night.  He was looking in my children's windows and I want you to find him Edgar. (beat) I need you to take this seriously, just incase, it is something serious. The three men stand in the doorway.  Edgar opens his pad.
24) 17) dialog: Yes.
24) 19) dialog: Edgar, come inside. The three men follow Morgan into the house.  They pass through the family room where Bo stands at the television She is staring at the screen.  ON THE SCREEN IS AERIAL
24) 25) dialog: I have some upstairs. Graham starts out of the kitchen.
24) 28) dialog: Bo, can you turn down the volume until Officer Paski leaves? Bo nods and moves to the television.  The pack of men fol Graham up the STAIRS.
24) 30) dialog: He's telling you the truth, Edgar.  Whoever it was, is very strong and can jump pretty high. They arrive on the landing and follow Graham into his bedroom.  He moves into his BATHROOM. They all move in with him.
24) 32) dialog: Shoot, it needs a screw driver.  I have double A's in here. Graham waves the radio.  The men and Morgan move out of t bathroom.
24) 33) dialog: I know you're making a point Edgar.  I just don't know what it is. They moves down the STAIRS.
24) 36) dialog: Bo, you're too old to still be doing this.  The rule is, you take a glass of water, you finish it. (beat) Now what's wrong with this one? Bo stops looking through the sofa cushions and looks to h father.  Looks at the glass.
24) 38) dialog: This one?
24) 40) dialog: This one?
24) 45) dialog: I don't think so.
24) 47) dialog: No.
24) 50) dialog: No. Graham hands Morgan the monitor.  He turns it ON.  THERE STATIC CRACKLE WITH SPIKES OF SOUND.
24) 52) dialog: It's old Morgan. Morgan heads out of the kitchen.
25) 0) text: Graham moves to a windowsill where more glasses of water He picks them up.  Sees two more on the coffee table.  He gives up and puts the two glasses back on the windowsill.
25) 11) dialog: Turn up the volume Bo. Bo gets up.
26) 3) dialog: Six months. Edgar stares at Graham.
26) 4) dialog: And three weeks.
26) 6) dialog: It's good advice... (beat) Say hi to Marcia for me.
27) 5) dialog: No radio either... Just for a while. Morgan nods and then plops back into the backseat.
28) 0) text: Downtown Bucks County.  A group of small stores along a q street. The Hess station wagon pulls in front of a free parking meter. Graham steps out the driver's side and looks around.  Mer puts change in the meter. Morgan walks up to Graham with Bo.
28) 2) dialog: Only one. Morgan takes the money Graham gives him, then takes Bo's and walks down the sidewalk. Graham watches them turn into a store. Merrill steps onto the sidewalk.  Hands in his pockets as walks away. Graham turns and calls after him.
28) 3) dialog: (calls out) Meet back in fifteen minutes. Merrill waves over his shoulder.  He keeps walking. Graham starts across the street to the pharmacy.
30) 0) text: Graham waits at a white counter.  A gum chewing PHARMACIS her early twenties, who looks like she's in her teens, glances through back shelves of medicines as she listens the radio.
30) 3) dialog: For Morgan Hess.  And it's not Father anymore. The Pharmacist looks back at Graham and then reaches up a TURNS OFF THE RADIO.  She quietly finds the prescription the shelf and moves to the counter across from Graham. She doesn't ring it up.  She just stands there fiddling w the bag holding Morgan's medicine.  Beat.
30) 6) dialog: Tracey, I -- am -- not -- a -- reverend -- anymore.  I haven't been for six months.  You know this. Beat.  When Tracey speaks her VOICE IS A BIT SHAKY.
32) 2) dialog: I suppose it's in its usage.
32) 4) dialog: That's a curse.
34) 0) text: Merrill, Morgan and Bo are waiting in the parked car.  Be The driver's side opens and Graham sits in.
34) 2) dialog: I don't want any one of you spending time with Tracey Abernathy alone.  Is that understood? Beat.  Everyone nods, "yes." Graham puts the key in the ignition and turns the car on. Merrill watches as Graham's hand goes to put the car in reverse -- and then stops. Graham is staring out the windshield.  Merrill follows hi stare to a thin, thirty-year old man in a LEATHER JACKET coming out of a store.  Merrill's face changes expression too.  They both stare as the man passes in front of the c
36) 0) text: All four sit quietly not getting out. A MUFFLED SPIKE OF NOISE IS HEARD FROM THE BACK SEAT. Graham and Merrill turn and see Morgan pull the baby moni out of his jacket.  He holds it in his lap. Beat.
36) 5) dialog: It's just static Morgan.  Turn it up and see. Morgan turns a knob on the side.
36) 10) dialog: Let me see that please. Morgan hands Graham the monitor in the front seat.  THE B COME AND GO AS THEY GET COVERED BY THE STATIC.
36) 12) dialog: It's broken Morgan.  It'll just keep doing this. (beat) Let's get out of the car okay?
36) 14) dialog: We can't just sit in the car in our own driveway like this.
36) 16) dialog: I'm getting out now.
36) 28) dialog: It's probably picking up another baby monitor.
36) 39) dialog: See this is why we're not watching those news reports.  People get obsessed. (beat) I'm letting go now.
36) 44) dialog: Morgan?
36) 46) dialog: Morgan, be careful.
36) 53) dialog: Hold on. Graham cuts her off by taking a seat on the hood.  He tak hold of Bo.  All four are on the car now. Morgan stands up on the roof of the station wagon.  Merri holds him by the waist. Bo tries to get up onto the roof by climbing over Graham the windshield.  Graham boosts her up over his head with hands.
36) 54) dialog: Merrill you got her. Merrill reaches out his free hand.  Bo reaches out to him THE SOUND FROM THE MONITOR SUDDENLY CHANGES.
38) 0) text: Graham stands frozen looking across his yard.  Isabelle, dog turns in desperate circles behind him.  Graham's eyes stay focused on the same point in the darkness.  He talks no one.
38) 1) dialog: You know something?  Even entertaining the possibility of this for a minute has been exciting. Beat.  Graham starts to move.
38) 2) dialog: I can see how people can get carried away with this type of thing. Graham reaches the barbecue area.  There's a flashlight o the picnic table.  Graham TURNS THE FLASHLIGHT ON.  A NAR BEAM FALLS ON THE GRASS FIVE FEET AHEAD OF HIM. Graham starts toward the crops.
38) 3) dialog: It's a kind of faith.  It's an intoxicating thing to believe in something you can't see.
38) 5) dialog: You were always good at that... THE BEAM OF HIS FLASHLIGHT FINDS A NARROW PATH.  Graham starts following it.  His shoulders brush crops on either side.
38) 6) dialog: Believing in things you couldn't see. (beat) You would have been the first person on that station wagon wouldn't you?  You and Morgan would have been wrestling for that baby monitor. SOMETHING MOVES UP AHEAD. Graham stops.  HE SHINES HIS LIGHT DOWN THE PATH.  Nothin but crops disappearing into darkness.
38) 7) dialog: It'll be secretly kind of sad for everybody, when this turns out to be -- all just make believe. THERE'S MOVEMENT RIGHT NEXT TO HIM.  Graham spins and aim the FLASHLIGHT AT THE CROPS TO HIS RIGHT.  THE LIGHT ONLY PENETRATES A FEW FEET INTO THE CROPS.
38) 8) dialog: (yelling) You're wasting your time here!  I'm not going to report this or anything you do to me crops, to the news or TV or anybody!  You're not going to get famous! Beat.  There is no response.  GRAHAM CAN HEAR HIS OWN
39) 0) text: Graham steps into the kitchen.  His hair is messed.  His shirt has a few leaves from corn stalks stuck to it.  He locks the back door. The children don't notice his presence.  They're splashin each other at the sink as they clean the dinner dishes. Graham looks through the kitchen doorway to the family ro He sees Merrill there. Merrill's hands are in his pockets as he stares at the WO BASEBALL BAT mounted above the fireplace.  Merrill doesn' notice him either. Graham takes two steps to the kitchen table and slowly ta a seat.  His breathing is a slow controlled pant.  He run one shaky hand through his hair as he gathers himself and thinks.  His kind eyes stare down at the ground as he slo his mind.  Beat. Merrill is the first to notice him.  He moves from where baseball bat is hung, into the kitchen.  As he passes the children at the sink, he turns off the faucet. The children stop playing and look up to Merrill.  They follow his stare to the kitchen table. Beat.  Graham looks up at them.
39) 1) dialog: (soft) Okay. (beat) Let's turn on the TV.
40) 18) dialog: (preoccupied) Find another tape. Graham and Merrill sit down at the same time on the sofa. They both have the same dazed, slow movements. Morgan rummages through the pile of videos frantically. finds one and reaches for the VCR.
41) 0) text: The family room lights are off now.  The TV is still on. SOUND IS MUTED.  There are a couple glasses of Bo's water the television now. The fourteen lights are still hovering on the screen.  Mo is asleep on Graham's lap.  Bo is asleep on Merrill's shoulder.
41) 2) dialog: (whispers) That's true. Merrill looks his brother in the eyes.  Beat.
41) 4) dialog: (whispers) Yes.
41) 6) dialog: (whispers) That wasn't the answer you wanted?
41) 8) dialog: (whispers) ... There are all different ways you can tell that there's someone really there watching out for us.  You see signs.  Sometimes they're little ones.  You think of someone.  The phone rings.  They're on the phone... Sometimes they're big, like fourteen lights hovering over Mexico City. (beat) Sure, there are a lot of people watching this who think this could be a bad thing.  But there are a lot of people watching this, who think it's a miracle.  A sign of God's existence.  It's all in how you look at things Merrill. (beat) What you have to decide is what kind of person you are?  Are you the type who believes in miracles and looks for signs or are you the kind who believes, things just happen by chance? Beat.  Merrill is deep in thought.
41) 11) dialog: (whispers) There you go. Beat.
41) 13) dialog: (whispers) Do you feel comforted?
41) 15) dialog: (whispers) What does it matter then? The two of them turn back to the silent screen of the television.  It's a long beat before Graham speaks.
41) 16) dialog: (whispers) Do you know what Colleen's last words were before they killed her? Beat.  Merrill turns and stares quietly at his brother.
41) 17) dialog: (whispers) She said, "See", and then her eyes glazed a bit and she said... "Tell Merrill to swing away." Merrill's mouth opens a bit.  Graham turns and chuckles a his expression.
41) 18) dialog: (whispers) Do you know why she said that? Merrill nods, "No."
41) 19) dialog: (whispers) Because the nerve endings in her brain were firing as she died, and some random memory of us at one of your baseball games popped into her head. (beat) There is no one watching out for us Merrill.  We're all on our own. Graham turns back to the television.  Beat.
42) 0) text: Graham's eyes open.  DAYLIGHT FILLS the family room.  He alone on the couch.  Alone in the room. He looks to the television.  It's not there. Graham moves to his feet and look around the room.  His e stop on an EXTENSION CORD that runs from a wall outlet in family room, across the front hall, and under a closet do Graham moves to the door.  WE HEAR MUFFLED TELEVISION VOI Graham opens the CLOSET. Merrill looks up.  He's seated on a kitchen chair with th television on a roll-away stand crammed in with him.
42) 2) dialog: What's furry, furry rabbit?
42) 4) dialog: What time is it?
42) 9) dialog: The bird could have had a heart attack and crushed his head when he fell.
43) 0) text: We are inside Graham's bedroom facing his bathroom door, which is closed.  The same sun-faded outline of where a l cross used to hang, is stained on the wall next to the do Graham opens the bathroom door and steps out with wet hai He towels it dry as he moves to his bedroom window.
44) 0) text: Graham walks into the hall and looks in their room. Morgan and Bo are seated on the edge of their bed.  They TIN FOIL wrapped around their heads like a helmet.  Graha stares at his children.
44) 2) dialog: Oh.
44) 5) dialog: Who wrote this book? Graham looks on the back cover for a picture.  There's no there.
44) 7) dialog: That means they're unemployed. Morgan closes the book.
44) 10) dialog: I don't know what got into me. Beat.  Morgan puts the book on his father's lap.
44) 13) dialog: Bimboo?
44) 15) dialog: I just asked his name.
44) 20) dialog: Looks a little like our house doesn't it? Morgan and Bo lean in closer to look at the picture.  Bea
44) 23) dialog: That's enough from Dr. Bimboo for now.  Everybody in this house needs to calm down and eat some fruit or something. Graham steps out into the hallway.  He tucks the book und his arm and picks up the phone.
44) 26) dialog: Hello? NOTHING BUT DEAD AIR.  Graham looks at the receiver and t slowly hangs it up. Graham walks down the hall to a small window. The window looks down the driveway and out onto the road. Graham stares into the distance.  About a half-mile away see the TIP OF A HOUSE.  Graham gazes at it for a beat.
45) 0) text: Graham comes down the stairs with his overcoat on.  He mo to the closet door and knocks on it before opening it. Merrill looks up from the television.
45) 1) dialog: I'm going out for a few minutes.  No one leaves this house.  No one. Merrill nods.
45) 3) dialog: Ray Reddy's house. Graham starts down the hall.  Merrill steps out of the cl for the first time.  He looks down the hall shocked.
45) 5) dialog: I think he just called here.
47) 0) text: A mailbox reads "R. Reddy." There is a gray and white house at the end of the quarter mile driveway.  We saw the roof of this house from the He hallway window. Graham stands at the front door and RINGS THE DOORBELL AG Beat.  Graham tries to look inside.  Curtains block his v Graham walks around the porch.  Turns the corner of the house.  He looks in a side window.
48) 0) text: The passenger side window of the truck is open.  Graham s up to it and looks inside.  The thin man with the leather jacket, we saw in town, sits behind the wheel.  He stares the windshield.  He is covered in sweat.
48) 1) dialog: Hello Ray. RAY REDDY doesn't look over.  Doesn't react.  Keeps stari Ray clutches the steering wheel tightly, turning his knuc a yellow white. Graham glances to the backseat of the truck.  There are t large bags over flowing with clothes. Graham's eyes gently move back to Ray and drift down to t TWO BLOOD STAINED AREA ON HIS SHIRT.  Beat.
48) 2) dialog: What happened Ray? Beat.  Ray doesn't look over when he speaks.
48) 4) dialog: (soft) You're welcome Ray. Tears start falling down Ray's face.
48) 7) dialog: Where you going Ray?
48) 9) dialog: Ray, did you see one of them? Ray looks at Graham.
49) 0) text: The door swings open slowly.  Graham steps into Ray Reddy kitchen. Cabinets are open.  Dishes are broken.  Chairs are turned over.  The faucet is running full blast. Graham's eyes move across the room.  The kitchen table is upside down and leaned up against the pantry door.
49) 2) text: Graham takes a few conservative steps to the middle of th kitchen. He leans a little bit and listens.  From behind the pantr door WE HEAR THE SOUND OF BREATHING.  THERE ARE QUIET
49) 7) dialog: Hello. THE SHADOW STOPS MOVING. Beat.
49) 8) dialog: (loud) The police are here... I am with them... I am a police officer. (beat) I just want to talk to you. SILENCE.  There is no movement from the pantry.  Beat.
49) 9) dialog: (loud) We know all about the hoax.  We already took some of your friends downtown in the paddy wagon. (mouths to himself) Paddy wagon?
49) 11) dialog: If you tell us your name and why you did it, we'll give you the same deal we gave the others.  Don't throw away your life son. Beat. Graham bends down where he stands.  He puts his head near wood floor.  He tries to look under the door.  All he can are the bottoms of a couple shelves in the corner of the pantry.  He's at too severe an angle. Graham sits up.  He's only four feet away from the pantry door.  He looks around not knowing what to do.  His eyes on a bunch of kitchen knives that have spilled from a dra onto the floor. He takes a butcher knife from the group and moves closer the door.  Beat.  He reaches with the butcher knife underneath the slanted kitchen table.  He uses the knife a mirror to see under the door.  Graham watches the SOFT
50) 0) text: The station wagon knocks over the "Ray Reddy" mailbox as turns sharply onto the road. Graham picks up speed as he passes the wall of crops on h right. THE STATION WAGON SUDDENLY BRAKES. Two black skid marks form on the road as the station wago comes to a fast stop. Beat.  Graham gets out of the car.  He walks a few feet a of the station wagon.  He bends down in the middle of the road. A BIRD lays limp on the asphalt.  Its head is crushed. Graham gazes at the still pile of feathers.  Beat. Graham turns and looks straight up at the BLUE, CLOUDLESS above him.
50) 1) dialog: (soft) Douche bag.
51) 0) text: Graham enters his front hall.  He closes the door and loc it behind him.  He turns and looks into the family room. Morgan and Bo and Merrill are seated together on the sofa All three are wearing foil helmets.  Beat.
51) 2) dialog: Tell me something Morgan.  In that book of your, did they happen to detail what would happen if they were hostile?
51) 5) dialog: Did they say what our chances would be if they did invade?
51) 7) dialog: What's two?
51) 9) dialog: What do you think about the idea that they don't like places near water, and we might be safe from them near a lake or something?
51) 11) dialog: We can choose to believe it and pack up and leave. (beat) Or we can stay here.  Board up this house.  Hide inside our home and wait it out.  Either way, at least we'll be together. (beat) All those in favor of the lake, raise your hand. No one raises their hand.
51) 12) dialog: All those in favor of home, raise your hand. All four put their hands in the air.  Beat.  They lower t and sit in silence.
51) 14) dialog: (soft) Because, they seem to have trouble with pantry doors.
52) 0) text: WE ARE WATCHING THE HOUSE FROM THE CROPS.  We see Graham inside the house, closing the window shutters in one room after another. WE SEE a stack of wooden boards on the porch. OUR VIEW MOVES to the barn where Isabelle is tied.  She i not pacing.  She is not barking.  She sits staring right us.  She is shivering. OUR VIEW MOVES to the garage building where we see Merril carry a huge pile of his clothes and things down the stai He's moving into the main house. Merrill walks across the yard.  His eyes look around carefully as he moves. Part of the pile in his arms falls to the grass as he cro the lawn.  He stops walking and starts to gather up the fallen things.  He picks up a couple shirts and two baseb encased in glass cases. The glass encasing one of the souvenir baseballs, has cracked.  He takes the ball out.  Stares at it. We watch from the crops as Merrill puts down his pile of clothes and things on the grass.  He looks around and fin what he's looking for.  A rake. Merrill unscrews the fork on the rake from the wooden han With the wooden stick in one hand and the souvenir baseba in the other, he turns to face the crops.
52) 19) dialog: They decided to show themselves. Beat.
52) 25) dialog: I'm going to get back to the windows. Bo watches as Graham leaves the doorway of the closet.  S turns back to the television. Beat.  Merrill leans down between his niece and nephew.
54) 0) text: Graham sits in a chair by the windows.  He has a board on lap.  He has a hammer in his hands.  Graham drowns in his thoughts as the skies darken behind him.
55) 0) text: Graham, Bo and Morgan are seated in the upstairs hallway. There's a couple boards left leaning against the walls. Merrill comes out of the children's room with his tools.
55) 2) dialog: We'll have to board up the bedroom doors.
55) 4) dialog: The family room. Everyone sits quietly for a moment.
55) 6) dialog: We'll keep her in the garage, after dinner. Beat.
55) 10) dialog: Spaghetti sounds great. Merrill glances at Graham.
55) 11) dialog: What do you want, Morgan? Beat.
55) 14) dialog: Now we're talking. (beat) How about you Merrill? Graham turns and looks at Merrill.  They stare at each ot quietly.  They have a conversation without words.  Beat.
55) 16) dialog: Good choice... I'm going to have a cheeseburger with bacon. (smiles) Extra bacon.
57) 1) dialog: What's the matter with everyone?  Eat. No one says anything.  No one eats. Beat.
57) 4) dialog: I don't want to hear anymore talk like that.  And I don't want to see anymore faces like the ones I'm looking at. (beat) We are going to enjoy this meal.  Nothing can stop us from enjoying this meal!  Enjoy! Bo sits next to her three glasses of water and begins to
57) 5) dialog: Stop crying!
57) 7) dialog: Fine, if you all don't want to eat, then I'm going to have some of everything. Graham takes big scoops of every dish and piles it on his plate.  He digs his fork into the pile and starts to shov in his mouth.  He swallows.
57) 8) dialog: This tastes so great. Bo, Morgan and Merrill watch in stunned silence as Graham stuffs more in his mouth.  He chews and chews and swallow hard.  He digs his fork into the pile again. Graham starts crying as he eats.  He keeps taking more bi More tears fall. Morgan gets up from his seat.  He goes to Graham's chair. leans against his dad's arm and cries with him.  Graham's fork stops moving.  He watches as Bo moves from her seat his other side.  She holds her dad's arm and cries. Beat.  Graham pulls them both up onto the chair with him hugs them tight.  Merrill leans forward and comes to the on Graham's chair.  Merrill buries his head in Graham's shoulder.  The Hess family huddles together at one end of table.  Beat. THE BABY MONITOR EXPLODES WITH STATIC AND NOISE. Everyone slowly turns and looks over to Morgan's place setting where the baby monitor sits on the table.  THE RE LIGHTS ON THE FRONT ARE ALL LIT UP. Merrill sits up.  Graham puts down the children from his He gets up from his seat and moves around the table and o of the dinning room.  He moves through the family room an into the hall. Graham opens the closet door and looks in at the televisi He turns it ON. Beat.  THE EMERGENCY BROADCAST SYMBOL IS ON THE SCREEN. LOW TONE EMITS FROM THE TV.  Beat.  Graham changes statio
57) 10) dialog: (soft) It's happening.
58) 0) text: Merrill pounds furiously with his hammer as he nails boar to the children's bedroom door.  The master bedroom door open with a board leaning next to it.  Graham is inside h bedroom
59) 0) text: Graham walks to the window next to his bed.  It's the sam one we've looked out twice before. Graham looks out onto his backyard.  The FLOOD LIGHT FROM HOUSE THROWS LONG SHADOWS OVER THE YARD.  There is a ligh breeze.  Nothing seems wrong. Graham's eyes stay locked on the crops which go on and on into darkness.  He moves closer to the glass.  Watches th top of the corn stalks swaying slightly with the wind. SOMETHING MOVES IN THE DARKNESS. Graham's eyes moves to where the corn crops fade into bla forty feet away.  Graham goes very still.
60) 0) text: Merrill immediately puts the wooden board up and starts hammering nails into the frame.  Graham picks up his hamm and quietly begins to hammer nails into the wood. Graham glances to his right as he works.  Bo and Morgan a standing together at the top of the stairs.  Bo holds Morgan's hand. Graham keeps hammering as he speaks.
60) 1) dialog: Did I ever tell you what everyone said when you were born, Bo? Bo nods "no" lightly.
60) 2) dialog: You came out of your momma and you didn't even cry.  You just opened your eyes and looked around at everybody.  Your eyes were so big and gorgeous, the ladies in the room gasped. Graham stops hammering.  Merrill keeps going.
60) 3) dialog: They literally gasped. (Graham gasps like them) Then they go, "She's like an angel."  They said, "We've never seen a baby so beautiful." Graham smiles to himself as he remembers the moment.  Mer finishes hammering. Graham goes over and picks up Bo.
60) 4) dialog: (soft) And you know what else happened? Bo nods, "no."
60) 5) dialog: (soft) When they put you on the table to clean you up, you looked at me and smiled.  They say babies that young can't smile... You smiled. Graham looks at his daughter quietly.  He brushes the hai out of her face as Merrill moves to Morgan and picks him All four turn and look at the three boarded up bedroom do Beat.
60) 6) dialog: (soft) Let's go down now.
61) 0) text: Graham puts Bo down in the hallway.  She stands close to Merrill puts down Morgan.  The four of them stand quietly a tight group. THEY HEAR FRANTIC BARKING IN THE DISTANCE.
61) 7) dialog: (soft) They already know we're here.
61) 16) dialog: Do you know what happened when you were born Morgan? Morgan looks at his father, unable to speak.
61) 17) dialog: You came out and your momma kept bleeding.  The doctors rushed you out of the room before I could even see you. THERE ARE THUDS ABOVE THEM. All four look up.
61) 19) dialog: While they were trying to fix her up, all she kept asking about was you. THEY LISTEN AS THE THUDS INCREASE IN NUMBER.
61) 22) dialog: I wanted your momma to see you first.  She had dreamed about you her whole life. (beat) They waited till she felt better, then they brought you in.  They placed you right in her arms.  And she looked at you.  And you looked at her.  You just stared at each other for the longest time and then she said real soft, "Hello Morgan, I'm you momma, you look just like I dreamed." Graham smiles down at his son who smiles gently back. SCRATCHING NOISES BEGIN TO COME FROM UPSTAIRS. The group of four turns and watches the top of the stairs The BEDROOM DOOR HANDLES ARE BEING RATTLED. Merrill's eyes moves quietly above the bedroom doors, to ceiling of the upstairs hallway.  He stares at a rectangl the ceiling.  A tiny rope hangs from the rectangle.  Beat
62) 0) text: Graham and Merrill stare up at the ceiling.  There is movement right above them.  Dust falls from a ceiling lig right next to them. The rope hanging from the attic trapdoor hangs between th They watch as it begins to twitch and sway. The springs in the trap door begins to GROAN.  The door starts to fall open. Merrill and Graham raise their arms above their head and reach up.  The door opens a few inches.  Merrill is talle The door presses against his fingers first.  It gives a f more inches before Merrill stops it. Graham's finger are barely touching it.  Merrill's face t red with strain as something pushes down on the door.
62) 2) dialog: How temporary? Merrill's face is a deep crimson.
62) 4) dialog: Let go. Merrill hesitates and then lowers the attic trapdoor.  It connects with the top of the closet door and stops.  The trapdoor is now open almost a foot... We can now see part the bottom step of the wooden pull out stairs that lead t the attic. Merrill and Graham step away as the closet folding door h the weight of the attic door. After a moment, the spring on the attic trapdoor recoils the pressure is let up.  The trapdoor closes.  Beat. It opens with force, slamming the top of the standing clo door with a THUD. The attic trapdoor closes again.  Opens again with force. THUD. The closet folding door begins to pull away from the hing keeping it upright. Graham moves down the stairs.  Merrill follows him.
64) 0) text: The swinging door swings open and closed behind Merrill a enters the kitchen. Graham has moved the chairs away from the kitchen table a waits by it.  Merrill goes over and the two of them push table against the swinging door. They take the kitchen chairs and pile a couple on top, an jam the rest underneath the table. Graham leans against the kitchen counter.  Merrill stares the pile of furniture.
64) 2) dialog: We have to go in the basement. Graham points to a set of narrow stairs that lead to a darkened door at the bottom.
64) 4) dialog: Did I ever tell you, I dislocated Uncle Merrill's arm? THUD.
64) 6) dialog: They're right behind the door. Merrill looks at the boarded up back door.  Graham turns Bo and Morgan who stand against the wall.
64) 7) dialog: He was only a year and half old.
64) 9) dialog: He was trying to eat a second chocolate bar.  Your grandma said, "No."  He tried to take a bite, so I grabbed it. THUD WITH A CRACK OF WOOD FROM UPSTAIRS.  Merrill turns a stares at the barricaded entrance to the kitchen.
64) 10) dialog: I must have pulled his arm at an awkward angle.  His elbow popped right out of the socket.
64) 15) dialog: He didn't scream or anything.  His arm just flopped to his side and he got real still.
64) 17) dialog: I held him in my lap in the back seat as we drove to the hospital.  I couldn't stop crying... We need to go into the basement now. Graham gestures for the kids to come to the stairs.  Morg and Bo move to their father slowly.
64) 18) dialog: You know what your Uncle Merrill did right after the doctor put his arm back in place?  He jumped off the table and gave me a hug.  He had already forgotten that I was the one who hurt him. Graham ushers the two children down the stairs.  He waits Merrill.  Merrill turns from the kitchen door and walks toward him.  Merrill stops and looks down the stairs.
64) 20) dialog: I'm sorry I hurt your arm. Beat.  Merrill's eyes fill with water.  He doesn't look u his older brother.
65) 0) text: Graham comes down the last few steps and enters the basem
65) 2) dialog: We need something to wedge against the doorknob. The basement is lined with metal shelves.  The shelves ar cluttered with all sorts of canned goods, extension cords cleaning supplies, decorations, outdoor tools.  Merrill rummages through the shelves frantically.
65) 4) dialog: You're scaring your sister.
65) 6) dialog: Merrill --
65) 9) dialog: Merrill!
65) 24) dialog: Where's Bo?
65) 35) dialog: (in the dark) I can't even imagine.
65) 43) dialog: They're just making noises.  They're not trying to get in. (beat) Why are they doing that? Graham looks at Merrill's corner of the darkness.  Morgan moves his BEAM ONTO MERRILL.
65) 45) dialog: They're distracting us?
65) 50) dialog: Morgan, give me your flashlight. Morgan puts the FLASHLIGHT ON THE GROUND AND ROLLS IT ACR
65) 53) dialog: Is there an air vent in here? Merrill moves next to Graham.  ANOTHER BANG FROM THE DOOR They aim their FLASHLIGHTS IN ONE CORNER OF THE ROOM.  Th brothers move in opposite directions.
65) 59) dialog: I can feel air.
65) 61) dialog: It's getting stronger.
65) 82) dialog: Pull him!
65) 104) dialog: We don't have his medicine. Merrill looks at his nephew turning gray. Graham pulls Morgan closer to his body and talks into the child's ear.
65) 105) dialog: Don't be scared Morgan.  We'll slow it down together.  Feel my chest.  Feel it going in and out.  Breathe like me.  Breathe like me. Morgan's throat is closing -- his face is filled with str and panic.
65) 107) dialog: Stay with me.  Stay with me.  I know it hurts.  Be strong baby... It'll pass. Graham closes his eyes -- talks to the darkness.
65) 108) dialog: Don't do this to me again.  Not again. Merrill stares at his brother's desperate face. Graham's eyes open as Morgan's tiny fingers press down on Graham's hand.  The fingers squeeze with all the strength they have. Graham looks to Merrill helplessly.  Merrill's eyes fill with water. Graham's eyes close.
65) 109) dialog: I hate you.  I hate you... Graham's eyes open as he leans in close to Morgan's ear.
65) 110) dialog: The fear is feeding it... Don't be afraid of what's happening... Believe it's going to pass... Believe it... Just wait... Don't be afraid... The air is coming... Believe... We don't have to be afraid... It's about to pass... Here it comes... Don't be afraid... Here comes the air...
65) 113) dialog: There we go... We don't have to be scared at all... We know it'll pass.  We believe it... Don't be afraid Morgan. Morgan's fingers relax a little on Graham's hand.
65) 116) dialog: Feel my chest... Breathe with me.  Together... The air is going in our lungs... Together... We're the same.  We're the same. Merrill watches as Morgan's chest starts to move in sync Graham's.
65) 119) dialog: (soft) I hate you. Morgan's fingers relax on Graham's hand.  Merrill watches father and son breathe together.  Merrill and Bo hold eac other tight.
66) 8) dialog: They're broadcasting...
66) 11) dialog: How many died?
66) 13) dialog: How do they know it's over?
66) 16) dialog: No.
66) 18) dialog: (soft) Okay. Beat. THERE'S A WHEEZING SOUND FROM THE CORNER OF THE ROOM.  Gr and Merrill turn to look at Morgan -- laying down on Merrill's folded sweater.  Morgan's breathing is strained He still looks grey.
66) 20) dialog: Have they said anything about our area?
66) 22) dialog: (whispers) He's not strong enough to fight off another attack.
66) 28) dialog: Me too.
68) 6) dialog: Get the syringe as well.  We might need to give him an epinephrine shot. Merrill nods as he begins to search the piles of things t have fallen from the cabinets.
69) 6) dialog: You want to see it? Morgan nods, "yes" as he struggles to breathe.
69) 7) dialog: I'll bring the TV in here.
70) 0) text: Graham pulls the television into the family room.  Carefu not to trip it on the carpet. THE GLASS OF THE TELEVISION IS LIKE A MIRROR. Graham moves the television into position.  THE BLACK SCR REFLECTS THE FAMILY ROOM BEHIND GRAHAM AS IT TURNS.
70) 8) dialog: (soft) He's reading my --
71) 5) dialog: There was an accident.  Drunk driving.  They weren't sure.
71) 7) dialog: Is he okay?
71) 9) dialog: She's talking... Which ambulance is she in? Beat.
71) 11) dialog: Why not?
71) 13) dialog: Pinned?  What does that mean? Beat.
71) 15) dialog: What did you say? Beat.
71) 17) dialog: Edgar. (he starts crying) Is this the last time I'm going to talk to my wife? Beat.
72) 0) text: The other officers turn and look as Graham walks by them. walks on, unaware of the stares. He slows as he reaches the back bumper of the truck.  It sticks out onto the road a few feet.  He comes around the side of the vehicle. COLLEEN HESS is beautiful in a delicate way.  Her straigh brown hair falls down over her small face.  She leans ove the front bumper of the truck onto the hood.  Her head re on her arms like a child resting on a school desk.  Her b is against a tree.  The lower half of her is obscured by truck. She's able to raise her head and shoulders as Graham walk to her.  She is shivering slightly.
72) 2) dialog: Hi baby. Graham glances down.  There are bundles of blood soaked blankets in the area below her.  They peek out under the twisted front of the truck.  Graham looks up quickly.
72) 4) dialog: You love walks. Beat.
72) 6) dialog: Does it hurt?
72) 8) dialog: Good. Graham touches her cheek.  She starts crying.  Graham sta crying with her.
72) 10) dialog: (crying) ... I will.
72) 12) dialog: (crying) ... I will.
72) 14) dialog: (crying) I'm here.
72) 17) dialog: (soft) What? (beat) Colleen?... Colleen? WE ARE OVERCOME BY A BRIGHT WHITE.
73) 11) dialog: (soft) Swing away, Merrill. Morgan's face is obscured by gas.
73) 12) dialog: (loud) Merrill. Merrill turns and looks to Graham.
73) 13) dialog: Swing away. Graham's eyes are not on Merrill.  Merrill follows his ey line to the baseball bat mounted above him. Beat.  Merrill reaches up and takes the bat off its resti place. The creature starts to move. Merrill's hands tighten around the handle as he walks forward.  He stops.  His weight shifts to his right leg. The creature begins to turn and becomes more visible as i lines and colors don't match in position in the room. Merrill's left leg goes out.  His torso and shoulders tur with staggering speed and strength.  The bat slices throu the air of the family room... Contact. The creature gets HAMMERED across the back with the baseb bat. Morgan is dropped.  He falls to the carpet of the family in an unnatural crumpled pile.  His arms and legs flop lifelessly to the carpet. The creature turns to face Merrill.  All the creature see the BLUR OF WOOD as Merrill swings like a lumberjack.  SL The creature falls to the ground. Graham takes Bo by the hand and moves to Morgan.  Graham picks up his son's limp body in his arms. The creature moves to its feet. Merrill's hands choke up on the bat.  Merrill's eyes are fire. Graham leans down and picks up the full syringe of medici on the ground. Merrill SCREAMS as he swings again.  His powerful muscles pull his shoulders whipping around.  The bat connects wit the creature across its chest.  The creature is thrown ba into the wall.  Two glass of water fall off a shelf and C ONTO THE CREATURE'S SHOULDER.  The water connects with it skin.  The creature makes a HIGH PITCHED INHALE SOUND. Bo and Graham look up.
74) 0) text: Graham carries Morgan through the kitchen and out the bac door.  Morgan's arms and legs swing limp as Graham walks. Morgan's head bobs back from its own weight as Graham ste outside.
77) 0) text: Merrill and Bo find Graham kneeling in the grass.  Morgan lays limp in his arms.  They kneel down in the grass with him. Merrill sees the empty syringe in Graham's hand.  He look Morgan.  The boy's head is tilted back.  His tiny mouth h open unnaturally.
77) 1) dialog: His lungs were closed. (beat) His lungs were closed.  No poison got in... No poison got in. Merrill stares at Morgan.  His body is utterly still.
77) 2) dialog: His lungs were closed. Merrill reaches for Morgan's still hand.
77) 3) dialog: Don't touch him.
77) 6) dialog: Don't touch him. Bo is crying.
77) 8) dialog: Don't. Beat.
77) 11) dialog: Yeah baby.  I think someone did.