7) 0) text: Graham bangs open the back screen door and runs into the backyard.  He spins as he looks around. Merrill, now with a T-shirt and jeans, rumbles down the s stairs adjacent to the garage building. Merrill and Graham make eye contact as they approach each other across the yard.
7) 1) dialog: Where are they? Graham looks around -- panic growing in his eyes.
8) 0) text: The tall stalks of corn smack Graham and Merrill's faces they run through the crops. A LITTLE GIRL appears in the crops thirty feet ahead of t like an apparition.  She is in her nightgown.  She is fou They reach her fast.  She stands unaware of them in a daz Her hair is messed from sleep.
8) 11) text: Graham Hess looks around in a daze as he walks out into t center.  Merrill, Bo and Morgan follow him. The dogs keep running and barking as WE PULL BACK AND REV
13) 4) dialog: I used a little Tabasco in the potato salad. Merrill sees Houdini lying under the jungle gym.
18) 0) text: GREY SNOW FILLS THE SCREEN.  Merrill sleeps in front of t family room television. A hand gently shakes him.  Merrill wakes and looks up at brother zipping up his overcoat.
19) 0) text: Merrill quickly puts on his boots at the front door.
19) 1) dialog: Okay, this guy is trying to scare us.  He's messed with our property, he's coming around the house.  It's time for an ass whoopin'!
19) 3) dialog: (whispering) We both go outside and move around the house in opposite directions.  We act crazy, insane with anger.  Make him crap in his pants and force him around till we meet up on the other side. Merrill brings his fingers together at the end of a circl
19) 5) dialog: (whispering) Curse and stuff.
19) 7) dialog: (whispering) You don't mean it.  It's just for show.
19) 9) dialog: (whispering) Just make noises then.
19) 11) dialog: (whispering) Are you going to do this or what?
19) 13) dialog: (whispering) You want him coming in the house next time? Beat. They HEAR MOVEMENT OUTSIDE.  Merrill and Graham look out the darkness.
19) 14) dialog: (hushed tone) On the count of three. (beat) One... two... three. Merrill and Graham go out the front door in opposite directions.
20) 0) text: Merrill is in a full sprint.  He hugs the side of the building as he runs.
20) 1) dialog: We're gonna beat your ass bitch!
22) 0) text: Merrill turns a corner full speed.  THE LARGE FIGURE HAS
22) 3) dialog: I'm gonna tear your head off! Merrill charges.  WE JUST MAKE OUT MOVEMENT IN THE DARKNE AS THE FIGURE DISAPPEARS AROUND THE CORNER.
23) 0) text: Graham and Merrill come screaming around two corners and to a stop facing each other.  Beat. They look around, panting heavily.
23) 2) dialog: I heard. Graham's eyes drift above them.
23) 4) dialog: It was very dark.
24) 0) text: Officer Edgar Paski stands on the porch with his note pad open.  He faces Graham and Merrill.
24) 7) dialog: Probably.
24) 9) dialog: It was very dark.
24) 23) dialog: I don't know any girls can run like that. Graham opens one of the cabinets and pulls down some batteries.  He hands them to Morgan.
24) 27) dialog: This guy got on the roof in like a second.
24) 29) dialog: That roof is over ten feet high.
24) 42) dialog: Excluding the possibility that a female Scandinavian Olympian was running around outside our house last night, what else is a possibility?
24) 48) dialog: No. Morgan hands Graham the baby monitor and Graham starts replacing the batteries.
24) 53) dialog: Listen, I was out of line with that whole female Scandinavian Olympian thing. Edgar nods.
24) 54) dialog: It's just that, I'm pretty strong and pretty fast.  And I was running as fast as I could.  And this guy... (embarrassed smile) He was just toying with us. Beat.  Merrill walks out of the kitchen.  Graham watches Edgar think it over.
31) 0) text: Merrill stares up at a poster with a muscular guy in an A uniform standing at attention on a beach. We are in a narrow ARMY RECRUITING CENTER.  Inside the sm storefront space is a desk.  A gentleman sporting a CREWC sits behind it. A young man, Merrill's age, sits at a side card table fil out some forms.
31) 2) dialog: You do?
31) 4) dialog: (doesn't see) I see.
31) 6) dialog: Clear for what? The crewcut guy savors the beat of silence.
31) 8) dialog: You have a pamphlet or something I can read? The crewcut guy reaches to a stack of brochures.  Picks t top brochure and hands it to Merrill. The crewcut guy begins to stare at Merrill closely.
31) 11) dialog: (soft) I got the bat at home... On the wall.
31) 13) dialog: Five.  The five longest.
31) 16) dialog: Hello Lionel. LIONEL smirks.
31) 19) dialog: Felt wrong not to swing. Beat.  The crewcut guy shakes his head.  Merrill turns an starts walking. As he passes Lionel, Merrill makes a small, quick move in Lionel's direction, like he might hit him.  Lionel flinch and covers his face. Merrill walks out the door of the army recruiting office.
34) 0) text: Merrill, Morgan and Bo are waiting in the parked car.  Be The driver's side opens and Graham sits in.
34) 1) dialog: Pharmacy crowded?
34) 4) dialog: (soft) Yeah. Everyone in the car watches the man in the leather jacket he steps off the sidewalk towards the truck.  It's here t he notices the stares.  He glances up to see the faces watching him from the station wagon. The leather jacketed man keeps moving to his truck.  He g in, turns it on, and without looking over to the station wagon, backs out of the parking lot. Beat.  The Hess family sits quietly.
36) 0) text: All four sit quietly not getting out. A MUFFLED SPIKE OF NOISE IS HEARD FROM THE BACK SEAT. Graham and Merrill turn and see Morgan pull the baby moni out of his jacket.  He holds it in his lap. Beat.
36) 2) dialog: All this crop stuff.  They did it twenty-five years ago.  It was a joke.
36) 11) dialog: It's noise.
36) 15) dialog: We'll look like mental patients. Beat.  Nobody gets out of the station wagon.
36) 29) dialog: That's right.
36) 32) dialog: Let me see it. Beat.  Graham moves.  He hands the monitor over the hood. Merrill reaches for it.
36) 42) dialog: You'll lose the signal! Graham looks at Merrill, who's now one of them.  Beat. Morgan is the first one to move.
36) 47) dialog: I got him. Merrill climbs up over the side and joins Morgan on the r Merrill keeps a hand on his nephew.  Morgan raises the monitor above his head. THE RED LIGHTS ON THE BABY MONITOR ALL TURN ON.
39) 0) text: Graham steps into the kitchen.  His hair is messed.  His shirt has a few leaves from corn stalks stuck to it.  He locks the back door. The children don't notice his presence.  They're splashin each other at the sink as they clean the dinner dishes. Graham looks through the kitchen doorway to the family ro He sees Merrill there. Merrill's hands are in his pockets as he stares at the WO BASEBALL BAT mounted above the fireplace.  Merrill doesn' notice him either. Graham takes two steps to the kitchen table and slowly ta a seat.  His breathing is a slow controlled pant.  He run one shaky hand through his hair as he gathers himself and thinks.  His kind eyes stare down at the ground as he slo his mind.  Beat. Merrill is the first to notice him.  He moves from where baseball bat is hung, into the kitchen.  As he passes the children at the sink, he turns off the faucet. The children stop playing and look up to Merrill.  They follow his stare to the kitchen table. Beat.  Graham looks up at them.
40) 12) dialog: The crazies were right. Beat.  Everyone just watches the fourteen lights hovering the screen.
41) 0) text: The family room lights are off now.  The TV is still on. SOUND IS MUTED.  There are a couple glasses of Bo's water the television now. The fourteen lights are still hovering on the screen.  Mo is asleep on Graham's lap.  Bo is asleep on Merrill's shoulder.
41) 1) dialog: (whispers) Some people are probably thinking this is the end of the world. Graham turns his sleepy eyes away from the screen to Merr
41) 3) dialog: (whispers) Do you think it's a possibility?
41) 5) dialog: (whispers) How can you say that?
41) 7) dialog: (whispers) Can you at least pretend to be like you used to be?  Give me some comfort? Beat.  Graham thinks it over.
41) 9) dialog: I was at this party once.  I'm on a couch with Sara Mckinney.  She was just sitting there, looking beautiful and staring at me.  I go to lean in and kiss her and I realize I have gum in my mouth.  I turn and take out the gum.  Stuff it in my paper cup next to the sofa and turn around.  Sara Mckinney throws up all over herself. (beat) I knew the second it happened.  It was a miracle.  I could have been kissing her when she threw up.  That would have scarred me for life.  I may never have recovered. Merrill looks at the TV screen.  Beat.
41) 10) dialog: I'm a miracle man.  Those lights are a miracle. Graham smiles.
41) 12) dialog: (whispers) So which type are you? Beat.
41) 14) dialog: (whispers) Yes.
42) 0) text: Graham's eyes open.  DAYLIGHT FILLS the family room.  He alone on the couch.  Alone in the room. He looks to the television.  It's not there. Graham moves to his feet and look around the room.  His e stop on an EXTENSION CORD that runs from a wall outlet in family room, across the front hall, and under a closet do Graham moves to the door.  WE HEAR MUFFLED TELEVISION VOI Graham opens the CLOSET. Merrill looks up.  He's seated on a kitchen chair with th television on a roll-away stand crammed in with him.
42) 1) dialog: For the kids protection.  All they were doing was watching TV from five a.m.  I felt like they were getting obsessed like you said.  They should be playing furry, furry rabbit or tea party or something right?
42) 3) dialog: (points) That's a game isn't it? (beat) Anyway... (points at the TV) There's been some interesting developments.
42) 5) dialog: Eleven a.m.  They're gone. Beat.  Graham looks at the TV screen.  There's a daylight shot of Mexico City.  The skies are empty above it.
42) 6) dialog: But they're not really gone.  We just can't see them.  Early this morning a bird flew right at the area where the lights were hovering last night. Merrill puts a finger in the sky on the screen.
42) 7) dialog: It stopped dead in the air and fell straight down. Merrill's finger trails to the bottom of the screen.
42) 8) dialog: They caught it on tape and they've been playing it all morning.  They found the bird.  His head crushed in.  When you see the footage it looks like the bird flew into a wall in the sky. (beat) They think they have some invisible shield thing going, like an optical illusion.
42) 10) dialog: Already thought of.  Two other birds did the same thing an hour later.  Not as dramatic.  They lived.  But you could see they hit something. Graham looks at the empty sky on the screen with differen eyes.
42) 11) dialog: They're still there hovering.  In fact, some people think there's more of them now.  All over the place.  Over us even. (beat) And there's a theory about the crop circles now.  They think it could be some kind of landmark, visual mapping system -- so they can navigate.  Coordinate.  Makes sense doesn't it?
44) 16) dialog: You had a tone. Beat.  Graham acknowledges with a nod that he did have a tone.
45) 0) text: Graham comes down the stairs with his overcoat on.  He mo to the closet door and knocks on it before opening it. Merrill looks up from the television.
45) 2) dialog: Where are you going?
45) 4) dialog: Why? Graham unlocks the front door.
48) 13) text: Merrill's head is leaned against a bunch of winter coats. His eyes are closed.
48) 40) dialog: Move children!  Vamonos!
51) 0) text: Graham enters his front hall.  He closes the door and loc it behind him.  He turns and looks into the family room. Morgan and Bo and Merrill are seated together on the sofa All three are wearing foil helmets.  Beat.
51) 1) dialog: They're skin changes color.  That's why we couldn't see him that night. Graham stares at his family huddled on the couch.  Beat.  Graham takes in the news as he moves to the stairs.  He t a seat on the second to last step. He sits obscured by the balusters.  Beat.
51) 4) dialog: I'm sorry, what book is this?
51) 13) dialog: How do we know boards will do anything? Beat.
52) 0) text: WE ARE WATCHING THE HOUSE FROM THE CROPS.  We see Graham inside the house, closing the window shutters in one room after another. WE SEE a stack of wooden boards on the porch. OUR VIEW MOVES to the barn where Isabelle is tied.  She i not pacing.  She is not barking.  She sits staring right us.  She is shivering. OUR VIEW MOVES to the garage building where we see Merril carry a huge pile of his clothes and things down the stai He's moving into the main house. Merrill walks across the yard.  His eyes look around carefully as he moves. Part of the pile in his arms falls to the grass as he cro the lawn.  He stops walking and starts to gather up the fallen things.  He picks up a couple shirts and two baseb encased in glass cases. The glass encasing one of the souvenir baseballs, has cracked.  He takes the ball out.  Stares at it. We watch from the crops as Merrill puts down his pile of clothes and things on the grass.  He looks around and fin what he's looking for.  A rake. Merrill unscrews the fork on the rake from the wooden han With the wooden stick in one hand and the souvenir baseba in the other, he turns to face the crops.
52) 21) dialog: It's like War of the Worlds.
52) 26) dialog: (whispers) You guys okay? They don't answer.  They watch the soldiers loading up on trucks on the television.
52) 28) dialog: Don't worry. Morgan glances at Bo and then back to his uncle.
52) 30) dialog: You know about signs Morgan?  Not like the ones people write on.  It's like if you poured a glass of milk and you dropped the glass by mistake and broke it before you could drink it.  Then you looked at the milk carton and saw that the milk was spoiled.  They're things that happen by chance or luck, but make you feel that someone's watching out for you. The children think it over.  Beat.
52) 32) dialog: Yeah, like that. (beat) I believe in signs Morgan.  I think there's someone watching out for us.  I got to believe he's going to make sure we're all right in the end.
53) 0) text: Merrill smiles as he steps out of the closet and closes t door half-way. He stands in the hall by himself.  He takes a couple deep breaths as everything hits him.
55) 0) text: Graham, Bo and Morgan are seated in the upstairs hallway. There's a couple boards left leaning against the walls. Merrill comes out of the children's room with his tools.
55) 1) dialog: Too many windows in the bedrooms.  We don't have enough boards. Merrill stands and leans against the wall.
55) 7) dialog: I'll make sandwiches.
55) 9) dialog: We should eat fast Bo.
55) 15) dialog: (soft) Chicken Teriyaki.
58) 0) text: Merrill pounds furiously with his hammer as he nails boar to the children's bedroom door.  The master bedroom door open with a board leaning next to it.  Graham is inside h bedroom
59) 7) dialog: Graham hurry. Graham turns to see Merrill standing with the last board the hall.  Graham moves out into the hall and shuts the bedroom door behind him.
60) 0) text: Merrill immediately puts the wooden board up and starts hammering nails into the frame.  Graham picks up his hamm and quietly begins to hammer nails into the wood. Graham glances to his right as he works.  Bo and Morgan a standing together at the top of the stairs.  Bo holds Morgan's hand. Graham keeps hammering as he speaks.
61) 0) text: Graham puts Bo down in the hallway.  She stands close to Merrill puts down Morgan.  The four of them stand quietly a tight group. THEY HEAR FRANTIC BARKING IN THE DISTANCE.
61) 6) dialog: (whispers) Should we turn off the lights?
61) 18) dialog: They're on the roof.
61) 21) dialog: They're in the house. Graham takes Morgan's hand.
61) 23) dialog: The attic door. Merrill sprints up the stairs. Morgan and Bo watch as Graham follows after Merrill.
62) 0) text: Graham and Merrill stare up at the ceiling.  There is movement right above them.  Dust falls from a ceiling lig right next to them. The rope hanging from the attic trapdoor hangs between th They watch as it begins to twitch and sway. The springs in the trap door begins to GROAN.  The door starts to fall open. Merrill and Graham raise their arms above their head and reach up.  The door opens a few inches.  Merrill is talle The door presses against his fingers first.  It gives a f more inches before Merrill stops it. Graham's finger are barely touching it.  Merrill's face t red with strain as something pushes down on the door.
62) 1) dialog: This is a very temporary solution. Graham brings his arms down.  He sees his children watchi from the bottom of the stairs.  Graham looks around where is.  There is a very small table with photos against a wa A laundry closet and three boarded up bedroom doors... nothing else.  Graham turns to Merrill.
62) 3) dialog: Twenty-two seconds. Graham looks around again... the same things... the same table... the same closet... Graham stops and stares at th closet.  It has a wooden folding door that opens and clos on a guide rail.  The wooden folding door is very tall. top is one foot from the ceiling. Graham goes to the closet and grabs the door.  He starts rocking it hard.  Pulling it out... It starts to come out its guide rail... Graham leans back with all his weight.. The thin wooden door rips out of place.  One end is still attached at the hinge.  Graham pulls it straight.  It rea into the middle of the landing.  It stands right next to Merrill.  Right under the attic trapdoor.  Its top is onl few inches lower than Merrill's reach.
64) 0) text: The swinging door swings open and closed behind Merrill a enters the kitchen. Graham has moved the chairs away from the kitchen table a waits by it.  Merrill goes over and the two of them push table against the swinging door. They take the kitchen chairs and pile a couple on top, an jam the rest underneath the table. Graham leans against the kitchen counter.  Merrill stares the pile of furniture.
64) 1) dialog: This is going to do nothing.
64) 3) dialog: There's no way out of there. Beat.  Graham looks at the faces of his frightened childr
64) 5) dialog: Should we make a run for it out the back?
64) 8) dialog: (to Graham) What are you doing?
64) 16) dialog: They're coming. Graham moves towards the basement stairs.
64) 19) dialog: We won't be able to get out of there.
64) 21) dialog: I know. Merrill walks down the stairs.  Graham waits at the top. watches the kitchen door with the table and chairs agains it.  Beat. THERE IS MOVEMENT OUTSIDE IN THE HALL. The door starts to force its way open.  THE TABLE AND CHA
65) 7) dialog: I'm looking! Merrill moves to another set of shelves.  He starts knock things to the ground.
65) 10) dialog: Got it! Merrill reaches between two stacks of shelves and pulls o pick for digging in the ground.  He holds it up in the ai It has a three-foot wooden handle. Merrill turns and rushes in Graham's direction. A single light bulb hangs from a wire in the ceiling.  It the only light in the room.  Merrill CLIPS THE LIGHT BULB with the end of the wooden handle as he crosses the room. THE BULB SHATTERS. THE BASEMENT IS INSTANTLY BLACK.
65) 34) dialog: What's happening out there? Beat.
65) 44) dialog: They want our attention on the door? BANG.  A beat of silence.
65) 46) dialog: From what?
65) 48) dialog: What book!
65) 60) dialog: Me too. THE TWO BEAMS OF LIGHT START MOVING TOWARDS EACH OTHER.
65) 62) dialog: I'm close. BANG.
65) 79) dialog: Hold the vent!
65) 124) dialog: I should save the flashlights. Beat.  Graham nods without looking over.
66) 4) dialog: I found a pack of light bulbs. Merrill walks back to the radio on the metal shelf.  THE
66) 9) dialog: It came on about two hours ago.  Woke me up. (beat) We won Graham. Merrill waits for his brother to say something.  Beat.
66) 10) dialog: It went on all night.  Everywhere.  It was completely a ground battle.  Mostly hand to hand.  You can't see them unless you're up close.  A lot of people died.  Some from combat.  But most from poison gas inhalation.  They secrete it. Beat.
66) 12) dialog: They think over a hundred thousand.  They're just estimates. (beat) But we held strong.
66) 14) dialog: A mass evacuation by them started about eight o'clock this morning.  It's eleven now. (beat) They're leaving. Beat.
66) 15) dialog: You didn't think we'd make it. Beat.
66) 17) dialog: (low voice) Listen, there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take, is when my older brother -- (voice cracks) -- who is everything I want to be, starts losing faith in things.  I saw your eyes last night. (beat) I don't want to ever see your eyes like that again, okay?  I'm serious. Merrill's face is hard.  He looks shaken.  Graham stares the conviction in his younger brother's expression.
66) 19) dialog: He's been like that for awhile.  We need to get him some medicine.
66) 21) dialog: Philadelphia and its outlying counties are cleared, but who knows for sure? Graham looks at Morgan lying limp on the ground.  Graham turns to Merrill.
66) 23) dialog: (whispers) I know. (beat) We need to be sure, before we open that door Graham. The two men stand under the single dangling light bulb.  Graham quietly turns and looks at Morgan.  He moves acros the room towards him. Merrill watches as Graham kneels down and reaches to Morg side.  Graham unclips the baby monitor from his son's bel Graham walks back to Merrill.  He holds it out between th Beat. He turns it ON.
66) 27) dialog: That's good enough for me.
75) 0) text: Merrill steps in.  THE WOODEN BAT MAKES A SOUND AS IT CUT THROUGH THE AIR.  SLAM!  It connects with the creature. creature falls back into the coffee table.  Bo's glasses water crack and SPLASH OVER the creature's TORSO.  ANOTHE HIGH PITCHED INHALE SCREAM.  His torso turns a powdery wh Parts of its body are still changing and matching its environment.  Parts are white. The creature stands again. Merrill looks for the next target in the room.  Bo points the dinning table where the old chicken teriyaki, bacon cheeseburger and spaghetti with meatballs sit untouched. Merrill sees the three glasses of water at Bo's seat.  He nods.
76) 0) text: MERRILL YELLS WITH EVERYTHING IN HIS LUNGS.  His wrists t His shoulders torque.  THE WOODEN LOUISVILLE SLUGGER SLIC
77) 0) text: Merrill and Bo find Graham kneeling in the grass.  Morgan lays limp in his arms.  They kneel down in the grass with him. Merrill sees the empty syringe in Graham's hand.  He look Morgan.  The boy's head is tilted back.  His tiny mouth h open unnaturally.
77) 4) dialog: (soft) Graham. Beat.  Morgan lies lifeless.
77) 7) dialog: Graham.