8) 8) dialog: I think God did it. Beat.  THE DOGS KEEP BARKING.
8) 11) text: Graham Hess looks around in a daze as he walks out into t center.  Merrill, Bo and Morgan follow him. The dogs keep running and barking as WE PULL BACK AND REV
9) 6) dialog: Houdini peed.  I think he's sick. Graham looks at the majestic dog.  It's shivering.
10) 0) text: Bo walks from the house with a large glass of water.  She moves to Houdini, who sits in the shade by the picnic tab Morgan pokes the barbecue fork into two meat patties on t grill.  He places two pieces of cheese on the hamburgers, before walking over to Houdini. The two children sit down in the grass with the dog. Bo is about to pour the glass of water into the dog bowl. She stops.  Takes a tiny sip of the water first. She holds the glass out to Morgan.
10) 2) dialog: You don't even know what that word means. He drinks.
10) 3) dialog: It's not contaminated.  It's just tap water.  Pour it in his bowl.
10) 5) dialog: He licks his butt everyday.  He's not going to mind. Bo shrugs and pours it into the bowl.  Beat. Houdini just sits staring at them.  He is not shivering. doesn't drink.  He is unnaturally still. Bo pushes the bowl closer. HOUDINI MOVES... BO'S HAND PULLS BACK...
10) 8) dialog: Houdini? HOUDINI BEGINS TO GROWL.  Bo stands up.
10) 9) dialog: Bo don't run. Houdini crouches down.
10) 10) dialog: What's wrong boy? THE DOG'S GROWL BECOMES DEEP, MENACING.
10) 11) dialog: Stop it Houdini! The German Shepherd trembles.  His body tightens.  He's a to leap.  Beat.
10) 12) dialog: (soft) Bo, run.
13) 0) text: Morgan watches the thin line of smoke rising from the cha patties on the grill next to the overturned picnic table. Morgan's attention moves as the crops part and his father Officer Paski enter the backyard.  They stop cold when th look in his direction.  They begin a slow walk towards hi Morgan Hess is seated under the jungle gym with Houdini o his lap.  Morgan is petting Houdini's fur gently.  Bo is top of the jungle gym curled up in a ball. As Graham and Officer Paski get closer, they see Morgan i crying. Then they see the dog is laying on it side and has a BARB FORK DEEP IN ITS NECK. Beat. They stare at Morgan as he slowly pulls an inhaler from h pocket and brings it to his mouth.  He inhales the asthma spray.  Beat.  He lowers the inhaler so he can speak.
13) 1) dialog: (soft) He wanted to kill Bo. Beat.  Graham stares at his ten-year old son.
17) 0) text: Morgan's body is half off his bed.  Graham gently lifts h back onto the pillow and covers him up. There are two glasses of water on Bo's bedside table.  Gr moves to Bo's bed.  He sits on the edge of it.  She stare back at him as she holds her panda.
24) 16) dialog: Can I use Bo's old baby monitor as a walkie-talkie?
24) 18) dialog: It needs batteries.
24) 24) dialog: These are D's; I need double A's.
24) 51) dialog: It's still making the noises.  It's broken.
25) 15) dialog: (wonder) Extraterrestrials.
28) 0) text: Downtown Bucks County.  A group of small stores along a q street. The Hess station wagon pulls in front of a free parking meter. Graham steps out the driver's side and looks around.  Mer puts change in the meter. Morgan walks up to Graham with Bo.
28) 1) dialog: Book money. Morgan holds out his hand.  Graham gives his son a look a reaches into his back pocket.
29) 3) dialog: Extraterrestrials?
29) 5) dialog: Do you have book on extraterrestrials?
33) 4) dialog: Your water is fine.  Bo has a thing about her drinking water.  She's had it her whole life.  Like a tick people have.  Except it's not a tick.
33) 7) dialog: I'll take it.
34) 0) text: Merrill, Morgan and Bo are waiting in the parked car.  Be The driver's side opens and Graham sits in.
34) 3) dialog: (soft) Is that him?
34) 6) dialog: He's the man who killed mom. Graham puts the station wagon in reverse and backs out in the street.
36) 0) text: All four sit quietly not getting out. A MUFFLED SPIKE OF NOISE IS HEARD FROM THE BACK SEAT. Graham and Merrill turn and see Morgan pull the baby moni out of his jacket.  He holds it in his lap. Beat.
36) 1) dialog: What if Bo's baby monitor is picking up signals from the extraterrestrials? Beat.
36) 9) dialog: It's a code.
36) 13) dialog: We might lose the signal.
36) 17) dialog: Don't do it. Graham pulls the handle.  His door opens.  He waits befor getting out.  The other three station wagon doors open ri after.
36) 22) dialog: Nobody move! Everyone becomes frozen, standing next to the station wag Three of the doors are open.
36) 25) dialog: Voices.  Did you hear that? Everyone stares at the baby monitor in Graham's hand.
36) 26) dialog: Not English though.  You heard the voices right Uncle Merrill?
36) 35) dialog: Stop! Graham and Merrill freeze -- both touching the monitor ov the roof of the station wagon.
36) 38) dialog: It doesn't sound like words. Merrill concentrates on THE SWIRLING MOVING TEXTURE COMIN FROM THE BABY MONITOR. Graham looks around at his rapt family.
36) 41) dialog: Don't do it!
36) 43) dialog: Don't let go. He moves from the back passenger door to the back bumper where he begins to climb onto the station wagon.
36) 45) dialog: It gets clearer, the higher you hold it. Morgan crawls on the roof and takes the monitor ever-so gently out of Graham and Merrill's outstretched hands.
36) 55) dialog: Stop! Everyone STOPS exactly where they are.  Graham holds Bo o his head.  Bo reaches out to Merrill.  Merrill sits on th roof with one arm out.  Morgan stands with the baby monit raised high in the air.  The Hess family remains very sti on the hood of their station wagon as they listen.
36) 58) dialog: (soft) There's two of them talking.
36) 68) dialog: (soft) They hung up. Graham brings Bo down into his lap.  Morgan takes a seat to Merrill on the roof.  The Hess family sits like mental patients on the top of their station wagon.
40) 13) dialog: We have to tape this... Morgan reaches into the pile of video tapes under the television stand.  He grabs one. Bo snatches the video as Morgan tries to put it into the
40) 15) dialog: (gravely serious) Listen Bo.  This is very important.  Everything people have written about in science books is going to change.  The history of the world's future is on the TV right now.  We need to record this so you can show your children this tape and say you were there... (beat) For your children Bo.
40) 17) dialog: Dad! Graham doesn't take his eyes off the screen.
40) 19) dialog: Uncle Merrill, I'm using your tape. Morgan slams the tape marked "Bay Watch" into the VCR and presses record.  He's breathing heavy now.  Wheezing actually. Morgan moves to the sofa and takes a seat in between his father and his uncle.  Bo walks over and squeezes in also The four of them stare at the television.
40) 21) dialog: (soft) Told you. Morgan brings his asthma spray to his mouth and inhales.
44) 0) text: Graham walks into the hall and looks in their room. Morgan and Bo are seated on the edge of their bed.  They TIN FOIL wrapped around their heads like a helmet.  Graha stares at his children.
44) 1) dialog: So the aliens can't read our minds.
44) 3) dialog: They tell you everything in this book. Morgan holds up the book he bought from Nathan's bookstor Graham enters the room.  The children make space for him the bed.  He takes a seat between them.  Morgan puts the on his father's lap.
44) 4) dialog: It says they're probably very small -- like my height -- because, as their brains developed, there was no use for physical development.  It says they're probably vegetarians, because they would have realized the benefits of such a diet.
44) 6) dialog: Scientists who have been persecuted for their beliefs.
44) 8) dialog: Dad, are you going to be serious? Bo points at the book.
44) 11) dialog: There are pictures. Beat.  Morgan opens the tome.
44) 12) dialog: Dr. Bimboo, one of the authors of the book --
44) 14) dialog: Dad.
44) 17) dialog: He says there are two reasons why Extraterrestrials would visit us. Morgan turns the page.
44) 18) dialog: To make contact in the spirit of exploration and furthering the knowledge of the universe. Graham looks at an illustration of a small, bulbous heade figure shaking hands with a bearded human.
44) 19) dialog: Or the other reason... They're hostile.  They've used up the resources on their planet and are looking to harvest our planet next. Morgan turns the page.  There is a picture of a house.  A space ship is hovering over the home shooting laser beams it.  Beat.
44) 22) dialog: (soft) That's weird. The three of them study the picture of the house.  It's o fire.  Their eyes move to the front yard.  There are thre bodies lying dead on the front lawn.  Two are children. THE PHONE RINGS. The children SCREAM and cling to their father.  THEIR SCR DIE DOWN.  The PHONE RINGS again.  Graham gets up.  He cl the book.
46) 4) dialog: Why, you got one of your feeling again? Bo nods, "Yes."
46) 5) dialog: Is it bad? Bo nods, "Yes" slowly.
46) 6) dialog: If it does, I won't let anything bad happen to you. Bo hugs Morgan tight.
46) 8) dialog: Who said I was going to die? Bo keeps hugging Morgan.
46) 9) dialog: Who said I was going to die? Beat.  Morgan peels Bo's arms off of him.
46) 10) dialog: Come on Bo.  I need to keep a look out. Bo lets go.  Morgan puts his eye to the eyepiece of the telescope.
51) 0) text: Graham enters his front hall.  He closes the door and loc it behind him.  He turns and looks into the family room. Morgan and Bo and Merrill are seated together on the sofa All three are wearing foil helmets.  Beat.
51) 3) dialog: Yes.  They would invade us using only ground tactics.  Hand to hand combat.  They wouldn't use their technology or fight an airborne battle, because they would know we would eventually use nuclear weapons and the planet would be useless to them.
51) 6) dialog: They said one of two things could happen.  One, they fight and are defeated and leave to return again with full forces hundreds or even thousands of years later.
51) 8) dialog: They win. The words hang in the air.  Graham sits quietly on the se step of the stairs.
51) 10) dialog: Sounds made up. Beat.
52) 6) text: Morgan and Bo are seated on the kitchen chair in the clos
52) 7) dialog: Come quick!
52) 20) dialog: They think these look like stages immediately proceeding an attack maneuver.
52) 22) dialog: They think it might happen all at once. The words silence everyone.  Beat. The image goes back to a quiet TV anchor.  He takes a sec before starting up again.
52) 27) dialog: Some guy had a sign that said it was the end of the world. (beat) Nothing really bad is going to happen, is it Uncle Merrill?
52) 29) dialog: You sure right? Beat.  Merrill gazes at the two questioning faces.  He lo back at the empty closet doorway where Graham stood.  He turns back to the children.
52) 31) dialog: I once had a bad dream and I couldn't wake up.  I kicked at the table next to my bed and something fell on me and I woke up.  It was a picture of mom.  She was smiling.  It made me feel safe... You mean like that? Beat.
53) 2) text: Morgan turns off the television. He and Bo sit quietly in the closet under the stairs.
55) 0) text: Graham, Bo and Morgan are seated in the upstairs hallway. There's a couple boards left leaning against the walls. Merrill comes out of the children's room with his tools.
55) 3) dialog: Where are we going to sleep?
55) 5) dialog: What about Isabelle?
55) 12) dialog: Anything? Graham nods "yes."
55) 13) dialog: French toast... and mashed potatoes.
57) 2) dialog: I'm scared.
57) 6) dialog: Don't yell at her! Morgan's face is hard, but tears start to fall anyway.  Graham watches as both his children cry at the table.
60) 0) text: Merrill immediately puts the wooden board up and starts hammering nails into the frame.  Graham picks up his hamm and quietly begins to hammer nails into the wood. Graham glances to his right as he works.  Bo and Morgan a standing together at the top of the stairs.  Bo holds Morgan's hand. Graham keeps hammering as he speaks.
61) 0) text: Graham puts Bo down in the hallway.  She stands close to Merrill puts down Morgan.  The four of them stand quietly a tight group. THEY HEAR FRANTIC BARKING IN THE DISTANCE.
61) 1) dialog: We forgot about Isabelle.
61) 15) dialog: (almost inaudible) Dad -- THE DOOR CREAKS AS PRESSURE IS PLACED AGAINST IT.
65) 1) dialog: We forgot our foil helmets! Graham closes the door behind him.  It has no lock.
65) 3) dialog: They'll read our minds!
65) 8) dialog: (to himself) They'll know our secret thoughts. There is SCRATCHING AGAINST THE DOOR.  The doorknob turns Graham grabs it with both hands.  The door begins to push open.
65) 37) dialog: I hope they're doing better than we are.  We don't even have helmets. THERE IS A LOUD BANG.
65) 47) dialog: The book says they're probably very good problem solvers.
65) 49) dialog: They'll find a way in. BANG.
65) 68) dialog: What?
74) 0) text: Graham carries Morgan through the kitchen and out the bac door.  Morgan's arms and legs swing limp as Graham walks. Morgan's head bobs back from its own weight as Graham ste outside.
77) 0) text: Merrill and Bo find Graham kneeling in the grass.  Morgan lays limp in his arms.  They kneel down in the grass with him. Merrill sees the empty syringe in Graham's hand.  He look Morgan.  The boy's head is tilted back.  His tiny mouth h open unnaturally.
77) 10) dialog: Did someone save me?