13) 0) text: Morgan watches the thin line of smoke rising from the cha patties on the grill next to the overturned picnic table. Morgan's attention moves as the crops part and his father Officer Paski enter the backyard.  They stop cold when th look in his direction.  They begin a slow walk towards hi Morgan Hess is seated under the jungle gym with Houdini o his lap.  Morgan is petting Houdini's fur gently.  Bo is top of the jungle gym curled up in a ball. As Graham and Officer Paski get closer, they see Morgan i crying. Then they see the dog is laying on it side and has a BARB FORK DEEP IN ITS NECK. Beat. They stare at Morgan as he slowly pulls an inhaler from h pocket and brings it to his mouth.  He inhales the asthma spray.  Beat.  He lowers the inhaler so he can speak.
47) 0) text: A mailbox reads "R. Reddy." There is a gray and white house at the end of the quarter mile driveway.  We saw the roof of this house from the He hallway window. Graham stands at the front door and RINGS THE DOORBELL AG Beat.  Graham tries to look inside.  Curtains block his v Graham walks around the porch.  Turns the corner of the house.  He looks in a side window.
48) 3) dialog: I wrote your number down to call you.  It's been sitting next to the phone for six months.  When I knew it was inside the house, I couldn't think of any other number to call.  I panicked. (beat) Thank you for coming Father.
48) 5) dialog: I worked so long that night.  I ain't never fallen asleep driving before.  And never since.  Most of the ride home, there wasn't a car insight in either direction.  If I'd fallen asleep then, I'd a ended up in a ditch with a head ache.  It had to happen at that right moment.  That certain ten-fifteen seconds when I passed her walking.  It was like it was meant to be. Ray finally turns.  His red face quivers as he talks.
48) 6) dialog: I guess if this is the end of the world, I'm screwed right?  People who kill Reverends' wives aren't exactly ushered to the front of the line in heaven. Ray starts the car.
48) 8) dialog: To the lake.  The way I see it, all the places marked in the crops and such -- none of them are really near water.  I figure they don't like water. (beat) Can't be any worse than here. Beat.
48) 10) dialog: I'm truly sorry for what I've done to you and yours. The two men stare at each other for a beat.  Ray looks aw He puts the car in drive.
48) 11) dialog: And don't open my pantry Father.  I locked one of them in there. Graham steps away as the truck moves forward and pulls do the driveway.
49) 0) text: The door swings open slowly.  Graham steps into Ray Reddy kitchen. Cabinets are open.  Dishes are broken.  Chairs are turned over.  The faucet is running full blast. Graham's eyes move across the room.  The kitchen table is upside down and leaned up against the pantry door.
50) 0) text: The station wagon knocks over the "Ray Reddy" mailbox as turns sharply onto the road. Graham picks up speed as he passes the wall of crops on h right. THE STATION WAGON SUDDENLY BRAKES. Two black skid marks form on the road as the station wago comes to a fast stop. Beat.  Graham gets out of the car.  He walks a few feet a of the station wagon.  He bends down in the middle of the road. A BIRD lays limp on the asphalt.  Its head is crushed. Graham gazes at the still pile of feathers.  Beat. Graham turns and looks straight up at the BLUE, CLOUDLESS above him.