25) 13) dialog: -- images were shot yesterday afternoon by a thirty-four year old local camera man in Kerala, a southern city of India.  It is the eighteenth reported crop circle found in that country in the last seventy-two hours. The television report cuts to Columbia University PROFESS
40) 11) dialog: Mexico City officials as well as U.S. officials have confirmed that these are not air crafts from either government's airforce.  The first sighting was made by an Air Mexico 747 en route from Mazatlan to New York as the unidentified crafts entered Mexico City air space.  They were not detected by radar by either country. Beat.
40) 20) dialog: ... You're seeing a live feed from our NBC affiliate down in Mexico City.  The time there is 7:17pm.  This image has not been adjusted or enhanced in any way.  What you're seeing is real. (beat) Everything they wrote in science books is about to change. Beat.
48) 14) dialog: ... The startling footage we're about to show you was photographed by a forty-two year old Romero Valadares. Merrill's eyes open.
48) 15) dialog: This video was taken yesterday afternoon at his son's seventh birthday, in the city of Passo Fundo, Brazil.  It was sent to the local news bureau there and satellited to us a few minutes ago.  All initial opinions are; this is genuine. THE TELEVISION ANCHOR APPEARS FLUSTERED.
48) 16) dialog: What you are about to see, may disturb you. Merrill sits up in his chair.
52) 15) dialog: Tel Aviv joins Nairobi, Lagos and Jerusalem as the latest to confirm the appearance of lights.  There are lights in the skies over an estimated two hundred and seventy four cities.  That total could be as high as four hundred within the hour.
52) 23) dialog: Hundreds of thousands have flocked to synagogues, churches and temples. The television shows hundreds of Israelis in a temple and the streets praying. Graham watches quietly as the masses pray side by side.
52) 24) dialog: Ground forces are being assembled in countries throughout the globe...