17) 0) text: A nine year old boy, dressed immaculately in white, with large white silk bow tied to his shoulder, moving slowly down the aisle of the church with a group of other childr dressed in white.  He has dark black hair, and his face i unmistakably similar to young Vito's.  He moves slowly, h hands clasped around a golden missal.  We HEAR only the p voice of Vito in Sicilian, his sad song reaching out from the past, as ANTHONY CORLEONE, his Grandson, moves on the way to his First Holy Communion more than fifty years lat
17) 4) text: as the innocent faces receive the Host; finally, the Prie comes to Anthony.
17) 6) dialog: Amen.
18) 0) text: The lawns of this great estate on the shore of Lake Tahoe are covered with guests of a wonderful party to honor the First Holy Communion of Anthony Corleone, the son of Mr. Mrs. Michael Corleone.  A full dance orchestra plays musi of the times on a pavilion bandstand built especially for the occasion.  Speedboats roar through the water, pulling youthful waterskiers; and the pool and private harbor are filled with laughing, swimming guests.  It is Fall of 195
28) 4) text: Anthony, where are you going? Moodily, the boy stops, turns, and walks back to his tabl of honor without answering her.
31) 2) text: ...made to the University in the name of Anthony Vito Corleone. Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Corleone. Applause.  Senator Geary returns the microphone to the Maestro who adds:
33) 22) dialog: His name is "Five-Angels."
37) 0) text: Little Anthony, in his white suit, sitting alone.
90) 0) text: The room is large, lit from the outside by a bright eveni We can see the outline of many toys on the shelves built along the wall.  We see the dark figure of Michael Corleo enter the room and approach the bed where his son Anthony lies curled in messy blankets.  Michael quietly arranges small hands and feet and covers the little boy.  Suddenly Anthony turns, his eyes open.  He is staring, perfectly awake, at his father.
90) 3) dialog: Yes.
90) 5) dialog: I got lots of presents.
90) 7) dialog: I didn't know the people who gave them to me.
90) 9) dialog: Did you see my present for you?
90) 11) dialog: On your pillow.
90) 13) dialog: I know.  How long will you be gone?
90) 15) dialog: Will you take me?
90) 17) dialog: Why do you have to go?
90) 19) dialog: I can help you.
216) 0) text: The Corleone nurse is waiting, playing with the little gi MARY.  A distance away, the boy, Anthony, is standing by himself.
224) 0) text: Fredo sits with Anthony, with a silly-looking fishing hat his head, covered with lure and flies.
235) 0) text: The cleaning woman, Esther, who had been with Kay for yea sits by the dining room table, weeping profusely.  Behind her, in the recreation room, we can see the tableau of Ka sitting on the couch, her little daughter Mary, between h knees, talking quietly about things we cannot hear.  Her Anthony sits by himself, in another chair by the side of room.
235) 6) text: Anthony, you kiss your Mother goodbye! He rises, and walks to her.  Hugs her lifelessly.
235) 9) dialog: Goodbye. She restrains any tears; she has become too strong for te Kay starts to go; picks up Mary, kisses her, and starts t
237) 2) dialog: Hello, Dad.
237) 6) dialog: I was taller than you when I was fourteen.
237) 8) dialog: I'm not hungry.
237) 11) text: Your father has to have his insulin shot.  Why don't you go to your room and put your things away, Anthony. She begins to give Michael the shot.
241) 0) text: The leaves are blowing.  MUSIC comes up. Michael and his young son, Anthony, walk through the grou of the estate, talking about things we cannot hear.