48) 9) text: The Black Hand. Then he backs away.  Vito looks at him shocked and disappointed in this cowardly behavior.  Genco shakes his head, and points, as though to say that where Fanucci is concerned, there is nothing to be done.
48) 13) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 2) text: I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.
51) 6) text: Some guys from Ninth Avenue jumped Fanucci today; slit his throat from ear to ear.
51) 14) text: I wish they had.  He takes fifty dollars a week from my father's cash drawer.  But you can't kill a man like Fanucci.
52) 0) text: A young man, one of those who had tried to kill Fanucci, runs down an alleyway, breathlessly.  Then he stops, and looks behind himself.  Whoever was following him is gone. He turns and walks ahead.  Then the mammoth, white-suited figure of Fanucci leaps down before him from the fire-esc He grins at the young man, and then raises his neck, show the gruesome wound that marks his throat. He takes out his pistol and fires point-blank at his atta
55) 0) text: The shop bell RINGS; SINGER ABBANDANDO turns to see a smiling Fanucci tipping his hat, like an old customer.
55) 1) dialog: Buon giorno. Immediately, Vito turns back to his work, and Signor Abbandando moves to Fanucci with a sigh. Vito notices the two men talking quietly at one side of t store, while he goes about his work.  Genco works his way closer to his friend.
55) 3) text: What did I tell you.  The one who cut him was found in an alley.  And the family of the others paid Fanucci all their savings to make him forswear his vengeance.
68) 7) text: Vito drives the truck through the downtown streets; he tu a corner and stops for a light. Suddenly, to his left, he sees the formidable figure of Fanucci. He grabs young Corleone by the shoulder.
68) 9) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 10) text: Ahhh, young fellow.  People tell me you're rich, you and your two friends.  Yet, you don't show enough respect to send a few dresses to my home.  You know I have three daughters. Vito says nothing.  Fanucci thumbs through the stock.
68) 11) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 12) text: This is my neighborhood.  You and your friends have to show me a little respect, ah?  This truck you hijacked was in my neighborhood. You should let me wet my beak a little. Fanucci takes a few of the dresses.
68) 13) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 15) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 19) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 23) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 27) dialog: (Sicilian) (impressed)
68) 29) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 30) text: You have respect.  A fine thing in the young.  Next time, speak to me first, eh?  Perhaps I can help you make your plans. Fanucci turns with the dresses draped over his arms, wavi to Vito. Vito throws the truck in gear, and drives off.
69) 0) text: He wife serves a dinner for her husband and his two frien They discuss Fanucci as they eat.
69) 12) text: They say Fanucci has a license from Maranzalla himself to work this neighborhood.
69) 14) text: If you like, why not give me fifty dollars each to pay Fanucci.  I guarantee he will accept that amount from me.
69) 16) text: When Fanucci says two hundred he means two hundred.  You can't talk with him.
69) 20) text: I never lie to people I've accepted as my friends.  Speak to Fanucci yourself tomorrow.  Let him ask you for the money, but don't pay it, and don't in any way quarrel with him.  Tell him you have to get the money and will send me as your messenger.  Let him understand that you're willing to pay what he asks, don't bargain.  I'll go to his house, and quarrel with him.  He likes me; enjoys explaining how things are here.  He uses ten sentences when he only needs one, so while he talks, I'll kill him. Clemenza, irritated, makes a large belch, and washes his food down with wine.
69) 25) text: He's going to kill Fanucci.
69) 29) text: Fanucci is not connected; he is alone.
72) 0) text: We can still HEAR the crowds and music of the festa.  Vit enters; the club is empty, except for the large white fig sitting alone at a small table.  Fanucci barely acknowled Vito as he joins him. Without a word, Vito counts out two hundred dollars on th table.  Fanucci looks, then takes off his fedora and puts on the table over the money.
72) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
72) 6) dialog: (Sicilian)
73) 0) text: By now the musicians have left, but still families are walking the street, and stopping at the booths. Fanucci stands there a moment; he is known by everyone, a considers himself highly loved. Then Fanucci begins the walk through the festa, on his wa home.
78) 0) text: Fanucci unlocks the door to his building; we can HEAR the services in the background.
82) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
82) 4) text: 'Good evening,' Signor Fanucci. She quickly disappears behind her door.  Fanucci laughs, continues up, singing to himself.  The MASS outside is always in evidence.
83) 0) text: Vito climbs down from the attic, and finds Fanucci's rear door open.  He slips in, and makes his way past the open windows, out of which pour the music and chanting of the Mass.  Slowly and quietly he pulls them down, shut. He moves quietly to a glass door, and peeks out.
83) 1) text: Three young women, Fanucci's DAUGHTERS, laughing and talk
83) 7) text: A small gray alley cat is attracted to the young man, com up to him and rubs itself against him.  Vito rubs the animal, speaking softly in Sicilian, then, gaining its confidence, lifts it up and carefully lets it into Fanucc apartment. He steps back, holding the gun.  We HEAR some Italian shouted in the house; a loud sound from the cat, and some the thumping footsteps of Fanucci.
83) 9) text: The white blob of Fanucci opening the door and cursing in Italian as he throws the cat out.
87) 0) text: The corpse that was Fanucci, stained with blood.