4) 0) text: A boy, eight or nine, with wide, frightened eyes, being pulled quickly by the hand.  This is VITO ANDOLINI, who i to become The Godfather. The VIEW ALTERS revealing that he is being pulled along b his Mother, the Widow, across a field leading to the ornamental gates of a Baronial Estate of some forgotten N At various positions near the gates are men with shotguns or lupara.  The gates are opened; and the Widow and her b are shown before DON FRANCESCO, a man in his sixties.  He wears his trousers with suspenders, and an open white shi sloppily tucked in over his enormous belly.  He wears a h to protect him from the white-hot sun, and proudly displa a gold watch and chain over his vest. He sits in a chair, near a group of his men in the garden listening to the Widow, who stands before him with her on son.
6) 0) text: A family quietly eats their dinner.  The father is the lo policeman, as indicated by his uniform jacket and gun, hanging nearby.
6) 2) text: Our Friend will be hard with any family who gives help to Vito Andolini. One of the children looks up, about to speak.  But the father sternly indicates that nothing must be said.  They on with their dinner.
8) 0) text: Four little girls watch with wide eyes as their mother an father bind Vito tightly in swaddled cloth, and then lift him up to the side of a mule; counter-balancing a heavy l of firewood.  The father looks at the boy's almost stoica calm little face.
8) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
34) 15) text: Frankie, you're a good old man, and you've been loyal to my Father for years...so I hope you can explain what you mean.
41) 0) text: Some quiet, informally dressed couples wait in the rear o the chapel; some talking, others sitting nervously. A single organ plays some standard wedding music. The VIEW PANS up to the altar, where Connie and Merle, in the same clothing they wore to the Tahoe party, are being married by a Justice of the Peace. The Justice goes through the bored, simple ceremony, and begin to HEAR an echo of the waltz Connie danced with her father, when she was married all those years ago in Long Island.
49) 2) text: I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.
51) 0) text: A tiny shop featuring imported food: trays of cured meats prosciutto, copagole, mortadella lies on the counter cove with netting to keep away the thousands of flies. Olive oil is sold in bulk, as well as wine, cheese and ba Genco works here for his father, and is busy slicing pape thin prosciutto for a customer, by hand.  Vito works in t back as a stock clerk. Finished with his customer, Genco moves to his friend.
51) 14) text: I wish they had.  He takes fifty dollars a week from my father's cash drawer.  But you can't kill a man like Fanucci.
55) 19) text: You have been kind to me since I was a boy; taken care of me, and been as a father.  I will always be grateful to you.  Thank you. Vito takes off his apron, and leaves, passing the youth w loiters by the counter.
68) 26) text: But thank you for speaking to me as a Godfather.
90) 0) text: The room is large, lit from the outside by a bright eveni We can see the outline of many toys on the shelves built along the wall.  We see the dark figure of Michael Corleo enter the room and approach the bed where his son Anthony lies curled in messy blankets.  Michael quietly arranges small hands and feet and covers the little boy.  Suddenly Anthony turns, his eyes open.  He is staring, perfectly awake, at his father.
118) 0) text: Michael stands quietly in the room.  This was once his father's study, although it is totally redecorated. Pentangeli starts sweating, and moves toward the young Do and kisses his hand.
123) 0) text: A seaplane lands nicely by the private Corleone harbor; Hagen disembarks with his inevitable overloaded briefcase He continues down the ramp, past several Buttonmen, dress in summer casual attire, and who resemble secret service rather than thugs. His wife THERESA lies on a blanket on the great lawn, wit her youngest children, who run to their father for a kiss
136) 4) text: You know what he told me when he was four years old.  He said he had killed his Grandfather...
187) 0) text: A newly acquired warehouse, stocked with cases of the new product "GENCO PURA" olive oil.  It is the beginning of a new business, in the American tradition.  Now they have o rattling old truck, and a few stock boys. Genco has become the accountant-business manager, based o the experience working with his father.  But it is clear, that Vito is the leader, and undisputed 'President' of th new enterprise. Genco moves through the darkness of the warehouse, to the small divided area that Vito uses as his office.
204) 19) text: You took the name of this town, eh? What was your father's name?
204) 26) text: In the name of my Father, and my Brother... And uses the knife, ritualistically plunging it into the man's belly, and then up to his throat, which is severed.
237) 11) text: Your father has to have his insulin shot.  Why don't you go to your room and put your things away, Anthony. She begins to give Michael the shot.
240) 10) text: looking at his father with a mixture of great love, and a fear, and confusion.