47) 0) text: VITO CORLEONE is a shy young man of 23, holding his hat i his hand, being led down the crowded aisle of this Italia Vaudeville theatre by an energetic and fulfilled GENCO ABBANDANDO, his friend in America.  This entire sequence played in Sicilian.
47) 1) dialog: Come on, you've got to see her!
48) 0) text: Genco hurrying down the backstage corridor, hoping to cat a glimpse of the actress.  He is followed by Vito.  Sudde Genco stops short.
48) 8) dialog: (Sicilian)
48) 9) text: The Black Hand. Then he backs away.  Vito looks at him shocked and disappointed in this cowardly behavior.  Genco shakes his head, and points, as though to say that where Fanucci is concerned, there is nothing to be done.
48) 10) dialog: (Sicilian) (whispered)
49) 0) text: Genco and Vito; Genco leans against the wall, breathlessl as though he's had a near escape.
49) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 5) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 9) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 13) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 16) dialog: I know.  That's why I brought you with me! Genco embraces his good friend, and they laughingly walk down the alley. The stage door opens, and Fanucci exits, a sinister figur in white, moving down the alley just in front of them, in the night. The two friends hold their breath, until he disappears.
51) 0) text: A tiny shop featuring imported food: trays of cured meats prosciutto, copagole, mortadella lies on the counter cove with netting to keep away the thousands of flies. Olive oil is sold in bulk, as well as wine, cheese and ba Genco works here for his father, and is busy slicing pape thin prosciutto for a customer, by hand.  Vito works in t back as a stock clerk. Finished with his customer, Genco moves to his friend.
51) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 5) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 9) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 13) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 17) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 18) text: Because he's what we say... "connected"... You wait, see what happens to those guys from Ninth Avenue. A customer enters; and Genco moves away to serve him.
55) 2) dialog: (Sicilian)
55) 6) dialog: (Sicilian)
187) 0) text: A newly acquired warehouse, stocked with cases of the new product "GENCO PURA" olive oil.  It is the beginning of a new business, in the American tradition.  Now they have o rattling old truck, and a few stock boys. Genco has become the accountant-business manager, based o the experience working with his father.  But it is clear, that Vito is the leader, and undisputed 'President' of th new enterprise. Genco moves through the darkness of the warehouse, to the small divided area that Vito uses as his office.
187) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
187) 4) dialog: Roberto.  Who owns the 'rat-holes.' Vito nods that he will see him; and soon Roberto enters, tiptoe, his hat in his hand, and in a apologetic voice.
187) 13) dialog: We won't see him for weeks!  He'll stay in bed in the Bronx! Clemenza has been waiting with his new mechanic.  We noti the subtle difference in the way he treats Vito.  He is n longer a junior apprentice in their petty crimes; but an imposing leader.
187) 22) dialog: Vitone!  Look at this! Vito moves out to the smiling Genco; Clemenza and the new christened Hyman Rothstein follow a distance behind.
188) 0) text: Genco stands beaming, as two workers raise up high, the freshly painted sign: "GENCO OLIVE OIL COMPANY."
188) 1) dialog: (enthusiastically)
188) 2) text: God bless America!  We're in business! The young men watch as the sign is hoisted into place.  O VIEW goes from one to the other: Clemenza, Genco, Vito an Hyman Rothstein.