20) 4) text: This is for my Mama.  You remember Merle?
25) 19) dialog: I think this concerns me too. (taking a cigarette from the dispenser)
25) 25) dialog: We're going to get married first. Michael is silent.  Then he rises, and moves to the windo overlooking the lake.
25) 33) text: Connie, I want to be reasonable with you.  You have a house here, with us.  You can live here with your kids...and you won't be deprived of anything.  I don't know much about Merle; I don't know what he does for a living; what he lives on.  Why don't you tell him marriage is really out of the question; and that you can't see him any more. He'll understand.  But if you disobey me, and marry this pimp...it would disappoint me.
25) 36) dialog: I think so.
33) 11) dialog: What's that mean?
33) 20) text: After dinner. By now, the conversation has become exclusively Sicilian, with Merle and Deanna, looking from side to side like in tennis match.  Finally, Kay, to be polite:
38) 0) text: A taxi pulls up, and is signaled over to the gate by a policeman carrying a torch flashlight. Connie and Merle enter; Merle tips the cop, and the cab drives off.
41) 0) text: Some quiet, informally dressed couples wait in the rear o the chapel; some talking, others sitting nervously. A single organ plays some standard wedding music. The VIEW PANS up to the altar, where Connie and Merle, in the same clothing they wore to the Tahoe party, are being married by a Justice of the Peace. The Justice goes through the bored, simple ceremony, and begin to HEAR an echo of the waltz Connie danced with her father, when she was married all those years ago in Long Island.
105) 0) text: The PURSER followed by several white uniformed associates knocks on the door of something designated the "Leonardo Suite." He is holding a telegram. The door opens, and a tanned Merle peeks out of the door.
105) 3) dialog: (reluctantly)
105) 8) dialog: Why don't you wire your bank?
106) 0) text: Connie and Merle are attempting to sleep in the miniature cabin in bunk beds.  The little space is crowded with the trunks and luggage.  Merle can barely hang onto the bunk, the boat pitches so violently below.