23) 0) text: A large and very beautiful room overlooking the lake.  It dominated by an enormous bar, behind which stands ALBERT NERI, discreetly in the background. MICHAEL CORLEONE sits on a large sofa, his back to us. Standing to one side is a tired and somewhat uneasy TOM HAGEN.  Standing before Michael is SANDRA CORLEONE, Sonny widow; her daughter, one of the twins, FRANCESCA CORLEONE and a handsome young man of twenty, GARDNER SHAW.
23) 1) dialog: Michael, this is Gardner Shaw. Francesca and he have been seeing each other for six months now. Gardner, this is Francie's Uncle Michael.
23) 5) dialog: They would like to set an engagement date, and...
29) 3) dialog: With Mama, putting the baby to sleep.  Francesca's very happy. Michael was kind to her.  She idolizes him. (pause; she looks at a despondent Hagen)
29) 4) text: The children are all out in the speedboat.  I'm going to my house. Sandra gets up, still an attractive woman, and walks alon to the back path that leads to her home on the estate.
30) 0) text: We HEAR the applause and whistles echoing in the distance Sandra stands in her bedroom, looking at the door.  We SE photograph of SONNY, and also one of their wedding. A moment goes by, and then Tom Hagen enters, closing the door behind him. We begin to HEAR Senator Geary's amplified voice resoundi over the lake.  Hagen moves to Sandra.  She takes him in arms, comforting, holding his head against her full breas
30) 3) dialog: We don't know that's true, he never said that.
30) 6) dialog: Talk to him.  Tell him how you feel.
30) 9) dialog: We have a little time now.
124) 0) text: Hagen and Sonny's boys are throwing a football around on lawn; the littler kids running after them. Coals are burning in the old style stone barbecue, and several tables are set for the family. In the distance, there is always evidence of the bodyguar Theresa, Mama and Sandra prepare the steaks. Hagen relaxes in a sports shirt.
125) 4) dialog: She's gone, Tom. Sandra has followed him into Michael's house.
125) 6) dialog: The Barretts from Rubicon Bay came by in a new speedboat.  Rocco tried to say she wasn't in, but Kay spotted them and asked if they would take her and the kids for a ride.  That was three hours ago.
125) 9) dialog: I wanted to tell you alone; your wife doesn't know what's going on. Hagen rushes out of the house.
221) 0) text: Friends, relatives; Francesca and her new husband, Gardne and their baby; Sandra Corleone; Teresa, her children; al the familiar faces of the family are present, quietly pay their respects to Mama. Some of the men can be seen in the kitchen, drinking wine and talking in low voices. Fredo is there, broken-hearted over the loss of his Mothe like some lost child with no friends.
222) 3) dialog: You're going to talk to him now.
222) 5) dialog: Will you tell him?
222) 7) dialog: Tom, think of yourself for once. Don't let this opportunity slip through your fingers; don't do it. We're all trapped here, don't you see? He continues past her, without answering her.  Continues to the boathouse.  He stops before he enters.