30) 0) text: We HEAR the applause and whistles echoing in the distance Sandra stands in her bedroom, looking at the door.  We SE photograph of SONNY, and also one of their wedding. A moment goes by, and then Tom Hagen enters, closing the door behind him. We begin to HEAR Senator Geary's amplified voice resoundi over the lake.  Hagen moves to Sandra.  She takes him in arms, comforting, holding his head against her full breas
31) 2) text: ...made to the University in the name of Anthony Vito Corleone. Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Corleone. Applause.  Senator Geary returns the microphone to the Maestro who adds:
32) 0) text: Michael, the Senator, Neri and Rocco make a group in the dark, large room.
32) 6) text: Some water. He addresses that to Neri, who resentfully goes to fetch Senator a glass of water.
32) 18) text: We're all part of the same hypocrisy, Senator.  But never think it applies to my family.
101) 0) text: The Senate is in session; Senator Geary is on the floor during a vote.  An aide approaches him, with a slip of pa
102) 0) text: The Senator steps behind his desk.
150) 0) text: By now the group has made its way into the casino.  Some them are crowded around the crap table; Senator Geary is with the enormous and beautiful Yolanda, who barely speak English.  There are other girls with some of the men; not with Michael, who gambles dollars while talking to Corngo
152) 1) dialog: (pushing away from the palm outstretched little hands of the boys)
152) 6) dialog: ...goddamn city of whores...
166) 0) text: An orchestra plays for the guests, as an army of waiters serve champagne and hors d'oeuvres.  Michael relaxes with Senator Geary, Major Leon, and several of the Americans.
189) 1) dialog: Mr. Cicci.  From the year 1927 to the present time, you were an employee of the "Genco Olive Oil Company."
189) 3) dialog: But in actuality, you were a member of the Corleone Crime organization.
189) 5) dialog: What position did you occupy?
206) 7) text: Let me agree with that.  Many of my constituents are Italian and have been honored with that certain friendship by my close Italian friends.  Up to this point before I have to leave this hearing to join my own committee, let me say, that this hearing on the Mafia is in no way a slur on the Italians by the Senate; nor is it meant to be; nor will I allow it to be.  Italian Americans are the hardest working, most law abiding patriotic Americans of our country.  It is a shame and a pity that a few rotten apples give them a bad name.  We are here to weed those rotten apples out of the vast healthy barrel of Italian Americans, who are one of the backbones of our country. There is a pause for a while, while the New York Senator poses for the TV cameras and leaves the hearing so that h will not be associated with hearing the rough stuff.