23) 0) text: A large and very beautiful room overlooking the lake.  It dominated by an enormous bar, behind which stands ALBERT NERI, discreetly in the background. MICHAEL CORLEONE sits on a large sofa, his back to us. Standing to one side is a tired and somewhat uneasy TOM HAGEN.  Standing before Michael is SANDRA CORLEONE, Sonny widow; her daughter, one of the twins, FRANCESCA CORLEONE and a handsome young man of twenty, GARDNER SHAW.
30) 0) text: We HEAR the applause and whistles echoing in the distance Sandra stands in her bedroom, looking at the door.  We SE photograph of SONNY, and also one of their wedding. A moment goes by, and then Tom Hagen enters, closing the door behind him. We begin to HEAR Senator Geary's amplified voice resoundi over the lake.  Hagen moves to Sandra.  She takes him in arms, comforting, holding his head against her full breas
124) 0) text: Hagen and Sonny's boys are throwing a football around on lawn; the littler kids running after them. Coals are burning in the old style stone barbecue, and several tables are set for the family. In the distance, there is always evidence of the bodyguar Theresa, Mama and Sandra prepare the steaks. Hagen relaxes in a sports shirt.
223) 27) text: Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of all this; Sonny never listened to me about that. (then he sits down, and opens his briefcase)
238) 0) text: SONNY CORLEONE, his arm wrapped around a smiling red-face Carlo Rizzi, pulls him into the Corleone dining room.
238) 1) dialog: Hey, who knows my buddy Carlo Rizzi. Here... my brother Fredo, here's my Mom.  Mom, whatcha got cooking? And Carlo, this is my kid sister Connie.  Here, pull up a chair, Carol is sitting next to Connie. Oh, the droopy kid over there is Mike.  The college boy. An older, lanky man enters the room, his arms laden with presents.  This is TESSIO.
239) 1) dialog: What'd you think of those Japs, eh? The nerve of those Japs, coming right here in our own backyard dropping bombs!
239) 3) dialog: Hey!  Expect it or not, those Japs don't have a right to drop bombs in our backyard.  Whose side you on?
239) 7) dialog: Kid, stay in college.  The girls are cuter, if you know what I mean.