4) 0) text: A boy, eight or nine, with wide, frightened eyes, being pulled quickly by the hand.  This is VITO ANDOLINI, who i to become The Godfather. The VIEW ALTERS revealing that he is being pulled along b his Mother, the Widow, across a field leading to the ornamental gates of a Baronial Estate of some forgotten N At various positions near the gates are men with shotguns or lupara.  The gates are opened; and the Widow and her b are shown before DON FRANCESCO, a man in his sixties.  He wears his trousers with suspenders, and an open white shi sloppily tucked in over his enormous belly.  He wears a h to protect him from the white-hot sun, and proudly displa a gold watch and chain over his vest. He sits in a chair, near a group of his men in the garden listening to the Widow, who stands before him with her on son.
4) 2) text: Don Francesco.  You murdered my husband, because he would not bend. And his oldest son Paolo, because he swore revenge.  But Vitone is only nine, and dumb-witted.  He never speaks.
4) 17) text: Vitone, go! The boy runs as fast as he can out through the gates.  Th there is a lupara blast.  He turns, and sees his Mother flung a distance of five feet from the short range of the terrible blast of the shotgun.  Then he sees the men turn their attention to him.  One fires at him; but the boy is quick, and disappears into a grove of olive trees.
5) 2) text: Our Friend promises misery to anyone who harbors the boy Vito Andolini. (he turns and shouts in the other direction)
5) 3) text: Our Friend promises misery to anyone who harbors the boy Vito Andolini.
6) 2) text: Our Friend will be hard with any family who gives help to Vito Andolini. One of the children looks up, about to speak.  But the father sternly indicates that nothing must be said.  They on with their dinner.
7) 2) text: ...misery to any family who harbors the boy, Vito...
8) 0) text: Four little girls watch with wide eyes as their mother an father bind Vito tightly in swaddled cloth, and then lift him up to the side of a mule; counter-balancing a heavy l of firewood.  The father looks at the boy's almost stoica calm little face.
8) 2) text: Vito...We pray for you. He pulls the fabric over the boy's face.
9) 2) text: ...who harbors the boy Vitone Andolini. The figure of a single man on a mule passes them.
9) 4) text: Let no one give help to the boy Vito Andolini... The man on the mule makes his way out of the village and disappears into the distance. We begin to hear, very quietly, the Waltz repeated once a
12) 0) text: The hundreds of immigrant families sit on rows of benches the great hall.  Various painted lines lead to the steps processing rooms above. There is the babble of many interviews going on simultaneously, uncertainly, in different languages. Vito is bundled in an old coat, with a large tag pinned o it: "Vitone Andolini -- Corleone, Sicilia." He stands, moves up in the line, when several other immig boys, older than he, rush up an push him back in the line Weak from the trip, he falls to the floor.  The boys laug derisive in a language he cannot understand.  He struggle to his feet, lifting his makeshift bags; staring at them an icy hatred.
13) 0) text: Three or four interviews are crowded into the small room; they are conducted in English.  From the expression on Vito's face, and from the fragmented of the English, we realize that he doesn't understand a word of it.
13) 5) text: Vito...Corleone.  Step up, over there. He hands the form to another official. CLOSE VIEW on the form.  The name has been entered as Vit Corleone.
14) 0) text: Vito is stripped to the waist, as other immigrants wait. The DOCTOR is just finishing his examination.  He shakes head, and then writes on the medical form.
16) 0) text: The VIEW slowly begins to pull back, revealing this to be the view from inside the quarantine cell, where Vito stan on his bench, looking out to the statue through the barre window. Then he turns, and sits in the corner.  He is silent for long time. Then, in a sweet, pure voice, he sings to himself in Sici
17) 0) text: A nine year old boy, dressed immaculately in white, with large white silk bow tied to his shoulder, moving slowly down the aisle of the church with a group of other childr dressed in white.  He has dark black hair, and his face i unmistakably similar to young Vito's.  He moves slowly, h hands clasped around a golden missal.  We HEAR only the p voice of Vito in Sicilian, his sad song reaching out from the past, as ANTHONY CORLEONE, his Grandson, moves on the way to his First Holy Communion more than fifty years lat
31) 2) text: ...made to the University in the name of Anthony Vito Corleone. Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Corleone. Applause.  Senator Geary returns the microphone to the Maestro who adds:
47) 0) text: VITO CORLEONE is a shy young man of 23, holding his hat i his hand, being led down the crowded aisle of this Italia Vaudeville theatre by an energetic and fulfilled GENCO ABBANDANDO, his friend in America.  This entire sequence played in Sicilian.
48) 0) text: Genco hurrying down the backstage corridor, hoping to cat a glimpse of the actress.  He is followed by Vito.  Sudde Genco stops short.
48) 9) text: The Black Hand. Then he backs away.  Vito looks at him shocked and disappointed in this cowardly behavior.  Genco shakes his head, and points, as though to say that where Fanucci is concerned, there is nothing to be done.
49) 0) text: Genco and Vito; Genco leans against the wall, breathlessl as though he's had a near escape.
49) 2) text: I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.
49) 3) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 7) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 10) text: Because he knows them; he knows they have no one to protect them. Vitone?  What do you think of my angel?
49) 11) dialog: (Sicilian)
49) 15) dialog: For you, she is beautiful.  For me, there is only my wife!
50) 0) text: Vito moves through the street, carrying groceries that he to deliver. It is cold, and so vendors are huddled around fires they have lit in old cans and drums. He turns up an alleyway, and then stops.
51) 0) text: A tiny shop featuring imported food: trays of cured meats prosciutto, copagole, mortadella lies on the counter cove with netting to keep away the thousands of flies. Olive oil is sold in bulk, as well as wine, cheese and ba Genco works here for his father, and is busy slicing pape thin prosciutto for a customer, by hand.  Vito works in t back as a stock clerk. Finished with his customer, Genco moves to his friend.
51) 3) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 7) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 11) dialog: (Sicilian)
51) 15) dialog: (Sicilian)
53) 0) text: The very small, railroad type flat where Vito lives with new family. It is late at night, and he is exhausted. He returns home; where his young wife, CARMELLA, goes through the silent ritual of preparing a simple meal for He sits and eats quietly.
54) 0) text: Vito and Carmella enter the darkened bedroom, and approac metal crib.  Vito reaches down and takes the small hand o the baby between his thick peasant fingers.  Carmella wai a respectful distance behind him.
55) 4) dialog: (Sicilian) (surprised)
55) 7) text: He took the money.  Now he wants double from everybody in the neighborhood, including Papa. Vito watches the heated, but inevitable transaction.
55) 8) dialog: (Sicilian) (almost to himself)
55) 12) text: Vitone.  How is your son?
55) 13) dialog: (Sicilian)
55) 16) dialog: (Sicilian)
55) 18) dialog: (Sicilian)
55) 19) text: You have been kind to me since I was a boy; taken care of me, and been as a father.  I will always be grateful to you.  Thank you. Vito takes off his apron, and leaves, passing the youth w loiters by the counter.
56) 2) text: Vitone! He turns, and Abbandando has followed him out of the shop holding a basket of some groceries.
56) 4) dialog: No...please understand...I cannot accept.
57) 0) text: Vito and his wife sit quietly at the table; the two are quiet and sad. Suddenly, we HEAR a noise, and Vito is astonished to see young man, PETER CLEMENZA, leaning out of the window on t other side of the air shaft which separates their apartme
58) 0) text: Vito is walking through the crowded streets with a group workmen; they all wear work clothes, and paper hats on th heads. Vito looks to his left, and realizes that Clemenza is walking silently with him; by contrast, Clemenza dresses
58) 2) text: Do you have my goods still? Vito nods.
58) 4) text: Did you look inside? Vito, his face impassive, shakes his head 'no.'
59) 0) text: Vito and Clemenza drinking wine; they've become friends.
59) 3) dialog: (Sicilian)
59) 6) text: No.  He would give it away.  I know how to repay a consideration. Vito thinks, then nods.
59) 7) dialog: (Sicilian)
60) 0) text: The two men proceed up the hallway; Vito is impressed wit the opulence.
60) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
61) 0) text: Vito looks in awe at the luxurious apartment, which featu a fabulous rich red wool rug. Clemenza immediately moves some of the furniture away, an drops to the floor.
64) 0) text: Clemenza knocks on the steel door of this downtown buildi Vito waits with him, holding some packages; and another youth, TESSIO, tall and thin and deadly waits with them. The door is lifted, and they are greeted by a bright, middle-aged Italian named AUGUSTINO who leads them into a machine shop.
65) 14) dialog: listening.
66) 0) text: Tessio and Clemenza quickly load racks of cheap dresses. Vito sits behind the wheel of the truck.  He seems reserv and we get the impression that he is studying every move two friends are making.
68) 0) text: Clemenza jumps down the stairs, and out to the middle of street, where Vito and Tessio are waiting in the car with some of the stock.
68) 6) text: Vito, take the rest of the stock over to Dandine's warehouse; he'll move it to a wholesaler. The three part.  Vito drives the truck off.
68) 7) text: Vito drives the truck through the downtown streets; he tu a corner and stops for a light. Suddenly, to his left, he sees the formidable figure of Fanucci. He grabs young Corleone by the shoulder.
68) 10) text: Ahhh, young fellow.  People tell me you're rich, you and your two friends.  Yet, you don't show enough respect to send a few dresses to my home.  You know I have three daughters. Vito says nothing.  Fanucci thumbs through the stock.
68) 14) text: I understand each of you cleared around six hundred dollars.  I expect two hundred dollars for my protection and I'll forget the insult.  After all, young people don't know the courtesies due a man like myself. Vito smiles at him and nods.
68) 17) dialog: (Sicilian) (quietly)
68) 21) dialog: (Sicilian) (shrugging innocently)
68) 25) dialog: (Sicilian)
68) 28) text: You're a good fellow. He takes Vito's hands and clasps them in his own.
68) 30) text: You have respect.  A fine thing in the young.  Next time, speak to me first, eh?  Perhaps I can help you make your plans. Fanucci turns with the dresses draped over his arms, wavi to Vito. Vito throws the truck in gear, and drives off.
69) 10) text: What can we do? Clemenza doesn't even bother checking for Vito's opinion.
69) 13) dialog: (Sicilian)
69) 17) dialog: (Sicilian)
69) 19) dialog: (Sicilian)
69) 22) text: Vitone! (to Tessio)
69) 28) dialog: (Sicilian)
69) 32) dialog: (Sicilian)
69) 36) dialog: (Sicilian)
70) 1) text: Clemenza moves along the booths that have been set up alo the street: sausage cooking on an open fire; pork livers sweetbeards.  He stops for a sandwich, and makes an irrit gesture when the vendor expects to be paid.  He crosses t church-sponsored booth with a great Wheel of Fortune, and slaps a dollar on a number.  Standing next to him is Vito they embrace.
70) 7) text: It's only the way we collect that's different. Vito has left while Clemenza jokes with the Priest.
71) 0) text: Vito passes the booths of food, crossing toward a small a dark club.
72) 0) text: We can still HEAR the crowds and music of the festa.  Vit enters; the club is empty, except for the large white fig sitting alone at a small table.  Fanucci barely acknowled Vito as he joins him. Without a word, Vito counts out two hundred dollars on th table.  Fanucci looks, then takes off his fedora and puts on the table over the money.
72) 4) dialog: (Sicilian)
72) 7) text: Ah, you're a sharp young fellow. How is it I've never noticed you before (he takes the two hundred and pours some wine for Vito)
74) 0) text: Vito silently moves along the rooftop; paralleling Fanucc walk. We HEAR the sounds of the festa, and every so often catch glimpse of the patterned lights, and the crowds below.
76) 0) text: Vito makes the leap that separates two buildings; then crosses toward the large skylight in the center of the building.
79) 0) text: Vito tries the trap door on the roof; it is stuck firmly shut; despite Clemenza's instructions.  He struggles with it, but no luck. From the distance, the Choir begins to Latin.  Vito moves around the skylight, to an identical trap, tries this one it opens.
81) 0) text: Vito reaches down into the trap, and pulls out the newly oiled gun that has been left for him.  He slides down int the building.
83) 0) text: Vito climbs down from the attic, and finds Fanucci's rear door open.  He slips in, and makes his way past the open windows, out of which pour the music and chanting of the Mass.  Slowly and quietly he pulls them down, shut. He moves quietly to a glass door, and peeks out.
83) 7) text: A small gray alley cat is attracted to the young man, com up to him and rubs itself against him.  Vito rubs the animal, speaking softly in Sicilian, then, gaining its confidence, lifts it up and carefully lets it into Fanucc apartment. He steps back, holding the gun.  We HEAR some Italian shouted in the house; a loud sound from the cat, and some the thumping footsteps of Fanucci.
84) 0) text: Vito moves like a cat along the rooftops; we HEAR the conclusion of the Mass down below.
84) 1) dialog: Pausing; we can SEE the great spectacle of lights and candles on the streets below. He empties the gun of bullets and smashes the barrel agai the side of the roof ledge.  He reverses it in his hand, breaks the butt into two separate halves against the chim He smashes it again, and the pistol breaks into barrel an handle, two separate pieces. He then moves along the rooftop, dropping the two separat fragments into various air shafts.
86) 0) text: Vito is a dark figure, moving with agility across the rooftops.
89) 0) text: Vito's wife; her baby and several friends and neighbors s happily on the front stoop of their tenement.  Some of th men drink wine poured out of a pitcher; we can still HEAR the music and night sounds of the Festa. A neighbor is singing a Neapolitan song. Quietly, without a word, and with only a momentary glance from his wife, Vito joins the little group; takes a glass wine, and listens to the song.
89) 2) dialog: (Sicilian)
183) 3) dialog: You are kind.  If ever I can do something for you, in return, please come to me.
184) 1) dialog: (Sicilian)
184) 6) dialog: (Sicilian)
184) 13) dialog: (thoughtfully)
184) 16) dialog: It's done then.  You won't have to move; I'll speak to him tomorrow morning. Carmella breaks into a smile; which her husband des not acknowledge. The old woman starts to leave the room; but she is not convinced.
184) 18) dialog: I'm sure he's a good-hearted fellow. Once I explain how things are with you, I'm sure he'll take pity on your misfortunes.  Don't let it trouble you any more. (as he shows her out)
185) 1) dialog: Signore Roberto... He rises to be face to face with a polite Vito Corleone.
185) 2) dialog: The friend of my wife, a poor widow with no man to protect her, tells me that for some reason she has been ordered to move from your building.  She is in despair.  She has no money, she has no friends except those that live here. Signor Roberto brusquely answers, and continues on his wa
185) 5) dialog: I told her I would speak to you, that you are a reasonable man who acted out of some misunderstanding. She has gotten rid of the animal that caused all the trouble, so why shouldn't she stay.  As one Italian to another, I ask you the favor.
185) 7) dialog: How much more a month?
185) 9) text: Five dollars more. Vito reaches into his pocket, and takes out a roll of bil
185) 10) dialog: Here is the six month's increase in advance.  You needn't speak to her about it, she's a proud woman.  See me again in another six months. But of course, you'll let her keep her dog.
185) 12) dialog: I'm asking you a favor, only that. One never knows when one might need a friend, isn't that true?  Here, take this money as a sign of my good-will, and make your own decision.  I won't quarrel with it. (he puts the money in Roberto's hand)
185) 14) text: Do me this service, eh?  I won't forget it.  Ask your friends in this neighborhood about me, they'll tell you I'm a man who believes in showing his gratitude. Without a word more, Vito leaves a hypnotized Roberto standing in front of the tenement, his hand clasping the money.
187) 0) text: A newly acquired warehouse, stocked with cases of the new product "GENCO PURA" olive oil.  It is the beginning of a new business, in the American tradition.  Now they have o rattling old truck, and a few stock boys. Genco has become the accountant-business manager, based o the experience working with his father.  But it is clear, that Vito is the leader, and undisputed 'President' of th new enterprise. Genco moves through the darkness of the warehouse, to the small divided area that Vito uses as his office.
187) 3) dialog: Chi?
187) 6) dialog: Yes.
187) 9) dialog: What was that?
187) 11) dialog: I accept your generosity...
187) 18) dialog: Who is the greatest man you can think of?
187) 21) dialog: Then take that as your name: Hyman Rothstein. Genco is out in the alley; he calls out with glee.
188) 2) text: God bless America!  We're in business! The young men watch as the sign is hoisted into place.  O VIEW goes from one to the other: Clemenza, Genco, Vito an Hyman Rothstein.
196) 0) text: Vitone and his young family: Mama, Santino, Fredo and the baby Michael are met at the small station in Sicily by friends, and Mama's relatives.  There is a small band, playing for the occasion.  A small man has brought a moto car to pick the family up; and there are certain dark men with shotguns slung over their shoulders to preside over occasion. The family is helped into the car; the luggage is packed the roof, and the car drives off.  The second car, with bodyguards following.
197) 0) text: The villa is bloomed with flowers and DON TOMASINO at thi point is a man in his late twenties.  He embraces Vitone pats the heads of his children, and leads them all into t garden.
198) 0) text: A sumptuous table is set for the visiting family from America.  There is a warm atmosphere as Vito, his wife an children eat.  Tomasino and his family received presents from Carmella and to Tomasino's mother, and gifts are giv to all of the children. All typically American representing some of the prosperit and interests in the consumer goods that followed a great
201) 0) text: Vito has brought his wife and children to see the Olive O Depot which is the link to his New York importing busines They go inside.
202) 0) text: They are led by one of Vito's associates through rows and rows of large vats of olive oil.  Vito very proudly shows his associates in Italy the olive oil can that will be us in the United States.  They all stand around at the link their new importing business and share a toast of wine.
204) 0) text: We see an old car approach.  Its driver is the young Toma Sitting in the car with him is Vito. The car stops at the gates, and an old guard sees and recognizes Tomasino, opens the gates allowing them to ent
204) 3) text: Don Francesco, if you will honor me, by allowing me to introduce my associate in America, in New York. His name is Vito Corleone. The old man and his eyes glance up at a notion of a man w has taken the name of this town as his name.
204) 11) text: Have him come closer, I can't see very well. Vito takes those several steps, so that he is standing ri in front of the old man.
204) 16) dialog: (Sicilian)
204) 17) text: Vito Corleone.
204) 20) dialog: (Sicilian)
204) 24) text: Kill him!  Kill him! But he is too late; Vito steps forward.
204) 25) dialog: (Sicilian)
205) 0) text: Some of the townspeople have come bringing flowers and gi for Vito and his family. His wife is radiant with the flowers given her. The train has arrived and the crowd shout "Ciao, come bac soon."