0) 5) text: (sur pri sed) What ? Max | ooks down to find that his two front teeth have bec huge. Max stiffens and watches in horror as his feet grow equally huge, bursting through his shoes. Roxanne backs a terrified. Standing, Max's hands burst through his gl ove finger by finger, growng large and exaggerated. Max's ent body grows, dwarfing Roxanne and the surrounding | andsca His face changes, stretching and flattening, sinilar to Goof y's. Finally the nusic builds and the camera pulls b to reveal Max, now | ooking exactly like Goofy, standing the remains of his torn clothing. Max grabs his throat, b is unable to stifle a harsh, terrible Goofy-laugh as the music peaks.
1) 10) dialog: Mornin’, son!
1) 12) dialog: Oops! Sorry...1 forgot... Goofy backs out of the roomand closes the door behind him I medi ately he knocks on the door and wthout waiting for answer, opens it again and repeats:
1) 13) dialog: Mornin’, son!...came to see if you had any... dirty...clothes... Max is running around the room trying to gather his thing as quickly as possible. The roomis cluttered, wth clothes and various itens scattered everywhere.
1) 15) dialog: (looking di sdai nf ull y at the mess) Nex, | thought we talked about this...
1) 19) dialog: WII, | can drop you off on the way to work.
1) 21) dialog: Sorry about that....who was he, anyway?
1) 23) dialog: Qh... not bigger than Xavier Cougat, the manbo ki ng! Goofy grabs Max and starts dancing around the room wth Ma flailing to escape.
1) 24) dialog: Everybody manbo! Manbo, manbo, manbo. ..
1) 26) text: Max escapes and heads out the door, leaving Goofy to his finish. Qnce outside, Goofy, clad in his towels, catches and hands hima brown paper bag.
1) 27) dialog: Maxie, wait up! You forgot your lunch...have a good day. To Max's chagrin, Goofy kisses himon the cheek - just as group of his classmates skateboard by. They laugh at him Nex waves back, enbarrassed and stonps toward the gate to leave. As he leaves, an electric guitar riff begins the " Today" song.
5) 0) text: The scene changes wth a canera flash to a close up of Goo making a funny face and squeezing a rubber ducky. The ang changes and we see a small, bald baby on the verge of tea phe is bei ng phot ographed by Goofy, who is attenpting t er to smile.
5) 1) dialog: Coochy- coochy- goo- goo! Cone on...smile! Sniley-wley!...B b-b-b- b- b- b- b- b... Oh cone on, Kinmie... give me a big - Goof y squeezes a rubber ducky, making the typical squeak noise in an attenpt to get her to smile. As he squeezes i the squeaker pops out of the toy and into his mouth - get caught in his throat. Gasping, Goofy makes the squeaky no repeatedly. This anuses the little girl, and she begins | ing. Seeing his chance, Goofy steps behind the canera and takes the picture of the little girl - wth the red-eye gl intact. As he continues, Pete enters the scene. Goofy mak the squeaky sound, which annoys Pete. Goofy | ooks at him makes an i nqui siti ve- soundi ng squeak.
5) 3) dialog: Qkay Kinnie, back to nonmny, now B-b- b- b- b-b... (baby tal k) You're such a cute little girlie... you come back and see ne... Ki MV E'S NOM Qh, you have such a way Wth children. Goofy blushes as the nother | eaves.
5) 5) dialog: Qkay now... who's next over he- 16. Pete knocks Goofy out of the way.
5) 10) dialog: Gawsh, Pete... you sure are good wth kids...
5) 12) dialog: Really? Where are you going?
5) 14) dialog: Qh, Max would never go for anything like that. Goofy placates the little girl wth a stuffed animal. 17.
5) 16) dialog: Qh, Max is a good kid...he'd never get mi xed up into sonething like that.
6) 43) dialog: Hel | 0?
6) 45) dialog: Nax? Oh ny gawsh, is he hurt?
6) 47) dialog: Trouble? What kind of trouble?
6) 49) dialog: Gang nenber ??
6) 51) dialog: Ri ot ?? Oh, couldn't be ny -
6) 54) dialog: The electric chair! ? Nezur hangs up and Goofy drops his phone. He slunps into nearby chair.
6) 55) dialog: What am! gonna do?
7) 0) text: Goofy sits shell shocked in the chair for a moment. Sudde a bright blue light illuninates himand pans across the ro acconpanied by an announcenent on the PA system
7) 2) dialog: Lake Destiny... Now excited, Goofy runs back toward the Photo Department tells Pete his plans.
7) 4) dialog: Lake Destiny | daho!
7) 6) dialog: You were right, Pete...nothing like the great outdoors to strengthen the bond bet ween father and son. You said so yourself...
7) 8) dialog: I'mgoin' fishing! I'mgoin' fishing wth ny boy! Wthout waiting for Pete's response, Goofy runs off, carry the toy. Pete shakes his head in confusion and | ooks bac through the lens.
9) 2) dialog: Sure are, pal -erooni e!
9) 4) dialog: But Max, this isn't just MW vacation...it's a vacation wth ne and ny best buddy!
9) 6) dialog: No, silly! Wth you! The canera does a zip-zoomtoward Max, centering on his shocked face. He collapses, falling backwards. Fading fro black, we see an upward-! ooking view of Goofy coning int focus. He slaps Max's face lightly to rouse him 26.
9) 7) dialog: Are you okay, Maxie?
9) 9) dialog: That's right! A vacation, son! W'll spend sone real quality time together! Goofy picks himup and hugs him
9) 11) dialog: Hey, got a present for ya!
9) 13) dialog: You look just like | did at your age.
9) 15) dialog: Wait, | saved the best for last. Goof y produces a dusty old rectangular box. He bl ows cl of dust off the surface.
9) 16) dialog: It's been handed dow from goof to goof to goof, and now..it's yours, son. Goofy opens the box to reveal an old fishing rod inside.
9) 18) dialog: No, silly, a fishin’ pole! 27. Goofy twrls the line in the air.
9) 20) dialog: Yep, just like ny Dad and ne did...two best buddies fishing on Lake Destiny...away fromit all... Goofy walks toward the car.
9) 22) dialog: Hey, look, Maxie...we're usin’ the same map ne and ny Dad used. W'l! take the sane route, make the sane stops, see the sane sights... Enchanted, maj esti c- sounding nusic begins playing as G opens an old, dusty map and spreads it across the hood of the car. Max, still puffed up, waddles over. The map has tangle of criss-crossing, looping, wld lines drawn on it...eventually leading to Lake Destiny, Idaho. At the bo is a list of names ending wth Walter Goofy and Benj anin Goofy, which are both crossed out, and beneath themis scrawed "All Goofs". Max is shocked.
9) 24) dialog: Exactly! Gettin’ there's half the fun! Max pushes the nap asi de.
9) 26) dialog: Careful, son! You'll winkle ny past...and our future... (myst eri ousl y) What the map says, Max, ve wll follow..
9) 29) dialog: Aw...there wll be plenty of tine for parties when you're older, | Maxie...why, when | was your age, I'd never even been invited to a party, and look at me now Goofy strikes a proud pose.
9) 31) dialog: Hop in, Maxie. Max shuts the door.
9) 33) dialog: Qh, all right, then... guess I'll just have to go - all alone, that's all...just sit in the boat - all alone...and talk to nyself - all al one...
9) 35) dialog: Qh, come on! Hop in! Goofy opens the car door again hoping to persuade him Max refuses repeatedly and shuts the door each time Goofy ope it.
9) 37) dialog: Just hop right in there!
9) 39) dialog: Cone on, Maxie...go for it! At this point, Goofy is out of ideas, conpletely frustrat He grabs Max, who is still immobile in the inflatable ves and shoves theminto the car. He ties himdow wth the seatbelt, acconpanied by a barrage of protests from Max.
9) 40) dialog: W're ready for takeoff! Goof y shuts Max in as he struggles wth the restraints, r around the car and gets in the driver's side. He gets rea to start the car.
9) 41) dialog: Set for adventure, Maxie?
9) 43) dialog: (fri ght ened) "Cause | don't want you to end upin the electric chair!
9) 45) dialog: I'mnot givin’ up on ya, son...together we're gonna work this out .
9) 47) dialog: No buts about it, Maxie boy... your old pop knows best.
10) 1) dialog: G bye house!...g' bye mai! box!...g' bye pile of broken wood! They head down the road, and are only several blocks from their house when Max renenbers his date wth Roxanne.
10) 3) dialog: WIl... Max grabs the wheel of the car, turning it to the right. car careens around the turn, leaning sideways. Bouncing o of other vehicles and severing a fire hydrant, the car fi pulls to the side of the road. Max gets out and heads up wal kway in Roxanne's front yard.
11) 1) dialog: Now make it quick, Maxie boy... we've got to put sone road behind us. Max mutters to hinself, frustrated.
11) 23) dialog: Cone on, son! Let's get this show on the road!
11) 32) dialog: Day One! WII, here we are, out on the open road; retracing the steps of ny boyhood... and heeeeere's Maxie!... A hyuk!...Say hi, Max! Goof y pans the canera toward Max, who is | ooking sadly the wndow When pronpted, Max looks briefly at the canera, then quickly turns away.
11) 33) dialog: WII, how about a wave? Max puts his hand over the lens, but Goofy remains undaun
11) 35) dialog: What a kidder!....Hnmm.. Goof y |ooks at Max thoughtfully and begins to get frustr when he cones up wth an idea. He checks his pockets and finds a hastily scrawed list of games that he had played wth his father as a child. Some of the items include stor telling, road bingo, twenty questions and simon says. He begins to read the list, and excitedly asks Max to play w he picks one.
11) 36) dialog: Fun ganes | used to play wth ny Dad... road bingo...twenty que- oh!... Hey Maxie, uh, let's play a gane? You think of a nane, and I'll try to guess who it is! Uh, man or woman?
11) 38) dialog: Man? Hnnm..that's a toughie... Wilt Di sney!
11) 40) dialog: Ooh, I' mgood at this...now uh, I'll think of one... hnmm.. Goof y's thought is interrupted but | oud and raucous roc guitar music. Surprised, he looks at Max, who is busy playing "air guit wth his hands and listening to the nusic.
11) 41) dialog: (shouting over the nusi c) Qh! You want to sing a song, huh? Ne and ny Dad used to sing this one all the tine! Goofy grabs an ei ght-track cassette fromhis rack, puts i in the car's tape deck, starts it playing , and sings (po along Wth it. Max looks at Goofy in disbelief.
11) 46) dialog: Oh, Maxie...it's not so bad! W'll just have to entertain oursel ves. Max sighs and resunes | ooking out the wndow Goofy begins to get frustrated as they sit in silence, wth cars passin quietly. He looks around for something to do, then notice the car keys rattling against his Disney | ogo keychain i interesting rhythm He I ooks in the side-view nirror and sees that the tailpipe has joined in - puffing and backfi in time. Sone rattling pots and pans in their | uggage contribute, and Goofy begins whi stl ing. Nex |ooks at him bored, as they nerge onto the hi ghwey - passing a sign | abeled "Qpen Road" - and Goofy begins th "Qpen Road" song. Trying to liven himup, Goofy playfully pokes at Max, nuss up his hair, and grabs himin a hug-like hold - but he doe pay attention to where he's going, and the car swerves Wi
11) 47) dialog: Do you need a break from nodern livin'? Do you long to shed your weary load? If your nerves are raw, and your brain is fried, just grab a friend and take a ride together upon the open road. Max pries Goofy's arms off his neck, and returns to his original position, exasperated.
11) 49) dialog: Yuck! Goofy nearly hits a tractor-trailer, then zips across | a of traffic. He hits the guard rail, sending out a shower sparks and setting the car on two wheels. While partially airborne, Max's side of the car passes over a notorcycle wth sidecar. They then get back on course as they pass ro of snoking factories.
11) 51) dialog: There's nothin’ can upset me, cause now we're on our way. Our trusty map will guide us straight and true. Now passing oi! rigs, Goofy begins reading the map and steering wth his feet. Max looks into the clouds and i ma one is Roxanne. His vision is interrupted as Goofy begins running over construction cones and head straight for a construction scaffold. Max screans and covers his eyes as they pl ow into the lower rungs of the scaffold and knock over. Goofy doesn't notice anything. He puts the map away and continues dri ving.
11) 53) dialog: Ne and Mex relaxing like the old days.
11) 55) dialog: In a buddy- buddy kind of mode.
11) 57) dialog: When | see that highway, | could cry.
11) 59) dialog: Just being out on the open road. As they pass a pickup truck, Goofy notices that it is car a man playing a piano. Three country singers pop out of t pi ano and sing.
11) 68) dialog: It's me and little Maxie, ny pi psqueak pi oneer. A "woody" station wagon full of nuns passes.
11) 76) dialog: ...a break fromnodern livin'...doo doo dum dum...grab a friend...
11) 78) dialog: Qh, no thanks, son...navigatin's a big responsi bility! Max gives hima dirty | ook.
11) 79) dialog: Besides, you wouldn't want to spoil the big surprise! I'mtaking you somepl ace pretty special !
12) 0) text: Twangy country nusic plays as Goofy pulls into the parkin lot of Lester's Possum Park, a run-down tourist trap. The entrance is shaped like a huge possum head wWth an open n and big teeth. A nother is dragging a terrified little gi into it. Max is nortified at the sight of it.
12) 1) dialog: Gaw'sh, it's even better than | remenber ed...
12) 4) dialog: A-hyuk! Ya party pooper! Cone on! This is gonna be fun! Goofy grabs Max and drags him out of the car.
13) 2) dialog: Just in tine... 41. The curtain opens to reveal a cheaply desi gned and pai n set and an extraordinarily unimpressive nechanical "Leste which performs the nusical nunber.
13) 5) dialog: Got us a seat right up front! The Lester character introduces the others, each of which pops out of their own hole. The Mbrdicai character fizzle and sparks before working correctly.
13) 12) dialog: Yodel ay- hee. . . yodel - odel - ode- I ay. . .
14) 0) text: As soon as the show ends, the whole crowd expl odes out o the theater. Trailing themis Goofy, funbling wth his cancorder. He gets it working and points it at the door, ready to film Max. He turns around and sees the souvenir st and. He decides to get something for him Max approache sl ow y.
14) 1) dialog: Hey! That's the ticket!...I'Il be right back, ny little possum pal... Goofy walks away, toward the stand. Max is left alone to nope when a big costune-character approaches.
14) 10) dialog: Here you go, sport!... What say we get our picture taken?
14) 12) dialog: Oh, all right...but you're missing out ! Goofy walks toward the stand to have his picture taken. M begins to turn away when he hears | oud | aughter. He | o back in shock.
14) 15) dialog: Hi-ya, son! An obnoxi ous kid standing near Max points at and nocks G
14) 18) dialog: Sass- ee-frass! Goof y and the possums pose and snile. The photographer t the picture, but just after the flash fades, the branch t were hanging on falls - catapult- ing one of the possums through the air. Goofy lands on his head while the possum smacks into Max's face. After looking directly at Max for norent, the possum decides to hide - in Max's shirt. Max starts junping around widly, trying to get rid of the pos The band takes this as their cue to play dance nusic, and begins to do so. Goofy also thinks Max is dancing, and ru to join him
14) 20) dialog: That's the spirit, Maxie! Max resol ves the situation by pulling his pants dow and extricating the possum Just as he pulls his pants up agai Goofy grabs himby the armand begins spinning and danci ng him around in a conical country-style dance. All Max sees a flurry of laughing faces.
14) 22) dialog: Ta-da! A hyuk! The obnoxious kid pops out of the crowd to make fun of th
14) 25) dialog: Max! Hey, what the heck're you tryin’ to do? Goof y puts his hand on Max's shoulder, but Max jerks awa
14) 27) dialog: (sur pri sed) Me? Wwhat did | do?
14) 29) dialog: | thought we wes havin’ fun!... What's the matter? 46.
14) 31) dialog: Qh, you dropped your hat... The sight of the hat pushes Max over the edge. He screams and ina fit of rage, he tears at the hat, and throws it against the wndow and windshield.
14) 33) dialog: (carefull y) Hey, Max... you wanna get in sone fishin’ practice? Just a couple a days ‘til we get to Lake Destiny... Max gets up and begins to walk away - leaving a line in t dirt as he drags his stick.
15) 0) text: Goofy is putting sone materials in the tent, and his head inside when the ground begins to runble and shake. Sudden the dark shadow of a large machine passes over him The vehicle straddles Goofy and the tent. Several large, cl a feet jaminto the ground viciously around the tent. A larg spinning bl ade on a long armfells rows of trees. A satel dish pops out of the machine's roof, scanning the sky. A large platformflips dom fromits side, revealing a patio table and chair set. A spa and niniature basketball! cour pop out. A swnming pool, conplete wth water, and a bowing lane wth balls also emerge before the noise ceases. A wde shot reveals that the contraption is a huge RV. Max cones out not the woods to see what is going on and is awed by si ght.
15) 2) dialog: Did you say sonething, Max? Just as he finishes his phrase, the big metal door wngs down and lands on his head wth a resounding clang. A thic nist billows out, surrounding a shadow but faniliar figur
15) 3) dialog: Ow... Pete?
17) 0) text: Goofy watches as Pete bows on his rooftop lane as they ta
17) 2) dialog: Qh, | don't know what's wrong... Just seems like everything | try only drives Max further away... maybe | oughta just back off...| don’t know
17) 4) dialog: Too bad, Pete...al most... 50. Pete looks angrily at Goofy, and decides to prove his poi He bellows at PJ.
17) 10) dialog: Qh, no thanks, Pete...uh, Max and | have sone fish to catch! Goof y puts his hand on Max's shoulder and nusses his hai he says this. Max gets angry and flings Goofy's hands asi
17) 12) dialog: ( sur pri sed) But Max! | thought - Pete el bows Goofy and quietly gives him "advice". 51.
17) 14) dialog: (sternly) Maxi ni Ili an!
17) 16) dialog: (sternly) Get your gear, little man! W're going fishin’! Max frowns and sets his jaw, challenging Goofy. Goofy res wth authority.
17) 17) dialog: (1 oudl y) And | mean NOW Max turns away and leaves, defeated.
18) 0) text: The water of a quiet streamis disturbed when Goofy pushes an unwlling Max out into the stream- both of themin wader
18) 2) dialog: Qh, cone on! That never st opped ne!...Let me show you a little fanily secret - handed down through about twelve or thirteen Goof generations ...The Perfect Cast. 52.
18) 4) dialog: The Perfect Cast! My Dad taught it to me when |! was about your age...okay, now... watch carefully! Max watches, unimpressed, as Goofy shakes his body around loosen up and denonstrates the cast.
18) 5) dialog: You gotta be | oooooose, rel aaaaxed... you put your feet apart, then...ten o'clock, two o'clock, quarter to three, touchate, twist, over, pot-o-dew, I'ma little tea pot, and the wind up!... Goof y swings the pole backward to wd up for the cast, an he inadvertently hooks a steak on Pete's nearby barbecue grill. He makes the cast and snatches it away. Pete, who | ooking the other way, looks back to his steak and is surprised to find it gone.
18) 6) dialog: 
18) 8) dialog: The Perfect Cast... The steak overshoots the water and | ands on the opposite side. After a monent, a shadow covers it, followed by an approaching pair of large feet. The canera pans upward to show Bigfoot eating a tree bran He smells the steak, |ooks down and spies it. Goofy doesn realize what is going on, and he continues his denonstrat
18) 9) dialog: ...and now, we reel ‘er in! Bi gf oot |ooks at the branch, the steak and back again. deci des the steak looks better, and throws the stick awa He prepares to eat the steak when a tug fromthe line send it hopping a bit. After recoiling in fear, he gets angry attenpts to catch the treat - which is now speeding away Goofy reels in his line. Bigfoot, roaring, makes several unsuccessful attenpts to catch the steak and is eventuall dragged underwater. Goofy is still fighting the line, thi he's caught a fish. 53.
18) 10) dialog: Whoa! Quick, get the canera! Mex retrieves the camera and hands it to Goofy, who begin filning - thinking he's going to filma large fish he's caught .
18) 11) dialog: Must be over three pounds! | don't want to niss this! Goof y pans the cancvorder upwards and sees Bi gf oot thr the viewinder, who is holding a fishin his nouth. Goofy looks at himin amazenent. Max, however, realizes the trou they're in.
18) 12) dialog: (i neredul ous! y) Look, Max!
18) 14) dialog: Could you back up a bit M. Foot? You're out of focus. Bi gf oot roars angrily, and Goofy and Max flee, and Goof sw ngs the pole in the process. The steak on the end of t line is yanked out of Bigfoot's nouth and flies through t air. It hits Pete in the face, and he pulls it off angril
18) 16) dialog: Behold, the legendary Bi gf oot... fabled but sel dom- aaahhhhhhhh! Ow... ow... oof!... ow
18) 19) dialog: And | got the only video!
18) 24) dialog: Nope... still here... Bi gf oot runs back to the baggage, sending a shower of c and other items across the car's hood while Goofy and Max talk. A grunbling noise is heard.
18) 25) dialog: Gee, Max...is that Bigfoot or your st omach? 55.
18) 27) dialog: A-hyuk! Alphabet soup, conin' up! Goofy rolls down the wndow to reach the soup. In the proc he makes a small noise, which Bigfoot hears. Looking up, alarned, Bigfoot is crushing a can of whipped creamin his mouth. When he sees that Goofy and Max are vulnerable, he begins running toward them roaring. Terrified, they try t get their can of soup inside even faster.
19) 0) text: The cigarette lighter in Goofy's apartment pops, and he removes it. He balances the can of soup on top of the lig
19) 1) dialog: WIl...it's nice to knowthis thing's good for sonethin'! Waiting for the soup to finish, Goofy and Max sit, | ooki away fromone another wthout speaking. Suddenly, Bi gf oot appears in the wndow behind themin the distance. He dance to "Stayin' Alive" behind their heads, but they don't not him After he's gone, silence returns. Max and Goofy | ook one another si nultaneously, the they both | ook away, embarrassed. Mbre unconfor- table silent moments pass whe Goof y begins chuckling wthout warning.
19) 2) dialog: Hnm hnm hnm .. ha- ha- ha- ha! MAX What's so funny? Goof y poi nts to the can of soup warning on the dashboar
19) 3) dialog: Hi Dad Soup! 56.
19) 5) dialog: Qh, don't tell me you don't renenber Hi Dad Soup? Max looks at himwith a blank | ook.
19) 6) dialog: Qh, come on! Sure you do! You used to spell things out using the letters, like uh, "Hi Dad" or "Maxie" or -
19) 8) dialog: Yeah, that's - huh? Naw..little words like, uh...
19) 10) dialog: Like "Bye-bye!"
19) 12) dialog: -or "I love you-" Goofy stops himself short and looks surprised at what he' said. A soft, sad oboe piece begins. Max | ooks equally s and they both turn away fromone another. Max, trying to fill the silence inquires about their meal.
19) 14) dialog: Qh, almost forgot... Goof y picks up the can and opens it by puncturing the li wth his big front teeth.
19) 16) dialog: Your granddad taught me that, when we went to Yosenite...
19) 18) dialog: (sadl y) Yup... Max looks sadly into his soup. Both of thembegin at speak at once, but neither hears the other and they both cut thensel ves off.
19) 19) dialog: (si mul t aneousl y) Dad... / Max...
19) 20) dialog: Unm..uhh....how s the soup? Max drinks sone of the soup and answers him He wpes his nouth, but some of the soup remains on his face.
19) 23) dialog: (shaking his head) Nothin’. The silence is interrupted by grunts from Bigfoot as the lurches back and forth. Bigfoot climbs onto the roof and lays down to sleep.
19) 24) dialog: WIl, we night as well get sone shuteye...1 don't think we're goin’ anywhere toni ght... Goof y | ays down on the seat and curls up to sleep. Max the soup off his mouth and | ooks dow into the cup inquisitively, swrling the soup around. After a few nonents, Goofy is roused by a tap to his shou and Max hands himthe cup of soup. Goofy | ooks down into cup, in which the letters now spell "Hi Dad". Deeply nove he looks back at Max, who is lying dow, nearly asleep. 58.
19) 25) dialog: ( whi sper i ng) Hi Maxie... After a brief establishing shot of the exterior of the ca wth Bigfoot on top to indicate the passage of time, Goofy is seen sitting upright in the front seat of the car - sn loudly. Bigfoot is also snoring loudly on the roof. Max, however is staring into space wth bloodshot eyes, unable sleep. He sits up in the seat and funbles through the bag beside him Pulling out a postcard fromLester's Possum Par he finds a pencil and decides to wite to Roxanne.
19) 28) dialog: Hi dad (yawn) Soup, pl ease... Max sniles, touched...and decides to do the right thing.
19) 31) dialog: (sl eepi | y) How many cups of sugar does it take to get to the noon?
21) 2) dialog: Ri ght here! Wl TRESS Here you go, hon... She turns to Max to hand himhis food, but he is preoccupi and doesn't hear her. Wal TRESS Eggs... eggs... EGS...
21) 4) dialog: Max, | think we need to talk about this... Max, thinking he's been caught in the act, stutters nervo
21) 6) dialog: Seens to me you need to start takin’ some responsi bility around here... Goofy stands up at his seat, taps his water glass and dra everyone's attention. Max shrinks into his seat, enbarras
21) 7) dialog: Excuse me, uh, can! have your attention, please? I, Goofy, hereby dub ny son, Maxinillian, official navi gator and head whi ch- way-er of this here road trip. 61. Goof y hands Max the nmap, cerenoni ously. The other peop the diner appl aud and cheer | oudl y.
21) 9) dialog: I'mnot even lookin’ at the map anynore. As a matter of fact, you can pick all the stops fromhere to Lake Destiny. | trust you whol eheartedl y, son. Nex looks back at Goofy sheepishly. Goofy raises his mug coffee for a toast, and Max joins himwth his water gl ass... gingerly.
21) 10) dialog: To the open road!
22) 0) text: After a brief establishing shot of Goofy and Max carrying their luggage through the door, they energe in their room It is lit in an eerie green light that befits the nautica thene. The waterbeds are transparent wth fish swmming inside, and the rest of the decor is sinilar.
22) 1) dialog: Caw sh! Max sees the waterbed and junps on it. The water sloshes back and forth. Goofy looks at and feels the material the furniture is made of.
22) 3) dialog: Check out the dresser... coral ! Qn the wall there is a night light shaped like Ariel, whi both Goofy and Max adnire.
22) 5) dialog: Cassy choice, there, navi gator. The quiet is broken by a loud pounding at the door fol! o by yelling. Goofy and Max begin to approach the door ging
22) 8) dialog: Ah- hyuk! You really had him fool ed, Pete.
22) 10) dialog: Nuh-uh! I's just pretending for your sake!
22) 12) dialog: Did too!
22) 17) dialog: (rel uct antl y) Wil... 65.
22) 19) dialog: Qh, okay.
23) 0) text: The scene switches to an exterior shot of the inn to indi the passage of time. The we see the interior of the room again. Max and PJ are sitting on the bed and the floor, respectively, talking. Goofy enters in a swrsuit and carr a pizza for themto eat.
23) 2) dialog: Here you go, kids...I'm gonna go check out the hot tub.
24) 0) text: The hot tub is surrounded by a high fence topped wth fl a torches and various plants. Goofy eases himself into the steany water. A soft green glow sinilar to the one in the room shines fromin the water. He begins to relax, and sin under the surface of the water. After a few nonents, a la figure appears above him He sits up and sees Pete standin over himina small, tight, pink swnoesuit.
24) 3) dialog: Yeah! It's been great! You know, it's funny, but none of your techni ques worked for me. The harder | tried, the worse it got. Qnce | eased up, things just clicked. Goofy gets up and noves toward Pete. He sits on the stair near the handrail and begins to relax, sinking back into water.
24) 5) dialog: Not a one. 67. Goof y begins to relax again, but Pete grabs his attentio telling himabout the nap.
24) 7) dialog: (curi ous) What is it, Pete?
24) 9) dialog: (ner vousl y) Whaddya nean?
24) 11) dialog: ( shocked) Wat ?
24) 13) dialog: (cal ni y) | don't believe you.
24) 15) dialog: | don't believe you, Pete. Goofy gets out of the hot tub and begins heading toward t room
24) 17) dialog: | don't need to check the map...1 trust ny son. 68. He begins to turn away, but decides to tell Pete what he thi nks.
24) 18) dialog: You know, naybe Max isn't all the things that you think a son should be, but...he loves ne.
24) 20) dialog: ( qui etl y) Yeah...
25) 0) text: Goofy walks away fromthe hot tub slowy. He approaches the car and their room and gets in the car. As he opens the door, the green gl ow nonentarily succunbs to the bri ght white light fromthe car's dome light. He shuts it again a the green glowreturns. He sits in the driver's seat and begins reaching for the glove conpartment to check the na He decides not to do it and hits the steering wheel in frustration. As he does this, the gl ove conpartnent pops Open, revealing the map.
26) 0) text: After a brief shot of the exterior of the Neptune Inn, we see Max and PJ still watching TV when Goofy walks in | oo shell-shocked. Max turns around and greets himcheerfully and unknow ngl y.
27) 0) text: Goof y and Max are driving dow the road in silence. Goofy still has the same shocked expression on his face. Goofy deci des to give Max a chance to make the right choice, a hopes to avoid a confrontation. They exchange unconf ort ooks.
27) 1) dialog: WII, here you go, navi gator...just follow ny route on the map, son.
27) 3) dialog: Here comes our junction... Max still munbles, undecided as they careen toward the ce divider on the hi ghway.
27) 4) dialog: Okay, Max...nowthis is it: left or ri ght ?
27) 6) dialog: Core on, Max!!
27) 14) dialog: (angrily) Why bother? |'m probably too stupid to understand, anyway, ri ght?
27) 17) dialog: (angrily) What ? Now you wanna drive, too?
27) 19) dialog: The car! Both of thembegin running after the car, frantically.
27) 20) dialog: What'd you do now, Max?
27) 22) dialog: Qh, ohhhh... whoa! You | ocked it! Goofy grabs onto the driver's side of the car and tries t open the door, but it's | ocked.
27) 24) dialog: WII, you distracted ne!...whoa!! Max pulls Goofy into the car up to his waist, and he | os his pants.
27) 26) dialog: Why don't you just put it on yourself! Goofy grabs the brake lever and pulls it to stop the car, but it breaks off in his hand.
27) 28) dialog: WII, you ruined the vacation!
28) 2) dialog: Were *I* got us! ? They both struggle to get back on the car. Goofy boosts M up onto its roof.
28) 4) dialog: Why? So you'd end up in prison?
28) 6) dialog: Your principal called me! You even lied to ne!
28) 8) dialog: | was only tryin’ to take ny boy fishin’, okay? 73.
28) 10) dialog: | KNOWthat! | just wanted to be part of it! The car slides over a small waterfall into calmwater. The car stops bobbing and the sun begins shining on them
28) 11) dialog: You're ny son, Max...no matter how big you get, you'll always be ny son... Goofy and Max sit wth their backs to each other in silenc as the car continues to float gently through the canyon. Bi rds fly overhead and soft nusic begins. Max breaks the silence.
28) 13) dialog: None taken. The car floats into a cavern wth blue ripples reflecting onto its ceiling fromthe water.
28) 15) dialog: Qh your nvodi ness is now and then bew Il derin'...and your values nay be, so to speak, askew...
28) 17) dialog: Thanks!
28) 20) dialog: Nobody else but you, it's just our luck, we're stuck together. Nobody else but you, it's crazy enough to believe we'll come through. They both take off their shoes and splash the water wth their feet.
28) 22) dialog: And your nusic sounds like monkeys in a zoo.
28) 23) dialog: But when life become di stressin', who will | be SOS' n? A small fish grabs Max's toe and he lifts it out of the w nonentarily. Goofy lifts up his foot to find that a huge, ugl y fish has swallowed it. He quickly shakes it off and sends it fl ying.
28) 25) dialog: Nobody else but you, we've turned into a true blue duo. Hard tines, we've had a few..like we're thrown in the drink, like we're tossed out of town, but when | start to sink, hey I'd rather go dow... The car resurfaces wth a splash and bobs up and dow.
28) 26) dialog: Wth nobody else, but Y-OU!
28) 27) dialog: ( smooch) Aw, Dad! 75.
29) 2) dialog: Well whaddya know... ny Maxie, in love! Huh... Gosh, you're really grown' up. Happened so fast, | guess | sorta mssed It. The water around the car becones increasingly choppy and light fades.
29) 3) dialog: WIlp, | think the only thing for us to do nowis to get you up onstage wth this Powerline feller...
29) 5) dialog: Now you just leave that up to me...
29) 7) dialog: Now how cone you al ways think I'm gonna |ead you into some sort of cal anit y? Max |ooks downstream and does a doubl etake. The water is vani shing over a waterfall, and the car is heading direc for it.
29) 9) dialog: What's wong now?
29) 11) dialog: Hyuk! A waterfall... WATERFALL! ?! ? 76.
30) 0) text: The car spins and sloshes, and Goofy falls off. Max conti to hold on.
30) 1) dialog: (fri ght ened) Max is quickly carried downstream on the car, leaving Goo behi nd.
30) 3) dialog: Mex! The current slams Goofy against a rock and he grabs onto Sone of their luggage floats by, including the fishing ro case, which hits himin the back of the head. Goofy gets t fishing rod out and runs dowstreamon the rocks. He runs out on a log, in hopes of being able to get Max wth the pole.
30) 4) dialog: Gab a hold, Max! Goofy holds out the end of the pole. Max dives for it but misses, landing back in the water wth the car. Goofy stan hel plessl y as Max continues to float toward the falls.
30) 7) dialog: (falling) Nex looks at the end of the pole and thinks about The Per Cast. Wthout hesitation he attenpts to performit.
30) 9) dialog: (falling)
30) 10) text: The line is still loose and continuing to drop. Max's fac falls when he realizes it hasn't caught. Suddenly the lin becones taut and Max gets pulled dowwerd wth the added weight. He begins to reel it in furiously. Goofy emerges fromthe nist suspended by the hook.
30) 12) dialog: (senti mentally) The Perfect Cast... Max and Goofy grab one another firmy and hug. Both have tears in their eyes. As they enbrace, Goofy's map lands on his head. He lifts up and | ooks at it.
30) 14) dialog: And it's not over yet...
32) 0) text: The backstage crewis unl oading equi pnent into the stadi Max and Goofy have hidden in sone of the instrument cases and they are carried into the loading area. When the door closes, they energe.
32) 2) dialog: Oof! W made it!... Cone on, Mex...let's get you onstage...
32) 8) dialog: Max?. . . Max?
33) 0) text: The guard in pursuit of Max makes a lunge and nisses. Max grabs onto a lighting scaffold that is being lifted into position. Goofy, trapped inside another of the pyrotechni spheres, is being lifted onto the stage. The sphere arcs expl odes like Powerline's, and Goofy is sent flying onto 80. stage. He lands onstage beside Powerline wth the tip of h hair still flaming. Powerline gives hima curious | ook.
33) 1) dialog: Excuse me... Max? Ooh! Aaaaahhh! Max is nortified, but has a brainstorm
37) 1) dialog: You're doin' the right thing, son.
37) 3) dialog: WIl, if she doesn't, maybe she's just not the one for you.
38) 17) dialog: Do do dooo...do do do doo... ah- ho- hoooey! Roxanne and Max cringe sinultaneousl y as Goofy crashes t the roof on Roxanne's porch.
38) 18) dialog: A- h- h- hyuk! Max sniles and introduces them 84.
38) 20) dialog: Enchante, Madenoi sel le (smack)