12) 0) text: Twangy country nusic plays as Goofy pulls into the parkin lot of Lester's Possum Park, a run-down tourist trap. The entrance is shaped like a huge possum head wWth an open n and big teeth. A nother is dragging a terrified little gi into it. Max is nortified at the sight of it.
13) 3) dialog: Howly, folks! Who's your favorite possun?
13) 6) dialog: Let me introduce you to the posse: Here's Beauford, Beulah and Mprdi cai ! MORDI CAl Hey, Lester...ready for yodelin' ?
13) 7) dialog: Sure am Beauford! Country nusic begins playing and the nechanical "posse" b bounci ng up and dow and "playing" their instruments.
13) 8) dialog: Now gather “round, my possum pals...join the jamboree. Cone hoot “n' how ‘n' holler fromthe hearth...
13) 10) dialog: ...And every chicken, pig and goat'!! help by yelpin' out a yodel here at Lester's Possum Park.
13) 13) dialog: Lester's Possum Park. The yodeling continues, and the little girls laughs nore gives Max still bigger toothless sniles. Max finds all th very unnerving. He rolls his eyes at Goofy and resigns hi to pouti ng.
13) 14) dialog: Don't you wanna be, a hangin’ froma tree, we're mighty glad to see you and the parkin's al ways free - here at Lester's po-po- po... The machine gets stuck and the encee whacks it with his f making it finish the show Max puts his head in his hands resi gnati on.
14) 3) dialog: Hello, little buddy!...Who's your favorite possun? Max doesn't want to be bothered, and is not happy to see him He begins to walk away when the character becomes nor insistent.
14) 5) dialog: Awww. ... why such a | ong face?... you're so sad... boo-hoo...1 know You need a big hug from Lester! Nex knows what he's going to do, and starts to warn him- but it's too late. Lester grabs him picks himoff the ground, and squeezes hi tightly. This infuriates Max.
14) 7) dialog: See?...now you feel all good inside! Max slaps the character in the face, and its head spins a and faces the wong way. Disoriented, he stunbles off into the background, where a group of little kids tackles himt the ground and drags himaway in a swarm