0) 2) dialog: Huh?
0) 4) dialog: Roxanne? She turns to himand bl ows on the dandelion she is hol di and they brush against Max's face. Max chuckles. She j un off the pedestal and floats gracefully down toward Max. H reaches out to catch her, but loses his balance, and both tunble lightly to the ground. They lie on the ground brie watching the clouds and laughing. Then, turning to each o they exchange neaningful glances. Slowy, as the music bui to a climax, they drawcloser to kiss, but just as they ar about to, Roxanne recoils in fear. The background changes froma pristine wheat field to a nightmarish tangle of tho and the nusic changes accor di ngl y.
0) 5) text: (sur pri sed) What ? Max | ooks down to find that his two front teeth have bec huge. Max stiffens and watches in horror as his feet grow equally huge, bursting through his shoes. Roxanne backs a terrified. Standing, Max's hands burst through his gl ove finger by finger, growng large and exaggerated. Max's ent body grows, dwarfing Roxanne and the surrounding | andsca His face changes, stretching and flattening, sinilar to Goof y's. Finally the nusic builds and the camera pulls b to reveal Max, now | ooking exactly like Goofy, standing the remains of his torn clothing. Max grabs his throat, b is unable to stifle a harsh, terrible Goofy-laugh as the music peaks.
1) 0) text: The music ends abruptly as Max wakes up, screaning, and s up straight in bed. He gasps repeatedly, but slowy cal ns down. He feels his teeth wth his fingers, then sighs in relief. Just as he starts to relax, the phone rings loudl startling him He grabs the phone and funbles it, dropping the receiver to the floor. He dives after it, and answers at floor level.
1) 1) dialog: Hel | 0? (clearing throat and repeati ng) Hello
1) 3) dialog: 
1) 6) dialog: What ? Hold on... (whacks clock, which reveals actual time) Qh no! Nex leaps frombed, leaving the receiver on the ni ght st He grabs his pants fromthe back of a chair and attenpts t put themon quickly.
1) 7) text: (from receiver on ni ght st and) Look, maybe we should just call the whole thing off... Max struggles wth his pants, and grabs the receiver.
1) 11) dialog: ( embarrassed) Dad! Max reaches dow, and pulls his pants up in a huff.
1) 14) dialog: Qh...there they are, help yourself.
1) 16) dialog: Look, I'msorry, Dad. I'll take care of it later.
1) 18) dialog: I'mrunning late.
1) 20) dialog: That's okay Dad, |...1 need the exer ci se. Max pulls his shirt over his head, and continues grabbing his things. Goofy begins vacuuning the floor of Max's roo sucking up clothes and everything else in his path. Max i about to leave when Goofy accidentally sucks up the head Max's life-size cardboard Powerline cutout. Max screams, grabs the figure by its feet, and attenpts to pull it out Finally, after westling wth it for a monent, Max stonps the power swtch wth his foot and the vacuum shuts off - releasing the figure. He stands it up and sees that its h is bent and its nose is twsted into a curl. (sadl y) Dad! You ruined it...
1) 22) dialog: (sarcastically) It's only Powerline, Dad...the bi ggest rock star on the planet.
1) 25) dialog: Dad!...Come on, there's no tine for thi st... What if the neighbors see us?
1) 26) text: Max escapes and heads out the door, leaving Goofy to his finish. Qnce outside, Goofy, clad in his towels, catches and hands hima brown paper bag.
1) 28) dialog: They' ve been | aughing since | can remenber, but they're not gonna | augh anynore. No nore "Maxie the Geek" no more "Goof of the week" like before. Max gets to the gate at the end of his yard and pushes it but it won't open. After another unsuccessful attenpt, he backs up to get a running start and junps over the gate. Once on the si dew he slips on marbles which sone children were playing wth. GRL: No nore algebra tests till September. Nex, slipping on the marbles, bunps into the girl and her boyf ri end. BOYFRI END: No nore I ookin' at losers like him Her boyfriend grabs Max and tosses hi m asi de.
2) 0) text: Several other students on their way to school fling j ock at each other and passersby, one of themhits Max in the face.
2) 6) dialog: Gonna talk to Roxanne and not feel like a fool, ‘cause... Chad's girlfriend punches Max in the arm A group of stude on skateboards follow themup the street as they walk away
2) 15) text: say. But things WII be going ny way, after today... Nex, in front of the nusic store, stops and waves at Roxa passing by. She doesn't see himand continues on. Max | oo turns away sadly, and | ooks into the music store and see Stacey and another girl looking starstruck at the Powerli i spl ay.
2) 16) dialog: She | ooked right through ne, and who could blane her. | need a new ne, plus some positive proof that I'm not just a goof, and... A school bus passes by, wth filled wth students incl udi Bobby and sone cheer! eaders.
2) 20) dialog: I've got less than an hour, and when this is ended, I'll either be famous...
3) 0) text: Max runs into the stadiumand onto the track, flips over a hurdle and continues past a group of heavy girls doing exercises and | ooking exhaust ed.
3) 3) dialog: | wsh that this was the day... after today. Just after finishing the line, Max starts down the bleach and trips. He falls, flailing and screaning, to the botto of the bleachers and lands on his face. A group of studen including Chad and his girlfriend gather around him | aug as he reaches to pick up his books. The crowd disperses, Roxanne approaches to help himpick up his books. When Max sees who she is, he stands up, f|! abbergasted.
3) 5) dialog: Yeah... yeah, I|'mokay, | just - Max babbl es incoherently and Roxanne gives himan under standing snile. Then both start to giggle.
3) 7) text: Now inside the school, Max berates himself while wal king down the hall.
3) 8) dialog: | can't believe | did that! Arrgh! She finally says "hi" to me, and what do | do? | joke! "Hyuk"... She probably thinks I'ma big spazz. Max approaches PJ, who is digging through his | ocker.
3) 10) dialog: Hi Peej...did you get the canera? PJ, looking very nervous, pulls a cancorder out of his |
3) 12) dialog: Roxanne doesn't even notice ne... but after today... A bright light suddenly envelops them Squinting, they | o toward the source and see a cart full of audio/video equi prent. A 1950s style guitar riff plays. Bobby, stand beside it, is drinking froma fountain through a straw
3) 13) dialog: Bobby! Max and PJ approach the cart and join Bobby in the room
3) 14) dialog: Wow This is all for us?
3) 16) dialog: Qh, this is gonna be great, man! Mex starts to pull the cart out of the room but Bobby sto him 10.
3) 18) dialog: Qh, your fee... yeah, yeah...ri ght here. Max hands Bobby a brown paper bag, which Bobby opens anxi ousl y.
4) 8) dialog: Are you...uh...how are you doin’ dow there, Bobby? Bobby, wearing a welder's helmet, is using an acetylene t to connect piles of cables and equipment. A video nonitor beside himis flashing a variety of images. He lifts the hel met and shoots Max and PJ a half sarcastic, half joki gl ance.
4) 11) dialog: | hope this works... Qn stage, Mazur continues his speech. The spotlight sudde goes out, leaving himsurprised and in the dark.
4) 14) dialog: (li p- synching Powerline) Sone people settle for the typical things, living all their lives waiting in the wngs. It ain't a question of 13.
4) 15) dialog: if, just a matter of time, before | move to the front of the line. Once you're watching every nove that | make, you're gonna believe that | got what it takes to stand out, above the crowd even if | gotta shout out loud. 'Til mine is the only face you'll see, gonna stand out till you notice me. The scene changes to reveal the audience's positive react incl uding Roxanne's. The canera angle rotates around PJ through his legs, as he continues to film Max. Max gets c in the cables Iying on the floor and trips. He falls, screaning, and rips through the screen, rolling out onto stage and leaving the monitor displaying static. He stand up and is notionless for a monent, as he looks at the cro in the auditorium The image of the crow is reflected off of his visor as he | ooks nervously around the room He | at PJ and Bobby, who are standing offstage; they | augh a give himthe "thunbs- up". Max looks back toward the crowd and the reflection on his visor pans fromthe image of Bob and PJ to Roxanne - who is shyly sniling at the unknow performer. Reassured, Max heads straight for her. Bobby, offstage, decides to provide sone visual flair by spraying a foggy mist onto the stage.
4) 17) dialog: (li p-synchi ng Power! i ne)
4) 20) dialog: (li p-synchi ng Power! i ne) 14.
4) 23) dialog: (li p- synching Powerline) All I need is every chance, a second thought, a second glance to prove | got whatever it takes... ( spoken) It's a piece of cake. Bobby and PJ lift Max off the stage and he flies around t audi tori um during the follow ng chorus, nuch to everyon exci tenent.
4) 25) dialog: (li p-synchi ng Powerline) To stand out, above the crowd) even if | gotta shout out loud. ‘Til nine is the only face you'll see gonna stand out... Nex flies toward Roxanne, who is waiting wth an outstretc hand. They almost touch, but the cable he's on stops shor pulling him backwards into spin as the nusic sl ows dow a stops. He swngs toward a disgruntled Principal Mazur, who stops himand takes off his visor.
6) 0) text: Wth a loud crash reniniscent of a jail door slanning, the scene shifts to an overhead view of Max and Bobby waiting the Principal's office. Mss Maples, the secretary, sits across the roomfromthem typing and humming the Hungarian death march. Max is | ooking terrified, and Bobby is sl o across the chairs - facing the wall.
6) 1) dialog: I'ma failure, a conplete loser... ny one chance to impress Roxanne and | blewit... After a few monents, Bobby nunbles and turns to Max, hol a small sculpture made of squeeze cheese.
6) 13) dialog: Gosh, I'msorry...
6) 16) dialog: Yeah. ... yeah?! Uh, yeah, it's from Powerline's new vi deo. Both stand up si nul taneous! y.
6) 18) dialog: Yeah, he's doing a concert next week in LA
6) 20) dialog: Yeah...
6) 22) dialog: Uh, Roxanne...1! was, uh, sorta kinda thinking that maybe I'd, um ask you to go Wth ne, that is, to the...party...of course, if you don't want to, I'd conpletel y under st and!
6) 24) dialog: Yeah? 20.
6) 26) dialog: Good!
6) 28) dialog: Terrific!
6) 30) dialog: All right...
6) 34) dialog: ( confi dent! y) I"11, uh, call you later.
6) 37) dialog: (gl eef ul I y) Yes!! She said YES!!! Hoo hoo hoo! Everybody manbo! Max begins dancing around the room out of sheer joy, wth manbo nusic playing in the background. 21. After several noments, he grabs Mss Maples and involves h in his dance...while she is still sitting in her chair. Shortly, Mazur and Bobby appear at the office door. Bobby smiles and encourages Max.
8) 0) text: Everything is absolutely still in a wde shot of the schoo front doors. Suddenly, the school bell rings and the door expl ode open and crowds of students pile out at high spe Anong themis Bobby and a nunber of recurring characters; the focus is on Max as he walks away fromthe school. A nu of people approach him including some who had ridiculed h earlier.
8) 2) dialog: (i ncredul ous) What ?
8) 6) dialog: Oof! Peej ! Max dunps himon to the ground. PJ begins a chant for him
8) 12) dialog: (li p- synchi ng) 25.
8) 13) dialog: ( spoken) It's a piece of cake...
9) 1) dialog: Goi ng somewhere, Pop?
9) 3) dialog: Cool! WII, have a good time, Dad. If you're gonna be gone nore than a nonth, drop ne a line.
9) 5) dialog: Qh, Donald Duck?
9) 8) dialog: Wha- what did you say?
9) 10) dialog: | think I’ mgonna be sick.
9) 12) dialog: No!...Dad!...Stop!...What are you- Goofy grabs Max. After a flurry of hands, flying cl othes and protests from Max, Goofy steps back to reveal Max dre in an fishing hat, hip waders and an inflatable vest. Aft a beat, Goofy's hand appears and pulls the string on the vest. As the canera pulls back quickly, the vest inflates rapidly - puffing up to full size - leaving Max | ooking a large balloon. Goofy looks at him pleased wth the gifts
9) 14) dialog: ( exasper at ed) Please don't say that, Dad.
9) 17) dialog: A stick?
9) 19) dialog: Fi shing? We're going FI SHI NG! ?
9) 21) dialog: | don't wanna be "away fromit all", Dad...1 LIKE ..."it all".
9) 23) dialog: Agh! But that trip would take WEEKS, Dad!
9) 25) dialog: Put the map away, Dad...it's not gonna happen...
9) 27) dialog: That's very... "nystical" and everything, Dad...but, uh, 28.
9) 28) dialog: seriously.... there's this party | have to go to and, it's really inportant -
9) 30) dialog: (sarcastically) Geat, Dad... Goof y opens the car door in hopes of persuading Max to g in.
9) 32) dialog: No. Goofy is uncertain howto proceed. He thinks a nonent, and his face brightens wth an idea. He then frowns sadly and proceeds to try to make Mx feel guilty.
9) 36) dialog: No, Dad... 29.
9) 38) dialog: No.
9) 42) dialog: ( exasper at ed) Why are you DONG this to me, Dad! ?
9) 44) dialog: Electric chair? What are you-
9) 46) dialog: Wrk this out! ? But Dad!
9) 48) dialog: But... Max is speechless. As Goofy starts the car to leave, he resigns himself to the situation. He looks gloonily at th fishing pole. 30.
10) 2) dialog: Good- bye hopes, good-bye dreans, good- bye Roxanne. . . Roxanne! (agi t at ed) Dad, I've got to stop sonewere first, | have to talk to someone...
11) 2) dialog: You get to cancel your first date in less than an hour...nmust be sone kind of lame-o record. Max arrives at the front door and rings the bell. After a short pause, a large, hulking man appears in the door in undershirt and boxer shorts. He grunts. Frightened, Max t a step backwards.
11) 3) dialog: (ner vousl y) Hhi!...ls Roxanne home? M nane is Nex... The large man grunts angrily at Max. 31.
11) 4) dialog: Does Roxanne live here?...Does she even live on this bl ock?... Max starts to leave when Roxanne appears in the door besi the man.
11) 6) dialog: (i ncoher ent ) He- uh... huh...
11) 10) dialog: Yeah, that's, uh, sorta why | cane by...
11) 12) dialog: ( dej ect edl y) Yeah...1...was...too... 32.
11) 14) dialog: You see, ny Dad's on this stupid "father-son" kick... (sadl y) Qh... don't worry about it Max, it's just a dunb party...
11) 17) dialog: But ny Dad surprised me...! don't even want to go, but | have no choice.
11) 21) dialog: Um..uh... Roxanne... my Dad i .uh...my Dad is taking me to the Powerline concert in LA!...ugh... (incr edul ous) Your Dad's taking you clear across the country just to see a concert?
11) 22) dialog: (realizing what he's sai d) Um..you see, uh...my Dad knew, uh - KNOWS - knows Powerline! They used to play together...l-in a band! Yeah! 33. Goofy beeps the car horn and yells to Max.
11) 24) dialog: (del i ber atel y) Just a ninute...you party... animal... you. Goofy grins sheepi shl y.
11) 26) dialog: Absol utel y...so, uh... you aren't still thinking of going wth soneone else, are you?
11) 28) dialog: (interrupting) Because | was hoping | could, uh, wave to you onstage, when ve join Powerline for the final number. This is incredible!
11) 29) dialog: WII, | wouldn't miss our date for anything that wasn't incredible, Roxanne. Roxanne kisses Max on the cheek. He stunbles backward, th starts to walk toward the car.
11) 31) dialog: (to hi msel f) I" min deep sl udge. Max gets in the car and hangs his head out the wndow Goof starts the car and drives away. EXT. Hi GHVWAY The heavy nusic of the previous scene segues to a cheerfu bouncy tune and we see Goofy's car zipping along a hi ghw anong other cars. Then the view changes to that of a canc viewinder jerkily panning around the interior of the car and toward Max as Goofy begins his vacation vi deo.
11) 34) dialog: (irritated) Not now, Dad.
11) 37) dialog: ( unent husi asti cal I y) Man... 35.
11) 39) dialog: Ri ght...
11) 45) dialog: (angrily) Qh great, Dad...now we don't have ANY nusi c!
11) 50) dialog: And the old man drives like such a klutz, that I|'mabout to hurl ny guts directly upon the open road. 37.
11) 52) dialog: Roxanne please don't forget ne; | wil return someday, though | may be in traction when | do.
11) 54) dialog: This is worse than dragon breath and acne.
11) 58) dialog: Y' know, that's funny - so could |.
11) 71) dialog: Could someone call a taxi and get ne out of here...to Beverly Hills 90210? A variety of vehicles surround them Sone include a fire truck covered wth firemen, a convertible driven by a brid while the groom parachutes in, a zoo transport wagon, a f truck, a balloon truck, a gangster car wth a person tied in the trunk, a hearse wth a singing corpse coning out of the coffin in the back.
11) 74) dialog: And I'd go Wth themif | could. The other cars are joined by a notorcycle, a tractor trai and others. Many of the riders are now dancing on the roo of their vehicles, including the corpse, the nuns, the firemen, and several wngwalkers on a biplane that flies b
11) 77) dialog: AAHH!!...Dad! You're gonna get us KILLED!! (gasp) (pant)... Why don't you just give me the map? 40.
12) 0) text: Twangy country nusic plays as Goofy pulls into the parkin lot of Lester's Possum Park, a run-down tourist trap. The entrance is shaped like a huge possum head wWth an open n and big teeth. A nother is dragging a terrified little gi into it. Max is nortified at the sight of it.
12) 3) dialog: Yeah, fun...tell you what, I' mj ust gonna wait right here in the car.
13) 9) dialog: This is pathetic!
14) 0) text: As soon as the show ends, the whole crowd expl odes out o the theater. Trailing themis Goofy, funbling wth his cancorder. He gets it working and points it at the door, ready to film Max. He turns around and sees the souvenir st and. He decides to get something for him Max approache sl ow y.
14) 2) dialog: (si gh) W life's a living-
14) 4) dialog: (angrily) Don't TOUCH ne. 43.
14) 8) dialog: Beat it, doofus! Max watches contentedly, sniling to hinself, as the kids drag Lester off. He turns around to see Goofy coning towa himwth a hat shaped like a road-killed possum Max protest but Goofy puts the hat on himanyway. After this, Goofy sp the photograph stand - which is offering guests pictures posing beside live possums. The little girl seen earlier having hers taken, and crying | oudl y.
14) 9) dialog: Oh no, no Dad, not that! Please!
14) 11) dialog: You have GOT to be ki ddi ng...
14) 13) dialog: Ugh. 44.
14) 14) dialog: (si gh) . Huh? Goof y is hanging upsi de- down wth the possums to have h picture taken, nuch to the anusenent of the crow. Much to Max's chagrin, Goofy yells to him
14) 19) dialog: Aabh!... Unh!...Get out!...oof!... Get it out!
14) 21) dialog: Dad!...No!...Dad!...DAD!... This is enbar rassi ng! 45. The nusic ends, and Goofy props Max up on his knee as a finale. The crowd applauds Ioudly, still laughing. Max gl furiously at all of them
14) 24) dialog: Aar gh!
14) 26) dialog: (angrily) Trying to get away from you!
14) 28) dialog: Forget it. Max walks back toward the car, and Goofy follows him
14) 30) dialog: (angrily) Nothing. Let's just go!...Come on! Goofy walks up and unlocks the car door for Max, then hea around to the driver's side. Max gets in and shuts the do Goofy joins himafter a monent. Sadly, he hands Max the po hat.
14) 32) dialog: (f uri ous! y) Aahh! This is the STUPI DEST vacation!... You DRAG ne from hone, you jamne in this DUMB car, then drive a MLLION niles away, to see sone stupid RAT show... Call me when the trip's over. Nex rolls down the wndow and throws out the possum hat th Goof y had bought him Goofy hangs his head, crushed. He s the car and backs out accidentally running over the hat. looks back briefly, then pulls out into the storny night. they drive away, the camera pans dow to show a close up o the battered hat, acconpanied by mournful nusic. EXT. Pl NE FOREST The scene opens wth an overhead view of Goofy pitching a tent in a makeshift canpsite. The canera pans left to sho Max sitting on a rock at the edge of a creek, absent- ni stirring the water wth a stick and watching sone fish. He swrls the water and, in his imagination, Roxanne's face appears in the ripples. He sniles halfheartedl y. Suddenl Goof y approaches in the water and his feet destroy the illusion. Max looks up at him
14) 34) dialog: Maybe later... 47. Goofy turns away, depressed, and leaves the creekside. Ma throws his stick into the water.
15) 0) text: Goofy is putting sone materials in the tent, and his head inside when the ground begins to runble and shake. Sudden the dark shadow of a large machine passes over him The vehicle straddles Goofy and the tent. Several large, cl a feet jaminto the ground viciously around the tent. A larg spinning bl ade on a long armfells rows of trees. A satel dish pops out of the machine's roof, scanning the sky. A large platformflips dom fromits side, revealing a patio table and chair set. A spa and niniature basketball! cour pop out. A swnming pool, conplete wth water, and a bowing lane wth balls also emerge before the noise ceases. A wde shot reveals that the contraption is a huge RV. Max cones out not the woods to see what is going on and is awed by si ght.
15) 1) dialog: Whoa! Now THAT's canpi ng! Goofy pulls his head out of the tent - still not noticing the RV that is now situated over him
16) 0) text: “Stand Qut" is playing | oudly inside the RV while PJ is cleaning. He is singing and dancing around the roomas he buffs the floor and dusts. 48. Max pokes his head in the RV door, and after a bit of sur initially, he sniles at PJ's silly routine.
16) 1) dialog: (to hi msel f) What a goob. Max enters the RV and approaches the mammoth stereo, stra against the volume of the sound. He shuts the music off, PJ doesn't notice...and continues his song for a bit befo he notices Max.
16) 3) dialog: He- he- hey! PJ and Max performa long and invol ved handshake while sa hel lo.
16) 5) dialog: (j oki ng) Apparently not!
16) 7) dialog: Yeah, you can keep "the noves"... but | wouldn't nind having this Rv!... Whoa!
16) 9) dialog: (sur pri sed) W what ?
16) 12) dialog: Who told you about that? PJ punches Max lightly on the arm
16) 14) dialog: There's, uh, only one person who doesn't know about it yet, Peej...
17) 9) dialog: Cool !
17) 11) dialog: (angrily) Aw, Dad! W can do it tonvrrow..so, uh, what are we havin' ?
17) 15) dialog: (surprised and annoyed) What ?
17) 18) dialog: (to hi msel f) Ar gh! Goof y | ooks triumphantly at Pete, and they wnk and exch thunbs- ups. Goofy strides off.
18) 0) text: The water of a quiet streamis disturbed when Goofy pushes an unwlling Max out into the stream- both of themin wader
18) 1) dialog: Dad, | don't even know how to fish!
18) 3) dialog: (sarcastically) The Perfect what?
18) 13) dialog: (scr eani ng) Uh. . . da- da- Dad! ? 1 T'S BI GFOOOOOT!
18) 17) dialog: Dad! Quick! He's coni ng! 54. The car is locked, so they both get into the car through sunroof. Goofy frantically tries to close it behind them and succeeds just before Bigfoot reaches them Frustrated, Bi gf oot jumps onto the car's roof and rocks it back and a fewtimes. He sees their canping equi pment and decides investigate, leaving themalone. Max and Goofy watch from the car, laying low
18) 18) dialog: | can't believe it! Bigfoot!
18) 21) dialog: ( di sgust ed) Let's just get outta here. Goof y checks his pockets for the car keys. Coning up enp handed, they | ook at Bigfoot - who is holding the keys, sniling. He tosses them away into the forest. Goofy gets di scouraged and Max gets angrier still. Bigfoot continue dig through their baggage, wearing a pair of Max's underw on his head. Some tine later, Max and Goofy are still in the car - waiting.
18) 22) dialog: Is he gone yet? Suddenl y, two sock- wearing hands appear in front of the windshield. Bigfoot perforns a primtive puppet show, then laughs riotously at the performance.
18) 26) dialog: Man, I'm starving! A can of soup lands on their hood and | ands on end right front of them
18) 28) dialog: Dad!...DAD!...stop playing around, he's coni ng! Just before he reaches them Goofy manages to roll the wnd up, and Bigfoot bounces off the car - landing on his back As he sits up, a headphone radio that had been sent fl yi lands on his head. Disco nusic begins playing, and Bi gf reacts wth fear. After a few nonents, he begins to enj oy the music, | aughing and noving wth the beat.
19) 4) dialog: (curi ous) h?
19) 7) dialog: (j oki ngl y) " Anbi dext rous"?
19) 11) dialog: -or "I pledge allegiance”...
19) 13) dialog: Uhhh. ..is it *s-soup* yet?
19) 15) dialog: Whoa! Where'd you learn to do that? Max picks up a Styrofoamcup and Goofy fills it wth soup. 57.
19) 17) dialog: You two did a lot together, huh?
19) 21) dialog: Not bad...! mean, uh... (ahen) Goof y sees the soup and sniles.
19) 22) dialog: What ?
19) 26) dialog: (voice over of writing) Dear Roxanne...couldn't sleep - His thought is interrupted by a particularly loud snore b Goof y and Bi gf oot together.
19) 27) dialog: (voice over of writing) So | thought I'd drop you a line. Dad and | are having a great time! W're only days away fromLA, and | can hardly wait for the...big... concert...ugh... He begins to rethink his letter, when Goofy yawns and tal in his sleep.
19) 29) dialog: (voice over of writing) (si gh) Dear Roxanne, sorry | lied...1I' mnot really going to the Powerline concert. You may never want to see ne again... Realizing what he's saying, Max stops.
19) 30) dialog: Qh, man! I'mdead no natter what | do! Frustrated, he sits back in the seat and kicks the dashbo The gl ove conpartrment pops open and Goofy's map springs into Max's lap. 59. He looks at Goofy to be sure he's still asleep, then begi tracing the path on the nap wth his finger. He notices th their course meets a junction that leads to Los Angeles. pencil rolls out onto the map, stopping in front of him M picks up the pencil and debates what to do. He nervously begins erasing the part of the line that leads to Lake Destiny, I daho...watching Goofy to see if he's waking up begins draw ng a new course on the nap when the pencil br The soft sound seens deafening to Max in the silence. Goo begins to stir. Frantic, Max grabs the broken point and continues to draw Goofy begins to wake up as Max quickly conpletes the line and returns the map to the glove conpartrent. He sits back in his seat innocently as Goofy rouses and looks at Max sleepily.
19) 32) dialog: (ner vousl y) Uhh...three and a half? Having not actually been awake, Goofy flops back into the seat and begins snoring again. Max sinks into his seat, relieved. He looks at the postcard he had witten and tear it up. Holding the pieces out the wndow, he lets the wnd carry themaway. Froma distance, we see the pieces fl ying one lands in a tree near the canera - it clearly reads "I lied".
21) 3) dialog: Qh! Oh yeah, yeah, right here...sorry... Wl TRESS Here you go, cutie... The waitress sits his food in front of himand he | ooks d at it. The eggs and bacon are forning a sniley face. Goof begins eating his pancakes when he notices Max absently picking at his food. He thinks for a nmonent then | ooks the map - and decides what to do.
21) 5) dialog: Huh?
21) 8) dialog: (incr edul ous) Seri ous! y?
21) 11) dialog: To the... open...road... A piano slide leads into a jazz/pop tune that provides th background nusic for a nusic montage. They clink their cu together, then the car is seen leaving the diner. NUSI C MONTAGE (descriptions of segments) An overhead view of the creased map shows Goofy's car dri around on it surrealistically, wth clouds overhead castin shadows on the map as they head toward their destination. Goofy attenpts to ride a jet ski, plunging into the water and shooting out again. He loses control and runs it agro Proceeding up the beach, he slides past people sunbathing and through a row of cabanas. He emerges on the other sid dressed in a variety of wonen's clothing. A close up of the car's front wheel follows, and the whee bl ows out. Max and Goofy attenpt to change the tire ina series of segnents that are intersper- sed through the montage. Here, they both reach for the spare tire si mlt- aneously, and hit their heads together. Recoiling, Max ru his head, and Goofy gets the tire. Nex and Goofy ride a roller coaster side by side. Max enj himself immensely, but Goofy gets sick. Energing fromthe restroom(labeled wth a symbol that | ooks like hin), hol his stomach gingerly, Goofy is greeted by Max, who cheerf offers hima tray of junk foods - hot dogs, french fries, nachos and soft drinks. Upon seeing the food, Goofy grabs his mouth and races back into the restroomto throw up aga 62. A monster truck crushes the roofs of a rowof small cars while Max and Goofy | ook on at a monster truck rally. Ma swinging a giant foam"nunber one" finger, notices that Go is holding his head in an attenpt to block out the noise. Another "driving across the USA" map sequence shows them getting closer to their destination. Nex uncovers Goofy's eyes, in order to surprise himwth their current stop. Goofy opens his eyes to see the Wrld' Largest House of Yarn. Excited, he yells "Oh Boy!", grabs Max by the arm and drags himalong to see the house. Nex and Goofy are watching a nine on a street corner. The mime is perforning the standard "pulling on a rope" routi appearing to pull on an overhead rope. Goofy nudges Max a winks at him He approaches the nine, pretending he's followng an imaginary wall. He makes a scissors notion wt his fingers, and the nine gestures as if he's holding his rope out to be cut. Goofy sniles and makes a cutting noti where the rope would be and the nine sniles back for a no bef ore a piano falls and lands on him Goofy and Max turn around and begin whistling innocently as they slip away. Another map sequence establishes themas being closer stil to Lake Destiny. Returning to the tire changing sequence, Goofy is in the backgr ound punping air into the newtire while Max strugg trying to remove the blow tire. He slips, and the tire wench flies through the air like a boonerang. Goofy ducks, and it just misses his head. Returning, the wench hits the jack supporting the car. Th car falls, propelling the old tire off at high speed. It hits Goofy in the chest just as he's lifting the newti He sends the newtire flying, and it lands on the car's ax just as the car is on it's way dow froma bounce. Max and Goof y exchange pl eased gl ances. Goofy is holding a canera at arms length, in an attenpt t take a picture of himself and Max standing in a cave. He oblivious to the many eyes behind him watching. He takes the picture, and the flash disturbs the bats. They fly to them Goofy and Max run out the opening to the cave; the sign above it reads "Carl's Butt Caverns." A batter at a baseball game the Goofy and Max are attendi hits the ball. It heads for them and Max readies hi nsel and his glove in hopes of catching it. He stands up to ca the ball, but funbles it. Goofy makes a dive to catch it he ends up going over the edge of the bal cony. 63. He falls, but manages to catch himself on a string of streamers. As the streaners stretch, he falls right throu the dugout roof, where he is suspended nonentarily. He ha the ball to the player sitting there on the bench, and he signs it. The streamers spring back, flinging Goofy back his seat - Max catches himand they exchange pl eased gl a A close up of the car's wheel shows the new tire is al mo conpl etely in place. Max and Goofy are alternately turni the wench. When they finish, they slap hands in a high fi The music comes to a close when the car is seen driving o into the sunset, but instead it turns into the parking | of the Neptune I nn.
22) 0) text: After a brief establishing shot of Goofy and Max carrying their luggage through the door, they energe in their room It is lit in an eerie green light that befits the nautica thene. The waterbeds are transparent wth fish swmming inside, and the rest of the decor is sinilar.
22) 2) dialog: Who- ho- hoa! Check out the bed!
22) 4) dialog: Nice Il anp!
22) 9) dialog: Ne!? You j unped out of your skin! Goof y and Max begin shoving and punching each other play
22) 11) dialog: Qh, right, sure...
22) 13) dialog: Did not! Goofy grabs Max and begins nussing up his hair, both | au
23) 0) text: The scene switches to an exterior shot of the inn to indi the passage of time. The we see the interior of the room again. Max and PJ are sitting on the bed and the floor, respectively, talking. Goofy enters in a swrsuit and carr a pizza for themto eat.
23) 4) dialog: Alri ght. Goofy leaves the roomas Max and PJ start eating.
23) 6) dialog: It wasn't stupid! 66. While they are talking, Pete begins to enter the roomto talk to them He hears what they're talking about and deci to stay outside and eavesdrop on their conversation.
23) 8) dialog: 1-1 didn't know what | was doing, alright? I-I-1 was...1 was PANICKED! I...
26) 0) text: After a brief shot of the exterior of the Neptune Inn, we see Max and PJ still watching TV when Goofy walks in | oo shell-shocked. Max turns around and greets himcheerfully and unknow ngl y.
26) 1) dialog: Hi Dad! The only sound to be heard is the voice of Powerline on T
26) 3) dialog: Sorry about the mess...1-I'I1l clean it up... Nex looks at PJ and shrugs, confused. Goofy is still sile as he turns the lights off and lays down in bed. 69.
27) 0) text: Goof y and Max are driving dow the road in silence. Goofy still has the same shocked expression on his face. Goofy deci des to give Max a chance to make the right choice, a hopes to avoid a confrontation. They exchange unconf ort ooks.
27) 2) dialog: Qkay, uh, unm..uh... Max looks nervously at the map, then up at the signs indicating the upconing junction, which are zi pping over
27) 5) dialog: Unm .. ubh. . .
27) 7) dialog: Aaaaaahhhhh!.... LEFT! ! Goofy I|urches the car to the left, and hits the center d in the process.
27) 8) dialog: 
27) 10) dialog: (si gh) . Uh, how’ bout a song, Dad? Goofy sinks | ower and lower - getting angrier and angrie as Max continues to try to pretend nothing's happening.
27) 11) dialog: Uh, a gane? A gane! Yeah! Yeah, a gane! Okay, uh...man or woman? Man? Man... okay, uh... Walt Disney! Finally, Goofy snaps. He veers off the road into a scenic lookout point and stops the car. He opens the door and struggles to get out while wearing a seat belt. He releas it and storms away, and begins | ooking out over the edge Max deci des to try to make amends and approaches Goofy.
27) 12) dialog: (si gh) Dad, uh, listen...about ny di rections... Goofy turns away twice, refusing to acknow edge him
27) 13) dialog: Can you listen to me? | gotta tell you something, Dad!
27) 15) dialog: ( di sgust ed) Forget it! Max walks back to the car, kicks the tire angrily, then l against the rear bunper. After a monent, the car rolls ou from behind himand he falls to the ground wth a thud. He looks back to see what happened and realizes that the car rolling away.
27) 16) dialog: (sur pri sed) Oof!...Hh-hey! The car!
27) 18) dialog: No, Dad! The car! Look! 71.
27) 21) dialog: | didn't do anything, Dad! | only touched it! The car passes under a | ow hanging rock formation, and a their luggage is knocked off of the roof. A skateboard fl off and lands on the road in front of Goofy - who inadvertently steps on it. Max junps on the back of the b and rides wth him They zip back and forth, trying to get around the side of the car.
27) 25) dialog: You shoul d' ve put the brake on!
27) 27) dialog: See? You ruin everything... The car slides out on the guide rail and hangs over the canyon. 72.
27) 29) dialog: | ruined it!? The guide rail lets loose and the car gets | aunched into air. It bounces off of several rock formations while Max continues to argue wth Goofy, bouncing them both around t car's interior.
27) 30) dialog: | never...wanted to go...on this st upi d. . . vacat i oo0d00000000n! The car bounces off the last rock formation, then plunnet long way before landing in the river below
28) 1) dialog: ( gasp) Now | ook where you got us, Dad!
28) 3) dialog: You should've let ne stay at hone! Max hel ps pull Goofy onto the roof.
28) 5) dialog: Prison? What are you talking about ? The car bounces and spins wildly through a series of rapi
28) 7) dialog: | had to! You were ruining ny life!
28) 12) dialog: There are times you drive ne, shall we say, bananas...and your mind is nissing, no offense, a screw
28) 14) dialog: Still whatever mess | land in, who is always under st andi n' ? Nobody el se but you...
28) 16) dialog: Gesunhei t!
28) 18) dialog: Who deserves a hero's trophy, as ve face each catastrophe? Nobody else but you... The car exits the cavern into a slow, Wde part of the riv
28) 21) dialog: So your j okes are all, let's face it, prehistoric.
28) 24) dialog: If you're having trouble guessi ng, here's a clue... Though he seens intoxicated, he's just highly ani mated... and he's nobody else but... The car drifts into a whirlpool, and they get drawn under they sing.
29) 1) dialog: Anyway, | figure she's never gonna want to talk to ne again...nuch less go out Wth ne... (si gh) ...What a dunb lie, huh?
29) 4) dialog: Heh...uh, how are we gonna do that?
29) 8) dialog: Uh, uh, D- D-Dad...
29) 10) dialog: Look! !
30) 0) text: The car spins and sloshes, and Goofy falls off. Max conti to hold on.
30) 2) dialog: Daaaaaaad!
30) 5) dialog: Aah!...whoa!... (gasp) ...aaahhh! ! Goofy casts the line and snags the front bumper on the ca The wei ght of the car pulls Goofy in. He flies dowstream and hits some rocks which he uses for leverage. Finally t wei ght of the car overpowers himand it goes over the fal Max gets caught in a tarp and falls wth it. Suddenly the tarp unfolds and begins supporting Max in the air using t updraft fromthe falls.
30) 6) dialog: (terrified) Dad! Goofy, still in the water, is unable to stop himself. As goes over the falls, he extends the pole toward Max. Max grabs the pole, and they both swng downward - still suppo by the updraft on the tarp. They smile at each other nonentarily. Suddenly, the cork handgrip on the fishing p slides off and Goofy plummets into the nist bel ow 77.
30) 10) text: The line is still loose and continuing to drop. Max's fac falls when he realizes it hasn't caught. Suddenly the lin becones taut and Max gets pulled dowwerd wth the added weight. He begins to reel it in furiously. Goofy emerges fromthe nist suspended by the hook.
30) 11) dialog: Aah!... aaahh! (grunt ) Haha! !
30) 13) dialog: Boy, this has been one crazy vacation... He tosses the map away, and it is carried off into the wn
32) 0) text: The backstage crewis unl oading equi pnent into the stadi Max and Goofy have hidden in sone of the instrument cases and they are carried into the loading area. When the door closes, they energe.
32) 1) dialog: o whi sper i ng) Goofy grabs Max by the armand pulls himalong. Max frees himself and stops, worried.
32) 3) dialog: Uhh... maybe this isn't such a good i dea. POMERLI NE ( V. ©.) Yeah, yeah! Two attractive dancers walk in front of Max, and he has a change of heart. He watches them walk by, and loses sight Goof y.
32) 4) dialog: Uh, then again... Dad?... Dad? Onstage, the lights dimas a giant sphere is lifted up. Electricity arcs all around the sphere and it expl odes, leaving only Powerline in its place. He stands up and beg the song.
32) 6) dialog: Dad?
33) 0) text: The guard in pursuit of Max makes a lunge and nisses. Max grabs onto a lighting scaffold that is being lifted into position. Goofy, trapped inside another of the pyrotechni spheres, is being lifted onto the stage. The sphere arcs expl odes like Powerline's, and Goofy is sent flying onto 80. stage. He lands onstage beside Powerline wth the tip of h hair still flaming. Powerline gives hima curious | ook.
33) 2) dialog: Hey Dad! Dad! Do the Perfect Cast! Goof y hears himand begins perforning the notions of The Perfect Cast, much to the anmazenent of Powerline and the audience. Powerline continues the song and Goofy dances w him
33) 5) dialog: Whoa! Whoaaaaahhhh! The guard flies into one of the large nonitors, smashing in a wld shower of sparks and light. Max swngs back, and ends up sliding onto the stage. He cones to rest directly bet ween Goofy and Powerline. They both | ook surprised nonentarily, then Max begins to dance and they join him
34) 0) text: Everyone at Stacey's party watches excitedly as Max dance onscreen. Roxanne sniles gleefully. 81.
35) 0) text: PJ is scrubbing the floor of the RV near the television w he sees Max. Pete walks by drinking a beer and hears PJ yell. He looks at the screen and spits his drink all over out of shock. PJ keeps watching Max through the fizz runn down the screen while Pete coughs and chokes.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah, | know... but she'll probably never talk to ne again.
37) 4) dialog: That's what I|'mafraid of... 82.
38) 0) text: Max rings the doorbell and is met by Roxanne's father wea a bath tovel.
38) 4) dialog: (sadl y) Yeah?...1 mean no, no...! mean |... Roxanne, | lied to you. | don't even KNOW Power! i ne.
38) 8) dialog: | don't know..! guess | just... wanted you to like ne.
38) 11) dialog: Definitely! Oh! Oh, no, | can't, | can't... Roxanne shoots hima di sdainful | ook. doubt i Saoueti nd Wha
38) 12) dialog: WII, I'mkinda doin’ sonething wth ny Dad. Honest! How about t onorr ow?
38) 14) dialog: ( smooch) Hohn . .
38) 16) dialog: Ae h- h- h- hyuk! Their conversation is interrupted by | oud bangs fromthe street. Goofy is attenpting to put the front bunper of th car back in place while hunning "Open Road". He grins bac at themand gestures hunorously at the car. Wthout warning, the car explodes, leaving only Goofy's sh and socks behind as he sails through the air.
38) 19) dialog: Roxanne...I'd like you to neet ny Dad. Roxanne sniles and Goofy kisses her hand.