2) 15) text: say. But things WII be going ny way, after today... Nex, in front of the nusic store, stops and waves at Roxa passing by. She doesn't see himand continues on. Max | oo turns away sadly, and | ooks into the music store and see Stacey and another girl looking starstruck at the Powerli i spl ay.
4) 0) text: Stacey stands behind the podi umin an auditorium packed w rowly students, giving themthe standard end- of - school retrospective speech.
4) 1) dialog: As student body president, | just want to say, like "yay" to all of us for a really neat year.
4) 3) dialog: And finally, | hope you can all attend ny totally amazing end- of - school party next Saturday to watch the 11.
4) 4) dialog: Powerline concert live on pay-per- vi ew. Everyone cheers | oudl y.
4) 5) dialog: Thank you, thank you very nuch...and now, Wthout further adieu, Principal Mazur. The cheering continues as Principal Mazur, offstage, is f his tie and putting on his biggest snile. He walks into t spotlight, which follows himtoward the podium Inmedi atel all the cheering ceases, leaving only the sound of cricke chirping. He reaches the podium and begins his speech.
6) 7) dialog: ...and then the air conditioning went on the fritz, so! figured wth all those kids in the house the place would be like a sauna; so I' mall freaked out, but then | thought, like, "use it", so my theme's gonna be ‘Powerline goes rainforest'. Too nuch?... Roxanne, are you |i st ening? Roxanne notices Max sitting on the chair, and she gazes a him Stacey notices that she's lost her attention and sees why.
6) 8) dialog: ( know ngl y) QOhhhh....tsk, tsk, tsk. She pushes Roxanne toward Max.
6) 10) dialog: Talk to him Roxanne walks over toward Max, but wth his head dom, he doesn't notice her. She clears her throat several times, but to no avail.
6) 12) dialog: Tap him Roxanne approaches Max and taps himon the shoul der. 19. Startled, Max quickly sits upright and knocks Roxanne's b to the floor. Realizing what he's done, he begins apol og as she begins to gather them
6) 32) dialog: Cone on Roxanne, we don't want to bel abor the moment, now do we?
6) 36) dialog: See? That wasn't so bad....I told you men were easy to deal wth... Back in the principal's office, Max waves shyly at Roxann as she leaves then junps up in the air and begins yelling
8) 4) dialog: Forget it, girl...he's Roxanne’ s. Suddenl y PJ runs up behind Max and junps on his shoul de Max strains against the load as PJ conplinents himon the day's events.
32) 12) dialog: Don't worry, he'll be there...
34) 0) text: Everyone at Stacey's party watches excitedly as Max dance onscreen. Roxanne sniles gleefully. 81.