10) 13) dialog: You’re a hard guy to catch. Your schedule’s all over the place. Ritchie unlocks the door. Mike loses the smile and gets in closer.
10) 14) dialog: Three months you owe me, Ritchie... I need at least one or you’re out on your ass. Ritchie stares him down. Mike backs away. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his new wad. He takes the top twenty from the bundle and slaps the rest into Mike’s sweaty palm. Mike smiles at the size of it. Giant yellow teeth take up most of his face.
10) 15) dialog: Was that so hard? Ritchie leaves him in the hall. INT. RITCHIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Ritchie tosses his keys onto the short kitchen counter by the door. A lamp lights up the place. The teddy bear sits up agains a pillow on the folded out couch. A few frames on a nearby table show PICTURES OF HIM AND THAT BEAUTIFUL BLONDE FROZEN IN GOOD TIMES. He throws his jacket across the room. It lands on an already full chair, next to a WOODEN CRIB. He drops onto the bed, picks up the bear and gives it a little squeeze. 13. INT. RITCHIE’S CAR - DAY - TRAVELING Ritchie drives in silence. Large, expensive houses pass h by. EXT. BOBBY GOLDEN’S HOUSE - DAY Ritchie pulls up to the sprawling estate. He’s already smoking as he gets out of his car. CHUCK, a mountain of black muscle, greets him at the fron door.
11) 256) dialog: Mrs. DeLuca, how are you?
11) 258) dialog: Open up, Ritchie! He turns to Mrs. DeLuca and gives her a nod.
11) 259) dialog: Ritchie! If you don’t open this goddamn door, I’m gonna call the cops and they can -- The door opens a crack. Ritchie’s eyes are wild - cigaret dangling from his lips.
11) 261) dialog: Fuck off? This is a non-smoking building, you understand? People are trying to live here... Put it out or get out. Ritchie shuts the door. Mike looks over at Mrs. DeLuca. S shakes her head. He gathers himself and bangs on the door again.
11) 262) dialog: Ritchie! If you don’t put that shit out, I’m gonna come in there and put it out for you, I swear to Christ! 50. The door opens fast and wide. Mike jumps back. Ritchie steps out and holds up a thin stack of cash.
11) 265) dialog: Go home, Mrs. DeLuca. He shuts the door behind him. INT. RITCHIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Ritchie grabs the gun from the counter and makes his way the couch. He picks up the duffel bag.
11) 286) dialog: My sister has a boy with Down Syndrome. Great kid. That term cuts like a knife every time I hear it. 53. Mike looks around.
11) 287) dialog: We’re gonna take all that dough I saw you rolling around in earlier, plus whatever’s left of that shit you were putting up your nose. Mike sizes her up.
11) 288) dialog: And while we’re at it, I think we'll have that dirty mouth of yours wrapped around our cocks later, too. Your boyfriend, here, can watch.
11) 290) dialog: I think I‘1l have Franky knock your teeth out first, though... you look like a biter. Ritchie spits out some blood.
11) 292) dialog: (laughing) Are you serious? Ritchie stumbles to his feet.
11) 293) dialog: I’m not giving you a warning, Ritchie. I’m making you a promise - a promise that these men will do terrible things to you and your girl tonight if you don’t step aside. 54. Ritchie’s shoulders and neck let out a couple of awful cracks as he straightens out. He looks over at Nikki. She has her hand deeper in the ba Their eyes meet.
11) 296) dialog: Fuck him up, boys. Franky winds up a powerful right that slices through the air. Ritchie ducks out of the way and lands a knee hard into his ribs. His elbow follows fast and shatters Franky jaw. Franky’s body slumps to the carpet, revealing Rocco comin right for them. He lunges at Ritchie and is stopped in his tracks by a bi boot to the balls. A ferocious right to Rocco’s face send blood and spit flying onto Mike’s wife-beater. He’s knocked out instantly and crashes to the floor at Mike’s feet. A yellow smile appears on Mike’s sweaty face.
11) 297) dialog: Bygones? INT. RITCHIE’S APARTMENT BUILDING/HALLWAY - NIGHT Mrs. DeLuca mumbles to herself as she storms towards Ritchie’s door. 55. MIKE COMES CRASHING THROUGH IT and hits the wall hard. He doesn’t get up. Mrs. DeLuca screams. Nikki and Ritchie step through the shattered doorway and disappear down the hall. INT. RITCHIE’S CAR - NIGHT They jump in. Ritchie puts the key in, but doesn’t turn i