10) 0) text: INTERCUT Edwin on phone.
11) 1) dialog: I've missed you too, Jack.
11) 5) dialog: I... I... went to this bar... this very, ya know -- hard-to-get-in place... called Babbitt's...
11) 8) dialog: (simple minded laughter) Okay... I know but... I met this beautiful girl...
11) 13) dialog: (defensive) I wasn't serious about her, Jack. That was just a joke for you guys... She was just a girl.  This is a beautiful woman.  She wears pearls.
11) 16) dialog: I think she likes me... she gave me her number, but she must work a lot cause when I call she's never home... But I think we'll go out this weekend... I've...
11) 19) dialog: No, Jack, no, it's not... She likes me.
11) 21) dialog: (hurt) She likes me.  She said for me to call!
11) 23) dialog: (over the song) Jack!
11) 25) text: Slight pause, as EDWIN considers this.
11) 26) dialog: (serious) Okay, Jack.
19) 2) text: A PICTURE OF EDWIN MALNICK is shown as the REPORTER conti ... turned the gun on himself and shot a hole through his head....
19) 3) text: EDWIN MALNICK looked sad and harmless. JACK quickly grabs PHONE and RE-PLUGS it. HE is about to make a call when he stopped by the REPORTER mentioning his name... ...Representatives of radio cult personality Jack Lucas expressed regret, however no formal comment has been made. None of Babbitt's regulars had ever seen Edwin Malnick before....but tonight, few will soon forget this lonely man - who reached out to a world he knew only through the radio - looking for friendship...and finding only pain...and tragedy... This is Marc Saffron...Channel Ten news.
35) 0) text: Jack sits in his underwear on the living room floor before an open closet with a cardboard box between his legs.  The box is filled with tapes of Jack's past radio shows.  He begins to sort through them... reading titles, remembering moments... then stops when he comes upon newspaper clippings of the murder at Babbitt's.  Edwin Malnick's face stares at him from a yellowed front page. The memories sour.  He moves to the bar.  Anne exits the bedroom.
87) 0) text: Parry and his wife at the side bar.  He is making her laugh uncontrollably.  He sees Edwin in the doorway, making nothing of it.
108) 6) text: HE begins to climbs from the balcony to the roof....Sudde JACK hears SIREN IN THE DISTANCE and freezes, closing his SUDDENLY, THREE POLICE CARS come barrelling down the stre sirens blasting, they screech to a halt. A dozen cops hit streets with rifles and spotlights aimed at JACK. A REPOR faces a news camera. (THE SAME REPORTER FROM EDWIN'S T.V.
111) 0) text: Jack looks down the dark hallway.  At the far end he can see the top of a staircase. He heads towards it until he sees something that makes him stop dead in his tracks. Slowly, a shadow holding a shotgun emerges up the stairs against the back wall... Jack is paralyzed.  He closes his eyes.  The shadow reaches the top of the landing.  It is EDWIN MALNICK... Wearing the same expression we saw on the TV broadcast -- sad and harmless.  Jack's heart is bursting out of his chest.  Edwin calmly raises the gun, cocks it and FIRES:  the shot BLASTS down the hallway, deafening Jack.  But when he opens his eyes to see if he has been hit, there is no blood, no wound... and when he looks up, no Edwin.  He pulls himself together and continues: