12) 0) text: CLOSEUP of a script entitled: "On The Radio," a situation comedy by Alan Siegal. LOU ROSEN, Jack's agent, who sits in the backseat beside Jack, thumbing through the script and chuckling to himself.  Jack stares in silence out the window.
12) 1) dialog: You know some of this is very funny. Cheever told me they've even secured the rights to the Donna Summer song to play over the credits.
12) 3) dialog: Jack, of course... Not even a question.  When I spoke to him on the phone this morning, I could actually smell how much they want you for it. I could smell it over the phone.
12) 5) dialog: (continuing; looking through his pockets) I don't think I have any change.
59) 4) text: Parry remains focused on the sky - in his own world. Something about cloudbusting makes Parry behave in a way seen before...He is un characteristically quiet.
59) 18) text: HE raises his head to look and sees: EXT. SHEEPS MEADOW: SEVERAL YARDS AWAY - NIGHT. THE DARK SILOUETTE OF THE RED KNIGHT UPON HIS HORSE. Star knowing exactly where PARRY lies even though it's dark. PARRY looks frightened as he lays his head back down. JACK tries to snap him out of it by saying:
62) 25) text: Anne looks at him incredulously.  He sits down and breathes a sigh -- the absurdity of the idea hitting him as well.  Anne softens -- feeling like she has unfairly taken the wind out of his sail.
88) 2) text: Passers-by on the street witness the familiar sight of a bum screaming at thin air then turn away.  We hear the GALLOPING getting louder. Parry runs, mumbling incoherently.  People on the street get out of his way or snicker behind his back.  The Red Knight gallops toward PARRY, as he runs; his face wet with tears -- yet contorting with angry, incomprehensible reprisals.  People on the street pay no attention.
101) 0) text: A STREET BUM, whose face we cannot see, is busy asking people for change. But no one is stopping... A SECURITY G exits the building and starts yelling at the BUM to leave A CAB pulls up and out steps JACK and LOU. THEY start walking toward the building when the BUM recognizes JACK.
101) 5) text: LOU tries to usher JACK into the building, but JACK stand frozen for a moment, as the GUARD pulls out a club and starts poking the GAY BUM away...JACK doesn't know what t
101) 6) dialog: You KNOW that guy!? (JACK doesn't answer).
101) 8) text: But the GUARD keeps at him...JACK realizes people are wat him and he enters the building with LOU as the GAY BUM sc
102) 4) dialog: Oooooo... I got a rush...
102) 7) dialog: (overlapping) I'm sure it's nothing... He probably had to go to the bathroom... I'll find out...
119) 0) text: CAMERA PANS DOWN PARRY and JACK, lying naked, cloudbustin