39) 11) text: Finally, Lydia makes an exit.
39) 13) text: REACTION SHOT OF A BEWILDERED JACK as he looks at LYDIA - a dowdy, waif-like sparrow of a thing -  makes he way through the lobby. SHE is torturously self-conscious, clumsy, formless and plain. She wears loose frocks that g her no shape and make her appear to be swimming in materi SHE wears no make-up; her unstyled hair is kept off her f by a single beret that keeps sliding down her head, and h contact lens are always dry, causing her to blink and use
40) 0) text: Behind the glass in interior, we can see LYDIA sitting by eating lunch. CAMERA PANS OUT TO THE STREET where PARRY and JACK are sitting on the hood of a car, watching...
40) 2) text: LYDIA raises a dumpling to her lips with a pair of chopst SHE then accidentally drops it into a dish of soy sauce a splatters her dress.  Unnerved, she hastily wipes herself knocking over a glass of water when she removes the napki
40) 4) text: Jack squints at Lydia as if trying to see what Parry sees.
41) 0) text: Jack and Parry have followed Lydia into a bookstore.  She stands browsing through a revolving bookstand.  They watch from a distance.
41) 2) text: Lydia spins too hard, sending books flying off.  She replaces the books, but keeps one called "Loves Lusty Longings"...
42) 0) text: Parry and Jack are following Lydia, when she stops at a newsstand.
43) 0) text: Lydia buys some candy then turns and walks back toward her office building, once again waiting her turn to dive into the revolving doors.  She disappears into the building.
55) 0) text: Hordes of people are moving in every which way, zigzagging across the floor... Lydia moves through the crowd, avoiding touching anyone...
55) 10) text: Jack looks in the direction of Parry's stare and sees Lydia exit.
56) 0) text: A door opens.  Lydia enters with a bag of groceries she picked up on the way.  She turns on the light to reveal an extremely neat, albiet modest, one bedroom apartment. She carries the grocery bag into the kitchen. Out of the bag, she removes a Lean Cuisine, a giant bottle of cream soda and four giant bars of Chunky chocolate.  She pops the Lean Cuisine into the oven and walks back into the living room to an old stereo.  She turns the TURNTABLE on -- a record already set upon it. She stands by her coffee table, as if taking position: Suddenly, we hear ETHEL MERMAN -- as Lydia lip-syncs every word with complete commitment -- giving a full out performance.
56) 1) dialog: Got no sunshine, got no rain Still I think I'm a lucky dame I got the sun in the morning And the moon at night...
56) 2) text: Her attempts at hand gestures and choreography are awkward -- bunking into the coffee table, banging her hand against a lamp -- but, we see a part of Lydia that few (actually no one) sees.  Her abandon, her joy... her smile.  From upstairs, neighbors BANG for her to keep the music down.  Lydia casually crosses to the stereo, turns off the turntable and heads back to the kitchen -- as if the neighbors interference were all apart of her nightly ritual.
60) 0) text: JACK waits near the elevators as the nine-to-five crowd m their way into the building.  HE looks like a bum - havin stayed out all night with PARRY....HE'S so tired he can't keep  his  eyes  opened  as  LYDIA walks  with  the  crow to the elevator... Just as the doors close, JACK spots he and jumps in between them - causing the inhabitants a jol
61) 0) text: The elevator doors open. LYDIA gets off after two leggy businesswomen. JACK follows. SHE walks through two glass doors with the words TWO HEARTS PUBLISHING, INC. and ente the office. JACK waits until she had disappeared down a foyer, then enters the reception area.
63) 0) text: Jack on the phone to Lydia.  This time Anne is right beside him.
63) 2) dialog: (abrasively) Yeah?  Who is this?
64) 1) dialog: Yes.
64) 3) dialog: Huh-huh.
64) 5) dialog: Which ones?
64) 8) dialog: (deadpan, not getting it) How did this happen?
64) 9) text: Jack is prepared for Lydia's, shall we say, reluctance to buy it!
64) 11) dialog: (suspicious... and dense) Well, I don't understand.  What did you do -- did you pick my name out of a hat or... or... a list?
64) 13) dialog: Well -- were there a lot of people in the room or just you or what?
64) 15) dialog: Well, I mean... I don't know you... This has never... I've never won anything and... I don't have a VCR.
64) 17) dialog: Did Phyllis in accounting tell you to call me?
64) 19) text: Lydia hangs up.  Jack turns to Anne.
67) 0) text: THE GAY BUM strolls nonchalantly into the office and down relishing in the amazed expressions of the employees. HE a cubicle on which he reads a small name plate - LYDIA SI LYDIA has her back to him, but slowly turns as she feels watching her. SHE lets out a tiny scream when she sees hi standing there like a deranged clown. The GAY BUM take no her outfit - a cordoroy, forest green jumper with a lime green turtleneck -
67) 2) dialog: Huh?
67) 3) text: THE GAY BUM begins to sing a SONG PARODY to the tune of a classical musical number. (Song to be chosen). After a bi the GAY BUM hands LYDIA a business card, drops the act an
67) 5) text: Stunned, LYDIA looks down at the information card she hol frozen in her hand.
68) 0) text: C.U. on ANNE, who is slighted repulsed by PARRY. JACK PARRY; his hair slicked back, wearing a Video Spot T over his clothes. Jack hangs a car pine freshner around P neck to help with the smell...The bell on front door jing LYDIA cautiously enters the store. Behind the counter, JACK spots her immediately and nudges SHE turns to look, her bra straps are visible. JACK fixes
68) 1) dialog: Hello. My name is Lydia Sinclair.
68) 5) dialog: Parry Parry?
68) 7) dialog: Oh...like Moses.
68) 9) dialog: (continuing; curt) So how do we do this?
68) 15) dialog: (defensive) But now it's free, right?
68) 17) text: Anne backs off.  She stands next to an equally perplexed Jack as they watch Lydia fill out the card.  Her abrasive demeanor is not what they expected.  Lydia finishes the card and pushes it toward them.
68) 18) dialog: Now what?
68) 20) dialog: Free?
68) 23) text: Lydia eyes Anne suspiciously, then turns to survey the shelves.  Parry picks up her card and laminates it -- all the while, keeping his eyes fixed upon Lydia's every move.  Anne and Jack, having set the trap, watch with interest. Lydia surveys the film boxes, H-L.  She spots one of interest and pulls it off the shelf -- causing two other boxes to fall down on her.  She catches one box and, as she replaces it back on the shelf, causes three more to fall.  She catches two of the three. Parry, Anne and Jack watching with an odd fascination. Jack nudges Parry to forget the laminating and go help her.  Parry gathers up his nerve and moves from around the counter, up behind her.
68) 25) text: Lydia quickly turns -- she is uncomfortable by his closeness.
68) 26) dialog: No.  No... I can look myself...
68) 29) dialog: I don't like horror movies!
68) 31) dialog: I don't like... uh... (finding it hard to categorize) Polish love stories... (she turns her back on him, but adds) ... I like musicals.
68) 33) dialog: Got any Ethel Merman?
68) 36) dialog: What a gyp.
68) 40) dialog: Well did you or didn't you?
68) 42) dialog: Well, I guess I'll come back then.
68) 44) text: Lydia walks back to the counter.  As Jack hands her the card, she notices Anne's painted star fingernails.
68) 45) dialog: I like your nails.  Where did you get them done?
68) 47) text: Lydia keeps staring at them.  She says blankly;
68) 48) dialog: I like the stars.
68) 51) dialog: How much?
68) 54) text: Lydia considers the offer.  Parry waits for the outcome.
68) 55) dialog: Okay... twenty dollars... When can you...
68) 57) text: Lydia thinks.  Anne is ready to kill Jack.  Parry smiles hopefully.
70) 0) text: Lydia walks up and RINGS the bell.  BUZZED in -- she enters.
71) 0) text: Anne's opens the door to a cautious Lydia.  Lydia nods, self-consiously, as if to say, "Yeah, I'm here".
71) 2) text: Lydia enters, subtly inspecting the apartment.
71) 3) dialog: I've never been in an apartment above a store.  You always pass them on the street but you never think anyone really lives in them.
71) 5) dialog: No, thank you.
71) 6) text: LYDIA sits at the formica table, already set up with nail paraphernalia - with the gleaming steel nail files it loo bit like surgery equipment.
71) 7) dialog: Will it hurt?
71) 9) text: LYDIA's a little nervous about this attempt at nail beaut
73) 0) text: ANNE is seated at her formica table opposite LYDIA. SHE delicately holds one of LYDIA'S hands, carefully applying stars to her nails. LYDIA sips her tequilla with one hand ANNE'S glass is almost empty as she talks non-stop;
73) 2) dialog: (paying close attention) You threw him out?
73) 3) text: ANNE makes a confident nod. LYDIA sips.
73) 4) dialog: My parents were divorced.
73) 6) text: ANNE nods knowingly. LYDIA squints as she considers this.
75) 0) text: ANNE works on LYDIA'S other hand, as LYDIA sips her tequi from a straw.
75) 2) dialog: (defensive) Do I look like I have someone special?
75) 5) dialog: Well, there's nobody special!
75) 7) dialog: (pause, then:) I mean, it's not easy in this day and age.
75) 9) dialog: Meeting ... people.
75) 11) dialog: I never really...went through a... dating period.
75) 13) text: LYDIA nods in agreement, but her face tells us she feels missed a great deal.
77) 0) text: LYDIA is a little more loose and talkative now as ANNE re her glass, then takes LYDIA'S other hand to apply the sta
77) 1) dialog: (deadpan) ...My mother calls every week. Like a recurring nightmare. "So, have you met anyone?"..."No mom".. "So what's going to happen?"... "I don't know Mom"... I only thank God I moved out.
77) 3) dialog: I think some people are meant to be alone. (she takes a slug) Maybe I was a man in a former life and I used women for pleasure so now I'm paying for it - which would be fine, if I could just remember some of the pleasure parts... (drinks)
77) 5) dialog: I don't feel like I make any impression on people... At office parties I spend my time re-arranging the hors d'oeuvres as people eat them, so the platters will always look full. I don't start conversations because I have no idea how to end them...I think I'm just meant to live in the background of things.
77) 7) dialog: (bluntly) I'm paying you.
77) 10) dialog: (her face lights up) Really?
77) 12) text: LYDIA smiles at the thought of having such an impressiona personality.. EXT. VIDEO POP - NIGHT. JACK tries to calm PARRY down.
78) 0) text: ANNE and LYDIA share a drink....
78) 2) text: LYDIA cracks up laughing.
78) 3) dialog: "Sister-in-law of death"...That's wonderful.
78) 6) text: Lydia loses her smile and becomes self-conscious and prot
78) 12) dialog: (rises, uncomfortable) Oh, no..I have to get home...
78) 15) dialog: No really..I can't.
78) 17) text: LYDIA smiles as PARRY and JACK reach an agreement. All four turn to each other spontaneously and say:
79) 0) text: PARRY and LYDIA walk and talk.  ANNE and JACK walk behind
79) 1) dialog: ...I..uh..I get to read some of the books but mostly I..just calculate production costs from first edition hard cover publication to paperback. After paperback it's basically someone else's problem.
79) 3) dialog: Why does it sound exciting? There's absolutely nothing exciting about it.
79) 9) dialog: We mostly publish trashy romance novels.
79) 13) text: With this, Parry shows her his creation - a little wire c made from the champagne wire. Lydia is impressed. Their eyes meet for a dangerous moment, until: A LARGE MAN walks by, bumping into LYDIA without apology knocking Parry's gift to the ground....
79) 24) text: PARRY smiles proudly.  A mortified LYDIA reachs in her pu and hands Martin a quarter...Anne and Jack watch in disbe
79) 26) text: Lydia hurries away. Parry follows....The walk continues:
79) 27) dialog: How do you know him?
79) 31) text: They nod. After a beat, Lydia asks:
79) 32) dialog: What do you do - for a living I mean?
80) 0) text: ANNE and LYDIA sit opposite JACK and PARRY. THEY are served three large orders of dumplings.
80) 2) text: LYDIA is nervous about this. As everyone begins to eat, S eyes her chopsticks with reluctance. PARRY looks at her and smiles encouragingly. LYDIA forces a smile back, picks up her chopsticks and di PARRY watches her in adoration. JACK subtly tries to get to stop staring. But PARRY is glued to his vision. LYDIA, even more awkward now with her new nails, drops he dumpling into her lap.
80) 3) dialog: Oh..god...
80) 6) text: LYDIA takes her napkin and dips it into a glass of water. PARRY follows suit. When LYDIA removes the napkin, her glass falls over. PARRY forces his glass over, as well. ANNE and JACK are looking at this mirror exercise in fasc
80) 8) text: LYDIA can't help but smile - a little more at ease now. G she is not the clumsy center of attention. JACK leans over and whispers to ANNE:
80) 13) dialog: SMACK..SMACK...SMACK...
80) 14) text: WE HEAR THIS SMACKING OFF CAMERA as we begin on JACK; try to look at LYDIA but having difficulty enjoying his own m CAMERA moves to PARRY, staring at her, helplessly in love paying any attention to his own food; moving to LYDIA "SM SMACKING" , beginning to accept PARRY'S attraction in her warming up to the idea, SHE throws a smile at him in betw "smacks"; and finally ANNE, chewing quietly, staring at J with her eyes widened twice their normal size, indicating disbelief at LYDIA'S vocal variety of noises.
80) 18) text: His gentle voice counterbalances the odd lyrics and makes it sound like a love song. Anne eyes Jack to stop him. Jack is about to make an attempt but can't seem to find the way, so he doesn't bother. Lydia doesn't know how to respond either.  At first she smiles politely, then she pretends to be too busy eating to listen -- but something about Parry's sincerity pulls her in.  His face glows as he floats the lyrics across the table to her.  Slowly, her "smacking" subsides, she lowers her fork, forgets her self-consciousness and listens to Parry -- slightly hypnotized; like a little girl watching a ballerina for the first time. Jack is fascinated by Parry's complete adoration of this mess of a woman.  He looks to Anne, who tries to continue her meal nonchalantly.  He notices her bra strap hanging out from her sweater. CAMERA CUTS BACK AND FORTH between the exposed strap and Jack, as Parry continues seranading O.S.  Anne realizes Jack is staring at her and immediately thinks something's wrong.  But Jack just smiles at her.  His hand reaches across the table, not to fix her sweater, but to take her hand.  Anne is in shock.  She slips her hand into his and smiles back, her eyes almost tearing. When Parry finishes, he smiles.
80) 20) text: Lydia nods.  From O.S., Parry's hand holds a napkin and gently dabs a stain of soy sauce on her sleeve.
82) 0) text: PARRY and LYDIA walk - noticably more comfortable with ea other than before.
82) 2) dialog: There isn't any more to tell.
82) 4) dialog: (genuine) No, really..believe me - there isn't any more. This is it.
82) 6) dialog: You don't have to say that.
82) 8) dialog: I mean you don't have to say nice things to me... That kind of thing is a little old fashioned for what we're about to do.
82) 10) dialog: Well... you're walking me home.  I... I guess you're sort of... attracted to me and you'll want to come upstairs for... coffee...
82) 12) dialog: ... and then we'll probably have a drink and talk and get comfortable with each other and... and we'll... then you'll sleep over and then in the morning... (driving herself into a complex) ... you'll be distant and you won't be... able to stay for breakfast... you'll just have some coffee maybe...
82) 14) dialog: And then we'll exchange phone numbers and you'll leave and never call and I'll go to work and feel great for the first hour and then slowly turn into a piece of dirt by lunch.  Why am I putting myself through this? (to Parry, as she quickens her pace) It was very nice... uh meeting you. Good night..
82) 15) text: She walks quickly away.  Parry stops, confused to say the least, then runs after her.  Lydia is just about to enter the front door of her building when Parry stops her.
82) 17) dialog: Listen, I'm not feeling well.
82) 19) dialog: Listen, you're very nice... b...
82) 21) dialog: Oh... You mean you don't want to.
82) 23) dialog: You're married.
82) 25) dialog: Divorced.
82) 27) dialog: You have a disease.
82) 29) text: Lydia is about to speak when Parry puts his hand over her mouth.
82) 31) dialog: Shhh...
82) 32) text: She kisses him, tentatively -- almost awkwardly.  Parry feels a surge of emotion that makes his whole body tremble.  Lydia separates from him and looks into his eyes.  She pinches his cheek, hard.
82) 33) dialog: (continuing; earnestly) You are real, aren't you?
82) 34) text: They kiss again.  Then Lydia quickly pulls away...
82) 35) dialog: (continuing) ... You can call...
82) 36) text: She runs into the building, afraid to linger and ruin the moment.  Parry stands transfixed, his eyes following her. Lydia pauses briefly to look back.  She is so excited. She smiles and turns toward the elevator... her skirt spinning with her.
84) 0) text: PARRY is standing frozen... We don't know whether he's looking ahead of him or in his mind's eye... He appears anxious and frightened as he steps back, away from Lydia's building... He senses someone is watching him. Parry smiles.  But suddenly it is as if everything has gone into SLOW MOTION.  His eyes focus on her skirt as it swirls around as she turns... His expression grows dark: O.S. we hear a horses HOOVES moving in slowly as CAMERA moves to CLOSEUP.  He slowly turns his head and looks down the block to the corner to see: The Red Knight.  He sits upon his horse as if waiting for Parry.  The street lamps cast a glow around his imposing figure.  The night air lifts his cape up around his massive shoulders. Parry, vulnerable, in love, whispers plainly:
106) 0) text: Jack approaches the nurses' station when he spots a familiar face.  Lydia. We can see a change in her; the self-consciousness replaced by a self assurance, the insecurity replaced with a maturity.  She wears a handsome tailored suit.  Ja hides from her and listens:
106) 1) dialog: (to NURSE) Excuse me but I brought new bed sheets for him last week.  They were lime colored with little watermelons on them...
106) 3) dialog: All right... Make sure he gets them, okay.  Thank you.
117) 0) text: Lydia makes her way down the corridor, pushing her way through the swinging doors into Parry's ward.  She is stopped in her tracks by what she sees: Parry has gathered all the patients to the center of the room, and is teaching them to sing "Groovin'".  Jack is watching.  Although most are not getting it, all are having a good time.  When one of the patients turns to look at Lydia, Parry turns as well... His face lights up as he says:
117) 2) text: Lydia loses control and begins to cry through her smile. Parry approaches and wraps his arms around her.
117) 4) text: Lydia throws her arms around him.
117) 6) text: Lydia sobs and nods in his shoulder.  Parry holds her tighter.