29) 19) text: A FIGURE stands backlit - mysterious and powerful, noble fearless. JACK, LEATHER and WINDBREAKER instinctually bon together in the face of this fourth unknown entity. The figure turns out to be a BUM. Grimy face, tattered la of clothing beneath a long over coat, a pork pie hat with twig sticking out of it like a plume in a helmet of yore. Over his shoulder, a homemade bow and arrow set. Although clearly downtrodden, behind his beaten appearanc radiates a calm intelligence and strength. There is somet distinctly attractive and confident about him. We learn l his name is PARRY; a combination of Don Quixote and Harpo PARRY  stands before them absolutely delighted with himse hand on hip - beaming with pride..
29) 20) dialog: Unhand that degenerate - you adolescent ass of a one balled donkey!
29) 22) dialog: (a la Glinda) Ha, ha, ha, ha rubbish...now begone...before somebody drops a house on you!...
29) 23) text: LEATHER walks right up to PARRY.
29) 25) dialog: Fag..a fag you say!?... "Curst wolf! Thy fury inward on thyself Pray and consume thee!"
29) 27) text: PARRY notices a pimple on LEATHER'S cheek.
29) 28) dialog: Oooo...that looks like it hurts.
29) 31) dialog: BINGO! Tell the man what he's won!
29) 32) text: WINDBREAKER grabs PARRY, pinning his arms behind him. WINDBREAKER laughs. PARRY just turns his head and stares his eyes, causing WINDBREAKER to feel weird.
29) 33) dialog: I advise you to let us go.
29) 35) dialog: You're out numbered son.
29) 36) text: PARRY glances over LEATHER's shoulder. LEATHER TURNS to s A BUM pushing a shopping cart comes out of the darkness. is mumbling to himself incoherently. Another BUM, appears the dark, unnerving WINDBREAKER. PARRY looks to a third BUM, stepping out of the dark, menacingly. Taken by themselves, the BUMS would look harmless and pat But in the context of their uncharacteristic organization THEY appear frightening. LEATHER and WINDBREAKER automatically whip out switchblad and take a "rumble" stance - as if protecting their catch, Jack. Jack sort of sides with them if for no other reason than - he's known them longer. LEATHER tries to remain confident. HE laughs.
29) 38) dialog: Nothing! They can do nothing! Gentlemen!
29) 39) text: PARRY takes a few steps back and raises his hand. JACK stands close to LEATHER and WINDBREAKER, who prepare themselves for attack. PARRY lowers his hand which acts as a signal for the BUMS The BUMS reach into their coats and each pull out a FLASH which they shine at each other as THEY SING:
29) 41) text: JACK, LEATHER and WINDBREAKER are at a loss. The BUMS are getting all the words, but they're definitely in sync. PARRY lowers his hand proudly. The BUMS keep singing and their flashlights upon JACK, LEATHER and WINDBREAKER - bl them to PARRY.
29) 43) text: LEATHER brandishes his knife towards the dark spot where thinks PARRY stands. But PARRY takes a flying step back. As he speaks, the Bums stop singing and hum the song.
29) 44) dialog: Son...There comes a time in every man's life...and you will learn this, if and when you become men...
29) 45) text: From his hat, PARRY pulls a long tube sock tied at the end and filled with a softball at the bottom...
29) 46) dialog: ....That there are only three things in this world ya need...
29) 48) dialog: ...Respect for all kinds of life, ....the love of one other person who you can trust and pork on a regular basis ...and a nice navy blazer...Oh, and one more thing....always... keep your eye.... on the ball!
29) 49) text: PARRY releases the "weapon". The sock flies out of the darkness and, with amazing accuracy - beans LEATHER on the forehead between his eyes drops his knife to rub his head. HE sinks out of camera:
29) 51) text: WINDBREAKER grows worried as PARRY reaches in to the lini of his coat, pulls out another "sock weapon" and starts s
29) 52) dialog: However, the ability to bean a shithead can be a fabulous advantage.
29) 53) text: WINDBREAKER runs to the car and drives away. PARRY crosses to a speechless JACK.
29) 54) dialog: (picking up LEATHER'S knife) Are you all right?
29) 57) dialog: "OH beings blind! What ignorance besets you!
29) 58) text: PARRY kneels down, pulls out some rope from his coat and to tie up LEATHER, who is disoriented and dazed. PARRY ha JACK LEATHER'S knife. Sickened by it, JACK flings it in t
29) 60) dialog: (PULLS DOWN LEATHERS PANTS, EXPOSING HIS BUTT) You won't be alone for long.
29) 61) text: PARRY pulls out a triangle and begins ringing it.
29) 63) dialog: I know a great place. (Raising his hand HE calls to BUM 1:) ...UH...WARREN!
29) 65) dialog: (overlapping) NO..GUYS...GUYS.... (to JACK) They're so proud.
30) 9) dialog: (leans in and smiles) Great place huh?
30) 11) dialog: (responds) AAAAHHHH!
30) 12) text: JACK jumps. Irishman looks to PARRY & speaks in calm mono
30) 14) dialog: Fine John and you?
30) 16) text: The IRISHMAN absent mindedly flicks his cigarette ashes o JACK'S SLEEVE, which is soaked with gasoline. The SLEEVE JACK panics - waving his is arm, trying to get it out. PARRY is both amazed and impressed - seeing it as a sign. The bums talk casually as JACK tries to rip off his coat.
30) 23) dialog: I think they like you.
30) 24) text: This worries Jack. PARRY retrieves him and brings him bac to the group. The IRISHMAN removes the bottle from his saliva soaked mo hands it to JACK, who is disgusted:
30) 28) dialog: Would anyone like a fruit pie?
30) 30) text: JACK feels sick as the cheap liquor running through him. IRISHMAN begins reciting a Chaucer passage in old English The BLACK stares off, half listening. PARRY turns to JACK his face beaming, he clasps his hands and says:
30) 31) dialog: Et in arcadia ego.
31) 3) dialog: (loud and cheery) How are you feeling?
31) 6) dialog: (friendly) Hahahahaaa... Nononono... Not yet... Hahahaha...
31) 8) text: He tries to focus his eyes and looks around the room: there is an extremely organized "living area" -- a make- shift kitchen with hot plate, a nail in a wall with clothes on hangers... There is also a dumpster sitting beneath a garbage chute -- The dumpster has planets and stars painted on its side. Jack looks to the far wall and sees a handmade collage mural:  pictures cut out and pasted in a haphazard manner, all medieval in origin; grassy landscape with castles, knights and maidens on horses, crests and symbols of the Crusades, and various renditions of the Holy Grail... One maiden stands out from the rest -- a frail looking doe-like creature. On the adjacent wall, however, there are no pictures. Only frantic scribblings in red marker... Out of the scribblings we can see:  an evil looking face with a bear amateurishly drawn... a large red horse drawn as if it hurt to get out the image... the style is violent and erratic. Jack looks to the other wall and finds Parry's arsenal -- homemade "weapons" that also look medieval, like lances made from mop sticks, nets made of knotted rope, slingshots and a shield made from a garbage can cover with a rose painted on it.  Against each wall are piled, what seems to be hundreds of books.  Jack doesn't know what to make of all this.  He is frightened.
31) 10) dialog: My abode... My domicile... My neck of the woods... Hungry?  Breakfast?  A fruit pie perhaps?
31) 12) dialog: My name is Parry.
31) 14) dialog: They're -- (suddenly stands) -- What?
31) 16) dialog: (to the air) What!?
31) 18) dialog: Sshhhh!
31) 19) text: Parry looks like he's listening to someone.  Then he smiles broadly at Jack, which makes Jack worry even more.
31) 20) dialog: (continuing; to the air) I knew it!  I knew it last night! (beat; argues) I did too!  He's the one!
31) 22) dialog: (continuing) ... Can you keep a secret?
31) 24) dialog: (continuing) Do you know what the Little People just told me?
31) 26) dialog: They said you're The One.
31) 28) dialog: (stands abruptly) Oh shut up!!!
31) 29) text: He picks up a can of wintergreen air freshener and starts spraying, with violent strokes, to shut "them" up... Jack gets more nauseous from the smell... Parry yells to the air:
31) 30) dialog: (continuing) ... I've got a right to say something.  I mean, you're tying my hands here! (to Jack) They say you're not ready to know.
31) 32) text: Jack makes a move to stand when Parry stops spraying and yells:
31) 33) dialog: Hheeyy!!
31) 34) text: Jack sits back down.  Parry whispers to the air:
31) 35) dialog: (continuing) ... You're frightening him!
31) 36) text: Parry kneels before him.  Jack presses against the boiler.
31) 37) dialog: (continuing) ... Do you know who I am?
31) 39) dialog: Take a guess... (shouts to the air) Let him guess!!  Tch.
31) 42) dialog: No, no... I mean that sort of happens along the way but no... (proudly) I'm on a very special quest.
31) 44) dialog: But I need help and they sent you.
31) 46) dialog: They work for Him.
31) 48) dialog: (leans in to whisper) God... I'm the janitor of God.
31) 49) text: Jack's face drops.  Parry gets comfortable and explains casually:
31) 50) dialog: (continuing) ... They came to me about a year ago. I was sitting on the john having one of the most satisfying bowel movements -- you know the ones -- where you just see God... And I saw them... just floating around... hundreds of these... cute little fat people... And they spoke.  They said "I" was chosen to help them get back something very important they lost. But my part might be very dangerous. I said "Whoah".... slow down... ya start hearing voices from floating little fat people that tell you you're on a mission for God and you wind up in a mini-series.  Then they said "Look in Architecture Today, Feb '88... page 33..."
31) 51) text: Parry quickly crosses to a pile of magazines, grabs one and dives back to Jack, who keeps scanning for his shoes. Parry leafs through the magazine and opens to page 33.
31) 52) dialog: (continuing) And there it was... plain as day.
31) 55) text: Carmichael himself -- a dashing bachelor around fifty- five -- is shown standing in his private library beside a glass commode.  Parry points to inside the commode, where a golden chalice is displayed.
31) 56) dialog: It's the Grail... The Holy Grail.
31) 59) dialog: I know!  You can't imagine how surprised I was.  Who would think you could find anything divine on the Upper East Side.
31) 61) text: Parry tries to speak but:
31) 63) dialog: Oh, please... you're embarrassing me.
31) 65) dialog: (upset) But I can't get it... He's...
31) 67) dialog: (continuing) He's out there... I don't know if... He's always out there, see... and...
31) 69) dialog: (continuing) See, you don't know him... That's why you're the one... You can get it...
31) 71) dialog: Parry.
31) 73) dialog: I know...
31) 74) text: Parry rushes to a corner and gets Jack's shows and Pinnochio doll, then rushes to Jack and hands them over.
31) 76) dialog: Thanks a mill -- (like a corporate exec) And I'll give you a buzz as soon as I hear from the people upstairs and we'll get this thing off the ground... Thanks for stopping by, Jack.  Give my love to the wife and kids.
31) 77) text: Parry grabs Jack's hand and shakes it.
31) 79) dialog: Funny -- you look married.
36) 0) text: Jack is alone in the basement.  He slowly walks around the room -- picking up little items here and there, as if trying to discover some clue to Parry.  He scans the titles of the piles of books.  All of them have something to do with medieval history or literature, myths, or the Crusades... He picks up one of the books and opens it... Page after page has been ripped out anywhere there might have been a picture or a diagram.  He comes upon a large scroll that he unravels.  It is a map, drawn by Parry, of Langdon Carmichael's house and the surrounding blocks... He rolls it up... The Pinnochio doll sits on a broken chair facing the wall with the nightmarish scribblings... acting like a sentinel. He crosses to the prominent picture of the maiden with the long hair.  He notices a small stand before the picture, with a candle.  It is like a shrine with offerings:  a flower, a small perfume sampler, a box of Jawbreakers candy and a dime store romance novel.  Jack doesn't understand.
37) 0) text: CLOSEUP - duffel bag of Parry's things before Jack.
37) 4) text: ... A torn picture of Parry in a tux... his wedding ring... a thesis entitled THE FISHER KING, A MYTHIC JOURNEY FOR MODERN MAN... Frank continues:
37) 6) text: Jack holds a beautiful photographic portrait of Parry's wife:
38) 0) text: The BLACK, the IRISHMAN and the HIPPY are in their usual place. THEY lean against the wall, observing the afternoo life that walks by. JACK enters the scene and asks them w PARRY is. The HIPPY begins to speak and points to his rig JACK nods in appreciation and hands them a couple of doll
39) 0) text: JACK approaches PARRY from across the street; he is sitti top of a car near a souvlaki vendor and eyeing A CLOCK TO across the street and to the left of the building. HE stu the time as he recites under his breath (we only hear exc
39) 1) dialog: "Soveriegn princess of his captive heart what dire affliction has thou made me suffer, thus banished from thy presence with reproach, and fettered by thy rigorous command, not to appear again before thy beautiful face. Deign princess, to remember this thy faithful slave, who now endures such misery for love of thee"....
39) 3) text: PARRY smiles casually and, without looking at Jack, says:
39) 4) dialog: Hi Jack...
39) 7) text: THE CLOCK STRIKES NOON. PARRY grabs JACK...
39) 8) dialog: COME ON!
39) 9) text: HE pulls JACK into the building. EXT. MET LIFE BUILDING - NOON. Several business men and women make their way out the elevators for lunch. PARRY and JACK position themselves with a clear view of the center elevator. The doors open and after several more aggressive co-workers exit, PARRY' DAMSEL in distress appears out of a revolving door, but quickly gets "revolved" back into the building....
39) 10) dialog: She'll be back....
39) 12) dialog: Isn't she a vision?
39) 15) text: Starts to dig in his pocket, but Parry is already off.
39) 16) dialog: Let's go.
40) 0) text: Behind the glass in interior, we can see LYDIA sitting by eating lunch. CAMERA PANS OUT TO THE STREET where PARRY and JACK are sitting on the hood of a car, watching...
40) 1) dialog: She loves dumplings.  It's her Wednesday ritual.
40) 3) dialog: Isn't she sweet. She does that every time...
40) 4) text: Jack squints at Lydia as if trying to see what Parry sees.
41) 0) text: Jack and Parry have followed Lydia into a bookstore.  She stands browsing through a revolving bookstand.  They watch from a distance.
41) 1) dialog: She buys a new book every two days.
41) 3) dialog: (continuing; smiles with great affection) She's into trash.  Whadda you gonna do?
42) 0) text: Parry and Jack are following Lydia, when she stops at a newsstand.
42) 1) dialog: She's got a real sweet tooth.  If anybody ever told me I'd be in love with a woman who eats Jawbreakers, I'd said they were nuts. (reverentially) But look at that jaw!
42) 2) text: Jack doesn't want to look.  If the Little People made Parry seem crazy, this infatuation confirms him as beyond hope.
43) 2) dialog: Huh-huh. I'm deeply smitten.
43) 4) dialog: I don't know.
43) 5) text: A businessman, walking in the opposite direction, throws candy wrapper on the street as he passes Jack and Parry. Parry suddenly stops, outraged, pulls out a slingshot and fires a stone at the man's head.  The businessman is hit but doesn't know how, since Parry grabs Jack's arm and resumes walking casually in the opposite direction.
43) 7) dialog: Well, if every time someone did something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble, I think they might alter their behavior. What do you think Jack...
43) 8) text: Before Jack can respond, PARRY spots a rummage find:
43) 9) dialog: Oh look! A cooler!
43) 10) text: Parry spots an abandoned COOLER filled with junk and star going through it. Things are getting weird again, so JACK seizes the moment to accomplish his initial task - he pul out a fifty dollar bill and hands it to PARRY.
43) 12) dialog: Fifty dollars?
43) 13) text: JACK digs deeper and hands him a twenty. PARRY is dumbfou
43) 15) dialog: No..no, it's..I don't know what to say. This is so nice of you...Jack...
43) 18) dialog: Can I take you to lunch?
43) 20) text: JACK walks away. CAMERA stays on JACK for a few yards unt turns around and sees: PARRY handing the money to a BUM in a doorway, yelling in an imaginary phone.
43) 23) text: JACK walks back to PARRY, who is explaining to the BUM, w now talking gibberish:
43) 24) dialog: (as if he understands) Well, I think you should be realistic. Ya can't start an ad agency on fifty dollars!
43) 26) text: The Bum screams in defiance... PARRY pulls JACK away...
43) 28) dialog: Well what am I gonna do with it?
43) 30) dialog: (beat, then smiles mischieviously) You really want to help me?
44) 0) text: On the Upper East Side, PARRY and JACK stand across the tree-lined street from the ten million dollar armory/hous
44) 1) dialog: Pretty impressive huh?...Don't let it scare you. I'll admit it's formidable but everything has it's weakness.
44) 3) dialog: O.K...let me explain this one more time...The Holly Grail is in -....
44) 5) dialog: Of course there is, Jack. What do you think the Crusades were - a frat initiation? I don't think so...There has to be a Grail.
44) 7) dialog: I don't need a job. I have a quest.
44) 9) dialog: Tch. You are so sweet...Now I know why you're saying this. ...You're afraid I'm in danger and you're trying to protect me.
44) 11) text: Ignoring this, PARRY gets filled with emotion and hugs JA
44) 12) dialog: ...You are such a great guy. First the money, now this. (to the LITTLE PEOPLE) Isn't he fabulous!?
44) 14) dialog: (shouts) I LOVE THIS MAN...YA HEAR ME JADED CITY... (JACK is mortified) ...I'M DAFFY ABOUT THIS GUY AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!!!
44) 17) dialog: You're a true friend.
44) 19) dialog: You're a real honest to goodness good guy.
44) 21) dialog: That's why the Little People sent you. Just like magic.
44) 23) dialog: So what? You going to help me?
44) 28) text: HE embraces PARRY by the shoulders. PARRY turns to him op his eyes, then turns back to the KNIGHT to discover that: The HORSE and the KNIGHT have moved several feet away, an are continuing to back up...as if in retreat. JACK speaks as the sound is returned.
44) 30) text: PARRY smiles in amazement.
44) 31) dialog: He knows who you are! (amazed) He's afraid!  I can tell!
44) 37) dialog: We've got'em... come on!!!
44) 38) text: Parry runs O.S. in the direction of the Knight.  Jack is not about to follow, until he sees -- Parry runs right into the intersection of 94th & Fifth almost getting hit hit by a cab.
45) 0) text: Parry reaches where the Red Knight stood and looks.
45) 5) text: Before he can finish, PARRY is off again. JACK races afte
46) 0) text: THEY climb the wall and run into the park. THEY dodge pas with strollers, runners, bikers, sun worshippers, etc.... THEY run deep into an extremely woody section of Central The RED KNIGHT appears first to the left, then re-appears the right. PARRY darts about like a madman.
47) 0) text: The Red Knight is perched atop a rock. He and Parry excha looks. The Knight and his horse rear up, two towering fig against the Central Park South skyline. EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY. Parry, uttering a war cry, rushes off again.
48) 2) text: HE finds PARRY sitting Buddha-like, on the top of the roc calmly gazing out at the beautiful scenery before him.
48) 3) dialog: Isn't it great up here... He's gone now, but we had him on the run! We would've had his ass if we had horses! He's running scared!
48) 5) text: CAMERA PANS BACK SLOWLY from behind Jack and Parry.
48) 6) dialog: I'm sorry Jack. I thought you saw him.
48) 9) dialog: The Red Knight!
48) 12) dialog: .....Do you hear that?! Oh "Heaven be praised, in giving me an opportunity, so soon of fulfilling the duties of my profession...These cries doubtless proceed from some miserable male or female, who stands in need of my immediate aid and protection"
49) 2) text: PARRY kneels down to him. JACK keeps a safe distance away
49) 3) dialog: It's O.K...It's O.K...Lets me help you up.
49) 5) dialog: Come on now...You can't sit here.
49) 8) dialog: Buddy, the days of the debutantes are ... not what they used to be.
49) 10) dialog: (helping him up) It was a crime.
49) 12) text: PARRY lifts him up - he looks to JACK for help.
49) 13) dialog: Will you get the other side. (JACK hesitates) Jack?
49) 16) dialog: Who?
49) 19) text: PARRY looks to JACK, who then begrudgingly helps the BUM
50) 0) text: In a room at the end of the line of chairs, PARRY stands the GAY BUM. JACK stands a safe distance away, unable to take his eyes off the scene before him : seated against t wall are an assortment of derelicts, drunks, screaming wi victims and jacketed schizophrenics. JACK has a hard time
50) 1) dialog: (to JACK, referring to GAY BUM) Will you watch him for a minute?
50) 2) text: Before Jack can respond, PARRY shifts the GAY BUM'S body into JACK'S arms, then moves about the room, introducing himself to the various patients as JACK watches. HE moves down the line...saying hello, wiping people's brows, holding the hands of an angry bag lady mumbling incoheren Smiling and saying hello to each one, no matter how frigh they seem.  HE appears to have a soothing affect.
50) 12) text: JACK, against all better judgement, pats the BUM'S hand i comfort. Unexpectedly, the GAY BUM leans his head on JACK shoulder, and cries. JACK, wide-eyed with embarassment, l over to PARRY -
51) 0) text: PARRY is teaching a song to a SCITZHO, A YUPPIE IN A STRA JACKET, and a paranoid BAG LADY...
51) 4) dialog: "I like a Gershwin tune..."
51) 5) text: PARRY points to the SCITZHO, who stares at him blankly, d
51) 6) dialog: ...Good!.... "I like to read good books"
51) 9) dialog: Tempo, people...tempo...
52) 8) dialog: Jack, it's almost five.  We're going to be late. We're going to miss her!
52) 9) text: PARRY exits. JACK turns to the GAY BUM, exhaustedly.
53) 0) text: PARRY and JACK sit on the floor enjoying a cup of coffee. A VIETNAM VET in a wheelchair with no legs sits near the wall, along with at least fifteen other homeless beggers. Another MAN sits against a cash machine, crying. A WOMAN by and drops some change in the VET's cup without saying a word. The Vet, SID, smiles broadly.
53) 2) text: Parry is too busy scanning the Grand Central main floor to answer.  Realizing Parry isn't answering, Jack feels obliged to pick up the conversation.
53) 5) text: Jack smiles at this observation.  He then tries to get Parry's attention.
53) 7) text: Parry doesn't answer.  He looks like a dog waiting for its master.  People walk by Jack at a frantic pace.  He sits uncomfortably against a wall.  A man almost steps on him as he walks by and tosses a coin at Sid, missing the cup and forcing Sid to bend over... Jack picks the coin up for him.
53) 11) text: Parry stands up and begins pacing before the main floor.
53) 13) text: Parry looks at the clock above the information booth -- 5:00.
54) 2) text: Jack looks around this mad rush hour scene, taking it in through Sid's eyes... Parry, however, keeps his gaze on the main floor.  Suddenly, he spots her:
55) 1) dialog: CAMERA PANS IN SLOWLY as we hear Margaret's SONG O.S. The closer the CAMERA gets to Parry the more her song changes... At first a blend of two melodies that sound distruptive, cachophonous... But as Parry smiles with joy, HIS SONG overtakes Margaret's... It is a WALTZ.
55) 9) dialog: (referring to his own song) It's a classic.
55) 10) text: Jack looks in the direction of Parry's stare and sees Lydia exit.
55) 11) dialog: (continuing) God.  Just one night with her.  I'd die happy.
58) 1) dialog: What a beautiful night.
58) 4) dialog: Well that's stupid. This is my park just as much as it is theirs. You think it's fair they keep us out just because they make us think we'll get killed or something?
58) 6) text: PARRY takes off his pants and stands there naked.
58) 8) dialog: Have you ever done any cloudbusting? You lie on your back and you concentrate on the clouds...and you try yo break them apart with your mind. It's wild.
58) 9) text: Parry lies down.
58) 11) dialog: Come on, try it. Ya feel the air on your body - ya little fella's flappin' in the breeze. ...everybody in the city is busy with their business and no one knows we're bare assed in the middle of it. Come on!
58) 13) text: JACK starts walking away from PARRY, talking to himself -
58) 15) dialog: Who are you talking to Jack?
58) 17) dialog: Bingo!
59) 0) text: JACK, fully clothed, lies next to PARRY looking up at the
59) 4) text: Parry remains focused on the sky - in his own world. Something about cloudbusting makes Parry behave in a way seen before...He is un characteristically quiet.
59) 6) text: Parry suddenly speaks - as if talking to a lecture hall.
59) 7) dialog: Are there any questions?
59) 9) dialog: Then let's begin with the story itself. It's a story of the Grail myth...And although there are several variations, my favorite begins with the Fisher King as a young boy... who had to spend a night alone in the forest to prove his courage... and during that night, he is visited by a sacred vision. Out of the fire, appears the Holy Grail - God's highest symbol of divine grace. And a voice says to the boy, "You shall be the guardian of the Grail, that it may heal the hearts of men"...But the boy was overcome ...Innocent and foolish, he was blinded by greater visions - a life ahead filled with beauty and glory, hope and power...Tears filled his eyes as he sensed his own... invincibility. A boy's tears of naive wonder and inspiration. and in this state of...radical amazement...he felt for a brief moment, not like a boy, but like God... (Jack listens intently) ...And so he reached into the fire to take the Grail. And the Grail vanished. And the boy hands were left caught in the flames...leaving him wounded and ashamed at what his recklessness had lost him. When he became King, he was determined to reclaim his destiny and find the Grail... But with each year that passed, with each campaign he fought, the Grail remained lost, and this wound he suffered in the fire grew worse... He became a bitter man. Life for him lost it's reason. With each disappointment, with each betrayal... with each loss ... this wound would grow... Soon the land began to spoil from neglect and his people starved...Until finally, the King lost all faith in God's existance and in man's value...He lost his ability to love or be loved And he was so sick with experience... that he started to die. As the years went on, his bravest knights would search for the Grail that would heal their King and make them the most respected and valued men in the land, but to no avail.  Pretty soon, finding the Grail became a ruthless struggle between ambitious men vying for the King's power, which only confirmed the King's worst suspicions of man, causing his wound to grow. His only hope, he thought, was death. Then one day, a fool was brought in to the King to cheer him.  He was a simple-minded man... not particularly skilled...or admired... He tells the King some jokes...sing him some songs, but the King feels even worse...Finally, the fool says, "What is it that hurts you so much? How can I help?"...And the King says, "I need a sip of water to cool my throat"...So, the fool takes a cup from the bedstand, fills it with water and hands it to the King...Suddenly, the King feels a lot better. And when he looks to his hands, he sees that it was the Holy Grail the fool handed him...an ordinary cup that had been beside his bed all along...And the King asks, "How can this be?...how could you find what all my knights and wisest men could not find"? And the fool answers, "I don't know. I only knew you were thirsty."... And for the first time since he was a boy, the King felt more than a man - not because he was touched by God's glory...but rather, by the compassion of a fool.
59) 10) text: JACK doesn't know how to respond. HE's never known PARRY be eloquent. HE gets a glimpse of PARRY as he once was an the words come out of his mouth before he knows it:
59) 12) text: But PARRY seems far away. HE speaks like a professor:
59) 13) dialog: The Fisher King myth has alot of derivations...I remember I was at this lecture in Princeton once - and there was this one speaker...Henry Sa... Henry...uh...Henry...
59) 15) dialog: (continuing) ....What was I saying?
59) 16) text: JACK is as surprised as he is. PARRY'S face is frightened and confused again. There is panic in his voice.
59) 17) dialog: (continuing) ....What was I saying?
59) 18) text: HE raises his head to look and sees: EXT. SHEEPS MEADOW: SEVERAL YARDS AWAY - NIGHT. THE DARK SILOUETTE OF THE RED KNIGHT UPON HIS HORSE. Star knowing exactly where PARRY lies even though it's dark. PARRY looks frightened as he lays his head back down. JACK tries to snap him out of it by saying:
59) 20) text: PARRY looks back to see that the RED KNIGHT has vanished. HE snaps out of it somewhat.
59) 21) dialog: I can't ask for her...I have to earn her.
59) 23) dialog: Maybe, when we get the Grail...
59) 25) dialog: Happily married, probably.
59) 27) dialog: Is that what your girlfriend does for you?
60) 0) text: JACK waits near the elevators as the nine-to-five crowd m their way into the building.  HE looks like a bum - havin stayed out all night with PARRY....HE'S so tired he can't keep  his  eyes  opened  as  LYDIA walks  with  the  crow to the elevator... Just as the doors close, JACK spots he and jumps in between them - causing the inhabitants a jol
68) 0) text: C.U. on ANNE, who is slighted repulsed by PARRY. JACK PARRY; his hair slicked back, wearing a Video Spot T over his clothes. Jack hangs a car pine freshner around P neck to help with the smell...The bell on front door jing LYDIA cautiously enters the store. Behind the counter, JACK spots her immediately and nudges SHE turns to look, her bra straps are visible. JACK fixes
68) 6) dialog: No just Parry.
68) 11) text: Parry stands staring at her.
68) 13) text: Parry snaps out of it and crosses from behind the counter to the laminating machine next to Jack.
68) 23) text: Lydia eyes Anne suspiciously, then turns to survey the shelves.  Parry picks up her card and laminates it -- all the while, keeping his eyes fixed upon Lydia's every move.  Anne and Jack, having set the trap, watch with interest. Lydia surveys the film boxes, H-L.  She spots one of interest and pulls it off the shelf -- causing two other boxes to fall down on her.  She catches one box and, as she replaces it back on the shelf, causes three more to fall.  She catches two of the three. Parry, Anne and Jack watching with an odd fascination. Jack nudges Parry to forget the laminating and go help her.  Parry gathers up his nerve and moves from around the counter, up behind her.
68) 24) dialog: ... Can... can I help you?
68) 27) text: She moves away abruptly -- like a fox terrier who pretends to ignore the mess she made on the living room rug. Parry turns to Jack and Anne, as if to say "what do I do now?"  Jack encourages him to keep trying.  Parry organizes the boxes and picks one out.
68) 28) dialog: How about the "Hell Merchants"?
68) 30) dialog: (reads) How about... Zbiegnew Speizak's "The Purple Bread," an intensely portrayed tale of love and envy set against the sweeping background of a Polish bakery.  In subtitles.
68) 32) dialog: (encouraged) Well, we have plenty of those.  Right over here.  We got the MGM series, Astaire and Rogers, the Judy Garlands...
68) 35) dialog: ... Uh... we seem to be all out of Ethel Merman.
68) 37) dialog: Yeah.
68) 54) text: Lydia considers the offer.  Parry waits for the outcome.
68) 57) text: Lydia thinks.  Anne is ready to kill Jack.  Parry smiles hopefully.
69) 0) text: Jack searches frantically through a closet.  Anne and Parry sit opposite each other at the table.  Parry is eating Anne's homecooking voraciously.  Anne doesn't quite know how to take Parry, who smiles mischieviously through his meal.
69) 2) dialog: Got any more bread crust?
69) 3) text: As Anne resentfully rises and crosses into the kitchen, Parry focuses on her robust breasts bouncing beneath the sweater.  Anne's expression, as she serves him, is a mixture of repulsion and fascination... She sits at the table.
69) 5) text: Anne looks at Parry as if this were an impossibility. Parry smiles back -- he likes Anne.
69) 8) dialog: Got any more starchy food?
69) 11) dialog: This food's delicious.  You're a wonderful cook.  And you have a lovely home.
69) 15) dialog: (enjoying the conversation) Your welcome.  You know, a beautiful woman like yourself -- your own business -- I'm surprised some guy doesn't snatch you up for his own.
69) 16) text: Anne looks in Jack's direction, but replies to Parry:
69) 18) dialog: I'm shocked.  With a child bearing body like yours... (Anne doesn't know how to take that) ... why a man would have to be out of his mind!
69) 20) dialog: Why this is outrageous!...
69) 21) text: Parry, getting overly heated, slams down his fork.  Anne jumps.
69) 22) dialog: (continuing) ... A woman of your value going to waste before my eyes.... (rising intensity) Come on!  I'm yours!  Let's go! (clears the table with one move) Come on -- let us go to that place of splendor in the grass.
69) 26) dialog: Holdin' my penis... What a lovely way of sayin' how Much ya like me...
69) 29) dialog: Holdin' my penis...
69) 31) text: Parry stops singing and gets off the table.  He bows to her.
69) 32) dialog: (kidding) You sure now?
69) 34) dialog: (continuing) ... Well alright.  But you let me know. (with great sincerity) You're too good a woman to go to waste.
69) 35) text: Anne, in spite of herself, agrees with him.  She looks to Jack to see if he agrees, but Jack is too busy inspecting Parry.
72) 0) text: Jack is cleaning up Parry - perhaps applying a green mud treatment.
74) 0) text: JACK stands behind a seated PARRY in front of a mirror. PARRY'S hair is wet. JACK places a can of styling mousse in front of him. PARRY squeezes a ball of mousse in his h then applies it to his head....PARRY proceeds to experime with a number of styles - adding more and more mousse as watches in silence. PARRY molds his hair into a cone, the divides into two cones, then mushes it into a pompadour, splits the pompadour - PARRY is having a wonderful time - applying enormous amounts to his head and eyebrows....Fin JACK grabs the can out of PARRY'S hand.
76) 0) text: PARRY, cleaned and dressed up - his hair moussed back, th is too big.  PARRY paces back and forth in the hallway as tries to staple the sleeves of the suit shorter for PARRY
76) 2) dialog: I'm sorry....I'm just so excited. (JACK smiles) You must have felt this way when you first met Anne, huh? Where did you two meet?
76) 4) dialog: Tch...how romantic. Yeah. If I wasn't already committed to Lydia, boy. Except Anne'd never go for me though. She loves you too much. And you really love her, huh?
76) 6) dialog: What are the other reasons?
76) 9) text: PARRY puts his arm on JACK'S shoulder and speaks very sin
76) 10) dialog: (earnest) You love her alot Jack. You're ... crazy about her...It's just that, sometimes, you're a little bit of an asshole.
77) 12) text: LYDIA smiles at the thought of having such an impressiona personality.. EXT. VIDEO POP - NIGHT. JACK tries to calm PARRY down.
77) 14) text: JACK adjusts PARRY'S tie, then undoes it and re-ties. PARRY takes wallet, keeping his eyes on JACK, as JACK pri
77) 15) dialog: ...You're a nice man, Jack. Doing all this for me...
77) 16) text: JACK doesn't pay attention as PARRY'S expression grows pa frightened. HE suddenly raps his arms around JACK and whi
77) 17) dialog: I'm scared Jack.
77) 19) dialog: ...I feel so much for her...I feel like something awful is going to happen.
77) 21) dialog: I'm still scared.
78) 8) dialog: I know!
78) 9) text: JACK turns to find that PARRY is still outside the apartm HE crosses to PARRY. The two whisper intensely....
78) 14) text: PARRY stands in b.g. with JACK, whispering....
78) 17) text: LYDIA smiles as PARRY and JACK reach an agreement. All four turn to each other spontaneously and say:
79) 0) text: PARRY and LYDIA walk and talk.  ANNE and JACK walk behind
79) 2) dialog: It sounds exciting.
79) 4) text: As Parry talks, he picks up a piece of garbage on the sid
79) 5) dialog: Well, you're calculating costs that could have an affect on whether or not the book is published and if it is, it could be a book that... ....might somehow change the way people think or act - a book can do that. And you would be a part of creating a cultural shift that could change our society forever.
79) 6) text: Parry drops the garbage in a garbage can and is almost about to browse through it when:
79) 8) text: Parry is alerted by Jack that this would be inappropriate However, he does take a wire champagne cork wrapper, indi
79) 10) dialog: Well - empires have fallen because of trashy romances...
79) 11) text: Parry seems to be fashioning something out of the wire.
79) 12) dialog: (continuing) ...Romance is romance no matter what kind it is...It could be a Victorian lady kidnapped by a viral sea captain with a hairy chest...or a horny pizza boy seduced by a housewife with a hairy upper lip. As long as there's heart, passion, and little bit of fantasy...romance is the stuff of dreams...there's always more to trash than meets the eye...
79) 13) text: With this, Parry shows her his creation - a little wire c made from the champagne wire. Lydia is impressed. Their eyes meet for a dangerous moment, until: A LARGE MAN walks by, bumping into LYDIA without apology knocking Parry's gift to the ground....
79) 14) dialog: ...Hey!
79) 15) text: The LARGE MAN continues walking as PARRY reaches to his b pocket to pull out his SLINGSHOT when:
79) 17) text: PARRY begrudgingly lets him go.
79) 19) text: Parry spots a familiar homeless face, sitting on the curb
79) 20) dialog: Hey Martin...!
79) 22) dialog: This is Lydia!
79) 24) text: PARRY smiles proudly.  A mortified LYDIA reachs in her pu and hands Martin a quarter...Anne and Jack watch in disbe
79) 26) text: Lydia hurries away. Parry follows....The walk continues:
79) 28) dialog: We were neighbors for a couple for weeks on Sutton Place. Lydia You lived on Sutton Place?
79) 29) dialog: (proudly) Yep! Right on it!
79) 33) dialog: Well, I'm in search of the Holy Grail.
80) 0) text: ANNE and LYDIA sit opposite JACK and PARRY. THEY are served three large orders of dumplings.
80) 2) text: LYDIA is nervous about this. As everyone begins to eat, S eyes her chopsticks with reluctance. PARRY looks at her and smiles encouragingly. LYDIA forces a smile back, picks up her chopsticks and di PARRY watches her in adoration. JACK subtly tries to get to stop staring. But PARRY is glued to his vision. LYDIA, even more awkward now with her new nails, drops he dumpling into her lap.
80) 4) text: To save her from embarassment, PARRY drops his dumpling i lap as well.
80) 5) dialog: Oh boy...
80) 6) text: LYDIA takes her napkin and dips it into a glass of water. PARRY follows suit. When LYDIA removes the napkin, her glass falls over. PARRY forces his glass over, as well. ANNE and JACK are looking at this mirror exercise in fasc
80) 7) dialog: (to LYDIA) Can't take us anywhere, huh?
80) 14) text: WE HEAR THIS SMACKING OFF CAMERA as we begin on JACK; try to look at LYDIA but having difficulty enjoying his own m CAMERA moves to PARRY, staring at her, helplessly in love paying any attention to his own food; moving to LYDIA "SM SMACKING" , beginning to accept PARRY'S attraction in her warming up to the idea, SHE throws a smile at him in betw "smacks"; and finally ANNE, chewing quietly, staring at J with her eyes widened twice their normal size, indicating disbelief at LYDIA'S vocal variety of noises.
80) 16) dialog: gazing at his sweetheart, a song to seranade comes to mind and he softly begins:
80) 17) dialog: Lydia... Oh Lydia... That encyclopedia.  Oh Lydia the tattooed lady...
80) 18) text: His gentle voice counterbalances the odd lyrics and makes it sound like a love song. Anne eyes Jack to stop him. Jack is about to make an attempt but can't seem to find the way, so he doesn't bother. Lydia doesn't know how to respond either.  At first she smiles politely, then she pretends to be too busy eating to listen -- but something about Parry's sincerity pulls her in.  His face glows as he floats the lyrics across the table to her.  Slowly, her "smacking" subsides, she lowers her fork, forgets her self-consciousness and listens to Parry -- slightly hypnotized; like a little girl watching a ballerina for the first time. Jack is fascinated by Parry's complete adoration of this mess of a woman.  He looks to Anne, who tries to continue her meal nonchalantly.  He notices her bra strap hanging out from her sweater. CAMERA CUTS BACK AND FORTH between the exposed strap and Jack, as Parry continues seranading O.S.  Anne realizes Jack is staring at her and immediately thinks something's wrong.  But Jack just smiles at her.  His hand reaches across the table, not to fix her sweater, but to take her hand.  Anne is in shock.  She slips her hand into his and smiles back, her eyes almost tearing. When Parry finishes, he smiles.
80) 19) dialog: Would it be all right... I mean would you mind... if I walked you home tonight?
80) 20) text: Lydia nods.  From O.S., Parry's hand holds a napkin and gently dabs a stain of soy sauce on her sleeve.
82) 0) text: PARRY and LYDIA walk - noticably more comfortable with ea other than before.
82) 1) dialog: Tell me more. I want to know everything.
82) 3) dialog: Don't say that.
82) 5) dialog: Well, it's enough for me.
82) 7) dialog: I never say anything I have to.
82) 9) dialog: What are we about to do?
82) 11) dialog: I don't drink coffee...
82) 13) dialog: I don't drink coffee...
82) 15) text: She walks quickly away.  Parry stops, confused to say the least, then runs after her.  Lydia is just about to enter the front door of her building when Parry stops her.
82) 16) dialog: Excuse me...
82) 18) dialog: Well, no wonder.  We just met, made love and broke up all in the space of thirty seconds and I can't even remember the first kiss which is the best part.
82) 20) dialog: So are you, but I think maybe you should shut up now... (Lydia is surprised) ... I'm not coming up to your apartment.  That was never my idea.
82) 22) dialog: (deeply sincere) Oh no, I want to. (sweetly) I've got a hard-on for you the size of Canada... but I don't... want just one night.  I have a confession to make?
82) 24) dialog: No.
82) 26) dialog: No, I...
82) 28) dialog: Will you stop!... (pause, he looks at her) ... I'm in love with you...
82) 29) text: Lydia is about to speak when Parry puts his hand over her mouth.
82) 30) dialog: ... It's not just from tonight.  I've known you for a long time.  I see you come out of work every day.  I walk with you to lunch.  I know what you order... I see you buy Baby Ruths before going back in... (slowly removes his hand) I know how you feel on certain days by whether or not you go into the bookstore... (Lydia listens with fascination) ... I know you hate your job and you don't have many friends and you sometimes feel like you're not as... as wonderful as everybody else and you're a little uncoordinated (Lydia begins to cry) ... and feeling like you're the only one who's as separate and... alone as you are... and I love you.   I love you.  I think you're the greatest thing since... spice racks and I would be knocked out several times if I even got just a first kiss.  But I'll be back in the morning.  And I won't be distant.  And I will call if you let me... But I still don't drink coffee.
82) 32) text: She kisses him, tentatively -- almost awkwardly.  Parry feels a surge of emotion that makes his whole body tremble.  Lydia separates from him and looks into his eyes.  She pinches his cheek, hard.
82) 36) text: She runs into the building, afraid to linger and ruin the moment.  Parry stands transfixed, his eyes following her. Lydia pauses briefly to look back.  She is so excited. She smiles and turns toward the elevator... her skirt spinning with her.
84) 0) text: PARRY is standing frozen... We don't know whether he's looking ahead of him or in his mind's eye... He appears anxious and frightened as he steps back, away from Lydia's building... He senses someone is watching him. Parry smiles.  But suddenly it is as if everything has gone into SLOW MOTION.  His eyes focus on her skirt as it swirls around as she turns... His expression grows dark: O.S. we hear a horses HOOVES moving in slowly as CAMERA moves to CLOSEUP.  He slowly turns his head and looks down the block to the corner to see: The Red Knight.  He sits upon his horse as if waiting for Parry.  The street lamps cast a glow around his imposing figure.  The night air lifts his cape up around his massive shoulders. Parry, vulnerable, in love, whispers plainly:
84) 1) dialog: Let me have this.
86) 0) text: Parry running away from the Knight.
87) 0) text: Parry and his wife at the side bar.  He is making her laugh uncontrollably.  He sees Edwin in the doorway, making nothing of it.
88) 0) text: Parry still running.
88) 1) dialog: Sstttoppp!!!
88) 2) text: Passers-by on the street witness the familiar sight of a bum screaming at thin air then turn away.  We hear the GALLOPING getting louder. Parry runs, mumbling incoherently.  People on the street get out of his way or snicker behind his back.  The Red Knight gallops toward PARRY, as he runs; his face wet with tears -- yet contorting with angry, incomprehensible reprisals.  People on the street pay no attention.
90) 0) text: Parry and his wife waltzing.  CLOSEUP on their clasped hands as Parry maneuvers a ring on her finger.
92) 0) text: Surprised, Parry's wife stops dancing to look at the ring.  Parry smiles.  It is his proposal...
93) 0) text: Ambulance driving away with Parry holding his wife's hand in the back...
96) 0) text: Parry has run all the way to the promenade along the river.
96) 1) dialog: Come on!... Where are you!!!  Where are you!! (softer, dropping to his knees) Where are you...
97) 0) text: The two juvenile delinquents, Leather and Windbreaker, come strutting down the promenade, in SLOW MOTION.  Parry looks toward them, as if surrendering. Through PARRY'S POV we see the two youths are being lead by the Red Knight on his horse. Parry, tear-stained face, rises to meet them.  The Youths reach Parry and surround him.  Leather flicks open a switchblade.
97) 2) text: Parry stands before them, surrendering to his fate. Through his POV, the Red Knight is pointing a sword at him in front of Leather and his switchblade.  He slashes at Parry's chest as we...
99) 0) text: PARRY lays in bed - his face bandaged, his arms in a cast his chest tightly rapped.  HE has been severly beaten. JA and ANNE stand at the foot of the bed in shock. A DOCTOR The DOCTOR is young, dedicated and inexperienced enough t still feel compassion.
99) 9) text: With that, the DOCTOR EXITS. JACK and ANNE face PARRY.
99) 13) text: But ANNE doesn't stop or turn - she keeps walking. JACK stares at PARRY. CAMERA MOVES IN TO C.U. - His face hardening, a mixture of hurt, rage and resignation. SUPER - SIX MONTHS LATER.
105) 0) text: Jack approaches the entrance to the lot from the street, carrying an open box of assorted deli food and coffee... He stops in the entrance and looks at the deserted lot. Gone are the little cliques of homeless, once scattered throughout the place.  Gone is the magic and danger that night cast upon the surroundings.  All Jack sees is garbage and decay. Suddenly, SIRENS from an ambulance pulls his his attentio away.  At the same time, the Black and the Irishman (from that same first night with Parry), come running out from between the two giant foundations of the bridge and bolt out of the lot.  Jack smiles in recognition as he moves to block them:
107) 0) text: Jack enters a room lined on both side with beds and patients. The various patients -- all men -- are confined to their beds.  Some are mumbling inaudibly to themselves, others are rocking back and forth, others just stare off into space.  Parry sits in bed -- his eyes are dead, his body unresponsive.  Jack stands at the foot of his bed.  Parry does not respond.
107) 2) text: Parry remains the same.  Other patients look at Jack as if he's nuts talking to a catatonic person.  Jack moves closer to him.  He picks up his hand and holds it.  Then shakes it.
107) 8) text: The tears come. JACK gently pushes the hair off of PARRY'
115) 0) text: Parry lies asleep in a sea of lime green and watermelons. Jack places the "Grail" in Parry's lifeless hands.  He pulls up a chair beside the bed and sits.
115) 2) text: Jack props his feet up on Parry's bed and settles in to sleep.
116) 0) text: CAMERA CLOSE on a newspaper headline being read by an orderly:  "ACCIDENTAL SUICIDE THWARTED BY NIGHT PROWLER... Thief Didn't Know Anyone Was Home, Escapes Empty Handed"... CAMERA PANS PAST several beds until it ARRIVES at Parry's.  Jack is asleep in a chair beside him.  CAMERA ON Parry's hands as they gently come to life and grasp the chalice.  Parry opens his eyes, raising the chalice to him.  He sees Jack sleeping beside him and smiles.
116) 1) dialog: (whispers) I had this dream, Jack.
116) 3) dialog: (continuing) I was married.  I was married to this beautiful woman.... And you were there too... (pause) I really miss her, Jack.  Is that okay?  Can I miss her now?
116) 4) text: Jack, his eyes closed, only pretends to be asleep, but in truth he hears every word.  A tear rolls down his cheek. Parry extends one hand, placing it on Jack's shoulder while cradling the chalice with the other.
117) 0) text: Lydia makes her way down the corridor, pushing her way through the swinging doors into Parry's ward.  She is stopped in her tracks by what she sees: Parry has gathered all the patients to the center of the room, and is teaching them to sing "Groovin'".  Jack is watching.  Although most are not getting it, all are having a good time.  When one of the patients turns to look at Lydia, Parry turns as well... His face lights up as he says:
117) 1) dialog: Hiya, sweetheart!  Where you been!?
117) 2) text: Lydia loses control and begins to cry through her smile. Parry approaches and wraps his arms around her.
117) 3) dialog: (continuing) Don't cry... Hey...
117) 5) dialog: (continuing) ... Are you my girl?... Are you my girl...?
117) 6) text: Lydia sobs and nods in his shoulder.  Parry holds her tighter.
119) 0) text: CAMERA PANS DOWN PARRY and JACK, lying naked, cloudbustin
119) 1) dialog: Beautiful night huh?