2) 0) text: Nash ENTERS. Small but well furnished. His clothes are st in trunks. Nash pulls off his tie, goes to the window. Couples and LAUGHING groups move across the sun-drenched Nash rests his forehead against the glass. Alone. The door swings open behind him. Unruly hair and a tuxedo looks slept in whirl into the room. Meet CHARLES HERMAN.
2) 1) dialog: The prodigal roommate arrives. Charles begins stripping as he speaks. Nash stares in won come his jacket and bow-tie.
2) 3) dialog: Did you know that a hangover is not having enough water in your body to run your krebs cycle? Charles pulls off his pants, and hopping, both shoes.
2) 4) dialog: Which is exactly what happens when you die of thirst. Now finally his shirt, which he throws on the couch.
2) 5) dialog: So dying of thirst would feel like the hangover that finally kills you. He grabs a towel and heads for the door.
2) 6) dialog: Nash, right? Happy to meet you. NASH-CLOSE. Speechless.
2) 9) dialog: Officially almost human again. Charles has ENTERED from the hall, hair wet, towel around
2) 10) dialog: Officer, I saw the driver who hit me. His name was Johnny Walker. Nash continues working as Charles opens the closet, pulls which he apparently stowed before Nash's arrival. Begins
2) 11) dialog: I got in last night. Right in time for English Department cocktails. The cock was mine. The tail belonged to a lovely young thing with a passion for D.H. Lawrence. Nash nods, still doesn’t look up from his work.
2) 12) dialog: Not easily distracted, are you?
2) 14) dialog: I see. Charlies spots a bowl of wrapped amaretto cookies on Nash Nash covers the bowl before Charles can grab one, never o looking up from his pad. That's when Charles actually climbs up on Nash’s desk, si right in front of him.
2) 16) dialog: Is my roommate a dick?
2) 18) text: Charles reaches into his pocket and pulls out something. flask. Waves it in Nash's face.
2) 19) dialog: If we can't break the ice, how about we drown it? .
3) 0) text: Charles and Nash stand under the crimson sky on the roof dorm, passing the flask.
3) 1) dialog: So how’s it go? You the poor boy who didn't go to Harvard or Yale...
3) 3) dialog: Or the nerdy kid the other kids only liked for his brains? Nash just shrugs. “
3) 5) dialog: Lots of smart people around here.
3) 8) dialog: Matter. ' Nash glances over to Charles, startled, then just nods.
3) 9) text: q Nash reaches into his pocket, pulls out two wrapped amare cookies. Hands one to Charles.
3) 10) dialog: The cookies help. Finally, Nash smiles back.
9) 8) dialog: You've been here two days. Nash turns to find Charles behind him. Jchn looks exhaust
9) 10) dialog: Hell, no. You invented window art. Nash gestures to the first pattern.
9) 12) dialog: You watched a mugging?
9) 14) dialog: My niece knows that. She’s nine.
9) 19) dialog: You know, food? Charlies grabs Nash’s wax pencil from his hand, shoves it pocket, begins walking away.
9) 21) dialog: Pizza. I have respect for pizza. And maybe beer... A beat. Then Nash follows.
11) 20) dialog: You may be a genius, but when it comes to the calculus of human emotions, you don’t have a clue. So buy them drinks. Smile. Nod a lot. And maybe keep your mouth shut.
11) 22) dialog: I especially like the fluid exchange part. With that, Charles ruffles his hair and heads for the doo turns back to the bar. Alone.
13) 29) dialog: Jesus. WIDER. Charles is sitting up on his bed, looking sleepy, around his shoulders. He puts his feet on the floor. Smil
13) 30) dialog: What did that window ever do to you? John turns to him now, the despair on his face palpable.
13) 33) dialog: John, stop- John spins, pleading eyes full of rage and anguish.
13) 35) dialog: ...Yes. This seems to give Nash some small comfort. A long beat. walks to the desk, begins to pull it backwards from the w
13) 36) text: No more staring out. Face the wall. Read their books, attend their classes... Charles stares at him a beat. He nods slowly.
13) 37) dialog: You’re bleeding.
13) 39) text: 20 Charles rises, hands him a towel. As John begins to tamp forehead, Charles puts his hands or. the edge of the desk
13) 40) dialog: You know, friend Nash; if you want to win your own way... Charles pulls the desk back from the window, but doesn’t Instead he bends, as if for traction.
13) 41) dialog: You can’t play by their rules.... Charles begins shoving the desk towards the window...
14) 0) text: Nash stands with Charles looking down, out of the broken window at the still settiing debris.
14) 1) dialog: Heavy. Nash nods, can’t help a shocked grin.
14) 3) dialog: - Your answer isn't, face the wall. It’s not in their books and in their classes. It’s out there, right where you've been looking. When they tell you to look away, you’ve just got to look closer. Do you understand? Nash stares at him a beat.
14) 6) dialog: Coming from you, do you have any idea how much that scares me?
37) 0) text: Nash and Charles stroll together. Marcee runs a few yards chasing pigeons, eyes wide with a child’s fascination.
37) 4) dialog: My sister got herself killed in a car crash. Husband was too drunk to know he was too drunk to drive. I took Marcee in.
37) 6) dialog: She’s young. That's how they come. the pigeons. To her dismay, they don’t react.
37) 7) dialog: I‘m doing the great. authors workshop at Harvard. D.H. Lawrence.
37) 9) dialog: Well, I have been reading about you. How are you, John?
37) 11) dialog: Top Secret, Black Bag, Black Ops?
37) 13) dialog: Yes.
37) 15) dialog: You buried the lead.
37) 19) dialog: Hell, you buried the whole story.
37) 21) dialog: Nothing’s ever for sure. That’s the only sure thing I know. That’s when Marcee runs up, her expression grave.
44) 0) text: William’s car turns onto the riverfront, the chase car in pursuit. William and the shadowy gunman exchange FIRE as cars race along the moonlit edge of the Charles.
54) 4) dialog: Someone really needed a hug. (clasps John's hand) Saw you on the slate. Couldn't miss hearing the inimitable John Nash.
54) 8) dialog: What is it? What’s wrong?
54) 10) dialog: (darkening) What? Teli me... John looks like he’s about to speak. Then...
57) 0) text: Nash stares out the window at Charles coming fast down th Marcee behind him. Nash raises his hand towards his friend, finding only win between them as the car pulls away, leaving the universit
64) 0) text: Alicia sits in bed, rocking her swaddled infant in her ar ei en the comforter before her are several strewn envelopes. addressed to Charles Herman. Each stamped Return To Sende a r Alicia reaches for the phone, begins to dial a number, we if for the hundredth time. CAMERA DRIFTS across the bed to an open address book and Charles Herman's name and number. (CVER) The RING signal replaced by a recorded VOICE.
104) 0) text: John stands staring outside. William steps into the doorway behind him. Watching. Another figure begins descending the steps. Charles. A third tiny form tugs his hand. Marcee. The front door SLAMS closed in the wind. PULL BACK AND UP Nash there, alone in the house with his ghosts.
110) 20) dialog: Tell him you’re a genius- Nash spins over his shoulder to see Charles in the open d
110) 21) dialog: Tell him you’re mission- John reaches around in his chair and SLAMS the door in Ch face. Turns back to face Milnor, who stares a beat. Then
117) 0) text: Students file into a classroom. Nash stands at the door f Charles and Marcee, Alicia’s handkerchief in his hand fer
117) 1) dialog: co You can’t ignore me forever.
132) 0) text: Nash stands on the same roof where he and Charles passed so very long ago. “RLICIA | Looking for divine inspiration? John looks at her. A beat. Then into the distance again.