36) 0) text: Nash sits under a tree, marking up another magazine. A li (MARCEE, 9) walks up to him.
36) 1) dialog: What ya doin? Nash looks up at her.
36) 3) dialog: Chasin’ pigeons. You talk funny, Mr. Nash.
37) 0) text: Nash and Charles stroll together. Marcee runs a few yards chasing pigeons, eyes wide with a child’s fascination.
37) 3) text: The two walk Marcee runs at 51
37) 22) dialog: I can’t make the pigeons fly.
37) 24) dialog: Are you being mean and I shouldn’t pay you no mind? A beat. Then Nash smiles.
54) 0) text: Jchn is walking skittishly through the lobby when a small figure runs up to greet him. Marcee.
54) 1) dialog: Mean Uncle John, Mean Uncle John. She raises her hands high over her head, bares her teeth a savage GROWL.
54) 2) dialog: See, I remembered.
57) 0) text: Nash stares out the window at Charles coming fast down th Marcee behind him. Nash raises his hand towards his friend, finding only win between them as the car pulls away, leaving the universit
58) 12) text: 67 John looks up from the floor. What he sees chills his bon Sitting on a window seat in the corner are two figures. C Marcee, staring at him expressionlessly.
90) 14) dialog: Uncle John, Uncle John. She races to him and leaps into his arms. He holds her so
90) 15) dialog: You're gonna squeeze me ‘till I pop. John reluctantly sets her down, his expression darkening.
104) 0) text: John stands staring outside. William steps into the doorway behind him. Watching. Another figure begins descending the steps. Charles. A third tiny form tugs his hand. Marcee. The front door SLAMS closed in the wind. PULL BACK AND UP Nash there, alone in the house with his ghosts.
117) 0) text: Students file into a classroom. Nash stands at the door f Charles and Marcee, Alicia’s handkerchief in his hand fer
124) 0) text: A slightly older Nash sits amidst a group of students und listening to Milnor give a seminar. Nash seems out of place. Marcee plays with his hair but h her, taking notes. Nash looks to see...