9) 4) dialog: It‘s derived from GO. But variant outcomes are made impossible by the shape of the board. Quite simply, it's perfect, sir.
9) 6) dialog: I don't know. But it’s called Nash.
11) 0) text: (OVER) LES BROWN on the jukebox. Students party with co-e neighboring schools. Shapely charms a few girls at the ba Nash is at the pool table. Makes a bank shot. Chalks up a
24) 4) dialog: Can we leave one open Professor? It's really hot, sir... Nash has returned to the board. Turns to face the boy who
49) 0) text: John stands at the window, staring out at the parking row sedan pulls up. Two suspicious men in trench coats and ha NASH-CLOSE. Really nervous. Then two women emerge from the car, followed by their kid men, just two families. WIDER John turns to face a classroom full of students, all star with confusion. His eyes are hollow as he moves to his de
55) 5) text: Folks look puzzled. The Student, confused, points to a si
108) 0) text: Fall. Through swirls of falling color, students move acro common. The clothes may be different, but it’s the same P Nash entered so many years ago as a Freshman. PUSH IN TO
111) 0) text: Two students at a games table play Nash on a triangular b keeps glancing over his shoulder nervously. WIDER. Standing behind him is Nash in his baggy suit. Roc his heals the way he does, he looks like a madman.
111) 2) dialog: Take a hike, hun weirdo. NASH-CLOSE. Taken aback. A beat. HOLD on Nash standing al
112) 4) text: Amidst a crowd of gaping students, Nash is storming the c in tight figure eights, CURSING at the empty air.
117) 0) text: Students file into a classroom. Nash stands at the door f Charles and Marcee, Alicia’s handkerchief in his hand fer
122) 1) text: oo 114 A couple of STUDENTS stand before the large circular wind covered now with wax markings. The symbols seem disorgani
122) 2) dialog: Gibberish. The second begins wiping off the window.
122) 5) dialog: Freak. They walk off. Nash goes to the window, with his wax penc trying to reconstruct the symbols. A beat. Then he touches his head to the glass, defeated, at the courtyard below. What he sees is startling. See it
124) 0) text: A slightly older Nash sits amidst a group of students und listening to Milnor give a seminar. Nash seems out of place. Marcee plays with his hair but h her, taking notes. Nash looks to see...
127) 0) text: Nash finishes writing on the pane. The symbols are now or their sequences in long, graceful lines. He takes a step back, appraises his work. Allows a slight walks off. PAN RIGHT. Two STUDENTS, one SKINNY, one FAIR, have been They move to the window, stare at the equations.
127) 1) dialog: Oh, man. Look at this...
127) 2) dialog: I think he solved Riemann...
127) 5) dialog: You are John Nash, right? Nash looks at him and smiles.
127) 6) dialog: You solved the Riemann Hypothesis.
127) 9) dialog: I've been studying your bargaining equilibria. TEXT BOOK-CLOSE. Under the title FUNDAMENTALS IN MATHEMAT Nash's Bargaining Equilibria.
127) 11) dialog: It’s all I want. To be like you. Come up with something totally original, you know? John looks at this boy, the ambition in his eyes. So brig familiar. The kid slides his notebook towards Nash.
127) 12) dialog: Maybe you'd take a look...
134) 6) text: 121 HOLD on the CLASSROOM DOOR as Alicia slowly DISSOLVES. Th CHANGES COLOR once, then AGAIN, time passing until we are INT.-PRINCETON-FINE HALL-1990's THE DOOR swings open. Nash emerges amidst a gaggle of stu suit is tailored, his face covered with a close beard. Th students cling to him, JABBERING, this man is one fine te
134) 10) dialog: See you next week, Professor. Nash watches them go, smiling, paternal.
135) 11) dialog: Professor Nash? John looks up. A young faculty member is staring at him. into his pocket, lays something down in front of him. It’