2) 3) dialog: He'll not leave the grave -- not since Wednesday last when we buried the lad.
2) 5) dialog: A great, kind lad, he was -- gentle with all things like Robbie. She pauses, sighs and then goes on. MRS. MACBRIDE (cont'd) Now I can't get the dog to leave, here. Perhaps it is for the best. I've not money enough to afford a grave watcher.
2) 7) dialog: They're uncommon bold, the grave robbers -- and the daft doctors who drive them on.
2) 9) dialog: A doctor?
4) 1) text: FULL SHOT -- Before the imposing edifice which houses Dr MacFarlane's living quarters as well as his school of anatomy, the cab, drawn by the white horse, pulls up. The driver begins to alight from the box. He climbs down, and starts for the cab door. CLOSE SHOT -- Gray as he opens the door. Gray is a man of middle years with keen, darting eyes set in a face lined furrowed by an evil life. The quick play of his features he talks or smiles can form a moving and deceptive mask. that now as he opens the door, smiling, to help his passengers alight, his face is cringing with good humor a servility. From the cab steps a young and lovely woman dressed in becoming widow's weeds. This is Mrs. Marsh. She reaches t sidewalk, turns back for the other occupant of the cab. T is a little girl of about eight, dressed in a flower-spri Kate Greenway gown and a poke bonnet to match. Gray forestalls her.
4) 5) text: Would you mind carrying her up the steps? Mrs. Marsh reaches for the wheel-chair. FULL SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh takes the wheel-chair up the two steps. Gray follows carrying the child. He sets the child tenderly in the wheel-chair, smiling as he does so.
5) 0) text: Mrs. Marsh has used the door knocker. Now in response the door is opened by a handsome woman of thirty-five, Meg Cameron.
5) 1) dialog: I would like to see Dr. MacFarlane. Meg gives Mrs. Marsh a quick look and then turns to look Gray. A glance passes between them; a glance which tells previous acquaintance, yet neither speaks. He turns and g down the steps. Silently, Meg opens the door and allows M Marsh to push Georgina's wheel chair through into the hal
6) 0) text: Georgina's wheel chair is pushed into this gloomy and forbidding entry. Meg closes the door behind them, then without further word, strides down the hall. Mrs. Marsh a the little girl wait and look around. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina. With great wide eyes the child lo around at the antlered stag head, the cruel-looking walki sticks in the umbrella stand and the light-footed Mercury with caduceus upraised. The caduceus throws its patterned shadow across the child's face. CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Georgina and Mrs. Marsh. Mrs. Marsh see the fright in the child's face and reassuringly pats her shoulder. There is the sound of a door opening and they b look off in that direction. MED. FULL SHOT -- The doorway to the sitting room, SHOOTI PAST Georgina and her mother. Framed in this doorway is t tall, robust figure of Dr. Douglas MacFarlane, a man in t prime of life, dressed with almost flamboyant foppishness carrying himself with the assurance that the world is not only his oyster, but that he has it pinned on a fork and swallow it and digest it with pleasure. THREE SHOT -- Georgina, Mrs. Marsh and Dr. MacFarlane.
6) 1) dialog: (rising) Dr. MacFarlane? He half-bows in acknowledgment. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) I'm Mrs. Marsh -- this is my daughter -- Georgina. She fumbles in her reticule and pulls forth an unsealed letter which she passes to the doctor. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) Dr. Maximillian of Leyden asked me to present this to you. He thought you might examine my little girl. While she is speaking, Dr. MacFarlane has opened the miss
6) 3) dialog: No. It was an accident.
7) 0) text: Although it is late afternoon the lamps have been lit in part of the house. Mrs. Marsh wheels the chair into the middle of the room and then stands to one side so that Dr MacFarlane can examine the child. Meg Cameron stands by t window.
7) 2) dialog: No, Doctor. She seemed to get better, then about six months later she began to complain of pain in her back --
7) 4) dialog: Nearly a year.
7) 6) dialog: Yes, Doctor.
7) 8) dialog: It comes at intervals. They used to be months apart -- but they've been growing more frequent -- (catch in her voice) much more frequent.
7) 13) text: (angrily to Mrs. Marsh) This is useless, ma'am. He leaves the sentence unfinished and goes toward the cen of the room. Mrs. Marsh leans down beside the chair. TWO SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh and Georgina.
7) 14) dialog: Please, darling, don't be so stubborn. Georgina darts a glance in MacFarlane's direction.
7) 29) dialog: A carriage overturned. My husband was killed and Georgina was hurt.
7) 31) dialog: Three years.
9) 0) text: MacFarlane is walking back to where Mrs. Marsh stands. In the b.g. Fettes can be seen as he buttons up the little girl's dress, picks her up in his arms and brings her bac the wheel chair. MacFarlane comes over to Mrs. Marsh. TRUCKING SHOT of MacFarlane.
9) 2) dialog: But can anything be done for her?
9) 4) dialog: (eagerly) And you will try -- you will operate? CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane. He is silent; thinking. MED. FULL SHOT. MacFarlane silently turns away from Mrs. Marsh and goes to his desk. Having reached it, he turns a faces her again.
9) 6) dialog: But, Doctor, in Leyden -- in Paris - wherever I've taken Georgina -- they've mentioned your name. I've come to think of you as our only hope. MacFarlane looks at her, takes a step closer to her and speaks very sincerely.
9) 8) dialog: But, Doctor, surely in a case like this -- a child -- a little child who can never walk or run --
9) 10) dialog: There's nothing I can say for one small child?
20) 0) text: Mrs. Marsh sits there. Broad beams of sunlight flood in f the front windows. She is speaking with Meg Cameron. Meg standing looking down at her.
20) 2) dialog: I've already told you I didn't come to see Dr. MacFarlane.
20) 4) dialog: (rising) Good morning, Mr. Fettes. Fettes bows formally. It is obvious he is pleased, yet ve puzzled to see her. He comes down and takes her hand.
20) 6) dialog: (impulsively) I want you to help my little girl.
20) 8) dialog: Georgina told me how kind you were to her. It gave me hope you might intercede for us with Dr. MacFarlane.
20) 10) dialog: Did he tell you about Georgina? Fettes nods. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) Then he must have told you that this disease is progressive -- that it will grow worse -- that soon she will not be able to move at all. Fettes nods again. Mrs. Marsh lays her hand on his arm an looks directly into his eyes. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) And you won't ask him to help?
20) 12) dialog: Ask this one favor --
20) 14) dialog: Georgina was right. You are a kind man. She extends her hand and Fettes takes it.
22) 3) dialog: (as she passes him) They killed his wee doggie too -- little Robbie. (passes on) CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes as he watches Mrs. MacBride. From behind him comes the sound of the street singer's song.
27) 1) dialog: You have his promise, then?
27) 3) dialog: (almost breathing the words) -- pain -- and shock. She's brave enough, but I don't know about myself. Now that it seems so close, I wonder if I dare trust my child into any but God's hands. Maybe He knows best.
27) 5) dialog: (sincerely) Thank you, Mr. Fettes. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina. Seated in her little wheel chair, she is cuddling a porcelain-faced doll of the peri Suddenly she hears something in the street far below. It the clop-clop of horse's hoofs and the ringing of wheels the cobble stones. She looks up and tries to raise hersel in her wheel chair to see over the parapet. She is unable do so. She calls out to her mother.
27) 11) dialog: A cabby told her his horse would say "hello" to her the next time he saw her. Georgina has been looking everywhere for that horse. Fettes looks at the child, smiling, then leans down so as bring himself on a level with her.
27) 17) dialog: (not knowing the direction or purpose of Fettes' conversation; breaks in) Really, Mr. Fettes -- I thought you at least would know how much Georgina wants that. Fettes nods.
43) 0) text: It is a bright afternoon and there is no fire on the hear Mrs. Marsh is seated on the sofa and Meg sits beside her. tea service on a small table is between them. Georgina's empty wheel-chair is in evidence.
43) 2) dialog: I couldn't swallow it. She makes a nervous desperate gesture with her handkerchi glances wildly at the clock. MRS. MARSH (cont'd) How long has it been? Meg Cameron also glances at the clock.
43) 4) dialog: (desperately echoing) Only twenty minutes.
47) 0) text: The doctor, Fettes, Mrs. Marsh and Georgina are all toget Georgina is seated in her little wheelchair. The doctor stands before her, looming above her, glowering with ill concealed rage. Fettes kneels at the side of the wheelcha while Mrs. Marsh sits nervously perched on the sofa.
47) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, Doctor. Georgina's a good child -- a brave child -- you saw how she was during the operation -- but if she can't move, she can't move.
47) 10) dialog: (shaking her head) She would if she could.
55) 2) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
55) 5) dialog: Left Dr. MacFarlane? Fettes nods. Mrs. Marsh looks at him and then takes his elbow.
55) 6) dialog: (to Georgina) Play by yourself a little. I'd like' to speak to Mr. Fettes. DOLLY SHOT - as Fettes and Mrs. Marsh walk slowly away fr Georgina.
55) 7) dialog: This is serious, Donald. What has happened? Fettes shakes his head.
55) 8) dialog: It's not because of Georgina -- because of Dr. MacFarlane's failure?
55) 12) dialog: I think it was the pain of the operation more than anything else -- she's afraid that if she stands the pain will come again. Nothing Dr. MacFarlane could ever do would take that out of her mind. CLOSE SHOT - Georgina. The hoof beats are beginning to recede. There is a slight wind blowing. She turns around look at her mother and calls again.