113) 0) text: The back doors blowing open as_ Jack and the DRIVER load Eddie onto a secured gurney. Wall mounted Medic kit is popped open. A saline drip is prepared. 90. Diane cuts off Eddie’s shirt and rolls him onto his side find the exit wound. Small, round burn marks made by cigarettes dot Eddie’s to Years of them. Diane flicks Jack a glance to make sure he seen them, then gets to work.
113) 1) dialog: I don’t know if I can fix this here. Takes Eddie’s hand, has him hold a piece of gauze over th hole while she grabs a syringe. Diane injects it into the wound and Eddie winces. Looking her more closely.
113) 3) dialog: (to Jack) You went to my apartment?
113) 8) dialog: That we’ve barely spoken in two years. That you were a self medicating, depressed individual. That you didn’t care anymore. About anything or anyone. beat) I told them the truth. Jack stares at the floor. Eddie very uncomfortable. DIANE (cont’d) What’d you do this time, Jack? 91.
113) 12) dialog: The bullet missed his carotid. I did what I could with the mess in there. He moves around too much I can’t promise it’1l hold. Ties it off and cuts. Dresses it. Slides over and takes Jack's hand. Undoing the wrap... DIANE (cont’d) He really shouldn’t be on his feet.
114) 0) text: Diane’s EMT truck pulls out of the warehouse and slides o Franklin. 92.
116) 0) text: Diane’s truck rolling to a stop in front of two unmarked POLICE CARS blocking the street. Frank Nugent and Jimmy Mulvey leaning against hoods. Nugent walking to her side of the truck as Mulvey covers driver's side. Diane rolls down her window, eyes showing surprise but no fear.
116) 2) dialog: Frank.
116) 4) dialog: Saving lives knows no boundaries. You should know that Frank. Nugent done being polite.
116) 6) dialog: What for? Nugent flings open the door and pulls her out of the truc Mulvey pulling the Driver out and taking his keys. All fo moving to the rear.
139) 0) text: White concrete buildings in the middle of nowhere surroun by acres of chain link fences and razor wire. The Visitors Yard is full of FAMILIES and INMATES. The HO SOUNDS ending visiting time. We spot Jack walking towards the gate with Diane. He looks healed and healthy, having dropped a few pounds. She holds his hands and looks at hi with a mixture of worry and pride.
139) 2) dialog: I do. He makes me happy, Jack.
139) 4) dialog: We both decided the wedding can wait till you get out.
139) 6) dialog: See you next month.