9) 0) text: The thick steel door of cell number 6 rolls open and reve EDDIE BUNKER, fringe phayer and all around fuck up sittin his underwear. Mid 20’s, he appears quite comfortable lik is.
9) 2) dialog: Grey one. Two buttons, cuffs on the pants.
9) 6) text: I’m supposed to have a suit. It was part of the arrangement. Jerks Eddie to his feet.
9) 9) dialog: That suit’s kinda important to me. Jack ignores Eddie and CUFFS him. A WIZENED FACE pushes h head against the bars of the opposite cell and looks pleadingly at Eddie.
10) 0) text: The curb jammed with Black and Whites and unmarked Police cars. Jack pulls Eddie down the sidewalk, checking key ta against license plates. Eddie noticing the hitch in Jack’s walk.
10) 1) dialog: Got a little limp there. Jack keeps walking in stony silence, the shrunken blood vessels in his head starting to throb. Unlocks the back d of a crap-brown Impala and shoves Eddie’s head down and through the door.
11) 0) text: Standard issue with a sliding fiberglass partition separa front from back, which is open. Eddie settles in.
11) 1) dialog: These cars never change. Same drive shaft hump in the middle. Same smell. Pinesol and wet dog. Jack pops the car in gear throwing Eddie back against the seat before he can finish.
13) 0) text: Jack flips down the visor and weaves the car towards West Broadway. Sneaks a look at Eddie in the rearview. Kid scribbling something in his book. Cutting cars off trying to make the light. Which he doesn’t. Gridlock at Baxter and West Broadway pu the Impala at a dead stop. The LED clock on the dash read 8:06 They sit in silence for a minute. Eddie’s mind whirring away. Leans forward.
13) 1) dialog: You're driving along in a hurricane. You_pass a bus stop with three people waiting there. An old lady who’s about to die, our best friend who saved your life once and the woman of your dreams. You only have room to take one. What do you do? Jack TURNS UP THE RADIO pretending he didn’t hear it. EDDIE (cont’d) It’s an ancient question that’s supposed to tell you what kind of person you are inside. {beat) Who do you take? Jack HITS THE ACCELERATOR and hangs a sharp left down a alley. Weaving around delivery trucks and Sanitation bins tossing Eddie back and forth across the seat. Cuts across a...
15) 0) text: Jack looks back at Eddie through the mirror, the kid stil waiting for an answer.
15) 1) dialog: The old lady, right? I mean she won’t make it if you leave her. But that sounds obvious. Kid’s not going give up.
15) 3) dialog: It’s hypothetical. Pretend.
15) 5) dialog: Okay. (beat) They say your soul’s not intact until you know the answer. Eddie sits back and looks out the window, pondering the estion. Oblivious to his circumstances. Which bugs Jack or some reason.
15) 7) dialog: Give me? 10.
15) 9) dialog: Oh, Dropped the charges. Anda suit. Which I didn’t get thanks to you.
15) 11) dialog: It’s all I wanted. And I’m not a rat. I’m a conduit of information. That’s what they said.
15) 13) dialog: Could be a Vole. They look like rats from far away. hen you get closer and you realize it isn’t one. Jack stares at the kid then pushes through a yellow light faking a right onto Lafayette. Never noticing the Black Econoline Van staying close behind them.
17) 0) text: Jack looking impatient. Eyes searching the sidewalks for something. Eddie SEES the top of a MASSIVE GRANITE BUILDI 12 blocks away.
17) 1) dialog: That it? Jack ignores him. Spots what he’s looking for. EDDIE (cont’d) If you knew all the crazy stuff that happened to me in the past couple months... See I just never watched for the signs. Never knew to look for ‘em.
17) 2) text: il. EDDIE (cont’d) Then when I started, everything fell into place. Even when it made no sense. Like yesterday. All bad. (beat) But I’m right where I’m supposed to be. You believe that? Jack double parks the Impala on the west side of the stre and shuts off the engine.
17) 4) dialog: Where ya going? Eddie looks across the street at the Liquor Store then to dashboard clock. 8:09 EDDIE (cont’d) I got an appointment after court. Gotta be there by noon.
17) 6) dialog: You’re not the regular guy who does this, are you?
17) 8) dialog: I don’t think you’re supposed to stop.
20) 0) text: Eddie stares out his window then checks the dashboard clo Edgy all of a sudden.
20) 1) dialog: He’s not the right guy. Not sensing the Black Econoline Van pulling up directly. behind the Impala, throwing a shadow through the back win
23) 0) text: Eddie Bunker looks around trying to see where the hell Ja is. Checks the clock again. Slides to the passenger door and tries to open it. NO DOOR HANDLE. Starts over the partition when then HEARS a TAPPING on the street-side window. 13. Falls back to see some WILD HAIRED Russian Man peering inside. Smiling as he motions Eddie to roll down the wind Eddie sliding over and looking for the button.
25) 0) text: Eddie gestures to the Russian to_try the door. HEARING SHOUTS: turning to see the Wiry Russian SCREAMING at his other. Looking back in time to see the TECH-9 PRESSED TO THE GLA
27) 1) text: Eddie hugging the back floorboards.
27) 2) dialog: WHAT’S HAPPENING?! Jack beneath the steering wheel, fumbling for the RADIO. Dropping it as SLIVERS OF GLASS RAIN DOWN ON HIM. Reachin up and turning the key. Heart hammering through his ribs. Gets the key in the ignition and throws the Impala in reverse, pressing his hand on the accelerator... The Impa SLAMMING INTO THE Russian, knocking him six feet... Jack up into the drivers seat, throws it into drive and accelerates towards Spring Street.
29) 0) text: Rolling to a stop half-way up the block... Jack trying to locate the Russian through cracked windows smoke, PEOPLE obscuring his vision. Grabbing for his gun and realizing it’s gone. KICKS OPEN THE PASSENGER DOOR, stays low and RIPS OPEN TH BACK DOOR. Eddie Bunker balled up on the floor, clutching his book. Pulls the kid onto the sidewalk as the street swims with PEOPLE and movement.
29) 1) dialog: Across the sidewalk and down a service alley as fast as Jack’s bad leg can take them... Coming out into another alley... Eyes trying to focus, operating on pure instinct Spotting the Van on Lafayette, doors open and no one inside... The crazy Russian out here somewhere... Over a small cinder block wall and into a...
30) 0) text: Just off the sidewalk. Cramped makeshift office with a ga window and door-less entrance. Jack grabbing the rotary phone. FREEZING when he spots HIM coming fast across the street. Backlit by the rising sun. Hand already reaching behind h back, the skinny MAN zeroed in on Jack. Pushing Eddie to the floor as the Man pulls his hand from behind his back and aims... a parking ticket in Jack’s fa
31) 0) text: Jack pulls Eddie across the street, adrenaline surging. Hitting the sidewalk and heading south. Jack suddenly realizing that Eddie is gone. Turning to se Eddie running back towards the commotion. Cars swerving around the kid. Jack heading after him, screaming. Eddie stopping to avoid a taxi, Jack just about there whe Eddie bends down and retrieves the notebook he dropped.
32) 0) text: Jammed with liquor boxes piled too high to be safe. The ALARM wailing... Jack pushing Eddie towards a curtained doorway when suddenly a baseball bat flies through it, missing Jack’s head by millimeters, smashing into a crate Merlot. Jack grabbing the bat and pulling DOMINIC FORLINI, the wh haired 77 year old bar owner through it. Surprised and shocked by the sight of Jack.
32) 7) dialog: I am! I swear! I don’t under-- Jack roughly hauls Eddie out of the booth and across the room...
32) 9) dialog: This is a mis-- Jack throws him into a booth left of the door and underne a large window.
33) 0) text: Moving with Jack and Eddie underneath scaffolding, past a empty loading dock to a set of cement steps leading to a basement door. Jack shaken...
33) 2) dialog: That big guy in there and his friend, the one whose picture the DA showed me. I saw them telling some Puerto Rican dude to get lost or they were gonna carve up his kids. Threatening him. That’s a . Jack’s mind beginning to clear.
34) 1) dialog: Don’t we need that?
35) 0) text: Street level. Jack pulling Eddie out of the service eleva and towards the door, badge in the air for the surprised OWNER to see. Calming him in halting Chinese. Stepping next to a SEAMSTRESS working in the window, peer out. No black van. No Russian. No Police... Jack unlocks Eddie’s cuffs. Whips off his shirt, tossing away. Just a T-shirt now. Hands Eddie a shirt from a cleaning bin.
36) 0) text: Eddie steps into the street and starts South, Jack three steps behind, the two weaving through the crowds. Eddie, cieaning bag giung over his shoulder, hugging the shadows the building facades. Jack’s eyes darting everywhere. PATROL CARS from Mid-Town South, 1st and the 5th cruise b from side streets. None of it seems to bother Eddie, walk down West Broadway with a coolness in his step.
36) 2) dialog: I just saw his picture on the table. They never said he was police.
38) 0) text: Jack and Eddie approaching Broome, foot traffic thinning. Eddie walking more relaxed. Jack just off his left should Eddie slowing to look in store windows as they go.
38) 2) dialog: You said go easy.
38) 4) dialog: Slow, fast. You have no idea what you're doing, do you? (beat) I’m sure you_have your good qualities. But ever since I met You nothing’s gone right, So TI ave to consider the possibility that I’m with the wrong gy: mean look at you. Out o teath, hungover, and a leg that’s gonna ive out any secon You were a orse, they’d shoot ya. No offense.
38) 6) dialog: I cease and desisted being that guy a while ago.
38) 8) dialog: Look. This is a big day for me. I need to be at a certain place by noon or I can’t get what I’m destined to have. And in order to get there by noon I have to be inished in court by ten. I can’t be late. Jack’s not hearing a thing. Eyes now searching the street Start of the day FOOT TRAFFIC making it hard to spot trou Suddenly realizing Eddie’s not talking and looks back. GONE. Head SPINNING in every direction. Nothing. Then a TAPPING SOUND on glass. Sees Eddie waving from inside... INT. CAMMERANO’S BAKERY Ricotta cheesecakes, cannoli shells, sheets of Prato cook fill display cases. White cake boxes with customer names stacked against the back wall. FAT ITALIAN WOMEN with the stockings rolled down picking up orders from MAMA CAMMERA BELLS above the door RINGING as Jack slides into the crow store and hovering near the front window watching the str scene unfold. COPS in BLUE fanning out across West Broadw
38) 9) dialog: When you go in for your leg, get your eyes checked too. Jack watches their movements over the top of Wedding Cake Eddie sliding to the cake display near the back, captivat by the elaborate cakes. GRANDMA CAMMERANO eyes him suspiciously. EDDIE (cont’d) You make all these here? Insulted, Grandma spits something in Italian and gestures towards the back.
39) 0) text: Steel tables and racks of delicacies. LARGE MEN hand stir large vats of batter and pull freshly baked bread from br ovens. Against the far wall a beautiful 19 year old ITALI GIRL meticulously decorates a sheet cake. At least attemp to. 27. Mama Cammerano’s son, ALFONSE (40’s) leans against her, ressing his sweaty body against hers, pretending to be interested in her artwork, furry hands smoothing out her apron in inappropriate places. Suddenly Eddie’s face appears over his shoulder.
39) 1) dialog: Never seen a border like that. Very inventive. You do all the cakes here? Alphonse has to step away. The Girl looks at Eddie, a shy but dazzling smile of thanks.
39) 3) dialog: That’s right. FDA approved. This here is a spot check. (holds up notebook) Pon t make me put you down in my ook. Eddie looks around the place then starts around the table picking up an icing tube as he goes. Slowly strolls behin iphonse, making the man nervous, appearing on the other side. EDDIE (cont’d) When’s the last time you disinfected your utensils? Or those guys had showers? Huh? Better get your act together my man. Alfonse is flustered and strides towards the front. Only do we see the back of his jacket. The word ASS scripted o in powder blue icing. The Italian girl stifling her GIGGL EDDIE (cont’d) Well he is. (beat) You don’t need have to put up with that crap. Sue him for harassment. Besides, you got talent. You could work anyplace. And I should know.
39) 6) dialog: ... this one’s kinda elaborate. So I seal it first with a glaze. Gives you a stronger canvas. Then I use butter cream instead of shortening. She’s not looking at the page. Just at Eddie. Not understanding a thing but enjoying his enthusiasm. EDDIE {cont’d) (flipping the page) On this one I took --- Eddie jerked away towards service door by Jack. Looking b for oné last look at the smiling girl.
40) 0) text: Narrow and crammed. Jack pulling Eddie close.
40) 2) dialog: Know what that is? Jack says nothing. EDDIE (cont'd) It’s a sign. (beat You know how long I’ve been looking for a place that sells this particular buttercream? Well the irl in there uses the same uttercream. Gives me their card. That bakery, that girl, this moment. What are the odds?
40) 4) dialog: I’m just following the signs Jack. I_just can’t figure how you fit in all this. INT. CAMMERANO’S BAKERY Alfonse scrubs the icing from his sport coat as Torres an TWO UNIFORMS enter. They walk over to the Italian Girl wh slides her cake into the display. Torres asking her the question. The Italian Girl not understanding. 29.
41) 0) text: Torres stepping out into the narrow delivery way. Looks right then left. No Jack or Eddie.
42) 0) text: Jack limps up a back set of stairs as fast as his broken can take him. Eddie staying a few steps in front, taking slow on purpose. EDDIE ; What’s interesting in all this is cops always stick together. eat So I’m wondering why you’re not? Jack hurrying to the next floor, too winded to say anythi
43) 3) dialog: Step aside and let a pro handle this.
44) 3) dialog: Yeah, well if I had more time... Jack pushes past him as Eddie takes in the surroundings. Neat, functional and clean. EDDIE (cont’d) Woman. About your age. Works. (touches a half-dead plant) A lot. Nothing of any real value. Jack not listening. Rummaging through the living room closet. Comes out empty handed.
44) 5) dialog: Guess you haven’t been here in a while. You and the lady on the outs? Eddie moving to the hallway now. Spots pictures lining on of the walls.
44) 7) dialog: So that’s what you look like when you smile. (beat) Your lady’s pretty, Jack. Eddie eyes drift into the bathroom. Toilet seat up. Man’s razor on the sink. Uh oh. Eddie quietly lowers the seat a hides the razor so Jack doesn’t see. Walks into the bedro and slides open the closet. Men’s clothing. Shuts it just as Jack walks in. EDDIE (cont'd) Nothing here. Maybe-- Jack flinging it open. Stares at the clothes, a flash of hurt and sadness appears on his face then it quickly disappears. Leans down into the back of the closet and finally reemer with a dust covered .38 and a box of shells. Eddie watche Jack stare uncomfortably at the clothes for a beat. 31. EDDIE (cont’d) Sorry.
45) 5) dialog: I gotta pee. Should I go now or hold it?
47) 0) text: Service doors to the street BANG OPEN and Jack hits the sidewalk. No sign of Eddie. MOVING with Jack as he crosse Delancey, down a cross-town alley and out onto Bowery. Looking into the SEA OF PEOPLE on their way to work. No w to spot him in this. Trying to think now... INT. NUGENT’S CAR - SAME TIME Nugent shotgun. Mulvey driving. RADIO open as a COMMUNICATIONS TECHNICIAN triangulates the cell phone sig over the radio from One Police Plaza.
47) 2) dialog: Moving QUICKLY down Bowery. Swallowed up by the CROWDS, e straight ahead, notebook under his arm. But the distant SOUNDS of police SIRENS and the inability see past the PEOPLE in front of him puts him on edge.
48) 0) text: Eddie races down the steps and JUMPS IN LINE to buy a tok EYES TAKING EVERYTHING IN. Behind him a weary WOMAN COMMUTER, with a defeated, world-won’t stop-kicking my-as face, grumbles at the line’s slowness. TWO UNIFORMED COPS coming down the stairs and STOPPING, RADIOS SQUAWKING. Eddie wishing the line to MOVE faster, a tuning fork of nerves. Steps to the window, a TRANSIT COP RIGHT NEXT TO HIM...
48) 1) dialog: One please. And realizes... he has no money. Looks back at the faces impatient COMMUTERS. TRANSIT COP EYES Eddie. Steps out of line looking for a place to go. Thinks about jumping a turnstile but ANOTHER TRANSIT COP hovers just on the other side. PEOPLE pushing past him to make the next train. SEEING the UNIFORMS begin to scan th COMMUTERS... The SUBWAY CLOCK announcing it’s... 35. 8:31 HEART POUNDING... Then NOTICES the Woman Commuter scoopin 30 tokens into her hands and heading for the turnstile. S FUMBLES and DROPS ALL THIRTY TOKENS on the ground. One ro across the cement floor right to Eddie... Who steps on it. Looks at_ the harried Woman as PEOPLE push past her witho even a glance. The Woman gathers up the tokens and starts for the turnstiles. Eddie not moving a muscle, foot cover the valuable token. Watching the Woman inch closer to the gate. Struggling with something and mumbling to himself.. EDDIE (cont’d) Always do what you’ve always done... Lifts his foot, grabs the token, walks up and hands it to EDDIE (cont/d) Ma’‘am? You missed this one. WOMAN — You want a friggin’ reward? The Woman pushes through the turnstile. Eddie watches her go, eyes falling to the ground.. and to the glint inside right pants cuff... where a single token rests.
48) 4) dialog: No. Jack pressing his .38 to Eddie’s kidney. Which doesn’t se to bother Eddie. EDDIE (cont’d) You gonna shoot me? (beat) That bullet back there missed my head by less than an inch. It was a sign. (beat) : And in case you didn’t notice, I didn’t start being target practice until I hooked up with you. 36.
48) 6) dialog: You’re a nice man, Jack. But I have to follow my signs. And you, are a big, fat DETOUR sign. (beat) You’re the wrong guy, Jack. It’s not your fault. The D train SQUEALS into the station. Eddie and Jack JOST as COMMUTERS surge forward. Jack SHOUTING over the SCREECHING BREAKS.
49) 0) text: Jack and Eddie BURST from the subway entrance and into th street, Jack trying to flag down a cab. Eddie shaken, nothing making sense.
49) 1) dialog: I don’t get this...
49) 3) dialog: Back in the apartment. What did that_gquy mean when he said you should do what you always do? Jack watching for a cab. Knowing they’re seconds away fro being trapped. EDDIE (cont’d) You knew him.
49) 5) dialog: {to himself) Cause they were bad. And you’re not. (putting it together) I could have gotten the other guy. The cop who woulda looked the other way. me of them. But I didn’t... Eddie races up to Jack and hugs him. Tight. EDDIE (cont’d) I got ou! I was meant to get you. It’s all happening. Just ina different order.
50) 0) text: Jack and Eddie pile into the back seat. Cab smelling like ptale air freshener, open partition separating front from ack,
50) 3) dialog: Funny what the signs look like sometimes. (MORE)
50) 5) text: EDDIE (cont'd) You think it might be a voice from heaven or a glow that lights your way. Or a piece of paper that floats into your hand with the answer on it. (beat) But sometimes it_can be a miserable, crumpled, bum-legged cop with a drinking problem. And I almost didn’t see it. (beat) You’re the guy, Jack.
51) 2) dialog: Ideas and stuff. 39.
51) 4) dialog: Cakes.
51) 6) dialog: Birthday cakes. Tm o) ening a bakery in Seattle. nly ibicthday cakes though. A sp cia ty store. There’s big money Pn cakes. Dead serious.
51) 8) dialog: Funny. When’s your birthday? I/11 send you one. Jack shaking his head, chuckling to himself. EDDIE (cont’d) What?
51) 10) dialog: No, what?
51) 12) dialog: I only robbed Beauty Salons.
51) 14) dialog: They’re all the same. Sinks in the back. Chairs in the front. Register in the corner. No surprises. 40.
51) 16) dialog: And you know everything, right?
51) 20) dialog: MacDonald I think. Starts to dial... and suddenly freezes. Staring at the Phone.
52) 0) text: Jack walking along side Eddie. Tense and ready as they approach Grand. Suddenly pulling Eddie into
53) 1) dialog: Jesus... Jack stepping back, just now noticing the vast array of clocks a flashing the same time: 8:40 Moving back to the door and stopping, face draining. Two j A thir more COPS appear just outside. d, ORTIZ, already coming through the door...
54) 1) dialog: A few more seconds I woulda had that one. 42. Moving to the edge and looking down. Five stories below Nugent’s COPS grid searching the area. Jack and Eddie mov parallel above them. Up a four rung ladder and onto the adjoining roof. Jack struggles to keep pace, his limp more pronounced. EDDIE (cont’d) You should get that looked at. Jack gritting his teeth and walking. EDDIE (cont’d) Had a friend who iimped just like that. Never had it looked at. Just limped around. Finally got too much and went to the doctor. Fracture. Only now it’s infected. They cut it off. Right above the nee. Jack glares at Eddie. EDDIE (cont’d) No, it was a good thing. No more pain. Even better no more second story work. Lives in gersey now. Motorman on a PATH train. i whole life changed for the better. (beat) Everything happens for a reason.
54) 3) dialog: No getting around what’s supposed to be. It’s gonna happen anyway so you might as well enjoy the journey. Destiny, Jack. (beat) Ever hear that Samarra story? Jack’s too slow to stop him. EDDIE (cont’d) Guy sends his servant to the market for some fruit. The servant comes back white as a ghost. Tells the guy that Death bumped into him and gave him a strange look. I gotta go to Samarra and hide, he says. So he takes off to Samarra. Later the gry goes to the market and sees Death. He asks Death why he bumped into his servant and gave him a strange look. Death says, “I didn’t mean to. (MORE)
54) 4) text: EDDIE (cont’d) I was ust surprised to see him here when I knew I had an appointment with him tonight... in Samarra.” Eddie waits the required length for a dramatic pause. EDDIE (cont’d) See? You can’t cheat destiny. The bullet blows through Jack’s right hand before the SHO HEARD. Jack falling to his knees, catching sight of MALDONADO on far roof in front of them, already on his ceil. Eddie helping Jack to his feet and dragging him back. Ove the facade to the next roof. Stopping as KALLER climbs on the roof 60 yards in front of them. Now moving for rear of their roof, blood seeping out of Jack’s palm.
54) 6) dialog: ‘ump ! Jack hesitates. EDDIE (cont’d) C’mon!
54) 8) text: Jack on his feet, glaring at Eddie. About to start down w a second floor window is blasted out. ORTIZ scrambling ou gate the second floor fire escape, 9mm poised to end it r ere. Jack shoving Eddie back against the wall. Looking up at t roof. The pigeons lining the facade, staring at their per Pinned down and seconds away from being shredded. Jack following Eddie’s eyes down four stories to a large dumpster. Too far, too small and too dark inside to know what’s in there. JACK (cont’d) You live it’1l be as a vegetable. Eddie stuffs his notebook in his pants. Stares closely at the dumpster. JACK (cont’d) Don’t even think about it.
54) 9) dialog: It’s right below_us. What are the odds of that? It’s a sign.
54) 11) dialog: We can make it. JACK. There’s no we in this. Just--
54) 12) dialog: I can’t be late, Jack. And he JUMPS. Sailing four stories, outstretched arms flapping through space - Thudding hard into the dumpster. WHOOSHING SOUND followed by a time delayed eruption of... Feathers, Thousands of white and red chicken feathers pluming into the air, Jack staring in disbelief.
55) 0) text: Eddie pushing away the floating feathers and looking up a Jack’s body hurdles down, slamming onto another sack of chicken feathers that explode around them. 4s. Jack looking at the fluttering life savers in disbelief. first trace of a bewildered smile. Eddie scrambling to th edge and jumps to the ground as Jack pulls himself out.
55) 1) dialog: Don’t be so negative next time.
56) 0) text: Security doors blasting open revealing a jong corridor. J and Eddie moving quickly down it, blood still dripping fr Jack’s hand. Stepping through the first door and into...
57) 0) text: A thousand chickens crammed into wire cages stacked one o top of another to the ceiling. In the middle a steel tabl awash in sticky blood attached to a conveyor belt. The SCREECHES bouncing off the sheet metal walls is DEAFENING Eddie covering his ears, just now noticing the large plas bin overflowing with chicken heads.
57) 1) dialog: McNuggets... INT. BUTCHER’ S ROOM Two dozen LABORERS in bloodied aprons pluck, gut and clea the mounds of chickens and ducks. Large plastic barrels overflowing with feathers and entrails. ack and Eddie moving right through. Laborers never looking up.
61) 0) text: Jack and Eddie move through an underground city. An entir are block of basements connected by door-size holes blasted through cinder block and sheetrock walls. Each on operating illegal businesses beneath the streets. Jack pulling Eddie across a CHINESE GAMBLING DEN crowded Fan Tan and craps tables towards the door size hole in th opposite wall.
61) 2) dialog: How far do these go?
63) 2) dialog: How’d you know about this place?
63) 5) dialog: You missed. BLAM! Another slug blisters through the wall just above Eddie’s head. Jack glaring at Eddie.
63) 12) dialog: Got to find something to work with. It’s rusted pretty good. On the other side of the wall Nugent sits up, sensing something.
63) 23) text: NUGENT (cont'd) Clear cases and put bad guys away no matter what it takes. I give them justice. Jack looking at Eddie working frantically. Both men stall for time... NUGENT (cont’d) Course Teddy A never understood that.
63) 28) dialog: I got it! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! The EXPLOSIONS OF GUN FIRE strafe the room. The flimsy walls shredded from both sides. Jack crawling through the dust and debris, flopping into elevator cagé next to Eddie. Kicking the handle to send t rickety cagé up as bullets ricochet from all directions. Nugent and Mulvey step through the shredded sheet rock as Torres and Ortiz barge in from the other side. Seeing the service elevator rising. FIRING futilely at the cast iron base disappearing into the ceiling. Mulvey already on his radio...
65) 1) dialog: Someone’s using this guy’s place to store their shit.
65) 6) dialog: We’1l be gone in a minute. (beaty I’m Eddie.
65) 8) dialog: Hi Sam. Lemme ask you something. You're driving in a hurricane... Jack moves toward the back, dialing the phone.
65) 10) dialog: So who would you take? Sam’s eyes sparkle to life. He reaches over and turns a picture frame in Eddie’s direction. A creased snapshot of young WOMAN standing in front of a massive, ornate CLOCK. Eddie stares at the photo then to Sam. EDDIE (cont/’d) phe girl of your dreams. You take er? Now peering through a dirty window. Uniformed POLICE wand the block, blue barricades lining the curb. Jack not understanding. A VOICE on the other end of the phone.
67) 10) dialog: What about him?
67) 12) dialog: He opened the door.
67) 14) dialog: He never opens the door. That’s what he said. But today he did. When we needed him to. It’s a sign. (beat) . We’re supposed to help him. He can’t stay here.
67) 16) dialog: Think you're tough shit pickin’ on a little old man? Well I’m standing right here and I don’t see you doing something about that. So you must be a pussy. Jack’s shoulders slump. Ong whips out a six inch blade an moves for Eddie. WHAM! Ong’s arm snaps like a twig, Jack’ move so quick and so jarring, the pain hasn’t even regist yet. The thumb to the windpipe does, sending Ong to the ground gasping for air. Jack already to the .38 , spinning and SPLITTING OPEN the Partner’s nose before his weapon Clears his beit. The two writhing on the floor in massive pain. Jack clutching his hand, nauseous from the pain, kneels d and confiscatés ID’s from both.
67) 18) text: JACK (cont'd) Anything happens to that man, he gets so much as a cold, and I will tell Tommy Chan the two of you are my stoolies. Frightened look from Ong as Jack shows his badge. JACK (cont’d) You know what Tommy Chan did to the last rat he caught? Cut the bastards head off and mailed it to his mother. Eddie leans in.
67) 19) dialog: And two hundred dollars a month. Under the door. Cash. (off Jack’s look) They shoved him in a corner like he was an animal. Used his place. They should pay him rent for that. Jack looks at Eddie differently this time. The slightest trace of a smile. Turns to the broken men.
68) 0) text: Jack and Eddie descending, eyes and ears open. Jack’s lim more pronounced.
68) 1) dialog: You were going to walk out and leave him there.
68) 3) dialog: You sound like your friend down there. That one stings.
68) 5) dialog: But you know what he did. What this is about, don’t you? It takes a while for Jack to answer. 61.
69) 0) text: Jack and Eddie moving across the deserted lobby and settl on either side of the front doors. The MUFFLED SOUNDS of procession growing LOUDER. Jack staring out into the chao Nervous time.
69) 1) dialog: You know they’re out there waiting. What are we going to do?
69) 3) dialog: What were you talking about with him in the basement. Something about a citizen. Jack’s eyes grow hard. They never leave the street as he speaks.
71) 0) text: Two stalls, a urinal and a rusty sink where Jack runs wat over his hand. Eddie standing on the toilet tank peering through a mesh grating that looks onto the street. EDDIE’S POV West Broadway and in particular a shoe shine stand across street that 1s presently unoccupied.
71) 2) dialog: Six blocks.
71) 4) dialog: They say there are no shortcuts to places worth going. Jack stuffing paper towels in his palm. Laughs. 64. EDDIE {cont’d) Someone’s going to help us, Jack. Don’t you worry.
71) 6) dialog: We’ll make it. And before ten. Cause I have to be -—
71) 8) dialog: A place. Got to pick up something. Cynical laugh from Jack. EDDIE (cont'd) It’s not what you think. I’ma baker Jack.
71) 10) dialog: Not just like that. It was a process. A journey. Because I followed the signs. (jumps back down) Like nine months ago I’m incarcerated. They throw this ancient guy in with me. Marvis. Has cancer in his throat, so he can hardly talk. But that first night he_ says something that started it all. “Says, “If you always do what you always done, you’ll always have what you always got”. (beat) Well I don’t like what I got. Thievin' gives me upset stomachs and I suck at it. Maybe I should try something else.
71) 12) dialog: Nope. Cakes. On the inside I’m known for my cakes. (MORE)
71) 13) text: EDDIE (cont'd) But as a goof, I start decorating them. Anything you could think of. Girlfriends. Cars. Gang logos. You name it. Find out I’m great at it. (beat) I got nothin’ but time so I do my due diligence and find you can make good money on birthday cakes. Kid ones. Put Barney or a Dragon Ball on one and whoosh, your mark-up is through the roof. Jack just staring at this kid. Nods for Eddie to check again, so he climbs back up and checks the shoe shine sta Empty. EDDIE (cont’d) Nothing. (beat) Anyway I get_out and start saving for my own place. I’m doin’ okay but I don’t see a bakery in m future any time soon. hich figure will cost thirty grand to get started. But I keep tellin’ myself do what you've always done, have what you always got (shrugs) I didn’t give up like I always did. I had faith for some reason. Then one amazing episode after another and I have the money. (beat) Why was that old guy was put in with me? It was a sign. And this time I didn’t miss it. We’ll be okay: Because I was meant to bake cakes. Eddie climbing to look again.
71) 15) dialog: People change Jack.
71) 17) dialog: Tall, skinny guy? 66.
72) 5) dialog: A guy saves your life you owe him. Therefore you take your best friend from that bus stop. 67.
72) 7) dialog: (slumping) No. Silence... Suddenly Eddie brightens. EDDIE (cont’d) Chuck Berry. (off Jack’s look) Was an armed robber. Went to prison. Jack looks completely confused. EDDIE (cont’d) You said nobody changes. He changed. Jack staring at Eddie. what? EDDIE (cont’d) at? JACK | . Nothing. I was just visualizing duct tape over your mouth. (beat)
76) 1) dialog: Barry White. (beat) Stole three hundred tires and went to jail. He changed too.
78) 0) text: Hot in here now. BRAKE LIGHTS on again as the car stops. Jack and Eddie back to back. Eddie humming.
78) 2) dialog: Sorry I’11 stop.
78) 4) dialog: The people on the bus go up and down, up and down...
78) 8) dialog: 
78) 11) dialog: Twenty-four.
78) 13) dialog: I guess.
78) 15) dialog: Okay it’s stupid. I won’t do it anymore.
78) 17) dialog: I heard you the first time. ike Wheels-On-The- Eddie moves away from Jack. Jack suddenly aware he’s hurt Eddie’s feelings.
78) 19) dialog: I’m not doing it anymore, okay? Just drop it. Car hits_a pot hole causing both to wince. badly. After some silence... Jack feeling 71.
80) 0) text: Nugent and company EMPTYING THEIR GUNS into the oncoming as it CAREENS OFF THE ALLEY WALLS, the Lincoln almost on of them. BLAM! The trunk cylinder BLOWN INTO THE AIR, trunk flying open. Jack and Eddie tumbling out of it and onto the pavement right before the Lincoln SLAMS INTO A GARBAGE BI Jack getting off THREE SHOTS before taking off. 72.
80) 1) dialog: Racing into the middle of Lafayette Street. MTA bus chugg through traffic just ahead. Nugent’s COPS flying onto the sidewalks. Jack breathing through his mouth, two heartbeats away fro heart attack. Knee buckling but keeps going: Closing on t bus. Catching up and banging on the door flashing his bad at the driver. Jack losing steam as the doors swing open. Eddie jumping then turning, hanging out the door, arm outstretched, grabbing Jack’s wrist.
81) 0) text: Eddie pulling Jack inside. Jack over to the driver, badge his face.
82) 0) text: Jack moves closer to the Driver. Eddie on his feet as the Bus starts to pull over.
87) 0) text: Frightened passengers line the windows. Jack moving up th aisie, Eddie like his shadow behind him.
87) 1) dialog: DON’T WORRY EVERYBODY. THIS MAN’S
90) 0) text: Jack and Eddie moving passengers to the back. Jack lookin at that Chinese Woman who’s face is stiff with fear. Mumbling a prayer only she can hear. Jack kneels, says something in Chinese. She looks up and suddenly seems calm. A VOICE booms through the bus. 76.
91) 0) text: Doors hiss shut. Eddie retrieves the radio and hands it t Jack. RADIO already CACKLING.
92) 0) text: Jack moves away. Every terrified face on the bus on him. Looks at his watch. 9:25 Jack sits. You can see all hope and desire ebb from his broken body. Eyes dim. Shoulders slump. Eddie sits next t him and puts his hand on Jack’s shoulder.
92) 1) dialog: They say in every adversity there’s seeds for a greater opportunity. Jack doesn’t respond. Just stares at the floor. Whatever fight that was left is long gone. 78. Eddie gets up and walks to the back window and peers out. Jack notices Eddie’s notebook on the seat beside him. Fli it open...
93) 0) text: Jack looking up_at Eddie. Differently this time. The kid consoling a LATINO WOMAN, that ever present smile soothin er. Jack’s eyes drifting to the radio on the seat across from him. Picks it up.
93) 6) dialog: He’s kidding. Jack clicks off the radio. Moves to back of bus. 79. EDDIE (cont’d) Bring the courthouse to us. That’s brilliant.
94) 2) dialog: Me? What for? 80.
94) 4) dialog: What are you doing?
94) 6) dialog: Why? They’re coming here, right? fou told them to bring everybody ere.
94) 8) dialog: What about testifying?
94) 10) dialog: What about making that guy pay? (beat) Don’t guit now, Jack. We’re a team. Maybe we’ re not seeing a sign we’re supposed to see. Maybe... But Jack’s already made up his mind, leading the line to front of the bus. 81.
97) 2) dialog: This isn’t the way it was supposed to be. Jack ignoring him. Tapping each passenger to signal they step out. Eddie sounding more like a child now, fear in h voice. EDDIE (cont’d) Listen_to me. I don’t want to leave like this. I--~- 82. Jack pulls Eddie into line, adjusts his tie.
97) 4) dialog: Jack. I need to tell you how much--
98) 0) text: Eddie stepping onto the street, hands shielding his eyes two SWAT OFFICERS swoop down, grab him by the arms and wh him away from the bus.
99) 0) text: Jack peering through a slit in the newspaper as Eddie is through the crowd. FOUR more PASSENGERS remain...
100) 0) text: Crammed and LOUD. Hastily set up area where HRT DETECTIVE interview the released passengers. Eddie’s dropped into t hands of a PLAINCLOTHES OFFICER.
100) 2) dialog: There a bathroom here?
101) 0) text: Eddie exits the shop through the service door and walks through a swarm of UNIFORMED POLICE miiling about. Onto t sidewalk, turns left and is swallowed up by the CROWD. 83.
101) 1) dialog: As he ducks under the yellow police tape as MORE SWAT rac past him. He’s free. But for some reason Eddie stops. Eyes the GIANT CLOCK abo the BANK: 9:29 Then taking in SWAT TEAMS getting ready to breach. Lookin to the solitary bus, the LAST TWO PASSENGERS stepping out safety and the doors hissing shut.
103) 0) text: SWAT MOVING like a well-oiled machine. Positions taken by STUN GRENADE MARKSMEN. Safeties are switched OFF, target sited... When out of nowhere EDDIE STEPS UNDER THE POLICE TAPE AND puto, THE INTERSECTION. Walking towards the bus, hands ov is head.
103) 1) dialog: HOLD IT! DON’T SHOOT YET! UTTER CONFUSION. COPS looking to OTHER COPS for instructions. RADIOS start CACKLING with CONFLICTING SHOU to STAND DOWN or GET HIM OUT OF THERE. CHAOS slowly ERUPTS The STAB being escorted to the Flower Shop trying to tell anyone who will listen that that’s his suit! But ALL EYES are on Eddie. NUGENT recognizing Eddie and racing to the line to get a SHOT. Eddie walking towards the bus, hands still in the air, IGNORING THE PANDEMONIUM around him. EDDIE (cont’d) | Don’t shoot! I forget something in there! 84. Ten yards away... Nugent PUSHING through the THRONGS, gun out of his holster. Taking AIM.... Then JOSTLED by SWAT w SWARM the intersection and try to get Eddie’s attention.
104) 0) text: Jack HEARING the COMMOTION and peering out to see what’s happening. All he can see are CONFUSED SWAT TEAMS moving into the intersection and SCREAMING at someone... Then BANGING on the bus DOORS. Jack looking over and seei a NOTEBOOK slide between the rubber sealers. The DOORS are PRIED OPEN and Eddie steps up into the bus.
104) 1) dialog: Almost forgot. You never told me what you wanted on your cake.
104) 3) dialog: Well I wanted to send you something. You know, to thank you for all you did for me. Jack is almost speechless.
104) 5) dialog: I never get away, Jack. You_saw my sheet. t least doing what I always did (beat) I just want to do what I said I’d do. So I don’t end up like I always have. Jack staring at the kid. Eddie staring right back. About say more... BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Windows imploding as gas canisters and stun grenades pierce the bus. Both hitting the floor. Jack crawling to the drivers seat starting the bus and hitting the accelerator.
107) 0) text: Eddie holding on as the bus lists from side to side. Jack tearing off a piece of a newspaper to see. Gaining speed Canal approaches. Both seeing the barricades for the firs time.
107) 2) dialog: Look for the signs. Bullets spray the inside of the bus. Ricochetting everywhere. Jack looking through the shattered windows an smoke for something. Anything. Eyes catching a metal sign on the side of a building stating: ALL DELIVERIES THIS WA And arrow pointing down a service alley.
109) 0) text: The_ alley opening approaching fast... and looking way to small. Eddie humming louder now. Turning away a split second before... 86.
111) 0) text: BUSINESSES and SHOPS emptying as PEDESTRIANS head north towards Canal to see the commotion. Eyes on the AVIATION UNITS circling the block. Jack and Eddie moving against the flow. The Courthouse ri there three blocks straight ahead and nothing in their wa Eddie clutching his coat tight. Jack still reeling. Thinking if Eddie didn’t come back... If he was on that b alone... 87. Eddie’s eyes seem different. Unfocused. His steps sluggis His notebook slips from his coat as they cross the intersection at Franklin. Jack looking back and spotting Eddie’s notebook flutterin the middle of Franklin. Looking up at the courthouse. Two blocks to go. Willing himself to ignore the book and keep going. Starting to walk faster...
111) 2) dialog: I think I got shot. Jack now seeing the blood seeping from Eddie’s neck. Grabbing him around the waist, pulling to his feet and towards the courthouse as Eddie hums.
112) 0) text: A massive, warehouse filled with used tires waiting to be melted down. Eddie lays alone in darkness. Jack’s shirt covers the wound but is now soaked in blood... The massive warehouse door is rolled open and Jack quickl moves to Eddie’s side. Presses on the shirt harder.
112) 2) dialog: I know the answer, Jack.
112) 4) dialog: Port Authority. Jack looks at Eddie, not understanding. EDDIE (cont’d) Locker there with thirty-two thousand dollars in it. (beat) Except they sweep the lockers out every 24 hours. (beat) That’s why I have to get there by noon. Jack pulls the shirt away and sees the wound for the firs time. An uneasy feeling fills him. EDDIE (cont’d) Couple days ago this guy Maurice turns up at my place with a gun and a shoebox he took it from a dealer on Ocean Avenue. Needs a place to lay low. I tell him I’m on parole... but he’s not asking. Jack working more feverishly as Eddie’s words flow out dreamlike. EDDIE (cont’d) Then somebody deceased Maurice that next morning. (beat) Inside that shoebox was thirty-two thousand, Jack. Exact amount to open my bakery. It was a sign, wasn’t it?
112) 6) dialog: Stashed it in a locker at Port Authority yesterday. But when I come back to my room my P.O.’s standing there with Maurice’s gun on my bed. (beat} (MORE)
112) 7) text: EDDIE (cont'd) I’m looking at fifteen years for having a weapon that’s not mine. Until that DA happens to stop by my cell with the picture of that cop. (beat) Which is how I met you. (beat) See how it all makes sense? Jack nods. Then Eddie goes silent. JACK . . Hey. You’re not going to die on me are you? The words are hoarse.
112) 8) dialog: I don’t know. I never died before. Drifting off.
112) 10) dialog: Did I hear something positive come out of that mouth of yours? Jack leans in close. JACK. You need to make it Eddie. For both of us. Suddenly red and white lights swirl across the warehouse walls... Jack turning as an EMT Truck pulls into the warehouse. TWO Paramedics exit the vehicle, engine still running. The woman is in her 40’s and carries a weary, battered gr about her. Her name tag reads: DIANE. The DRIVER is young and is following her lead. Diane kneels over a shivering Eddie without looking at Ja Views the wound without expression.
113) 0) text: The back doors blowing open as_ Jack and the DRIVER load Eddie onto a secured gurney. Wall mounted Medic kit is popped open. A saline drip is prepared. 90. Diane cuts off Eddie’s shirt and rolls him onto his side find the exit wound. Small, round burn marks made by cigarettes dot Eddie’s to Years of them. Diane flicks Jack a glance to make sure he seen them, then gets to work.
113) 2) dialog: You’re the lady whose apartment we were in...
113) 5) dialog: It was very clean. Diane staring at Jack. EDDIE (cont’d) There’s a hole in your Murphy bed. Other than that... She tries to continue working, then stops. Eyes boring in Jack.
113) 9) dialog: Just saved my life three times. I’m an important witness to police corruption. Diane looks to Jack for an explanation but gets none. EDDIE (cont’d) He’s a good man, lady. Give him another chance. He’s gonna need somebody to talk to when I leave. Jack and Diane stare at each other for several moments.
113) 11) dialog: Sister? Shit. For a_ second there I had hope for you. Even your family don’t like you. Diane begins stitching the wound. Eyes wandering to Jack. EDDIE (cont’d) Haven’t seen my sister in eleven years. Lives in Seattle. I’m supposed to get on a bus tonight to go see her. Diane smiles at Eddie but refuses to look at Jack.
115) 0) text: Jack and Eddie bouncing around on opposite sides. Wearine oozes from both of them.
115) 1) dialog: And you never told me what you wanted on your cake. JACK ; Nothing in my life I want to see in icing.
115) 2) dialog: Gotta be one thing. Pet, first car. Special day-
115) 4) dialog: I think you are. (beat) But if you don’t think so, then change. There’s always a another chance. Third and fourth ones. I’m proof of that. Just have to be ready for them. Look for the signs. Don’t quit. Jack stares into space at something only he can see.
115) 6) dialog: I don’t believe that. (beat) Sometimes we do the right thing for the wrong reason or the wrong thing for what we think is the right reason and it doesn’t work out and we give up. But if you do the right thing for the right reason it always turns out good. Maybe not right away. But eventually...
115) 8) dialog: Don’t. Let me have this one, Jack. It’s all I got left to hold on to. Jack nods, understands. Long silence. Then the Truck star to slow down.
117) 0) text: Eddie unhooking the IV from his arm. Jack trying to hear outside.
117) 1) dialog: Think we’re here already? Maybe something happened.
120) 2) dialog: Moving down Leonard Street. Top of the Courthouse peeking above the buildings. Not a cop in sight.
120) 3) dialog: Maybe they gave up. Getting to the corner of Centre and Leonard. Peering out the Courthouse... JACK AND EDDIE’S POV ~- THE COURTHOUSE The towering granite monolith with massive columns suppor the chiseled words... “Only The Just Man Enjoys Peace of Mind”. And beneath it.... a sea of blue. DOZENS of Uniforms man barricades that surround the Courthouse entrance. MEDIA V line the edges of Foley Park. 95.
120) 4) dialog: Almost breathless from the sight. Jack checking his watch 9:38
122) 0) text: A massive steel columned structure sectioned off and consuming the square city block. Jack and Eddie moving through a section containing City Vehicles and trucks. Just the SOUND of their footsteps an the hum of fluorescents.
122) 2) dialog: Think we’1ll ever see each other after this?
123) 1) dialog: Moving silently between vehicles, staying low. Jack using his gun to smash the fluorescents plunging the entire sec into darkness... Steering Eddie deeper into the cars. Towards the back wal but away from any way out...
123) 3) dialog: Crawling between a row City Sedans all the same color and markings. HEARING the SOUNDS of their movement but unable see them. Stopping. Jack easing open the back door to the car.
124) 0) text: Jack shoves Eddie inside, removes the cuffs then cracks t window a bit.
125) 0) text: Eddie laying frozen on the back floor.
126) 0) text: Eddie sensing something. A flicker of a SHADOW. Turning t look up just as...
127) 0) text: Jack up and opening fire on Eddie’s sedan. Blowing out th windshield as Nugent dives away for cover. 99.
128) 0) text: Eddie shaking on the floor of the car as glass rains down him. Too scared to wait for Jack. Kicks open the back doo and does what Jack wants him to do... He runs.
131) 0) text: Back doors burst open, Jack and Eddie dragging Nugent ins and dropping him in an aisle between the pews. Jack rippi a tasseled cord from a faded velvet curtain and tying his hands behind him.
133) 0) text: Jack walks to Eddie, wincing with every breath. Adjusting the gauze on Eddie’s neck.
133) 2) dialog: But I have to testify. Jack squeezes out a wounded sigh.
133) 4) dialog: But you stayed a cop. Jack looking up. EDDIE (cont’d) I mean you didn’t retire. Take a pension and disappear. Deep down you knew if you left, you’d never tell. And he’d win. (beat) I wasn’t meant to meet you. You were meant to meet me. This is where you’re supposed to be. Jack finally looks at Eddie but can find no words. EDDIE (cont’d) This is your other chance Jack. You knew that back in that bar. Only now it’s for the right reason. CHURCH DOORS opening and Father Connelly coming in.
133) 9) dialog: I will. It’s meant to be Jack. (beat) I’11 call you sometime.
133) 11) dialog: Aw Jack. There you go being negative again. Turns to go.
133) 13) dialog: Give the keys to your best friend, let him drive the old lady to the hospital while you stay at the bus stop with the woman of my dreams. (beat) Gotta figure if you were destined to find her, you’11 be okay. Jack smiles.