5) 0) text: Both TEAMS huddle outside the apartment, some have handkerchiefs under their noses. From up the stairs limps JACK MOSLEY. Mid-40's, out_of shape, face flushed from climbing the two flights. A slig herniated limp to his gate. Cannova pulls him inside the apartment.
6) 0) text: UNIFORMS, PAA’s and a few CIVILIANS looking for justice. Jack walks in past the TS (Telephone and Sign-Out) Desk heading for the stairs, slightly buzzed. Passing the wais high Sergeants Desk manned by a Uniformed SERGEANT.
6) 3) dialog: When are you going to run away with me Gracie? Grace reaches into her top drawer and slides a box of Tic Tacs towards Jack, never looking up.
6) 5) dialog: Bad. Got a colonoscopy scheduled. Anytime after that.
6) 7) dialog: He say when they needed it?
6) 8) text: Said you can get it signed on your way in tomorrow. Jack’s relieved. Stretches.
6) 9) dialog: Where does the time go...
7) 0) text: LIEUTENANT KINCAID, young, freshly laundered and all atti BS Ss up the stairs and down the hall in his crisp blue INIFORM. Strides into Anti-Crime. Jack slips out of the COFFEE ROOM and down the stairs lik kid without a hall pass. *
8) 0) text: Jack digs the album pages out from behind the bench and c a UNIFORM over. Hands them to him, pointing to the interv room. Steps back into the lobby and walks back to the TS desk, reaches for the pen... when another hand snatches i away. LIEUTENANT KINCAID stands there holding the pen. *
8) 3) dialog: I’m off the clock, Loo.
8) 5) dialog: Don’t you have some regular mutt doin’ this?
8) 7) dialog: C’mon Loo, I’ve been on all night. Give it to Cibelli or Meadows. They’ re on light duty.
8) 9) dialog: You were too busy?
8) 11) dialog: Yo! A CORRECTIONS OFFICER, bloated and bored looking, shuffle out of a back toilet buckling his pants.
8) 13) dialog: Hour? What for?
9) 3) dialog: And?
9) 5) dialog: Get dressed, Eddie hesitates.
9) 7) dialog: New arrangement. Cause I’m not waiting an hour for a fucking grey suit.
10) 0) text: The curb jammed with Black and Whites and unmarked Police cars. Jack pulls Eddie down the sidewalk, checking key ta against license plates. Eddie noticing the hitch in Jack’s walk.
12) 0) text: Jack hangs a right and lurches into the morning rush hour traffic
13) 0) text: Jack flips down the visor and weaves the car towards West Broadway. Sneaks a look at Eddie in the rearview. Kid scribbling something in his book. Cutting cars off trying to make the light. Which he doesn’t. Gridlock at Baxter and West Broadway pu the Impala at a dead stop. The LED clock on the dash read 8:06 They sit in silence for a minute. Eddie’s mind whirring away. Leans forward.
15) 0) text: Jack looks back at Eddie through the mirror, the kid stil waiting for an answer.
15) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t drive in a hurricane so it doesn’t apply to me.
15) 4) dialog: I don’t have to. So shut up.
15) 6) dialog: What’d they give you?
15) 8) dialog: Must’ ve cut yourself a sweet deal Sittin’ there all comfy like.
15) 10) dialog: That’s cheap to rat to a grand jury.
15) 12) dialog: Yeah? Well if it looks like a rat and squeals like a rat... Eddie thinks for a minute.
17) 0) text: Jack looking impatient. Eyes searching the sidewalks for something. Eddie SEES the top of a MASSIVE GRANITE BUILDI 12 blocks away.
17) 2) text: il. EDDIE (cont’d) Then when I started, everything fell into place. Even when it made no sense. Like yesterday. All bad. (beat) But I’m right where I’m supposed to be. You believe that? Jack double parks the Impala on the west side of the stre and shuts off the engine.
17) 3) dialog: I believe life’s too fucking long and guys like you make it even longer. Starts to get out.
17) 5) dialog: You'll get there. Eddie watches Jack fumble around in his pockets for some cash.
17) 7) dialog: First time. How am I doing?
17) 9) dialog: No? Gee, I better check my witness escort handbook. Oops, I forgot it. Oh weil... Jack gets out. Leans back in. JACK (cont’d) When you get to the courthouse you can fill out one of those cards and rate your travel experience with the NYPD. SLAMS the door. 12.
18) 0) text: Jack LOCKS the Impala and crosses the busy street into a Liquor store. The Black Econoline Van drifting past and disappearing around the corner.
19) 0) text: Small and cramped with too many aisles and too many stack boxes. Jack limping towards the back and grabbing a bottl of Puerto Rican Rum and a bag of nuts.
22) 0) text: The Chinese man bagging Jack’s breakfast while the Wife m change. Jack about to leave when the Chinese Man beckons towards the back...
24) 0) text: Jack being shown the jimmied lock on the back delivery do to the store. Empty liquor cartons lay nearby. Jack . explaining something in Chinese and motioning to the secu monitor over the register.
26) 0) text: Jack stands in the middle of the street, gun hand shaking Tunnel vision_and audio collapse washing over him. Not hearing the PEDESTRIAN SCREAMS or BRAKES SQUEAL around hi Nor seeing the Wiry Russian coming from around the Van raising his Tech-9 until it’s too late... Turning just in time to HEAR the CHAMBER EXPLODE... the e moment a skidding TAXI SIDESWIPES the Russian knocking th shot a millimeter off line. PEDESTRIANS and SHOPKEEPERS scatter as the bullet SHATTER plate glass window. Jack charging toward the Impala. Knees pumping like out o sync pistons as the Wiry Russian gets to his feet, too hi and too crazed to register pain. Leveling the machine pistol and BLASTING AWAY...
27) 0) text: Jack bellying through the door as bullets thud sickeningl close to his ear. A cacophony of metal chunks being disgorged echo around him. Not noticing his 9mm bouncing the pavement...
29) 0) text: Rolling to a stop half-way up the block... Jack trying to locate the Russian through cracked windows smoke, PEOPLE obscuring his vision. Grabbing for his gun and realizing it’s gone. KICKS OPEN THE PASSENGER DOOR, stays low and RIPS OPEN TH BACK DOOR. Eddie Bunker balled up on the floor, clutching his book. Pulls the kid onto the sidewalk as the street swims with PEOPLE and movement.
29) 1) dialog: Across the sidewalk and down a service alley as fast as Jack’s bad leg can take them... Coming out into another alley... Eyes trying to focus, operating on pure instinct Spotting the Van on Lafayette, doors open and no one inside... The crazy Russian out here somewhere... Over a small cinder block wall and into a...
30) 0) text: Just off the sidewalk. Cramped makeshift office with a ga window and door-less entrance. Jack grabbing the rotary phone. FREEZING when he spots HIM coming fast across the street. Backlit by the rising sun. Hand already reaching behind h back, the skinny MAN zeroed in on Jack. Pushing Eddie to the floor as the Man pulls his hand from behind his back and aims... a parking ticket in Jack’s fa
31) 0) text: Jack pulls Eddie across the street, adrenaline surging. Hitting the sidewalk and heading south. Jack suddenly realizing that Eddie is gone. Turning to se Eddie running back towards the commotion. Cars swerving around the kid. Jack heading after him, screaming. Eddie stopping to avoid a taxi, Jack just about there whe Eddie bends down and retrieves the notebook he dropped.
31) 1) dialog: Are you fucking nuts! Jack yanks Eddie to the side walk, Trying to get his bearings. A BIKE MESSENGER whizzing by makes Jack flinch, the BUSINESS MAN reaching into his briefcase... Suddenly EVERYONE looks like a potential killer.
32) 0) text: Jammed with liquor boxes piled too high to be safe. The ALARM wailing... Jack pushing Eddie towards a curtained doorway when suddenly a baseball bat flies through it, missing Jack’s head by millimeters, smashing into a crate Merlot. Jack grabbing the bat and pulling DOMINIC FORLINI, the wh haired 77 year old bar owner through it. Surprised and shocked by the sight of Jack.
32) 2) dialog: Lock it. INT. DOMINIC’S - EARLY MORNING A tiny drinker’s hideaway on the edge of Little Italy. Re naugahyde booths, kidney shaped bar with two Espresso machines. Jack to the wall phone, knowing right where it is. Shaky fingers dialing...
32) 3) dialog: This is officer Jack Mosley, badge 227. I am 10-13, one-three-three Mulberry; Officer is plainclothes, green shirt, black slacks. I have male prisoner, 24, white polo shirt, sneakers. We are under fire. Perp is in white overalls with automatic weapon...
32) 6) dialog: Get ‘em out of here! You too. Forlini herds them out the front door. Jack dragging Eddi hard into a booth along the far wall. JACK (cont’d) They said you were a nobody! 17.
32) 8) dialog: Rats like you turn my stomach. You people don’t give a shit who gets covered with your garbage.
32) 10) dialog: Bottom feeders like you would rat your own mother it meant saving your own ass. Jack reaches ap and polis the curtains closed, PLUNGING T BAR INTO EVEN EATER DARKNESS. Operating on sheer instinct Rust and cobwebs showing...
32) 12) dialog: Shoulda let them kill you... Eddie’s body still trembling, hands wrapped tightly aroun his notebook.
32) 14) dialog: Not another syllable. The SOUND of brakes SCREECHING TO A HALT outside. Jack pa the curtain a sliver. UNIFORMED PATROLMEN JUMPING from th blue and whites... Relief spreads through Jack. Pulse dropping. Crosses to t bar and pours a Johnny Walker as Eddie peers through the curtain.
32) 21) dialog: No. He’s safe.
32) 23) dialog: Twice. Working a strong program now. Nugent smiles as Jack knocks it back.
32) 25) dialog: He’s clean. Mulvey looks back at Jack, grins, and keeps patting.
32) 27) dialog: Not for a while now. 20. Jack seeing Mulvey now uncuff Eddie and hold him while To pulis a Saturday night special from his ankle and presses into Eddie’s shaking hand, then lets it drop to the floor Nugent looks back to his guys then to Jack.
32) 30) dialog: Eddie. Eddie hustles across the room and behind Jack. Jack backi the both of them towards the rear door.
33) 0) text: Moving with Jack and Eddie underneath scaffolding, past a empty loading dock to a set of cement steps leading to a basement door. Jack shaken...
33) 1) dialog: What the fuck did you see? TELL
34) 0) text: Dripping steam pipes feed a dozen industrial washers and dryers. Sweltering, oppressive heat. CHINESE WORKERS sort and fold on both sides of a long cafeteria tables. Down a dark cinder block passageway. Jack finding a drain grate, dropping the shotgun info it.
34) 2) dialog: Had one shell in it for twenty years. Lucky it went off. Eddie staring at the drainage grate like it means somethi 23.
35) 0) text: Street level. Jack pulling Eddie out of the service eleva and towards the door, badge in the air for the surprised OWNER to see. Calming him in halting Chinese. Stepping next to a SEAMSTRESS working in the window, peer out. No black van. No Russian. No Police... Jack unlocks Eddie’s cuffs. Whips off his shirt, tossing away. Just a T-shirt now. Hands Eddie a shirt from a cleaning bin.
35) 1) dialog: Put this on. Then hands him a hanger of dry cleaning. JACK {(cont’ d) Walk slow. Like you know where you’re going. I’ll be right behind you.
36) 0) text: Eddie steps into the street and starts South, Jack three steps behind, the two weaving through the crowds. Eddie, cieaning bag giung over his shoulder, hugging the shadows the building facades. Jack’s eyes darting everywhere. PATROL CARS from Mid-Town South, 1st and the 5th cruise b from side streets. None of it seems to bother Eddie, walk down West Broadway with a coolness in his step.
36) 1) dialog: They didn’t tell you Ryan was a cop, did they?
36) 3) dialog: Well you’re about to rat out the top Homicide detective in the New York City police department. Bet that’s worth more than a suit. Crossing Grand Street now, blending in with the foot traf Getting lost in a sea of faces... The Courthouse eleven blocks away. The clock on the MONY BUILDING steeple flash 24. 8:21
38) 0) text: Jack and Eddie approaching Broome, foot traffic thinning. Eddie walking more relaxed. Jack just off his left should Eddie slowing to look in store windows as they go.
38) 1) dialog: Pick it up.
38) 5) dialog: None taken. Coming froma guy who’s spent half his adult ein the joint.
38) 7) dialog: Sure you did. 26. Passing a DUANE REED and a window of CLOCKS. Eddie starin at the time: 8:25
40) 0) text: Narrow and crammed. Jack pulling Eddie close.
40) 1) dialog: This isn’t a game asshole. Keep it together or we’re both dead. Eddie turns and holds out the business card.
40) 3) dialog: You are nuts.
41) 0) text: Torres stepping out into the narrow delivery way. Looks right then left. No Jack or Eddie.
42) 0) text: Jack limps up a back set of stairs as fast as his broken can take him. Eddie staying a few steps in front, taking slow on purpose. EDDIE ; What’s interesting in all this is cops always stick together. eat So I’m wondering why you’re not? Jack hurrying to the next floor, too winded to say anythi
43) 2) dialog: Shit. Eddie pushes Jack aside.
44) 0) text: WE HOLD on the door as the SOUNDS of a LOCK BEING PICKED heard. Then HEARD again. And AGAIN. The door not opening. Finally the Medeco dead bolt clicks open, then the cylind lock. “The door swings open to reveal Jack holding a piec the dry cleaning hanger.
44) 2) dialog: No wonder you’re twelve-time loser. Can’t pick a simple lock.
44) 4) dialog: Where’d she put it...
45) 4) dialog: C’mon. Not moving. Touching his ear. JACK (cont’d) What?
45) 6) dialog: Go already! Eddie slips into the bathroom as Jack looks around the apartment. An end-of-the-road sadness about him as_he tak in what used to be familiar surroundings and is no longer JACK (cont’d) Let’s go! Water still running. Jack bolting to bathroom and kicking open the door.
45) 8) dialog: Shit! 33.
46) 0) text: Jack huffing and puffing down the stairs. Wincing every t his left leg hits the marble step. Heart driving a body t can no longer keep pace. Torres’ cell phone RINGS. Jack flips it open.
46) 2) dialog: He’s napping. A pause.
46) 4) dialog: That was a bad thing.
47) 0) text: Service doors to the street BANG OPEN and Jack hits the sidewalk. No sign of Eddie. MOVING with Jack as he crosse Delancey, down a cross-town alley and out onto Bowery. Looking into the SEA OF PEOPLE on their way to work. No w to spot him in this. Trying to think now... INT. NUGENT’S CAR - SAME TIME Nugent shotgun. Mulvey driving. RADIO open as a COMMUNICATIONS TECHNICIAN triangulates the cell phone sig over the radio from One Police Plaza.
48) 3) dialog: Let’s go.
48) 5) dialog: If I can find you Eddie, they can’t be far behind.
48) 7) dialog: Eddie. I can get you there. (beat) I need to get you there. PEOPLE pour out as the doors open. Eddie pushing his way inside, leaving Jack on the platform. EDDIE ; Don’t worry, Jack. Everything’s going to be okay. The doors to the car chosing. Eddie puts up his hand to w good-bye... AND JACK GRABS IT. Pulling Eddie onto the platform as the doors seal shut EDDIE (cont’d) What the-- Stopping when he sees Jack staring back into the subway c Turning to back to see TWO of NUGENT’S GUYS (Pouhey ani Kalier) inside the car, FLYING TOWARDS THE CLOSED DOOR. Jack already pulling Eddie up the stairs as the SOUNDS of train’s EMERGENCY BREAKS SHRIEKS from the tunnel.
49) 0) text: Jack and Eddie BURST from the subway entrance and into th street, Jack trying to flag down a cab. Eddie shaken, nothing making sense.
49) 2) dialog: That’s because you got the I.Q. of a sprinkler head. Pulling Eddie down the middle of Bowery looking back at t SUBWAY EXIT... 37.
49) 4) dialog: We worked narcotics together back a ways. They went their way I went mine. Eddie processing this. Stops in his tracks as Jack BOLTS into the street to flag down a gypsy cab.
50) 0) text: Jack and Eddie pile into the back seat. Cab smelling like ptale air freshener, open partition separating front from ack,
50) 1) dialog: 100 Centre Street. The cab pulls away. EDDIE . I was wrong the whole time. You believe that?
50) 2) dialog: Hard to fathom. Eddie looking at Jack. Differently now.
50) 5) text: EDDIE (cont'd) You think it might be a voice from heaven or a glow that lights your way. Or a piece of paper that floats into your hand with the answer on it. (beat) But sometimes it_can be a miserable, crumpled, bum-legged cop with a drinking problem. And I almost didn’t see it. (beat) You’re the guy, Jack.
50) 6) dialog: (exasperated, to himself) I’m the guy. INT. NUGENT’S CAR - MOVING Mulvey on the phone, navigating traffic onto Bowery. Nugent’s eyes the streets, smelling blood.
51) 0) text: Jack’s right arm under his jacket, finger on the .38 Stom in a knot. Eyes peeled. Traffic crawling crosstown. Torres’ phone on the seat next to him.
51) 1) dialog: Make a left at Broome. I want to come in the back. The fat, unshaven TURKISH CABBIE grunts. Jack looks over Eddie, scribbling in that notebook. JACK (cont’d) What’s with the book?
51) 3) dialog: Like how to break into a Walgreens?
51) 5) dialog: Cakes.
51) 7) dialog: Perfect. I can see the headlines now. Cupcake Criminal brings down NYPD Big Wigs.
51) 9) dialog: Nothing.
51) 11) dialog: I had a buck for every one of you that had a plan to do something else I'd be living on a houseboat in Florida. (beat) Trust me. One thing doesn’t go your way and you’1ll be Srawling out someone’s window with a set of cutlery and a mink coat.
51) 13) dialog: I’m not even going to ask.
51) 15) dialog: That’s what I mean. You’re a thief Eddie. That’s what you do. That’s what you’ll always do.
51) 17) dialog: I_ know if you drop a slice of bread with jelly on it, it always lands jelly side down. (beat No beating the odds, kid. Jack feeling the cab slow. Looking ahead at traffic being diverted onto Grand. Six lanes funneling into three. Jack checking his watch again the looking out the windows.
51) 19) dialog: What’s the ADA’s name who cut your deal?
51) 21) dialog: Stop. Driver looking confused. Jack tossing money over the seat opening the door with the cab still moving and pulling Ed out onto
52) 0) text: Jack walking along side Eddie. Tense and ready as they approach Grand. Suddenly pulling Eddie into
53) 0) text: The usual “Going Out of Business” sign that’s been up for year. Place jammed with all kinds of gadgets. TOURISTS crowding the windows outside. Jack moving to the Grand Street window and peering over t digital camera display. JACK’S POV Grand Street traffic jam crawling by... And a cluster of Nugent’s PLAINCLOTHES COPS walking the street eyeballing car and cab, hands on their weapons.
54) 0) text: The security access door kicked open by Jack, he and Eddi starting across the roof.
54) 2) dialog: You’re a sunny little shit, I’1l give you that.
54) 4) text: EDDIE (cont’d) I was ust surprised to see him here when I knew I had an appointment with him tonight... in Samarra.” Eddie waits the required length for a dramatic pause. EDDIE (cont’d) See? You can’t cheat destiny. The bullet blows through Jack’s right hand before the SHO HEARD. Jack falling to his knees, catching sight of MALDONADO on far roof in front of them, already on his ceil. Eddie helping Jack to his feet and dragging him back. Ove the facade to the next roof. Stopping as KALLER climbs on the roof 60 yards in front of them. Now moving for rear of their roof, blood seeping out of Jack’s palm.
54) 7) dialog: I hate those flying rats. Kaller’s bullet sprays concrete inches from them, Jack ju landing squarely on the steel flooring, pigeons flapping the air. Waving his arms like a girl to get them away. Looking up just as Eddie jumps. Eddie misjudging the depth and hitting the railing, momen and body weight TAKING HIM OVER IT. Sailing downward unti Jack's bad hand clasps Eddie’s forearm. Eddie hanging the his free hand clutching that notebook. JACK {cont’ d) Drop the stupid book! Eddie won’t. Jack’s grip lessening. At the last second Eddie shoves the notebook in his teeth, grabs the railing pulls himself up and over.
54) 8) text: Jack on his feet, glaring at Eddie. About to start down w a second floor window is blasted out. ORTIZ scrambling ou gate the second floor fire escape, 9mm poised to end it r ere. Jack shoving Eddie back against the wall. Looking up at t roof. The pigeons lining the facade, staring at their per Pinned down and seconds away from being shredded. Jack following Eddie’s eyes down four stories to a large dumpster. Too far, too small and too dark inside to know what’s in there. JACK (cont’d) You live it’1l be as a vegetable. Eddie stuffs his notebook in his pants. Stares closely at the dumpster. JACK (cont’d) Don’t even think about it.
54) 10) dialog: It’s an ALLEY! That’s where they put dumpsters!
54) 13) dialog: You gotta be kidding me... Suddenly the pigeons above set sail. Kaller’s BULLET RICOCHETING OFF THE RAILING.
55) 0) text: Eddie pushing away the floating feathers and looking up a Jack’s body hurdles down, slamming onto another sack of chicken feathers that explode around them. 4s. Jack looking at the fluttering life savers in disbelief. first trace of a bewildered smile. Eddie scrambling to th edge and jumps to the ground as Jack pulls himself out.
56) 0) text: Security doors blasting open revealing a jong corridor. J and Eddie moving quickly down it, blood still dripping fr Jack’s hand. Stepping through the first door and into...
59) 4) dialog: Hoe mien! (cocking the hammer) Where is it?
60) 0) text: Nugent’s car SCREECHING UP behind Madam Solka’s just as Kaller and Ortiz exit the rear of the building. No Jack. Momentary confusion. Sense memory washes through Nugent.
61) 0) text: Jack and Eddie move through an underground city. An entir are block of basements connected by door-size holes blasted through cinder block and sheetrock walls. Each on operating illegal businesses beneath the streets. Jack pulling Eddie across a CHINESE GAMBLING DEN crowded Fan Tan and craps tables towards the door size hole in th opposite wall.
61) 3) dialog: End of the block. But we’re not going that far.
63) 3) dialog: Years ago we’d try to bust this place every six months or so. Never could catch the big shits. Until we discovered a feed tunnel down here. 49. Jack moving towards an open doorway cut out of the sheetr Suddenly SOUNDS of COMMOTION behind them. Turning to see Torres and company crossing the room behind them. Jack racing back. Rolling the steel door over the opening just as Mulvey gets to it. Mulvey’s gun arm snaking betwe it. Barrel aimed at Jack’s face. Index finger trying to squeeze. Pressure of the door on Mulvey’s shoulder making it difficult. Jack shoving the door one last time. Mulvey SCREAMING and pulling his arm back. The door slams shut and Jack bolts it. Turns towards the next room. Nugent standing in the doorway. Jack pushing Eddie to the side and FIRING. Nu gat and Jack diving to behind opposite sides of the fl wall, Jack landing next to Eddie. BLAM! The 9mm bullet blows a three inch hole through the wall and zips just under Jack chin. Three more shots blast through the wall. ECHOING through the room until it’s silent.
63) 10) dialog: I’m a sugarless kinda guy. NUGENT . Then slide ‘em back, will ya? Even Jack has to grin at that one. NUGENT (cont’d) Guess we’re even. You‘ve got my gum, I’ve got your way out. Eddie pushing aside a rusted shelving unit to reveal a BR DOWN SERVICE ELEVATOR, accordion door chained shut, Eddie turning to Jack wide-eyed. Jack slipping over, whispering
63) 11) dialog: Can you get it open?
63) 14) dialog: (hushed, to Eddie) Try something. Jack moving back to the wall. JACK (cont’d) Right here Frank.
63) 16) dialog: And not say goodbye? 51. Nugent removes the throw down gun from his ankle and chec the cylinder.
63) 18) dialog: Shit like that? Like you roughed up some fucking pimp. He was a citizen.
63) 20) dialog: It crossed the line, Frank. You crossed the line.
63) 23) text: NUGENT (cont'd) Clear cases and put bad guys away no matter what it takes. I give them justice. Jack looking at Eddie working frantically. Both men stall for time... NUGENT (cont’d) Course Teddy A never understood that.
63) 24) dialog: He was a good cop. Everybody knew--
63) 26) dialog: Because we’re supposed to be the good guys.
64) 2) dialog: (holding up his badge) Police. Open up! The door closes. VOICES a split second from turning into hallway. The RATTLE of a chain coming off. INT. SAM’S APARTMENT Jack and Eddie fall inside. Jack chaining the door. The O MAN steps back befuddled. Creeping towards 80, eyes showi alarm.
64) 7) dialog: Phone. Sam gestures to a padlocked door in the hall. 55.
65) 0) text: Cell phones. Hundreds of boxes of cell phones stacked on queen size bed. The rest of the room filled bootleg furs, contraband silks, boxes of electronics and high end linen stacked to the ceiling. Jack digs through the mountains o OxeSs.
65) 2) dialog: Ghost Shadows or Tongs probably. Those gangs use shut-ins like him to warehouse their stash, drugs. People like him have nobody and are just too scared to say anything. Jack moving back into the...
65) 4) dialog: Your phone. The old man pointing to the kitchenette and a cordless ph with oversized buttons. Jack stuffing some paper towels i his palm and grabbing the phone. Putting his .38 on a tab near the front door. Eddie taking in the room. A single fold out bed, a chenil bedspread lovingly draped across it. Tin tray table with transistor radio for a night stand holding a picture fram and brush. Steamer trunk serving as_a dresser. 15 inch Pillips on the floor showing QVC. All shoved into one corner. A little oasis shoved into one corner. Sam looks pleadingly to Jack as he walks by.
65) 9) dialog: {into phone) Dan MacDonald’s office. Waits as he’s transferred. Looks back at Eddie and the ol man.
65) 11) dialog: (into phone) Dan MacDonald please. (beat) Tell him it’s the guy with his witness.
67) 1) dialog: About seven blocks away. Only there’s a few Cops between me and ou that don’t want him there. ou’ re going to have to buy yourself some more time.
67) 3) dialog: You guys could indict a ham sandwich. What’s the deal? MacDonald slumps onto his desk, swivels to face a bulleti board with pictures of Police Officers, witnesses and cas numbers. Red magic marker lines connect the faces to one another. Weariness drips from voice.
67) 6) dialog: Someone over there set this thing in motion. You got a leak. (beat) Maybe even one of your squad. (beat) See you at the courthouse. ghsck. Jack moves away from window. Pulls Eddie towards t oor-- BAM! Sam's DOOR blows open, TWO ON LONG GANG MEMBERS step inside. Cool, menacing stares. The larger one, ONG, steps in as his PARTNER hangs back. Heavy boots, overcoats like ents.
67) 9) dialog: We needed a phone. No trouble. We just want to walk out of here. The Partner reappears and mumbles something in Chinese. Tense silence as Ong stares down Jack. Then he grins and s ats at Jack. No response from Jack. Ong motions them to the door. JACK (cont’d) Eddie. Eddie points to Sam. 59.
67) 11) dialog: What about him? He’s fine. {to Sam) You fine? Sam nervously nods. JACK (cont’d) He’s fine. Let’s go. Eddie doesn’t budge.
67) 13) dialog: Eddie.
67) 15) dialog: Don’t start with this -- But Eddie already has, turning to Ong.
67) 17) dialog: Get your shit out of here and don’t come back. (MORE)
67) 18) text: JACK (cont'd) Anything happens to that man, he gets so much as a cold, and I will tell Tommy Chan the two of you are my stoolies. Frightened look from Ong as Jack shows his badge. JACK (cont’d) You know what Tommy Chan did to the last rat he caught? Cut the bastards head off and mailed it to his mother. Eddie leans in.
67) 20) dialog: What he said.
68) 0) text: Jack and Eddie descending, eyes and ears open. Jack’s lim more pronounced.
68) 2) dialog: Can’t fix everything, Eddie.
68) 4) dialog: He ain’t_my friend. And I’m nothing like him.
68) 6) dialog: Witness tampering. You saw two police detectives intimidating a witness for profit. (beat) They been doing it for years. Started out as a way to keep their informants on the street. They get popped, Frank would find the key witness and get him to change their tune. Threaten him or his family. Keeps his snitch out there working. Least that’s how they rationalize it. Until they figured out they could squeeze some money out it.
69) 0) text: Jack and Eddie moving across the deserted lobby and settl on either side of the front doors. The MUFFLED SOUNDS of procession growing LOUDER. Jack staring out into the chao Nervous time.
69) 2) dialog: Wait for one of your signs. Quiet as they watch the swirl of people gathering along t street.
69) 4) dialog: Four years ago one of Nugent’s top informants stabbed a cab driver. (MORE)
69) 5) text: JACK (cont'd) Nugent needed this guy so he pays 4 visit to the eye witness. Up to this point the witnesses were nickel and dime scum bags. This one was different. Chinese guy. Sixty something. A citizen minding his own business. (beat) The old guy wouldn’t budge. Sticks to his story. Frank threatens him but the guy doesn’t fold. Gets so mad he shoves his gun in the guy’s mouth. Guy drops dead right there. Heart attack. Frank leaves. amily finds the old guy the next lay. Long silence as the Wedding Parade comes into view. Behin them the elevator opens and a LARGE FAMILY of NINE emerge and heads for the front doors.
69) 7) dialog: Out the SERVICE DOORS and into the middle of the street. Surrounded by swirling color and movement. A dozen paraso spinning along side Jack. Behind him a twenty foot DRAGON snakes in and out of the CROWD. The firecrackers being se off to frighten away evil spirits all around him. Eddie six yards ahead of him.
69) 9) dialog: Safety just fifteen yards away. Willing himself to keep going. Ten yards... REVELERS CHANT. Behind Jack the Dragon slithers away revealing Mulvey, stepping up from behind, Glock coming u The dragon snakes back in between them... Mulvey trying to push it out of the way, finally ducking underneath it only to find... Jack gone. Pushing through the CROWD as the CAMERA drifts up high ov Confucius Place, the THRONGS of PEOPLE spilling away in a directions...
70) 0) text: Noisy and crammed with ASIAN YOUTHS. One PUNK banging on rest room door, throwing up his hands. JACK’S WATCH Sitting on the edge of a sink. 9:12
71) 0) text: Two stalls, a urinal and a rusty sink where Jack runs wat over his hand. Eddie standing on the toilet tank peering through a mesh grating that looks onto the street. EDDIE’S POV West Broadway and in particular a shoe shine stand across street that 1s presently unoccupied.
71) 3) dialog: Might as well be six miles we don’t get some help.
71) 5) dialog: I shot a cop and your re a rat. Who’s going to help us. Eddie smiles a weary smile and lets it go.
71) 7) dialog: -- someplace before noon. Where do you have to be that’s so important?
71) 9) dialog: Thief to cake maker. Just like that. Bleeding stopped. Eddie up on the toilet checking again. Nothing.
71) 11) dialog: I’m sure check washing crossed your mind.
71) 13) text: EDDIE (cont'd) But as a goof, I start decorating them. Anything you could think of. Girlfriends. Cars. Gang logos. You name it. Find out I’m great at it. (beat) I got nothin’ but time so I do my due diligence and find you can make good money on birthday cakes. Kid ones. Put Barney or a Dragon Ball on one and whoosh, your mark-up is through the roof. Jack just staring at this kid. Nods for Eddie to check again, so he climbs back up and checks the shoe shine sta Empty. EDDIE (cont’d) Nothing. (beat) Anyway I get_out and start saving for my own place. I’m doin’ okay but I don’t see a bakery in m future any time soon. hich figure will cost thirty grand to get started. But I keep tellin’ myself do what you've always done, have what you always got (shrugs) I didn’t give up like I always did. I had faith for some reason. Then one amazing episode after another and I have the money. (beat) Why was that old guy was put in with me? It was a sign. And this time I didn’t miss it. We’ll be okay: Because I was meant to bake cakes. Eddie climbing to look again.
71) 14) dialog: Hate to burst your bubble kid, but in 23 years of police work I’ve never met a thief that stayed out.
71) 16) dialog: Dates change. Seasons change. People don’t. Eddie shakes his head then spots something across the str
72) 4) dialog: (uncomfortable) Salma. She turns back into the kitchen without a word.
72) 6) dialog: And leave the women. I don’t think that makes you a good soul. Do you?
72) 10) dialog: Big.
73) 3) dialog: Lafayette to Centre. Pull in downstairs. Pop the trunk and go home. Slates cle
74) 0) text: Jack climbing in, Shaquille shutting the trunk. Bodies getting comfortable.
76) 2) dialog: Can it. We need the air.
78) 0) text: Hot in here now. BRAKE LIGHTS on again as the car stops. Jack and Eddie back to back. Eddie humming.
78) 1) dialog: What’s that you keep humming?
78) 3) dialog: I know that tune. Do it again Eddie does it almost inaudibly. Jack following it in his head. Car moving again. JACK (cont’d) Wheels on the bus? (half singing) The wheels on the bus goes round and round, ali through the town. Eddie starts singing it.
78) 5) dialog: I though it was the horn went toot- toot-toot.
78) 7) dialog: Whatever. Why that stupid song?
78) 10) dialog: How old are you?
78) 12) dialog: Twenty-four and you believe singing an idiotic song Bus will make you brave. Eddie doesn’t respond. JACK (cont’ d) You know it’s stupid, right?
78) 14) dialog: You guess?
78) 16) dialog: Do it, don’t do it. I don’t care. I’m just saying it’s stupid.
78) 18) dialog: Look--
78) 20) dialog: The wipers on the bus go swish- swish-swish, then the doors go open and shut then the driver on the bus says move on back. That’s the rest. The faintest smile appears on Eddie’s face. The car turni again. Ride bumpy a of a sudden. A quick flash of the brake light reveals a strange look on Jack’s face.
79) 0) text: Shaquille nervously steering the car down a service alley sweating profusely in spite of the AC on high. Suddenly Jack’s .38 is at his temple.
79) 1) dialog: Where you going Shaq? Rear seat pushed out, Jack COCKING THE HAMMER back.
80) 0) text: Nugent and company EMPTYING THEIR GUNS into the oncoming as it CAREENS OFF THE ALLEY WALLS, the Lincoln almost on of them. BLAM! The trunk cylinder BLOWN INTO THE AIR, trunk flying open. Jack and Eddie tumbling out of it and onto the pavement right before the Lincoln SLAMS INTO A GARBAGE BI Jack getting off THREE SHOTS before taking off. 72.
80) 1) dialog: Racing into the middle of Lafayette Street. MTA bus chugg through traffic just ahead. Nugent’s COPS flying onto the sidewalks. Jack breathing through his mouth, two heartbeats away fro heart attack. Knee buckling but keeps going: Closing on t bus. Catching up and banging on the door flashing his bad at the driver. Jack losing steam as the doors swing open. Eddie jumping then turning, hanging out the door, arm outstretched, grabbing Jack’s wrist.
81) 0) text: Eddie pulling Jack inside. Jack over to the driver, badge his face.
81) 1) dialog: (breathless) No stops. Eddie slumping into a seat near the front. Jack standing pext to the driver. TWENTY PASSENGERS scattered through t us. Jack watching through the windshield. The Courthouse. Fiv 0 and a half blocks and closing. Checks his watch: 9:20 JACK’S POV Kaller and Maldonado up ahead, flashing badges in the mid of Lafayette. Mulvey and Torres gaining ground from the rear.
82) 0) text: Jack moves closer to the Driver. Eddie on his feet as the Bus starts to pull over.
82) 1) dialog: Keep going. Cops moving in front of the bus now. Driver’s confused bu keeps it moving. Past Kaller and Maldonado who race to ke up.
83) 0) text: Jack’s gun on the driver’s back. Holding onto the rail as the bus rumbles on. Suddenly the Bus is JOLTED, swaying WILDLY OUT OF CONTROL PASSENGERS flying into the aisle.
85) 0) text: Passengers SCREAMING. Jack off the floor, locking the doo and forcing the driver towards the back.
85) 1) dialog: Everybody up! Forcin passengers against the windows face first. Hands over their heads. JACK (cont’d) (to Eddie) Move ‘em against the windows! Eddie positioning people in front of all the windows. Jac pushing FOUR to move towards the front to cover the windshield.
87) 0) text: Frightened passengers line the windows. Jack moving up th aisie, Eddie like his shadow behind him.
90) 0) text: Jack and Eddie moving passengers to the back. Jack lookin at that Chinese Woman who’s face is stiff with fear. Mumbling a prayer only she can hear. Jack kneels, says something in Chinese. She looks up and suddenly seems calm. A VOICE booms through the bus. 76.
90) 3) dialog: Throw it. Sheehan stops.
91) 0) text: Doors hiss shut. Eddie retrieves the radio and hands it t Jack. RADIO already CACKLING.
91) 2) dialog: {into radio) Everybody’s okay in here.
91) 4) dialog: fyenty-two. Including me and the 1a.
92) 0) text: Jack moves away. Every terrified face on the bus on him. Looks at his watch. 9:25 Jack sits. You can see all hope and desire ebb from his broken body. Eyes dim. Shoulders slump. Eddie sits next t him and puts his hand on Jack’s shoulder.
93) 0) text: Jack looking up_at Eddie. Differently this time. The kid consoling a LATINO WOMAN, that ever present smile soothin er. Jack’s eyes drifting to the radio on the seat across from him. Picks it up.
93) 1) dialog: (into radio) Sheehan.
93) 3) dialog: Here’s my demands. I want District Attorney MacDonald, a court stenographer and a member of the television media to board this bus to witness and record sworn testimony. (beat) After we talk we all walk out of here.
93) 5) dialog: DA, court reporter and a media person I would know. Thirty Minutes or I start shooting. Eddie shocked by Jack’s tone. Turns to Passengers.
93) 7) dialog: Everybody up. INT. RAY’S PIZZERIA Keenan look back at MacDonald then to Sheehan.
94) 0) text: Jack gathering the passengers into the center aisle. Sizi up the GUY IN THE SUIT. Looking at his grey suit. Two buttons and pants with cuffs. Points to him...
94) 1) dialog: You. (nods over to Eddie) Change clothes with him.
94) 3) dialog: You wanted a suit didn’t you? Eddie sensing something’s not right.
94) 5) dialog: You’re leaving with them. Eddie’s stunned.
94) 7) dialog: No one’s coming Eddie. I just said that so they wouldn’t be ready when this goes down. Eddie’s confused.
94) 9) dialog: Forget about testifying. (beat) . In less than 10 minutes they’ re going to breach the bus. Stun grenades, tear gas and AK-47’s. ‘ive seconds from bang to bullets. They’11 kill me and you then go have a sandwich. Stay in here and ou’1l die. The ondy’. chance you 1 ave is to get OFF this bus. (beat) It's over. Eddie stares into Jack’s spiritless eyes. Just now starti to understand.
97) 0) text: Jack stands near the front doors out of street view. Eddi in the middle of the line dressed in the grey suit. He ca help looking down at it. Exactly what he wanted.
97) 1) dialog: {to passengers) Remember keep your hands above your heads until they tell you to put ‘em down. Eddie moving next to Jack.
97) 3) dialog: When you get out there, they’1l haul you to a debriefing area. It's going to be hectic in there...
97) 5) dialog: Try and get out of there fast. Get ase the perimeter and don’t look ac Jack pushes him out the door.
99) 0) text: Jack peering through a slit in the newspaper as Eddie is through the crowd. FOUR more PASSENGERS remain...
102) 0) text: Jack stands alone amongst the fluttering newspapers. Seal inside and resigned to his fate.
104) 0) text: Jack HEARING the COMMOTION and peering out to see what’s happening. All he can see are CONFUSED SWAT TEAMS moving into the intersection and SCREAMING at someone... Then BANGING on the bus DOORS. Jack looking over and seei a NOTEBOOK slide between the rubber sealers. The DOORS are PRIED OPEN and Eddie steps up into the bus.
104) 2) dialog: Are you out of your mind!
104) 4) dialog: You got away, you dumb shit!
107) 0) text: Eddie holding on as the bus lists from side to side. Jack tearing off a piece of a newspaper to see. Gaining speed Canal approaches. Both seeing the barricades for the firs time.
107) 1) dialog: Any words of wisdom now, smart guy?
107) 3) dialog: Hold on. Eddie STARTS SINGING Wheels-On-The- Bus LOUDLY and falls a seat as Jack swings the wheel hard left
111) 0) text: BUSINESSES and SHOPS emptying as PEDESTRIANS head north towards Canal to see the commotion. Eyes on the AVIATION UNITS circling the block. Jack and Eddie moving against the flow. The Courthouse ri there three blocks straight ahead and nothing in their wa Eddie clutching his coat tight. Jack still reeling. Thinking if Eddie didn’t come back... If he was on that b alone... 87. Eddie’s eyes seem different. Unfocused. His steps sluggis His notebook slips from his coat as they cross the intersection at Franklin. Jack looking back and spotting Eddie’s notebook flutterin the middle of Franklin. Looking up at the courthouse. Two blocks to go. Willing himself to ignore the book and keep going. Starting to walk faster...
111) 1) dialog: Shit... Jack turns and jogs the half a block for the book. Holdin up traffic as he picks it up and starts back towards Eddi Holding up for Eddie to see. Then watching Eddie fall to pavement for no apparent reason. Racing up and pulling hi to his feet. JACK (cont’d) You okay?
111) 3) dialog: Two more blocks. Eddie nods again. Takes a few more steps... and stops humming.
112) 0) text: A massive, warehouse filled with used tires waiting to be melted down. Eddie lays alone in darkness. Jack’s shirt covers the wound but is now soaked in blood... The massive warehouse door is rolled open and Jack quickl moves to Eddie’s side. Presses on the shirt harder.
112) 1) dialog: I got help on the way. Just hang in there. We’re almost home. Eddie barely nods. Eyes closing. JACK {cont’d) C’mon. You gotta stay awake. Talk to me. Bus stop. Three people. Who you gonna save? Eddie stares into nothingness. Eyes searching for somethi Suddenly there’s a hint of sparkle in them and Eddie smil 88.
112) 3) dialog: The friend. Loyalty. Eddie shakes his head. Finding peace within himself he lo up at Jack.
112) 5) dialog: A big, bold one. Jack pressing the shirt against Eddie’s neck trying to sl the blood flow.
112) 7) text: EDDIE (cont'd) I’m looking at fifteen years for having a weapon that’s not mine. Until that DA happens to stop by my cell with the picture of that cop. (beat) Which is how I met you. (beat) See how it all makes sense? Jack nods. Then Eddie goes silent. JACK . . Hey. You’re not going to die on me are you? The words are hoarse.
112) 9) dialog: Eddie. An effort to open his eyes. JACK (cont’d) You were meant to have that bakery. Eddie’s mouth cracks the tiniest smile.
113) 0) text: The back doors blowing open as_ Jack and the DRIVER load Eddie onto a secured gurney. Wall mounted Medic kit is popped open. A saline drip is prepared. 90. Diane cuts off Eddie’s shirt and rolls him onto his side find the exit wound. Small, round burn marks made by cigarettes dot Eddie’s to Years of them. Diane flicks Jack a glance to make sure he seen them, then gets to work.
113) 4) dialog: I needed my gun.
113) 7) dialog: What’d you tell them?
113) 10) dialog: Eddie? Meet my sister, Diane
113) 13) dialog: A couple blocks. Diane sighs when she sees the bullet hole. JACK {(cont’d) I’m going to need one more favor, Di.
115) 0) text: Jack and Eddie bouncing around on opposite sides. Wearine oozes from both of them.
115) 3) dialog: There are some people who don’t deserve to have part of their life decorated on a cake. I’m one of them. (beat) I’m not a good guy, Eddie.
115) 5) dialog: There are mistakes you make that you pay for, for the rest of your ife. “No reprieves. No second chances.
115) 7) dialog: Eventually is a bunch of-- 93.
117) 0) text: Eddie unhooking the IV from his arm. Jack trying to hear outside.
117) 2) dialog: I don’t know. I told him to honk the horn if there was. 94. The SOUND of the KEY being inserted into the back doors.
119) 0) text: Jack holding his .38 at his side as both doors open...
120) 0) text: The doors to Jack’s truck open to reveal CARL, veteran EM driver standing outside his truck.
120) 2) dialog: Moving down Leonard Street. Top of the Courthouse peeking above the buildings. Not a cop in sight.
120) 4) dialog: Almost breathless from the sight. Jack checking his watch 9:38
122) 0) text: A massive steel columned structure sectioned off and consuming the square city block. Jack and Eddie moving through a section containing City Vehicles and trucks. Just the SOUND of their footsteps an the hum of fluorescents.
122) 1) dialog: Used to bring witnesses in this way to avoid the media. Called it Gotti Avenue. Hardly used anymore. They walk towards a set of double doors a hundred yards a The reason we can see them in this darkness... Is the blu emergency light to the left of them. Walking in silence for a bit. 60 yards away from those shadowS. Both too tired to talk. Moving for the doors at the other end. Twenty five yards away. Jack stopping and checking his watch. 96. 9:44 Reaching behind him for his handcuffs. JACK (cont’d) I should bring you in right. Eddie understands. Hold out his arms.
122) 3) dialog: Not in this lifetime. Think of us as two shits passing in the night. Turning and heading right for the doors. Fifteen yards aw Moving under a section of giant steel beams... JACK (cont’d) Hate this area. You have to watch out for all those pige-- Looking towards the rafters and seeing them empty: - - A going down his spine at that exact instant. Shoving Eddie out of the way as gun fire erupts from the shadows. Jack falling behind a Street Sweeper, firing his .38 blin Firing two more shots and dashing to the other side to ge Eddie. Finding him behind a snow plow.
123) 1) dialog: Moving silently between vehicles, staying low. Jack using his gun to smash the fluorescents plunging the entire sec into darkness... Steering Eddie deeper into the cars. Towards the back wal but away from any way out...
123) 3) dialog: Crawling between a row City Sedans all the same color and markings. HEARING the SOUNDS of their movement but unable see them. Stopping. Jack easing open the back door to the car.
124) 0) text: Jack shoves Eddie inside, removes the cuffs then cracks t window a bit.
124) 1) dialog: Stay put. When I yell your name run for those double doors and don’t stop till you get upstairs. Quietly shuts the door. Eddie’s heart pounding as Jack’s FOOTSTEPS ECHO away. Neither on noticing the door not completely closed...
124) 2) dialog: Staying low and moving away from Eddie. Seeing under the cars. Waiting. A glimmer of a polished shoe. BLAM!
124) 4) dialog: Leading them farther and farther from Eddie.
124) 7) dialog: Crouched behind two Vehicles, willing Nugent to stalk him
124) 8) dialog: (to himself) Come on...
125) 2) dialog: Trying to see where Nugent is but can’t.
127) 0) text: Jack up and opening fire on Eddie’s sedan. Blowing out th windshield as Nugent dives away for cover. 99.
128) 0) text: Eddie shaking on the floor of the car as glass rains down him. Too scared to wait for Jack. Kicks open the back doo and does what Jack wants him to do... He runs.
128) 2) dialog: Not even a twitch.
131) 0) text: Back doors burst open, Jack and Eddie dragging Nugent ins and dropping him in an aisle between the pews. Jack rippi a tasseled cord from a faded velvet curtain and tying his hands behind him.
131) 1) dialog: I’m a hundred yards away. That scare ya Frank?
131) 3) dialog: You have it half right. Checks his watch. 9:50 A SOUND and FATHER JERRY CONNELLY, 50, emerges from his office behind the alter. Unafraid and more than a little tough, even in his priestly get-up. 100.
131) 5) dialog: Then I guess I’m stuck with you. I only got a couple minutes. Father Connelly looks down at the bloodied Frank Nugent. JACK (cont’ d) Bad guy. Then to Eddie. JACK (cont’d) Good guy; (beat) Very good guy. Father Connelly now looking into Jack’s eyes. . JACK (cont’ d) Trying to be a good guy. Just new at it. He walks Father Connelly towards the Church doors. JACK (cont’d) I’m asking you to trust me Jerry. What they’re saying on the news is not what is. All I_want to do is set that straight, let the chips fall where they may. Father Connelly smiles.
133) 0) text: Jack walks to Eddie, wincing with every breath. Adjusting the gauze on Eddie’s neck.
133) 1) dialog: You hurry, you might make it. Eddie’s confused.
133) 3) dialog: No you don’t. I used you Eddie. I risked your life because you were going to do what I couldn’t. (beat) . One of the guys they were going to get when you testified? One o hem’s me Eddie. You were going to get me. (beat) Only now I’m going to get me. And him. Eddie listening. Jack stares up at the ceiling. JACK (cont’d) I was one of them, One of the team. And I was in that room when that old man died. I was on his couch when Frank stuck that gun in his mouth. (beat) Mr. Ling. Remember his name Frank? Nugent saying nothing. Jack’s words coming harder now. JACK (cont'd) I sat there as Frank told the old man that he didn’t see what he saw. I watched Frank get more and more pissed because the guy wouldn’t change his story. Not understanding why the police are asking him to lie. Frank screaming at him... Next thing I know Frank’s got the barrel of his gun in the guy’s mouth, hammer back. The searing, painful images flying through Jack’s head. JACK (cont’d) I’m screaming at Frank to cool down when he... just fell. 102. Tears starting to show. JACK (cont’d) That old man was doing the right thing - He was telling the truth. And he’s dead because of it. Jack staring into space. JACK (cont’d) Walked out of there and never said a word. Not that day. Not the next. Not ever. Frank knew I wouldn’t. Because he trained me to be just like him. Only he could forget it. And I couldn’t. Looks down at Nugent. JACK (cont’ d) I looked back and realized I was heading for that night for a long time. Making my own rules or following his. “Until I was as broken and corrupt as him, _ (beat) I didn’t care after that night. About me or anything. The last words echo through the church. For a while no on speaks.
133) 6) dialog: Just saying good-bye.
133) 8) dialog: Hope you make it.
133) 10) dialog: Don’t. That way I won’t know if xov fucked up again. And I can elieve what I want. In spite of the pain... Eddie smiles. That same damn smil he had when we first met him in that cell ninety-eight minutes ago.
133) 12) dialog: Hey. Eddie stopping. JACK (cont’d) What’s the answer?
133) 14) dialog: Damn. And Eddie’s gone. 104.
135) 0) text: Jack standing with Father Connelly, taking a deep breath looking back at Frank Nugent.
135) 2) dialog: I’ll never feel good. And that’s what I’1l have to live with.
135) 4) dialog: Because there’s gotta be a line.
136) 0) text: ROWS and ROWS of New York City POLICEMEN stand waiting. AVIATION UNITS hover in overhead, K-9 and Emergency Servi line the block. And outside of that, yetlow police tape cordons off SPECTATORS who line the sidewalk six deep. Slowly the church doors open. Father Connelly emerges first, Jack right behind him.
138) 0) text: Ray Fitzpatrick cradles his Maunz 308 Assault rifle and stares through the Hauser scope waiting for Jack to step view...
138) 8) dialog: Church.
138) 10) dialog: Mr. Bunker’s no longer with us. Hagen’s face goes red. JACK (cont’d) I’1ll be taking his place. (off their looks) I have information pertaining to the witness tampering investigation dating back four years. Names, cases and dates. Including charges of extortion and manslaughter. Stunned Silence. The magnitude starting to be understood all.
138) 12) dialog: Expunge Bunker’s record. Wipe it clean. Like he never existed.
138) 14) dialog: Just some peace. You got any left in there? And on those words Jack’s led inside and the large doors 100 Centre Street close.
139) 0) text: White concrete buildings in the middle of nowhere surroun by acres of chain link fences and razor wire. The Visitors Yard is full of FAMILIES and INMATES. The HO SOUNDS ending visiting time. We spot Jack walking towards the gate with Diane. He looks healed and healthy, having dropped a few pounds. She holds his hands and looks at hi with a mixture of worry and pride.
139) 1) dialog: You love him?
139) 3) dialog: Then I’m happy. They get to the gate.
139) 5) dialog: You’re not worried he might change his mind in the next nine months? Diane smiles and hugs him.
140) 0) text: Dorm like rooms with steel _and glass doors that line bot sides of a wide hallway. All of them open now... INT. JACK’S CELL 10x10 with a desk, cot and sink. A small window with bars sits above the sink. Jack tossing bird seed to some pigeo perched on the ledge outside. The SOUND of mail being tossed inside his room. Several magazines, two letters and a small UPS box. Jack taking t box and looking at it. Cuts it open and takes out... 108. A cake. Decorated like a monopoly board. Only instead of Park Pla and Broadway the squares are Baxter Street, Lafayette, th 5th Precinct, St. Francis Church _and 100 Centre Street. Sixteen blocks worth of wonderfully decorated and colorfu squares. Jack not sure if he’s going to laugh or cry. Sliding his finger across the bottom and tasting the icing.
140) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch... Taking it and walking out into the hall. JACK (cont’d) Bernie. Ted. You guys got to try this. Not noticing the picture fall from the box onto the floor But we do. It’s Eddie. Standing in front of a small . storefront with hand painted letters on the window. Weari a Chef’s hat. And that smile.