54) 4) text: EDDIE (cont’d) I was ust surprised to see him here when I knew I had an appointment with him tonight... in Samarra.” Eddie waits the required length for a dramatic pause. EDDIE (cont’d) See? You can’t cheat destiny. The bullet blows through Jack’s right hand before the SHO HEARD. Jack falling to his knees, catching sight of MALDONADO on far roof in front of them, already on his ceil. Eddie helping Jack to his feet and dragging him back. Ove the facade to the next roof. Stopping as KALLER climbs on the roof 60 yards in front of them. Now moving for rear of their roof, blood seeping out of Jack’s palm.
58) 0) text: Ortiz, Kaller and Maldonado coolly and aaickly dispensin directions to THREE MORE COPS. Sealing off the exits an fanning out in pairs, heading inside.
59) 0) text: Pandemonium. PEOPLE STREAMING out of the warehouse, chick pecking at their legs and arms. The chickens flooding the sidewalk and darting into the street. Kaller and Maldonado unable to stem the flow. Not enough eyes to see it all. WAREHOUSE WORKERS in long white coats desperately trying gather the chickens, getting pecked for their troubles. Only now noticing two of the white coats ignore the chick and just walk off. We lose them in all the confusion... just as Nugent’s car pulls to the curb, Nugent out before it stops. Eyeing the surroundings with interest. Kaller stepping to the car.
59) 1) dialog: The block’s sealed. He can’t get ar.
60) 0) text: Nugent’s car SCREECHING UP behind Madam Solka’s just as Kaller and Ortiz exit the rear of the building. No Jack. Momentary confusion. Sense memory washes through Nugent.
64) 0) text: Two ratty arm chairs and graffiti tagged mail boxes. Orti and Maldonado FLYING through the front doors, Touhey and Kaller from the rear. Elevator already open and empty. FOOTSTEPS echo above them. Ortiz and Maldonado up the bac stairs. Touhey and Kaller up the front.
64) 5) dialog: ++. could be in any one of the rooms. But definitely in the building. Want us to door to door it?
86) 0) text: Mulvey, Torres, Kaller and Maldonado surrounding the bus. Nugent arriving, quickly sizing up the situation.