46) 0) text: Bishop sits at his desk, a Jeweler's Loup over one eye, working with soldering iron and electronic tools, meticul Behind him, tacked to the wall, are copies of the buildin plans. Heavily inked. Routes in and out penned in. Locations of security. Photographs. He's done his recon. Sitting in the sun on a window ledge: an open jar of Mayonnaise, turning rancid. A fly buzzes around it. THROUGH THE JEWELER'S LOUP: Bishop is working on a hearin aide. Tweezers adjust a tiny chip, slot it into place... Phone rings. Bishop eyes it for a beat. Snaps it up. The voice on the other end is world weary, professional. DEAN
164) 0) text: Bishop sits in a chair. Through blinds, views of gray DC. WIDER. We realize that the plain woman is sitting across from Bishop, watching him. Finally, the door opens and DE enters. Pasty white, slightly balding. It's hard to locat where the sense of power come from, but it's there, innat He motions to the woman who leaves. Dean sits at his desk taps his fingers on it.
164) 1) dialog: You look like shit.
164) 4) dialog: You sure that's wise?
164) 11) dialog: No... And for the record, I don't believe you'd ask for it. Dean grabs a remote control on his desk, points it at the of flatscreens on the wall which hum to life, muted. News reports featuring the killing of the Turkish Embassa Shots of the woman, smiling. Helicopter shots of the pool structure. Words scroll: "Terror on our soil." "Assassination!" "US Envoy ejected from Turkey..."
164) 16) dialog: 
164) 20) dialog: And here I thought we were both going to live forever. Bishop smiles. Dean stares at him. Bishop stares back. Suddenly, this becomes the moment, the decision...
164) 28) dialog: 
164) 31) dialog: 
196) 0) text: Steve is in front of the electronic wall of info on Bisho His hospital report open. In a separate window, video fee of the real Bishop in his barn working on his car. Steve marks the injury on Bishop, then opens a new window Multiple images of the scrap of paper on Dean's desk. Ste gets to work enlarging, rotating, skewing the images... Music and LAUGHTER filter in from outside. Steve becomes aware of the noise from outside, frowns.
202) 0) text: Dean squints in the back of his limo as it pulls into daylight. He's on the phone, eyes darting, nervous.
206) 0) text: Dean's eyes track the outside, the limo making the final onto the street. Security visible ahead.
206) 1) dialog: 
206) 9) dialog: Just go -- no, don't tell me where. Just go, okay. Okay? Yes, I'll call you soon, I gotta go...
207) 0) text: Steve and Bishop, MOVING. They pass directly behind a COMMAND VEHICLE. Security on headsets, watching monitors. LOCAL POLICE are also working, one COP in particular guar the corner of the perimeter. Bishop nods to Steve who heads up the stairs towards the building. Bishop checks his watch, looks down the street where DEAN'S LIMO and escort have turned the corner. Bishop moves to the cop, stands in front of him. The guy patiently puts a hand on him, moving him on. Bishop doesn't move. The cop FROWNS. A needle hits a record's surface. "Pleased to meet you, h you guess my name..."
207) 2) dialog: ...Bishop? Bishop does NOTHING. Security reads Dean's fear, closes o Bishop even as Dean himself starts to BACK AWAY, separati himself from his own security, now turning to RUN... ... Straight into Steve, gun raised. A small moment froze in time as Dean understands his end... BANG BANG! - BANG! Steve double-taps Dean in the chest, t one to head. And CHAOS begins its rule. Security which were closing on Bishop now REVERSE, draw weapons and FIRE at Steve who drops down in the small cem crease between stairs and statues. ON STEVE. Ducked low, bullet shattering granite and marbl around him, LAUGHING. The first glimpse of something WRON inside this young man.
233) 0) text: Steve enters the study, looking down at Bishop's record player, looks back at the wall of work on Dean. Smoke see through the walls, pushes through cracks in sills. Steve opens Bishop's record collection, takes the pristin collector's Hendrix. The one never played. He moves into the living room. FLAMES lick across the wal Through the smoke, he sees the portrait of Bishop staring back at him. He raises the album in thanks.