37) 38) dialog: Hey. Nice to meet you. You work for my father?
37) 40) dialog: So you're a criminal?
37) 42) dialog: Relax, relax. I'm kidding. A last beat between Steve and Bishop, then Steve lets it turns his attention to his father.
37) 45) dialog: I have no idea. And don't pretend you care, either. Write the check, go to the party, smile when the
37) 56) dialog: Thirty thousand. (Suddenly, to Bishop) You know, I can't tell what you're thinking, Mr. Bishop. Usually, I'm very good with that, with people. Sort of like a bullshit detector I developed. But you're very... hard to read.
37) 58) dialog: Don't be. So what are you thinking?
37) 60) dialog: 
37) 63) dialog: Thank you, dad. Are we going to see you at the house any time soon?
37) 65) dialog: Anything I can do?
37) 73) dialog: Well it's good to meet you Mr. Bishop. My father seems to trust you, which is... unusual. Bishop and McKenna watch as he hits the atrium, hands Lou the check who goes out of her mind, jumping up and down, giving him a kiss that speaks of more to come, trotting o Steve glances back one more time, then follows her.
61) 0) text: WITH STEVE as he pushes through doors into a MASS of Poli detectives, private security, lawyers, all milling about phones, gathered around a figure on the ground...
63) 0) text: Steve stares down at his dead father. A COP draws a line around the body. Steve is expressionless.
65) 0) text: Blue-gray morning. Cold wind blows across the rooftop. Steve watches the last police leave. He's alone. He stare down at the outline where his father lay.
66) 0) text: A funeral in progress, hundreds of flower arrangements, decorations, fit for a head of state. A few dozen attende At the front, Steve McKenna sits in front of his father's coffin, cold. His girlfriend Louise next to him, weeping. She cries at funerals. Bishop stands at the back. His eyes scan over the proceedings. Sixth-sense, Steve suddenly turns his head, makes eye contact with Bishop.
67) 0) text: At the gravesite, men fill in the hole with dirt. Nearby, six limousines are lined up. But only the one directly af the hearse has its door open for Louise who stands, waiti looking for Steve. Bishop watches the dirt hit the coffin. Then looks over a Steve approaches through mausoleums.
67) 2) dialog: 
67) 11) dialog: Yeah, all of that. Empty limos. Fake guests. All so that the papers print what an important and respected man Harry was. Steve takes in the one or two guests, already counting th money a few yards away. Shakes his head.
68) 1) dialog: You know, what I don't get is you. Harry didn't have any friends.
68) 3) dialog: So?
68) 5) dialog: So your old man was into all that?
68) 8) dialog: Well, that is refreshingly honest, Mr. Bishop. What about you? Bishop doesn't answer, steers the car up a manicured driv P.O.V. - THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: An ESTATE. A main house, lawns, pools, guest houses.
69) 0) text: Steve and Bishop get out of the car. The McKenna estate w modeled neoclassical for a wanna-be emperor. Now a week o youth with limitless credit has left its mark. A SOUND SYSTEM has been set up poolside. A DJ spins a trance-like deep groove. YOUNG WOMEN lounge around the pool in bikini less. Beautiful and bored. YOUNG MEN, most dressed modern hip-hop, mostly white, eyeball the women, fist-bump each other, drink beers. Steve takes the whole thing in, nods, somehow pleased.
69) 1) dialog: Why is it so comforting, when people surpass even our lowest expectations?
69) 4) dialog: Please. A favor to me. None of these people even remembered what today was. Bishop nods. They move into the scene. People recognize Steve, hug or bump-fists. Steve's friendly, but stays loc on Bishop. Bishop observes it all, not uncomfortable.
69) 7) dialog: I think maybe we're all doomed to become our fathers. I'll probably die spoiled, corrupt, lonely and alone. Runs in the blood. What would that make you?
69) 14) dialog: You think so? Just chuck all this and go help the children in South America, something like that?
69) 16) dialog: Well look at you, Mr. Bishop. You're a dreamer. Steve heads inside. A beat, Bishop follows.
70) 0) text: As soon as they enter, Steve finds himself locked up by t BEAUTIES who whisper excitedly in his ear.
70) 2) dialog: No, in fact I'm pretty sure that's illegal in this state.
71) 0) text: Steve and Bishop move into another room where two HUGE flatscreens have converted the room into a Wii court. You muscle-bound posers play a first person head-to-head shoo game. Others drink, CHEER. Two bump fists with Steve. One fronts cool at Bishop, fak a punch at him. Bishop just watches, doesn't do a thing. The kid smiles, nods... On the floor, paintings of Harry McKenna, discarded.
72) 0) text: This used to be Harry's realm. Now Steve's taken it over. Giant ornate king bed. Huge balcony overlooking the estat Steve goes to the railing of the balcony, looks down at t grounds, the people. Bishop hangs back, glances into a private study, untouched from when Harry ruled there. Papers, books, a portrait of Harry over the desk.
72) 6) dialog: You know, I went up there. To where my father died.
72) 8) dialog: Hell of a place to die. Lonely... Bishop comes abreast of Steve, also looks down. Removed f the party and the pool area, a separate area of the estat contains an outdoor gym. Weights, exercise equipment, a fighting matt and martial arts equipment all present.
72) 10) dialog: If the body is weak, the mind can't be strong. Bishop nods, impressed. Something about this young man. Engaged, observing Bishop, but not needy.
72) 13) dialog: 
72) 16) dialog: No, please. You've seen this much. Aren't you interested? I am. Off Bishop...
73) 0) text: Steve and Bishop push through a guarded gate, up a small arriving at a beautiful bungalow, set back in the gardens Candle light glows inside.
74) 0) text: Louise is nude, immersed in the water of a jacuzzi locate the center of the room. On the side, she has a bottle of scotch, some pills, and two razor blades. She looks up at Steve, streaked eyes dart to Bishop.
74) 2) dialog: A friend. Would have thought you'd have started by now.
74) 4) dialog: Okay. I'm here. I'm watching.
74) 6) dialog: No, I know you, Louise. You'll do just about anything if it'll get you enough attention.
74) 8) dialog: Do I? Louise blinks, scared a little. But she pushes the fear away, picks up one of the razor blades. A beat, then with quick gesture, she slices across one wrist. Blood rises t the surface, runs down her arms into the water. Steve doesn't move. Neither does Bishop. Louise picks up the second blade with the cut hand. Fingers fumble, but s gets it. Slices across her other wrist.
74) 16) dialog: 
75) 0) text: Bishop sits with Steve on the patio. From inside, Louise' soft crying can be heard. Seen through the trees in front them, young people dance, splash, party.
75) 3) dialog: 
75) 11) dialog: You can help her if you want. The sounds of water, splashing. Louise arrives on the pat a blood-stained robe loosely pulled on around her. Mascar eyes ran. She stares down at Steve.
75) 13) dialog: You know what the kick of it is, Louise? If you actually had the stones, then there's be something for us. But in 30 seconds when you run down that path and all of those people go crazy saving your life... Well, then we'll be done.
75) 17) dialog: Maybe nothing. Maybe you never really knew me. A beat. Louise, looking between the two men. She SWAYS on her feet and Bishop puts a hand out, steadies her.
75) 19) dialog: Go on, Louise. You'll do fine. The world's gonna love you. Louise steps away, turns, stumbling down the path into th dark. A beat, the men just watching after her and then a SCREAM from below. COMMOTION, ACTION. People rush to Louise, help her to the ground. Others pulling out cell phones, call for help. Louise's LOUD cries drift back.
75) 26) dialog: We'll never know, will we? Steve rises, heads up a small path.
76) 0) text: Steve and Bishop, walking high above the estate. Far belo them, the lights of an ambulance in the driveway.
76) 2) dialog: Everybody dies.
76) 4) dialog: Such as? Bishop stops, looks down at the action far below them.
76) 7) dialog: Everybody can kill. You take a mother, protecting her child...
76) 9) dialog: Why are you telling me all this?
76) 17) dialog: You know, you're right. You grow up spoiled, rich, like me... Only thing you really learn to recognize in people is when someone wants something from you.
76) 20) dialog: Yes, it has. Bishop turns, heads back down towards the estate. Steve watches him go.
84) 0) text: Steve sits in his father's office chair, staring back at occasionally nodding. We REVERSE to find a collection of Investigators, a Forensic Doc, and a hardened SECURITY SPECIALIST. The Doc is in the middle of a presentation. BOARDS hold diagrams, conclusions, crime scene photos, al about Harry McKenna. The Doc demonstrates the precise hold, the pressure point that killed Harry McKenna. Steve watches, impassive.
87) 0) text: Steve is there, pounding on the door.
87) 1) dialog: Mr. Bishop! Arthur! Please, I need to speak with you. The front door opens. Bishop, fronting sleepy. Steve is ENERGIZED, LIT, eyes blazing.
87) 3) dialog: I wanna show you something. Please. It'll be... It'll be interesting.
88) 0) text: Steve drives, too fast. Bishop is shotgun. The rear area usually reserved for passengers is empty.
88) 2) dialog: I'd rather show you. I know, melodramatic. But I think it'll be worth it to you. Bishop TENSES, almost imperceptible as Steve pilots the c into the underground structure beneath McKenna Holding Co
89) 0) text: Car screeches to a stop. Steve grabs a case, is out. Bishops takes in the area. Two of Steve's SECURITY there, looking stern. Bishop checks the gun he has concealed in waistband, reaches for his door.
90) 0) text: Elevator opens at the very top. Steve pushes out onto the roof. Bishop follows. Security lighting floods on, illuminating the desolate surface in eerie even light.
90) 8) dialog: (off the papers) You know what that says? My dad didn't die of a heart attack. I mean, he was dying of a heart attack, but that's not what killed him. The blood flow to his brain was cut off, his brain died before his body. Somebody killed him. On Bishop, considering Steve.
90) 10) dialog: 
90) 13) dialog: They killed him. Here, on the roof of his own building. His own security all around. Why here? Why even kill him, if he was already dying?
90) 15) dialog: To make a point. That no one's safe. That they can get to anyone, whenever they want to.
90) 22) dialog: I got my black belt in Karate when I was nineteen. I've studied Judo since I was six.
90) 24) dialog: No, you're not. Most people are, but you're not. If I came at you right now, I'd wind up dead as my father, wouldn't I? Bishop doesn't answer. Steve breaks away, looks down at t place where his father died.
90) 28) dialog: You really going to stand there and judge how much I loved my father? What the hell do you know about it? Bishop, hearing this. A nerve touched.
90) 31) dialog: You know the word "Nemesis"? It's not actually a word. It's a name. She was one of the Greek goddesses. Of anger. Retribution against any mortal who became too proud.
90) 38) dialog: The executor of divine justice. It's a beautiful idea, don't you think? Justice.
90) 40) dialog: 
90) 44) dialog: I won't. Beat. Bishop nods, starts to leave, turns back...
92) 0) text: Big King bed, never used. A huge painting by the Artist o the wall across from the bed. Landscape. Empty. Ruined. Bishop hoists the painting down off the wall. He has a pr out from his computer, tacks it in the center of the blan space left by the painting: The picture of Steve, scanned from the McKenna Obituary, enlarged. Tacked alone on the wall. A start.
93) 0) text: Bishop stands on the corner, waiting. He checks his watch 6:58. Steve's Bentley pulls up to the corner, parks in a handicapped space. Steve gets out, nods to Bishop. Bishop takes in Steve, the Bentley, a metermaid ten yards away, already moving towards them.
95) 0) text: As they enter, fluorescent lights flicker on. Cheap, overused. Some burnt out, others shorting. ROWS OF GURNEYS line the room. Bodies, covered in green morgue drapes. Steve's eyes play over it. He swallows. Bishop is cold, business-like.
95) 4) dialog: The psychopath has no motive.
95) 12) dialog: I understand.
95) 14) dialog: I am. Another drape falls. A beautiful woman. No signs of injur
95) 16) dialog: My father used it. A dealer... a guy who works the tables. Bishops smiles, shakes his head.
95) 19) dialog: I had you pegged as... a security consultant. Maybe ex-military. Someone who... protects people.
95) 21) dialog: Or maybe you just get paid to kill people. Bishop nods his head yes.
95) 29) dialog: Bullshit. Bishop nods, smiles. He moves away from the tables, leave Steve standing in the middle of it all.
95) 31) dialog: You need a... friend?
95) 34) dialog: Because you think I'm a natural.
95) 37) dialog: Bishop...
95) 45) dialog: You didn't answer my question. A beat. Bishop nods.
96) 0) text: Dropping into the middle of a FIGHT. Steve and Bishop, attacking each other, mixed martial arts. Steve is the aggressor, moves in knocking Bishop's defens away. HITTING Bishop who takes the punch, steps back... Steve's still on him. Kicking, two, three times. Bishop catches a kick, tosses Steve back. He lands cat-like on h feet, comes back at Bishop, strong. Hitting, pushing Bish back against a wall, seeming to dominate the fight. BUZZ! A buzzer goes off. Bishop drops his guard, would be flattened if Steve didn't pull his punch, walks out.
97) 0) text: Behind Bishop's gym is a rifle range. An assortment of weapons lie on a table. In front of them, some trees, som old cars... some bottles sitting on the limbs of the tree Bishop picks up a handgun, checks his pulse. Steve has obviously learned from him, does the same. Bishop raises the gun. BLAM! BLAM! Two bottles shatter at 30 yards. He tosses Steve the gun. Steve keeps two finger on his pulse.
97) 1) dialog: I'm still at 130.
97) 3) dialog: I know. I'm working on it. Bishop nods, picks up the rifle, sights. BLAM! 1,000 yard away, the bullet IMPACTS the head-rest of an abandoned ca Bishop looks to Steve who gives up, raises the handgun. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Three shots. Three misses. Steve tosses down the gun, frustrated.
97) 10) dialog: What am I supposed to do?
97) 13) dialog: Bishop... What's your 100% look like? Bishop smiles.
98) 0) text: Two cars BLISTERING down the highway. Bishop's Cobra and Steve in a classic Maserati. They JOCKEY for position, WE in and out of the other cars on the road. WITH BISHOP. Portrait of control. Expertly working the tuned car, coaxing power and speed out of it. WITH STEVE. Careless, going for broke, not caring if he h the space to make his moves. He SWERVES his car, right at Bishop... ... who has to PEEL away, off the highway, onto the smoot dirt-pack. He DOWNSHIFTS, blasts back onto the road, catching air. Steve LAUGHS out load as they CREST the top a rise... LOOMING AHEAD: An existing accident. A beer truck jack- knifed across the freeway. Bishop BRAKES, fighting for control. Steve SWERVES his car, too fast, it goes into a SPIN... C another car, gains air and PLOWS ass-backwards into the s of the beer truck. BISHOP'S CAR slides to a stop. Bishop gets out, tracks: STEVE, climbing out of the Maserati onto the hood protrud from the side of the truck. LAUGHING, WHOOOPING at the sk Bishop approaches, sees that hundreds of bottles of BEER cascaded out of the punctured truck. Steve wipes blood from a cut on his forehead, grabs a bee and cracks it, swigs as he sits on the Maserati hood. He grabs another, tosses it to Bishop.
98) 6) dialog: Come on up, man. The view is beautiful. Bishop takes in the situation, the small crowd gathering. he jumps up, sits on the hood of the car with Steve, both leaning back against the cracked windshield.
98) 8) dialog: You think? Steve puts out his beer. A hesitation, then Bishop clinks beers with him. They both drink. Stretched out in front o them, the highway seems to go on forever.
98) 11) dialog: Why don't you?
99) 0) text: Steve comes in from the guest-house, showered. Sees Bisho at the dining room table, takes in the place for the firs time. The art on the walls.
99) 1) dialog: You know, looking at these, a person might think maybe there's a screw or two loose up there... Steve catches sight of a manila envelope in front of his empty place.
99) 10) dialog: Who's the Mark?
102) 0) text: Concealed amidst exotic Guatemalan wraps, Steve tracks th Watch Shop. The attractive older woman running the stall eyes him. He looks right through her. STEVE'S P.O.V.: Bishop exits, heading back into the marke
104) 0) text: Bishop turns away from the stand carrying the doll. A GRO of teens RUNS by Bishop, buffeting him for a moment. Slightly off kilter, he checks his surroundings. Nothing. Bishop starts again, aware for the first time that a MAN headed his direction, passing a knife-sharpening stand, blades gleaming, his face hidden by a low hat... Bishop tracks the figure out of the corner of his eye, tu and pushes through the tight space between two stalls, ou the back where trucks are parked. Bishops glances back fo the man, squeezes between two large trucks... ...coming out the other side when POP! A loud SOUND makes Bishop glance over. A HISSING coming from one of the truc which starts to ROLL backwards and Suddenly HANDS are on Bishop from behind, PUSHING HIM backwards, into the space between the two trucks! A FLASH SPLIT SECOND to stare into Steve's face, holding him ther be crushed and...
104) 7) dialog: Good? That's all you got? How about God damn perfect, man?
104) 9) dialog: Broad daylight. A thousand witnesses. Man takes a wrong step. Excuse me if I take a moment to appreciate myself. Because that was poetry. (laughing, smiling) You just can't bring yourself to be impressed, can you? Bishops considers, notices that the Luna Cromwell doll ha fallen in the gutter. Picks it up, tries to dry it.
104) 12) dialog: Damn straight I did. And now, in celebration of me, I'm taking you to a restaurant where the waitresses... what? Something about Bishop's serious gaze has stopped Steve. Bishop reaches into his jacket, places a gun in Steve's hands. A confused beat, Steve conceals the weapon.
104) 21) dialog: Yeah. Look...
104) 23) dialog: Who is he?
104) 25) dialog: I know. I meant... what did he do? Bishop comes close, FOCUSED.
104) 27) dialog: Bishop...
104) 29) dialog: No. I'm ready. Bishop studies him... nods. Turns to go.
106) 0) text: Steve sits in a nondescript car, lights out, parked. STEVE'S P.O.V.: Two stories up, a lit apartment. The WATC STORE OWNER crosses by one of the lit windows.
110) 0) text: Carefully, slowly, Steve makes his way down the hall towa the lit living room.
116) 3) dialog: Are you surprised to see me? Beat. Steve reaches over, turns on a table lamp as he loo up. His face is BRUISED, bloody. His clothing, stained an ripped. In his hand, Bishop's gun from the sideboard. Bishop TENSES, doesn't react. Steve spits blood, smiles.
116) 15) dialog: Bishop! --
116) 17) dialog: I don't give a damn about that! You haven't answer my question: Did he kill my father? Bishop doesn't react, then...
116) 19) dialog: I could have died today!
116) 21) dialog: Blind fucking luck! Look at me! You tried to kill me! That man was... he was unstoppable.
116) 23) dialog: Fuck you! You sonofabitch! Give me one good reason I don't blow you away right now! ONE GOD DAMN
116) 35) dialog: Bishop. Those things... they don't mean anything to me. This, makes sense. I don't know why. But I think I was meant to do this.
117) 0) text: Bishop fires up the computer hooked to the printer. He glances over. Steve is standing in the doorway. Bishop tosses Steve the jump-drive. Steve studies it, slots it i the computer. Almost instantly, the phone rings. Bishop punches on SPEAKER. The same silence.
117) 8) dialog: Bishop... Nemesis. Devine Retribution. ...What did she do? Beat. Unsaid questions asked, unanswered.
119) 0) text: Steve collects his cell phone from the other side of a me detector, slots a bluetooth and heads in. Bishop's voice fills his ears.
119) 3) dialog: (eyes moving fast) Sixteen, no, eighteen. Four second intervals. One of the men notices Steve who starts forward to ask a question. The man points him down the hallway towards the consulat's reception. Steve's eyes track monitors.
122) 7) dialog: She never leaves. It's like they know we're coming.
122) 9) dialog: Falls off the rooftop.
122) 11) dialog: 
122) 14) dialog: Let me ask you something. You ever not feel like running 5 miles?
124) 0) text: Steve, alone in Bishop's home. He moves from room to room He hits the kitchen, looks in the fridge, makes a face at empty shelves, the bottles of supplements. He moves on, pauses to stare at the gas fireplace in the study... moves on towards Bishop's bedroom, takes in the bed. Runs a finger across the headboard, dusty. He STARES at the large painting across from the bed...
124) 2) dialog: I don't know. Feels disturbed.
125) 0) text: Steve follows Bishop to the wall of research on the femal mark. Bishop points to some OLD RESEARCH on the Mark, glamorous. She was a model.
125) 3) dialog: ...He can't see her.
126) 0) text: Nice downtown joint. Businesspeople dine. Second-story tinted glass looking out over downtown. TRACKING over fac laughing, drinking, relieved to be done for the week... Finding Bishop, sitting alone, watching the people. The flirtations, the animosities... He looks down at the stre below where a UPS driver has exited the building. Steve breaks the frame, sits down across from Bishop.
126) 2) dialog: Patrol number three moves down the service corridor at 18:50. Five minute window after to make it up top. Three minute climb to position. That's 18:54. Three minute window to engage. Shake, stir, add lime and enjoy. Bishop smiles, looks away.
126) 15) dialog: You ever wish you just... walked away? Let it go?
129) 0) text: Steve and Bishop push UPWARDS through a stream of people flooding DOWN the emergency stairs. They reach a heavy do locked and alarmed. Beat. Three people burst out from the inside. Steve catches the door and they're through...
130) 0) text: A few LAWYERS and a SECRETARY still collecting their thin look up as Bishop and Steve push in, holding up badges.
130) 1) dialog: Hey! You need to get out! Whole building is going up! Bishop and Steve move on as the startled employees leave. They move down five doors, push into...
131) 0) text: A private office. Desk, computer, a handwritten note read "Leave mail here, will be back Wednesday." A box from UPS which Bishop TEARS open. Inside, what looks like a large WEAPON. Steve goes to the windows, pushes them open. P.O.V. - THE EMBASSY ACROSS: Changing its security patter Men are leaving posts on exterior patios, locking doors. Below, the excess manpower is channeled to the front. Bishop turns, FIRES OUT THE WINDOW. A Cable streaks acros SINKS into the wall of the embassy 30 feet away. Bishop HOOKS the cable on this side, tosses the gun in the box. Steve seals it with tape, slaps a return label on it. He crosses the hall, tosses it in the MAIL ROOM. When he returns, Bishop's already secured the cable outside.
133) 0) text: Steve lands next to Bishop who unfastens the cord they us to cross, spools it back to them. A look. No way back now and no trace left behind. Jackets strip, reverse to the pattern of the embassy Security. A quick lock pick, and they slip inside.
135) 0) text: Two guards monitor screens: Corridors, rooms, entrances a exits. Pairs of guards make their rounds. CLOSING IN ON ONE PAIR. Something about them... The guard squints just as the image CHANGES, showing another part o the embassy. The guard hits a toggle, returns the previou image... But Bishop and Steve are gone.
140) 0) text: The second Guard tests the door. Seems fine. Takes out hi flashlight and plays it over the roof. Sees nothing. We REVERSE to find Steve there, tucked away, just out of sig
144) 0) text: Bishop has already shed his wet clothing, pulls on dry clothes as Steve comes into the room. They barely acknowledge each other, business. Bishop stuffs the wet clothes in a bag, dumps it into a LAUNDRY chute.
144) 1) dialog: How did it go --
145) 0) text: Tight, PITCH BLACK except for the eerie glow coming from glowsticks Bishop and Steve have in their teeth. They sli FAST, the sides of the tube RUSHING up at them. And then suddenly a dim LIGHT at the bottom, rising fast...
146) 0) text: Steve lands hard in a cart of towels. Rises and pushes himself out of the way just in time for Bishop who grabs pack he tossed down, shoulders it, and they're MOVING aga now through sub-corridors.
146) 1) dialog: Alright, you gotta admire that. You gotta admit, we are a spooky good team...
147) 0) text: Cover in the floor is tossed aside. Bishop and Steve emer move 6 feet to a non-descript Buick. Climb in. The keys a waiting, Bishop starts it up, drives up the ramp. Next to him, Steve is catatonic, lost. As he drives, Bish RIPS a strip from his shirt, pads the wound in his side.
147) 2) dialog: ...It was my fault. I was in charge of the exit. I looked at every work order, every entry in the building logs...
150) 1) dialog: You're bleeding.
150) 3) dialog: So back there. That was one hundred percent? Bishop looks over, gives nothing. Tiny smile.
151) 0) text: Door opens and Bishop and Steve come in. Steve plops in a chair, head in his hands. A beat, and then MUSIC filters Neil Young's "Needle and the Damage Done." He raises his head, sees light glowing from the study.
152) 0) text: Bishop sits in a chair, eyes closed. Steve comes in, star at Bishop. Looks over and admires the surface of the spinning record...
152) 1) dialog: Do you think you know it, when you've made the mistake you won't survive? Or will it be like the Marks? Wake up on top of the world, never know...
152) 9) dialog: You haven't found the... Are you kidding? You have to -- what? Bishop's eyes SHOOT open. He looks out the window where a series of SEDANS are pulling up. Men get out, approach.
155) 0) text: Steve stands in the middle of Bishop's home. Home alone. -- Steve stares at the classic vinyl on Bishop's turntabl -- Steve, wiring his IPod to Bishop's stereo. Nine Inch Nails' "Piggy" comes blasting out, insults the speakers. -- Steve moves to the bedroom, STARES at the haunting painting. He reaches forward, takes it down. Nothing. Blank wall behind.
156) 0) text: Steve blasts in, lights glow on, illuminate the wall of research on the Female Mark. He goes to the gas fireplace flames flicker up. Steve RIPS down the pictures of the woman. Moves to the fire and feeds the first one in. ON STEVE, watching. His eyes... Tracking to the side. STEVE'S P.O.V.: Down, below the fire, stuck to the side o the interior cavity... a scrap of paper... Steve kills the fire, reaches in, carefully removes the s of paper. A corner of a photograph. A few buildings, distant, out of focus. Almost nothing.
159) 0) text: Gray morning. Wind blows. Steve stands alone, holding the scrap of photograph, now in a plastic envelope. He stares where the chalk line has almost completely faded, then lo up, taking in the views, vantage points. A half mile away building under construction rises high.
161) 0) text: P.O.V. THROUGH A CAMERA: The McKenna Holding Corp buildin Image focuses on the rooftop, shutter clicks. Steve lowers the camera, looks at the display. He removes the scrap from Bishop's fireplace, compares it... the sam buildings in the corner of the frame. Perfect match. ON STEVE. No remaining doubt. Bishop killed his father.
161) 6) dialog: Do it. I don't care what it costs.
165) 0) text: Steve lays out by his pool, sunglasses, baking under the as his group of hangers-on swarm around him. Play, dance, splash. He's immune to all of it. Louise climbs from the pool, water drips off her perfect form. She nestles in behind Steve, her hands running over his body. He stares straight ahead, as if she didn't exist.
167) 0) text: Bishop enters, looks around. No sign of Steve, or any disturbance. He moves through the house.
169) 0) text: Bishop moves towards the darkened pool area. As he approaches, Steve comes into view, standing by himself on edge of the diving board in the center of the dark space.
169) 1) dialog: There you are. Thanks for coming.
169) 6) dialog: When was the last time you celebrated your real birthday? No response from Bishop. Steve nods, swigs the bottle aga He's lit, something fierce and fiery in his eyes.
169) 14) dialog: They think you're a friend of mine, a producer, from Canada.
170) 0) text: Bishop sits on an outdoor sofa, surrounded by several gorgeous aspiring MODELS. Steve sits across from him, Lou under his arm. Bishop watches as one of the models ties a cherry-stem into a knot with her tongue, presents it to t group to a round of applause.
170) 3) dialog: 
170) 8) dialog: Yes, Mr. Bishop. What do you do? Bishop doesn't respond. He's just staring down. BISHOP'S P.O.V.: Discarded, lying beneath the sofa the models are perched on: The tear-strip from a DHL Envelope
170) 21) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen! The man of the hour! A SPOTLIGHT hits Bishop. He squints up as the crowd makes space for him. Steve's near the DJ, speaking on a mic.
171) 3) dialog: No worries, man. It's your party. You can leave it.
171) 6) dialog: This thing we do. Finally, you always do it alone. Bishop nods unconsciously, starts towards his car, forces himself to stop.
171) 13) dialog: Uh-oh. I can feel some male bonding coming. We gonna hug it out, Bishop?
171) 15) dialog: Happy Birthday, Arthur. Steve raises a hand, shoots Bishop with a finger. A wink, and he turns and is gone, back to the party. Bishop climbs into his car, pulls away.
173) 0) text: Party rages on, oblivious to the absence of its recipient Suddenly faces turn UPWARDS... to where Steve is looking on everyone from a third story balcony over the pool.
173) 1) dialog: 
175) 0) text: Dark and empty in here, party raging outside. Bishop ente Steve's bedroom. Messy, the bed unmade. A woman's underthings lying on the floor. Bishop surveys the room, checks drawers, peers down into party below. He can see Steve in the middle of it all, Louise on his arm, his hand on her ass. Bishop moves to the office door, locked. He slides a pick set out of his pocket, gets to work.
177) 0) text: Steve has moved to the edge of the raised patio, looking into the valley. His eyes still, deep, impossible to read
177) 2) dialog: Give me a moment. I'll be right there. We'll do that amazing E. And he looks away, back down over the view. A resigned loneliness settling into his features.
178) 0) text: Bishop, just staring at the password prompt which throbs front of him. Beat. His eyes flick across to the few book lying on the desk. Weaponry, physiology... Greek Mytholog Bishop reaches forward, types "Nemesis." Hits ENTER. A moment... and then our minds are blown. The entire wall of the room in front of Bishop glows to l It's a one large high-resolution monitor. On it, glows an infinitely detailed work-up on Bishop. A photograph on hi glows at the center of the screen, changing every three o four seconds to another. This is Bishop's method, brought into the 21st century. Accounts, Medical charts, psych profile, associates, residence... Bishop approaches... takes it in. Touches "Accounts" and window SPREADS OUT across the whole wall. Multiple window all of Bishop's money, displayed in real time, the number subtly changing with the flow of foreign markets. Another window above is labeled "Associates." Bishop touc this one and the financial windows are replaced with a collage of FACES. Not too many. We recognize the Store Owner and his Daughter. Steve himself. An older man "Gera Bishop," Bishop's father. And a photo of the Woman. Bishop touches the woman and multiple images propagate ou from the single. Many stills, but several are in motion, looping: Childhood movies. A commercial done as a teen. A blue movie when she was 20. Bishop's eyes settle on a vid image: He and the woman, caught just an hour ago in the middle of the dancing party. The woman leaning to him, kissing him. Bishop stares at the image, then touches another image labeled "Residence." INSTANTLY, the images are replaced w images of the interior and exterior of Bishop's home. Bishop stares at them, confused. SQUINTS... realizing tha in one of the images, the trees lightly sway in the breez
179) 0) text: Door BURSTS open, Steve pushing in, his arms wrapped arou Louise and another gorgeous woman from the party. As the women hit the bed, start undressing each other, Steve tak moment -- sensing. Something not right. He pulls keys fro his pocket, unlocks the study door, peers in.
183) 0) text: Steve sits half-naked in the office chair, the high-tech illuminated in front of him. In the bed in the other room the two women are asleep, nude, draped over each other. Steve watches Bishop leave his table. He hits a control a the image SHIFTS, picks up Bishop checking his mail, grab a baseball cap from a rack as Bishop moves to his den, settles into a chair facing the television. Can't see his face, just the back of the cap on his head, the tv screen set to white static. He touches a key and the IMAGE ZOOMS on Bishop, moving slightly...
186) 0) text: Bishop enters, turns on lights. He threads his way throug his collection of beautiful automobiles until he reaches far wall. He ROLLS up a large steel door... ... revealing a wall, COVERED with his research on Steve. Lots of it, weeks of work. He moves forward to a paper th lists stats about Steve that includes a blank space for "Occupation:" Bishop fills it in: "Mechanic."
187) 0) text: The wall-sized monitor glows Steve's face as he watches t DHL driver get out, makes his way to the door, knock... Steve's eyes flick to what he can see of Bishop, asleep i the chair. No movement... Steve LEANS FORWARD, interested The DHL Driver knocks again, rings the bell. Still no motion... and then Bishop RISES from the chair, makes his to the door. Steve watches Bishop signing, closing the door and moving into his living room where he opens the package, consider the small jump-drive that slides into his hands. ON STEVE. Watching.
189) 0) text: Steve pushes in, looks around, tracks towards the study.
189) 1) dialog: Hello? Bishop? He enters the study, sees the WALL, the night's work. In center, a photograph of Dean, Bishop's boss.
189) 3) dialog: So who is he?
189) 10) dialog: What happened to you?
190) 0) text: Steve comes out to find Bishop working intently on a chem project. He's pouring a black plastic-like substance into shallow mold creating a Quarter-sized object. EXTREME CAR
190) 1) dialog: What's that?
191) 1) dialog: So that's how we take him out?
191) 3) dialog: You makes bombs to focus your mind.
191) 5) dialog: Like with my father.
191) 12) dialog: Didn't think that was your style.
191) 15) dialog: Jesus... Bishop puts a hand out.
191) 17) dialog: What?
191) 19) dialog: So what you're saying is you and I are stuck with each other.
191) 21) dialog: ...For what?
191) 23) dialog: I knew what I was doing. Bishop considers, nods.
192) 0) text: Steve and Bishop push in, backpacks on. Trash, bad lighti sad people in dirty hallways. They start up a long flight of stairs.
193) 0) text: Steve and Bishop push out onto this dilapidated rooftop, Washington DC spread out around them. They unpack gear fr the backpacks. Tripod, camera and telescope are quickly assembled. Bishop steps back, lets Steve take the first look. Bishop takes notes.
193) 1) dialog: ...I count six... no seven at the main door. P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: The front entrance of the N building. The security check Bishop went through.
193) 4) dialog: ... Alright, got him. He's at his desk. We could take the shot right from here.
193) 12) dialog: Alright, fine. What are we doing here? Who is this guy? P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: Dean shouts into the phone, slams it down. Leaves his office. Bishop pulls away from the telescope, hunkers down to wait.
193) 14) dialog: Yeah, I'm getting that this isn't a job. It's just a really complicated... suicide. Bishop smiles. Steve moves off, restless.
194) 0) text: Whole day has passed. Bishop hasn't moved, stares across the NSA building, the corner office. Steve sits nearby.
194) 1) dialog: You know, you can front sonofabitch all you want, Bishop. You're scared, too. You don't really know how we're going to pull it off, do you? You ever think there's some things that just can't be done?
194) 3) dialog: Really? Because, this guy? I look at this guy, I don't see his death. I see my death. And I don't particularly like the view. Bishop notes the lights going back on in Dean's office, returns to the telescope and starts jotting notes in a bo P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: Dean back at his desk. He looks exhausted.
196) 0) text: Steve is in front of the electronic wall of info on Bisho His hospital report open. In a separate window, video fee of the real Bishop in his barn working on his car. Steve marks the injury on Bishop, then opens a new window Multiple images of the scrap of paper on Dean's desk. Ste gets to work enlarging, rotating, skewing the images... Music and LAUGHTER filter in from outside. Steve becomes aware of the noise from outside, frowns.
197) 0) text: Steve emerges onto the high balcony overlooking the never ending party. He raises a GUN and fires into the air. Faces, startled look up at him.
197) 1) dialog: Everybody out. I'm serious. Get the fuck off my property. A moment, then people start to flee. Only Louise, drink i hand, moves towards Steve, confused.
197) 8) dialog: You, too.
198) 0) text: Steve comes back into his office, facing the wall. He tos the gun on the table, gets back to work. Glances at one o the other open windows that shows Bishop at his fridge, pouring himself filtered water. Steve's hands fly. The images are pieced together, enlarg skewed until nonsensical markings resolve into an address Steve punches it into a search window, waits a beat, then eyes scan over the list of returns, lock onto something. He picks up the phone, punches a number. Watches as Bisho phone rings, watches Bishop answer it.
198) 2) dialog: It's the US Attorney's office in New York. He's running. He's trying to get out. Steve, trying to read Bishop's face, ZOOMING in.
198) 5) dialog: ...No, I don't suppose it does. A beat. The two men, far separated.
199) 0) text: Steve and Bishop step out of the airport with bags, hail taxi and climb in, headed into DC.
200) 0) text: Upscale streets lined with brownstone walk-ups. Steve and Bishop walk with roller bags and a shoulder tube past mot and Nanny's ushering their children to school.
201) 1) dialog: Besides, the angle isn't right, too flat. Except when they hit the stairs. It'll spread the group vertically. It's... the shot. Steve and Bishop work in quiet efficient silence. Each op their bag, removes a series of innocuous objects, begins dismantle them for the more important parts they conceal. From a clock, a firing mechanism. From the tube, an alumi barrel holds a fishing rod. The rod is discarded, the bar is attached to a hard plastic stock. AA Batteries are ope and slender shells are removed from each. As this strange choreography continues in silence, we PAN ACROSS to the dining room where a WOMAN and a MAN are bou and tied, pillowcases cinched over their heads. Their bindings allow them to hold each other's hands which they do, tight. They're terrified, but okay. Back in the living room, Bishop adds the last piece to th home-made rifle, a telescope, lifted from a child's gift snaps it on top of the rifle.
203) 0) text: Bishop puts the rifle to his shoulder, sights. Behind him Steve slips a blade from the crease of his suitcase, considers it, looks back to Bishop.
203) 1) dialog: You ever worry about the right and wrong of it all? I'm not talking about God, just... (tapping his chest) Whatever you feel here. BISHOP'S P.O.V. THROUGH THE SCOPE: The US Attorney buildi The security detail. The steps leading to the street.
203) 3) dialog: Come on. You're telling me you've never done anything just because it was the right thing to do, even if it didn't make any sense? You never took a chance like that? Bishop pulls his eye away from the scope a touch.
203) 5) dialog: How'd that work out for you? Beat. Then suddenly Bishop's view is obscured by a large truck, which has stopped trying to make the turn.
203) 7) dialog: There's no shot. What do we do? There's no shot.
205) 0) text: MOVING with Bishop, Steve following. Hats and sunglasses. They descend the steps onto the sidewalk, closing on the Attorney building ahead. Steve comes abreast of him as th move down the street.
205) 3) dialog: When?
207) 0) text: Steve and Bishop, MOVING. They pass directly behind a COMMAND VEHICLE. Security on headsets, watching monitors. LOCAL POLICE are also working, one COP in particular guar the corner of the perimeter. Bishop nods to Steve who heads up the stairs towards the building. Bishop checks his watch, looks down the street where DEAN'S LIMO and escort have turned the corner. Bishop moves to the cop, stands in front of him. The guy patiently puts a hand on him, moving him on. Bishop doesn't move. The cop FROWNS. A needle hits a record's surface. "Pleased to meet you, h you guess my name..."
209) 0) text: WHEELS SMOKE, Limo ACCELERATES backwards, angling UP THE STEPS. Security DIVE ASIDE as the Limo clears the rail, comes down HARD just across from the small alcove Steve's pressed into. The passenger door opens.
210) 0) text: Steve lands awkward in the front seat as Bishop throws th limo into drive, floors it DOWN the steps of the building men diving aside, swerving onto the street.
210) 1) dialog: Thanks.
212) 0) text: In front of Bishop, intersection after intersection of cr cutting traffic. Bishop speeds up or slows just a fractio making space for the limo, BARELY. He notices a hand-held automatic weapon secured to the da grabs it, checks his mirrors. IN THE REARVIEW: Bishop watches a pursuit car T-BONED by truck, then his view is blocked by STEVE and the DRIVER a they wrestle and fight. Over his initial surprise, the Driver's trained, and good He locks Steve up, SLAMS him against the window, choking UP AHEAD. Bishop sees a traffic jam LOOMING ahead, the li closing at 100 mph, no alternatives. He lowers the divide
212) 2) dialog: Working on that...
214) 0) text: Bishop and Steve slide in as POLICE CARS slide to a stop outside. Small glimpses of COPS and SWAT taking positions Steve peeks over a counter. A few cops fire. A glass wind SHEERS, fruit catches rounds.
214) 1) dialog: We have got to go! Steve's pointing at the rear exit. It looks far away.
216) 2) dialog: Not now, Bishop, we have to --
216) 4) dialog: Don't worry about it, Bishop. I brought myself into this. Bishop considers this, nods. And he's UP AND FIRING towar the SWAT.
218) 0) text: The WINDOW'S ERUPT in a hail of gunfire from the outside. Bishop hits the ground, rolls towards the rear exit. Bott and produce EXPLODING under the assault. Steve reaches th exit, glances back to see Bishop on his tail, room being chewed-up behind him.
219) 0) text: Steve BLOWS down a corridor. A SWAT member suddenly comes out of as side-door, raising his weapon... Steve FLATTENS him, comes up with the man's weapon, rever lining it straight at Bishop... who hits the ground, as S FIRES rounds pushing back pursuing SWAT behind Bishop. More SWAT push in, shields raised, guns lined. Bishop SLA into them from the side. Pushes one through a door, break anothers knee as he disarms him, moves after Steve.
220) 0) text: Steve and Bishop emerge almost simultaneously, race up th alley as SWAT emerges behind them, rounds tracing after t They clear the alley, onto...
221) 0) text: Pedestrians and shoppers crowd the small streets. Bishop Steve tear through people on opposite sides of the street overhead a helicopter clatters. Behind them, SWAT and COPS give chase. UP AHEAD, a van skids to a halt, SWAT pouring out. Bishop and Steve duck into...
222) 0) text: Travel agency. Displays fly as they muscle through to the back, then through service corridors, back into a RESTAUR headed for the front door... TWO COP cars close from outside. Bishop raises his weapon OPENS UP into the metal of the cars. The COPS panic, REVERSE, SLAMMING into parked cars. The cops piling out a taking position as RESTAURANT PATRONS scream and flee. Bishops checks his fire. PURE INSTINCT, swings his weapon lock onto Steve who's also raised his weapon at Bishop. T two of them, suddenly lining weapons into each other's fa Breathing had... eyes locked as beyond them another polic reinforcement arrive, takes position... The SOUND of a cop, distant outside, CHAMBERING a round i a shotgun... Both men DIVE to the ground, roll even as they switch to single-shot mode to preserve ammo. BANG BANG BANG, they f back at their attackers, precise, as the cops open up.
222) 4) dialog: You don't know? Tense beat. Glimpsed through shattered windows, SWAT arrives, takes the perimeter. They're being surrounded. Suddenly an SUV pulls into view between the restaurant an the SWAT and Police position, a confused and frightened W at the wheel. Police SHOUT at her, confusing her more. Steve makes a decision. Lowers his weapon, grabs a napkin ties it to hide his features.
223) 0) text: The WOMAN screams as Steve pushes her aside, takes the wh She scratches back, one hand ripping the bandana away fro Steve's face. He STARES at her for one deadly second.
227) 0) text: Bishop enters the flat. Cool afternoon breeze blows throu curtains. He stops, stares at the couple who owned the fl who now lie motionless. Small holes in the red-stained pillowcases over their heads. Steve has been here. Bishop swallows, angry. He forces himself back to the tas at hand. Breaking down the never-fired weapon. He works efficiently, silently.
231) 7) dialog: You know, when they came to me... I said "Are you sure?" Bishop?" But They're right, aren't they?
232) 0) text: Steve steps out onto the porch.
232) 1) dialog: ...You don't really like the work anymore. Bishop's voice comes from the darkness near the barn.
232) 3) dialog: Yeah. That's... what did you call it? That's a prerequisite.
232) 6) dialog: Yeah, but not the man who actually killed him. Steve advances, clearing the side of the barn, LINES his weapon on Bishop, who's standing next to the barn.
232) 8) dialog: (shakes his head) You really going moral high ground on me? Seriously? You might want to check your soapbox there, partner.
233) 0) text: Steve enters the study, looking down at Bishop's record player, looks back at the wall of work on Dean. Smoke see through the walls, pushes through cracks in sills. Steve opens Bishop's record collection, takes the pristin collector's Hendrix. The one never played. He moves into the living room. FLAMES lick across the wal Through the smoke, he sees the portrait of Bishop staring back at him. He raises the album in thanks.
234) 0) text: Steve now stands outside Bishop's home, watching. The who place is an inferno.
235) 0) text: A hot gorgeous day. Slight breeze blows through trees, ripples the water on the pool which is suddenly CUT THROU by the figure of Steve, swimming laps, hard. He gets out at the far end, looks over his grounds. There no one here anymore. The place is deserted except for ear wired SECURITY who patrol the grounds.
237) 0) text: Steve trots in from outside, pulling on a loose shirt. Th house is spotless, transformed. No sign of a frivolous yo man's pursuits. Art and culture and wealth.
239) 0) text: Steve busts in, dragging his father's 80's turntable with him. The portrait of Bishop has been hung here in his office. He glances at it, then breaks the seal on the Hendrix album, stares at the grooves before seating it on turntable and hitting a switch. Player starts up, needle swings over... Steve moves to his computer and punches in the password. On the wall-sized screen, the Bishop research glows to li All the connections, people, history that made Bishop. Bishop's cat jumps into his lap, purring, and Steve strok her. Finally, a decision. He hits a button and the prompt "DELETE FILE?" Appears on the screen.
240) 0) text: KABOOOM! The windows of Steve's office blow out of the estate's 2nd story.