1) 54) dialog: Think fast! CURT Vaughan is Jules’s boyfriend and yes, that’s a letterman jacket he’s wearing and yes, that’s a football he’s throwing right at the girls. REVERSE on them yeeping and flinching as the ball goes right between them and out the window. CURT (CONT’D) Well, faster than that...
1) 56) text: Curt’s friend HOLDEN McCrea rushes into the street and catches the ball, a slowing car bumping his leg. It’s an impressive catch.
1) 58) dialog: Niiice!
1) 63) dialog: (calling) Come on up! (to the girls) Transferred from State. Best hands on the team. He's a sweet guy.
1) 65) dialog: That's nothing. Watch this: He grabs Jules’s boobs from behind.
1) 66) dialog: Oh my god! Both at once! I’m like some kind of Olympian God!
1) 68) dialog: (to Dana, shyly) I'm sort of seeing this girl, but, uh, you're way blonder than she is, and I was thinking we could... what is this? He pries the books from Jules. CURT(CONT’D) What are these? What are you doing with these?
1) 70) dialog: (to Jules, ignoring Dana) Where did you get these? who taught you about these?
1) 72) dialog: Seriously? Professor Ben:
1) 76) dialog: Read the Gurovsky; it’s way more interesting and Bennett doesn’t know it by heart so he'll think you're insightful. and you have no pants. He tosses the books back on the bed, calling out to:
1) 77) dialog: Holden! Crazy mad skills of catching! Dana, panicked, hoists her jeans on, heading out after Curt into: INT. LIVING Room — CONTINUOUS Jules is opening the door for Holden, and he’s even better looking up close. Less of a wild man than curt.
1) 81) dialog: Dude, this is Dana.
1) 84) dialog: With hindsight, yeah.
2) 0) text: Holden is dumping Jules’s last suitcase (she has overpacked) into the RAMBLER, the trailer Curt owns, with the dirt-bike attached to the rear. Dana’s inside, takes it from him (polite smile between them) as he turns back to Jules and a bag-laden Curt.
2) 2) dialog: Fuckin’ better be! Jules, it’s a weekend, not an evacuation.
2) 4) dialog: I’m shuttin’ right up, -
2) 7) dialog: Fuck is wrong with you, bro?
2) 9) dialog: Do you want to spend the weekend in jail? ‘cause we'd all like to check out my cousin’s country home and not get boned ( 5 in the ass by a huge skinhead. 3
2) 14) dialog: You're not bringing that thing in the rambler,
3) 0) text: The key is turned, the gas stepped on. Curt looks in the rear view at his peeps.
3) 1) dialog: Everybody ready? General assent. CURT (CONT’D) Then let’s get this show on the road! ANGLE: FROM UP HIGH we see the rambler rolling off into the distance. The camera arms up to watch it go, the side of the building in frame.
5) 0) text: It trucks along an old road, nothing but brush visible. INT. RAMBLER — CONTINUOUS The gang is in mid-ride, clearly a couple hours in. curt is still driving. Jules, riding shotgun, is checking both a map and the GPs. Marty sits at the little table, cautiously relling an elegant, filtered row of joints. Dana sits with him, Holden in the bathroom with the doo open, where we can see they’ve stashed a keg. He's filling three cups.
5) 2) dialog: What about that thing we crossed back there?
5) 16) dialog: You sure?
5) 19) dialog: Country home my cousin bought. He’s crazy for real estate, found this Place in the middle of nowhere, it’s like civil war era, seriously.
5) 27) dialog: I thought you were dropping art.
5) 31) dialog: For no reason! For very good reasons that don’t exist. Hey look, trees!
5) 36) dialog: Gas! They all look ahead. CURT(CONT’D) Gas. And maybe someone who knows where we actually are.
5) 38) dialog: I’m thinking this thing doesn’t take credit cards.
5) 40) dialog: Hello? But no reply. Holden keeps walking, tracing his finger along the countertop. CLOSE ON: HIS FINGER trailing a line of clear glass into the grime.
5) 58) dialog: We were looking to buy some gas? Does this pump work?
5) 61) dialog: Yeah, we're looking for... (to Jules) ++-what is it?
5) 65) dialog: (to Jules) Is that the name of --
5) 70) dialog: (to the attendant) My cousin bought a house up there, you go through a mountain tunnel, there's a lake, would that be...
8) 0) text: There’s no audio but music as the kids all crowd the front of the van to look at their vacation spot. The lake appears up ahead, sun rippling over the water, and they look and point, talking a bit. Finally the camera races through the forest and finds the cabin. It squats uninvitingly, a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure. Windows on either side of the door, not unlike closed eyes. The van pulls up and the kids come out, more slowly than they did at the gas station, taking it in. Dana's a little entranced, Holden curious, Curt pumped, Jules mildly excited, Marty wary.
9) 1) dialog: Oh, this is awesome!
9) 3) dialog: (nodding) \ I will use its skin to make a cap. Sow
9) 8) dialog: I smell lawsuit...
9) 11) dialog: Jules is pre-med. she knows there’s no coming back from thia. (stroking her hair) T’ll miss you, baby. I’11] miss your shiny new hair. Dana looks over at Marty, who stands in the doorway, looking around warily.
9) 24) dialog: We should check the rest of the rooms. Make sure this is the only one. (to Jules) You know Marty wants to watch us pounding away.
10) 0) text: ++-we're watching Dana on a MONITOR. And as we continue to PULL OUT, we see MORE MONITORS. ON THE SCREENS: we see a surveillance view of Holden in his room... s+eand Marty in his room... and Jules with curt... In fact --
13) 12) dialog: What ia that?
13) 14) dialog: In the lake. I swear to god I...
13) 16) dialog: (scared) No, seriously. Right there. Don’t you see it? There. It looks just like -- He puts his hand on Jules back --
13) 17) dialog: My girlfriend. And with that, he shoves Jules straight into the lake. Splash!
13) 23) dialog: Look -- there's something else in the lake -- He jumps out right where he was pointing -- SPLASH -- ag he surfaces --
13) 24) dialog: It’s a gorgeous man!
13) 26) dialog: Don’t kill the gorgeous man! They’re endangered! Dana laughs, looks up at Marty -- e
14) 36) dialog: Let’s get this party started! He hands the beer to Jules, who dances through frame in time to the music pumping out of the stereo.
14) 52) dialog: +++please say Dana, please say Dana.., —~. 36.
14) 56) dialog: It’s a wolf, Yeah, it’s a wolf. MARTY (CONT’D) I’m living in a womb of reefer, leave me alone. (then) Jules, I dare you to make out with the wolf. Jules nods, takea a drink, hops to her feet.
14) 74) dialog: (bored) “Truth.” Dana frowns. Glances at Curt --
14) 76) dialog: I’m just skipping ahead. (to explain)
14) 78) dialog: (mods) Or “Leature”.
14) 86) dialog: The wind must have blown it open...
15) 8) dialog: You called for help. Voids the dare. Take your top off, Marty strikes a match, lights an OLD oIL LANTERN hanging from the wall. As orange light spills across the room...
15) 13) dialog: Yeah, pretty sure this ain’t his. Maybe the people who put in that window... Dana can’t take her eyes off the portrait of the girl. On the vanity below it, she notices a variety of personal effects: an old hairbrush... a silver mirror... and a leather-bound BOOK.
15) 24) dialog: Wow...
15) 35) dialog: Go on.
15) 37) dialog: Suck it up or bail, pothead! I wanna know. Dana looks around. Holden gives her a little nod,
15) 46) dialog: Fucking baby!
15) 48) dialog: It’s a diary!
18) 0) text: The msio is blaring and Jules is dancing up a storm. Curt is going with it, occasionally getting behind her for the butt-cupping dance, but she’s all over the yoom - really working it. Pops a couple of buttons to show more cleavage. Everyone else is sitting, Dana and Holden on the couch, Dana still holding the book, and Marty slumped in armchair, smoking sullenly. Jules dances over in front of Holden and does a little impromptu lap-dance wriggle for him. He looks a little awkward, glancing at Dana, who isn’t exactly thrilled.
18) 1) dialog: Go baby, oh yeah... that’s the goods right there, fuck yeah.
18) 3) dialog: Like you wouldn’t want a piece of that.
18) 10) dialog: That's our cue to bail! Tommy Chong has a theory, (indicating Holden} You can tell it to Egghead here, if he’s not too busy devirginizing Dana. Dana stands, dropping the book on the couch.
18) 12) dialog: That's exactly the point! (pushes Jules to the door) Mush! Mush!
18) 14) dialog: Not around, baby, straight line. Right there. Out there. Pretty stars. They exit, as Dana crosses to get another beer and Holden flips through the book. Marty hoists himself up and ( joins her, still smoking,
19) 0) text: Jules is laughing, running through the woods, Curt in hot pursuit. He catches her around the waist with one hand, beer still held in the other. “Wx
19) 3) dialog: Come here!
19) 5) dialog: Did I get a little beer on your shirt? He kisses her, deep and hard. CURT (CONT’D) I guess it’1l have to come off. He starts pulling at the last buttons. She pulls away a little.
19) 7) dialog: Oh, come on...
20) 1) dialog: ++-ewe’re all alone...
23) 0) text: AT THEIR FEET we actually see wisps of fog rise from the ground. Jules, still holding her shirt together, closes her eyes and takes a deep breath through her nose. She opens her eyes, looking at Curt with half-lidded lust. He goes in
23) 2) dialog: Baby, this is why we came here... it’s romantic... He starts to turn her, pulling her open shirt away from her neck and kissing it from behind...
25) 0) text: Before the kids, a tiny glen of moss and soft green fronds suddenly seems to glow in the moonlight. It couldn't be more inviting. Jules smiles, dizzy with luat. ANGLE: GROUND LEVEL -- Jules drops down into frame, Curt on her, the two of them only about the business. They roll over, Jules on top, sliding her hand down Curt’s pants -- he moans with longing, running his hand up her chest over her bra.
27) 2) text: « (J Curt, kneeling, slides Jules’s pants off. His head comes back into frame and takes the edge of her panties in his mouth, making a little growl as he lets go and it snaps back on her waist -- Jules laughs, leaning her head back and suddenly not laughing, breathing hard... Hadley and Sitterson stare, (looking perhaps directly into camera to make us even less comfortable)... Jules swings on top and pulls her shirt off at last. She takes her time, sliding her hands up her belly to her breasts, finally to the clasp in the middle of her bra... She pops it open, holding it together coyly for one moment before pulling the bra off, revealing her breasts, a sheen of sweat (and the fact that they’re not fake) making them all the more enticing. She smiles knowingly, a vision of hedonistic perfection. Curt looks up at her in silent wonder. All three men in the control room -- including Truman -- look at her the exact same way. ( 2 As Curt slides his hand over her ghest, she leans down into him, his arms coming around her back.
27) 5) text: a “sal? 56. Skinny JUDAH is crouching over Jules, pulling his trowel out even as MOTHER reaches around her neck with her snaggle-toothed saw. MATTHEW, the biggest, is still a few feet behind, ambling towards. CLOSE ON: THE MOTHER'S BELLY as three burning coals flop out of a slit in it, sizzling on Jules’s hair and the moss. She starts to draw the saw along Jules’s neck and curt snaps out of it. He piledrives right into Mother --
27) 6) dialog: Fuck away from her! -- knocking her back on her ass. He turns to Judah just as Judah digs the trowel into his arm. Curt howls, trying to pull it out as Jules holds her bleeding neck, trying to rise but weak. Curt pulls his arm away, bringing Judah towards him and then punches Judah hard right in the nose. The nose breaks easily, crumbling a bit, Judah completely unfazed by it. Curt looks over towards the third zombie. Matthew stands a few feet away, leaning slightly. Suddenly he lets a chain slide through his fingers, all the way to the ground, pulled by a broken bear-trap, just a rusty metal jaw with teeth: a turn-of-the-century mace and chain. Matthew grins. The trap swings with sudden speed, whacking Curt’s head (luckily not with the jagged side) and knocking him back, bleeding and dazed.
31) 2) dialog: Runt Fucking run!
31) 4) dialog: Golly Marty heads back, with Curt, when Patience steps out of the shadows in front of the house. Curt fucking clothelines her, sends Marty rears back but her flying --
32) 14) dialog: (shakes head) She's gone. (then) We gotta get out of here... He’s already moving towards the back of the cabin.
32) 18) dialog: Dana -- c’mon -- Dana snaps out of it, helps Curt shove the couch under the doorknob. WHAM! The whole cabin seems to shake as Matthew slams into it -- (
32) 24) dialog: I don’t know but there’s more of them -- get the back door -- Holden races across the living room, throws the deadbolt on the back door.
32) 30) dialog: (to Holden) Look, brainiac -- I don’t give a limp dick WHY those things are here. We gotta lock this place down --
32) 32) dialog: We'll go room by room, barricade every window and door --
32) 37) dialog: And we gotta play it safe -- no matter what, we have to stay together --
33) 0) text: Hadley’s slumped in his chair, shaking his head as he stares at the surveillance images of Curt and the others moving through the cabin. Sitterson’s right beside him, working the console --
33) 3) dialog: (almost to himself) This isn’t right... He looks at the others almost like he doesn’t trust them.
33) 4) dialog: This isn’t right. We should split up. We can cover more ground that way. And now Dana and Holden look a little hazily paranoid as well. They think about it, nod _-
33) 7) dialog: I got it! You guys -- get in your rooms -- As Curt starts shoving a bookcase up against the window, Dana and Holden share a glance. Nod.
41) 11) dialog: (from without ) Unlock your door!
43) 0) text: CLOSE ON: THE KNIFE HANDLE as a small electrical charge jolts Dana’s hand. As we drop back wider, it looks like she’s dropping the knife ‘cause she doesn’t like holding it. She turns her back on Matthew, dragging Holden up. They move to the other side of the room -- and the wall behind them opens, Curt reaching in to grab them.
43) 3) dialog: Let’s move let’s move! They exit into:
44) 0) text: And make for the storm doors, pushing them open, Curt grabbing a handy plank to hit zombies with.
45) 0) text: They move as quickly as they can, both Holden and curt being injured, not encountering any dead folk as they race to the Rambler. DANA. What about Marty?
45) 1) dialog: They got him. They come around the Rambler, camera behind, and Curt moves to open the door. There is dirt on the latch. He looks at Holden, steps back with his Plank as Holden readies to open the door and get out of the way. A beat, and Curt nods. The door opens --
52) 12) text: Curt is driving, Dana in the seat next to him, fear fighting despair as tears begin to line her eyes. Holden is between them, eyes on the tunnel...
58) 1) text: age ¥ 79. Curt is furious, looking over the side of the mountain at the cliff’s edge on the other side, a tantalizing 20 feet away. Holden looks it over intently, working the problem.
58) 2) dialog: Nol No fucking way! This isn’t happening! It’s right there!
58) 4) dialog: Yeah, in my fucking dorm room!
58) 8) dialog: Dude.
59) 0) text: ANGLE ON: CURT’S DIRTBIKE as the wheel spins in the dirt and the bike turns, Curt revving it, getting his nerve up.
59) 2) dialog: I’ve done bigger jumps than this.
59) 4) dialog: You know it.
59) 9) dialog: You guys stay in the Rambler. If they come, just keep driving away from ‘em, I’ll get help. If rt wipe out I’1l fuckin’ limp for help but I’m coming back with cops and choppers and large fucking guns and those things are gonna pay. For Jules. A moment. Dana kisses him on the cheek. He guns it.
59) 11) dialog: Never do. He guns it and lets co -_ Wheels spinning as he blasts toward the edge, Dana and Holden watching in fear and hope -- Curt aails over the edge with great form, front wheel high, the arc is good -~ ~~ he slams into the invisible barrier and his bike explodes --