1) 29) text: INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS DANA POLK, a thoughtful, attractive college sophomore. Her room is like her: restrained and well ordered, but with funky touches of color and whimay. A few sketches and watercolors of her own dot the walls as well. Dana is in shirt and undies, packing for a trip and bopping softly to the music, which now comes from her little stereo. She does that singing-along thing where you start to sing too soon, looks sheepish even though she’s alone. She takes a couple of political science textbooks, drops them in her suitcase, Crosses to grab some art supplies, including a battered sketchbook. She pauses, flipping through her sketches —— which aren’t bad —— til she gets to a portrait of a handsome thirtysomething man with longish hair and glasses. CLOSE ON Dana staring sadly at the picture when Julie “JULES” Louden comes into frame next to her. Jules is bubbly, sexy and as of ten minutes ago, blonde.
1) 31) dialog: (not looking up) Twas ina hurry.
1) 33) dialog: It’s not that simp -- oh my God your hair!
1) 35) dialog: I can’t believe you did it!
1) 39) dialog: Oh God, no, it’s awesome! It looks really Natural, and it’s great with your skin. I just didn’t think you were gonna --~
1) 41) dialog: Curt’s gonna lose it.
1) 43) dialog: (grabbing back) I’m not ready to —- seriously, this isn’t his fault. ( 3
1) 45) dialog: I knew what I was getting into.
1) 47) dialog: That’s the last thing -- if you guys treat this like a set-up I’m gonna have no fun at all.
1) 51) dialog: Oh come on, what if I’m bored?
1) 53) dialog: It is great...
1) 59) dialog: Is that Holden? aa
1) 69) dialog: Okay, I get it, Il] —-
1) 82) dialog: Hey.
2) 0) text: Holden is dumping Jules’s last suitcase (she has overpacked) into the RAMBLER, the trailer Curt owns, with the dirt-bike attached to the rear. Dana’s inside, takes it from him (polite smile between them) as he turns back to Jules and a bag-laden Curt.
2) 5) dialog: (looking eff) Oh my gad... ANGLE: A CAR has just finished parking. Martin “MARTY” Mikalski is getting out of the driver's seat while smoking a huge bong. It’s difficult to maneuver, but definitely not his first time. His friends instantly look around for, oh, say, police...
5) 0) text: It trucks along an old road, nothing but brush visible. INT. RAMBLER — CONTINUOUS The gang is in mid-ride, clearly a couple hours in. curt is still driving. Jules, riding shotgun, is checking both a map and the GPs. Marty sits at the little table, cautiously relling an elegant, filtered row of joints. Dana sits with him, Holden in the bathroom with the doo open, where we can see they’ve stashed a keg. He's filling three cups.
5) 4) dialog: It must feel horrible...
5) 14) dialog: (pointing ahead) A sign. Up there.
5) 20) text: There's a lake, and woods everywhere... 15. ‘2 we saw some beautiful Pictures. (to Dana) You will be doing some serious drawing. No portraits of pedophiles... Dana gives her a ‘shut up’ look,
5) 22) dialog: Art and political science.
5) 24) dialog: (after a small beat) That‘’s only two things.
5) 29) dialog: I’m switching a few courses.
5) 35) dialog: I’d take it as a favor.
5) 48) dialog: You think the toilet here’s gonna be better?
8) 0) text: There’s no audio but music as the kids all crowd the front of the van to look at their vacation spot. The lake appears up ahead, sun rippling over the water, and they look and point, talking a bit. Finally the camera races through the forest and finds the cabin. It squats uninvitingly, a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure. Windows on either side of the door, not unlike closed eyes. The van pulls up and the kids come out, more slowly than they did at the gas station, taking it in. Dana's a little entranced, Holden curious, Curt pumped, Jules mildly excited, Marty wary.
9) 0) text: She enters the living room. It’s also, if you turn to the right, the kitchen; the stove is a classic old wood— burning Kalamazoo Wonder, the sink clearly retro-fitted. The decor is sparse and antlery. A wolf’s head is mounted on one wall. A hall goes own the middle, with two bedrooms on either side. Dana makes her way around the room as the rest of the gang pours in.
9) 12) dialog: Marty? Are you Planning on coming in? He looks around, not ready to make his move. INT. HOLDEN’S ROOM — AFTERNOON Holden throws his bag on his bed, which squeaks appallingly. He looks around the decrepit -- but not entirely un-homey -- room, focusses on a picture opposite the bed. ANGLE: THE PICTURE is like 19th century print, but it’s of a hunting Party with machetes and dogs tearing a lamb to pieces and, upon close examination, is repulsive,
9) 20) dialog: That’s just creepy.
9) 28) dialog: I really would. He grabs his bag and they head out as she says: DANA (CONT’D) Thanks for... being decent.
9) 30) dialog: They're not subtle.
9) 32) dialog: Yeah, I’m not looking for... But I’m still grateful that you’re not a creep, ey
9) 36) dialog: So you're bleeding internally.
9) 38) dialog: Well, Jules is the doctor-in-training. You should probably talk to her.
9) 40) dialog: Uhhh... ah! God! Sheepishly, she grabs the picture and replaces it. Takes a@ moment to look at the slaughtered lamb scene. oe DANA (CONT’D) Yeah, I don’t think go. We cut to a high and wide of her placing a little blanket over the picture, and suddenly the frame is that ofa monitor, as we pull back to see:
10) 0) text: ++-we're watching Dana on a MONITOR. And as we continue to PULL OUT, we see MORE MONITORS. ON THE SCREENS: we see a surveillance view of Holden in his room... s+eand Marty in his room... and Jules with curt... In fact --
13) 0) text: Footsteps ring out as wooden dock. They're Dana and Holden race down the both in their swimsuits, running top speed. As they reach the end, they dive into the lake -- (as 8:
13) 1) dialog: he emerges from the water) OH! Cold! That's what cold feels like --
13) 7) dialog: What? This water? (takes a gulp of the lake water) This water's delicious.
13) 9) dialog: C'mon Jules -- life is risk.
13) 13) dialog: What?
13) 15) dialog: Yeah, right...
13) 27) dialog: Marty -- get in here —-
14) 38) dialog: Well that’s our own thing.
14) 54) dialog: Um, Marty... have you seen a moose before?
14) 68) dialog: Or Lecture.
14) 75) dialog: What’s that supposed to mean?
14) 77) dialog: (studies him) Really.
14) 79) dialog: No, I wouldn’t want one of those... ANGLE MARTY -- he’s glancing at curt, Frowning. Something about all this seems a little off... And Dana seems to notice it too. But she’s not about to let Curt get under her skin -- DANA (CONT’D) Okay, Jules... (defiant) Da:
14) 82) dialog: It’s the cellar door...
15) 0) text: Crrreak. Dana cautiously makes her way down the old wooden staircase. It’s dark; Dana's flashlight barely illuminates three feet in front of her. She reaches the landing. Tries to keep her voice steady as she calls back to the others --
15) 1) dialog: How long do I have to stay down here? Ct Oh, you know, just ‘til morning... She stands at the base of the stairs, trains the flashlight beam around the room. Curiosity getting the better of her, she steps into the darkness, Creak... ae The flashlight beam scans the room, catching a glint of a metal -- OLD RUSTY TOOLS hang from hooks along the walls.
15) 7) dialog: Yeah. Sorry. I just -- (embarrassed) I just scared myself. It was stupid.
15) 14) dialog: Some of this stuff looks really old. Jules studies the dressmaker’s mannequin. AN AMULET hangs around its neck. Jules touches it...
15) 21) dialog: Guys. Holden stops winding the crank. The world goes quiet. Everyone looks up from what they're doing. DANA (CONT‘D) Guys, listen to this... Reluctantly, each person puts down the object of his or her attention and moves towards Dana. DANA (CONT’D) (reads from di. “Today we felled the old birch tree out back. I was sorrowed to see it go, as Judah and I had sat up in its branches so many summers...”
15) 23) dialog: Diary of Patience Buckner, 1903.
15) 26) dialog: (reading again) “Father was cross with me and said I lacked the true faith. He did not give me my dose and he turned his eyes from me at supper. (MORE )
15) 30) dialog: I wish I could prove my devotion, as Judah and Matthew proved on those travellers...”
15) 33) dialog: (reads) “Mama screamed most of the night. I prayed that she might find faith, but she only stopped when papa cut her belly and stuffed the coals in.” looking at everyone. Nobody comments. Bewildered, she flips ahead, continues; DANA (CONT’D) (reads) 7 vJudah told me in my dream that Matthew ( 2 took him to the Dark Room so I know he is . killed, Matthew's faith is too great; even Father does not cress him or speak of Judah. I want to understand the glory of the pain like Matthew, but cutting the flesh makes him have a husband's bulge and I do not get like that.”
15) 38) dialog: (reads) “I have found it. In daddy’s oldest books, that I will burn before I go, is the way of saving our family. For no one ( truly dies who understands the Great Pain. (MORE )
15) 42) dialog: I can hear Matthew in the Dark Room, working upon father’s jaw. My good arm is hacked up and et so I hope this will be readable, that a believer will come and speak this to our spirits. Then we will be restored, our love will be unending, and the Great Pain will return.” (looks up) And there's something in Latin.
15) 49) dialog: It doesn’t even mean anything. Look:
15) 51) dialog: Dolor supervivo caro. Dolor sublimis caro.
18) 0) text: The msio is blaring and Jules is dancing up a storm. Curt is going with it, occasionally getting behind her for the butt-cupping dance, but she’s all over the yoom - really working it. Pops a couple of buttons to show more cleavage. Everyone else is sitting, Dana and Holden on the couch, Dana still holding the book, and Marty slumped in armchair, smoking sullenly. Jules dances over in front of Holden and does a little impromptu lap-dance wriggle for him. He looks a little awkward, glancing at Dana, who isn’t exactly thrilled.
18) 11) dialog: Jules, do you want to lie down?
18) 21) dialog: (wryly) A conspiracy?
18) 23) dialog: I’m sorry about downstairs --
18) 25) dialog: Curt’s just drunk.
18) 27) dialog: (pointing at the joint) Then maybe it’s something else.
18) 29) dialog: Puppeteers?
18) 35) dialog: Marty, I love you, but you're really high.
18) 39) dialog: You speak Latin?
18) 41) dialog: Well, it’s a weird night. I’m so sorry about... tonight. Everybody.
18) 43) dialog: No. You can tell me that.
32) 0) text: Dana closes her eyes as Holden softly kisses her. It’s tender and sweet. She pulls back.
32) 1) dialog: I don’t wanna... I mean I’ve never... (momentarily confused) I don’t mean ‘never’, but...
32) 6) dialog: (frantic) Where are you hurt? (re: blood) Is this all from you? (then) Where's Jules? Curt pushes her away, shakes his head. Tears spring to his eyes -- he’s clearly in shock. Holden tries to calm him down --
32) 13) dialog: What are you talking about? curt -- where’s Jules?
32) 15) dialog: No -- wait -- Dana reaches for the front door. Starts to open it...
32) 17) dialog: I’m not leaving here without Jules. +eeand she swings the door open, revealing -- MATTHEW. He’s atanding on the porch, framed in the doorway. Just staring at us. Holding something round down by his side. He tosses it rigbt at Dana -- she gasps, catches it, looks down to see -- It’s Jules’ HEAD. Dana screams her heart out. She drops Jules’ head on the ground, glances up as Matthew steps up the porch. She screams and screams as Matthew approaches -- Holden dives forward, slams the door shut just as --~ WHAM! Matthew slams into it. The frame shakes, the wood splinters. Marty races forward, helps Holden brace the door. As they slam the deadbolt into place -- Curt flips the couch over, tries to shove it against the door. Looks up at Dana, who’s still in shock --
32) 23) dialog: (terrified) What is that thing?
32) 25) dialog: (glances at Marty) More of them?
32) 27) dialog: Oh god. Patience. (glances at Holden) The diary --
32) 29) dialog: (quietly) And I did it.
33) 2) dialog: What’s the matter? He glances around, looking slightly befuddled. Shakes his head --
33) 8) dialog: Let’s go -- They race towards the back. Marty hesitates a moment, frowning ---something about this isn’t quite right. But then he shakes it off, hurries after them.
34) 0) text: ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana, Holden, and Marty running down the hall. As Hadley and Sitterson watch --
35) 0) text: -- and as Dana, Holden, and Marty all split off into their separate rooms -- All the doors SLAM SHUT behind them, and: WH-CHUNK! We hear vault-worthy locks slamming home. INT. CABIN - MARTY’S ROOM Marty stops in his tracks. Glances back at the closed door behind him. Again, he frowns -- Huh. That's weird... But before he has time to consider it fully -- WHAM! The cabin shakea again. We hear glass breaking in another room. Marty snaps out of it -- stick to the Plan. He races to the window, which is wide open -- Sue
40) 0) text: -- and once again, BLOOD trickles down, down, down through the carved stone etchings. And as it flows outward we slowly PULL BACK to reveal the picture forming is of a PRIMITIVE HUMAN FIGURE. It is holding a goblet and dancing. We hear a RUMBLING... INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Dana is laboriously moving a tall dresser in front of the window, at which a zombie pounds. 68. Suddenly the rumbling fills the room, which starts to shake with what feels like a decent sized earthquake. Dana looks around, almost exasperated in her terror --
40) 1) dialog: What? No! No, come on!
41) 4) dialog: Mine too! He looks at her sitch -- worse than his own -- and beckons her to come through.
41) 6) dialog: The bed! They up-end it and shove it at the window, holding its metal frame against the pounding from without. Dana looks around for something else, sees: ANGLE: UNDER THE BEDSPACE is a trapdoor.
41) 7) dialog: Holden. He looks, puts his shoulder to the bed to take the weight as he indicates for her to check it out. She moves to it and pulls it open -- nothing but blackness below. She looks back at Holden.
41) 8) dialog: Better or worse? He sticks his foot out and slides a lamp to her. It’s been set on the floor (during the furniture pile-up) but still plugged in. She lowers it into the dark space, lets it hang by its plug.
41) 9) dialog: It’s empty... Holden gives the bed one last kick in place and moves to the door, calling out:
42) 1) dialog: This is the Dark Room.
42) 3) dialog: From the diary. This ia where he killed them. (quietly) This is where he kills us.
42) 5) dialog: (she’s cracking) I brought us here. I found the room, the diary... you’re all gonna die because of me. He takes her firmly by her arms.
42) 7) dialog: There isn’t one. He looks -- she’s right.
42) 13) dialog: Curt? Holden has moved to one wall, now crosses below the trapdoor to the other ——
42) 15) dialog: You like pain? Dana runs the crowbar right through Matthew's face and into the wall behind, Pinning him. Screams in his face:
42) 16) dialog: How’s that work for ya? Matthew grabs the bar and pulls at it -- Holden getting free -- and Dana finds a kitchen knife, stabs Matthew with it several times, shaking with rage. Matthew finally hangs limp. Dana stares at him, breathing hard. INT. CONTROL ROOM — CONTINUOUS Sitterson pushes a button -- ed
43) 0) text: CLOSE ON: THE KNIFE HANDLE as a small electrical charge jolts Dana’s hand. As we drop back wider, it looks like she’s dropping the knife ‘cause she doesn’t like holding it. She turns her back on Matthew, dragging Holden up. They move to the other side of the room -- and the wall behind them opens, Curt reaching in to grab them.
43) 1) dialog: 
45) 0) text: They move as quickly as they can, both Holden and curt being injured, not encountering any dead folk as they race to the Rambler. DANA. What about Marty?
52) 12) text: Curt is driving, Dana in the seat next to him, fear fighting despair as tears begin to line her eyes. Holden is between them, eyes on the tunnel...
58) 0) text: The kids are out, Dana looking nervously back for possible pursuing zombies, not giving in to the tears she can’t stop.
58) 6) dialog: (joining them) We can’t go back. There’s no way across?
59) 1) dialog: Curt, are you sure about this?
59) 8) dialog: Curt... He comes down off his adrenaline kick for a& moment, look at her like the guy we knew.
59) 12) dialog: yoo! -- as he plummets straight down, scraping the electrical matrix so it appears by him all the way as he falls. DANA (CONT’D) Oh God, oh God...
59) 14) dialog: (softly, realizing) Puppeteers..,
59) 19) dialog: Marty was right. God.
59) 21) dialog: Marty was right...
61) 0) text: Holden guns the engine, swinging the Rambler back down the dirt road, away from the tunnel. Dana is oddly calm.
61) 1) dialog: You’re going back.
61) 3) dialog: It won’t work -- something will happen, it‘’ll collapse, or wash away --
61) 5) dialog: You're missing the point. Her Zombie-like fatality gets to Holden.
61) 11) dialog: I know. It’s the Puppeteers.
61) 13) dialog: I’m okay.
63) 0) text: We’re WITH DANA as the Rambler continues to sink, the van now perpendicular as it plummets straight down. She tumbles upward, into the ceiling, towards the back. oe Her hands reach out for anything, desperate to find purchase. Her eyes dart upward, falling on -- The CEILING HATCH. It’s small -- a basic ventilation hatch, no more than a foot-and-a-half Square -- but now’s not the time to be picky. There’s a little bubble of air trapped in there, and Dana shoves her face in it, gasps it greedily. It disappears as she does and she pulls her head back, holding her breath again -- CLOSE ON: FATHER, smiling in the dark water. He doesn’t need to hold his breath. Dana reaches out, grabs the crank, spins it around. Ag the hatch swings open, she punches out the screen, squeezes her body through the hole. And just as she gets about halfway through -- Sane isin ie,
65) 0) text: Elegiac MUSIC starts to swell on the score. Dana grabs hold of the wooden dock -- it takes every ounce of strength she’s got left to pull herself up out of the () lake. She rolls on her back, gasps for air. - As she lays there staring up at the stars, the score continues to swell. she gasps and gasps... and we're CLOSE ON HER as the realization finally hits her -- She's alive. She made it. She closes her eyes, thank god -- rm alive... And just as she breathes a sigh of relief —~ WHAM! MATTHEW'S BEAR TRAP splinters the dock just millimeters from her head. Dana screams, scrambling back, sees MATTHEW looming over her, the crowbar still sticking through his head. As he bears down on her -- INT. CONTROL ROOM -— CONTINUOUS ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana fighting for her life with Matthew. But with the notable exception of Truman, Hadley is talking to couple of excited labcoaters... \ ee GO AS
66) 0) text: WHAM! Dana’s body hits the dock hard. Matthew's bear trap shatters the wood beside her -- the dock’s now in splinters. Dana looka terrible ~- she’s sopping wet, battered and bloody, Clearly, Matthew's been kicking the hell out of her. Dada can’t even stand -- tears in her eyes, she tries to crawl away —- she sees a broken dock plank beside her -- maybe it can be used as weapon -- she reaches out for it -— And Matthew steps down on her arm. Dana CRIES OUT... As she tries to struggle, Matthew bears down... We're with Dana as she realizes there’s nothing she can do... she’s a8 good as dead... WWHH-CHING -- A BONG catches the chain from behind. Lets it wrap around and yanks it back -- Matthew jerks in surprise -- he stumbles backwards, crashing down to the dock -- Dana rolls to her feet, looks back to see -~ MARTY.
66) 2) text: ™ 3 ae. His clothes are doused in blood, the wound on his back looks pretty nasty... but he’s still breathing. Dana can’t believe her eyes --
66) 3) dialog: Marty! But this is no time for tearful reunions. Matthew's already struggling to hia feet beside them --
67) 0) text: Dana and Marty race towards the cabin. Behind them, we can see Matthew emerge from the lake, following them --
67) 1) dialog: Where are we going? WHAM! UP AHEAD, the front door of the cabin flies open. Framed in the doorway is MOTHER BUCKNER. Dana and Marty both jump, scared. As Mother Buckner steps out onto the Porch, Marty pulls Dana to the side --
68) 0) text: ~~ Marty and Dana race around the corner of the cabin. Marty heads straight for the treeline. UP AHEAD —_ we see the edge of the ‘grave’ Judah dragged Marty into earlier,
68) 1) dialog: Marty -- wait -- Sccerrr... Dana looks over, sees Mother Buckner round the corner of the cabin. Dragging her saw by her side...
68) 3) dialog: (to Marty) We're going in there? Shlop... Shlop... the sound of Matthew's wet footsteps ring out as he comes around the other side of the cabin.
69) 0) text: The sound of Dana’s breath echoes off the metal walls of this small, dark chamber. It’s only tall enough to crouch in, but a good twelve feet by twelve feet, with a square metal door in the middle of the floor. The light in the room comes from a panel in the metal that’s been Popped out, a few glowing cables behind, including a couple that have been messed with. As Dana looks more closely...
69) 1) dialog: What is this place? She steps on something soft, jerks back as she realizes it’s Judah's mewling face. He’s been completely dismembered and piled up in the corner, but his bits still twitch.
69) 3) dialog: You figured everything.
69) 6) dialog: Do we wanna go down?
72) 7) dialog: (realizing) We chose,..
72) 9) dialog: In the cellar. all that shit we were Playing with... They made us choose, (beat) They made us choose how we die. The incomprehension builds in her and she punches the glass. It doesn’t make a crack but she keeps going, pounding away with both fists like a prize-fighter going for body blows —- Marty tries to hold her and she screams, thrashing as we drop back wide to see: An endless array of elevators. Moving around like a 3-D puzzle, like Charlie's Great Glass Elevator, like “Cube”, Monsters (many of them like the ones we've seen) in every single one. It’s the Costco of death. o) a 93.
74) 0) text: Marty is holding Dana, who's breathing hard but calm, as the elevator goes down. The elevator stops and the door opens into a sort of lobby. Instantly a GUARD is stepping one foot in, gun at their heads. Dana is a little in front of Marty, standing exhausted, haunted, her knuckles -- and much else of her -- bloody.
74) 2) dialog: Why are you trying to kill us?
74) 4) dialog: Just me?
75) 7) text: I know you can hear me. I hope you’1l listen. Marty makes a motion to Dana —— don’t speak.
76) 0) text: Hadley and Sitterson listen as well. On their screens, we see Marty and Dana in a corridor -- and a SWAT-lookin’ team creeping down another.
77) 4) text: 8 96. Marty pulls at Dana, handing her the trowel as they head to the empty guard station, INT. GUARD STATION/LOBBY — CONTINUOUS They are closing the door behind them when it is peppered with gunfire. They slam it shut and lock it, keeping low even though the glass isn’t even cracking yet. Marty looks up: the lobby is full of approaching guards -- SWAT-looking guys who keep a steady pound of bullets coming. Dana looks at the console in here, realization dawning on her: ANGLE: THE CONSOLE controls all the elevators. And there’s a button that says “PURGE”,
77) 5) dialog: An army of nightmares, huh? She looks at the guards, at Marty. Back at the console. DANA. (CONT’D) Let’s get this Party started. She hits “purge”. In the hall, the sound of the elevators is audible. The lead guard holds his fist up.
80) 1) dialog: Shit! She makes for the door, Marty right behind. They open it and head out, keeping low.
80) 8) text: net Bla et hara wy throug: the wall. The dragonbat pulls him back, eating his entrails, and Dana looks at the hole in the wall. There is a stone corridor beyond, different than any of the rest of this Place. Older. Marty is watching the corridor -- a couple of flesh-— eating Zombies are slowly coming toward them -- and Dana grabs his arm, pulls him into the stone corridor and down it.
81) 0) text: Sitterson races down a ladder and around the corner -- and right into Dana’s trowel. He looks at her, confused by the blade in hig chest. She looks stricken, He sees Marty coming up behind her, turns to her as he sinks...
81) 9) dialog: Look at these. (turning slowly) Five of them.
81) 11) dialog: Us. A whirring sound accompanies a spill of light as a small circular hatch opens in the center of the mosaic and up comes THE DIRECTOR (kind of like Luke in “Empire” when he enters the cryogenic chamber to fight Vader.) He is older, distinguished, wearing a black suit, grey shirt, no collar, no tie, and grey gloves. He's calm, ( almost affectionate, . te 101.
81) 13) dialog: (to Marty) I should’ve seen it like you did. all of this: the old guy at the gas station, the out of control behavior, the monsters... this is part of a ritual.
81) 17) dialog: No, it’s simple. They don’t just wanna see us killed, They want to gee us punished.
81) 21) dialog: (mutters) That word...
81) 31) dialog: (snorts) Me? Virgin?
81) 36) dialog: Who does? What's beneath us?
81) 45) dialog: Marty... The whole world.. .
81) 48) dialog: I’m aorry.
81) 50) dialog: Marty...
81) 53) text: The Director on top of him just as Patience swings her hatchet, burying it in the back of the Director's skull. Another tremor and Marty kicks The Director over the edge of the circle. Patience, unwilling to let go her hatchet, goes over with him. Marty watches them a moment, then limps over to the stairs, Another, bigger tremor makes him pause, but it subsides and he slumps in the corner next to Dana. She's breathing shallow, tears streaming from her eyes, but she's pretty alert.
81) 55) dialog: You know... I don't think... Curt even has a cousin.
81) 57) dialog: Going away...
81) 59) dialog: I'm so sorry I almost shot you... 1 Probably wouldn't have...
81) 61) dialog: Nahh, you were right. Humanity... (blows out smoke in a cynical 'Pfft’) It's time to give Someone else a chance.
81) 65) dialog: Wish I coulda seen ‘em.