1) 56) text: Curt’s friend HOLDEN McCrea rushes into the street and catches the ball, a slowing car bumping his leg. It’s an impressive catch.
1) 57) dialog: Yes! (to the driver) Sorry. Sorry. Move along. ANGLE ON: the two girls at the window, Curt behind Jules, all looking out.
1) 78) dialog: You laid it in my hands, I diq but hold them out. He tosses it back to Curt and grabs his weekend duffle bay, entering. Hey, I’m Jules,
1) 79) dialog: Hi. Man, Curt did not exaggerate.
1) 83) dialog: (shakes her hand) thank you guys for letting me crash your weekend. I'1] just put a disclaimer up front: you don’t have to explain any of your in-jokes. 1°21) Probably be drunk and think they're funny anyway. Should r have left out the Part about being drunk?
1) 88) dialog: Damn. Can I help anybody carry anything?
2) 0) text: Holden is dumping Jules’s last suitcase (she has overpacked) into the RAMBLER, the trailer Curt owns, with the dirt-bike attached to the rear. Dana’s inside, takes it from him (polite smile between them) as he turns back to Jules and a bag-laden Curt.
2) 1) dialog: That pretty much it?
5) 0) text: It trucks along an old road, nothing but brush visible. INT. RAMBLER — CONTINUOUS The gang is in mid-ride, clearly a couple hours in. curt is still driving. Jules, riding shotgun, is checking both a map and the GPs. Marty sits at the little table, cautiously relling an elegant, filtered row of joints. Dana sits with him, Holden in the bathroom with the doo open, where we can see they’ve stashed a keg. He's filling three cups.
5) 18) dialog: What is this place exactly?
5) 21) dialog: (settling by Dana) You’re an art major?
5) 23) dialog: Ooh, triple threat.
5) 25) dialog: Yes, a double... threat that sounds weird ~~ let's just say I fing you threatening.
5) 30) dialog: How come?
5) 34) dialog: (to Dana) Is it okay if I didn’t follow that?
5) 50) dialog: I don’t think there's gonna be any -- The ATTENDANT fills the doorway, having come around from the outside. He speaks as he appears, over the surge of music and Holden’s shocked jump --
5) 52) dialog: (over this) Fuck! The attendant is old, weathered, and creepy as hell. one eyeball is hideously red, tobacco chaw spills over his stained lips, and he carries a permanent scowl of ( 2 disgust. : _
5) 56) dialog: Dude....
5) 60) dialog: We also wanted to get directions...
5) 82) dialog: I think we've got enough gas.
8) 0) text: There’s no audio but music as the kids all crowd the front of the van to look at their vacation spot. The lake appears up ahead, sun rippling over the water, and they look and point, talking a bit. Finally the camera races through the forest and finds the cabin. It squats uninvitingly, a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure. Windows on either side of the door, not unlike closed eyes. The van pulls up and the kids come out, more slowly than they did at the gas station, taking it in. Dana's a little entranced, Holden curious, Curt pumped, Jules mildly excited, Marty wary.
9) 9) dialog: When was your last tetanus shot?
9) 13) dialog: Yeah, I don’t think go. Se es
9) 17) dialog: Wow. I’ve heard about the walls being thin, but -- She bares her teeth at him. He stops, not getting what's going on at all, then as she starts picking between them, he gets it. Moves forward and puts his hand to the one- way mirror between then. HOLDEN (CONT’D) No way... He watches her for a bit, first amused, then a little hypnotised. She really is kind of beautiful. She musses her hair a little, gives up, grinning at her own vanity. Moves to her bed and starts unbuttoning her shirt, HOLDEN (CONT’D) Oh shit, ah no, ahh... ( 2 He bobs back and forth between this golden opportunity and cegmnen human (yawn) decency. Moves away from the hole, out of frame, Moves back, Finally bangs on the wall, ducking his head just as she’s about to take it off —-
9) 18) dialog: (calls through) Hold up! INT. HOLDEN’S ROOM/HALL/DANA’S ROOM — MOMENTS LATER The gang is all in there, checking it out.
9) 23) dialog: (touches the edge) This from the... seventies, judging by the weathering. Who did your cousin buy this place from?
9) 27) dialog: How about we switch? (she turns to him) Not that I'd... I mean I'l) put the picture back but you might feel better if we switched rooms.
9) 29) dialog: Least I could do, since Curt and Jules have sold you to me for marriage. She makes cringe face.
9) 31) dialog: I’m just here to relax. And so can you.
9) 35) dialog: Hey, let’s not jump to any conclusions there. I had kind of an internal debate about showing you the mirror. Shouting on both sides, blood was spilled... In her (now his) room, he dumps his stuff and she grabs hers.
9) 37) dialog: Pretty bad.
9) 39) dialog: Yeah. Dana exits, clearly frustrated with her lame exit line. She enters her new room and, dropping her luggage, moves to put the picture back. she’s stopped hy the aight of iden, also looking a little fruatrated. A moment, and he pulls his shirt over his head. He’s in pretty good shape. He pulls his bathing suit out of his bag, starts unbuttoning his pants --
10) 0) text: ++-we're watching Dana on a MONITOR. And as we continue to PULL OUT, we see MORE MONITORS. ON THE SCREENS: we see a surveillance view of Holden in his room... s+eand Marty in his room... and Jules with curt... In fact --
13) 0) text: Footsteps ring out as wooden dock. They're Dana and Holden race down the both in their swimsuits, running top speed. As they reach the end, they dive into the lake -- (as 8:
13) 2) dialog: Fight through the Pain. It’s worth it, I’m nearly convinced it’s worth it. Reverse on Curt, Jules except Marty, who at 1 Pants) as they casuall , and Marty (all also in swimwear east has bare feet and rolled-up Y walk down the dock -- 29. at
13) 8) dialog: Oh my god, she’s right -- (cups it into his mouth) It tastes like... vitamins. And hope.
14) 37) dialog: Oh, I’ve played before -- I don’t really get the third part.
14) 44) dialog: Okay, whose turn... Marty. Truth or Dare or... Lecture.
14) 46) dialog: (the pressure’s on) Perfect. Lecture.
14) 48) dialog: (lecture mode) Marty Mikalski, you are... squandering your potential, Marty nods -- true. HOLDEN (CoNrT’D) You've... anesthetized yourself to the outside world; you're hiding in a womb made of reefer. It’s time you “gave birth” to the real Marty. (to the others, into it) I think he’ll find there’s more to life than getting high. Marty exhales a huge cloud of smoke as the group applauds.
14) 56) dialog: It’s a wolf, Yeah, it’s a wolf. MARTY (CONT’D) I’m living in a womb of reefer, leave me alone. (then) Jules, I dare you to make out with the wolf. Jules nods, takea a drink, hops to her feet.
14) 67) dialog: I didn’t know it was possible, but I think you just officially won Truth or Dare.
14) 69) dialog: Sorry. ( y
14) 88) dialog: What do you think’s down there?
15) 6) dialog: Dana? As footsteps ring out from above, Dana angles the light back towards the face, realizes -- It’s a PORTRAIT. A daguerrotype, to be Precise, of a young woman, roughly fifteen, dressed in turn of the century garb. She stares back at Dana with sad eyes. HOLDEN (CoNT’D) You okay? Dana turns to find Holden racing down the stairs, the others right behind him.
15) 9) dialog: Oh my god... ++.they get a full view of THE CELLAR. The room is big -- much bigger than we expected -- and every dark corner seems to be filled with creepy clutter.
15) 12) dialog: Dude, seriously -- your cousin’s into some weird shit. Curt has picked up a CONCH when he sees a WOODEN SPHERE sitting behind it. He puts the conch down and hoists the sphere. It almost looks like a small globe, it’s s0 ornately carved, but it has dusty brass rings inlaid around it -- it can be turned and adjusted almost like a spherical Rubik’s cube.
15) 32) dialog: You know, it’s uncommon that a girl out here was reading and writing in that era,
18) 0) text: The msio is blaring and Jules is dancing up a storm. Curt is going with it, occasionally getting behind her for the butt-cupping dance, but she’s all over the yoom - really working it. Pops a couple of buttons to show more cleavage. Everyone else is sitting, Dana and Holden on the couch, Dana still holding the book, and Marty slumped in armchair, smoking sullenly. Jules dances over in front of Holden and does a little impromptu lap-dance wriggle for him. He looks a little awkward, glancing at Dana, who isn’t exactly thrilled.
18) 37) dialog: (translating) “The pain outlives the flesh. The flesh returns... or re... has a meeting Place... towards the pain’s ascension”. What‘s that?
18) 40) dialog: Not well, and not since tenth grade. Weird how it comes back. He sips his beer, tosses the book back on the couch.
18) 42) dialog: Do I lose points if I tell you I'm having a pretty nice time? She smiles, looks down.
32) 0) text: Dana closes her eyes as Holden softly kisses her. It’s tender and sweet. She pulls back.
32) 2) dialog: Hey. Nothing you don’t want. They start to kiss again... WHAM! Curt spills onto his knees in the doorway. Dana and Holden race to him, gasping as they see his bloody wounds --
32) 3) dialog: Jesus -- what happened?
32) 7) dialog: It’s okay, Curt. You’re okay...
32) 28) dialog: “The pain outlives the flesh.” (thinks about it) She must have... bound a mystical incantation into the text so someone would come along, read the diary aloud and...
33) 5) dialog: Yeah... (beat ) Yeah -- good idea. ( 3 64.
34) 0) text: ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana, Holden, and Marty running down the hall. As Hadley and Sitterson watch --
35) 0) text: -- and as Dana, Holden, and Marty all split off into their separate rooms -- All the doors SLAM SHUT behind them, and: WH-CHUNK! We hear vault-worthy locks slamming home. INT. CABIN - MARTY’S ROOM Marty stops in his tracks. Glances back at the closed door behind him. Again, he frowns -- Huh. That's weird... But before he has time to consider it fully -- WHAM! The cabin shakea again. We hear glass breaking in another room. Marty snaps out of it -- stick to the Plan. He races to the window, which is wide open -- Sue
41) 3) dialog: My door’s stuck!
41) 5) dialog: Come on! a! od She stands on the bed and wriggles through, with his help, but not without some cuts, and they both fall to the floor. They're still rising when the furniture Holden has piled up is knocked away -- By Matthew.
41) 10) dialog: Curt! Curt! The knob starts moving.
41) 12) dialog: I can’t! Get down to the basement! we got a way down! CURT oo (from without ) ( J Okay! a
42) 2) dialog: Which?
42) 4) dialog: What?
42) 6) dialog: Nobody did this. Okay, it’s bad luck. Horrible fucking luck but I’m not gonna die and neither are you. We just gotta find the door.
42) 12) dialog: In the wall, something. Just look. She pulls herself together -- moves to the far wall, grabbing something that looks like @ small crowbar, running one hand along the wall for a hidden door and tapping with the bar occasionally to teat the sound of
42) 14) dialog: Hidden rooms were a staple of post-civil war architecture. There's gotta be a -~ -- and the bear-trap swings down from the trapdoor, catching under his arm and digging into the back of his shoulder. He SCREAMS as Matthew starta hoisting him up through the trap-door. ( > Dana runa to him and helps him struggle, finally overbalancing Matthew, who falis forward, stuck upside down halfway through the trap-door, still grabbing at Holden on the floor. Holden painfully pulls the trap from his shoulder -- but Matthew gets a hold of him, his mouth wide in a hissing scream --
43) 0) text: CLOSE ON: THE KNIFE HANDLE as a small electrical charge jolts Dana’s hand. As we drop back wider, it looks like she’s dropping the knife ‘cause she doesn’t like holding it. She turns her back on Matthew, dragging Holden up. They move to the other side of the room -- and the wall behind them opens, Curt reaching in to grab them.
45) 0) text: They move as quickly as they can, both Holden and curt being injured, not encountering any dead folk as they race to the Rambler. DANA. What about Marty?
52) 12) text: Curt is driving, Dana in the seat next to him, fear fighting despair as tears begin to line her eyes. Holden is between them, eyes on the tunnel...
52) 13) dialog: Don’t stop for anything...
56) 3) dialog: Back up! Back up! The whole tunnel is caving in as Curt slams on the brakes, hits reverse and tears back out, the van stopping a few yards from the din and smoke of total collapse. The kids look at it, in shock.
58) 1) text: age ¥ 79. Curt is furious, looking over the side of the mountain at the cliff’s edge on the other side, a tantalizing 20 feet away. Holden looks it over intently, working the problem.
58) 3) dialog: You got any climbing gear, ropes?
58) 5) dialog: We can’t climb this. This ig limestone, it’s slippery and it’11 crumble under pressure.
58) 7) dialog: Not unless you can jump twenty feet.
58) 9) dialog: What.
59) 3) dialog: You’ve got a smooth run and maybe a five foot differential on the other side, which is good. But you gotta give it everything,
59) 10) dialog: Don’t hold back.
59) 13) dialog: (freaking) He hit something! There’s nothing! What'd he hit!
59) 15) dialog: Did you see it? What'd he hit? mae
59) 20) dialog: Get in the van.
61) 0) text: Holden guns the engine, swinging the Rambler back down the dirt road, away from the tunnel. Dana is oddly calm.
61) 2) dialog: (trying ta think} I’m going through. We'll just drive -- there’a gotta be another road, another way out of here --
61) 4) dialog: Then we'll leave the roads altogether, drive as far as we can into the forest, go on foot from there —— Dana shakes her head, really starting to get it --
61) 6) dialog: Hey -- hey. Look at me. She looks at him. He holds her gaze, rock-solid -~
61) 7) dialog: This isn’t your fault. ()
61) 12) dialog: Please don’t go nuts on me, Dana. You're all I got. She stares at him, eyes softening.
61) 14) dialog: Good. ‘Cause I need you calm. (then) No matter what happens... We gotta stay calm. WSSSHLICK -- A SCYTHE tears through Holden’s throat from behind. Blood splatters the windshield -- Dana SCREAMS -- she glances hack to see -~ FATHER BUCKNER. He*s right behind them, having crept up from his hiding place in the Rambler. He growls as he tries to dislodge his scythe from Holden's throat -- SHLOCK -- he pulls it free -- arterial blood sprays everywhere, all over Dana — _ Dana continues to scream and Scream as Holden’s hands instinctively clutch at his own throat -- the steering wheel spins unchecked -- WH-SHLACK -- Father Buckner swings the scythe again, this time lodging it in the side of Holden's head. Holden pitches forward, the Rambler careens out of control, leaps off the road and crashes -- Right into the lake. SMASH! The front windshield SHATTERS -- lake water comes rushing into the cab, blasting Dana straight back into her seat -- Beside her, Holden continues to THRASH -- he’s still alive -- Father Buckner yanks the scythe free, tries to swing it again but the water blasts him back to the rear of the Rambler --