1) 29) text: INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS DANA POLK, a thoughtful, attractive college sophomore. Her room is like her: restrained and well ordered, but with funky touches of color and whimay. A few sketches and watercolors of her own dot the walls as well. Dana is in shirt and undies, packing for a trip and bopping softly to the music, which now comes from her little stereo. She does that singing-along thing where you start to sing too soon, looks sheepish even though she’s alone. She takes a couple of political science textbooks, drops them in her suitcase, Crosses to grab some art supplies, including a battered sketchbook. She pauses, flipping through her sketches —— which aren’t bad —— til she gets to a portrait of a handsome thirtysomething man with longish hair and glasses. CLOSE ON Dana staring sadly at the picture when Julie “JULES” Louden comes into frame next to her. Jules is bubbly, sexy and as of ten minutes ago, blonde.
1) 30) dialog: What a piece of shit.
1) 34) dialog: Very fabulous 7, No?
1) 36) dialog: But very fabulous, right -- hurry up with the very fabulous, I’m getting insecure about it now.
1) 40) dialog: Impulse. I woke up this morning and thought “I want to have more fun. Who is it that has more fun?”
1) 42) dialog: He'll have more fun too. And go will you -- (plucks the Pad from Dana) -- while we are burning this picture.
1) 44) dialog: What’s not his fault? Being thirty eight and married, fucking his student or breaking up with her by e-mail?
1) 46) dialog: Right: Dana Polk, Homewrecker. Please, You know what you're getting into this weekend? up Dana’s bikini from her open drawer, JULES (CONT ’D) This. And if Holden’s as cute as Curt says he is, possibly getting out of it.
1) 48) dialog: (crossing to the suitcase) I’m not pushing. But we're Packing this, ( Which means we definitely won't have room ” for --
1) 52) dialog: These’1l help? “Soviet Economic Structures”? “Aftermath of the Cultural...” No! We have a lake! Anda keg! We are girls on the verge of going wild -- Look at my hair, woman!
1) 55) dialog: Curt! Dana moves to look out the window, is in time to see:
1) 64) dialog: (to Dana, archly) And he’s good with his hands...
1) 67) dialog: (wriggling free) Olympian wad...
1) 71) dialog: (ala PSA:) I learned it from you, okay? In mock weep, she flees the room. Curt holds the first book up to Dana.
1) 80) dialog: (pleased) That's a first...
2) 0) text: Holden is dumping Jules’s last suitcase (she has overpacked) into the RAMBLER, the trailer Curt owns, with the dirt-bike attached to the rear. Dana’s inside, takes it from him (polite smile between them) as he turns back to Jules and a bag-laden Curt.
2) 3) dialog: Trust me when I say there is nothing in those cases you won’t be glad I brought.
2) 6) dialog: Marty...
2) 12) dialog: Marty, honey, that’s not okay.
5) 0) text: It trucks along an old road, nothing but brush visible. INT. RAMBLER — CONTINUOUS The gang is in mid-ride, clearly a couple hours in. curt is still driving. Jules, riding shotgun, is checking both a map and the GPs. Marty sits at the little table, cautiously relling an elegant, filtered row of joints. Dana sits with him, Holden in the bathroom with the doo open, where we can see they’ve stashed a keg. He's filling three cups.
5) 1) dialog: I hope this is the right road, ‘cause right now it looks like the only road.
5) 3) dialog: Doesn’t even show on the GPS. It’s unworthy of global positioning.
5) 8) dialog: (heard this before) Is society crumbling, Marty?
5) 10) dialog: I’ve missed your rants. He grins at her, holds up a gorgeous joint.
5) 12) dialog: I can’t wait. Is that the secret stash?
5) 15) dialog: (turns back) Yes. And... okay, left. Bear left.
5) 17) dialog: Not even a little bit. Holden brings up beers for Curt, Jules and Dana, who amiles at him shyly.
5) 28) dialog: Uh, no, never mind... Jules swats Curt, gives him a look.
5) 47) dialog: Because I hate going in the Rambler!
5) 49) dialog: I don’t like to pee when all my friends are two feet away from me. I’m quirky. At least this has gotta be HOAH! They stop, staring in horror. REVERSE ON: THE BATHROOM. It’s just as horrible as it could be. The door off, the room tiny -- the walls stained with what might be actual slime. The toilet is lidless, broken and filled with brownish sludge. A weird little gurgle comes from it. ( 2 Dana moves forward, brow furrowed. She leans in and looks down. In the toilet, a Scorpion struggles, drowning in the fetid muck. ANGLE: HOLDEN is heading back outside. We're behind him, and through the Open doorway we can see Curt and Marty trying to figure out how to work the pump.
5) 62) dialog: (coming forward) Tillerman Road? Do you know if it’s this way? The attendant looks at her, the name registering. She kind of wriggles under his gaze.
5) 66) dialog: There wasn’t a name...
5) 72) dialog: You knew the original owners?
7) 0) text: The Rambler comes up the side of a steep drop-off. We see Jules in the Passenger seat smiling...
7) 1) dialog: Guys, take a look... And we pan with the vehicle as it enters the mountain tunnel, slowing down a bit -- it’s a tight fit. The camera moves up the mountainside, looking down to see the rambler come out the other end. A bird comes from behind camera, flying directly above the tunnel. About halfway across it hits an invisible vom
8) 0) text: There’s no audio but music as the kids all crowd the front of the van to look at their vacation spot. The lake appears up ahead, sun rippling over the water, and they look and point, talking a bit. Finally the camera races through the forest and finds the cabin. It squats uninvitingly, a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure. Windows on either side of the door, not unlike closed eyes. The van pulls up and the kids come out, more slowly than they did at the gas station, taking it in. Dana's a little entranced, Holden curious, Curt pumped, Jules mildly excited, Marty wary.
8) 1) dialog: Oh my god, it’s beautiful! (to Curt, sotto voce) One spider and I’m sleeping in the Rambler. I mean it. Uno spider-o. , vanry J (to himself) This house is talking a blue streak... As the boys start unloading the keg, Dana approaches the front door... alewly turns the knob.. .
9) 2) dialog: It is kinda cool. You gonna kill us a raccoon to eat?
9) 7) dialog: Dibs on whichever room is -- ow! She pulls her finger back -- it’s cut, slightly on the tip, a little blood welling up. JULES (CONT’D) Curt, your cousin’s house attacked me.
9) 10) dialog: Thanks, that’s very comforting.
9) 19) dialog: You have got to be kidding me.
9) 26) dialog: (as they exit) Don’t be an ape, Curt. He makes ape noises off screen. Dana is still staring at
10) 0) text: ++-we're watching Dana on a MONITOR. And as we continue to PULL OUT, we see MORE MONITORS. ON THE SCREENS: we see a surveillance view of Holden in his room... s+eand Marty in his room... and Jules with curt... In fact --
13) 6) dialog: (to Dana and Holden) Does it seem fresh? Lotta funky diseases sitting in stagnant lake water.
13) 10) dialog: Yeah, I might just risk lying out in the sun for a while. Curt steps to the edge of the dock,. face falling as he
13) 18) dialog: (as she surfaces) Oh! Oh my god! I’m gonna kill you!
13) 25) dialog: (swimming over to him) You are so dead -- He laughs as she tries to dunk him --
14) 39) dialog: It takes it to a whole new level.
14) 50) dialog: Let’s go dare!
14) 57) dialog: No problem. The group cheera. As Jules makes her way acrogs the cabin, she drops her hips a bit, adding a sultry swagger to her step. WOLF’S POV: We're looking out at the cabin as Jules walks right by us. And just as she’s about to exit frame, she stops in her tracks. Looks over at us. She glances over her shoulder. Bashful. Looks back at us wolf, points to her chest.
14) 58) dialog: Who? Me? (pretends to listen, then) I am new in town, how did you know? Everyone laughs, cheering her on. But Jules pretends they’re not even there __ it’s just her and the wolf. She blushes, twirls her hair around her finger —~
14) 59) dialog: (to the wolf) Oh my god, that is so sweet of you to say. I just colored it, in fact...
14) 65) dialog: Whoops -- (looks towards the ground) I seem to have dropped my birth control pills all over the ground... While the group hoots and hollers, Jules turns around, bends over right in front of the wolf. Pretends like she’s picking something from the ground. Then, without turning around, she stands up straight, so that the wolf is now directly over her shoulder. She nuzzles it, cheek to cheek -- JULES (CONT’D) Oh.. Mr. Wolf. You're so big. And bad. (then) No no no -- there’s no need to huff and puff... i She turns around, takes the wolf's head in her hands --
14) 66) dialog: I’ll let you come in. And with that, Jules leans in and gives the wolf the most passionate kiss we've ever seen. She just goes for it -- full-on, tongue-to-taxidermied-wolf-tongue action. The group loses their minds. Everyone leaps to their feet, giving Jules a standing ovation. Jules looks to the group, takes a bow even as she makes a face, spitting out stuffed-wolftaste. As she walks back to the group, Curt hands Jules her beer, the others keep applauding --
14) 73) dialog: The night is still young. Now then... Dana --
14) 81) dialog: What the hell was that? They all look back at the now-open hole in the floor, As they move toward it --
14) 89) dialog: (shrugs) Why don’t we find out? (then) Dana... Dana glances up at her. What? JULES (CONT'D) iF) I dare you to go down into the cellar. And we’re CLOSE ON DANA as she tries not. to show just ho much that scares her. OFF HER LOOR --
15) 10) dialog: Look at all this... 9 ie 41.
15) 15) dialog: (almost to herself) It’s beautiful...
15) 22) dialog: What is that? Dana looks in the inside cover.
15) 25) dialog: That’s the original owners, right?
15) 47) dialog: Curt...
18) 0) text: The msio is blaring and Jules is dancing up a storm. Curt is going with it, occasionally getting behind her for the butt-cupping dance, but she’s all over the yoom - really working it. Pops a couple of buttons to show more cleavage. Everyone else is sitting, Dana and Holden on the couch, Dana still holding the book, and Marty slumped in armchair, smoking sullenly. Jules dances over in front of Holden and does a little impromptu lap-dance wriggle for him. He looks a little awkward, glancing at Dana, who isn’t exactly thrilled.
18) 6) dialog: (kittenish, turning) Oh, are you feeling lonely, Marty? She moves to him, gives him a little wriggle action as she takes his joint and sucks hard.
18) 7) dialog: Marty and I were sweeties on our freshman hall.
18) 9) dialog: (pouty) But we’re still... (blows the smoke in his face) ++ Close... MARTY ‘ You know, I have a theory about all this. (>
18) 13) dialog: (not upset) Don’t push me around.
19) 0) text: Jules is laughing, running through the woods, Curt in hot pursuit. He catches her around the waist with one hand, beer still held in the other. “Wx
19) 4) dialog: Ah! Don’t spill on me!
19) 6) dialog: Not here...
21) 1) dialog: I’m chilly.
23) 0) text: AT THEIR FEET we actually see wisps of fog rise from the ground. Jules, still holding her shirt together, closes her eyes and takes a deep breath through her nose. She opens her eyes, looking at Curt with half-lidded lust. He goes in
23) 1) dialog: It’s so dark... I'm gonna get twig-butt. Take me inside.
25) 0) text: Before the kids, a tiny glen of moss and soft green fronds suddenly seems to glow in the moonlight. It couldn't be more inviting. Jules smiles, dizzy with luat. ANGLE: GROUND LEVEL -- Jules drops down into frame, Curt on her, the two of them only about the business. They roll over, Jules on top, sliding her hand down Curt’s pants -- he moans with longing, running his hand up her chest over her bra.
27) 2) text: « (J Curt, kneeling, slides Jules’s pants off. His head comes back into frame and takes the edge of her panties in his mouth, making a little growl as he lets go and it snaps back on her waist -- Jules laughs, leaning her head back and suddenly not laughing, breathing hard... Hadley and Sitterson stare, (looking perhaps directly into camera to make us even less comfortable)... Jules swings on top and pulls her shirt off at last. She takes her time, sliding her hands up her belly to her breasts, finally to the clasp in the middle of her bra... She pops it open, holding it together coyly for one moment before pulling the bra off, revealing her breasts, a sheen of sweat (and the fact that they’re not fake) making them all the more enticing. She smiles knowingly, a vision of hedonistic perfection. Curt looks up at her in silent wonder. All three men in the control room -- including Truman -- look at her the exact same way. ( 2 As Curt slides his hand over her ghest, she leans down into him, his arms coming around her back.
27) 5) text: a “sal? 56. Skinny JUDAH is crouching over Jules, pulling his trowel out even as MOTHER reaches around her neck with her snaggle-toothed saw. MATTHEW, the biggest, is still a few feet behind, ambling towards. CLOSE ON: THE MOTHER'S BELLY as three burning coals flop out of a slit in it, sizzling on Jules’s hair and the moss. She starts to draw the saw along Jules’s neck and curt snaps out of it. He piledrives right into Mother --
27) 7) dialog: Curt! She tries to rise and Matthew swings again, digging the claw of the trap into her back. She SCREAMS, arching back and flopping face-down onto the ground, digging her fingers into the earth as Matthew drags her backwards. Curt stumbles up -- and Father is behind him, slipping the shaft of his scythe over Curt’s head and pulling it back hard against Curt’s throat. Curt thrashes, unable to scream, as his feet are pulled off the ground. He sees: The screaming, pleading, whimpering Jules is kept in place by Matthew’s foot as he yanks out the trap.