1) 5) text: Wendy LIN, a nervous woman in a labcoat, Hadley points at him,
1) 8) dialog: Stockholm went south.
1) 11) dialog: I haven’t seen the footage; word's just going around.
1) 15) dialog: That means there's just Japan. Japan and us.
1) 19) dialog: It's cutting it close. They turn a corner and find a row of golf carts at the end of a long, featureless hall. The boys hop in.
1) 22) dialog: You guys better not be messing around in there.
1) 24) dialog: I’m just saying it’s a key scenario.
5) 0) text: It trucks along an old road, nothing but brush visible. INT. RAMBLER — CONTINUOUS The gang is in mid-ride, clearly a couple hours in. curt is still driving. Jules, riding shotgun, is checking both a map and the GPs. Marty sits at the little table, cautiously relling an elegant, filtered row of joints. Dana sits with him, Holden in the bathroom with the doo open, where we can see they’ve stashed a keg. He's filling three cups.
7) 0) text: The Rambler comes up the side of a steep drop-off. We see Jules in the Passenger seat smiling...
8) 0) text: There’s no audio but music as the kids all crowd the front of the van to look at their vacation spot. The lake appears up ahead, sun rippling over the water, and they look and point, talking a bit. Finally the camera races through the forest and finds the cabin. It squats uninvitingly, a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure. Windows on either side of the door, not unlike closed eyes. The van pulls up and the kids come out, more slowly than they did at the gas station, taking it in. Dana's a little entranced, Holden curious, Curt pumped, Jules mildly excited, Marty wary.
10) 9) dialog: We've got bloodwork back on Louden. ANGLE: ON A MONITOR is JULES, going through her stuff. LIN(CONT’D) Her levels are good -- but we're recommending a fifty milligram increase of Rhohyptase to increase libido.
10) 11) dialog: Do we pipe it in or do you wanna do it orally?
10) 13) dialog: You're a pig. Guess how we're slowing down her cognition. (off hia not asking) The hair dye. See?
10) 15) dialog: Works into the blood through the scalp, very gradual. (to Hadley) The Chem Department keeps their end up.
14) 17) text: 3 Lin is off to the side, where Truma: stoically watching the Proceedings.
14) 20) dialog: Not betting?
14) 22) dialog: Seems a little harsh, doesn’t it. It’s just people letting off steam. (looks at Hadley and Sitterson) This job isn’t eaay, however those clowns may behave.
16) 0) text: As her voice continues to echo on the gnarled and grey hand digs its way ou holding a rusty blade. They come out one by one, in various a group of hastily buried and not all zombies, five of them, all in 1900's 45. soundtrack, a 't of the ground, Parts of the woods: that decomposed farm clothes, all holding various appalling farm implements. These are the Buckners: FATHER with with her broken saw, skinny JUDAH wit: his scythe, MOTHER h his thin, sharpened trowel, enormous MATTHEW (we don't see his weapon yet) and little, one-armed PAT: hatchet. Patience is the first to move, amblin. light of the cabin.
17) 11) dialog: No, they‘re something that nightmares are from. Everything in our stable is a remnant of the old world, courtesy of... (pointing down) +++You know who.
17) 18) dialog: You get used to it.
27) 2) text: « (J Curt, kneeling, slides Jules’s pants off. His head comes back into frame and takes the edge of her panties in his mouth, making a little growl as he lets go and it snaps back on her waist -- Jules laughs, leaning her head back and suddenly not laughing, breathing hard... Hadley and Sitterson stare, (looking perhaps directly into camera to make us even less comfortable)... Jules swings on top and pulls her shirt off at last. She takes her time, sliding her hands up her belly to her breasts, finally to the clasp in the middle of her bra... She pops it open, holding it together coyly for one moment before pulling the bra off, revealing her breasts, a sheen of sweat (and the fact that they’re not fake) making them all the more enticing. She smiles knowingly, a vision of hedonistic perfection. Curt looks up at her in silent wonder. All three men in the control room -- including Truman -- look at her the exact same way. ( 2 As Curt slides his hand over her ghest, she leans down into him, his arms coming around her back.
27) 5) text: a “sal? 56. Skinny JUDAH is crouching over Jules, pulling his trowel out even as MOTHER reaches around her neck with her snaggle-toothed saw. MATTHEW, the biggest, is still a few feet behind, ambling towards. CLOSE ON: THE MOTHER'S BELLY as three burning coals flop out of a slit in it, sizzling on Jules’s hair and the moss. She starts to draw the saw along Jules’s neck and curt snaps out of it. He piledrives right into Mother --
28) 0) text: The pipe ends in the ceiling of a dark room we won't really see just yet. The blood pours out onto a leaning slab of dark marble, right into a groove at the top. The blood races down the groove as it bends and arcs different ways, forming a primitive picture of some sort -- though of what, we do not yet see.
35) 1) text: 65. ‘2 As he dives for it, pulling it shut, he loses his balance, knocks over the end table next to his bed -- CRASH! A lamp SHATTERS on the ground. Marty glances down at the fragments. Sees something... ON THE FLOOR -- a thin black wire snakes through the shards of glass. Marty picks it up, sees there’s actually a small, fiber optic CAMERA at the end of it —-
38) 0) text: -- and we're WITH MARTY as Judah drags him through the treeline. They're heading towards a DARK HOLE in the ground (from which Judah firet emerged). Marty tries to struggle -- blood seeps from the wound in his back, leaving a bloody trail through the dirt. Marty’s fading fast... He coughs blood, tears stream down his face --
40) 0) text: -- and once again, BLOOD trickles down, down, down through the carved stone etchings. And as it flows outward we slowly PULL BACK to reveal the picture forming is of a PRIMITIVE HUMAN FIGURE. It is holding a goblet and dancing. We hear a RUMBLING... INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Dana is laboriously moving a tall dresser in front of the window, at which a zombie pounds. 68. Suddenly the rumbling fills the room, which starts to shake with what feels like a decent sized earthquake. Dana looks around, almost exasperated in her terror --
42) 0) text: It’s strangely quiet, as though it swallowed the noise from above. The only light is from the dangling lamp, and it throws the whole small room into a creepy half- light. And creepy seems to be the general theme. It’s a torture chamber, with a chair, chains, shackles, and a table with some truly appalling instruments rusting on it. Sweeney Todd would get squeamish in here. They look around a bit, unwittingly fascinated.
47) 2) dialog: (from com) Perfect record, huh?
47) 4) dialog: (on com) Zero fatality. Total wash. Any word from downstairs? Xe 74. ©
47) 6) dialog: You guys better be on your game. Hadley replies, though he’s still in the BG working.
47) 9) dialog: (on com) We treated the shit aut of it!
47) 11) dialog: The Fool is toast anyway. You better not fuck us on the report.
47) 13) dialog: (on com) What? Shit why? Hadley makes the hand-across-throat sign to Sitterson.
47) 15) dialog: (on com) You guys are humanity’s last hope, don’t tell me -- ( * And Sitterson cuts her off, looking at Hadley.
52) 0) text: We enter with Sitterson to see the lights blinking and sparks coming from a darkened console. Three workers -- slightly beefier or more weathered than Sitterson —- are trying to bring it back to life.
52) 12) text: Curt is driving, Dana in the seat next to him, fear fighting despair as tears begin to line her eyes. Holden is between them, eyes on the tunnel...
54) 0) text: The camera races in with Ms. Lin --
54) 1) dialog: Hadley, what’s going on?
56) 0) text: Sitterson puts a wire to a contact -- it sparks and he flinches -~
60) 0) text: The blood pours, this time onto the primitive figure of a muscular man with javelin and ball,
63) 0) text: We’re WITH DANA as the Rambler continues to sink, the van now perpendicular as it plummets straight down. She tumbles upward, into the ceiling, towards the back. oe Her hands reach out for anything, desperate to find purchase. Her eyes dart upward, falling on -- The CEILING HATCH. It’s small -- a basic ventilation hatch, no more than a foot-and-a-half Square -- but now’s not the time to be picky. There’s a little bubble of air trapped in there, and Dana shoves her face in it, gasps it greedily. It disappears as she does and she pulls her head back, holding her breath again -- CLOSE ON: FATHER, smiling in the dark water. He doesn’t need to hold his breath. Dana reaches out, grabs the crank, spins it around. Ag the hatch swings open, she punches out the screen, squeezes her body through the hole. And just as she gets about halfway through -- Sane isin ie,
64) 0) text: And a beer breaks through the surface of the ice-water of the little cooler the boys had stashed by the console. Sitterson tosses it to Hadley, pulls out two more for Lin and himself.
64) 4) dialog: They’re celebrating. I’m drinking. He points to the BIG MONITOR, where ON THE SCREEN we see a bloodied, exhausted Dana swimming through the lake towards shore.
65) 0) text: Elegiac MUSIC starts to swell on the score. Dana grabs hold of the wooden dock -- it takes every ounce of strength she’s got left to pull herself up out of the () lake. She rolls on her back, gasps for air. - As she lays there staring up at the stars, the score continues to swell. she gasps and gasps... and we're CLOSE ON HER as the realization finally hits her -- She's alive. She made it. She closes her eyes, thank god -- rm alive... And just as she breathes a sigh of relief —~ WHAM! MATTHEW'S BEAR TRAP splinters the dock just millimeters from her head. Dana screams, scrambling back, sees MATTHEW looming over her, the crowbar still sticking through his head. As he bears down on her -- INT. CONTROL ROOM -— CONTINUOUS ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana fighting for her life with Matthew. But with the notable exception of Truman, Hadley is talking to couple of excited labcoaters... \ ee GO AS
66) 0) text: WHAM! Dana’s body hits the dock hard. Matthew's bear trap shatters the wood beside her -- the dock’s now in splinters. Dana looka terrible ~- she’s sopping wet, battered and bloody, Clearly, Matthew's been kicking the hell out of her. Dada can’t even stand -- tears in her eyes, she tries to crawl away —- she sees a broken dock plank beside her -- maybe it can be used as weapon -- she reaches out for it -— And Matthew steps down on her arm. Dana CRIES OUT... As she tries to struggle, Matthew bears down... We're with Dana as she realizes there’s nothing she can do... she’s a8 good as dead... WWHH-CHING -- A BONG catches the chain from behind. Lets it wrap around and yanks it back -- Matthew jerks in surprise -- he stumbles backwards, crashing down to the dock -- Dana rolls to her feet, looks back to see -~ MARTY.
68) 0) text: ~~ Marty and Dana race around the corner of the cabin. Marty heads straight for the treeline. UP AHEAD —_ we see the edge of the ‘grave’ Judah dragged Marty into earlier,
73) 3) dialog: (to the guys) Clean-up says the prep team missed one of the kid’s stashes. Whatever he’s been smoking has been immunizing him to all our shit.
80) 0) text: The two are still cowering when something smashes though the glass and into the wall across. It starts unfurling... It’s a DRAGONBAT.
80) 16) dialog: Hadley!
81) 53) text: The Director on top of him just as Patience swings her hatchet, burying it in the back of the Director's skull. Another tremor and Marty kicks The Director over the edge of the circle. Patience, unwilling to let go her hatchet, goes over with him. Marty watches them a moment, then limps over to the stairs, Another, bigger tremor makes him pause, but it subsides and he slumps in the corner next to Dana. She's breathing shallow, tears streaming from her eyes, but she's pretty alert.