2) 8) dialog: People in this town drive in a very counterintuitive manner, and that’s what I have to say.
2) 13) dialog: Statistical fact: cops will never pull over a man with a huge bong in his car. Why? They fear this man. They know he sees farther than they and he will bind them with ancient logics. (staring at Jules’s hair) Have you gone grey?
2) 15) dialog: A giant bong, in your father’s van? He pours the water out. Removes the bowl, sticks it ina little holder inside the tube and telescopes the entire thing down, pulls a lid off the bottom and Pops it on the top, making it look exactly like a can of Fresca,
2) 16) dialog: What are you, stoned? As Holden raises his eyebrows and Jules rolls hex eyes Marty hops in, calling out: MARTY (CONT ’D) (from inside van) Dana! You fetching minx! Do you have any food?
5) 0) text: It trucks along an old road, nothing but brush visible. INT. RAMBLER — CONTINUOUS The gang is in mid-ride, clearly a couple hours in. curt is still driving. Jules, riding shotgun, is checking both a map and the GPs. Marty sits at the little table, cautiously relling an elegant, filtered row of joints. Dana sits with him, Holden in the bathroom with the doo open, where we can see they’ve stashed a keg. He's filling three cups.
5) 5) dialog: That’s the whole point. Get off the grid. No cellphone reception, no markers, no traffic cameras... go somewhere for one goddamn weekend where they can’t globally position my ass. This is the whole issue, ‘2
5) 9) dialog: Society is binding. It’s filling in the cracks with concrete. No cracks to slip through. Everything is recorded, filed, blogged, chips in our kids ao they don’t get lost -- society needs to crumble. We're all too chickenshit to let it.
5) 11) dialog: You will come to see things my way.
5) 13) dialog: The secret secret stash. I haven't told my other stash about it because it would become jealous.
5) 32) dialog: We have patterns. Societially. The beautimous Dana fell into one of the oldest patterns and we are here to burn it away and pour ash into the grooves it has etched in her brain. Cover the tracks and set her feet on new ground.
5) 39) dialog: I don’t think it knows about money. I think it’s barter gas. Curt moves a pace to see if anyone is around. ANGLE: HOLDEN is inside, moving slowly toward the back. We hear Curt’s offscreen:
5) 75) dialog: Would that have been with the blue, and some in grey? Brother, perhaps fighting against brother in that war?
5) 77) dialog: You were rude to my friend. The attendant stops for a second, not expecting this guy to have come back at him. Glances at Jules, mutters:
5) 84) dialog: Good luck with your business. I know the railroad’s comin’ through here any day now, gonna be big. Streets paved with... actual street. (to himself) Fucker.
8) 0) text: There’s no audio but music as the kids all crowd the front of the van to look at their vacation spot. The lake appears up ahead, sun rippling over the water, and they look and point, talking a bit. Finally the camera races through the forest and finds the cabin. It squats uninvitingly, a fairly ramshackle -- though not overly rustic —- single story structure. Windows on either side of the door, not unlike closed eyes. The van pulls up and the kids come out, more slowly than they did at the gas station, taking it in. Dana's a little entranced, Holden curious, Curt pumped, Jules mildly excited, Marty wary.
9) 21) dialog: It was pioneer days; people had to make their own interrogation rooms. Out of cornmeal, Raye
9) 25) dialog: (wincing) I didn’t even like hearing that.
10) 0) text: ++-we're watching Dana on a MONITOR. And as we continue to PULL OUT, we see MORE MONITORS. ON THE SCREENS: we see a surveillance view of Holden in his room... s+eand Marty in his room... and Jules with curt... In fact --
13) 28) dialog: Nah, man. I’mcool. Just seeing the sighta... He sits down on the edge of the dock, dangles his feet in the water. Leana back. High as the proverbial kite -- MARTY (CONT’D) Just seeing the sights. And with that, we CUT WIDE ON THE LAKE. On the horizon, the sun is just staring to set. We HOLD ON THIS TABLEAU as the kids splash and laugh and frolic in the lake. For a moment, all is right with the world.
14) 45) dialog: I could go for a lecture.
14) 47) dialog: Wait, hang on -- He a grabs a joint, lights it, and takes a Massive hit. But he doesn’t exhale. He just looks at Holden —- all right, bring it on...
14) 49) dialog: (genuine) Thank you for opening my eyes to whatever it was you just said. (then) Jules! Truth or Dare or Lecture.
14) 51) dialog: All right. (thinks) I dare you to make out with --
14) 53) dialog: -- that moose over there. Everyone turns, looks to where he’s pointing. MOUNTED on THE WALL is the large, snarling WOLF’S HEAD. For the record, it couldn't look less like a moose.
14) 55) dialog: Whatever that mysterious beast is --
14) 85) dialog: I thought it was locked.
15) 11) dialog: Uh, guys, I’m not sure it’s awesome to be down here. But the others aren't even listening to him. They spread out, each focusing on a different part of the cellar -- Holden looks down at a variety of CHILD’S Toys scattered across the floor. He picks up an ORNATE MUSIC BOX --
15) 16) dialog: Maybe we should go back upstairs... (then) I dare you all to go upstairs? But even Marty can’t help but be intrigued as he spots an OLD SUPER-8 PROJECTOR. He finds a film reel, starts unspooling it... HAUNTING MUSIC fills the air as Holden starts winding the crank on the music box... Curt starts turning the sphere parts -- they seem to be lining up...
15) 31) dialog: Uh, that makes what kind of sense?
15) 34) dialog: Jesus, can we not...
15) 36) dialog: Why?
15) 43) dialog: Okay, I am drawing a line in the fucking sand here, do not read the Latin. A small voice seems to whisk across the top of the room, barely audible:
15) 50) dialog: Dana...
18) 0) text: The msio is blaring and Jules is dancing up a storm. Curt is going with it, occasionally getting behind her for the butt-cupping dance, but she’s all over the yoom - really working it. Pops a couple of buttons to show more cleavage. Everyone else is sitting, Dana and Holden on the couch, Dana still holding the book, and Marty slumped in armchair, smoking sullenly. Jules dances over in front of Holden and does a little impromptu lap-dance wriggle for him. He looks a little awkward, glancing at Dana, who isn’t exactly thrilled.
18) 2) dialog: This is so classy.
18) 4) dialog: Can we not talk about People in pieces anymore tonight?
18) 8) dialog: (to the others) We made out once. TI never did buy that ring.
18) 20) dialog: Do you seriously believe that nothing weird is going on?
18) 22) dialog: The way everybody's acting!
18) 24) dialog: It’s cool, it’s not —- when does Curt start with this alpha male bullshit? He's a sociology major; he’s on a full academic scholarship! Now he’s calling his friend an “Egghead”, whose head in no way resembles an egg... (looks over at Holden) ++.except...ahhh. Okay, kinda, from thia angle, it’s... (holds hig own head to k it from hacoming eggphape) +»eahhh...
18) 26) dialog: I’ve seen Curt drunk -- Jules too.
18) 28) dialog: My secret secret stash is a gateway to enlightenment; it’s not a devolveafier. (to the wolf head) Moose, back me up on this. (to Dana) You’re not seeing what you don’t wanna see -- the puppeteers.
18) 30) dialog: (hears it wrong) Pop-tarts? Did you say that you have Pop- tarts?
18) 36) dialog: (dead serious) We are not who we are. (closes his eyes) I’m gonna read a book with pictures. He ambles off into his bedroom as Dana comes back to the couch with a beer for herself and Holden. He takes his, still holding the book.
29) 4) dialog: George, man, don’t do it! It’s ether! You’re gonna act the fool! Letting out a breath, he drops tha book to his chest. MARTY (CONT’D) Ah, but you love your ether, don’t you? Little George...
29) 6) dialog: (loud, to the room) Okay, I swear to fucking God somebody is talking. He runs his hands over his eyes, weary.
29) 7) dialog: Or I’m pretty sure someone is...ah.. a
29) 9) dialog: (standing) Enough! What are you saying? What do you want? You think I’ma Puppet, gonna do a puppet dance -- fuck all y'all! (MORE)
29) 13) dialog: I’m the boss of my brain (beat. Pissed: ) I’m gonna go for a walk.
30) 3) dialog: He’s got a husband bulge. They look at each other awkwardly, the moment broken. Marty shuts the door behind him.
31) 0) text: We walk out with Marty, leaving the house behind. He comes out about thirty yards, near the first trees. In medium close-up, he looks up...
31) 1) dialog: I thought there’d be stars... (sighs) We are abandoned. And he starts to take a piss. All of which is held at this close angle, 80 we only hear it. There’s a noise in the woods behind. He turns around to see a copse of trees, but no movement. Turns back and in the BG one of the trees turna out to be a figure -- a silhouetted girl with only one arm, She makes her way slowly toward him, holding a hatchet. now lit by the side window of the house, now lost in the dark in front of it. Marty zips up, turns again -- and Curt attacks him from right beside camera, yelling and scaring the shit out of
31) 3) dialog: What’s --
32) 4) dialog: 
32) 8) dialog: (gasping for air) No. We're not okay. What’s the opposite of okay?
32) 16) dialog: Dana -- don’t open that --
32) 26) dialog: (nods) I saw a young girl -- all zombied, like him. And “Little House on the Prairie”, too, but she’s missing an arm -- Dana’s face falls as she realizes —-
32) 31) dialog: _ (nods ) He’s right.
33) 6) dialog: Really? CRASH! Just then, the living room window EXPLODES INWARD. Our group cries out in surprise, looks back to see MATTHEW'S ARM now reaching through the window —- Curt turns, races back towards the living room --
34) 0) text: ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana, Holden, and Marty running down the hall. As Hadley and Sitterson watch --
35) 0) text: -- and as Dana, Holden, and Marty all split off into their separate rooms -- All the doors SLAM SHUT behind them, and: WH-CHUNK! We hear vault-worthy locks slamming home. INT. CABIN - MARTY’S ROOM Marty stops in his tracks. Glances back at the closed door behind him. Again, he frowns -- Huh. That's weird... But before he has time to consider it fully -- WHAM! The cabin shakea again. We hear glass breaking in another room. Marty snaps out of it -- stick to the Plan. He races to the window, which is wide open -- Sue
35) 1) text: 65. ‘2 As he dives for it, pulling it shut, he loses his balance, knocks over the end table next to his bed -- CRASH! A lamp SHATTERS on the ground. Marty glances down at the fragments. Sees something... ON THE FLOOR -- a thin black wire snakes through the shards of glass. Marty picks it up, sees there’s actually a small, fiber optic CAMERA at the end of it —-
36) 0) text: ON THE MONITOR -- Marty’s face fills up the entire screen as he stares directly into the camera --
36) 3) dialog: Oh my god, I’m on a reality show. (then) My parents are gonna think I’m such a burnout -- CRASH! Just then, the window behind Marty EXPLODES INWARD -- Judah reaches through, grabs Marty by the neck, yanks him backward, THROUGH THE WINDOW --— Marty screams as Judah tries to pull him out of the cabin. Marty struggles mightily -- he holds fast to the ( window frame, desperate to get back inside -- Sassen!
36) 4) text: vert age 66. Judah growls, yanks Marty again. As Marty starts to lose his grip on the window, he flails about, his free hand searching the nearby dresser top for anything he can use as a weapon -- And just as Judah yanks him one last time, Marty's fingers close around the FRESCA CAN --
37) 0) text: Judah hauls Marty straight out of the cabin window -- WHAM -- Marty slams into the ground -- he gasps in pain, looks up just in time to see -- Judah plunging THE TROWEL down straight at Marty’s head. Marty rolls to the side —— THUNK -- as Judah buries the trowel into the ground next to him -- Marty struggles to his feet, but Judah’s right on top of him. As Marty tries to fight him off, he glances down at the Fresca can in his hand. He gives it a shake -— C1-CLACK -- and it telescopes outward into the GIANT BONG. Marty takes the makeshift baton, awings it with all his might -- WHAM! He hits Judah flush in tha side of the head, dropping him to the ground with a sickening thud. Marty stares down at Judah’s crumpled body... but Judah's only momentarily dazed... he’s already starting to get to his feet. Marty doesn’t hesitate any longer... he bolts towards the forest -- But as Marty races away at top speed, Judah takes the trowel in hand -- And hurls it right at Marty's back. Wh-CHUNK! Bullseye -- he hits Marty right between the shoulder blades. Marty cries out in pain as he pitches forward, crashes to the ground. Judah slowly walks towards the fallen Marty... ON THE GROUND -- Marty gasps in pain, tears in his eyes as he desperately struggles to get the trowel out of his back. He reaches behind him —- his fingers touch the hilt, but they can’t find purchase... Judah grabs Marty by the leg. starts dragging him into the forest -~ i ¥
38) 0) text: -- and we're WITH MARTY as Judah drags him through the treeline. They're heading towards a DARK HOLE in the ground (from which Judah firet emerged). Marty tries to struggle -- blood seeps from the wound in his back, leaving a bloody trail through the dirt. Marty’s fading fast... He coughs blood, tears stream down his face --
45) 0) text: They move as quickly as they can, both Holden and curt being injured, not encountering any dead folk as they race to the Rambler. DANA. What about Marty?
66) 0) text: WHAM! Dana’s body hits the dock hard. Matthew's bear trap shatters the wood beside her -- the dock’s now in splinters. Dana looka terrible ~- she’s sopping wet, battered and bloody, Clearly, Matthew's been kicking the hell out of her. Dada can’t even stand -- tears in her eyes, she tries to crawl away —- she sees a broken dock plank beside her -- maybe it can be used as weapon -- she reaches out for it -— And Matthew steps down on her arm. Dana CRIES OUT... As she tries to struggle, Matthew bears down... We're with Dana as she realizes there’s nothing she can do... she’s a8 good as dead... WWHH-CHING -- A BONG catches the chain from behind. Lets it wrap around and yanks it back -- Matthew jerks in surprise -- he stumbles backwards, crashing down to the dock -- Dana rolls to her feet, looks back to see -~ MARTY.
66) 4) dialog: Dana -- get away! But she doesn’t run. As Matthew yanke his chain from Marty's grasp, Dana grabs hold of the dock Plank beside her. She swings it with all her might right at Matthew -- CRACK! It hits him Square in the face -- he pitches backwards right off the dock -- SPLASH -- into the lake. Dana joins Marty and they are at a dead run. SPLOOSH! Matthew re-emerges from the lake. Starts moving through the water. Right towards them, MARTY (CONP’D) cmon -~
67) 0) text: Dana and Marty race towards the cabin. Behind them, we can see Matthew emerge from the lake, following them --
67) 2) dialog: This way --~ They bolt around the side of the house, heading towards the back. Mother Buckner follows...
68) 0) text: ~~ Marty and Dana race around the corner of the cabin. Marty heads straight for the treeline. UP AHEAD —_ we see the edge of the ‘grave’ Judah dragged Marty into earlier,
68) 2) dialog: Dana, c’mon --
68) 4) dialog: I need you to keep the faith right now, sister ~~ Fwish -- in the forest UP AHEAD, Patience Buckner breaks through the treeline. ON DANA -- as she sees Mother, Matthew, and Patience all closing in on her. She's trapped. She knows it. So it takes her all of one second to make the decision -- Marty kneels by the hole in the ground and opens it further like a storm door. on top, sod and leaves, Underneath, smooth, clean metal. Looking apprehensive, Dana slides in and Marty SLAMS the door shut on top of them. We stay outside, looking down, holding on the door in the earth for a beat. And then -- Patience Buckner slides down the embankment. She awkwardly tries to Paw at the metal door with her one hand. And as she scratches at the metal, she lets out a chilling cry of zombie frustration --
69) 2) dialog: Yeah, I hadda dismember that guy with a trowel. What’ve you been up to? She looks at him, bewildered and despairing. MARTY (CONT’D) Nobody else, huh? She shakes her head. MARTY (CONT’D) I figured.
69) 4) dialog: Not even close, but I do know some stuff. As in: He goes to the door in the floor and slides it open. She looks down: it’s a small metal elevator. Two sides are thick glass, but they are up against the metal shaft so tight you might not even tell.
69) 5) dialog: It’s an elevator. Somebody sent these dead fucks up to get us. There's no controls inside but there's maintenance overrides in there. I been Playing around. I think I can make it go down.
69) 10) dialog: Where else we gonna go? A beat, and she scrambles down into it as he moves to the open panel. MARTY (CONT’D) Get ready -- the timing on this might be pretty tight.
70) 0) text: She moves against the wall, looking up. Marty flicks a switch and slides right into the hole as the elevator whirs to life and the door starts sliding shut. He barely makes it -- and one of Judah’s arms falls in with him, the two of them doing the get-away- from-it dance even as they brace themselves against the sudden plummet.
70) 1) dialog: (kicking it to the side) Ab! Fuckin’ zombie arm! The elevator starts down -- not too fast -- and it is shaken by another tremor.
72) 1) dialog: Are we moving sideways? Dana is leaning against the glase when the elevator suddenly comes abreast of another elevator, also with a thick glass wall, and stops -- [7 _@ ravenous WEREWOLF leaps at her as she turns -- she jumps back as it hits the glass, clawing at it and drooling. Marty stares in incomprehension.
72) 8) dialog: (looking over at hers) What? The elevator moves back down into darkness.
74) 0) text: Marty is holding Dana, who's breathing hard but calm, as the elevator goes down. The elevator stops and the door opens into a sort of lobby. Instantly a GUARD is stepping one foot in, gun at their heads. Dana is a little in front of Marty, standing exhausted, haunted, her knuckles -- and much else of her -- bloody.
75) 0) text: Pushing him back -- he lifts the gun and Marty knocks the guard’s arm so his gun points straight at his own chin -- it goes off... The guard falls against the wall, clutching at his bloodspurts as Marty takes the gun.
75) 1) dialog: (ala “Lassie”:) Good work, zombie arm! They look around. There are eight elevator wells, four on each side, with a corridor turn behind from which we can hear the tromp of approaching guards. on the other side is a small guard station, which this dead fellow presumably came out of, since the door is ajar. The guard station has glass along the top half, as thick and unbreakable as the elevators’,
75) 7) text: I know you can hear me. I hope you’1l listen. Marty makes a motion to Dana —— don’t speak.
76) 0) text: Hadley and Sitterson listen as well. On their screens, we see Marty and Dana in a corridor -- and a SWAT-lookin’ team creeping down another.
77) 4) text: 8 96. Marty pulls at Dana, handing her the trowel as they head to the empty guard station, INT. GUARD STATION/LOBBY — CONTINUOUS They are closing the door behind them when it is peppered with gunfire. They slam it shut and lock it, keeping low even though the glass isn’t even cracking yet. Marty looks up: the lobby is full of approaching guards -- SWAT-looking guys who keep a steady pound of bullets coming. Dana looks at the console in here, realization dawning on her: ANGLE: THE CONSOLE controls all the elevators. And there’s a button that says “PURGE”,
80) 8) text: net Bla et hara wy throug: the wall. The dragonbat pulls him back, eating his entrails, and Dana looks at the hole in the wall. There is a stone corridor beyond, different than any of the rest of this Place. Older. Marty is watching the corridor -- a couple of flesh-— eating Zombies are slowly coming toward them -- and Dana grabs his arm, pulls him into the stone corridor and down it.
81) 0) text: Sitterson races down a ladder and around the corner -- and right into Dana’s trowel. He looks at her, confused by the blade in hig chest. She looks stricken, He sees Marty coming up behind her, turns to her as he sinks...
81) 5) dialog: Come on. We have to find a way out before everything else finds a way in. She's looking down at Sitterson.
81) 6) dialog: Dana! She looks up at him. He holds out the gun.
81) 7) dialog: Here. It's easier with this. She takes the gun and does seem to gain some measure of calm from it. Starts down the hall -- and down a long stone staircase, taking point, gun held out. INT. THE CHAMBER — CONTINUOUS Marty and Dana enter quickly, Dana holding the gun, the camera circling them as they turn, looking at the five stone slabs, then arming up to see they’re standing on a mosaic of the aymbol Sitterson wore. ( 2 Except at the stairs, the @dges of the stone don’t reach the wall. The two of them look over tha edge to sae a space of maybe four feet across that goes all the way down into darkness. But there is the sense of something moving in that darkness. The kids draw back from it.
81) 8) dialog: No way out.
81) 10) dialog: What are they?
81) 16) dialog: A ritual sacrifice? Great! You tie someone to a stone, get a fancy dagger and a buncha robes... it’s not that complicated!
81) 18) dialog: Punished for what?
81) 32) dialog: Dude, she’s a homewrecker!
81) 34) dialog: What happens if you don’t pull it off?
81) 38) dialog: Maybe that’s the way it ought to be. Maybe it’s time for a change.
81) 43) dialog: Gosh, they’re both so enticing... He looks over to Dana to see that she is pointing the gun at hin.
81) 44) dialog: Wow.
81) 47) dialog: Yeah, Dana. You feeling strong?
81) 49) dialog: So am I. A werewolf leapa at her from the stairs and tears into her! The gun goes flying as she falls to the ground, trying to pull the beast off her. The Director and Marty both move for the gun, and struggle themselves, but Marty finally gets hold of it -- knocking The Director to the floor -~ and without hesitation puts three bullets into the werewolf, sending it screeching back up the stairs. Dana rolls over, eyes wild, blood everywhere. The Director rises and tackles Marty. They wrestle on the floor, the gun just out of reach, the edge of the abyss by their heads. As they fight, Dana breathes heavily by the stairs, unable to rise. She looks over as two small feet shamble by her, in old, dirty shoes, the edge of a tattered gingham dress swinging above the ankles. Marty gets on top of The Director and pushes his forearm against his windpipe. His back is to the girl.
81) 53) text: The Director on top of him just as Patience swings her hatchet, burying it in the back of the Director's skull. Another tremor and Marty kicks The Director over the edge of the circle. Patience, unwilling to let go her hatchet, goes over with him. Marty watches them a moment, then limps over to the stairs, Another, bigger tremor makes him pause, but it subsides and he slumps in the corner next to Dana. She's breathing shallow, tears streaming from her eyes, but she's pretty alert.
81) 54) dialog: Hey.
81) 56) dialog: Huh. How are you?
81) 58) dialog: I’m sorry.
81) 60) dialog: Hey, shh, no... I totally get it. As he continues, he lights up a joint. MARTY (CONT’D) I’m sorry I let you get attacked by a werewolf and then ended the world. He takes a drag and holds it out to her. With a shakey hand, she takes it and drags on it herself.
81) 64) dialog: Giant evil gods.
81) 66) dialog: I know! That would be a fun weekend. Biggest rumble yet. The floor starts bulging, eracking, as dust and debris cloud the screen. Dana holds out her hand. Marty puts his in it. Squeezes it. They hold a moment. An explosion of debris from below obliterates the chamber.