0) 0) text: Steve HADLEY and Richard SITTERSON are workaday white collar joes getting coffee and vending snacks as they chat. Hadley is blandly handsome, sitterson bordering on nerdy, but they have a sweet rapport.
0) 2) dialog: But child-proofed how? Gates and stuff?
0) 4) dialog: At all?
0) 6) dialog: Well, I guess sooner or later --
1) 1) dialog: It’s a talisman. It’a an offering.
1) 6) dialog: Please. You of all People --
1) 9) dialog: Seriously? 1 thought they were looking good.
1) 13) dialog: Stockholders? ‘oh no you didn’t: making a big
1) 17) dialog: Japan hae a Perfect record.
1) 21) dialog: They hired Professionals? what happens to us?
1) 23) dialog: Does this mean you're not in the betting Pool this year? Big money...
1) 27) text: He peels out, Sitterson trying not to spill his coffee. We stay with them... HADLEY (CONT’D) Gonna be a long weekend if everybody's that puckered up. Hey, you want to come over Monday night? I’m gonna pick up a couple power drills and liberate my cabinets -- Very suddenly there dea horribly loud musical sting and a smash cut to titles: THE CABIN IN THE woops EXT. COLLEGE Town — DAY The horrible sound gives way to jaunty rock. We see a street with a good, boho student vibe, not unSanFranciscolike. Arm in on a nice three story townhouse and into the second story window of:
4) 8) dialog: (sliding the cooler under a counter) Or “Honey Toes”.
4) 17) dialog: (from off camera) It wasn’t funny last time, either! Hadley is shrugging, hitting a bank of switches on the wall that audibly powers up the control room. He crosses ( » to his chair and starts flipping switches there as we aa TE ae?
10) 5) dialog: All right -- places everyone -- we are live -- Hadley stares at DANA’S MONITOR. Keys the microphone in front of him --
10) 8) dialog: Ms, Lin! ~~ Wendy Lin entere the area, clipboard under her am. Sitterson wheels himself towards her.
10) 10) dialog: (nods) Sold.
10) 12) dialog: (closes his eyes) Ask me that again only slower. ey a nd
10) 14) dialog: (impressed) The dumb blonde. That's artistic.
14) 0) text: WHUMP! A large wad of CASH slams down onto the console. Widen to reveal Sitterson -- for some reason he’s holding large wads of cash. As he steps up onto the console -~
14) 1) dialog: Last chance to post! C’mon people, dig (3 deep. Betting windows are about to a close! nner
14) 6) dialog: I got Engineering, I got R&D, I got Electrical --
14) 8) dialog: Yeah, you’re one to talk, Aquaman. A TECHNICIAN in a labcoat hands her form to Sitterson. As he looks at it ~~
14) 9) dialog: I’m not even sure we have one of these...
14) 11) dialog: (shrugs, takes her money) Well, they'd know. Across the room, A YOUNG GUY who looks a lot like an INTERN hands his form to Hadley --
14) 31) dialog: They have to make the choice of their own free will. Otherwise, system doesn’t work. Like the harbinger: creepy old fuck practically wears a sign saying “you WILL DIE”, why would we put him there? The system. They have to choose to ignore him. They have to choose what happens in the cellar. Yeah, we rig the game as much as we have to but in the end, if they don’t transgress.., Hadley counts the money --
14) 35) dialog: (looking at screens) Let’s get this party started! INT. CABIN - LIVING ROOM — NIGHT Curt pumps the keg, sprays beer into a plastic cup as Jules puts on a song --
17) 1) dialog: We have a winner! Widen to reveal a HUGE CROWD has fill Everyone‘s watching the large viewscr ed the control room. een intently. SITTERSON (CONT‘D) It’s the Buckners, ladies and gentlemen! Buckners pull the “wi” Most of the crowd GROANS in disappoin’ betting slips to the ground. But a f, throw their arms up in triumph -- tment, throws their ew BLUE-COLLAR GUYS SITTERSON (CONT’D) (looks over at the wall) Looks like congratulations Maintenance... go to And as he says that, we see behind him: A LARGE WHITE-BOARD against the wall. down one column, there's a long list words jump out at us: “VAMPIRES,” "WE WITCHES,” “ALIENS,” “ZOMBIES,” “KEVIN “WRAITHS, “ "SCARECROWS,” “ANGRY MOLES: “MUTANTS.” Written in marker, of MONSTERS. A few REWOLVES , ” “FLOATING +“ “CLOWNS,” TING TREE,”
17) 7) dialog: Yes, you had “Zombies,” But this is “Zombie Redneck Torture Family...“ Sitterson taps the board. There it is right there: “ZOMBIE REDNECK TORTURE FAMILY.” Right next to “MAINTENANCE” and “RONALD THE INTERN.”
17) 8) dialog: Entirely separate thing. It’s like the difference between an elephant and an elephant seal. Her shoulders slump. Knows he’s right. As she goes:
17) 9) dialog: There‘s always next year.... Truman stares at the screens, at the shambling Buckners corpse-clan.
17) 20) dialog: I’m sorry, man.
17) 22) dialog: I know. Couple more minutes, who knows what would have happened...
17) 24) dialog: Dude, he thankful. Those things are terrifying. And the cleanup on them’a a nightmare, Hadley nods -- I Suppose you’re right. He gestures towards the screens,
17) 26) dialog: I know. (watches the screens) Well, they may be zombified pain- worshipping backwoods idiots, but...
17) 28) dialog: -~ and they have a hundred percent clearance rate, Hadley nods, good point. Ags they start walking back ( towards their console -— on
17) 31) dialog: Yeah, right. They’re Japanese. What are they gonna do -~ relax?
22) 3) dialog: (interrupting) On it. He types fast on a keyboard, uses a touch-screen thermometer gage to raise the heat. Hadley is working his own controls...
24) 1) dialog: (to himself, singing) Music and moonlight and love and romance... He pushes a lever -- literally a dimmer -- up as he hums. And:
26) 2) dialog: Show us the goods... Truman looks over at them, a little disturbed.
26) 5) dialog: Got to keep the customer satisfied. (does turn) You understand what's at stake here?
27) 2) text: « (J Curt, kneeling, slides Jules’s pants off. His head comes back into frame and takes the edge of her panties in his mouth, making a little growl as he lets go and it snaps back on her waist -- Jules laughs, leaning her head back and suddenly not laughing, breathing hard... Hadley and Sitterson stare, (looking perhaps directly into camera to make us even less comfortable)... Jules swings on top and pulls her shirt off at last. She takes her time, sliding her hands up her belly to her breasts, finally to the clasp in the middle of her bra... She pops it open, holding it together coyly for one moment before pulling the bra off, revealing her breasts, a sheen of sweat (and the fact that they’re not fake) making them all the more enticing. She smiles knowingly, a vision of hedonistic perfection. Curt looks up at her in silent wonder. All three men in the control room -- including Truman -- look at her the exact same way. ( 2 As Curt slides his hand over her ghest, she leans down into him, his arms coming around her back.
27) 4) dialog: Eat that, Stockholm... He makes a small tweak on a dial, eyes still on the screen. ANGLE: ABOVE THE LOVERS the camera comes softly down towards them, the tableau romantic and sensual. He's atop her and a bit to the side, one hand (out of frame) working under her panties as she moans, arms out... CLOSE ON: HER HAND, running along the soft moss. A rusty trowel nails it to the earth. Jules SCREAMS, rearing up --- hampered by the hand that won't move, as Curt tumbles off her, looking up to see: Three zombies (as they will be called from now on) are attacking them.
27) 11) dialog: This we offer in humility and fear, for the blessed peace of your eternal slumber. As it ever was.
33) 0) text: Hadley’s slumped in his chair, shaking his head as he stares at the surveillance images of Curt and the others moving through the cabin. Sitterson’s right beside him, working the console --
33) 1) dialog: (to Hadley) -- calm down, I got it. Watch the master work... Clickety-clack -- he hits some keys, throws a switch -- INT. CABIN ( a Curt’s hair ripples Slightly as he’s hit. by a gust of ai from a nearby HEATING VENT. He stops in his tracks, looking slightly confused ~-
34) 0) text: ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana, Holden, and Marty running down the hall. As Hadley and Sitterson watch --
36) 1) dialog: Uh-oh -- that’s not good.
41) 0) text: Hadley, Sitterson and Truman all pause to look around as they too, are shaking. Hadley is returning from the lever he just pulled down, turns to Sitterson with shrug...
41) 2) dialog: Greatest Show on Earth... INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS The rumbling subsides and she turns her attention back to the dresser. As she gets it in place she hears the window shatter and the chest begina to rock. She shoves the bed against it and goes for the door. It won’t open. She pulls, kicks, but it’s locked solid. She’s staring at it, confused -- it looks so flimsy -- when the chest goes over and a zombie starts climbing in. She hits it with a lamp but it has no effect. She sees a second one coming, backs up against the wall - and the picture on it goes flying, glass shattering, making her jump. Holden knocks out the rest of the one-way mirror. There’s banging in his room but no zombies in yet.
42) 17) dialog: Danger’s over, and we...
47) 0) text: Sitterson is watching this on a screen very unhappy. Hadley ie working behind him. ’
47) 1) dialog: Fuuhhheck yooouuu... | A com-line lights up and he switches it, eyes still on the screen and the frog and the happy song of love, SITTERSON (CONT’D) (to the com, still watching) You seeing this?
47) 3) dialog: Naruto-watching, geisha-fucking, weird- gameshow-having DICKS! They fucked us!
47) 5) dialog: Director doesn’t care about Japan. (unconvincing) He trusts us...
47) 8) dialog: Fuck was up with that fool’s pot, anyway? He shoulda been drooling and instead he nearly made us.
47) 10) text: é (Just to Sitterson, all siness) Got ‘em in the Rambler, headed for the tunnel,
47) 20) dialog: What? ANGLE: SCREEN OF THE OPEN TUNNEL, light on the road beyond.
47) 22) dialog: This is control to demolition... (to Hadley) They’re not even picking up! (hits another button) Broadcast, can you patch me in to demolition?
47) 24) dialog: See if you can bypass --
47) 26) dialog: (to Truman) Get the door.
47) 28) dialog: Open the goddamn door!
49) 0) text: Sitterson runs through the hall, a few workers and guards moving aside --
49) 1) dialog: Make a hole! Move!
52) 0) text: We enter with Sitterson to see the lights blinking and sparks coming from a darkened console. Three workers -- slightly beefier or more weathered than Sitterson —- are trying to bring it back to life.
52) 2) dialog: Fuck is going on in here?
52) 4) dialog: The tunnel should have been blown hours agol
52) 8) dialog: You need me to tell you to wipe your ass? (pushes past him) How do we get past this?
52) 11) dialog: We don’t have time. Talk me through.
53) 0) text: Sitterson replaces a chip in a board -- some of the console lights up.
53) 2) dialog: shit!
56) 0) text: Sitterson puts a wire to a contact -- it sparks and he flinches -~
56) 2) dialog: Blow it!: Demo #3 hit a big red knob. EAT. MOUNTAIN TUNNEL/INT. RAMBLER -— CONTINUOUS And the Rambler enters the tunnel as a charge senda rocks tumbling down. The kids sees them through the windshield falling up ahead before the van is pounded from above --
57) 0) text: Sitterson is breathing hard, nobody saying anything. He exits, saying to #2 contemptuously:
57) 1) dialog: Wipe your ass.
64) 0) text: And a beer breaks through the surface of the ice-water of the little cooler the boys had stashed by the console. Sitterson tosses it to Hadley, pulls out two more for Lin and himself.
64) 2) dialog: Photo fuckin’ finish. But we are the champions -~ of the world. {to Truman) Tru? He holds a beer up. Truman shakes his head.
64) 10) dialog: (with genuine respect) That she did.
65) 7) dialog: You! Yoouuuu! Knuckleheads almost gave me a heart-attack with that tunnel!
65) 9) dialog: I'm just giving you a hard time, (to Demo #2} C’merea you -- let’s have a hug --
65) 11) dialog: What do you mean, “upstairs”? BRRRRING. Just then, a piercing RING fills the air. Sitterson’s face falls -- his eyes dart towards the back of the room where -- A single RED TELEPHONE sits on the wall. BRRRING. As one, the crowd goes QUIET. Sitterson looks to Hadley -- they lock eyes, color draining from their faces -- oh. Shit. Hadley swallows, moves towards the Phone --
73) 0) text: Everyone has cleared out except Wendy and our hero three. She’s in the lower Part, on console, earpiece in. The men are going through every part of the building on their screens, moving fast and frightened. Sitterson watches nine constantly changing views of monsters in elevators, looking for the kids.
73) 1) dialog: (into com) We saw them go down the access drop, they have to be in one of these! Internal security should be able to -- I don’t care if that’s not Protocol! Are you fucking high? Hadley, over this, is looking at halls and stairwells, (many of them being swept by security teams), also talking on an earpiece:
73) 6) dialog: Thirty six oh six, Gotchya,.
76) 0) text: Hadley and Sitterson listen as well. On their screens, we see Marty and Dana in a corridor -- and a SWAT-lookin’ team creeping down another.
79) 0) text: There is chaos on every screen. Wendy is silent and near tears. Truman has his weapon at the ready. Hadley and Sitterson are still working.
79) 1) dialog: Why aren’t the defenses working? Where's the fucking gas?
79) 3) dialog: Something which?
80) 15) dialog: It’s on emergency lockdown! I'm bypassing... Truman’s grenade explosion knocks Hadley off the edge and into the main space, lost in the smoke.
80) 17) dialog: I’m close I’m close I'm close -- ANGLE: HADLEY is on his back, dazed, when he heara something slurping toward him in the smoke. He looks to see the MERMAN, black fin and dorsal like a whale, black soaking hair, black eyes -- everything else as white as his razor-sharp teeth. He puts a webbed hand on Hadley’s throat as Hadley realizes he’s about to be killed by a mexman --
80) 19) dialog: Got it! Sitterson swings the heavy stone door up as a tentacle wraps around Lin and whips her up out of frame. Sitterson dives into the hole and pulls the door shut over him.
81) 0) text: Sitterson races down a ladder and around the corner -- and right into Dana’s trowel. He looks at her, confused by the blade in hig chest. She looks stricken, He sees Marty coming up behind her, turns to her as he sinks...
81) 1) dialog: Please... kill him... And dies at her feet, trowel still in him.