4) 0) text: A thick metal door (not vault-sized, but impressive) wheezes open, a military guard standing behind it. His name is Alex TRUMAN, and his exact military affiliation is unclear. He is upright, exacting, and Pretty new at all this.
4) 1) dialog: Identification, Please. 7 REVERSE on Sitterson and Hadley as they pull off their badges and swipe them over Truman's handheld reader. He confirms: TRUMAN (CONT’D) Mister Sitterson, Mister Hadley, thank you. Please come in, and Hadley to move about in. On the far wall, over the lower space, are three big screens, also off. The Place resembles a movie mixing stage, or a tiny Houston Control. Hadley and Sitterson make their way up, talking with Truman.
4) 3) dialog: Alex Truman, sir.
4) 10) dialog: I’ve been prepped extensively.
4) 12) dialog: They told me. I°11 hold my post, Mister Hadley. I/’11 see it through.
4) 14) dialog: They also told me you would try and make me get you coffee.
4) 16) dialog: And that you would try to make me do that.
14) 21) dialog: Not for me, thanks.
14) 23) dialog: Does fhe Director... do they know about it downstairs?
14) 25) dialog: But then it’s fixed. (off their looks) How can you wager on this when you control the outcome? 33. in stands at attention, Hadley glances up at the monitors. ON THE SCREENS -~ we see Dana, Holden, Jules, Curt, and Marty crossing through the cabin, heading towards the living room.
14) 33) dialog: I'm fine.
17) 10) dialog: They're like something from a nightmare...
17) 12) dialog: Monsters, Magic...
17) 19) dialog: (turning to her) S8hould you? Sitterson walks over to Hadley. He’s just standing there, staring up at the screens. Looking a little despondent -~
26) 3) dialog: Does it really matter if we see --
26) 6) dialog: (nodding) Sorry. Sitterson turns back to the screens, and the two men watch their handiwork.
27) 2) text: « (J Curt, kneeling, slides Jules’s pants off. His head comes back into frame and takes the edge of her panties in his mouth, making a little growl as he lets go and it snaps back on her waist -- Jules laughs, leaning her head back and suddenly not laughing, breathing hard... Hadley and Sitterson stare, (looking perhaps directly into camera to make us even less comfortable)... Jules swings on top and pulls her shirt off at last. She takes her time, sliding her hands up her belly to her breasts, finally to the clasp in the middle of her bra... She pops it open, holding it together coyly for one moment before pulling the bra off, revealing her breasts, a sheen of sweat (and the fact that they’re not fake) making them all the more enticing. She smiles knowingly, a vision of hedonistic perfection. Curt looks up at her in silent wonder. All three men in the control room -- including Truman -- look at her the exact same way. ( 2 As Curt slides his hand over her ghest, she leans down into him, his arms coming around her back.
41) 0) text: Hadley, Sitterson and Truman all pause to look around as they too, are shaking. Hadley is returning from the lever he just pulled down, turns to Sitterson with shrug...
47) 27) dialog: Mister Sitterson, you're not supposed to leave the --
47) 30) dialog: Yeah...
64) 3) dialog: I don’t understand. We're celebrating?
64) 5) dialog: She's still alive. How can the ritual be complete?
65) 0) text: Elegiac MUSIC starts to swell on the score. Dana grabs hold of the wooden dock -- it takes every ounce of strength she’s got left to pull herself up out of the () lake. She rolls on her back, gasps for air. - As she lays there staring up at the stars, the score continues to swell. she gasps and gasps... and we're CLOSE ON HER as the realization finally hits her -- She's alive. She made it. She closes her eyes, thank god -- rm alive... And just as she breathes a sigh of relief —~ WHAM! MATTHEW'S BEAR TRAP splinters the dock just millimeters from her head. Dana screams, scrambling back, sees MATTHEW looming over her, the crowbar still sticking through his head. As he bears down on her -- INT. CONTROL ROOM -— CONTINUOUS ON THE MONITORS -- we see Dana fighting for her life with Matthew. But with the notable exception of Truman, Hadley is talking to couple of excited labcoaters... \ ee GO AS
73) 5) dialog: There! He’s looking at the elevator screens. Sitterson freezes them from changing, then puts their screen on all nine.
79) 0) text: There is chaos on every screen. Wendy is silent and near tears. Truman has his weapon at the ready. Hadley and Sitterson are still working.