11) 0) text: WENDY’S POV: Outside Sean’s house, ALLYSON, another senior, not as pretty, but very put together, sits in her convertible. 23 24 25 26 11/4/05 17. INT. BERGMAN HOUSE: WENDY’S ROOM - NIGHT 23
12) 7) dialog: (yelling to be heard) They are complete magno-sluts.
13) 0) text: Music continues. LOOKING AROUND THE ROOM, we see that everyone is treated to television sets running non-stop porn. Everyone drinks. Bong hits in the corner. In the background, girls disappear with guys into a variety of rooms. Basically, an average teen party. Sean stands with Allyson. RYAN (a girl, also a senior) is sitting on a kitchen counter nearby but out of earshot, with her boyfriend, AARON who is strumming a guitar. Alex, another senior, hands out beers to Sean and Allyson.
13) 1) dialog: I mean, I understand why the guys do it but the girls? It is total depravity. THE DOOR THAT SEAN IS LEANING ON OPENS, and a sexy girl comes out of the bedroom, wiping her mouth. Sean lets her pass, and she looks at him, smiling seductively. A moment later a guy comes out, buttoning his pants.
13) 2) dialog: (pointing) You should ask Ryan and Aaron. They got out.
13) 4) dialog: (serious) I guess. I mean, I don’t know what else you would call it. Don’t you have to kill yourself to be in a cult? 11/4/05 19.
13) 6) dialog: It’s pathetic, I know. Sean looks around at all the sex and drinking going on at this party.
13) 8) dialog: (defensive) It just is. See, we invite them every week and they never show. Obviously they think they’re better than us. Allyson notices something across the room.
13) 9) dialog: Oh my god! They put in a pole? That is so cool. Allyson goes towards the stripper pole someone has installed in the rec room. ALLYSON (CONT’D) I wanna turn! Sean moves through the party, heading for the kitchen where he last saw Ryan. Two guys play Playstation in one room, while a girl gives another guy a lap dance, a blank stare on her face. Sean walks by TWO TANK-TOP GIRLS going to the bathroom wearing almost identical tank-tops.
26) 0) text: Robert finds a seat in the classroom. Allyson suddenly leans over him, her hair and her breasts very much in his personal space. 44 11/4/05 41.
26) 1) dialog: Hey, Robert.
26) 3) dialog: Why aren’t you Rob? Or Robbie?
26) 5) dialog: So this Saturday we’re having a party. To celebrate...well I guess, the weekend.
26) 7) dialog: Yeah. I know. But you could come, right? I mean, if you wanted to.
26) 9) dialog: You sure? Cause we have killer parties. Robert opens his book, not responding right away.
36) 4) dialog: (in her bitchiest tone) What’s wrong girls? Did someone forget to feed the lesbian? A gay girl with a buzz cut and another gay girl with tattoos on her neck laugh.
36) 5) dialog: See, even the lesbians don’t want you.
36) 7) dialog: You’re like completely perverted.
36) 9) dialog: (barely able to breathe) And yet, you’re the ones who are still skanks. The SCIENCE TEACHER has walked in.