1) 0) text: MUSIC: Gary Glitter sings his raunchy “Do You Wanna Touch Me” Late Summer in Chagrin Falls, Ohio about forty minutes south of Cleveland. WENDY BERGMAN (senior, 17, beautiful but not ready to accept it) walks through the “Coop” private school grounds; she leads us under banners that say “WELCOME NEW CLASS” and “DON’T DIS THE ORIENTATION -- HAVE FUN AND WELCOME!” It all feels like it could be the Summer of Love except for the girls are wearing Seven jeans and the guys are wearing vintage and everyone’s hair is done, even the ‘alternative’ kids. Wendy passes by as a group of fifty students does a ‘lap sit’ -- they stand in a circle and then sit down at the same time. Eventually they fall amid general hysterical laughter. If Wendy wasn’t rolling her eyes before, she certainly is now. ACROSS THE QUAD we meet BILLIE (17, short blond hair and vintage clothes, hottest girl in school according to current web polls). She is walking towards Wendy; she is blond to Wendy’s brunette, intelligent enthusiasm to Wendy’s brilliant sarcasm. They are a perfect match for each other. A car pulls up quickly between them as they near the parking lot. It squeals to a stop and SEAN MAYER (17, tall with good looks that skew slightly pretty) gets out of the car. The car squeals away. If it looks like the opening of the Breakfast Club, well, all the better. He skulks towards the orientation festivities but he also steals a glance at Wendy. Billie yells out to Wendy:
1) 4) dialog: It’s plastic. Toxic fumes?
6) 8) dialog: So he transferred as a senior?
6) 10) dialog: In third grade people transferred. We’ve had the same people in our classes forever.
6) 17) dialog: Billie!
6) 19) dialog: (the peacekeeper ) If we were normal girls, we’d be fighting over him. Fresh meat.
6) 23) dialog: Yeah. Wendy shuts the door.
10) 0) text: Wendy grabs the three Diet Cokes, frantic, almost dropping them. She runs upstairs. INT. BERGMAN HOUSE: WENDY’S ROOM - NIGHT 21 Billie and Ann are looking out the window at the car; Wendy rushes in and looks over their shoulders to see Sean.
12) 2) dialog: Apparently so.
12) 4) dialog: That poor boy. He has no idea what he’s getting himself into. The girls watch the car pull away, past a Brown Sedan that is gently rocking.
14) 21) dialog: Taking out.
14) 26) dialog: The marble that I stole in fifth grade.
14) 28) dialog: Because I’m going to give it back. Bad karma.
14) 38) dialog: (clearly one of her faves) 11/4/05 24.
14) 40) dialog: I dunno. That Harry Potter kid probably.
14) 49) dialog: I can do whatever I want. It’s my box.
14) 79) dialog: Billie is drama. Nonetheless they re-order, and not without some giggling. Now Robert is with Wendy, Price is with Billie, and Jonah is with Ann. The three couples start making out at various speeds, but each one is fully engaged with whomever they are with. As the camera pulls up and moves over the three couples they each end up on the floor, Robert on top of Wendy, he starts to take off his shirt; Billie straddles Price, his hands go underneath her pants; Ann holds Jonah’s hands down and slowly kisses him, moving down his chest Condoms litter the floor. We hold above them. 30 31 11/4/05 28. EXT. ROBERT’S HOUSE: ENTRANCE - NIGHT 30 Billie and Wendy sit on the front steps of Robert’s house. Wendy has her head in Billie’s lap, and they share a bottle of beer. Billie is looking at Wendy’s hair.
24) 0) text: Billie is sitting by herself waiting for Ann and Wendy. The two Tank-Top Girls sit nearby.
29) 19) dialog: (to Wendy) It takes me twice as long to do your English paper as it does for you to do my physics homework. Why is that?
29) 23) dialog: Who’s Asian? I’m full-blooded Scandinavian. This cracks the girls up.
36) 0) text: As Wendy gets into the room she sees Billie and Ann and sits between them. 11/4/05 60. Billie reaches out and grabs the skin on Wendy’s elbow. It doesn’t really hurt, but it quietly gets Wendy’s attention.
36) 18) dialog: (real worry) What’s going on?
40) 51) dialog: (confused) It doesn’t mean anything. (to Wendy) Right? Wendy can’t speak.
40) 53) dialog: You can’t force her. That’s a rule. 11/4/05 75.
40) 55) dialog: Yeah, we can stop.
40) 70) dialog: Let’s just stop. We’1ll have some food. Or watch a DVD.
40) 77) dialog: What’s she talking about? The guys and Ann look at Wendy. 71 72 11/4/05 77.
40) 78) dialog: Wendy?
44) 0) text: Sean follows Wendy into the school, then throws his arm around her. Across the lounge, Wendy sees Billie and Ann, fighting. Billie grabs Ann’s arm, almost shaking her, she’s furious. Ann pulls away, and walks towards Wendy, who separates from Sean. Wendy and Ann face each other, but instead of talking to Wendy, Ann just stands in front of her, crying. There is a long pause as Wendy and Ann look at each other.
44) 1) dialog: (softly) I hate you. Ann walks past Wendy.
51) 19) dialog: I miss her. 87 88 11/4/05 90.
63) 0) text: The House Party, with the porn, the drinking, the girls making out with other girls. Ann is giving a guy a pole dance with a blank look on her face. We track through the same party, and the Tank-Top Girl #1 from the first party pulls Price into a bedroom. INT. BILLIE’S HOUSE: ROOM - NIGHT 102 Billie has the box open in front of her but we don’t see her face, as she sits on the floor of her room. Laid out on the floor, encircling her, are various mementos. She lays each one out carefully, in some order we are not privy to. She smooths a few pictures, she carefully places a lighter next to an old license plate. As we circle the items, we catch a passing glimpse of Billie, who might be crying.