1) 0) text: MUSIC: Gary Glitter sings his raunchy “Do You Wanna Touch Me” Late Summer in Chagrin Falls, Ohio about forty minutes south of Cleveland. WENDY BERGMAN (senior, 17, beautiful but not ready to accept it) walks through the “Coop” private school grounds; she leads us under banners that say “WELCOME NEW CLASS” and “DON’T DIS THE ORIENTATION -- HAVE FUN AND WELCOME!” It all feels like it could be the Summer of Love except for the girls are wearing Seven jeans and the guys are wearing vintage and everyone’s hair is done, even the ‘alternative’ kids. Wendy passes by as a group of fifty students does a ‘lap sit’ -- they stand in a circle and then sit down at the same time. Eventually they fall amid general hysterical laughter. If Wendy wasn’t rolling her eyes before, she certainly is now. ACROSS THE QUAD we meet BILLIE (17, short blond hair and vintage clothes, hottest girl in school according to current web polls). She is walking towards Wendy; she is blond to Wendy’s brunette, intelligent enthusiasm to Wendy’s brilliant sarcasm. They are a perfect match for each other. A car pulls up quickly between them as they near the parking lot. It squeals to a stop and SEAN MAYER (17, tall with good looks that skew slightly pretty) gets out of the car. The car squeals away. If it looks like the opening of the Breakfast Club, well, all the better. He skulks towards the orientation festivities but he also steals a glance at Wendy. Billie yells out to Wendy:
10) 0) text: Wendy grabs the three Diet Cokes, frantic, almost dropping them. She runs upstairs. INT. BERGMAN HOUSE: WENDY’S ROOM - NIGHT 21 Billie and Ann are looking out the window at the car; Wendy rushes in and looks over their shoulders to see Sean.
20) 5) dialog: (out the window) You rang?
22) 0) text: Wendy, Price and Robert find Billie eating a big bag of Doritos. Billie sits opposite Ryan and Aaron in the lounge, a wordless face-off. A small crowd is gathering, though they try to be casual. Ryan isn’t saying anything, she’s trying to focus on Aaron. And she looks like she might cry.
23) 0) text: Bill is lying in bed, eyes open, not sleeping but not getting up, he’s in his work clothes. We hear the sound of peeing, and then Helen comes to the bathroom sink 11/4/05 37.
23) 1) dialog: Sean’s at school?
23) 3) dialog: That girl came over for him?
23) 5) dialog: Really?
23) 7) dialog: What do we do? Helen looks at him, touched.
23) 9) dialog: What?
23) 11) dialog: It’s always “we,” dummy. Bill takes Helen in his arms and holds her for a moment.
23) 13) dialog: What are you sorry for? Helen shrugs.
23) 15) dialog: You’re right. She watches him leave, he dashes back in and gives her a quick peck on the forehead.
23) 16) dialog: Tonight? wWe’1ll talk. Helen nods.
24) 0) text: Billie is sitting by herself waiting for Ann and Wendy. The two Tank-Top Girls sit nearby.
33) 0) text: Sun rises over the two houses. INT. MAYER HOUSE: SEAN’S ROOM - DAWN 59 Bill, dressed for work stands in the doorway of Sean’s room.
33) 2) dialog: Shhh.
33) 4) dialog: I wanted to see Sean before I went to work. Inside Sean’s room we see Wendy is hiding next to the bed. Bill looks at Helen, a little mournful. INTERCUT WENDY LISTENING TO BILL/HELEN.
33) 6) dialog: I didn’t say anything.
33) 8) dialog: What?
33) 10) dialog: I can’t help it.
33) 12) dialog: I’m not arguing.
33) 14) dialog: Yeah -- so that makes it okay, a BMW?
33) 16) dialog: Please stop saying that.
33) 18) dialog: That’s fine. Just don’t say we’re trading a BMw for a baby.
33) 20) dialog: It’s just, if things were different--
36) 0) text: As Wendy gets into the room she sees Billie and Ann and sits between them. 11/4/05 60. Billie reaches out and grabs the skin on Wendy’s elbow. It doesn’t really hurt, but it quietly gets Wendy’s attention.
44) 0) text: Sean follows Wendy into the school, then throws his arm around her. Across the lounge, Wendy sees Billie and Ann, fighting. Billie grabs Ann’s arm, almost shaking her, she’s furious. Ann pulls away, and walks towards Wendy, who separates from Sean. Wendy and Ann face each other, but instead of talking to Wendy, Ann just stands in front of her, crying. There is a long pause as Wendy and Ann look at each other.
46) 0) text: Nathan is standing at the back door, holding a Cruset pan that is steaming. Pulling back a little we can see Bill is looking down at him, a strange and confused look on his face.
46) 2) dialog: Ummm. 11/4/05 83.
46) 4) dialog: This isn’t a good-- (of the dish) What is that?
46) 6) dialog: Listen, Nathan? wWe’re kind of in the middle of something here so if you could uh... I guess leave that here? Ora message.
46) 8) dialog: I have to get back inside. He reaches for the pan, and Nathan reluctantly gives it up. Bill is almost inside.
46) 10) dialog: Excuse me?
46) 12) dialog: (dismissive) Yeah.
47) 0) text: Bill kicks the door shut hard and then sees that HELEN HAS BEEN STANDING THERE THE WHOLE TIME. 80 11/4/05 84.
47) 1) dialog: An overgrown hobbit just delivered a salmon to our door.
47) 3) dialog: What?
47) 5) dialog: we’re in the middle of you hating me. So I’m sorry if our marriage took precedence over Iron Chef.
47) 7) dialog: (whining) He’s fourteen years old!
47) 9) dialog: Where are you going?
48) 0) text: Helen turns and Nathan is right there, still in her backyard, waiting for her. He has been listening to Helen and Bill fight.
53) 0) text: Wendy gets to her locker, then realizes that Billie is standing nearby. Wendy doesn’t look at her right away.
58) 0) text: No sound. Billie and Wendy walk toward the school, Wendy is looking ahead of her, Billie is looking at Wendy. At first we see them close up and then we are inside the school, watching them as they walk towards the front glass doors, and when they finally get there, and they open them, we hear the chatter and background of the school again.
59) 0) text: Billie and Wendy stand in front of Ryan, Aaron and Sean. The milling stops. Everyone stares. There’s a long incredibly uncomfortable pause.
63) 0) text: The House Party, with the porn, the drinking, the girls making out with other girls. Ann is giving a guy a pole dance with a blank look on her face. We track through the same party, and the Tank-Top Girl #1 from the first party pulls Price into a bedroom. INT. BILLIE’S HOUSE: ROOM - NIGHT 102 Billie has the box open in front of her but we don’t see her face, as she sits on the floor of her room. Laid out on the floor, encircling her, are various mementos. She lays each one out carefully, in some order we are not privy to. She smooths a few pictures, she carefully places a lighter next to an old license plate. As we circle the items, we catch a passing glimpse of Billie, who might be crying.