3) 27) dialog: Can we go home already? Wendy dumps out the ethanol and leaf, and walks away from Sean, who quickly follows her.
4) 0) text: Wendy’s car pulls into a driveway, on the left, a large Tudor house, on the right, a similarly sized brick home with a much less well-tended yard. INT. WENDY’S CAR - DAY Sean sits in the passenger seat, Nathan’s in the backseat.
4) 5) dialog: Have you read “The Watchmen”?
4) 8) dialog: So you read it? Because I have all of them. If you wanna, you know, read them or whatever.
4) 13) dialog: (super eager) Or you could come over to our house tomorrow? You can read them then.
4) 15) dialog: You have the keys! Wendy sighs and gets out of the car.
4) 17) dialog: Why not? Wendy doesn’t answer. FADE TO BLACK. LEGEND: This Is Saturday 10 14 12 13 11/4/05 10. INT. JONAH’S HOUSE: ROOM - DAY 7 Zippy, happy pop music plays as we see our group get ready for Saturday night in their own homes on a Saturday afternoon. Jonah fixes his hair, takes a long pull on a bong, refixes his hair and then puts on a Cleveland Indians baseball hat. INT. ANN’S HOUSE: ROOM - DAY 8 Ann sits on her bed, which is surrounded by posters that have inspirational sayings, like “Hang In There, Baby,” and “God Will Provide, But It Helps To Study”. Ann brushes her hair, tries out pigtails, then a ponytail, then scrunches it around so it covers her face. INT. PRICE’S HOUSE: ROOM - DAY 9 Price reads a copy of RAYGUN while he is lifting weights. INT. BILLIE’S HOUSE: ROOM - DAY 10 Billie applies lip liner, fills it in and then blots. She does it again. And again. INT. ROBERT’S HOUSE: BATHROOM - DAY 11 Robert showers, singing loudly along to the pop song we hear. INT. BERGMAN HOUSE: WENDY’S BATHROOM - DAY 12 And finally Wendy, who is in her bathroom, sitting in the tub though there is no water in it, as she absentmindedly drums her fingers. INT. BERGMAN HOUSE: NATHAN’S ROOM - EVENING 13 Nathan sits poised in his room, when the doorbell rings and he springs to life and runs out 14 15 11/4/05 11.
5) 0) text: Nathan sprints down the stairs and runs to answer it. Downstairs, Sean is waiting for Nathan.
5) 2) dialog: Hi! (trying to be cool) Hey.
5) 4) dialog: Great. Cool.
5) 6) dialog: We’re neighbors.
6) 0) text: Nathan has carefully prepared a tray of food, which is waiting for them. A pause.
6) 2) dialog: Oh I made it.
6) 4) dialog: Yeah, I mean, I don’t get many guys, I mean people, you know...
6) 6) dialog: No... I mean, I like to cook, so it isn’t like. I mean, like I didn’t plan everything, it’s not a trap. Here. Look, see these, these are really easy to make - - Nathan grabs a cookie off the tray and hands it to Sean but as he does, he trips on his own feet, he tumbles towards Sean and his hand ENDS UP ON SEAN’S CROTCH. There is a moment where Nathan doesn’t know what to do. His hand actually stays there he’s so confused. Sean moves away and Nathan stands up and does what anyone would do; he runs out. Sean goes after him. INT. BERGMAN’S HOUSE: WENDY’S ROOM - NIGHT 16 The girls are hanging out, talking about Sean.
17) 5) dialog: (opening the refrigerator) Nobody ate the coffee cake I made?
17) 8) dialog: I gotta get my bag. Nathan leaves Abby and Wendy alone for a moment. A pause. ensemble.
18) 0) text: Wendy and Nathan get into Wendy’s car; she sits for a moment, staring at the Mayer house.
18) 1) dialog: (mocking Wendy a little) Can we go?
18) 3) dialog: Where?
18) 5) dialog: Shut up. He’1l think I’m gay.
18) 7) dialog: I’m not gay.
18) 9) dialog: I care. I completely care.
18) 11) dialog: No.
18) 13) dialog: (lamest comeback ever) You be a little gay. Wendy reaches over and opens the passenger door
19) 0) text: Nathan rings the bell and waits, backing up a little. From the side of the house, a stream of water, followed by HELEN MAYER, 40, sexy even in her sweats, she holds the garden hose in front of her, watering everything she sees, turning most of it to mud.
19) 2) dialog: (whispers) Yeah. Uhh. I’m your next-door Nathan. Helen puts down the hose and walks over, her hand extended. Nathan shakes it, staring at his hand touching hers.
19) 4) dialog: Your next-door neighbor, Nathan.
19) 6) dialog: Okay. Nathan backs up and heads back to the car. INT. WENDY’S CAR - MORNING 36
19) 8) dialog: I forgot. She stopped me, and... He’s dejected. Wendy rolls her eyes, goes out to Helen as Nathan watches.
21) 0) text: The car pulls into the school parking lot. Nathan gets out of the car and heads inside but Sean doesn’t move. Wendy is about to say something when she sees Robert and Jonah pulling up and she panics.
27) 0) text: Nathan watches Helen change. He looks down and sees that there is no car in the driveway. 45 46 11/4/05 42.
28) 0) text: ‘Off The Wall’ by Michael Jackson blares. Helen dances around. The front doorbell rings. Helen answers it: it is Nathan with comic books.
28) 1) dialog: Hi!
28) 3) dialog: Is Sean here?
28) 5) dialog: Oh. (a long pause) He lent me these. There’s a pause as Helen waits for him to say something more. NATHAN (CONT’D) You need any help unpacking?
29) 0) text: Michael Jackson is still singing. Nathan is cooking at the stove, Helen is unpacking boxes as Nathan cooks, keeping one eye on the strange young man.
29) 1) dialog: Do you have a strainer?
29) 3) dialog: (about the music) Is this Michael Jackson?
29) 5) dialog: (bristles) I knew it was Michael Jackson. There’s a pause. NATHAN (CONT’D) So, do you get to stay home all day?
29) 7) dialog: You didn’t go to work today?
29) 9) dialog: What does your, I mean Sean’s father, you know...
29) 11) dialog: No, I guess not. They smile at each other. He pours the chocolate sauce onto the cake, let’s it harden and then starts to garnish. It is a beautiful pastry.
29) 13) dialog: It would be better if you had fresh hazelnut. And powdered sugar. But it’s still really good. Helen is eating, Nathan doesn’t try it.
29) 15) dialog: At home. At first I could only make steak, rice and green beans. Not that my mom or sister even notice. But I taught myself a lot of stuff. Pastries, and fresh bread, those are easy. I’m working on a glazed salmon with risotto. Did you know you have to drive 90 minutes to get frisee lettuce? Helen tries not to choke with laughter but Nathan doesn’t see her, since he is still cooking.
29) 17) dialog: (already formulating a plan) Really? Helen smiles.
39) 0) text: Wendy’s car pulls into the driveway. Nathan notices Helen is sleeping on the front steps, the phone in her hands. Wendy looks as well. Nathan opens the door
39) 1) dialog: I’1l be right back.
39) 3) dialog: What if she’s hurt? Wendy has no answer to that, so she lets Nathan go to the house then after a beat she follows him.
40) 0) text: Wendy and Nathan slowly approach the front steps.
40) 1) dialog: Ummm. There is a small twitch from Helen, so he tries again. NATHAN (CONT’D) Ummmm. Hi. Helen opens her eyes, looking at Nathan; her hair is stuck to the side of her face. Nathan is, as always overwhelmed by her beauty. Wendy is more shocked.
40) 3) dialog: You’re locked out, huh?
40) 21) dialog: I remember this place. We got our vaccinations near here.
40) 23) dialog: What?
40) 25) dialog: I think I might have farted in gym yesterday.
40) 27) dialog: Well we were running laps. And there was a noise. And I think it was my shoes. But then Andy says, “Whew, stop with the beans, Bergman.” And then nobody would run behind me. And running is the only thing I can do in gym other than wrestle. But it probably wasn’t me -- I mean gym is pretty smelly already, you know?
40) 29) dialog: (picking up Wendy’s comment from before) But when do you see people when they aren’t alone?
40) 31) dialog: Before, you said it sucked watching someone be alone. Like you never see that. When do you watch people and they aren’t alone?
40) 33) dialog: I guess.
40) 35) dialog: (dubious) Okay.
40) 37) dialog: No.
40) 39) dialog: I don’t think that’s what it means.
40) 41) dialog: Alone. I don’t think that’s the definition of alone. Wendy looks at Nathan and laughs.
40) 43) dialog: (proudly) I know. Wendy smiles at him and then resumes looking out the window at the building. Nathan starts to say something to Wendy. NATHAN (CONT’D) I go to school with you, you know.
40) 45) dialog: So I know-- Wendy sits up.
42) 0) text: A Monday morning -- seen from above: Sean, Wendy and Nathan get into Wendy’s car and drive away. Helen comes out of the house and looks around, Abby is getting in her car and gives Helen a wave. Helen is left all alone.
46) 0) text: Nathan is standing at the back door, holding a Cruset pan that is steaming. Pulling back a little we can see Bill is looking down at him, a strange and confused look on his face.
46) 1) dialog: Is Helen here?
46) 3) dialog: (persistent) Can you tell her Nathan is here?
46) 5) dialog: Glazed salmon and a risotto. I promised when I got it right, she could have it sO... Bill is seeing that the kid is smitten.
46) 7) dialog: Maybe you could just tell her--
46) 9) dialog: (after a beat) You’re welcome.
46) 11) dialog: You’re welcome. For the salmon.
48) 0) text: Helen turns and Nathan is right there, still in her backyard, waiting for her. He has been listening to Helen and Bill fight.
48) 2) dialog: Me, too. 81 82 11/4/05 85.
48) 4) dialog: I’m sorry you’re married to him. Helen laughs and then Nathan joins in. Her laughter dies down and so does his -- were their ages closer together or this a different world, they would kiss now. But instead. NATHAN (CONT’D) I should go inside. I’m glad you’re feeling better. Helen is silent, overwhelmed by Nathan’s grace and maturity; even Nathan is a little overwhelmed by the moment. He walks in his own back door Helen turns to go back into her own house. INT. BERGMAN HOUSE: WENDY’S ROOM - NIGHT 81 Wendy stands in the middle of her room holding a phone in her hand. She starts to dial and then puts the phone down. She tries again, but then stops. She puts the phone away and sits on her bed, opening a book. She lies on her stomach, then on her back, then she kicks off her shoes, she scooches around on her bed. She closes the book, then opens it up again, but doesn’t read. Then she just sits there. Alone. And doesn’t know what to do. She stands and we follow her to Nathan’s room, but his door is locked. Wendy stands, alone, in the hallway. She looks lost in her own home -- which of course she is. Wendy hears something downstairs.
64) 0) text: Wendy sits on the kitchen counter watching Nathan cook She is holding a wooden spoon and Nathan hands her a mixing bowl, so Wendy mixes. She kicks her legs absently against the wooden cabinet and then kicks her shoes off. The camera pulls back, leaving the room, so we see Wendy framed in the doorway, Nathan walks out and it is just Wendy alone and happy, a dopey half smile on her face, as the credits start to roll.