13) 0) text: Music continues. LOOKING AROUND THE ROOM, we see that everyone is treated to television sets running non-stop porn. Everyone drinks. Bong hits in the corner. In the background, girls disappear with guys into a variety of rooms. Basically, an average teen party. Sean stands with Allyson. RYAN (a girl, also a senior) is sitting on a kitchen counter nearby but out of earshot, with her boyfriend, AARON who is strumming a guitar. Alex, another senior, hands out beers to Sean and Allyson.
14) 0) text: Later on, Sean holds two beers as Ryan fixes her shoe, shaking a pebble out of it. She stumbles a little, then gets the shoe back on.
14) 1) dialog: I’m not used to these. Aaron likes them.
14) 3) dialog: Don’t. Really.
14) 5) dialog: Yeah. There’s a pause as Ryan and Sean watch a bunch of girls playing spin the bottle for a group of very rowdy guys. RYAN (CONT’D) Look, we just had an... arrangement, the eight of us. And when Aaron and I didn’t want to be with them anymore, we stopped. It’s not like I had to be de-programmed. Everyone wants it to be this big deal.
14) 7) dialog: No!
14) 9) dialog: No. I mean, you might be able to talk to her, and maybe hang out at school. You should join Student Council. we’re, I mean they’re all on it. I’m not anymore.
14) 11) dialog: Yeah. What, you figured we hung out and smoked crack?
14) 13) dialog: Amnesty, and Model Congress and the Green Party. Last year we worked on two local campaigns. Sean looks shocked. RYAN (CONT’D) (kind of annoyed) Yeah, good students who have sex. It happens. They watch another group of girls kiss in the spin the bottle game and then get doused with beer. RYAN (CONT’D) I gotta find Aaron. She leaves Sean alone. He sees the SEXY GIRL WHO CAME OUT OF THE ROOM. She smiles at him and reaches out. He smiles shyly but lets her lead him back inside to a bedroom. As they enter, Tank-Top Girls look on.
22) 0) text: Wendy, Price and Robert find Billie eating a big bag of Doritos. Billie sits opposite Ryan and Aaron in the lounge, a wordless face-off. A small crowd is gathering, though they try to be casual. Ryan isn’t saying anything, she’s trying to focus on Aaron. And she looks like she might cry.
45) 0) text: Wendy stands in the bathroom, trying to catch her breath and calm down. She looks in the mirror, pushes her hair forward so she can hide behind it. She gives herself a moment and then turns to go but standing in her way is Ryan.
45) 2) dialog: You left.
45) 4) dialog: You left. So now’s not the time to push people away. 11/4/05 81.
45) 6) dialog: You’re lucky. With me, Aaron was all I had once I left. But you have me, Aaron AND Sean.
45) 8) dialog: I knew you would leave.
45) 10) dialog: You just sound ridiculous when you swear. You always did. Wendy laughs, relaxing a little. RYAN (CONT’D) You’re here. You’re out.
45) 12) dialog: Aaron likes them.
45) 14) dialog: I like doing nice things for him.
45) 16) dialog: _.._ (lying) Billie. I wanted my afternoons free.
45) 18) dialog: You know how he hated waiting around for us every afternoon?
45) 20) dialog: Sean’s great.
45) 22) dialog: Come out with us.
45) 24) dialog: Come on. It’1l be fun. Wendy pushes past Ryan, and goes back out into the school. Sean is waiting for her, and they walk off, arm in arm.
57) 0) text: School is over, and everyone mills around, grabbing books, screaming at each other. It’s chaos. The doors are open, it’s a warm fall afternoon and students have started throwing/chucking buckeyes (like large acorns) at each other. Sean and Wendy walk with Ryan and Aaron as they get their things from their lockers.
57) 10) dialog: That is insane. Wendy doesn’t say anything, and Sean goes back to his locker. Wendy waits a moment and then walks away.
57) 14) dialog: She’s fine.
59) 0) text: Billie and Wendy stand in front of Ryan, Aaron and Sean. The milling stops. Everyone stares. There’s a long incredibly uncomfortable pause.
59) 3) dialog: You’re disturbing us. Billie.
59) 11) dialog: Shut up. Shut up you bitches. You can’t stop me. I don’t care what you say. (her ace) Aaron knows everything. Ryan is looking at Wendy, imploring her. RYAN (CONT’D) (to Wendy) Don’t.
59) 19) dialog: That wasn’t me. Wendy is looking at Billie. Everyone is looking at them.