1) 0) text: MUSIC: Gary Glitter sings his raunchy “Do You Wanna Touch Me” Late Summer in Chagrin Falls, Ohio about forty minutes south of Cleveland. WENDY BERGMAN (senior, 17, beautiful but not ready to accept it) walks through the “Coop” private school grounds; she leads us under banners that say “WELCOME NEW CLASS” and “DON’T DIS THE ORIENTATION -- HAVE FUN AND WELCOME!” It all feels like it could be the Summer of Love except for the girls are wearing Seven jeans and the guys are wearing vintage and everyone’s hair is done, even the ‘alternative’ kids. Wendy passes by as a group of fifty students does a ‘lap sit’ -- they stand in a circle and then sit down at the same time. Eventually they fall amid general hysterical laughter. If Wendy wasn’t rolling her eyes before, she certainly is now. ACROSS THE QUAD we meet BILLIE (17, short blond hair and vintage clothes, hottest girl in school according to current web polls). She is walking towards Wendy; she is blond to Wendy’s brunette, intelligent enthusiasm to Wendy’s brilliant sarcasm. They are a perfect match for each other. A car pulls up quickly between them as they near the parking lot. It squeals to a stop and SEAN MAYER (17, tall with good looks that skew slightly pretty) gets out of the car. The car squeals away. If it looks like the opening of the Breakfast Club, well, all the better. He skulks towards the orientation festivities but he also steals a glance at Wendy. Billie yells out to Wendy:
1) 18) dialog: Kiss. Kiss. Kiss! Wendy and Billie roll their eyes.
25) 0) text: Sean sits in a bay -- the students, including Wendy and Jonah are seated around large tables arranged in a circle. As a STUDENT speaks, Wendy scrunches down in her chair and watches Sean carefully, over the top of her book.
25) 1) dialog: I think what Aristotle is saying is that man, well people, you know, like man and woman, well they’re in a battle that can’t be won. But they have to fight, cause, you know, they have this nature this whaddya call it? Nature? Likea Sicilian. 43 11/4/05 40. There’s a pause as the class digests this insight. Wendy raises her eyes to Sean, seeing what he’1ll do -- Sean raises his hand. The PHILOSOPHY TEACHER gestures at him to lower his hand.
34) 0) text: It is between classes, students chat in the hallways girls hold hands with other girls, guys wrestle each other. It all seems chaotic, but no more so than any other school. Wendy is near the lounge area when Sean jogs up and starts walking next to her
57) 0) text: School is over, and everyone mills around, grabbing books, screaming at each other. It’s chaos. The doors are open, it’s a warm fall afternoon and students have started throwing/chucking buckeyes (like large acorns) at each other. Sean and Wendy walk with Ryan and Aaron as they get their things from their lockers.