38) 10) dialog: 
40) 9) dialog: (Italian accent...) Is okay.
41) 1) dialog: Paolo? She follows him out of the doorway. 43.
41) 2) dialog: You are travel for the...fine settimana?
41) 4) dialog: Da soli? ("By yourself?”)
41) 6) dialog: You want see Italia while you here?
42) 0) text: Where Paul stares out the window, watching the DUOMO slid past before they cross the Arno River towards the vineyar encrusted hills of Tuscany. Alessandra sits in the co-pilot seat, talking animatedly above the engine noise with her brother MANU. Paul snaps some pictures. Click. Click.... And on the final picture...
43) 0) text: CANON FIRE, as TEN HORSES AND RIDERS, resplendent in a dazzling array of silks and colors, launch over a startin rope and begin racing around the square, which is filled with THOUSANDS OF SCREAMING SPECTATORS. Paul and Alessandra stand on a balcony overlooking the square, along with the rest of her obviously well-off FAMILY. The horses round a very sharp turn and thunder almost beneath the balcony.
43) 2) dialog: They have race this race since sixteen hundred fifty-six. Two every year. One horse represent one, eh, neighborhood of Siena. My family live Chiocciola, the Snail. We have second most win, but Oca, the Goose have win the most times. The horses circle the square and head for them again. One of the jockeys shoves a competitor off his horse.
43) 4) dialog: Orgoglio.
43) 8) dialog: Qui vengono!. ("Here they come!”) As the horses appear once more and churn towards the finish line. Taking the sharp turn, one of the horses stumbles, tossing the jockey into the crowd which ROARS.. The rest of the horses cross the finish line and the family erupts into CHEERS!
44) 0) text: Weeks of practice later, Paul and Alessandra sing the due together...
44) 1) dialog: A! To sol commandi, amor! A! To sol commandi, amor! ("Ah! Love, you rule (“Ah! Love, you rule alone!”) alone!”) Fremon nell' anima, Oh! Come dolci scendono, ("Already I state in ("How sweet his spirit,”) praises,”) Le dolcezze estreme, Le sue lusinghe al core... ("the heights of (“enter my heart”) tenderness!”) Tu sol comandi amore! Nel bacio freme amor! ("Love, you alone ("Love trembles at our rule!) kiss!") An orchestra joins the soundtrack, supplanting the piano as the duet continues over the following MONTAGE:
45) 0) text: Where Paul and Alessandra are on-stage with a director, who has Paul put his arm around Alessandra. Both are uncomfortable until Paul makes a face and she laughs.
46) 0) text: Where Paul and Alessandra sing in each others arms. The Asst. Conductor stops them, pushes them apart and has the hold hands.
48) 0) text: Where Paul and Alessandra sit together, surrounded by other students but oblivious to all others as they discus a part of the libretto. 46. Unconsciously, she leans an arm on his shoulder as they argue over the same passage. The gesture is lost on Paul, but Gerhardt notices.
49) 0) text: As Paul and Alessandra sing while holding hands, Signore Fiorentino places her hands on the small of their backs and pushes them together.
50) 0) text: Alessandra is venting her frustration with all of the bac and-forth...
50) 1) dialog: Apart. Together. Hold hand. No hold hands. What it matters so much?
50) 3) dialog: “Sod them?”
50) 5) dialog: I don’ know.
51) 0) text: The final performance... On stage, Paul and Alessandra perform the duet in costume with props and light makeup.
51) 2) dialog: Obbedisco, signore! ("Your servant, sir.”) 47. The fatal moment comes and Paul takes charge, grabbing he roughly around the waist and pulling her to him.
51) 4) dialog: Io t'amo! ("I love you.”)
51) 5) dialog: Amore! Amor! Amor! Amore! Amor! Amor! (Behold! My love! My love!)
52) 1) dialog: Questo 6 stato incredible! ("That was incredible!”)
52) 3) dialog: Di tutto il mondo! (“Of the whole world!”) Allesandra leans in and kisses him. He’s stunned as she pulls away, a new expression on her face before she kisse him again, deeply. His eyes close for a brief moment, before he pulls away.
52) 4) dialog: You are okay?
52) 6) dialog: What is wrong?
52) 10) dialog: You have a friend-girl at home?
52) 14) dialog: There is a difference.
52) 16) dialog: Signore Fiorentino was right. You have a very pure heart. She kisses him firmly on the mouth then smiles at him. Sh turns quickly away and speed dials her cell phone as she walks down the square towards the Basilica.
52) 17) dialog: Ciao, Papa. He watches for a moment, then walks the other way. Dials his own phone.
55) 0) text: Arguably the 20th century’s greatest tenor sitting in the first row, dabbing his upper lip with a scented handkerchief while listening to Alessandra sing an aria. Paul watches from the wings as her final note diminishes, applauding along with the audience. Pavarotti is on his feet, eyes devouring Alessandra as he claps. She feels hi ardor and smiles shyly. He beckons her to sit beside him as the Asst. Conductor brings him a teacup of hot water.