3) 1) dialog: There he is! Get ‘im! Paul runs as a flock of screaming YOUNG BOYS crosses the road, hot on his heels... Their screams blend into the continuing choral medley as we return to... INT. ST. CATHERINE’S CHURCH - DAY Where the same Welsh choir-faces, several years older now continue the song with undiminished fervor over--
8) 0) text: Where Paul lies on the ground, mouth bleeding, bullies standing over him, laughing. MATTHEW, the toughest of the lot, leans forward and allows a stream of spit to dribble onto Paul’s cheek where it mixes with the blood from his ruined mouth.
16) 26) dialog: The service on this phone is total crap!
16) 29) dialog: (threatening) It’s under warranty.
16) 31) dialog: How ‘bout you gimme a phone that works properly and I won’t cram this one down your throat. Yeh? Braddon glances at the cel phone Paul left on the counter then at the curtains at the back of the store.
25) 28) dialog: Well, if it isn’t everyone’s favorite circus freak. Hallo Potsy. He and another HOOLIGAN stand over Paul.
25) 30) dialog: What’ve we got here then? He snatches the envelope from Paul’s hand. Paul lunges fo it, but Matthew sidesteps and Paul’s face hits the curb.
25) 31) dialog: Bloody hell, have a look at this.
25) 34) dialog: You’re gonna pay for that. He puts the check in his pocket and is about to lay into Paul when suddenly Braddon leaps onto his back, letting out a war cry--
25) 49) dialog: (whispered) I’m gonna get you for this.
68) 7) dialog: Paul and I went to school together. Felicitations an’ all that.
68) 9) dialog: Maybe you'll sing us a pretty song as well? The others laugh hysterically. 63.
125) 0) text: The grimy after-work men watch silently as Paul sings on each of the several televisions. As he begins the final high note, the men erupt into laughter, clapping Roland on the back as tears run down his face. Matthew watches, hating Paul all over again because he’s brave enough to be different. The First Drunk from the beginning leans over to Roland.
125) 2) dialog: What kind of poof sings opera? Roland turns to face him.
125) 3) dialog: Not exactly a chip off the old block, is he?
125) 5) dialog: What?
125) 7) dialog: Um, well, we were only kids. Roland snarls and levels Matthew with haymaker. Matthew goes down, out cold.