39) 0) text: Eerie quiet. Tommy and Gibson sit in the structure, UNSEEN, listening. COMMANDER BOLTON checks progress on board the hospital sh
39) 1) dialog: How long, Lieutenant?
39) 3) dialog: Colonel, you're going to have to decide how many more wounded to evacuate... one stretcher takes the space of seven standing men. Colonel Winnant takes this in. Tommy crouches lower as he sees a LAUNCH approach... A HIGH RANKING OFFICER is helped up the ladder onto the m COMMANDER BOLTON (salutes) (CONT'D) Rear Admiral.
39) 9) dialog: Why?
39) 11) dialog: How long does London expect the army to hold out before we make terms? The Rear Admiral looks sharply at the idea.
39) 14) dialog: Christ, you can almost see it from here...
39) 16) dialog: Home. (turns to the town) What about the French?
39) 24) dialog: There are 400 thousand men on this beach, sir. Down below, Tommy takes this in. Every man for himself.
39) 26) dialog: Right, this mole stays open at all costs. Bolton points at the FUNNEL and MASTS of SUNKEN SHIPS-
39) 27) dialog: We're in range of artillery from the west- anything else sinks out here the mole's blocked and we're stuffed.
39) 30) dialog: Impossible. The Rear Admiral looks at the lines of men on the beaches
39) 32) dialog: Anything drafting more than three feet can't get near. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
39) 35) dialog: We don't have enough small boats to ferry men out to the destroyers. The Rear Admiral nods.
45) 4) dialog: 
45) 7) dialog: Cut her loose, and push her off! We can't let her sink at the mole! The men cast her off and PUSH her off- Crew members and orderlies LEAP from the deck into the wa The bow of the BLAZING, SINKING ship drifts away from the mole... Tommy and Gibson pull soldiers up onto the beams of the mole... As the bow comes around, the stern SCRAPES along the wood pilings, SPLINTERING them in its path- A FLAILING SOLDIER is in its path, trying to swim free- The STEEL HULK is about to CRUSH HIM- Tommy GRABS him by the shoulders and YANKS with all his m pulling him clear just as the hull GRINDS against the woo Tommy looks down on the breathless, wet soldier. The wet Soldier focuses on Tommy. THIS IS ALEX. He nods thanks. Tommy nods back. (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: Commander Bolton looks over at the wet soldiers clinging the understructure of the mole.
51) 1) dialog: Right, Highlanders. Let's find you another ship. The wet soldiers pull themselves to their feet... Tommy, watched by Alex, SLIPS into the water, then pulls himself out, dripping. Gibson follows suit. Alex LAUGHS a them... then helps them push into the group... They follow the wet soldiers up onto the mole, where Bolt men shepherd them onto a LAUNCH.
101) 2) dialog: There'll be one soon.
101) 4) dialog: After yesterday's losses, it's one ship on the mole at a time.
101) 6) dialog: The next battle. The one for Britain. Same with the planes.
101) 10) dialog: Seeing home doesn't help us get there, Captain. Colonel Winnant turns to the flaming town at their backs.
101) 12) dialog: They've activated the small vessels pool-
101) 14) dialog: The list of civilian boats for requisition-
101) 16) dialog: Small boats could load from the beach. Colonel Winnant watches men struggling to load in the sur
101) 18) dialog: I'd rather face waves than dive bombers. Colonel Winnant looks up at the cloudy sky-
101) 21) dialog: We'll know in six hours.
101) 25) dialog: Then it's good that you're army and I'm navy, isn't it? Colonel Winnant allows himself a smile. Commander Bolton spots a shape on the horizon.
101) 26) dialog: Vanquisher...
131) 0) text: The Destroyer BASILISK casts off. Men cover every availab piece of deck. Commander Bolton watches her wake. Colonel Winnant approa
131) 2) dialog: I share your frustration, Colonel. They hear distant SHOTS- Commander Bolton raises his FIELD GLASSES... he sees a bl trawler stuck in the shallows miles down the beach.
131) 3) dialog: Grounded trawler, taking fire. (CONTINUED)
138) 0) text: Through the binoculars Colonel Winnant watches the Blue Trawler pushing out to sea, LOW in the water... Commander Bolton watches a Destroyer, under full steam, heading out to the channel... Where there are SHAPES OF BOATS ON THE HORIZON...
150) 0) text: Commander Bolton STARES at the shapes in the distance... He GRABS the field glasses from Colonel Winnant, puts the to his eyes- BOATS. CIVILIAN BOATS. ALL SHAPES AND SIZES. AN ARMADA. Colonel Winnant PEERS over Commander Bolton's shoulder... (CONTINUED)
150) 5) dialog: (gentle) Home . Colonel Winnant grabs the glasses, confused...
160) 0) text: Commander Bolton watches with satisfaction as a PADDLE ST ties up... he calls up to a STEWARDESS(59)-
160) 1) dialog: Where're you from?
160) 3) dialog: From Deal? (they nod) Mind the current at the mouth, boys. Bolton spots Spitfire 1- it SOARS overhead. He waves-
164) 0) text: Commander Bolton turns to see the STUKA approaching, its distinctive kinked-wing silhouette bearing down like an A BIRD OF PREY... The soldiers stir, some crouching, some closing their eye Commander Bolton takes a knee, BRACING. He bites his lip the STUKA goes into its dive, that TERRIBLE WHINE BUILDIN
166) 0) text: Commander Bolton is mumbling a prayer as he watches the S come at them-
178) 1) dialog: Come on, then, private... The Private looks down at the water to see Commander Bolt standing in a launch full of ARMY OFFICERS. (CONTINUED)
178) 4) dialog: I know we're officers, but it's us or the enemy, so now's not the time to be particular... The Private scrambles down into the launch, where Colonel Winnant stands talking to Commander Bolton. They look out at the vast deserted beach, littered with corpses and abandoned equipment...
178) 6) dialog: And then some. Almost three hundred thousand. So far. Commander Bolton steps back up onto the mole.
178) 8) dialog: I'm staying. (off look) For the French. The Launch pulls away from Commander Bolton on the mole.