2) 6) dialog: Some men?
15) 0) text: Peter and George RUSH things off the boat- then start loa the orange life preservers Mr.Dawson looks up from his ch to see NAVAL OFFICERS AND CREW coming along the harbor, assigning crew members to boats... Peter follows his gaze-
24) 2) dialog: Aren't you waiting for the navy? Mr.Dawson starts the engine. Peter jumps down onto the bo with the bow rope...
24) 7) dialog: France. (CONTINUED)
24) 11) dialog: I'll be useful, sir. Mr.Dawson looks at George. Pushes the throttle forward an they motor out of the harbour into the English Channel...
32) 0) text: Mr.Dawson comes to the back of the well, fits the TILLER, steer from outside. Peter at his side. George, on the bow looks across at several Naval Vessels on the same course. Suddenly he SPOTS a BOMBER overhead-
32) 1) dialog: Mr .Dawson! Mr.Dawson's eyes don't leave his course-
46) 0) text: Mr.Dawson is back at the helm. The Shivering Soldier sits in the well, blanket over his shoulders. Staring at the deck. George watches him, then leans forward-
46) 1) dialog: Come below- it's out of the wind. The Shivering Soldier glances at the companionway. Shakes his head.
46) 2) dialog: Really- it's warmer. George reaches out for the Shivering Soldier's arm- who S it away-
57) 0) text: George hands the Shivering Soldier a steaming mug of tea. The BOOMS start reverberating again. The Shivering Soldier glances up. REALIZES SOMETHING...
59) 0) text: George looks up at the Commander. Addresses him with the tone of a child trying to speak like a grown up...
59) 1) dialog: Is he a coward? Mr.Dawson looks sharply at George.
78) 0) text: George hears planes behind them- he looks up- THREE SPITFIRES IN CONFIDENT FORMATION SWEEP OVERHEAD... Mr.Dawson keeps his eyes on the black smoke ahead of them
78) 2) dialog: You didn't even look.
92) 0) text: George, sprawled out at the foot of the steps, on his bac QUIETLY GROANING, BLEEDING from the back of the head. Pet grabs a life jacket and puts it behind George's head.
97) 0) text: Peter goes down below to check on George. He checks the bleeding on the life jacket behind George's head.
97) 2) dialog: Sea cadet? You and Mr.Dawson? Best thing I ever done. Only thing I ever done. I told my dad I never done nothing at school. I told my dad I'd do something one day. Maybe get in the local paper.
97) 4) dialog: Maybe teachers would see it. Make my school proud.
97) 6) dialog: Please! Please don't laugh at me! Peter looks at George, deciding how to respond.
97) 11) dialog: I can't. I can't see. Peter looks at him. Gets a blanket, puts it across George chest.
149) 0) text: Peter pokes his head down- Sees two oily survivors moving George from the bottom of steps-
181) 0) text: Peter hands the EDITOR a photograph. Of George.