2) 5) text: As Mooney patrols downtown we see the streets alive with cullege students, EXT. INTERSECTION ~— NIGHT 8 Mooney stops at a red light. He turns and watches BOB MC DEVITTs a Cesont Gee strint with stylisn WHITE DESIGNER G cross in front of him. He is carrying a brown paper bag w a couple of six packs of beer in it. As Bob passes Mooney he suspiously tries to hice his parc bl 10
4) 0) text: We follow Bob as he walks to his Ford BRONCO parked in fr of Myers Drug Store. At the Bronco he meets another male student with two co-e
4) 1) dialog: Did you see that? Mooney the jerk staring me down. From his bag, Bob tosses a beer to his pal.
4) 2) dialog: That's all I need to start the Fall semester. Let’*s get going the party's waiting. Bob hops in the front seat and drive off toward the hills outside of town.
8) 0) text: @& huge SHOOTING STAR streaks across the sky above them a lands with a tremendous crash over a hill nearby. 23 EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD — NIGHT 22 Inside the back of the Bronco truck Bob McDevitt pops his head up and puts on his white rimmed designer glasses.
8) 1) dialog: Wow’ Check this out! A pair of female hands come up and pull Bob’s head back d 24 j|.INT. RED PINTO ~ NIGHT 24
34) 3) text: He walks over and notices pink strands hanging from the aerial. He touches them, they are stick» like a spider’s He follows the strands around the truck to the other side looks in but the windows are fogged. He reaches for the handle and slewly opens the driver’s door. The interior is a tangled web of pink cotton candy. Dave is shocked, He leans in and notices something on the seat. He pulls i from the pink mass. He holds them in the light ta inspect them, a pair of EYEGLASSES (Bob McDevitt’s). Suddenly, a naise behind Dave, he whirls around and shine his light. It’s a raccoean rummaging through the garbage. Dave is relieved. Urgently, he returns to the police car. He opens the back door. Mike is worried about police brutality.
45) 0) text: From an alley, twe young girls run screaming. Behind them, bursting from the darkness, a HUGE KLOWN SHA them. They split to the sides as the thing tears out of t Mike and Dave are shocked at this new klown horror. The KLOWN DEMON races across the intersection. It is the BOBO Happy Time ice cream truck, sith no one driving. Close behind race two figures clad in white uniforms. It’s Rich & Paul Terenzi.
58) 0) text: Dave is momentarily startled. He snaps out of it when the BOBO ice cream truck speeds by in pursuit. Dave recognize the vehicle.