21) 0) text: Inside, we move through the station house. We see the disorganized mess of Officer Mooney’s desk. It‘s cluttere with forms and reports. Ur on his wall, a ‘Ronbo® poster. American flag and a givly gun calendar. We move further to another desk which 1s tidy and organiz Above hangs a police scademy diploma and several citation valor. Officer DAVE HANSEN enters and sits at the second desk. D is a twenty six year old police academy graduate. He’s a conscientious young man who works hard and believes in hi Profession. He pours a cup of coffee and settles down to quiet evening of police paper work. WHAM, the front door is kicked open. In come two punkers Officer Mooney right behind them. Bave’s work is interrupted by Mocney’s entrance.
21) 1) dialog: What’s going on Clift?
21) 6) dialog: Whoa Cliff, cool down.
21) 8) dialog: Don‘t start that, he left us both in charge. -
21) 10) dialog: It doesn’t sound like they’ ve done anything serious. He turns to the punkers§
21) 11) dialog: (cont) You gp to Crescent Cove right? Why don't you just stay on campus and do your drinking there? Why do you have come into town?
21) 14) dialog: Cliff, take it easy. They’re just coilege kids.
21) 18) dialog: Just Lighten up.
21) 21) dialog: (threateningly) Loak,; you’ve got this problem about my training. I don’t care. But when you bring samebody into this station I don’t want to see you beating them up. bL ® 48. Revised 4/7/87 -38- Mccney eases up and looks scornfully at Dave. The two pun are quaking in their boots.
21) 22) dialog: {cont )} If your going to book em, do it according to procedure. Or I swear Cliff, you and your badge will be history. There is a stand-ff between the two officers.
22) 0) text: Dave runs to the outside stops and sees: SCREEEECH! Mike's car smashes into a newspaper machine be it stops in front of the police station. Debbie burts from the car and runs to Dave. Mike follows.
22) 2) dialog: Wait, wait, slow down, are you okay? Calm down, tell me what happened. Debbie begins to gain control of herself. Mike stays behi her.
22) 7) dialog: Wait a second here, hold on. What aakes you think they were dead?
22) 10) dialog: €ecoon?
22) 13) dialog: Debbie, come inside and explain this to me. I want to help you but first I have to understand what’s qoing on. Dave leads Debbie then Mike into the station.
23) 0) text: Dave seats Debbie by his desk, Mike stands quietly behind her. Dave sits at his desk -39- 49 =~40~ cave Now slowly, from the beginning.
23) 1) text: Okay, let’s see, we were at top of the world. We saw a shooting * star and we went to find it. Instead we found this circus tent and went inside. That‘s where we saw those people wrapped up in cotton candy cocoons. Dave; it’s not a circus tent it’s something else. Debbie slows down, afraid te reveal the unbelievable aeta
23) 8) dialog: Hold on, they say some people are dead, let’s hear them out.
23) 10) dialog: Cangry) You‘re out of line. I’m handling this. He turns to Debbie. Debbie hesitates for a moment, Debdie feels awkward, as though Dave is prying. Mooney
23) 11) dialog: (cont) Okay, Debbie who’s your friend.
23) 13) dialog: You two were up there at Top of the World. Together. been eyeing Mike. Suddenly it dawns on Mooney.
23) 20) dialog: Okay, you two come with me. Mike and Debbie are relieved. Dave gathers his gear and escorts them out. Mooney watches. As Dave exits, Mooney pokes his head over the counter.
24) 0) text: Dave gets in the front with Debbie, and Mike gets in back The car pulls away. Dave is behind the wheel, fuming.
24) 1) dialog: Okay, we're going up there to check this out. {turns to Debbie) But first I'm taking you home. ~42- 50 Si
24) 3) text: Mike is speechless. Debbie is Sut off by Dave’s order.
24) 7) dialog: No you’re not! Lf there’s any trouble I want you to be safe. Mike is confused by their argument. Why is Debbie acting way to a police man?
24) 10) dialog: (sadly) You’re right. I’m mot your boyfriend anymore, but that doesn’t Change the way I feel about you. 44
24) 12) dialog: You go home or I’11] take you back to the station and lock you up for safe keeping.
24) 15) dialog: Cobligingly) Okay. Mike feeling awkward, gets out and walks Debnie to her do
32) 7) dialog: That’s what I want to know. Where is ait?
32) 9) dialog: (patiently) Se you’re saying that hole is where the tent was. The tent made that hole. Is that wnat you’re telling me?
32) 11) dialog: T’11 tell you what the facts are, you said peaple were being kilied. Wnere are the bodies?
32) 15) dialog: Oh, SO now wou just “think® you saw.
32) 17) dialog: Yeah. Turn around. Dave puts handcuffs on Mike. Mike begins to resist.
32) 19) dialog: : Shut ups I don’t want to hear anything more - out of you. Mike shuts up.
32) 20) dialog: (cont) You kids! Mooney was right, got nothing better to do but cause trouble. Well, you’re not gonna get away with it this time.
32) 22) dialog: (upset) Yeahs she did, didn’t she. Dave pushes Mike back toward the car.
34) 0) text: Silence, Dave is steaming, he is reflecting on the events facing Mocney and Debbies betrayal. They drive past Top of the World. Dave glances aver and n something isn’t quite right. He drives by then stops. Dav looks back, pauses then backs into Top of the world. EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD - Night 7o The police car pulls up and stops.
34) 2) dialog: dust stay here. Dave gets out with his flashlight and walks towards the c Everything seems normal except no kids. Silence. He looks into a car, the doar is locked and the are in the ignition. Dave is puzzled. No radios; no lovers. He shines the flashlight around, a glint cff of a Bronco truck catches eve.
34) 3) text: He walks over and notices pink strands hanging from the aerial. He touches them, they are stick» like a spider’s He follows the strands around the truck to the other side looks in but the windows are fogged. He reaches for the handle and slewly opens the driver’s door. The interior is a tangled web of pink cotton candy. Dave is shocked, He leans in and notices something on the seat. He pulls i from the pink mass. He holds them in the light ta inspect them, a pair of EYEGLASSES (Bob McDevitt’s). Suddenly, a naise behind Dave, he whirls around and shine his light. It’s a raccoean rummaging through the garbage. Dave is relieved. Urgently, he returns to the police car. He opens the back door. Mike is worried about police brutality.
34) 4) dialog: Get out, turn around.
34) 6) dialog: Turn around. I said. Mike turns his back to Dave.
34) 8) dialog: (angry) dust drop it, okay? Dave uncuffs Mike and shows him the glasses.
34) 9) dialog: Take a look at this. bL
34) 12) dialog: Over an that Bronco.
34) 14) dialog: Who?
34) 16) dialog: (urgent) Come on. They hop inta the front seat of the car.
35) 2) dialog: Held on Mike, I found some pink fibers, that doesn’t verify your story. (pause) I believe something’s happened. Now tell me EXACTLY what went on here tonight. ExT. TOP OF THE WORLD - NIGHT Dave peels out ana they head back for town quickly. INT. BATHROOM — NIGHT Debbie enters the bathroom, reaches inta tne tub and the shower on. turns ~54- 71
36) 0) text: Dave is racing Mike back ta town. bL
37) 2) dialog: It’s okay; you did the right thing. We‘ll head back to Pierce and see if we can track down your friend McDevitt.
37) 4) dialog: We don’t know that for sure...I’1l cail the State Police in Mariboraugh, they have a lab. Maybe someone up there can tell us what this stuff is, because it’s not cotton cancy. Mike is relived, he settles bacx into his seat.
37) 6) dialog: Leck [’m sorry I was a little rough an you back there. It’s been ane hell of a nignt for me. Mike feels very awkward.
37) 9) dialog: Looks, it’s got nothing ta do with wou, really. It’s me, (pause) It’s obvious she goes for laughs, not stability. Mike smirks, then wonders if he’s been insulted. Dave looks blankly at Mike.
37) 11) dialog: Homes no way. We have to follow this up.
37) 13) dialog: T’m no hero either. I have a job to do.
38) 3) dialog: You‘re the only lead I have. Remember you’re the one who has seen these things. Mike looks across the road. His eves widen, his mouth dro Open. He stammers. .
39) 0) text: Dave’s police car ful’s up and stops across the street fr the klown, who is doing a marvelous Statue of Liberty sha
40) 2) dialog: Calm down, will wou? Let me check this out. EXT. BUS STOP = NIGHT Si The klown continues performing bis shadow miracles. He tu with an evil sneer toward the spectators. They are looking ups engrossed in the visuals. The klown slowly changes the shadow from a HULA GIRL in motion to a HIDEOUS SERPENT with fangs. It hisses and rea Backs tossing it’s head side to side. The crowd shudders. The klown emits an evil laugh. The sereent shadow leaps off the brick wall and devours t group of spectators in ene fatal Swoop. They scream and k as they are swallowed by the huge shadow monster. It retreats to the wall, where it turns back into the klo hand.
41) 0) text: Dave and Mike are in complete shock at what they have jus seen.
41) 2) dialog: Oh mi Goa. I can’t believe it! @. EXT. BUS STOP — NIGHT 63 The kiown turns. From his clem:hed klown claw we hear the muffled cries of the devoured spectators. They are trappe some deranged alien magic. He opens his bag and aepties t contents of his hand into it.
42) 2) dialog: What are you crazy? Let go of the wheel! The police car comes screeching from across the street, zig-zagging towards the klown.
43) 0) text: The klown straightens up and stands motionless, watching approaching car. Inside, Mike and Dave are fighting at tne wheel careening toward the klown. The klawn face smiles with teeth glaring. HISSSSS! Mike and Dave scream. The police car races for the klown. The split second before the impact, the klown JUMPS strai up and out of sight. The police car slams into the bus stop, knocking over gar cans and the bench before stopping. INT. POLICE C&R = NIGHT a6 Mike and Dave are a little dazed, but recover quickly. Dave What are you doing? You could have gotten both of us killed. Bon’t aver...
43) 2) text: is . They look forward at the front of the car. Nothing. They at each other. They slowly move to the side windows. 67 EXT. BUS STOP —- NIGHT a7 Looking down on the police car; Dave and Mike pop their h Sut the windows and look up.
43) 3) dialog: I den‘’t know. I don’t see him anywhere.
43) 5) dialog: I’ve seen enough. Dave grabs the microphone and calls in.
43) 6) dialog: One baker 5 calling. This is Dave. Cliff do you reac me. Over.
43) 8) dialog: Mooney, I want wou to listen. Don’t Say anything. I want you to call the State Police and get help, There ARE clowns and they ARE killing people. Over. Revised 4/7/87 ey INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT es Booney is at the radio desk talking to Dave.
44) 0) text: Dave is furious. Cut off.
44) 1) dialog: Mooney, this is an emergency. Meoney. He cut me off. {turns ta Mike?) That son of a bitch, cut me off! Dave tries to start it up again.
44) 2) dialog: I‘ve gotta get to the station. I don’t know what I’m gonna say, but I've got to get through to the State Police. 4 scream rips through the night. Mike and Dave turn to th sound.
45) 0) text: From an alley, twe young girls run screaming. Behind them, bursting from the darkness, a HUGE KLOWN SHA them. They split to the sides as the thing tears out of t Mike and Dave are shocked at this new klown horror. The KLOWN DEMON races across the intersection. It is the BOBO Happy Time ice cream truck, sith no one driving. Close behind race two figures clad in white uniforms. It’s Rich & Paul Terenzi.
46) 0) text: Dave reaches for his gun. Mike restrains hia.
46) 2) dialog: The Terenzi Brothers?
46) 3) text: Loak, get ta the police station and radia for help. I’11 catch up with m friends and try to warn people. Dave agrees
46) 4) dialog: Okay, but tell everyone to stay indoors. Don’t da anything stupid?
47) 0) text: Dave starts the car, Mike jumps out. Dave peels out and r away. Mike runs down the street. He rounds a corner. he hears a CRASH. Pauses then continues.
51) 0) text: Dave pulls up in his police car and screechs to a stop. INT. POLICE STATION ~ NIGHT 1a1 Dave bursts into the station. The lights are all out. Dav turns on his flashlight. The phones are ringing off the h He picks one up.
51) 4) dialog: Mooney. Mooney, where the hell are wou? Dave notices something on the floor. GIANT ORANGE FOOTPRI lead a winding path to the jail cells in the back. He dra nis gun and cautiously appreaches the door. Grabs the knob ane slowly turns it. Dave is sweating. He throws the door open and jumps to the side. He peers in. Nothing. He relaxes for a moment, his head down. Dave raises his gun and walks slowly toward the back.
52) 0) text: Dave carefully opens the door and walks into the jail reo His eyes follow the prints up and around, his face distor with fear and amazement. The floor and walls are covered MULTI-COLORED FOOTPRINTS.
52) 1) dialog: Mooney. Are you back here? Dave walks to the second call, it’s open. The flashlight beam falls on a large pink mass stuffed in the corner. It is a cocoon like the one Mike described. H moves toward it. He reeas to knaw if ther2’s a body inside and who’s body. Dave touches the fibrous material and tears some from the cocoon. It’s the same stuff he removed from the car at Top of the World. We hear (not Dave) a SOFT SQUISHY SOUND. Dave look more closely at the cocoon. He can faintly see a figure inside. He reaches for it. A squishy tearing sound. Dave hears it, turns and loaks beh him. i103 Me locks up and SQUARSH, the cancy coated corpse of a sun comes Sliding dawn. It is hanging hal* Sut of a cecoon st te the ceiling. Dave startled falls back and Scurries out of the cell. He backs up against the wall, repulsed. He takes a breath, - stands and staggers into the front office.
53) 0) text: Dave staggers through the office, we see the EIGHT FOOT K sitting at the desk behind his. The klown slowly spins his chair around to face Dave. SQU The chair squeaks. Dave freezes, he's afraid to turn arou He turns siowly and sees the klown Sitting, smiling at hi Mooney sits up in his lap. His eyes are glazed his expres one of sheer terror. Mooney speaks;
53) 4) dialog: Marloocrough State P.D. this is Greenlawn P.D. calling. Emergency! Do you copy? Over.
53) 6) dialog: Jack! Thank God, we need your assistance. The towns gone crazy, People are being killed. Do you copy? Over.
53) 8) dialog: Jack there are maniacs dressed up as clowns cn a killing spree. Over.
53) 11) dialog: Jack you've known me for three wears, you gotta listen ta what I’m going to tell you. They’re not People, these clowns are some kind of creatur things...things from another planet. You’ve got to believe it. There are people being willed, Officer Mooney is dead. Killed ty one of these things. I know, I saw it. Send all available units with riot gear immediately. Over.
53) 12) text: Silence, no response. Dave calls back. Serious.
53) 13) dialog: Jack, believe me. Please believe me. Over. Static. .
53) 15) dialog: Debbie’! Dave jumps up, races over to the gun rack. He pulls cut a couple of rifies. He dashes to ammo cabinet. Piles stacks Cartridges in his pockets. Dave races out of the police station.
57) 0) text: In another part of town, Dave is racing to Debbie’s house he approaches an intersection, he hears a strange siren a comes screeches to a stop. The klown car races past with DEBBIE BALLOON whipping behind. . -g3-
58) 0) text: Dave is momentarily startled. He snaps out of it when the BOBO ice cream truck speeds by in pursuit. Dave recognize the vehicle.
58) 1) dialog: Mike!! Dave jams his car in gear; peels out and chases after the grour.
62) 0) text: Mike runs to the police car, it is smashed inta the back the ice cream truck. The front end is crumpled and stean rises fram the engine. Dave is behind the wheel, dazed.
62) 2) dialog: What the hell are you guys doing? From the back of the ice cream truck Rich and Paul’s ewes peer cut fram the windows. They look around, then disappe
62) 6) text: Dave abruptly interrusts.
62) 7) dialog: Which way were they heading?
62) 9) dialog: IT do. The truck peels out.
63) 3) dialog: Now, stay together. The Terenzis wander over to the mass of goo. Rich yells:
63) 6) dialog: It’s not.
63) 7) text: 126 Dave isokes tc Mike. They’re both worried.
63) 8) dialog: Lat’s ga!
64) 0) text: They enter the funhouse, it’s pitch black with shafts of colored light cutting through the eerie darkness. Dave tu to Mike and gives him a flashlight.
64) 2) dialog: Take this, I’11l go first. (to Terenzis) You guys, no fooling around. Stay together. He don’t know what the hell is in here. They proceed down the narrows, winding passage. Grotesque Bainted funhouse faces loca out of the darkness.
64) 5) dialog: Yeah, help is an the way.
64) 7) dialog: (puzzled) I told thea... (beat) eoetut I don’t really believe it myself. Where did they come from? Why are they here? Why clowns?
64) 12) dialog: Then they’re intelligent. Why don’t they communicate with us? Talk to us instead of slaughtering us.
64) 14) dialog: Okay, quiet down. Let’s not give ourselves away. We’ve got to find Debbie. They continue, quietly and cautiously.
65) 0) text: The group walks through a corridor filled with wanky mirr Their reflections bend and contort with every step. Mike and Dave do not react to their reflections. Rich and Paul are amused, watching their distorted reflections met amor Phosing. Behind one mirror a killer klown can be seen watching the every move. It sneers an evil grin.
66) 0) text: The group enters another room, this one has a stream of s floating above tneir heads with shafts of light beaming through. They feel their way along the wall, slowly. Paul sees a LARGE RED BUTTON on the wall. He looks at it inquisitively, then presses it. @ blast of COLORED SMOKE shoots up from the floor under M lifting him in the air. He screams, dropping the light. 129 ~89- They all scream. Fike hits the ground, they all gather ar hia. Dave asks Mike.
66) 1) dialog: What happened? What did you do? Paul I didn’t do anything. They all look at Paul, suspiciously. Paul cringes, innocently.
66) 2) dialog: (orders) Don’t touch anwthing, okay. This Place is probably booby-trapped. They move ahead cautiously. At the end of the corridor th is a door. Dave reaches for the knob. He turns back to th group.
66) 3) dialog: I want everyone to stay close, stick together. I gon’t want to have to run around and save you @uys too.
66) 5) dialog: Where the hell did they go? ! thought I told them to stay close. Now we gotta find them.
68) 0) text: Dave and Mike continue down a corridor, following a low humming sound. Things begin to look familiar to Mike, lik the interior of the big top tent he was in eariier.
68) 4) dialog: This is incredible. We’ve got to find Debbie. What color balloon was she in? Mike thinks.
68) 6) dialog: Well let‘’s get to it. ur,
68) 7) text: They race around the reoe, looking through the rows of cocoons for Deobie’s balloon. Suddenly, the door opens and a klown enters. Mike and Dav freeze: then sneak behind the cocoons. The klown closes the door behind him and stands blocking exit. It searches the room, darting it’s head around. Listening, sniffing. The klown walks toward the guys. It stops at a cocoon, sniffs it and squeezes it. He soves to another one and repeats the routine. Mike and Dave are Scared, confused. The klown is inspecting the cocoons and coming claser to them. Dave siowly reaches for his gun. The klown stops. He seems to have found one to his liking The klown looks around to check if the coast is clear, th Pulls out a large TWIRLY STRAW. Mike and Dave watch curiously as the kiown pokas the stra into the cocoon. He places it to his lips and begins to suck. A bright red liquid comes spiraling up the twisting straw into the klo mouth. Mike and Dave are totally disgusted. The klown is sucking juices of the victims encased in the cocceons. UHHGG'! Th klown sucks until there is no more. He smacks his lips an burps. Mike and Dave uncerstand the klowns motives. They are speechless. The klown exits through a door on the far side of the rac opens. Mike and Dave follow and look through a port hole on the door.
68) 8) dialog: On God! They both look and are shocked. iv is 92
69) 0) text: Through the porthole is a huge Dr. Suess-like machine. Kl are loading cocoons onto a conveyor belt that take them i the spinning and churning contraption. At the cpposite en neat Pink wafers emerge sith klouns sifting Powered sugar them. Other klowns are stacking and carting them away. Th are thousands of wafers. INT. COCOON ROOM —- NIGHT 1x3 Mike and Dave pull back from the porthole, shockes and drained.
69) 2) dialog: Calm down, we have to find Debbie before it’s too late. They jump into action, searching wildly through the cocoo and balloons. Row after row of cocoons. Blue, red, orange green balloons. Then WHAMMNO, there it is. The big yellow balloon.
69) 3) dialog: Heys here it is. Is she in here? Mike runs to him. Looks into the balloon. Inside we can faintly see Depbie screaming to them.
69) 9) dialog: I’m going to shoot it.
69) 11) dialog: She'll be dead anyway. Mike steps back. Dave points the gun to one corner of the balloon.
69) 12) dialog: Get ready to run! Debbie get over to the side. Dave jams the pistol into the balloon, puils the trigger BLAAMMMO!! The balloon shatters and Debbie falls to the floor. Debbie gasps for air as Mike and Dave reach for he Debbie embraces Mike, Dave stands by coaforting her.
69) 15) dialog: Wait, I can’t leave. There might be other pecele still alive in these balloons. Mike and Debbie are at the entrance when a hatch opens at far end of the room and klowns see them. They’ve been discovered. Dave races to the docr.
70) 0) text: Dave, Mike and Deboie pause for a brief soment at the doo They lock down the corridor to the direction they came in Two klowns are racing toward them, their escape route is blocked.
70) 2) dialog: Mike, SHOOT THE NOSE, kill the klown. Dave opens tire, Mike follows. The klowns explode in a whirlwind of confetti. Our group dashes in the another door and head deeper into unknown territory.
71) 2) dialog: Down, @veryone, ga down. Mike looks down, hesitates.
71) 5) text: 138 1399 Debbie slides down the sole ints the darkness below. Mike about to follow. Dave sees a klown raund the corner.
71) 6) dialog: Ga Mike ga!! Dave shoves Mike down, turns fires at the klown then slid after the others. INT. TILT~A-ROOM — NIGHT 138 Dave slides down, he is grabbed suddenly by four hands an yanked abruptly off the pole. Mike and Debbie stand at th Pole holding ontc Dave.
71) 7) dialog: Heys why’d you stcp here? Debbie points down the pole hole and sees; a TOOTHY HORRI CREATURE, waiting in the depths below.
71) 8) dialog: Good reason. Is everyone ok? They look around, they’re in the middle of a long dark corridor.
71) 11) dialog: Keep going, quickly. We can’t stay here! The group runs as quickly as possible stumbling and falli through the churning corridor. They slowly make their way down to the end. INT. TIGHT ROPE ROOM — NIGHT axe The tilting room ends. Mike, Debbie then Dave stcp at the entrance of another room. Stretched cut before them is a VELLOW TIGHT ROPE suspended across a dark room. They run across it with no difficulty. (the rope is a visual gag f the film audience)
71) 15) dialog: Careful, open it slowly and stay to the side. Mike opens the door and proceed cautiously. The dcor is verticle on this sides
72) 1) dialog: This is impossible. There's got to be a way out of this.
72) 4) dialog: Well let me figure this out.
72) 7) dialog: Hey loak everybody, Just shut up. I’m in charge here. I don’t want anymore people getting killed. We have to be careful which door we Pick. 143
72) 11) dialog: Open the door.
72) 13) dialog: Just open the door. Mike obeys and opens it. Nothing on the other side but so confetti floating down. . The group run out as another klouwn enters and looks arou the now empty room. INT. FISH ROOM — NIGHT 143 The group runs inte a GIANT FISH HEAD thing, right down i gullet. 144 345 146 ~9g-
75) 0) text: Dave is holding the door closed. He takes his shotgun ang wedges it against the door, blocking it shut. Mike and De turn around, shocked. We pull back and revea » they are. standing in an immense PLAYGROUND ARENA. .
75) 3) dialog: Run to the other side. The group run across the playground floor. From behind so CRAZY ABSTRACT SHAPES, klowns appear and cut them off. Mike, Dave and Debbie stop and run to the right. More klo Pop uP; holding strange weapons. They run to the left, cut off by wore klowns. They are TRAPPED. The klowns are slowly corralling them toward the center. Mike, Debbie and Dave have backed up into a lighted area GIANT TIERRED PLATFORM in the center of the roca. The klowns move in on them, closer and closer. They come to the edge of the platform and ston.
75) 4) dialog: What are they going to de now?
75) 6) dialog: (sarcastically) Yeah okay, I‘1] take the two on the right. You take the rest of them. Mike, Debbie and Dave look at @ach other with despair.
75) 13) dialog: We‘re not out of here yet. Spotlights shine down on the huge center plaftorm. The Klowns mysteriously disappear behind the abstract playgro pieces. Our group is confused.
75) 16) dialog: Everbody in the truck! Let’s get out of here! Mike and Debbie get into the truck and Dave gces to the r to remove debris. Rich pops the truck into reverse, slams the gas. The tires burn rubber, but the truck won't move. It’s wedged solidly in the hole in the wall. The huge shape continues its descent from the ceiling. Mike yells from the truck.
75) 18) dialog: Try again. The truck rocks back and forth. then stalls. Mike and Deb hor out.
75) 20) dialog: Keep trying! Rich attempts to restart the engine but the truck won't t over. Debbie and Mike look at the platform as the huge shape touches down. Dave joins them.
75) 21) dialog: What the hell is that? Slowly the huge mass straightens up. Mike grabs Debbie. T thing rises to it’s terrifying full height. They shudder the FIFTEEN FOOT MARIONETTE MONSTER MKLOWN stands on the Platform. Debbie embraces Mike. It is the end.
77) 1) dialog: (to Terenzis) Forget it. It’s hopeless. Get out of the truck. Mike, Debbie and Dave run away from the truck. Rich is st trying to start the engine, Paul is honking the horn at t beast as it reaches the truck. The giant kiown looks at the clown head perched an the truck’s roof and draws back it’s fist. Rich and Paul see the on coming danger and fall into the of the truck. The kiown smashes the figure down into the cab and procee to pummel the vehicle to bits. -103- Hike, Debbie and Dave turn tea their friends. The Giant r the truck free from the wall and tosses it like @ tow acr the room. The truck slams into the opposite wall and bursts into flames. Mike, Debbie and Dave scream, horrified by the de of their friends. The klown sets his sights and starts for them. Dave checks his pistol. Reloads. He looks to the wall, th hole is no longer blocked ty the truck, leaving an escape route. He grabs Mike.
77) 2) dialog: Run for it. I‘’1l keep it busy. Debbie is shocked. She protests.
77) 4) dialog: I’ve gotta do scmething.
77) 6) dialog: (orders) Mike, get her out of here! NOW !!! Dave runs across the path of the giant, firing his gun to divert it’s attention. The giant lumsbers after Dave. Mike pulls Debbie back and runs toward the hole. Dave is firing at the giant. trying to hit it in the nose.
77) 7) dialog: You damn klown. I’11 blast your fucking nose off! Dave fires and shcots the line Operating the giants left Tt screeches in pain and holds it’s useless arn. 150 isi ~14 Dave fires, he’s out of bullets. He looks down te reload. giant lunges for him. Dave is smashed to the ground and Bicked up. Mike and Debbie reach the hole in the wali turn and see D being held in the giant’s claws.