4) 4) dialog: Hummmmmmm -- You've got me 4 making out like some high a school girl. (smiling) You are really something. Mike sneaks a glance at his watch.
4) 6) dialog: I was wondering why you kept looking at your watch. Pretty impressive.
4) 7) text: Debbie imitates Mike turns away sees a shooting Debbie turns to Mike sits backs
4) 9) dialog: Oh yeah I don’t know what you’re talking about. (normal) T can’t wait ta see what happens next. and then does a double taxe. star.
4) 12) dialog: {suspiciousiy) Nor I dian‘’t. You saw it. (coaxing Mike on) You make a wish. thinks and smiles.
4) 15) dialog: Charming. I pet you do this with all the new co-eds.
4) 19) dialog: Sure, Just wisn I could stretch my legs. Mike’s eyes widen; smirks; he nas another idea.
4) 21) dialog: (amused) You’ve got ta be kicding me? This isn’t a car, this is a sleazy adult motel on wheels. Mike starts climbing into the back. Debbie follows. 13° INT. REAR OF RED PINTO - NIGHT 13
4) 24) dialog: I bet.
4) 28) dialog: CN (amazed) e What did you guys de? bl 14 a3 Revised 4/7/87 =9—
4) 30) dialog: ° Why baloney?
4) 32) dialog: That sounds pretty incredible, do you always have such death defying exploits, Mr. Adventure?
5) 0) text: Debbie is puzzled» she doesn’t know what tao make of it. starts to laugh.
5) 2) dialog: What’s going on? Who are those idiots?
7) 0) text: Mike and Debbie have been watching the entire scene from back of the Pinto. Mike is laughing, Deboie is strangely amused.
7) 3) dialog: You hang out with them?
7) 7) dialog: This is excellent. A light streaks across Mike’s and Debbie’s face.
8) 4) dialog: fexcited> Yeah I saw that one, I couldn’t miss it, it was tremendous. I can’t helieve how close it was. Let’s check it out.
8) 6) dialog: (challenging? Don‘t give me that. You saw it, it landed over the hill near the water tower. That’s not "thousands of miles away". 25 26 ~1§= Mike realizes the romantic moment 1s lost and he might na have a choice. Debbie challenges Mike.
8) 7) dialog: (daring) Come on, let’s find its... Mr. Adventure. Mike makes one final attempt.
8) 9) dialog: Finished. Let‘s go.
11) 3) dialog: During Summer Orientation, (proudly) I had some adventures of my own. The water tower is down there. I think.
12) 0) text: The Pinto drives up to gate stretched across the road and stops. Mike and Debbie get out of the car, their passage blocked, they must continue on foot.
12) 4) dialog: (interrupts) Enough already with the moons. Lead the way, Chief Running-at—the— mouth. Mike and Debbie begin to walk into the woods. Mike stops turns back.
12) 7) dialog: More champagne?
12) 9) dialog: You certainly are prepared for anything, Mr. Adventure.
12) 11) dialog: Reallys why?
13) 1) dialog: It’s a good thing we have this flashlight, otherwise it would be real scary. They walk a few more steps and the light goes out. They a left stancing in the dark.
13) 2) dialog: What are you doing? Stop fooling around.
13) 4) dialog: Okay I won’t. I’m allergic to it. -20- The light pops on and begins ts flash, on and off. Debbie Pleads.
13) 5) dialog: Bike, cut it out!
13) 7) dialog: Oh great! Why now? The couple stumbles through the darkness, only making Progress when the light is on. They laugh a bit but Debbi soon gets annoyed.
13) 8) dialog: cont) Great flashlight! Did you buy that at K-Mart too?
13) 10) dialog: Oh na.ee The light goes out and doesn’t come back on. They stop walking. Silence.
13) 12) dialog: Mike, don’t be an idiot! Stop . Jerking arounc with the flashlight.
13) 14) dialog: You little jerk! That’s not your hand. [’11 kill yous when I can see you.
13) 15) text: Mike doesn’t answer, Debbie is alone.
13) 16) dialog: «cont) Mikes, don’t do this to me. (trying to maintain composure? Get back here. It’s pitch Bleck, suddenly Mike appears behind Debbie, underlit by his flashlight.
13) 18) dialog: tannoyed) You just lost major points, mister. (she turns her back on him)
13) 21) dialog: (Mr. T style) Dor’t be messing with my heads sucka. She throws Mike down and pins him with her knees on his chest.
13) 22) dialog: (Mr. T style) You ain’t gonna get off so easy next time. Fooool!
13) 25) dialog: Do you hear that?
13) 27) dialog: No really, there’s something over there. Mike rises quickly; looks toward the sound.
13) 28) dialog: (cont) Could be our shooting star. They look at each other, get up and go towards the sound. couple work their way through the woods. — 32 EXT. CLEARING — NIGHT 32 @ Mike and Debbie emerse from the underbrush to a clearin Stop, amazed. Their mouths drop open. eyes widen and they stand motionless. Before them looms the Big Top tent.
13) 30) dialog: (she finishes his thought? Circus tent!
13) 32) dialog: (visibly upset) Let’s get out of here. Something is wrong, this doesn’t feel signt. Weren‘t we looking for the shooting star. wl
13) 33) text: Forget the ghooting star, this looks n@at. Let’s check this out. Come an. Debbie coesn’t move.
13) 34) dialog: No, let’s go back. I’ve seen enough.
13) 36) dialog: élone?
13) 38) dialog: (pauses) If you left me here. Let’s go. They walk towards the tent.
14) 0) text: Mike and Debbie for an entrance. arrive at the tent. They walk around,
14) 3) dialog: What happened?
14) 6) dialog: (reluctantiy) Yeah right. Debbie feels uneasy. Mike jumps to opening.
14) 8) dialog: No! We better not, he might come back. Mike pops his head out.
14) 10) dialog: funder her breath) Gh shite Mike takes Debbie by the hand and they disappear into the darkness. INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR — NIGHT 34 The couple is walking cauticusly through a darkened corri in and out of pools of colored lights. The corrider gradu brightens as they proceed.
14) 11) dialog: What kind of circus is this? As they continue the light gets brighter and we see the w have a multi-colored candy striped pattern on them.
14) 12) dialog: Looks like Liberaci‘’s playroom...
14) 17) dialog: Mike, keer it down somebody will cateh us. Mike quiets down.
14) 19) dialog: I don’t know, that clown, it gives me the creeos.
14) 21) dialog: Not me, I wanted to run away FROM the circus. Mike listens intently.
14) 23) dialog: I was five years old. My mom and dad took me to the circus for the first time. (nervousiy) The lion tamers, the acrobats, the tight rope walkers. I guess it was okay. (more) e, -27~
14) 24) dialog: (pause) But then, this little car drove up and stopped right in front of me. Out came this huge clown! He jumped ever to me and lifted me cut of my seat. Everybody was laughing. Fiixe listens intently.
14) 25) dialog: (cant) He threw me on fis shoulders and yan aut into the center ring. I was petrified. Then other clowns began to dance around, honking harnsy squaaking their noses at me. Their caky white faces with yellow eyes and dingy teeth, tormenting me. (pause) It was terrifying. §’11 never forget those horrible smiling faces as long as I live. Mike is watching Debbie’s face. She is genuinely disturbe about clowns.
14) 27) dialog: How much further do you want to go? Mike turns and looks down the corridor.
14) 30) dialog: Oh gee Monty, I think I‘1ll take door number Z noi... no 4 no 2. Oh Monty, Monty, Monty. They both laugh, Mike fumbles, looking for a way to cpen door.
14) 33) dialog: Yeah and it’s no circus either.
14) 35) dialog: No!
14) 37) dialog: No!
14) 41) dialog: Ne!
15) 0) text: 36 Debbie throws Mike against the wall.
15) 1) dialog: No, Mike, The shooting star!
15) 3) dialog: The shaoting star we were looking for... we're in it! The sound of footsteps. Mike and Debbie freeze, someone i coming.
15) 7) dialog: How we gonna get out of here? Mike surveys the situation. He notices a sweet syrupy sce permeating the air.
15) 10) dialog: (serious) No it’s not. Don’t you realize where the hell we are? I ‘ve never seen anything like this before, wou’ve never seen anything like this before. No one has! { don’t believe in UFO’s, but if they are real, we’re trapped in one now! Mike That’s too weird. That’s National Enquirer stuff. Just calm down, there’s got to be a logical explanation for this.
15) 11) dialog: This isn’t what you think it is. Debbie walks over tc the cocoon and takes a closer look.
15) 16) text: 39 3a The klown lets cut a horrifying SCREECH, picks up his wea anc moves toward them. INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT Je Mike and Debbie clear the doorway and bolt doen the corri They run for their lives. Behind them, the klown leaps into the corridor, RAMBO-STY aims his wacky weapon and fires. 4 barrage of POPCORN SPORES blasts down the corridor. Mike turns around and sees the cloud overtaking them. He Pushes Debbie faster. The POPCORN SPORES are gaining on them. Mike and Debbie a getting closer tothe entrance. SPORES closer. EXT. BIG TOP ENTRANCE — NIGHT 39 As Mike and Debbie burst from the tent / sPaceshis they a hit with a deluge of popcorn spores and knocked to the ground.
15) 18) dialog: I think so. What is this Stuff? Popcorn?
15) 20) dialog: I don’t want to know. The couple quickly get back on their feet and race for th woods with popcorn all over them. Two klowns emerge from the entrancey looking around for t prey. They look left, right, then down and notice a trail popcorn leading to the woods. One klown pulls out a long thin balloon, twists it around his hands and creates a BALLOON DOG. They lumber after th with the balloon dog leading, sniffing the way. 41 a2
16) 0) text: Mike and Debbie are stumbling their way through the woods They‘re scrapping and scratching the popcorn off theaselv as they go. The balloon dog raises his head, sniffs, howl then follows.
17) 1) dialog: Mike; get me out of here! They get into the car, brushing off as much popcorn as th can. :
18) 0) text: Mike quickly starts the car. Klowns are seen approaching through the back window. Mike pops the car in gear and accelerates in REVERSE. The Slams into the klowns. Mike and Debbie scream. Mike slams car into drive and peels out. . & klawn leaps out in front of the car. Mike bowls him ove smashing the klown inte the windshield. Debbie screams as Mike takes off, leaving klowns scattere the ground behind them. EXT. ROADSIDE ~— NIGHT 43 Mike’s Pinto races down the road. The klowns on the groun suddenly spring up and watch the car disappear into the night.
19) 0) text: Mike and Debbie are frantic, Mike is hunched aver the steering wheel driving wildly; he glances oehind them to if they are being followed. Debbie scrapes the remaining Popcorn spores from her body.
19) 3) dialog: This is insane. Popcorn, why Popcorn? What did they think they were gonna do with popcorn?
19) 5) dialog: They’re not clowns.
19) 7) dialog: No! Not real clowns. That wasn’t a circus! You saw the inside. Remember the shooting star. These things are from outer space and they’ve killing people.
19) 9) dialog: That’s it Mike, we’ve got to tell the police.
19) 14) dialog: Fike, we have to. Trust me.
22) 0) text: Dave runs to the outside stops and sees: SCREEEECH! Mike's car smashes into a newspaper machine be it stops in front of the police station. Debbie burts from the car and runs to Dave. Mike follows.
22) 1) dialog: Dave, Dave something horrible's happened on the crest. Somebody's been killed. Dave is surprised. He grabs Debbie.
22) 3) dialog: (settling down) You have to help us, something horrible is happening. Two people are dead, maybe more, I don’t know.
22) 4) text: Who Debbie? Who’s dead? Mike steps forward.
22) 6) dialog: And some old guy too!
22) 12) dialog: You know cocoons. Dave turns +o Debbie.
23) 0) text: Dave seats Debbie by his desk, Mike stands quietly behind her. Dave sits at his desk -39- 49 =~40~ cave Now slowly, from the beginning.
23) 1) text: Okay, let’s see, we were at top of the world. We saw a shooting * star and we went to find it. Instead we found this circus tent and went inside. That‘s where we saw those people wrapped up in cotton candy cocoons. Dave; it’s not a circus tent it’s something else. Debbie slows down, afraid te reveal the unbelievable aeta
23) 2) dialog: <cont> It was like a giant factory, or Power plant; something strange...
23) 5) dialog: Dave please believe us. We’re telling the truth.
23) 7) dialog: Excuse me; we were talking to Dave. e ee Mooney is about to say something but shuts uF. Mooney sternly.
23) 12) dialog: Oh, this is Mike. He ...ah goes to Crescent Cove too,
23) 19) dialog: It’s true. Dave hesitates, thinks for a moment, then bursts into act
24) 0) text: Dave gets in the front with Debbie, and Mike gets in back The car pulls away. Dave is behind the wheel, fuming.
24) 3) text: Mike is speechless. Debbie is Sut off by Dave’s order.
24) 5) text: Debbie listen to me.
24) 6) dialog: Canery) Don’t tell me wnat to do. I’m going back ue there with you?
24) 8) dialog: Stop babying me. I can take care of myself. Looks; I don’t want to get into this again. I don’t have to lister to you. You’re not my boyfrienc anymore! Alright? So stop trying control my life. Mike falls back into his seat and feels like crawling und rock.
24) 13) dialog: (frustrated) I hate you! Dave turns to Debbie and smiles. Debbie hates being told what to do but is forced to give Mike is feeling extremely uncomfortable. EXT. DEBBIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT s2 The police car pulls up in front of Debbie’s house. A two bedroom townhouse just aff campus. Dave leans over and be to speak to Debbie. Debbie cuts him off.
24) 14) dialog: Can I speak to Mike, outside...
24) 17) dialog: No Mike, I’11 follow you up there.
33) 0) text: Scantily furnished, coliege type decor, cinder block end tables, milk crate bookshelves; overall neat with a femin touch. Debbie enters from the kitchen holding a glass and a bott of wine. She stands nervously, reflecting on the evenings events and Mike whereabouts. Helpless. Debbie impatient, Picks up the phone and dials. bl 69 Revised 4/7/87 “54
33) 3) dialog: What a night! She goes upstairs.
34) 0) text: Silence, Dave is steaming, he is reflecting on the events facing Mocney and Debbies betrayal. They drive past Top of the World. Dave glances aver and n something isn’t quite right. He drives by then stops. Dav looks back, pauses then backs into Top of the world. EXT. TOP OF THE WORLD - Night 7o The police car pulls up and stops.
35) 3) text: Fe 5 y= She Segins to undress. As she sulle off her sweater we no & few spores fall te the ground. She tosses the sweater inte the hamper, with several spor still clinging to it. She shakes her hair out, scattering spores around the bathroos. She takes off her shirt and pants, as they hit the floor See a popcorn spore start creeping under the sink. Debbie hops into the shower, the camera moves across the floor to the hamper where we hear the strange springy sou of popcorn spores.
56) 0) text: Debbie hears Mikes voice.
56) 2) dialog: Mike, thank gad... The voice continues to repeat her name. 110 Lat Relieved, Debbie thraws cpen the door. She is confronted by a leering @ FOOT KLOWN Saying; KLOBIN . (Mike’s voice) . Desbie, Debbie, Debbie it’s ae, it’s me. Debbie slams the door in terror. She is about to lose her mind. She throws her back tc the door. BANG! BANG! SLAFI! The klowns are trying ta sreak down th door. Debbie backs away from the door. Sounds of drills and jack hammers are heard. The door is starting to give way. Debbie is freaking out. She backs into the livingroom, looking for an escape. She dashes to a window and climbs up ante the ledge. EXT. DEBBIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT » 11d Outside are 4 KLOWNS dressed in FIREMENS GARB. They are holding a net yelling;
57) 0) text: In another part of town, Dave is racing to Debbie’s house he approaches an intersection, he hears a strange siren a comes screeches to a stop. The klown car races past with DEBBIE BALLOON whipping behind. . -g3-
67) 0) text: Rich and Paul land hard in a sea of multi-colored foam ba They shake themselves off. Look up, then arcund to get th bearings. They look at what they’ve landed on then at eac other. 130 131 In frant of the guys, two pairs of klown taet slowly desc The boys lock up. Standing before them are twa UGLY FEMALE KLOWNS with big tits, they smile at the boys. Rich and Paul sit there helpless. Paul smiles. PALL. Are wou Debbie’s rocasates?
69) 14) dialog: Oh Ged, I was suffocating. I thought I was going to die. A SCREECHING ALARM is sounded. INT. PROCESSING PLANT = NIGHT 1s & klown’s head is rotating around and around on it’s shoulders, emitting the ear splitting sound. Klowns are b alerted. They rush about. INT. COCOON ROOM - NIGHT i135 A red light is blinking on and off as the screech alarm blares. Mike, Dave and Debbie get up and start for the do Dave stops, looks at all the other balloons.
71) 0) text: They run to the end of the corridor, DEAD END. No doors, hallways, just a FIREMAN‘S POLE extending through the cei and floor. Mike and Debbie stand there, dumfounded.
71) 4) dialog: Nobody is going to put me in @ balloon again.
71) 5) text: 138 1399 Debbie slides down the sole ints the darkness below. Mike about to follow. Dave sees a klown raund the corner.
72) 3) dialog: Where do we go from here. Which door do we pick.
72) 6) dialog: We can’t be sure of anything in this place.
72) 9) dialog: Get your god damn gloves off me you red nose freak! Debbie kicks the kiown in the nase and BLAM, it shatters the klown falls back. Debbie gets up and grabs Mike.
72) 10) dialog: I hate clowns! Dave paints to the door where he just killed the klowns.
74) 1) dialog: Damn, I can’t take this anymore,
75) 2) dialog: Where do we go now?
75) 7) dialog: This certainly has been a night to remember. All around them are klowns. Twenty of them with guns and clubs; bats with nails in them, catchers mitts; all in al rather formidable klown army. The klowns climb up after them. CRASH '! & loud rumble is heard from the Playground wall The kiowns turn to the sound. Something is bursting through the wall. Mike, Debbie and Dave look to the wall. Through the wall bursts the BOBO ice cream truck. Inside, Clothes ripped to shreds, lip stick all over them, the TERENZI BROS. to the rescue. The truck stops mid way thro the wall with the giant Bobo head rocking back and forth. The klowns have been momentarily cistracted. Mike, Debbie and Dave can’t believe what they are seeing.
75) 15) dialog: Look! The group looks up. Descending from the ceiling, comes a dark shape.
75) 19) dialog: We're stuck. Ue 148 149 ~iS2
77) 3) dialog: No Dave, don’t! We can all make it. Dave grabs Debbie. For one brief second, they look deeply into each others eyes. Debbie doesn’t want to lose Dave.
77) 5) dialog: There’s nothing you can do... Dave kisses Debbie and throws her into Mike.
77) 8) dialog: (screams) DAVE fi! She tries to run back, Mike holds her tight. They watch a Dave is brought closer to the giant‘s gaping mouth. Dave wrestles in the clutches of the beast, trying to fre his wedged arms. Teeth glaring, closer. Dave struggles. Mike and Debbie screaming. Dave looks to his badge. Pops one ara out. He is at the giant’s nose. Dave rips the badge from his c Soints the pin outward and Plunges it into the giant’s hu red nose. BLAMMMM ! Mike and Debbie are thrown back by a tremendous red flasn rush of wind. The room is swirling with a FIFTEEN FOOT WHIRLWIND of CONFETTI. The whirlwind grows larger and larger. Debris a confetti being swept all around. The entire roos is a catastrophe. Mike and Debbie run out in despair, Dave is gone.
78) 0) text: Mike and Debbie run away as electrical flashes and sparks grow behind them. EXT. AMUSEMENT PIER PARKING LOT — NIGHT t51 Mike is pulling Debbie along side of him as they run.
78) 2) dialog: Look! bL 152 133 i54 455 Revised 4/7/87 ~d a
79) 0) text: SNAP, SNAP. The support cables and lights hanging from th tent are released fram the ground and drasn in towards th center of the tent/ship. It begins to rotate Slowly. From inside, lights are flashing as the whirlwind is continuin EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT i353 Head lights sweep across the bench where Mike and Deobie hiding. It is the State Police. Mike and Debbie run over them. Mike and Debbie look back, astonished. The ship rotates a slowly rises cut of the ground. The ship is shaped like a huge diamond. Like a iceberg, nine tenths of it’s mass is hidden beneath the surface. EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK — NIGHT 154 There’s a loud whirring sound as the glowing diamond ship rises over the pier and moves into the night sky. The ali ship takes off in full view of everyone and disappears in the night sky. EXT. POLICE CAR ~- NIGHT ‘ i55 Mike and Debbie are standing by one af the police cars. Debbie is leaning on the car sobbing. The state troopers over ta them.
79) 9) dialog: We saw the truck burst into flames.
79) 14) dialog: I’ve heard a lot about you two. Nice to meet you. They shake hands. Debbie gets ice cream all over her hand She smiles, looks to Mike. Mike looks at Debbie. He feels inadequate, less of a hero than he’d like to be. He's afr Debbie feels that way too. She looks lovingly at Mike. Sh reaches for him, they embrace. She saysj
79) 15) dialog: Come here Mr. Adventure. Mike and Debbie embrace as the police move toward the gro the camera pulls back, Mike casts a glance up at the skye FADE OUT.