0) 0) text: A couple is sitting in the front seat of a car, they appe to be making out, Passionately. We move closer and see CA fighting off her drunken boyfriend JOE LOMBARDO. She trie slap him, but he stops her and kicks her out of the car.
0) 1) dialog: Tf wou don’t like it, get out and walk, Joe closes the door and starts the car.
1) 0) text: Joe is driving sown a winding mountainous raad, negotiati the precarious curves recklessly. He 1s slightly intoxica Joe lights up a cigarette and continues his Sioppy drivin Feom the darkness behind hima Pair of headlights appear. They loom up very quickly and begin to flash. Joe gets annoyed and speeds up. The headlights speed up a tailgate threateningly clase. Joe waves the mysterious dr to pass. Instead the driver speeds up and rams Joe in the rear.
1) 1) dialog: Hey, what the hell you doin’ man? CRASH !! The musterious driver rems into him again. Joe i furious and continues to wave the driver ta pass. The Bursuing car speeds up and begins ta pass.
1) 3) text: The mysterious driver is pulling up along side. Joe picks a beer bottle. He is ready, waiting to see who the Griver
1) 4) dialog: Pass me now. The mysterious driver pulls up along side. Joe turns and the MANIACAL SMILING FACE ef a HORRIBLE KLOWN driving nex him.
1) 5) dialog: Ohy Shit! The klown is racing alongside Joe’s car in MID-AIR with t floating headlights leading the way. The klown lets out an eerie laugh and begins to Swerve hi non-existent vehicle into Joe’s car. Joe is Jarred by the impact; narrowiy avoiding driving of the road.
1) 6) dialog: Hey man, what are you daing? The klown is trying to push Joe’s car off the road. Panicking, Joe accelerates. A high speed chase ensues, with the klown slamming his bo into Joe’s car. They approach a hairpin turn above a thausand foot drop. klown and the car are racing side by side. With an evil smile, the klown smashes into Joe, sending h Car careening over the edge, bursting into flames as it h the bottom. From above, the klown leaks down at the fiery wreck. Cran flames light up his evil face. His frozen maniacal smile opens revealing a set of nasty, sharp teeth as he laughs. Main title appears! KILLER KLOWNS FROM OUTER SPACE