2) 1) text: Inside, OFFICER CLIFFORD MCONEY a member of the local eol force, 15 carrying a cup of coffee; slowly working his wa throught the crowd of kids. + ExT. BIG TOP BURGER — NIGHT 5 Mooney exits through the side door. He’s a forty-five wea Old Vietnam veteran with a persecution complex. Abusive o his authority, he has a self-righteous attitude that make him difficult to deal with. Now free from tne commation inside, he pauses to sip his hot coffee. A group of students wildly run past him, causing Mooney t almost spill the hot liquid all Over himself. He looks ba at them distainfully. Mooney sets into his police car. A group of four bikers r up their bikes and peel out of the Parking lot. Mooney pu INT. POLICE CAR — NIGHT é Mooney Picks up the mike and calis in to the station.
4) 5) dialog: (pleased with himself) What can I say,» we were talking for . so long, getting closer and closer. } (Mike moves closer) Until Gur lies were so close, they Just had to meet. Mike moves toward Depbie, his lips puckered. They kiss. F tne radio “I'm in the Mod for loe" begins to play. The DS speak Over the intro} ou (from radia) We’re going ta have a change of pace here with a dedication for someone special unger the starry might sky up at Top of the World. - * Here’s an old time classic from Mike to Debbie. Debbie breaks the kiss and smiles at Mike.
4) 7) text: Debbie imitates Mike turns away sees a shooting Debbie turns to Mike sits backs
4) 8) dialog: (innocen*®1y> —5- I don’t know what you’re talking about. Mike.
4) 10) dialog: (excited) Oh look! A shooting star. look but misses it.
4) 11) dialog: Ccont) Mike pretends he Did you see it? Let’s make a wish.
4) 13) dialog: Humm, you know what I’d wisn for? Something ta top off this evening. Something to make it special, a night we bath would rememper for a long time. Debbie is smiling. Mike leans towards Debbie, opens the g Compartment and pulls out two crustal glasses. He acts Surprised. Debbie doesn’t know what to think. Then Mike magically produces a cnilled bottle of champagne and a ii candle.
4) 14) dialog: A perfect way to spend a romantic evening under tne stars with you. Mike pops the champagne, and pours into Debbie's glass. The atmosohere is complete. Debbie aware of Mike’s intentions, is charmed ta death Sy his romantic flair.
4) 16) dialog: No, that’s not true. Mike pours the champagne into his glass.
4) 17) dialog: (cont) Not all the new co-eds would think this is charming. They laugh and awkwardly move around in the front of the Debbie shifts around uncomfortably; she’s cramped.
4) 18) dialog: (cont) You okay?
4) 20) dialog: I can fix that. He reaches back, pulls a cordy a curtain opens and reveal inflated RUBBER RAFT lying in the back of his car. There heart shapeo satin pillows in raft. Debbie spits out a mouthful of champagne and cracks up laughing.
4) 25) dialog: No, I mean out in the ocean. This Past Summer me and my friends, the Terenzi Bros. went sailing on this stupid raft we bought at K-Mart. We loaded up with cold cuts and beer and paddled a couple of miles cut to sea. Suddenly, a dense fog rolled in and we lest sight of (3 shore. The waves started tossing @ , the raft around. Debbie listens intently. Mike starts to toss the raft aro Debbie giggles. Mike moves around more violantliy knockin over the :ce bucket.
4) 26) dialog: (seriously) We were taking on water, sc we started bailing out the raft with our plastic cups. He begins to bail out the raft with a cup.
4) 27) dialog: (cont) Well somebody, I won’t say wha...punctured the raft. Tssssssss3s'! We were sinking. We were all going to drown, if the sharks didn’t get us first.
4) 29) dialog: Besides screaming. Not much, except I gratbed a slice of baionay and slapped it on the puncture.
4) 31) dialog: Coz we ate all the salam:. Anyway, it kept us afloat until the Coast Guard came and saved us from 4 watery grave. Debbie looks closer at the raft, it is covered with make— shift patches. She laughs realizing the story is erobably true.
4) 33) dialog: They don’t always start out to be death defying, but sarehow...more chamacne? Mike throws his hands up in the air. Mike continues, Debb hears some faint music. her eyes widen as she sees... Cut To? EXT. Top of the World ~ NIGHT 14 Coming from the darkness a huge shape rises over the hill towards the Pinto. It 13 a HUGE CLOWN. It’s head bobbing back and forth, menacingly approaching the couple. The music gets louder as the clown continues it’s approac The clown is now closer. INT. RED PINTO - NIGHT i5 Debbie grabs Mike. Mike turns and sees: bl i? i8 Revised 4/7/87 -i0- ExT. Top of the World ’- NIGHT 16 Below the clown head are two blaring headlights. ‘he head
5) 1) dialog: These guys! What the heli are they doing up here?
5) 3) dialog: Those aren’t idiots. that’s the Terenzi Bros. EXT. Top of the World - NIGHT 19 The clown is an the roof af the Bobo Happytime Ice Cream truck. Inside are RICH and PAUL TERENZI; Pierce students all around mischief makers. They are dressed in their whi ice cream uniforms. Paul hangs out the side with the microphone in his hand. Rich drives the truck toward the atner cars in the lovers lane.
7) 0) text: Mike and Debbie have been watching the entire scene from back of the Pinto. Mike is laughing, Deboie is strangely amused.
7) 2) dialog: (laughing) Those guys.
7) 4) dialog: Theg’re my best friends at school. Whenever I wanna go out and have a good time, I call Rich and Paul. A night out with them is a total adventure. Mike stops. He looks at Debbie, deeply, and moves closer.
7) 5) dialog: tcont?} But why aw I talking about the Terenzi Bros. when I would much rather be kissing you.
8) 3) dialog: {really surprised) Did you see that?
8) 5) dialog: No way, it’s a waste of time. It’s thousands of miles away. We‘ll be blowing the entire night.
8) 8) dialog: You don’t want toa finish the champagne? Debbie chugs the champagne.
8) 10) dialog: (unwillingly game) We’re off. Mike downs his drink. He and Debbie hap into the front se of the car and go racing off in the direction of tne cras site. EXT. BACK WOODS FARM HOUSE — NIGHT 25 Farmer GENE GREEN is standing on his front sorch with his dog, Pooh-Bear. He has just seen the shooting star streak over head. He’s got a National Geographic magazine with Halley‘s Comet on the cover in his hand.
11) 0) text: Mike and Debsie are driving through the woods on back air road. They are looking for familiar Landmarks.
11) 2) dialog: Yeah, how diag you know that?
12) 0) text: The Pinto drives up to gate stretched across the road and stops. Mike and Debbie get out of the car, their passage blocked, they must continue on foot.
12) 1) dialog: We‘ll have to walk from here. Mike scans the area, sniffs the air like an Indian tracke Debbie is amused by Mike’s antics.
12) 2) dialog: finJjun talk) Humh, if my instincts are correct; (beat) our path lies that way. (Mike points) We must travel many moons. Manus Many, Manus
12) 5) dialog: Oh, wait a minute I forgot something.» » 3a
12) 6) text: Mike opens the trunk and reaches in.
12) 10) dialog: T used to be a cub scout... (sadly) Till I got kicked out.
12) 12) dialog: I got caught eating brownies. Mike grabs Debbie and gives her a sexy bite on the neck. Debbie takes a swing at him. Mike runs and they disappear into the woods laughing.
13) 0) text: They are walking in the woods, Mike is leading the way.
13) 3) dialog: (teasing) Don’t tell me you're afraid of the dark.
13) 6) dialog: Damn! It’s this stupid flashlight, it’s stuck in the emergency flasher eode.
13) 9) dialog: Well at least we have a light. Can you imagine how dark it would be without any light at all.
13) 11) dialog: Uh oh.
13) 13) dialog: Tt’s really dead now! Don’t worry, I’m over here. Take my hand. Debbie reaches for him. We hear a slap in the carkness.
13) 15) text: Mike doesn’t answer, Debbie is alone.
13) 17) dialog: (deep spooky voice? Good evening! Has ha, ha. Debbie turns, startled.
13) 19) dialog: Aw come on Deb. It was a dumb joke. Debbie doesn’t respond. Mike throws his arms up in surren and walks toward Debbie.
13) 20) dialog: (cont) LooksI‘m sorry, it wasn’t funny. Mike 90es to embrace her. Debdie whirls around with a Hul Hogan maneuver and puts Mike in @ head lock, forearm smas to the jaw and neogies to the head.
13) 23) dialog: Gkays okay, I give up. Mike laughs, Debbie kisses him deeply. Once, twice. Mike 4 ready. Debbie is distracted by a sound beyond the trees e Pulsating HUMM. She stops.
13) 24) dialog: Don’t stcp now. I‘m hat.
13) 26) dialog: It’s only the beating of ay heart.
13) 29) dialog: That’s no shooting star. It looks like a.se
13) 31) dialog: What is a circus doing ail the way aut here? This is a bad location for a show.
13) 35) dialog: There’s nobody around. I’m gonna take a closer look. You can stay here.
13) 37) dialog: Well, would you be more scared if you came with me or I left you here?
14) 0) text: Mike and Debbie for an entrance. arrive at the tent. They walk around,
14) 1) dialog: This reminds me of the night, me and the Terenzi Bros. tried to sneak into the Dingling Bros. Circus last fall. Rich crawled under the tent flap and all of a sudden we heard these dogs growling and Rich screaming for help. We lifted the flap and saw Fifi and the dancing dogs doing the dirty beagie on him. Everytime Rich tried to get away the dogs growled and snapped at him. It was hysterical. Debbie starts to smile. looking _23—
14) 4) dialog: They had their way with hia. (beat) Rich has very fand memories of the circus. Walking around the tent, they laugh together quietly sa t won’t be discovered. On another side of the tent, a YELLOW STREAK of light tra a doorway in the canvas, revealing an opening. & klown carrying a FISHING POLE exits from the tent. Mike and Debbie come around just in time ta see the kiown walking away.
14) 5) dialog: (excited) Wow, did you se@ that clown? This is great.
14) 7) dialog: No one is around, you want ta check it out. Mike enters. Debbie hesitates.
14) 9) dialog: fexcited) Debbie, you're gonna love this. (taunts) Come on. Den’t be a baby. Clowns are funny. What are they gonna do? Tickle us to death? e. eo. Debbie moans, not wanking to be a kill joy. she reluctant follows.
14) 13) dialog: No, noy this is that new wave European circus fantastique. Mike is into it, he plays a sideshow barker in this bizar circus. He dances around.
14) 14) dialog: Hurry, hurry step right up, see the Circus Bizzaro. Debbie begins to relax, she nervously giggles at Mike’s antics. She follows. As the circus barker, Mike continues
14) 15) dialog: (cont) Come one, come ali; step eight uP. little lady don’t be shy; don’t be stupid, come see the Tina the talking Turnip. See the living Mickey Mouse. See the incredible Ms. 50/50; half man half women, the perfect double date. Debbie can’t help But laugh at Mike’s insanity.
14) 16) dialog: (cont? That’s it my little lady, step right up and see GUMBO, the Toothless Elephant; and folks, right over here, See Belinda, *he Bulimic Wonder. Watch her binge and purge before your very eyes. Debbie tries to stifle her laughing.
14) 18) dialog: Okay» ckay. Isn’t this place great! It must have been decorated by Bazo the Clown.
14) 20) dialog: Didn’t you want to run away and Join the circus when you were little.
14) 22) dialog: (curiously? Really, how come? Debbie takes a deep breath and reflects seriously.
14) 26) dialog: Den‘t worry, notning in here is going to hurt wou.
14) 28) dialog: Let‘s just gc to the end of this hall, to those doors. They walk a little further and come to three doors; one i front and one door on either side af the corridor. Mike g into another routine.
14) 29) dialog: (ala “Let’s Make a Deal") Okay Debbie which door co you cheese? Door #1 or Door #2 or Door a3? o> Mik@’s tooling around eases Debbie's fear, she plays alan
14) 31) dialog: Perhaps you shouid have gone for what was in the box. Mike hits a button. WHOOOSH. A rush of air surges as the suddenly opens. Their expression changes from laughter to awe. They step through. Cut Tas INT. SPACESHIP POWER CHAMBER — NIGHT 33 Mike and Debbie are standing in the doorway Overlooking a cavernous power facility that spirals hundreds of feet be them. From the depths, spinning turbines powered by what seems to be a HUGE GUMBALL MACHINE generate an enormous . amount of energy. The couple is dwarfed by the vastness o the interior. They are dumfounded. Debbie grabs Mike’s ar they peer out over the eoge.
14) 32) dialog: (seriously) This is no funhouse.
14) 34) dialog: I can’t believe it, sco what is it a fMuclear power plant?
14) 36) dialog: Military base?
14) 38) dialog: Missile Sila?
14) 42) dialog: Recycling plant? Debbie pulls Mike Oack through the door.
15) 0) text: 36 Debbie throws Mike against the wall.
15) 2) dialog: What are you talking about? Debbie grabs Mike shoulder and holds him close.
15) 5) dialog: I don’t know but it’s coming our way. Shadows stretch across the corridor floor approacning the In a panic, they search for a way out.
15) 6) dialog: Debbie, door number 1. Mike opens the door and pushes Debbie into the next room. door slams shut behind them. INT. COCOON ROOM — NIGHT 37 Mike and Debbie enter a long meat lacker type room. Everywhere are Doctor Suess type contraptions. A weird storage facility. Suspended from the c@iling are a number of FOUR FOOT FIN COCOONS. They seem tc be made of a pink fibrous material reminiscent of cotton candy. The couple relaxes safe fram immediate danger. They move through the room.
15) 9) dialog: {eont) It smells like candy in here. I don’t know what we saw out there but this looks like a cotton candy factory. Debbie looks at him. She can’t believe he would think of anuthing so stupid.
15) 14) dialog: Look, Debbie ya see. (holding it to his lips) I’1l show ya. Mike ig about to put the pink substance into his mouth wh Debbie looks at where he tore the piece from. Inside the cocoon, frozen in a death grimace, is a CANDY COATED FARMER GREEN. Debbie screams. Mike sees Green and spits the stuff from mouth. They huddle together. Scared. Saunds of samething at the door. The couple run and hide behing some weird machinery. The door opens and an EIGHT FOOT KLOWN lumoers in. Debbie about to scream when Mike hushes her with his hand over h mouth. The klown is carrying a cococn suspended from a futuristi FISHING POLE. He hoists the cocoon up with the athers. Mike and Debbie are trapped. The klown moves to the opposite side of the room and begi orerate one of the odd machines. Mike and Debbie watch in horror as the klown picks up a D Suess space age POPCORN GUN and begins to fill it with a Papcorn like substance. Mike and Debbie take this oprortunity to work their way o the door, keeping the cocoons between themselves and the klown. @s they get closer to the entrance they pass the freshly hung cocoon. Mike glances at it and recognizes the contorted body with Mike is shocked.
15) 15) dialog: (whispers) That’s Joe Lombardo. The klown perks nis ear up and turns to them. They’ve bee discovered. Debbie jumes up and races for the door. Mike is right beh her.
15) 16) text: 39 3a The klown lets cut a horrifying SCREECH, picks up his wea anc moves toward them. INT. BIG TOP CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT Je Mike and Debbie clear the doorway and bolt doen the corri They run for their lives. Behind them, the klown leaps into the corridor, RAMBO-STY aims his wacky weapon and fires. 4 barrage of POPCORN SPORES blasts down the corridor. Mike turns around and sees the cloud overtaking them. He Pushes Debbie faster. The POPCORN SPORES are gaining on them. Mike and Debbie a getting closer tothe entrance. SPORES closer. EXT. BIG TOP ENTRANCE — NIGHT 39 As Mike and Debbie burst from the tent / sPaceshis they a hit with a deluge of popcorn spores and knocked to the ground.
15) 17) dialog: Are you alright?
15) 19) dialog: Popcorn? What the hell are they doing to us with popcorn!
16) 0) text: Mike and Debbie are stumbling their way through the woods They‘re scrapping and scratching the popcorn off theaselv as they go. The balloon dog raises his head, sniffs, howl then follows.
17) 0) text: The couple reach Mike’s car and pause for a moment. They the strange howling of the balloon dog in pursuit. They l at @ach other.
18) 0) text: Mike quickly starts the car. Klowns are seen approaching through the back window. Mike pops the car in gear and accelerates in REVERSE. The Slams into the klowns. Mike and Debbie scream. Mike slams car into drive and peels out. . & klawn leaps out in front of the car. Mike bowls him ove smashing the klown inte the windshield. Debbie screams as Mike takes off, leaving klowns scattere the ground behind them. EXT. ROADSIDE ~— NIGHT 43 Mike’s Pinto races down the road. The klowns on the groun suddenly spring up and watch the car disappear into the night.
19) 0) text: Mike and Debbie are frantic, Mike is hunched aver the steering wheel driving wildly; he glances oehind them to if they are being followed. Debbie scrapes the remaining Popcorn spores from her body.
19) 2) dialog: Get this stuff off me.
19) 4) dialog: Clowns! They were clowns, that’s whi»
19) 6) dialog: Sure they're clowns.
19) 8) dialog: Yeah Joe Lombardo, [ saw him he was ese Gdead,... gone. He was gone. What are we gonna do? We gotta tell somebody‘
19) 10) dialog: Oh wean right, we run into the Police station and tell them there are clowns running around in the woods killing people with cotton candy. You know what they’re gonna do? They’11l throw me in the slammer, just for the hell of it. T’m not too popular with the police department.
19) 13) dialog: 1 gen’t know. I wouldn’te believe itt
19) 15) dialog: Okay, I dunno, I guess so. I hope wou’re right.
20) 0) text: A& klown enters and stands on the hiil that overlooks tow the distance, Mike’s car races down the hill, towards tow He pauses, turns and begins walking towards town. Other klowns enter and march into town. EXT. POLICE STATION — NIGHT 46 & small town’s police station. There is a CRESCENT COVE P STATION sign out front. A police car pulls up and stops.
22) 0) text: Dave runs to the outside stops and sees: SCREEEECH! Mike's car smashes into a newspaper machine be it stops in front of the police station. Debbie burts from the car and runs to Dave. Mike follows.
22) 4) text: Who Debbie? Who’s dead? Mike steps forward.
22) 5) dialog: Joe Lombardo, he’s dead!
22) 8) dialog: They were hanging there, wrapped up in these cotton candy things... Mike fumbles; hesitates to speak the truth.
22) 9) dialog: (cont) ee2ah cocoons.
22) 11) dialog: Yeah cocoons.
23) 0) text: Dave seats Debbie by his desk, Mike stands quietly behind her. Dave sits at his desk -39- 49 =~40~ cave Now slowly, from the beginning.
23) 3) dialog: (interrupts, excited) It was a spaceship and these things, these killer klowns came after us and shot popcorn at us. We barely got away. ®@ Mooney steps into the room. He has heard most of the conversation.
23) 18) dialog: It all happened just like we said.
24) 0) text: Dave gets in the front with Debbie, and Mike gets in back The car pulls away. Dave is behind the wheel, fuming.
24) 3) text: Mike is speechless. Debbie is Sut off by Dave’s order.
24) 9) dialog: {to himself) Boufriend? Dave is embarrassed. He continues Quietly.
24) 16) dialog: Your old boyfriend? Now I’m in for it. He’1ll kill me up there! EXT. DEBBIE’S FRONT STEPS — NIGHT s3 They reach the front steps.
24) 18) text: 54 55 revised 4/4/64 -45- Mike frightened but stern.
24) 19) dialog: You don't want to go up there. I don't want to go up there. Look, do what he says. Stay here and lock the doors. I'11 come over later...if I'm still alive. Dave sees the two huddled talking. Debbie notices. She gr Mike and gives him a very "theatrical" kiss good-bye. Mik glances over to the car.
24) 20) dialog: (hopeless) Great timing, Debbie. Mike walks down path and stops halfway and looks back to Debbie, then continues towards the police car. He moves t get in the front seat, but changes his mind and gets in t back seat. The police car pulls away and heads up the hil
32) 5) text: Tt‘s right here through these trees. Mike is leading the way and points ta the clearing.
32) 6) dialog: Wait a minute. Where is it? Mike is shocked when he sees an empty field with a HUGE H where the tent had been.
32) 8) dialog: I don’t know! It was there. Where that hole is. I swear it. Me and Debbie saw it.
32) 10) dialog: (hesitating) Yeah; yeah it was here, its gone and left a hole. We saw it, that’s a fact. . Dave is angry, taken for a fool.
32) 13) text: “5. Mike is mortified.
32) 14) dialog: 2 don’t know. I saw Joe Lombardo dead. I can only tell you what I think I saw.
32) 16) dialog: Na, I know what I saw, I just can’t prove it. My proof is gone.
32) 18) dialog: Heu, what are you daing?
32) 21) dialog: Get away with what? Debbie saw the same thing.
33) 0) text: Scantily furnished, coliege type decor, cinder block end tables, milk crate bookshelves; overall neat with a femin touch. Debbie enters from the kitchen holding a glass and a bott of wine. She stands nervously, reflecting on the evenings events and Mike whereabouts. Helpless. Debbie impatient, Picks up the phone and dials. bl 69 Revised 4/7/87 “54
34) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
34) 3) text: He walks over and notices pink strands hanging from the aerial. He touches them, they are stick» like a spider’s He follows the strands around the truck to the other side looks in but the windows are fogged. He reaches for the handle and slewly opens the driver’s door. The interior is a tangled web of pink cotton candy. Dave is shocked, He leans in and notices something on the seat. He pulls i from the pink mass. He holds them in the light ta inspect them, a pair of EYEGLASSES (Bob McDevitt’s). Suddenly, a naise behind Dave, he whirls around and shine his light. It’s a raccoean rummaging through the garbage. Dave is relieved. Urgently, he returns to the police car. He opens the back door. Mike is worried about police brutality.
34) 5) dialog: Hey, what’s going on? You’re not gonna hit me, are you?
34) 7) dialog: Look, I’m sorry abcut Debbie. I didn’t know she was your girlfriend!
34) 10) text: 71 q Revised 4/7/87 Mike recognizes the pink cotton candy fibers.
34) 11) dialog: (excited) That’s the stuff! That’s the stuff that was wrapped arcund Joe Lombardo. Where did you find this?
34) 13) dialog: That’s McDevitt’s truck.
34) 15) dialog: Bob McDevitt! He was up here with us and those are his glasses. They‘ve got him, he’s dead.
35) 1) dialog: So do you believe me now? It’s like i said. Everything I told you was true, you see...
36) 0) text: Dave is racing Mike back ta town. bL
37) 0) text: Mike has just completed a calm, detailed account of his *klown adventure’.
37) 1) dialog: Look we thought the police were the only anes that could help.
37) 3) dialog: {excited) Why? He’s dead! His girlfriend’s dead! The klowns got them all!
37) 5) dialog: Yeah, finaily. That’s what Ii‘ve been telling you. Mike and Dave are quiet for a while. Dave glances at Mike has something to say.
37) 7) dialog: Gee, What can [ say? I didn’t know. About Debbie. -§6-
37) 10) dialog: Forget it. Just take me home.
37) 12) dialog: IT just told you everything I know. It’s dangerous. This is your job. You got the gun. I’m no hero.
38) 2) dialog: Just drop me off here, I’1l take the bus home.
38) 4) dialog: Look over there! A clown!! Dave turns to look and slows down.
40) 0) text: Mike is frantic.
40) 1) dialog: There he is, a clown. I told you. Go out there and shoot him. Get him Dave. Kill him!
41) 0) text: Dave and Mike are in complete shock at what they have jus seen.
41) 1) dialog: Holw Shit:!!
42) 0) text: Mike loses it. . MIKE . Shoot’em. Shoct’em. Kill the klown. Mike panics. He grabs the wheel. puts his foot on the gas race toward the klown.
42) 1) dialog: Run him over. Kill‘em. Dave tries to stop Mike, but he is overpowered by Mike’s Panic. They struggle at the wheel.
42) 3) dialog: Hit‘’em, kill’em!
43) 0) text: The klown straightens up and stands motionless, watching approaching car. Inside, Mike and Dave are fighting at tne wheel careening toward the klown. The klawn face smiles with teeth glaring. HISSSSS! Mike and Dave scream. The police car races for the klown. The split second before the impact, the klown JUMPS strai up and out of sight. The police car slams into the bus stop, knocking over gar cans and the bench before stopping. INT. POLICE C&R = NIGHT a6 Mike and Dave are a little dazed, but recover quickly. Dave What are you doing? You could have gotten both of us killed. Bon’t aver...
43) 1) dialog: I’m sorry I freaked out. Whe he? Did we get’eam?
43) 2) text: is . They look forward at the front of the car. Nothing. They at each other. They slowly move to the side windows. 67 EXT. BUS STOP —- NIGHT a7 Looking down on the police car; Dave and Mike pop their h Sut the windows and look up.
43) 4) dialog: He’s gone. He went straight up. He’s gone. 68 INT. POLICE CAR — NIGHT 8a They pull their heads in.
45) 0) text: From an alley, twe young girls run screaming. Behind them, bursting from the darkness, a HUGE KLOWN SHA them. They split to the sides as the thing tears out of t Mike and Dave are shocked at this new klown horror. The KLOWN DEMON races across the intersection. It is the BOBO Happy Time ice cream truck, sith no one driving. Close behind race two figures clad in white uniforms. It’s Rich & Paul Terenzi.
46) 0) text: Dave reaches for his gun. Mike restrains hia.
46) 1) dialog: No wait. That’s no killer klown, that’s the Terenzi Brothers.
47) 0) text: Dave starts the car, Mike jumps out. Dave peels out and r away. Mike runs down the street. He rounds a corner. he hears a CRASH. Pauses then continues.
48) 9) dialog: (out of breatn) Hew Rich, Paul. Am I glad to see wou gus.
48) 11) dialog: No, no. Something horrible has happened. I need your help. @ surprised at Mike’s urgency. aICK What are you talking adout? Pal Something wrong?
48) 12) dialog: There’s no time to explain. There are kiowns going around killing People. look at each other, dumfounded.
48) 20) dialog: I’m not fooling around guys this is serious. You gotta believe me. You‘’re my friends. PauUL What do you want us to do? We have ice cream to sell.
48) 21) dialog: Paul this is more important than ice cream. There are klowns killing people. We‘re all in canger. and Paul look at each other.
48) 26) dialog: Yeah, two beautiful roocamates. (pause) With big tits.
48) 28) dialog: 
54) 0) text: Mike is sitting in the front cab with the Terenzi brother an their way to Deboie’s house. Rich is driving. Mike is still trying to convince the guys that there are killer klowns.
54) 2) dialog: Aww come on you guys. You‘’re beginning to sound like Mocney.
54) 10) dialog: Forget Hidden Lake. This is different.
55) 0) text: Mike, Rich and Paul look at each other with blank stares. PaUL (stuttering ala Porky Pig? Thee thee. that’s all folks!
55) 1) dialog: Let’s get the hell sut of here. The guys scream, as Rich whips the truck into reverse, ri the gears into first and peel out down the dark street. INT. DEBBIE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 107 Debbie walks into the bathroom, dressed. She brushes her hair. Debbie sips some wine. She is worried about Mike. H @yes begin to tear. She can’t grasp what is happening. Sh doesn’t want to be alone. The fear is creeping up on her again. She hears noises through out the house. She hears a springy sound come from the cabinet behing he She turns to it. In a flash something bursts toward her out of the hamper; spall abhorrent KLOWN JACK IN THE BOXES with dripping Snapping jaws. Debbie jumps backwards, barely evading the slashing fangs She slams into the sink, immediately the medicine cabinet bursts open and another JACK IN THE BOX creature lunges. This one digs it’s teeth into Debbie’s shoulder. She scre but the thing is amazingly strong and she can’t free hers She struggles in agony to reach the aerosol can on the counter. Just as she is about to grab it; a second kiown leases fr the cabinet and bites into her shoulder. She falters for moment. bi eo: ice 109 Revised 4/7/87 -80- In desperation, she grabs the can and sprays it in the ay of the klowns. They release her and emit an unearthiy shr and spring wildly about in agony. Debbie slams the cabinet doors closed on them. The hamper klowns hop toward her. She kicks the hamper and it falls front of the door. Her escape is blocked by the HAMPER KLOWNS. She looks far another escape. Slowly behind her; the toilet lid begins ta open. Rising menacingly behind her is a Larger; even more gruesome JAC THE BOX DEMON. It snarls; revealing its corroded dripping fangs. It reco on its spring like some huge copra preparing to strike. Debbie whirls around and comes face to face with the thin It lunges. She falls backwards into the tub. The thing snaps at her. She cowers back, looks up and see the shower massager. It snaps at her again. She cowers back. With lightning speed, Debbie grabs the massager and shove down the things throat. She reaches for the faucets and turns the shower on. The force of the water whips the creature around wildly. She grabs the shower curtain, runs at the creatures block her exit, throws the curtains over them and leaps out the door. INT. DEBBIE'S APARTMENT — NIGHT 108 Debbie runs, and falls at the door. She‘’s dazed for a moment, then hears a knack-
56) 0) text: Debbie hears Mikes voice.
56) 4) text: Rig 413 114 -~82- INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - NIGHT Liz The guy are racing to Detbie’s house, Mike barking cut directions.
56) 5) dialog: Take a left. They screech around the corner.
56) 6) dialog: 4nd now make the first right. The truck races through the neighborhood, Mike sees Debhi house.
56) 7) dialog: 
56) 10) dialog: Don’t stop, they’ve got Debbie.
56) 12) dialog: They’re getting away Rich. We can’t lose them they’ve got Debbie. The truck peels out in pursuit.
59) 1) dialog: Rich, we‘re losing them. Can’t you go any faster.
60) 0) text: They ’re racing along. Paul locks in the side mirror and the police car with sirens blaring. Paul (frantic) . Hey Rich, The cops. Stop the truck! Mike reacts.
60) 1) dialog: Dave! Rich slams on the brakes, hard. ee ' 120 a2a
62) 0) text: Mike runs to the police car, it is smashed inta the back the ice cream truck. The front end is crumpled and stean rises fram the engine. Dave is behind the wheel, dazed.
62) 3) dialog: They’ve got Debbie! e-: 224 is Dave grabs his shotgun.
62) 8) dialog: (frustrated) Down this way. We’ve lost them now! i don’t know where they went. Dave looks down, thinks. Looks back up. Starts the truck.
63) 7) text: 126 Dave isokes tc Mike. They’re both worried.
64) 0) text: They enter the funhouse, it’s pitch black with shafts of colored light cutting through the eerie darkness. Dave tu to Mike and gives him a flashlight.
64) 4) dialog: Dave, did you get through for help?
64) 6) dialog: Did you tell thee it’s an invasion?
64) 8) dialog: Thew’re not clowns. They’re some ~ kind of animal from another world that just to look like clowns. Maybe their race were the ancient astronauts that visited our planet centuries ago and our idea of clowns comes from these creatures. PAUL. Then how come they’re nat funny?
64) 11) dialog: Maybe they’re using us for experiments, to dissect and study.
65) 0) text: The group walks through a corridor filled with wanky mirr Their reflections bend and contort with every step. Mike and Dave do not react to their reflections. Rich and Paul are amused, watching their distorted reflections met amor Phosing. Behind one mirror a killer klown can be seen watching the every move. It sneers an evil grin.
66) 0) text: The group enters another room, this one has a stream of s floating above tneir heads with shafts of light beaming through. They feel their way along the wall, slowly. Paul sees a LARGE RED BUTTON on the wall. He looks at it inquisitively, then presses it. @ blast of COLORED SMOKE shoots up from the floor under M lifting him in the air. He screams, dropping the light. 129 ~89- They all scream. Fike hits the ground, they all gather ar hia. Dave asks Mike.
66) 6) dialog: Don’t worry about them, they do this all the time. The Terenzi Brothers are like cats. They always land on their feet.
68) 0) text: Dave and Mike continue down a corridor, following a low humming sound. Things begin to look familiar to Mike, lik the interior of the big top tent he was in eariier.
68) 1) dialog: Hey, this looks like the tent Debbie and I were in. And that sound. Mike sees a door.
68) 2) dialog: Over there, That door. Go inside. The two slip into the roca. INT. COCOON ROOM — NIGHT 1st The door shuts behind them. Inside are cocoons and balloo arranged neatly in rows. There are hundreds cf them. Mike Dave are stunneo at the nusber of victims.
68) 3) dialog: This is where we were before. Where we saw Joe Lambardo’s body. Looks like they’ve got the whole town.
68) 5) dialog: Ahtipcs it was yellow.
68) 7) text: They race around the reoe, looking through the rows of cocoons for Deobie’s balloon. Suddenly, the door opens and a klown enters. Mike and Dav freeze: then sneak behind the cocoons. The klown closes the door behind him and stands blocking exit. It searches the room, darting it’s head around. Listening, sniffing. The klown walks toward the guys. It stops at a cocoon, sniffs it and squeezes it. He soves to another one and repeats the routine. Mike and Dave are Scared, confused. The klown is inspecting the cocoons and coming claser to them. Dave siowly reaches for his gun. The klown stops. He seems to have found one to his liking The klown looks around to check if the coast is clear, th Pulls out a large TWIRLY STRAW. Mike and Dave watch curiously as the kiown pokas the stra into the cocoon. He places it to his lips and begins to suck. A bright red liquid comes spiraling up the twisting straw into the klo mouth. Mike and Dave are totally disgusted. The klown is sucking juices of the victims encased in the cocceons. UHHGG'! Th klown sucks until there is no more. He smacks his lips an burps. Mike and Dave uncerstand the klowns motives. They are speechless. The klown exits through a door on the far side of the rac opens. Mike and Dave follow and look through a port hole on the door.
69) 0) text: Through the porthole is a huge Dr. Suess-like machine. Kl are loading cocoons onto a conveyor belt that take them i the spinning and churning contraption. At the cpposite en neat Pink wafers emerge sith klouns sifting Powered sugar them. Other klowns are stacking and carting them away. Th are thousands of wafers. INT. COCOON ROOM —- NIGHT 1x3 Mike and Dave pull back from the porthole, shockes and drained.
69) 1) dialog: Paul WAS right. They are hungry. Thew’re going to eat everyone. Dave grabs Mike, trying to calm him down.
69) 4) dialog: That’s her. She’s alive. He turns to Dave.
69) 5) dialog: How do we get her out? Mike pounds on the balloon. His fists bounce off, no effe They try to rip at it, but nothing seems to break it. Dav steps back and draws his pistal. Dave Stand back.
69) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
69) 10) dialog: You can’t; wou might kill her.
69) 13) dialog: Debbie are wou okay?
70) 0) text: Dave, Mike and Deboie pause for a brief soment at the doo They lock down the corridor to the direction they came in Two klowns are racing toward them, their escape route is blocked.
70) 1) dialog: Look !! What do we do? Dave tosses Mike a revolver, points his shotgun toward th oncoming klowns.
71) 0) text: They run to the end of the corridor, DEAD END. No doors, hallways, just a FIREMAN‘S POLE extending through the cei and floor. Mike and Debbie stand there, dumfounded.
71) 1) dialog: What now?
71) 3) dialog: Hey, we don’t know what’s down there. Debbie pushes him out of the way. She leaps onto the pole
71) 5) text: 138 1399 Debbie slides down the sole ints the darkness below. Mike about to follow. Dave sees a klown raund the corner.
71) 9) dialog: Which way? Dave Does it matter? That way! With their first step. the corridor becomes alive. Tiltin and swaying back and forth knocking them around.
72) 2) dialog: This isn't getting us anywhere.
72) 5) dialog: Figure what out. You don‘t where the bell we are. We could be running around in circles.
72) 8) dialog: What are you talking about. One decor is as good as another. Mike grabs a doorknob and swings a door open. Standing in door frame are three LARGE KLOWNS listening at the door. straighten up and start to move toward them. Mike jumps to the side, yells to Dave who blasts at them his shotgun. Mike slams the door, sounds of klowns disintegrating. They’re safe. 4 fist breaks through and grabs Debbie's foot. She falls the ground, kicking and screaming. Mike and Dave run ta h Dave can’t shoot for fear of hitting Deobie. Mike tugs an Debbie, trying to free her. Debbie is kicking wildly.
72) 12) dialog: What?
74) 2) dialog: Not another door! What more can happen? Behind them they hear HORNS honking. They turn to see a h of klowns on the hunt, running down the candy stripped ha toward them.
74) 3) dialog: 
74) 5) dialog: 
74) 7) dialog: 
75) 0) text: Dave is holding the door closed. He takes his shotgun ang wedges it against the door, blocking it shut. Mike and De turn around, shocked. We pull back and revea » they are. standing in an immense PLAYGROUND ARENA. .
75) 5) dialog: Shoot’em Dave! Shoot ‘em!
75) 8) dialog: The Terenzi Bros. Boto speaks. BOBO (v.c.) Stop! Leave them alone. The klowns are confused. We hear the Terenzis arguing ove the loudspeaker. . BOBO (v.o0.} Paul: Um, um, I ah... Rich: Give me the mike. I am the great and powerful Bobo. I command you to stop. Do not hurt them, let them go! You will obey se. Let them ga! Paul? Hey, give me back the mike. Rich: No way, it was my idea. Paul: What do you mean, it was my idea. The klowns back off. Seizing the opportunnitys Mike, Debb and Dave race down the platform, through the klowns to th truck. They greet the Terenzi Bros.
75) 9) dialog: Am I glad to see you. How did you know we were here?
75) 14) dialog: What the hell is going an? Debbie points upward.
75) 17) dialog: It’s no use. We’re stuck!
78) 0) text: Mike and Debbie run away as electrical flashes and sparks grow behind them. EXT. AMUSEMENT PIER PARKING LOT — NIGHT t51 Mike is pulling Debbie along side of him as they run.
78) 1) dialog: Come on. We got to get out of nere. Debbie stumbles and they both fall to the ground. They Scramble behind a bench.
79) 0) text: SNAP, SNAP. The support cables and lights hanging from th tent are released fram the ground and drasn in towards th center of the tent/ship. It begins to rotate Slowly. From inside, lights are flashing as the whirlwind is continuin EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT i353 Head lights sweep across the bench where Mike and Deobie hiding. It is the State Police. Mike and Debbie run over them. Mike and Debbie look back, astonished. The ship rotates a slowly rises cut of the ground. The ship is shaped like a huge diamond. Like a iceberg, nine tenths of it’s mass is hidden beneath the surface. EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK — NIGHT 154 There’s a loud whirring sound as the glowing diamond ship rises over the pier and moves into the night sky. The ali ship takes off in full view of everyone and disappears in the night sky. EXT. POLICE CAR ~- NIGHT ‘ i55 Mike and Debbie are standing by one af the police cars. Debbie is leaning on the car sobbing. The state troopers over ta them.
79) 2) dialog: I don’t want to go through it all again. Mike consoles Debbie as they lean on the car. The trooper locks on, unable to help. Everyone is quiet. The Silence braken by unearthly sounds, weird yells and screams. Two police men turn toward the amusement pier.
79) 5) dialog: STOP! Don’t shoot. Mike runs to the front line. He focuses on the two wailin figures approaching. His face brightens. The formidable figures come into the light of the headlig
79) 6) dialog: They’re nat clowns. That’s the Terenzi brothers. It’s Rich and Paul, covered from head to toe with pelted cream. They have colored streamers and sparkles plastered over thea.
79) 8) dialog: You crazy bastards, you made it! You're alive!
79) 12) text: Mike gras the Terenzis and holds them close.
79) 13) dialog: The Terenzi Bros. you guys are like cats. The Terenzi Bros. soak up the attention. They look at e@a Proudly.