5) 5) dialog: {v.0.? Let’s take a break, cool off those hot lips with cur tasty frozen fruity bars, icy wiceys, fudgey wudgey bars, and everyone's favorite frozen delight, the Big Stick. (More giggles from the truck.) The lovers start screaming obscenities at the ice cream vendors. Some heads pop up from the cars.
5) 7) dialog: (weGe.) Oh yeah. Paul turns to Rich, pleased with himself.
5) 11) dialog: (v.a.) This is your last chance, dors anybody want any ice cream? The response is a storm of beer cans and obscenities. bi 13
5) 15) dialog: What do you mean, it was your idea. (whispers) 3 Why don't we park here for a while? ? Two fat but cute girls emerge from the rear of the truck holding popsicles. TRACY and STACY the pork chop twins.
5) 22) dialog: Take it easy, Keep your shirt on.
6) 0) text: The truck begins to pull away. Through the loudspeaker we hear; RICH (¥.0.) This worked cut just great. PAUL (v.a.} Well don’t blame me, I didn’t want to come here. RICH (v.02) Anh, we drove all the way up here, we didn’t sell any ice cream. How we gonna pay for gas? PAUL (v.02) Uh, IT don’t know. Do you want to try the Drive-In? They love ice cream at drive-ins. RICH (v.0.) New, that’s dumb...maybe we could sell some ice cream...what’s Playing? The ice cream truck drives away and heads back towards to
45) 0) text: From an alley, twe young girls run screaming. Behind them, bursting from the darkness, a HUGE KLOWN SHA them. They split to the sides as the thing tears out of t Mike and Dave are shocked at this new klown horror. The KLOWN DEMON races across the intersection. It is the BOBO Happy Time ice cream truck, sith no one driving. Close behind race two figures clad in white uniforms. It’s Rich & Paul Terenzi.
48) 2) dialog: Don’t yell at me. You were driving.
48) 4) dialog: Can’* you do just one thing right. le see Bike enters. Mike grads them The brothers ar Aich and Paul
48) 7) dialog: yy idea? Your the one that said se could get girls this way.
48) 10) dialog: Hew Mike, how you doing? Want some . ice cream? We got lots of Dip Cicles left. by the shoulders.
48) 19) dialog: (seriously) Who says we're crazy? 1s Pissed and grabs the two of then.
48) 22) dialog: Well we haven‘t solid that much ice cream tonight.
48) 27) dialog: Do they like ice cream? Mike is losing his patience.
54) 1) dialog: Klowns from another planet? Sounds Pretty weird to me. Tell me sore about Debbie’s roomaates.
54) 7) dialog: We're not as stupid as we look. Mike gives up.
54) 9) dialog: . Remesber Hidden Lake.
55) 0) text: Mike, Rich and Paul look at each other with blank stares. PaUL (stuttering ala Porky Pig? Thee thee. that’s all folks!
56) 11) dialog: What about her roommates?
60) 0) text: They ’re racing along. Paul locks in the side mirror and the police car with sirens blaring. Paul (frantic) . Hey Rich, The cops. Stop the truck! Mike reacts.
61) 0) text: The Ice Creams truck stops in the middle of the raaa. The police car comes screeching and smashes into the rear end the truck. INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK — NIGHT 121 The boys recover fram the impact. Paul Oh shit! Rich, now you did it!
61) 2) dialog: T told you ta pull over.
63) 5) dialog: Looks like a wad of melted ice crean. Dave notices a fiashiight with a gnarled skeieton hand attached.
64) 3) dialog: (fooling around) OOOWNW, scary!!
64) 13) dialog: Maybe they’re Just cruising through the galaa and stopped here for a bite to eat. The group stops in their tracks and looks at Paul. Maybe is right. Dave breaks the spell.
65) 0) text: The group walks through a corridor filled with wanky mirr Their reflections bend and contort with every step. Mike and Dave do not react to their reflections. Rich and Paul are amused, watching their distorted reflections met amor Phosing. Behind one mirror a killer klown can be seen watching the every move. It sneers an evil grin.
66) 0) text: The group enters another room, this one has a stream of s floating above tneir heads with shafts of light beaming through. They feel their way along the wall, slowly. Paul sees a LARGE RED BUTTON on the wall. He looks at it inquisitively, then presses it. @ blast of COLORED SMOKE shoots up from the floor under M lifting him in the air. He screams, dropping the light. 129 ~89- They all scream. Fike hits the ground, they all gather ar hia. Dave asks Mike.
67) 0) text: Rich and Paul land hard in a sea of multi-colored foam ba They shake themselves off. Look up, then arcund to get th bearings. They look at what they’ve landed on then at eac other. 130 131 In frant of the guys, two pairs of klown taet slowly desc The boys lock up. Standing before them are twa UGLY FEMALE KLOWNS with big tits, they smile at the boys. Rich and Paul sit there helpless. Paul smiles. PALL. Are wou Debbie’s rocasates?
75) 12) dialog: We thought we were breaking out. Dave interrupts.
76) 1) dialog: I don’t want to play here anymore, let’s go home. Rich tries te start the stalled truck again.