5) 8) dialog: That‘’s teliing him Paul. More obscenities from the crowd.
5) 14) dialog: Great idea Paul, everybody loves ice cream.
5) 19) dialog: I told you they weren't that stupid.
6) 0) text: The truck begins to pull away. Through the loudspeaker we hear; RICH (¥.0.) This worked cut just great. PAUL (v.a.} Well don’t blame me, I didn’t want to come here. RICH (v.02) Anh, we drove all the way up here, we didn’t sell any ice cream. How we gonna pay for gas? PAUL (v.02) Uh, IT don’t know. Do you want to try the Drive-In? They love ice cream at drive-ins. RICH (v.0.) New, that’s dumb...maybe we could sell some ice cream...what’s Playing? The ice cream truck drives away and heads back towards to
45) 0) text: From an alley, twe young girls run screaming. Behind them, bursting from the darkness, a HUGE KLOWN SHA them. They split to the sides as the thing tears out of t Mike and Dave are shocked at this new klown horror. The KLOWN DEMON races across the intersection. It is the BOBO Happy Time ice cream truck, sith no one driving. Close behind race two figures clad in white uniforms. It’s Rich & Paul Terenzi.
48) 1) dialog: You idiot, you left the truck in gear.
48) 3) dialog: What, IT gotta dco everything.
48) 6) dialog: This whole ice cream thing was your idea.
48) 8) dialog: No I didn’t. You did! Paul Ne, wou did!
48) 13) dialog: 
48) 17) dialog: (to Paul) And they say we’re crazy. looks at Mike.
48) 18) dialog: Sea? smiles then thinks.
48) 23) dialog: We haven’t sald any. releases his hold an the two. I¢ seems hopeless. ~e8-
48) 25) dialog: Does she have any roommates? Mike thinks cf a lie to fool them.
48) 30) dialog: What are we waiting for? The brothers hop into the truck, Mike follows. In the cab the truck Rich and Paul start arguing about who will driv Rich takes the wheel and Paul argues as they drive away. INT. DEBBIE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT bo) Debbie is in the shower. She soaps herself and reaches up takes the shower massager and moves the pulsating stream water across her body.
54) 0) text: Mike is sitting in the front cab with the Terenzi brother an their way to Deboie’s house. Rich is driving. Mike is still trying to convince the guys that there are killer klowns.
54) 5) dialog: Oh now I’m insulted, ! never been go insulted in all ay life. PaUL Sure you have.
54) 6) dialog: Look, cocoons, popcorn guns, monster shadows. What do you think we are?
54) 8) dialog: This isn’t the first wild thing you’ve tried to put over on us.
54) 11) dialog: We would have to be total acrons to believe this klawn invasion crap. PaUuL Yeah, if there are killer klowns running around, then I’m Porky Pig. The ice cream truck turns the corner. Screeches to a halt All three look and see: EXT. STREET - NIGHT : 1o5 In the street before them, a large VACUUM TYPE MACHINE is maving down the center of the street. It is a wanky, bulb machine with a klown perched an top Operating a swinging with a huge vacuum hose. Klowns emerge from the buildings, carrying cocoons and balloons. The cocoons are elaced in the street to be suck up while the balloons are placed in racks on the back of vacuum machine. The kiowns continue with their ghastly ta in a methodical manner. 106 107 ~79~ & middie aged man bolts cut of hiding and makes a mad das down the street away from the machine. & klown turns, sees the fleeing victim, sulls out it’s pu raw gun anc blasts the man. Mike, Rich and Paul see the man hit with a pink ray and @nveloped in a COTTON CANDY COCOON. It falls to the groun front of their truck.
55) 0) text: Mike, Rich and Paul look at each other with blank stares. PaUL (stuttering ala Porky Pig? Thee thee. that’s all folks!
56) 9) dialog: Wow, iook at that.
59) 2) dialog: What do you want? This is an ice cream truck not a Formula one racer. But here goes. 118 EXT. STREET ~ NIGHT 11a The truck surges forward. Dave’s police car closes the ga
60) 0) text: They ’re racing along. Paul locks in the side mirror and the police car with sirens blaring. Paul (frantic) . Hey Rich, The cops. Stop the truck! Mike reacts.
61) 0) text: The Ice Creams truck stops in the middle of the raaa. The police car comes screeching and smashes into the rear end the truck. INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK — NIGHT 121 The boys recover fram the impact. Paul Oh shit! Rich, now you did it!
61) 1) dialog: T did it? What do you mean? You told me to stop!
61) 3) dialog: No you didn’t, you told me stop; so : I stopped. PAUL. I meant pull over.
61) 4) dialog: Tf you meant pull over, you shoulda said Pull over! Mike ignores the brothers and hops out of the truck.
62) 5) dialog: Gee I’m really sorry officer, I was feeling a little queasy. I have a.
63) 4) dialog: Hey,» look at this stuff! Mike and Dave join them.
64) 10) dialog: (thinking aloud) Maybe they’re from a dying planet. Maybe their sun socped out and they need a new place to live.
65) 0) text: The group walks through a corridor filled with wanky mirr Their reflections bend and contort with every step. Mike and Dave do not react to their reflections. Rich and Paul are amused, watching their distorted reflections met amor Phosing. Behind one mirror a killer klown can be seen watching the every move. It sneers an evil grin.
66) 4) dialog: No problem, we can handle it. Dave throws the brothers a dubious glance. He turns to th door, pauses then throws the door open. SWISHHH, The Tere brothers drap from sight through the floor. Dave and Mike turn to see the brothers gone.
67) 0) text: Rich and Paul land hard in a sea of multi-colored foam ba They shake themselves off. Look up, then arcund to get th bearings. They look at what they’ve landed on then at eac other. 130 131 In frant of the guys, two pairs of klown taet slowly desc The boys lock up. Standing before them are twa UGLY FEMALE KLOWNS with big tits, they smile at the boys. Rich and Paul sit there helpless. Paul smiles. PALL. Are wou Debbie’s rocasates?
75) 11) dialog: We didn’t.
79) 10) dialog: Oh that. We hid in the freezer. With 200 lbs of dry ice... PAUL. Froze our asses off.
79) 11) dialog: If it weren’t for the fire, we'd be twa dead popsicles. sh oa