50) 3) text: Be aoe sp ry ur Black Biker Hey look at what we have here. ocooohh, it's Big Bad Bozo coming to town. One especially large biker, SLUG, is watching with his al lady, SHEILA. Slug gets off his bike and makes his way to the klown pushing through the other bikers.
50) 5) dialog: Watch this. Slug steps up to the klown.
50) 6) dialog: Hew clowny: mean bike you got there. The klown reaches out and hanks the little horn on his handlebars. BEEP BEEP. Slug looks back at his gang with a mocking sneer. He turn back to the klawn and runs his hand gently on the tricycl
50) 7) dialog: You know bud, you sure are one ugly clown, but this is one fine machine you got here. Bet vou tear up the road with this beauty. Can I take a ride pal? The klown shakes his head no. It rattles.
50) 8) dialog: Oh please, pretty please. ['1l taxe real good care of it. The klawn shakes, No. Slug turns tc his gang, sad. Then b ta the klown.
50) 9) dialog: (disappointed) If [£ can’t ride it can [ beep the horn? The kiown nods, Yes. Slug rears up, hands clasped. bl Revised 4/7/87
50) 10) dialog: Ohe thank you. Slug reaches down slowly; grabs the handlebars and wildly smashes the tricycle on the savement. The gang hocts anc cheers madly. The klown stands by, passively watching Slug bash his bik into a tangled heap. Slug drops the mess down in front of the klown. @ black biker from the crowd whispers to an associate.
50) 12) dialog: Ob I’m sorry. I seem to have broken your bike. The klown loaks down at the mess. The bikers laugh. From the back of the crowd Sheila yells.
50) 14) dialog: Why I think f will tweek that big ol’red nose of yours. Slug reaches down for the nose. The klown quickly grabs his wrist, hoiding it still, righ front of his nose. Slug grimaces in pain, surprised by the little klown’s strength. Slug can’t back down with his gang watching. He musters all his strength and breaks free. Slug pulls aut Switchblade.
50) 15) dialog: Ok clowny face. I’m gonna cut that nose off and give it to my girl. 2100 101 Sheila seiles. Slug tosses the knife back and forth between his hands. T klown jumps out of frase. The klown lands back in frame wearing CARTOON BOXING GLOV He bops around in a zany sparring routine, poking, jabbin and sometimes hitting himself in the head. The gang is amused. Slug becomes bold again, edged on by crowd.