77) 5) dialog: He fine by himself, mon. Da Pope don't like charity. Creedy looks back at the kid, who shall now be known as
85) 5) dialog: Top a da mohnin'.
101) 0) text: Gideon and TWO MEN secure their "harnesses" in the hold. Quinn belts up in the copilot seat, Colleen next to him. casts a glance at her. She notices.
104) 2) dialog: And it takes our mind off dis crazy shit.
114) 0) text: Gideon and his cohorts insert themselves into the harness BRACES over their legs; METAL RODS along their chests; RI attached to their stomachs; PACKS on their back.
116) 0) text: Quinn watches, perplexed, as Gideon goes to the CARGO PASSENGER DOOR on the right. Gideon flashes a smile.
116) 1) dialog: You wanna dance wid da Devil, you gotta walk wid da Lord... He opens the cargo door. Then, with the grace of a cliff diver, he LEAPS OUT.
117) 0) text: Gideon falls, his two pals right behind him. Bodies rigid they hurtle zoward the ground like knives. Gideon mouths a countdown, then grabs the two METAL RODS run along his chest. What follows is instantaneous: He flips out his hands and the metal rods... His legs do a SCISSOR KICK; the leg braces lock with a SN (CONTINUED)
124) 0) text: Gideon removes what looks like a staff from his stomach. see it is an incredibly LONG RIFLE. A CANNISTER WITH SPIK (a "Sonic Grenade") is fit snugly into the barrel. THE TWO OTHER HANGLIDERS (ARCHANGELS #1 & #2) follow suit 55.
138) 5) dialog: holds out his rifle, takes aim.
138) 6) dialog: All right, snake... (Finger tightens on trigger) .-here's mud in your ear. He FIRES! (CONTINUED)
151) 5) dialog: No good, Coll! We're too far down!
179) 0) text: Danny pulls pints from old beer kegs, serves them to the firemen and Van Zan's militia. Creedy grabs some glasses, carries them to Van Zan, who sits at the "table of honor" Gideon stands atop the council table, reciting the day's exploits like a medieval bard. Eddie accompanies him on a bodahrun (irish drum).
179) 1) dialog: .+..and you who saw this today: remember it. Tell it to your children. Tell dem about de man who shook hands wid Destiny. (Points at Van Zan.) De St. George of Cincinnati. (Cheers from the crowd) De Beowulf of da Bronx! (Louder cheers.)
190) 9) dialog: He picked it... The fight quickly degenerates into a brutal mano e mano street brawl. Neither English or Americans dare interfere Easily the better fighter, Van Zan slams Quinn with a ser of blows that sends him to the ground. But Quinn won't quit. He rises, charges the man, knocks h back. Van Zan pulls a reversal, hurls Quinn into the tank Quinn slumps painfully, but catches himself before fallin He shakily regains his footing, faces off with Van Zan ag
200) 0) text: Gideon and the other Archangels sit fidgeting anxiously w their harnesses. Colleen speaks into the headset.
217) 0) text: Colleen takes off with Eddie, Andy, Gideon and the "angel readying themselves in their harnesses. CHOIR VOICES OVER P.A. King of Kings!
226) 0) text: Colleen and Gideon take off in the Mosquito, parked nearb Quinn and Creedy drive off in the Salamander. Van Zan sta atop its crow's nest like a conquering general coming hom
227) 0) text: The sky's pitch black. The only light comes from the dyin fires which dot the battle field below. Gideon sits in th tailgunner's seat, holding the polaroid camera seen earli
227) 1) dialog: Do one pass for me, wouldja?
227) 3) dialog: We ain't gonna be able to chronicle dis one wid words.
228) 0) text: The Mosquito swoops over the area. CLICK-FLASH. The cockp LIGHTS UP with the flash of Gideon's camera as he takes pictures of the battlefield. CLICK-FLASH. CLICK-FLASH... Almost in answer, LIGHTENING flashes back.
229) 0) text: Gideon's lap is covered with polaroids. He stares down fo one final shot...and freezes.
229) 4) dialog: Sweet Jesus... : FLASH! Lightening LIGHTS UP THE SKY, like God taking his photo. Just for a second, it illuminates
231) 1) dialog: (Utterly pale) I think she wants her horn back.
233) 0) text: Gideon mans the tailgun, begins to FIRE.
235) 1) dialog: She's gaining! (CONTINUED)
237) 2) dialog: Get your chute on! Gideon opens the canopy.
238) 0) text: SHOOM! Gideon is catapulted into the cloudy air. He pulls his chute cord...the chute BLOSSOMS open...
239) 0) text: Colleen struggles to maintain control of the burning plan EXT. SKY - By GIDEON - NIGHT Gideon looks around. Caught at night in the cloudbank, he floating completely blind...and utterly defenseless. For a long moment, just the RUSH OF THE WIND. And then, something else...a WHOOSH of what might be wing He opens his eyes. He still can't see anything. WHOOSH. Was that a shape through the clouds? Gideon nervously pulls his last weapon...a .45 revolver. (CONTINUED)
239) 3) dialog: Come on. Come on come on come on... The fire-rattle gets LOUDER. What could be a shape passes nearby. Gideon FIRES! The rattle STOPS. Gideon floats down through the cloudbreak into the clear He can see again. For a moment, he seems relieved. But then, he looks down... .»..and sees THE ASHLEY'S MOUTH COMING RIGHT UP AT HIM! Gideon SCREAMS! And a PHOSPHOROUS BLAST TURNS HIS CHUTE INTO A BLOOM OF F