2) 0) text: A wall clock, keeping time. It’s cozy in here, but not warm. A palpable chill hangs o the lived-in parlor. Nobody’s been by in some time. Four beaming, airbrushed faces in a framed photograph on mantelpiece. Father, mother, two-point-five kids. The glass on the frame is just barely frosted over. ANGLE on the FRONT DOOR. From outside: A pair of muted FOOTSTEPS. The adjacent window QUIVERS as a small SCREWDRIVER slides underneath the sill. It’s a tight fit. The screwdriver’s shaft SCISSORS back a forth, slowly forcing its way through. GRINDING the sill’ hardwood base into FLAKES, misting through the air like s A GLOVED HAND reaches into the newly formed crevice, angl its way toward the front door. TWISTING the LOCK... The door swings open, revealing a MAN, early 30s, on the porch. He wears a fleece jacket, baggy workman jeans and hiking boots. Thick-framed glasses. Average build. This is DEL. He scuffs his boots on the floor mat. Surveys the room. His eyes land on the ticking wall clock. He plucks the cl from its moorings. Removes the batteries. The ticking sound abruptly dies. He re-hangs the clock. Straightens it. He deposits the batteries in a zip-lock bag. Folds the ba into the front pocket of a worn Kipling backpack. Swings backpack over his shoulder. The ape keychain dangles at Del’s side, open-mouthed in a state of perpetual awe.
3) 0) text: Del rummages clinically through the empty home. He strips the batteries from the smoke alarm. From Daddy' electric toothbrush. From the kids’ toy RCs and night lig and mobile gaming consoles. From Mommy’s vibrator. He neglects the wad of cash on the dresser. The jewelry. flat-screen television. He scans the bookshelf, index finger outstretched. Plucks the more obscure titles. He removes the family portrait from its frame. Sets the f upright just where he found it.
4) 0) text: Del kneels in the grass, a surgical mask over his nose an mouth. He’s spray-painting a large white X across the law He gets to his feet. Brushes the dirt from his knees. Str off his gloves, revealing two pale, bony hands. We pull back to see every single house on the block, all way to the end of the street, marked with the exact same
4) 1) text: Del stands at the edge of the water, stark naked, hosing himself down with a portable camping shower. EXT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Six buckets of fresh lake water rattle in the rear enclos of Del’s pick-up truck. Del brakes at an intersection. Looks both ways. Continues
5) 0) text: Del coasts the aisles with a shopping cart. Most of the grocery’s stock is still in place, though the fluorescent lights, fridges and freezers are down. He checks expiration dates. Takes only what he needs.
6) 0) text: Del’s truck pulls to a stop outside the town library.
7) 0) text: Del replenishes the AAA batteries in his Brother P-Touch® Label Maker. He traverses the stacks, adding the books from his haul t the library’s inventory. Labeling them with their proper Dewey Decimal codes.
8) 0) text: A wide assortment of plants, shrubs and vegetation. Del circulates, spritzing each of them with water. He listens closely. The roots purr and gurgle under their soil, lapping up the new liquid. He savors the sound.
9) 0) text: Del pilots a heavy-duty street sweeper up and down the ro its twin brushes WHIRRING and GRINDING.
9) 1) text: Del sits on the floor, piecing together a complicated jig puzzle of a nautical tableau. We pull back to discover the room is carpeted with a seemingly endless collection of puzzles, all completed.
10) 0) text: The sun’s last light casts intense and powerful streaks across the sky. A lone sailboat bobs on the ocean’s surfa Del’s bare feet hang from the boat’s edge as he reads one his books. His nose swathed in layers of sunblock. His fishing rod STIRS. Del JUMPS. He abandons his book, grabbing hold of the rod and reelin his line, mad with excitement.
11) 0) text: A toy aquarium, battery-operated, filled with plastic clownfish and glowing neon blue water. Del’s curled up on a hammock in the darkness, munching on well-balanced meal of cooked fish, brown rice and veggies He watches an old screwball comedy on a laptop. Chuckles through mouthfuls of food. He keeps an eye on the laptop’s battery power. It’s dwind at nineteen percent. A mammoth pile of unused laptops and portable DVD players rests beside his hammock, stacked like pancakes.
12) 0) text: Del spreads out on a blanket, gazing up at the nighttime Every single star is visible, every constellation defined awesome natural panorama that belongs to Del and Del alon He falls asleep smiling.
12) 1) text: Del shaves in the mirror. Clips his fingernails. Tweezes eyebrows. Swabs the wax from his ears. He pops two gummy vitamins.
13) 0) text: Del jogs past rows and rows of suburban houses marked wit his white xX. He crosses into a new part of town, where the front lawns still bare. Unexplored territory. Del stops to catch his breath. He scans the area. Listens Hears movement. He turns, alarmed. It’s the window blinds from a nearby house. They’re rustl scratching softly against the glass... Somebody’s inside. Del approaches the porch, moving furtively. He presses his ear to the door. From the other side -- something’s CLAWING against the do paneling. Something low to the ground. Del thinks. He turns the knob. The door’s unlocked. He pushes it open A small DOG bursts forth, wild with newfound freedom. Paw frantically at Del’s leg. Eyes wide and watery. It’s a pug, and a fat one at that. Filthy. Rabid with ene And its sharp talons, long ungroomed and ill-maintained, DEEP into Del’s SKIN... Del shakes the thing off his leg. Nudges it outside with leg. Shuts the door behind him.
14) 0) text: Del instantly GAGS. This place REEKS. It’s PUTRID. Flies circling in droves. Dog shit everywhere. Del whips the surgical mask over his nose and mouth. He breathes heavily, his eyes pooling from the stench. He makes his way through the house. Steps over a big, bul bag of DOG KIBBLE -- year’s supply -- it’s been CLAWED IN He proceeds cautiously into the kitchen. The flies’ buzzi amplifies, grows DEAFENING... There it is. Slumped across the tiled floor, contorted in awkward, awful position... a BODY. A woman. Very old. Very dead. Del processes the gruesome scene. He continues into the living room. There’s a second body, slouched over in a leather armchai Head facing away from Del and toward the defunct televisi A halo of flies overhead, almost angelic. The husband. Also very old. Also very dead. The TV remote still locked in his hand. Del pulls away the surgical mask. Squats down to meet the rotting corpse face-to-face. The man’s eyes are marbled over, glazed white. Del shimmies the remote from the man’s ice-cold hand. Pop out the batteries. Pockets them.
15) 0) text: Del hops over the woman’s body to the trash drawer. Extra the garbage bags all at once. He sweeps up the mess. Scrubs the floor. Collects the dog droppings and scattered pet food into the bags. He yanks the rug out from under the furniture. Tears out shower curtain. Wraps the bodies into them, burrito-style He pulls the couple’s yellowed wedding portrait from its frame. They look youthful, happy. He replaces the empty frame on the bureau.
15) 1) text: Del takes out the trash. He pauses at the sight of the fat pug dog, sitting eagerl the curb. Staring back at him. Tail wagging. INT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Del loads the bodies into the back of his truck. The dog’s seated in the passenger seat, gazing out somber at the newly sprayed white X on its owners’ lawn.
16) 0) text: Del off-loads the bodies into the dirt.
17) 0) text: Del digs a hole with a well-worn shovel. The dog watches at his side, panting. INT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Del returns to his truck. He looks in the side mirror. The dog’s pacing the woods in circles, sniffing around at patch of fresh grave. Del starts his car. The dog looks up. Del turns away. Starts driving. The dog barks, strained. Chases after the truck with effo its stubby legs giving out easily. Del accelerates, staring forward. The dog’s barking grows distant in his wake. He flinches. Takes his foot off the gas. Allows the dog t catch up to him.
18) 0) text: Del dumps a bucket of water over the dog. He grooms the dog’s nails with a small pair of scissors. He peeks under the dog’s hood. It’s male. He prints out a label. Affixes it to the dog’s new collar. “NAME: DEWEY.”
19) 0) text: Del walks Dewey on a leash. Dewey circles a fire hydrant with mild interest.
20) 0) text: Del and Dewey play fetch. Dewey moves very slowly.
21) 0) text: Del eats a home-cooked meal at a cluster of desks, readin library book on pet care. Dewey lingers at his feet. Del feeds him a baby carrot. INT. CHILDREN’S SECTION - LIBRARY - NIGHT Del installs Dewey in an enclosed pen outfitted with bean cushions and a bowl of water. Dewey roams the perimeter, restless. Del exits.
22) 0) text: Del picks from an assortment of colorful chew toys. Tests their squeaking capabilities. INT. CHILDREN’S SECTION - LIBRARY - DAY Del returns to Dewey’s pen with a shopping bag filled wit toys and treats. He stops. The bean bags are TORN APART. Beans EVERYWHERE. Water bowl OVERTURNED. The pen’s BREACHED... Dewey’s GONE Del rounds a corner. A shred of paper catches on his shoe inspects it -- it’s a page from a picture book. Ripped apart. Destroyed. He looks ahead. Sees the remnants of an entire stock of children’s books, all RIPPED to SHREDS. Del panics. He sinks to his hands and knees. Tries to gat the scraps and re-order them. It’s a hollow task. They’re all ruined. Del starts to tear up. He turns. Dewey’s gazing at him. Munching on one of the pages. Unrepentant. Del takes a deep breath. INT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Del drives, steadfast. In the passenger seat: An overflowing trash bag filled wi every last one of the pet supplies. He peers in the rearview. Dewey stares back at him, curio
23) 0) text: Del parks his car for the evening. He’s alone now. INT. CHILDREN’S SECTION - LIBRARY - NIGHT Del surveys the empty space where Dewey’s pen once was. He smooths out the creases in the carpet.
24) 0) text: Del re-files the books on pet care.
25) 0) text: Del watches another old screwball comedy. He doesn’t laugh. Shuts the laptop. 10.
26) 0) text: It’s a windy day at sea. Del’s sailboat rocks with the wa swaying up and down. Del shrouds himself in a blanket.
27) 0) text: Del eats dinner in silence.
28) 0) text: Del stares at the plastic fish in his toy aquarium, swimm back and forth, smiles etched on their faces. He turns on his side in the hammock. Tries to sleep. Just then: A low RASP. Barely audible. Del perks up. He scrambles to his TRANSISTOR RADIO. Tunes to the correct frequency. The sound sharpens. It’s a VOICE.
28) 4) dialog: (weak) No. Del takes his finger off the button.
28) 5) dialog: No. He SMASHES the RADIO. 11.
28) 6) dialog: No. He chokes. Hyperventilates. Inhales sharply.
28) 7) dialog: Oh god. Oh god. Suddenly: BANG. BANG. BANG. From outside. Sounds like a HAIL of GUNFIRE. Del BOLTS.
29) 0) text: Del rushes out onto the roof, just in time to catch the mighty FIREWORKS DISPLAY on the HORIZON. The night sky is RIDDLED with TECHNICOLOR. The stars flus away, overwhelmed by the dramatic BARRAGE of LIGHT and SO Rockets soaring upward and rippling through the atmospher exploding violently, shredding the heavens... It’s BLINDI Del shields his face. Covers his ears. Screams. His voice is DROWNED OUT.
30) 0) text: Del barricades the door. Blacks out the window with thick strips of duct tape, immersing himself in TOTAL DARKNESS. We can still hear the fireworks in full force outside. Del locks himself in a stall, curling his knees up into h chest. He gropes a SWITCHBLADE in his hand. His grip is shaky, unstable. The knife drops to the floor landing with a small CLINK. Del shuts his eyes. Takes a series of deep breaths.
30) 1) dialog: (in SOTTO) Please. Please no. 12.
32) 0) text: Del wakes up. It’s quiet outside. He takes a peek through the window. The skies are clear.
33) 0) text: Del sidles out from the library’s double doors. There’s no one in sight. He listens closely. Hears a sound, very distant. It’s a CAR ALARM.
34) 0) text: A terrible wreck. There’s a STATION WAGON up on the curb, FLATTENED under a felled LAMPPOST. Windshield SMASHED IN. Engine FUMING. The alarm BLARES. Del approaches cautiously, knife outstretched. The driver's incapacitated. Maybe dead. Del squints for a better look. The driver is female. Almo certainly the woman from the radio. He edges closer. She’s young. Late teens or so. Gash on h forehead. Looks nasty. Probably dead. Del opens the car door. 13. The body slumps out into Del’s arms. He checks for a pulse... Her eyes flicker open. They stare at one another.
35) 0) text: Del unzips the suitcases. Sifts through the wrinkled clot and toiletries. He uncovers a weathered PHOTO of a FAMILY. Taped together places -- it looks as if it’s been torn up before. The girl. Her mother, father, little sister. All smiles. Underneath, he finds a newer series of overexposed Polaro selfies taken at various iconic national landmarks. In ea of them, the girl mugs for the camera with a ridiculous f He lingers on a photo taken at the crest of the Grand Can She's sticking her tongue out at him. This is GRACE. 14.
36) 3) dialog: Is there anyone else?
36) 5) dialog: Answer my question, please.
36) 7) dialog: Is there anyone else?
36) 9) dialog: I know that already. 15.
36) 12) dialog: Is there anybody else?
36) 14) dialog: Anywhere? Grace’s eyes narrow in on the door.
36) 16) dialog: Anywhere? There’s a hint of panic in his voice. Grace processes. She exhales slowly.
36) 18) dialog: It's just you?
36) 20) dialog: That’s all?
36) 22) dialog: Why are you still alive? 16.
37) 0) text: Del stands on the other end of the door, watching Grace through the peephole’s fishbowl POV. Grace looks directly at him.
38) 0) text: Grace waits. Finally, Del speaks up.
38) 1) dialog: What about the gun?
38) 3) dialog: The gun in your glove compartment.
38) 5) dialog: Against who?
38) 7) dialog: That won’t happen.
38) 9) dialog: Because it doesn’t happen.
38) 12) dialog: I can’t yet.
38) 14) dialog: I’m going to unlock the door. That'll cue you to start counting to fifteen Mississippi. I’1l be counting too, from farther away. After fifteen Mississippi you can open the door. I won’t be here. Don’t look for me.
38) 16) dialog: There's a car outside, it’s got a full tank of gas and all your belongings, minus the gun. You shouldn’t have that.
38) 18) dialog: You have to leave. You have to leave and forget you were ever here and never come back. Please.
38) 20) dialog: I’m going to start counting now.
38) 22) dialog: One Mississippi. 18. The doorknob CLICKS.
38) 23) dialog: I'm leaving now, two Missi-- Grace opens the door. Meets Del head-on. Smirks.
38) 25) dialog: What are you doing?
38) 27) dialog: Please go back inside and close the door, this isn’t right. It’s not what we talked about.
38) 29) dialog: There’s nothing to work around. You're leaving.
38) 31) dialog: No. You were drinking and you crashed your car on my street.
38) 33) dialog: It’s not funny. In your drunken binge you took down a lamppost, and now I have to fix it. That’s going to require substantial renovations and-- and considerable labor--
38) 35) dialog: Yes. Manpower. 19.
38) 37) dialog: Stop that.
38) 39) dialog: Who? Who kept us alive? Grace points upward.
38) 40) dialog: Wow. Okay.
38) 42) dialog: --and multiply,” yes. It’s from the King James Bible, Genesis 1:28, call two twenty fifty-two.
38) 44) dialog: It was an English translation commissioned by King James I in the early sixteenth century-- or maybe the seventeenth--
38) 46) dialog: Genesis 1:28 is where the passage appears in the text.
38) 48) dialog: Two twenty fifty-two. It’s the call number for that edition.
38) 50) dialog: Every book has one.
38) 52) dialog: Yes, I’m very sure. I don’t really have time to talk to you anymore--
38) 54) dialog: Fuck off. Okay? Just... please leave me alone. I have a lot of work to do today. I’m already behind schedule, even without factoring in the lamppost.
38) 56) dialog: The engine’s running in your car. You're wasting gas.
38) 58) dialog: You're making fun of me.
38) 60) dialog: I've gotta go. He turns to leave. Grace’s smile fades.
39) 0) text: Grace steps out into the light. She looks around in awe. Del hands She turns
39) 3) dialog: Yes.
39) 5) dialog: Which ones?
39) 9) dialog: Nope.
39) 11) dialog: I buried them.
39) 13) dialog: No, it’s just tedious. I started with the public spaces. The outdoor areas. Then I moved on to the shops and restaurants and offices. As of late I’ve been clearing out the residences. The town’s population was 9,539. I’m at 8,840. That’s a 92% clearance rate thus far. It’s actually 92.6, but I round down.
39) 15) dialog: Rounding up would be giving myself more credit than I deserve.
39) 17) dialog: (matter-of-fact) They smelled. They were ugly. So I got rid of them. Grace thinks.
39) 19) dialog: That's not possible.
39) 21) dialog: No. I don’t get lonely. 23.
39) 23) dialog: It’s out of my hands.
39) 26) dialog: Okay. How old are you?
39) 28) dialog: Great. So the average age of menopause is fifty-one. That gives us roughly thirty-two years in which we can propagate.
39) 30) dialog: Oh, I’m just getting started. Now best case scenario, my sperm’s hyper-virile, we max out our capacity and have you on rotation twelve months out of the year. Grace winces.
39) 32) dialog: Don’t look at me. I’m just fleshing out your repopulation theory to its logical extreme.
39) 36) dialog: Great. So that’s forty-two of our children that are then obligated to breed with their siblings to further procreate. And due to the heightened risk of developmental disabilities in inbred children, our descendants would have a severely diminished capacity for survival and would likely die out within a matter of one or two generations, max.
39) 38) dialog: Of course I do.
39) 40) dialog: I don’t believe in myth. It’s good literature, that’s all.
39) 42) dialog: I'm a pragmatist. I recommend it highly. Good-bye now-- I’m sorry, what did you say your name was?
39) 44) dialog: Good-bye, Grace Wilkins. Best of luck out there. Del strolls off. 25.
40) 0) text: Del fills his buckets with water. Grace appears beside hi
40) 2) dialog: I don’t need help. I’m 92% done.
40) 4) dialog: Expansion?
40) 6) dialog: I’m not interested in clearing the county or any of the other towns. He gets to his feet.
40) 7) dialog: My obligation starts and ends with this town. It’s my home. It’s been my home as long as I’ve lived. The least I can do is keep it clean.
40) 9) dialog: That's a subjective opinion.
40) 11) dialog: I’m not sure how that’s important.
40) 14) dialog: Why? I’ve been nothing but rude to you all morning.
41) 0) text: Del files books with a pair of noise-cancelling headphone clamped over his ears. Grace trails. He pays her no mind.
41) 3) dialog: Yeah, I do.
41) 5) dialog: That’s great. He fastens the headphones over his ears once more.
42) 0) text: Grace watches from the shore as Del sails. She polishes o beer, crushes the can and chucks it into the water. She raises one hand to eye level. Pinches the sailboat wi her index and middle fingers.
43) 0) text: Del prepares an intricate sushi platter for himself, comp with wasabi, ginger and soy sauce. Grace observes the meal in awe.
43) 2) dialog: It’s salmon sashimi. He nips at the fish with a pair of chopsticks.
43) 5) dialog: No use in speculating. I doubt we'll ever know for sure.
43) 7) dialog: Maybe. Probably not. He sucks his chopstick clean. 28.
43) 9) dialog: I was sleeping.
43) 11) dialog: I worked nights.
43) 13) dialog: Here. I was the night custodian.
43) 15) dialog: It wasn’t so bad. My job was to keep everything in order. I like doing that. And they let me read whatever I wanted in my downtime. It was quiet. It was just me. Grace turns to him.
43) 17) dialog: That’s the second time you've asked me that.
43) 19) dialog: You're curious? He pivots his chair to her.
43) 20) dialog: You really want to know when I felt lonely? I felt lonely when there were 9,538 other people here, all of them looking at me like I was some kind of martian. Keeping their distance. Whispering to each other. That’s when I felt lonely. (MORE )
43) 21) text: He stops. Del nods. She exits. Del folds 29.
43) 22) dialog: Is that what you wanted to hear? Was that answer satisfactory, or would you like to ask me again? Settles.
43) 23) dialog: I didn’t mean to raise my voice.
43) 25) dialog: What?
44) 5) dialog: You should put on your brights. It’s dark out there.
44) 8) dialog: You don’t have to go just yet.
44) 10) dialog: What’s in Niagara Falls?
44) 12) dialog: That’s it?
44) 14) dialog: What happens after that?
44) 16) dialog: Once you've reached Niagara Falls. Where do you go afterwards? Up to Canada, or--? Grace shakes her head.
44) 18) dialog: Can you answer my question?
44) 20) dialog: You shouldn’t go to Niagara Falls. Not yet. You can stay here for a little while, get your bearings.
44) 22) dialog: What kinds of movies do you like?
44) 24) dialog: We have a great catalogue of DVDs back at the library. I watch them on laptops, the portable players, anything I can get my hands on. You could borrow one or two of them sometime. The DVDs, I mean. Drop them off in the return slot when you're finished. (a pause) Do you like comedies?
44) 26) dialog: We've got a whole section that’s just comedy films. And not just the mainstream stuff either. Some of the titles have been out of print for-- well, I guess they’re all out of print now, technically. 32.
44) 28) dialog: I do. At the moment, your leaving here and never ever coming back is a very exciting prospect for me.
44) 30) dialog: But if I’m forced to think about it long-term, I‘1l admit there’s a very slim possibility that there could come a day when I change my mind and decide that I could do with some company after all. But by that point you’d be long gone and it'd be virtually impossible for me to ever find you again.
44) 32) dialog: There’s a terrifying degree of permanency there, don’t you think?
44) 34) dialog: What I’m trying to say is, if you leave now our goose is cooked before it even hatches.
44) 36) dialog: I wouldn't know. I’m a pescatarian.
44) 38) dialog: We'll give it a try. 33.
44) 40) dialog: No, of course I’m not sure. I’m agreeing to a trial period, during which time we set a very strict series of boundaries. As I believe I've said, I take a great civic pride in keeping this town operational, and I can’t risk my daily routine being disrupted-- Grace gets out of the car. Stares at Del for a long beat.
44) 41) dialog: What? What’s wrong? She gives him a big hug. Del tenses uneasily in her grip.
44) 43) dialog: It’s Del.
44) 45) dialog: Yeah. Just Del.
45) 0) text: Del rigs a series of cords around the fallen lamppost. He harnesses them to the back of his truck. He hops in his car. Nudges the gas. The lamppost slowly cranes upright. EXT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Del brakes at the intersection from earlier. To his surprise, a SECOND CAR wipes right past his, blast an upbeat TUNE from the RADIO. Grace gives a friendly wave. She continues down the road the opposite direction. 34. Del shakes it off. Moves along. He glances in his rearview. Pulls a u-turn.
46) 0) text: Del sees Grace’s car parked outside of a house with a bumblebee mailbox. The lawn is unmarked.
47) 0) text: Del hastens inside.
47) 1) dialog: Grace--? All of a sudden, a LARGE MASS plummets out from the secon floor, TUMBLING like a SLINKY down the STAIRCASE, landing right at DEL’S FEET. He looks down. It’s a BODY.
47) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
47) 6) dialog: Wait a minute. Grace doubles back into view.
47) 8) dialog: No. No, it’s not “all right.” He meets her halfway up the staircase. Del sighs.
47) 9) dialog: Let’s get one thing straight. Clearing the houses, that’s my job. I do that by myself. You see an unmarked lawn, you stay away.
47) 11) dialog: And I appreciate that. I really do. But there’s a very particular way that this needs to get done.
47) 13) dialog: Wouldn't you rather just watch a movie or something?
47) 15) dialog: Okay. Follow me.
48) 0) text: Del extracts the batteries from an electric can opener. H drops them into his zip-lock bag.
48) 1) dialog: Batteries. They’re the single most important commodity the dead have to offer.
48) 4) dialog: This next part is crucial. You might want to hold your breath. He removes the trash bag from the garbage drawer. Flings opens the refrigerator, revealing a menagerie of rotted, moldy food items.
48) 7) dialog: Cleaning.
48) 9) dialog: How do I explain this? Okay. In thermodynamics, there's a term called entropy. It’s understood as a measure of disorder, the capacity for randomness in a given system.
48) 11) dialog: But have you ever considered its implications? The more entropy in a system, the more potential for chaos. Variables upon variables. Endlessly unpredictable outcomes. But when you reduce the amount of entropy in a system... He strings up the bag with a tight knot.
48) 12) dialog: You can control for error. With every piece of trash we pick up, that’s one less force for disorder in the universe. 37. He hands Grace the bag. Procures another.
48) 13) dialog: Now imagine a system with no disorder whatsoever. In theory you could predict, with stunning accuracy, most everything that will ever happen within that system.
48) 15) dialog: It’s exactly a vacuum. And so long as we’re committed to serving as agents of order rather than chaos, it stays that way.
48) 17) dialog: It’s comforting. It gives me peace. (a pause) That’s just me though. He moves on to the next room, leaving Grace to process.
49) 0) text: Del peruses the bookshelves. He cradles an extensive handwritten inventory binder in one hand.
49) 2) dialog: Knock yourself out. Grace scans the binder. At first glance, it’s countless p of utter gibberish. She squints. Del’s handwriting is neat, albeit microscopi Additions are painstakingly scrawled into every margin, a with corresponding call numbers.
49) 5) dialog: I’m a completist. Having as full a catalogue as possible is very important to me. He picks a book from the shelf. Examines the back cover. Plops it into his backpack.
49) 7) dialog: Is that a challenge?
49) 9) dialog: You didn’t see anything upstairs, did you? Any books, larger books, maybe by her bedside?
49) 11) dialog: Hm. I’1l be back. He sprints upstairs.
49) 13) dialog: Yes. At the time of her death, Mrs. Lipschitz owed the library over seven hundred dollars in late fees.
49) 15) dialog: One. 39.
50) 0) text: Del searches the bedroom.
50) 2) dialog: This was a special book. Are you familiar with Tolstoy?
50) 4) dialog: No, that was Trotsky. Leo Tolstoy was one of the greatest writers to ever walk the earth.
50) 6) dialog: Regardless. Six years ago Mrs. Lipschitz checked out our best edition of War and Peace. Call five eighty-three sixty or so. Fourteen hundred pages. Leather-bound. He reaches deep into the recesses of the adjacent closet.
50) 7) dialog: She claimed our records were wrong, that she never checked it out in the first place. Eventually we were forced to write it off as a loss. But I always had a feeling... No luck. He withdraws his hand.
50) 8) dialog: shit.
50) 10) dialog: Really?
51) 0) text: Del returns downstairs.
51) 1) dialog: Where is it? Grace nods to a giant tome propping up the sofa’s bum leg Del’s face falls.
51) 4) dialog: She stretched out the leather.
51) 6) dialog: Almost. He bends down, lifts the sofa and replaces the weak leg w a small wooden block.
51) 7) dialog: There.
52) 0) text: Grace lingers in the house. Through the window behind her catch a glimpse of Del spray-painting the front lawn. Her gaze lands on an empty picture frame, sitting upright the mantelpiece. She peers out the window. Watches Del work. 41.
53) 0) text: Grace stands at the precipice of a freshly dug grave. Del prepares to bury the deceased homeowner.
53) 2) dialog: We don’t have time. Grace grabs the shovel from Del’s hands.
53) 4) dialog: You really believe that?
53) 6) dialog: So all those bodies you saw lying in the streets, the ones you told me got caught up in your tires wherever you went-- you didn’t say words for any of them, did you?
53) 8) dialog: Exactly.
53) 10) dialog: What?
53) 12) dialog: And what happened when you saw clusters of them all at once?
53) 14) dialog: Okay. He straightens his posture. Inhales deeply. Holds. Grace takes a second to catch on. She follows his lead. They wait. They exhale.
54) 0) text: Del enjoys a shower by the lake. Behind him, the water’s surface begins to RIPPLE ever so slightly. He doesn’t notice.
55) 2) dialog: What’s that?
55) 4) dialog: Maybe. I haven’t got much of a sweet tooth.
55) 6) dialog: I hadn't noticed. Grace reaches the wine and spirits aisle. It’s a bottle missing.
55) 8) dialog: Not so much, no.
56) 2) dialog: They're owed most of the credit. These are the sole survivors of a particularly harsh winter. pristine. Not gardenias.
56) 4) dialog: I do my part in feeding them, but every last plant in this habitat had to make a case for itself. And under suboptimal conditions, they each managed not only to survive but to thrive. Trust me, they wouldn’t be here anymore if they didn’t want to be here. Grace laughs.
56) 5) dialog: What’s funny?
56) 7) dialog: Shh. Listen. Del holds the base of the orchid to Grace’s ear. He sprin a few droplets of water on the soil. Grace listens as the roots drink. She smiles.
56) 9) dialog: They are.
58) 0) text: Del powers up one of his laptops, inserts a DVD disc. He turns to Grace, who munches quietly on a bowl of popcorn.
58) 1) dialog: Tonight’s film is Africa Screams from 1949, starring the great Bud Abbott and Lou Costello. Keep your eyes peeled for Max Baer and Shemp Howard in supporting roles. He takes a breath.
58) 2) dialog: The film has a total runtime of eighty minutes, but we'll enjoy a brief intermission at forty-five minutes as we switch to a new laptop with more battery life. Grace gives a thumbs-up.
58) 3) dialog: Thank you. He sits down beside Grace. The film begins.
59) 0) text: Del and Grace watch as Abbott and Costello bumble around jungle in ill-fitting safari gear. Del chuckles heartily at each wisecrack. Grace takes a lo sip from her wine glass.
60) 0) text: Del and Grace gaze up at the stars from a picnic blanket.
60) 2) dialog: I did.
60) 4) dialog: What?
60) 9) dialog: Do you still believe?
60) 11) dialog: Just the basic thermodynamics.
60) 13) dialog: Why?
60) 15) dialog: I guess.
60) 18) dialog: I figured it’d be impolite to ask. Grace grins stupidly. She’s drunk.
60) 20) dialog: It’s getting late.
60) 22) dialog: Maybe tomorrow. Grace edges closer.
60) 24) dialog: Come on. Don’t do that.
60) 26) dialog: Don’t take this to a vulgar place. We were having a good time.
60) 28) dialog: That’s a bad idea.
60) 31) dialog: You’ve had too much to drink.
60) 33) dialog: Then stop acting like one. Grace stands up.
60) 35) dialog: You should get some sleep. We have a long day ahead of us tomorrow.
60) 37) dialog: Take any of the marked houses. The doors are unlocked. He disappears inside.
61) 0) text: Del paces the room, breathing quickly. His face grows FLUSH. His hands ball into FISTS.
61) 1) dialog: Fuck. Fuck you. Piece of shit--! He HURLS a dead laptop AGAINST THE WALL, where it SMASHES into PIECES. Takes ANOTHER. SNAPS the thing in HALF. KICK AWAY at his PILE. Parts go FLYING. He stops. Draws the air back into his lungs with effort. Allows his heartbeat to settle, matching the soft pulse o the toy aquarium’s neon blue glow. He glances down at the floor. Assesses the damage. The room’s a MESS. Del shakes his head. Bends down. Starts cleaning.
63) 0) text: Del brushes his teeth. Spits. His eyes are lined with dark circles.
64) 0) text: Del walks out into the daylight. He searches the block. No sign of Grace anywhere.
65) 0) text: Grace changes into a sweatshirt. Stuffs stray belongings her suitcase. Forces the old thing closed. Zips. She examines the tattered photo of her family. Folds it gently into her back pocket. She peers out the northernmost window. Sees the library across the street. Sees Del. He’s standing on the curb, searching. He looks uneasy. Grace’s eyes dart to her suitcase. Back outside. To her surprise, Del’s staring directly up at her. He chances a wave from the curb. Grace thinks. She waves back.
66) 0) text: Pairs of HANDPRINTS coat the walls in UV green and purple All shapes and sizes. Glow in the dark, psychedelic basem decor. The only hint of life in this otherwise shadowy to From above, the door CREAKS OPEN. A beam of LIGHT streaks through the dark abyss, exposing musk and rotting vapor below. Grace descends the stairs with caution. We catch quick glimpses of her face, in green and purple hues, as she passes the glowing handprints. 51. She reaches blindly. Knocks over a lava lamp. She aims her flashlight down at her feet. The shards of broken glass. The wax congealed in a fat, solid glob. It almost sounds like it’s wheezing. From upstairs:
66) 1) dialog: Everything all right?
67) 0) text: Multiple fishing rods perch from the rim of Del’s sailboa each with a line cast out to sea. Del glares up from his book. Grace sits across from him i bathing suit top and floppy hat, engrossed in a magazine. She turns the page. Adjusts her aviators. Ignores Del. Del resumes his own reading. Suddenly, the rod at Grace’s side WOBBLES. She lowers her magazine. Looks to Del. The line TIGHTENS. The rod‘’s SLIPPING. Del’s eyes widen.
67) 1) dialog: Go--! Grace LUNGES for the ROD, the sunglasses FLYING from her face. She GRINDS IN the REEL... Another line CATCHES. Del SPRINGS to ACTION.
68) 0) text: Del filets a tuna with a sharp knife. He cuts the hunk of fish into small slices. 52.
69) 0) text: Del and Grace eat an elaborate sushi dinner. Grace maneuvers her chopsticks awkwardly, struggling to f the right grip on the slippery fish. Del watches her with mild amusement, using his own pair w an expert’s dexterity. Grace succeeds in guiding the tuna over her sauce tray. S gives Del a self-satisfied smirk. Her chopsticks’ hold FALTERS. The tuna PLOPS into the tra DRENCHING HER in SOY SAUCE. Grace sighs. She looks up at Del. Del neatly sets his own chopsticks aside. Reaches for the fish with his bare hands. Grace smiles. Abandons her chopsticks. Digs in.
70) 0) text: Del and Grace watch another old comedy. On the screen, some poor buffoon topples down a flight of stairs and lands in a trash can. Grace’s eyes shift to Del. He’s laughing. She follows his cue. Erupts in a belly laugh. Oversells it. Del turns to her, startled.
71) 0) text: Del and Grace play a spirited game of ping-pong. They’re both oddly adept. The ball zooms back and forth o the net, their strokes intensifying with each volley. Del hits a pop-up. Grace goes in for the kill. Puts it aw Throws her fists overhead in victory.
72) 0) text: Grace scatters seeds in a pot of soil. She adorns the pot with a smiley-face sticker. Nearby, Del picks heirloom tomatoes from one of his plant 53.
74) 0) text: Grace tosses Del a rolled-up trash bag, javelin-style. He catches it with one hand.
75) 0) text: Grace pushes a wheelbarrow packed with corpses across the front lawn. She winds past Del, who mows the grass.
76) 0) text: Del files new books into the collection. Grace whirls behind him on a hoverboard, leafing through dense manual on solar energy.
77) 0) text: Del and Grace attempt to install a set of solar panels on roof. They prove increasingly unwieldy.
78) 0) text: Del teaches Grace how to drive the street sweeper. She SLAMS her FOOT on the GAS. The vehicle HURTLES FORWAR nearly RAZING another LAMPPOST.
80) 0) text: Del and Grace eat scrambled eggs on a park bench. Grace offers a bite to the chicken, who nips at it happil 54.
81) 0) text: Del adjusts the angle on one of the solar panels.
86) 0) text: Grace wanders into the backyard, which sits at the thresh of a vast wooded wilderness. She navigates the minefield of crushed beer cans, cigaret butts and crumpled trash. An empty can of lighter fluid. Her eyes are drawn to the grill. Caught between the grate are charred flecks of paper. The mutilated remains of pag covers, bindings... They’re BOOKS. Or were. Grace turns. She comes face-to-face with a MAN, stooped i plastic lounge chair on the patio. He stares directly at her. His eyes are a pair of lifeles orbs, glazed translucent white. His mouth hangs open, showcasing a set of rotten teeth. Grace absorbs the gruesome sight. Her gaze strays downward. She spots a lone photograph, ol and faded, discarded among the garbage and dead leaves. It’s a BOY, pre-teen, standing at the edge of a lake. The same lake Del frequents. His eyes are closed.
86) 1) dialog: This is Millburn. Not Putnam. Grace looks up. Sees Del.
86) 2) dialog: I told you not to go into any of the unmarked houses alone. I told you that.
86) 4) dialog: You were never supposed to be here.
86) 6) dialog: I don’t want it cleared. This house doesn’t get cleared. He shifts his gaze to the man in the lawn chair. His mout twists into a grimace.
86) 7) dialog: This makes no fucking sense.
86) 9) dialog: Not the house. You. You were never supposed to be here in the first place. It was just-- it was just supposed to be me.
86) 11) dialog: This, all of this, it wasn’t ever the Rapture or the bubonic plague or any of that. How do you not get it by now? (a pause) It was me. Grace’s head stirs.
86) 13) dialog: I wanted them all to go away. I wanted them to leave me alone and be gone forever. That’s what I wished for. And that’s how it happened. He sniffs in the cool air. 57.
86) 14) dialog: I closed my eyes and I concentrated with every fiber of my brain and I wished for this. Exactly this.
86) 16) dialog: It’s like you said. Afterwards all I had to do was wake up and find the world changed. He laughs to himself. Grace stares at him.
86) 17) dialog: I had it all worked out. It all made so much sense. Until you. See, for the life of me I can’t seem to wrap my head around just why in hell you're still here too. He shifts his balance. Rocks back and forth on his toes.
86) 18) dialog: You know the first thing I saw when I woke up that day? The playground behind the old elementary school. Same school I went to as a kid. They were out for recess. His eyes start to mist.
86) 19) dialog: I couldn't just leave them there like that. What kind of person would-- who would-- He falters. Grace takes a step toward him.
86) 21) dialog: I did. I did it.
86) 23) dialog: Yeah.
86) 26) dialog: Why?
87) 0) text: Grace swiffers the floors. Collects the garbage. Sews up tears in the furniture fabric. She rolls a coat of white paint over the graffitied walls She purges the contents of the refrigerator. The pantry shelves. The dirty dishware in the sink. Among them is a cracked ceramic bowl, hand-painted with a child’s watercolor illustrations. She turns. Del’s holding the trash bag open for her. 59.
88) 0) text: Del and Grace heave the man’s petrified corpse from the lounge chair into an open body bag. Grace musses back the man’s unruly hair. Del zips the bag shut. EXT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Del and Grace ride in silence.
89) 0) text: Del slides the body into a fresh grave. He looks to Grace. She digs the shovel into the earth.
89) 1) dialog: Wait. He peers down into the hole. He inhales through his nose. Grace does the same. Ten seconds pass. They exhale through their mouths simultaneously.
89) 3) dialog: Yeah. That’s all. He takes the shovel. Starts burying.
90) 0) text: Del marches back to the truck. Grace catches up to him.
90) 2) dialog: I’m sorry.
90) 4) dialog: I don’t know. INT. BEDROOM - GRACE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Del’s asleep. Peaceful. Grace lies beside him, wide awake. She veers away from him. Stares ahead solemnly. In the distance, we hear the very faint hum of a CAR ENGI
91) 0) text: The sun edges slowly over the horizon. The first rays of daylight flicker off the ocean’s surface. INT. BEDROOM - GRACE’S HOUSE - DAY Del’s eyes sway open. He shifts to Grace’s side of the bed. She’s not there. Del checks his watch. Gets up. Gathers his clothes. He hears a series of murmurs through the wood panelling i the floor. Vaguely distorted. Coming from downstairs. It’s a voice. But it’s too low to be Grace’s. He listens closer. The voice is MALE. 61. INT. STAIRWELL - GRACE’S HOUSE - DAY Del pads down the stairs. The man’s voice grows sharper.
91) 19) dialog: Del.
91) 21) dialog: Just Del.
91) 23) dialog: I’m just Del.
91) 26) dialog: Until recently. Yes.
91) 28) dialog: Buried.
91) 32) dialog: (to Grace) Who are they? Grace gazes down at her plate.
91) 40) dialog: I don’t understand.
91) 42) dialog: Are you sure?
91) 49) dialog: Tournament?
91) 53) dialog: Who?
91) 59) dialog: Who else is there?
91) 61) dialog: Don’t know what? Miles assesses Del, eyebrow arched.
91) 64) dialog: No. He glares across the table at Grace. She can’t bring hers to look back at him. The color drained from her face.
91) 69) dialog: There are more of you? (to Grace) You told me--
91) 71) dialog: That no one else had survived. That it was just the two of us.
91) 79) dialog: Stop.
91) 81) dialog: Stop. Del gets up from his chair.
91) 82) dialog: It’s time for you to leave. He glances over at Grace.
91) 83) dialog: All of you. He exits. Miles looks around the table.
91) 87) dialog: Are they your parents?
91) 89) dialog: You lied to me.
91) 91) dialog: Why?
91) 93) dialog: And fuck you?
91) 95) dialog: You're a teenager.
91) 97) dialog: This is all my fault. I let you in here. I trusted you.
91) 99) dialog: Y'know, this is kind of funny. It’s really actually very funny. He bites his lip. Stares Grace in the eyes.
91) 100) dialog: I think you’re the worst mistake I’ve ever made.
91) 102) dialog: You should go. I really need for you to go.
91) 104) dialog: Go home, Grace.
91) 106) dialog: Uh-huh.
91) 109) dialog: Not really.
91) 111) dialog: Wait. She stops.
91) 112) dialog: What was the gun for? Grace looks back at him. Her eyes are glistening.
92) 0) text: Del works his way through a backlog of unsorted books, a welcome distraction. He inputs letters and numbers into his handheld label mak A new label sputters from his device with a protracted BE He smooths it over a book’s spine...
92) 2) dialog: Yes.
92) 4) dialog: Sorry. The collection’s private. He wheels a cart into the stacks. Begins filing.
92) 6) dialog: I’m sorry. Miles smirks. 72.
92) 8) dialog: What does toilet paper have to do with books?
92) 11) dialog: No. Excuse me. Del separates himself, moves on to the next aisle. Miles lingers behind, kicking at the floor.
92) 13) dialog: We all do what we need to do. Miles appears beside him, snapping his fingers.
92) 15) dialog: Here everybody does.
92) 18) dialog: No thanks. Miles stares at him for a prolonged beat. He cracks a smi
93) 0) text: Del eyes a photograph in his hands. We reverse to see: It’s the POLAROID of GRACE sticking he tongue out at the Grand Canyon. He places the photo in his filing cabinet, the newest in collection. Slides the drawer SHUT. His gaze wanders to the town map on his wall. It’s clutte with white Xes. Not an empty lot to be found. 100% clearance. He runs his hand along the map’s surface. Reaches the top TEARS IT DOWN in ONE SWIFT MOTION.
94) 0) text: Del coasts out to sea on his sailboat. He listens as the waves beat gently against the boat’s hu The only sound for miles. He stares ahead at the horizon.
95) 0) text: The door jingles as Del strides in. He stops at the liquor aisle. Processes the multitude of untouched bottles, all coated over in dust. 77.
96) 0) text: Del cracks open a bottle of vodka. Raises it to his mouth Chugs. Chugs. Chugs. He chokes. Erupts in a coughing fit. Lets the bottle drop the ground, shattering at his feet. His eyes are watery. Bloodshot. He teeters his way to the solar panel. Paws at it with bo hands. Rends it from its hinges.
97) 0) text: Del urinates on a patch of lawn. Crudely traces the spray painted lines of the white X. Hums a tune to himself. He hasn’t shaved in days.
98) 0) text: Del staggers down the unpaved street. Surveys the sad hou at the end of the driveway. He reaches sloppily into his waistband... Draws the HANDG from Grace’s glove compartment. He cocks the gun with effort. Steadies his aim. His finge curls the trigger... BANG. A window BURSTS INTO PIECES. He feels the rush. He fires again. Again. Again. The gunshots echo through the empty wood. Birds flee to t skies, squawking in excitement. He keeps snapping the trigger long after the chamber’s expended. His face twisted into something awful. He chucks the gun at the house.
98) 1) dialog: Fuck--! He loses his balance. Lands squarely in the dirt.
98) 2) dialog: Fuck you. Fucking... 78. He tries to get up. His world is SPINNING... His legs giv out underneath him. He falls right back down. He’s filthy. Drenched from head to toe in mud and glass a snot and shit. Blistered. Bleeding. It’s not a good look. Slowly, he reclaims his wits. Focuses on breathing. Stacc and irregular grows deep and pronounced. Regaining consistency. Or a measure thereof. He cups his hands together. Spits. Rubs down his eyes wit his palms... His vision begins to steady... He hears a BA He tilts his head up. Perks his ears. Listens. Just then: A second BARK. Low. Strained. But definitely there. He looks forward. His eyes narrow. A few yards away, we can just barely make out the hazy outline of a DOG... A fat, old PUG. It’s Dewey. Del stares in awe, speechless. The corners of his mouth threatening the slightest of smiles. He chances a blink. Looks again. The dog’s gone. Disappeared without a trace. Del processes, dumbfounded.
99) 0) text: Del ransacks his stockpile of battery-operated gadgetry. At long last, he locates his transistor radio. Mangled fr the earlier abuse. Taped together. Still workable. He powers it up. Puts his mouth to the receiver.
99) 1) dialog: Hello? He listens. Hears STATIC. Toggles to the next frequency. 79.
99) 2) dialog: Hello? He waits... More STATIC. It’s quiet out there.
100) 0) text: The once-clean street is littered haphazardly with crumpl papers, empty bottles and myriad miscellaneous trash. On the adjacent sidewalk, Del sits cross-legged in one of two rocking chairs. The other remains empty. He rocks gently back and forth. His face is sunburnt, his lips chapped. We get the impression he’s been stationed h for the better part of the day. Maybe longer.
101) 0) text: Del splashes his face with water. The liquid revives his cracked skin, catches in his graying beard. He submerges the buckets one by one.
102) 0) text: Del ambles through the rows of plants, spritzing each wit less care than usual. His gait is staggered, sleepy. He reaches the end of his circuit. Sees Grace’s pot of so The smiley-face sticker, grinning stupidly at him. The smallest sliver of GREEN edges out from the dirt. Del stares down at the new plant, devoid of expression. He doesn’t move for a long time.
103) 0) text: Del winds through the stacks. He stops in the geography section. Plucks out the first r atlas he sees. Flips through. Lands on a specific page. 80. His eyes dart back and forth, scanning over the complex w of routes and interstates... Fuck it. He TEARS OUT the PA It’s oddly liberating.
104) 0) text: Del blows past a stop sign. Speeds through a seemingly interminable sweep of white Xes on either side. As he accelerates, the Xes mesh into one another, forming twin solid white lines. Suddenly, he BRAKES. We're at the edge of the town. The precipice between Del’ world and the unknown. Del hesitates. Nearly chokes. He grips the wheel tight. Knuckles whitening. He wills his foot to HIT the GAS. The engine ROARS TO LIFE. Del's truck FLIES PAST the town limit, kicking up a layer of DUST that takes over frame. The dust settles... The truck’s out of sight. INT. DEL’S TRUCK - VARIOUS C.U. on DEL through the WINDSHIELD. His eyes are FIXED on THE ROAD. We, in turn, KEEP on HIM. As he soars past open country and cityscapes alike, highw and dirt road, all reflected back in the windshield’s gla As he swerves around abandoned cars and overturned tracto trailers, crumbled monuments and billowing smokestacks. As the truck battles a stretch of particularly rough terr rattling and hissing in near defeat. As day turns into night and back to day again. As a heavy thunder ripples overhead and rain beats down o the truck’s flimsy hood and the windshield wipers squeak madly against the surface of the glass. As the truck is swallowed up in thick blankets of fog, an visibility plummets to zero. Less than zero. 81. Del’s eyelids grow heavy. A five o’clock shadow transpire across his face... He doesn’t waver. Keeps the wheel stea The truck emerges triumphant from the fog -- all of a sud the windshield’s glass washes over in REFLECTIONS of LIGH A city skyline, replete with glowing buildings and pulsin neon signs and searchlights, all DANCING WILDLY ACROSS th WINDSHIELD... We KEEP on DEL. His pupils dilated from the onslaught of light. The corne of his mouth twitching ever so slightly. Betraying nothin He pushes forward in silence.
105) 0) text: Del stares straight ahead. Tries to ignore the white nois a thousand disparate voices laughing, shouting, their fig drifting across the windshield all at once. A strange symphony fills our soundscape, intensifying as truck presses deeper into this urban sprawl... a rhythmic cohesion of voices, pop music, TV fuzz, iPhone ringtones. As all this BUILDS, and BUILDS, and BUILDS, Del’s fingers INTO the steering wheel... He’s LOSING IT... The sounds RISE to an all-powerful CRESCENDO, and just as looks like Del’s about to BURST, we HARD CUT TO:
106) 0) text: A modest one-story compound on the city’s outskirts. The early morning sun pokes out from over the mountainsid casting the property in dark amber tones. Del steps out from his car. Checks the address on Miles’s business card. It’s a match with the mailbox. He thinks. Doubles back. Grabs the GUN. PRE-LAP: Beep. Beep. Beep.
107) 0) text: The low hum of electricity. On the mantelpiece, a high-key photo of MILES and VIOLET. 82. The image gradually MORPHS into a portrait of the whole family. GRACE wedged uneasily between the two of them. It’s a digital picture frame, cycling through pre-loaded photos on a timer. A wire runs behind the mantel into a h surge protector, which in turn plugs into the wall. ANGLE on the FRONT DOOR. Del’s shadow manifests in the adjacent window, wielding a small screwdriver. He slips it underneath the sill... We're familiar with this routine already. The RASP of MET on WOOD. Del’s GLOVED HAND reaching inside, curling TOWAR the DOOR... TWISTING the LOCK... CLICK. Del enters. Looks around. It’s as pleasant a house as any other we’ve seen -- albeit pointedly more high-tech. The room’s centerpiece: A fireplace video, crackling on M Del removes his shoes. Sets them at the foot of the door. He moves very slowly through the house, from the living r into a long, narrow hallway marked by LED night lights. The door to the first bedroom hangs slightly ajar. He sne a peek inside... Two heaps slumped over in a king-sized b both dormant. Violet’s head poking out from under the cov Del gently shuts the door. He proceeds to the next room. Listens through the door. F the other end, we hear the light WHIRR of MACHINERY. His HAND rests on the KNOB. He TURNS... INT. GRACE’S BEDROOM - MERCER RANCH - CONTINUOUS Grace lies in bed, fast asleep. A heart rate monitor at her side, blipping softly. An IV drip. A tray of medical utensils. Some very sharp. Del approaches her bedside.
107) 1) dialog: (in SOTTO) Grace.
107) 3) dialog: Grace. It’s me. Her eyes flicker open. She stares straight past him.
107) 4) dialog: I’m gonna get you out of here. We're gonna go home. He plucks out her IV. Holds it to her eye line.
107) 5) dialog: Can you tell me what this is? Can you tell me what they’re doing--?
107) 7) dialog: What kinds of tests? Grace shrugs.
107) 8) dialog: What’s going on? Come on. I know you can tell me what’s going on.
107) 10) dialog: Bad tests? She gives him a blank stare.
107) 11) dialog: Okay, I’m here now. It’s time to go. Let’s go. He takes her hand. She looks up at him, curious.
107) 13) dialog: Yeah you do. Don’t-- Stop that.
107) 15) dialog: You know who I am.
107) 17) dialog: Yes. Yes you do. Because we’re friends. Because I drove all the way here for you... you know who I am. I’m Del, and you’re Grace, and you know who I am-- you know-- Her eyes are glazed over. Hollow.
107) 18) dialog: You know me. She doesn’t flinch.
107) 19) dialog: No. Don’t do that. You know who I am. You can’t-- please-- please don’t do this. Say something. Come on. Talk to me. Please... Please. A long silence hangs between them. Finally, Del pulls away.
107) 21) dialog: What? He leans back in.
107) 23) dialog: What plants? My plants?
107) 25) dialog: It’s okay. I watered them all right before I left. We just need to get back in time before the next cycle.
107) 27) dialog: Yeah. They’re gonna be fine. Grace smiles.
107) 28) dialog: Are you ready to go?
108) 0) text: Grace clutches Del’s arm for support. They push past the door to the master bedroom. Grace’s ga strays over her shoulder.
108) 1) dialog: We have to keep moving. They could wake up any second-- The FLUSH of a TOILET. A protracted YAWN. From the opposi end of the hallway. In their direct path. Del and Grace stop dead in their tracks. The bathroom door CREAKS OPEN... Grace grabs Del TIGHT... steps MILES, sleepy-eyed and scratching at his boxers. He takes a beat to register the two of them.
108) 4) dialog: We're leaving.
108) 7) dialog: What did you do to her?
108) 10) dialog: I’m not gonna ask again.
108) 12) dialog: What are you talking about?
108) 14) dialog: I don’t understand.
108) 18) dialog: Perfect.
108) 20) dialog: No.
108) 22) dialog: No. We're going. Excuse us.
110) 0) text: Del hastens to the front door, leaving behind a trail of blood-soaked shoe prints.
110) 1) dialog: Are you coming? Grace remains in the hallway, the gun limp at her side. She turns
110) 2) dialog: Grace--?
110) 5) dialog: Who will?
110) 8) dialog: Okay.
110) 10) dialog: Where’s that? Grace points. Del heads for the door.
110) 12) dialog: No you're not.
110) 14) dialog: I think so. Yeah.
111) 0) text: Del yanks out the shower curtain. He and Grace slide Violet’s body onto the plastic. Her he is covered with a SKI MASK drenched in BLOOD. They roll her into a tight cocoon. Secure it in place wit one, two, three layers of packing tape. They fold Miles’s body into a bearskin rug. His head, or thereof, also MASKED. Grace sprays the floor with a cleaning solution. Sops up bloody footprints with a fat sponge. Del picks at the flecks of brain matter in the wall with pair of tweezers. Deposits them in a trash bag. Grace dances around him, erasing any and all traces of bl with a fresh coat of white paint. Del peruses Miles’s library. Picks out a book he doesn’t recognize. Reads the dust jacket. Tosses it in his backpa Grace powers down the medical equipment. Changes the shee on her bed. Smooths out the creases in the fabric. Del heaves two bulging trash bags into the back of his tr Miles and Violet’s burritoed bodies are already buckled i Grace jerks the plug from the digital picture frame. Mi a Vi's smiling faces ZAP to BLACK. Del activates the kitchen faucet. Marvels at the sight of running water. Cranes his head downward... Lets the liqui flow freely over his face. Drinks.
112) 0) text: Del exits the house. He sees Grace in the front yard, the paint bin at her side. gl. He walks over to her. She holds out a damp brush. Del thinks. He takes the brush from Grace. Kneels into th dirt. Paints a long, thick STRIP of WHITE. Then ANOTHER. He pulls back, revealing an X.
112) 1) dialog: Ready?
113) 0) text: Grace beelines to the freezer. Flings the drawer open. From FREEZER POV, we look up at Grace’s face, awash in a orange light. She smiles wide. INT. DEL’S TRUCK - DAY Del and Grace hit the road. The city skyline fades to nothingness in the back windshield. Grace cradles a mammoth bucket of Neapolitan ice cream in lap. Devouring it by the spoonful. She offers Del a scoop. He pulls his head away from her.
113) 1) dialog: You’re gonna use the same spoon? Grace's smile fades.