91) 12) dialog: I think maybe he feels we're encroaching.
91) 15) dialog: Don’t be shy. Have a seat. Del sits at the table, his nerves flaring.
91) 25) dialog: This is a lovely town, Del. Do you live here all on your own?
91) 27) dialog: And your bodies?
91) 29) dialog: That’s nice.
91) 34) dialog: Grace, don’t bite your fingernails. Grace retracts her hands from her mouth.
91) 50) dialog: Miles is an excellent golfer.
91) 62) dialog: You’ve been alone here all this time? You haven’t-- haven’t left--?
91) 66) dialog: Miles.
91) 68) dialog: We're still his guests.
91) 75) dialog: I designed some myself.
91) 77) dialog: Well, I’m no Rembrandt or anything. I used to freelance for Ackerman Agency in San Diego, California. Of course, that was in my twenties... I'm rambling, aren’t I?
92) 23) dialog: You've got some really cute new tops here. You’ll have to let me borrow them sometime. 74.
92) 25) dialog: I have to teach you how to fold your clothes. You just ball them up like they’re garbage. It damages the material.
92) 27) dialog: Not your what? Grace falters.
92) 28) dialog: Is everything all right, honey? You sound stressed.
92) 30) dialog: Really? Are you sure? She holds out the PHOTO of GRACE and HER FAMILY. Grace’s eyes go hollow.
92) 32) dialog: This isn’t healthy behavior, Grace. Running away from home, making us chase after you to the ends of the earth. What would your father say if he saw this picture?
92) 34) dialog: No. I’m sorry. No. Violet tucks the photo into her bra. 75.
92) 35) dialog: I had another daughter once. You know, before. It’s wrong to bring it up, I know that... She shakes her head.
92) 36) dialog: I can’t lose you again. I won't.
92) 38) dialog: Mom. Grace tightens.
92) 40) dialog: You act like it’s such a bad thing.
92) 42) dialog: Don’t be. I’m here for you. She wraps her arms around Grace. Brings her in close.
92) 43) dialog: Everything will stop hurting soon. Grace, head pressed firm against Violet’s chest, listens the beating of her heart. EXT. GRACE’S HOUSE - DAY Miles loads Grace’s bags into the trunk of his Cadillac. sidles into the driver’s seat. Honks the horn. Violet emerges from the house, Grace in tow. Grace pauses. She looks across the street. The library sits still. No sign of life. Violet takes Grace by the arm. Ushers her into the backse 76.
92) 44) dialog: Buckle up. Violet hops in the passenger’s seat. Gives Miles a peck o the cheek. Miles shifts the car into drive. Grace takes a last look at the library. He’s not coming. Miles abruptly hits the gas. SCREECH... The car peels down the street, zigs at the corner, disapp from view. A cloud of exhaust looming in its wake.
107) 0) text: The low hum of electricity. On the mantelpiece, a high-key photo of MILES and VIOLET. 82. The image gradually MORPHS into a portrait of the whole family. GRACE wedged uneasily between the two of them. It’s a digital picture frame, cycling through pre-loaded photos on a timer. A wire runs behind the mantel into a h surge protector, which in turn plugs into the wall. ANGLE on the FRONT DOOR. Del’s shadow manifests in the adjacent window, wielding a small screwdriver. He slips it underneath the sill... We're familiar with this routine already. The RASP of MET on WOOD. Del’s GLOVED HAND reaching inside, curling TOWAR the DOOR... TWISTING the LOCK... CLICK. Del enters. Looks around. It’s as pleasant a house as any other we’ve seen -- albeit pointedly more high-tech. The room’s centerpiece: A fireplace video, crackling on M Del removes his shoes. Sets them at the foot of the door. He moves very slowly through the house, from the living r into a long, narrow hallway marked by LED night lights. The door to the first bedroom hangs slightly ajar. He sne a peek inside... Two heaps slumped over in a king-sized b both dormant. Violet’s head poking out from under the cov Del gently shuts the door. He proceeds to the next room. Listens through the door. F the other end, we hear the light WHIRR of MACHINERY. His HAND rests on the KNOB. He TURNS... INT. GRACE’S BEDROOM - MERCER RANCH - CONTINUOUS Grace lies in bed, fast asleep. A heart rate monitor at her side, blipping softly. An IV drip. A tray of medical utensils. Some very sharp. Del approaches her bedside.
108) 26) dialog: Oh, honey.
108) 28) dialog: Which photo?
108) 30) dialog: That photo’s long gone.
111) 0) text: Del yanks out the shower curtain. He and Grace slide Violet’s body onto the plastic. Her he is covered with a SKI MASK drenched in BLOOD. They roll her into a tight cocoon. Secure it in place wit one, two, three layers of packing tape. They fold Miles’s body into a bearskin rug. His head, or thereof, also MASKED. Grace sprays the floor with a cleaning solution. Sops up bloody footprints with a fat sponge. Del picks at the flecks of brain matter in the wall with pair of tweezers. Deposits them in a trash bag. Grace dances around him, erasing any and all traces of bl with a fresh coat of white paint. Del peruses Miles’s library. Picks out a book he doesn’t recognize. Reads the dust jacket. Tosses it in his backpa Grace powers down the medical equipment. Changes the shee on her bed. Smooths out the creases in the fabric. Del heaves two bulging trash bags into the back of his tr Miles and Violet’s burritoed bodies are already buckled i Grace jerks the plug from the digital picture frame. Mi a Vi's smiling faces ZAP to BLACK. Del activates the kitchen faucet. Marvels at the sight of running water. Cranes his head downward... Lets the liqui flow freely over his face. Drinks.