10) 3) dialog: Hah. You said partner with airquotes.
10) 5) dialog: Fucking outstanding. Airquotes again.
10) 8) dialog: Dude. I so got you. Done. 13.
10) 13) dialog: Bam! Airquotes! You are the fucking master. Ward spins to about to break Brown’s neck... BANG-BANG-BANG! SERGEANT CHING, a badass intelligent fema is pounding on a locker...
51) 0) text: Kandomere and Montehugh approach on foot, cautious, rifle low ready position. They SEE BROWN, the fratboy cop from station. Talking on his cell. He quickly hangs up...
51) 2) dialog: Sir this is LAPD business, we have an active crime scene.
51) 4) dialog: Sorry, sir. Uh. Yes. Sure. But look, it’s all fucked.
51) 6) dialog: There was a shooting between the responding officers. I got three dead cops. Two more missing. A dead couple with gunshot wounds across the street. Four bodies inside. And someone staging and cleaning the crime scene. That’s what I meant by fucked, sir.
51) 8) dialog: The four bodies from the original call are magicked the fuck up. (then) Who called you?
51) 10) dialog: The crazy ass conspiracy theorists? They just hand out fliers on the corner. It’s bullshit.
51) 12) dialog: You guys been watching this place?
55) 3) dialog: Evidence? Looks like a house in Big Bear and a new Tesla to me. Kandomere and Montehugh give him withering looks. Brown j smiles and backs away... WE FOLLOW BROWN -- As he pulls his cell and dials... 58.
55) 4) dialog: (into phone) Get down here right now. I found something interesting.
68) 0) text: A couple cars of LAPD SWAT COPS has pulled up. Brown talk to them excitedly. Kandomere and Montehugh rapidly approa the knot of cops. Wearing body armor over civilian clothe
68) 2) dialog: Easy, sir. I called them. We’re a little short handed. Kandomere turns to the SWAT SERGEANT... Kandomere carbine. Kandomere 73.
68) 6) dialog: I think you heard him. This is LAPD's jurisdiction.
68) 12) dialog: Can you dodge a bullet?
68) 14) dialog: Hey! No, no! Stay on mission. We grab the gold and find the wand.
73) 0) text: It’s quiet. Dead quiet... CAMERA SLOWLY REVEALS -- A dead SWAT COP. Then another. A another. And another. All the SWAT Cops are dead, shot to pieces. All killed in a vicious gunfight. CAMERA FINDS BROWN -- Crawling to his car, dying from gunshots. He SEES two figures approaching. Ward and Jakob emerge from the night mist like zombies...
73) 1) dialog: ...not you assholes... He tries to draw his pistol. Ward easily takes it away. N Jakoby and Ward watch in total silence as Brown dies. THEN A NOISE FROM THE HOUSE -- Ward nods for Jakoby to pi up a SWAT shotgun. He does. Ward and Jakoby approach the house. Limping up the porch stairs, Ward motions for Jako to go around the side... As Jakoby slips along the side, WE SEE something he doesn Slasher, holding a rifle, watching him from the shadows..