64) 5) dialog: You think it’s funny to trash our home and disrespect our celebration? Pinkskin?
65) 0) text: The windows are boarded, the furniture torn. Orc black velvet paintings and Orc kitsch decorate the place. The r is packed with FOGTEETH ORCS of various shapes and sizes, repping their gang with black and orange. Kneeling among them on the floor are Jakoby and Ward. Tik between them, crying silently. Dorghu kneels in front of Jakoby. He smiles. Fatherly.
65) 1) dialog: You know I’m not from here. I grew up in Miami. Great orc communities there, strong orc communities. We'd have block parties with dwarves, humans, it was fun. I wasn’t in the game then. I was a bus driver. Then I move to LA. City of Angels, right? I see these kids, I see how broken the system you got here is. (MORE )
65) 3) dialog: Orcs caught between the police and the gangsters. I see I need to change. And I do. I organize things. We have our own thing now. I know what I am. And I still give back to the community. Not just Ores. Every month I throw a big house-party, get people drunk. Feed them. Whole neighborhood's invited, black, brown, yellow, green. Partying together. With one rule - No guns, no fights inside. It’s sanctuary. Three years of peace. And who breaks sanctuary? Who’s first to bring in guns? The motherfucking police. He sighs, runs a curious finger across Jakoby’s filed tee Time to teach the youngsters...
65) 4) dialog: An unblooded orc. And a cop. Grew up with humans. Never had a claw raised for him in his life. Playing the “nice guy” the “sweet guy.” Your buddies so happy to say they have an “orc friend.” Here's your opportunity to give back. He switches to orkish, suddenly animalistic, he snarls:
65) 5) dialog: (subtitled) Where is the wand? Jakoby is silent, breathing hard. Dorghu nods to a couple BIG ORCS -- They begin WHIPPING JAKOBY AND WARD WITH STEE CHAINS! The Two men scream in agony.
65) 7) dialog: (subtitled) Where is the wand? Eyes wide with fear, Tikka speaks in shaky English...
65) 9) dialog: Roundtooth. False orc. Unblooded coward. The other Orcs murmur in agreement, Jakoby stares at Dorg
65) 10) dialog: Where is the wand? Jakoby sneers -- WHAM! -- Dorghu PUNCHES HIM IN THE FACE, grabs his ear..
65) 12) dialog: Where is the wand, boy?
65) 14) dialog: Was I talking to you pinkface!?
65) 16) dialog: Where is the wand?
65) 19) dialog: Where. Is. The. Wand?
65) 21) dialog: Altamira thinks there’s a wand. The Orc choking Ward loosens his grip. Ward coughs this o
65) 23) dialog: The police think there’s a wand. The feds think there’s a wand. (roars) I think there’s a wand! WHACK! -- A Fogteeth Orc PUNCHES WARD in the jaw, knockin him to the floor. Dorghu rips his dagger from Jakoby. And grabs Tikka by her hair. Ward gets deliberate and quiet..
65) 26) dialog: I'll cover you with her hot blood. Where is the wand? The cops just moan in pain. Dorghu wrenches Tikka’s tiny, fragile arm. She cries out in pain... Ward looks at her. She looks at him -- Telling him to STA
66) 0) text: THE FLOOR HAS BEEN RIPPED OUT -- Above an incredibly deep pit, dug deep beneath the house, vanishing into darkness. Ward and Jakoby are laid face down so their heads hang ov the edge. The Big Orcs stand over them, a boot on their backs. Ward and Jakoby staring into the abyss. They trade looks and sad little smiles -- Each saying to the other “ with you my brother, I'm with you." Dorghu’s huge paw clasping Tikka’s throat...
66) 1) dialog: Watch your friends. Ward fights back tears...
66) 3) dialog: Where is the wand?
66) 5) dialog: Kill them. A Big Orc presses a shotgun to the back of Jakoby’s head. ORC GANGSTER steps up with a fucking big bolt action deer rifle. CLACK-CLACKS a round in the chamber. Holds the muzzle to the back of Ward’s head. The Gangster hesitates
66) 7) dialog: (subtitled) What are you doing?
66) 9) dialog: (subtitled) They mock us.
66) 11) dialog: What did you call me roundtooth? “Stupid?” 72. Dorghu pulls him up by the shirt -- WHAM! Punches his fac now he stomps his ribs, his legs. The Orc Gangster cringe
66) 12) dialog: (subtitled) False orc! Unblooded coward! He stomps and stomps. Ward’s heart breaking as Nick’s blo spatters his face...