10) 2) dialog: Big green dude? Orange eyes? Not exactly a Rhodes Scholar? Why yes. I have seen your partner. BROWN, 20s, with fratboy excitability, jumps in...
10) 4) dialog: See, Ward’s partner is a peace officer.
10) 6) dialog: (announces loudly) Anyone have a location on our diversity hire? He likes to wander. Ward fumes. POLLARD, late 30s, with the bitter cold demea of a broken street cop, mutters this:
10) 10) dialog: You know what they say about clan blood. (ominously) Once for the Dark Lord, always for the Dark Lord.
10) 12) dialog: Race of people.
24) 0) text: Pollard, the dick cop from earlier, Hicks and Ward all st at the wand on the kitchen table. Sergeant Ching enters..
24) 9) dialog: Ever seen a wand in person?
24) 13) dialog: I didn’t call the feds. Pollard, you call the feds?
24) 24) dialog: No one’s coming Ward.
24) 26) dialog: ...-what about Jakoby..? Boom. There it is...
26) 8) dialog: I think he just caught up to it.
26) 10) dialog: Use your gun. The kid got your gun away from you. And shot Jakoby with it. Right out front there. 32.
26) 12) dialog: The kid was the bright. The kid got away. The kid disappeared.
26) 17) dialog: Perfect storm, bro. It’s a perfect storm.
31) 0) text: The sky is hesitant to release the day, its final soft bl glow recedes from the darkness. It’s unnaturally quiet on this evil isolated little street... HIDDEN ON THE PORCH -- Pollard, in agony, trying to dial iPhone. It’s maddening to work a touch screen through so much blood. He hears an SUV pull up. FOOTSTEPS approach. He sets down his cell. Grabs his gun... GIBSON crosses to the house. Stops to pick up WARD’S GUN. She could be 20 or 40. Her age and gender are a mystery. But she’s clearly an apex predator. Everything she does i weighted with thought, meaning and intent, down to the smallest movement. She steps over the bodies of Sergeant Ching and Hicks. Behind her are SLASHER and COWBOY, with carbines and body armor. They have that Special Forces vibe, a couple hundr confirmed kills between them. Gibson stepping, Pollard slumps with relief...
33) 0) text: Slasher rolls Ching’s body in a carpet. Another rolled up carpet presumably contains Hicks. Cowboy uses a metal detector to locate shell casings from Ward's gun... Gibson exits. Looking around. Scanning for prey. Feels someone watching her. Spins to SEE SOMEONE duck behind th curtains of the little house across the street...