8) 0) text: Solidly in the hood. A black SUV pulls up. Two Federal Agents step out in black suits. One is human, he’s all ab Gracie Ju-Jitsu and fine tailoring -- This is MONTEHUGH. The taller Agent is lithe with striking dark skin and dazzling teal eyes. LIKE MOST ELVES his features are near human, if perhaps slightly stretched. Almost too perfect, barring of course, his pointed ears -- This is KANDOMERE.
8) 2) dialog: I apologize there are no local shops with artisanal kale smoothies and organic chicken breast in ten pound servings. Stay on task. Montehugh glares at Kandomere as they enter the station.
9) 0) text: Crammed and with lead paint and peeling asbestos. Kandome and Montehugh check in at the front desk. CAMERA FINDS JAKOBY -- In a nearby hallway, watching the Agents from the shadows. Nervous. Kandomere feels Jakoby’s gaze. Looks over. Jakoby is already gone.
30) 0) text: Kandomere, the Elf Fed we met earlier, flips through boxe arrest forms. His photographic memory drinking in the inf fast as he turns the page. Montehugh, his human partner, enters in a rush...
30) 2) dialog: I've heard nothing on the scanner.
30) 4) dialog: Where? He has Kandomere’s full attention...
50) 0) text: Kandomere KNOCKS on the back of an old plumbing van hidde the shadows. Nothing. Grabs door handle. The door falls off CLATTERING to the street... Revealing two OBLITERATED BODIES inside! The first has be blasted into what looks like red spider-webs. The other i shattered like glass. It’s clear from the equipment racks it’s a SURVEILLANCE VAN. Montehugh joins Kandomere, holdi two assault rifles...
50) 1) dialog: The bright was here. Montehugh tosses Kandomere a rifle. The hair stands up on the back of his neck when he SEES his colleagues are now modern art displays... 54.
50) 3) dialog: Take a beat on that. Until we know who’s who and what’s what. They’re a few houses up 341 Abrams -- Kandomere steps out into the street and SEES parked black and white just visi Nods for Montehugh to follow...
51) 0) text: Kandomere and Montehugh approach on foot, cautious, rifle low ready position. They SEE BROWN, the fratboy cop from station. Talking on his cell. He quickly hangs up...
51) 1) dialog: What do you got?
51) 3) dialog: (flashing badge) Homeland Security Magic Task Force. It’s my crime scene now.
51) 5) dialog: Mind if we drill down a bit on what you mean by ‘fucked’?
51) 7) dialog: Where’s the bright come into this? 55.
51) 9) dialog: This is a Shield Of Light safehouse. An extremist group convinced the Dark Lord will return and initiate a second Age of Magic.
51) 11) dialog: Right. Until someone kills four of them and the two Agents surveilling them with a magic wand. Then, I’m not so sure.
51) 14) dialog: Pull the hard drive from the van. Right now. We need those recordings safe. Kandomere dials his cell...
52) 2) dialog: Where are you?
52) 4) dialog: No you're not. Shit went down at the Shield of Light House we've been watching. The bright killed everyone inside and killed my men monitoring the place. The bright’s here. Here in LA.
52) 6) dialog: LAPD’s all twisted up in this. I’m behind enemy lines with no back-up. You're it. Get down here. At the speed of light.
52) 9) text: Kandomere hangs up. Worry etched on his face. 57.
53) 0) text: Kandomere and Montehugh looking through the mess...
53) 2) dialog: Someone's missing. Kandomere charges upstairs with Montehugh in tow...
54) 0) text: Kandomere studies the walls...
54) 2) dialog: I hear a candle burning. He pulls down a bookcase revealing a hidden door. He draw pistol open it. Revealing...
55) 1) dialog: They're training a bright. BEHIND THEM -- Is Brown. Gold fever in his greedy eyes...
67) 1) dialog: Any luck?
67) 3) dialog: Pull the drive and bag it. Then Kandomere sees something... KANDOMERE (CONT’D) Shit. We got company.
68) 0) text: A couple cars of LAPD SWAT COPS has pulled up. Brown talk to them excitedly. Kandomere and Montehugh rapidly approa the knot of cops. Wearing body armor over civilian clothe
68) 1) dialog: Evening. Can I help you? Who are you?
68) 3) dialog: Fine. Gimme a perimeter. Take the corners of the block. And stay out of sight.
68) 5) dialog: What the fuck did you say to me?
68) 7) dialog: I’m a federal agent. It’s your jurisdiction but it’s my country. Now all of you get the fuck off my crime scene.
68) 9) dialog: (quietly) Don’t let them out of your sight. When the Strike Team gets here, we're arresting all these assholes. turns and heads for the house. A SWAT COP blocks him. Montehugh scanning the big men with scary faces. KANDOMERE (CONT’D) Step aside.
68) 11) dialog: Get the fuck out of my way. The SWAT COP shoves him. Kandomere stares at him, intense The moment hangs pregnant in time. With eerie calm... KANDOMERE (CONT’D) What’s your plan? You know I’m an elf, right? I can hear your heart speeding up. I can smell the adrenaline in your sweat. 74. Brown is right there. Menacing...
77) 0) text: SIX BLACK SUVs swarm the property. Kandomere and Gordon Vance pop out with a dozen hi-tech SPECIAL OPERATORS, everyone armored and tooled up for a firefight... Kandomere regards the house a beat. His eyes go wide.
77) 1) dialog: There’s a bright in the house.
77) 3) dialog: Have I been wrong yet? Vance turns to his men as they form assault teams.
81) 0) text: LIGHT AND FIRE EXPLODE OUT THE WINDOWS -- Vance and the o operators dive to the ground. ON KANDOMERE -- He doesn’t flinch. Even as the shockwave blows back his clothes...
83) 3) dialog: Help the child! Jakoby is surrounded. Tikka is immediately taken away fro him, rushed to the PARAMEDICS. FIRE ENGINES arrive... Jakoby is clearly dazed, barely able to stand, but he man to get up -- He’s headed back towards the house... 92. Across the street -- The intimidating Orcs of the Fogteet Gang have gathered to watch... Kandomere blocks Jakoby’s path... KANDOMERE (CONT’D) Stop. We got you. It’s safe now.
83) 5) dialog: Calm down. I know it’s something bigger. But you need to calm down. The house is now a complete inferno -- And Jakoby is will to walk right back in. Kandomere won’t allow that... Jakoby looks around, dazed. PEOPLE have finally come out their homes. Now liberated from the predations of the Altamira Gang. Sensing something special has happened...
83) 10) dialog: It’s over. You have to accept it. It’s over. Jakoby stares at the house and shudders in anguish. Heartbroken. Tears roll down his face... 93. KANDOMERE (CONT’D) Breathe. You need to breathe.
83) 13) dialog: He's dead. Jakoby stares at him, searching his face. Then:
87) 0) text: Outside their room Kandomere talks to a Marshall. He gets call and steps aside to take it...
87) 1) dialog: Any luck?
88) 2) dialog: How much is something?
88) 4) dialog: What value is thirty three seconds?
89) 0) text: Kandomere enters. Looks at the Jakoby and Ward. At these two incredible brave men. He's proud to know them... Kandomere unlocks Ward’s cuffs. Then frees Jakoby. The Marshall's see that...
89) 2) dialog: No. They’re not. They’re the good guys. Ward and Jakoby trade looks. Not fully understanding, but they know everything will somehow be okay. They reach out each other and shake... SLAM TO BLACK.