8) 0) text: Solidly in the hood. A black SUV pulls up. Two Federal Agents step out in black suits. One is human, he’s all ab Gracie Ju-Jitsu and fine tailoring -- This is MONTEHUGH. The taller Agent is lithe with striking dark skin and dazzling teal eyes. LIKE MOST ELVES his features are near human, if perhaps slightly stretched. Almost too perfect, barring of course, his pointed ears -- This is KANDOMERE.
8) 1) dialog: It’s, um, rustic here. I’m sure the inhabitants of this outpost have priceless knowledge to aid us on our quest. Kandomere cocks an eyebrow at him.
8) 3) dialog: My gains, bruh. Never mock my gains.
9) 0) text: Crammed and with lead paint and peeling asbestos. Kandome and Montehugh check in at the front desk. CAMERA FINDS JAKOBY -- In a nearby hallway, watching the Agents from the shadows. Nervous. Kandomere feels Jakoby’s gaze. Looks over. Jakoby is already gone.
30) 0) text: Kandomere, the Elf Fed we met earlier, flips through boxe arrest forms. His photographic memory drinking in the inf fast as he turns the page. Montehugh, his human partner, enters in a rush...
30) 1) dialog: Something’s going down. Kandomere looks up and cocks an eyebrow: “Go on.” MONTEHUGH (CONT’D) Tech services flagged some weird ass cellphone intercepts. Bunch’a cops talking about a bright-
30) 3) dialog: -and talking about a wand.
30) 5) dialog: Guess. They can't get out of there fast enough...
50) 0) text: Kandomere KNOCKS on the back of an old plumbing van hidde the shadows. Nothing. Grabs door handle. The door falls off CLATTERING to the street... Revealing two OBLITERATED BODIES inside! The first has be blasted into what looks like red spider-webs. The other i shattered like glass. It’s clear from the equipment racks it’s a SURVEILLANCE VAN. Montehugh joins Kandomere, holdi two assault rifles...
50) 2) dialog: Lemme get local PD down here to contain the area.
51) 0) text: Kandomere and Montehugh approach on foot, cautious, rifle low ready position. They SEE BROWN, the fratboy cop from station. Talking on his cell. He quickly hangs up...
51) 13) dialog: Agent Kandomere? He nods for him to join him. Out of earshot. For all of Kandomere’s Elvish wisdom and intellect, he’s not streets like Montehugh. MONTEHUGH (CONT’D) Hey. We gotta get Vance’s people down here right the fuck now and lock this place down. Local PD's got some dirty ass Rampart shit going down. There’s a wand on the streets. All bets are off. Kandomere processing. He’s right. The two Agents fading back to the street...
53) 0) text: Kandomere and Montehugh looking through the mess...
53) 1) dialog: We got the two bodies in the kitchen and the one in back the bright wanded. The guy the first responders shot. We know the Elf Girl was taken.
54) 1) dialog: We searched up here.
55) 0) text: A single candle burns on an altar. Various magic relics a scrolls. On the floor is a dead human -- His upper body h been turned to solid gold! Montehugh blinks...
55) 2) dialog: Get the fuck outta here. That’s evidence.
67) 0) text: Montehugh’s laptop connected to the server rack...
67) 2) dialog: Drive’s fried. The wand cooked it. If there’s video of our bright, it’1ll take a forensic lab to recover it. Kandomere frowns.
68) 0) text: A couple cars of LAPD SWAT COPS has pulled up. Brown talk to them excitedly. Kandomere and Montehugh rapidly approa the knot of cops. Wearing body armor over civilian clothe
68) 13) dialog: Kandomere. We’re going. BRDDDDDDT! -- Brown and the SWAT Cops open fire. Montehug falls dead -- But Kandomere flips backwards. Repeatedly, weaving and spinning as bullets hit all around him. Insan agile. Moving as only an Elf can. He dives in his SUV. Punches the gas and tears out of there. TICK-TICK-POCK! -- Bullets smashing into the back as he g He disappears up the block. The SWAT Cops about to pursue Brown WHISTLES piercingly...