0) 0) text: SCOTT WARD can’t sleep. He scowls in defiance at the gold midday sun scorching through the blinds. Plain but handso with an ‘I’m in charge here’ buzzcut. A thoughtful man, b no genius, he’s stymied by the daylight. We note the ANGR BRUISING on his 200-pushups-a-day chest. Ward tries to fall back asleep. No dice. He shifts his weight and peels his Glock off his sweaty back. Sighs and starts counting the cracks in his bedroom ceiling...
5) 10) text: Kayla at school says orcs do dumb stuff because they’re not as smart as people. Did Nick get you in trouble? I don’t want you be in trouble. Ward speaks carefully.
13) 1) text: MUCH IS FAMILIAR -- KIDS playing football in the street. HOMELESS PEOPLE in tent cities. HISPANIC FAMILIES buying from push carts. HOOKERS selling their souls. SOME LESS SO -- A tough looking group of ORCS glares AT CAMERA from the porch. An OGRE loads an Engine Block into pick-up. A LIZARD MAN sorts bottles and cans. A dwarf wom hurries along with her groceries, walking a small dog. South Central’s as South Central always was, and is as So Central’s never been...
17) 0) text: Resuming the backstory here -- Ward, flat on his back, st into the angry orange eyes of the Orc Gangbanger -- CLICK The Orc tosses the jammed shotgun and runs into a crowded SWAP MEET. Jakoby takes off after him...
20) 0) text: Isolated. High walls everywhere. Barbed wire. Black iron spikes. This is Altamira Locos country. Their graffiti everywhere. Ward and Jakoby cruise slowly. Jakoby clocks LITTLE HOMIE watching them from a porch...
31) 0) text: The sky is hesitant to release the day, its final soft bl glow recedes from the darkness. It’s unnaturally quiet on this evil isolated little street... HIDDEN ON THE PORCH -- Pollard, in agony, trying to dial iPhone. It’s maddening to work a touch screen through so much blood. He hears an SUV pull up. FOOTSTEPS approach. He sets down his cell. Grabs his gun... GIBSON crosses to the house. Stops to pick up WARD’S GUN. She could be 20 or 40. Her age and gender are a mystery. But she’s clearly an apex predator. Everything she does i weighted with thought, meaning and intent, down to the smallest movement. She steps over the bodies of Sergeant Ching and Hicks. Behind her are SLASHER and COWBOY, with carbines and body armor. They have that Special Forces vibe, a couple hundr confirmed kills between them. Gibson stepping, Pollard slumps with relief...
46) 0) text: PARTYGOERS react to the gunfire. Squatting down as one do in the Hood. They’re mostly ORCS, many in Fogteeth Gang colors -- Black and orange. They aren't happy to see the cops... WHACK! -- An Altamira bullet hits the porch. Now the Orcs pull guns and RETURN FIRE!
47) 0) text: Claustrophobic, dark and way too loud. Crowded with danci bodies. Mostly Orcs. A few Humans. With no clue about the drama outside. Jakoby and Ward plowing through them. Ward blood-slick arm smears a HOTTIE. She starts SCREAMING. Getting them noticed... Ores close around Ward. Shoving him roughly. Jakoby sees one draw a knife! Jakoby covers Tikka’s eyes and PEPPER SPRAYS THE ENTIRE ROOM! The fucking Red Sea parts and Jak grabs Ward by his belt... 53.
48) 0) text: Jakoby crashes out the back door dragging a blinded and bloodied Ward and a screaming Tikka. Livid pepper sprayed Orcs following him out... KABOOM! -- Jakoby fires the shotgun in the air and growls something in ORKISH. Stalling their pursuers. He scoops u Tikka and hauls Ward through the back gate into another alley. They disappear into the night...
65) 0) text: The windows are boarded, the furniture torn. Orc black velvet paintings and Orc kitsch decorate the place. The r is packed with FOGTEETH ORCS of various shapes and sizes, repping their gang with black and orange. Kneeling among them on the floor are Jakoby and Ward. Tik between them, crying silently. Dorghu kneels in front of Jakoby. He smiles. Fatherly.
66) 0) text: THE FLOOR HAS BEEN RIPPED OUT -- Above an incredibly deep pit, dug deep beneath the house, vanishing into darkness. Ward and Jakoby are laid face down so their heads hang ov the edge. The Big Orcs stand over them, a boot on their backs. Ward and Jakoby staring into the abyss. They trade looks and sad little smiles -- Each saying to the other “ with you my brother, I'm with you." Dorghu’s huge paw clasping Tikka’s throat...
83) 2) dialog: BRDDDDT! -- Gordon opens fire, Kandomere with his Elvin reflexes shoves his gun down just in time... Jakoby stumbles and drops to his knees...