28) 27) dialog: You need some help officer?
28) 29) dialog: So why are all the cops blasting on each other?
28) 31) dialog: And sabes que, homie? Word on the street’s there’s a wand in the hood. Jakoby REACTS. The Veteranos slowly encircling him...
28) 34) dialog: When the little homie told me, I’m like ‘hell no’. A wand? In this motherfucker? Naw. Then I hear all these cops are blasting each other. Now that’s worthy of exploration. Jakoby, noting how close they are, gets behind the driver door...
28) 36) dialog: That’s it, huh? That shit don’t belong to the Government. (MORE )
28) 38) dialog: It belongs to the Community. To the people. We'll take it now. Jakoby aims the shotgun at Poison...
35) 0) text: The wrecked cop car still smoking. No movement inside -- cars slowly approach. Stop at a distance. Doors open. Poison and six Veteranos get out. SHADOW starts toward th cop car. Poison grabs his collar, stopping him.
35) 1) dialog: Kick back, fool. Poison pulls a Mac 10 from his back -- BRDDDDDDDDDT! Punc a couple dozen holes in the wreck. Dogs bark. Lights burn in houses. No one dares come out.
35) 2) dialog: Alright, let’s do this. They advance on the wreck -- Find it empty. Poison reache in. His fingers come out wet -- Blood. He shows his homie
35) 4) dialog: Tranquilo, ese. No one’s coming for them or they’d be here. These fools got no ride, no back-up and they're leaking blood.
35) 6) dialog: I want every homie in the Hood going door to door like Avon. These dudes are close. The Veteranos start texting the world on their cells. Poi squats in the street. Smells the night air. Looks around with a hunter’s eye...
36) 0) text: BEHIND A DUMPSTER -- Jakoby holds Tikka, one hand over he mouth, the other grips the shotgun. Ward next to them. A bloody cut on his forehead from the crash. The wand is tucked into Jakoby’s belt. Jakoby leans out. SEES Poison and his homies spreading out. Searching.
42) 0) text: The Pitbulls strain against their chains as ten armed VETERANOS stare at the garage door. Poison picks up the lock. Turns to the others with a finger over his lips.
42) 3) dialog: .--Shhhh... Nods for a Veterano to open the door. Guns are raised...
72) 14) dialog: Hey. Ward and Jakoby look around -- Altamira Veteranos have ta up positions all around the car lot. They’re surrounded a unarmed. It’s over.
72) 15) dialog: My pops bought lottery tickets every week. Wanted to get us out of the hood. To put us through college. His number never hit. Dude dropped dead mowing someone else’s fucking lawn. So I learned you only bet on sure things. The wand’s a sure thing. A long, empty beat. You can feel the sweat in the air.
72) 17) dialog: Fuck you. Here’s what’s up. Elf girl gets a pass to grow up and do whatever she’s gonna do with her life. But you two putos are dead. And I get the wand. Because dreams do come true. My dreams. Jakoby stares at Ward, Ward stares at Jakoby. Tikka steps forward and holds out the wand...
72) 19) dialog: Is... Is that it? THE LIGHTS FLICKER. Several go out. Tikka REACTS.
72) 21) dialog: Hey little homegirl. Why’s that shit glowing?
72) 23) dialog: Fuck this. We’re killing everyone right now. .--Silence... Poison looks over to his men. SEES a splatt of blood here. A torn piece of flesh there. They're all gone...
72) 24) dialog: What the f-- --THWICK! -- A pallid veiny hand RIPS HIS THROAT OUT! Poi falls facedown on the asphalt -- And there she is!