10) 14) dialog: Hi guys. If we’re done handing Ward ammo for his inevitable lawsuit against the Department, it’s time to drink in the Captain's wisdom.
11) 5) dialog: Yessir! A former Marine, she snaps to with her clipboard... SERGEANT CHING (CONT’D) After I call your name, get your shotguns and radios and deploy. I don’t want to see you here unless there’s badguys under the desks. Pollard. Brown. You’re working Three-A-Four.
11) 7) dialog: I will fuck you up, Pollard. I give zero fucks how much time in grade you got. Zero fucks. Ward, Jakoby. Three-A-Nine. Gomez and the rookie with the unpronounceable Thai surname. Three-A-Six. Jakoby and Ward can’t get out of there fast enough...
24) 0) text: Pollard, the dick cop from earlier, Hicks and Ward all st at the wand on the kitchen table. Sergeant Ching enters..
24) 1) dialog: There’s a blood trail leaving the property. Smells weird like gasoline.
24) 5) dialog: That was before Twitter. We don’t want to start a panic. You said the elf kid used the wand?
24) 7) dialog: What’s the kid saying?
24) 25) dialog: Hicks back off. Scott, you need this just as much we do. Maybe more. People depend on you. People care about you. You want to be there for them, right? Fuck she's scary.
26) 2) dialog: Pollard, he’s spinning.
26) 5) dialog: Whoa. Easy. Bring it down.
31) 0) text: The sky is hesitant to release the day, its final soft bl glow recedes from the darkness. It’s unnaturally quiet on this evil isolated little street... HIDDEN ON THE PORCH -- Pollard, in agony, trying to dial iPhone. It’s maddening to work a touch screen through so much blood. He hears an SUV pull up. FOOTSTEPS approach. He sets down his cell. Grabs his gun... GIBSON crosses to the house. Stops to pick up WARD’S GUN. She could be 20 or 40. Her age and gender are a mystery. But she’s clearly an apex predator. Everything she does i weighted with thought, meaning and intent, down to the smallest movement. She steps over the bodies of Sergeant Ching and Hicks. Behind her are SLASHER and COWBOY, with carbines and body armor. They have that Special Forces vibe, a couple hundr confirmed kills between them. Gibson stepping, Pollard slumps with relief...
68) 4) dialog: You're not in charge here.
68) 8) dialog: We're not debating this. Elf. grinds his jaw in disbelief. Montehugh gripping is Thumb on the safety. The tension is very real.