5) 1) dialog: Daddy! INT. WARD'S HOUSE - SOPHIA’S BEDROOM - DAY Ward's little daughter SOPHIA tries to cram a mound of stuffed animals into her backpack. Ward sits on her bed, eating a banana.
5) 2) dialog: They don’t fit.
5) 4) dialog: If I only take two the rest will miss them.
5) 6) dialog: Daddy I’m only going for one night. Ward laughs. Then...
5) 7) dialog: Are you in trouble?
5) 9) dialog: Mom said you and Nick are in trouble because Nick did something dumb. Ward makes a mental note -- Total information lockdown ti with Sherry. Before he can craft a response...
5) 12) dialog: Can elves really talk to dragons?
5) 14) dialog: Kayla says--
5) 16) dialog: No, Kayla never gets in trouble.
5) 27) dialog: Hi Nick! Sophia exits with a big smile for Jakoby...
5) 29) dialog: We're packing for grandma’s.
5) 32) dialog: Don’t tell Nick to shut up, he’s a person too!
6) 0) text: Jakoby drives. Sophia in back listening to headphones. Wa quietly seethes...
7) 0) text: Ward hugs Sophia goodbye. SHERRI’S MOTHER looks on, while Jakoby waits with the car. Ward SEES Sophia’s crying.
7) 2) dialog: I don’t want you to die.
7) 4) dialog: But mommy said Nick is going to get you killed. Ward can barely contain his anger.
7) 6) dialog: I don’t want you to be dead. I hate you being a policeman. Everybody hates policemen! Sophia twists away. Runs crying towards the house. Ward absorbs the blow for a moment. When he returns to the car Jakoby is gentle with this...
56) 5) dialog: I’m making daddy a card. She shows grandma a crude drawing of Ward, Jakoby and her under a smiling sun. It reads: “SORRY I WAS MEAN DADDY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH EVERYTHING WILL BE OK!”
86) 0) text: Ward is in a hospital bed with someone else’s hair next t his face. It’s SOPHIA! She’s crawled into the hospital be with him. She’s asleep. Ward is heavily bandaged, pale, hooked up to machines. Everything's blurry and confusing. He looks down at Sophi and buries his face in her hair, tears streaming down his face. He didn't believe he'd get this moment... Sophia hugs a piece of paper. Ward reaches for it. Slides it out of her arms. Looks at it. Chokes with emotion... It's her crayon drawing of Ward and Jakoby... An ELVEN NURSE enters. Checks numbers on machines. SEES He’s conscious. Checks his pulse. All business...