25) 2) dialog: (subtitled) Tikka. My name is Tikka. We have to leave before they come back.
29) 0) text: Jakoby barrels up the street. Tikka screaming in fear. Jakoby breathing hard. It feels so good to get away... 40.
36) 0) text: BEHIND A DUMPSTER -- Jakoby holds Tikka, one hand over he mouth, the other grips the shotgun. Ward next to them. A bloody cut on his forehead from the crash. The wand is tucked into Jakoby’s belt. Jakoby leans out. SEES Poison and his homies spreading out. Searching.
38) 0) text: Ward kicks off a padlock then leans on the garage door, u his weight to roll it up. Tikka dives under it. Then Ward drops and rolls inside...
39) 0) text: Ward closes it with his boot. Then it rolls back up. Revealing Jakoby -- He had second thoughts. Jakoby closes the door behind him. Tikka cowers in the corner. Ward loo at Jakoby, yell whispers:
39) 5) dialog: Shhbbh. Both men go quiet, listen -- HEAR approaching VOICES. Jak looks at Ward. Ward looks at Jakoby. THEN... Jakoby uncuffs him. Pulls his Glock. Hands it to Ward. They aim their gun at the door.
41) 0) text: Tikka draws odd runes in the dust on an old mirror. Jakob cleans Ward's forehead wound. Ward has been explaining.
41) 21) dialog: (subtitled) She's coming for her wand. We must go.
41) 24) dialog: (subtitled) The witch. Jakoby REACTS...
43) 0) text: Jakoby and Ward enter the connected house from the back o the garage with Tikka in tow and silently clear the dark house. They startle a Latina SINGLE MOM in her pajamas...
44) 0) text: Jakoby nearly takes the back door off its hinges. A VETER is right there! He opens fire -- POP-POP-POP! KABOOM! -- Jakoby fires the shotgun. Shredding the fucker Ward covers Tikka’s eyes so she doesn’t see the body. Jak jumps a fence. Ward hands him Tikka and follows...
45) 0) text: Veteranos YELLING. WHISTLING. Ward and Jakoby running. Jakoby holding Tikka. Two Veteranos vault the fence into alley and open fire -- POP-POP-POP-POP! Ward stops. Draws and aims. Bullets ZIP past his head. Ward focuses on breathing. Sight picture. Trigger squeeze BAM-BAM! -- The two Veteranos drop with headshots. Say wh you want about Ward but the dude’s a natural born gunfigh He runs to catch up to Jakoby... EXT. SOUTH LA —- ANOTHER STREET - NIGHT (SAME TIME) Jakoby and Ward running. Tikka in Jakoby’s arms. We hear the WHISTLES and SHOUTS of the angry storm of Gangsters intercepting them... UP THE STREET -- Is a raucous HOUSE PARTY. Bass THUMPS. Vapes glow. 40’s are drained. Girls in underwear are hose down. Fun and games to escape the heat.
47) 0) text: Claustrophobic, dark and way too loud. Crowded with danci bodies. Mostly Orcs. A few Humans. With no clue about the drama outside. Jakoby and Ward plowing through them. Ward blood-slick arm smears a HOTTIE. She starts SCREAMING. Getting them noticed... Ores close around Ward. Shoving him roughly. Jakoby sees one draw a knife! Jakoby covers Tikka’s eyes and PEPPER SPRAYS THE ENTIRE ROOM! The fucking Red Sea parts and Jak grabs Ward by his belt... 53.
48) 0) text: Jakoby crashes out the back door dragging a blinded and bloodied Ward and a screaming Tikka. Livid pepper sprayed Orcs following him out... KABOOM! -- Jakoby fires the shotgun in the air and growls something in ORKISH. Stalling their pursuers. He scoops u Tikka and hauls Ward through the back gate into another alley. They disappear into the night...
57) 0) text: Jakoby gives Ward a water. Tikka curled up, asleep.
60) 0) text: Jakoby and Ward hug the floor, uncuffing each other with keys Tikka recovered...
62) 0) text: It’s quiet. Just the sound of leaking soda. Ward nods at the back door. Jakoby shakily nods back. To Tikka...
63) 0) text: Ward, Jakoby and Tikka exit -- BRDDDDDT! -- Cowboy is rig there and opens fire! Tikka balks, Ward scoops her up wit his good arm... It's Jakoby’s turn to shine -- He scoops up the shotgun, turns and fires -- KABOOM! -- The blast flooring Cowboy! Now Slasher appears from the side -- BRDDDT! His burst crashes into Jakoby’s shotgun, smashing the receiver. 65. In a fit of rage Jakoby hurls the shotgun Slasher with al his considerable might... Slasher just blocks it from smashing his skull, but is se tumbling ass over tea kettle. Ward, Jakoby and Tikka make across the street. Vanishing between a row of shops... Gibson arrives to find Slasher staggering to his feet. An Cowboy laying in an expanding pool of blood, already slap on a bandage. He’s one tough motherfucker...
64) 0) text: Ward, Jakoby and Tikka running. Suddenly wand in Jakoby’s belt begins GLOWING -- He's YANKED BACKWARDS -- Lands har on his back, the wand falling free: Once again they went too far and too fast and triggered t spell binding the wand to its owner -- Whoever or whateve that may be... Jarred loose, the wand lays in the street, next to Jakoby Ward rushes back to help his partner. Finds Jakoby is stunned. His uniform smoking from the wand.
65) 8) dialog: There is no wand. 68. Dorghu stares at Tikka, then nods to Jakoby, who is pulle to his knees. He grabs Jakoby’s face.
66) 0) text: THE FLOOR HAS BEEN RIPPED OUT -- Above an incredibly deep pit, dug deep beneath the house, vanishing into darkness. Ward and Jakoby are laid face down so their heads hang ov the edge. The Big Orcs stand over them, a boot on their backs. Ward and Jakoby staring into the abyss. They trade looks and sad little smiles -- Each saying to the other “ with you my brother, I'm with you." Dorghu’s huge paw clasping Tikka’s throat...
69) 0) text: The neighborhood illegal trash dump. Ward and Jakoby are shoved out of a truck. Then Tikka is pushed out as well. Both of them are virtually pulped at this point. But Jako is in truly dire shape. Ward crawls to him...
69) 6) dialog: (subtitled) My job was to learn magic to keep a wand safe. The Dark Lord will return and I am meant to fight him. But I have no wand of my own. A witch came to kill me and the Brothers of Light saved me. The witch left her wand behind.
69) 8) dialog: (subtitled) I can’t fix him.
69) 10) dialog: (broken English) If I use this ... Witch find us.
69) 12) dialog: Mendovia. A beautiful, rippling pulse of “energy” drifts off the wa and passes over Jakoby’s limp form -- Instantaneously we CLICKS and SNAPS as Jakoby’s body repairs itself!
70) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS gloppy footprints of black, shiny blood. T lead to bare feet which drag, shuffle and twitch ... WE T UP and SEE a veiny woman’s body in a ratty dress. This is THE WITCH. The wand's owner... Tikka’s voice rolls in like a distant echo -- “Mendovia."
72) 12) dialog: (subtitled) She's coming. She’s coming. Ward hauls Jakoby to his feet.
72) 20) dialog: »--NO...no...NO... The wand starts glowing, shedding heat ripples -- We’ve s this before...
72) 22) dialog: (subtitled) She's here. Jakoby looks at Ward -- Shit!
72) 33) dialog: (screaming)
76) 0) text: FROM A LOW ANGLE -- We watch Ward enter the kitchen... REVERSE -- Tikka’s curled up under the sink, hidden by so pots. She waves gently. Trying to get Ward’s attention. H doesn’t see her... ON GIBSON -- Moving almost spectrally as she glides forwa Trying to get an angle on Ward... CLOSE ON WARD -- He can’t see her. But he pauses. Biting his lip. Maybe he feels a change in air pressure or
83) 0) text: Jakoby stumbles out of the house with Tikka in his arms. Towards a jittery firing squad of Special Operators!
90) 0) text: Tikka sits staring at a candle. Reciting magical incantations -- Training for what's to come... --The End--