0) 4) dialog: Mr. Yampolsky, you have followed all the rules. You will pass your test tomorrow, I am sure of it. The boy DRUMS on the wheel, mimes dancing in his seat. (CONTINUED)
0) 16) dialog: Excuse me, you said Hudson and Jane Street?
1) 0) text: Darwan pulls up in front of a narrow three-story brownsto
1) 1) dialog: We are here. Number six hundred. Wendy stuffs a twenty in his tray and gets out. Her face obscured but he can tell she's crying. As she stumbles to door, Darwan jumps out with the money. DARWAN (cont'd) No, please. He paid me already -- But Wendy is already inside, and the door SLAMS shut. INT. FRONT HALL - WENDY'S HOUSE —- CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 1
2) 5) dialog: (WHISPERS )
2) 6) text: Preet. The boy doesn't hear at first, his ears blocked by the earbuds from the iPod in his pocket. DARWAN (cont'd) Preet! Preet looks up, smiling sheepishly as he pulls out the earbuds. He joins Darwan in the hallway.
2) 8) dialog: (interrupts; re: iPod) Where did you get that?
2) 10) dialog: Preet, you must save your money.
2) 12) dialog: And turn that around. Darwan is referring to Preet's head wrap which is knotted the back gangsta-style. DARWAN (cont'd) If you can't wear it properly, then put on the dastaar. [turban] (CONTINUED)
5) 21) dialog: You left this in my cab.
5) 23) dialog: I don't want anything. I like to help. (CONTINUED)
5) 28) dialog: Yes, I am. From Queens.
6) 0) text: Wendy talks on the phone to Tasha. She has DARWAN'S CARD her hand.
6) 6) text: Darwan enters the temple.
7) 2) text: This is a long, carpeted room. MEN in turbans and WOMEN w scarves sit on the floor meditating, praying, or listenin the MUSICIANS SINGING verses from the Holy Book (Granth Sahib) which lies open on a low platform next to them. A WORSHIPPER sits before the Book, reading its Punjabi text ANOTHER flicks a horse-hair switch above him (traditional to ward off flies and dust). Darwan approaches the book with palms together (namaste), kneeling and bowing. The Worshipper rises and takes his turn with the switch, while Darwan sits before the Book and reads... We hear the sound of the music playing. We also see kids six or seven seated in an a spacious room taking a Tabla class with an Old Tabla Teacher. INT. COMMUNAL ROOM, GURDWARA - MINUTES LATER -— MORNING
7) 3) text: Darwan shares tea, food and CHAT with other WORSHIPPERS (eating communally is traditional following prayers).
7) 5) dialog: (into phone) Okay...I have no one at three... (CONTINUED)
7) 9) dialog: Darwan Singh. For your driving lesson, please.
8) 1) text: Darwan gazes around, noting the clutter and the dust. Wendy arrives at the foot of the stairs: pallid, wearing black sweats this time, her reading glasses atop her head tangled in her hair.
8) 3) dialog: Why, if I may ask?
8) 7) dialog: Don't pay me. But I will ask a small favor from you.
8) 9) dialog: Come sit in the car. The driver's seat. So you get used to it.
8) 11) dialog: Let me do my job just a little. INT. STUDENT CAR —- A LITTLE LATER — DAY 34 ANGLE ON KEY IN CAR IGNITION - WENDY's hand turns it CLOCKWISE -- one click.
8) 12) dialog: First position turns on the electrical system. Now second position... Wendy turns the key further. The motor THRUMS to life. AN ON MIRRORS - REAR, LEFT SIDE, RIGHT SIDE. DARWAN (0.S.) (cont'd) Next, you have three mirrors. Rear view, left, and right --
8) 14) dialog: I never learned to cook because I thought my mother would always be there to cook for me. She is gone, and I am here, so I make my own food.
8) 18) dialog: (smiles; shrugs) No point. So: check your three mirrors. Then turn your head to see the blind spot. ON WENDY - her hands are tight with tension on the wheel. Darwan coaches her from the passenger seat. DARWAN (cont'd) Put on your left signal. Wendy gropes for the signal post and turns on the wipers instead.
8) 20) dialog: Now turn the wheel all the way to the left. (she obeys) Now the gas pedal. The car moves forward a mere foot -- she brakes suddenly. DARWAN (cont'd) What's the matter?
8) 22) dialog: That's good.
8) 24) dialog: (twinkles ) Well, you have to go forward now because I haven't taught you how to back up. Check your mirrors again. Turn your head... As she turns her head, an AMBULANCE SCREAMS past. (CONTINUED)
8) 28) dialog: Nothing will happen. I am always here with the other brake. Now. Press your foot -- WENDY'S FOOT JABS THE ACCELERATOR. THE CAR LEAPS forward. DARWAN'S FOOT PRESSES HIS SAFETY BRAKE, STOPPING the car. DARWAN (cont'd) Press the pedal gradually. Down, and release. THE CAR JERKS further into the lane. DARWAN (0.S.) (cont'd) Straighten the wheel. THE TIRES swivel straight. DARWAN (cont'd) Press the pedal. Gradually... WENDY'S FOOT presses gradually down...on the brake. DARWAN (cont'd) The pedal, not the brake. THE CAR creeps forward. OVERHEAD SHOT - Slowly the car joins traffic.
8) 30) dialog: For now, it's simple: just go straight.
8) 37) dialog: She looks sour. She would complain a lot.
8) 39) dialog: (roughly) Be quiet! Never speak to me like that again! Cowed, Preet shuts up. DARWAN (cont'd) You were just a skinny scared boy when I took you in. I promised your mother to help you and now you give me cheek, and disrespect. They walk for a beat in silence. Cooling off, Darwan mana a smile. DARWAN (cont'd) You were stinky, too. Smeared all over with garlic paste.
8) 41) dialog: It's a wonder the border guards didn't smell you coming.
8) 44) dialog: Teach yourself to see everything. Your eyes should go from sidewalk to sidewalk, and one block ahead.
8) 52) dialog: It comes with time. POV - PASSING PEOPLE: A WOMAN WITH STROLLER steps off the curb; a DELIVERY MAN opens his van door; a SKATEBOARDER curves across the lane; KIDS around an MISTER SOFTEE TRUC DARWAN (0.S.) (cont'd) Be aware of living as well as non- living things. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
8) 59) dialog: That's a red light. Wendy snaps to attention, looks up: sure enough, she almo went through a RED LIGHT. She jokes to cover up her embarrassment.
8) 61) dialog: Don't talk, Wendy. When you talk, you don't see. He points her eyes up. The LIGHT IS GREEN. Cars behind HO Wendy drives on, trying to stay focused. DARWAN (cont'd) Get in the left lane. Slow...Signal. WENDY gropes, finds the signal this time. DARWAN (cont'd) Read the signs...See everything...
8) 70) dialog: The light. He's pointing up to the GREEN LIGHT. Rattled, she tromps on the pedal and the CAR LEAPS FORWAR DARWAN BRAKES on his side. The car avoids hitting a JAYWA with his iPod on loud.
8) 72) dialog: Why didn't you see him? (beat) Were you wandering?
8) 74) dialog: Every time it will get easier. Now, drive on. (CONTINUED)
8) 78) dialog: Take the wheel. Press the pedal. She puts her hands on the wheel, then shakes her head no.
8) 81) dialog: (firm) No. You will do it, and I will help. INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT — DAY 38 Darwan and his nephew Preet huddle around his cell phone. Darwan is talking to his sister RASBIR (Preet's mother, m 40's) on FaceTime: she is seen in closeup on the phone's screen.
8) 83) dialog: Why hasn't she been married?
8) 90) dialog: Yes, but can I talk to her and see her like we're doing?
8) 93) dialog: I'll think about it. Rasbir, please...take the phone to the window. Show me the street, the sun, the sky, everything.
10) 0) text: Returning to his apartment, Darwan sees an American MAN leaning against a black CAR parked in front. Waiting. Something about him makes Darwan tense up instinctively. 4l 8/21/13 31. INT. OUTSIDE DARWAN'S APARTMENT - SECONDS LATER —- MAGI Pausing outside his door, Darwan hears MEN'S VOICES withi speaking English. TIGHT ON DARWAN - His face is suddenly bathed in sweat, h breathing ragged. XCU - HIS HAND goes slowly to the door knob. Before he ca turn it: THE DOOR BANGS OPEN. Two of Darwan's Sikh Roommates emerg escorted roughly by two official-looking men (IMMIGRATION AGENTS). His roommates look at Darwan with helpless dread they are rushed past. A third AGENT brings up the rear, stopping short when he Darwan.
10) 2) dialog: I am Darwan Singh. American citizen.
10) 4) dialog: Political asylum.
10) 7) dialog: (to himself; frantic) Preet... There's a faint NOISE on the other side of a wall. DARWAN (cont'd) Preet! INT. BATHROOM —- BASEMENT APARTMENT — CONTINUOUS - DA As Darwan rushes in, the cabinet door under the sink THRO OPEN. Preet is inside, extricating himself from the vanit where he hid by contorting himself into an impossibly tig ball. He spills onto the bath mat, one foot still stuck i the plumbing. Darwan helps him up.
10) 9) dialog: They took Teji and Raam. Thank God you're safe.
10) 11) dialog: I'll find us another place -
10) 13) dialog: (taken aback) You have a girlfriend?
10) 17) dialog: This is a very poor decision. My sister will blame me.
11) 0) text: Darwan sits in prayer. His attention is drawn to: AN OLDER SIKH MAN praying with his WIFE alongside him. Th lips move together. EXT. WENDY'S HOUSE — DAY 46 Darwan waits in the student car in his customary spot, pa at the hydrant in front of Wendy's house. A lovesick INDI BALLAD plays on his radio. He hardly hears it, still deep thought. Wendy bursts from the house, her hair chaotic, glowering anger over her divorce.
11) 2) dialog: Point your eyes at the middle of the lane. The same as a gun. Your peripheral vision sees all the rest. ANGLE - PASSING A PAIR OF STREET TOUGHS. They spot Darwan with his turban.
11) 7) dialog: Every day. People try to push your buttons. You don't engage with them. Especially when you drive. She comes to a stop at the intersection. DARWAN (cont'd) You are on top of the crosswalk. Next time stop where you can see the lines. ON WENDY - grits her teeth. The constant stream of critic even delivered in Darwan's neutral tone, is getting to he Traffic moves again. Suddenly a SPORTS CAR ZOOMS past, an abruptly in front of her, inches from the bumper, cutting off. Wendy POUNDS THE HORN.
11) 9) dialog: Don't lean on the horn. It's not a boat. Just a short tap.
11) 11) dialog: (controls his shock) I think it is time to discuss road rage. You must learn to be calm and relaxed, not only to drive but in your life as well.
11) 13) dialog: Prayer helps me. I pray every day. (CONTINUED)
11) 17) dialog: I am not Hindu. I am a Sikh. We have only one God, like yours.
11) 19) dialog: Eyes forward.
11) 21) dialog: Be careful to see every person before you. They may not have the right of way but you are the one driving a deadly weapon... He looks over. Wendy has a glazed look he has come to kno well. She doesn't notice she's rolling right through a ST SIGN. DARWAN'S HAND WRENCHES THE WHEEL FROM HER. THE CAR pulls over to the curb. DARWAN (cont'd) Where were you just now? You don't seem to notice anything. Observation, Wendy, observation. This is your weakness.
11) 25) dialog: Tell me why you want to drive.
11) 27) dialog: And how do you want to get there?
11) 29) dialog: You want to arrive in one piece? Or two pieces? Or three?
11) 31) dialog: Look at me. The urgency in his voice makes her turn back to him. She surprised to see the depth of compassion in his eyes, although she has spent the lesson baiting him. DARWAN (cont'd) It doesn't matter what is going on in your life out there, you must shut it out. When you are here, when you are at the wheel of a car, this is all there is. Your life: right now. So take care of it,
14) 2) text: It's done. A big FLAT-SCREEN TV is perched on a cabinet a with a DVD PLAYER, SPEAKERS and SUB-WOOFER. Everyone's ve excited. Darwan plays with four remotes, trying to turn t TV on. At last, the image ignites on the screen. DING-DONG 0O.S. The doorbell.
18) 1) dialog: No. No. She is not this kind of woman. 61 INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT —- QUEENS — DAY 61
18) 6) dialog: She will be modest, I think. This would shock her.
18) 8) dialog: No.
18) 10) dialog: I don't want her to get the idea that this is how I think of her. It's disrespectful.
18) 12) dialog: I'll wait for her birthday. EXT. WENDY'S STREET -— DAY 62 ANGLE ON TIRES of student car ROLLING BACKWARD slowly.... They swivel sharply, still backing up...then with a JOLT, THEY MOUNT THE CURB.
18) 18) dialog: Wendy, how do you know if you've put in enough salt and pepper when you are making a beef stew?
18) 20) dialog: Right. So what do you do if you've lost track of the way the car is pointing when you parallel-park?
18) 22) dialog: You just let the car move back a tiny bit and see which way it goes -- you taste the direction.
18) 24) dialog: Right. You adjust a little bit, and a little bit -- and now I've made myself hungry. I will go home and make myself a curry. She smiles wanly, preoccupied. DARWAN (cont'd) You look very nice today. She looks at him as if seeing a man for the first time.
18) 30) dialog: Wendy...what does a woman like for a gift?
18) 32) dialog: (brightens ) Ah!...
18) 34) dialog: Yes, a fine idea.
18) 36) dialog: (LAUGHS; accepts it) A check, of course. INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT -— NIGHT 64 Darwan carefully wraps a small book in gift paper.
18) 44) dialog: The school buys the cheapest cars. I will take you someplace cooler. He smiles mysteriously. EXT. 59TH STREET —- MINUTES LATER — DAY 67 Wendy waits in heavy traffic at a stoplight. Looking ahea she realizes that the street ascends straight into...
18) 46) dialog: Yes. Today you are going over a bridge. (CONTINUED)
18) 50) dialog: Just keep going. (CONTINUED)
18) 54) dialog: We'll take it slowly. Now go straight.
18) 56) dialog: Wendy, you must move. The car creeps forward. The LIGHT CHANGES before she has reached the opposite side of the intersection. Now the CR TRAFFIC APPROACHES and she's "blocking the box." More HONKING. Wendy and Darwan shout above the noise:
18) 58) dialog: Because I know what you can do better than you! His calm obstinacy infuriates her, but there's no choice: must drive ahead, and that means mounting the bridge. Her fingers tighten on the wheel. GREEN LIGHT. She drives forward, slow as a tortoise.
19) 2) dialog: Don't look down. Focus on the center of the lane, and it's just another road. Except it's in the sky. Think of yourself as a bird. You are floating on the wind. Feel how happy it is, how easy --
19) 6) dialog: Fear is a good thing. If you are afraid, then you will pay more attention. No more tuning out, Wendy.
19) 8) dialog: Congratulations. You can let go the death grip now.
19) 10) dialog: But you have to drive back.
19) 12) dialog: No way. I'm happy here in Queens. EXT. QUEENS - SEQUENCE OF SHOTS — DAY 70
19) 13) text: MONTAGE OF QUEENS NEIGHBORHOODS, as Wendy drives through; Darwan and Wendy converse O.S.
19) 14) dialog: Queens is part of New York, too. PASSING an Asian district, where throngs of SHOPPERS stro under signs in Chinese, Thai, Singaporean, Malaysian; pas karaoke bars, Chinese herb shops... DARWAN (0.S.) (cont'd) We don't have skyscrapers and Times Square and Trump palaces. We only have...more people. PASSING the "African Poetry Theater," PEOPLE on the stree wear dashikis and doo-rags... DARWAN (0.S.) (cont'd) Many different people. Families. (CONTINUED)
19) 18) dialog: Just my nephew, my sister's son. She lives in Punjab. PASSING under the arcade of the elevated subway line, we LATINOS -- Filipino, Ecuadorian, Peruvian -- on the stree open produce markets with Spanish signs...
19) 20) dialog: They're dead. OUT THE WINDOW - TAIWANESE KIDS flying MODEL PLANES in th park. PAN UP TO SEE A JUMBO JET ROAR low above the treetops, he for JFK Airport...
19) 22) dialog: (frowns ) I didn't tell you to turn.
19) 24) dialog: You're from Queens?! After a double-take, he bursts out LAUGHING. DARWAN (cont'd) You played a good joke on me. WENDY'S POV - PASSING an old heap at the curb. In the driver's seat is a MAN in a Mets' cap, smoking. (CONTINUED)
19) 29) dialog: There will be a reward.
19) 32) dialog: (jumping out of the car) Wait here. (CONTINUED)
19) 41) dialog: Here is your reward. EXT. BEACH - LATER — DAY 74 TRACK WITH WENDY AND DARWAN eating ICE CREAM BARS as they stroll away from the SUNBATHERS.
19) 46) dialog: I was a university professor, like my father.
19) 48) dialog: For a better job I would have to take off my turban, shave my beard. People think I look dangerous. But this is how I know who I am. And here it is too easy to forget.
19) 50) dialog: I can never go home to India. It's part of political asylum. I could not see my father before he died last year.
19) 52) dialog: I missed my mother's funeral, too, but that was when I was in prison there.
19) 54) dialog: For nothing. For being a Sikh. The police had already killed my brother. They said he was a terrorist, and they had to shoot him because he ambushed them, but it was a lie. Then they punished the rest of the family. All of us were tortured, my father, my uncle, even my mother. They let my sister alone because she was too young. Back then there was no justice for Sikhs.
19) 58) dialog: A long time. 8/21/13 51A. (CONTINUED)
19) 62) dialog: We have to get you back to Manhattan. (to himself) Oh my God... 75 8/21/13 53.
19) 65) dialog: Turn on your lights.
19) 67) dialog: Dial to the next position. She returns her eyes quickly to the intersection. WENDY'S POV - The Man in the Met's cap is gone. WENDY turns her head. The Man APPEARS beside her open win His windbreaker hood is pulled down; his face is in shado
19) 69) dialog: You have the light! Go now! (CONTINUED)
19) 79) dialog: Why did you stop? Wendy cowers in the driver's seat.
19) 81) dialog: Oh my dear God -- pull over!
19) 88) dialog: Please, it was my student --
19) 96) dialog: It was a student driver, sir... The Cop notes Darwan's turban and his unease.
19) 98) dialog: Richmond Hill.
19) 100) dialog: India.
19) 102) dialog: (produces ID) I am an American citizen. Cop scrutinizes Darwan's ID and license.
19) 109) dialog: (exasperated) Wendy, stay in the car.
19) 116) text: Darwan gets in the student car, stuffs the papers in the glove compartment. But not before getting soaking wet fro
19) 118) dialog: Put on your seat belt.
19) 120) dialog: What is "okay"?! I have a car bashed up to hell and my boss angry at me! STUDENT CAR -— CONTINUOUS - NIGHT 79
19) 121) text: The car is still parked as DARWAN collects himself from t recent activities. The rain continues.
19) 123) dialog: You pay nothing. The school has insurance. But the five-hundred dollar deductible, who pays that? I do! Do you know how much I work for five hundred dollars?
19) 125) dialog: I cannot take your money. That is not how I am. What were you doing? All you have to do is drive straight through an intersection, everything is clear -- and you stop! (CONTINUED)
19) 129) dialog: Bad things happen in just one second! You can lose everything! And you don't get another try!
19) 131) dialog: You can think about anything you want when you write, but when you drive you think only about driving! (brusquely) I don't have time to take you home now. I have to pick up somebody at the airport, and I am very late. He quickly pulls the car away from the curb and races thr the AMBER LIGHT, joining the traffic
20) 0) text: Parked the parking lot, Darwan yanks down the rear view mirror to fix his turban, stuffing his hair haphazardly inside and frantically winding the cloth around his head. Wendy looks on mutely as he grabs the sign, flowers, and from the back seat of the student car. He jumps out, leav Wendy inside the car.
20) 1) dialog: (curt) Stay here!
21) 0) text: An Air India flight has arrived; the last of the TRAVELLE are leaving: women in vivid saris and men in Nehru suits. Darwan holds his sign aloft, searching the travellers' fa in vain. (CONTINUED)
21) 3) dialog: Jasleen?
21) 5) dialog: Hello. Did you not see my sign? (she looks confused) Never mind. Here is for you. He hands her the flowers and the wrapped gift. DARWAN (cont'd) Please, open it. She unwraps the paper. She stares blankly at the book ins DARWAN (cont'd) These are beautiful poems for you to read. William Wordsworth!
21) 7) dialog: (LAUGHS )
22) 1) dialog: (flustered) It's a little accident we had. That's my student, Wendy. Wendy, this is Jasleen.
22) 5) dialog: (to Wendy; petulant) I cannot put these in the trunk because it is filled with rain. His movements are nervous; he is now so upset he seems unhinged. He goes to take the garment bag from Jasleen, w first clings to it. (CONTINUED)
22) 9) dialog: No problem, it will be safe. Darwan hands the bag to Wendy in the rear seat as climbs into the passenger seat. DARWAN (cont'd) (to Wendy) Hang this on the hook. As Wendy hangs the bag on the hook over her door, turns her head to watch, frowning.
22) 11) dialog: (climbs into driver seat) It's her wedding dress.
22) 13) dialog: Speak slowly so she understands.
22) 15) dialog: Yes. Tomorrow. We are very happy. Wendy is stupefied.
22) 17) dialog: (to Wendy; hotly) Yes! Can you imagine how embarrassing this is? (voice reaches a SHOUT) (MORE )
22) 22) dialog: She's from a village near where I grew up. My sister picked her out for me.
22) 24) dialog: (sarcastic) Yes, you are better off! (mutters ) That's why you're alone and crazy.
22) 26) dialog: No! You are my guest! You don't understand, this is how we are, we do everything for our guest before we think of ourselves! This is the Sikh way! (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
24) 1) text: LOW ANGLE - A folded note rests on the floor, slid throug the mail slot on the door. WENDY'S HAND PICKS UP THE NOTE WENDY unfolds the letter and reads. Takes a deep, gratefu breath. EXT. WENDY'S HOUSE — DAY 93 Darwan waits in his usual place, parked at the fire hydra He's in a different student car. He checks his watch. Wendy comes out of her house at last. He jumps out and me her halfway, escorting her down the stoop, grinning.
24) 2) dialog: You make me wait. Punishing me?
24) 6) dialog: Well, I'm happy we will finish what we started. I will not let you fail your license, Wendy. Approaching the car:
24) 8) dialog: It's a very, very beautiful ceremony. It says when a man and a woman marry, they become one spirit. We think and feel the same, there's no difference between us.
24) 10) dialog: Of course. Love is the one road to God. God doesn't want anyone to be alone. She raises a sardonic eyebrow. He opens the driver's door her to get in.
25) 1) dialog: Seat belt first. As she pulls the seat belt across her chest:
25) 3) dialog: I think you don't approve of arranged marriage. Check your mirrors. (as she does so) I'll try to explain. We hold our families very close. They know you better than anyone else. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: She cooks dinner, enjoying INDIAN RAP MUSIC on the stereo ANGLE ON BASEMENT WINDOW - DARWAN'S TAXI pulls up. DARWAN enters, between shifts. Without asking her, he tur the MUSIC OFF. He looks over her shoulder at the pot on t stove.
26) 1) dialog: More tomatoes make a nicer color.
26) 6) dialog: (gently) Jasleen, I give you money. You can go out and buy tomatoes.
26) 8) dialog: Just walk down the street, there are so many stores. She lapses into silence. They are awkward with each other still: he's aloof and formal, she is reticent.
26) 12) dialog: If you don't have conversations with people outside, how will you pick up English?
26) 15) dialog: Then tell me what you learned today.
26) 17) dialog: (LAUGHS )
26) 18) text: That's Spanish, not English. At the basement window, Jasleen watches Darwan's feet approach his taxi at the curb. He gets in and drives off. (CONTINUED)
27) 61) dialog: You seem more comfortable now at higher speeds. She doesn't respond. She's withdrawn, depressed, her usua spikiness gone. (CONTINUED)
27) 67) dialog: That's good. Make a right. But he misses her combative energy. He steals a look at h sad profile, wonders what he could say to make her re-app ON WENDY - lost in thought.
27) 76) dialog: Put on your signal. Give it the gas. WENDY'S POV THROUGH WINDSHIELD - gaining on the car in fr pulling to the left. As she passes, she sees TED IN THE C giving her a little wave. And then she's ahead of him, an he's gone. DARWAN (cont'd) Very good. You only need a little courage, and a little gas. INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT — NIGHT 101 Darwan is READING A POEM out loud, from the book he gave Jasleen. They are on the bed together.
27) 77) dialog: "A perfect Woman, nobly plann'd/ To warn, to comfort, and command;/ And yet a Spirit still, and bright/ With something of angelic light." (beat) Did you like that?
27) 79) dialog: Now you read this one to me. He chooses a page, hands her the book, and lays his head her lap with a contented sigh of expectation. He waits. ANGLE ON PAGE - A TEAR falls on the page of text. Darwan hears her SNIFFLE. He sits up. He sees her tear-fi eyes staring uncomprehendingly at the open book. (CONTINUED)
27) 83) dialog: My God... He doesn't disguise his dismay. She flings the book again the wall.
27) 85) dialog: Calm down --
27) 87) dialog: You don't go out, you don't try to learn anything about America! You should be curious! You have a mind!
27) 89) dialog: Wendy? Why are we talking about Wendy? He gets up to follow her. The bathroom door SLAMS. talks through the door. DARWAN (cont'd) Jasleen, please...tell me why you're so unhappy.
27) 93) dialog: I am working. I want a good life for our family. INSIDE BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS - Jasleen is huddled against door.
27) 95) dialog: If you accumulate more than thirty- five points, you fail. Now, what things in the test are worth fifteen points?
27) 97) dialog: What else?
27) 99) dialog: Or too slow. What else?
27) 101) dialog: If you fail any one of the fifteen- pointers, you automatically fail your test.
27) 103) dialog: Wendy, don't forget what I know: you are a very determined woman. (CONTINUED)
27) 107) dialog: Iron Woman. Does this mean you will do my shirts? They LAUGH. DARWAN (cont'd) Now tell me. What kind of car will you buy?
27) 111) dialog: If you get nervous, just listen. You'll hear my voice telling you what to do.
27) 116) text: DARWAN sees Wendy's car return and stop. The Examiner get out, advances to the next car. TRACKING WITH DARWAN toward the car. Wendy has her head b on the wheel, her fists pressing the sides her face. He quickens his step. WENDY looks at DARWAN with helpless despair.
27) 120) dialog: Sixty points? She lifts her head to face him.
27) 122) dialog: Wendy, your next test will go better. (CONTINUED)
27) 129) dialog: No. I would never.
27) 131) dialog: (softly) I don't know how to talk to her. (CONTINUED)
27) 135) dialog: Is this what you wanted to hear from him? She SIGHS, averting her eyes to hold tears at bay.
27) 139) dialog: You can pay me next time.
28) 0) text: Wendy writes out a check while Darwan tries to persuade h
28) 1) dialog: You shouldn't give up. You only need a little more practise.
28) 3) dialog: You make me say goodbye.
28) 5) dialog: Not enough. A beat. He slowly brings his hands toward her. And gently touches the sides of her face. As if she is treasure. She releases a pained breath. She turns her face into his touch, leaning one cheek on his palm. He pulls his hands away. His face shows the struggle with DARWAN (cont'd) Goodbye, Wendy. Wendy watches as he leaves. FADE OUT. INT. BATHROOM, BASEMENT APARTMENT — DAY 111 Jasleen reaches opens the cabinet under the sink, takes o box of sanitary napkins she brought from India with Punja writing all over it. The box is empty. Her brow tightens with dismay. 112 8/21/13 84. INT. DUANE READE PHARMACY —- LATER — DAY 112 Jasleen wanders the long aisles of the drugstore, trying compare the pictures on her box to those on the shelves. MALE EMPLOYEE makes no attempt to help, looking at her Si clothes and veil with contempt. She rounds the corner, approaches a FEMALE EMPLOYEE and s her the box.
28) 15) dialog: Mata! Hello.
28) 17) dialog: (on the spot; smiles) I assure you she's free to go anywhere.
28) 20) dialog: Never mind. Enjoy your new friends. (goes to door) I'll pick up something to eat.
29) 0) text: WENDY is at her desk on the phone speaking to DARWAN.
29) 4) text: Wendy drives through Brooklyn with Darwan by her side. Th conversation in the following sequence is punctuated by l easy silences: they are as comfortable together as an old married couple.
29) 6) dialog: She's very busy. She goes to school now, taking classes... They drive around Fort Tryon Park where the leaves are changing in the amber September sun...
29) 8) dialog: Well, Indians don't know baseball. Cricket's our game. Passing through Grand Army Plaza, with its bronze Civil W statue of General Sherman... DARWAN (cont'd) How do you like your new apartment?
29) 10) dialog: You're not doing anything wrong.
29) 14) text: Darwan drives through Brooklyn, taking Wendy back to Manhattan. She's on her cell phone to Tasha.
29) 21) dialog: Red is happy. It's what the bride wears to the wedding in India.
29) 23) dialog: It says... He leans in and whispers: DARWAN (cont'd) "Don't fuck with me." They both break up GIGGLING, their heads together. The Salesman eyes them, thinking they are certainly the oddes couple he's seen in a while.
30) 0) text: The Salesman prepares the paperwork at his desk. Darwan a Wendy sit opposite.
30) 2) dialog: (taken aback) She's -- she's not my wife.
30) 4) dialog: Really, we are not together.
30) 7) dialog: You can follow me to the bridge. She still doesn't get in. They're both reluctant, now tha this moment is here.
30) 9) dialog: That would please me.
30) 11) dialog: Wendy -- could we go somewhere? We can celebrate, have dinner -- please -- She's already shaking her head. DARWAN (cont'd) Or have coffee some time, just to chat --
30) 13) dialog: I want to see you again. (CONTINUED)
30) 17) dialog: What? Why? She leans in and gives him a soft kiss on the cheek. Then
30) 19) dialog: Wendy. She looks up. DARWAN (cont'd) (his voice rough with emotion) Seat belt first.
32) 0) text: Darwan enters. There's a crowd, mostly men arrived after work. Darwan sees an open spot next to a woman. He makes move toward it, then stops short. (CONTINUED)
32) 3) text: Jasleen enters, her arms of with school books and grocery bags. She stops short, seeing Darwan seated on the bed. He's very still, just looking at her.
32) 5) dialog: Jasleen...Maybe I will not work at night anymore. Would you like that?
32) 7) dialog: Yes. His fingers touch her cheek tenderly, as if she was treas Her dark eyes shine, and she leans her face gratefully in his palm...
32) 11) dialog: Go on, Wendy. You have the light. WENDY takes a DEEP BREATH. HER FOOT PRESSES THE ACCELERATOR DEEPER.