5) 53) text: Ghazzi's eyes go wild, his long, inny neck Valentina and the other cops stifien and Pre. inkling that these are a breed of criminal experience, men who don't give up even when
24) 0) text: Cradling an M-16, a PRISON GUARD strolls ates 2 hig: wall while in the yard below BAD S swag the usual cacophony of basketball games an
48) 27) text: The Jackal, wearing tinted contact lenses, hair style and color totally unlike the picture, fi offa sandwich at an outside a table, in sight of his minivan parked out front. A MAN sitting in a parked sedan ac street looks away as the Jackal turns his gaze towar Sensing something's not right the Jackal stands, putt couple of bills on the table. He walks awa pretending to gawk into a grubby-looking shoe in the reflection of which he can SEE 2 oT getring into the sedan. All 3 men are looking his way. Walking a doors down, the Jackal enters an all-night copy shop.
65) 0) text: An RCMP helicopter ZOOMS down out of the sky Preston, Valentina, and Declan exit from the the front. An ONTARIO DETECTIVE greats them.
87) 3) text: Encircled by an immaculate white fence, past with thoroughbred horses, a four coiumned mansion is surrounded by state police cars and sheriff's cruisers. helicopter lands on the front lar Valentina, Preston," Declan alight and are met by a STHTE TROOPER. yw wy o fon
112) 0) text: Preston and Declan are in a Virginia state police helicop thundering north at 150 knots, both on cellular phones.
117) 0) text: Isabella returns, making her way past cops and FBI agents the living room as ambulance attendants haul away the bod spotting Declan standing in a corner with Preston. He has known much grief in his life, but at this moment he seems utterly inconsolable. Preston fades away as she appears a Declan's side, putting her arms around him.
134) 0) text: A Marine HH-60 helicopter is flies at top speed toward Washington.
136) 0) text: The Jackal sees a PATROL CAR driving slowly down the road toward his van. He leaves his equipment and waiks, brisk -confident, to intercept the car, waving. A COP leans out
136) 1) dialog: You get the word? They're looking for a green minivan. Anything out of place.
136) 3) dialog: Yeah, whole thing's probably a "be safe than sorry" circle-jerk. See ya.
136) 4) text: 4 Jackal gives them a salute. The Cops drives away.
137) 1) text: as the and fast over In the street below PEDESTRIANS look up and ga: Marine helicopter ROARS overhead, sweeping low downtown Washington...
141) 0) text: Eyes cold as death, the Jackal picks up the remote contro Cradling the black box, he reaches over and switches on t TV. First there is STATIC. The Jackal fingers the remote’ ‘the TV image stabilizes. He puts down the remote control and lifts the binoculars: the First Lady steps behind the podium, the APPLAUSE continuing. The admiration is genuin and just loud enough to drown out the sound of a helicopt approaching fast...
142) 0) text: The chopper descends to an apartment rooftop near the hospital and Declan, Preston, and Dennehey jump out. Cradling a Winchester Model 700, Akashi is the last man o The helicopter roars away. Preston yells to Declan.
148) 0) text: The Jackal fingers a switch and on the TV the Crowd.is no visible... then the dais... the image finally settling on the First Lady... . EXT, ROOFTOP - DAY Lo . 175 Declan scans with the rifle. From the sniper scope's POV see windows and rooftops, all empty... Eye pressed to the scope of his rifle, Declan continues to search. Spotting subway station entrance, it suddenly registers: . :
152) 0) text: Peering into his scope, Declan stops panning--he's found what he's looking for.