26) 15) text: er-tip 3 DECLAN (pronounced Deck-lin) MULCJEEN does s sole
26) 20) dialog: Heard you FBI lads + but sendin' Deputy chase down illegal muddled worse than Preston. Who're you r
26) 27) dialog: Oh. The mystery man.
26) 35) dialog: They don't know now, do they? neither do you. Best keep it that
26) 40) text: Preston sighs, exchanging glances with the oz? leans forward, her Russian accenc and natural Declan by surprise.
26) 42) dialog: And whose might that ba?
26) 45) dialog: Oh, that'd be droll.
26) 54) text: Glancing at Declan's file, Valentina jots ¢ Preston reading: “And three inmates dead.* >
26) 56) dialog: That was all a misunderstanding. i> drugs. Nothin' to do with me.
26) 65) dialog: Well... since it'll be ac least 32 before I can even think about leav. OC this place, whether or not I do i one piece is a matter of supreme indifference to me. So, prick-- (exaggerated enunciation) Suggest you up-stick-deal-arse and isok- off.
26) 70) dialog: First I'd have to be convinced Isa would be kept safe. Then you'd hav let me go--not just out of here, back to ireland. A free man.
26) 75) dialog: No it's not. Get me a pardon.
26) 82) dialog: Read further and you'll see that if i'd been willing to kill just one America: policeman I wouldn't be here.
26) 86) dialog: The distiction's that I killed dur war. Now that war's over and I wan go home. I just want to go home.
26) 95) dialog: Just the chance then. Your best to get me freed. Just your word on I'll settle for that.
26) 100) dialog: So the Jackal's after your Directo he? Well tell the Director to gat affairs in order. Nobody can save from that lad, not you, not Isabe nobody. Nobody that is... except
26) 103) text: They stop. PULL IN on Declan until his face
26) 104) dialog: Oh, I've met him you know.
26) 105) text: They exchange looks, jaws dropping. Declan
26) 106) dialog: Didn't I mention it? In the safe h outside Gibraltar. Spent some ti the fella, got to know him pretty » Well enough to know that for all v men and money and computers you'l find him. Never. You can't. .But I
26) 112) dialog: I know him, I know how he thinks. Because I think the same way. Two of 4 kind, he and I, God help me. Gat me ot of here and I'll prove it.
27) 0) text: This improbably thrown-together group of hun the gate and stops. Preston takes a set of Witherspoon, pointing to Declan's shackles.
27) 8) text: You're officially released into custody but unofficial custody which means yor ¥ honor, so if we need those, say so 7 (on Declan's silence) Well?
27) 12) text: Declan reluctantly shakes his head. Preston rex cuffs. The FBI men go to ticket counter. Va and starts reading a dog-eared Russian pao sits down next to her. After a moment she sué aware that he's staring at her.
27) 17) text: Her hand instinctively goes to her scar, @ but Declan instantly picks up on it, cove
27) 19) dialog: Sorry to stare but... woman, aren't you? (on her reaction) Like I said. Been in prison.
27) 23) dialog: SO what's the book th
27) 30) dialog: Ah, it's George Sand! do you?
27) 32) dialog: Oh, marvelous st
28) 0) text: A working-class, bayshore suburb, the houses of watermen factory workers jumbled together in this bay-front neighborhood. A white Chevy Cap "government" written all over it coasts to stop. Ins Valentina drives, Declan next to her, Witherspoon and Preston in back, poring over files. She slows, turning to Declan who looks at the small house they're i ‘ children's toys scattered across an other lawn. He shifts uneasily.
28) 7) text: Nervous? s DECLAN Well, eight years.
28) 13) dialog: I don'ts know, Jay-sus...
28) 21) text: He sighs as she pulls up and stops. Getting for the front door. The FBI men start to fo Valentina stops them and follows him hersel files and papers. Declan looks at the mailb ‘Decker'. Hesitant, he rings the doorbell. we HEAR a dog BARKING, then footsteps and a » arms full of It says ide the t
28) 29) dialog: Uh, Mr. Decker, is it?
28) 31) dialog: My name's Declan Mulauéen, this Koslova. We'd like to speak to
28) 44) dialog: Well, it's the years, you're the same, still with a single glance. a deal with Satan for
28) 48) text: Valentina eyes only react minute Isabella is mortified. Declan juz
28) 50) dialog: They let me out to ask :or
30) 6) text: Valentina, Declan, and Isabella siz appointed living room. While Isabe Declan stares at her in a sweet az
30) 30) text: Isabella smiles apologetically at Declan. T he shows little, Valentina can tell he's cving inside. 2 stands:
30) 34) dialog: Can't just yet.
30) 37) dialog: When I believe chat,
30) 40) dialog: Ah me... Are you happy a: least?
30) 44) dialog: Yes, I know those nights.
30) 47) dialog: So do I.
30) 49) dialog: Give me some credit, will you.
30) 52) text: They finally kiss, fully and passionately, both know. wrong, but taking it anyway--it has to lass them a very time. Declan steps back and with a silence wave, he leav:
32) 4) dialog: Nothin', it's just seein' the k that house and, you know, the hus
32) 9) dialog: - Thanks... Valya, is it?
32) 18) dialog: Well, Valya. How come you know so = about...
32) 21) dialog: (laughs) You and George Sand.
32) 24) dialog: Please, I didn't mean ic like thac laughed ‘cause I remembered your
32) 28) dialog: How'd it happen? iTINA
32) 31) dialog: And because of that you've never...
32) 34) dialog: Oh, I don't know...
32) 38) dialog: Well even if that were true, does ‘forever' have to be a condition?
32) 46) dialog: Still, if you don't take a chance, vou may wind up with nothin'
32) 50) dialog: Don't miss a thing, do you? She looks straight into his eyes, shaking her head:
34) 3) text: Declan stands looking over a highway Preston is at a desk nearby, poring over enters, breathless, hardly able to contain
35) 10) text: In the back, Declan is bemused by this show Valentina scribbling notes in the seat next tz front, McMurphy works another phones. He's got
35) 24) text: 2 AGENTS with a cutting torch burn their way i a wali safe. Preston, Declan, and Valentina enter. P on is handed a folder which he opens, passing it to Declan. It' the service record of one Charles H. Calthrop. The photo of a very young Green Beret Lieutenant -- the face is so extremely, gawkily youthful as to be unrecognizable.
35) 26) dialog: (studying photo) Could be... He's had surgery. Hi
35) 31) dialog: He'll be using false papers so you'li have to check every passenger.
35) 44) dialog: (pounces on it) French for jackal.
42) 0) text: The meeting is an august one: Director Brown, DEPUTIES fr CIA, NSC, and SECRET SERVICE, Russian AMBASSADOR KOLDIN, Security Director BOLITONOV. The only man in the room without a tie, Declan sits at the far end of the table wi valentina. Everyone has’a file. Preston turns to Brown.
42) 3) dialog: Finding one's not enough. He told me he always operates with four false identities--three with him and another at a drop box somewhere.
42) 16) text: Declan gives Valentina a look like, “who is VALENTINA . The Jackal is following Terek's ori for a very bloody, very public assassination--a statement if you Terek makes doing his own killing point of honor so if he's commissi another to do this for him, be ass it's something to take very seriou Director Brown will never be safe the Jackal is captured or killed.
42) 24) dialog: Will somebody pour a bucket of wat this glipe ‘fore his snorin' wakes <
42) 27) dialog: Keep your hair on... (regroups, faces Brown) '"Scuse me, sir, but if you think ai your high tech and readoucs and be and whistles're gonna stop this ma you're dreamin'. He knows it all b front, knows how to make it work for
48) 18) text: Valentina leaps up from the couch, taking ch: Preston. She hands Declan a passport photo-- variation of the Jackal's. Preston tugs on Valentina's la
48) 23) dialog: The picture won't be worth much unless he's using Hayslip’s name--which he won't. He'll have a different name and face for operating on the grouné. w
57) 0) text: The flying office is pointed north, Preston, Valentina, a Declan huddled in the back.
57) 11) dialog: He won't draw any attention to hi I told you, he doesn't make mista:
57) 15) text: She goes forward. Preston looks at Declan, ¢2 in his eye:
57) 23) dialog: Honestly... How so?
57) 26) dialog: Fierce woman.
57) 35) dialog: He made a mistake.
58) 0) text: Valentina, DECLAN, Preston, and RCMP Detective BEAUFRES stare down at the taped silhouette of the Maid's body. A plastic bag is taped over the door handle.
58) 3) text: Declan kneels to study the doorknob.
58) 5) dialog: Shellfish toxin. Mixed with DMSO and sprayed on in aerosol probably.
58) 9) dialog: Now then, where'd the fourth victim die?
58) 17) dialog: Had a coat of white water-based p. it. He washed it off to confuse anyone who might be following him.
58) 20) dialog: (snaps fingers) Just bought it--look for a new-boug!
58) 25) dialog: No, he'll have stolen plates by now on whatever he's driving.
64) 10) dialog: Might've crossed already. Ss who nods.
65) 0) text: An RCMP helicopter ZOOMS down out of the sky Preston, Valentina, and Declan exit from the the front. An ONTARIO DETECTIVE greats them.
66) 6) dialog: That's a carbon fiber moid over thers.
67) 0) text: Preston, Valentina, and Declan pore over a sé: =: plans- Jackal's plans.
67) 9) dialog: It's a remote firing station. Motors and servos depress and elevate weapon. You run it off a hard w. remote control like a model airplane We used to make them once in a wt But this mount's almosc three tim normal size. I'd say he has some anti-aircraft weapon, probably electric. That's why he needs the minivan it around.
67) 16) dialog: You can buy a mount for doin' thaz Besides, a stinger missile's the
67) 22) dialog: I think you're talking about at ls. mile. But it's not just the range, the cyclic rate. With this kinda there'll be a hundred bullets on the way ‘fore the first one even hits the
71) 0) text: Dinner time and the jet's big screen TV is on forward and the FBI men watch as their boss, Brown, speaks at a Washington women's gathering on CNN. Sitting alone at one the tables, Declan looks out the window down at the moonl world below. Valentina appears in the aisle nex: to him w a tray of food. (CONTINUED)
71) 5) dialog: aa Please. Sitting down next to him, she notices his untouched food.
71) 7) dialog: Not hungry.
71) 10) dialog: : The ladies? Well, I like the President's wife, don't you? Nice smile on her.
71) 12) dialog: Well, I appreciate ‘em, I suppose, bein' so often deprived of their company. Not so terribly odd, is it, to cherish what's different? Protect it. I know, you don't need anyone's protection...
71) 14) dialog: I knew what you meant. Well... I like Preston. I think he's a fair man. He's very fond of you. (CONTINUED)
71) 20) dialog: He told me you saved his life. and that poxy bugger put you under a death sentence for it? Not to worry, I'll go to Russia and kill the bastard for ya.
71) 23) dialog: Come, wouldn't you kill him if you had the chance? Tell the truth.
71) 25) dialog: The law, is it? Jaysus. The law's just a dirty rag the masters wave around when they want something out of you and ignore the rest of the time.
71) 29) dialog: Well, somethin' else entirely, isn't it?
71) 31) dialog: If you've got one you don't need the other. .
71) 38) dialog: Well, then I guess... if there were more people like you, there'd be fewer people like me. He gets up, moving off alone. She looks down, blushing ag
73) 9) dialog: What kind of patrols are there on chese?
73) 11) dialog: Are there ferry services?
73) 13) dialog: What about private yachts? What kind of immigration controls are there?
73) 15) dialog: If he took a boat he'd want to mi: with others. Any gatherings to sp
75) 7) dialog: (pulls Preston aside) What about lettin' me have a gun?
75) 9) dialog: So many...
76) 0) text: Declan and Valentina walks down pier 28, checking out the sailboat transoms--most are locally-registered. None look remotely suspicious.
76) 7) dialog: Maybe later.
76) 8) text: Declan looks across the narrow space between docks at pie 29, catching sight of the blue minivan, curicsity piqued- though he can't see its license plate he can see into the cargo compartment where a blanket covers some bulky objec
76) 15) text: Just then the Jackal emerges from Insolent , stepping onto the dock as another string of FIRECRAC goes off. Suddenly TIME STANDS STILL as Declan SPOTS the Jackal walking for the minivan, the identification as visual. His predator's radar telling him seo: the Jackal turns. Separated by 20 yards of we and Declan LOCK ON to each other in recogni much visceral
76) 16) text: Declan's eyes... The Jackal's eyes... Declan has no cover, no weapon. Walking down the road at the foot of the piers, Valentina catches sight of a man drawing a silenced piszol from his rain slicker and throwing down on Declan--it' the Jackal.
76) 21) text: The Jackal glances at her as Valentina draws Declan dives off the pier into the water. Ret target of Declan underwater, the Jackal kno about to fire and smoothly drops to one knee entina is tas...
76) 27) text: Valentina dives over the fender of a car as heii a dozen silenced slugs SPANG into it, pinning her b: the car. Though there are PEOPLE everywhere, only a few ¢rasp what happening. Meanwhile more FIREWORXS chatter as Valentina FIRES twice... ving up on minivan... Both shot miss, but force the Jackal to move, Declan. He conceals his pistol and starts for
76) 34) dialog: Well, had our chance, didn't we?
76) 36) dialog: Might as well go back to Washington ‘til we hear something. Only thing we can Go now's stay between him and the target.
76) 42) dialog: Yeah, give me the fookin' gun next cime I ask for it.
80) 23) dialog: He was here. He had to recce the shooting site, find a place to install the weapon, and plan his escape routes.
80) 26) dialog: He's burned three ID's. He needs another. He'll get it from a drop box somewhere and we're bacx to square one.
80) 28) dialog: He has a ict of faces. For instance, he got out of Spain using cordite--you eat a piece, it gets you sick, an hour later you feel fine, but your skin's gray and bloated. You could pass for fifty.
84) 0) text: A MAID is ushered to a table by a STATE TROOPER. val and Witherspoon gesture for him to sit so thay can b questions. The rest of the GUESTS and STAFF are assemb nearby, waiting. A STATE POLICE SERGEANT takes a paper fr the table and walks across the lobby, handng the paper to Preston. Declan sits next to him.
84) 4) dialog: Sometimes you just get a feeling. or maybe he left once he got what he wanted. Or maybe he was warned.
87) 3) text: Encircled by an immaculate white fence, past with thoroughbred horses, a four coiumned mansion is surrounded by state police cars and sheriff's cruisers. helicopter lands on the front lar Valentina, Preston," Declan alight and are met by a STHTE TROOPER. yw wy o fon
88) 0) text: Preston and Valentina sit in wing chairs acress from Jennifer. Declan prowls the room. It's a fo 1 Old South- style salon done in antiques and Laura Ash
92) 0) text: Preston, Declan, Valentina, and Witherspoon are crowded inside the van. It's filled with surveillance equipment T monitors, parabolic microphones, etc. Declan sips tea fro paper cup. Next to him with a set of headphones, Valentin listens in on the card game.
92) 3) dialog: What, do you have a microphone in there?
92) 12) text: OC Preston tosses Declan a bulletproof vest, val
92) 14) dialog: You really gonna barge in there 1i} that? If they're the mad dogs you they'll as like shoot, surrounded cr not, if only for the hell of it. Coula turn into a proper mess.
92) 17) dialog: And even if you do nick ‘em, when's last time one those buggers grassed <2 the peelers--talked to police I mear.
92) 22) dialog: Let me go in there.
92) 24) dialog: T'll talk to ‘em. Reason with ‘em. Unarmed, just some geezer off the street. Worst they can do's say no. What'll it cost you? Even if I fail - can still do your door-bashin' rout
92) 35) dialog: (to Valentina) I'll need a translator. you game, Valya?
92) 37) dialog: Oh... anything like a crowbar bacx there?
92) 39) dialog: Lovely.
92) 47) dialog: (overhears, looks back) Belfast.
93) 0) text: Declan and Valentina come across the street and enter ths Deli. The WOMAN behind the register looks , dary. Declan gives her a smile as they proceed to the cur n in the back, Declan poking his head through...
94) 0) text: Seeing Declan's head, Slaschev and the other zhugs do a variety of takes. Valentina peeks in too. S hev stands.
94) 2) dialog: Uh, 'scuse us, but do you suppose--
94) 4) dialog: Well actually my friend here speaxs--
94) 10) dialog: It's all right, we just wanna ask some--
94) 12) dialog: Okay, all right, no problem then... Sensing weakness, Slaschev gives him a shove. Declan shri from him. Valentina protests but Declan stops her, holdin both hands up, trying to pacify Slaschev.
94) 14) dialog: Easy now. Okay, no trouble, we're goin’. (through his teeth to Valentina) Come on then! Pulling her along, Declan starts retreating back through store. Valentina simply cannot believe her eyes. Slaschev sneers. Then Declan stops, as if suddenly remembering something, starting back timidly, bowed at the waist.
94) 16) dialog: Oh, uh, just one thing?
94) 18) dialog: This. Letting the tire iron drop unseen from his sleeve, Declan suddenly HAMMERS one of Slaschev's kneecaps, shattering i with a loud 'pop'. Slaschev screams and staggers back, falling to the floor...
94) 20) text: Declan turns on a 3rd thug and quickly CRACKS him across bridge of his nose, laying him out as the last ws a tackle on him. But Declan deftly side-steps, diss down, a PILE-DRIVES an uppercut into his chin, shearing off his (CONTINUED)
94) 28) dialog: What did he just say to you... Never mind, I can see it in his face. Just tell him what I say...
94) 29) text: Valentina translates his words into Russian as Declan be down to Slaschev, waving the tire iron in his face:
94) 31) dialog: In case you don't know it, that knee's ruined for good. Now you listen to you dirty little villian--either you do exactly as I say...
94) 35) text: Declan raises the tire iron and brings it # in agony. Now both knees are ruined. Declan DECLAN. Or you're gonna spend the rest of yveur life in a wheelchair.
95) 0) text: FBI and NYPD are tearing the front room apart, looking fo other Russians and evidence to justify the r while i back room, Slaschev and the other 4 thugs sit cross-leg on the floor against the far wall, hands on ir heads, gentle as lambs, Preston and Witherspoon looking on in amazement. Declan walks up with Valentina, a compact cellular phone and a small black book in his hand. Presto turns to Valentina:
95) 8) dialog: ‘Well, reasoned with him, didn't I? Man's power to reason that lifts above the animals. Got this out of iz. (MORE)
95) 14) dialog: No... don't think I am actually. But now the point becomes moot as, surrealistically enoug the phone begins to RING.
95) 16) dialog: Well whatever it is, do it fast. He won't call back. Preston shrugs. There's nothing to do. Hé hands the phone Declan. He answers it.
95) 17) dialog: Hello, Jackal.
96) 2) dialog: Haven't seen each other since--well, Gay before yesterday actually. In the card room, Preston scribbles the word TRACE on his notepad. Valentina starts out of the room.
96) 12) dialog: Unpleasant.
96) 14) dialog: They're releasing me. How you gonna double that?
96) 16) dialog: Abort your mission.
96) 18) dialog: Yeah, well, later then.
96) 21) dialog: Don't spoil my image of you.
103) 0) text: Preston walks over to where Declan and Valentina are hudl over Slaschev's black book. Declan looks up:
103) 1) dialog: Valentina's translating Slaschev's slack book. Lots about Terek's operation in the US but so far the only things about the Jackal are these numbers and--
106) 2) dialog: Then it was him. Heading north now. Jennifer's purse and its bagged-and-tagged contents are l out on the wall-desk. Declan picks up Preston's card.
106) 3) dialog: What about this?
106) 6) dialog: He said something, something about money... and taking care of odds and ends. I think he's gettin' so much money for this job it'll be his last--so to ensure a happy retirement, he's tying up all the loose ends, meaning anyone who's ever even seen him, regardless, just killin'... everyone.
108) 1) text: Road flares sputter, lining the Interstate, and traffic h slowed to a crawl. A burly state TROOPER directs a passin into the rest area, the parking lot of which is filled wi minivans--it looks like every minivan in Virginia is bein stopped. Declan and Preston sit against the fender of a police cruiser, watching as STATE TROOPERS search vehicle and interview DRIVERS. The portable cellular phone in Preston's coat WARBLES. He flips it open and answers.
108) 6) dialog: Bit of a long shot. Still, I should've thought of that...
112) 0) text: Preston and Declan are in a Virginia state police helicop thundering north at 150 knots, both on cellular phones.
112) 1) text: Declan is trying Isabella's house, but: (CONTINUED)
112) 5) dialog: Can't get through for some reason.
112) 9) dialog: Yeah, suppose you're right. But our leaky Russian sure passed everything else to him. Here, look... (takes out Slaschev's book) That's your phone number, that‘s the number of my hotel, Valya's...
112) 11) dialog: (points to numbers} Wish I knew what these were.
112) 14) dialog: (points to 2nd number) What about this one? I tried dialing it every way I could think but--
112) 16) dialog: You don't think... Preston instantly starts dialing. Moments later:
112) 28) dialog: (grabs his arm) Call the local police.. Tell them to send every man they have. Valya's still there with your lads!
115) 0) text: Lights flashing, a Virginia state police cruiser careens the road and up onto the front yard. Ambulances have arrived along with local police. Preston and Declan tux out and run toward the house...
116) 0) text: Chest heaving and fluttering involuntarily, Valentina lie in the middle of the living room floor, the PARAMEDICS clustered around her working feverishly to kesp her alive She lifts her head slightly as Declan enters. He gasps, seeing in an instant there's no hope, and rushes to her.
116) 1) dialog: Valya!
116) 3) dialog: Please, Valya... don't talk. Valentina grabs his hand. She's holding out on sheer will
116) 5) dialog: what? A paramedic bends down, preparing a hypodermic needle:
116) 8) dialog: Get away from her! Leave her alone! A policeman moves to intervene but Preston stcos him. The paramedics back off. Declan takes Valentina in his arms,
116) 9) dialog: Valya, can you hear me? She nods. He speaks softly in her ear.
116) 10) dialog: It's only us here, you and me. Do understand? Just we two, together...
117) 0) text: Isabella returns, making her way past cops and FBI agents the living room as ambulance attendants haul away the bod spotting Declan standing in a corner with Preston. He has known much grief in his life, but at this moment he seems utterly inconsolable. Preston fades away as she appears a Declan's side, putting her arms around him.
117) 2) dialog: Yes, that's good... I'm sorry, Isabella.
121) 16) dialog: Might as well face it--there's only one option left and it stinks. The only way he can make the kill and escape is from a distance. So we make sure you're always indoors with a cordon of human bodies around you and wait the bastard out. That's it, no capture, no justice, nothin', just wait till his timetable runs out.
122) 0) text: The forested grounds around the hunting lodge. Preston stands in the middle of an oak grove, leaning dejectedly against a broad trunk as Declan walks up. Ke can tell ata glance something is very wrong.
122) 1) dialog: What is it?
122) 3) dialog: Oh, Da’...
122) 9) dialog: No, Da'. Don't do that to yourseil:.
122) 11) dialog: Listen, you think you made a misc Someday I'll give you my list of onlys. You'll cry youfeyes out.
128) 0) text: Declan sits alone in the mess hall, watching Lady is on Larry King, smilng at him with the. eyes of hers. Declan smiles fondly, remember
128) 1) dialog: Cherish the ladies... (CONTINUED)
129) 0) text: Declan faces Preston with Brown and the others looking on
129) 1) dialog: Preston. We need a helicopter fast. The Director isn't the target, we're guarding the wrong person. Here, look... Declan shows Preston a page 20 Washington Post item: "FIR LADY TO OPEN CHILDREN'S CHEMO UNIT." PULL IN on Declan an Preston until their facces fill the entire frame:
129) 2) dialog: He's after the First Lady.
129) 4) dialog: It always bothered me why he kept coming. He knew we could protect the Director, especially once I was involved. But he didn't abort, he kepz coming--that's ‘because we were guarding the wrong person. It didn't come together until I saw her on television and remembered: I can't protect my women. That's what he said to Valya. She got him mad and he let it slip--maybe on purpose, to tease us. You told me. The killing has to be a statement, public and brutal.
129) 6) dialog: Ostensibly, but he meant any woman, all women, the woman. He's not out to make a statement, he's out to commit an obscenity, an obscenity against the entire country--and kill the mother of America.
135) 2) text: EY, and ennehy is on Inside are Preston, Declan, an agent named DE three HRT types, POSTEN, AKASHI, and JOHNSON. the radio. He turns to Preston:
135) 11) dialog: No! Tell them to sweep the area but don't let them try to pull her off that podium. If they do that he'll open wo on the entire dais. With that gun, he can kill 200 people in 30 seconds. Dennehy looks appalled, but he gets back on the radio.
135) 13) dialog: The TV cameras will go to a live hocx-up when she makes her speech--you can't get much more public and brutal than the First Lady being shot to jelly on live television.
138) 6) dialog: I'll need a rifle too. Preston nods to Akashi who hands over his weapon--the strangely shaped, state-of-the-art PSG-1.
138) 7) dialog: This some kind of modified G-3? Tell me about the optics. Been a while since I've shot.
138) 10) dialog: Good. 400 meters...what's the maximum dispersion?
138) 15) dialog: Come in from the west, under the building line.
138) 24) dialog: He's going to shoot with the sun at his back. If he sees a big green helicopter... he'll cut her to pieces.
142) 0) text: The chopper descends to an apartment rooftop near the hospital and Declan, Preston, and Dennehey jump out. Cradling a Winchester Model 700, Akashi is the last man o The helicopter roars away. Preston yells to Declan.
148) 0) text: The Jackal fingers a switch and on the TV the Crowd.is no visible... then the dais... the image finally settling on the First Lady... . EXT, ROOFTOP - DAY Lo . 175 Declan scans with the rifle. From the sniper scope's POV see windows and rooftops, all empty... Eye pressed to the scope of his rifle, Declan continues to search. Spotting subway station entrance, it suddenly registers: . :
148) 1) dialog: Ah, that's how he plans to get out... {turns to Akashi) Give me that cellular... Akashi hands him the cellular phone. Declan.starts dialin
152) 0) text: Peering into his scope, Declan stops panning--he's found what he's looking for.
152) 1) dialog: Green minivan on the hillside by the grove of trees. Eleven o'clock, across the parkway. See it?
152) 5) dialog: Range it... Akashi hits a button on his rifle scope. The distance is impossible.
154) 0) text: BULLSEYE! Declan's bullet smashes right through the camer ripping it from the gun mount.
156) 0) text: Declan drops his rifle and bolts to his feet:
156) 1) dialog: I'm going after the Jackal. Take ou: the van.
160) 0) text: Declan flies down the stairs, practically leaping from landing to landing... .
163) 0) text: Declan dodges through the crowd like a ballet dancer. The in the clear, he sprints flat out, knowing where he and t Jackal are both going, shouting into the cellular phone:
163) 2) dialog: Can you hear me... I'm heading for the subway...
164) 11) text: Suddenly Declan sees the Jackal and draws P.: ton's gun. Jackal sees him and dives into the crowd, sp ing across the platform. Declan can't get a clear shot. train passes and he again starts shouting into his shone... The Jackal LEAPS into the train's path. People SCREAM. Declan can't see that the Jackal has cleared =ne entire track and lands on the other side as the train rushes int the station. The Jackal hits the ground hard, his duffel bag. It strikes the THIRD RAIL and in an ARC of blue electric fire. The Jackal ssrings to hi feet, drawing his gun, and moving back up the cunnel, shielded from view by the still-passing train...
164) 16) text: On the platform, all is chaos, the crowd buzzing--"Did yo see that old guy?", “Jesus, poor man...", etc. 3ut Declan doesn't believe it and ‘talks into his phone, drowning his words as he runs to the stairs tunnels where he's immediately enveloped in
165) 10) text: darkness illuminated by arcing electricity a: im lights from distant trains and far-off platforms, de: from electric shock, a train's wheels--or the Jac: -at every turn. Declan moves carefully. Very carefully. The Jackal comes to a. crossing--several sets si tracks a right angles to the one he's on. Following ‘t he's careful to avoid the third rail. Preseni light of a TRAIN APPROACHING--an express goin. opposite direction. a glimpse c= irring him. Declan. s of tons of Declan off- A littie on... Declan sees the light in the distance, catchi=- Jackal, sihouetted in it, sight of the quarry The express is coming hard, only a few feet Blowing by, the power is unbelievable, thous metal racing at 80 MPH, the rush of air push balance and he just avoids touching the third shaken, he waits for the train to pass then =. (CONTINUED)
165) 17) text: Declan rushes forward, running hard, trying to whisper his phone but:
165) 18) dialog: Hello... hello... The tunnel is interfering with reception... Jackal hears his footsteps and moves into the narrow partition between the tracks, ducking behind a small supg beam, ready to ambush Declan... Declan continues down the track... The Jackal makes out something in the darkness. But sudde the LIGHTS of ANOTHER TRAIN appear, illuminating both Dec and Jackal~-they see each other at the same instant... Declan hits the dirt as Jackal FIRES, just missing him. Declan FIRES twice at the Jackal before the train HURTLES by. Once again, a train is between them. Seeing that Decl can't follow, the Jackal continues toward the distant of the next station at a dead run. On the other side of rushing train, Declan strains for a view of his enemy through the gaps between cars, NOT SEEING that A THIRD TR bear down on him from behind, coming fast, almost on top him...
165) 21) text: But just then a HORN sounds and Declan looks back. Reali there's no choice, he leaps into the narrow space BETWE: the 2 racing trains.
165) 22) text: As if in a waking nightmare, Declan stands in the barely foot corridor between these behemoths, the suction ripr the air from his lungs as he's grazed on either side an harrowingly buffeted about like a pinball, about to be pulled under when he drops down and hugs the ground untii both pass and he gasps out a sigh of profound relief:
165) 24) dialog: Fuck... Taking a few deep breaths, he gets up, resuming the chase
165) 26) text: Running hard and gasping for each breath, we see the firs hint of a crack in the Jackal's cool--he keeps looking za because... Declan keeps coming and coming hard, determined, implaczd He either gets the Jackal now or dies trying. (CONTINUZS)
165) 30) text: Jackal is close to the access stairs to the Seeing the Jackal in the dark about a 100 yarés ahead, Declan stops, takes aim, and FIRES 1-2-3-4-5-4-7-8 shots.
165) 32) text: But Declan keeps coming, oblivious to the bullets MISSING him by MILLIMETERS... The Jackal scrambles up the stairs--he can't move quite a quickly as before. He steps onto the platform. Seeing the bleeding, armed gunman, the PASSENGERS panic, SCREAMING a fleeing in all directions. The Jackal sneers has nothing but contempt for these creatures. A TRANSIT PC up, drawing his weapon. Almost casually, the blowing his brains out, at the same time snagging a terrified 13-YEAR-OLD GIRL by the hair and 4 along...
165) 34) text: Declan hears the GUNSHOT and hurries up the stairway to t platform...
165) 35) text: In the middle of the platform there's a newsstand with a seven-foot model of the Washington Monument ii The Jackal takes up a’position behind this ed crouching down behind the sobbing girl and wa off Declan as he emerges from the stairway--or next train, whichever opportunity presents its
165) 40) text: Dripping with sweat and panting, Declan cauticusly ascend the stairs, hearing the RUMBLE of an approaching train--t Jackal's escape is seconds away. Reaching the top, Declan rushes onto the platform, about to fire when SPOTS the girl hostage's little form trembling by the newsstand wit
165) 44) text: pistol at her temple. Declan ducks behind a s 1 girder at the platform's edge. The train is getting clos
165) 47) text: on his his nd the Declan doesn't answer, banging his cellular p: to clear away static... Jackal can't see him = girder but ‘he knows he's there.
165) 56) dialog: No, don't do that.
165) 58) dialog: Ah, bugger it... Here... The Jackal sees a checkmate as Declan throws out his pist and steps out, hands up. The Jackal stands, moving over t Declan, pushing the girl ahead of him, gun-muzzle still a her temple.
165) 62) dialog: No, but so long as there was a chance...
165) 64) dialog: My turn? Now wait, you don't... do what
165) 65) text: you want to the rest, but I just w go home. Please. Don't do this to xs... Sweat pouring off him in sheets now, Declan szarts trembling. The Jackal can't believe his eyes. (CONTINUED)
165) 70) dialog: Please, I'll do anything, just let me go home! PLEASE... Declan sobs, sinking to his knees and clasping his hands in front of him, begging. The Jackal sneers, revolted.
165) 72) dialog: I knew you'd do that... (shouts) HE'S CLEAR! NOW... And in the next instant, a black SOMETHING moves out of t turnstiles in a blur, a VOICE SHRIEKING like a harpy just a GUNSHOT-rings out: .
165) 77) dialog: It's over. Send him to hell. Declan nods coldly to Isabella. She puts the Brewning to Jackal's forehead, the wrath of the Furies in her voice a
165) 84) dialog: Come, we've gotta get you out of here. He pulls her toward the turntiles and they both disappear the stairs to the street above as...
167) 0) text: File in hand, Brown and an AIDE stand with Preston and Declan, watching as a stainless steel coffin is iowered i an unmarked grave. Preston is on a set of crutches, Decla arm is bandaged and in a sling. (CONTINUED)
167) 7) text: me. The Aide walks to Brown's limo. Brown turns to Declan, shaking his hand:
167) 9) dialog: Yeah, well...you're welcome anyway.
167) 14) dialog: We know all we need to know. He was foul. He's dead. Nothing more matters (CONTINUED)
167) 20) dialog: Back safe with her family. For good.
167) 22) dialog: That a fact then?
167) 32) dialog: on No, Da', thank you. Cp Preston squeezes his hand, genuinely surpri
167) 34) dialog: If it hadn't been for you I never would've met her. Va-len-ti-na...
167) 36) dialog: Too much woman for the likes of us. with emotioz. ay. He watches street into th, pulling
167) 37) text: Preston nods. Both men are about to brim o Declan hits Preston's shoulder, sending him Preston limp from the cemetery and across t. the coffee shop. Then Declan takes a deep b: his collar up against the cold, and walks awe