3) 5) dialog: (co Dimitri) Ghazzi the Great. At’ leasc he knows my name. {to Vasilov) Find us some company, Anatoly.
3) 13) text: vasilov motions o.s and several Russian and beauties in near identical too-tight black stalk for Ghazzi's table, draping chemselves Meanwhile a waitress brings a platter piled ‘“ sandwiches. Dimitri and Sasha p. with smacking and sloshing sounds while...
5) 0) text: into the bar and Ghazzi's Flashlights streaming, the MVD squad charges while the frightened crowd stampeéées, screa scrambling out of the way. The Troopers sur table, catching everyone unawares. Dimitri j spilling a B-girl from his lap while Ghazzi r in his seat. A dozen gun barrels pointing only smiles, turning to Sasha and snorting:
5) 5) dialog: Interior Ministry? What, didn't we = them their baksheesh this week?
5) 18) text: Ghazzi examines the warranc then looks around incredulous. zoom,
5) 24) dialog: But you have no witness, how-- Preston and his men have hung on
5) 28) dialog: DNA? What is this nonsense?
5) 33) text: A look from Valentina convinces Ghazzi that iz's all true He turns back to Preston: GHAZZi And who are you? Ameri
5) 36) text: GHAZZIi And it is you who are responsible this. . evidence?
5) 38) dialog: (to Valentina) You lie with Americans now? With strangers? Enemies?
5) 53) text: Ghazzi's eyes go wild, his long, inny neck Valentina and the other cops stifien and Pre. inkling that these are a breed of criminal experience, men who don't give up even when
5) 59) dialog: Really? Well I'm not you, you cunt filth! I'm aman and I'd die spice blood before I'd let any woman arr me, much less that scar-iaced dike!
5) 63) text: What happens next happens in split suddenly flips the table ovar and BLADE from his sock. Ghazzi is on him, whipping the ble Preston draws back, the blade slas as he stumbles over backward, CRAC a table's edge and dropping his gun all 3 are carried to the ground, ¢: Sasha make their move, trying to s' MVD soldiers and FBI agents all aroun down with their weapons, but:
5) 79) text: Now Ghazzi brings all his weight to bear on Vv ntina, crushing her larynx. Nearing unconsciousness, the policewoman just. manages to free her pistol, mming the muzzle up under the gangster's chin, and FIRES, sending a bullet through the top of his head.
5) 84) text: ily as he Ghazzi's grip loosens, eyes fluttering ivolunt sh the body dies. Gasping for air, Valentina manages to away and the now revived Preston hauls her to ner feat as Sasha and Dimitri are finally subdued with a faw last but strokes and handcuffed together while the pool of black blood under Ghazzi's head spreads across the floor....
7) 2) text: A small crowd of TOURISTS drink clean, well-lit Finnish rescauran:. at a long banquet table ac the far end of t At the head sits Ghazzi's brother, TEREX MU Terrible'--outwardly pleasant, w. charm, but with-the dead, lustre killed. 2 of his Russian bodygua + KOLYA on either side. Around the table, TCHECHENS attention while at Terek's right, Vasilov f typicaliv