28) 41) dialog: My beautiful Irish. But have they done to those eves?
28) 47) dialog: (laughs to valent This Irish. As if I ca mirror.
28) 48) text: Valentina eyes only react minute Isabella is mortified. Declan juz
28) 60) dialog: Ask me what?
28) 65) dialog: The only guarantee I rn front of me.
30) 6) text: Valentina, Declan, and Isabella siz appointed living room. While Isabe Declan stares at her in a sweet az
30) 7) dialog: I never knew his name definitely American. special military trai learned Spanish. In El think. I didn't like ta were all dangerous pe different. Declan was f He had a cause. This ma feeling, nothing.
30) 15) dialog: Don't worry about George. He doesn't know anything about my past and h doesn't want to. All he needs to & is... I love him.
30) 30) text: Isabella smiles apologetically at Declan. T he shows little, Valentina can tell he's cving inside. 2 stands:
30) 33) dialog: This opens a locker at > Terminal. Inside is a ten thousand dollars c left it-with me in case up. Take it and go. Bacx.to Irelan:.
30) 35) dialog: What, you gave your word? Go now. know once he kills who he's a they'll send you back ts prison.
30) 41) dialog: Yes, in a way. I love my husband. In my way, lie and tell you there when I... need things.
30) 45) dialog: C) Then I need so badly, things he knows he can't give me. But he loves me not to try and I bless him for ct:
30) 48) dialog: But Declan, some nights I can cicse my eyes and sleep and no dead faces come to wake me--and that's more than I had. You wouldn't have me give that up, would you? Even though you know I would?
109) 0) text: Government cars are parked in front of Isabella's house.
110) 0) text: Isabella's 4-year-old BOY runs through the room, dragging big teddy bear behind him as his father's calls from o.s.
111) 5) dialog: You really think you will find him? Because you won't, believe me. You
111) 8) dialog: And waste your time and maybe die? For nothing? No. Leave him to Declan. Declan knows what to do.
111) 10) dialog: Declan never listens either. Isabella ducks out the door...
112) 1) text: Declan is trying Isabella's house, but: (CONTINUED)
117) 0) text: Isabella returns, making her way past cops and FBI agents the living room as ambulance attendants haul away the bod spotting Declan standing in a corner with Preston. He has known much grief in his life, but at this moment he seems utterly inconsolable. Preston fades away as she appears a Declan's side, putting her arms around him.
117) 1) dialog: She said it was her job. I said she was a fool. But if it weren't for her, that would be me and my babies lying there. (pauses, shakes head) They're placing us into Witness Protection. They said there's too much chance of my real identity getting out.
117) 3) dialog: So am I. For all of this. Such a woman... Declan nods, looking down at his hands. Surreptitiously, Isabella pulls him over to the fireplace, reaches up into the chimney, and retrieves a 14-shot Browning 9mm AUTOMAT PISTOL hidden there, wrapped in plastic. She holds it out He looks at it, ther her. She looks him right in the eye.
117) 4) dialog: It can't all be for nothing.
165) 75) dialog: Cabron... The Jackal fumbles for his gun but Declan leaps to his fe and kicks it away from him. The Jackal sits up, looking a Declan in the most utter disbelief, doubting his very senses, eyes saying, “A woman?", followed by his voice:
165) 82) dialog: Muerete! She FIRES. The Jackal slumps to the floor, dead. She puts the gun and phone into her coat, taking off her scarf and wrapping it around his wound, hands trembling.
165) 83) dialog: Here... He touches her hand to stop its trembling, then: