2) 1) text: SASHA, both swaggering ex-Airbor: the keys at the Doorman as they ¢ troopers s, enter
2) 18) text: and pride have made the possibility of romance unlikel commitment to the cause of justice fills her life, almosc amounting to a grand passion....
2) 19) text: Eyes locked on the Doorman, Valentina nods toward a GRAY DELIVERY TRUCK parked down the block.
2) 22) text: As Valentina starts across the street the DRIVER hits the ignition, nodding back as he pulls into trafizic. If he s typically, resignedly Russian, the man besiée him is emphatically American. Square jawed, fit, resarkably youthful at close to 60, FBI Deputy Directo: PRESTON is head of the American Legal Attac ranking U.S. law enforcement officer in Rus walkie-talkie from the folds of his windbreaxer.
3) 0) text: The club is going full blast, BARMEN and WAITRESSES scurrying about the dance floor, threading evening's crush. Dimitri pulls a chair as a makes himself at home. The Club's manager, >
5) 79) text: Now Ghazzi brings all his weight to bear on Vv ntina, crushing her larynx. Nearing unconsciousness, the policewoman just. manages to free her pistol, mming the muzzle up under the gangster's chin, and FIRES, sending a bullet through the top of his head.
5) 84) text: ily as he Ghazzi's grip loosens, eyes fluttering ivolunt sh the body dies. Gasping for air, Valentina manages to away and the now revived Preston hauls her to ner feat as Sasha and Dimitri are finally subdued with a faw last but strokes and handcuffed together while the pool of black blood under Ghazzi's head spreads across the floor....
8) 3) text: her chair, A plush luxury hotel suite. A MAN sits in a aville Row lean, suntanned, impeccably dressed in a bla suit. He has no name -- only a reputation a outwardly agressive something in his subtly sardonic manner suggests a palpabe evil. An POLITOVSKY, is near the door, guarding the s untouched drink in front of him, the Man wat documentary on cable showing an African hye terrified little wobbly-legged zebra colt, tormenting of the weaker creature ghastly an¢é English-accented NARRATOR explains:
8) 7) text: = of a smile tow. The es it on. The Man in Black allows himself the merest hi ds Terek enters, breathless, Alexei and Kol. Man lowers the TV's volume with a remote but
8) 11) text: The armed man pours Terek a pepper vodka and n2ngs it to MAN . If we could get to the coinc. Terek tosses back his drink and sets himseli,
8) 24) text: Terek shows him a photograph. The Man loo QO expression remaining blank. Terex puts it
8) 58) text: Terek pauses to mull this over a pulls a Mont Blanc from his coat something on a sheaf of paper, hen: : MAN. This is the number of London. The Bank is C Once you've transferred move, provided rushed by anyone. This pick the time and the gets the details. All a number in the U.S. w updates on any changes measures. Telex the nur money. I hear from you = the deal's off. I won't contact you again.
8) 68) text: The man rises, making for the door. Terek haz he account number to Alexei then calls out to the Man.
8) 71) text: The Man in Black glances at the st -- the finished with his kill, the hyena is feastinc i
9) 33) text: loors an or. More shots of the building: upper Preston stares a hole in the monic limping man exit the building. 7. man who stood in Terek's meeting ~
11) 0) text: Well-heeled TRAVELERS come and go. The man the Jackal sits at a corner table reading a At an adjacent table, a BEARDED &> Bluff, red-faced, he has ‘Sail battered Halliburton case. The from his table and stagger for ti
11) 12) text: The Yachtsman's attention is all on the snack table. deft move, the Jackal rises, leans over, opens the ma briefcase, removing his wallet and passport and stufi them into the newspaper before walking ouc. Nobody saw thing...
14) 0) text: A street in Kensington, across tc. a cab, heading for the discreet liveried doorman bows graciously... gets out of bank where
14) 13) text: the man without a name is one of his best c
14) 63) dialog: 
16) 8) text: 2 MEN in jeans and sport shirts unload mail s onto the sidewalk. Politovsky walks past, going to th to avoié the sacks. As he passes the rear of the postal an... The 2nd man pulls a wide-barreled, stubby~locx: riot gun and FIRES. With a dull, popping rep sized rubber bullet is driven point blank ints: chest, blasting him back six feet. Briefcase lands near the mail truck where he‘s picked inside. The 1st man plucks Politovsky's brie cobblestones, tosses it inside the truck, juz it. The 2nd man picks up the rubber bullet, slaming shut the doors, and the van drives o
27) 28) text: He thumbs through it. Though it's i the romantic-era woman in man's cress on t
30) 32) text: to a music box on the mantle. Fron a hidden ¢ she produces a small key and hands it to him, w
35) 7) text: Honduras, El Sal, Beir Sniper: S Instructor. ATF says he has a Fede Fire Arms license and carry him as of three CAR-15s, a Barrett .50 cal. and too many pistols to lisz.
36) 4) text: The Jackal smiles blankly, opening a red Ar The Customs woman stamps an exit visa into ine passpor hands it ba
41) 0) text: A SALESMAN leafs through a stack of $100 bills while the Jackal gets behind the wheel of a late-model yellow miniv exactly the same model as before...
42) 0) text: The meeting is an august one: Director Brown, DEPUTIES fr CIA, NSC, and SECRET SERVICE, Russian AMBASSADOR KOLDIN, Security Director BOLITONOV. The only man in the room without a tie, Declan sits at the far end of the table wi valentina. Everyone has’a file. Preston turns to Brown.
42) 39) text: doesn't forgive error prospered, he's preva he's up against a sta way ‘round. Brown isn't a man who scares easy but this siv He turns for confirmation to Preston who neés.
47) 2) text: he manager aos the trunk
48) 27) text: The Jackal, wearing tinted contact lenses, hair style and color totally unlike the picture, fi offa sandwich at an outside a table, in sight of his minivan parked out front. A MAN sitting in a parked sedan ac street looks away as the Jackal turns his gaze towar Sensing something's not right the Jackal stands, putt couple of bills on the table. He walks awa pretending to gawk into a grubby-looking shoe in the reflection of which he can SEE 2 oT getring into the sedan. All 3 men are looking his way. Walking a doors down, the Jackal enters an all-night copy shop.
52) 11) text: a SMALL BLACK AEROSOL CAN which he handles w Locking the hatch back up, he pulls on the gl a high pressure hose and .begins to wash the w the van... The men from the sedan--call them LOPEZ, ALVE ZIMANSKI~-walk down the ramp. Big, tough-lo bulges in their jackets, they look out at th around them. .
56) 11) text: The Jackal SPRINGS into frame from behind instant. A rapid flurry of action as the out with swift precision: he DRILLs his 1 tremendous force into Zimanski's throat, a choking heap with a crushed larynx while Alverez, in one move bending his gun arm ba like a twig, and using it to spin him into automatically CRUMPLES his spinal cord wit’ ‘cluck'. Over as quickly as it began, all Jackal steps over the bodies and walks cal. to the stairs...
68) 3) text: Sailboats and Cabin Cruisers are tied to a wooded cove. The Jackal walks down the dock w cardigan-clad manager of this charter outfit. clipboard at a beautiful, 48-foot sloop nam:
71) 27) text: Don't I? Listen, I hate the bloody law, I and mine've suffered under it all me life--and if the fooker was a man I'd bash 'im in the mouth.
74) 1) text: The Chicago skyline looms on the horizon on brilliant summer morning. Dozens of boats are crowded around Isolen Minx as the Jackal turns at the helm and looxs behind him Blue lights flashing, a Coast Guard cutter is coming up, COAST GUARDSMAN on deck scanning him with binoculars. The Jackal coolly turns his face away and puts on a Cubs baseball cap. The Coast Guard cutter crosses sshind Insol Minx, then passes to starboard, turning on its firefigh hoses. Gushing celebratory fountains, the U. escorts the flotilla--and the Jackal--into ¢
76) 16) text: Declan's eyes... The Jackal's eyes... Declan has no cover, no weapon. Walking down the road at the foot of the piers, Valentina catches sight of a man drawing a silenced piszol from his rain slicker and throwing down on Declan--it' the Jackal.
77) 12) text: inside. The Jackal fingers the combination pulls on the lever, and the latches pop. Gingerly, he s the door open an inch, placing a wooden wedge between door and o the crack open. Rigged e. He ic into his the latch. Using cutters, the Jackal reache and snips a wire. He swings the safe door w: to blow, a Thermite grenade is taped to the i: removes the grenade, replaces the pin, and pu toolbox, then takes a thick manila envelope f the safe. He rips open the envelope. It. contains a pai Virginia license plates, some cash, and a full set of 2mr.D. including credit cards, driver's license, and zassport.
78) 2) text: A Victorian mansion somewhere outside of Memphis converte to a romantic weekend retreat. The Jackal's van is parked out front.
79) 5) text: A CLERK hands the Jackal a room key. his shoulder bag and heads across the lobby. staircase is a striking woman in a white sun
87) 3) text: Encircled by an immaculate white fence, past with thoroughbred horses, a four coiumned mansion is surrounded by state police cars and sheriff's cruisers. helicopter lands on the front lar Valentina, Preston," Declan alight and are met by a STHTE TROOPER. yw wy o fon
93) 0) text: Declan and Valentina come across the street and enter ths Deli. The WOMAN behind the register looks , dary. Declan gives her a smile as they proceed to the cur n in the back, Declan poking his head through...
97) 0) text: DAVE, a middle-aged man, drives down a rural road in a la model sedan, obviously lost. As the road begins c he looks down at a map on the seat next to him, dri
118) 0) text: A corner office of a high-powered Washington firm. Dougla the gentleman from the gay bar, works through his daily agenda as a LAW CLERK sticks her head into the office. (CONTINUED)
121) 0) text: The working group is gathered around a dining room table, augmented by a SEAL TEAM COMMANDER and a GRE BERET COLONEL. At the table's end, Preston looks 1 hell while the Green Beret stands in front of a map, p er in hand.
133) 2) text: Hands PATTER as a man in a be-ribboned Admiral's uniform re ever was
142) 0) text: The chopper descends to an apartment rooftop near the hospital and Declan, Preston, and Dennehey jump out. Cradling a Winchester Model 700, Akashi is the last man o The helicopter roars away. Preston yells to Declan.
146) 0) text: Motors WHIRR, gears turn, answering remote commands, the PANS and TRAINS, the 1000mm lens going to MAXIMUM ZOOM...
161) 0) text: Resigned to leave the. rest of the equipment, the Jackal carries the duffel bag toward the subway station. As he walks, he puts his windbreaker back on, dumping his policeman's hat, belt, even the handcuffs...
164) 16) text: On the platform, all is chaos, the crowd buzzing--"Did yo see that old guy?", “Jesus, poor man...", etc. 3ut Declan doesn't believe it and ‘talks into his phone, drowning his words as he runs to the stairs tunnels where he's immediately enveloped in
165) 32) text: But Declan keeps coming, oblivious to the bullets MISSING him by MILLIMETERS... The Jackal scrambles up the stairs--he can't move quite a quickly as before. He steps onto the platform. Seeing the bleeding, armed gunman, the PASSENGERS panic, SCREAMING a fleeing in all directions. The Jackal sneers has nothing but contempt for these creatures. A TRANSIT PC up, drawing his weapon. Almost casually, the blowing his brains out, at the same time snagging a terrified 13-YEAR-OLD GIRL by the hair and 4 along...
166) 0) text: FBI cars and a moving-van are parked out front while FEDE AGENTS tag and box Calthrop's possessions. Carrying a suitcase, a lean, MIDDLE-AGED MAN steps through the front door. Seeing the boxes and the FBI jackets, he's explodes
166) 1) dialog: What the hell is going on?!