9) 3) text: MCMURPHY and Rounding loscow area, Preston, Valentina, and two other FBI Agents WITHERSPOON, sit around a long conference t@ out the meeting is the head of the MVD for t. MAJOR GENERAL BELINKO and his aide, COLONEL
17) 1) text: Standing next to a Russian ambulance, Valent: witherspoon, and McMurphy watch as the ramp jetliner HISSES open and the rear stairs edg CREWMEN carry a stretcher down the ramp. Po strapped to the gurney, bound and gagged. as wheel the gurney toward Valentina, she places = xe folded warrant into the sheets.
23) 1) text: Preston, Valentina, Witherspoon, and McMurphy the Director, Donald Brown who looks much the on “Nightline"..
35) 10) text: In the back, Declan is bemused by this show Valentina scribbling notes in the seat next tz front, McMurphy works another phones. He's got
35) 11) dialog: Detroit PD surveillance says neiti his two cars are parked in the neighborhood.
89) 11) text: witherspoon and McMurphy escort Bolitonov from Silence reigns for a few moments. Everyone knews Bolitono is on a one-way trip. .
107) 0) text: Valentina enters, exhausted. Witherspoon and McMurphy smi (CONTINUED)
111) 0) text: Holding a little hand in each of his, Decker leads his 2 children, both dressed for a trip, out the door, escorted several armed FBI AGENTS. Meanwhile McMurphy and Withersp close windows, etc. while the women talk int living room.
113) 0) text: All is quiet. The interior house lights are on. Finished locking up in the front, Valentina goes to the stairs. McMurphy appears at the top.
113) 1) dialog: Just gonna check the bath. Two seconds. s
114) 7) dialog: All done. Where's Witherspoon? (CONTINUED)
114) 14) dialog: Man, that boy takes his job real--
114) 16) text: Suddenly, from out in the back yard, a RADIC 3LASTS ON a= FULL VOLUME--evidently tuned to an oldies s i s "96 Tears". McMurphy and Valentina stiffen, i guns and shouting over the din:
114) 18) dialog: What the hell's that?
114) 23) text: She rushes back toward the rear and into the McMurphy starts down after her but suddenly «= hear a muffled WHIRRING like a pneumatic drill and the stairs EXPLODE into splinters and flying chunks of wsod as 20 BULLETS SMASH up through McMurphy's shoes ané lower legs, the sound drowned out by the music. Yowling in pain, McMurphy tumbles down the stairs...
114) 32) dialog: Stairway! Stairway! McMurphy's warning is lost in the blast of t closet door under the stairs kicks open and out, ramming home a fresh magazine on a sile submachine gun. McMurphy keeps shouting as t walks over and steps down on his throat, shov of his gun into McMurphy's open mouth and FI