2) 22) text: As Valentina starts across the street the DRIVER hits the ignition, nodding back as he pulls into trafizic. If he s typically, resignedly Russian, the man besiée him is emphatically American. Square jawed, fit, resarkably youthful at close to 60, FBI Deputy Directo: PRESTON is head of the American Legal Attac ranking U.S. law enforcement officer in Rus walkie-talkie from the folds of his windbreaxer.
2) 23) dialog: Op is a go for MVD only, U.S. personnel stay out. Say again, no U.S. involvement.
5) 26) dialog: They don't need a witness. You cuz yourself on Semanhko's window whi breaking in and left vour DNA at scene.
5) 29) dialog: That nonsense is accep evidence in any court world--including Russ i as conc the west now thanks <3 us.
5) 33) text: A look from Valentina convinces Ghazzi that iz's all true He turns back to Preston: GHAZZi And who are you? Ameri
5) 35) dialog: Correct. Deputy Director Hamilton Preston, FBI. .
5) 37) dialog: Correct again.
5) 58) dialog: I'd listen to her if I were you.
5) 60) text: Used to such talk, Valentina registers nothi Sut Preston.
5) 61) text: “PRESTON
5) 63) text: What happens next happens in split suddenly flips the table ovar and BLADE from his sock. Ghazzi is on him, whipping the ble Preston draws back, the blade slas as he stumbles over backward, CRAC a table's edge and dropping his gun all 3 are carried to the ground, ¢: Sasha make their move, trying to s' MVD soldiers and FBI agents all aroun down with their weapons, but:
5) 84) text: ily as he Ghazzi's grip loosens, eyes fluttering ivolunt sh the body dies. Gasping for air, Valentina manages to away and the now revived Preston hauls her to ner feat as Sasha and Dimitri are finally subdued with a faw last but strokes and handcuffed together while the pool of black blood under Ghazzi's head spreads across the floor....
6) 1) text: Blue lights swirl. Uniformed MVD OFFICERS k back a CROWD of che curious. Almost composed, valentina s on the curs in front of the club. Preston appears beside ner with a flask of brandy. She takes it gratefully and érinks. Afte beat:
6) 4) dialog: Look, I'm pretty certain you saved life in there and I want you to know appreciate it. Do the same for you someday.
6) 7) dialog: Speaking of which, Major, I know = only here to give advice when ask I gotta tell you, I'm coo old and veou're too important for this kind of excitement. I say we let the young, and underlings make the arrest nexz czime.
9) 3) text: MCMURPHY and Rounding loscow area, Preston, Valentina, and two other FBI Agents WITHERSPOON, sit around a long conference t@ out the meeting is the head of the MVD for t. MAJOR GENERAL BELINKO and his aide, COLONEL
9) 9) dialog: At least we know we're gatcing to
9) 33) text: loors an or. More shots of the building: upper Preston stares a hole in the monic limping man exit the building. 7. man who stood in Terek's meeting ~
9) 43) dialog: {turns to Witherssoon) - Contact Interpol and the French A Get everything you can on a Legic named Politovsky.
9) 50) dialog: rT ‘got a feeling.
15) 0) text: Eating piroshki wrapped in greasy newspaper, Preston and CIA Station Chief, LAWSON, stroll beneatt towering spires of St. Basil's Cathedral.
15) 4) dialog: I didn't say this. But yeah.
17) 2) text: Preston, Aeroflot m slowly.
17) 12) dialog: What's wrong?
17) 24) text: She shakes her head, walking off with a si shrugs at Preston, mystified:
17) 28) dialog: To do what's right, not what's exz
18) 34) dialog: He said 'Jackal'?
18) 37) dialog: There's supposedly a killer for hi uses that name. Several assassinat were credited to him but we've nev been able to prove he even exists.
18) 42) dialog: Do you have a name?
18) 56) dialog: Think so? Or do vou hope so.
23) 1) text: Preston, Valentina, Witherspoon, and McMurphy the Director, Donald Brown who looks much the on “Nightline"..
23) 12) dialog: We don't have much, sir. Major Kos informers can't finger, they don't who he is. CIA can't track him, th don't know who to tail. INS can't s him at the airport, they don't know « name or papers he'll be traveling uni
23) 41) dialog: Mulqueen was one of th operators, so heavy in shot up an SAS Sabre herself turned the hea: on him. here to the U.S., then i two twenty-five year weapons trafficking which he's pr serving out at Walpole State pri
23) 48) dialog: Mulqueen may know how to get to = zancona. But if he does we're go to give him something.
26) 18) dialog: She's entered the coun:
26) 22) text: Weighing it for a moment, Preston decides
26) 23) dialog: A man. A pro. Calls his.
26) 32) dialog: We think she might've seen him. be able help us find him. If so: O : arrange a pardon for her signed President of the United States a guarantee of no extradition. We guarantee that the Spanish gover never knows her whereabouts.
26) 40) text: Preston sighs, exchanging glances with the oz? leans forward, her Russian accenc and natural Declan by surprise.
26) 54) text: Glancing at Declan's file, Valentina jots ¢ Preston reading: “And three inmates dead.* >
26) 68) text: A pause while Preston and Valentina glare at witherssoon. Nice going. Then Preston exhales wearily and:
26) 69) dialog: Allright, what would you take to heip us?
26) 73) dialog: Well that's just flat impossi
26) 77) dialog: Out of the question. Read your own it's not just the gun-running conviction, you're officially a m with 17 confirmed kills of Briti military and police personel.
26) 94) dialog: Well it's not gonna happen.
26) 97) dialog: I'm sorry. They all get up and start to leave. Declan dacides to > his trump card, calling after them:
27) 0) text: This improbably thrown-together group of hun the gate and stops. Preston takes a set of Witherspoon, pointing to Declan's shackles.
27) 12) text: Declan reluctantly shakes his head. Preston rex cuffs. The FBI men go to ticket counter. Va and starts reading a dog-eared Russian pao sits down next to her. After a moment she sué aware that he's staring at her.
28) 0) text: A working-class, bayshore suburb, the houses of watermen factory workers jumbled together in this bay-front neighborhood. A white Chevy Cap "government" written all over it coasts to stop. Ins Valentina drives, Declan next to her, Witherspoon and Preston in back, poring over files. She slows, turning to Declan who looks at the small house they're i ‘ children's toys scattered across an other lawn. He shifts uneasily.
29) 1) text: Preston and Witherspoon are in the car, watenir house, Witherspoon filling out a report on
29) 4) dialog: Maybe. I don't know. #.
29) 8) dialog: Listen, however he straight. Isabella remains classified. (points to his c That means nothing in name, no location, no
34) 3) text: Declan stands looking over a highway Preston is at a desk nearby, poring over enters, breathless, hardly able to contain
34) 9) dialog: (rises quickly, dons coat) Have Customs run his passport--I w know where he is and whére he's be: Then call Andrews and tell ‘em we's wheels-up in twenty minutes.
35) 13) dialog: We're ten minutes out. 11 Detroit > to secure the house and begin the
35) 24) text: 2 AGENTS with a cutting torch burn their way i a wali safe. Preston, Declan, and Valentina enter. P on is handed a folder which he opens, passing it to Declan. It' the service record of one Charles H. Calthrop. The photo of a very young Green Beret Lieutenant -- the face is so extremely, gawkily youthful as to be unrecognizable.
35) 25) dialog: That him?
35) 28) dialog: (to Witherspoon) The neighbors say he's on a hunting trip in Canada. Check for a Charles Calthrop flying from any Canadian airport to or from Helsinki around the time of the Jackal's meeting with Terek.
35) 32) dialog: You heard them.
35) 34) dialog: And get a laser in here. I
42) 0) text: The meeting is an august one: Director Brown, DEPUTIES fr CIA, NSC, and SECRET SERVICE, Russian AMBASSADOR KOLDIN, Security Director BOLITONOV. The only man in the room without a tie, Declan sits at the far end of the table wi valentina. Everyone has’a file. Preston turns to Brown.
42) 1) dialog: a . Maybe we should start by canceling your — public appearances.
42) 26) dialog: Mulqueen!
42) 39) text: doesn't forgive error prospered, he's preva he's up against a sta way ‘round. Brown isn't a man who scares easy but this siv He turns for confirmation to Preston who neés.
48) 4) text: Valentina dozes on a couch ‘in the corner wh. at Preston's desk in a circle of lamp light, electric razor. Finished, he opens a drawer t back and SEES a PISTOL under some papers. He gun, then at the couch. Valentina is asleep overhead lights come on and Preston enters, the razor Ss at the
48) 6) dialog: Oslo travel cam2 up with a James Hayslip who flew from Toronto May two days before the meeting with” So we checked the Social Security on his passport. It's le imate, guess what--it Delongs to an inma committed to a mental inscitution Virginia 12 years ago.
48) 16) dialog: (produces another file) Now, ready for the bomb? Canad. says Hayslip flew to Montreal ago.
48) 18) text: Valentina leaps up from the couch, taking ch: Preston. She hands Declan a passport photo-- variation of the Jackal's. Preston tugs on Valentina's la
48) 19) dialog: The RCMP liaison officer in Montreal name is Beaufres, he's checking 2 in the area. Make sure he covers car rental companies and every airline with service to the U.S. And get that over to Customs.
57) 0) text: The flying office is pointed north, Preston, Valentina, a Declan huddled in the back.
57) 5) dialog: HaySlip's disappeared, probably u one of the other identities. we' Hayslip's passport picture to the OC Patrol. Maybe we'll gec lucky.
57) 15) text: She goes forward. Preston looks at Declan, ¢2 in his eye:
57) 17) dialog: So, there! Both men burst into laughter, as anything. Then Declan turns pens Ce : DECLAN Tell me about her.
57) 20) dialog: Well... you don't have to worry ab her if that's t you're wonder Best cop I've ever seen.
57) 24) dialog: Well she saved my life for one thi And did it knowing she'é be under death sentence from Tersk for kill his brother.
57) 27) dialog: And can you imagine what it must've taken to do what she's cone? A wo like her? In tt country, under t system? Amazing...
58) 0) text: Valentina, DECLAN, Preston, and RCMP Detective BEAUFRES stare down at the taped silhouette of the Maid's body. A plastic bag is taped over the door handle.
58) 2) dialog: Did you get prints anywhere? BEAUFRES to No. We had to call a hazardous waste a) unit to sterilize the room and hallway.
58) 4) dialog: What the hell was it?
58) 6) dialog: Good God... What about the others?
58) 22) dialog: (to Witherspoon) Do an alpha trace on all purchases in this part of the country. Then ch the buyers and see who doesn't know about the purchase. {to Beaufres) Meanwhile, will you put out a bulle: on all minivans with temp plates?
58) 27) dialog: Send the Hayslip photo.
64) 1) text: Preston writes on a chalkboard. Scribbled on the Jackal's itinerary as they know it. And th RUIDIAZ and HAYSLIP. Preston writes a question Beaufres and Witherspoon enter.
64) 9) dialog: Anything from the border? We senc a description of the van to every crossing. from here to Manitoba. ©
65) 0) text: An RCMP helicopter ZOOMS down out of the sky Preston, Valentina, and Declan exit from the the front. An ONTARIO DETECTIVE greats them.
65) 4) dialog: I think we got the idea. Let's loox az the shop.
67) 0) text: Preston, Valentina, and Declan pore over a sé: =: plans- Jackal's plans.
67) 19) dialog: What would his range be on a gun this? Eight hundred yards? A tho
73) 0) text: Lights are burning on the 3rd floor, a lot of overtime be earned. The usual faces are gathered, slumped around the table, dejection plain on everyone's face. Preston faces Brown.
73) 1) dialog: I'm afraid, sir, that immediately we conclude this meeting, I'm going to insist you move.to Quantico until further notice. Things being what they are, 75,000 Marines on a military installation can protect you a lot better than we can. The others nod, relectantly confirming the awful truth.
73) 4) dialog: No, he has a weapon and mount to transport. Declan spreads a road atlas on the table and points. (CONTINUED)
73) 10) dialog: The Great Lakes? Virtually none.
73) 19) dialog: It's better than just waiting for nim to show up.
75) 0) text: A forest of sailboat masts clog a sprawling carina, the piers crowded with YACHTSMEN and SPECTATORS. clan, Valentina, Witherspoon, and Preston spread a = on the hood of a police cruiser.
75) 5) dialog: Eighteen yacht clubs and marinas in the Metro area. Witherspoon take Waveland. Declan and valentina, Chicago yacht Club. I'll take the locals. We're looking for an Ontario-registered boat. It may have race numbers, it may not. A sudden, rapid series of EXPLOSIONS, exactly like gunfir The hunters spin around. A BURST OF FIREWORKS spatters up from the piers. The tension level is beginning to tell.
75) 6) dialog: Stay on your radios. If you find something, call in back-up. I want an arrest, not a firefight.
75) 8) dialog: Are you crazy? If the right people even knéw I was letting you walk around without cuffs I'd get forced retirement. Preston and the others drive off. Valentina and Declan st the literally hundreds of boats in the harbor all around them, both shaking their heads in amazement. After a beat
76) 37) dialog: I guess you're right... Anything else?
80) 17) dialog: Which way do you think he's coming? DECLAN . East. But he'll take his time. He knows you can't watch toll booths forever. Preston shakes his head, pacing as Valentina enters.
80) 19) dialog: Okay, he flew from Chicago back to Montreal two days before the killings, that leaves four days unaccounted for... (CONTINUED)
80) 24) dialog: Damn! He's ahead of us every step.
80) 27) dialog: But we have a physical description, at least that isn't going to change.
80) 29) dialog: (thinks hard, decides) Allright, we're going to release the Hayslip picture. Maybe the public, God love ‘em, will help. We'll say he's a suspected serial killer. The press eats that stuff up. Besides, it's the t
83) 1) dialog: Guess this couldn't wait three minutes.
83) 3) dialog: I hate this job. Ali right... get Tennessee State Police on the location. Seal the roads in and get a helicopter on Interstate 40.
84) 0) text: A MAID is ushered to a table by a STATE TROOPER. val and Witherspoon gesture for him to sit so thay can b questions. The rest of the GUESTS and STAFF are assemb nearby, waiting. A STATE POLICE SERGEANT takes a paper fr the table and walks across the lobby, handng the paper to Preston. Declan sits next to him.
84) 3) dialog: Why does he leave in the middle of the night?
84) 5) dialog: {to the Sergeant) He's got at least four hour's head start. Put out a bulletin on the car, list all his aliases, including the new one, Walters. (to McMurphy) Photograph everything. Get a latent (MORE)
84) 11) text: Valentina walks over and hands Preston a piece of paper.
84) 15) dialog: Let's talk to the lady.
87) 3) text: Encircled by an immaculate white fence, past with thoroughbred horses, a four coiumned mansion is surrounded by state police cars and sheriff's cruisers. helicopter lands on the front lar Valentina, Preston," Declan alight and are met by a STHTE TROOPER. yw wy o fon
88) 0) text: Preston and Valentina sit in wing chairs acress from Jennifer. Declan prowls the room. It's a fo 1 Old South- style salon done in antiques and Laura Ash
88) 10) dialog: We know you spent the night with him. I'm sorry, Mrs. Strasser, but I think Cc) you should know how serious this is.
88) 15) dialog: He killed some people. If you see him again--if he contacts you, calls, or writes a postcard, let us know. =) Preston pulls out a business card. She takes the card. Declan, Valentina, and Preston head for the door: .
89) 1) dialog: This was recorded at 1 a.m. this morning. It's a call to a number in Brighton Beach, New York. A voice crackles from the speaker--the tinny, static-clog sound of a phone tap. The voice is hard to place.
89) 5) dialog: {stops the tape) Unfortunately that information came from Cy this room.
89) 15) dialog: T-didn't... so I tapped all of them.
89) 19) dialog: The Brighton Beach number belongs tc this man, Varlam Slaschev. He's the of Terek's operations in New York.
92) 0) text: Preston, Declan, Valentina, and Witherspoon are crowded inside the van. It's filled with surveillance equipment T monitors, parabolic microphones, etc. Declan sips tea fro paper cup. Next to him with a set of headphones, Valentin listens in on the card game.
92) 5) dialog: (into a microphone) Two six, Alpha Charlie. Tell me when we're clear out front. I want to keep the collateral damage to a minimun.
92) 7) dialog: We'll move in soon as it's clear. I've got agents all around the building and in the street with NYPD back-up. You two (MORE)
92) 12) text: OC Preston tosses Declan a bulletproof vest, val
92) 13) dialog: No gun, but you can have this. You =so, Major. And no arguments.
92) 21) dialog: What's your point?
92) 23) dialog: what?
92) 25) text: Preston looks at Valentina. She shrugs:
92) 27) dialog: Well... your funeral. But if anythi goes wrong, we're coming in.
92) 41) text: and Valentina pers to Preston: Sliding the tire iron up into his sleeve, he get out, start for the deli. Witherspoon wi
95) 0) text: FBI and NYPD are tearing the front room apart, looking fo other Russians and evidence to justify the r while i back room, Slaschev and the other 4 thugs sit cross-leg on the floor against the far wall, hands on ir heads, gentle as lambs, Preston and Witherspoon looking on in amazement. Declan walks up with Valentina, a compact cellular phone and a small black book in his hand. Presto turns to Valentina:
95) 6) dialog: What did he do?
95) 12) dialog: Wait a minute. Are you telling me this is the Jackal's phone?
100) 4) text: Preston's card in hand, Jennifer starts to di returning the card to her purse. It simply betray someone... She turns around. The Jack 1, then stops, ‘tc in her to stands there, eyebrows raised innocently. Both attempt playlul banter.
103) 0) text: Preston walks over to where Declan and Valentina are hudl over Slaschev's black book. Declan looks up:
103) 4) dialog: I want to be in the air and on the way to-Charleston in 15 minutes.
103) 6) dialog: Oh, right, I forgot that's today. Da=n... (to Valentina) Handle it for me, will you? The Director'd as soon have you anyway. You can join us when you get done.
106) 0) text: Police personnel bustle back and forth. Preston and Decla stand by the phone nook under which the taped outline of body is clearly visible. A CRIMINALIST hands Preston a se of fingerprint cards.
106) 5) dialog: So he probably didn't even know about it. Then why did he kill her?
106) 7) dialog: Jesus...
108) 1) text: Road flares sputter, lining the Interstate, and traffic h slowed to a crawl. A burly state TROOPER directs a passin into the rest area, the parking lot of which is filled wi minivans--it looks like every minivan in Virginia is bein stopped. Declan and Preston sit against the fender of a police cruiser, watching as STATE TROOPERS search vehicle and interview DRIVERS. The portable cellular phone in Preston's coat WARBLES. He flips it open and answers.
108) 5) dialog: Preston... What? {to Declan) Valentina's evacuating Isabella and her family in case Jackal knows where she is.
108) 7) dialog: (barks into phone) Get me a helicopter...
112) 0) text: Preston and Declan are in a Virginia state police helicop thundering north at 150 knots, both on cellular phones.
112) 6) dialog: (finishes on phone) Doesn't matter. Isabella and her far are out of there. valentina and the twins are just locking up. All a waste of time anyway. Hell, the Director doesn't even know where Isabella lives, I ordered Witherspoon to keep her ouz of the report. No way Jackal could know.
112) 10) dialog: (takes book) Let me see that.
112) 13) dialog: That first one's the number of the Russian Embassy. Slaschev must've needed it to stay in touch with our leak.
112) 15) dialog: That's not a phone number, that's a computer access code... {looks again, reacts) Son of a bitch, that's an FBI access code! No wonder he was always one jurmp-- A pause as a dreadful possibility comes to both at once:
112) 24) dialog: Scroll...
112) 27) dialog: Witherspoon, you by-the-book asshole--
112) 29) dialog: Good God... ‘Preston jumps on his radio as..
115) 0) text: Lights flashing, a Virginia state police cruiser careens the road and up onto the front yard. Ambulances have arrived along with local police. Preston and Declan tux out and run toward the house...
117) 0) text: Isabella returns, making her way past cops and FBI agents the living room as ambulance attendants haul away the bod spotting Declan standing in a corner with Preston. He has known much grief in his life, but at this moment he seems utterly inconsolable. Preston fades away as she appears a Declan's side, putting her arms around him.
121) 0) text: The working group is gathered around a dining room table, augmented by a SEAL TEAM COMMANDER and a GRE BERET COLONEL. At the table's end, Preston looks 1 hell while the Green Beret stands in front of a map, p er in hand.
121) 7) dialog: He doesn't have a helicopter or a to help him set up. He's alone.
121) 17) dialog: God... Preston stands suddenly and walks out. The others exchang horrified looks, digesting Declan's words...
122) 0) text: The forested grounds around the hunting lodge. Preston stands in the middle of an oak grove, leaning dejectedly against a broad trunk as Declan walks up. Ke can tell ata glance something is very wrong.
122) 2) dialog: Nothing, it's just--all this, it's wrong,. it's just flat wrong. I want to do something, I... {faces him) You know, the way you handled it. when Valentina, when she... it was so, it was beautiful, it was so... gallant. ‘And that's good because you... But what about me? What about me? I mean... I loved her too. Preston begins to tear-up. It's so utterly unlike him tha Declan's entire attitude toward him instantly changes.
122) 4) dialog: And the thing is, I just can't stop thinking that if I'd just trusted you and given you that God damn gun when you .asked for it, the Jackal'd be dead now and Valentina... (CONTINUED)
122) 10) dialog: I can't help it. Preston turns away, hitting the tree trunk. Declan puts a gentle hand on his shoulder.
122) 13) text: Preston nods, attempting a smile, and touching his hand..
129) 0) text: Declan faces Preston with Brown and the others looking on
129) 3) dialog: What?
129) 5) dialog: Wasn't, he referring to Isabella?
135) 2) text: EY, and ennehy is on Inside are Preston, Declan, an agent named DE three HRT types, POSTEN, AKASHI, and JOHNSON. the radio. He turns to Preston:
135) 10) dialog: Tell them.
135) 12) dialog: If you're right, what's he waiting for?
138) 5) dialog: (to Declan) You'll need a gun. A look passes between them as Preston gives Declan his Beretta. Preston turns to Dennehey who reluctantly hands gun over to him.
138) 16) dialog: That's gonna take longer.
142) 0) text: The chopper descends to an apartment rooftop near the hospital and Declan, Preston, and Dennehey jump out. Cradling a Winchester Model 700, Akashi is the last man o The helicopter roars away. Preston yells to Declan.
142) 1) dialog: I'm going for the First Lady! you're cleared hot on the weapon or shooter! Preston and Dennehey shove through a door and down the stairs. Declan and Akashi go to the roof's edge and swing their weapons over. The podium and crowd are directly bel
147) 0) text: Preston and Dennehey shove through the CROWD. Preston flashes his credentials to a SECRET SERVICE AGENT. The aA and Preston run for the podium, Dennehey hot after them..
155) 6) text: Preston drives toward the First Lady, coveri body ene tackling her to the carpet. A sound THUNDER rolls over the scene as the gunfire h off to the side...
162) 0) text: SHOUTING, CONFUSION. Preston collapses as Secrez Service Agents bundle the First Lady off the platform. pulls his hand away from his trousers--his leg is torn by shrapnel.
167) 0) text: File in hand, Brown and an AIDE stand with Preston and Declan, watching as a stainless steel coffin is iowered i an unmarked grave. Preston is on a set of crutches, Decla arm is bandaged and in a sling. (CONTINUED)
167) 11) dialog: I insist on going back, sir. I'm staying. there until Terek Murad's either rotting in prison or the grave.
167) 13) dialog: Who the hell was he? Guess we'll never know.
167) 17) dialog: Well, then we were lucky, I guess.
167) 19) dialog: What about Isabella?
167) 21) dialog: I know about the key she gave you. I know you could've used it to take off at any time. You do have one of those drop boxes like the Jackal, don't you? {as Declan shrugs) Did you read the paper today? I'm quite the hero because of you. The agent who saved the First Lady. Hell, 1 could screw up everything else for the rest of my life and still be untouchable.
167) 24) text: operative with your experience... with a clean passport... and a wad of cash... I bet if you'd taken off we'd never've found you. . Preston looks past the gate of the cemetery--there's a . little coffee shop across the street.
167) 25) dialog: Do you drink coffee? No, that's right, they drink tea in Ireland. Hey, do you mind, I think I'll ask across the street, see if they have any. Tea I mean. Be back in... 30 minutes? Or an hour? Maybe two hours? That okay? Declan smiles. Preston takes his hand.
167) 26) dialog: ‘Thanks, kid. Thanks for everything.
167) 33) dialog: You mean that?
167) 35) dialog: Yeah, she was... Oh, God, how do = say it? She was...
167) 37) text: Preston nods. Both men are about to brim o Declan hits Preston's shoulder, sending him Preston limp from the cemetery and across t. the coffee shop. Then Declan takes a deep b: his collar up against the cold, and walks awe