7) 2) text: A small crowd of TOURISTS drink clean, well-lit Finnish rescauran:. at a long banquet table ac the far end of t At the head sits Ghazzi's brother, TEREX MU Terrible'--outwardly pleasant, w. charm, but with-the dead, lustre killed. 2 of his Russian bodygua + KOLYA on either side. Around the table, TCHECHENS attention while at Terek's right, Vasilov f typicaliv
7) 15) text: Terek nods, thinking, then almost 2s an aft
7) 33) text: rehead spreads staura: Terek is halfway out of his chair, veins in fh bulging. Stunned by his outburst, 2 cense si across the banquet table and thro’ the ent Badly shaken, Vasilov starts sputt ng:
7) 52) text: Before he can utter another syl le Terek hatchet from behind his back and brings it Vasilov's head with an appalling *crunch" and again, driving him into his plate, blo everywhere midst breaking glass and scatte: of unutterable horror ripples through the the tourists literally paralyzed with frig: even to run. Meanwhile, Terek scands, hace. splattered with blood, looking lixe some w. version of an ancient Tatar war Chieftain. at his lieutenants then tosses table. Meanwhile Vasilov's twitch slides out of the chair to the floor.
7) 66) text: Terek sits back down and picks act then pushes his it away with his softly, like Satan preaching to
7) 73) text: PULL IN on Terek as his eyes voice drops to
8) 7) text: = of a smile tow. The es it on. The Man in Black allows himself the merest hi ds Terek enters, breathless, Alexei and Kol. Man lowers the TV's volume with a remote but
8) 11) text: The armed man pours Terek a pepper vodka and n2ngs it to MAN . If we could get to the coinc. Terek tosses back his drink and sets himseli,
8) 16) text: Terek leans forward in his chair, fairly tre g with blood-lust:
8) 24) text: Terek shows him a photograph. The Man loo QO expression remaining blank. Terex puts it
8) 25) dialog: If we choose to employ someone yourself on this, a professionai
8) 30) dialog: Can you do it?
8) 32) text: ‘TEREK But you could kill this person?
8) 35) dialog: Will you do it?
8) 38) dialog: How much?
8) 40) text: Terek thinks it over then gives a
8) 48) dialog: Why not? Done.
8) 58) text: Terek pauses to mull this over a pulls a Mont Blanc from his coat something on a sheaf of paper, hen: : MAN. This is the number of London. The Bank is C Once you've transferred move, provided rushed by anyone. This pick the time and the gets the details. All a number in the U.S. w updates on any changes measures. Telex the nur money. I hear from you = the deal's off. I won't contact you again.
8) 68) text: The man rises, making for the door. Terek haz he account number to Alexei then calls out to the Man.
8) 80) dialog: The Jackal...
9) 33) text: loors an or. More shots of the building: upper Preston stares a hole in the monic limping man exit the building. 7. man who stood in Terek's meeting ~
42) 16) text: Declan gives Valentina a look like, “who is VALENTINA . The Jackal is following Terek's ori for a very bloody, very public assassination--a statement if you Terek makes doing his own killing point of honor so if he's commissi another to do this for him, be ass it's something to take very seriou Director Brown will never be safe the Jackal is captured or killed.