11) 0) text: Well-heeled TRAVELERS come and go. The man the Jackal sits at a corner table reading a At an adjacent table, a BEARDED &> Bluff, red-faced, he has ‘Sail battered Halliburton case. The from his table and stagger for ti
11) 12) text: The Yachtsman's attention is all on the snack table. deft move, the Jackal rises, leans over, opens the ma briefcase, removing his wallet and passport and stufi them into the newspaper before walking ouc. Nobody saw thing...
12) 0) text: The Jackal walks down a Soho back street and pushing through a squeaky doorway. 20 somewhere in the building as the Jackal cli stairs and knocks on a door. A dreadlock
13) 7) text: the The Jackal angles the license ‘in and out holograms shine beautifully. The Jackal Murdock's wallet. Each of several photo National ID card, a yacht club m have been similarly altered.
13) 19) text: The Jackal produces a stack of t exchanges it for the Jamaican's and sticking it in his pocket.
14) 9) text: The Jackal enters an opulenly apsointed off wainscoting. Behind a beautiful French part: bank president, CLIVE WOOLBURTON, stands an
14) 42) text: of-the-art es the roon. s himseli tc chair. He an ashtray Woolburton opens the desk -- inside is a st Macintosh 840AV. Woolburton turns it on and The Jackal opens a humidor on the desk and a $40.00 Havana cigar, dropping into a leat lights the cigar and burns the phone number then swivels to face the computer.
14) 50) text: The screen blinks and scrolls the spoken Inc The Jackal is Net surfing.
14) 56) text: The Jackal exhales smoke. As he sseaks, his «:rds appear the Macintosh screen as type.
19) 0) text: The Jackal appoaches a CANADIAN CU. an American passport. The Customs < picture is the Jackal's -- the nam
19) 9) text: The Customs Officer looks over the desk. There's a fishing case next to the Jackal's luggage. He stamps 2 into the Jackal's passport and:
20) 0) text: Canadian and Quebec flags fly over a used ¢ the showroom windows a brand new blue mi. a desk in the showroom, the Jackal signs
20) 5) text: The Jackal hands over a platinum credit cari and an Onzar driver's license, both in the name of Mur.
20) 10) text: The Jackal sits behind the wheel of his bize minivan reading a newspaper. A couple of spaces do young mother pulls up in another minivan. as she gets her twin infants out of the ca stroller, and trudges into the supermarke the door and walks to the rear bumper of « van. He quickly starts to unscrew her lic:
21) 0) text: The Jackal's van is parked, windows maskeé «i newspaper, painted white. Stripped to the removes a respirator mask and puts away a a bench and picking up a stopwatch. He st picks up a garden hose with a high-pressu sprays the side of the car. The special « comes off easily. He smiles and continues
33) 4) text: A nondescript machine shop on an-industrial Jackal's minivan parked out front. The place milling equipment, lathes, and molding mach light burns in the office where the Jackal b> of plans, going over them with an owlish, s¢ machinist, LAMONT, who peers over nis shoulder.
36) 0) text: The Jackal walks to the Customs desk in t The female CUSTOMS OFFICER is extremely f£ arture area.
36) 4) text: The Jackal smiles blankly, opening a red Ar The Customs woman stamps an exit visa into ine passpor hands it ba
38) 0) text: The finishing touches are being put on the =. Children's Hospital. A WORK CREW pai asphalt parking lot where a sign next week. A list of Was headline, including the General, and the Director of the photograph. While 0.S. we HEAR t MUSIC cranking up, the Jackal ch “when"...
38) 10) text: Donna Summer's “Hot Love" thumps from the j upscale gay bar off DuPonc Circle. The place with a clientele of gay "clones", conservati in government jobs, dressed mostly in slacks aligator shirts. While on the dance floor, a clad BUREAUCRAT-TYPE dances with a beefy CON WORKER, the Jackal sits at the end of the bar beer. Drink in hand, a good-looking young la. stool next to the Jackal. His name is DOUGLAS. edium busy mosexuals
39) 0) text: at a back Several drinks later. Douglas and the Jackal nd on the booth, laughing at shared joke. Douglas puts Jackal's knee.
39) 8) text: The Jackal grimaces then nods at Douglas' rai ayebrow:
40) 0) text: OC The Jackal walks down a Georgetown street past fashion homes of lobbyists and lawyers, peering in the windows of parked cars. Some have blinking red security lights on th dash but one gleaming BMW is dark. Donning gloves, he tak out an ice pick and silently punches it through the windo Expanding the hole with a few blows of his gloved fist, h reaches in and snatches what he's been after: the plastic resident parking permit dangling from the rearview mirror
41) 0) text: A SALESMAN leafs through a stack of $100 bills while the Jackal gets behind the wheel of a late-model yellow miniv exactly the same model as before...
42) 16) text: Declan gives Valentina a look like, “who is VALENTINA . The Jackal is following Terek's ori for a very bloody, very public assassination--a statement if you Terek makes doing his own killing point of honor so if he's commissi another to do this for him, be ass it's something to take very seriou Director Brown will never be safe the Jackal is captured or killed.
44) 2) text: Wrapped in a towel, the Jackal walk of Chicago ‘spreading out beneath long distance.
44) 12) text: The Jackal hangs up the phone. For a long m out at the city. Somewhere, far below, a SIRE
46) 0) text: turns ints se to A waterfront street in Montreal. A white m. the parking lot of the shipping offices. It quitting time and as the Jackal slides out wheel a pair of SECRETAR are exiting the Holding the door for them, the Jackal enters...
47) 3) text: A hand dolly leans against the white minivan shoves a long wooden box into the back and shut. The Jackal smiles. ‘JACKAL Thank you much.
48) 18) text: Valentina leaps up from the couch, taking ch: Preston. She hands Declan a passport photo-- variation of the Jackal's. Preston tugs on Valentina's la
48) 27) text: The Jackal, wearing tinted contact lenses, hair style and color totally unlike the picture, fi offa sandwich at an outside a table, in sight of his minivan parked out front. A MAN sitting in a parked sedan ac street looks away as the Jackal turns his gaze towar Sensing something's not right the Jackal stands, putt couple of bills on the table. He walks awa pretending to gawk into a grubby-looking shoe in the reflection of which he can SEE 2 oT getring into the sedan. All 3 men are looking his way. Walking a doors down, the Jackal enters an all-night copy shop.
50) 3) text: The Jackal'‘s fingers fly over the keys. 7 of a dial tone and then a number being dia types out: "“SYNWEAP @: 32 November Zebra", computer. screen: CLIENT REFERENCE 008 ZULU--
50) 14) text: The computer screen silently types back: CONTACTED US. INTERNET PENETRATED. POSSI3z COMPROMISED. The Jackal types: POLICE? The answer scrolls silently across his screen: HI JACKERS
51) 3) text: Driving through the outskirts of Montreal, the Jackal che his rearview mirror. In the road behind hin, sedan follows at a discreet distance. The Jackal cu: into underground parking garage of an “All Suite: sedan pulls to the curb as the parking barrier comes down behind the Jackal's minivan.
52) 5) text: the van into quickly len ones. The Jackal drives to the lowest level, bac a space. Knowing he doesn't have much time, & removes the temporary plates, putting on the Then, opening the back of the van and tossing
53) 0) text: Going up, the Jackal stands alone in the glass elevator, looming interior of the hotel opening arow: of hallways and balconies over a cavernous i: He looks down. 5 floors below, he sees Alver talk to a CLERK at the front desk, then go to
54) 1) text: The Jackal slips into his room, grabbing his 2lready-r bags...
56) 11) text: The Jackal SPRINGS into frame from behind instant. A rapid flurry of action as the out with swift precision: he DRILLs his 1 tremendous force into Zimanski's throat, a choking heap with a crushed larynx while Alverez, in one move bending his gun arm ba like a twig, and using it to spin him into automatically CRUMPLES his spinal cord wit’ ‘cluck'. Over as quickly as it began, all Jackal steps over the bodies and walks cal. to the stairs...
59) 0) text: A 2 lane highway cuts through forestland. Off to the side the road sits one of the anomalies of Canadian architectu an art-moderne car wash in the middle of nowhere. The v. doors are open and the Jackal whistles as he scrubs.the s of it with a soap-and-steam-gushing pressure brush finish the original white-off job and washing off the door handl
60) 0) text: As the Jackal pilots his blue van the radar detector on t dash starts to CHIRP. The Jackal glances at the speedoi and smiles--he's doing an even 55 miles an hour. Sut=re enough, cresting a slight hill, the Jackal pulls the sun visor down low as he spots an Ontario Provincial police cruiser parked facing traffic, a radar gun clipped to the window. The van sails right past...
62) 0) text: Through the window we see the Jackal's blue van parked ou front as Lamont beams, watching the Jackal i handiwork. The unit is a hollow metallic c. high, Inside are servos, gears, electric m short support arms juts: from the middle of . without a gun stuck in it, the contraption icoks odd ar dangerous. The Jackal pushes the support a: unit glides effortlessly through 270 degre he looks at the base. It's black--non-metallic.
63) 14) text: The Jackal connects the car battery to the small TV set and R/C unit seen lier int a switch: on the TV screen is a view of the He works the joystick and servos WHIR, gun panning left and right until they find the t paper plate. Pushing a button on che joystic zooms in until the nails show plainly under
63) 55) text: The Jackal steps aside as a thrilled Lamont hits ‘ent . Side-by-side, they watch the cannon automatically swing around, unexpectedly doing a COMPLETE ASOUT-FACE, the nuz stopping just short of the Jackal but right between Lamon eyes. Lamont freezes. The Jackal steps behind the breech.
63) 69) text: 1, right arn on the round erat the vy able to Insensate with fright, Lamont stands stock-s held straight out at shoulder level. A last joystick, then the Jackal pulls the trigger. SEVERS Lamont's right arm and most of his shi collar bone. Lamont wails loud and low, scare believe his eyes. The Jackal calls to him:
64) 1) text: Preston writes on a chalkboard. Scribbled on the Jackal's itinerary as they know it. And th RUIDIAZ and HAYSLIP. Preston writes a question Beaufres and Witherspoon enter.
68) 3) text: Sailboats and Cabin Cruisers are tied to a wooded cove. The Jackal walks down the dock w cardigan-clad manager of this charter outfit. clipboard at a beautiful, 48-foot sloop nam:
69) 0) text: It's late. CRICKETS sing, moths circle the lichts over th pier as the Jackal's minivan pulls up next to Deja Vu. He cargo hatch is open. Standing in the cockpit, the Jackal unscrews the plate at the end of the boom. The inside is hollow. The Jackal lifts the zSU-33 cannon into the hollo space, pushing it in and re-attaching the end plate...
70) 0) text: Sails furled, Deja Vu drifts far out in Lake Michigan, no land in sight. The Jackal walks aft, pulling a paper cove from the transom. The name Deja Vu has been replaced by ‘Insolent Minx.', port of call, Chicago. The Jackal admir his handiwork, crumpling the transfer paper ané tossing i into the lake. He returns to the cockpit and pushes a pai of buttons. The mainsail and jib unfurl on hydraulic rollers, wind instantly filling them. Insolent Minx and h deadly cargo are airborne, heading for Chicago. The Jacka takes a cellular phone and punches in a set of numbers.
72) 0) text: The Jackal lifts a pair of binoculars, pointing them towa a crowd of sails on the horizon. A flotilla of yachts is heading south--a large Stateside regatta, The Jackal helm over, bringing Insolent' Minx into the wind and pointing bow toward the cluster of sails.
74) 1) text: The Chicago skyline looms on the horizon on brilliant summer morning. Dozens of boats are crowded around Isolen Minx as the Jackal turns at the helm and looxs behind him Blue lights flashing, a Coast Guard cutter is coming up, COAST GUARDSMAN on deck scanning him with binoculars. The Jackal coolly turns his face away and puts on a Cubs baseball cap. The Coast Guard cutter crosses sshind Insol Minx, then passes to starboard, turning on its firefigh hoses. Gushing celebratory fountains, the U. escorts the flotilla--and the Jackal--into ¢
76) 15) text: Just then the Jackal emerges from Insolent , stepping onto the dock as another string of FIRECRAC goes off. Suddenly TIME STANDS STILL as Declan SPOTS the Jackal walking for the minivan, the identification as visual. His predator's radar telling him seo: the Jackal turns. Separated by 20 yards of we and Declan LOCK ON to each other in recogni much visceral
76) 16) text: Declan's eyes... The Jackal's eyes... Declan has no cover, no weapon. Walking down the road at the foot of the piers, Valentina catches sight of a man drawing a silenced piszol from his rain slicker and throwing down on Declan--it' the Jackal.
76) 21) text: The Jackal glances at her as Valentina draws Declan dives off the pier into the water. Ret target of Declan underwater, the Jackal kno about to fire and smoothly drops to one knee entina is tas...
76) 22) text: Valentina FIRES, her bullet smashing into a piling where Jackal's head just was. Keeping his eyes on his underwate target, the Jackal points his pistol behind hin and blind RAPID FIRES 1-2-3-4-5-6 times in valentina's Girection...
76) 27) text: Valentina dives over the fender of a car as heii a dozen silenced slugs SPANG into it, pinning her b: the car. Though there are PEOPLE everywhere, only a few ¢rasp what happening. Meanwhile more FIREWORXS chatter as Valentina FIRES twice... ving up on minivan... Both shot miss, but force the Jackal to move, Declan. He conceals his pistol and starts for
77) 11) text: ced < in hand, en the fron: is a safe Jackal unlocks and heaves up the coor. A re cardboard box sits atop a wooden pallet. To the Jackal kneels in front of it. He slices o of the cardboard carton with a box cutter. Th
77) 12) text: inside. The Jackal fingers the combination pulls on the lever, and the latches pop. Gingerly, he s the door open an inch, placing a wooden wedge between door and o the crack open. Rigged e. He ic into his the latch. Using cutters, the Jackal reache and snips a wire. He swings the safe door w: to blow, a Thermite grenade is taped to the i: removes the grenade, replaces the pin, and pu toolbox, then takes a thick manila envelope f the safe. He rips open the envelope. It. contains a pai Virginia license plates, some cash, and a full set of 2mr.D. including credit cards, driver's license, and zassport.
78) 2) text: A Victorian mansion somewhere outside of Memphis converte to a romantic weekend retreat. The Jackal's van is parked out front.
79) 5) text: A CLERK hands the Jackal a room key. his shoulder bag and heads across the lobby. staircase is a striking woman in a white sun
79) 8) text: hat, and summer gloves. This is JENNIFER STRAS About 42, she is very beautiful, very southern, and very ealthy Passing on the stairs, the Jackal looks back at ner..
80) 0) text: Evening service is ending. Alone ac le by the fire, Jennifer sips a glass of wine. cigarette from her purse. The Jackal appears from thin with a lighter. She takes the light.
82) 3) text: s up, finds her pu t her driver's lic zaching into his coac, Jennifer is asleep. The Jackal g and takes out her wallet, looking memorizing the name and address.
85) 0) text: The Jackal's minivan passes the towers of downcown Atlant
86) 0) text: The Jackal's van pulls from a stail -- it's yellow now.
96) 0) text: The Jackal leans against his van, a hand-held cellular ph in his ear. Their conversation INTERCUTS between them.
97) 8) text: the oncoming traffic lane. On the other side cf driving at top speed, the Jackal sees the car coming at doing his best to avoid him. But Dave hits his brakes, beginning to skid, and CLIPS the rear end of @ minivan. The Jackal keeps the van on the road. Dave er. ditch. The Jackal jumps out. The left rear p in. Opening the rear gate, he checks the gun =ount and weapon. They're undamaged. Just then Dave staggers into v
98) 1) text: pears in the suit. She Though Jennifer's home. The DOORBELL rings. Jennifer foyer, looking cool and elegant in a white li opens the door. The Jackal steps into the doo: trying to cover, her expression registers sho
99) 0) text: The Jackal dozes in bed. Jennifer lies next to him, bitin her lip. She slips out of bed and oulls on a cressing gow
101) 0) text: The lights flicks on. The Jackal studies hims mirror, opening his shaving kit. Inside are of hair dye. Finding a glass, he starts mixi che colors..
104) 0) text: Pushing water before its blunt bow, the ferry chugs seren north. The Jackal sits against the railing, P ico Sound
119) 1) text: The Jackal leans aganst a pay phone. He smiles, narrow ey
126) 0) text: The Jackal unwraps the cellophane from a small gray tab o cordite, popping it in his mouth and chasing it down with sip of coffee. He takes a small battery-operated TV set f his duffel bag and connects 2 coaxial cables, screwing th into a small black.box. He next opens the back of Jennife garage door opener, plugging 2 thin wires into it, connecting it to the R/C unit he used to test the gun...
127) 4) text: The Jackal parks the van on a Silver Hill sic gate pointed downhill. He reaches into the seat next to him and removes the resident pa: stole earlier, hanging it from the rearview m gathers up the duffel bag and locks the car.
130) 0) text: The Jackal is set up on the hillside in a small park with the battery-operated TV and R/C unit-garage opener on the grass in front of him, protected by some trees, only 40 yards from his van with a good view of the dais. He sits (CONTINUED)
132) 0) text: The Jackal peers down through a pair of small Dinoculars, scanning the dais, television cameras and microphones abounding, finally settling on the matronly, reassurring form of the FIRST LADY...
136) 0) text: The Jackal sees a PATROL CAR driving slowly down the road toward his van. He leaves his equipment and waiks, brisk -confident, to intercept the car, waving. A COP leans out
139) 0) text: More APPLAUSE drifts from the ceremony. The Jackal stands and stretches his arms, cracking his knuckles and shaking out his hands.
141) 0) text: Eyes cold as death, the Jackal picks up the remote contro Cradling the black box, he reaches over and switches on t TV. First there is STATIC. The Jackal fingers the remote’ ‘the TV image stabilizes. He puts down the remote control and lifts the binoculars: the First Lady steps behind the podium, the APPLAUSE continuing. The admiration is genuin and just loud enough to drown out the sound of a helicopt approaching fast...
143) 0) text: The Jackal fingers the garage door opener and-- 164 165 166 167 168 169
145) 0) text: The Jackal moves the joystick. On the TV screen the hospi and the parking lot lurch into VIEW...
148) 0) text: The Jackal fingers a switch and on the TV the Crowd.is no visible... then the dais... the image finally settling on the First Lady... . EXT, ROOFTOP - DAY Lo . 175 Declan scans with the rifle. From the sniper scope's POV see windows and rooftops, all empty... Eye pressed to the scope of his rifle, Declan continues to search. Spotting subway station entrance, it suddenly registers: . :
149) 0) text: The First Lady's face fills the TY screen. ‘The Jackal toggles a switch on the remote control box...
151) 0) text: The Jackal fiddles with the controls. Getting a perfect o shot of the First Lady on the TV screen...
153) 0) text: Eyes fixed on the TV screen, the Jackal shifts the remote control unit in his lap and lifts the cover on the red switch, his finger inching toward-:cthe firing lever..
155) 0) text: his TV o the firing The Jackal hears the shot--in the same instant screen wipes to STATIC. He slams his finger button. Shooting blind, the gun OPENS UP.
155) 7) dialog: 
161) 0) text: Resigned to leave the. rest of the equipment, the Jackal carries the duffel bag toward the subway station. As he walks, he puts his windbreaker back on, dumping his policeman's hat, belt, even the handcuffs...
164) 0) text: The Jackal enters, going down one of the long, szeep, polished steel escalators. Reaching the turnstiles, he ev ‘CONTINUED) 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198
164) 7) text: Trying to push his way down the escalator, Desian gets pa way, then leaps up on the metal separator a: down head-first the rest of the way. He jum @ turnst to the platform, knowing he only has moments =a find the Jackal before another train arrives. A TRAIN i>PROACHES o the opposite track. People prepare to board...
164) 11) text: Suddenly Declan sees the Jackal and draws P.: ton's gun. Jackal sees him and dives into the crowd, sp ing across the platform. Declan can't get a clear shot. train passes and he again starts shouting into his shone... The Jackal LEAPS into the train's path. People SCREAM. Declan can't see that the Jackal has cleared =ne entire track and lands on the other side as the train rushes int the station. The Jackal hits the ground hard, his duffel bag. It strikes the THIRD RAIL and in an ARC of blue electric fire. The Jackal ssrings to hi feet, drawing his gun, and moving back up the cunnel, shielded from view by the still-passing train...
165) 10) text: darkness illuminated by arcing electricity a: im lights from distant trains and far-off platforms, de: from electric shock, a train's wheels--or the Jac: -at every turn. Declan moves carefully. Very carefully. The Jackal comes to a. crossing--several sets si tracks a right angles to the one he's on. Following ‘t he's careful to avoid the third rail. Preseni light of a TRAIN APPROACHING--an express goin. opposite direction. a glimpse c= irring him. Declan. s of tons of Declan off- A littie on... Declan sees the light in the distance, catchi=- Jackal, sihouetted in it, sight of the quarry The express is coming hard, only a few feet Blowing by, the power is unbelievable, thous metal racing at 80 MPH, the rush of air push balance and he just avoids touching the third shaken, he waits for the train to pass then =. (CONTINUED)
165) 16) text: Spotting the LIGHTS of the next TRAIN STATION about a mile up the track, the Jackal moves quickly on...
165) 26) text: Running hard and gasping for each breath, we see the firs hint of a crack in the Jackal's cool--he keeps looking za because... Declan keeps coming and coming hard, determined, implaczd He either gets the Jackal now or dies trying. (CONTINUZS)
165) 30) text: Jackal is close to the access stairs to the Seeing the Jackal in the dark about a 100 yarés ahead, Declan stops, takes aim, and FIRES 1-2-3-4-5-4-7-8 shots.
165) 31) text: Bullets WHIZ by the Jackal--one STRIKING him in the calf. goes down. Touching his wound and seeing the biood, the Jackal can't believe his eyes. He turns and FIRES at Decl
165) 32) text: But Declan keeps coming, oblivious to the bullets MISSING him by MILLIMETERS... The Jackal scrambles up the stairs--he can't move quite a quickly as before. He steps onto the platform. Seeing the bleeding, armed gunman, the PASSENGERS panic, SCREAMING a fleeing in all directions. The Jackal sneers has nothing but contempt for these creatures. A TRANSIT PC up, drawing his weapon. Almost casually, the blowing his brains out, at the same time snagging a terrified 13-YEAR-OLD GIRL by the hair and 4 along...
165) 35) text: In the middle of the platform there's a newsstand with a seven-foot model of the Washington Monument ii The Jackal takes up a’position behind this ed crouching down behind the sobbing girl and wa off Declan as he emerges from the stairway--or next train, whichever opportunity presents its
165) 65) text: you want to the rest, but I just w go home. Please. Don't do this to xs... Sweat pouring off him in sheets now, Declan szarts trembling. The Jackal can't believe his eyes. (CONTINUED)