2) 19) text: Eyes locked on the Doorman, Valentina nods toward a GRAY DELIVERY TRUCK parked down the block.
2) 22) text: As Valentina starts across the street the DRIVER hits the ignition, nodding back as he pulls into trafizic. If he s typically, resignedly Russian, the man besiée him is emphatically American. Square jawed, fit, resarkably youthful at close to 60, FBI Deputy Directo: PRESTON is head of the American Legal Attac ranking U.S. law enforcement officer in Rus walkie-talkie from the folds of his windbreaxer.
4) 2) text: to the gray VANS valentina strides purposefully across the str front of the club while simultanec
5) 9) text: valentina steps forward; holsterin Federation Mi sale. You're going in there's no buying your way out.
5) 14) dialog: Ghazzi Murad, I arrest murder of Nikolai Seman Petersburg. You are adv resist.
5) 33) text: A look from Valentina convinces Ghazzi that iz's all true He turns back to Preston: GHAZZi And who are you? Ameri
5) 39) dialog: Who harms the innocent is my enemy. 4 only enemy. GHAZZz The innocent... (snorts contemptucusly) Woman. (to Preston) But you, It's one thing <<:
5) 53) text: Ghazzi's eyes go wild, his long, inny neck Valentina and the other cops stifien and Pre. inkling that these are a breed of criminal experience, men who don't give up even when
5) 57) dialog: I say again, you are advised not ts resist.
5) 60) text: Used to such talk, Valentina registers nothi Sut Preston.
5) 71) dialog: No, I want them alive! with Preston momentarily scunned, les Ghazzi alone, trying to keep his knife- vr left while trying to reach her gun wit zzi grabs her throat with his free hand, trying to squ the life out of her.
5) 84) text: ily as he Ghazzi's grip loosens, eyes fluttering ivolunt sh the body dies. Gasping for air, Valentina manages to away and the now revived Preston hauls her to ner feat as Sasha and Dimitri are finally subdued with a faw last but strokes and handcuffed together while the pool of black blood under Ghazzi's head spreads across the floor....
6) 1) text: Blue lights swirl. Uniformed MVD OFFICERS k back a CROWD of che curious. Almost composed, valentina s on the curs in front of the club. Preston appears beside ner with a flask of brandy. She takes it gratefully and érinks. Afte beat:
6) 6) dialog: Let's hope you never have to.
6) 11) dialog: Next time... Preston nods and walks away. Valetina takes e-other sip o brandy, her hand trembling noticeably.
9) 3) text: MCMURPHY and Rounding loscow area, Preston, Valentina, and two other FBI Agents WITHERSPOON, sit around a long conference t@ out the meeting is the head of the MVD for t. MAJOR GENERAL BELINKO and his aide, COLONEL
9) 11) dialog: Informants say this is just to starz Terek's planning something more dra
9) 14) dialog: Eight days ago an Arkady Kirilenko St. Petersburg met Terek and his two
9) 20) text: pensione. Valentina walks over to a VCR, inserting a t is grainy, jostled, but still legible. First UP, scanning the upper floors of a neat vill (CONTINUED)
9) 25) dialog: They've taken the entire Third fic themselves and their former Spetsnaz -- n one's left the building
9) 36) dialog: Their only contact with the outs this man, Viktor Politovsky: left illegally in 1975, French nation: Legionnaire, goes to the Schlems Post Office twice a day for Terek which arrives general delivery.
9) 49) text: Belinko, Valentina, and Golov stride out. Th exchange uneasy glances.
17) 1) text: Standing next to a Russian ambulance, Valent: witherspoon, and McMurphy watch as the ramp jetliner HISSES open and the rear stairs edg CREWMEN carry a stretcher down the ramp. Po strapped to the gurney, bound and gagged. as wheel the gurney toward Valentina, she places = xe folded warrant into the sheets.
17) 7) dialog: Viktor Politovsky, you are under a for unlawful exit and association criminal elemenc:
17) 11) text: The gurney is pushed into the ambulance. Doors 213M and t ambulance roars off. Valentina looks glum.
18) 11) dialog: “why is Terik in Finl ? Tell us.‘
18) 15) dialog: “Security. Must stay safe until...fab." (for Interrogator) “What Job? What are ¢ (for Politovsky) “Example. The Americans.* (for Interrogator) “What example? What are they plan (for Politovsky) “Kill. Example. Jackal. Jackal."
18) 40) text: Belinko takes a drag then lets it out slowly. =s exists. Belinko turns to Valentina and nods.
18) 41) dialog: From time to time he was XGB asset.
18) 43) dialog: No name. Payments were made to the contracting organization or a Hong } bank account. No KGB officer has ¢ seen him but it was be possibly American or Canadian. If Jackal is North American then what Terek's planning, the U.S. is a li venue. Moreover... (takes a breath) Letters found in Politovsky's brie? contained biographical material on Donald Brown, Director of t Bureau of Investigation.
23) 1) text: Preston, Valentina, Witherspoon, and McMurphy the Director, Donald Brown who looks much the on “Nightline"..
23) 6) dialog: Since 1983, KGB provided funding fer five direct-action missions. One b and four assassinations by gunshot. Jackal was the operative.
23) 23) dialog: Using KGB files, I've i operatives we believe to seen him. Four are dead, one is in
23) 51) text: Valentina watches Brown drums his fingers of sympathy in her eyes~-only she can see professional cool he's very worried, Brown
26) 41) dialog: Would it matter that you might be saving a human life?
26) 43) dialog: Mr. Donald Brown, Director of the
26) 54) text: Glancing at Declan's file, Valentina jots ¢ Preston reading: “And three inmates dead.* >
26) 67) text: ars (turns to Valentina) Sorry for the language. Been in prison.
26) 68) text: A pause while Preston and Valentina glare at witherssoon. Nice going. Then Preston exhales wearily and:
26) 84) dialog: I don't see the distinction. you szill took the lives of 17 human beings.
26) 111) dialog: You can? How?
27) 15) dialog: What?
27) 25) dialog: (embarrassed) Please...
27) 31) dialog: Very much. You know her work?
28) 0) text: A working-class, bayshore suburb, the houses of watermen factory workers jumbled together in this bay-front neighborhood. A white Chevy Cap "government" written all over it coasts to stop. Ins Valentina drives, Declan next to her, Witherspoon and Preston in back, poring over files. She slows, turning to Declan who looks at the small house they're i ‘ children's toys scattered across an other lawn. He shifts uneasily.
28) 9) dialog: The two of you were... Valentina points to the volume of George Sand in her bag. Declan's look says, “Yes, madly.* Valentina nods:
28) 10) dialog: Taen seeing you will please her.
28) 12) dialog: I'm positive.
28) 15) dialog: You are nervous, aren't you?
28) 21) text: He sighs as she pulls up and stops. Getting for the front door. The FBI men start to fo Valentina stops them and follows him hersel files and papers. Declan looks at the mailb ‘Decker'. Hesitant, he rings the doorbell. we HEAR a dog BARKING, then footsteps and a » arms full of It says ide the t
28) 48) text: Valentina eyes only react minute Isabella is mortified. Declan juz
28) 61) dialog: First you should know there are documents guaranteeing your safet: who sets
28) 64) text: Valentina hands a sheaf of papers to Isabe on a table without so much as a clance,
30) 6) text: Valentina, Declan, and Isabella siz appointed living room. While Isabe Declan stares at her in a sweet az
30) 13) dialog: It would be best if you keep the + for our visit a secret. From ever
30) 30) text: Isabella smiles apologetically at Declan. T he shows little, Valentina can tell he's cving inside. 2 stands:
30) 31) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Decker. You've been very helpful. (to Declan) I'll wait for you outs The two women shake hands and vaisnctina lea Tsabella watches Valentina go to the car rough the + ow then g
31) 2) text: The beautiful stretch of highway heading The sedan passes in traffic, Valentina at
32) 1) text: eclan stares out speaks low: Tne Feds in back concentrate on paperwork. the window, lost in sad thought. valentina
32) 3) dialog: What's wrong.
32) 6) dialog: (pauses) She's Basque, isn't she? They s. Basques live by the Vendetta-- hate someone, it's to the death. the same way when they love.
32) 20) dialog: I know.
32) 22) dialog: (bristles) You think I don't because I've on about it? I do know. And better tt many who--
32) 26) dialog: (pauses, sighs) I'm sorry... I act like a fool soz
32) 32) dialog: In spite of good intentions, I've = that few can actually deal with ic.
32) 45) dialog: If not forever it's just an imicacion.
32) 48) dialog: By the way, whatever Isabella gave you after I left, =I trust you won't use it until after our business is concl
32) 51) dialog: No. I see everything. He nods sadly, but his respect is fast approaching awe...
35) 10) text: In the back, Declan is bemused by this show Valentina scribbling notes in the seat next tz front, McMurphy works another phones. He's got
35) 24) text: 2 AGENTS with a cutting torch burn their way i a wali safe. Preston, Declan, and Valentina enter. P on is handed a folder which he opens, passing it to Declan. It' the service record of one Charles H. Calthrop. The photo of a very young Green Beret Lieutenant -- the face is so extremely, gawkily youthful as to be unrecognizable.
35) 29) dialog: Also anyone flying to Stockholm. He could take the train from there. Ii doesn't work try Oslo, Copenhagen, the Baltic Ferry lines.
35) 36) dialog: If you take the first three letters Charles and the first three letters Calthrop, you get the word Chacal--
42) 0) text: The meeting is an august one: Director Brown, DEPUTIES fr CIA, NSC, and SECRET SERVICE, Russian AMBASSADOR KOLDIN, Security Director BOLITONOV. The only man in the room without a tie, Declan sits at the far end of the table wi valentina. Everyone has’a file. Preston turns to Brown.
42) 16) text: Declan gives Valentina a look like, “who is VALENTINA . The Jackal is following Terek's ori for a very bloody, very public assassination--a statement if you Terek makes doing his own killing point of honor so if he's commissi another to do this for him, be ass it's something to take very seriou Director Brown will never be safe the Jackal is captured or killed.
48) 4) text: Valentina dozes on a couch ‘in the corner wh. at Preston's desk in a circle of lamp light, electric razor. Finished, he opens a drawer t back and SEES a PISTOL under some papers. He gun, then at the couch. Valentina is asleep overhead lights come on and Preston enters, the razor Ss at the
48) 18) text: Valentina leaps up from the couch, taking ch: Preston. She hands Declan a passport photo-- variation of the Jackal's. Preston tugs on Valentina's la
57) 0) text: The flying office is pointed north, Preston, Valentina, a Declan huddled in the back.
57) 8) dialog: The only place we're sure he's be Montreal. I'll call the RCMP for unusual criminal activity there.
57) 13) dialog: No, you're wrong. And you've been men like that alwavs make at least mistake. After all, isn't that how were caught?
57) 34) dialog: RCMP reports quadruple homicide in C) Montreal: one with crushed larynx, one broken neck, two by some sort of poison. Both look at Declan who bows his head in gentlemanly fash
58) 0) text: Valentina, DECLAN, Preston, and RCMP Detective BEAUFRES stare down at the taped silhouette of the Maid's body. A plastic bag is taped over the door handle.
64) 8) dialog: That's the third identity.
65) 0) text: An RCMP helicopter ZOOMS down out of the sky Preston, Valentina, and Declan exit from the the front. An ONTARIO DETECTIVE greats them.
67) 0) text: Preston, Valentina, and Declan pore over a sé: =: plans- Jackal's plans.
67) 15) dialog: Is he going to shoot down a plane?
71) 0) text: Dinner time and the jet's big screen TV is on forward and the FBI men watch as their boss, Brown, speaks at a Washington women's gathering on CNN. Sitting alone at one the tables, Declan looks out the window down at the moonl world below. Valentina appears in the aisle nex: to him w a tray of food. (CONTINUED)
71) 4) dialog: May I?
71) 6) dialog: You aren't going to eat?
71) 8) dialog: Do you mind? He nods. She takes his tray and piles his food on top of hers. Declan smiles, looking back out the window. A BURST appreciative LAUGHTER from the FBI agents at another tabl as on TV, Brown escorts the reassuringly matronly FIRST L to the podium. She gets off a quip and a sweet ripple of tinkling female laughter passes through the audience. Dec smiles fondly. Valentina points to Brown:
71) 9) dialog: What do you think of them?
71) 11) dialog: Oh, Declan, you like all women. Isnit that the Irish saying? "Cherish the ladies..."
71) 13) dialog: What I meant was what do you think of the FBI? Brown and his men?
71) 19) dialog: We've worked very closely this last year.
71) 22) dialog: You say that so easily.
71) 24) dialog: I don't break the law, I uphold it.
71) 26) dialog: You don't mean that.
71) 28) dialog: And justice?
71) 30) dialog: You can't have one without the other.
71) 32) dialog: Do you think there's justice in my country? I've seen the law made into a whore more times than I can count. But not once did I use that as an excuse to break faith with it.
75) 0) text: A forest of sailboat masts clog a sprawling carina, the piers crowded with YACHTSMEN and SPECTATORS. clan, Valentina, Witherspoon, and Preston spread a = on the hood of a police cruiser.
75) 10) dialog: Rich people.
76) 0) text: Declan and Valentina walks down pier 28, checking out the sailboat transoms--most are locally-registered. None look remotely suspicious.
76) 1) dialog: I'll check this way. Valentina walks to the adjacent pier. FIREWORKS continue bang and pop as Declan keeps searching here at pier 28. A the next one, pier 29, the Jackal's minivan, now green, i parked about 50 yards from the Insolent Minx. There's no sign of him on deck or on the pier. Valentina passes with 50 feet of the vehicle, but does not check it ouc. Walkin down pier 28, Declan examines boats from Chicago, Milwauk Traverse City... Stopping at one from Thessalon, Ontario, bikini-clad WOMAN emerges from below decks. (CONTINUED)
76) 16) text: Declan's eyes... The Jackal's eyes... Declan has no cover, no weapon. Walking down the road at the foot of the piers, Valentina catches sight of a man drawing a silenced piszol from his rain slicker and throwing down on Declan--it' the Jackal.
76) 17) dialog: Declan!
76) 21) text: The Jackal glances at her as Valentina draws Declan dives off the pier into the water. Ret target of Declan underwater, the Jackal kno about to fire and smoothly drops to one knee entina is tas...
76) 22) text: Valentina FIRES, her bullet smashing into a piling where Jackal's head just was. Keeping his eyes on his underwate target, the Jackal points his pistol behind hin and blind RAPID FIRES 1-2-3-4-5-6 times in valentina's Girection...
76) 27) text: Valentina dives over the fender of a car as heii a dozen silenced slugs SPANG into it, pinning her b: the car. Though there are PEOPLE everywhere, only a few ¢rasp what happening. Meanwhile more FIREWORXS chatter as Valentina FIRES twice... ving up on minivan... Both shot miss, but force the Jackal to move, Declan. He conceals his pistol and starts for
76) 28) text: Valentina dashes from behind the car fender just as a hug semi pulls a 40-foot sloop across the road, biscking her view. She rolls under the slowly-passing trai see
80) 18) dialog: RCMP reports the Jackal flew from Montreal to Washington eight days ago. He used the Argentinian passport. U.S. Customs has an exit -- Preston draws a line from Chicago ‘to Montreal on the dia
80) 25) dialog: {to Declan) What would you be doing now?
83) 0) text: Valentina enters and start checking the stalls. She stops front of the one with an extra-blunt pair of wingtips showing under the door. From inside we hear a weary voice
83) 2) dialog: Sorry, but we have a lead. Someone resembling the Hayslip photo and driving a green minivan checked into a hotel outside of Memphis. It makes sense. He went South and avoided the toll roads. The toilet flushes. Preston creeps out of the stall.
84) 11) text: Valentina walks over and hands Preston a piece of paper.
84) 12) dialog: The maid says he spent the night this woman. According to her resexvation she lives in Charleston, South Carolina.
87) 3) text: Encircled by an immaculate white fence, past with thoroughbred horses, a four coiumned mansion is surrounded by state police cars and sheriff's cruisers. helicopter lands on the front lar Valentina, Preston," Declan alight and are met by a STHTE TROOPER. yw wy o fon
88) 0) text: Preston and Valentina sit in wing chairs acress from Jennifer. Declan prowls the room. It's a fo 1 Old South- style salon done in antiques and Laura Ash
88) 6) dialog: And when you met later in your roc?
88) 12) dialog: Did he say where he was going?
89) 9) dialog: Mr. Ambassador, we have arranged tc the 9PM Aeroflot flight to Moscow. is waiting to drive Colonel Bolitonsv the airport.
89) 17) dialog: I did, Ambassador. Ambassador Koldin doesn't like it, but backs és. Preston produces a photo, holding it up.
92) 0) text: Preston, Declan, Valentina, and Witherspoon are crowded inside the van. It's filled with surveillance equipment T monitors, parabolic microphones, etc. Declan sips tea fro paper cup. Next to him with a set of headphones, Valentin listens in on the card game.
92) 2) dialog: Uh, such language... _
92) 16) dialog: (nods to Preston) Remember Terek's brother, Ghazzi?
92) 19) dialog: Never. At least willingly.
92) 25) text: Preston looks at Valentina. She shrugs:
92) 26) dialog: It might be worth trying.
92) 36) dialog: All right. Ready, they move to the door. Declan pauses, looking back
92) 41) text: and Valentina pers to Preston: Sliding the tire iron up into his sleeve, he get out, start for the deli. Witherspoon wi
93) 0) text: Declan and Valentina come across the street and enter ths Deli. The WOMAN behind the register looks , dary. Declan gives her a smile as they proceed to the cur n in the back, Declan poking his head through...
94) 0) text: Seeing Declan's head, Slaschev and the other zhugs do a variety of takes. Valentina peeks in too. S hev stands.
94) 23) text: 114 115 . Slaschev's other knee-cap. Valentina gasps. 80.
94) 29) text: Valentina translates his words into Russian as Declan be down to Slaschev, waving the tire iron in his face:
95) 0) text: FBI and NYPD are tearing the front room apart, looking fo other Russians and evidence to justify the r while i back room, Slaschev and the other 4 thugs sit cross-leg on the floor against the far wall, hands on ir heads, gentle as lambs, Preston and Witherspoon looking on in amazement. Declan walks up with Valentina, a compact cellular phone and a small black book in his hand. Presto turns to Valentina:
95) 7) dialog: Well, he... I better let him teli yeu.
103) 0) text: Preston walks over to where Declan and Valentina are hudl over Slaschev's black book. Declan looks up:
103) 7) dialog: All right.
107) 0) text: Valentina enters, exhausted. Witherspoon and McMurphy smi (CONTINUED)
107) 8) dialog: 75,000 Marines to protect one man and it was my job to make sure of every single one of them. what about Preston?
107) 10) dialog: Then he's going North now.
107) 12) dialog: (goes to map) Then to get here, he must pass by Norfolk... Wait a moment, that means he'll be very near-- Suddenly alert, she picks up the phone and..
111) 4) dialog: We'll close everything and make sure your house is secure after you leave. This is all only a precaution for a short while until we get this man.
111) 7) dialog: It's our job to try.
111) 9) dialog: I began this. I have to do what I can. Now please. Get your family away.
113) 0) text: All is quiet. The interior house lights are on. Finished locking up in the front, Valentina goes to the stairs. McMurphy appears at the top.
113) 6) dialog: Witherspoon? The kitchen is empty and the BACK DOOR gapes OPEN.
114) 0) text: A little wary, Valentina steps out onto the back porch, whispering:
114) 1) dialog: Witherspoon... Nothing. She moves slowly into the yard toward the garage Suddenly a BLACK SHAPE steps in front of her. She gasps a jumps back, reaching for her gun:
114) 5) dialog: Well hurry, we'll meet you at the front. He nods as she walks back to the porch and returns inside
114) 13) dialog: In the back yard. Taking out trash.
114) 16) text: Suddenly, from out in the back yard, a RADIC 3LASTS ON a= FULL VOLUME--evidently tuned to an oldies s i s "96 Tears". McMurphy and Valentina stiffen, i guns and shouting over the din:
114) 19) dialog: It's coming from the back! Come on!
114) 29) dialog: Where is it coming from?
114) 45) dialog: It was set to go off two minutes ago. (looks up) McMurphy! Come, stay close...
114) 47) dialog: Run! Go now! Get-- She flinches as something sprays into her face... Witherspoon's jaw works up and down spasmodically, a RAGE HOLE in his temple, jerking and firing his ‘gun into the floor with an involuntary motion. A SECOND BULLET hits ho from the living room and the side of his head EXPLODES...
114) 48) text: Again Valentina flinches, sprayed with blood as Witherspo drops dead on the floor. She dives into the nearby living room, FIRING her pistol toward the bullet's apparent sour near the still-blaring stereo as she rolls to cover bet the sofa, gasping...
114) 49) text: Her heart leaping, struggling to keep hold of. herself, Valentina bites back her fear and jumps up, looking aro the room for an instant and FIRING 1-2-3-4-5-6 times, SPRAYING the living room before ducking back down. With everything else going on, the music is truly maddening Quickly jumping up again, she FIRES 2 quick shots into stereo, silencing it as she drops back to the carpet. $ lies there a moment, catching her breath as...
116) 0) text: Chest heaving and fluttering involuntarily, Valentina lie in the middle of the living room floor, the PARAMEDICS clustered around her working feverishly to kesp her alive She lifts her head slightly as Declan enters. He gasps, seeing in an instant there's no hope, and rushes to her.
116) 2) dialog: Declan... I tried...protect Isabella--
116) 4) dialog: My words made him angry...said tell you...say you can't protect your women...from him.