9) 3) text: MCMURPHY and Rounding loscow area, Preston, Valentina, and two other FBI Agents WITHERSPOON, sit around a long conference t@ out the meeting is the head of the MVD for t. MAJOR GENERAL BELINKO and his aide, COLONEL
17) 1) text: Standing next to a Russian ambulance, Valent: witherspoon, and McMurphy watch as the ramp jetliner HISSES open and the rear stairs edg CREWMEN carry a stretcher down the ramp. Po strapped to the gurney, bound and gagged. as wheel the gurney toward Valentina, she places = xe folded warrant into the sheets.
18) 54) dialog: Good God, you mean they're going a the head of the FBI? They must be
23) 1) text: Preston, Valentina, Witherspoon, and McMurphy the Director, Donald Brown who looks much the on “Nightline"..
26) 46) text: Witherspoon jumps in, full of take-charge w
26) 48) dialog: All right, let's cut the bull--cocrerate and we'll get you trans minimum security prison We know there have alre attempts on your life h:
27) 0) text: This improbably thrown-together group of hun the gate and stops. Preston takes a set of Witherspoon, pointing to Declan's shackles.
28) 0) text: A working-class, bayshore suburb, the houses of watermen factory workers jumbled together in this bay-front neighborhood. A white Chevy Cap "government" written all over it coasts to stop. Ins Valentina drives, Declan next to her, Witherspoon and Preston in back, poring over files. She slows, turning to Declan who looks at the small house they're i ‘ children's toys scattered across an other lawn. He shifts uneasily.
29) 1) text: Preston and Witherspoon are in the car, watenir house, Witherspoon filling out a report on
29) 2) dialog: I think Mulqueen's go: soon as he gets the c
29) 7) dialog: Maybe we can use the gi as insurance.
34) 4) dialog: Got him! Charles H. Calthrop. Detr Michigan. Ex-~Grean Beret, age 39, martialed 8-6-'92. Michigan DMV claimed 2 lost driver's licenses last 6 months. Ran him through N. Driver's Register--Illinois and issued duplicate licenses last w
35) 0) text: A Gulfstar business jet rolls ouc of a star is a flying office with computers, cellular machines, etc. Witherspoon walks down the ai phone tucked in his ear, relaying informatio
35) 3) dialog: (to Preston) Pentagon... DoD records Service
58) 19) dialog: (walks up) Desk clerk picked out Hayslip's photo as the man who checked in under the Argentine passport. Bellman thinks 7 drove a white van with temporary plates
64) 1) text: Preston writes on a chalkboard. Scribbled on the Jackal's itinerary as they know it. And th RUIDIAZ and HAYSLIP. Preston writes a question Beaufres and Witherspoon enter.
64) 3) dialog: Last week a Charles C. Murdock bough new blue Dodge minivan--which was a surprise to Mr. Murdock since his passport and wallet were stolen at Frankfurt airport ten days ago.
75) 0) text: A forest of sailboat masts clog a sprawling carina, the piers crowded with YACHTSMEN and SPECTATORS. clan, Valentina, Witherspoon, and Preston spread a = on the hood of a police cruiser.
84) 0) text: A MAID is ushered to a table by a STATE TROOPER. val and Witherspoon gesture for him to sit so thay can b questions. The rest of the GUESTS and STAFF are assemb nearby, waiting. A STATE POLICE SERGEANT takes a paper fr the table and walks across the lobby, handng the paper to Preston. Declan sits next to him.
89) 11) text: witherspoon and McMurphy escort Bolitonov from Silence reigns for a few moments. Everyone knews Bolitono is on a one-way trip. .
92) 0) text: Preston, Declan, Valentina, and Witherspoon are crowded inside the van. It's filled with surveillance equipment T monitors, parabolic microphones, etc. Declan sips tea fro paper cup. Next to him with a set of headphones, Valentin listens in on the card game.
92) 4) dialog: Laser pointed at the window. It encodes the vibrations and sends 'em back to us. Declan shakes his head, amused by the display of technoic
92) 41) text: and Valentina pers to Preston: Sliding the tire iron up into his sleeve, he get out, start for the deli. Witherspoon wi
92) 46) dialog: Guy's crazy. From Nuts-ville.
95) 0) text: FBI and NYPD are tearing the front room apart, looking fo other Russians and evidence to justify the r while i back room, Slaschev and the other 4 thugs sit cross-leg on the floor against the far wall, hands on ir heads, gentle as lambs, Preston and Witherspoon looking on in amazement. Declan walks up with Valentina, a compact cellular phone and a small black book in his hand. Presto turns to Valentina:
95) 13) dialog: You're kidding!
95) 15) dialog: Don't have a hook-up yet. What'1ll we do?
103) 2) text: Just then Witherspoon dashes into the room frem the corri
103) 3) dialog: Jennifer Strasser's been murdered. Last night. The Fire Department found her body on the second floor. Somebody tried to burn her house down.
103) 5) dialog: You got to go to Quantico at 13:30 ts check security on the Director, remexber?
107) 0) text: Valentina enters, exhausted. Witherspoon and McMurphy smi (CONTINUED)
107) 7) dialog: How was security on the Director?
107) 9) dialog: Still in Charleston. Looks like it was Jackal all right.
107) 11) dialog: (nods) North Carolina and Virginia State Police are setting up roadblocks on 95.
114) 3) dialog: Just taking out the garbage. He shrugs. She relaxes, putting away her gun anc smiling. But behind her, unseen by either, ANOTHER BLACK SHAPE dri through the darkness toward the open kitchen door... Witherspoon dumps the cans by the porch, picks up another
114) 4) dialog: One more trip.
114) 30) dialog: I don't know...
114) 44) dialog: What on earth... who put--