93) 2) dialog: Okay Steven, your turn. I know you've only had the one quarter to play catch up but I tell you, we can't wait to get some insight here. "I Love You Phillip Morris"      Green Pages    5-23-08 STEVEN
93) 3) text: Sure. What about? BIRKHEIM
93) 5) text: Mmm hm.   Sure. BIRKHEIM
93) 11) text: Now let me tell you how I did it... Todd unveils another card, the men are impressed by the unseen image. And as Steven explains himself, Dan and Birkheim smile broadly and turn to each other with smug assurance. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages      5-23-08
99) 0) text: Steven sits at a high powered lunch with Dan Lindholm and Larry Birkheim. He is diligently taking notes.
99) 1) dialog: That's the thing about the back nine at Pebble Beach.
99) 3) dialog: I don't care what your handicap is... that sand wedge is gonna get a workout-
111) 0) text: Birkheim emerges from his parked MERCEDES C-CLASS. After locking it he notices a little smudge and buffs it out with his handkerchief. As he admires his car proudly, the building volume of the MIAMI SOUND MACHINE gets his attention. He sees as Steven arrives in his NEW and MUCH MORE IMPRESSIVE SL500 and parks a few spots down. "I Love You Phillip Morris"        Green Pages   5-23-08 He watches as Steven tries on several watches and tosses them back in the glove compartment before settling on one and exiting the car. Birkheim raises a brow.
112) 0) text: Birkheim and Steven share the elevator.
112) 1) dialog: Nice car.
112) 3) dialog: Which one is it?
112) 5) dialog: Yeah.
112) 7) dialog: Mmm hm.
113) 0) text: Birkheim pores over spreadsheets, taking notes and comparing numbers. CLOSE UPS on headings like "INTEREST EARNED" and "DEPOSIT" indicate he's looking for something He continues to make notes, growing ever more suspicious until something catches his eye. In the margin of one of the pages is a DOODLING of a SMILEY-FACED PENIS. Birkheim doesn't quite know what to make of this... but it seems to stare at him mockingly. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages     5-23-08
114) 1) dialog: I have some questions about these new accounts we've opened. Steven slows to a stop.
115) 0) text: Birkheim, his back to the door, is on the phone as Steven eavesdrops outside.
115) 1) dialog: Yeah... I was wondering if we could compare some numbers. I know you usually talk to our CFO but this is a delicate matter and I'd like keep it secret for now. Steven is worried.
116) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on blank copies spitting out of a copier. Steven stands over the machine, his finger on the button as he keeps surveillance on Birkheim's office door. A SECRETARY arrives with a stack of papers.
117) 0) text: Steven runs into Birkheim's office and scans the papers on his desk. Nothing. He turns his attention to Birkheim's briefcase, but he can't get it open. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages    5-23-08 Eventually he spots a blank legal pad and looks at it closely. He grabs a pencil and does the old detective trick of shading in the page to reveal what was written on the now missing page above. The embossed text reads, "837,502.12" He stares at it a moment. This number looks familiar. He grabs the phone and dials. An AUTOMATED VOICE answers.
122) 0) text: INTERCUT with Lindholm on the phone, with Birkheim in the background, spreadsheets in hand.
197) 0) text: At the urinal, Steven whistles to himself. SUPER: "Steven Russell was arrested two weeks later trying to secure Phillip's release." Steven turns his head to find the man at the next urinal staring at him. It's a very surprised Birkheim with a badge affixed to his jacket reading, "JUROR". Steven SMILES at him.