35) 0) text: Debbie, Kemple and the Cop exit the hospital and look around frantically. They spot him running across the open air lot and give chase. Steven comes to a stairwell door. It's locked. He runs some more and finds himself cornered at the guard rail.
39) 0) text: Steven escorts Arnie through the prison, waving to various inmates and guards along the way.
63) 1) dialog: 
63) 3) dialog: 
63) 5) dialog: I said lights out. Turn it off.
63) 7) dialog: Turn it off or we're coming in.
64) 1) dialog: Rise and shine! They barely stir until-- CLANG-CLANG-CLANG! A GUARD hits the bars with his club.
64) 2) dialog: Russell!   Get up! Steven and Phillip are rudely awakened. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08   4
64) 3) dialog: Grab your shit! Let's go! The GUARDS enter to roust Steven.
64) 5) dialog: You're transferred. Nonney snitched you out about the Screecher. You're going to Ramsey Two.
64) 11) dialog: Shut up and move. They drag him off. Phillip watches with deep worry as another guard keeps him there. He grows more and more upset, pacing and working himself up. Finally, the guard leaves and Phillip exits his cell and bolts down the tier after Steven.
70) 0) text: Phillip runs down a breezeway. Eventually he reaches a heavily populated gate, manned by a YARD GUARD.
130) 0) text: FLASHBACK. We're back at the scene where Steven tries to jump in the dumpster. He leaps over the guard rail and--
136) 0) text: Dressed in prison orange, Steven walks up to a counter, a sandwiches in hand. He holds it up before a HUGE GUARD.
136) 2) text: As the Guard goes through the bag, Steven reaches over the counter and swipes a WALKIE TALKIE- revealing a CALENDAR that reads FRIDAY the 13th. He beats a nervous exit.
137) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on a MAN'S ASS IN RUBY RED, SKIN TIGHT HOTPANTS. CUT TO REVEAL Steven walking nervously down the hall clad in said hotpants as well as a tight spaghetti strap top. Walkie Talkie in hand, he tries to give as authoritative an aura as he can. He gets to a glass security door, where two JAIL GUARDS stand. Steven taps on the glass confidently with the WALKIE TALKIE and signals them to open the door. They do.   And as he passes the two guards one of them speaks.
152) 0) text: The NIGHT GUARD watches his monitors when a rap on the glass gets his attention. He looks up to see Steven in newly (and badly) dyed GREEN SCRUBS, awaiting exit on the other side, holding the stolen ID BADGE against the glass.
175) 0) text: Phillip flails as GUARDS hold him back from a DOCTOR.
179) 3) text: ...I'm so sorry Phillip. Phillip nods as it washes over him. He sends Samuel on his way with a look. Once he's alone, Phillip lets go and SOBS. He buries his face in his pillow. After a long while- CLANG. A sound gets his attention.    A BOSSY GUARD stand at the door of his cell.
180) 0) text: The guard leads Phillip down the corridor. Still coming out of his mournful haze, he becomes curious. They arrive at a door marked, "MEETING ROOM 2".
195) 2) text: The guard pushes Phillip past the threshold.    The door SLAMS SHUT behind him. He staggers toward Steven as a kaleidoscope of emotions plays across his face. Bewilderment, relief, sorrow, joy and finally, anger- WHACK!   He slaps Steven across the face.
201) 0) text: A SIREN BLARES over a wide of the facility. Small in frame, we see Steven running from the prison gaining ground on the two guards chasing him.