36) 0) text: As inmates CHANT and STOMP, a new inmate walks the line to his new cell clutching his prison issue belongings. Although we can only see him from behind, we can only assume this is Steven. He continues his walk amidst a shower of stares and JEERS and THREATS raining upon him.
37) 0) text: The unseen inmate continues past the open cells of his new home and eventually the unseen inmate enters a cell to find--
38) 0) text: STEVEN is reclined on his bunk, relaxed and ready to greet the inmate (his new cellmate ARNIE) with a smile.
39) 0) text: Steven escorts Arnie through the prison, waving to various inmates and guards along the way.
44) 5) text: Sorry. Sometimes I forget it's just the machine... I'll try you again next time. One O'clock. Don't forget. He hangs up. Bored and lonely, he has a moment of repose. Just then, a loud RUCKUS across the COMMON AREA gets his attention. Steven watches as a group of ROWDY PRISONERS throw whatever they can find at a small BIRD as it flies around, trapped in the cavernous hall. The men LAUGH and HOOT as the bird is struck down and lies motionless on the ground. As the prisoners resume their activities, Steven notices a GENTLE LOOKING INMATE approaching the bird. Rapt, Steven watches as the inmate sympathetically scoops up the bird and walks off. Steven is quite taken.
45) 0) text: The gentle inmate, PHILLIP MORRIS, is a slightly built, handsome blonde boy-man. He struggles to reach a book on a high shelf. Helpless and irresistible, he is surprised when Steven reaches in to help retrieve the book. Their eyes lock and they stare in a short silence, until-
55) 0) text: The inmate who spit a loogey into the mashed potatoes in the cafeteria is sitting up on his bed, SCREECHING at the top of his lungs. This is "THE SCREECHER"
71) 0) text: Phillip runs through the yard, passing GIANT WOLF- WHISTLING INMATES as they put down their weights and stop their basketball games. Phillip maintains his focus on the sally port on the other side of the far fence.
135) 0) text: Steven approaches a section of bars where a BLONDE INMATE is waiting.
135) 2) dialog: Yeah. The inmate looks around then shoves a BALL OF CLOTHES through the bars. Steven gives a look. Something upsets him.
135) 4) dialog: It's all I could get.
149) 2) text: Dammit! He hangs up.   A nearby inmate chimes in.
149) 5) text: Can you hit me in the face with this? And off the inmate's quizzened expression--
174) 0) text: A slightly built, effeminate inmate (SAMUEL) raps on Phillip's open cell door as he enters.
185) 0) text: Steven enters an inmate's cell (LAWRENCE) with a BIG BAG OF COFFEE.