22) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on A PARALEGAL. She opens a briefcase and removes an envelope. CUT TO REVEAL Steven holding crutches at his side, across from a few LAWYERS. The paralegal hands him the envelope.
22) 1) dialog: Your check. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08
83) 6) dialog: The terms of that contract were ambiguous at best. The truth is, defendant engaged my client for three years without full payment.
83) 8) dialog: (whispers)
83) 11) dialog: You're making me look like an idiot. He regroups and addresses the judge.
83) 12) dialog: Your honor, I don't have to tell you that none of this is admissable or applicable to the case at hand. Mr. Russell's histrionics do not erase the fact that his client is in breech of contract.
84) 0) text: The Lawyer sits impatiently while Steven peruses a wall of plaques, photos and diplomas. He focuses on a law school DEGREE from INDIANA COLLEGE OF LAW. Next to it, a PHOTO of the judge as a YOUNG MAN on a farm. He's from humble roots. A moment later, the Judge enters.
84) 4) text: Point taken Mister Russell... He glares at the other lawyer with scorn. JUDGE (CONT'D)
84) 7) text: Are you talking about Marshall vs. Chao? Steven doesn't know what this means... But the other lawyer does. And he's not happy. LAWYER
154) 10) text: (sotto to Lawyer) Next week. The attorney looks at him quizzically and turns back to the judge. ATTORNEY
160) 15) text: You're the lawyer, you figure it out. This time, it's Steven who remains silent. PHILLIP (O.S.) (CONT'D)
160) 17) text: You're not even a lawyer?! You fucking liar! STEVEN
195) 12) text: I know you thought we were nothing but a lie- but underneath all those lies there was always something that was real. I thought about what you said to me. You said you don't know who I am. But I have to tell you- I know now. I know who I am. I mean- I'm not a lawyer, I'm not a CFO, I'm not a cop. Hell I'm not even an escape artist. Those Steven Russells are dead. And now, all that's left is the man that loves you. That's all. Nothing else. I'm just the man that loves you. (then)
196) 0) text: At a window, a CLERK stamps a few documents and hands them to Steven, who is dressed in his lawyer attire. Steven exits the line and ducks into a nearby bathroom.