89) 1) dialog: Sorry to keep you waiting Steven. Steven turns to find Dan Lindholm, the broad-shouldered man himself.
89) 2) dialog: I'm Dan Lindholm. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages       5-23-08 STEVEN
89) 3) text: Were you a spaceman? LINDHOLM
89) 5) text: A spaceman, huh? How do you crap up there? LINDHOLM
89) 6) text: Ass gasket. (draws on his coffee) Have a seat. Steven sits across the desk from Lindholm . LINDHOLM (CONT'D)
89) 7) text: With the popularity of HMO's in today's health care system, doctors need help managing their billing-- so they can focus on their patients. That's where USA Medical Management comes in. Hundreds of millions of dollars pass through our system from the HMO's to the doctors. It's a critical business. A powerful business... (beat) So when I read your resume, I wasn't sure what to think. Your level of education and your past experience would factor heavily into this decision and frankly... Steven deflates in expectation. LINDHOLM (CONT'D)
91) 1) dialog: Employee of the year two years running? Developing software with IBM? You're the kind of people we need here Steven. We want you as our Chief Financial Officer. So what do you say? I want your answer right now. C'mon Steven- let's light this candle. As Steven pretends to mull--
93) 0) text: Steven sits in a board meeting, surrounded by all of the company honchos. Dan Lindholm lords over the gathering at the head of the table while a suit (MARK) reads from a report to the group.
96) 0) text: Dan Lindholm is out on the balcony staring up at the starry sky. Steven approaches.
96) 1) dialog: You see that? Dan points out a small dot of light moving across the sky. Steven squints.
96) 4) dialog: Yeah. Probably deploying the arm right now. Just a satellite deployment. Nothing special... Just touching the face of God. He chokes back a tear, then throws an arm around Steven.
96) 5) dialog: I want you to meet my wife.
97) 0) text: Dan Lindholm escorts Steven to BEVERLY Lindholm and a ghastly gaggle of Texas society WIVES.
97) 1) dialog: Bev- Ladies- I want you to meet Steven Russell, our CFO.
99) 0) text: Steven sits at a high powered lunch with Dan Lindholm and Larry Birkheim. He is diligently taking notes.
99) 4) dialog: I couldn't agree with you more. I remember one time, I was at Augusta... As Dan prattles on, Steven continues to write on his pad. CUT TO REVEAL he's doodling pictures of SMILEY- FACED PENISES.
101) 0) text: Steven and Dan Lindholm stand at the omelette station at a high class brunch buffet.
101) 1) dialog: (to cook)
101) 5) dialog: That's why there's so few shuttle missions. They're wasting all their money on bureaucracy. And probes... Unmanned probes. (then)
103) 0) text: As Lindholm and the Clients wait, a periodic spray of sand flies up from the trap behind them as unseen Steven swings in vain.
103) 1) dialog: Hell of a hazard ain't it Steven? Eventually, a ball flies out of the trap.
109) 0) text: Lindholm raps on the open door as he enters.
109) 1) dialog: Steven, we got a problem. Vera lost that stupid rubber stamp again. Her office is a goddamned disaster and she's the o-ring if you know what I'm saying.
109) 4) dialog: Nope. Time to overhaul the program. I got a computerized system already on order. No more room for pilot error. Steven hangs his head, visibly disappointed.
109) 5) dialog: Should be up and running in a couple months. I want you signing the checks until then. Steven brightens up suddenly.
109) 7) dialog: You play golf?
122) 0) text: INTERCUT with Lindholm on the phone, with Birkheim in the background, spreadsheets in hand.
122) 1) dialog: Steven? Where are you?
122) 3) dialog: At the office. You coming back anytime soon?
122) 5) dialog: No, we just want to see you Steven. We miss you is what it is.
122) 7) dialog: You sure about that Steven?
198) 0) text: Steven sits in court while a FEMALE D.A. argues her case. SUPER: "An embarrassment to the State of Texas and Governor George Bush, Steven was given an unprecedented life sentence." She nods to the audience where Lindholm sits smiling. SUPER: "Coincidentally, the D.A. who prosecuted him was the Sister in law of Dan Lindholm- Steven's former boss"