1) 0) text: Startled, STEVEN RUSSELL (40) opens his eyes. Gaunt and pale, he seems to be on death's door. The whine we once heard is now the high-pitched ALARM of medical equipment. The door BURSTS open. NURSES enter, rushing toward him. The nurses pass him and attend to the PATIENT in the next bed over, frantically administering CPR.
1) 3) dialog: (upbeat and happy)
2) 3) dialog: It's really big.
3) 0) text: Young Steven sits in the middle of the couch. His PARENTS and 11 year old BROTHER stand before him. He stares at them- innocent and doe-eyed with a big smile on his face.
3) 3) text: Now Steven, we want to tell you something very important, but I want you to understand that it doesn't change a thing. Steven awaits, smiling.
3) 6) text: Shut up! He glares at his brother, then turns back to his mother. Her face says it all. STEVEN'S MOM
3) 7) text: It's true. WHACK! She SWATS his brother in the head. Steven starts putting things together. STEVEN'S MOM (CONT'D)
3) 8) text: Your brother overheard your Dad and I talking and well, we didn't want you to hear it from anybody but us. (then) It's true. You're a special little boy. You know why? Because we chose you. Not like your brother here who's natural. STEVEN'S DAD
3) 9) text: Your Mother's right. It's cause we love you. So we put some money in a brown paper bag and gave it to your real mom in the hospital parking lot so you could come home with us. Okay? STEVEN'S MOM
3) 10) text: It doesn't change a thing honey. We love you just as much as we love your brother here... (best of intentions) ...and he's natural. STEVEN'S DAD
3) 11) text: So son, are you okay? Steven smiles wide. YOUNG STEVEN
3) 12) text: Yes Daddy. As his parents prattle on, Steven's VO comes full. STEVEN (V.O.)
3) 18) dialog: Hey fellas.
5) 0) text: Steven switches off the small lamp beside Stephanie's bed. He kisses her forehead.
5) 1) dialog: Have lots of dreams...
6) 0) text: Steven and Debbie kneel at the edge of the bed, praying.
6) 2) dialog: Amen. Steven moves to get up but settles back in when she continues.
6) 5) dialog: Amen. Steven tries to get up again. Then- "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08   6
6) 7) dialog: (politely)
6) 10) dialog: Amen.
7) 0) text: CLICK. In bed with Debbie, Steven switches off the light and lets out a hearty YAWN.
7) 1) dialog: I'm absolutely bushed.
7) 3) dialog: Deb- You know how, as a cop, I have lots of access? You know- records and things?
7) 5) text: Steven-
7) 6) dialog: (oblivious)
7) 9) dialog: I swear honey- getting around the system's so easy. No one would even know I did it.
7) 11) dialog: You're right, I shouldn't have done it.
7) 13) dialog: I haven't looked. It's downstairs.
7) 15) dialog: Well hold on- let me finish.
7) 17) dialog: There- that's got it.
8) 0) text: Steven flips through the file box, reading through various pages. Debbie watches with compassion as he reads. Eventually he cracks an incredulous SMILE.
8) 2) dialog: She's right here. She's been right here all this time. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08
8) 4) dialog: Yeah. No question.
9) 0) text: Steven walks up to a middle class home and raps on the screen door. A kindly woman (MRS. BASCOMBE) arrives behind the mesh wearing a birthday PARTY HAT.
9) 3) dialog: Are you Barbra Bascombe?
9) 5) dialog: (lip quivering)
9) 9) text: I don't know what you're talking about. STEVEN
9) 11) text: Listen- STEVEN
9) 12) text: Shhhhhh.   Mommy please- let me finish. What color that remains in her face drains away. STEVEN (CONT'D)
9) 14) text: I have no idea what you're talking about, Steven. STEVEN
9) 16) text: Go away! STEVEN
9) 22) dialog: I quit the force that day. I packed up the family and moved to Texas. I got a great job and got to living the American Dream.
9) 27) dialog: (to Stephanie)
9) 30) dialog: No I haven't. I hope you're planning on changing the paint. What do you call that color?
9) 33) text: So Debbie tells me you used to be in the police force back in Georgia. STEVEN
9) 36) text: (embarrassed) Neil... STEVEN
9) 38) text: Which is? STEVEN
9) 40) text: That's a big outfit. They give you that Corvette out there? STEVEN
9) 42) text: Great benefits, too. STEVEN
9) 44) text: It's good to have him where I can keep an eye on him. STEVEN
10) 0) text: Amidst the moonlit shadows, the THUMPING of VIGOROUS LOVEMAKING is heard. It continues, getting louder and louder until we make out two forms doing it doggie-style in the bed. Building to the climax, Steven moans with pleasure.
10) 1) dialog: I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come... Suddenly we see the face of the MOUSTACHED MAN he's fucking.
11) 0) text: We are back with Steven in his hospital bed at the Penitentiary.
11) 1) dialog: Oh did I forget to mention I was gay? Yeah, sorry about that. I'm gay. Gay, gay, gay, gay, gay. Have been as long as I can remember...
12) 0) text: WE'RE BACK on the hilltop from the beginning of the movie. Nine year old Steven and his three young FRIENDS crest the verdant hill- running and laughing through the backlit dandelion fluff of an idyllic summer day. They all collapse into the long grass like the splayed arms of a starfish. Catching their breath, they stare up at the sky- searching for shapes in the clouds.
12) 4) dialog: I see a wiener. They look at him with incredulity.
12) 6) dialog: A man's wiener.
12) 8) dialog: Uh huh!
12) 11) dialog: Told ya... And as the other boys squint closely...
12) 12) dialog: Anyway where was I? Oh yeah--
13) 3) dialog: (matter of fact)
14) 0) text: The Moustached Man and Steven say goodbye at the door.
14) 1) dialog: I had been living a lie for a long, long time. I tend to do that... hide things.
15) 0) text: Steven drives his red Corvette, hard top removed, with a contented look on his face. He glows as the Pet Shop Boys' "West End Girls" plays on the radio.
15) 1) dialog: Now just because I was screwing around doesn't mean I didn't love Debbie. I did. I loved her with all my heart... Stephanie too. My family was all I had and they needed me. So I told myself it was just a little lie and it was better for everybody if it stayed that way. (beat)
15) 2) text: That's what I told myself. But life has a way of forcing these things into the light. CRASH! A CROSSING PICKUP TRUCK smashes into the driver side door-- violently propelling steven and his corvette out of frame.
15) 3) dialog: You might even call it an epiphany.
16) 0) text: Badly mangled and triaged, Steven stares intently at the night sky with his one good eye as Paramedics remove him from the ditch on a back-board. The remains of the corvette are all around. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
16) 1) dialog: (low murmur)
16) 4) dialog: (bleary)
16) 7) dialog: I'm gonna be a fag.
16) 9) dialog: A big fag...
17) 1) dialog: Yep, just like that I decided to start my life over and live it like the real me. No more lies. I was born again.
18) 0) text: Debbie enters the room to find Steven, bandaged and bristling with tubes.
18) 1) dialog: It would be hard to break it to Debbie, but I knew I'd find a way... "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages      5-23-08 He turns his head to her and smiles wide.
18) 2) dialog: Honey, I'm gay! Debbie freezes, she can't believe her ears.   And as she stares at his smiling face in shock...
18) 3) dialog: To my surprise, we stayed friends. (then)
19) 0) text: VINTAGE MAMBO MUSIC. Palm trees line an upscale Palm Beach shopping district. Well-heeled nabobs cruise the boulevard, shopping and being seen. Two MINIATURE DOBERMAN PINSCHERS on a tandem leash appear from around a corner soon followed by the NEW STEVEN with a handsome young man on his arm (JIMMY KEMPLE). Steven's pajama-like clothes, perfect tan and loose demeanor make him the very essence of a man with new found freedoms.
19) 1) dialog: Life was good. Everything was falling right into place. I moved to Florida, got a new job, had two adorable pups, I was dating a cute guy named Jimmy. I could do anything I wanted...
20) 0) text: DANCE MUSIC THUMPS as Steven passes around a tray of drinks to friends.
20) 1) dialog: But it didn't take me long to realize something that never occurred to me before. Actually no one ever talks about this but... When everyone is served, he raises his glass and let's loose a PARTY HOOT. They concur and drink. "I Love You Phillip Morris"      Green Pages   5-23-08
20) 2) dialog: ...being gay is really expensive. (beat)
20) 3) text: It is. Steven leans over and makes out with Kemple.
20) 4) text: QUICK CUTS of Steven enjoying his gay life with Kemple at
20) 6) dialog: I mean it's not just sucking cock. It's wardrobe, it's hair, personal trainers, big labels, resorts, fine dining... it goes on and on and on. So I needed money. And for a guy without a college education, my options were limited.
21) 0) text: Steven inexplicably pours cooking oil out onto a grocery store aisle with a basket slung over his arm.
21) 1) dialog: So I had no choice-- (beat, giddy)
21) 2) text: I became a con man! SLIP-WHAM! Steven throws himself in the air and falls flat on his back with a scream.
21) 3) dialog: Of course that was easy for me, every closet case is a con anyways. And as people gather around, he grasps his neck and moans litigiously--
22) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on A PARALEGAL. She opens a briefcase and removes an envelope. CUT TO REVEAL Steven holding crutches at his side, across from a few LAWYERS. The paralegal hands him the envelope.
22) 2) dialog: Thank you. With great difficulty, Steven gets on his crutches and makes his exit.
22) 3) dialog: Now it didn't happen all at once. It was sort of a gradual thing...
23) 0) text: An OLD WAREHOUSE MANAGER emerges from a darkened AMITY FOODSERVICE trailer with a crate of tomatoes in hand. As he steps out onto the dock, he passes Steven, who is talking with a 500 pound PRODUCE MANAGER. Tomato crates are all around.
23) 1) dialog: It started with work. Tomatoes. I used to buy low grade tomatoes in the field and sell them to clueless chain stores as higher grade.
23) 3) dialog: (big smile)
23) 5) dialog: It's called `field buying'. I could clear three thousand dollars in a good week doing that. But frankly it wasn't enough.
24) 0) text: Steven stands before a SALESPERSON at a counter.
24) 2) dialog: Charge... Steven flips through a handful of identical CREDIT CARDS. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages     5-23-08
24) 3) dialog: (sotto)
24) 4) text: Steven A Russell, Steven G Russell, Steven M Russell, Doctor Steven M Russell, Doctor Steven J Russell... (seeing one he likes)
24) 8) dialog: Of course. And as Steven riffles through an equally large stack of DRIVER'S LICENSES...
25) 0) text: Steven stands atop a escalator, looking around.
25) 1) dialog: But when money got really tight, the slip and fall always came in handy. He throws himself down the escalator, out of frame to the floor below. Painful tumbling is heard. At the BOTTOM of the escalator a hard THUD is heard. beat later, Steven's feet slide into frame.
26) 3) dialog: What do you think? Yes? "I Love You Phillip Morris"      Green Pages       5-23-0
26) 5) dialog: You don't like it.
26) 7) dialog: You don't like it.
26) 9) dialog: Tell me what's wrong with it.        Is it the gold?
26) 11) dialog: That's why I got you the stainless! He takes out another box and hands it to Kemple.
26) 13) dialog: The gold one is for me, dipshit. Kemple smiles broadly as he admires his new watch. The PHONE RINGS. Steven rushes to answer it.
26) 14) dialog: Merry Christmas!
27) 2) dialog: Hi Debbie! "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages     5-23-08 DEBBIE
27) 3) text: How's Jimmy? STEVEN
27) 5) text: Well that's why I'm calling... CUT WIDE to reveal a GIFT BOX FILLED WITH STACKS OF CASH. STEVEN
27) 7) text: I can't keep this. STEVEN
27) 9) text: Well... it's not Christian. STEVEN
27) 11) text: This is not what the Lord wants. STEVEN
27) 13) text: No. I would never say that. Why? Do you think this is what he wants? STEVEN
27) 17) text: Steven! "I Love You Phillip Morris"      Green Pages    5-23-08 And as Steven listens to Debbie's rant--
27) 18) dialog: Of course, Jimmy and Debbie had no idea what I was up to. For the time being, at least...
28) 0) text: Steven exits an elevator and saunters into work, happy as ever. He passes the AMITY FOODSERVICE Logo and a CHERUBIC SECRETARY.
28) 1) dialog: Morning Sandy!
28) 3) dialog: Okey-dokey! Steven quickly gets a deeply concerned look on his face as he approaches his office. The door is slightly ajar. He secretly peeks in to see... TWO FEDERAL MARSHALLS wait in Steven's office. He instantly knows what's going on.
28) 4) dialog: Federal Marshalls...
29) 0) text: Steven paces nervously outside the elevator, growing more and more anxious as he waits.
29) 1) dialog: They wanted me for all sorts of stuff- Insurance fraud, identity theft, passport fraud. They were probably gonna extradite me all the way back to Texas. I had to decide what to do next. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages    5-23-08    2
30) 0) text: Steven's Ford Bronco cruises past the apartment building to find a few POLICE CARS parked outside. He drives on.
31) 0) text: Steven BLUBBERS TO HIMSELF inside his Bronco which is parked in a bleak lot near a looming billboard.
31) 1) dialog: But one thing was for sure-- I was not gonna let them put me away. I was a cop and I knew what jail was like. And there was no way I was going there. I had a plan. He continues to CRY uncontrollably as he raises a PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE and dumps all the pills into his mouth. He reaches into the back seat and pulls out a bottle of Galliano to wash it down. He starts up the car.
31) 2) dialog: Yep. Everything was gonna be just fine.
32) 0) text: CARS PASS through frame, quickly heading wherever it is they are going. Moments later, a car horn is heard, incessantly blaring and building in volume until-- STEVEN'S CAR IDLES INTO FRAME AT 1 MPH. The Heights', "How Do You Talk To An Angel" is barely audible over the car horn and STEVEN is slumped over the steering wheel. Moments later, it veers off down into the grassy shoulder and out of frame.
33) 0) text: Steven awakes in a hospital bed. He looks around and eventually looks through the observation glass into the hallway. He sees Debbie talking to a COP. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
33) 2) dialog: (bleary)
33) 5) dialog: I can't go to prison, Jimmy. I can't. I can't go to prison. I can't. I can't...
34) 0) text: Jimmy joins Debbie and the Cop in the hallway.    Steven visible in bed through the glass.
34) 10) text: (to cop) Can you tell me exactly what he did? As they CONTINUE TO TALK, they fail to notice Steven getting out of bed and looking around blearily. He picks up a bedpan, reaches into his gown and absent- mindedly PISSES-- missing the pan completely. COP
35) 0) text: Debbie, Kemple and the Cop exit the hospital and look around frantically. They spot him running across the open air lot and give chase. Steven comes to a stairwell door. It's locked. He runs some more and finds himself cornered at the guard rail.
35) 5) text: I mean it! "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages       5-23- Steven looks to Kemple and then to the Cop right behind him. HE JUMPS and--
35) 7) dialog: They run to the guard rail and look over to see-- Steven lies MOANING and delirious on his back NEXT TO THE DUMPSTER.
36) 0) text: As inmates CHANT and STOMP, a new inmate walks the line to his new cell clutching his prison issue belongings. Although we can only see him from behind, we can only assume this is Steven. He continues his walk amidst a shower of stares and JEERS and THREATS raining upon him.
38) 0) text: STEVEN is reclined on his bunk, relaxed and ready to greet the inmate (his new cellmate ARNIE) with a smile.
38) 1) dialog: Hi. Welcome to prison.     I'm Steven. Arnie is scared.     Terrified.   Speechless.
38) 2) dialog: Oh don't worry, I'm not gonna hurt you. First time? He nods.
38) 3) dialog: Shit, I was so scared when I first got here. But you get used to it.
38) 5) dialog: Only took me a year. You just need to know a few ins and outs and you'll be fine.
39) 0) text: Steven escorts Arnie through the prison, waving to various inmates and guards along the way.
39) 1) dialog: (upbeat)
40) 0) text: Steven and Arnie stand at the door of the prison's law library.
40) 1) dialog: Law Library. I pretty much live here. I don't really have anyone on the outside except my ex-wife- so I just hunker down here learning everything there is to know about the law. Ask me anything. Arnie has no response. Steven points across the library where a menacing OLDER INMATE studies a law book.
40) 2) dialog: See him. Over there? Him? Anything you want from outside, he's the guy. Candy, cigarettes, drugs, whatever. He's the guy. (then)
41) 0) text: Steven and Arnie stand outside the empty cafeteria. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
41) 1) dialog: Three meals a day. Not so bad. Just make sure if you make enemies with someone, he doesn't work here. Otherwise you'll wake up one morning shitting blood and find out you've been eating ground glass in your cornbread for six weeks. Arnie notices one of the INMATES working in the kitchen SPITTING a loogey into the mashed potatoes. He mixes it in and CACKLES with glee. Steven pays no mind.
41) 2) dialog: Let me introduce you to the mail guy. His name's Gary.
42) 0) text: A mean-looking con named GARY mans a mail-cart while he talks with Steven and Arnie.
42) 2) text: ...letters, magazines, shit like that- it all goes through unmolested. But if Grandma's sending you cookies, or porn or brownies or whatever-- you're gonna have to pay for it if you wanna get it. Five bucks per item or you can suck my dick. Steven turns to Arnie.
42) 3) dialog: Your choice.
43) 0) text: Steven and Arnie arrive at the doorway of their cell.
43) 1) dialog: Well that's about it. You're gonna be fine. Don't worry. And if you need anything you just let me know. Alright? Arnie thinks a moment.
43) 3) dialog: That'd be great. Steven gently shoves his new cellmate into the cell.
44) 0) text: Steven is on one of the many pay phones.
44) 2) dialog: Hey Debbie. Hi Sweetheart. Sorry I missed you. I thought one o'clock was our time but maybe not. I sure miss you guys. Thanks for the picture and the article. Sometimes it's just nice to know there's someone out there who still cares about me since Jimmy left and all. So... uh... Steven is holding the stainless steel ROLEX he gave Kemple as a gift. He regards it wistfully.
44) 3) dialog: (thinking, drifting)
44) 5) text: Sorry. Sometimes I forget it's just the machine... I'll try you again next time. One O'clock. Don't forget. He hangs up. Bored and lonely, he has a moment of repose. Just then, a loud RUCKUS across the COMMON AREA gets his attention. Steven watches as a group of ROWDY PRISONERS throw whatever they can find at a small BIRD as it flies around, trapped in the cavernous hall. The men LAUGH and HOOT as the bird is struck down and lies motionless on the ground. As the prisoners resume their activities, Steven notices a GENTLE LOOKING INMATE approaching the bird. Rapt, Steven watches as the inmate sympathetically scoops up the bird and walks off. Steven is quite taken.
45) 0) text: The gentle inmate, PHILLIP MORRIS, is a slightly built, handsome blonde boy-man. He struggles to reach a book on a high shelf. Helpless and irresistible, he is surprised when Steven reaches in to help retrieve the book. Their eyes lock and they stare in a short silence, until-
45) 3) dialog: Glad to help. How's the bird?
45) 6) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry.
45) 8) dialog: (referring to law book)
45) 11) dialog: You suing someone?
45) 13) dialog: Does he have a lawyer? "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08 PHILLIP
45) 14) text: Yeah. STEVEN
45) 16) text: Well thank you, I-- STEVEN
45) 17) text: My name's Steven Russell. PHILLIP
45) 18) text: Pleased to meet you Steven Russell, my name's Phillip Morris. STEVEN
45) 20) text: I don't go to the yard. You know what happens to blonde haired, blue eyed queers in the yard... STEVEN
45) 22) text: I don't. STEVEN
45) 24) text: I rented a car... and kept it too long. STEVEN
45) 26) text: Theft of service. STEVEN
45) 29) dialog: No.     Me. Insurance fraud.
45) 31) dialog: Don't seem fair, does it?
45) 33) dialog: You know, I keep finding that life's a little shittier than I thought it was gonna be.
45) 35) dialog: (playful)
45) 38) dialog: I met you today, didn't I? Phillip smiles.
46) 0) text: Steven sits close to Phillip at a table. A large open law text lies between them.
46) 1) dialog: (mid-sentence)
46) 4) text: Oh she's an angel. (then) I think I'll be sure to write her back and tell her I'm not lonely anymore... that I made a good friend. Phillip smirks for a moment, but soon Steven notices the smirk turn to a reticent frown. STEVEN (CONT'D)
46) 6) text: Why'd I have to meet you today? STEVEN
46) 8) text: It's just- I'm being transferred to Michael Unit today. STEVEN
46) 10) text: I'm sorry. STEVEN
46) 12) text: Well I don't go into that yard so it might as well be Oklahoma. (then) Just figures with my luck. I was born Friday the 13th... STEVEN
46) 14) text: But we only just met. STEVEN
46) 17) dialog: That one you and me are having right now- the one you're trying to forget exists because you're going away. But there's about 6000 volts shooting across this table here and you know you can't deny it.
46) 19) dialog: I know you're trying to protect yourself, I get that. It's fine. Give me a chance to prove you wrong. Phillip is melting but tries to hide it.
46) 21) dialog: Good... Phillip turns to walk away and hides his giddyness.
47) 4) dialog: Phillip, hope your new place is nice. Nice enough anyway. I hope the chocolate made it to you okay. Check the T.P. Phillip looks at the spare roll of toilet paper and turns it over. A small chocolate bar is stuck in the tube.
47) 5) dialog: I hope you try to make some new friends and not be too shy. I guess I should tell you a little bit about myself...
49) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as we follow the note being passed by different hands and means throughout the prison on its way to Steven.
50) 0) text: Steven reads the letter on his bunk.
53) 10) dialog: I know a guy. I took care of it.   I'm gonna take care of everything... Steven gently caresses Phillip's face. Phillip is melting. Then suddenly, Phillip grabs Steven's ass.
54) 0) text: Phillip and Steven spoon in a glowing post-coital cuddle.
54) 2) dialog: Really? What's a Broadway producer doing in Atlanta?
54) 4) dialog: What'd you do for him?
54) 8) dialog: Apache? What was his name?
54) 10) dialog: Phillip- you amaze me.
54) 12) dialog: That's what I'm saying- you only see the good. Phillip shrugs, but before he can reply- a piercing human SCREECH interrupts him.
54) 13) dialog: What the hell was that?
55) 3) dialog: You poor thing. How awful... "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages    5-23-08 The Screecher continues his routine.
57) 0) text: Reclined on his bunk, Steven does a crossword puzzle. Phillip enters, standing by the door.
57) 3) dialog: Me?
57) 5) dialog: Well you said he bothered you.
57) 7) dialog: Yeah. Yeah, I did.
57) 10) dialog: I just want you to be happy, baby.
59) 0) text: As the MUSIC seeps into their dark cell, Steven reads a LAW BOOK by pen light. Phillip grabs Steven's hand and tries to pull him off the bed.
59) 2) dialog: What?
59) 4) dialog: No. No... I can't dance.
59) 6) dialog: No I can't. I'm serious...
59) 8) dialog: Well not me. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages      5-23-08
60) 0) text: The MUSIC CONTINUES as a group of prisoners watch a VHS copy of GHOST on a TV. Phillip wipes away a tear and Steven holds him closer while, in the front row, a ONE-EYED LATINO jerks off to the sight of Demi Moore.
61) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES as tray after tray is filled with gray slop. This persists until suddenly two of the trays receive a beautiful STEAK and some SHRIMP. Steven nods at the Slopmaster and offers a wink to a very impressed Phillip.
62) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES as Phillip and Steven shave side by side, smiling at one another.
63) 0) text: MUSIC plays on as Steven and Phillip continue their romantic dance. They are unfazed as the lights in the cellblock go out with the loud sound of circuits tripping. They dance on.
64) 0) text: Phillip and Steven sleep soundly together in the bunk. A CLAXON blares and their cell door OPENS- accompanied by the sound of a dozen others.
64) 6) dialog: Ah shit... They grab Steven and yank him out of the cell.
64) 8) dialog: Don't you touch him!
64) 10) dialog: Don't worry Phillip- I'll-
65) 0) text: Phillip runs after Steven, quickly arriving at a LOCKED GATE. Steven is on the other side, still being escorted away. Phillip is forced to find an alternative route.
68) 0) text: PHILLIP'S POV: Steven is waiting in line with some other prisoners to board a bus. Phillip can be seen through the small window, but he fails to get Steven's attention. He bangs silently on the glass.
69) 0) text: Phillip continues in vain to get Steven's attention.
69) 2) dialog: He sees the line at the sally port start to move and stops to think. He knows what he has to do.
71) 2) dialog: Boarding the bus, Steven hears him and turns. Delighted, he's forced on board by a Guard before he can respond.
71) 4) dialog: Steven gets in his seat and yells out the window.
71) 5) dialog: What the hell are you doing!?
71) 7) dialog: I love you too! VROOM! The bus starts up and begins to move.
71) 8) dialog: We'll be together soon! I promise! The bus drives off. Phillip runs along with it for a while as they share a long goodbye. And eventually, the bus disappears from view. Phillip clings to the fence a moment, hanging on to hope. He slumps and turns- -only to find himself confronted by several HULKING MEMBERS OF THE ARYAN BROTHERHOOD with one thing on their minds. Phillip marches right toward them and as he draws close-
72) 0) text: Back in the present, Steven remains in his hospital bed at the Penitentiary Infirmary.
72) 1) dialog: Those were the longest three months of my life. I wrote to Phillip every day until I got released.
73) 0) text: CLANG!   The gate of the prison closes behind Steven as h exits.   He approaches a waiting TAXI.
73) 1) dialog: And once I did, I was determined to get us back together as soon as possible.
74) 0) text: Steven gets in.
74) 1) dialog: Hi, how are you?
74) 3) dialog: Nearest thrift store please.
75) 0) text: The same taxi pulls up in front of the prison and Steven emerges with a BRIEFCASE, wearing a THREE-PIECE SUIT. He rings the buzzer at the front gate.
76) 0) text: Steven approaches the DUTY OFFICER. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages     5-23-08
76) 1) dialog: Hi there, my name's Steven Rousseau. I'm an attorney. My client is Phillip Morris. I called earlier. The guard checks his roster.
76) 3) dialog: I beg your pardon?
77) 0) text: Phillip enters to see Steven waiting for him on the other side of the glass. Thrilled, he rushes to the phone.
77) 2) dialog: I got work to do honey, I'm getting you out of here early. I got a hearing tomorrow morning, I got motions to file. The law don't sleep baby.
77) 4) dialog: Phillip, you are the sweetest, most gentle man I have ever met. And I know people have taken advantage of that. But I don't ever want you ever to lose that innocence. I want to build a life with you Phillip. I want to protect you. They share a smile.
78) 0) text: Steven stands over a desk, talking sternly into a telephone. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages    5-23-08
78) 1) dialog: The motion was filed, I presented to the DA and got a letter from the judge- I do not understand what the hold up is. I'm not some paralegal- I am Steven fucking Rousseau and I expect proper adjudication! PULLOUT to reveal he's actually standing behind a KROEGER'S SUPERMARKET DELI COUNTER in uniform as a HOUSEWIFE waits impatiently. He hangs up.
78) 2) dialog: (big smile)
78) 5) dialog: You want mayo with that?
79) 0) text: Steven slides paperwork through a slot in plexiglass window toward a RELEASE OFFICER.
79) 1) dialog: I have an early release order for Phillip Morris. The Officer glances at the paperwork.
79) 4) dialog: I'm his lawyer. Phillip runs into his arms. As they kiss, the officer offers a surprised look. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
79) 6) dialog: I know.
80) 0) text: A PARTY to celebrate Phillip's release. Steven and Phillip stand at the door as FRIENDS file in and greet him boisterously.
80) 9) dialog: (regroups, to others)
81) 0) text: Steven works his way through the crowded apartment struggling to hold a few cocktail glasses for guests. He eventually arrives next to Phillip, who is having a great time with another friend- and older woman named EUDORA MIXON.
81) 1) dialog: We gotta get a bigger place.
81) 4) dialog: Eudora...
81) 7) dialog: I could certainly try.
81) 9) dialog: Sure- why not?
81) 11) dialog: It would be my pleasure. Litigation is my speciality. Phillip beams with pride over Steven's decision. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages    5-23-08
82) 0) text: Eudora waits on a bench in the corridor, nervously glancing at her watch. Steven stands behind a column down the hall hiding and watching. He looks at his watch, then approaches her.
82) 1) dialog: Sorry I'm late but I've been hung up in court all day. Let's go in.
83) 0) text: STEVEN'S POV: A beautifully ornate courthouse LIGHT FIXTURE hangs from a courthouse ceiling. ON STEVEN, staring up at it with admiration.
83) 2) dialog: It's a beautiful fixture.
83) 4) dialog: Oh... (then)
83) 7) dialog: Your honor I have, in my briefcase, fourteen other contracts, all on public record, in which Mr. Evans entered into litigation with past clients of his! Eudora glances into Steven's opened BRIEFCASE. It contains only a SANDWICH and a PHOTO OF PHILLIP. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08   5 The shocked LAWYER turns to his client (EVANS).
83) 14) dialog: I demand to be seen in chambers!! The judge and lawyer seem mystified by this response.
84) 0) text: The Lawyer sits impatiently while Steven peruses a wall of plaques, photos and diplomas. He focuses on a law school DEGREE from INDIANA COLLEGE OF LAW. Next to it, a PHOTO of the judge as a YOUNG MAN on a farm. He's from humble roots. A moment later, the Judge enters.
84) 2) text: This seems to be cut and dried here, sir. I don't even know why we're back here. Mister Russell is treating this like an episode of Matlock. STEVEN
84) 5) text: ...but where are you going with this? STEVEN
84) 7) text: Are you talking about Marshall vs. Chao? Steven doesn't know what this means... But the other lawyer does. And he's not happy. LAWYER
84) 8) text: (sotto) Shit... Seeing this, Steven puffs with confidence. STEVEN
85) 0) text: Outside the courtroom with Eudora, Steven is ecstatic.
85) 1) dialog: YES! I did great! Can you believe how great I did!?
85) 3) text: Yes. You did very well, Steven. Thank you.
85) 4) dialog: I mean, I did great! Really great! I'm so proud of myself! You want half my sandwich?!
85) 6) dialog: No! We're going out!    I'm paying!!
86) 0) text: Phillip stands flabbergasted next to Steven in the middle of a large modern apartment.
86) 2) dialog: I thought you'd like it honey.
86) 4) dialog: You let me worry about the money sweetheart.
86) 6) dialog: Not this weekend.
86) 8) dialog: I think we both need a vacation. Key West? Phillip smiles.
86) 12) dialog: Yeah? DIALOGUE CONTINUES OVER VARIOUS SHOTS of their romantic getaway to the Keys. In a SERIES of SHOTS we see where they've been and what they've been doing in the moments AFTER they've been there. - A Hammock blowing in the breeze. - A quaint COTTAGE nestled in the vegetation. - Half empty glasses of beer on the porch. - Dirty dishes in the cottage sink. The remains of a romantic meal on a table. The swaying palms are visible through the windows. - Footsteps in the sand. - Two beach chairs facing the surf. - Etc...   etc...
86) 14) dialog: Oh you know... just... people I knew.
86) 16) dialog: Remember that guard? Skinny guy? Smoked a lot?
86) 18) dialog: Yeah, that's him.
86) 20) dialog: Actually- I was in the yard once. Another guard asked him to pay him back five. He opened his wallet and I saw this picture of a little girl about Steffie's age. So I brought it up to him once, just to get him talking. That's the thing about having kids, you know? Gets people talking. Shared experience. Builds bridges. Something I learned. Anyway he tells me he's worried about her- mamma was gone. We talked awhile. You know, I just listened. That's all. I brought up the candles just one time but mostly just listened... And the next day, bedtime, there they were.
87) 0) text: The dialogue continues on the beach as we finally see Steven and Phillip enjoying the sunset by the light of a small fire on the beach.
87) 2) dialog: I didn't. I just knew I wanted `em for you... and I found a way to do it. That's all. Phillip smiles, eyes never leaving the sunset.
87) 4) dialog: That's it... "I Love You Phillip Morris"    Green Pages      5-23-08 And as the sun sets on the shimmering water--
88) 3) dialog: Uh huh...                                              * Phillip spits something over the railing...
88) 4) dialog: Aw, you don't love me...                               * And as Phillip smiles and wipe his chin.
88) 5) dialog: With Phillip I felt strong. I felt invincible. I promised myself he would never want for anything ever again. That meant I needed a real job. Something dependable. And- no more scams.
89) 0) text: A bored Steven waits in the middle of a big wig's office. He looks at PHOTOS on a nearby wall of a broad-shouldered all-American man dressed in a NASA jump suit performing various astronautical training tasks. He picks up a small ASTRONAUT FIGURINE and examines it.
89) 4) text: Yep. Never got out there though. NASA's a real political place. Never could figure out whose ass to kiss to get a mission. (then) All in the past. Barely even think about it now... CUT TO REVEAL a HUGE MODEL of the SPACE SHUTTLE that engulfs half the room. Steven puts the figurine back. STEVEN
89) 6) text: Ass gasket. (draws on his coffee) Have a seat. Steven sits across the desk from Lindholm . LINDHOLM (CONT'D)
89) 7) text: With the popularity of HMO's in today's health care system, doctors need help managing their billing-- so they can focus on their patients. That's where USA Medical Management comes in. Hundreds of millions of dollars pass through our system from the HMO's to the doctors. It's a critical business. A powerful business... (beat) So when I read your resume, I wasn't sure what to think. Your level of education and your past experience would factor heavily into this decision and frankly... Steven deflates in expectation. LINDHOLM (CONT'D)
90) 0) text: Steven makes breakfast in his tightie-whities while talking on the phone. Phillip is in the background doing a crossword puzzle at the kitchen table.
90) 1) dialog: I could not speak more highly of Steven Russell, Mr. Lindholm . A real straight shooter. We were damn lucky to have him at Prudential as long as we did. In his own world, Phillip chimes in.
90) 3) dialog: On the Waterfront.
91) 0) text: Dan continues to wax on about Steven.
92) 0) text: An uptight assistant (RHEBA) leads Steven into his fancy new office.
92) 2) dialog: That's fine... sure. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages    5-23-08   62 She leads him to his new desk which is stacked with folders, files, printouts and reams of data.
92) 5) dialog: Uh.... cup of coffee?
93) 0) text: Steven sits in a board meeting, surrounded by all of the company honchos. Dan Lindholm lords over the gathering at the head of the table while a suit (MARK) reads from a report to the group.
93) 4) text: Mark's projections. STEVEN
93) 6) text: They seem kind of flat. STEVEN
93) 7) text: Oh.   Okay. Ummm... Steven fumbles through some folders and vamps a while. STEVEN (CONT'D)
93) 8) text: Well I did a lot of work here and uh... I think maybe... well I could just read it to you but uh... it might be better to just uh... The group looks at him quizzically.     Just as it seems Steven has been up to nothing-- STEVEN (CONT'D)
93) 9) text: Well, I'll just show you. Todd? TODD, an incredibly hot assistant unveils an easel full of detailed tables. Steven walks the board through an incredibly well prepared presentation. STEVEN (CONT'D)
93) 10) text: If you look here at Mark's projections again for Q3, you'll see- well you'll see they're just that- projections. Projections based on a model set by my predecessor. I decided to reject that model and do things a little differently. I want to show you my results. This is what we actually made in Q3-- Todd flips to the next card. The graphs GROW exponentially. The group is intrigued. STEVEN (CONT'D)
93) 11) text: Now let me tell you how I did it... Todd unveils another card, the men are impressed by the unseen image. And as Steven explains himself, Dan and Birkheim smile broadly and turn to each other with smug assurance. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages      5-23-08
94) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on a candy wrapper opening. A hand removes the candy revealing an INSPIRING MESSAGE printed inside the wrapper- "When two hearts race, both win." ON PHILLIP. He's deeply touched by the sentiment as he chews on the candy. He puts the wrapper on the REFRIGERATOR with a MAGNET. He opens ANOTHER. He chews and reads- "Commit random acts of kindness" Again he's touched and puts it on the refrigerator. He opens ANOTHER and pops the candy in his mouth.    He reads- "A smile is a flower on your face" He's disgusted by the trite sentiment and THROWS THE WRAPPER IN THE TRASH. A beat later, he REMOVES THE CANDY from his mouth and THROWS THAT IN THE TRASH TOO. Just then Steven walks by in a TUXEDO, adjusting his tie.
94) 2) dialog: It's just a work thing. Were we supposed to--
94) 4) dialog: Some stupid gala ball thing...
94) 7) dialog: Yeah.   I'll be home early.   Promise.
95) 0) text: A black-tie cocktail party is in full swing. Steven eats a canapГ© by a window. Something outside catches his eye. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08   6
96) 0) text: Dan Lindholm is out on the balcony staring up at the starry sky. Steven approaches.
96) 2) dialog: No... (realizing)
97) 0) text: Dan Lindholm escorts Steven to BEVERLY Lindholm and a ghastly gaggle of Texas society WIVES.
97) 3) dialog: Good things I hope.
97) 6) dialog: Uh... engaged.
97) 8) dialog: She works. Travels a lot.     It's killing her she couldn't be here. And as the wives fret symathetically-
98) 0) text: Steven saunters over to VERA the company accountant who is stamping some checks. He places some papers on her desk.
98) 1) dialog: These are ready for Dan ...
98) 3) dialog: Kind of. I just got back from my lawyer's office. I asked him, "What's your fee?" He says, "I charge $50 for three questions." So I ask, "Don't you think that's a little expensive?" And he says, "Yes it is... Now what's your final question?" Vera EXPLODES with laughter.
99) 0) text: Steven sits at a high powered lunch with Dan Lindholm and Larry Birkheim. He is diligently taking notes.
100) 0) text: Steven refills his mug of coffee while in the background, two SECRETARIES dish.
101) 0) text: Steven and Dan Lindholm stand at the omelette station at a high class brunch buffet.
101) 2) text: Mushroom and cheese. (to Steven)
101) 3) text: Anyway like I was saying the Northrup guy says to the NASA "well that question's gonna cost fifty million to answer" so NASA says, "Don't you think that's a lot of money?" and Northrup says "Yep, now you owe us another fifty million. Next question please!" This sounds eerily familiar. Steven laughs a COURTESY LAUGH.
101) 4) dialog: Yeah that's a good one... "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages    5-23-08
102) 0) text: Phillip test his blood sugar by applying a test strip to his bloody thumb. He compares the strip to small card with a blood sugar chart. Contented with the result, he puts the everything away in a small BLACK LEATHER BAG containing INSULIN and SYRINGES. Steven passes by in the BACKGROUND with a brand new bag of golf clubs. Phillip is instantly puzzled.
102) 2) dialog: What?
102) 4) dialog: It's work.
102) 6) dialog: I know...
102) 8) dialog: (exiting)
102) 12) dialog: Oh! This is easy! (cocky, Butch)
103) 0) text: As Lindholm and the Clients wait, a periodic spray of sand flies up from the trap behind them as unseen Steven swings in vain.
103) 2) dialog: (to ball)
104) 0) text: Steven and the Client amble along a few yards behind Dan and the other client. Steven is covered in sweat and sand.
105) 0) text: Steven sits at his desk, detached and fed up.
105) 1) dialog: Maybe it was because it's just my nature, or maybe it was because of my past... or maybe it was because they were the most boring fucking people I'd ever met in my life... (beat)
106) 0) text: FLASHBACK to Steven's first day on the job as his RHEBA escorts him to a desk piled high with financial reports.
106) 2) dialog: Uh.... cup of coffee?
106) 4) text: QUICK CUTS of Steven researching by leafing through folders and files INTERCUT with a slow push in on a CHECK PRINTING MACHINE as it spits out product as well as TIME LAPSE footage of employees buzzing through one of the USAM hallways.
106) 5) dialog: The thing about U-SAMM was that they took in all this HMO money and distributed it to doctors.
106) 7) dialog: But in the time between receiving the money and paying it out- it was just sitting there, not making interest or anything.
107) 0) text: At his desk, Steven leafs through the company finances.
107) 1) dialog: It occurred to me to set up an investment account where the held money would earn interest for the short time that the company had it. We're talking twenty two million at any given time here, so even short term the interest adds up pretty quickly. I'd be making the company millions virtually overnight. He leans back to think to himself.
107) 2) dialog: ...and I of course would take a commission. Say... fifty percent. The only problem with that was-- I wasn't the one signing the checks.
108) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on a check being signature-stamped with a RUBBER STAMP. A hand places the stamp into a small wooden box and closes it. CUT WIDE to reveal the hand belongs to VERA, the company accountant and STEVEN is standing over her. It is now we realize we are revisiting an earlier scene.
108) 1) dialog: So I ask, "Don't you think that's a little expensive?" and the lawyer says, "Yes it is, now what's your final question?" Vera EXPLODES with laughter.
109) 2) dialog: (faux)
109) 6) dialog: Really?! Great!
109) 8) dialog: Uhhh... yeah. Sure.
110) 0) text: A huge MOVING TRUCK is parked before an impressive house in an upscale neighborhood. MOVERS unload and roll dollies past two matching MERCEDES COUPES. Steven and Phillip oversee the work- each holding matching MINIATURE PINCERS. They smile wide.   Moments later an OFFSCREEN HONK gets their attention. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08   7 They look to see a SPORTING GOODS TRUCK pulling up with two JET-SKIS hitched to a trailer.
110) 3) dialog: (covering)
110) 8) text: The sheriff is desperate and goes to a psychic. All the woman says is rabbit. Rabbit-rabbit-rabbit, that's all. Well he thinks `bullshit' and he's driving back home and what happens? He sees a rabbit crossing the street in front of him. So he pulls over and follows it into the woods and he finds the missing car. All wrecked and turned over and the girl's inside... still alive. Eventually we find Steven and Phillip in the BACKYARD on a large DOUBLE CHAISE LOUNGE. Their sleeping min-pins are between them.
110) 9) dialog: No.
110) 12) dialog: Mmm hmm... "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
110) 14) text: They could even find out something about you... Steven grows suspicious.
110) 15) dialog: Phillip... what is it?
110) 17) dialog: No.
110) 19) dialog: There isn't.    There's nothing.
110) 21) dialog: We're always going to be together. And there is nothing going on. I promise. (then)
110) 22) text: I wouldn't lie to you, baby. Steven stares back and convinces Phillip with a look. They kiss.
111) 0) text: Birkheim emerges from his parked MERCEDES C-CLASS. After locking it he notices a little smudge and buffs it out with his handkerchief. As he admires his car proudly, the building volume of the MIAMI SOUND MACHINE gets his attention. He sees as Steven arrives in his NEW and MUCH MORE IMPRESSIVE SL500 and parks a few spots down. "I Love You Phillip Morris"        Green Pages   5-23-08 He watches as Steven tries on several watches and tosses them back in the glove compartment before settling on one and exiting the car. Birkheim raises a brow.
112) 0) text: Birkheim and Steven share the elevator.
112) 2) dialog: Thanks, Larry.
112) 4) dialog: SL.   That the C you're driving?
112) 6) dialog: Good car.
112) 8) dialog: Good value. DING! The door opens. Steven exits, leaving a disgruntled Birkheim in his wake.
114) 0) text: Steven whistles happily and takes a draw off his coffee mug. As he passes an office, something catches his ear.
115) 0) text: Birkheim, his back to the door, is on the phone as Steven eavesdrops outside.
116) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on blank copies spitting out of a copier. Steven stands over the machine, his finger on the button as he keeps surveillance on Birkheim's office door. A SECRETARY arrives with a stack of papers.
116) 2) dialog: 
117) 0) text: Steven runs into Birkheim's office and scans the papers on his desk. Nothing. He turns his attention to Birkheim's briefcase, but he can't get it open. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages    5-23-08 Eventually he spots a blank legal pad and looks at it closely. He grabs a pencil and does the old detective trick of shading in the page to reveal what was written on the now missing page above. The embossed text reads, "837,502.12" He stares at it a moment. This number looks familiar. He grabs the phone and dials. An AUTOMATED VOICE answers.
118) 0) text: Steven furiously shreds documents in the company's PAPER SHREDDER. Moments later the same SECRETARY enters the room with an armload of work- enraging Steven.
118) 1) dialog: 
119) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on an ATM keypad as Steven punches some keys and retrieves a handful of cash. He stuffs it into his breast pocket and hops back into his SL.
121) 0) text: INTERCUT. Steven is on the phone while driving with the top down.
121) 1) dialog: Hey Debbie.
121) 3) dialog: Good. How's Steffie doing?
121) 5) dialog: She's interested in boys already?
121) 7) dialog: He's good. He says hi, but listen- I just wanted to call and let you know I'm switching all my phone numbers. I'll let you know when we get a new one.
121) 9) dialog: Deb, you always knew me best.
121) 11) dialog: Well, maybe this is his plan.
121) 13) dialog: Anyway Debbie- that's my boss calling. I love you both and I'll call you soon. Steven clicks over to the other line.
121) 14) dialog: Hello?
122) 2) dialog: The Gulf Freeway. Where are you?
122) 4) dialog: Is something wrong?
122) 6) dialog: Oh, that's nice Dan. But I don't think I'm coming back in. I think we both know why.
122) 8) dialog: Bye-bye Dan. Steven hangs up.
123) 0) text: Steven storms into the house, panting. A worried Phillip comes to greet him.
123) 2) dialog: Nothing. Thought we'd take a little vacation. Key West. Let's pack. Quick! Okay I'll pack for you! Phillip follows him through the house.
123) 4) dialog: Now don't get angry, it's gonna be fun, I swear.
123) 6) dialog: Of course we are! We're never gonna be apart. Never. Steven ducks into the bedroom.   Phillip doesn't follow.
124) 0) text: Steven furiously packs a suitcase, yelling out to Phillip in the hallway.
124) 1) dialog: We'll get a place. Do some fishing. I can work on my key lime pie recipe... Steven picks up the suitcase without zipping it up and heads back into the hall.
124) 2) dialog: ...I might even grow a beard and enter the Papa Hemingway contest! He stops short in the hallway.   Phillip is gone. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08   8
124) 3) dialog: Phillip? Honey?
125) 0) text: Steven bursts from the house still clutching the suitcase just in time to see Phillip's car rounding the corner.
125) 1) dialog: 
127) 0) text: Steven exits and heads for his car, but before he can get in- WHAM! He's grabbed by a group of POLICEMEN. He SQUEALS like a rabbit's death bleat and flails wildly. This continues for a while until--
128) 0) text: Steven resumes his VOICE OVER in the penitentiary infirmary.
128) 1) dialog: There I was, keeping secrets, living a lie. Like I said, I tend to do that. Now I didn't blame Phillip for running out on me, but I had to make things right. I had to get him back. You see, there's something I didn't tell you... (beat)
129) 0) text: The Florida sun bathes the bedroom in a heavenly glow, illuminating Jimmy Kemple as he wakes. He opens his eyes to see Steven staring longingly at him.
129) 2) text: Steven just smiles.
129) 4) dialog: I love you Jimmy.
129) 7) dialog: I know.
129) 9) dialog: Why the hell not?
129) 11) text: Steven thinks a moment, but never stops smiling.
129) 12) dialog: I don't give a shit about that.
130) 0) text: FLASHBACK. We're back at the scene where Steven tries to jump in the dumpster. He leaps over the guard rail and--
130) 2) text: WHAM!!! Steven hits the ground next to the dumpster.
131) 0) text: A short time later, Steven lies MOANING and delirious. Kemple cradles his head as Debbie and the cop watch nearby.
132) 0) text: Steven pushes a cart of food through the block delivering sandwiches to fellow detainees.
133) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on fingers dialing a pay phone.    Cut wide to reveal it's Steven making a call.
133) 1) dialog: Hi baby. What do you mean? It's noon. I always call at noon. (listens)
134) 2) dialog: I know.
134) 5) dialog: I know, I'm sorry...
134) 7) dialog: You're not gonna die alone.
134) 9) dialog: You're not gonna die alone, okay?   Just believe me.
134) 11) dialog: Yes I do. I promise. He hangs up, tortured by this news. His eyes catch a glimpse of a DETECTIVE exiting the cell block, banging on the GUARD BOOTH glass with his walkie-talkie. He just stares at the door, long and hard.
135) 0) text: Steven approaches a section of bars where a BLONDE INMATE is waiting.
135) 1) dialog: Did you get `em?
135) 3) dialog: What the hell's this?
135) 5) dialog: Jesus! "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
136) 0) text: Dressed in prison orange, Steven walks up to a counter, a sandwiches in hand. He holds it up before a HUGE GUARD.
136) 1) dialog: Lunch is served.
136) 2) text: As the Guard goes through the bag, Steven reaches over the counter and swipes a WALKIE TALKIE- revealing a CALENDAR that reads FRIDAY the 13th. He beats a nervous exit.
137) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on a MAN'S ASS IN RUBY RED, SKIN TIGHT HOTPANTS. CUT TO REVEAL Steven walking nervously down the hall clad in said hotpants as well as a tight spaghetti strap top. Walkie Talkie in hand, he tries to give as authoritative an aura as he can. He gets to a glass security door, where two JAIL GUARDS stand. Steven taps on the glass confidently with the WALKIE TALKIE and signals them to open the door. They do.   And as he passes the two guards one of them speaks.
137) 2) text: Steven approaches another set of doors and signals. doors open.
138) 0) text: Steven   passes through the doors and comes to an exit. H pushes   on it to find it LOCKED. Panic sets in as he pushes   repeatedly to no avail. And just when he thinks all is   lost-- He looks down to realizes he's neglected to notice the PUSH BAR to open the door. And with a gentle PUSH, the door OPENS ...and he's gone. "I Love You Phillip Morris"      Green Pages   5-23-08
139) 0) text: HELEN KEMPLE brings a tray of toast and water into the bedroom where Steven sits over Kemple's rapidly deteriorating body.
139) 3) dialog: Come on. You need to drink something. Kemple meekly hands Steven his stainless steel ROLEX.
139) 5) dialog: Well that's not okay with me baby. You can't leave. I need you around here. You're the love of my life.
139) 7) dialog: Shhhh...
139) 10) dialog: You're not thinking clearly baby. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages     5-23-08
139) 12) dialog: Okay, okay.     Now drink some water.
141) 0) text: Steven is dragged kicking and SCREAMING to a squad car by a group of POLICEMEN.
141) 1) dialog: 
142) 0) text: A CLAXON BLARES and the cell door slides OPEN with metallic ROAR, revealing a very impatient Steven with a few days stubble on his face.
142) 1) dialog: It's about damn time! He rushes out. "I Love You Phillip Morris"      Green Pages      5-23-08
143) 0) text: Steven hurries to the phone and dials. He nervously awaits an answer. Then-
143) 1) dialog: Hi Helen it's me. Is-- He's interrupted and proceeds to listen.       The look o face says it all.
143) 2) dialog: Okay... mmm hmm... Through the glass wall outside the phone room, we watch as Steven continues to absorb the bad news. He hangs up the phone and falls to pieces as the CACOPHONY of the prison masks any sound of his grief.
143) 5) dialog: I'm sorry I didn't tell you before. I just don't like talking about some things. The door opens and a HOUSTON COP hands him a black LEATHERETTE CASE.
143) 7) dialog: Oh thanks.
143) 9) dialog: Yeah... The cop gets in and they drive off. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages       5-23-08
144) 0) text: The HOUSTON COP and a DRIVING COP ride up front, not paying much attention to their passenger. In the REAR, Steven nervously and quietly prepares an INSULIN SYRINGE and inexpertly INJECTS IT in his belly.
144) 1) dialog: I wasn't going to lose Phillip. No way. I broke Jimmy's heart and I was not gonna break Phillip's. I was gonna make everything alright. No matter what it took, I was going to escape. He gives a quick look around and prepares another syringe. After another injection, he prepares another. And then ANOTHER and ANOTHER...
146) 0) text: Steven wakes up in a hospital bed. A little bleary at first, his eyes scan the room. He's alone. He sits up, pleased and very excited. He pulls out his IV, hops out of bed and heads for the window when- "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages    5-23-08 CLANG! He stops short to find his ankle is shackled to the bed.
146) 1) dialog: Shit! The door opens and the Houston Cop peers his head in. He looks back to his unseen partner.
147) 0) text: Three manacled PRISONERS, one of them Steven, follow a CORRECTIONS OFFICER into the Processing Area at the Harris County Jail. Each of the men are still in their street clothes and manacled separately.
148) 0) text: The elevator doors OPEN to reveal Steven, not with the janitors, but with a GROUP OF OFFICERS-- re-emerging from the elevator and back into the processing area. The LEAD OFFICER talks to the clerk.
149) 0) text: Steven, in a fresh prison jumpsuit, paces while talking on the phone.
149) 1) dialog: C'mon Phillip, pick up, it's me.    I'm sorry. C'mon. (then)
149) 4) dialog: Not long. (picks up phone)
150) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on Steven's BLOODY FACE. A PRISON PHYSICIAN is examining it closely. We notice Steven is wearing WHITE SCRUBS (as opposed to the doctor who wears GREEN SCRUBS).
150) 2) dialog: It sure hurts... "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages   5-23-08 As Steven talks and the doctor looks, Steven stealthily plucks the doctor's ID BADGE and slips it in his pocket.
151) 0) text: Steven finishes filling the sink in his cell and pulls out a GREEN MAGIC MARKER. He breaks it open and drips the ink into the water. And as the water turns GREEN, Steven removes his white scrubs and plunges them in the sink.
152) 0) text: The NIGHT GUARD watches his monitors when a rap on the glass gets his attention. He looks up to see Steven in newly (and badly) dyed GREEN SCRUBS, awaiting exit on the other side, holding the stolen ID BADGE against the glass.
153) 0) text: Seven State and Local police cruisers sit in the parking lot, a shirtless Steven is removed from his motel room by a pair of OFFICERS. His skin is stained green but his expression is pure resolve.
154) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on a GAVEL striking. Steven stands before the judge flanked by his attorney and a bailiff.
154) 3) dialog: Nine hundred thousand!? It's a white collar charge.
154) 5) text: Mister Russell is a flight risk. The bond is set. Nine hundred thousand. STEVEN
154) 8) text: That's your right, but I strongly advise you don't. The judge finishes filling out the form and PLACES IT AT THE EDGE OF HIS BENCH for Steven to see. It clearly reads his bail amount, his charge, everything. As the Attorney PRATTLES ON in the background, Steven just STARES AT THE FORM LONG AND HARD. HOUSTON JUDGE (CONT'D)
154) 9) text: Fine. You can have your hearing tomorrow. Steven interjects. STEVEN
154) 11) text: We'd like next week if that's okay. STEVEN
155) 0) text: A block of holding cells well stocked with men waiting on the legal system. We soon come upon Steven who is furiously SKETCHING OUT A COPY of the form from the judge's bench from memory.
156) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on an opened envelope next to Steven's sketch and a letter.
156) 1) dialog: Dearest Tyler. Long time no talk. I won't beat around the bush. I got into a spot of trouble here in Houston and find myself needing help. That's right, jail again. Anyway I was wondering if you could type up this thing for me on your computer just like I sketched out... As Steven `reads' the letter we reveal a MAN hacking away on a computer nearby. As we move closer, we see that he's the MOUSTACHED MAN from the night of his car crash and he's not wearing pants.
157) 0) text: Steven opens a letter and pulls out the FORGED FORM.
157) 1) dialog: Great! He grabs a pen and begins filling it out.
158) 0) text: Manacled to a line of prisoners, Steven shuffles through a crowded hallway. Courthouse staff are everywhere. Steven spots a HARRIED woman approaching with an armful of paperwork. He reaches into his jumpsuit and pulls out the FORGED DOCUMENT and as she passes- HE DROPS IT.
158) 1) dialog: Ma'am?! The woman turns back, annoyed. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08
158) 2) dialog: Dropped something. She picks it up and puts it on her pile. He smiles as he watches her walk away.
159) 2) dialog: (as woman)
159) 5) dialog: I'll put him through. Steven switches to an authoritative JUDGE VOICE.
159) 6) dialog: (gruff)
159) 9) dialog: Charles Hearn- I got a bail adjustment coming through, sent it over today.
159) 11) dialog: Russell. Steven Jay.
159) 13) dialog: Good, I need that to go through right away. Because if it don't, I'm gonna have to chug about a quart of Tidee Bowl on account of all the shit I'll be eating. Know what I mean? Julie GIGGLES.
159) 15) dialog: And say- Julie? Can you save me a dime and connect me to a good bail bondsman?
160) 0) text: A LIMOUSINE pulls up outside a modest Galveston house. The CHAUFFEUR opens the door and Steven emerges dressed in new linen suit and clutching champagne and flowers. He approaches the door and just as he's about to knock--
160) 3) dialog: Phillip-
160) 5) dialog: Don't say that.
160) 7) dialog: Honey, I know you're upset- but we love each other. "I Love You Phillip Morris"       Green Pages   5-23-08 PHILLIP (O.S.)
160) 8) text: You opened a bank account for Doctor Phillip Morris! Now they think I'm in on everything! I'm facing real time! You know I can't go back to prison. STEVEN
160) 10) text: Fuck off! I'm in enough trouble. STEVEN
160) 12) text: FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING LIAR! Do you realize how bad you've fucked me over!! You made me an accomplice! You fucking liar! I don't want to see you. Go away! I never want to see you again! STEVEN
160) 13) text: Phillip don't say that. No response. STEVEN (CONT'D)
160) 15) text: You're the lawyer, you figure it out. This time, it's Steven who remains silent. PHILLIP (O.S.) (CONT'D)
160) 17) text: You're not even a lawyer?! You fucking liar! STEVEN
160) 20) dialog: Open the door Phillip.
160) 22) dialog: (quietly)
160) 24) text: Open the door. Please. I just want to say one thing. Please. Just one thing. That's all. Please. A long silence. Steven waits longer than he should with the certainty that it will open. And eventually it does... slowly and tentatively. Through the screen door, their eyes are just inches apart. Steven looks into Phillip's soul. He opens his mouth and--
161) 0) text: Steven and Phillip sit manacled, side by side. They stare at the floor in miserable uncomfortable silence.
161) 1) dialog: Phillip?
161) 3) dialog: I love you. No response. Phillip can only sit and stew.       And ste Until finally, he's had enough. "I Love You Phillip Morris"     Green Pages     5-23-08
161) 8) dialog: That was the last time I ever saw him.
162) 1) dialog: ...But I knew he was right. Phillip, Jimmy, Debbie- they've all been right. My whole life was nothing but a bunch of lies. Lies to make people love me, lies to keep them from leaving me and lies to make them give me their money. He enters his cell.
163) 0) text: Steven carries his belongings to his new cell in Michael Unit. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages     5-23-08   1
163) 1) dialog: And in the process I lost track of who I was. Maybe Barbra Bascombe had me pegged right from the beginning and that's why she gave me up...
164) 0) text: Steven stares at his distorted face in the polished metal MIRROR in his cell.
164) 1) dialog: Whatever the case, how does a person who doesn't exist go on existing? Well the answer is- he doesn't.
165) 0) text: Steven is curled up in a ball in his cell, SOBBING as he stares at a SNAPSHOT of Phillip in Key West pasted to the wall.
166) 0) text: Steven sits over an untouched tray of food, staring at it detached. He looks thin. Pale.
167) 0) text: Steven kneels over the toilet in his cell.   The sound of PUKING reverberates.
168) 0) text: Months later, Steven sits up in his bed. He now has a grey beard and with his shirt off we can see he has lost an unhealthy amount of weight. "I Love You Phillip Morris"    Green Pages    5-23-08   1
169) 0) text: OPEN CLOSE on the gaunt and grey-skinned Steven. A MALE NURSE places a thermometer in his mouth and looks at Steven's medical history. He looks concerned.
170) 0) text: Steven sits before a YOUNG PRISON DOCTOR who looks through his records.
170) 2) dialog: How long do I have? And off the Doctor's grave face--
171) 0) text: CLOUDS drift slowly across the sky. The OPENING SCENE again- the four kids lying on the hill, staring at the clouds. Young Steven smiles at the sight. A dull WHINE is heard, building until--
172) 0) text: The first hospital scene in the movie. The cardio ALARM blares. Steven watches from his bed as a DOCTOR appears and pushes the nurses aside.
172) 2) dialog: So here we are, where you first met me...
173) 0) text: A sheet is pulled over the cardio victim's corpse and Steven watches as it is wheeled out of the ward. He returns his bleary gaze to the ceiling.
173) 1) dialog: I've been in this bed for months now. Waiting to die. The only thing that keeps me going is the thought that I might get a chance to see Phillip one more time. (beat)
173) 2) text: But I don't know how much longer I can do this... Steven's eyes roll back into his head as he slips into unconsciousness.
176) 0) text: Steven looks worse than ever in his semi-private bed, looking out the window at the clouds with a catatonic gaze. He's at peace. It is the moment of his death.
176) 4) text: Okay you can put him through. She puts the phone to Steven's ear. He can muster only a few words. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages       5-23-08
176) 5) dialog: (wisp)
177) 0) text: Phillip is INTERCUT with the helpless Steven.
177) 2) text: It doesn't matter. I had to talk to you Steven. (tearing up)
177) 5) text: But it was never better, never more real than with you Steven. I realize now that all that crazy shit you did- in your fucked up way- it was always for me. Always for us. You are the most amazing man Steven. It takes my breath away. And even though I can't be with you now, I will always be yours... Forever. He steels himself as best he can.
178) 0) text: As a single tear runs down Steven's face, the nurse puts the phone on the hook and leaves. Steven lies motionless.   He gazes out the window to the passing clouds in the sky. It's time.
180) 3) dialog: Did I forget to mention I didn't die? Yeah, I didn't die. Faked the whole thing.
181) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Steven is curled up in a ball, sobbing as he stares at a picture of Phillip pasted to the wall.
181) 2) dialog: Fuck you. I got a broken heart here. We see now his Bunkmate is Cleavon.
181) 4) dialog: Yeah I know...
181) 6) dialog: When you're right you're right Cleavon... Long pause.
181) 8) dialog: No thanks.
181) 10) dialog: Lying there in all my misery, I had a moment of clarity. It became clear to me- I had to get to Phillip. No matter what. Even if it meant dying...
182) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Steven sits over an untouched tray of food, staring at it detached.
182) 1) dialog: Faking your death from AIDS is no easy task, believe me. But after watching Jimmy die, I thought I could make it convincing. First, you have to starve yourself- I ate half as much every day for ten months. After that, you have to fake all sorts of symptoms.
183) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Steven kneels over the toilet in his cell, sticking his finger down his throat until he pukes.
183) 1) dialog: You gotta keep this up for months until you lose about, say, 80 pounds.
184) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Months later, Steven sits up in his bed. He now has a grey beard and with his shirt off we can see he has lost an unhealthy amount of weight.
184) 1) dialog: But the hardest part is falsifying your records.
185) 0) text: Steven enters an inmate's cell (LAWRENCE) with a BIG BAG OF COFFEE.
185) 1) dialog: Hey Lawrence- you still work in the infirmary?
185) 3) dialog: You like coffee?
186) 0) text: Lawrence sweeps up in an empty office. He looks to see if the coast is clear and bolts for some file cabinets. After some searching, Lawrence pulls out a file entitled "Russell, Steven A". Reading from a scrap of paper, he scrawls something with a pen. Lawrence then reaches into his pants and pulls out some forged forms- stuffing them into the folder.
187) 0) text: FLASHBACK. OPEN CLOSE on the gaunt and grey-skinned Steven. A MALE NURSE places a thermometer in his mouth and looks at Phillip's medical history. CLOSE ON THE FILE- a doctor's entry reads "HIV+ since 91" A few flips of the pages reveal FORGED BLOOD TEST DOCUMENTS. Buzzwords like T-CELL COUNTS and other terms catch the Nurse's eye. He looks concerned.
188) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Steven sits before a YOUNG PRISON DOCTOR who looks through his records.
188) 2) dialog: How long do I have? And off the Doctor's grave face-- "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages     5-23-08
189) 0) text: Steven lays in his hospital bed. A FAT NURSE puts a pill in his mouth and follows it with some water. She exits. Once she's clear, Steven reaches into his mouth and pulls out the pill. He secretly places it into a small HOLE in his mattress for safe keeping.
190) 0) text: FLASHBACK. Again, we are at the first hospital scene of the movie. The cardio ALARM blares. Steven watches as a DOCTOR appears and pushes the nurses aside.
190) 2) dialog: But the hardest part by far is getting transferred to a private care facility. It's standard procedure for late stage patients, but convincing them I was about to die would involve taking a few risks. He chases the pills down with a glass of water.
191) 0) text: Steven is helped from a corrections van into a wheelchair outside the Restful Acres facility.
191) 1) dialog: After a four day coma, they were convinced.
192) 0) text: In his bed at the care facility, Steven looks around and picks up the phone. He talks with a FOREIGN ACCENT.
192) 1) dialog: This is Doctor Rios from the Hamblin Center, Houston. I'm looking for AIDS patients for a study we're... "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages      5-23-08 And as he talks--
192) 2) dialog: And once I got settled in, I just called the Department of Corrections and convinced them I was a state-sponsored doctor looking for late stage AIDS patients for an experimental treatment. (then)
192) 3) text: As luck would have it, they had one patient that was eligible... Steven continues his Dr. Rios imitation on the phone.
192) 4) dialog: Oh you do? Steven Russell? Could you spell that? CAMERA SETTLES on a nearby CALENDAR.    It reads: "MONDAY
193) 3) dialog: And for all that time- all those doctors, all those nurses and all those facilities... not one of them ever thought to give me an AIDS test... The door SLAMS and off he drives.
193) 4) dialog: Fucking Texas...
194) 0) text: Once clear, Steven speaks to the driver. "I Love You Phillip Morris"    Green Pages      5-23-08
194) 1) dialog: I had a special request when I ordered the cab. Did they tell you?
194) 4) dialog: Thank God.
194) 5) text: Steven grabs it and begins to gorge himself on BURGERS.
194) 6) dialog: A week later, the hospice was to get a call from Doctor Rios, telling them Steven Russell had died undergoing treatment. And after all that hard work dying? Where's the first place I go?
195) 0) text: BACK TO MEETING ROOM. Phillip stands frozen before Steven
195) 1) dialog: Funny, huh?
195) 2) text: The guard pushes Phillip past the threshold.    The door SLAMS SHUT behind him. He staggers toward Steven as a kaleidoscope of emotions plays across his face. Bewilderment, relief, sorrow, joy and finally, anger- WHACK!   He slaps Steven across the face.
195) 4) dialog: I know- I'm sorry- You weren't supposed to find out.
195) 6) dialog: I couldn't take a chance telling you. You know that. I couldn't. But Phillip, I only did it so I could get here to you. (then) Just to talk to you. And here I am.
195) 8) text: You're so skinny. STEVEN
195) 10) text: Steven I don't- STEVEN
195) 11) text: Wait. Listen. I just came here to tell you one thing and that's it. You don't have to take me back, I just want to say one thing. Phillip is listening. STEVEN (CONT'D)
195) 12) text: I know you thought we were nothing but a lie- but underneath all those lies there was always something that was real. I thought about what you said to me. You said you don't know who I am. But I have to tell you- I know now. I know who I am. I mean- I'm not a lawyer, I'm not a CFO, I'm not a cop. Hell I'm not even an escape artist. Those Steven Russells are dead. And now, all that's left is the man that loves you. That's all. Nothing else. I'm just the man that loves you. (then)
195) 14) text: How do I know you're not bullshitting me again? Steven pauses.   He looks Phillip square in the eye. STEVEN
196) 0) text: At a window, a CLERK stamps a few documents and hands them to Steven, who is dressed in his lawyer attire. Steven exits the line and ducks into a nearby bathroom.
197) 0) text: At the urinal, Steven whistles to himself. SUPER: "Steven Russell was arrested two weeks later trying to secure Phillip's release." Steven turns his head to find the man at the next urinal staring at him. It's a very surprised Birkheim with a badge affixed to his jacket reading, "JUROR". Steven SMILES at him.
198) 0) text: Steven sits in court while a FEMALE D.A. argues her case. SUPER: "An embarrassment to the State of Texas and Governor George Bush, Steven was given an unprecedented life sentence." She nods to the audience where Lindholm sits smiling. SUPER: "Coincidentally, the D.A. who prosecuted him was the Sister in law of Dan Lindholm- Steven's former boss"
199) 0) text: Steven smiles wide, shackled in a solitary 6 by 7 cell. SUPER: "Steven sits in 23 hour-a-day lockdown, with only one hour a day for supervised showers and exercise." Steven stares at his Key West CALENDAR with a small photo of Phillip attached to it. The cell brightens, everything around Steven blooms with white light. He looks to see. "I Love You Phillip Morris"   Green Pages     5-23-08
200) 0) text: STEVEN'S POV. Phillip also enveloped in white light, sits on the bow of staring at him with a smile. Steven smiles back.
201) 0) text: A SIREN BLARES over a wide of the facility. Small in frame, we see Steven running from the prison gaining ground on the two guards chasing him.