29) 0) text: Picard, Geordi, Beverly and the Security Team MATERIALIZE on the vast, rolling plains of Montana.
37) 0) text: Picard, Geordi and Beverly step onto the catwalk, which surrounds the Silo walls. In the middle is the WARP SHIP itself. It should look like an advanced ICBM missile with a COCKPIT in place of the warhead, and with numerous modifications to the fuselage. The cockpit is on the same level as the control room. On the side of the missile is the name "Phoenix". The missile itself extends down another FOUR STORIES. There are other catwalks below this one, with ladders connecting the different levels. Beverly sees something below.
37) 2) text: Two catwalks below we can see a man sprawled on the grating. They all scramble down the ladders past the massive missile. (NOTE: Because of the design of the Silo, we will see the entire missile only in a few shots. For the most part, our view is limited to sections of the missile.) Beverly reaches the man, who is lying face-down on the metal grating. She scans him...
38) 0) text: Minutes later. Cochrane is lying on the ground. Beverly is kneeling beside him, unfolding a portable stretcher from her medkit. Picard is checking two combadges with a tricorder.
44) 0) text: Resurrection is a small town -- around 1,000 people -- a rural, Western community that's probably existed for at least two hundred years, and we can see the roots of the original ranching community in some of the architecture. But it's also a community of the 21st century. The most striking feature of the town is that it sits in the middle of nearly a hundred WIND MILLS, which provide the only source of power for the town. The blades are enormous, but the structures supporting them are little more than simple poles. Some are sleek, fiberglass, futuristic... others have a more cobbled together, make-shift appearance. At the moment, only a few blades are turning in the gentle breeze. Picard and Beverly emerge from the nearby woods carrying the stretcher. They exchange a look at the sight of the city and then head toward it...
45) 0) text: A few minutes later. Picard and Beverly carrying Cochrane down the street toward the hospital at the end. As they walk along, we get our first taste of post-apocalyptic 21st century life: This is a recognizable American community, but it's definitely a futuristic town. Clothing, architecture, technology -- all have changed over the course of seventy years. But it is a broken future. What used to be high-tech public COMPUTER TERMINALS are rusted and abandoned. We can see the corroded hulks of HOVER- CARS lying idle in the streets. Futuristic elements now useless. At one point, they pass a large polyurethane TENT -- the inside surface is covered with condensation and we can see the silhouettes of people moving within. The entrance is guarded by a single Militia Guard. Later we will learn that this is a primitive greenhouse, the only place where they can grow uncontaminated food. What used to be a McDonald's, or some other recognizable food chain, has now been gutted and has been turned into a kind of blacksmith shop. People are fashioning metal into various tools using hammer and tongs. The sidewalks are populated with PEOPLE, who congregate in small groups, quietly talking amongst themselves, others just staring vacantly off into space. Many of them have visible burn scars and damage to their bodies - victims of the war and post-nuclear environmental dangers. A few of them are applying a special lotion to their arms and face -- protection against the toxic elements. A long FOOD LINE snakes around a block, as people line up to get their daily rations. A few people glance up at Picard and Beverly with curious or suspicious looks. This is not a community that welcomes strangers. At one point, they see a man dressed in futuristic CAMOUFLAGE carrying an automatic weapon -- we will learn he's a MILITIA SOLDIER. He stares at them with a neutral expression, then walks off. The people here have that hollow-eyed, listless look about them. They're going through something that makes the Great Depression look like a minor inconvenience. But there's also a toughness to these people, a resilience and determination to survive in the face of overwhelming odds. We are looking at our future... and it's on the verge of collapse.
46) 0) text: A short time later. Cochrane is being lifted onto an operating table. Picard and Beverly step back from the table as a DOCTOR and two NURSES look him over. The doctor is in his early fifties and has a weathered, tired look to him. The hospital itself is like the rest of the town -- a futuristic setting fallen on hard times. The light in the room is provided mostly from the sunlight streaming in through the windows. Light bulbs and other gear flicker dimly around the hospital -- we get the feeling they have very little power.
46) 8) dialog: It's a... new medical scanner. It's a little more precise than an X-ray machine. The Doctor eyes it.
46) 24) text: Picard rushes out the doors. Beverly checks Cochrane's pulse.
46) 26) text: Beverly climbs up on top of Cochrane, straddling him, begins giving him 24th century CPR. She takes charge.
48) 0) text: As before. Beverly, the doctor and the nurse trying to save Cochrane.
50) 0) text: Picard enters. They've placed a RESPIRATOR down Cochrane's throat, and attached electrodes to his chest. Beverly has just finished giving him an injection with a hypospray. The heart monitor in the background is now beating regularly. The doctor turns to Picard.
69) 0) text: Beverly is holding the X-ray glass Ruby made up to the light, as the Doctor seen earlier looks on.
86) 7) text: Picard, Geordi and Beverly are standing around Cochrane, who is sitting in a high-backed chair in a corner of the Control Room.
93) 1) text: -- Cochrane sitting in his chair, holding his head, but rapt with attention. Beverly checking him with her MEDKIT, which is sitting open on a console nearby. -- The BLAST DOOR begins closing. -- Geordi's hands flipping switches, working the controls. OVER THESE SHOTS:
158) 0) text: The missile doors now open, the ground badly scorched from the launch. Scrimm and his militia guards are sitting on the ground, while Lange and the other Starfleet N.D. keep a watchful eye on them. Cochrane is sitting against a rock, while Beverly checks him over. Ruby is pacing, lost in thought...