2) 0) text: The Bridge has been redesigned. A single Captain's chair dominates the room, and surrounding consoles and stations all face inward instead of out, giving Picard instant access to his officers. PICARD in the Captain's chair. RIKER at a new Ops station. DATA at the helm. WORF at Tactical. TROI at Communications, various CREWMEMBERS at their posts. The ship is at Red Alert and everyone is tense.
27) 0) text: As everyone reacts to the destruction of the Sphere. But Picard has no time for celebration.
28) 0) text: Picard, Geordi and THREE SECURITY GUARDS are checking their phasers and tricorders. Everyone is wearing civilia clothes. Geordi has a large engineering kit... Transporte Chief pulling on a civilian jacket. She looks a little  frazzled - it's been a long day in Sickbay.
29) 0) text: Picard, Geordi, Beverly and the Security Team MATERIALIZE on the vast, rolling plains of Montana.
35) 0) text: The SILO is buried deep underground, but on the surface there is a large, poured concrete MISSILE DOOR. Built to withstand a nuclear blast, the door has nevertheless been badly charred and damaged by the Borg attack from orbit. There are large, smoking CRATERS all around. Part of the ground seems to have COLLAPSED to a depth of ten feet, like a sinkhole nearby. Picard and his team approach.
36) 1) dialog: and his team ENTER the dark and smoking ruin. Beverly and Picard move to one of the dead men, while Geordi and the Security Guards move to the other three. Beverly rolls the man onto his back -- he's clearly dead. The name stitched on his uniform says Rippert. Picard looks up.
37) 0) text: Picard, Geordi and Beverly step onto the catwalk, which surrounds the Silo walls. In the middle is the WARP SHIP itself. It should look like an advanced ICBM missile with a COCKPIT in place of the warhead, and with numerous modifications to the fuselage. The cockpit is on the same level as the control room. On the side of the missile is the name "Phoenix". The missile itself extends down another FOUR STORIES. There are other catwalks below this one, with ladders connecting the different levels. Beverly sees something below.
38) 0) text: Minutes later. Cochrane is lying on the ground. Beverly is kneeling beside him, unfolding a portable stretcher from her medkit. Picard is checking two combadges with a tricorder.
44) 0) text: Resurrection is a small town -- around 1,000 people -- a rural, Western community that's probably existed for at least two hundred years, and we can see the roots of the original ranching community in some of the architecture. But it's also a community of the 21st century. The most striking feature of the town is that it sits in the middle of nearly a hundred WIND MILLS, which provide the only source of power for the town. The blades are enormous, but the structures supporting them are little more than simple poles. Some are sleek, fiberglass, futuristic... others have a more cobbled together, make-shift appearance. At the moment, only a few blades are turning in the gentle breeze. Picard and Beverly emerge from the nearby woods carrying the stretcher. They exchange a look at the sight of the city and then head toward it...
45) 0) text: A few minutes later. Picard and Beverly carrying Cochrane down the street toward the hospital at the end. As they walk along, we get our first taste of post-apocalyptic 21st century life: This is a recognizable American community, but it's definitely a futuristic town. Clothing, architecture, technology -- all have changed over the course of seventy years. But it is a broken future. What used to be high-tech public COMPUTER TERMINALS are rusted and abandoned. We can see the corroded hulks of HOVER- CARS lying idle in the streets. Futuristic elements now useless. At one point, they pass a large polyurethane TENT -- the inside surface is covered with condensation and we can see the silhouettes of people moving within. The entrance is guarded by a single Militia Guard. Later we will learn that this is a primitive greenhouse, the only place where they can grow uncontaminated food. What used to be a McDonald's, or some other recognizable food chain, has now been gutted and has been turned into a kind of blacksmith shop. People are fashioning metal into various tools using hammer and tongs. The sidewalks are populated with PEOPLE, who congregate in small groups, quietly talking amongst themselves, others just staring vacantly off into space. Many of them have visible burn scars and damage to their bodies - victims of the war and post-nuclear environmental dangers. A few of them are applying a special lotion to their arms and face -- protection against the toxic elements. A long FOOD LINE snakes around a block, as people line up to get their daily rations. A few people glance up at Picard and Beverly with curious or suspicious looks. This is not a community that welcomes strangers. At one point, they see a man dressed in futuristic CAMOUFLAGE carrying an automatic weapon -- we will learn he's a MILITIA SOLDIER. He stares at them with a neutral expression, then walks off. The people here have that hollow-eyed, listless look about them. They're going through something that makes the Great Depression look like a minor inconvenience. But there's also a toughness to these people, a resilience and determination to survive in the face of overwhelming odds. We are looking at our future... and it's on the verge of collapse.
46) 0) text: A short time later. Cochrane is being lifted onto an operating table. Picard and Beverly step back from the table as a DOCTOR and two NURSES look him over. The doctor is in his early fifties and has a weathered, tired look to him. The hospital itself is like the rest of the town -- a futuristic setting fallen on hard times. The light in the room is provided mostly from the sunlight streaming in through the windows. Light bulbs and other gear flicker dimly around the hospital -- we get the feeling they have very little power.
46) 24) text: Picard rushes out the doors. Beverly checks Cochrane's pulse.
47) 0) text: The back of the building. Picard rushes out and spots an old, dilapidated BATTERY UNIT providing power to the hospital. He quickly yanks off the back panel, revealing a tangle of wires, and several large batteries. He kneels down, then removes the back of the tricorder.
47) 3) dialog: holds the power cell with one hand, and starts pulling out wires from the batteries with the other.
50) 0) text: Picard enters. They've placed a RESPIRATOR down Cochrane's throat, and attached electrodes to his chest. Beverly has just finished giving him an injection with a hypospray. The heart monitor in the background is now beating regularly. The doctor turns to Picard.
50) 7) text: revealing RUBY SLOANE standing at the front of Cochrane's bed. A striking woman in her mid-to-late thirties -- dark hair, tall, lean, beautiful under normal circumstances but at the moment she's not at her best, it looks like she's just come in from a hard day's work. She's wearing an old lab coat. But the most striking quality of all is the innate intelligence we can see in her eyes. She's looking directly at Picard for an answer. Picard realizes he has to say something. He looks into her eyes and there is a moment here -- a brief spark of chemistry that in normal circumstances the Captain just might follow up. But at the moment, he shoves that electric feeling aside and tries to give her an answer.
51) 0) text: A short time later. Picard walking down the main street back toward the gates. People passing him, taking no notice of him...Picard's mind thinking ahead. He happens to glance down a side street, then he stops.
51) 1) text: Looking down the side street. Ruby, the mysterious woman from the hospital, is walking along with a camera bag now slung over her shoulder. She stops for a moment as she passes the hulk of a burnt-out old hover car... stares at it...then pulls a home-made FUTURISTIC CAMERA out of her bag and snaps a picture of the car. She continues on her way. Picard is intrigued -- wonders about this woman and what it is she could be taking a picture of. Just then --
60) 0) text: Geordi and Picard are walking down the catwalk ladders toward the missile's massive engines. Now that the smoke has cleared and the place has been cleared up a bit, we get our first good look at the ship and the damage done in the Borg attack.
60) 8) dialog: Wait a minute...
61) 0) text: Moments later. Picard and Geordi are looking at the three cloth-printed photographs seen earlier -- the headshot of Cochrane and two different angles of the three cloth-printed photographs seen earlier -- the warp ship with people working on it. Picard spreads them out on the desk.
66) 0) text: Picard walks down the hall, stops outside a door marked "X-RAY PROCESSING." The RED LIGHT is on above the door, but that means nothing to Picard... who opens the door and steps inside...
67) 0) text: Much like a traditional darkroom, trays of chemicals and washes, etc. But everything has a slightly futuristic and cobbled-together feel. They are developing X-rays by hand instead of by machine. The room is lit with an AMBER glow. As soon as Picard opens the door, we hear Ruby's voice:
67) 20) text: Picard hesitates, smiles at her, tries to laugh it off.
68) 0) text: Picard follows Ruby out into the corridor. She has a satisfied smile on her face -- it's not easy to put one over on this woman. And the truth is, she's enjoying Picard's frustration. As they walk along...
78) 0) text: CLOSE ON DATA'S FACE. His eyes are closed -- he is in the android equivalent of sleep. CAMERA ROTATING and PUSHING IN on his face as we hear the overlapping sounds of VOICES from Data's past -- Picard, Riker, Troi, the Enterprise crew, aliens he's met, Data's own voice... bits and pieces of his life... The theme of the sound bites should be Data's quest for humanity: Picard giving him advice, Troi counseling him, Soong talking to his son, etc. The last line of dialogue we hear is Data saying "I want to be more human."
79) 1) dialog: is watching her intently from afar. He's concealed behind a supporting beam of one the town's many WINDMILLS. He's in shadow, hidden from Ruby's view.
79) 3) dialog: is surprised. Glances around, a little awkward. This really isn't why he came out here.
79) 5) dialog: doesn't want to look, but can't help himself...
79) 7) dialog: is a little relieved... keeps watching...
79) 9) dialog: watches, curious about what she's doing...
79) 11) dialog: steps behind the girder, stays very still in the shadows... waits quietly as Ruby passes by the windmill without a glance and heads into town. After she's gone, Picard steps out from his hiding place, watches her go, then quickly heads for Ruby's house...
80) 0) text: Picard ENTERS and closes the door behind him. It's dark. He fumbles around for a light switch... finally locates one... and a soft, golden glow fills the room. The house has only one room, which functions as a living room, kitchen, bedroom, etc. This is also Ruby's DARKROOM. The windows have been painted black, and there are photographic plates and futuristic photo- equipment all around. But the most striking feature of the house are the large, hanging cloth-printed PHOTOGRAPHS. They vary in size and shape. Some are hanging on walls, others hang from the ceiling in mid- air, still others are stacked on the few pieces of furniture that's here. The absence of paper has forced Ruby to print photos on anything she can find -- bed sheets, shirts, pieces of upholstery, backs of carpeting, etc. Picard stands there for a moment, taking in the scene -- he's never been in anyplace quite like this. The cloth photos give the room a feeling of a small, intensely personal gallery. Picard moves around the room, looking from photo to photo... hunting for the elusive shots of the missile silo... and as he does, we get our first close look at Ruby's images, and they tell us a great deal about her... She has an artistic eye for finding beauty in the mundane and the ugly. There are pictures of hope amidst despair... beauty amongst devastation. There seems to be a theme running through the photographs -- a romantic, almost idealistic sense of optimism. At one point, Picard finds a photograph he recognizes. It's the rusted-out hover car she photographed on the streets of Resurrection. It's an ugly, decrepit piece of junk... but there in the center, spot-lighted by a single ray of sunshine... is a tiny flower about to bloom. Picard takes in the image for a brief moment... then pushes onward... goes to a file of photos sitting in a box... begins sorting through them quickly... we see PRE-WAR photos printed on real paper. They show a younger Ruby with her parents... Resurrection the way it used to look... Ruby with a dog... Picard pauses, frowns... gets the odd feeling that someone is watching him. He turns around to see...
80) 26) text: A telescopic, green and white image of Picard walking away from Ruby's home.
83) 0) text: The cloth photo is hanging from a beam on the catwalk. Geordi and Picard are watching a couple of N.D.s attach the newly-built throttle assembly to the side of the ship. The N.D.s are using high-tech welding tools and sparks are flying. As they talk, they head back up the catwalk toward the control room...
84) 0) text: As Geordi and Picard ENTER. Lange is checking out a launch console. The room is now humming with power -- it's beginning to look like the place is up and running. Picard stops near the desk.
85) 0) text: Scrimm and three militia guards are huddled around a cluster of military surveillance gear, listening to Picard and Geordi's conversation. Far in the distance, we can see the missile silo.
85) 6) text: Scrimm and his men listen with growing alarm -- it sounds like Picard is planning an invasion!
86) 7) text: Picard, Geordi and Beverly are standing around Cochrane, who is sitting in a high-backed chair in a corner of the Control Room.
87) 0) text: Ruby is turning off the spigot on the filter-pump. The plastic jug is now filled with the clear fluid -- silver halide. She caps the jug, picks it up, begins walking up on the porch...then hesitates for a moment... looks out over the horizon. She hesitates... then frowns and goes inside... Ruby comes inside, sets down the jug... begins to pick up some more glass plates... stops... thinks... looks up. Only a few feet away is the large picture of Picard. She doesn't want to look at him, doesn't want to think about him... but there he is. She glances back at the open door... struggles for a moment... then makes a decision. Despite herself, she can't get Picard out of her head. With a little frustration, she grabs her camera bag and heads for the door...
93) 0) text: Quick cuts: -- Picard and Geordi strapping themselves into the Phoenix cockpit. -- In the Control Room, the Starfleet N.D.s put on 21st century headsets to communicate with the Phoenix cockpit.
95) 0) text: Picard, Geordi making final adjustments to the control panels. Both are wearing 21st century communications headsets. Picard exchanges a look with Geordi.
96) 0) text: Lange and the other N.D.s watching the countdown. Suddenly a console BUZZES. Lange goes to the monitor seen earlier, hits a switch -- the monitor comes alive, shows that Ruby is now standing outside at the hatch. Lange reacts in surprise. Picard and Geordi working the controls, watching the readings, etc. We hear Lange's com voice:
104) 0) text: Geordi and Picard exchange a tense look. Picard struggles. It's a difficult moment -- what does he do? The countdown clock is approaching 15 seconds...14... 13... Everything hangs in the balance -- Ruby's life, the future of the Earth, Picard's feelings, his duty... Finally, Picard reaches out hits a control -- the countdown clock stops at 11 seconds.
105) 0) text: Picard and Geordi stop outside the massive blast doors, which are separating them from the control room.
108) 0) text: Scrimm still has the gun on Ruby. The blast door is just being lowered, revealing Picard. Geordi has returned to the Phoenix cockpit. A console separates Picard and Scrimm.
111) 0) text: Picard still stalling for time.
116) 0) text: Geordi and Picard strapping themselves back in...
119) 0) text: Picard and Geordi's hands are flying across the controls...
126) 0) text: Picard and Geordi working the controls as the ship bounces and shakes. The g-forces push them back into their seats.
131) 0) text: As before. Picard and Geordi work the control in silence for a few moments. The ship is floating in space, now a good distance from Earth.
140) 0) text: As before, Picard is now steering the ship with a 21st century JOYSTICK CONTROL. The ship is moving faster and faster, trembling now, a ROAR building.
149) 0) text: As Picard and Geordi are slammed back into their seats and the stars WHIP PAST the windows in the familiar warp effect.
159) 6) text: Picard, Ruby and a bandaged, but much healthier Zephram Cochrane watching the landing. People from town are surging around them. Everyone is shocked and amazed at what they're seeing. Picard watches with satisfaction -- this is the moment he's been waiting for. Cochrane and Ruby are particularly awestruck.
159) 9) dialog: moves to Cochrane, takes him gently by the arm.
159) 16) text: as a HATCH opens on the Vulcan ship. The townspeople behind them react with shock and fear... a few people take a step back. Picard looks at Cochrane, who hesitates for a moment... then finally takes a deep breath... and strides out toward the alien ship. A man alone about to change the course of human history. Ruby moves closer to Picard and puts her arm around him... and he puts his arm around her.
161) 0) text: Riker, Worf, Troi, N.D.s. Picard ENTERS with Ruby. Everyone reacts to seeing her there. Ruby stays in the Turbolift, staring around the Bridge in amazement. Picard takes her hand and leads her out onto the Bridge.
167) 1) text: Picard and Ruby walk up the familiar hilltop, and when they reach the crest, we reveal...
167) 5) text: Picard, Ruby and the monument are at the gates of RESURRECTION CITY as it is in the 23rd century. This is the place where man first reached out to the stars, and the architecture has a distinctive uplifting feeling -- spires reaching up toward the sky. Shuttlecraft and aircars are taking off and landing. The tiny Western town is now a thriving, futuristic METROPOLIS. As Picard and Ruby walk towards the city hand-in- hand... FADE TO BLACK. ROLL CREDITS