32) 0) text: The bungalow was originally designed for lab science: glass-encased cupboards, a caged white lab rat on a side counter, an 8' by 3' counter top (island) at the front of the room, including a built-in sink and butane gas valve. Students crowd the opened windows on the far side of the room. The chaotic atmosphere centers around one student... Benny Chacon (18), the tagger we met earlier. Trevor's back to square one. He struggles with trepidation as he steps into the doorway of the bungalow and hesitates. A young black girl, LAKESIA STEWART (16), stands near the doorway. She cradles a realistic looking E.N.A.B.L. baby (Education Now And Babies Later).
34) 2) dialog: No speaky Engless. (CONTINUED)
34) 5) dialog: You speak Spanish, Mister... Whas yer name?
34) 7) dialog: -+. You speak Spanish, Mister G? (as Trevor ignores the question) Eh, G... know what dat means when a homeboy calls you 'G'? Dat means gangster, homes. You a gangster, maestro?
34) 9) dialog: (xighteous indignation) Andate a la mierda. (more laughs) I ain't pickin’ dat shit up. You go pick it up. Benny now finds a seat. Trevor follows him.
34) 11) dialog: Cesar Chavez. Don't you recognize me? Class laughs. Trevor refers to the seating chart (inside the sub folder) in his hand but Benny's not sitting in his proper seat. Benny indicates a 2" by 3" monitoring device strapped to his ankle...
34) 12) dialog: See dis? I'm already on house arrest, homes. Ain't nothin' more you can do to me. (CONTINUED)
34) 17) dialog: (whirls in his seat) Shut yer mouth, hood rat! School girl bitch!
34) 19) dialog: Hey, you ain't no real teacher. Fool, you're nothin' but a sub. T'ink yer so cool... You mus' be ‘Mr. culo.' Scattered laughter. Trevor closes the sub folder and just looks at Benny.
34) 21) dialog: (reacting) Ain't none a' yer damn business. To put God on me, okay? Why don't you jus' go sit down and read yer newspaper. Wanna-be, mother fucker. (CONTINUED)
34) 25) dialog: gimme a referral. Shit. Jus Trevor turns and calmly walks back to the island counter, searches and finds a referral slip in one of the drawers, fills it out...
34) 27) dialog: Whatever you say, Opie. Benny has a smirk on his face as he sashays past Trevor with the referral slip.
40) 5) dialog: (indicates tagging) You should. You're fuckin' with my piece, puto.
40) 8) dialog: (to Cesar) Eh, shut up, mojado! (to Tagger now) Don't mess wit' me, whiteboy. I'11l cap yer ass. He pulls a .380 or a .25 automatic out of his pocket. Brandishes it at Cesar and Paco...
40) 9) dialog: I said shut up! Shut the fuck up! A BEEPER hooked on Benny's pants pocket BEEPS. Benny shuts it off. The Tagger sees his opportunity and makes a break for it. Without a second thought, Benny SHOOTS him in the leg. Tagger crumbles to the ground. Benny's really pissed now. Checks his beeper's glow-in-the-dark face for the message.
40) 10) dialog: (reacting to message) I don't have no time to put up wit' ‘dis shit! (CONTINUED)
40) 13) dialog: You think it's funny?! Benny lifts a pant leg. Indicates his ankle monitor with the barrel of his gun.
40) 14) dialog: I don't call my P.O. in 15 minutes, I'm fucked. Venting rage, Benny walks up the wounded Tagger and STARTS SHOOTING (one hand high near his face, shooting downward). Now he kisses the crucifix on his rosary like a sick, distorted affectation.
40) 15) dialog: Dis is K.O.S.' neighborhood. Cesar and Paco laugh even harder now, falling all over each other. Benny storms off. He marches past a street lamp and is swallowed up by the night.
41) 0) text: SUBJECT CAMERA FOLLOWING Benny. Oblivious that he's being followed, Benny walks at a steady pace. As we continue gaining ground on him, a SOUND UPCUT of TREVOR CALLING ROLL transports us to...
43) 0) text: An eight-year-old Hispanic kid pulls a red Flexi-Flyer wagon (laden with pop bottles and aluminum cans) across weeds and cracked earth. He suddenly stops and stares at something in the weeds. Snatches it up, studies it, and tosses it with everything else. SLOWLY MOVING IN ON the wagon now... +. thru a thin shroud of dust as it bangs and bumps along. Even CLOSER now on the last retrieved article... It's Benny's ankle monitor.