1) 0) text: VALLON strides in long measured steps. Amsterdam has trou with him. They are walking down a long corridor that's like a tunne LIGHT stain the darkness. Sometimes Amsterdam glimpses a from the gloom. Once or twice he almost stumbles over a B across his path.
3) 0) text: Jack falls into step beside VALLON and Amsterdam. He hold the dead rabbit high, next to VALLON's cross.
4) 0) text: Vast and dank, like a cavern. We start CLOSE on... ... the body of a dead rat being filled with some pieces Then a little WIDER to reveal: an eager boy, SHANG DRAPER age as Amsterdam. He drops the last few pieces of lead in the rat, then sews it closed. He hefts the animal by the as he stands up. He is near a primitive forge where a half-drunk SLACKSMIT weapons into shape and distributes them to OTHER MEN and is covered with bits of lead and steel, which Shang has b into his rat. Shang FOLLOWS the crowd of men and women with their weapo see this room full. It is huge: the main room of the Old with families huddled together for warmth and comfort, or and women, together or separately, drunk or passed out. T animals in a pit. There are sticks of furniture jammed in more often, arranged at angles in the middle of the room enclaves where the ancient brewery machinery forms irregu Above Shang's head, VALLON and his gang walk across a pla spans the room a hundred feet beneath them. Armed men and Brewery are climbing a rope ladder to join them. Shang SC them. The men and women from the Brewery fall in behind VALLON the lead. Shang SPOTS someone near his own age toward the Amsterdam. He presses through the crowd like a hunting do
4) 2) dialog: The Dead Rabbits against the Native Americans, same as ev be settled today.
4) 4) dialog: (points to rabbit on pike) What do you think?
5) 39) dialog: No! He tries to shove Monk away from his father, when the Nat intervenes.
5) 42) dialog: No, Pa!
5) 46) dialog: Get away! Get away!
5) 71) dialog: Where will my father rest?
5) 73) dialog: My father won't be buried with everyone else. He'll lie s ground, facing east.
5) 75) dialog: He'll face east for the second coming of Christ.
6) 19) dialog: I'll do for myself, Jack.
6) 23) dialog: What's the cost to bury my father proud and proper?
6) 25) dialog: How much?
6) 28) dialog: No. Amsterdam takes the knife back from Cornelius.
6) 29) dialog: That's owed another.
6) 34) dialog: Later. He turns with the plank in his hand and starts to RUN bac crowd.
6) 36) dialog: Help me. He starts to pull his fatherls body from the window.
6) 37) dialog: Come on! Help me, goddamn it! In a daze, Johnny steps forward and HELPS Amsterdam pulls the street. Now: the SOUND of WHISTLES and WHEELS and RUNNING HORSES of POLICE arrives on the scene. Behind them, the Crowd re insults. The police RUN toward the window. Mr. Cornelius dithers a the crowd. Amsterdam and Johnny exchange a look. Then Johnny RUNS fo stays with the body... ... as the cops close in, SWINGING clubs. Amsterdam's gra couple of times. The Crowd yells. A COP swings his arm ba Amsterdam a good wallop... ... and someone grabs his arm: Bill The Butcher.
6) 40) dialog: I paid Cornelius for my father to rest in honor. He told on a permit, but he only wanted time to... BILL picks up the Tammany sign from the ground.
6) 51) dialog: Amsterdam. The JAILER looks him over.
6) 53) dialog: Vallon. The JAILER writes this down with a scratchy pen.
6) 55) dialog: I told you.
6) 57) dialog: Got none.
6) 59) dialog: No more.
6) 61) dialog: (beat) City.
8) 10) dialog: But every time you bring me back... you got to come furth
8) 40) dialog: (to everyone) Push off! Or his pipe snaps! The other boys are too stunned to resist. They push the b island.
8) 41) dialog: Head straight out, then turn for the current. He pushes Shang away from him. The two boys stare at each remembering...
8) 43) dialog: Close enough.
8) 45) dialog: (casual disdain) You're lost.
8) 47) dialog: I doubt it's worth the water it's floating in.
8) 49) dialog: I'll make it back for you whatever it is, once we're in t keep sailing, or we're all done for.
8) 58) dialog: Does Shang have the sand to ever go against the Natives?
8) 60) dialog: If he only acts, held be better on the stage. (looks away) Like her. His tone of voice has changed. Jenny Everdeane passes bef ravishing. Amsterdam STARES, as if he's trying to see int Jenny pays him scant attention as she moves across the ro
8) 62) dialog: Shes his mort, is she, as well as his best provider?
8) 67) dialog: Yeah? And why is that?
8) 69) dialog: I mean, why give at all? Why don't they keep for themselv
8) 71) dialog: I got no place anyway, and you got no gang. This ain't a what you say. It's a mob. There's a tense hush in the grubby room. Shang takes his Jenny, wanting to be restrained.
8) 76) dialog: Still smiling, are you?
8) 78) dialog: I hardly knew you under that hat, Jack. By now, Jack has taken not only the cocaine, and the mone offers, but several of the purses and wallets Jenny deliv stares at him with contempt, and he laughs, tossing one o at her.
8) 81) dialog: Is that sand we've just seen?
8) 85) dialog: I've got my own way to go, why don't you find yours?
8) 88) dialog: Well, if you shut up a while maybe it'd come on its own. (he stops, looks) Now what the hell's that?
8) 99) dialog: So if Tammany's the best, go with Tammany. What are you r mob for?
8) 103) dialog: What are you thinking? Johnny shrugs, grins: he doesn't want to give anything aw understands, turns toward the Brewery.
8) 104) dialog: Let me in if you ever get it figured. Amsterdam starts toward the Old Brewery, Johnny keeping s
8) 105) dialog: I'll go on my own from here. Johnny STOPS and Amsterdam continues on by himself.
9) 0) text: Echoing. Dank. Amsterdam holds a candle high for light. R crosses the main floor, enters one of the side tunnels.
10) 0) text: A tiny room we recognize from the first scene: this is th Amsterdam lived with his father. He crouches and TEARS UP floorboards, then quickly LOWERS HIMSELF into the hole.
11) 0) text: A short tunnel under the Brewery floor, the kind a kid mi Amsterdam has trouble crawling through it. DIRT and ROCK until he finds what he wants stuck in a shallow hole; a b MONEY PURSE; and a PAPER-WRAPPED PACKAGE. Amsterdam snaps open the purse to make sure the little bi still there, then turns his attention to the package. He Inside is the PIRATE KNIFE that Bill the Butcher used to father. Amsterdam handles the knife carefully as he opens it. The makes the blade GLEAMS.
11) 28) dialog: Here. Just for the silk. He stuffs it into his pocket and starts to PUSH his way t On the platform, the WARDEN steps forward holding a primi
11) 51) dialog: May I walk with you a little, then?
11) 55) dialog: Got no one to spy for. I'm an appreciator, you might say.
11) 57) dialog: A good touch. She STOPS in the street, looks him straight in the eye.
11) 59) dialog: Just take a minute, I was Just...
11) 61) dialog: What about Shang's rules? You pay a lot over to him. The the better his. It don't seem gute right.
11) 63) dialog: Give him this. He hands her the RED SILK SCARF. She recognizes it instan one she gave Shang.
11) 64) dialog: And you can keep a little more of what you earned.
11) 66) dialog: I got my own touch.
11) 68) dialog: It's your rules, right? So you decide. She looks at him for a moment, then starts to TIE the sca neck like a kerchief.
12) 0) text: A gentlemen's WALLET skims across a pitted wooden table, Shang's hand. Jenny is giving him her CUT. He opens the w at Jenny. No more goods are forthcoming. Amsterdam, hangi them both. Shang SEES the RED SILK SCARF, tied around her neck.
12) 17) dialog: It should be hangin' off Jack's vest, then. Not here, lik
12) 19) dialog: If it's free, how come we pay so much? Wo shouldn't pay f
12) 23) dialog: So then. He reaches for the watch.
12) 37) dialog: Hello, Happy Jack. I'm the one you're looking for.
12) 44) dialog: (very quietly)  Never mind giving orders. What were you giving this for? 
12) 46) dialog: I got this at the hanging. It was Charles McGloin's. Ever you take it from Jenny. What was MCGloin doing with it? W to him for?
12) 48) dialog: I gaw you give it to him. Last week, behind the Old Brewe
12) 50) dialog: What about stepping up in the world, as it were, and leav us behind. There's a reason. Making a separate arrangemen with the one Native so stupid and luckless that he got hu the ground, Shang.
12) 52) dialog: Bene. We'll see. Any of you that believes I did proper by Mulraney tonight, stand beside me. Any of you that still with the cops, and Shang's way with the Natives, go to hi (to Shang) Or should we settle right now, you and me, and just see w left standing?
12) 54) dialog: What's your pleasure, Shang? One of the YOUNG BOYS has a dead rat blackjack hanging fr Shang grabs it. He BITES the head oft the rat and spits i Amsterdam. Amsterdam almost smiles at him. Shang sneers, the rat, and LEAVES.
12) 55) dialog: This mob ever have a proper name?
12) 57) dialog: We're the Dead Rabbits from now. They were the best. They They were legend, and we'll live up to them.
12) 60) dialog: What's this then?
12) 65) dialog: Maybe I was, yeah.
12) 67) dialog: Sure enough to wait, anyway. Waiting don't cost nothing.
12) 69) dialog: Alright. He sweeps the coat away from her body, allowing her to le
12) 71) dialog: Stay then. (beat; smile) One way or another, I get what I want.
12) 73) dialog: You're a gypsy, are you, come to tell my fortune? Go ahea what I'm wanting.
12) 75) dialog: It's just I can't look away, that's all.
12) 77) dialog: Bill Poole.
12) 79) dialog: 'Cause he's mine, that's why. I'll take his one eye, and him, piece by small piece.
12) 81) dialog: He'll know about me soon enough.
12) 83) dialog: You.
12) 85) dialog: You'll be in love with me.
12) 87) dialog: That's taking love, not giving it. I want it to be just y else for either.
12) 89) dialog: 'Cause none of us means nothing in life except one to the
12) 91) dialog: We'll see. Jenny pulls the coat tighter around her.
12) 93) dialog: And what about the meantime?
12) 99) dialog: The Irish is too busy building up Tammany. That's where t muscle goes. Once they're inside with their cronies, they own outside. Tammany'd steal the air and rent the dayligh
12) 102) dialog: I ain't seen their ned yet. Johnny stops walking, betraying slight annoyance that he the day's deal.
12) 105) dialog: Yeah? Well, it's ned anyway. Just make sure you count it
12) 108) dialog: Not for a minute. We're better than that. We're thieves.
12) 124) dialog: Once? Come here and do your duty. Amsterdam GRABS him and SLAMS him down in a chair.
12) 127) dialog: (barking orders) Line up like soldiers!
12) 129) dialog: (To Johnny) You explain their democratic right. Illl see they unterst Amsterdam GRABS the nearest two CHINESE by their PIGTAILS HURLS them against the wall.
13) 0) text: Amsterdam and the Rabbits PROWL the murky darkness where in bunks stacked high against the walls. The Rabbits star rounding up the Opium Eaters. Jimmy Spoils SLINGS a coupl shoulder like flour sacks. Amsterdam SHOVES two more out admiring Daniel Killoran.
13) 2) dialog: Who the hell's this?
13) 5) dialog: (With an edge) Our own Tammany man. We are coming along. Happy to meet a Johnny Siroccols.
13) 7) dialog: Best but one? Who's better? Killoran looks up. Johnny, standing behind Amsterdam, SHA VIGOROUSLY. Killoran gets the message.
13) 9) dialog: I'm in no race. Just pay us what you owe.
14) 12) dialog: (enjoying himself) Come on, what are you saying? If you don't know us now, y tomorrow and you'll be working for us next week.
14) 16) dialog: The hell we do.
14) 21) dialog: Second, eh? You don't say so.
14) 23) dialog: What?
14) 25) dialog: (to Johnny, glaring) Did you know this? Is this some scheme of yours?
14) 27) dialog: I was working the same side as the Natives? The Natives?
14) 29) dialog: I sure as hell don't fear him. And I sure as hell won't s any who calls him one of theirs.
14) 31) dialog: Where is he? Where's Bill the Butcher?
15) 0) text: As a CHINESE ACROBAT TWIRLS in the air, off the stage, an middle of the audience. The crowd is raucously appreciati does GYMNASTIC MOVES among them... ... past a table where the Dead Rabbits have settled. it evening, and everyone has been drinking. Amsterdam, sullen, intense, WATCHES ... ..Bill the Butcher, across the room. He is like a prince pays him court, including several uniformed COPS, TAMMANY NEWSPAPERMEN. Bill receives the attention as his due.... ... while Amsterdam keeps watching, contempt and hatred g eye. He pays attention to none of the gang around, includ takes advantage of the situation.
15) 11) dialog: What?
15) 13) dialog: Fine. Why?
15) 15) dialog: This is no game, you and me. Don't go on like it's a game
15) 24) dialog: Mr. Poole! Bill turns, searching out the voice ...
15) 25) dialog: Bill Poole! And SEES Amsterdam, standing at his own table. His attitu smiling, respectful. But his eyes are demonic.
15) 26) dialog: My compliments on your exhibition, sir.
15) 28) dialog: It was like watching a dance. (Bill nods his thanks) Some great grand goddamned dance. (Bill looks at him more You know me, sir.
15) 30) dialog: No. A father. The laughter turns a little uneasy. Bill the Butcher size man.
15) 32) dialog: Amsterdam.
15) 34) dialog: Indeed. (they drink) And to my other name. Vallon. Will you drink to that?
15) 36) dialog: Not worthy of you. Those dogs ain't worthy of you. You ai they feed on, and what they shit's too good for you. DEAD QUIET. Absolute. Breathless. Only the Chinese Gamble fan-tan ignore this confrontation.
15) 38) dialog: I got to give you something, Butcher. Something from my f Amsterdam PULLS OUT the piratels knife which Bill the But his father almost 12 years before.
15) 40) text: And Amsterdam THROWS the knife, the bright blade FLASHING like lightning. And just as quickly the Buitcher PICKS UP his table, send flying and breaking, using it as a SHIELD... ... and the knife THUMPS into it dead center. The Butcher at Amsterdam...sending PATRONS yelling and SCATTERING. Amsterdam LEAPS out of the way of the table, then RUNS AT Butcher... ... who's already coming for him. As they CLASH and GRAPP other... ... PATRONS all over the Pagoda crowd around for a good v and start to MAKE BETS on the outcome. The odds do not fa And neither does the fight. Amsterdam fights with real bl doesn't have the Butcher's skill, or experience, or dispa the Butcher's CLINCH... HITS him once in the face... then ... and then gets FLOORED by a well placed kick. The Crow And, on the second floor, Jenny and Johnny come out of th arranging her clothes, Jenny looks over the gallery rail below, sees the fight... and starts to RUN down the stair her go ... looks at the fight again, for a second... then the main floor. The Butcher is on top of Amsterdam now. He HITS him upsid the wood and brass handle of his cleaver. Then hits him a In the Crowd now, Jenny finds Sheeny Mike.
15) 75) dialog: No thanks.
15) 77) dialog: No. I'm beholden enough to you as it is. I don't like to
15) 79) dialog: I'd like it if there was.
15) 81) dialog: A collaboration. The Dead Rabbits got to get strong befor move. I figure you're the one to make us strong. There's learn from you.
15) 83) dialog: The Dead Rabbits is going to be glorious again. We're goi the Points.
15) 85) dialog: Nothing. They won't have tongues left to speak.
15) 87) dialog: Then you say no? Monk SIGHS and points to a huge WAR CLUB which hangs in a above the shop mirror. It has deep marks running along it
15) 90) dialog: Everything I got is still to come. So I guess it's on my
15) 92) dialog: Bound to. As he shuts the door of the shop, Monk Eastman gestures t Whiskerandos for another hot towel.
16) 2) dialog: Are they coming?
16) 5) dialog: Indeed they are, just for the moment. Let them come. Happ Everyone's welcome in a house of God, isn't that right, R
16) 9) dialog: But if the Natives do come, Father...
16) 11) dialog: ... there's no accounting for what may follow.
16) 19) dialog: So you accept?
16) 21) dialog: You accept to be my mort and no one else's.
16) 23) dialog: (going along with the joke) It's not the Butcher, it's the dancing. It shifts my face
16) 25) dialog: I will if we're together later. (she smiles) And what about after that? After tonight?
16) 27) dialog: I'll have tonight. But after this don't come to me no mor ready. No more. His eyes, in the candlelight, show both his love and his NODS and they DANCE AWAY ... ... losing themselves now among the dancers, all moving a candles. As they dance, their movement becomes SPLIT, SEQ in motion like an old Gjon Mili photograph. Their bodies YELLOW LIGHT ACROSS the screen like the tail of a comet.
16) 31) dialog: Who is it?
16) 33) dialog: Come on in.
16) 35) dialog: Just a damn minute. AMSTERDAM comes to the door, half-dressed and sleepy. We on the floor inside.
16) 36) dialog: What do you want?
16) 40) dialog: Oh, Jesus, Johnny, I'm tired. How about sometime else?
16) 42) dialog: You want to tell me what this fight's over? Is it The But (Johnny turns, determined) Alright, alright. Then tell me why like this?
16) 46) dialog: Satisfied?
16) 48) dialog: Enough. Johnny won't stop: he throws a punch that Amsterdam can s away. But he's too tired too duck; or maybe he's just fed punch and FALLS on his back.
16) 49) dialog: That's it then.
16) 51) dialog: Goddamn it. Amsterdam HEAVES Johnny off and pops him a solid SWIPE to does it. Lights out. Johnny falls unconscious into the sl pier. The Orphan Pack keeps staring from the shadow with their Still silent. Amsterdam STRUGGLES to his feet, stops at t to get a handful of water to revive himself. Then he look unconscious friend.
16) 52) dialog: Goddamn you anyway. He grabs Johnny's body by the shoulders and pulls him to He gets some water on his hand, lets it drip over Johnny' away a little of the blood. Not enough. He draws some mor it gently onto Johnny's face. CLOSE: on the motion of his hand. It is nearly gentle.
16) 65) text: HOLDS OUT the bloody war club in front of him... straight him... POINTING IT right at Amsterdam.
19) 22) dialog: Johnny worked it out to a nickel less than the Natives. J established. Then we raise it a penny more than now.
19) 24) dialog: You say, then.
19) 27) dialog: (to Jenny) Except us. You opening a charity?
19) 29) dialog: They can afford it.
19) 34) dialog: From the Natives, maybe. But not from us.
19) 38) dialog: You only pay us. We see you safe from everyone. Johnny has been watching the drunk bothering Emma Loss. W anything to Amsterdam or Mother Joyce, Johnny LEAVES the to the drunk and SHOVES him away.
19) 42) dialog: (watching this) Maybe I should offer Johnny as a bouncer for your busy ni
19) 44) dialog: He's got his own ideas. Too full of Tammany, maybe, but h Across the room, Johnny is talking to Emma Loss. She NODS LEAD him upstairs.
21) 0) text: Another room. Amsterdam and Megs are undressing each othe walks in.
21) 1) dialog: Go on. I can see you later. Megs leaves, brushing past Jenny.
21) 3) dialog: I couldn't decline what Mother Joyce offered. It's in the business. You understand business.
21) 5) dialog: Yeah. I did. She HITS him. In the face. Hard. Not a slap. A solid PUNC starts to gush blood. He puts his arm under it to staunch keeping his eyes an her.
21) 7) dialog: Oh fine. That's fine. I'd be celebrating but I'm losing t Jenny tears part of the sleeve from her blouse and puts i nose.
21) 9) dialog: That don't work.
21) 11) dialog: (as she tends to him) So why so sudden, then?
21) 13) dialog: It's the whore did it, then.
21) 15) dialog: It's because you're jealous.
21) 17) dialog: Christ, I wish I had. Come here, then. He reaches to pull her down on the bed.
22) 0) text: The room where Johnny fetched Amsterdam out for the fight Jenny have just made love.
22) 2) dialog: I don't care, I'm not getting up.
22) 4) dialog: What?
22) 6) dialog: Or you don't wake up at all.
22) 8) dialog: It's not a threat. (no teasing now) It's a declaration of love.
22) 10) dialog: What's this? Where'd you get this?
22) 14) dialog: What is this place?
22) 17) dialog: I don't see nobody.
22) 21) dialog: You're off your head.
22) 27) dialog: It's a lot to fence.
22) 29) dialog: Where would that be?
22) 31) dialog: That's a hard journey for a woman alone.
22) 33) dialog: You got it all planned and straight, is that it?
22) 35) dialog: Nothing. Except there's no place but here for me right no settle things.
22) 37) dialog: You don't have my obligations.
22) 41) dialog: Who from?
22) 46) dialog: You live here?
22) 48) dialog: I mean in the city. A ways north, I'll bet.
22) 54) dialog: Some of who?
22) 58) dialog: No danger. But you will pay extra. (turns; to gang) Let's go and greet some Natives. Under SCATTERED RIFLE FIRE and a barrage of ROCKS, the GA building, charging inside and starting up the ladder as i attacking a medieval fortress. ARMS reach out from window them off. The Rabbits respond with knives and PISTOL SHOT inside, the CAMERA RISES to an OVERHEAD shot and we ...
22) 61) dialog: (to Gents) Alright, then?
22) 63) dialog: Oh really? Just the entertainment you favor, is it? Pardo moment, gents. (he turns to Jenny) You wanted to settle, you and me. That's so, isn't it? Yo you not.
22) 65) dialog: Good, because I didn't want to act hasty. I can never tel you're thinking, and sometimes I'm not always sure what y
22) 67) dialog: (to Gent 2) Excuse me. We'll conclude in a moment. (back to Jenny) Where do you settle?
22) 69) dialog: I'm asking, where does anyone settle?
22) 71) dialog: A home yes.
22) 73) dialog: (ignoring him) Well, I'm saying to you then, Jenny Everdeane, welcome ho No one sees it coming. Amsterdam FLASHES around, swinging rifle into Gent l's midsection, doubling him over and sen breathless to the ground. Amsterdam SPINS again and swing Gent 2's face, knocking him cold.
22) 74) dialog: Fine place. Room enough for all. (to Johnny) Get them out of here.
22) 76) dialog: With whose help? The Natives? They won't help these flour even for ned. (to Jenny) Tell any who wants they can stay. If they can't pay rent gang. But make sure the best rooms go to us. Look around
23) 0) text: As Jenny leads Amsterdam through a narrow tunnel. The pla weird catacomb: it is narrow and dank, filled with bones of the two- and four-legged variety.
23) 5) dialog: You trusting me with your treasure, then?
23) 8) dialog: I could use this, too. From the bag he holds up a small GOLD CROSS.
23) 10) dialog: Are you sure we can trust your mother?
24) 16) dialog: He never had his own cross. Thanks. Now he STANDS and TURNS. Jenny is half-hidden behind an e
24) 17) dialog: Your touch is light, but as a tracker you work awful heav Now that I met your mother, you should come and meet my f As Jenny starts to WALK towards the grave, we see for the ... that we are in the country, a graveyard in an open fi astonishing PANORAMA of New York and the East River. (MAT is atop a hill, and the East River, busy with ferries and trade, glistens in the near distance. Just beyond it is M low buildings, winding narrow streets, houses surrounded BREEZE off the river rustles Jenny's dress and blows her up to the grave site, looks at the headstone and sees ... ... it is blank. No name, no date. Clean stane.
24) 19) dialog: It'll be finished when everything's finished. That's when hand that killed him is the hand that will bury him in pe He holds up his open hand, covered in dirt.
24) 21) dialog: With my hand on the knife.
24) 23) dialog: And me feeling the life go out of my father! He looked at at me and he swore me with his eyes. I could feel his spi could feel it rising... flowing through the knife like bl heart.
24) 25) dialog: I don't want him to live, I want him dead! I kill Bill an them both!
24) 27) dialog: You're part of me now, like the gang is part of me and my I can bring us to glory, then my father... like The Book can enter his house justified. As Amsterdam continues to talk we ...
24) 30) dialog: All of us is set on the same road together. The gang can they ever wanted and get me what I want while they're doi interfering with each other, we're helping each other. It we're all one together. We CONTINUE with sepia illustrations: of Dead Rabbit mort and purses along a crowded Broadway; climbing onto a wago newspapers and tossing off the occupants, taking over the themselves; swarming all over a merchant ship in the harb doles out protection money to have his cargo unloaded.
24) 31) dialog: We'll all have a share of the profit like we'll all have fame. If we come to be notorious, that only means we're s we're strong that means we're ready. A sepia illustration of a fire wagon rounding a corner, r manned by Rabbits, all wearing striking uniforms with sho TAMLAS. (N.B.: they will be seen wearing the tanlas from during all gang activity throuqhout the rest of the film. Amsterdam and Jenny do not wear them.) The sepia illustration turns to live action as the fire w Paradise Square, SCATTERING everyone in its path, the Dea laughing, their tamlas FLYING behind them.
24) 32) dialog: And I'll know that time, know it right off when it comes. you. The live action DISSOLVES TO... ... the last image in the montage: an ILLUSTRATION of Ams half-decade older, turned out in fancy clothes, but with fierceness intact. This is a magazine illustration, and t headline over his picture: "Fresh Scourge of the Five Poi reads "June, 1863.11
24) 36) dialog: Now! Finish him now! Far up the sparkling Hudson, a RAFT floats slowly upstrea thing (perhaps half a city block in size) crowded with SP form a LARGE RING around two mammoth PRIZEFIGHTERS who ar bare knuckles. Amsterdam and Johnny are among the spectat
24) 42) dialog: Because there's never been a Dead Rabbit fighting before.
24) 44) dialog: There'll be worse than shaming. We only got the Natives i It's time to squeeze the trigger, John. The next round begins and the Fighters set to, MAULING ea furiously.
24) 46) dialog: That don't matter any more.
24) 49) dialog: (indicates Fighter 1) You call that strong, John? In the ring, a couple of agitated NATIVE AMERICANS are tr the Rabbit-sponsored winner. RABBITS start to RUSH the ri WAVES them back.
24) 50) dialog: (to Johnny) This is our time now!
24) 53) dialog: (interrupting, emphasizing) To the death. If he can stand up to it.
24) 59) dialog: Come on, Bill! Let go of your Tammany wet nurse! My chall
24) 63) dialog: I remember it better from another time. He takes the Butcher's hand. The duel is on.
25) 0) text: START CLOSE ON: money being counted out: $300. And a RECE written and given. We think at first this must be a bet b duel between Amsterdam and Bill the Butcher- But we go WIDER to reveal: an office, tables and chairs, lines, in fact. One, very long, filled with young man. An very short, in which a CLERK is handing the receipt to a MAN.
26) 30) dialog: He wasn't Tammany. Not like you.
26) 32) dialog: You don't know what you're saying! You killed one of our family!
27) 5) dialog: Nobody. This is a day of honor. No pickpockets, no lush-r
27) 21) dialog: (watching lion) That must be the vanguard of Barnum's army.
27) 23) dialog: Then we'll take what we can before it gets too hot.
27) 25) dialog: It'll never come to that. These people ain't gang-led and purpose. They'd rather die for themselves than the army, that's th would you do?
27) 26) dialog: Fight better and not get so mad. They're only doing what done years ago. Why'd they ever think there was another w
27) 28) dialog: What people is that? The Reverend at the mission? Boss Tw Killoran? People like Johnny Sirocco?
27) 30) dialog: Hell.
27) 32) dialog: I ain't done nothing different than what I told you, Jen.
27) 34) dialog: I don't care a fine damn about what they want! It's what won't dare harm the Points, that's all I care about! Let rest of the city into hell! It's another country anyway.
27) 36) dialog: Not now.
27) 38) dialog: I don't want all this fighting to go to waste, Jen. I wan it with something. And I got to be waiting for the Butche
28) 20) dialog: No we ain't going to fight, but we can take something for this.
28) 22) dialog: Five thousand people in the street done it! Boss Tweed do Lincoln done it! There's nothing you can do about any one with us. You'll have a little of your own back.
28) 24) dialog: These riots are a gift. They... ... he PAUSES just for a moment as he sees a hand on the outside ladder leading to the roof: it's Jenny, returning
28) 25) dialog: ... they've made everything clear, as you might say. (to Jenny) Are you with us, then?
28) 27) dialog: Good. We're going for the Armory at Canal Street.
28) 29) dialog: There's a way through the lines. Jen, did you see the cop
28) 31) dialog: We'll get there first. We'll take everything we can carry rest so no one else has the use of it, the militia, the N Then we'll turn to real business. We'll go down to the Ba
28) 33) dialog: No. But we could, after this. We're going... (slowly, savoring this) ...we're going to take the banks. The government banks. (awed silence from all) Are we not?
29) 1) dialog: Let him in. Johnny enters the common room of Jaccb's Ladder, where th have gathered to ready themselves. As they work over thei prepare battle dress, Johnny walks through their midst. T acknowledge him... except for Jenny.
29) 4) dialog: (rising to meet him) Are you here to spy?
29) 7) dialog: You don't know what I'm doing.
29) 9) dialog: Am I now? Why do you think that?
29) 11) dialog: No more. And it don't seem worth a visit to tell me somet think I'm doing.
29) 13) dialog: (disbelieving) Who could Tweed get to do that?
29) 15) dialog: There's no one around him...
29) 17) dialog: Chance of what?
29) 19) dialog: And what's any of it mean to you?
29) 21) dialog: I'm going to lose nothing. (beat) If you believe me, you can stay.
30) 0) text: ... Amsterdam's face, full of resolve, staring unblinking ... the barrels of two dozen RIFLES SURROUND the edges th Amsterdam in, as if his head were in a frame. And Bill the Butcher gazes at him with astonishment. We a time, in the Natives' lair, a house hung with American fl and vintages, some of them torn by battle, others by year use. Some of them go back to the early days of the republ an inch of wood or wall space to be seen for all the star
30) 2) dialog: Then you better learn to fight locking over your shoulder that's the only way you'll ever see it coming.
30) 4) dialog: One reason. You're my kill, Butcher. No one else is going Tweed, not Tammany, not those pigs in the street. No one- Bill--will ever take the pleasure of your death away from anything to keep you for my own, even if I have to protec
30) 6) dialog: Fine, so long as I pass you on my way.
30) 8) dialog: Someone I credit.
30) 10) dialog: You join with me and we fight against Tammany, fight them the Points. Then you and me can settle. But if you don't then there won't be no settlement because you'll be murde and the whole Points will be mine.
30) 12) dialog: Why don't I make it easy for you, then. He TURNS his back on the Butcher and starts to walk out, entire gang of Natives.
30) 13) dialog: Same as you're making it easy for Tweed. He keeps walking... through the Natives ... dozens of anc glowering at him.
31) 0) text: ....Amsterdam walking. But this time, he is WALKING among the Dead Rabbits are assembled, weapons ready. Jenny is b Jimmy Spoils. Then a few others. As the group passes, others STAND and walk with them... ... until the whole gang is rallied... ... and bound for the passageway in the corner of the roo under the building.
32) 0) text: As Amsterdam and the gang heads through the catacomb-like the graves, into a tunnel. Torchlight GUTTERS all around. like repeated rifle shots.
33) 0) text: The whole gang MARCHES down a tunnel under the Old Brewer Amsterdam and Jenny, they all wear their tamlas. Many hav insignia on their faces. All of them have weapons. A lot Frightened FACES--people seeking shelter and safety from in the darkness, then vanish like ghosts. As the Rabbits walk, they summon memories of the first fi march through the tunnels when Amsterdam marched beside h Amsterdam's face gives little away. But perhaps he is rem too.
34) 3) dialog: Where's the Native Americans?
34) 5) dialog: And the militia?
34) 8) dialog: That's why he sent us.
34) 15) dialog: Help us, we got wounded!
34) 17) dialog: Open the damn doors then! We're bad hurt!
34) 19) dialog: Just behind us! But I got our major here wounded so bad h out! Guard 1 SIGNALS for the doors to be opened to the Armory draws close to the emplacement.
34) 21) dialog: Likewise. Ainsterdam SHOOTS him where he stands as the Rabbits OVER emplacement.
34) 22) dialog: (shouting) Move fast! We got to get out with everything we can befor gets here! As the Armory Guards return fire, the Boy Jenny carried i scene RUNS for the telegraph pole and starts to CLIMB. A wood fly inches from his face... ... as the Rabbits storm into the Armory, FIRING wildly. The Boy reaches the top of the telegraph pole and CUTS th shinnies back down the pole as the wire SWINGS ineffectua and we ...
35) 21) dialog: Go on, then, talk.
35) 23) dialog: (beat) Come ahead then. And bring my friend's body. Bill the Butcher SLINGS Johnny's body over his shoulder a were an empty sack of flour... ... and starts walking thraugh the lines toward the Armor watches in disbelief, the Natives in confusion. The Dead Butcher in their sights. But no one fires. No one moves. And Bill the Butcher enters the front doors of the Armory
35) 27) dialog: Tammany's put us all in the same place. You want to get o
35) 29) dialog: I don't want to lose you so easy. You'll never get past t you come with the Dead Rabbits.
35) 31) dialog: I'm not forgetting where I put it.
35) 33) dialog: What's your call, Bill?
35) 37) dialog: Go ahead them, give them cover! Give them some damn cover The Rabbits are so stunned to be fighting on the same sid enemies that, even with Amsterdam's order, no one makes a Amsterdam who FIRES the first shots. And that unleashes a from the Armory... ... toward the militia. The Butcher and the Natives are closer to the Armory now. doors start to open... ... when a MILITIA LIEUTENANT SIGNALS ... ... and MILITIA on the surrounding roofs, waiting for thi suddenly open fire...on the Natives below and on the Rabb of the armory. Many drop in the street and fall from the ... as the Armory doors SWING WIDE to admit the Natives. stagger inside, the Rabbits start to close the doors. Som down by the fire from the rooftops. Other Natives never m doors. And a few are shot... ... when the doors close before they can get through.
35) 41) dialog: Whose gang might it be?
35) 43) dialog: Which way you pointing that?
35) 46) dialog: Who do you want to fight, Bill? Amsterdam MOTIONS toward the rear wall and Jimmy swings t Everything surrounding them is MOVEMENT and COMMOTION as members of both gangs TAKE whatever weapons they can carr stockpile... ... and Jenny steps forward with a torch, LIGHTING the fu cannon... ... which ROARS and BLOWS a huge hole in the rear wall of
35) 47) dialog: (to Bill the Butcher) See you in the street. The gang members RUSH for the opening, carrying whatever Outside, the MILITIA LIEUTENANT hears the cannon blast... to the front of the building... and SIGNALS for a frontal Armory. HIGH ANGLE FROM ABOVE, CAMERA MOVING as the militia CHARG them forward, then moving ahead to the Armory ... SHOOTING straight down inside (no roof or ceiling) as through the still-smoldering hole in the wall ... ... and drop twenty feet to an alley below... ... where militia on the roof try to pick them off. As th closer from the front, gang defenses start to fall back i Everyone wants to get through that hole. Amsterdam, Jenny, Jimmy Spoils and some of the other gang carrying TORCHES. Jenny HANDS a torch to the Butcher. Ams them all toward the back of the Armory. But he stays behind. Just for a moment. He BENDS over the Johnny Sirocco, ARRANGES it, folding JOHNNY'S HANDS acros
35) 48) dialog: You'll have a warrior's funeral anyway, John. He STANDS and RUNS for the hole in the wall, where Jenny stand waiting. He TURNS, takes a last look inside the Armory. The militi DOWN the front doors. Then he raises his TORCH over his h it through the air. Jenny and the others do the same. His single torch BLAZES a path of light across the screen JOINING it, make a fiery CONSTELLATION.
35) 52) dialog: But you and me ain't settled.
35) 54) dialog: Then let's start over. Bill the Butcher looks tired, sorrowful. He BURIES his fa arms. And for a moment we think he has given everything u MOVES toward him, throu