5) 15) dialog: On the challenge of the Native Americans, to settle for g holds sway.
5) 17) dialog: By the ancient laws of combat, we offer our bodies to the warriors who have gone before us. Valor is avid for glory our wounds.
5) 19) dialog: Whoever fights untouched in battle has skill, but the war wounded has been touched by God.
5) 21) dialog: It was God gave me guidance. Will you be able to look on like a gladiator, and not look away? No honorable man tur his death.
5) 23) dialog: There is another matter.
5) 25) dialog: No Native American Warrior will dishonor himself with the halt and maimed.
5) 27) dialog: So we would like to know whether Squire Jack Mulraney of can smile out of both sides of his face. A pause of a single second. Then HAPPY JACK takes the dea tip of his pike and hurls it across the square. It lands BUTCHER's feet. In a flash, BILL THE BUTCHER opens his coat. Inside, on a carries a CLEAVER, a CARVING KNIFE and other instruments trade, all stained with blood and gristle. Now the MAN st him removes the broad BELT from around his coat. The bras sharpened to a point, the leather studded with glass. The gallery of Street Kids tenses for action: they are th VALLON reaches up to the CROSS, pulls off the top piece, underneath, a gleaming sword point. He folds the arms of like the blades of a jackknife.
5) 31) dialog: You need a weapon? Use a knife. He puts the struggling boy's hand on the hilt of the knif Butcher sunk into his father's chest.
5) 32) dialog: It makes a deeper cut. And, HIS HAND GUIDING THE BOY'S, he RAMS his knife deep i heart.
5) 33) dialog: Say a benediction, Priest. VALLON bellows in agony. Amsterdam screams at the very sa cry mingling with his fatherls tearing through the air.
5) 34) dialog: (to Amsterdam) Hold this close to mind, boy, should you ever think of go the Native Americans. Bill the Butcher rises and all around him, as if on some signal, the fighting subsides. A DEAD RABBIT sees the fal a battered brass HORN from his belt and sounds THREE NOTE sharp. As the notes fade away, the fighting stops complet
5) 35) dialog: (announcing) Ears and noses will be trophies of the day. The Rabbits SCAMPER to collect their dead and wounded bef can get to them to slice off the battle souvenirs. But th corpses maimed. The Street Kids DISPERSE. The main battle Natives have clearly carried the day. The Rabbits file past Vallon, rorming a protective CIRCLE Amsterdam kneels at his side. Vallon tries to speak. Bloo throat.
6) 12) dialog: Tomorrow your cortege will cross Paradise Square, into te by the Native Americans. You will be permitted undisputed ways. That is our tribute. After that, any Rabbits wishin Native Americans and willing to swear blood loyalty will others will be dispatched. He starts out of the silent room, but STOPS when he sees looking at him with easy interest. Bill the Butcher STARES him down, but Monk's gaze never wavers.
6) 13) dialog: I'll expect you first.
6) 15) dialog: You saw us fight today. You know we can pay any price.
6) 17) dialog: We'll see. Independence is a slippery thing. But being a that's dead dangerous. Bill brushes past Monk and leaves, followed by the NATIVE Now the RABBITS file out, with Monk among them.
6) 38) dialog: Easy, crusher. What's this all about?
6) 41) dialog: Make another Arrangement, looks like. For advertising. (to cop) Better go along. I'll see to all this.
6) 43) dialog: Take the little malefactor. The Cops YANK the wildly flailing Amsterdam to his feet a to their wagon. Bill The Butcher approaches Cornelius.
6) 44) dialog: Give the boy what he paid for.
7) 2) dialog: You come into the Five Points and you stole from me.
7) 4) dialog: You stole Vallon. He was my kill. My example, of my power and made him yours.
7) 6) dialog: Thank you. Just listen good. The Native Americans holds t We have prevailed. What you do outside the Points is your Outside is your city. Inside the Points is mine. Anyone w different, or does different, or thinks different... (smiles) ... theylll draw my unwelcame attention. You understand?
7) 10) dialog: (turns now) You just stay out of my place.
7) 12) dialog: It's good work.
7) 14) dialog: You wouldn't be talking to me otherwise.
7) 19) dialog: We work for no one.
7) 21) dialog: Maybe you Tammany boys should do your own lifting and car work. Might build you up.
7) 23) dialog: Then get cops to do it.
7) 25) dialog: Appearance means nothing.
7) 27) dialog: If you can talk plain, maybe we can do business.
11) 0) text: A short tunnel under the Brewery floor, the kind a kid mi Amsterdam has trouble crawling through it. DIRT and ROCK until he finds what he wants stuck in a shallow hole; a b MONEY PURSE; and a PAPER-WRAPPED PACKAGE. Amsterdam snaps open the purse to make sure the little bi still there, then turns his attention to the package. He Inside is the PIRATE KNIFE that Bill the Butcher used to father. Amsterdam handles the knife carefully as he opens it. The makes the blade GLEAMS.
11) 15) dialog: I know. Scotchy's a good man.
11) 17) dialog: I can't do that. No matter what he steals, I still get mo any two others. As do you.
11) 19) dialog: (beat) Charles McGloin will do.
15) 0) text: As a CHINESE ACROBAT TWIRLS in the air, off the stage, an middle of the audience. The crowd is raucously appreciati does GYMNASTIC MOVES among them... ... past a table where the Dead Rabbits have settled. it evening, and everyone has been drinking. Amsterdam, sullen, intense, WATCHES ... ..Bill the Butcher, across the room. He is like a prince pays him court, including several uniformed COPS, TAMMANY NEWSPAPERMEN. Bill receives the attention as his due.... ... while Amsterdam keeps watching, contempt and hatred g eye. He pays attention to none of the gang around, includ takes advantage of the situation.
15) 18) dialog: Evening, sir. Are you prepared to be celebrated? Are you famous?
15) 20) dialog: Just a moment of your time. My men will assist you. They do quite a bit more than that: they GRAB the Groper the floor. In the crowd, one SPECTATOR turns to his compa
15) 22) dialog: (in full control) What's it so quiet for? I don't need quiet. The Chinese opera MUSIC commences with a dissonant CRASH. ... and Bill catches the cleaver again. But EVERY TIME he every time he catches it by its handle ... ... he also MOVES CLOSER to the terrified Groper. Now... very close... he gives the cleaver a mighty toss ... ... sending it SPINNING high in the air... up past the ca second-floor gallery, jammed with appreciative spectators SLOWS ... seems to HANG in the air... then starts its des ... FALLING FASTER... towards Bill's waiting, STEADY HAND The Groper SCREAMS in fear. Bill SMILES confidently, hold until ... just as smoothly, just as confidently... ... he PULLS his hand AWAY and the cleaver FALLS with ter the SPLAYED HAND of the Groper, cleanly SEVERING it at th Groper FAINTS dead away as a TREMENDOUS CHEER greets Bill One of the Natives TOSSES Bill the severed hand. Bill SLIDES the ring off the finger and TOSSES it to the
15) 23) dialog: There's for your beauty and your song. The Dancer puts the ring on her finger and DANCES OFF. Bi hand to the floor and walks back to his table. The Crowd compliments on his dexterity, and the Knife Kids reverent Butcher's implements. Now two DOGS from the rat pit in the back room RUN throug FIGHT FRENZIEDLY over possession of the bloody hand. The Crowd PASSES the Groper overhead and WE SEE from ABOV unconscicus BODY being passed from hand to hand. The Crow wave bearing the body toward the door. The Groper's stump as he passes overhead, sprinkling drops of blood and fles sacrament. Bill approaches his table, acknowledging the continuing a about to sit down when a VOICE rises above all others.
15) 27) dialog: Thank you, sir.
15) 29) dialog: Do I? Are you missing a finger? Appreciative laughter from the crowd.
15) 31) dialog: Do you have a name?
15) 33) dialog: That's a New York name. (suddenly smiles) shall we drink to it?
15) 35) dialog: Priest Vallon's son? (Amsterdam nods) Of course I'll drink to that. Your father was a worthy ma
15) 37) dialog: What do you want, boyo?
15) 39) dialog: You got the sand to draw a blade in front of me? You will Come ahead and give it here, you son of a bitch.
15) 46) dialog: What do you say? Loin or shank? Rib or chop? The Crowd YELLS their choices. Jenny tries to PLUNGE thro Amsterdam, but a HALF-DOZEN MORTS and WHORES put hands on back.
15) 47) dialog: Come on, let me hear you! (the Crowd yells louder) You're all talking at once, I can't hear you! (a near frenzy) I don't hear the choicest cut! The best, the vital! (they quiet a little to listen) The heart. I think I must have the heart! This is greeted with the biggest CHEER of the night. The Mayor Wood seems to feel as if he should do something to slaughter, but Boss Tweed calms him with a single dismiss the Boss himself is excited by the prospect of this ritua
15) 48) dialog: Come on, look at it! You fancy yourself a gladiator, act (raises his cleaver) Watch the death blow when it comes to you. Go to hell wit Bill the Butcher readies himself to deliver the blow... a his wrist, STOPPING his arm. Who would dare do this to Bill the Butcher? Bill turns, i look into... ... the untroubled face of Monk Eastman.
15) 50) dialog: You got nothing to do with this, Monk.
15) 52) dialog: The hell. With his gigantic strength, Monk actually PULLS the Butch and onto his feet.
15) 56) dialog: Eastman!
15) 58) dialog: Monk Eastman! As the Rabbits CARRY Amsterdam toward the door, Monk fina attention back to Bill.
15) 59) dialog: I'll have you then!
15) 96) dialog: You sent me word.
15) 98) dialog: I keep my hands clean.
15) 100) dialog: (tense) Better be on your mark to talk like that to me. It was yo the Pagoda. I would have cut Monk inside out.
15) 102) dialog: It touches my heart how you always. have our best interes
15) 104) dialog: What?
15) 106) dialog: You're saying I can't do everything you need? You don't t has been doing good and right? You think there's somethin that I ...
15) 108) dialog: Then you should have let me have him at Sparrow's.
15) 110) dialog: He needs to be killed.
15) 116) dialog: It's Boss Tweedls offer.
15) 118) dialog: The only way we could tolerate being near each other woul out dead.
15) 123) dialog: I'll see you again, you bog Irish bastard.
16) 58) dialog: You're right enough this time, Monk. (to Don Whiskerandos) Go ahead. (the barber hesitates) Go on with your work. I'll finish my business. Don Whiskerandos picks up a pair of SCISSORS and NERVOUSL Monk's hair.
16) 60) dialog: You damn craven, do it! Bill LEAPS forward, grabs the trembling barber's arm and MONK...
16) 62) dialog: Your eyes was open for that alright. And you still got on Bill the Butcher reaches above him for Monk's war club, w wall. He grabs tight hold of it and, with Monk nearly upo viciously at Monk's head. The BLOW sends the scissor FLYI eye, with the eyeball still attached. It also SMASHES in Monk's face. He FALLS, still GRABBING desperately for the ... who now stands over him, beating him incessantly with CAVING his head in. KILLING him. Don Whiskerandos looks at Bill in a virtual paralysis of Butcher lets the CLUB FALL, reaches in his pocket and thr the barber.
16) 63) dialog: If I was you I'd use that to open in a new location. Cons The enormity of what he's done is beginning to sink in. H the shop ... but STOPS in the doorway. Outside, CITIZENS of the Points are staring at the fallen wonder. They have just witnessed a moment in history. Bill the Butcher surveys them all silently, then calls ou Whiskerandos.
16) 64) dialog: The war club. The barber steels himself to CARRY the bloody club to the hefts it slowly in his hands, in view of all. He takes a knife from his vest, and CUTS the LAST NOTCH i slowly... ... he steps down into the crowd, which PARTS before him. walks among them in regal splendor, the war club at his s gore. As the crowd falls back, Bill spots Amsterdam, Johnny and other Dead Rabbits, watching his every mave. He STOPS.
16) 66) dialog: I promise you, Amsterdam. I promise you. Then he grins, turns away and walks through the crowd: pr surveys.
18) 0) text: A madhouse of activity. WAITERS in black suits, vests and STREAM by carrying huge TRAYS of food while the KITCHEN S double-time to keep up with the unceasing volume. As Boss Tweed walks in, Bill the Butcher PLUCKS a piece o off a tray as it's carried out the door.
18) 1) dialog: I'm not good enough for your table, so I eat where I can. bite) It's good, what is it?
18) 3) dialog: Is that like pigeon? I killed a pigeon once but it didn't like this.
18) 5) dialog: (chewing his food) He insulted me. He aggravated me. I couldn't stand for th
18) 7) dialog: You think I should be afraid of you. You act like lightni you talk. As they talk, and the tension builds between them, the tw constantly BUFFETED by the swinging doors and the unendin WAITERS.
18) 8) dialog: I never was afraid of you, so don't think I was or act li ain't earned it.
18) 10) dialog: Where'd you earn the right to ask that question? You rais the streets a while back, but no more. You got power but muscle and you ain't got a notion what it means to be a w
18) 12) dialog: You don't know nothing about that! It was my doing! It sa "If thy eye offend thee, pluck it out." I followed that l knife and hand. The first I ever fought Priest Vallon, he when he came to bring me to death, I looked away and he w let me go. The shame was worse than the killing. I would eyes if I could still have fought, but cutting just the o When I killed Priest Vallon, that restored me. Now I sent over I got glory. I got all there is, and small thanks to
18) 14) dialog: Howls these manners?
18) 16) dialog: I'm always hungry.
24) 0) text: BOSS TWEED listens to an angry BILL THE BUTCHER as they w a long marble corridor lined with formal portraits of for worthies.
24) 2) dialog: A dozen at least of my Natives.
24) 4) dialog: I want at them. All of them, and Amsterdam especial. Now.
24) 6) dialog: To hell with any of that. Tweed stops under a grand new PORTRAIT of himself.
24) 8) dialog: I don't got to advance anywhere further.
24) 10) dialog: What's this?
24) 55) dialog: (leaping up) They know me by any name, you son of a bitch! The crowd ERUPTS: this is a death match between Olympians does not rejoice. He looks at Amsterdam's face, flush wit the right moment has finally come, and he has to turn awa from the ring as Killoran tries unsuccessfully to PULL th and cool him off.
24) 56) dialog: (yelling) I'll have him stretched on a spit! Killoran is beside him now, whispering urgently. Bill the his head vehemently.
24) 57) dialog: (to Killoran) You got no more to say about this now.
24) 61) dialog: I'll do my work. But this is a shame, a public shame. It attention. (yelling to Amsterdam) Fine, then! Fine and welcome! Day after elections, we'll on neutral ground to work out time and terms. It will be He walks to the ring, holds his HAND out to Amsterdam.
24) 62) dialog: You know this hand. Last time it was this close, it was o
25) 0) text: START CLOSE ON: money being counted out: $300. And a RECE written and given. We think at first this must be a bet b duel between Amsterdam and Bill the Butcher- But we go WIDER to reveal: an office, tables and chairs, lines, in fact. One, very long, filled with young man. An very short, in which a CLERK is handing the receipt to a MAN.
27) 0) text: The place has been cleared out for a war council: Amsterd of Dead Rabbits, and Bill the Butcher with a few Natives. round poker table with a green felt top.
27) 6) dialog: I'll cut their hands off. After the fight.
28) 41) dialog: (nods at Johnny) I won't say nothin' in front of him. Who knows what busin
28) 52) dialog: Beside them? What are you talking... ?
28) 54) dialog: I can't stand with the militia against the people. I coul Points no more if I did.
30) 0) text: ... Amsterdam's face, full of resolve, staring unblinking ... the barrels of two dozen RIFLES SURROUND the edges th Amsterdam in, as if his head were in a frame. And Bill the Butcher gazes at him with astonishment. We a time, in the Natives' lair, a house hung with American fl and vintages, some of them torn by battle, others by year use. Some of them go back to the early days of the republ an inch of wood or wall space to be seen for all the star
30) 1) dialog: Murder Me? No one's going to murder me.
30) 3) dialog: I don't believe it, and I don't believe it's you telling reason to care about any danger to me.
30) 5) dialog: You protect me? Get out of here and go to hell.
30) 7) dialog: Maybe I'd believe you more if I knew who was talking to y
30) 9) dialog: That means nothing to me. None of this means nothing to m Tammany. Without me and my Natives they're nothing but a horses at a trough.
30) 11) dialog: I relish the thought... just the thought... of cutting yo you wide. So if just thinking about it gives me such plea I'm going to enjoy doing it.
30) 14) dialog: Amsterdam! (Amsterdam looks around) Don't be like your father. Don't make it too easy. Amsterdam struggles to keep his temper. But he turns and through the enemy camp as we...
35) 11) dialog: We move now and we can drive them out! We press them and
35) 13) dialog: Tweed put me in charge of this! I say we move, and by the we will move! (turns to his men) Native Americans, come with me! Any militia that wants to instead of die hunkered down, come with us! Bill STALKS through the lines, rallying the men. And John FOLLOW.
35) 14) dialog: We'll show you gladiators' greatness! Come on! The men start to JOIN the Butcher; even some militia fall through the men gathering near the Butcher. He's closer t Bill starts to mount their BARRICADE. There is MOVEMENT a around him as Natives and militia fall into rough formati to obscure Bill from Johnny's view. Shield him. He has to make his move. NOW. He DRAWS a revolver as mili pass in front of him... he AIMS ... he's anxious, confuse shakes ... he fires... too soon! ... ... and HITS a Native, who falls dead. Right near Bill. The Butcher turns in the direction of the shot, SEES John lock. Johnny FIRES again ... WINGS Bill ... ... and Bill SHOOTS him. Johnny FALLS with the first shot him now, looking down at him.
35) 15) dialog: Was it Tweed or your friend put you to this?
35) 17) dialog: You'd lie to save your friend.
35) 19) dialog: Me the same. Pity us both. He EMPTIES his revolver into Johnny.
35) 20) dialog: (to his men) Hold your fire! (toward the Armory) In there! Hey in there! I want to talk to Amsterdam! The Militia Commander is aghast at this proposition and s gun in hand. But a Native STOPS him. Amsterdam's face APPEARS in a front window of the Armory.
35) 22) dialog: You and me.
35) 26) dialog: Your friend made different friends lately.
35) 28) dialog: It don't matter to me. I got enemies outside, enemies in can move on me anytime. You could drop me before I get to
35) 30) dialog: You'd lay aside what's between us?
35) 32) dialog: If you do, I'll remind you. (he turns, leaves)
35) 34) dialog: I'm considering where's my better chance. He walks to the doors. The Rabbits guarding it don't make it himself and strides out into the street.
35) 40) dialog: Well, it seems like between us we got two mobs that might
35) 42) dialog: Not William Tweed's. Jimmy Spoils and a crew of Natives PUSH a cannon toward t Armory.
35) 45) dialog: They got to come in if we're going to fight them.
35) 51) dialog: We're finished, all of us.
35) 53) dialog: We got the same now, a full share of nothing. There's not There's nothing left. Amsterdam takes a weapon from his pocket, OPENS it for th it is the pirate's knife which the Butcher used to kill P