7) 7) dialog: I do understand, yes. BILL pushes him away and starts out.
7) 8) dialog: But you don't understand at all. Bill keeps walking.
7) 9) dialog: There's a whole city to share and all you see is your own
7) 11) dialog: Yes, alright. Gladly. It's all blackjack jobs and panel g for a fiver. Bill waits for Tweed to continue. But Tweed stoops and tr canary in a cage.
7) 13) dialog: As far as it goes.
7) 15) dialog: But we're talking about different things, Bill. You descr I see the possibilities. Look to the future. There is so The Butcher starts to look interested.
7) 18) dialog: There's things demanding to be done that no police force an obedient one. There's contributions from every dive an Loyalties to be secured and debts to be collected. BOSS TWEED (Cont'd) And now you and your Natives have emerged as the foremost Five Points, I'm prepared to extend you an opportunity. Y Tammany...
7) 20) dialog: ... beside Tammany... in the performance of these civic o for a satisfactory... I'm prepared even to say equitable. participation. It's not the sort of responsibility the fo might have recognized. But then, the founding fathers nev city New York has become.
7) 22) dialog: We'd like to. I do miss it. But it's wiser for men in the give an appearance of probity.
7) 24) dialog: Oh Jesus, no. The appearance of law must be upheld, espec being broken.
7) 26) dialog: Perhaps not within the Points. But the smart man could go Bill looks at Tweed for a long moment. The he SHOVES hims wall, pulls away the chair on which Tweed has been restin sits down close to him.
8) 94) text: As Johnny continues to speak, we see Tammany tactics in a WARD-HEALERS dispensing coal to the poor, and TOUGHS stea butcher's wagons; a political PARADE with fife and drum-a politicians--including Boss Tweed--in ceremonial Indian c group of GOONS busting up a saloon; Tweed making a speech CONSTITUENTS and a Tammany Fire Company tearing through t scattering everyone in their way, finally revealing they to a fire but are CRASING OFF a rival fire company.
12) 117) dialog: I would never speak ill of a rival. I would never say tha Know-Nothing is a horse thief. It is my observation, howe horse thief is a Know-Nothing. Good-natured LAUGHING all around. Even TWEED seems amused catches the Boss' eye and whispers to him.
12) 119) dialog: Keep our men voting. Everybody works today. It's not a vi Daniel. I want a triumph.
14) 1) dialog: (V.O.)
14) 7) dialog: What do you think? Would that make a fit motto for our fa
14) 10) dialog: what is it? (no one knows) Well, hell, let's get one we can remember. We're going to hall, we better have something to put over the front door you'll make sure the Latin's right? As Wood nods his assent, CAMERA MOVES across room... ... past the gilded CAGES suspended ten feet over the flo women and children look down at the action just below the of trepidation and resignation. Occasionally a REVELER wi and GRAB one of the caged inhabitants. Still MOVING, CAME ... passes a stage, where we finally SEE the source of al MUSIC we've been hearing: the music is provided by CHINESE MUSICIANS, a woman SINGER, a DANCER and some ACRO perform some weird, mangled Five Points version of Chines music and performance continues as we MOVE PAST... ... across a PEWTER FAN-TAN TABLE, where CHINESE GAMBLERS animation and concentration. By comparison, the Occidenta beside them seem like tourists. Everyone SHOUTS and SCRAMBLES to place bets with the FAN- Above the Dealer is an oval opening in the ceiling, throu PLAYERS may watch the action below. These FAN-TAN PLAYERS elegantly carved rail, peering at the action on the table their bets and collecting their winnings by means of a BA WIRES that whirrs constantly overhead. We continue to MOV ... until we are at the door of the place, where Amsterda Rabbits are having words with a BOUNCER.
15) 61) dialog: (to Killoran) If these two are going to combat, it aught to be a worthi more rewarding for all. Tweed SIGNALS to Bill: STOP. The Butcher sees the signal it. He SHAKES his head. His blood is up. He won't stop. Tweed SIGNALS AGAIN. Bill KEEPS COMING. Tweed signals Killoran, who STANDS himself. And, when he and TAMMANY LOYALIST in the place--a hundred of them anyw Boss Tweed. As Bill keeps coming, and Monk stands easy, waiting... ... the Natives and their ALLIES now stand, facing the Ta Tammany backers, dressed flush and fancy, face the scruff Five Points bunch: the twin factions of the criminal unde different in style and so similar in purpose, SIZE EACH O opposite sides of the room. Bill STOPS. The odds are shifting, the stakes are climbin Chinese STOP GAMBLING. For the first time all evening the absolutely STILL. Even the Dead Rabbits have turned, at t what will happen. Tweed and the Butcher LOCK EYES: neither blinks. Then aft very long moment ... a calm, bemused Tweed RAISES his gla
15) 62) dialog: I only wanted to thank you, Bill, for the customary good an equally bright future for us both. Another pause. Bill does not look placated. The whole pla explode... ... until Boss Tweed RISES to his feet, and RAISES his gl
15) 63) dialog: Will you drink with me, Bill, as a friend? An honored fri Bill weighs the proposition... then looks to his men, NOD call them off. He GRABS a glass off a table to join Tweed The MUSIC begins again. The gambling recommences. Patrons seats. The Dead Rabbits help Amsterdam out the door. Monk Eastman sidles up to Bill the Butcher.
15) 95) dialog: (to the people as they grab the coal) Tammany's here to take the chill off the winter and the w heart. It's Tammany can make this city a fit place, with of all you good people... As he continues, Bill the Butcher JUMPS onto the wagon an beside him. Boss Tweed hardly gives him a glance.
15) 97) dialog: We could use help here. Grab a sack.
15) 99) dialog: (now he looks at him) So I've observed.
15) 101) dialog: What if you hadn't? Think of the embarrassment. And what Consider the waste. Next time you're in a dust-up like th and make proper plans. It'd be a grand source of revenue,
15) 103) dialog: Our mutual interests. That's why I want you to contact Mo (Bill's incredulous) I want you to extend a proposition. I want him to join US
15) 105) dialog: Oh, not Tammany, of course not. We could no more have him But he should throw in with the Native Americans, become Arrangement and ... well, use his influence, shall we say all.
15) 107) dialog: (interrupting) It's none of that, Bill. None of that. His independence i to Tammany. And an insult to you.
15) 109) dialog: I should. If I'd been confident-absolutely certain--that prevailed. Monk is an unpredictable power, and a figure o to be reckoned with.
15) 111) dialog: No. He's an elemental force. Them you don't destroy. But them and use them for the good they give off. He hands Bill a sack of coal.
15) 112) dialog: Coal? Bill doesn't answer. He HOPS DOWN off the moving wagon, a way quickly before him, then regroup and SWARM after Twee The Boss continues with his Tammany spiel-enjoying all th the Butcher watches, disdainful of Tweed but filled with frustration. From his face we ...
17) 0) text: Boss Tweed reigns in the banquet room of a vast, gaslit r long table overburdened with food. Seated along both side an array of the city's POWER BROKERS, with whom Tweed and MINIONS mix easily. Their attitude toward the Power Broke of ribald fawning and fine condescension; the Power Broke enjoy the food, and the MUSIC from a small BAND, and the flirt and entertain them, while exuding the unmistakable amateur anthropologists exploring a decaying civilization Tweed is courting and joking with a bewhiskered HORACE GR the influential Tribune.
17) 2) dialog: And the pleasures of the company provided you, Mr. Greele
17) 4) dialog: I suppose you can at that. Take with one hand, flay with Virtuels on your conscience, Horace, but Tammany's in you Killoran materializes at Tweed's side and whispers someth discreetly in his ear. Tweed EXCUSES himself, rises quick across the restaurant floor... ... past the Band and the Dancing Giris ... ... to the swinging doors of the kitchen. As he pushes op DOOR, his face has lost its humor.
18) 0) text: A madhouse of activity. WAITERS in black suits, vests and STREAM by carrying huge TRAYS of food while the KITCHEN S double-time to keep up with the unceasing volume. As Boss Tweed walks in, Bill the Butcher PLUCKS a piece o off a tray as it's carried out the door.
18) 2) dialog: Pheasant.
18) 4) dialog: You killed a bull this morning. I told you to make an Arr him, and you come back with his blood on your hands.
18) 6) dialog: You stand for anything if I tell you.
18) 9) dialog: What did you earn us, killing Monk?
18) 11) dialog: I see it lost you a lot of God's sense, along with that e
18) 13) dialog: (measured, conciliatory) You need two eyes to see the dep how we help each other. If it wasn't for me would be happ plunder the Points and put the fear into people who don't else. But Bill, I'm only saying... I'm counselinm... look You want to sit at my table, fine. But you must always re host is. It's not a matter of courage welre talking. It's Bill grabs another piece of food from a tray.
18) 15) dialog: Fine, if you're hungry.
18) 17) dialog: I've always told you, Bill. There's plenty for all, and m together than separate. We'll dine together sometime. Bill the Butcher nods, appeased, and leaves, swaggering h the kitchen chaos, making everyone get out of his way. Bo him go, his expression changing from bemused appeasement
19) 1) dialog: Let me put this to you, Daniel. Now that the Butcher has most prominent figure in the Five Points--a man of myth a there to take his place? (as Killoran starts to answer) Of course. Then what do we do about the Butcher? He's too killed, but he must be checked.
19) 3) dialog: Impossible! Any cops who might have the mettle to go agai have blood ties to the gangs. They can't be trusted. And be trusted are too craven to be any use. If Bill's to be come from within the Points, not without.
19) 5) dialog: That so? The last time I saw him he was under the Butcher like a fine filet. Who else is there?
19) 7) dialog: What would that be?
19) 9) dialog: Blood will make a man intrepid. Bring them along, then. N Rabbits with neglect. Let them roam where they like.
19) 11) dialog: I'd tolerate a little trespassing if it was for a higher They'll cross with the Natives soon enough and keep each
19) 13) dialog: I'll hold Bill in check. If he becomes unwieldy ... well, Daniel, I might just have to oil up my old musket. What d that, eh? Boss Tweed gets up from the table. A WAITER is DIMMING th filling the room with deep shadows.
19) 15) dialog: But poor politics, eh? Well, we musn't have that. (as he walks away) I do miss those roistering days, though. Oh, and bring so for the canaries.
24) 0) text: BOSS TWEED listens to an angry BILL THE BUTCHER as they w a long marble corridor lined with formal portraits of for worthies.
24) 1) dialog: The building and how many?
24) 3) dialog: The Dead Rabbits are a wooly bunch alright.
24) 5) dialog: Not just now. It's between too late and too soon. They've too prominent for comfort, but they're still too small fo your hands. The man who killed Monk Eastman pushing aroun upstarts. It's practically undignified.
24) 7) dialog: Very well, and to hell as well with any plans you and I m growth and change and even greater reward. You'll never a beyond the limited perimeter of your imagination.
24) 9) dialog: Got to, no. But ought to. He hands him a fancy embossed envelope.
24) 11) dialog: (eyes merry) An invitation. To dinner.
25) 6) dialog: No thanks owed, son. Conscription's Federal Law, and so's exemption. You might remind your father, though, that you today, minding that the law's strictly and equitably enfo The Prosperous Young Man hurries out, as the Draftees con abuse. Boss Tweed HEADS for them, followed by Killoran.
25) 8) dialog: It's not my law, and not my liking, either. But Washingto treated us with sufferance, and we must extend the same r (to Draftees) Boys, we are bound by honor and love of country to fight crisis!
25) 10) dialog: Boys, the union is in distress, our land is wounded deepl suddenly a frail and finite thing. We must ask ourselves
25) 13) dialog: (as he backs off) Thank you, boys, thank you for your understanding. (to Killoran) Holy Mother. Tweed hustles Killoran outside, where the line of Potenti snakes down the block and into Paradise Square.
25) 14) dialog: Daniel, between the blindness of Washington and the damne Poole Tammany will fall like an autumn leaf. We must take can. Attend to the Butcher. After the elections, of cours think Amsterdam will do our work for us first.
25) 16) dialog: Not so daunting as this. (turns to the Draftees in the street) Boys, I've just had a word with your compatriots inside, half the sand and a fraction of the spirit they have mani this great struggle... There is a chorus of BOOS and JEEPS from the Draftees out
25) 18) dialog: Great weeping Jesus, Daniel, whatever happened to the hal
26) 0) text: It's chaos here, too. The large main room is filled with OPERATORS receiving election returns. There is SHOUTING a throughout the room. Even Boss Tweed shows signs of worry
26) 1) dialog: I swear that science will be the death of industry.
26) 3) dialog: (losing patience) Your role is to expedite, Daniel, not to explain. (Killoran looks at him blankly) Do something!
26) 7) dialog: A moment please, Daniel. One moment. (to Johnny) You're a Dead Rabbit, aren't you? Friend to Amsterdam? (Johnny nods) And therefore no particular friend to us. What brings you
26) 11) dialog: Well, then, a Gentleman of foresight! Are you suggesting. you're even saying... that your friend and your gang may lagging behind the great march of history?
26) 13) dialog: Well fine, step up to history then and tell us what you h
27) 14) dialog: Your honor... yes, and the law of the land... lies in the Conscription Act of 1863 was handed down by President Lin
28) 38) dialog: Too much sympathy, Horace. Writing these riots were a ris "unjust laws and unsuitable law-givers." The shame!
28) 40) dialog: It was Tammany and the rabble that elected you, Governor. and the gangs who'll stop it. Isn't that so, Bill?
28) 42) dialog: He's here on our business and my invitation. He's already help. What's the opposition strength, John? To answer, Johnny yanks back a CURTAIN drawn across a hig view, looking downtown, is one of almost continual ILLUMI place the eye falls, CANDLES burn in sympathy for the rio
28) 47) dialog: Gentlemen, I'm sorry you find it necessary to question th friend here, and by extension, my own judgement. So as pr where will the mob go? What will the gangs do? (Johnny is uneasy about answering) Go on, tell them what you told me.
28) 49) dialog: (interrupting) As indeed you nearly was. Were.
28) 51) dialog: Would you agree with that, Bill? Wouldn't you do the same fighting against the militia instead of beside them?
28) 53) dialog: (interrupting) You will have to fight beside them to take the Armory. It unfriendly hands.
28) 55) dialog: We're all of us swept up in a great tide of events, Bill. to swim? From Bill's face, struggling to make sense of this, knowi but not wanting to believe it, we ...
28) 58) dialog: I'm sure that Bill will do his usual splendid job. But af well, I'm afraid he's grown away from us. (Johnny looks puzzled) He shows distressing signs of... shall we say, free-think flourishes in chaos, and these riots could encourage Bill himself. He no longer inspires in me the same trust... we might. If you can prove yourself further.
28) 61) dialog: In vital things. Would I be talking to you now otherwise? but small things. Are you equal to greater responsibility
28) 63) dialog: Ridding me of Bill the Butcher. (Johnny is startled) He may question your loyalty to me, but Bill would never the sand to go against him. He'd never expect it. Do you From Johnny's face, struggling to make the right answer,
35) 2) dialog: (reading, furious) If the Rabbits are already at the Armory, where the hell militia? He THROWS the telegram onto the floor, where it joins a w yellow telegraph forms. They are shin-high; there must be them.
35) 5) dialog: Alright then, John, you pray to any God you choose that's If Bill thinks he can best the Natives, that is your oppo your moment. (Johnny hesitates) Are you a Bible man? The Book says in Revelations, "I saw a new earth." If the hand of God's not on you to fulfill then the hand of Tweed will be. Go on and God bless. Johnny looks like he is about to say something, but he st Tweed a moment longer; then nods acknowledgment and leave
35) 7) dialog: Oh, I think he can. Whether it's one man against another the city, the mathematics remain the same. You never enjo enlightenment of poverty, did you, Governor? If you had, can always hire half the poor to kill the other half.