2) 0) text: Another room, even smaller. The only decoration is a biza a Madonna and child painted on the wall. A beefy man picks up a home-made PIKE, its iron tip sharp point. He is smiling. The grin is huge, but cockeyed. It half of his face. The grotesque, unending grin is the res paralysis, and has given him a nickname: HAPPY JACK MULRA Jack lifts the pike carefully, then takes a candle from t down over a wooden cage full of rabbits. He slowly moves and forth across the cage top. Wax falls on the cage, spl unlucky rabbit. Jack thrusts the pike between the wooden bars, impaling t He pulls the pike from the cage and leaves.
3) 1) dialog: Did you bring the boy for a charm, Priest?
5) 40) dialog: It's fair. Amsterdam, wild with shock and grief, turns back to his f takes what's owed him. Amsterdam bends over to KISS Vallo then on his left eye. The boy is just about to kiss his fatheros closed right e springs OPEN - Amsterdam jumps back despite himself. Vall a last moment of recognition.
5) 47) dialog: Leave him be. He's his to mourn. And the RABBITS turn away, going back to the Old Brewery the narrow streets. Now a few CITIZENS venture out into Paradise square. A co SCAVENGERS scoot about, looting bodies. Amsterdam stays in the center of the square unmoving, und solitary vigil over his father. A TITLE is superimposed across this scene:
5) 70) dialog: We passed the plate amongst ourselves. Come up with enoug all this, and carry you a while, too. He stuffs some money in Amsterdam's pocket.
5) 72) dialog: Potters Field, with everyone else.
5) 74) dialog: What difference where he faces?
5) 76) dialog: Fine, son. When Jesus gets to the Battery you show Him th The Minister finishes the service. MR. CORNELIUS, a funer resembles one of his own customers, ushers in a WOMAN (MA lovely 10 year old GIRL (JENNY EVERDEKNE) by the hand. Th obviously drunk, the girl frightened.
5) 79) dialog: Not tonight, Maggie, we got... Monk Eastman interrupts from the Background.
6) 18) dialog: Come on, boyo. I'll put you up tonight.
6) 20) dialog: You can't. (Amsterdam stares at him) There's no mistaking you're his son. Happy Jack leaves Amsterdam alone in the room. Now, by himself, sure of no one seeing, Amsterdam CRIES.
8) 74) dialog: I've come for my due and proper, Shang. Happy Jack Mulraney (the Dead Rabbit gang member with the face) stands before them in a POLICEMAN'S UNIFORM-sparkli splendid--a leather helmet and long coat. In his hand, he NIGHTSTICK.
8) 77) dialog: (sizing him up) It's the young Vallon, is it? I hardly recognized you.
8) 80) dialog: Anybody else? Any number at all, come on. Several of the gang make a move toward Jack, but Shang WA Jack departs UNHARMED, to general disgust. Jenny walks ba room to help the Brash Boy. Shang GLARES at Amsterdam, sl back into his cane and follows Jenny, trying to explain h
14) 0) text: A Tammany victory celebration. When we last saw this plac confronted Happy Jack--the place was busy, alive. It's RI to bursting with POLITICIANS, CRIMINALS, GANG MEMBERS, MO HANGERS-ON, UPTOWN THRILL-SEEKERS, JOURNALISTS and COPS, off duty. The SOUND of the place is a cacophony of SHOUTI GAMBLING and STRANGE MUSIC--which we can't identify at fi CLOSE on a huge ruby ring and we HEAR...