6) 80) dialog: Let me see! I don't believe it.
6) 82) dialog: Oh come on! It's not. (Friend shakes her head) Then tell me where you got it.
6) 84) dialog: What?
6) 86) dialog: Would he do the same with me?
6) 88) dialog: Better keep it more careful, then. The Friend GETS UP and starts across the Brewery floor, a But she looks around her, across the sleeping, passed-out desperate families and their squalling infants, to see if noticed. A man and two women cast a glance her way. She looks away keeps watching her... then FANS OUT and starts to FOLLOW The Friend looks over her shoulder again. SEES the Man. L direction, SEES: the woman. And then: the second woman. A The Friend starts to RUN. The Trio runs after her. And no attention. The Friend PLUNGES into one of the warren of T off the Brewery floor. CAMERA plunges through the darkness, after her. Her foots is the SOUND of stumbling, falling, an angry CURSE and a struck. The FRIEND picks herself up out of the darkness a CAMERA following down the dank halls. Suddenly the TRIO runs AHEAD of the camera. There is a SC staps. And others SOUNDS follow quickly now: the dull THU object against bone, REPEATED several times; and then, ve the most terrible sound of all: silence. Then Two Women emerge from the darkness of the tunnel, fi penny. The Man, several steps behind them, throws an obje floor: it's a STONE, and it is covered with blood. He com Two Women quickly and GRABS the penny from them with a ha DRIPS blood and gore. They CHASE after him across the cro floor.
8) 0) text: Jenny's face, as she tries to sleep on a narrow, filthy m mother Maggie lies beside her, crowding her, THRASHING ab troubled, drunken sleep.
8) 72) dialog: (smiling) It's all your play now, Shang. Maybe you can set him righ Jenny hands him a cane. Barely managing to hide his reluc starts--slowly--toward Amsterdam, who stands his ground. back to give them room in this tiny space. Shang pulls th it's a SWORD CANE, but Amsterdam shows no fear. He shifts little, watching ... and they're interrupted by a...
11) 35) dialog: No, sir. You look a proper Gentleman down to the ground. As this conversation continues, we watch-not only Jenny a conversation, and Amsterdam watching them; but we begin t Amsterdam SEES. Although Jenny's hands apparently remain lap, her RIGHT HAND moves SLOWLY out from her wrap... tow
11) 37) dialog: Does it matter to you what I think?
11) 39) dialog: Oh. ...toward his pocket. The Man is in Jenny's thrall. He fe continues to have no idea what is going on. But Amsterdam silken, surreptitious move of her HAND across The Man's b CARESS that Amsterdam can feel. Jenny's grace is balletic she picks The Man's pocket, she is, without knowing it, a Amsterdam
11) 41) dialog: I might like, sir. But I can't say now. Her hand HOVERS above his pocket, waiting for the SWAY of match and mask her movement....
11) 43) dialog: Because this is my stop.
11) 45) dialog: (firmly) That would be too bold.
11) 47) dialog: I come every Thursday to the Tombs to see my father.
11) 54) dialog: Are you a spy, then?
11) 56) dialog: Appreciator of what?
11) 58) dialog: Don't bother with the chat. If you want me, we come to a arrangement. lf the terms is right, then I decide how you do it or not.
11) 60) dialog: I know what you was just. I had years already of what you know how I got so good at thieving? So's I wouldn't have everyone who had the ned. Now I do it when I want to for to. Otherwise I don't do it, and don't have to do it, and anyone's rules but my own. 
11) 62) dialog: (a little curious now) What's it to you?
11) 65) dialog: How'd you come by this?
11) 67) dialog: Are you making me a present, or making an Arrangement?
12) 0) text: A gentlemen's WALLET skims across a pitted wooden table, Shang's hand. Jenny is giving him her CUT. He opens the w at Jenny. No more goods are forthcoming. Amsterdam, hangi them both. Shang SEES the RED SILK SCARF, tied around her neck.
12) 2) dialog: From Amsterdam.
12) 61) dialog: Payment for the silk. Then DROPS the silk from his throat and starts to touch h hands are under her skirt. Then, under the cloudy moonlig make love.
12) 64) dialog: You were waiting for me out here, weren't you?
12) 66) dialog: You was that sure of me?
12) 68) dialog: It don't do to be sure. I could go away just as easy.
12) 70) dialog: I'll say when I want to, not you.
12) 72) dialog: (looking at him) Yeah. If it was just a shag you wanted.
12) 74) dialog: You got blood in your eye for someone.
12) 76) dialog: Who from?
12) 78) dialog: You better get someone else in your sights. No one's ever
12) 80) dialog: You have a plan for this? You going to raise a militia? I the Butcher don't even know about you or care if he does.
12) 82) dialog: And after the Butcher?
12) 84) dialog: Is that so?
12) 86) dialog: Love you? You just had me. You can have a mort any time y look for more than that.
12) 88) dialog: Why?
12) 90) dialog: I don't know I want to mean something, to you or anybody. good in that? He stares at her.
12) 92) dialog: It'll take a while if we do. If we ever do.
12) 94) dialog: Meantime's business.
12) 110) text: The Dead Rabbits go about the business of rounding up Tam pick up DRUNKS in alleys; Jenny and some of the Dead Rabb PATRONS in a whore house; Rabbits shanghai SAILORS from s CITIZENS as they walk along the street, either wheedling get them to vote. It's the strong arm of democracy.
15) 2) dialog: And you heard I was a good teacher?
15) 4) dialog: That's right.
15) 6) dialog: And now what?
15) 8) dialog: (glancing over at Amsterdam) Not to my thinking.
15) 10) dialog: (to Johnny) You going with me or him? It's my thinking matters here. ask him nothing.
15) 16) dialog: I said already, it's not a game. It's business. Johnny pulls her away. As he watches her go through the c gaze falls on Bill the Butcher again... ... and for the first tine their EYES MEET. Bill's eyes r take him all in... but DON'T REMEMBER him. He looks away steps up to pay court.... .... and a MASTER OF REVELS, center-floor, SHOUTS ...
15) 40) text: And Amsterdam THROWS the knife, the bright blade FLASHING like lightning. And just as quickly the Buitcher PICKS UP his table, send flying and breaking, using it as a SHIELD... ... and the knife THUMPS into it dead center. The Butcher at Amsterdam...sending PATRONS yelling and SCATTERING. Amsterdam LEAPS out of the way of the table, then RUNS AT Butcher... ... who's already coming for him. As they CLASH and GRAPP other... ... PATRONS all over the Pagoda crowd around for a good v and start to MAKE BETS on the outcome. The odds do not fa And neither does the fight. Amsterdam fights with real bl doesn't have the Butcher's skill, or experience, or dispa the Butcher's CLINCH... HITS him once in the face... then ... and then gets FLOORED by a well placed kick. The Crow And, on the second floor, Jenny and Johnny come out of th arranging her clothes, Jenny looks over the gallery rail below, sees the fight... and starts to RUN down the stair her go ... looks at the fight again, for a second... then the main floor. The Butcher is on top of Amsterdam now. He HITS him upsid the wood and brass handle of his cleaver. Then hits him a In the Crowd now, Jenny finds Sheeny Mike.
15) 41) dialog: The Butcher'll kill him if we don't do something.
15) 44) dialog: The truth is you don't give a damn about him.
15) 65) dialog: Go easy! Go easy. It's over.
15) 67) dialog: Let's get him up. She grabs Amsterdam's arm and, with Johnny's help, tries to his feet.
15) 68) dialog: (Looking at Amsterdam's bloody face) Therels too damn little of him left to know anything. They start across Paradise Square, holding him up... ... as the rest of the Dead Rabbits join to help them... smaller in the distance against the primeval nighttime la Five Points... ... and the Bouncer CLOSES the door.
16) 3) dialog: We don't want a ruckus, minister.
16) 13) dialog: Everdeane. Jenny Everdeane.
16) 20) dialog: What?
16) 22) dialog: (teasing) No, it's just that I didn't recognize you in the mirror. some of the face the Butcher gave you.
16) 24) dialog: Maybe you'll look better later. The Reverend Raleigh and his Helpers DASH among the dance LIGHTED CANDLES, which the COUPLES take and hold as they floor.
16) 26) dialog: I chose you just for tonight. If that's not good enough I someone else. She takes a candle from the Reverend and holds it so the Amsterdam's face.
19) 20) dialog: I got ned enough for all. See? Fair enough? She holds her hand out as she WALKS slowly toward the mil carrying a huge fistful of GLEAMING COINS. The Natives on her warily... ... and are JUMPED from behind by a couple of Dead Rabbit grabs a milk pitcher from a WOMAN in the crowd, AXES open milk barrel and FILLS the pitcher to overflowing. Jenny J wagon seat.
19) 21) dialog: (to Amsterdam) What's our rate? What do we charge?
19) 23) dialog: Raise it? Is that what you want?
19) 25) dialog: (beat; then, to Crowd) There'll be no paying at all this week, neither. This is Dead Rabbits business from now on. The Crowd scrambles for milk and the Rabbits try to keep
19) 26) dialog: (to Crowd) We'll take ned if you got it, now or in future. But no on
19) 28) dialog: They'll pay us what they owe, in loyalty if not in cash. coal, we give milk.
19) 30) dialog: Can't we?
21) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
21) 4) dialog: Sure I do. But there's something else I still don't under Sparrow's Pagoda, did you hit me, knowing it was me?
21) 6) dialog: Meantime's over.
21) 8) dialog: Put your head back.
21) 10) dialog: Put your head back I said.
21) 12) dialog: Sudden? Every day I see you and you complain I can't deci you say it's sudden.
21) 14) dialog: Don't flatter yourself.
21) 16) dialog: It's because you didn't lie about hitting me.
21) 18) dialog: Not here. There's too much past.
22) 0) text: The room where Johnny fetched Amsterdam out for the fight Jenny have just made love.
22) 1) dialog: It must be morning.
22) 3) dialog: This is what you meant, then? It's going to be just the s
22) 5) dialog: Every morning I wake up next to you.
22) 7) dialog: We only just started in and you're already threatening me
22) 9) dialog: I prefer my kind. This kind. She reaches beneath the pillow and pulls out a fine DIAMO she slips on his finger. Amsterdam reacts with surprise, course) suspicion.
22) 11) dialog: You said I was the best thief in the Five Points. But I g restless. Will you wear something I got?
22) 15) dialog: My jeweler's. She GESTURES for him to follow her and we see now that sh maid's outfit.
22) 16) dialog: Come on.
22) 18) dialog: That's the best time. They're all having lunch.
22) 22) dialog: (pleased, showing off) You can wait on me a minute. Or I'll see you back in the scared. (Amsterdam looks at her) Don't worry. I know every house on this street. They all open. They live like they're not in New York. She GOES IN the house. Amsterdam WATCHES through the wind going up stairs. Then he looks at the dining room, visibl through an open kitchen door. He WATCHES, fascinated, fragments of the everyday rituals never seen. As SOUNDS drift listlessly from the street be BREEZE blows, WE SEE IN A SERIES OF DISSOLVES the serving SERVANTS carrying and passing plates; FAMILY MEMBERS reac and passing them; the LOW KURMUR of Konversation in accen heard. It's not so much that these people and their life him. It is as if he has stepped into another Dimension. He loses his sense of time, and of danger. So that when J arm she surprises him thoroughly.
22) 23) dialog: Come on. I might still be taken for a maid. But you're no a butler.
22) 25) dialog: The Police Commissioner lives the next street over. I was visiting him next month, but cops don't buy goods. They k graft in cash. Amsterdam looks at the houses with wonder that he tries t She opens her satchel a little way, then NUDGES him to ha swag inside.
22) 26) dialog: How's that for ten minutes?
22) 28) dialog: I'm not going to fence it. I'm going to keep it and take will recognize it.
22) 30) dialog: Somewhere west. Far west. Past the Mississippi River, som territory.
22) 32) dialog: You'd be with me.
22) 34) dialog: Once I said I'd be with you I wanted someplace we could b Someplace better than here. What's the matter with that?
22) 36) dialog: Yeah, I know, but I'm talking about settling down, not se
22) 64) dialog: I did, yes.
22) 68) dialog: Amsterdam, what are you saying?
22) 70) dialog: I don't know, you mean a place, a home?
22) 77) dialog: (interrupting) I know this building.
23) 0) text: As Jenny leads Amsterdam through a narrow tunnel. The pla weird catacomb: it is narrow and dank, filled with bones of the two- and four-legged variety.
23) 2) dialog: These lead all under the Square, into the Brewery and out there. They're closed off and forgotten since the Reveren mission. Pass me the candle. Amsterdam hands Jenny a stump of candle, which she holds see... ... that the tunnel has opened onto a small room just abo of Jacob's Ladder. It's a graveyard, memorializing gang m better world--or worse. Trophies from many gangs--includi skulls of some Dead Rabbits-litter the place in loose rit if this were a catacomb in Palermo. Stooping low, Jenny walks to a narrow corner of the room, PAVING STONES have been laid in the rough pattern of a cr slate serves as a headstone, and on it, in fading paint, is the name "Maggie Everdeane."
23) 3) dialog: We lived in this building till she lost her seamstress wo the Brewery. One day she slept so drunk she never woke an back here. Dug this myself. (beat) Families. Give here what I gave you. Amsterdam hands her a chest that looks like a small versi Blackbeard's treasure box. She opens it and holds the can is the swag from all her cat burglaries. There's a lot of with promise in the GUTTERING flame. Jenny starts to dig grave.
23) 4) dialog: She'll keep an eye on this for us. How about some help? He KNEELS beside her and they dig at the grave with stone
23) 6) dialog: Just take another look at it to remind you. I can always Amsterdam reaches inside the chest, pulls out a ring and Jenny's dirt-covered finger. She KISSES him.
23) 7) dialog: What's mine is yours, is that it?
23) 9) dialog: You making an offering to the Reverend Raleigh? Amsterdam slips the cross into his pocket without answeri dig again.
24) 18) dialog: You should finish the stone.
24) 20) dialog: It was Bill killed him, not you.
24) 22) dialog: And his hand on yours!
24) 24) dialog: You talk like he lives in you.
24) 26) dialog: You think you can be free that easy? You need your way so you''' use anything to clear it. Anyone, too. Me, everybo just a way for you to settle your damned ghosts.
24) 29) text: The growth of the Dead Rabbits, as we continue to HEAR Am passionately to Jenny. We first see the Rabbits surroundi OVERTURNING a fire wagon; this starts as a live action sc BLEEDS into SEPIA, then freezes like an old magazine illu
27) 22) dialog: This city will burn like Gomorrah.
27) 24) dialog: I think it's past that already.
27) 27) dialog: They believed what people told them, that's all.
27) 29) dialog: You believed Johnny.
27) 31) dialog: And I believed you.
27) 33) dialog: I believed what you said abaut being with me, with me alo to me. It's not me alone, it's just you and Bill Poole. Y blood-blind you can't see nothing else, not even this!
27) 35) dialog: It's not a country for me, Amsterdam. I don't know about come with me?
27) 37) dialog: Now is when I'm going. Will you come?
28) 0) text: Jenny digs out her treasure from her mother's grave, thro starts to GRAB all the swag she can and hide it on her pe pockets, under her clothes, anywhere. She takes as much a she has to travel fast.
28) 6) dialog: What is it?
28) 13) dialog: I'd kill you for this. The Girl lunges at her with a knite, and Jenny SHOOTS. Th into the flame-reflecting Hudson as if she drowning in a Jenny climbs into the boat and frantically starts to row. her ... working the oars clumsily, furiously ... moving t the water, trying to get away from the city... ... and we go WIDER now. A huge line of IRON--like the si glacier... bisects the frame, then starts to move. Jenny turns, SEES it. It is ... ... the looming hull of an ironclad war ship (MATTE). It into the city, setting off tremendous explosions. Jenny TURNS back for the shore... ... as cannonballs land, devastating rioters.
28) 17) text: Further from the docks. Shells still exploding in the dis moves with the marauding mob, recognizes Doyers Street. S from the mob, moves stealthily into the street known as t And STOPS. Weird shadows dance on the walls of the buildings. SMOKE The angle is lined with lampposts. And from every lamppos BODY of a black man. Or woman. Or child. Some are still s At the base of a lamppost, a group of RIOTERS have cut op CORPSE of a black man and are pouring oil into it. One of Jenny, grins and holds out the TORCH he's holding. She sh starts to BACK out of the alley. The Rioter touches the torch to the oil in the wound of t body IGNITES in flame. The RIOTERS pull on a rope and the burning, to the top of the lamppost ... ... where its awful shadow joins all the others in the ma refractions on walls all up and down the street. On the s flames dance and the bodies burn, rioters DANCE and SING. From these mad SHADOWS, we...
28) 26) dialog: Until I can get out. I'll go with you... (straight at Amsterdam) ...meantime.
28) 30) dialog: I can show you from here where they are. I doubt they'll in force before midday tomorrow.
28) 34) dialog: (beat; steps forward) Seems we are. One by one, then in small groups, the entire gang FOLLOWS uncertain, reluctant, even frightened at the audacity of they stand with Amsterdam.
29) 2) dialog: Did you miss us, John?
29) 23) dialog: So Tammany's going to kill the Butcher. That puts you and same side. Does that make the path clear enough to suit y From Amsterdam's face, trying to work out all the new ang
31) 0) text: ....Amsterdam walking. But this time, he is WALKING among the Dead Rabbits are assembled, weapons ready. Jenny is b Jimmy Spoils. Then a few others. As the group passes, others STAND and walk with them... ... until the whole gang is rallied... ... and bound for the passageway in the corner of the roo under the building.
33) 0) text: The whole gang MARCHES down a tunnel under the Old Brewer Amsterdam and Jenny, they all wear their tamlas. Many hav insignia on their faces. All of them have weapons. A lot Frightened FACES--people seeking shelter and safety from in the darkness, then vanish like ghosts. As the Rabbits walk, they summon memories of the first fi march through the tunnels when Amsterdam marched beside h Amsterdam's face gives little away. But perhaps he is rem too.
34) 11) dialog: (crying) Help me. Oh please help me. He's shot, we need a doctor,