5) 87) dialog: Mr. Tweed would like a word, Mr. Cornelius. (Cornelius hesitates) Tweed of Tammany. At the mention of the name, Cornelius shoos Maggie and Je mourning room and shuts the door behind them. Then he giv full attention.
5) 88) dialog: In your office. At your pleasure, of course.
6) 0) text: As the door opens, we see a man gazing out the narrow win spectacle in the next building. He is in his late 20s, al fleshy but dressed with dash: WILLIAM TWEED... "BOSS" TWE bemused, almost schalarly interest in the goings-on next This mortuary is located next to a bordello, where the wi uncurtained and the energy and variety of the activities inside is astounding. Tweed finally TURNS as Killoran opens the door.
7) 38) dialog: Another proud night for Tammany, Bill.
11) 6) dialog: We can't have every citizen of the Five Points boxed up l
12) 118) dialog: The Know-Nothings are already finished, and there's four polls yet.
13) 0) text: Amsterdam and the Rabbits PROWL the murky darkness where in bunks stacked high against the walls. The Rabbits star rounding up the Opium Eaters. Jimmy Spoils SLINGS a coupl shoulder like flour sacks. Amsterdam SHOVES two more out admiring Daniel Killoran.
13) 1) dialog: (to Johnny) I come to see if our counts square. You boys have made a showing....
13) 4) dialog: ... remarkable...
13) 6) dialog: Likewise. Pleasure to meet the best but one in the whole
13) 8) dialog: (smooth) Maybe nobody. But when the count's done the numbers will out in front.
13) 10) dialog: Tonight. At the victory celebration.
14) 9) dialog: (interrupting) We've got a motto.
14) 19) dialog: (to Bouncer) It's all right, Nat. They're saying the truth. They gave for a good wage. Killoran HANDS OVER a paper-wrapped parcel of money, whic firmly.
14) 20) dialog: A fine first showing. But second best.
14) 22) dialog: It's no shame to be bested by veterans. The Native Americ the field.
14) 24) dialog: We count on them sure as mass comes an Sunday.
14) 28) dialog: That's only right. Bill the Butcher's our ambassador thro Points, as you might say. It's deemed an honor to work wi knows Bill Poole, everyone fears him, everyone ...
14) 30) dialog: Well, if it's matter of personal honor, the money can onl insult. I have no wish to rile you further, so if you'll He REACHES to take back the parcel of money, but Amsterda away.
14) 32) dialog: Listen, buck. This is a Tammany night. If you and Bill Po to settle, you can do it any other time, any other place, good dancing goddamn. But you do it here tonight and all will be down on you like the righteous wrath of heaven. o the Book says, put away childish things. Join the celebra I always find the least strenuous solution the most appea Amsterdam stares at him as we...
19) 0) text: Later. Everyone's gone except some WAITERS, cleaning up, and Daniel Killoran, who sit at the end of the banquet ta plates of food have been massed at Tweedls place and, as PICKS from them.
19) 4) dialog: The Dead Rabbits did a proud job for elections. That Amst sand.
19) 6) dialog: Well, the Rough and Tumble Boys over to Slaughterhouse Po Country McCleesterls bunch, too, and the Plug Uglies, but that have the promise of the Dead Rabbits, or the stake,
19) 8) dialog: The boy Amsterdam has a blood feud with the Butcher. He's for the death of his father, and he's got the heart to ca He'll have the skill and power soon enough.
19) 10) dialog: And if they roam into some portion of our own revenues?
19) 12) dialog: Bill's got to be a lot more than occupied.
19) 14) dialog: It'd be gratifying, Mr. Tweed. Even edifying.
24) 60) dialog: (to Bill) Don't do it, you can't do it! There's the Conscription to elections coming, too. That's your calling now, not these
25) 7) dialog: You see how much they like this damned law? Enforcing it' us in elections.
25) 15) dialog: He could at that. Then he would become a fresh concern
26) 6) dialog: You got no place among us, get the hell out of here howev
26) 9) dialog: You got opportunities enough among your own.
26) 18) dialog: "We?" This was your notion, you go up there.
35) 0) text: ..a telegram, held in Killoran's hand. He passes it to Tw
35) 1) dialog: It's from the Armory Guards. That's the last before the w
35) 3) dialog: They got to be near.