4) 0) text: Vast and dank, like a cavern. We start CLOSE on... ... the body of a dead rat being filled with some pieces Then a little WIDER to reveal: an eager boy, SHANG DRAPER age as Amsterdam. He drops the last few pieces of lead in the rat, then sews it closed. He hefts the animal by the as he stands up. He is near a primitive forge where a half-drunk SLACKSMIT weapons into shape and distributes them to OTHER MEN and is covered with bits of lead and steel, which Shang has b into his rat. Shang FOLLOWS the crowd of men and women with their weapo see this room full. It is huge: the main room of the Old with families huddled together for warmth and comfort, or and women, together or separately, drunk or passed out. T animals in a pit. There are sticks of furniture jammed in more often, arranged at angles in the middle of the room enclaves where the ancient brewery machinery forms irregu Above Shang's head, VALLON and his gang walk across a pla spans the room a hundred feet beneath them. Armed men and Brewery are climbing a rope ladder to join them. Shang SC them. The men and women from the Brewery fall in behind VALLON the lead. Shang SPOTS someone near his own age toward the Amsterdam. He presses through the crowd like a hunting do
4) 1) dialog: What's the fight?
4) 3) dialog: Are you Native or Rabbit?
4) 5) dialog: Looks alright. I'll stand by you, then.
5) 29) dialog: (desperate) I run with you! I'm one of you! Born a Native American fr five generations!
8) 14) dialog: (panic) I told you forget that sailor stuff! Which way's star... Too late. Their Ticket craft crashes into the side with e make a LOUD THUMP and to send Shang sprawling.
8) 18) dialog: Spread out and make for the cabin. Moving slowly, the boys FAN OUT and move toward the cabin of the deck. Johnny stays close to Shang, holding onto th support.
8) 19) dialog: (whispering) Nothing. Looks picked clean. Johnny stops. His hand, on the railing, is BLOODY. On the the deck, Sheeny Mike discovers more traces of blood and
8) 20) dialog: Bill and the Natives must have got here first. Johnny freezes in terror.
8) 21) dialog: What ... A long SHADOW falls across his shoulder. Shang jumps. Standing before him, holding a musket and covered in bloo CAPTAIN. A BUTCHER'S CLEAVER is imbedded between his neck With his dying energy, the Captain takes AIM at a petrifi fires his musket. Jimmy Spoils JUMPS the Captain from behind, sending the m wide. But the SOUND of the musket is thunderaus, and echo harbor. The boys panic and head for the side.
8) 26) dialog: Come on. We'll get something out of this. Shang and Johnny start DRAGGING the body. Pushing, pullin panicked, the others help. As they boost the body over th of a bell cuts through the fog.
8) 31) dialog: We'll make for Blackwells.
8) 34) dialog: You'd have liked that, wouldn't you Coal Face? You're the miss in the dark.
8) 36) dialog: Alright. We lay up here till first light. Then we run bac river.
8) 42) dialog: (breathing hard) Figured you for dead.
8) 44) dialog: This is my crew. And welcome to join, if you've the mettl pirates and quick thieves and street brawlers...
8) 46) dialog: Yeah? You've no business saying anything against us! Do y you cost us? You know how much that body's worth?
8) 48) dialog: Fifteen dollars! Fifteen dollars from them medical ghouis
8) 50) dialog: (beat; to crew) Go ahead then. (beat; to Amsterdam) He was in his prime. He'd have fetched thirty dollars eas
8) 54) dialog: The cops can go to blazes. Who cares about them?
8) 56) dialog: It ain't the time to go against the Natives. We've got to Then we go.
8) 64) dialog: That's the prize of the month. Spice Islands silk. He puts the scart in his coat pocket with a FLOURISH, the about Jenny in a proprietary way.
8) 65) dialog: You'll learn our way if you're going to be one of us, Ams Jenny reacts slightly to the mention of the name: she loo RECOGNIZES Amsterdam now.
8) 66) dialog: Every one of us gives a portion of all they steal to the than men, being morts.
8) 68) dialog: Because morts have more resources. Men can work only on t mort can turn out on her back.
8) 70) dialog: If you think there's something off about my way of runnin no place in this gang.
8) 75) dialog: As agreed, then, Jack. Refreshment? Shang OPENS the top of the gold-handled sword cane. Insid solid LUMPS of cocaine. Jack reaches for the choicest.
12) 0) text: A gentlemen's WALLET skims across a pitted wooden table, Shang's hand. Jenny is giving him her CUT. He opens the w at Jenny. No more goods are forthcoming. Amsterdam, hangi them both. Shang SEES the RED SILK SCARF, tied around her neck.
12) 1) dialog: Pretty slim cut for a hanging day. Where'd you get that?
12) 3) dialog: (beat) It don't suit you.
12) 15) dialog: You know that's Jack's.
12) 18) dialog: That watch is a small price for free run of the Points.
12) 20) dialog: We don't tight when we don't have to. It's not warring th the living day to day.
12) 31) dialog: That's enough sport this evening, Jack. 
12) 43) dialog: I gave no order for this. Amsterdam says nothing at first, just holds his hand out: RED SILK SCKRF.
12) 45) dialog: I'm calling you out, Amsterdam.
12) 47) dialog: I didn't give it to him. Why would I give it to him?
12) 49) dialog: (to group) He's gone flat. I got no reason to trade with the Native
12) 51) dialog: (very edgy now; to group) Who believes what he's saying? Can any of you believe wha
12) 53) dialog: Let see where they stand. Jenny rises, stands next to Amsterdam. Jimmy Spoils, John are next. Now the other members of the mob move in cluste with Amsterdam.
12) 110) text: The Dead Rabbits go about the business of rounding up Tam pick up DRUNKS in alleys; Jenny and some of the Dead Rabb PATRONS in a whore house; Rabbits shanghai SAILORS from s CITIZENS as they walk along the street, either wheedling get them to vote. It's the strong arm of democracy.