7) 0) text: The CAPTAIN and FOUR of the SHIP'S OFFICERS constitute th court in a proceeding against a small man dressed in woma bloomers and a ragged singlet. The latter stands, chin on his chest, gazing dully at the carpet. The CAPTAIN is President of the court, of course. He is a corpulent man with whiskers, groomed in imitation of von  Triplitz. Behind him on the wall is a portrait in oils of the Kaiser. He keeps his eyes closed throughout the  proceedings. To the Captain's right, stands the ship's FIRST OFFICER, is acting as prosecutor. He is clean-shaven, dark, with p blue eyes; his manner is rigidly correct. To the Captain' left, sits the ship's SECOND OFFICER, who is serving as  defense counsel. He is a sleepy, stupid looking man with big scar on his cheek. All three members of the court are snowy ducks with gold buttons, white gloves and decoratio
7) 23) text: The Captain, without opening his eyes, turns to the Secon Officer; nods to him to proceed. The latter is completely a loss. He rises, stammers a few words in German.
7) 26) dialog: (to Allnutt in English) What were you doing here, if you  were not spying? (Allnutt doesn't answer) The Court sentences you to death by  hanging. (then in German to  the others) Not from the yard arm, but when we  reach port.
7) 29) text: The Captain rises and goes to the door.
8) 1) dialog: (to Allnutt in English) Was there a woman with you?
8) 2) text: Allnutt drops his mask of sullen stupidity and turns quic to the door, but the Captain's bulk is blocking his view. tries to push him aside. The First Officer hits Allnutt a hard blow across the face. Allnutt runs to a porthole and looks out in time to see:
9) 0) text: The First Officer, who seems to enjoy hitting Allnutt, no delivers a second blow, this time knocking him down. He  remains standing over Allnutt while the Captain and Secon Officer resume their seats.
9) 1) dialog: (to Allnutt) Who is that woman?
9) 3) dialog: But you just called her by name.
9) 5) dialog: (in German) Maybe I'll change my mind and hang  you from the yard arm after all.
9) 9) dialog: Aha! You do know her!
9) 13) dialog: (to Rose, in English) Who are you?
9) 15) dialog: English?
9) 17) dialog: What are you doing on the lake?
9) 20) dialog: Answer the question!
9) 22) dialog: Last night? In such weather?
9) 24) dialog: And why were you boating?
9) 30) dialog: (in German) Order!
9) 36) dialog: Fraulein Sayer, you will come to  order and answer the questions of  this court.
9) 39) dialog: What were you doing on the lake?
9) 47) dialog: (a bit amused and  skeptical) Just how, Fraulein, did you propose  to sink -- the K?nigin Luise?
9) 49) dialog: With how large a vessel?
9) 57) text: First Officer and Captain exchange a significant glance: is obviously nuts. (All through this, the Second Officer, who no spik English, is like a puzzled observer at a tenn match.)
9) 61) dialog: (half believing what  he can't believe) Where is The African Queen?
9) 63) dialog: How did you get onto the lake?
9) 66) dialog: (in English)
9) 70) dialog: Everybody knows the river is  unnavigable.
10) 4) dialog: Very well.