1) 4) dialog: early thirties, tight-featured and tight-haired, very hot but sweating less than Brother. She is pumping the pedals vigorously, spreading with her  knees the wings of wood which control the loudness, utili various stops for expressiveness of special phrases, and  rather desperately studying the open hymnal, just managin to play the right notes -- a very busy woman. She, too, i singing her best and loudest, an innocent, arid, reedy  soprano; and she, too, is very attentive to the meanings words: "Hold me with Thy powerful hand."
1) 10) dialog: completes "Thy Powerful Hand"; o.s. Voices of singers.  Unperturbed, Rose finishes her casual disposal of the bug and pulls out a new stop.
1) 11) text: Through rest of hymn, SHOOT and CUT against its lines for meaning, irony and pathos, roughly as follows: FULL VIEW of congregation past Brother and Rose. They are all Negroes and nearly all are dressed in glaring white - the women in garments like camisoles, the men in pants wh reach about to their shins: splayed, bare feet. Some of t faces bear the marks of heavy savage ornaments which have been removed, or of tatooing and scarring rituals which h been outlived -- torn nostrils, lips and ear lobes, a nec curiously thin and weak from the enormously heavy metal b which used to surround it. Some of the children are naked near-naked. Nearly everybody dutifully shares open hymnal but it is obvious that few, if any, can read. The singing most of them is weirdly shy and inchoate -- a little like that of a neighborhood audience when a group "sing" is im upon them. But on certain high phrases a glad, rich, wet  soprano lifts out large and happy, very child-like; and a big male voice bleats forth joyous, jazz-like improvement on the tune, a little off-key. There are very few men pre We detail or bring into salience, bare feet slapping time and an anklet shimmying; a very earnest young married cou with the wedding ring prominent and an impressive phalanx children in tow; the owner of the happy soprano, a sweet, contented, pre-moral face; the owner of the big male voic the inevitable rather effeminate man in every congregatio who loves religion because he loves Beauty. He is immense pleased that he knows all the words (the others just dab them): he sings them without any knowledge of their meani they sound Hawaiian. Also, we SPOT a tremendously old,  wrinkled, bent-over woman, dressed in white like a good  Christian, but with a bone stuck through the septum of he nose. She croaks, toothless, bleary-eyed. These things must be disposed of by late in the first sta which continues: "Open now the crystal fountain Whence the living waters f Let the fiery, cloudy pillar Lead me all my journey throu We close on the old dame with the bone singing -- "...my journey through." o.s., on "...fiery, cloudy pilla a queer SOUND, steadily louder: the absurdly flatulent,  yammering syncopation of a rachitic steam motor. Eyes beg to wander from hymnals: CUT IN Brother frowning and singi harder trying to impose order; attention to the hymn begi to fall apart a little; FOLLOW the white, veering eyes to FRAME, through the open window.
1) 24) text: Rose joins them at the door.
1) 25) dialog: (indifferently) Good morning, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 27) text: Rose's prayer book is clamped under her sharp elbow. Her  walking is used to country, yet tight and spinsterish.
1) 45) dialog: You take sugar, Mr. Allnutt, I seem  to remember.
1) 48) dialog: And cream.
1) 50) text: Rose passes him his tea.
1) 51) dialog: Bread and butter?
1) 53) text: He picks up his cup an inch to drink and puts it down aga Nobody else is served yet. Rose fixes Brother's tea and p it beside him. She puts a slice of bread and butter on hi plate.
1) 55) text: Rose finishes fixing her own tea, and helps herself to br and-butter. She lifts her cup, not quite crooking her pin and sips. Allnutt still doesn't move; he is waiting for  Brother. Brother finishes and turns his page, and, withou shifting his eyes, finds his tea with a blind hand and bl drinks it and sets down the cup again. Allnutt, licensed, takes a big bite of bread-and-butter and picks up his cup and washes it down. By Rose's covered reaction, it is cle that she has been taught never, never to do this, but tha she expects no better of such as Allnutt. Allnutt sighs w and contentedly. This, too, is bad manners to Rose, but s takes it in her stride. They go on soberly eating bread-and-butter and drinking t The only SOUNDS are those of china, sipping, chewing and  swallowing. Nobody looks at anyone else. Brother and Rose are wholly, stiffly reposeful; they are used to this. All begins to get a little squirmy, like a child in church. T silence makes him visibly uneasy, but he tries not to sho his uneasiness. All of a sudden, out of the silence, there is a SOUND lik mandolin string being plucked. At first the sound is  unidentifiable, though instantly all three glance sharply up, each at the other two, then away; in the next instant they recognize what it is and each glances sharply,  incredulously, at the other two -- and then again, quickl away; then Brother and Rose glance with full recognition Allnutt, at the instant that he knows the belly-growl is  his. At the moment of recognition, he glances down at his middle with a look of embarrassed reproach. He glances up quickly and slyly -- hopeful they've missed it -- to find the eyes of both still fixed on him. The instant their ey meet they bounce apart like billiard balls, and fix on th first neutral object they happen to hit. Then Allnutt loo at them again: neither will look at him. All three lift their cups at the same moment, for a cover disembarrassing drink of tea. Rose and Allnutt simultaneo recognize what they are doing (Brother is pretending to r misses it, and goes ahead and drinks his), and both, at t same moment, lower their cups to saucers with an almost  simultaneous clink. Both look away from each other. Broth clears his throat rather loudly and turns a page. Rose an Allnutt reach for their cups; Brother beats them to it. W Brother has again put down his cup, Rose -- the tail of h eye on Allnutt -- picks up her cup and drinks, her eyes  carefully empty above the cup. Allnutt has his cup again the way to his mouth when his insides give out with a gro so long-drawn and terrible that Rose first flinches, then makes a noise across it with her spoon, stirring her tea. Brother tightens up like a fist, his first reflex being t this loud one is a calculated piece of effrontery. Allnut just endures it, with a look of suffering stoicism. When is over there is a tense silence. Allnutt slowly, slyly l up at Brother; he is stone. He looks to Rose; she is gazi far off into space. Allnutt is quite embarrassed, and kno they are. He does his best to relieve his own embarrassme and theirs.
1) 59) text: A silence. Rose looks at Allnutt; their eyes meet; he attempts a fri smile. Her face goes stony with embarrassment and she loo quickly away. So does he.
1) 60) dialog: (as soon as she can  manage it) Do have another cup of tea, Mr.  Allnutt.
1) 64) text: Rose looks stone deaf. She hands him his cup.
1) 68) dialog: Bread and butter, Mr. Allnutt?
1) 70) text: He takes some and eats. After a little chewing, his jaws  slow; he is expecting another growl and listens intently; does Rose; none comes, After a little, Allnutt relaxes an Rose relaxes at least to a state of armed truce. They are both munching methodically, eyes out of focus, when Broth takes a curiously official-mannered gulp of tea, sets dow his cup, and breaks the silence.
1) 73) dialog: Who's that, dear?
1) 76) dialog: (dubiously) I think I remember. It was so long  ago.
1) 78) dialog: Splendid.
1) 80) dialog: Oh!
1) 82) dialog: Of course.
1) 84) dialog: (pause) Yes.
1) 88) dialog: More tea, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 90) dialog: (insincerely) Don't hurry, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 93) text: Brother pushes back his chair. Allnutt pushes back his ch and gets up. Rose pats her lips with her handkerchief, pu back her chair, and gets up.
1) 95) dialog: Splendid.
1) 106) dialog: (electrified) England!!
1) 110) dialog: (with great intensity) But what's happened! What do you  know about it!
1) 122) dialog: (bridling) God has not forgotten this place,  Mr. Allnutt -- as my brother's  presence here bears witness.
1) 128) text: as Brother and Rose come through after him.
1) 132) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 134) dialog: Shouldn't we perhaps call him back?  Get to Limbasi while we can?
1) 136) dialog: No, I suppose not.
1) 137) text: By now, the boat is pulling out; Brother and Allnutt exch their not very friendly waves. Rose looks idly after Alln in Sunday boredom. Nothing is said for a few seconds afte the boat vanishes; the SOUND of the engine dwindles.
1) 139) text: As he speaks, CAMERA STARTS a coldly SLOW PAN, past the  chapel, and square onto the jungle, so altering its posit behind Brother and Rose that they are held in -- l.s. (wh before they were in r.s.). (N.B.: BY MID-PAN the ENGINE SOUND dies.) An almost nude native explodes from the wall of jungle,  running as fast as he can, bellowing breathlessly in Swah and English. Until they hear his bellowing, Brother's and Rose's heads are still ANGLED AWAY from jungle -- not tow river still, but idle and unfocused. With the first sound his voice, their heads turn sharply, with weary impatienc not alarm, towards the sound. The native does not pause in the village, though he shout vague things in Swahili as he runs, setting up a kind of  helpless agitation among the villagers; in b.g. we see st more of them coming with lazy interest out of their huts, while the native tears towards the bungalow bellowing,  breathlessly.
1) 143) text: The eyes of Brother and Rose abruptly lift beyond the run and come into focus as hard as hawks; almost instantly, t faces become terrible with recognition, despair, and cour and, for the moment with uncertainty, still, whether such emotions are needed.
1) 147) text: o.s., the SOUND of their feet on the front steps. They co swiftly into the SHOT BELOW the CAMERA and walk fast, Ros trailing, towards the officer. After only a few steps Bro begins to trot, ungainly; Rose, still more ungainly, in h narrow skirt, trots too.
1) 156) dialog: (at same instant,  squatting beside  him, turning his  head; she is beside  herself) Judkins!
1) 157) text: CLOSE UP -- BROTHER -- (SHOOTING DOWN PAST ROSE) as she t his head.
1) 159) dialog: (across his words) Oh, Judkins. Brother dear. Come,  dear. Come, Brother.
1) 160) text: She helps him to his feet; past them, the officer and his guard walk briskly, aloofly away, and past the whole busi as Brother and Rose get up and the CAMERA LIFTS to normal eye level with them, a much later stage of the destructio of the village is visible in b.g. and is implied o.s. by  Brother's eyes. Brother's eyes, scorched-looking, appalled, all but demen flick from horror to horror; he is watching the annihilat of his life's work and, to his mind, the annihilation of  Christian and potential Christian souls; his head quavers the negative gesture like that of a paretic; his mouth, a hard up to this moment, trembles now and looks curiously  large and sensual.
1) 162) text: Rose is in the SHOT with him; shorter and less favored th he is. Her eyes are constantly upon his face. Tears come of her eyes, but she is doing no vocal crying. She is wat his heart break and, essentially, she is watching him die and knows it.
1) 169) dialog: gets up, deep concern on her face, comes quickly to him,  bringing both into SHOT, and lays a hand against his fore Her reaction infers that Brother has a terribly high feve
1) 170) dialog: You must wear your hat!
1) 172) text: Rose starts to lead and support his obstinacy, CAMERA WIT THEM, towards his bedroom door.
1) 173) dialog: You must lie down a bit. You're not  at all well.
1) 175) dialog: You're not well enough. Lie down a  bit, dear.
1) 177) dialog: I'll help you off with your things.
1) 181) text: He shuts the door in her face. For a moment she stands outside the door as if paralyzed. Then she starts somewhere fast. CLOSE UP -- THEIR FORLORNLY POPULATED BOOKSHELF. Rose hurries into the SHOT and takes down a large obsoles looking Home-Medical Compodium.
1) 182) dialog: SHOOTING LOW across the bleak dining room table as she hu the big book to it and opens it. She is standing. She is  still in a painful rush through the index when o.s. there the NOISE of a catastrophic fall.
1) 187) dialog: (almost whispering) Brother! Brother dear!
1) 190) dialog: (whispering -- almost  by reflex) Amen. (with a long a)
1) 192) dialog: I'm here with you, Brother dear.  Right here beside you.
1) 194) text: There is deep pain on Rose's face. She almost wants to sa something, but knows the senselessness of it. She just ke looking at him and listening.
1) 196) text: He is silent; she is motionless. Slowly LIFT CAMERA, losi Brother, CENTERING ROSE IN CLOSE UP.
1) 205) dialog: (o.s., a dry quiet  voice with the calm  of exhaustion in it) Come in, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 206) text: Her voice startles him as much as it should ourselves. He peers again, forehead wrinkled like a monkey's. He can't her. He shyly opens and comes through the door, mumbling  something apologetic and subversal. As he catches sight of her, SWING CAMERA to RIGHT, losing him, and PICK ROSE UP, MEDIUM CLOSE. She is past the angl of visibility from the screen door. She is in a wicker ro chair, sitting quite primly, working with those rings on  which embroidering is done. She glances up at him with ey like fused glass -- then quickly back to her needlework. is clear by the over-precision of her motions, and their  rigidity and tension, that she is under great strain, but this is to be keyed low and simple.
1) 209) dialog: (quietly, as before) Thank God you've come.
1) 211) dialog: (o.S.) Sit down, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 216) dialog: Yes, they got here. Just after you  left.
1) 220) dialog: (a quieter, remote  voice) Burning villages.
1) 222) dialog: Poor helpless natives!
1) 224) dialog: (same dead voice) Oh, trust them.
1) 226) dialog: (quietly, always) They are fiends out of hell... His  whole life's work smashed. Ruined.  In a few minutes.
1) 228) dialog: (pause; quietly) He's dead.
1) 230) dialog: They killed him.
1) 232) dialog: They didn't shoot him, Mr. Allnutt.  But they are accountable to God just  as surely as if they had.
1) 234) dialog: They broke his heart. He didn't take  care of himself. He didn't want to  live.
1) 237) dialog: Early this morning. (an odd gesture) He's in there.
1) 239) dialog: I beg your pardon?
1) 241) text: Rose nods.
1) 243) dialog: Behind the bungalow.
1) 245) dialog: Clear out?
1) 247) dialog: Why should they? They left nothing.
1) 249) dialog: Where will we go?
1) 251) dialog: (a pause; then with  quick decision) I'll get my things ready.
1) 254) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Allnutt.
1) 260) text: Rose, without looking at him or at the grave, and without speaking, walks away; he picks up his spade and follows. MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT at the edge of the porch. Rose pauses, looks over towards Brother's grave for the l time. Allnutt stands beside her, carrying her suitcase, n wanting to hurry her again, but wishing she'd get a move
1) 263) dialog: (really meaning it;  but very restrained  and prim) It was very kind of you, Mr. Allnutt,  to think of the cross.
1) 265) text: Rose walks down the steps and towards the river. Allnutt  eagerly keeps pace. We SWING the CAMERA losing the grave, and passing and losing the chapel, and centering them get smaller along the bare ground in the hot sunlight, bringi in the river beyond them.
1) 268) dialog: (with the upward  English inflection --  a little as if he  had passed her a  teacup) Thank -- you?
1) 269) text: Allnutt steps aboard. MEDIUM SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Rose sits down at the rea of the boat and looks around her. Her feet are drawn unde her and knees close together and hands lightly folded on knees (perhaps a lady's scrap of handkerchief in one hand as prim, genteel and ladylike as if, on a holiday afterno she were about to be rowed across an artificial lake fift yards wide. And that is more or less the way she glances  about her in her new surroundings -- politely and  restrainedly, as if a little critical of a parlor somewha humbler than her own. (This SHOT, at the very beginning of her voyage, is to be quite touching, delicate and ironical, and through her ve genteelism and total unconcern for what she is up against an unawareness -- we begin already to sense her complete  intrepidity.) Allnutt pauses to light up a cigarette before getting to  work. He hangs the cigarette inside his upper lip. This  cigarette, dead or alive, is a chronic fixture with Allnu Allnutt kneels in the bottom of the boat and addresses hi to the engine. He hauls out a panful of hot ashes and dum them overside with a sizzle and a splutter. He fills the  furnace with fresh wood from a pile beside him, and soon  smoke appears from the funnel, and we hear the ROAR of th draught. The engine begins to sigh and splutter, and then begins to leak gray pencils of steam. Allnutt peers at hi gauges, thrusts in some more wood, and then leaps forward around the engine, displaying monkeyish agility in handli more tasks than he quite has the hands or the stamina for With grunts and heaves of the small windlass, he hauls in the anchor, the sweat pouring from him in rivers. We see  already that he is physically not a strong man. Allnutt thrusts mightily at the muddy bank with a long po snatches the pole on board again, and then rushes aft to tiller.
1) 271) text: He sweeps her aside unceremoniously (she is astonished bu quickly reassembles herself) and he puts the tiller over  just in time to save the boat from running into the bank. CAMERA IN on Rose, resettling her plumage, and on Allnutt the tiller. The river bank starts to swing in square to t stern. Their eyes are past the CAMERA. MEDIUM SHOT -- (MOVING WITH BOAT) -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Ros is deeply sad and very tired, but a very quiet kind of  exhilaration is already growing in her; and still more  clearly, her calm and tremendous, unreflecting resolutene begins to show. A pause.
1) 272) dialog: Mr. Allnutt.
1) 274) dialog: What are the chances of our getting  out through Limbasi on the railway  to the Coast?
1) 276) dialog: Then how do we get out, Mr. Allnutt?
1) 278) text: Rose's astonishment at this suggestion keeps her from  replying.
1) 280) text: Allnutt stands up and Rose takes over the tiller, holding the iron rod resolutely. Allnutt goes to his engine and i violently active once more. He pulls open the furnace doo and thrusts in a few sticks of fuel; then he scrambles up into the bow and stands balanced on the cargo. The river studded with islands so that it appears as if there were dozen different channels.
1) 282) text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE She is confused by the command.
1) 284) text: MOVING SHOT -- THE LAUNCH The boat crawls up a narrow tun of leaf and shade. (If color photography is used, the SHO would be startingly juicy and green -- many shades of gre reflected in rich brown water.) Allnutt comes leaping back over the cargo and shuts off t engine; the propeller stops vibrating. Allnutt dashes into the bow again. Just as the trees (SHO PAST ROSE and her interest in it) begin apparently to mov forward again as the current overcomes the boat's way, he lets go the anchor with a rattling CRASH, and almost with a jerk the launch comes to a standstill. A great silence seems to close in on them -- the silence a tropical river at noon. The only SOUND is the subdued r and gargle of the water. The sober air is filled with a  strange light -- a green light. Allnutt turns from his work at the anchor. He and Rose lo about them and at each other, for a moment mysteriously  bemused by the stillness and by the beauty of the place. sudden quietness and the look of the place are richly  romantic; the two people are quieted by it, but they are  wholly unaware of any such potentiality between them. The are just a couple of oddly assorted derelicts who hardly  even know each other, and don't care for what little they know. A pause.
1) 286) text: He laughs at his joke and is disappointed when Rose does join him.
1) 287) dialog: I'm afraid, Mr. Allnutt, that what  you suggest is quite impossible.
1) 289) text: Rose opens the map and starts studying it.
1) 291) dialog: (blankly) The Louisa? What's that?
1) 293) dialog: What's that?
1) 295) dialog: I see.
1) 297) dialog: This river, the Ulanga, runs into  the lake, doesn't it?
1) 299) dialog: Why not?
1) 301) dialog: He got down it. I remember.
1) 303) text: While he talks, Rose begins to look restive and vague, as well as discouraged. By the time he is through, she has s up, CAMERA WITH HER; she hardly hears him. She strolls a  little aimlessly PAST THE CAMERA, which SWINGS TO CENTER BACK as she walks forward. As if half in her sleep, she  sidesteps the engine. REVERSE ANGLE -- ROSE (SHOOTING FROM THE BOW) as Rose  sidesteps. She walks toward CAMERA into MEDIUM CLOSE UP,  eyes glazing with dreamlike concentration. She sees somet before and below her eye-level; stops, focusing on it. CLOSE SHOT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE) -- THE GELATINE CASES n marked or labeled as such.
1) 307) dialog: 
1) 308) dialog: What did you say is in these boxes  with the red lines on them?
1) 309) text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ALLNUTT -- (FROM ROSE'S ANGLE) loung and lazy.
1) 312) dialog: (head towards him,  away from CAMERA) Isn't it dangerous?
1) 314) dialog: (sharply, yet absently  as she turns into  CAMERA) No. We may need it.
1) 316) dialog: (not looking up) Mr. Allnutt --
1) 322) dialog: 
1) 323) dialog: (sharply, yet still  more subconsciously  and quietly than  before) I wouldn't do that.
1) 325) dialog: They look like -- like torpedoes.
1) 326) text: "Torpedoes" is spoken over: INSERT -- CYLINDERS -- a new and most deadly possible loo SHOT of the cylinders. STILL CLOSER SHOT -- ROSE Slowly she raises her eyes from floor angle to normal; a wild light is dawning in her eye
1) 327) dialog: (in the voice almost  of a medium) Mr. Allnutt --
1) 331) text: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE) walki slowly and somewhat portentously towards him.
1) 332) dialog: (full of the wild  light) You're a machinist, aren't you? Wasn't  that your position at the mine?
1) 335) text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE -- (FROM ALLNUTT'S ANGLE) disconcertin close.
1) 336) dialog: Could you make a torpedo?
1) 338) dialog: Could you make a torpedo.
1) 341) text: He relaxes; his manner is "The State Rests." SWING CAMERA to center Rose, still perched on the gunwale
1) 342) dialog: (after a short pause;  unperturbed) But all those things, those gyroscopes  and things, they're only to make it  go, aren't they?
1) 345) dialog: 
1) 346) dialog: (at the height of her  inventiveness; the  words triumphant and  almost stumbling out) Well! We've got The African Queen.
1) 348) dialog: If we put this -- this blasting stuff --  in the front of the boat here -- and  a -- what did you say -- deno --  detonator there, why that would be a  torpedo, wouldn't it?
1) 351) dialog: 
1) 352) dialog: Then if we ran the boat against the  side of a ship, they'd -- well, they'd  go off, just like a torpedo. (somewhat doubtfully,  in a return to her  submissive feminine  habit) Wouldn't they?
1) 355) dialog: I wasn't thinking that we should be  in the launch. Couldn't we get  everything ready and have a -- what  do you call it -- a good head of  steam up and point the launch toward  the ship and then dive off before it  hit? Wouldn't that do?
1) 357) dialog: Oh, yes there is.
1) 359) dialog: Something to torpedo.
1) 361) dialog: The Louisa.
1) 363) dialog: Spengler did.
1) 365) text: Rose looks stubborn.
1) 366) dialog: If a German did it, we can, too.
1) 368) dialog: How do you know? You've never tried.
1) 370) text: A pause. They look at each other, Rose much more fixedly searchingly than Allnutt
1) 371) dialog: In other words, you are refusing to  help your country in her hour of  need, Mr. Allnutt?
1) 373) dialog: Well then --!
1) 375) text: Allnutt stands perplexed and inarticulate, his cigarette  drooping from his upper lip. His wandering gaze strays fr Rose's feet, up her white drill frock to her face; he sta slightly at her implacable expression.
1) 376) dialog: Very well, let's get started.
1) 378) dialog: (impatiently) Yes, now. Come along.
1) 380) dialog: We can go a long way in two hours.
1) 381) text: Allnutt starts to speak; refrains; limps over to windlass and raises the anchor. Rose watches him. CAMERA PANS afte The African Queen as Allnutt backs her out into the chann then turns her nose downstream.
1) 385) text: Rose nods. Her hand takes a firmer, more authoritative ho on the tiller.
1) 387) text: Rose again shifts her hand a little; and she sits up very straight with her new sense of responsibility.
1) 389) dialog: I've heard of them.
1) 391) dialog: Isn't that a bit -- well, silly? Why  not just say left and right?
1) 393) dialog: Why yes, I see. It's really quite --  sensible, isn't it?
1) 395) text: Rose puts the tiller to starboard; the launch swerves a l to port. She looks at Allnutt, bewildered. Allnutt is qui amused.
1) 397) dialog: (eagerly) Oh, I see!
1) 398) text: Rose lifts her own hand from the tiller to show; the boat yaws abruptly.
1) 400) text: Rose, startled, grabs the tiller and rights her course.
1) 401) dialog: (blushing) Sorry.
1) 403) dialog: Why, the water -- well -- pushes  against the rudder, where it turns,  and -- sort of drags the boat that  way. Turns it.
1) 405) text: Rose looks as pleased as if she had personally invented t rudder.
1) 407) dialog: Is that all there is to it?
1) 409) dialog: Read?
1) 411) dialog: Steer clear of. Why, that's where  that expression comes from.
1) 417) text: Rose looks very seriously, almost reprimandingly, towards the "V."
1) 422) dialog: her eyes to starboard. Again the light is later. Rose's f is a shade more pleased and in bloom than before.
1) 423) dialog: (pointing) What's that queer flat place, Mr.  Allnutt?
1) 429) dialog: It makes us -- it -- pushes the boat  around?
1) 435) dialog: (louder) Oh. Of course.
1) 436) text: Allnutt is intently busy at the feed pump -- this time, a brief operation. Rose watches him out; he does a little  refueling. (Wood is piled high in the waist now, drying i the sun.) (NOTE: From here on until indicated, no TWO SHOTS. Allnut is amidship, in hot sunlight; Rose, at stern, in cool, br shadow of awning.)
1) 437) dialog: What was the matter, Mr. Allnutt?
1) 439) dialog: What happens when the feed pump  chokes?
1) 442) dialog: Why, so we can go, of course.
1) 444) text: Rose looks blank, and interested.
1) 446) dialog: Oh. The water doesn't push against  the rudder hard enough to --
1) 448) text: Rose looks at him, for the first time aware that he is as important to navigation as she is.
1) 450) text: He adds another couple of pieces of wood. Rose nods, and  takes on both a sense of dignity and a sense of  interdependence.
1) 454) dialog: steering. There is something regal about the way she sits holding the tiller, as though it were a scepter.
2) 6) dialog: watching with a kind of fascination.
2) 9) dialog: 
2) 10) dialog: (horrified whisper) What is it?
2) 12) dialog: (appalled) No!
2) 14) dialog: She is in conflict between her intensifying fascination, her sense of actually watching something forbidden and ev outrageous. Impulses play through her, covertly suggested her face, to protest, to appeal to his better nature, eve to snatch the drink from him. And now a new shading enter her face. All she has seen up to now as mere preparation sin: now she is witnessing Sin itself. Something related fear begins to enter her face.
2) 16) dialog: eyes still more fixed, fascinated and full of wild doubts and suppositions.
2) 18) dialog: as she watches him very sharp. She is puzzled by how quie and peaceable he is, but she knows better than to trust h She is waiting for the trouble she is sure is bound to co o.s., Allnutt hiccups slightly. She tightens and withdraw little more, then comes to a standstill.
2) 21) dialog: 
2) 22) dialog: (shortly) No.
2) 26) dialog: By the way she lets out a long, long-held breath, we real for the first time the extremity of tension she has been  under. PULL AWAY to INCLUDE ALLNUTT, as Rose relaxes all over, a but trembling, between relief and her ravenous need for t
2) 27) dialog: (able to speak now) Ohhh! Yes!
2) 30) dialog: (also a little formally) 'k you?
2) 33) dialog: (in a tea-wet voice,  more relaxed and  female than at any  time before) It's simply delicious!
2) 36) text: He tastes his again. Living to himself, he has not been m interested in taste and such. Rose sets down her cup and, angling her sharp, long-sleev elbows high, extracts a long pin from her hat, lays it be her and lifts the big, dark hat from her head and lays th beside her too, and carefully thrusts the pin back into t hat and briefly tidies her tight hair. Then, picking up h cup again, she drains the last of her tea.
2) 37) dialog: (holding out her cup) If you please?
2) 39) dialog: Almost ten years.
2) 41) dialog: Manchester.
2) 44) dialog: Every day of my life.
2) 46) dialog: It's always Sunday afternoons I think  of -- the peace and quiet.
2) 51) dialog: Crocodiles? No.
2) 53) dialog: 
2) 54) dialog: (spontaneous,  unconsidered) I'd like one too.
2) 58) dialog: She is semi-aware of a change in herself, but still  irresistibly spontaneous.
2) 59) dialog: Very well.
2) 62) dialog: (coolly) Very well, Mr. Allnutt.
2) 64) dialog: Rose looks after him, checking the six-inch width of the  funnel which will stand between them; not much concerned. While she watches, she is undoing her dress at its cuffs at its high neck. She stands and takes it off over her he with a voluminous motion. She starts to remove an underga and hesitates, frowning a little; compresses her lips and clearly, decides not to remove the garment.
2) 69) dialog: eyes not too quickly forward. She is not shocked, excited or self-conscious; just calmly interested. (o.s., prodigi KICKINGS and SPLASHINGS and WHOOSHINGS as Allnutt takes h bath.) Slowly her head goes lower in the SHOT and her hea and shoulders begin to twist as she turns to cling to the gunwale. Bring up WATER SOUND a little. As she lets her b loose into the water, CAMERA SWINGS loose along it; it is clear as she lengthens out and submerges that she is wear bloomers and camisole.
2) 72) dialog: Her head emerges from the white drill dress into which sh is shuffling herself; the head, with its slightly dampene hair (which is still pinned up, but strands are loose) lo so refreshed and integrated in the lantern light that it as if it were brand new. With somewhat freer motions than she has made before, she pulls, straightens and pats the  dress, and buttons it at the bosom.
2) 74) dialog: Yes.
2) 77) dialog: Where will you sleep?
2) 80) dialog: The -- explosives?
2) 83) text: The idea is queer to Rose, but everything is now.
2) 84) dialog: (a little curtly) All right.
2) 86) dialog: All right.
2) 88) dialog: finishing her hair into the second of two short, tight br She reaches into the tin box and under the dark dress and brings out the folded spare clothing. SOUND of the pictur rattling against the bottom. With one hand she puts her h and her comb in on top. She closes the box. HOLD on the c box a moment.
2) 89) dialog: On one rug and beneath another, in her dress, Rose arrang the spare clothes as a pillow and settles her head; from instant it settles she is immensely but not unhappily tir Over Allnutt's line, o.s., her eyes focus and follow his  sentence, sleepily in the lantern light.
2) 91) dialog: Quite ready.
2) 95) dialog: in the lowered light.
2) 96) dialog: (as quietly and  impersonally) Good night, Mr. Allnutt.
2) 97) text: o.s., the SOUND of his blowing out the lantern; darkness. The darkness is almost total for a second; then there is  faint visibility. o.s., very subdued, the brief SOUNDS of Allnutt's settling-down; then silence from him. Deeply subdued, the SOUNDS of water slowly dwindle and di entirely, and Rose's eyes are closed. Her mouth softens a little and opens a little; in sleep her face is even more deeply virginal than when she is awake. But now in her sl one hand moves up to her throat and slips inside her dres next the skin.
2) 108) dialog: Mr. Allnutt!
2) 110) dialog: (across his line; her  eyes cold blaze) What are you doing here?
2) 114) dialog: 
2) 115) dialog: (measuring her words,  with her really  terrifying quiet  anger) Get out -- this instant!
2) 117) dialog: settling down prostrate again. Her eyes follow him in col fury.
2) 119) dialog: The thunderbolt makes her leap like a salmon; spray from rain gets at her face, even under the awning. Now she  understands and she is a bit embarrassed and sorry; her  changed eyes look at Allnutt.
2) 121) dialog: (o.s.) Mr. Allnutt.
2) 123) dialog: 
2) 124) dialog: (calling loudly) Mr. Allnutt!
2) 126) dialog: (loud, o.s.) You may come in out of the rain, Mr.  Allnutt!
2) 127) text: He looks unsure of himself, but gets up and comes towards her. He stumbles against an awning stanchion and gets a  cataract down his neck and comes along under the profusel leaky awning towards Rose, stooping, then lying down and  adjusting his bedding; he is whimpering gently.
2) 129) dialog: 
2) 130) dialog: Certainly, Mr. Allnutt.
2) 133) dialog: Yes, Mr. Allnutt?
2) 135) dialog: That's quite all right, Mr. Allnutt.
2) 137) dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Allnutt.
2) 142) dialog: at the tiller. There is a new shading of pleasure and  confidence in her expression. She is almost smiling.
2) 145) dialog: What a frightfully strong smell,  isn't it! I suppose it's bound to be  at its worst in the middle of the  day.
2) 147) dialog: The river. I never realized before  how very strongly it smells.
2) 150) dialog: It's like marigolds. Stale ones.
2) 152) dialog: Well, they smell just like this.
2) 154) dialog: They're very pretty, though.  Marigolds.
2) 158) dialog: Mr. Allnutt.
2) 160) dialog: What is that roaring sound?
2) 162) dialog: Really? So soon?
2) 164) dialog: You be ready to -- but I'd like to  try it.
2) 167) text: Past him, wild water, rocks, a swiftly moving, ragged sho He is pretending to tinker with the engine, in order to l Rose alone with her fear. He is a little scared, knowing  that Rose is a neophyte at steering and being a woman, ma get rattled -- but mainly he is feeling fine -- by God,  this'll big rapids. He takes time off for a quick glance  back at her (o.s.); turning back to his tinkering, his fa is even more satisfied.
2) 168) dialog: Her face is extraordinarily chiseled and tense; her eyes hard as diamonds. We can easily suppose her expression to one of cold terror, as Allnutt does.
2) 172) dialog: Enough? Of what, Mr. Allnutt?
2) 174) dialog: Very much indeed. (Allnutt's eyes change;  his mouth falls open  a little) I'd never dreamed that any -- any  mere -- er -- physical experience  could be so -- so stimulating.
2) 175) text: He just keeps looking at her. He begins to need a cigaret Without taking his eyes off her he gets one out. Rose is  quite unaware of what she is doing to Allnutt -- much  friendlier in her tone than ever before.
2) 176) dialog: (fishing up the mot  juste) So -- exhilarating.
2) 178) dialog: I notice that near rocks, the water  seems to push away from the rock.  One must take that into account in  steering, mustn't one?
2) 180) dialog: You know, I've only known such --  excitement a few times before.
2) 182) dialog: A few times, in my dear Brother's  sermons, when the Spirit was really  upon him.
2) 184) dialog: Tell me, Mr. Allnutt.
2) 187) dialog: I steered rather well for a beginner,  didn't I?
2) 189) dialog: I can hardly wait! (Allnutt looks as if  he could wait quite  a while. A pause) Now that I've had a taste of it I  don't wonder you love boating!
2) 190) text: He gives her one last flabbergasted, hopeless look, wheel abruptly and walks away -- CAMERA SWINGING, losing Rose - and sits near the engine, turned away from her, looking  crumpled and beaten. He is still shaking his head. o.s.,  blithely, Rose hums the opening bars of Guide Me, O Thou  Great Jehovah. Allnutt shifts a little as if to look at her; hasn't the  heart to; shudders faintly; and stretches his shaking han toward the furnace.
2) 194) dialog: (gently) Is something the matter, Mr. Allnutt?
2) 196) dialog: (gently, again) Tell me.
2) 202) dialog: (after waiting him  out) I want to understand. I just can't  imagine what's the matter. It's been  such a pleasant day. (pause) What is it, Mr. Allnutt?
2) 205) dialog: What do you mean?
2) 207) text: He needs a drink on this, but Rose interrupts.
2) 208) dialog: Why, of course we're going! What an  absurd idea!
2) 211) dialog: (with a glimmer of  tact) Why don't you want to go, Mr. Allnutt?
2) 213) dialog: (quietly) Why don't you want to go?
2) 216) dialog: (quietly) Why, Mr. Allnutt?
2) 218) dialog: Shona!
2) 220) dialog: But they can't do anything to us!
2) 222) dialog: Then we'll go by at night.
2) 224) dialog: (with asperity) Now why not?
2) 226) dialog: Then we'll go in daylight. We'll go  on the far side of the river from  Shona, just as fast as ever we can.
2) 230) text: SLOW FADE on Rose as first daylight begins to appear. FAD
3) 2) dialog: She is in painfully bright, early sunlight, and she is we white. She has lifted the bottles and the case to the ben beside her. She kneels on the bench, aloof to the CAMERA. She tosses the empty bottle astern. She is on the verge o disposing of the gin in the nearly-empty bottle; on secon thought she sniffs at it with mistrustful curiosity; her  reaction indicates disgust with the smell, with Drink, an with Allnutt. She turns the bottle upsidedown and lets th contents pour overside into the river, and tosses the bot contemptuously astern.
3) 9) dialog: She is emptying gin and pays him no attention.
3) 17) dialog: 
3) 20) dialog: She is watching him. SOUNDS, o.s., of the gin emptying, a of his drinking. She is aware he may fall in and she does care.
3) 22) dialog: She is opening another bottle and casually watching him, as casually looking away. She is pitiless, vengeful,  contemptuous, and disgusted.
3) 25) dialog: She ignores him completely; she lays the flap back from s canned meat.
3) 27) dialog: She is slicing bread; she ignores him. His coughing is lo o.s.
3) 30) dialog: She is sitting on a side-bench in the shade of the awning calmly reading her Bible. She is in a clean white dress,  exactly like the one she wore yesterday. Not a hair is ou of place in her tight hair-do. Her bare feet are crossed  demurely at the ankles. She sits up straight. She looks v cool, considering the weather. PULL BACK, bringing in her day's work: up past her left,  pinned to the edge of the awning, hang her newly-laundere dress and undergarments, full of sunlight. There are a fe ineradicable streaks of grease in the dress. On the bench her right, her sewing-basket and some evidently finished  sewing chores. o.s., the steady GURGLING of river water among the treero of the bank; the nervous SCRAPING of a razor.
3) 33) text: He glances sharply at Rose to see if she has taken any no She does not glance up. Allnutt resents this bitterly. He finishes shaving, and strokes his smooth cheeks with  satisfaction. Rose turns a page. With a Rembrandt's patie and concern, he perfects, with his comb, the ideal coiffu with an artistic quiff along the forehead. His eyes go va He treats himself, in reflection, to his idea of what the Lord of Creation should look like. Then he glances toward Rose, who keeps on reading. His look is aloof, miles abov her.
3) 40) text: PULL AWAY to TWO SHOT of Rose and Allnutt, as he awaits h reaction. No answer.
3) 42) text: Rose does not stir. Allnutt is running low. A little sile now. He watches her read.
3) 50) text: Watchful, listening, he walks out of SHOT; CAMERA LOWERS Rose, whose quiet, pitiless eyes -- wholly unamused -- fo him secretly. The ECHO returns to her; she resumes readin
3) 53) dialog: There isn't a bug near her. Taking her time, she finishes the last page and, not hurrying, but without pause, start right in on Genesis. SWING CAMERA, losing Rose, bringing Allnutt into CLOSEUP. hates her and the Good Book. PULL AWAY into TWO SHOT -- of Rose and Allnutt. After a f moments of silent, motionless tableau, Allnutt hating, Ro reading, he speaks.
3) 55) dialog: (remotely) Nature, Mr. Allnutt, is what we are  put into this world to rise above.
3) 58) dialog: So you think it was your nasty  drunkenness I mind.
3) 61) dialog: You lied to me.
3) 63) dialog: You promised we'd go down the river.
3) 66) dialog: Of course.
3) 69) dialog: You promised.
3) 74) text: He is asleep on his box of high explosives. o.s., SOUNDS early birds -- and of Rose's bustling, and of a strong br and of leaves. Presently he stirs, groans and opens his e After a moment he glances in her direction.
3) 75) dialog: She is readying the fire for tea.
3) 80) text: Rose straightens up and doesn't even see him, and turns a walks away, CAMERA on her, losing Allnutt. She sits on the stern bench and gets out bread and one mu and a can, and starts opening the can. He does not exist. After a few seconds, he walks into the SHOT, BACK-TO, and sits down on a right-angle bench, a few feet away from he She continues opening the can. He lights a cigarette from the open tin; it is damp and swollen from the night air,  lights slowly, and tastes poorly, but he tries to make th best of it. o.s., the SOUND of hot water joins that of the crackling  fire. Rose gets up with a cloth for the hot handle and wa up past Allnutt into CLOSE UP and OUT OF SHOT. SOUNDS, o.s., of her getting out the water and shutting t door. Allnutt's eyes follow her, wretchedly, wherever she goes. She reenters the SHOT, BACK-TO, and returns to her place, still ignoring Allnutt, and starts fixing tea for herself
3) 82) dialog: She is stirring her tea and now she drinks some.
3) 84) dialog: Now she is eating bread and canned meat.
3) 87) dialog: She meets his eyes, immediately, but says nothing.
3) 92) dialog: (quietly) Have some breakfast, Mr. Allnutt.
3) 94) dialog: Or, no. Get up steam. Breakfast can  wait.
3) 100) dialog: (o.s., calling  something not fully  distinguishable, as) Which bank is Shona on?
3) 102) dialog: She is at the tiller but in spite of cross-bucking the wa she now has the casualness of experience. Except for much more difficult steering, she doesn't have to think much a it now. Her hair is done up, but has blown part free. Her dress is flecked with the dampness of blowing water.
3) 103) dialog: (shouting) Which bank is Shona on?
3) 105) dialog: (shouting) Good. The sun will be in their eyes.
3) 107) dialog: (louder, gesturing) The sun. Will be in their eyes.
3) 109) dialog: Her eyes strain curiously after him.
3) 114) dialog: She is watching him curiously.
3) 117) dialog: (o.s., not quite  distinguishably) Don't worry, Mr. Allnutt.
3) 124) dialog: (shouting and pointing) Mr. Allnutt!
3) 128) dialog: She is near the bank. She straightens her course.
3) 134) dialog: She nods, and crouches below the benches, her hand still  high to steer. INSERT: THE RUBBER HOSE. as it bursts; a strong spume of water.
3) 139) dialog: anxious and much interested, but no fear.
3) 141) text: Rose looks uncomprehending.
3) 144) dialog: She nods. She releases the tiller. o.s., the SOUND of a  bullet; followed, seconds later, by the REPORT of a rifle Rose looks towards Shona and towards Allnutt.
3) 178) dialog: curious about the sound. Now comes the straggling REPORTS RIFLES; a volley echoing back from cliff to cliff. INSERT: Allnutt completes his taping.
3) 180) dialog: (o.s.) Finished?
3) 184) dialog: She nods. She is watching anxiously, helplessly.
3) 193) dialog: as a bullet WHINES past overhead. o.s., the furnace door  CLANKS SHUT and there is an increased SOUND of fire. She  looks reprimandingly towards the bank. We can scarcely se the figures of the officers and men. The rifle REPORT com through.
3) 205) text: She doesn't understand; she does nothing. He gestures -- manipulation of a tiller. Rose takes it. The SINGING of the bullets is all but inaudible, but thre hit the boat. Allnutt starts the engine. It stammers and  gulps and dies. The boat swings with great speed into dee cool shadow as he tries again. It stammers and catches, a dies.
3) 207) text: There is terrific tension in his face, but he is much too busy to be frightened. Rose's face is a sharpening image her face among the easier rapids. Now that they have come within close, high stone banks, the ROAR is prodigious. Allnutt, below SCENE, is working on the engine.
3) 216) text: She rides the mad tide like a Valkyrie, weaving a safe co through the clustering dangers. There comes a place where the river widens and the sweep the current takes The African Queen over to the opposite  bank, as if she were no more than a chip of wood. Rose tu at the tiller with all her strength. The bows come around It looks for a space as if the stern would be flung again the rocks. The boat just manages to hold her way. Then a backwash catches her, flinging her out again into  midstream, so that Rose has to force the tiller across wi lightning swiftness. Hardly are they straight again when banks close in upon them and Rose must instantly pick out fresh course, through the rocks that stud the surface in  flurries of white foam.
3) 222) dialog: She nods, to show her understanding of their plight.
3) 225) dialog: as she throws her weight on the tiller
3) 226) dialog: (shouting) Stop the engine!
3) 230) dialog: as she starts to rise, but finding herself weak in the kn sits back momentarily. Despite an empty feeling in her st and a pounding heart, she wears a smile of satisfaction. She looks around. They are moored in what must be one of loveliest corners of Africa. There are numerous shelves o the high banks bearing flowering plants which trail shimm wreaths down over the rocks. A beam of sunlight reaches o the edge of the gorge and turns its spray into a dancing  shadow. The NOISE of the fall is not deafening, but rathe pleasant musical accompaniment to the joyful SINGING of t river.
3) 231) dialog: How lovely!
3) 233) dialog: (continuing) Lovely, isn't it.
3) 235) dialog: (coming out of her  reverie) Here -- let me do that.
3) 237) dialog: Please let me.
3) 239) text: Rose applies herself to the pump. It takes her a little w to get into the right rhythm, and when she does, even so  small a thing as this brings a thrill of achievement.
3) 240) dialog: I hardly know what happened after  Shona. Everything's a jumble. I have  no idea how far we've come or whether  it's morning or afternoon or --
3) 243) dialog: (hesitantly) Did I -- do all right?
3) 248) dialog: Let me.
3) 250) dialog: No, there's nothing there now.
3) 253) text: He lingers on the bench, gazing up at the flowers, while  Rose lingers on her knees at his feet.
3) 255) text: Rose looks up at his face. There is something appealing,  almost childlike about the little man as he looks wonderi around. Her expression grows tender; she would like to pe him. He looks down at her. She averts her eyes.
3) 257) text: Allnutt never tells what it reminds him of. He puts out h hand toward Rose. She catches it -- to hold it, not to pu it away. Allnutt comes down to his knees and they are in  each other's arms.
3) 261) dialog: as she pours tea into two cups, and moves with them towar the stern, CAMERA PANNING WITH HER as she crosses to the  sleeping Allnutt. CAMERA MOVES into CLOSE TWO SHOT as she kneels beside Allnutt and puts one tea-cup down close to outstretched hand.
3) 262) dialog: (softly) Mr. Allnutt. I mean -- dear.
3) 265) dialog: Two spoonfuls of sugar is right,  isn't it?
3) 267) text: Rose regards him tenderly for a long moment; then, with a birdlike movement, she kisses him on the cheek. Allnutt p his arms around her.
3) 268) dialog: Dear -- there's something I simply  must know.
3) 270) dialog: (after a blushing  interval) What's your first name?
3) 272) dialog: (to herself like a  schoolgirl) Charlie... Charlie... Charlie...
3) 274) dialog: (her arms around him,  kissing him) Charlie! Charlie dear...
3) 275) text: They hold each other for a while. Then she slips out of h arms, hands him his cup and they begin stirring their tea Rose looks at the beauty all around them.
3) 276) dialog: (her eyes suddenly  wet) This must be one of the loveliest  places in all Africa.
3) 278) dialog: How much farther is the lake, Charlie?
3) 280) text: They are quiet a moment. Abruptly, Rose gets final, and  energetic -- swallows the last of her tea in that manner stands up, a touching blend of spinsterish edginess and  blossoming female softness.
3) 281) dialog: Well, I suppose it's time we were on  our way.
3) 283) dialog: at the tiller. She looks back, drinking in the place with her eyes. She wants never to forget a single detail. Alln enters the SCENE -- puts his arm around her, and stands  looking back at the loveliest place in the world.
3) 289) dialog: Stop, Charlie -- stop it!
3) 294) dialog: (soberly) I guess not.
3) 296) dialog: staring forward as she braces herself once more to hold t tiller steady.
3) 299) dialog: (calls) Goodbye, Charlie.
3) 303) dialog: (screams) Keep her going, Charlie!
3) 305) dialog: as she fights to keep the boat in mid-current, but someth is wrong with the steering.
3) 306) dialog: (screams) Charlie!
3) 308) dialog: fighting the tiller. The boat swings around crabwise towa the rock, and it looks for a moment as though the stern w surely crash into it. Rose keeps the tiller hard over. Su enough, The African Queen comes all the way about, her bo to the shore, grounded; but the maneuver is not completel successful. Instantly she heels and rolls. A mass of wate comes boiling in over the gunwale. The boiler fire is  extinguished and a wild flurry of steam pours out.
3) 311) dialog: standing on the bench in the stern, the water slopping at her feet. She manages a smile at Allnutt. She feels a lit sick and faint now that it is all over.
3) 314) dialog: as she sits on the gunwale. She doesn't wish to let her  weakness be seen. She forces herself to be matter of fact
3) 315) dialog: I wonder how much we've lost.
3) 319) dialog: as she tucks her skirt up into her underclothes as though she were a little girl at the seaside. CAMERA PANS with h to Allnutt. She takes a pail and the two of them go to  bailing, and conversation ceases with the effort.
3) 324) dialog: What was all that clattering just  before we stopped?
3) 326) dialog: How are we going to do that, dear?
3) 328) text: He is out of his shirt and trousers in a jiffy. His drawe are the old-fashioned kind reaching to the knee and tying with a string behind. He picks up a rope and ties one end around his middle and gives the other end to Rose.
3) 332) dialog: leaning far over the stern, trying to glimpse what is  happening beneath The African Queen. Presently, Allnutt's head breaks the surface of the water.
3) 333) dialog: (hovering anxiously  over him) Could you see anything, dear?
3) 337) dialog: We'll have to mend it, then.
3) 339) dialog: Why is that, dear? (he doesn't answer) What shall we have to do before we  go on?
3) 341) dialog: (after a pause) Can't you get the shaft out without  pulling the boat on shore?
3) 343) dialog: Well, if you were able to get the  shaft up on shore, could you  straighten it?
3) 345) dialog: (tapping her memory) I saw a Masai native working once.  Using charcoal... on a big hollow  stone. He had a boy to fan the  charcoal.
3) 347) dialog: Well, if you think that would be  better.
3) 349) dialog: Why don't you try it?
3) 351) dialog: Can't we go on the blades that are  left?
3) 353) dialog: We'll have to make another blade.  There's lots of iron and stuff you  could use.
3) 355) dialog: (missing his irony) Yes, if you think that will do. But  wouldn't it be better to -- weld it?  That's the right word, isn't it?  Weld it on?
3) 357) dialog: Isn't weld the right word, dear? You  know what I mean even if it isn't,  don't you?
3) 359) text: He laughs again. At first, Rose is afraid that his laugh caused by desperation, but when she sees that it is not, laughs with him. Directly they are in each other's arms, kissing as two pe might be expected to kiss on the second day of their  honeymoon.
3) 362) dialog: pulling in on the rope. Allnutt comes to the surface, dro the bracket into the boat.
3) 364) dialog: You were down there an awfully long  time. I got scared.
3) 366) dialog: Charlie.
3) 368) dialog: Let me help you.
3) 372) dialog: Go down with you.
3) 378) dialog: (protesting this  accolade) Oh, Charlie!
3) 381) dialog: Only a week.
3) 390) dialog: Let's find out right now.
3) 396) dialog: 
3) 397) dialog: Goodbye, darling.
3) 405) dialog: (indignantly) No, of course not. Look at the way  you made the engine go. Look how you  mended the propeller. It wasn't me  at all. (with even greater  emphasis) I don't think there's another man  alive who could have done it.
3) 410) text: Rose nods. She edges The African Queen in towards the sho Allnutt gets his boat hook into the stump of a large tree which, still half alive, grows precariously on the edge o the water with half its roots exposed. Rose goes to the boiler and starts making tea, while Alln gets a line around a root. There is hardly any current. T light is fading.
3) 413) dialog: (slapping) How much farther do you think it is  to the lake?
3) 416) dialog: (slapping) But what, Charlie?
3) 420) dialog: Oh!
3) 422) dialog: (pulling at her dress) I'm going in! I'm going to get under  the water!
3) 424) text: But looking past Rose toward the river, he sees something that makes him grab her wrist.
3) 426) dialog: But I'm being eaten alive!
3) 432) dialog: Get me out of here, Charlie! I'm  going mad!
3) 435) dialog: (wails) I can't stand it, Charlie!
3) 437) text: She obeys. Allnutt casts off, and seizing a deckboard beg to paddle. The space between the launch and the bank slow widens till at last they are in the channel. Rose peeps o from under the canvas.
3) 439) dialog: (crawling out) I'm ashamed, Charlie, acting like  that -- but I couldn't help it. I  was going mad.
3) 441) dialog: You're so bitten!
3) 444) dialog: (after a pause) What are we going to do, Charlie?
3) 446) dialog: Will they be like that wherever we  tie up?
3) 448) dialog: We can't just drift all night.
4) 0) text: The river ends in a five-mile-wide pool, fringed all the round with reeds. These reeds extend as far as the eye ca see. The boat comes down into the pool, nosing along the edge, looking for an opening. Allnutt and Rose are talking as s steers and he feeds the furnace.
4) 3) dialog: What about there? (pointing) That looks like a way through.
4) 6) dialog: We can't stay going round and round  out here.
4) 8) text: Rose swings the tiller and the boat charges at the little opening in the reeds.
6) 10) dialog: amidships, watching Allnutt.
6) 11) dialog: Here! Wait a minute!
6) 12) text: She finds a long pole or plank, chooses a good spot and b to push. After a couple of ineffectual attempts, Allnutt  hooks an especially strong clump at the same time as Rose finds a solid spot against which to push. The boat heaves and shakes, and, with a final heart-break effort on the part of Rose and Allnutt, it moves forward couple of feet.
6) 20) dialog: Hard to breathe! -- the air is so  wet and heavy.
6) 22) dialog: The whole thing is like a fever dream,  isn't it?
6) 24) dialog: We've always followed the current,  dear -- what little there is.
6) 26) dialog: (gently) Charlie. (she touches him) We must try to keep hold of ourselves.
6) 32) text: Taking the painter, he goes over the side and starts pull like a draft animal. Slowly, ever so slowly, the boat beg to move, until at last she is floating again. Rose helps him back in. Suddenly she gives a cry of horri surprise.
6) 34) text: Rose can only point. As he sees what it is, Allnutt's fac contorts with panic and disgust. He makes a kind of growl horrified surprise, across which:
6) 37) dialog: (sudden remembrance) Salt!
6) 43) text: He stands trembling quietly, the triangular bites still b freely. Rose dabs tenderly at one of the sinister little  wounds.
6) 48) dialog: (imitating him) Mud?
6) 58) dialog: There, there, dear. There, there.  There, dear.
6) 61) dialog: You're the bravest man that ever  lived.
6) 63) dialog: (like a very old wife  to a very old husband) Lie down, dear. Rest. Both of us.
6) 65) dialog: You just overdo, that's all. You  must take care of yourself! You're  not one bit well.
6) 67) dialog: (ignoring this) Besides, it's high time we had our  supper. It'll be dark before long.
6) 69) dialog: Or a nice steaming cup of tea.
6) 71) dialog: Not just yet, thank you. (she gets up, taking  his hand) Come now. (she helps him weakly  up) Lie-down.
6) 73) dialog: There now. All comfy?
6) 76) dialog: Indeed I will. (she lies down beside  him and smiles at  him) That's all we need, a good long rest,  and we'll be on our way in a jiffy.  You'll see.
6) 79) dialog: (after a pause) Try to sleep, dear.
6) 81) dialog: Of course.
6) 84) dialog: (pause; with quiet  dread) Yes, Charlie.
6) 86) dialog: (pause; very quietly) I know it.
6) 88) dialog: We're finished.
6) 90) dialog: Even if we had all our strength we'd  never be able to get her off this  mud.
6) 93) dialog: So useless!
6) 99) dialog: She looks as if she had cried herself dry, and she looks if she might quite possibly be dead.
6) 121) dialog: We did our best, dear.
6) 130) dialog: It -- really is?
6) 135) dialog: It's like Heaven.
6) 137) dialog: (in a queer voice) God let us live.
6) 140) dialog: (quiet, charged voice) It wasn't for our sakes, either.
6) 142) dialog: He brought us here to do His work.
6) 143) text: She gets to her feet and walks past CAMERA towards bow. ROSE -- (PAST BOW) as she comes up, Allnutt following. Sh is looking all around, and past her we see only empty wat and empty sky. She begins to look impatient.
6) 145) dialog: Then start the fire. We'll go find  her.
6) 147) dialog: Come to us?
6) 149) dialog: Hmmm. Perhaps you're right.
6) 151) dialog: Right.
6) 152) text: They go back towards engine. TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as, Rose watching almost wit reverence, Allnutt strikes a match and touches it to the  carefully prepared wood.
6) 155) text: His eyes sharpen into great intentness on something very  distant. All of a sudden he picks up a bailing pail, dips it full, and douses the fire. TWO SHOT -- ROSE (PAST ALLNUTT) Rose looks at him amazed. gestures silently with a jerk of his head. She walks towa CAMERA and looks. LONG SHOT -- THE LAKE Almost invisibly small on the horiz a small black smudge, a gleaming white speck, which sharp like a fresh star as we look.
6) 157) text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT He gets up on the gunwale.
6) 159) dialog: Which way are they going?
6) 161) dialog: (forcing herself to  be calm) They mustn't see us here. Can we get  far enough among the reeds for them  not to see us?
6) 164) dialog: We'll have to cut some down. How  deep is the mud?
6) 165) text: Knife in hand, Allnutt goes over the bows among the reeds WIDER SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as he goes over the bows. sinks in the mud until the surface of the water is up to armpits. Floundering about, he cuts every reed within rea Then, pulling on the bow painter, he is able to work the  launch up into the cleared space.
6) 166) dialog: There's still a bit of her sticking  out.
6) 167) text: She throws a desperate glance towards The Louisa, which i making good time, and is less than half the former distan away. Allnutt splashes back among the reeds and goes on cutting and hauling. Rose helps him to get back on board. He is i state of near collapse from his exertions. He lies on the deck panting while Rose cranes her neck over the reeds.
6) 169) dialog: (o.s.) She's coming right toward us, Charlie!
6) 170) text: CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Groaning, Allnutt staggers his knees, then to his feet. Together they watch the appr of The Louisa. LONG SHOT -- THE LOUISA white, spotless, beautiful. At he stern floats the flag of the Imperial German Navy. On her foredeck, we can pick out the six-pound gun which gives t Germans command of the lake. We can see the figures of sa moving about on the deck. Over the SOUND of her engines comes a smartly given order following which The Louisa alters her course by a point o two. CLOSE SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT Allnutt groans again, this time from relief.
6) 171) dialog: They're going a different way now.
6) 179) dialog: (nods) How long will it take to get the  torpedoes ready?
6) 181) text: Rose receives this information in silence. Her eyes remai on The Louisa, now lying at anchor.
6) 183) dialog: (a faraway note in  her voice) Yes, dear.
6) 188) text: He begins to screw the pair of discs together. CAMERA PUL BACK revealing Rose and Allnutt intent upon his handiwork
6) 190) dialog: It will be dark then, of course.  Will you be able to do it in the  dark?
6) 192) text: With Rose's help he drags and pushes one of the cylinders forward.
6) 198) dialog: You couldn't be more right, Charlie  dear.
6) 200) dialog: (interrupting) Certainly not! You're the one to be  put ashore.
6) 202) dialog: Of course, you. This whole thing was  my idea, wasn't it?... I'm the logical  one to carry it out.
6) 204) dialog: I can manage this launch every bit  as well as you, Charlie Allnutt, and  you know it!
6) 206) dialog: Didn't I steer going down the rapids?
6) 208) dialog: (defeated) All right, Charlie. I guess you have  to be there.
6) 210) dialog: Charlie...
6) 212) dialog: No need of our pretending.
6) 214) dialog: Oh, yes you do. There's got to be a  hand on that tiller right up to the  last.
6) 216) dialog: (continuing) Don't you understand, dear? I wouldn't  care about going on to Nairobi --  without you.
6) 218) dialog: (continuing) We'll do it together. It will be you  at the engine and me at the tiller,  as it has been from the start.
6) 220) dialog: When you come to think of it, we're  a very lucky couple, really.
6) 222) dialog: Charlie.
6) 224) dialog: Let's make The African Queen as clean  as we can. Let's scrub her decks and  polish her brass.
6) 226) text: MEDIUM SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN Quite a transformation h taken place in her appearance. Her decks are clean, her b polished. Rose is engaged in painting her stumpy mast. He old boiler shines like a mirror. In fact, Allnutt is usin it as such while he shaves.
6) 228) dialog: Charlie...
6) 230) dialog: I have a pair you can wear.
6) 232) dialog: What's the difference?
6) 234) text: She gives them to him. Getting into them, Allnutt begins laugh. When he reveals himself to Rose, it is with obviou embarrassment. He assumes a position rather like Septembe Morn's.
6) 235) dialog: Here. Put this on, too. (she displays one of  her singlets)
6) 237) dialog: Don't be silly!
6) 238) text: He takes it and puts it on. He looks intently at Rose,  expecting ridicule. Her eyes are not on him; they are on horizon. LONG SHOT -- A PUFF OF SMOKE AND A WHITE DOT The Louisa. TWO SHOT -- ROSE AND ALLNUTT as she stares at the horizon His eyes follow hers.
6) 242) dialog: All right.
6) 243) text: He unfastens the side painter, then takes the boat hook a thrusts it against a clump of reeds. The African Queen mo slowly out into the fairway. Allnutt lays the boat hook d feels for the throttle valve and opens it. The propeller  begins its beat and the engine its muffled clanking. FULL SHOT -- THE AFRICAN QUEEN coming out of the reeds in the lake. TWO SHOT -- ALLNUTT AND ROSE Allnutt is staring at the bo scowling.
6) 244) dialog: (observes his  expression with  anxiety) Is something the matter, dear?
6) 249) dialog: We've been through worse.
6) 254) dialog: Yes, Charlie.
6) 256) dialog: Can anything be done?
6) 258) dialog: Goodbye, darling.
6) 263) dialog: numbed and stupefied, but struggling to maintain her hold the tiller. Suddenly Allnutt is at her side, putting her through a life buoy. They totter and sway for a long mome then the stern of the launch is engulfed by a heavy wave, and they are up to their waists in water. The African Que is swamped. Very slowly she capsizes. In the distance we the lights of The Louisa, safe at anchor.
7) 0) text: The CAPTAIN and FOUR of the SHIP'S OFFICERS constitute th court in a proceeding against a small man dressed in woma bloomers and a ragged singlet. The latter stands, chin on his chest, gazing dully at the carpet. The CAPTAIN is President of the court, of course. He is a corpulent man with whiskers, groomed in imitation of von  Triplitz. Behind him on the wall is a portrait in oils of the Kaiser. He keeps his eyes closed throughout the  proceedings. To the Captain's right, stands the ship's FIRST OFFICER, is acting as prosecutor. He is clean-shaven, dark, with p blue eyes; his manner is rigidly correct. To the Captain' left, sits the ship's SECOND OFFICER, who is serving as  defense counsel. He is a sleepy, stupid looking man with big scar on his cheek. All three members of the court are snowy ducks with gold buttons, white gloves and decoratio
7) 30) dialog: 
8) 6) dialog: 
8) 8) dialog: (calling back) Charlie!
9) 6) text: o.s., the SOUND of approaching steps; then Rose, followed the WHITE OFFICER, enters the cabin. She stands staring a Allnutt for a long time.
9) 7) dialog: Charlie dear!
9) 14) dialog: Miss Rose Sayer.
9) 16) dialog: Of course.
9) 21) dialog: We were boating.
9) 23) dialog: We were not responsible for the  weather.
9) 25) dialog: That is our affair.
9) 27) dialog: (slow take) You mean he --
9) 29) dialog: Charlie! Are they telling me...
9) 32) dialog: (wheeling in fury and  slapping him hard  across the face) Stop that!
9) 34) dialog: Are they, Charlie? The truth?
9) 37) text: Rose wheels and faces him; she is all cold fire.
9) 38) dialog: Ask your questions.
9) 40) dialog: We came here to sink this ship, and --
9) 42) dialog: -- and we would have, too, except  for --
9) 44) dialog: Let's at least have the fun of telling  them about it, Charlie.
9) 46) dialog: (impatient) Oh stop it, Charlie, we've been  through all this. (primly) I'm not going to outlive you and  that's all there is to it.
9) 48) dialog: We were going to ram you.
9) 50) dialog: With torpedoes.
9) 56) dialog: Acquired? Mr. Allnutt made them.
9) 59) dialog: I don't think you even believe me.  Tell him how you did it, Charlie. (Over Allnutt's lines,  the officers exchange  glances which mean:  "He's loony, too".)
9) 62) dialog: She sank in the storm.
9) 64) dialog: We came down the Ulanga -- the Bora,  you call it down here.
9) 65) text: All three officers look at each other -- even the Second  Officer catches this -- and back at Rose.
9) 69) dialog: Nevertheless!
9) 71) dialog: (proudly) We came down it, though -- didn't  we, Charlie? -- on The African Queen.
10) 3) dialog: Please -- hang us together.
10) 5) text: He nods to the First Officer to proceed with the executio Allnutt and Rose exchange a look of satisfaction.
10) 7) dialog: Darling!
10) 12) dialog: We did it, Charlie, we did it!
10) 14) text: Rose points to a piece of wreckage floating on the water the near distance.
10) 16) dialog: Never better. And you, dear?
10) 18) dialog: I'm all turned round, Charlie. Which  way is the south shore?
10) 20) text: CAMERA MOVES TOWARD the piece of wreckage, losing Rose an Allnutt, into CLOSE SHOT showing the printed words "Afric Queen" on the wreckage. When the name fills the SCREEN --