0) 6) text: A different billboard of ‘Jungle Julia, ‘this ‘dressed ‘u as a roller derby queen, holding a record player, and _ Placing the-needle on a spinning L.P. “AUSTIN HOT WAX 5 Then we see “Huck's”; it sure as hell‘s a dive, but in th words of Julia, “a fucking cool dive”.. Maybe the audienc notices the girls white Honda and the Driver’s muscle car in the parking lot, maybe they don’t.” . INT HUCK'S — NIGHT .The song from before continues on Huck's extremely cool vintage jukebox. Jungle Julia, pint of beer in one hand and’ lit cigarette the other, does a very sexy dance to the bluesey rock classic. . For the audience in Huck's as well as the movi theatre she’s putting on ‘a one-ho-show. Our: three fox ‘posse, ‘has collectéd “some ‘stray sniffi dogs. The aforementioned NATE and OMAR and PETE. Omar's talking up Shanna at their beer spilled, peanut shelled strewn table. Pete's drinking Shiner Bock beer from a pitcher, admiring Julia's dance. Arlene and Nate are dancing together (he’s holding her. from behind and their pelvises are moving together). Which shows Arlene's not a goody two shoes, she's out-to party, she’s just not clear about the new dynamic with her old college pals. Needless to say, everybody's drunk. The song ends, and Warren, the owner operator of Huck's, yells to Julia; me .
0) 104) dialog: ‘I'm sorry, Arlene, I swear I.wasn’t trying to scare you, I just got lucky. fue
0) 111) text: What? T was thinkin" we coul No, sin my car. oe Nate smiles.
0) 117) text: What on the porch swing, not even in the bar, but in front of the entrance? Forget it. - NATE’
0) 119) dialog: Not in my car); “its not. He takes out an umbrella that opens on cue. : NATE Pee You won‘t.get wet, I promise you. She gives hima look.
0) 124) text: She contemplates for a moment... Nate waits for his fate to be decided... Okay, but I don’t want it super ~ obvious to everybody in the bar we've .been gone. -.So we go: in your ‘ear, dnd make out for six minutes, and that’s it.. Deal?
0) 126) dialog: Great. ‘
0) 130) dialog: Deal. No whining.
1) 10) text: Key lime pie. OMAR Ba eS C*mon,* you can get her to-do. one Ba more for dessert. Arlene and’ Nate walk back in the bar. eh The Customer/Driver looks over ‘his shoulder,’ at Pete an Omar handing the Long: Island ice tea and thergin and ton to the ladies. «= : Ne sted for es PETE* soa tacel “Oh '‘gréat, Tin just ‘getting more drinks, what ‘can 1 get ya’? CES Oo pi “Another Shiner, wd Arlene notices Pam att he bar, drinking a drink out of a glass cowboy boot. , . : ae) What's that?