0) 6) text: A different billboard of ‘Jungle Julia, ‘this ‘dressed ‘u as a roller derby queen, holding a record player, and _ Placing the-needle on a spinning L.P. “AUSTIN HOT WAX 5 Then we see “Huck's”; it sure as hell‘s a dive, but in th words of Julia, “a fucking cool dive”.. Maybe the audienc notices the girls white Honda and the Driver’s muscle car in the parking lot, maybe they don’t.” . INT HUCK'S — NIGHT .The song from before continues on Huck's extremely cool vintage jukebox. Jungle Julia, pint of beer in one hand and’ lit cigarette the other, does a very sexy dance to the bluesey rock classic. . For the audience in Huck's as well as the movi theatre she’s putting on ‘a one-ho-show. Our: three fox ‘posse, ‘has collectéd “some ‘stray sniffi dogs. The aforementioned NATE and OMAR and PETE. Omar's talking up Shanna at their beer spilled, peanut shelled strewn table. Pete's drinking Shiner Bock beer from a pitcher, admiring Julia's dance. Arlene and Nate are dancing together (he’s holding her. from behind and their pelvises are moving together). Which shows Arlene's not a goody two shoes, she's out-to party, she’s just not clear about the new dynamic with her old college pals. Needless to say, everybody's drunk. The song ends, and Warren, the owner operator of Huck's, yells to Julia; me .
0) 22) text: “I can't wait to see you. Hurry!!iiii" Goes to the name Chris Simonson, and hits send. “Your message has ‘been’ sent” * ' a “appears on her screen. Shanna schools omar as: she dtinks A huniongous ‘Long Isl Ice Tea. -
0) 137) dialog: Shanna-Banana?
0) 142) text: We have yet to see him full on, but one more thing we can tell... * “St ++ehe has a big scar running down his’ ‘face. '® Pete and Omar show up: at’the bar next*to the Custonier/D
0) 143) dialog: Two soldiers of Shiner. one bigass Long Island ice tea.
1) 0) text: | The Customer/Driver eats his nachos near. the two young without eitherlooking or evén Glancing, in their directio ' Omar in pussy pointers mode. eo hoact Ute te Look,’ ‘you: can‘t look like you're «20. .) ve trying to get her out of here before Christian Simonson shows up. But you gotta get her outta here before Christian Simonson. shows up.
1) 1) text: Be PETE ~ Yeah, but they’re. going to Shanna’s daddys house on Lake L.B.J.. and it‘s no guys, ‘absolutely no guys. : : OMAR te : So after we bring the girls the drinks, in fairly rapid order, but not obvious, we order two more round of shots.
1) 6) dialog: Dude, as long as a guy‘s buyin‘ the : ' booze; a bitch’11 drink anything. | Look, we can at least get one Jager shot down these bitches throat. After that shot, we'll see:if they have another Jager. shot in ‘em. “You never know. That could be the shot that puts them past the point of fuck-it. But I’know, I can, at least, get Shanna to do a buttery nipple shot. What’s. Julia's sweet. shot?
1) 10) text: Key lime pie. OMAR Ba eS C*mon,* you can get her to-do. one Ba more for dessert. Arlene and’ Nate walk back in the bar. eh The Customer/Driver looks over ‘his shoulder,’ at Pete an Omar handing the Long: Island ice tea and thergin and ton to the ladies. «= : Ne sted for es PETE* soa tacel “Oh '‘gréat, Tin just ‘getting more drinks, what ‘can 1 get ya’? CES Oo pi “Another Shiner, wd Arlene notices Pam att he bar, drinking a drink out of a glass cowboy boot. , . : ae) What's that?