0) 6) text: A different billboard of ‘Jungle Julia, ‘this ‘dressed ‘u as a roller derby queen, holding a record player, and _ Placing the-needle on a spinning L.P. “AUSTIN HOT WAX 5 Then we see “Huck's”; it sure as hell‘s a dive, but in th words of Julia, “a fucking cool dive”.. Maybe the audienc notices the girls white Honda and the Driver’s muscle car in the parking lot, maybe they don’t.” . INT HUCK'S — NIGHT .The song from before continues on Huck's extremely cool vintage jukebox. Jungle Julia, pint of beer in one hand and’ lit cigarette the other, does a very sexy dance to the bluesey rock classic. . For the audience in Huck's as well as the movi theatre she’s putting on ‘a one-ho-show. Our: three fox ‘posse, ‘has collectéd “some ‘stray sniffi dogs. The aforementioned NATE and OMAR and PETE. Omar's talking up Shanna at their beer spilled, peanut shelled strewn table. Pete's drinking Shiner Bock beer from a pitcher, admiring Julia's dance. Arlene and Nate are dancing together (he’s holding her. from behind and their pelvises are moving together). Which shows Arlene's not a goody two shoes, she's out-to party, she’s just not clear about the new dynamic with her old college pals. Needless to say, everybody's drunk. The song ends, and Warren, the owner operator of Huck's, yells to Julia; me .
0) 11) dialog: When‘s Lanna-Frank getting here?
0) 22) text: “I can't wait to see you. Hurry!!iiii" Goes to the name Chris Simonson, and hits send. “Your message has ‘been’ sent” * ' a “appears on her screen. Shanna schools omar as: she dtinks A huniongous ‘Long Isl Ice Tea. -
0) 23) dialog: Now there's. one thing, that every girl in the whole world whose name ds Shanna, has“in ‘common with each other. We all hate the name Shauna. “And we really hate it when people call us ‘Shauna: . se OMAR ee . So that was a bad’ move on my part? Bose SHANNA’) Oh yeah..: Your fuckability stock is plummeting. Just remember, it‘s: Shanna Banana, not Shauna Banuna. Julia‘s phone rings with a ‘text méssage. She hits the menu, and it says a message from; Chris Simonson. She opens up the electronic mail. It reads; “Me Too"; She smiles and texts back; “XOXO J.0.” She hits send. Pete arrives with shots of Cabo. Wabo tequila.
1) 1) text: Be PETE ~ Yeah, but they’re. going to Shanna’s daddys house on Lake L.B.J.. and it‘s no guys, ‘absolutely no guys. : : OMAR te : So after we bring the girls the drinks, in fairly rapid order, but not obvious, we order two more round of shots.
1) 72) text: MARLENE oe We're. all.doing Wild Turkey shots, do one with us? : Pam looks over at the table.and sees Julia and Shanna.”
1) 139) text: . Julia, She takes. a bag of weed out of he Looking like she was caught out.in the rain, white trash pot dealer LANNA-F ‘,- followed by: two other BADASS LOOKING GIRLS, (no. college kids these): wal! through the door. — Mp bty hare Shanna and the; guys. .greet ‘them with a big cheer. Lanna-Frank walks over. to the’ bar.to give Warren some l She even knows Pam, ‘and kisses her,. then heads to Julia table. .
1) 173) dialog: Sure -honey. (to the others) I‘ll see y’all out there. Julia, Lanna-Frank, her friends, and the boys head door.. . . INSERT: The lever of a cigarette. machine is pulled all. 52. for. the out. A pack of Red Apple cigarettes falls to the machines catc Julia takes it and leads her little entourage to the porc when a female BAR PATRON approaches her.
1) 201) dialog: Look Julia's always given herself complete permission to be a bitch, . it’s one of the cool things about i , her. And now she’s a star -
1) 205) dialog: Hey, that took balls.
1) 208) dialog: Thank you Grace. Obviously a private joke only they get. : s
1) 273) text: oo Ba . arr & 28 Ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer. ~~ . Stuntman Mike notices Arlene and Shanna walk out to the porch. : Si moos ae a
1) 427) dialog: Smile disappears. ARLENE . ae Sees Mike’s face as she heads towards collision and softl closes her eyes. 2
1) 436) text: Stuntman Mike crashed into the girls.on the -highway that was part of an: overpass, so the two twisted. :wrecks tum over the side crashing‘ onto the highway below. Shanna looks up and sees Stuntman Mike’s car falling on. her,. she’s pulverized. . Another car, also driven by a woman, sees the twisted car into ‘the road in front of her, it’s too late to do anyth She crashes into both of them at seventy miles an hour. Destroying her car and herself. :