0) 6) text: A different billboard of ‘Jungle Julia, ‘this ‘dressed ‘u as a roller derby queen, holding a record player, and _ Placing the-needle on a spinning L.P. “AUSTIN HOT WAX 5 Then we see “Huck's”; it sure as hell‘s a dive, but in th words of Julia, “a fucking cool dive”.. Maybe the audienc notices the girls white Honda and the Driver’s muscle car in the parking lot, maybe they don’t.” . INT HUCK'S — NIGHT .The song from before continues on Huck's extremely cool vintage jukebox. Jungle Julia, pint of beer in one hand and’ lit cigarette the other, does a very sexy dance to the bluesey rock classic. . For the audience in Huck's as well as the movi theatre she’s putting on ‘a one-ho-show. Our: three fox ‘posse, ‘has collectéd “some ‘stray sniffi dogs. The aforementioned NATE and OMAR and PETE. Omar's talking up Shanna at their beer spilled, peanut shelled strewn table. Pete's drinking Shiner Bock beer from a pitcher, admiring Julia's dance. Arlene and Nate are dancing together (he’s holding her. from behind and their pelvises are moving together). Which shows Arlene's not a goody two shoes, she's out-to party, she’s just not clear about the new dynamic with her old college pals. Needless to say, everybody's drunk. The song ends, and Warren, the owner operator of Huck's, yells to Julia; me .
0) 87) dialog: What? PAM gowhters Squiddly fuckin’ bails on me. You mean you weren’t through. with your date?
0) 94) dialog: No kidding, how much? PAM : . _ Not much. We just had a.coupla 2 beers’ and some nachos. nt . WARREN . Want.me to close you out?
0) 101) dialog: Well in that case, how ‘bout your next drink and the nachos on us. .
0) 102) text: That's why I like this: place. © + / WARREN. Membership has it’s privileges. : What can I get ya’?
0) 150) dialog: Sure you don’t want another pitcher of Shiner? PETE... . Nope, we want the soldiers.
0) 151) dialog: Three soldiers, comin’ up. INT. NATE’S CAR (PARKED) + RAINING -— NIGHT: : Arlene and Nate make out, as the car radio plays, and the rain splashes against the windows. .. © ° As they kiss, in the backseat,. Arlene raises her ass ‘of the seat a little bit to slide her shorts off her crotéh’ and down ‘to her knees. She takes his hand, as they kiss, and puts it bétween her legs. oo . aa “ They kiss longer... tee e ce eceeee se till... ++-She breaks the kiss and the mood by saying;
1) 26) text: JUNGLE «JULIA You know I did, Warren. I. know how to. take care of my man... Julia holds up her gin and tonic, and ‘says;
1) 30) text: Not tonight anyway. Arlene glass cowboy boot in- hand, turns and .catches’ ey with Pam glass cowboy boot in hand. “They smile and silently cheers each other. across the xo Pam turns away, to Warren the bartender. ° PAM , : So Warren, is there anyone here at the bar you'd vouch for to give me a. ride home? The key to the muscle car with the sparkplug attached is tossed onto the bar in front of her with a loud thud. She looks up and sees the Driver seated one seat away < 41.
1) 51) text: PAM oo 2 3eS mel HB Like what? Icy ‘Hor Women. icy Hot flirting, but not putting the bite on Pam, he’s just being flirtatiously intriguing. “She laughs. Tey HOT eo Nacho Grande Platters. The” fellowship of some fascinating individuals, like Warren here. Icy HoT The: alcohol is just, a lubricant for the individual encounters that a barroom’ offers. PAM — Is that cowboy wisdom? Icy HOT I'm not a cowboy, I’m a. stuntman. Very easy mistake to make, Pam.
1) 98) text: ‘Warren, ‘a virgin | ina Colada for my Stuntman friend;,and I‘1l have another: Cadillac, Cabo Wabo.. _ margarita.. ; yao Cabo, Wabo margarita.
1) 139) text: . Julia, She takes. a bag of weed out of he Looking like she was caught out.in the rain, white trash pot dealer LANNA-F ‘,- followed by: two other BADASS LOOKING GIRLS, (no. college kids these): wal! through the door. — Mp bty hare Shanna and the; guys. .greet ‘them with a big cheer. Lanna-Frank walks over. to the’ bar.to give Warren some l She even knows Pam, ‘and kisses her,. then heads to Julia table. .
1) 245) text: ° STUNTMAN: MIKE“ As you wish my fair ‘lady. BACK IN THE. BAR fk ee Pam‘’s bullshitting with Warren, Stuntman Mike rejoins th
1) 260) dialog: I hate to tell you this, Mike, but dropping Gary Clarke's name don’t. get Gary ‘Clarke pussy no more. _Stuntman Mike and Pam laugh.