0) 0) text: A bright, unpretentious two-bedroom in a pre-war building cluttered with books and papers, reflecting its owner’s lively mind. The decor is that of a perennial grad studen digs, the bachelor pad of a New York intellectual. A dog curled up on the sofa beside him, DAVID LIPSKY, a boyishly handsome forty-three, quick-witted, tightly-woun smokes and types speedily from scraps of handwritten note surrounded by books on his current journalistic subject, climate change. A stack of copies of his recent publishin success - Absolutely American - looms nearby. His iPhone vibrates. He gets up and answers the call.
3) 0) text: A blurry, indistinct POV shot of DAVID FOSTER WALLACE in passenger seat of a moving car: Lipsky’s memory strugglin come into focus. DAVID’S VOICE No, the big thing when I was little, I was like a really serious jock...
12) 0) text: An American landscape of fast-food places and chain store Lipsky’s Grand Am is parked in a 7-Eleven and Citco stati He stands at a pay phone. (We never intercut during telephone conversations.) DAVID’S VOICE (over phone) Hello?
12) 5) dialog: You made it.
12) 7) dialog: Dave. Dave Wallace.
12) 10) dialog: 95% joke. Lipsky laughs.
12) 11) dialog: Sorry in advance about the dogs, gonna be slobbering all over you.
12) 13) dialog: Yeah? Well, you haven’t met these guys... It’s cold, let’s go inside. (to the dogs) Jeeves, Drone! Get over here! Lipsky follows David and the rowdy, barking dogs into the house. 28 10.
13) 2) dialog: That’s Jeeves. The Jeevesmeister. I got him ‘cause he was so ugly. No one else wanted him. Now he’s like a Cover Girl-dog. Aren't you, Jeeves? Yes, you are. And this is Drone. My provisional dog.
13) 4) dialog: Just showed up one day while Jeeves and I were out jogging and the rest is history. (A beat.) I feel like I should offer you tea or something.
13) 7) dialog: Thank you. I can’t take credit for it. Lipsky smiles. Pause.
13) 9) dialog: (from the kitchen) I had to do that recently. It was getting crazy.
13) 11) dialog: I don’t know if “fan” would be the right word... I think what happened was, I had forgotten to tell my parents not to give my number out. So it was people who tracked my parents down, and um -
13) 13) dialog: I have this terrible problem, I just really hate to hurt people’s feelings. So I did something kinda cowardly.
13) 15) dialog: It kinda is. I mean, I changed my number so these folks couldn’t find me anymore. There was this computer operator in Vancouver, lived in a basement. Who I found really moving. In terrible terrible pain.
13) 17) dialog: Wasn’t clear, and when I would sort of ask him, he’d get angry, and that’s when it got scary. Lipsky sees a child’s drawing displayed on the fridge: “Chickenhead Dave Wallace.”
13) 19) dialog: Hm? (Lipsky points.) Oh, my friend's daughter. Calls me Chickenhead, and I call her Chickenhead. Her latest salvo in the war. Laughing, Lipsky takes out his tape recorder and starts t set it up but stops. (Lipsky is a nervous laugher; he lau a_lot, not only where indicated.) 12.
13) 21) dialog: Hey. Do what you’ve got to do. David watches uncomfortably. The ever-present tape record becomes a third character in this conversation.
13) 22) dialog: Listen: Before we start putting stuff on tape, I gotta ask you something.
13) 24) dialog: I need to know that anything that I ask you five minutes later to not put in, you won’t put in.
13) 26) dialog: Given my level of fatigue and fuck-up quotient lately, it’s the only way I can see doin’ it and not going crazy.
13) 28) dialog: Right back on, huh.
13) 31) dialog: .--There’1l be signs for the school on the right.
13) 35) dialog: Yeah, I do, very much, that’s what’s so fucked, I feel so bad for these kids.
13) 37) dialog: If I were there, maybe. The whole fuss has taken me out of school for the past two weeks and I’m gonna have to leave again tomorrow. We've got to get up at the crack of dawn to leave for the airport, by the way.
13) 39) dialog: That's what you signed on for, man. You're welcome to stick around, write an article about my dogs. Might be more interesting, I promise you. David spits chewed tobacco into a Savarin can.
14) 0) text: David and Lipsky walk to his classroom.
14) 1) dialog: Do yourself a favor, don’t expect any fireworks in there...
15) 0) text: The class in-progress. Lipsky observes as David paces. He “on” and his students are eating it up.
15) 1) dialog: A campus romance story, I gotta tell ya, to the average citizen, is not all that interesting. The great dread of creative writing professors? “Their eyes met... over the keg...” Laughter. 14.
15) 3) dialog: I know. You want your narrator to be funny and smart. Here’s a tip, then: Have him say funny, smart things some of the time. Laughter. Lipsky jots down a note.
15) 4) dialog: You did a good job. Who’s next? Melissa.
16) 0) text: Lipsky and David walk down the hall after class.
16) 1) dialog: I’m usually a much better teacher than this. I swear to God.
16) 3) dialog: Yeah?
16) 5) dialog: You hungry?
17) 0) text: Lipsky and David park and go inside.
18) 2) dialog: Uh, not for me, thanks. A large Diet Rite.
18) 6) dialog: Is that a question?
18) 8) dialog: Ah. I see. No; I do not drink. You can order whatever you want, go right ahead.
18) 10) dialog: I'm not any sort of authority on any sort of “program.” But from my very limited outside understanding, people who have been in it for a while: you could snort cocaine off the back of your hand and they’re okay. Lipsky is embarrassed for having been presumptuous.
18) 11) dialog: You know what I would love to do?
18) 13) dialog: I would love to do a profile of one of you guys who’s doin’ a profile of me.
18) 15) dialog: Too po-mo and cute?
18) 17) dialog: But it would be interesting. (A beat.) I’m sorry.
18) 19) dialog: It's just, you’re gonna go back to New York and sit at your desk and shape this thing however you want. And that to me is extremely disturbing.
18) 21) dialog: ‘Cause I would like to shape the impression of me that’s coming across. I can’t even tell if I like you yet ‘cause I’m too worried whether you like me. Before Lipsky can assure him, the waiter brings their sod
18) 24) dialog: So what's this piece about? What does “Jann” want?
18) 26) dialog: How do you learn to do this stuff?
18) 28) dialog: Interviewing. Did you go to interviewing school?
18) 31) dialog: Oh, yeah?
18) 33) dialog: What’s it called?
18) 36) dialog: You're a nervous guy, aren’t you?
18) 38) dialog: ‘Cause I’m terrified.
19) 0) text: The food is decimated. David is loosening up.
19) 1) dialog: The thing about this tour is... I would like to get laid out of ita couple of times, but... Like, people come up, they kinda slither up during readings or whatever. But it seems like, what I want is not to have to take any action.
19) 3) dialog: Like, I don’t want to have to say, “Would you like to come back to my hotel?” I want them to say, “I am coming back to the hotel. Where is your hotel?” Lipsky laughs.
19) 4) dialog: I can’t stand to look like I’m actively trading on this sexually. Which of course I would be happy to do. In retrospect, it was lucky that I didn’t.
19) 6) dialog: Basically, it just would have made me feel lonely.
19) 8) dialog: Because it wouldn’t have had anything to do with me, it would have just been...
19) 10) dialog: Yeah. Whatever. 34 19.
19) 12) dialog: That is so good.
19) 14) dialog: This piece’ll really be good if it’s mostly you. Talk all you want, man, save me a whole lotta trouble. Lipsky laughs, sensing his stock has risen, relaxing more into the rhythm of their conversation.
19) 16) dialog: So this is what a real car feels like. The one I have is like riding a power lawn mower.
19) 18) dialog: (incredulously) What?
19) 20) dialog: You'd have to come put me down if I even start thinking that way.
19) 22) dialog: Like, “Do you want to do a Rolling Stone interview, do you want to do xX, do you want to do Y” worries me that what I’m doing right now is being a whore.
19) 24) dialog: You know, cashing in somehow, or getting some little celebrity for myself. That will, from some bizarre set of misunderstandings, sell more copies of the book.
19) 26) dialog: You can quote that. Preferably ina context where I don’t sound like a total dweeb. (A beat.) By the way, are they gonna send Annie Leibovitz to take pictures?
19) 28) dialog: I know: You’re a good-looking guy. We should have ‘em photograph you, and say you're me. Maybe I’1l finally end up getting laid. Lipsky laughs.
19) 31) dialog: You don’t have to pay for my shit. 36 37 21.
19) 33) dialog: All right, if you insist... David goes back for more.
20) 0) text: Riding through town, the Davids are eating candy like teenagers on a joyride.
20) 1) dialog: If you ate this stuff all the time, what would be wrong with that?
20) 3) dialog: Yeah, it doesn’t have any of the nourishment of real food, but it’s real pleasurable masticating and swallowing this stuff.
20) 5) dialog: Exactly, and what saves us is that most commercial entertainment isn’t very good.
20) 7) dialog: The first Die Hard? Great film.
20) 9) dialog: The best. EXT. DAVID’S HOUSE - 1996 - NIGHT 37 The car pulls up, parks. They get out with the spoils fro the 7-Eleven. Mid-discourse: 38 22.
20) 10) dialog: So if the book’s about anything, it’s about the question of: Why am I watching all this shit? It’s not about the shit, it’s about me. Why am I doing it? And what’s so American about what I’m doing? We hear the dogs barking as David unlocks the door and th enter the house.
21) 0) text: The dogs run out to do their thing. David puts away the s and snacks.
21) 1) dialog: The minute I start talking about this stuff, it sounds, number one: very vague. And, two: really reductive.
21) 3) dialog: Because it’s like, I don’t have a diagnosis, a system of prescriptions. You know? Like, why are we - and by “we” I mean people like you and me: mostly white, upper middle class, obscenely well-educated, doing really interesting jobs, sitting in really expensive chairs, watching the best, most sophisticated electronic equipment money can buy - why do we feel empty and unhappy?
21) 5) dialog: I’m not saying TV is bad or a waste of your time. Any more than, you know, Masturbation is bad or a waste of your time. It's a pleasurable way to spend a few minutes. But if you're doing it twenty times a day, if your primary sexual relationship is with your own hand, then there's something wrong. Silence. 23.
21) 7) dialog: All right, you could make me look like a real dick if you print this: Yes, you're performing muscular movements with your hand as you're jerking off. But what you're doing is running a movie in your head, and having a fantasy relationship with somebody who isn't real, in order to stimulate a purely neurological response. Look: as the Internet grows in the next ten, fifteen years, and virtual reality pornography becomes a reality, we're gonna have to develop some machinery, inside our guts, to help us turn off pure, unalloyed pleasure. Otherwise, I don’t know about you, but I’m gonna have to leave the planet.
21) 9) dialog: Because the technology is just gonna get better and better. And it's gonna get easier and easier, and more and more convenient, and more and more pleasurable, to be alone with images on a screen, given to us by people who do not love us but want our money. Which is fine. In low doses. But if that's the basic main staple of your diet? You're gonna die. Ina meaningful way, you're going to die. Lipsky mulls over the gravity of what David has said. David breaks the portentous silence when he pops a of tobacco in his mouth.
21) 11) dialog: Be my guest. It takes some getting used to. Lipsky tries it and makes a horrible face. David laughs. 39 40 24.
21) 13) dialog: I believe it’s unoccupied. Lipsky goes, leaving the tape running.
23) 0) text: Lipsky returns, looks around. David is playing with his dogs.
23) 2) dialog: I do not have a TV.
23) 4) dialog: ‘Cause if I had a TV, I'd watch it all the time. I don’t even know if I would watch it; it would be on all the time - my version of a fireplace. A source of warmth and light in the corner that I would occasionally get sucked into.
23) 6) dialog: Yeah. A lot. You? 25.
23) 8) dialog: Did you guys stay together?
23) 10) dialog: Why?
23) 12) dialog: It’s so much easier having dogs. You don’t get laid; but you also don’t get the feeling you’re hurting their feelings all the time. I emphasize: strictly platonic relationship with the dogs.
23) 14) dialog: Seriously dating? No. I’m out of practice; I wouldn’t know what to say.
23) 16) dialog: Yeah, I think someday I do; do you?
23) 18) dialog: Writing books is kinda like raising children, but you gotta be careful: you should take pride in the work but it’s bad to want that glory to reflect back on you.
23) 20) dialog: I don’t know that I want to say anything more about it - okay?
23) 22) dialog: I mean, we can joke about getting laid on tour and stuff, but...
23) 24) dialog: Yeah. I really have wished I was married, the last couple of weeks.
23) 26) dialog: Yeah, because nobody quite gets it. Your friends who aren't in the writing biz are all just awed by your picture in Time, and your agent and editor are good people, but they have their own agendas. It’s fun talking to you about it, but you've got an agenda, too, and a set of interests that diverges from mine.
23) 28) dialog: There’s something nice about having somebody who kinda shared your life, and that you could allow yourself just to be happy and confused with.
23) 30) dialog: Uh huh. (A beat.) So, why aren’t you married at thirty?
23) 32) dialog: You first.
23) 34) dialog: Well, I can't put it as well as you did about the “mental landscapes,” I just know I'm hard to be around. David's “mental landscapes” reference: competitive, fawni mocking? Lipsky isn’t sure.
23) 36) dialog: Because when I want to be by myself, like to work, I really want to be by myself. I think if you dedicate yourself to anything, one facet of that is that it makes you very very self-conscious. You end up using people. Wanting them around when you want them around, but then sending them away.
23) 38) dialog: There’s good self-consciousness. And then there’s this toxic, paralyzing, raped-by-psychic-Bedouins self- consciousness. Lipsky laughs.
23) 40) dialog: Alanis? I don’t know, I guess I'm susceptible like everybody else. Why?
23) 42) dialog: Yeah, but in a very sloppy, very human way. That squeaky, orgasmic quality in her voice? Here’s what it is: A lot of women in magazines are pretty in a way that isn’t erotic because they don’t look like anybody you know.
23) 44) dialog: You can’t imagine them putting a quarter in a parking meter or eating a bologna sandwich. But her, I don't know, I just find her absolutely riveting.
23) 46) dialog: Listening to cheesy Bloomington radio, and “I Want to Tell You” came on.
23) 48) dialog: What? 29.
23) 50) dialog: Oh, right.
23) 52) dialog: If somehow this whole fuss could get me even like a five-minute cup of tea with her...
23) 54) dialog: You serious? I would never do that.
23) 56) dialog: I'd be too terrified. Why, you would do that?
23) 58) dialog: A date with Alanis Morissette? What would I say to her? “Hello, Miss Morissette. What is it like to be you?” (gruff voice) “I don’t know -— shut up. And get the fuck away from me.”
23) 60) dialog: Yeah... except this is gonna look ridiculous: like I’m using Rolling Stone as a vehicle to, like - 30.
23) 62) dialog: Yes, I would do it. I’d go ina heartbeat. As Lipsky cracks up, David paints the picture:
23) 63) dialog: Perspiring heavily, all the way up there, shoving Certs into my mouth. Goin’ nuts. It would cost me like a week of absolute trauma. But yeah, I would do it in a heartbeat. David realizes the late hour.
23) 64) dialog: Look, I like... I like talking to you but we have to get up real early.
23) 66) dialog: It’s eleven-thirty, dickbrain.
23) 68) dialog: Where you going?
23) 70) dialog: (overlap) No no you don’t want to stay there - trust me. I’ve gota guest-roomish place you can crash in.
23) 73) dialog: Let me get this shit out of the way... Hm. (re: the rumpled sheet) Might be a good idea to change that. Together, they put on a clean sheet. When they’re done:
23) 74) dialog: Uh, leave the door open for the dogs.
23) 76) dialog: They like to wander from room to room during the night; if the door’s closed, they'll eat it to get through if they have to. ‘Night. Lipsky makes a move to shake his host’s hand but doesn’t. David goes. Lipsky finds himself surrounded by intimidati stacks of domestic and foreign editions of David's books. INT. DAVID’S HOUSE/GUEST ROOM - 1996 - LATER 41A Lipsky is in bed. From his POV on the floor: The looming towers of Infinite Jest. The door creaks open: Drone and Jeeves pay a visit. EXT. DAVID’S HOUSE - 1996 - DAWN 43 In the middle of a wintry field. INT. DAVID'S HOUSE/KITCHEN - 1996 — DAWN 44 Lipsky, wrecked, enters and finds David drinking coffee.
23) 77) dialog: Morning. There’s coffee...
23) 79) dialog: Brothers of the lung. A Pop-Tart pops up from the toaster.
23) 80) dialog: Want to split this with me? It’s the last one I’ve got. 46 47 32.
23) 82) dialog: Mi Pop-Tart es su Pop-Tart.
23) 85) dialog: ..-There’s a Mitsubishi plant, and then there’s a lot of farm-support stuff, like Ro-Tech, Anderson Seeds...
23) 87) dialog: Every time I go to New York, I get caught up in this - there’s this enormous hiss of egos at various stages of inflation and deflation. It’s me-me-me. Lipsky takes out his tape recorder.
23) 89) dialog: What? What do you mean?
23) 91) dialog: Is that what people think? I don’t know many Gen-Xers who wear ‘em. Jeez. I don’t know what to say. I guess I wish you hadn’t brought this up.
23) 93) dialog: Because now I’m worrying that it’s going to seem intentional. Like if I don't wear it, am I not wearing it because I’m bowing to other people’s perception that it’s a commercial choice? Or do I do what I want, even though it’s perceived as commercial -— and it’s just like one more crazy circle to go around.
23) 95) dialog: In Tuscon. It was a hundred degrees all the time. I would perspire so much... I would drip into the electric typewriter, I was nervous I was gonna give myself a shock. And then I discovered that I felt better with them on.
23) 97) dialog: I know it’s a security blanket for me - whenever I’m nervous. Or feel like I have to keep myself together. It makes me feel kinda creepy that people view it as an affectation or a trademark or something. It’s more of a foible, the recognition of a weakness, that I’m kinda afraid my head’s gonna explode. Lipsky laughs. 51 34.
23) 100) dialog: My dad, philosophy; my mom, English. You?
23) 102) dialog: Sounds like there’s a story there.
23) 104) dialog: So what was that like, your family divided that way?
23) 106) dialog: Twenty-one?
23) 108) dialog: I think I started a World War Two novel when I was nine.
23) 110) dialog: A bunch of people with strangely hyperdeveloped skills and powers, who are going to invade Hitler's bunker. Then, in college, I wrote a couple of papers for other people. 52 53
23) 114) dialog: Well, I wouldn't put it that coarsely. But let's say there were complicated systems of reward. I’d read two or three of their papers to learn, you know, what their music sounded like. And I remember thinking, “Man, I'm really good at this. I'm a weird kind of forger. I mean, I can sound kind of like anybody.”
23) 116) dialog: What for?
23) 118) dialog: I hereby request that you don’t.
23) 120) dialog: They're real private people, and I would have a hard time with it. So, no you may not.
25) 0) text: The Davids check in at the gate.
26) 1) dialog: Crap jobs? Let’s see: I was a security guard for this software company for three and a half months.
26) 3) dialog: I had to wear this polyester uniform, and walk under these fluorescent lights, twirlin’ my baton, checking in every ten minutes: [mimes a walkie- talkie] “All clear at this cubicle!” Like, every bad '60s novel about meaningless authority.
26) 5) dialog: No. As a matter of fact, one reason I liked that job is, I walked around not thinking. In a really like, “Huh: there's a ceiling tile.”
26) 7) dialog: This is the worst: I worked as a towel boy at this chichi health club.
26) 9) dialog: They called me something other than a towel boy, but I was in effect a towel boy. Who every once in a while was entrusted with the job of checking people in, having them show their i.d?
26) 11) dialog: Anyway, I'm sitting there, and who should walk in to get their towel, but this guy, this writer I knew. 37. Who received a Whiting Writer's Award the same year I had, like two years earlier.
26) 13) dialog: So I see this guy that I'd been up on this fucking rostrum with, having Eudora Welty give us this prize -
26) 15) dialog: - And two years later, I'm like .. It's the only time I've literally dived under something, to have somebody avoid seeing me.
26) 17) dialog: Yeah. I was pretty sure life was over.
26) 19) dialog: How’d you know about that?
26) 21) dialog: Eight days, I think.
26) 23) dialog: Mostly 'cause I was scared I would do something stupid. I had a friend from high school who tried to kill himself by sitting in a garage with the car runnin'. And what it turned out was, he didn't die, but it really fucked up his brain. 38. And I knew, that if anybody was fated to fuck up a suicide attempt, it was me.
26) 25) dialog: My late twenties.
26) 27) dialog: I think probably the not very sophisticated diagnosis is that I was depressed. 'Cause by this time, my ego's all invested in the writing. It's the only thing that I've gotten, you know, food pellets from the universe for. So I felt really trapped: Like, “Uh-oh, my five years is up. I've gotta move on, but I don't want to move on.” I was really stuck. And drinking was part of that. But it wasn't that I was stuck because I drank. It was like, I really sort of felt like my life was over at twenty- eight. And that felt really bad, and I didn't wanna feel it. So I would do all kinds of things: I mean, I would drink real heavy, I would like fuck strangers. Oh, God -- Or, then, for two weeks I wouldn't drink, and I'd run ten miles every morning, in a desperate, like very American, “I will fix this somehow, by taking radical action” sort of thing.
26) 29) dialog: David. This [the interview] is nice. This is not real. They look at one another. 39.
27) 1) dialog: An escort’s supposed to pick me up and, you know, escort me to the reading. Of course, when I hear “escort,” I imagine like full geisha with hairpins who will take you to the bookstore, then back to the hotel, walk on your back and fuck your eyeballs out. Lipsky is laughing.
27) 3) dialog: Ah. Just as I pictured. At the end of a long corridor stands a solidly-built, per forty-ish woman, PATTY, holding a sign: “MR. WALLACE.”
27) 5) dialog: Thank you, Patty.
27) 8) dialog: (in explanation) We only just met. He’s writing a piece on the tour. Should we get going?
27) 10) dialog: How was your morning, Patty... 40.
28) 0) text: Driving through Minneapolis. David and Lipsky share the backseat. Patty is a talker.
28) 2) dialog: Of course, yeah, wow.
28) 5) dialog: Oh, yeah.
28) 7) dialog: No, no.
28) 9) dialog: I’m sure. Thanks, anyway. (sotto, to Lipsky) Trust me: This is about as sexy as the tour gets. Lipsky laughs. 61 62
29) 0) text: Lipsky and David check in at the front desk.
29) 4) dialog: Ah, yes: Anita and Consuela. Lipsky laughs. The desk clerk doesn’t get the joke.
30) 1) dialog: See ya later. I’m gonna take a nap. We follow Lipsky in the opposite direction to his.
31) 14) dialog: I can’t believe you guys showed up!
31) 16) dialog: Gluttons for punishment, both of you. They greet and hug David. Introductions, handshakes.
31) 17) dialog: This is David Lipsky. A reporter from Rolling Stone.
31) 19) dialog: This is Julie... 43.
31) 21) dialog: And this is Betsy.
31) 24) dialog: Betsy and I went to grad school together, in Tucson.
31) 26) dialog: She wrote me a fan letter.
31) 28) dialog: Julie has worked with a whole lot of writers -
31) 30) dialog: Exactly. And we discovered that we actually kind of like each other as people.
31) 32) dialog: That’s how I met Jon Franzen: I wrote him a fan letter. Writers are pushovers when it comes to flattery. You could try it sometime.
32) 1) text: MARTHA CAVENAUGH, the shop manager, a robust earth-mother loves books and her job, offers cookies to Julie, Betsy, Lipsky and Patty while David looks over his reading selection.
32) 3) dialog: Do you have any artificial spit? Everyone laughs, perhaps a little too heartily.
32) 4) dialog: No, it’s an actual pharmaceutical product. Zero-Lube.
32) 6) dialog: Yeah, but it’s way better ‘cause it lubricates. You don’t get that clicky sound you do with dry mouth. He demonstrates.
32) 8) dialog: Next tour, I bring a case.
32) 10) dialog: Water? No ice? Martha goes to fetch it. Lipsky and Betsy.
33) 1) dialog: I don’t mean to be a prima donna, but I'd really prefer it if we didn’t have aQéA.
33) 3) dialog: It’s always stuff like “Where do you get your ideas?” (to Lipsky) From a Time-Life subscription series for $17.95 a month. Lipsky and Martha laugh.
33) 5) dialog: (to Lipsky) It’s all downhill from here.
34) 0) text: A long line of excited book buyers wait their turn. Seate at a table, David signs one and hands it to a YOUNG WOMAN 46.
34) 1) dialog: There you go. The young woman looks at it with bemusement.
34) 3) dialog: What? No. It’s a smiley face. See?
34) 5) dialog: If you want, I could put Wite-Out over it...
34) 7) dialog: You sure? It’s your book... Lipsky, in ad-libbed conversation with Betsy and Julie, observes from the sidelines. Back to David. A NERDY GUY pulls out the Vintage paperbac copy of The Broom of the System.
34) 8) dialog: Oh no. That old thing?
34) 10) dialog: Eh, the new one’s better. The guy plunks down a copy of Infinite Jest, too.
34) 11) dialog: Now we're talkin’. The guy laughs as David sees Lipsky laughing with Julie a Betsy and is threatened by it. Lipsky sees David looking them and smiles; David ominously doesn’t return the smile He turns instead to the next customer.
34) 12) dialog: Who’s next? 67 47.
35) 0) text: David and Lipsky are dining out on pancakes with Julie an Betsy. Laid-back, improvisational. It’s toward the end of the meal.
35) 1) dialog: I couldn't be plain old “Dave Wallace” ‘cause there were “Dave Wallaces” all over the place. And “David Raines Wallace” wrote for The New Yorker. That’s when Fred Hill asked me what my middle name was and decided that was what my name was gonna be.
35) 3) dialog: I didn’t claim it was an origin story...
35) 5) dialog: My nemesis who shall remain nameless? I think I was kind of a prick. But so was he. I was just unteachable. I mean, I don't think I was actively unpleasant in class.
35) 7) dialog: Well, I’ve got to get up unconscionably early for this public radio interview, so we'd better...
35) 9) dialog: You can do whatever the fuck you want. Sleep in if you want to. David's mercurial attitude toward him unnerves Lipsky. 68 48.
35) 12) dialog: Well, it’s on Jann.
35) 14) dialog: Jann is his boss.
35) 22) dialog: (to himself) Doesn't it. David doesn’t like that Lipsky amused his friends with a like joke - and Lipsky senses tension.
36) 0) text: Julie’s car pulls up and deposits the Davids.
36) 2) dialog: Don’t know yet.
36) 6) dialog: Yeah. I’m hungry.
37) 2) dialog: I'll tell you - having an audience with really really pretty girls who are paying attention to you, and like what you’re sayin’? Is gratifying on a fairly I think simple mammal level.
37) 4) dialog: I think pretty girls are what we most sort of dream and despair of ever having, of ever paying attention to you. And there they are, in the front row, making eyes at you.
37) 6) dialog: No she’s not.
37) 8) dialog: Get her on the phone.
37) 10) dialog: Please?
38) 9) dialog: (whispers to Lipsky) What’s her name again?
38) 11) dialog: Sarah? Hi. It’s Dave Wallace. Lipsky tries to reclaim the phone a couple of times durin the following but David, engaged in a power play, retains control: his way of re-asserting himself after Lipsky’s perceived transgressions with David’s women friends.
38) 12) dialog: Nice to meet you telephonically, too. Let me ask him. (to Lipsky) Are you behaving yourself?
38) 14) dialog: (to Sarah) I’m reasonably sure he is. I don’t have eyes on him 24/7. Lipsky reaches for the phone but David continues talking.
38) 15) dialog: What’re you up to tonight? Oh, wow. You're kidding me. Oh my gosh. What part are you up to? Wow, you’re really far along! Oh, thank you. That's very flattering. Now that David’s talking about the book, Lipsky gives up frustration, plops into a chair, and quietly seethes.
40) 0) text: — MORNING Lipsky leaves his room and goes down the hall to collect David. He knocks on his door. Listens. TV sounds from inside. Knocks again.
40) 2) dialog: Sorry, man. Got totally lost in an orgy of crap. David ducks into the bathroom.
40) 3) dialog: A simultaneous broadcast of Falcon Crest, Magnum P.I., and Charlie's Angels: A perfect storm of shit. Out in a minute. We hear the shower running. Lipsky sits on the bed watchi Jaclyn Smith and Farrah Fawcett.
41) 0) text: Lipsky and David, with his shower-wet hair pinned up, fin Patty’s car out front. They get in the backseat.
41) 2) dialog: For a radio interview? Yes. Her disapproval showing, she pulls away. 75 76
42) 2) dialog: Hi. Dave. Dave Wallace. P.A. (blushes ) I know who you are. David introduces Lipsky.
42) 3) dialog: My amanuensis, Mr. Boswell. The P.A. shakes Lipsky’s hand, playing along with the jok P.A. (in greeting) “Mr. Boswell.” Right this way. She leads David, followed by Lipsky, down a corridor past glass-walled studios. Lipsky sees people recognize David, whisper among themselves. Young women smile shyly, excite to be in the presence of a cool celebrity. P.A. We record digitally. I hope that’s OK.
42) 4) dialog: So only yes or no answers? She rolls her eyes. Lipsky laughs, David sees him scribbl in his pad.
42) 5) dialog: If you do a really mean job, I have twenty years to get you back. Remember that.
43) 2) dialog: Thank you, glad to be here. He exchanges looks with Lipsky outside the booth.
43) 4) dialog: I think I said “exhibitionist, also.”
43) 6) dialog: Well, I think being shy basically means being self-absorbed to the extent that it makes it difficult to be around other people.
43) 8) dialog: I suppose a little bit of both.
43) 12) dialog: Sorry about that. David and Lipsky climb in. 79 80 55.
43) 14) dialog: Do you know where the Mall of America is?
44) 0) text: David and Lipsky sit over lunch, the recorder running on table between them. They watch SHOPPERS.
44) 1) dialog: I wanted to write something that had kind of the texture of what life was like in America right now: This enormous tsunami of stuff comin’ at you. And also - it’s not unfun.
44) 3) dialog: My friend said when it hit the porch, it sounded like a car bomb going off.
44) 5) dialog: The people who seem most enthusiastic are young men. Which I guess I can understand - it’s a fairly male book, a fairly nerdy book, about loneliness. You can expect that somebody who's willing to read and read hard a thousand-page book is gonna be somebody with some loneliness issues.
44) 7) dialog: I think if there is sort of a sadness for people under forty-five or something, it has to do with pleasure and achievement and entertainment. And a kind of emptiness at heart of what they thought was going on, that maybe I can hope that parts of the book will speak to their nerve endings a little bit. He presses stop on the tape recorder, surprising Lipsky.
44) 8) dialog: By the way, if you quote any of this, you'd do me a favor if you’d say that I’m talking about what I hope for the book, or what the book is tryin’ to do, I don’t pretend that it has. Okay?
44) 11) dialog: Didn’t read it. I mean, I heard.
44) 13) dialog: I applauded his taste and discernment. What do you want me to say? How would you feel about it?
44) 15) dialog: All I know is, this is absolutely the best I could do between like 1992 and 1995. And if everybody hated it, I wouldn’t be thrilled, but I don’t think I'd be devastated, either. 57. It’s like, if you’re used to doing heavy-duty literary stuff that doesn’t sell well, being human animals with egos, we find a way to accommodate that fact by the following equation: If it sells really well and gets a lot of attention, it must be shit. Then, of course, the ultimate irony is: if your thing gets a lot of attention and sells really well, then the very mechanism you’ve used to shore yourself up when your stuff didn’t sell well is now part of the Darkness Nexus when it does, so you’re screwed. You can’t win. Lipsky is laughing.
45) 0) text: David and Lipsky stand outside. Julie and Betsy arrive. A libbed greetings all around.
46) 5) dialog: Ooo, Broken Arrow! Perfect dumb boy movie. Things that blow up!
46) 7) dialog: You've already seen it? Boy, you are aman from my own heart, aren’t you.
46) 10) dialog: We can see something else...
47) 0) text: A loud, explosive action scene from Broken Arrow with Joh Travolta and Christian Slater fills the screen. Seated up close, their heads craned looking up at the scr Julie and Betsy sit together and Lipsky monitors David's reactions. David is an ideal spectator, totally engaged w a child-like guilelessness that Lipsky finds endearing.
47) 1) dialog: Oh boy... oh wow, oh jeez...!
48) 0) text: Julie, Betsy, David and Lipsky file out after the movie. Improv post-movie discussion.
48) 1) dialog: Wasn’t that a cool shot at the end, when Travolta gets impaled by the thing?
48) 3) dialog: Do you have a T.V.?
49) 2) dialog: I know that guy. 59.
49) 4) dialog: No, the guy playing Letterman.
49) 6) dialog: Went to Amherst with him.
49) 8) dialog: I hated his guts. Laughter. Lipsky gets up to go to the kitchen which is visible from the living room.
49) 13) dialog: He was just very cool and popular and I was not, that was the basic offense. Betsy gets something out of her bag and joins Lipsky in t kitchen.
49) 19) dialog: Look what's on next. Algiers. Starring Hedy Lamarr. Have you seen it?
49) 21) dialog: It’s one of the greats. And Hedy Lamarr is fascinating. She invented frequency hopping. David sees Lipsky and Betsy talking and doesn’t like it. Back to the kitchen.
49) 26) dialog: (whispers ) What are you doing? Lipsky initially thinks David is joking.
49) 28) dialog: I saw you hitting on Betsy.
49) 30) dialog: David, I saw you! You got her to give you her address.
49) 32) dialog: Well, I don’t want her talking to you.
49) 34) dialog: I told you she and I dated when we were in grad school... The least you can do is show me the respect of not coming on to her right in front of me.
49) 36) dialog: You're already involved with somebody who lives in Los Angeles... David is glaring at him when we hear:
49) 38) dialog: (calls) Everything’s fine. Thank you. (to Lipsky) Just stay away from her. Okay? Bea good guy. David goes back to the women.
49) 39) dialog: What'd I miss? 86 87
50) 0) text: Algiers is on television. David watches; Betsy is gone; Julie has fallen asleep. Lipsky, now wary of David, sits some distance away, struggling to stay awake.
50) 4) dialog: I got it.
50) 6) dialog: So will mine. I got it, I said. Lipsky relents.
51) 0) text: Lipsky and David ride up in silence. The elevator arrives their floor with a ding. INT. HOTEL WHITNEY/CORRIDOR - MINNEAPOLIS - 1996 -— CONTI Lipsky goes in one direction; David in the other.
53) 0) text: Mid-flight. David, his beaten-up Robert Heinlein paperbac on his lap, sleeps soundly with his lips slightly parted his bandanna’d head leaning against the window. Lipsky studies his sunlit face with new objectivity.
54) 0) text: A fresh layer of snow covers every car in the lot, making them indistinguishable from one another. David and Lipsky walk through the rows of cars, David carrying his knapsac They continue to walk up and down the rows of cars lookin for the Grand Am. Lipsky repeatedly clicks his key hoping have the car announce itself with blinking headlights. Lipsky clicks the key and locates the car. Finally. They throw their bags in the trunk and start to get in.
54) 2) dialog: You didn’t think to write down where we parked the car? Lipsky is cold, feeling vulnerable, fighting tears.
54) 4) dialog: What is with you?
55) 2) dialog: What do you mean “false?”
55) 4) dialog: In what way?
55) 6) dialog: Oh, really?
55) 8) dialog: When?
55) 10) dialog: You’re a tough room, you know that?
55) 12) dialog: That would make me a real asshole, wouldn’t it? I don’t think writers are any smarter than other people. I think they may be more compelling in their stupidity, or in their confusion. 66. But I think one of the true ways that I have gotten smarter is, I’ve realized that I’m not much smarter than other people.
55) 14) dialog: There are ways in which other people are a lot smarter than me. Like, I don't know, it makes me feel kinda lonely...
55) 16) dialog: There’s certain stuff I’ve told you that’s really true and, frankly, I think it’s been brave of me.
55) 18) dialog: I’ve written enough of these “pieces” to know that you could present this in a hundred different ways. Ninety of which I’m really gonna come off as a monumental asshole. But it seems like your read of this is, “Huh: what an interesting persona Dave is adopting for the purposes of this interview.”
55) 20) dialog: If we’d done this interview through the mail? And I had access to a library, and could look stuff up? My dream would be for you to write this up, send it to me, and I get to rewrite all my quotes - which of course you'll never do. When I’m in a room by myself, alone, and have enough time, I can be really really smart. Don’t get me wrong: I think I’m bright; I think I’m talented. I don’t mean to sound disingenuous.
55) 22) dialog: I am not an idiot. I mean, you know, I can talk intelligently with you about stuff. But I can’t quite keep up with you.
55) 24) dialog: Believe me: I’m not just “Aw-shucks, I’m just in from the country, I’m not a real writer, I’m just a regular guy.” I’m not trying to lay some kind of shit. And I’m -
55) 26) dialog: I just think to look across the room and automatically assume that somebody else is less aware than me, or that somehow their interior life is less rich, and complicated, and acutely perceived than mine, makes me not as good a writer.
55) 28) dialog: Because that means I'm going to be performing for a faceless audience, instead of trying to have a conversation with a person. If you think that's faux, then you think what you want. I've got a serious fear of being a certain way. And a set I think of like, real convictions about why I'm continuing to do this, why it's worthwhile. Why it's not just an exercise in basically getting my dick sucked. And, you know what?, this is a very clever tactic of yours:
55) 30) dialog: Get me a little pissed off, a little less guarded, I’m gonna reveal more. 95 96 68. Yes, it's true: I treasure my regular- guy-ness; I've started to think it's my biggest asset as a writer, that I'm pretty much just like everybody else. (A beat.) You know what? I’m not doing any kind of faux thing with you; I'm not gonna say it again.
55) 32) dialog: Look, I don’t know if you’re a very nice man or not. It’s very clear that you don’t believe a word I've said.
55) 34) dialog: I don’t have the brain cells left to play any kind of “faux” games with you.
56) 4) dialog: Tour’s over.
56) 6) dialog: Yeah. I’m gonna have to feel all this now, instead of just sleepwalk through it.
56) 8) dialog: I've kind of unplugged myself for the last three weeks. Meeting a whole lot of new people, having to do things, you're in a constant low-level state of anxiety. And sort of deep, existential, you know: fear, that you feel kind of all the way down to your butthole.
56) 10) dialog: The worst? That I’ll really get to like it. That’s the worst.
56) 12) dialog: Uh huh.
56) 14) dialog: Become one of these hideous: “Yet another publication party, and Hey, there’s Dave sticking his head in the back of the photo.” I’d rather be dead.
56) 18) dialog: Exactly. And there’s nothing more grotesque than somebody who's going around, “I'm a writer, I’m a writer, I’m a writer.” Is that a dig at Lipsky? Lipsky thinks so.
56) 19) dialog: I don’t mind appearing in Rolling Stone, but I don’t want to appear in Rolling Stone as somebody who wants to be in Rolling Stone. If you see me like, you know, a guest on a game show in a couple of years... Lipsky laughs. Pause. David is pensive again.
56) 20) dialog: To have written a book about how seductive image is, and how many ways there are to get seduced off any kind of meaningful path, because of the way the culture is now...? What if I become this parody of that very thing? Lipsky looks at David, who stares straight ahead, his eye maybe filling with tears.
56) 21) dialog: Tomorrow, you drive away, get ona plane, this is over. And I’m back to knowing like twenty people. Then I’m going to have to like decompress from getting all this attention. Because it’s like getting heroin injected into your cortex. That registers with Lipsky. 97 71.
56) 22) dialog: And where I’m going to need real balls is to be able to sit and go through that. And try to remind myself that what the reality is: that I’m thirty- four years old, and I’m alone ina room with a piece of paper. They drive in silence.
57) 0) text: The Grand Am pulls up, its headlights the only artificial light. The Davids get out and remove their bags. Inside, the dogs are barking in anticipation. David unlocks the door and the dogs greet him and Lipsky exuberantly. David kneels so that the dogs lick his face.
57) 1) dialog: (in an Elvis voice) I’m never leavin’ you again, I swear. David looks around the carpet.
57) 2) dialog: Shit Check. (discovers some) Ah! Look what you did. The dogs sheepishly watch David clean up their shit.
57) 3) dialog: Happens to the best of us, eh, boy? Never fails. Wait to do your thing after the dog-sitter leaves. (to Lipsky) Be sure your Rolling Stone readers learn about that. David prepares to put on some music. Tape recorder in han Lipsky approaches.
57) 5) dialog: Is this the heroin thing? The heroin thing again?
57) 7) dialog: It isn’t true. What is so hard for you to believe?
57) 9) dialog: That doesn’t mean it’s autobiographical, the drug stuff in the book is basically a metaphor. Look at you. You don’t fucking believe a word I’m saying, do you.
57) 11) dialog: I was not, I never was a heroin addict.
57) 13) dialog: I don't know if I had a breakdown, I got really really depressed. I told you that. It had nothing to do with drugs. I mean, I'm somebody who spent most of his life in libraries. I never lived that kind of dangerous life. I wouldn't even stick a needle into my arm.
57) 15) dialog: I have no idea! I have no idea.
57) 17) dialog: To tell you truly, if you structured this as some “and then he spiraled into some terrible addiction thing,” it would be inaccurate. It was more like, I got more and more unhappy. The more unhappy I would get, the more I would drink. There was no joy in the drinking. I used it for anesthesia. Okay?
57) 19) dialog: No, I was not! Okay? Part of my reticence about this whole thing is that it won't make very good copy for you. Because, no, I was not like that at all!
57) 21) dialog: I know that I did.
57) 23) dialog: I'm also aware that some addictions are sexier than others. My primary addiction my entire life has been to television. I told you that. Now, television addiction is of far less interest to your readers than something like heroin, that confirms the mythos of the writer -
57) 25) dialog: I know you don't believe that. I’m also aware that one of the things swirling around here is you want the best fucking article you can have! 100 101 74. Why don’t you write whatever the fuck you want, but the fact of the matter is, it was not a Lost Weekend sort of thing. Nor was it some lurid, romantic writer-as-alcoholic-sort-of-thing. What it was, was a 28-year-old person who exhausted a couple other ways to live, really taken them to their conclusion. Which for me was a pink room, with a drain in the center of the floor. Which is where they put me for an entire day when they thought I was going to kill myself. Where you don’t have anything on, and somebody's observing you through a slot in the wall. And when that happens to you, you become tremendously... unprecedentedly willing to examine some other alternatives for how to live. David looks at him for a moment. He walks out of the room leaving Lipsky behind, his head reeling. Lipsky presses s on the tape recorder.
59) 0) text: Lipsky is in bed, still awake in the moonlight. The door ajar, David comes in. He speaks softly, in shadow. He can be seen and can’t see Lipsky very well; it’s sort of like confession.
59) 1) dialog: You awake?
59) 3) dialog: I was just thinking... It wasn't a chemical imbalance, and it wasn't drugs and alcohol. It was much more that I had lived an incredibly American life. That, “If I could just achieve X and Y and Z, everything would be OK.” (A beat.) 102 103 104 75. There's a thing in the book: when people jump out of a burning skyscraper, it's not that they're not afraid of falling anymore, it's that the alternative is so awful. And then you're invited to consider what could be so awful, that leaping to your death seems like an escape from it. I don't know if you've had any experience with this kind of thing. But it's worse than any kind of physical injury. It may be what in the old days was known as a spiritual crisis. Feeling as though every axiom of your life turned out to be false, and there was actually nothing, and you were nothing, and it was alla delusion. And that you were better than everyone else because you saw that it was a delusion, and yet you were worse because you can't fucking function. And it’s really horrible. (A beat.) I don’t think we ever change. I’m sure there are still those same parts of me. I’ve just got to find a way not to let them drive. Y'know? (A beat.) Well, anyway... Good night.
60) 0) text: Morning light falls across Lipsky’s face. The dogs greet him. He stirs, gets up. INT. DAVID’S HOUSE/HALLWAY - 1996 - MORNING 103 Lipsky heads for the bathroom just as David emerges from
61) 0) text: David and Lipsky are out on a wintry field, walking the d 76.
61) 1) dialog: Jeeves, Drone, come! You get instantaneous production from the Jeevester; Drone’s a much tougher nut.
61) 3) dialog: You should see: in the spring, when the wind blows, you can see ripples, it’s like water. It’s like the ocean, except it’s real green. I mean, it really is. Calm, real pretty. (Pause.) Hungry?
61) 5) dialog: You should get going.
62) 0) text: Lipsy and David emerge. David tucks into the takeout bag.
62) 1) dialog: Sorry, I can’t wait, I’m suddenly starving, I gotta eat something. David picks pickles off his bacon double cheeseburger.
62) 3) dialog: Oh, come on. Now the whole world will know what my mother’s known for years: I'm a picky eater? He takes a bite.
63) 0) text: The dogs are in David and Lipsky’s faces while the men ea 77.
63) 1) dialog: Jeeves, sit! You see, Jeeves gets very obedient when food is around. You sit, Drone. It should be clear by now that you’re not getting any of this. Drone sits. David feeds both dogs morsels of his food.
63) 2) dialog: Good dog! There you go, thatta boy. (to Lipsky) Don’t leave food within their reach - they will eat it. Lipsky takes a note.
63) 3) dialog: You’re not gonna make me look like one of those insane old women who talk to their dogs, are you?
63) 5) dialog: I am worried: my dogs’1l be offended.
63) 7) dialog: Wow - he’s never taken to a male like he’s taken to you.
63) 9) dialog: Except for me, of course. The phone rings. David hands Lipsky his burger.
63) 10) dialog: Hold this?
63) 12) dialog: (on the phone) Hello? Oh, hey. 78. He turns away from Lipsky and lowers his voice but Lipsky still hear him.
63) 13) dialog: Yeah, I would like to. I can’t right now. I’ve got this guy here. Lipsky is stung: After all the intimacy they shared, Lips is just “this guy.”
63) 14) dialog: The Rolling Stone guy. Yeah. Well, he should be leaving pretty soon. Can I just meet you there? Okay? Great. See you there. Bye. He hangs up. Lipsky tries not to show his hurt.
63) 16) dialog: Just this friend. This dance I like to go to, with this friend.
63) 18) dialog: Uh huh. I’ve just discovered in the last few years that I really like it. Although I’m still not very good.
63) 20) dialog: I tend to do the Jerk, the Swim, cheesy 70s disco.
63) 22) dialog: The nice thing about Bloomington? You're completely hip if you do that.
63) 24) dialog: This Baptist church. 79. Lipsky can’t tell if David is serious.
63) 26) dialog: Because Baptists can dance.
63) 28) dialog: I will not Vogue.
64) 0) text: Lipsky, listening to David’s voice, smiles ruefully. DAVID’S VOICE (on tape) That’s the one thing I refuse to do: I will not Vogue. It’s cool. All these people come, and they’ve all got their dancing shoes on and stuff. And it’s nice. Everybody just, more or less, leaves each other alone.
65) 1) dialog: Hey, before you leave, I would really like it if maybe we should exchange address data.
65) 3) dialog: And I should start carving an ice sculpture out of my car. It’s like Antarctica. David grabs his coat and gloves and goes outside. Soon we hear the sound of David scraping ice off his car, which i heard throughout the following: 110 111
69) 0) text: His book in hand, Lipsky trudges through the snow and fin David systematically scraping away at his car.
69) 1) dialog: Driving that rental of yours? The feeling of gliding? This shit box dudn’t even have shock absorbers.
69) 3) dialog: ‘85 Nissan Sentra. I know it doesn’t look like much, but, man, this thing starts. It’s actually a problem.
69) 5) dialog: I gotta get a new one but I can’t junk this.
69) 7) dialog: It's my friend.
69) 10) dialog: Wow. Just happened to have it on you?
69) 12) dialog: Why not?
69) 14) dialog: No. Thanks, man, I look forward to reading it.
69) 16) dialog: I’ll read it soon as I’m done with the Heinlein and I’1l send you a note.
69) 18) dialog: I’1ll be curious to see what it’s like being inside your head for a change. I like your cover.
69) 20) dialog: Come on. You got approval but I - ? (stops himself) It’s nice. It’s very nice. Lipsky puts his bag in the Grand Am and slams the trunk.
69) 22) dialog: It'd be very interesting to talk to you in a few years.
69) 24) dialog: ‘Cause my own experience is that that’s not so. The more people think that you’re really good, actually the bigger the fear of being a fraud is. The worst thing about having a lot of attention paid to you, is that you’re afraid of bad attention. If bad attention hurts you, then the calibre of the weapon that’s pointed at you has gone way up. Like from a .22 toa -45. But there’s a part of me that wants a lot of attention. And that thinks I’m really good, and wants other people to see it. It’s one of the ways I think we’re sort of alike, you know?
69) 27) dialog: I’m not so sure you want to be me.
69) 29) dialog: (A beat. He smiles.) Send my best to “Jann.” David shuts the door. Lipsky starts the car and pulls awa while David returns to scraping his car.
74) 0) text: Lipsky imagines, in slow-motion, David dancing joyously, sweating like crazy, with members of the church the night Lipsky left, the night that began the rest of his life.
74) 5) dialog: All yours. Lipsky goes, leaving David with the tape running. This ti instead of following Lipsky, we break form and stay on Da
74) 6) dialog: (into the recorder) Now it’s just me and the tape recorder sittin’ here. Drone’s lookin’ at the floor, I’m smokin’, having said I wasn’t going to smoke, I’m smokin’. Just me and your your tape recorder. The SCREEN GOES WHITE.