1) 5) text: The guy holding court is CHUCKIE SULLIVAN, 20, and the la of the bunch. He is loud, boisterous, a born entertainer. Next to him is WILL HUNTING, 20, handsome and confident, softspoken leader. On Will's right sits BILLY MCBRIDE, 22 heavy, quiet, someone you definitely wouldn't want to tan with. Finally there is MORGAN O'MALLY, 19, smaller than the oth guys. Wiry and anxious, Morgan listens to Chuckie's horro stories with eager disgust. All four boys speak with thick Boston accents. This is a  rough, working class Irish neighborhood and these boys ar its product.
1) 16) dialog: Fuckin' Chuckie!
1) 21) dialog: OH!
1) 25) dialog: Like it can understand.
1) 33) dialog: No! Ugh!
3) 0) text: The place is a monster indoor funpark. Will, Chuckie, Mor and Billy are in adjoining batting cages. Will has disabl the pitching machine in his and pitches to Chuckie. The b have been drinking. Will throws one to Chuckie, high and  tight. Several empty beer cans sit by the cage.
6) 0) text: In the bleachers of the visiting section we find our boys drinking and smoking cigarettes. Will pops open a beer. T boys have been here a while and it shows. Billy sees something that catches his interest.
6) 1) dialog: Who's that? She's got a nice ass.
6) 5) dialog: Who's she talking to?
6) 8) dialog: He's a pretty big kid.
8) 24) dialog: You gotta' be kiddin' me. Why do we  even go to her?
15) 6) dialog: Yah, restructurin' the amount of  retards they had workin' for them.
15) 8) dialog: Least I work for a livin'. (to Will) Why'd you get fired?
17) 0) text: Chuckie returns to a table where Will, Morgan and Billy h made themselves comfortable. He [Chuckie] spots two ATTRA YOUNG HARVARD WOMEN sitting together at the end of the ba Chuckie struts his way toward the women and pulls up a ch He flashes a smile and tries to submerge his thick Boston accent.
17) 7) text: At this point, several interested parties materialize. Mo Billy and Will try, as inconspicuously as possible, to si themselves within listening distance. A rather large stud in a HARVARD LACROSSE sweatshirt, CLARK (22) notices Chuc He [Clark] walks over to Skylar and Lydia, nobly hovering over them as protector. This gets Will, Morgan, and Billy attention.
17) 22) text: Billy shifts his beer into his left hand. Will and Morgan see this. Morgan rolls his eyes as if to say "not again..
17) 27) text: Will and Billy come forward, stand behind Chuckie.
18) 0) text: Will sits with Morgan at the bar watching with some amuse as Chuckie and Billy play bar basketball game where the  players shoot miniature balls at a small basket. In the B occasionally we hear Chuckie shouting "Larry!" When he sc Skylar emerges from the crowd and approaches Will.
29) 0) text: Will and Chuckie walk up to an enclosed trampoline. Billy and Morgan prefer to use it for their own version of  "Wrestlemania." As Will and Chuckie approach, Billy is on top of a bloodi Morgan and has him in the "Cobra Clutch."  Will and Chuck watch for a beat. Billy tightens his grip.
29) 1) dialog: Submit, bitch! Submit! Submit!
29) 3) dialog: Oh, Morgan!
51) 0) text: Rain pounds South Boston. Chuckie sits with the Cadillac  fiddling, humming to the radio. Morgan and Billy sit in t back, sharing a case of beer. Will is at a pay phone.
52) 10) dialog: You're a pretty funny guy. Here,  have a nickel.
52) 11) text: Billy WHIPS his EMPTY BEER CAN off of Morgan's head.
52) 13) dialog: All right, then.
66) 21) dialog: I've been shit faced for like two  weeks.
66) 52) text: Morgan mumbles something and staggers off. Billy follows  with an indifferent shrug.
77) 0) text: Chuckie, Billy, and Will sit in the Sullivan kitchen. Bil cracks open a beer and Chuckie reads the sports page. Bot boys are smoking. Will drinks a beer, distractedly. We he the faint music track and soft moans of a PORNO MOVIE  emanating from a back room. After a beat, Chuckie looks u
100) 7) text: Billy walks in the door and give Chuckie a look. Chuckie  turns to Will.
101) 10) dialog: Yeah, now that you can drink legally,  we thought the best thing to get you  was a car.
109) 0) text: Chuckie and the boys drive down the street in the Cadilla Morgan and Billy ride in the back, leaving the shotgun se open for Will.