2) 0) text: The classroom is packed with graduate students and TOM. PROFESSOR LAMBEAU (52) is at the lectern. The chalkboard  behind him is covered with theorems.
2) 8) text: A smattering of applause. Students pack their bags.
5) 0) text: A thirty year REUNION PARTY has taken over the lawn. A we dressed throng mill about underneath a large banner that  reads "WELCOME BACK CLASS OF '72." We find Professor Lamb standing with a drink in his hand, surveying the crowd. H is interrupted by an approaching STUDENT.
5) 1) dialog: Excuse me, Professor Lambeau?
5) 3) dialog: I'm in your applied theories class. We're all down at the Math and Science  building.
5) 5) dialog: I know. We just couldn't wait 'till  Monday to find out.
5) 7) dialog: Who proved the theorem.
7) 0) text: Lambeau, still in his reunion formal-wear, strides down t hallway, carrying some papers. A group of students have  gathered by the chalkboard. They part like the red sea as approaches the board. Using the papers in hand, he checks the proof. Satisfied, he turns to the class.
7) 2) text: Dead silence. Lambeau turns to an INDIAN STUDENT.
13) 8) text: The class waits in breathless anticipation. A STUDENT shi his weight in his chair, making a noise.
15) 0) text: A crowded Harvard Bar. Will and our gang walk by a line o several Harvard students, waiting to be carded.
15) 14) text: After two students flash their ID's to the doorman (CASEY our boys file past him.
15) 16) text: With an imperceptible nod, Casey waves our boys through. fifth kid, a HARVARD STUDENT, tries to follow. He is stop by Casey's massive, outstretched arm:
36) 0) text: This is SEAN MAGUIRE'S "Dying and Bereavement" class.  Emblazoned on the door is "room 101." While the lecture h could hold sixty students, there are less than fifteen he today. Sean Maguire lectures to the class in a resigned tone. Ti of teaching, tired of life, he finds himself resigned to tedium of teaching core classes to an indifferent student body.
36) 11) text: The students look up, somewhat stunned.
36) 17) text: The students stare blankly.
62) 0) text: Will sits in an outdoor cafe, thinking. After a beat, he  leans over to two students working at a nearby table, bor a pen and paper and starts writing.