2) 0) text: The classroom is packed with graduate students and TOM. PROFESSOR LAMBEAU (52) is at the lectern. The chalkboard  behind him is covered with theorems.
14) 0) text: Lambeau comes out of his office with Tom and locks the do As he turns to walk down the hallway, he stops. A faint  TICKING SOUND can be heard. He turns and walks down the h Lambeau and Tom come around a corner. His P.O.V. reveals figure in silhouette blazing through the proof on the  chalkboard. There is a mop and a bucket beside him. As La draws closer, reveal that the figure is Will, in his jani uniform. There is a look of intense concentration in his  eyes.
32) 0) text: The Psychologist comes walking out, much to the surprise Lambeau and Tom who have been waiting in the lobby.
32) 7) text: He [Henry] is out the door. Lambeau looks to Tom.
33) 0) text: Will is in Lambeau's office. Lambeau is at the board, wor on a diagram as Tom takes notes. Will seems disinterested
34) 0) text: Will sits in a chair across from Lambeau and the HYPNOTIS Lambeau's assistant, TOM (33) takes notes. The Hypnotist  makes small talk with Lambeau, who checks his watch.
35) 10) text: Lambeau makes a sound. The Hypnotist shushes him [Lambeau with his [Hypnotist's] finger. Tom returns to his note-ta
35) 32) text: Will is out the door. Lambeau turns to Tom.
35) 33) dialog: I called Mel Weintraub this morning,  to check for availability.
35) 35) dialog: What do you want to do?
35) 37) dialog: Who is he?
43) 0) text: Sean's office is comfortable. Books are stacked against t wall. There is a PAINTING on the wall behind Sean. Sean i seated behind a desk. Lambeau sits in a chair in the back the room, next to Tom. A long beat passes, they wait.
44) 0) text: Will walks out of Sean's office past Lambeau and Tom who sitting in the hallway.
73) 0) text: Tom and Will are sitting waiting for Lambeau.
73) 1) dialog: !!! !
80) 0) text: Lambeau is scribbling away at work. Tom is taking notes.  Will is tapping his fingers, waiting for him to finish.
87) 0) text: Lambeau and Tom are in his office. Will is nowhere to be  seen. Lambeau is on the phone.
87) 2) text: He hangs up. Tom picks up a FORM up off the desk.
87) 3) dialog: What should I do?
87) 7) dialog: Okay.
87) 8) text: Tom understands, begins filling out the form.