19) 150) text: and in front of the place, as CAMERA MOVES UP AGAIN  TO the entrance, we see a janitor sweeping off the  sidewalk. He is a strange, unwholesome-looking  character. He has swept most of the sidewalk, pushing  the collected debris into a pile in the gutter, when  his attention is caught by the protruding end of a  whiskey bottle which shows in the pile. He picks up  the bottle and sees that there is a little bit of  liquid left in it, and he drains it, drop by drop,  into his mouth. He stoops to examine the pile further.
19) 166) dialog: Yes, sir.
21) 11) text: Janitor comes forward, followed by two workmen.
21) 13) dialog: Yes, sir.
25) 31) text: As Ralph continues his explanation to Charlotte, CAMERA TRUCKS UP BEHIND Florence, and OVER HER SHOULDER THROUGH  glass panel we see interior of museum with the various  figures. Close to door we see the janitor carrying on his shoulder the Joan Gale figure which he places on a  pedestal in foreground. He carries the figure in such a  position that we see the back of it first, and as he  places it on the pedestal he turns it around so that we  see the face. CAMERA CONCENTRATES for several minutes  on this figure.
40) 0) text: The janitor comes up the steps from Igor's private  workroom. He looks to the entrance to the street and  we see 
40) 5) text: The janitor starts guiltily and slinks quickly out  through rear door.
71) 0) text: Janitor is sweeping walk. Ralph comes into picture,  glances into museum and, assuming that he is the  first to arrive, takes a last puff on a cigarette  before entering. He throws it away and starts to  enter when we hear Florence's voice off scene.
72) 12) text: Don't deceive me or I'll come back and  haunt you.  Winton's car moves away. Ralph unlocks the door, and  he and Florence enter the museum. Ralph throws away  cigarette. Janitor picks it up and stands leaning on  broom, puffing it.
85) 0) text: A great crowd is collecting. The police are holding  them back. They lead the janitor and Hugo from the  building.