19) 175) text: Wheels angrily away. The workman laughs. CAMERA FOLLOWS  Igor as he wheels to end of museum where Hugo and Ralph  are at work putting the finishing touches on two  individual figures. Hugo is a man of middle age, with  an insane, crafty face, unkempt hair and several days  growth of beard. He smiles continually to himself as  though some secret of his own amused him. He is deaf  and dumb and when excited or angry emits strange  terrifying growls similar to the noises we heard  the Monster utter. Ralph is rather a nice-looking  youngster and seems engrossed in what he is doing.
19) 176) text: CLOSE SHOT Igor comes to a stop near Ralph and sits  inspecting his work.
19) 181) dialog: One of the maids-in-waiting for that  Elizabethan group. 
19) 186) dialog: (steps back a little and  looks critically at the  figure)
19) 192) dialog: But the composition as a whole -- I've  tried to keep a sketchy freedom.
19) 198) text: Ralph grins. Igor takes one of the crutches that ride  beside him on chair and, reaching out, pokes Hugo's  shoulder. Hugo turns with a startled growl.
21) 16) text: Sparrow exits with three men, leaving door open. Igor  wheels back toward Ralph and Hugo. He laughs  delightedly, addressing Ralph.
21) 54) dialog: (laughs)
25) 0) text: as Ralph, consulting his watch, approaches window and looks out. Through window we see a cab arriving. The  two girls emerge from cab. Florence stops to pay driver.  As Ralph turns from window and starts for his hat and  coat, CAMERA PULLS BACK TO A FULL SHOT. Ralph gets hat  and coat and starts toward door. Igor, who has been  near the front of museum, wheels out in front of Ralph.
25) 4) dialog: To lunch.
25) 8) dialog: But I have some friends waiting.
25) 11) dialog: I will only be gone about half an hour.
25) 14) dialog: All right, I'll tell them. They're right  here in front.
25) 15) text: Ralph exits and CAMERA FOLLOWS him through the door. 
25) 17) text: as Ralph enters to Charlotte and, taking both her  hands, kisses her lightly on cheek. He speaks to  Florence, who is standing beside Charlotte.
25) 19) dialog: Hello, Florence. How are you?
25) 23) dialog: Gee, honey-bunch, I'm sorry -- I'm going  to have to disappoint you.
25) 30) dialog: Well, you see, the old chap is pretty  anxious to open on schedule. All of his  advertising announced the opening tonight.
25) 31) text: As Ralph continues his explanation to Charlotte, CAMERA TRUCKS UP BEHIND Florence, and OVER HER SHOULDER THROUGH  glass panel we see interior of museum with the various  figures. Close to door we see the janitor carrying on his shoulder the Joan Gale figure which he places on a  pedestal in foreground. He carries the figure in such a  position that we see the back of it first, and as he  places it on the pedestal he turns it around so that we  see the face. CAMERA CONCENTRATES for several minutes  on this figure.
25) 32) text: Florence stares at it, puzzled. Then recognition dawns.  Ralph enters PAST CAMERA and goes to door. He is about  to hurry into museum, when Florence detains him by a  hand on his arm. As she turns, we get the two in  profile. Her expression is one of excitement.
25) 37) text: Ralph! Burton! Are you going to stay out  there all day?
25) 39) dialog: (drawing door to quietly  and lowering his tone)
25) 44) dialog: No use. He's a crab, I tell you.
25) 48) text: She pushes past Ralph and enters museum, followed by Ralp
25) 50) dialog: Nix, Flo -- he won't let you in and  you'll only get me in Dutch.
26) 0) text: Igor sees a stranger entering with Ralph and wheels  chair rapidly toward them, speaking as he goes.
26) 12) text: staring, fascinated. CAMERA DRAWS BACK to include the  group again and Ralph notices something strange in  Igor's manner.
26) 14) dialog: What's the matter, Mr. Igor?
26) 19) dialog: Why, certainly, sir. My fiancГ©e. Charlotte,  may I present Mr. Igor.
26) 44) dialog: Until this evening.
28) 0) text: Hugo and Ralph return to work. Sparrow stands beside  Igor, who is addressing Ralph.
28) 4) dialog: Charlotte is lovely, isn't she?
36) 8) dialog: as Charlotte and Florence enter, he takes a step forward  to meet them.
36) 10) dialog: Hello, hello. You're late.  (Takes a step back from  Charlotte and looks at  her admiringly.) 
38) 0) text: Igor has ended his lecture, and Ralph is escorting a  group of visitors to the door.
38) 2) dialog: We hope you have enjoyed seeing these  things tonight. I hope you will tell your  friends for we believe we have something  here of genuine public interest.  (As the last of the visitors  file through the door.) 
38) 15) text: Sparrow sees Charlotte and Ralph approaching and signals  Igor to silence. As Sparrow walks away, Ralph and  Charlotte walk toward Igor smiling.
38) 17) dialog: (in a rather encouraging tone)
38) 28) dialog: Yes, sir. Ralph walks away toward the front door and CAMERA MOVES 
39) 0) text: The deaf and dumb man on scene as Ralph enters. Ralph,  slipping into overcoat, scarf, etc., slaps him on the  back. 
39) 1) dialog: (yelling)
39) 3) text: The mute chuckles inanely as Ralph makes his exit.  After Ralph is gone, Hugo takes a black, loose ulster -- a couple of sizes too large -- and hat from the  hook, his clothes resembling those worn by the  Monster. Slipping into them, he exits from cloakroom  and disappears through a rear door.
45) 2) dialog: I wish you'd cut her out and get a  place by yourself.  (Looking after Florence.)
45) 6) dialog: She isn't anybody's friend, and I don't  like you living with her. She's a bad  influence.
45) 10) dialog: What's nice about her? ... a hard-boiled  little gold digger.
45) 13) dialog: Well, I do say it.
45) 17) dialog: (interrupting)
45) 22) dialog: I'm not quarreling, only ... 
47) 4) dialog: You wouldn't have said that before  you met her.
47) 7) dialog: Well, that's just how stupid I am. When  you go riding, it will be with me. And  if it's with someone else, you can make  it a permanent arrangement.
47) 11) dialog: That's the way I feel about it.
47) 13) text: Turning, she walks rapidly away. Ralph stands, looking  after her.
68) 43) text: Ralph! Are you here?
68) 44) text: There is no answer and she starts down the length of  the museum, occasionally calling "Ralph." As she passes  a niche in the wall that contains a half figure of Dante  on the platform, the CAMERA MOVES TO CLOSE-UP of that  figure. The artificial lids are raised and we see the  eyes of a living person peering through and watching  her progress. Over this we hear her calling "Ralph"  again, but the call is growing fainter. The lids drop  back into place.
70) 10) text: Ralph! Ralph!
71) 0) text: Janitor is sweeping walk. Ralph comes into picture,  glances into museum and, assuming that he is the  first to arrive, takes a last puff on a cigarette  before entering. He throws it away and starts to  enter when we hear Florence's voice off scene.
71) 5) dialog: What are you people doing out in the  middle of the night?
71) 10) dialog: I guess so. But wouldn't it be better for  you to wait until the old man's here?
71) 16) dialog: (boyishly)
72) 9) text: Flo, I've got to find a place to park.  I'll be right back.  CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS taking in Ralph and Florence at museum door.
72) 12) text: Don't deceive me or I'll come back and  haunt you.  Winton's car moves away. Ralph unlocks the door, and  he and Florence enter the museum. Ralph throws away  cigarette. Janitor picks it up and stands leaning on  broom, puffing it.
73) 5) text: Ralph, come here a minute, will you?
73) 7) dialog: (crossing to her and  notices her biting nails)
76) 1) text: Ralph is holding the photograph, and he and Florence  stand looking at the figure. We see that the features  of the two are identical. Then we hear a muffled scream.  Florence and Ralph look at each other inquiringly and  stand waiting for the scream to be repeated.
79) 0) text: Florence and Ralph hear scream repeated and rush to  stairs. CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they run to stairs and  start down. They find door locked. Ralph throws his  full weight against the door several times. When the  door shatters he stumbles into room.
80) 0) text: They look around, startled. It is apparently untenanted.  As they stand looking at each other in bewilderment, the scream is repeated. Ralph gestures, "Wait a minute,"  then, with emphasis:
80) 2) dialog: It did come from under our feet!
80) 5) text: We see Charlotte on operating table. The Monster is  stirring a huge vat of boiling wax. Hearing the trap  door open, he looks up, sees Ralph and screams his  rage. Ralph passes CAMERA and starts downstairs toward  him.
81) 0) text: Ralph and the Monster having a furious struggle, the  Monster attempting to force the boy backward into one  of the vats of boiling wax.
83) 0) text: The Monster succeeds in striking Ralph over the head  with some heavy object. As Ralph sinks, stunned, to  the floor, the Monster dashes up the steps.
84) 11) text: We see Ralph, who has recovered, gather Charlotte in  his arms and whirl her so that his body would shield  her from a possible stray bullet. The Monster, who is  backing, still defiant, before the policeman, misses  his footing and, with an agonizing scream, whirls  downward into a vat of boiling wax. 
87) 0) text: Ralph is leading Charlotte, still hysterical, through  door.