3) 9) dialog: There must be crystal meth in those meatballs. MRS. KERRY, the teacher, calls over to the group of paren
3) 14) dialog: (incredulous) Emily? Please. I don’t think she knows it's Easter. She’s in the city 24/7.
3) 17) dialog: (baby voice, to his Lulu) Sona’s right, Lulu! You’d miss Daddy if he worked in the Big City, wouldn’t you? He fart-kisses her cheek, then her stomach. She laughs. 4. Stephanie’s in a quandary. She wonders whether to erase h name from DECORATIONS or SNACKS. Always the problem-solve Stephanie tries to come up with an equitable solution:
5) 1) text: DARREN, SONA, and STACY watch as STEPHANIE and EMILY run under the same umbrella as the boys race ahead, stomping puddles.
5) 5) dialog: You really think Emily has Tupperware?
5) 8) dialog: At least she'd be eating something. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 7 Stephanie’s VOLVO pulls in behind Emily’s vintage BMW. Stephanie gets out into the lingering drizzle and marvels the house: a MODERN DREAM of glass, steel and poured conc plunked in the midst of suburban Connecticut. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 8 Miles and Nicky tear upstairs. Stephanie slips off her we moccasins, revealing KITTY-CAT SOCKS.
12) 2) dialog: Stephanie, that’s so great you took the nanny job.
12) 4) dialog: For Emily. I know she was looking.
12) 6) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you guys were so close.
26) 0) text: THE UNFLATTERING PHOTO OF EMILY, copied to the point of blurriness, is STAPLED to a communi y bulletin board. Stephanie goes store to store in the small downtown area putting up fliers with the caption “HAVE YOU SEEN ME?” an otline number. Sean walks up and hands her a new stack. T exchange a sad smile. He’s grateful to her for all this. REVEAL Darren, Stacy and Sona watching from a Starbucks.
26) 1) dialog: Look at our little Stephanie, comforting the worried husband.
26) 3) dialog: Think of the optimism that _goes into making those fliers. It’s like they’re looking for a lost parrot.
26) 5) dialog: She's not coming back. Don’t you ever watch Dateline? If a case isn’t solved in the first 72 hours, they’re always dead. Sona looks sadly back at Stephanie, Sean standing nearby. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY 58
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.
33) 2) dialog: They are. From your “Last Minute Brownies” entry.
33) 4) dialog: Well, to be honest, I was making fun of you at first. But then there were some elpful tips in there - especially when Lulu had that rash. Apple Cider Vinegar. Who knew? Stephanie gives him a sad smile as Sona walks up.
33) 5) dialog: You're a saint to help out her family.
87) 64) text: Darren, Sona and Stacy are having a “Moms Night” at Darre house. They're playing Pictionary and smoking pot as Stephanie’s OLD VLOGS play in the background. Sona is tak a long drag as she draws something indecipherable.
87) 65) dialog: It’s a virus ... it’s a... it’s String Theory. Is it String theory? BLAM!!! The front door is splintered by a battering ram a SWAT TEAM storm in, guns drawn. The moms SCREAM.
87) 67) dialog: (hands up, wailing) I have a prescription! It’s for my sleep apnea! INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - BACK TO SCENE 187 Emily holds up a gun in one hand and, in the other -- THE the cops planted. The small mic cord’ has been severed.
87) 87) dialog: Toyota Prius. Silent but deadly. 116. Darren walks over to Emily, who is prone on the ground.
87) 88) dialog: Saw you on the vlog. You fuck with one of the moms, you fuck with all of us. Emily kicks him in the groin. As he doubles over, she tri to_get up but can’t. She crawls on the as halt as TWO POL CARS close in from the other direction, erry and blue lights flashing, reflected in her eyes. Emi ly accepts de
90) 1) text: UNDER THE END CREDITS, the BELL rings and all the kids po out of the school with their parents. Stephanie walks out with her boys -- Miles and Nicky -- who have bonded like brothers. Darren races up to Stephanie. Stephanie begins to sign her name onto EVERY SLOT of a SI UP SHEET when -
90) 2) dialog: Stephanie! We need your help! There’s been a terrible crime.
90) 4) dialog: Come with me, I have to show you. There’s a dead body in the schoolyard! (to Miles and Nicky) Boys’ I’m borrowing your Mom! Stephanie’s jaw drops as she follows Darren ...