20) 1) text: White marble and chromium steel. White leather banquettes black lacquer side tables. The name DENNIS NYLON in giant silver letters. Stephanie works up her nerve as she approaches the chic RECEPTIONIST answering phones on head
20) 14) dialog: We don’t accept unsolicited resumes.
20) 16) dialog: (looking her over) We most certainly do.
20) 18) dialog: Is that a vintage Chanel scarf?
20) 20) dialog: Were you trying to hang yourself with it? Look at this knot. Jesus. He comes forward to loosen the knot around her neck.
20) 22) dialog: What about Emily? What happened?
20) 24) dialog: (to Kiko) Why did Emily go to Miami?
20) 26) dialog: I’m sorry but if Emily hasn’t told us about something then we know not to ask.
20) 28) dialog: Yes, but do you see this skin? I’m 48 years— -old an that / s not botox, sweetie. That's sleep. T get plenty of it, thanks to Emil: Now, there’s something she’s not tel ing me, it could be Chernobyl for all I know, and bless her, she’ll put on her radiation suit and deal with it.
20) 31) dialog: You want advice? Never wear a Chanel scarf with a Gap T-shirt. If you were truly Emily’s friend, you’d know that. Have a nice day.
20) 34) dialog: Valerie, my office. Now. Dennis grabs Emily’s assistant VALERIE and pulls her urge toward his office, Diego in tow. Stephanie sees a sign ov the doorway to the cubicles area that reads “EMPLOYEES ON Stephanie looks torn. She’s never disobeyed a rule before She glances around nervously, considers, then takes a dee breath and darts secretly into the cubicles area.
23) 0) text: Stephanie peeks out the conference room, holding a long l of coffee orders. She sees Diego and Dennis still conferr in Dennis’ office. She ducks down so that she’s hidden by low cubicles and darts into ... INT. DENNIS NYLON HQ - EMILY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 54 Emily's office is immaculate, modern with no clutter. Her desk is a glass top on chromé legs. A small drawer unit s under it next to her minimalist desk chair. The wall in Emily’s office is glass and so Stephanie is completely exposed. She hunches down and duck-walks to th desk, staying below view of the workers in the cubicles. Stephanie tries to open the top drawer but it’s locked. T all are. She thinks, then pulls a hair pin out of her hai and tries to jimmy the lock in the top drawer with it. 55 41. She clearly has no idea how to pick a lock. After a beat, pin bends and springs out of her hand and lands out of re
24) 1) dialog: Forget gomething, Aunt Frieda? You’re not supposed to be back here, you know. Stephanie looks terrified, then suddenly changes tact. Sn
24) 3) dialog: I was just going to have him escort you out. Jesus Christ. You’re the one who trespassed, you know.
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.