46) 20) text: Stephanie picks up the painting, then notices the top of writing hidden by the frame e pops off the frame, revealing THE SIGNATURE OF THE ARTIST hidden under the matting: DIANA HYLAND. Stephanie gets a determined look. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - G.W. BRIDGE - DAY 121 Stephanie drives to the city. The PAINTING rides shotgun.
48) 0) text: DIANA (50s) is a punky, severe artist with plaster in her hair and a Sex Pistols T-Shirt. She studies the old portr as Stephanie’s eyes look around nervously. REVEAL there a paintings of knives everywhere. ALSO, REAL KNIVES OF ALL SHAPES AND SIZES FILL THE STUDIO. There’s bad energy in h
48) 1) dialog: Where on earth did you find it?
48) 3) dialog: My condolences. Who the fuck is Emily?
48) 5) dialog: Good. (off Stephanie’ s look) Her name wasn’t Emily. It was Claudia. Little cunt ruined my life. 77.
48) 7) dialog: She was just this beautiful sphinx, a uzzle I could never figure out. And that just made her more fucking compelling.
48) 9) dialog: She lured me in at a gallery show. I'd started to sell some paintings. First time in my career there was a buzz. And there she was ... like a muse. Shit, I fell so hard. I had to have her. As Diana talks, INTERCUT FLASHBACKS OF DIANA PAINTING A S NUDE EMILY IN HER STUDIO. Diana looks completely obsessed with Emily as Emily flirts back with her demurely.
48) 10) dialog: Suddenly, all I could paint was her. Every part of her. She just burrowed down into me, under my skin. See a montage of DIANA’S PAINTINGS OF EMILY’S BODY PARTS: eroticized FEET, HANDS, THE ARCH OF A LOWER BACK. As Dian paints, Emily smiles coyly and turns her face away.
48) 11) dialog: Except she never wanted me to show her face. Refused. My new paintings started getting bad reviews. Critics were writing me off as_ some shitty erotic artist. They said I’d lost my soul. An increasingly agitated Diana walks toward Stephanie, gesticulating with the knife at Stephanie as she speaks. Stephanie tries to play cool but backs up slowly.
48) 12) dialog: She stole it from me. She fucking stole my soul because she wouldn’t let me show hers. But I didn’t care. I gave her everything just to keep her happy, just to keep her here. But I could never reach her. She was like ...
48) 14) dialog: Right. A fucking expensive one. I paid her debts. I paid for her college.
48) 16) dialog: That's a weird fucking question. No, she had perfect teeth. Every part of her was perfect. Every fucking inch.
48) 18) dialog: Smack? Ha. No way. Too vain. She was just a pretty little grifter. And she had plans. The day after she graduated, she cusappeared wee (points to the painting) ong with that painting, the only one I ever did of her face. Tf was convinced it was the one that was going to put me back_on the map but then it was gone and I couldn’t recreate it. Not without her. I bottomed out. I wanted to kill her, to track her down and actually kill her. But the guilt of feeling that, well ... I almost_offed myself. Funny - that painting would be worth a lot more if I had. Maybe that was her plan. She was always looking for a big score. All she wanted was to be rich. stephanie takes this in, her mind racing. Diana stares at knife sadly.
48) 19) dialog: Now all I do is paint fucking knives. I don’t even know why - Nobody wants this shit except for biker bars and Satanists. Goddamned Claudia. She destroyed me. But I guess it’s my fault for always falling for the fucked up ones. I never learn. Diana looks at Stephanie and walks toward her, pointing t knife at her. She gets an obsessive look in her eyes.
48) 20) dialog: I could paint you. You look sweet. Fresh. Normal. Not fucked up. Like you’re some little saint.
48) 22) dialog: Embrace it. People love saints.
48) 24) dialog: How did Claudia die? 124 125 126 79.
48) 26) dialog: Bullshit. You don’t believe that, do you?
48) 28) dialog: She left this behind. I saved it. She said she had it since she was a kid. She pulls out a faded old T-SHIRT: “SQUAW LAKE BIBLE CAMP MICHIGAN, USA.” She tosses it to Stephanie.
48) 29) dialog: She’s a survivor. But if she wants to vanish, poof. She hits reset. only way you'll ever find her: FOLLOW THE MONEY. Off Stephanie’s look ...