4) 7) dialog: (to Nicky) Hello, little man.
4) 9) dialog: Don’t tell me you lost another jacket?
4) 11) dialog: Ask me what?
4) 13) dialog: Good for you. And I want an unlimited expense account. Neither event is happening. Let’s go.
4) 15) dialog: Nicky, stop. I’ve got a ton of work.
4) 17) dialog: Please just get in the car, sweetie.
4) 19) dialog: Do you drink? I need a martini.
4) 20) text: A martini. Wow. I haven’t had a martini in forever. Apple’s my favorite. Emily stares a beat, then pivots back to Nicky.
4) 21) dialog: Get in the car. No play date.
4) 24) dialog: Christ, he’s as stubborn as I am. I’m never gonna win this. (to Stephanie) Why don’t you come over for a non ple drink and they can play? I need back-up Miles and Nicky erupt into cheers, while Stephanie looks excited and nervous to be invited. She unconsciously fixe her hair and straightens her blouse.
5) 1) text: DARREN, SONA, and STACY watch as STEPHANIE and EMILY run under the same umbrella as the boys race ahead, stomping puddles.
5) 9) dialog: Cute socks.
5) 13) dialog: Used to dye my hair. I get bored easily.
5) 15) dialog: An_almost-famous painter from the East Village. My life is littered with Almost- Somebodies. I did some art modeling to pay my way through school. But the weirdo got obsessed with me. Like restraining order obsessed. Anyway y I stole the painting, hoping it'd be worth something someday. No such luck. Stephanie is still reeling from the story as Emily slips her heels and heads into a dream LIVING ROOM, decorated w a bold, eclectic mix of modern and vintage. Emily switche Sonos, which plays the 1960s French pop song “COMMENT TE ADIEU” by Francoise Hardy. Stephanie is in awe.
5) 17) dialog: It’s a fucking money pit.
5) 21) dialog: You should smash the oopsy jar. It might change your whole life.
5) 23) dialog: And stop saying you're sorry. It's a fucked“up female habit. Don’t be sorry for anything. Ever.
5) 25) dialog: It’s old French pop from the 60s. Makes me forget I’m stuck in this shithole town. I’1l make the drinks. Emily heads toward the kitchen. Stephanie looks to make s Emily is out of sight, then starts doing a little dance around the living room to the music as she looks at everything. She’s never been anywhere so “classy.”
5) 26) dialog: coming back in) You like olives or -- what are you doing?
5) 28) dialog: (shakes her head, amused) Jesus Christ. Come with me, Audrey Hepburn, before you hurt yourself. An embarrassed Stephanie follows Emily into the kitchen. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 9
5) 31) dialog: No. Sometimes Sean does, but I think it’s just an excuse to avoid writing. STEPHANIE . Your husband? He’s a writer? 10 11 Emily begins to mix a MARTINI at the built-in WET BAR.
5) 32) dialog: Was. Now he’s a bitter English professor at Connecticut College. He wrote a book ten years ago that made him the toast of New York. I€ opened every door in the city, It was non-stop, the dinners, the parties. All of Manhattan was like one ong line of cocaine. Stephanie forces a demure smile. EMILY (CONT’D I had to stalk him and force him to fall in love with me. Then ... nothing. One big anti-climax. He never finished another book. The old bait-and-switch.
5) 34) dialog: It was called Darkness at Dawn.
5) 36) dialog: You're divorced then?
5) 38) dialog: You mind if I ask how he died?
6) 3) dialog: How awful. I’m so sorry.
6) 5) dialog: You're kidding.
6) 7) dialog: I can usually. stomach sad stories. For some reason that one got to me.
6) 9) dialog: Lady, I’m going to slap the “sorry” right out of you if you apologize again.
6) 11) dialog: So, are you dating anyone?
6) 13) dialog: You’re an hour and a half from the city.
6) 15) dialog: You're too young and cute to give up.
6) 17) dialog: Sean barely makes a dime. I have to pay for everything. And he spends like he’s still the man of the hour. We’re upside down on this house, too. (MORE )
6) 19) dialog: Bought it during the bubble and we can’t sel People hate modern around here.
6) 21) dialog: Well, cheers, then. Here’s to being “House Poor.” Clink! Stephanie eyes Emily’s BARBED WIRE TATTOO BRACELET
6) 22) dialog: Yeah, there’s another one of my bad decisions. I got that when I was too young and stupid to know better.
6) 24) dialog: This? It’s a family heirloom. Belonged to Sean's “great_grandmum,” then his “mum.” She insisted I have it. In the next room, the front door is unlocked and opened.
6) 25) dialog: Speak of the devil ... A MALE VOICE with a British accent calls out:
6) 29) dialog: I’m so sorry. Did I cut into your writing time?
6) 31) dialog: (a playful smile back) What’s the point? I’ve heard the pen is mightier. Maybe try it some time. Sean looks stung but covers with a laugh as Bmily moves i and loops her arms around his neck, kissing him ceply- Stephanie lingers watching them a moment too long, her li parted. Emily ends the kiss and gestures to Stephanie.
6) 32) dialog: Babe, this is Stephanie. Her son goes to Warfield with Nicky.
6) 37) dialog: (shakes head; laughs) Jesus, you should have married Sean. (to Sean) Want me to mix you a drink?
6) 39) dialog: He’s terrible with names.
6) 41) dialog: Lotta good that does us. I never thought anything would go this way. The job in the city, the house in the suburbs - 13.
6) 43) dialog: This isn’t juggling. This is a nightmare. We're on the verge of bankruptcy. I never sleep, I eat seven-hundred calories a day - and I can’t find a decent nanny in all of Connecticut.
6) 45) dialog: You'd do that for me? I’m practically a stranger. I’m never at the school.
6) 48) dialog: That’s very resourceful.
6) 51) dialog: Let him stay. I’1l have Sean drive him home later. That way you can go do your t vlog in a nice quie ouse.
6) 54) dialog: No sweat. I’m sure I'll be calling you for a favor any day. You owe me now. Emily flashes her megawatt smile and pours another drink. Stephanie beams, dazzled by her. A_ COMPUTER WINDOW POPS UP (STEPHANIE’S VLOG) - KITCHEN 1
7) 1) text: There's a new spring in Stephanie’s step as she gets out her VOLVO with a box of CANNED GOODS marked MATH: Mothers Assisting The Homeless. As she trundles the heavy load, h CELL PHONE rings. She gtimpses the call screen - EMILY - she drops the box, sending cans rolling around the lot.
7) 5) dialog: I have no idea. Thanks!
8) 0) text: In her “Yearbook Mom” photo vest and camera, Stephanie ch Miles and Nicky around the jungle gym with a_roar and fin claws -- a game of “Darth Mommy” that Miles loves. She’s with them, making them squeal and dart away from her. Emily pulls up in her car and walks toward the park, stil a work call and exuding irritation.
8) 3) dialog: Don’t do that.
8) 5) dialog: Don’t denigrate your good parenting to comfort me for my shitty parenting.
8) 7) dialog: No, you don’t. You pack nori rolls for lune If I even remember the lunch box, it’s a miracle. The nicest thing I could do for Nicky is blow my brains out. (off Stephanie’s horror) I have a dark sense of humor.
8) 9) dialog: (sharply) What did you just do? 15 16.
8) 11) dialog: Erase it.
8) 13) dialog: If that shows up on your vlog --
8) 15) dialog: Erase it now or I'll slap an injunction on the whole fucking yearbook. Shaking, Stephanie erases the photo from her digital disp showing Emily the last pictures of a cooking project.
8) 17) dialog: Good. Don’t do that shit again.
8) 19) dialog: You don’t want to be friends with me. Trust me. You’re a real human being. Stephanie can’t tell if Emily means to forgive her with t comment - but she takes it with a bashful smile.
8) 20) dialog: Let’s grab the kids and get the hell out of here. I need a drink. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 15
8) 22) dialog: It’s very sweet. Emily regards the CHEVRON PATTERN. Then she pours gin int shaker to finish the martinis. Stephanie watches in awe. 16 17.
8) 24) dialog: God, you're such a nerd, I hope it’s not contagious. They'd make me quit my job. Stephanie daughs . but we see she wishes she was cooler. pours . one martini from the shaker. It’s cloudy with ice loating in it. Emily stares at it a beat, then:
8) 25) dialog: Fuck this. I need a real martini.
8) 27) dialog: Too watered-down. When Sean and I were in London, we had the real thing at Dukes Hotel. Sometimes you just need something with a kick to reset your brain. (making the martini) Frozen gin, frozen glass. Pour in a small bit of vermouth, swirl it and dump it. Then add the gin and squeeze a twist over the top. Pure booze, no ice, strong as hell. Gotta work your way up to it, though. No amateurs allowed. Emily hands Stephanie the watered-down martini, then pick her strong martini and clinks with Stephanie.
8) 28) dialog: Alessandro the bartender has a saying at Dukes. “One’s not enough, three’s too many, two’s just right. Just like tits.”
8) 31) text: Stephanie and Emily sit on the couch as a fire blazes in fireplace. A FRENCH 60'S POP SONG PLAYS. Stephanie is cle wasted. She takes another drink, smacking her lips. 18.
8) 34) dialog: Oh, really ...? Are you baiting me?
8) 36) dialog: She had a way with words. Okay, Dark Side. Let’s trade confessions. Tell me the wildest thing you’ve ever done.
8) 38) dialog: (thinks a moment) Well, I can think of a pretty recent one. Sean and I had his TA over about six months ago. We drank too much and had a threesome. Stephanie’s jaw slackens. She covers her open mouth.
8) 40) dialog: Who says it was a him? Stephanie digests this info. Nods, trying to stay cool. S does a bad job. Emily grins, amused by the effort.
8) 41) dialog: I didn’t mean to freak you out.
8) 43) dialog: I just know you’re not exactly a sexual maverick. Nothing wrong with that. Prudes are people, too. Emily winks. Stephanie absorbs the insult, smarting.
8) 44) dialog: But now I really want to hear your dirty little secret. Spill it. Stephanie downs the rest of her drink, nearly swallowing lemon twist. She takes a breath, then ... STEPHANIE oo, My father died when I was a senior in High School ...
9) 8) text: Turns out ... he was my half-brother. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - BACK TO PRESENT 20
9) 9) dialog: Hold on. This is your deep dark secret? That your dad had an affair?
9) 11) dialog: Necessary prologue. Got it. Keep going, Dark Side.
10) 4) text: Stephanie stares into space. Emily snaps her fingers in f of Stephanie’s eyes.
10) 5) dialog: Hello? Keep going! You’re not allowed to be too drunk in my house not to finish a juicy story.
10) 7) dialog: You stood there for the longest time, you didn’t know how to say goodbye. I’m waiting for the big ending here. Stephanie can’t tell the truth. But she’s cornered. Then 21.
10) 9) dialog: So that’s your whole story? You kissed your brother? Once?
10) 11) dialog: There’s more.
10) 13) dialog: You started that story, then hit the eject button. I saw it happen.
10) 15) dialog: You fucked him.
10) 18) dialog: Swear on your father’s grave. Stephanie pauses. Stephanie
10) 19) dialog: Ha! You’re a brother fucker!
10) 21) dialog: You crack me up. Do you and Miles want to join us for dinner?
10) 23) dialog: Great. You're cooking, Dark Side. Stephanie gives her a look, then they share a genuine lau Stephanie absorbs it: they really are becoming friends.
11) 2) dialog: Stephanie, thank God you picked up. I have a little emergency --
11) 5) dialog: I'm fine, but I need a simple favor, Can you grab Nicky from school? Sean’s in London, his mother broke her fucking hip, and I got a big fire to put out at work.
11) 7) dialog: You're the best. I gotta run but I’1l get you back for this.
11) 9) dialog: You're a great friend, Stephanie. A true friend. I really mean that. OFF STEPHANIE, beaming --
13) 13) text: Stephanie dials Emily. She gets her VOICEMAIL.
13) 14) dialog: “Hi, this is Emily Nelson, Director of Public Relations Yor Dennis Nylon Holdings. Leave a message here or at the New York office at 212-555-6361.” BEEP. Stephanie opens her mouth to speak, but hesitates. she dives in, she’s now even more sugar-coated than befor
13) 29) text: Stephanie makes two kids’ lunches for the next day in silence. 32 33 26. She mashes avocados and nori on whole grain bread, then c the sandwiches in half. She texts Emily: “Made lunch for Nicky. Text me to say you’re ok. Worried about u.” She hits SEND. Waits a beat. No response. She finds a bot of WHITE ZINFANDEL in the back of the fridge, half empty. unscrews the screw cap and sniffs it. Still good? Maybe. pours herself a glass. She steals a cookie from under Saran Wrap. She nibbles a bit of it, washing it down with wine. She slips the cooki back, looking guilty. Looks at her phone. Nothing from Em
14) 1) text: PUSH IN ON the PARKED VOLVO as Stephanie tries to get a h of Emily at work. She speaks slowly and with a forced cal
20) 6) dialog: Emily’s not in today.
21) 0) text: Stephanie pauses in the doorway. She sees an INTERN pulli RACK OF GARMENT BAGS along the aisle that leads to Emily’ office. She darts behind the rack, moving stealthily. 52 53 54 40. She nods hello to the intern, trying to fit _in while wat through the tops of the hangers as Dennis, Diego and Vale enter Dennis’ glass walled office and close the door. Stephanie sees them talking intensely through the glass b can’t hear what they’ re saying as she approaches Emily’s office. But Dennis looks quite agitated. Diego listens, c Suddenly, THE RACK TAKES A SHARP TURN, EXPOSING STEPHANIE just as Diego turns and is about to see her. She quickly darts through a door next to her, closing it behind her.
23) 0) text: Stephanie peeks out the conference room, holding a long l of coffee orders. She sees Diego and Dennis still conferr in Dennis’ office. She ducks down so that she’s hidden by low cubicles and darts into ... INT. DENNIS NYLON HQ - EMILY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 54 Emily's office is immaculate, modern with no clutter. Her desk is a glass top on chromé legs. A small drawer unit s under it next to her minimalist desk chair. The wall in Emily’s office is glass and so Stephanie is completely exposed. She hunches down and duck-walks to th desk, staying below view of the workers in the cubicles. Stephanie tries to open the top drawer but it’s locked. T all are. She thinks, then pulls a hair pin out of her hai and tries to jimmy the lock in the top drawer with it. 55 41. She clearly has no idea how to pick a lock. After a beat, pin bends and springs out of her hand and lands out of re
25) 0) text: Stephanie slips into the elevator, then pulls out the let It’s an UNFLATTERING CANDID PICTURE OF EMILY, dressed in big army coat, her face drawn, hair unwashed. Underneath written in bold pen: “GOTTA HAVE FAITH.”
26) 0) text: THE UNFLATTERING PHOTO OF EMILY, copied to the point of blurriness, is STAPLED to a communi y bulletin board. Stephanie goes store to store in the small downtown area putting up fliers with the caption “HAVE YOU SEEN ME?” an otline number. Sean walks up and hands her a new stack. T exchange a sad smile. He’s grateful to her for all this. REVEAL Darren, Stacy and Sona watching from a Starbucks.
30) 1) text: CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATORS tag and bag various personal it strewn about a cabin lined with rusty bunk beds. STEPHANIE (V.O. Special thanks to Leanne Dippens, whose helpful tip led to a major break in the case. A GLOVED CSI HAND empties Emily’s handbag of its contents
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.
35) 1) text: Sean hurls her on the bed and climbs on top of her. As sh reaches down to unbuckle his belt, he grabs her wrists an pins them to the bed. She VISUALIZES -- SEAN PINNING EMILY’S WRISTS TO THE BED THE EXACT SAME WAY Stephanie tries to shake off the image as he kisses down body to between her legs. She writhes in brutal ecstasy a goes down on her, pinning her hands down.
38) 0) text: A beautiful morning in Warfield. The FLIERS OF EMILY, tor and weathered, flapping sadly in the wake of passing cars INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 84
38) 1) text: Stephanie stands in the center of Emily’s living room, ta it all in. It’s impressive. She sees the Sonos remote. Sh runs her finger along it remembering Emily. Then she push the “on” button. A 60s FRENCH POP SONG begins to play. Emily listens sadly, then starts to enjoy the son She doe a little turn and ends up face to face with THE NI DE PAI OF EMILY, which stares back at her. Looking caught, Steph thinks for a second, then takes down the painting. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 85
38) 2) text: Sunlight pours into the ultra hip modern bedroom as the FRENCH POP SONG continues playing from the ceiling speake Stephanie slips off her worn moccasins and tiptoes, carry the painting to - EMILY’S CLOSET Stephanie looks with some trepidation at the array of sli designer clothes. Then, with a look of determination, she stops in for the first time as if into a tomb, She rests PAINTING against the wall. She’s so cautious it’s as if s certain it’s haunted. She pivots and she’s face to face w - a Dolce & Gabbana fitted silk dress. She holds it up to herself in the mirror. She can’t belie she's doing this. She pauses, reverent, respectful. But suddenly, excitement gets the better of her and she strip down to her bra and panties, unzips the dress, and steps it. She tries to tug up the zipper but she can’t get it u Frustrated, she yanks the zipper up by force. She studies her reflection in the mirror, jiking what she sees. She stands on tiptoe, simulating high heels 86 57. Stephanie moves to the closet where the designer shoes ar kept in their boxes: Prada, Jimmy Choo, YSL. She makes an Emily face and strikes poses in the mirror in time with t French song.
39) 1) text: A YOUNGER STEPHANIE opens the door to TWO POLICEMAN with grave expressions. Without sound, they begin telling her about the accident with her husband and brother. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY - BACK TO PRESENT 88
39) 14) text: With kitchen shears, Stephanie cuts the Dolce dress up th front and rips it off herself like Hulk. RRRIIIIIP!!! INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - HOME OFFICE - DAY 90 Stephanie goes ; through drawers, searching through Emily files and receipts, finding nothing much of interest. Pul out a large manila envelop that’s already been opened fro pile. Written on the envelope is “EM - CAN YOU SIGN THESE INSURANCE GUY NEEDS THEM ASAP - THANKS! S.” She looks ins the envelope but it’s empty. She looks a bit freaked. FROM OUTSIDE, WE SEE STEPHANIE THROUGH THE OFFICE WINDOW. THIS SOMEONE’S POV OR NOT? WE ARE UNSURE. 91 92 93 61. Stephanie stares at the writing on the envelope, thinking Suddenly, BANG! Stephanie GASPS as something hits the win Heart pounding, she stands and looks out the window. STEPHANIE’S POV: A BIRD is on the ground, dazed from hitt the window. It flops around a bit, recovers and flies off Stephanie catches her breath, recovering from the shock. she looks at the writing on the envelope again, puts it b in the pile and heads for the door.
41) 1) text: As Stephanie rounds the corner, she sees Sean with a very attractive FEMALE T.A -- cool clothes, highlighted blonde hair. A younger version of Emily. Sean and the girl walk deep in flirty conversation. The girl laughs at a joke he makes and then touches his arm gently. They hug. Stephanie watches with a pit in her stomach. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY 93
41) 28) text: Preoccupied, Stephanie checks the pockets of the boys’ clothes before she throws them into the washer. She pause Nicky’s school clothes. Smells them. Emily’s perfume agai Then she turns inside-out the pockets from NICKY’S CORDUR to find: THE CHEVRON FRIENDSHIP BRACELET. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DUSK 97
41) 29) text: As Stephanie heads through the EXPOSED GLASS ROOMS, she g nervous in the fishbowl. 98 99 64. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DUSK 98 For just a brief moment, we WATCH STEPHANIE from outside glass house, froma distant, anonymous POV. Stephanie seem to sense someone behind the glass. She turns off the ligh INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DUSK 99 Stephanie heads into the room. She pauses at the window f moment. Sean comes up behind her and pulls her close.
42) 1) dialog: Guess what I found? Emily reaches in her purse and pulls out the SAPPHIRE AND DIAMOND RING, showing it to him.
42) 3) dialog: Oh, Mum’s not getting this. She’1l take it to the grave. What a waste.
42) 5) dialog: Not joking, my darling. I took it and I have no intention of giving it back.
42) 7) dialog: if you tell your mother that I found it, tell her I stole it. What do you think will be worse for her? Thinking she lost her ring or knowing that her son married a thief? Sean is stunned by her cold cruelty. Emily slips off her modest ENGAGEMENT RING and dons Sean’s mother’s antique.
42) 8) dialog: Meet me in the bathroom in twenty seconds. Knock twice. Emily gets up and disappears up the aisle into the BATHRO STALL, shutting the door. Sean stares after her, his worl spinning on its axis. He married a monster. He makes a decision, gets up and heads to the bathroom do Knocks twice. The door opens. He disappears inside.
43) 0) text: We watch Emily and Sean’s faces as they make love in the tight quarters. Sean stares at her as she stares back at intensely, passionately. The theft was her aphrodisiac.
43) 36) dialog: You like the photo? You should be more careful what you leave behind when you try to sell a little gingerbread house.
43) 38) dialog: I’m just calling to say Thank you for all that “nutritious food for Nicky,” you Martha Steward wannabe. Oh, you’re just squeaky clean, aren’t you? You’re not fooling me. You fucked your brother, Stephanie. I bet Miles isn’t even your husband's kid. I thought I was warped, but you have me beat by a landslide. And what is this fetish with you? Fuckin guys after funerals? Sick stuff, Dar ide.
43) 40) dialog: Put up your hand. Don’t tell me how many fingers you’re holding up. Stephanie makes the peace sign in the air.
43) 41) dialog: Two. Peace out. Stephanie flinches. She moves to the window and squints o at the woods.
43) 42) dialog: Uh, uh, uh ... no cheating.
43) 44) dialog: How do you know it’s just me doing it? Stephanie freezes when she hears this.
43) 46) dialog: Kiss Sean for me. Four million times. CLICK. The line goes dead. Stephanie can barely breathe. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - DAY 112
44) 24) dialog: Poor Stephanie. You just need someone to love you ... 116 INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
44) 25) text: The fireplace is blazing. Emily and Stephanie nurse marti Half-drunk, watching the fire.
44) 28) dialog: Why are you such a masochist? You could have a man in your bed any time you want.
44) 30) dialog: How? What the hell does that mean? Stephanie instantly regrets letting that slip. Emily sees this is something deeper. She softens.
44) 31) dialog: Tell me --
44) 33) dialog: I’m your best friend. If you can’t tell me, you can’t tell anyone.
46) 11) dialog: Sometimes people do terrible things. For their own crazy reasons. That’s on them.
46) 13) dialog: Which one?
46) 15) dialog: Wanna order a pizza?
46) 17) dialog: Oh, Jesus, don’t be. Not like I haven’t kissed a girl before. Stephanie rises, disoriented and hunts for her shoes. 120 121 122 123 76.
46) 19) dialog: Take a taxi. You’re too drunk to drive, lightweight. INT. EMILY’S CLOSET - BACK TO PRESENT 120
52) 0) text: The owners of the cam MARYANNE and BOBBY CHELKOWSKY, both 40s, upbeat and out o " shape in their Squaw Lake Bible C attire, stroll alongside Stephanie through the campground toward the lake where Emily’s body was found.
53) 0) text: An overhead bare bulb illuminates the musty basement. Cob and dust coat everythin Stephanie sifts through a box of old books. She pulis out a stack of “SQUAW LAKE BIBLE CAM YEARBOOKS,” scanning to SUMMER 2000. Stephanie flips through book after book. Not quite sure w she’s looking for, studying the young faces. Finally a SINGLE IMAGE grabs her: TWO IDENTICAL TWIN GIRL (AGE 9), their arms around each other. They’re lean, fair blue-eyed. There’s a vague resemblance to Emily. Could it Suddenly the names grab Stephanie: HOPE AND FAITH MCLENNA
61) 7) dialog: You crazy bitch.
61) 9) dialog: No, no, no, no, no...
61) 11) dialog: Motherfucker.
61) 13) dialog: Mother. Fucker. 143 INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 143 Stephanie unlocks the door and enters.
62) 3) dialog: We spent every anniversary here, you dumbshit. How could you not put it together? You’ve got “Mommy brain” now?
62) 5) dialog: I have four million reasons.
62) 7) dialog: I did this for Nicky. I hated that job: I never got to See him. And you clearly only had one book in you. We couldn’t exactly live off the faculty buffet the rest of our lives. I was going to buy us our freedom and . it would have worked perfectly ... ae con just hadn’t shacked up with Miss Zuce ini fucking Cookie. Sean has to look down into his plate. He’s dizzy.
62) 10) dialog: That’s how you grieve? Balls deep in my “best friend?” That’s some renegade therapy. 93.
62) 12) dialog: Oh, she’s been good to Nicky? That’s what drew you to her, her extraordinary mothering. You're all just little horny boys, aren’t you?
62) 14) dialog: Except pon can’t keep a secret. Even in the dar you almost ruined everything. I was just gonna lay low until the insurance money came through.
62) 16) dialog: I missed Nicky. He’s my little man. (reclaiming her iciness) Anyway, the clock is ticking. Nancy Drew knows too much and if she fucks up that insurance money y then I’m taking you down with me. Don’t forget, Sean, this was all your plan.
62) 18) dialog: Do you love her? He sees the madness in her eyes. He says the only thing h can to maintain the peace:
62) 20) dialog: Did you think of me while you were fucking her?
62) 22) dialog: Do you love me or not, Sean? 148
62) 25) dialog: That’s just an appetizer, baby. She rises, coolly slipping the gun back in her purse, the bends down and kisses
62) 26) dialog: Meet me in the bathroom in twenty seconds for the main course. Knock twice. She heads off. Sean can’t believe what just happened. He stares down the long dark hallway to the LADIES ROOM door his chest rising in panic. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 148 A preoccupied Sean enters the house, looking shell-shocke
63) 0) text: Blue skies, green grass and headstones as far as the eye see. Stephanie stands at Emily’s geave site. Opens a smal cooler and takes out a silver” shaker and two frozen glas
63) 2) dialog: Sean must have picked the font on the headstone. He loves Helvetica.
63) 4) dialog: Nice big twist. I taught you well.
63) 6) dialog: Whatever you need to tell yourself. Emily goes to take a drink, then pauses. She switches gla - and indicates that Stephanie should drink first.
63) 7) dialog: I never know what surprises you have up these new empowered sleeves of yours, Dark Side. Let’s hope you haven’t build up a tolerance to something.
63) 9) dialog: You want another?
63) 11) dialog: Oh, are we airing dirty laundry? Like your son’s real father?
63) 13) dialog: We were triplets. Faith, Hope, and Charity. But Charity was stillborn. M mother used to say that Faith and I offed her in the womb. And dad believed her.
63) 15) dialog: You met my mother?
65) 0) text: Emily is staring back. STEPHANIE (V.O rd. You were sixteen years ol It’s that age when you feel trapped. EXT. LAKE’S EDGE - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 153 A bonfire burns in the middle of a field. Teens hang out drink, dance, make out. Faith makes out with a CUTE BOY. watches them’ kiss with a mix of envy and_concern ... unt she sees her FATHER’S CAR rolling downhill toward them.
68) 0) text: This time Emily is seduced by Stephanie. There’s warmth a forgiveness in Stephanie’s voice, which prompts Emily to against her own headstone, pouring herself a second marti
68) 2) dialog: We couldn’t stay together after the fire.
69) 1) dialog: We were a freakshow wherever we went.
70) 1) dialog: We said goodbye with tattoos ...
71) 1) dialog: --. and parted | wa s in Corpus Christi. She was gging to ead to Mexico. I was going to drift north. We had a time and place to meet in six months, when the smoke cleared.
72) 2) dialog: I bought a one-way ticket to New York City and I never looked back.
72) 4) dialog: For a while. But you get used to pain. You use it. Besides, Faith would only get me in trouble again. She always did. Sometimes I_ think my mother was right about her. But then my life in New York fell_into place perfectly. People took me in. I got a job, worked my way up, met the perfect man. That part you know. She shoots Stephanie a deadly look.
72) 6) dialog: Damn Facebook. I could kill that Mark Zuckerberg. Sure, it’s all baby pictures and protest marches until I got fingered.
72) 8) dialog: Bunk Six. Our happy place.
73) 1) text: Emily heads down the dirt path to GIRLS BUNK SIX. She bra herself then opens the door to ...
74) 2) dialog: It was like looking in the mirror ... and seeing the life I could have had. The life I fought not to have. Faith moves toward Emily and hugs her. Behind her shoulde Emily gags at the smell of her sister and chokes back tea
74) 4) dialog: No.
75) 0) text: Emily stands in silence. Stephanie has got her now, like perfect den motherly prosecutor, slowly reeling her in.
75) 2) dialog: Fuck you. That was her idea. I didn’t kill my sister. 164 101.
76) 1) text: Emily watches with dread and fascination as Faith drops a syringe. Her arm goes limp and her eyes become gassy. Faith’s head tips back as the warm rush climbs her body. smiles at Emily, revealing her broken front tooth.
76) 3) dialog: What are you up to, Faith?
76) 5) dialog: I have a family now.
76) 7) dialog: What do you want from me?
76) 9) dialog: Where the hell would I get that?
76) 11) dialog: Maybe I owe you this much for abandoning you. Okay. I’11l sell the house. Emily softens, fighting tears. This may well be an act, b if so, it’s a damn good one ...
76) 14) dialog: I’m right behind you. 102.
77) 1) text: Emily makes her way through the woods to follow Faith, wh bare flesh flashes through the trees.
78) 0) text: Faith wades into the water then submerges under its icy surface. Emily peels off her dress down to her bra and underwear. She wades into the water with a gasp, her jaw clenched against the cold. Faith surfaces and treads wate
78) 2) dialog: (muttering) I am the Alpha, goddammit. Emily dives into the water, then swims out_to where Faith They tread water, face to face in the moonlight. Faith’s expression shifts. She’s childlike, vulnerable.
78) 4) dialog: I know. I’m sorry. We were. Emily takes her sister's shoulders to hug her ...
78) 5) text: It’s just ... things have changed. She shoves Faith under the water. Faith struggles and splashes to the surface, but Emily shoves her down again. struggle persists. Emily is athletic and strong. Her will murder is stronger than Faith’s will to live. Finally the struggle stops. Faith goes limp and floats. E holds her sister in her arms. A tender moment. Emily glan at her own hand, the sapphire and diamond engagement RING She pulls the ring off her finger and wrestles it onto Faith’s lifeless finger, forcing it on.
79) 0) text: A few real tears roll down Emily's cheeks.
79) 1) dialog: I woke up the next morning and she wasn’t there. I couldn’t find her anywhere. Finally I remembered how much she loved swimming in the lake. So I went there. I was too late ... Now Stephanie reads Emily the same way Emily once read he 103.
79) 3) dialog: Well, you’re a brother fucker.
79) 5) dialog: Everything. Stephanie is stung by this. Emily sees her chance.
79) 6) dialog: He told me to disappear until the money came through. Said we could finally get out of debt, sell the house, leave the gountry. start over, that I could quit my s job an pend more time with Nicky. STEPHANIE . I don’t believe you. Sean grieved for you.
79) 7) dialog: All an act.
79) 9) dialog: Did Sean say that? Emily takes out her cell phone, plays an AUDIO CLIP.
79) 10) dialog: Do you love her?
79) 12) dialog: Did you think of me while you were fucking her?
79) 14) dialog: Do you love me or not, Sean?
79) 16) dialog: Sorry, Steph. I know you thought it was real. But let’s look on the bright side. Your web site went viral thanks to me. Now you can sell those ad banners. 104.
79) 18) dialog: Yeah, a little four million. Sean convinced me we could pull it off. M sister didn’t exist anymore. DNA would take care of the rest. All I had to do was_ lay low for six months so he could collect the money, sell the house, tie up loose ends.
79) 20) dialog: Sean needed some help looking after Nick And you're so good with them. Dart. “Mommy. The entire tone has changed. It’s like a chess match and Emily seems to have regained an advantage.
79) 22) dialog: Look, I may be a working mother ... but that doesn’t make me any less a mom. (grimacing) Every time you yiosged about how much Nick cried or how he hated quinoa, couldn’t take it. It was like a hostage standoff. I had to see him again. To fet him know that I was coming back. He’s my heart and soul, Stephanie, my everything. It doesn’t matter how good your brownies are, he’s my son. This has an effect on Stephanie and she blinks away tears
79) 24) dialog: I want my son. Period. You fucked up the insurance mone) and_the authorities won't stop loo: ing. I don’t even give a shit anymore: take Sean.
79) 26) dialog: Then there’s one other option, one mom to another. Emily reaches out her glass to toast. Stephanie clinks he glass into her friend’s. OFF STEPHANIE, curious -- 170 171 172 105. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 168
79) 29) text: She logs onto the Connecticut College website. She types Sean’s email into user slot: stownsend@conncollege. com, enters the password. Waits. She’s in. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 170 Stephanie plants _a DOCUMENT in the glove compartment of Sean’s car and closes it. She’s wearing Emily’s leather gloves. Stephanie quietly closes the door and_ clicks the on the key fob. She tiptoes into the house, closing the d
82) 0) text: Emily comes out of her room and walks breezily past the various doors of a seedy motel. A HANDYMAN is installing air conditioning unit into a room’s window, his open tool on the ground next to him.
83) 1) text: Emily walks around the back of the motel, casually flippi the wrench in her hand. She stops, takes a breath and ips the wrench high in the air. She puts her hands behind her back and calmly lines herself up under the falling wrench
84) 1) text: Emily walks into the Warfield Police Station, her eye and cheek bruised and bloodied. Tears rolling down her cheeks She approaches the POLICE OFFICER manning the desk.
84) 2) dialog: My name is Emily Nelson. I need to speak to someone.
85) 1) text: Emily talks to Detective Meany. She’s convincing, emotion wiping away tears as she tells her story. Meany takes not
87) 3) text: FOOTAGE OF EMILY, still bruised and bandaged, addressing slew of reporters outside the police station.
87) 9) dialog: Guess again. Sean takes her in, spooked.
87) 11) dialog: At a friend’s watching a movie. I thought we needed some mommy and daddy time. She hands_him his martini and leans in to kiss his lips. kiss chills him to the bone. She’s hurt: he’s no longer entirely under her spell.
87) 12) dialog: Have you forgotten me that quickly?
87) 15) dialog: I don’t need to poison you, Sean. If I wanted to get rid of you, you'd already be dead.
87) 17) dialog: Not just me. I had help. From a woman who volunteers for everything.
87) 19) dialog: Not as sweet as her cookies, is she?
87) 22) dialog: Mmmm. Labels. Yawn. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - SIDE YARD - DAY 183 Stephanie stands in the dark yard, watching Emily and Sea confer in the kitchen. Their exchange is quiet, tense, contained. She can’t make it out. Her eyes well up with a tears. She has Emily’s lady pistol in her hand.
87) 27) dialog: Stephanie?
87) 34) dialog: Whoa, Stephanie ... take it down a notch.
87) 36) dialog: Oh, I hate those.
87) 39) dialog: I agree. Let’s just sit down and talk this out.
87) 42) dialog: You were. I didn’t expect it ... but I loved you. Then you fucked my husband and all of” my best plans.
87) 44) dialog: We could have been rich, Sean.
87) 46) dialog: Oh, you haven’t come up with a decent plot in ten years.
87) 49) dialog: Stephanie.
87) 56) dialog: Get up. Stephanie slowly rises to her feet.
87) 57) dialog: You too, DiCaprio. Sean lies limp, eyes closed. Dead. Emily kicks him in the gut. Sean clenches and groans. 113.
87) 58) dialog: Get up! Show’s over. Sean gets up and stands with Stephanie. They both know they're screwed. Emily grins. EMILY (CONT’D) That was almost brilliant, Stephanie. Almost. So, the cops planted a mic somewhere in here. You shoot him with a blank. Fake blood. Nice cinematic touch. I confess everything. You really almost had me. I knew there was so much more to you, Stephanie. You’ve got real panache. Spattered with fake blood all over her blouse, Stephanie looks genuinely touched. Another misplaced moment of bond
87) 61) dialog: No, no, no, don’t try that. You had me just a little buzzed from this ... but you're still a standard martini, Stephanie. You’re not the standard-bearer from Dukes. Stephanie stares back, confused. Suddenly, Emily does a perfect imitation of Stephanie’ Ss voice.
87) 62) dialog: (as Stephanie) “HL Cops, Stephanie here! Change of plans. I’m meeting Emily and Sean at Darren’s house now. Hurry!”
87) 68) dialog: I’ve lived on the run for over a decade: you don’t think I know how to manipulate the authorities?
87) 70) dialog: A murder-suicide seems like the only fitting end for you two. And I believe our insurance will still pay for that. One door closes, another door opens.
87) 73) dialog: I’m crazy. You said so yourself. Emily aims the gun at Stephanie, who stares her down.
87) 75) dialog: (cocking the gan) The hell I won’t. 1 have to add this to my list. A father, a sister ... and now my dear best friend. Stephanie can’t help but get sentimental, even in danger.
87) 77) dialog: I’m not just saying that.
87) 79) dialog: Tell me about it. Imagine when you have a full-time job? 115.
87) 83) dialog: Oh, goddammit ... SIRENS rise up in the background. Then Emily bolts from t kitchen, gun in hand. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 188 Emily bolts through the living room, then out the front d EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 189 Emily sprints across the lawn toward her car across the street. SIRENS approach.
87) 86) dialog: He may be better off without any mom. Emily aims the gun at Stephanie, who GASPS. Emily starts pull the trigger when ... BLAM!!! SHE FLIPS IN THE AIR, H FULL ON BY A SPEEDING PRIUS. Her gun goes flying. Darren gets out of the car heroically.
88) 0) text: Boss’ “I DON'T GIVE A FUCK” blasts on_a boombox. We‘re in yard of a women’s prison in Niantic, CT. Various cliques women engaged in different activities and conversations. the basketball court, there’s a seriously competitive and throat pick-up game going down. Right in the mix is -- EMILY. Racing up and down the court like a pro. Stealing ball. Sweaty, athletic, take no prisoners. She looks fabu in her orange jumpsuit with a more natural beauty. No mak up. hair in a messy ponytail, more herself than ever befo e swishes the ball in the hoop and high fives her TEAMMAT with a grin. A GUARD comes out.
89) 1) text: Emily walks in to see Stephanie and Nicky at a table. Nic races toward her. She scoops him up in her arms and hugs so tightly he groans.
89) 3) dialog: You're growing so fast. Nicky pulls his lower lip down to show off his missing te
89) 4) dialog: And you lost another one!
89) 6) dialog: Well, that was nice of her.
89) 8) dialog: You're getting too smart for me. She joins Stephanie at the table, Nicky on her lap. Steph pushes a plate of cookies wrapped in saran across to her.
89) 10) dialog: Good. They go a long way in here.
89) 16) dialog: Inez Montoya. She used to be the guy’s housekeeper before she got nabbed for wire fraud. She says he hides cash, lots of it, in a toolbox in the garage. 194 118.
89) 18) dialog: You keep bringing the supplies, I’1l keep doling out the info. ’ They share a smile. Emily takes a bite of a cookie. Frown
89) 19) dialog: Do me a favor, Dark Side. Next time, use real sugar.