25) 0) text: Stephanie slips into the elevator, then pulls out the let It’s an UNFLATTERING CANDID PICTURE OF EMILY, dressed in big army coat, her face drawn, hair unwashed. Underneath written in bold pen: “GOTTA HAVE FAITH.”
53) 0) text: An overhead bare bulb illuminates the musty basement. Cob and dust coat everythin Stephanie sifts through a box of old books. She pulis out a stack of “SQUAW LAKE BIBLE CAM YEARBOOKS,” scanning to SUMMER 2000. Stephanie flips through book after book. Not quite sure w she’s looking for, studying the young faces. Finally a SINGLE IMAGE grabs her: TWO IDENTICAL TWIN GIRL (AGE 9), their arms around each other. They’re lean, fair blue-eyed. There’s a vague resemblance to Emily. Could it Suddenly the names grab Stephanie: HOPE AND FAITH MCLENNA
58) 1) text: As Stephanie wanders with her bucket, lightning flashes i the gauzy curtains. She looks at old’ pictures of SCOWLIN INDUSTRIALISTS on the wall. She finally stops at one pict - HOPE AND FAITH. They stare ahead with hard faces, arm-i arm, as if unified against the photographer. 85.
64) 0) text: Dead of night. Hope and Faith (16) carefully open the sec floor window and climb down on expensive tapestries cinch together. Hand in hand, they run past ... STEPHANIE ore Don’t you think I understand? «+. a vigilant BRUCE sitting by the caretaker’s shack.
65) 0) text: Emily is staring back. STEPHANIE (V.O rd. You were sixteen years ol It’s that age when you feel trapped. EXT. LAKE’S EDGE - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 153 A bonfire burns in the middle of a field. Teens hang out drink, dance, make out. Faith makes out with a CUTE BOY. watches them’ kiss with a mix of envy and_concern ... unt she sees her FATHER’S CAR rolling downhill toward them.
66) 0) text: Hope is locked inside a dark closet as she HEARS the soun Faith being punished by her father on the other side of t door. Faith SCREAMS and fights back as Hope holds her ear
67) 0) text: Hope and Faith each have a gas can in hand as they watch bedroom wing of the mansion burn from the front lawn.
69) 0) text: Hope and Faith ride the bus. Hope looks out the window, h mind spipning: planning for them. A WELL-MEANING TOURIST them, holding up a camera, wanting a picture of the prett twins. Faith violently slaps the camera out of the woman’ hands, hissing at her to fuck off.
70) 0) text: Ho) Hope and Faith sit across from each other, gripping e er’s LEFT HAND. Hope already has her barbed wire tattoo o her wrist. The TATTOO ARTIST is in the process of complet Faith's matching barbed wire tattoo.
71) 0) text: Hope and Faith hug tightly under a pier as the ocean wash to their toes. Both girls have tears in their eyes. They slowly back away from each other.
74) 1) text: Faith is already inside, wearing the ARMY JACKET from the fax. She rises to face her sister. Identical twins, the contrast between them is shocking. Faith is a full-blown junkie. Dirty and haggard, dark rings around her eyes. He ront tooth is broken.
76) 1) text: Emily watches with dread and fascination as Faith drops a syringe. Her arm goes limp and her eyes become gassy. Faith’s head tips back as the warm rush climbs her body. smiles at Emily, revealing her broken front tooth.
76) 2) dialog: You gotta have Faith. And now here I am. Faith laughs darkly, her smile hardening to malice.
76) 4) dialog: You abandoned me. And now I’m going to the cops. To tell them everything we did. And when I go under, you go with me.
76) 6) dialog: Awwww, that kid is so cute. So’s the husband. Can I be you for a day? Like in High School when we’d switch places?
76) 8) dialog: I want a million dollars in cash.
76) 10) dialog: You're rich and famous. You'll figure it out. Emily glowers at her. Then she appears to make a decision
76) 12) dialog: Uch, it’s fucking hot in here. Let’s go swimming. Like old times. Faith tugs her wool dress over her head, no underwear. Em watches, disturbed.
76) 13) dialog: You coming? Emily considers it. Her mind working quickly.
77) 1) text: Emily makes her way through the woods to follow Faith, wh bare flesh flashes through the trees.
78) 0) text: Faith wades into the water then submerges under its icy surface. Emily peels off her dress down to her bra and underwear. She wades into the water with a gasp, her jaw clenched against the cold. Faith surfaces and treads wate
78) 1) dialog: C'mon, wimp! I thought you were the Alpha!
78) 3) dialog: How could you leave me like that? We were supposed to be a team. You and me. Forever.
78) 5) text: It’s just ... things have changed. She shoves Faith under the water. Faith struggles and splashes to the surface, but Emily shoves her down again. struggle persists. Emily is athletic and strong. Her will murder is stronger than Faith’s will to live. Finally the struggle stops. Faith goes limp and floats. E holds her sister in her arms. A tender moment. Emily glan at her own hand, the sapphire and diamond engagement RING She pulls the ring off her finger and wrestles it onto Faith’s lifeless finger, forcing it on.