1) 2) text: It was International Cuisine day in my son Miles’ 2nd Grade class and, once again, I drew Sweden.
3) 1) text: The tray of meatballs has now been eaten, paper flags dea puddles of cold gravy. They sit on a table with other remnants of a consumed international pot luck. On the ground, blocks, dinosaurs - two boys have made an alternate universe, which they now demolish with toy truc MILES SMOTHERS (5) is a shy kid with the alert eyes of hi mother. NICKY (5) is a rambunctious towhead, ready for trouble. Miles both admires and fears his aggression.
3) 3) dialog: Not me. I came back to life. Below a banner that reads “Ethnic Food Day” sit the spent parents: STACY (30s, cardigan and culottes), SONA (30s, E indian), DARREN (40, put together) dandling his toddler L
4) 0) text: Under the awning outside the school, parents are claiming their children and trying to get them to put on raincoats Umbrellas snap open as water cascades off the awning. Stephanie returns from loading her car, greeting her son Miles again as he emerges beside a jacketless Nicky.
4) 3) dialog: (a withering look) Thanks a lot, mom.
4) 10) dialog: Ask her!
6) 50) dialog: Mom! Can I stay for dinner or not? _ STEPHANIE ; I don’t like this new tone, Mister.
6) 52) dialog: (running out) Yeeees!!! Nicky!! I can stay!
8) 0) text: In her “Yearbook Mom” photo vest and camera, Stephanie ch Miles and Nicky around the jungle gym with a_roar and fin claws -- a game of “Darth Mommy” that Miles loves. She’s with them, making them squeal and dart away from her. Emily pulls up in her car and walks toward the park, stil a work call and exuding irritation.
13) 0) text: The revelry seems to come to a sudden halt. Miles and Nic sulk at the kitchen table. Tempeh burger, carrots and ste spinach on their plates. Used to it, Miles eats; but Nick pushes the food around with his fork as Miles sets down h glass of milk on the wood table next to its coaster.
13) 2) dialog: (putting | glass on coaster) Because of his wet feet. Sorry, mom.
13) 16) text: As Stephanie climbs up to say good night to Miles on the BUNK, her head gets trapped in a HANGING SOLAR SYSTEM MOB affixed to the ceiling. She tries to blow away a Styrofoa Saturn, finally clearing planets like a cloud of gnats.
13) 18) dialog: Good night, Mama. (looking up) And good night, Daddy. Good night, Uncle Chris.
18) 0) text: table dri enters in her robe. Miles and Nicky are at the table drinking GREEN SMOOTHIES, Sean helming the blender a mix of CHIA SEEDS, YOGURT, KALE, SPINACH, BANANAS, HONE
18) 2) dialog: I do!
26) 20) text: Miles and Nicky sit on the edge of the bed munching rolls watching SpongeBob.
33) 9) dialog: Nicky. You don’t need to worry. Your Mom’s in heaven. With my Dad and Uncle Chris.
33) 12) dialog: OWWWW! Stop!!! 75 51. Nicky straddles Miles and smacks him across the face, ope palmed, left then right then left then right until Miles’ nose starts gushing blood.
34) 22) text: Stephanie carries a sleeping, spent Nicky upstairs INTO H ROOM. She lays him on his bunk. Miles is asleep in the up bunk. Stephanie kisses Nicky’s forehead and slips out ... 77 78 53.
41) 2) text: All seated around the table, Stephanie, Sean, Miles and N eat in silence. Stephanie looks tense, pre- occupied.
41) 3) dialog: Mom, Nicky’s glass isn’t on the coaster.
41) 18) dialog: I think I did, but ... I don’t know. I was playing tetherball.
41) 25) dialog: ‘Night, Mom.
43) 29) dialog: I came back to life! Like your Mom!
43) 31) dialog: Mom! They’re not dolls! Nicky makes a face at Miles. He shoves his figure in his backpack and remembers something, retrieving A SMALL SQUA
45) 0) text: A BBQ is in full swing. Stephanie is talking to her broth Chris, more like flirting. She wears a sundress and a ponytail, looking beautiful. She laughs as they talk. MILES (age 2) tugs her skirt. Chris grabs his “nephew” an tosses him in the air, too high £ for safety. Miles laugh wildly, but Stephanie’s panic There’s a loud KNOCK on the window pane of the kitchen. H husband DAVIS (40) watches, enraged. Stephanie scoops up Miles in her arms and heads ...
46) 0) text: -.- into the kitchen. She can see Davis is furious. Steph nuzzles Miles and sets him down_in his high chair. Davis watches as she brings Miles a plastic bowl of Cheerios.
61) 16) dialog: Sorry, mom. I forgot.
61) 18) dialog: (looks at her oddly) Are you okay, mom? STEPHANIE ; I’ve never been better, sweetie.
76) 1) text: Emily watches with dread and fascination as Faith drops a syringe. Her arm goes limp and her eyes become gassy. Faith’s head tips back as the warm rush climbs her body. smiles at Emily, revealing her broken front tooth.
90) 1) text: UNDER THE END CREDITS, the BELL rings and all the kids po out of the school with their parents. Stephanie walks out with her boys -- Miles and Nicky -- who have bonded like brothers. Darren races up to Stephanie. Stephanie begins to sign her name onto EVERY SLOT of a SI UP SHEET when -