3) 4) dialog: I want to thank everyone who participated in today’s feast. vay! Class, didn’t we learn so much about food from around the world? Give your parents a big hand. The distracted kids CLAP as the parents nod. FREEZE FRAME The parents look with dread at the lens. REVERSE ON - Stephanie, decked out like a WAR CORRESPONDENT with photo gear. She checks her video display, not loving the shot.
3) 10) dialog: And parents, don’t forget, there's a sign- up sheet on the board for our Easter egg hunt next week. Please, Stephanie, don sign up for more than one job. Stephanie looks caught as she starts to ERASE the first t of her FOUR SIGNATURES she’s just written on the sign-up sheets.
3) 11) dialog: I’m not sure everyone has gotten a chance to volunteer yet. Stephanie glances over at Nicky, angrily smashing his blo creation with a truck.
3) 13) dialog: Has Nicky’s Mom volunteered? SONA’S DAUGHTER has come over and lay across Sona’s knees limp as a sack of apples.
3) 21) dialog: (try. ying to save Stephanie) It’ 3! a perfect plan, Stephanie. We’1l leave decorations open for Emily. Stephanie looks proud, then notices the other parents sta er like she’s an Alien. She deflates a bit.
53) 12) dialog: Who is this? Stephanie glances at the application from the camp.
53) 14) dialog: What do you want?
53) 17) dialog: Bruce? It’s that camp. The girls must have done something again. God have mercy on me if those girls need to come home early again.
53) 19) dialog: It’s filthy in there, Bruce. I’ve asked you a thousand times --
56) 2) dialog: Who?
56) 4) dialog: Start in the downstairs bathroom.
58) 2) dialog: Bruce! The fire’s dying. Bruce! Stephanie takes off her head wrap and hustles ahead.
59) 0) text: As Stephanie feeds wood onto the fire, Mrs. McLennan is n seated on her red velvet chair, thumbing through an “OLD MONEY STYLE CATALOG.” Stephanie sees a massive FORMAL PORTRAIT of a younger Mrs. McLennan in an evening gown ab the grand piano.
59) 2) dialog: What have they done now?
59) 4) dialog: I don’t know what sort of donation you're looking for, but the well has gone dry.
59) 6) dialog: Well, you must be the only one. My husband lost a fortune in the recall of 798. I warned him, you know. It was a defect with the airbags. Do you know anything about airbags, Miss?
59) 9) dialog: She restored my faith, all right. In the devil.
59) 11) dialog: Are you a mother? 86.
59) 13) dialog: Well, you must have brain damage. It’s a thankless business. And some children are born rotten. They don’t need a parent, they need an exorcist. My husband understood that. The old woman rises ... and heads to a HUGE BOOKSHELF. Sh pulls out a dictionary to reveal a HIDDEN BOTTLE. MRS. MCLENNAN (CONT’D Don’t tell Bruce about this. It’s unseemly the way that man polices me. Would you like some sherry?
59) 15) dialog: (opens bottle; smells it) Oh, that’s not the sherry. It’s the gin. The sherry must be behind another book. She looks up at the massive bookcase, hundreds of tomes. take her a month to look behind all of them. Then she shr and returns to the chair with her straight gin.
59) 17) dialog: The family shame. We paid so much money for that girl and her rehabilitation. Is there any service where one pays so dearly to get so little?
59) 19) dialog: drinking) Oh please do pay attention. Hope tried to take care of her, to get her off that stuff, I know - but of course Hope is a born liar. With terrible posture. An idea comes over Stephanie. She unfolds the FAX from he Rocket ,with “GOTTA HAVE FAITH” written across the bottom he military coat, the sunken cheeks.
59) 21) dialog: Faith. What does she want now? Who are you? Did she send you? 87.
59) 24) dialog: I've told you all a thousand times, my memory isn’t very good anymore. It won’t stand up in court. The night of the fire, my husband and I were estranged. We were in separate wings of the house. I was in the east wing.
59) 26) dialog: Lord, you’re so dense. May, 2001. I’m exceptional with dates. Unless it’s today’s. Is it Wednesday? Are you an insurance agent? Stephanie swallows with guilt. It hurts to lie to this ol woman in her state, but —
59) 28) dialog: (softening again) Oh good. Bruce and I have been waiting for the insurance money. My husband's stamp collection alone was worth a fortune. But you’ve got that ridiculous clause about arson. Vultures. She toasts her bottle of gin. MRS. MCLENNAN (CONT’D) Here's to being “house poor.” The phrase strikes Stephanie as familiar - but just then, with a loud squeak, the FRONT DOOR swings open down the h Stephanie stiffens at the sound - and Mrs. McLennan panic too, handing her the bottle of gin. MRS. MCLENNAN (CONT’D) It’s Bruce. Hide this. With booming heavy footsteps, Bruce comes down the hall. Stephanie pulls aside books to hide the bottle, but finds different bottle behind each. Finally she drops it into her bucket beside the toilet br She can think of nothing else but to grab the huge “OLD M STYLE” CATALOG from the end table beside Mrs. McLennan as