3) 1) text: The tray of meatballs has now been eaten, paper flags dea puddles of cold gravy. They sit on a table with other remnants of a consumed international pot luck. On the ground, blocks, dinosaurs - two boys have made an alternate universe, which they now demolish with toy truc MILES SMOTHERS (5) is a shy kid with the alert eyes of hi mother. NICKY (5) is a rambunctious towhead, ready for trouble. Miles both admires and fears his aggression.
3) 2) dialog: You're all dead! I killed everyone. Miles retrieves his LEGO MAN from the wreckage, upbeat.
4) 0) text: Under the awning outside the school, parents are claiming their children and trying to get them to put on raincoats Umbrellas snap open as water cascades off the awning. Stephanie returns from loading her car, greeting her son Miles again as he emerges beside a jacketless Nicky.
4) 2) dialog: (laughs ) Smooch?
4) 4) dialog: Can me and Miles have a playdate today?
4) 6) dialog: She's right there. Nicky points as Stephanie spins to see: 5. Walking across the soaked playground in a perfect straigh line, a raised BLACK UMBRELLA over the sleek outline of a BURBERRY TRENCHCOAT - comes EMILY NELSON. She walks as if a fashion runway, never veering in the downpour even as a lost Hello Kitty umbrella blows like a tumbleweed across ath. She’s a Classic beauty. Lights a cigarette. Nicky hi ives her and then hugs her. She hugs him back tightly.
4) 12) dialog: Can me and ... Can I and... (correcting himself) I just want a play date.
4) 14) dialog: Play-date! Play-date! Play-date! Play-date! Emily gives a world-weary sigh.
4) 16) dialog: Then keep your door closed and we won’t even bother zou You don’t have to do anything! Emily glances at Stephanie, as if she might find solidari in this other mom. Stephanie gives her a bright smile.
4) 18) dialog: You don’t let me do anything! You don’t let me have any friends! Emily feels the other parents watching. She flicks her cigarette into a flower bed and turns to Stephanie.
4) 20) text: A martini. Wow. I haven’t had a martini in forever. Apple’s my favorite. Emily stares a beat, then pivots back to Nicky.
4) 22) dialog: Then I’m staying here.
8) 0) text: In her “Yearbook Mom” photo vest and camera, Stephanie ch Miles and Nicky around the jungle gym with a_roar and fin claws -- a game of “Darth Mommy” that Miles loves. She’s with them, making them squeal and dart away from her. Emily pulls up in her car and walks toward the park, stil a work call and exuding irritation.
12) 0) text: At the end of another day, moms are picking up kids. Mile and Nicky emerge with their backpacks.
13) 4) dialog: Do amino acids come from horse shit? Miles gasps in horror. Stephanie smiles, beatific.
13) 8) dialog: Well, that’s what it tastes like. Are you telling me to lie?
13) 10) dialog: No thank you. INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 27 The two boys watch SpongeBob Squarepants on TV, eating popcorn. Stephanie texts Emily: “Should i give nicky a ba She hits SEND. Waits. She fixates on her phone. No respon INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 28
13) 19) dialog: Who's Uncle Chris?
13) 21) dialog: There’s no such thing as heaven.
13) 23) dialog: My Dad says life’s just a brief moment of pain before an eternity of darkness.
13) 25) dialog: And he says when we die we turn into a feast for bacteria.
13) 27) dialog: I want to go home. My Mom didn’t say I was sleeping over.
13) 29) text: Stephanie makes two kids’ lunches for the next day in silence. 32 33 26. She mashes avocados and nori on whole grain bread, then c the sandwiches in half. She texts Emily: “Made lunch for Nicky. Text me to say you’re ok. Worried about u.” She hits SEND. Waits a beat. No response. She finds a bot of WHITE ZINFANDEL in the back of the fridge, half empty. unscrews the screw cap and sniffs it. Still good? Maybe. pours herself a glass. She steals a cookie from under Saran Wrap. She nibbles a bit of it, washing it down with wine. She slips the cooki back, looking guilty. Looks at her phone. Nothing from Em
18) 0) text: table dri enters in her robe. Miles and Nicky are at the table drinking GREEN SMOOTHIES, Sean helming the blender a mix of CHIA SEEDS, YOGURT, KALE, SPINACH, BANANAS, HONE
26) 20) text: Miles and Nicky sit on the edge of the bed munching rolls watching SpongeBob.
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.
33) 10) dialog: No, she’s not. She’s in the ground. She’s never coming back.
33) 11) dialog: She's in heaven now - Shut up! Nicky flies at Miles and shoves him to the ground.
34) 4) dialog: she made this happen. She made my mom ie! Stephanie feels dizzy. She glances around and notices Dar watching all this from the kitchen window.
34) 6) dialog: She's trying to be my new mom.
34) 8) dialog: You're trying to be everybody’s Mom. But you're not mine!
34) 9) dialog: Nicky, stop. I know you're I want my mom! upset, but -
34) 11) dialog: Mom was right. You’re a loser! Sean hurls Nicky on the ground, snapping. Stephanie gasps
34) 15) dialog: Get away from me! Sean looks up at Stephanie, completely lost. Some of the guests watch from a distance.
34) 18) dialog: I don’t want to talk to you.
34) 20) dialog: (suspicious) What do you know?
34) 22) text: Stephanie carries a sleeping, spent Nicky upstairs INTO H ROOM. She lays him on his bunk. Miles is asleep in the up bunk. Stephanie kisses Nicky’s forehead and slips out ... 77 78 53.
41) 5) dialog: Are these amino acids in this salad?
41) 11) dialog: (mouth full) I saw my Mom. The dinner table goes silent. Sean and Stephanie meet eye then look back at the boy, crunching on croutons.
41) 13) dialog: (crunching loudly) No, I saw her. Stephanie is holding her breath. The crunching is maddeni inescapable, like a tell-tale heart. NICKY (CONT’D) She was right outside the fence by the kickball yard. At recess.
41) 15) dialog: Nobody looks like Mom. He finally looks up at a_ stunned Sean and Stephanie as t crunching stops and he slurps his drink. NICKY (CONT’D) She told me say hi to Stephanie. Stephanie drops her knife onto her plate with a clank.
41) 17) dialog: Miles saw her too. Right, Miles? Miles looks scared to be drawn into this.
41) 20) dialog: I’m not lying! Fuck you, I saw her! 94 95 96 97 63.
41) 28) text: Preoccupied, Stephanie checks the pockets of the boys’ clothes before she throws them into the washer. She pause Nicky’s school clothes. Smells them. Emily’s perfume agai Then she turns inside-out the pockets from NICKY’S CORDUR to find: THE CHEVRON FRIENDSHIP BRACELET. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DUSK 97
43) 28) dialog: Ha! I just killed you!
43) 33) dialog: Oh. My mom told me to give you this. stephanie looks in the rearview mirror at him, chilled, a holds out the envelop to her. She nearly drives through a LIGHT and slams on the brake, the car spinning 180 as oth cars screech to a stop to avoid her. Both kids fly hard against their car seat restraints. They sit in silence, t NICKY (CONT’D) That was awesome. OFF STEPHANIE, heaving for breath -- INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 110 The boys race upstairs. Stephanie listens to make sure they’re in their room, then she rushes into the kitchen. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 111 Stephanie tears open the envelope. She pulls out a photo:
61) 19) dialog: Where were you? Why did we have to sleep at Hector’s? He pees the bed. Sean emerges from the kitchen with a whiskey in hand.
89) 1) text: Emily walks in to see Stephanie and Nicky at a table. Nic races toward her. She scoops him up in her arms and hugs so tightly he groans.
89) 2) dialog: Can’t ... breathe ... Emily laughs and lets him go. 117.
89) 5) dialog: The tooth fairy got me a gumball machine.
89) 7) dialog: (with a hard look) I know it’s Dad.
89) 11) dialog: Now can I have one?!
89) 13) dialog: (mouth full) I’m thirsty. Can I get a Coke?
90) 1) text: UNDER THE END CREDITS, the BELL rings and all the kids po out of the school with their parents. Stephanie walks out with her boys -- Miles and Nicky -- who have bonded like brothers. Darren races up to Stephanie. Stephanie begins to sign her name onto EVERY SLOT of a SI UP SHEET when -