3) 8) dialog: How can she still have energy?
3) 16) dialog: I would miss my kids too much. Honey, sit up. This game is hurting Mommy’s knees.
5) 1) text: DARREN, SONA, and STACY watch as STEPHANIE and EMILY run under the same umbrella as the boys race ahead, stomping puddles.
5) 4) dialog: Maybe they won’t talk. Maybe Stephanie ill color-code her Tupperware.
5) 7) dialog: Emily's going to eat her alive.
26) 0) text: THE UNFLATTERING PHOTO OF EMILY, copied to the point of blurriness, is STAPLED to a communi y bulletin board. Stephanie goes store to store in the small downtown area putting up fliers with the caption “HAVE YOU SEEN ME?” an otline number. Sean walks up and hands her a new stack. T exchange a sad smile. He’s grateful to her for all this. REVEAL Darren, Stacy and Sona watching from a Starbucks.
26) 4) dialog: Emily's going to hate those fliers when she comes back.
30) 1) text: CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATORS tag and bag various personal it strewn about a cabin lined with rusty bunk beds. STEPHANIE (V.O. Special thanks to Leanne Dippens, whose helpful tip led to a major break in the case. A GLOVED CSI HAND empties Emily’s handbag of its contents
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.
33) 7) dialog: If you or Sean ever need me to watch Miles or Nicky any time, it’s nothing.
87) 64) text: Darren, Sona and Stacy are having a “Moms Night” at Darre house. They're playing Pictionary and smoking pot as Stephanie’s OLD VLOGS play in the background. Sona is tak a long drag as she draws something indecipherable.