3) 6) dialog: Just set it to Auto.
3) 15) dialog: God, it’d be my dream to run PR_ for Dennis Nylon. Can you imagine all the free shit she must get? The parties? I'd kill for one night of her life. Sona struggles to keep her daughter from falling on her h
3) 19) dialog: Please tell me you don’t actually own a helium tank. It just slipped out of Stacy - and she regrets it. Stepha is a bit hurt by the comment but tries to hide it.
5) 1) text: DARREN, SONA, and STACY watch as STEPHANIE and EMILY run under the same umbrella as the boys race ahead, stomping puddles.
5) 3) dialog: What on earth are those two going to talk about?
5) 6) dialog: Ha, she keeps her leftovers in Prada bags.
26) 0) text: THE UNFLATTERING PHOTO OF EMILY, copied to the point of blurriness, is STAPLED to a communi y bulletin board. Stephanie goes store to store in the small downtown area putting up fliers with the caption “HAVE YOU SEEN ME?” an otline number. Sean walks up and hands her a new stack. T exchange a sad smile. He’s grateful to her for all this. REVEAL Darren, Stacy and Sona watching from a Starbucks.
26) 2) dialog: Oh, please. It’s an Arts-and-Crafts project. I’ve never seen her pass up a chance to use a stapler. 58 43.
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.
87) 64) text: Darren, Sona and Stacy are having a “Moms Night” at Darre house. They're playing Pictionary and smoking pot as Stephanie’s OLD VLOGS play in the background. Sona is tak a long drag as she draws something indecipherable.