0) 1) text: The screen pops on, revealing STEPHANIE SMOTHERS, a cute, conservative, earnest young mother and mommy blogger. She in a modest country kitchen with a cozy feel. There’s a child’s art work on the refrigerator behind her. On the counter in front of Stephanie are her cookie ingredients: flour, brown sugar, chocolate chips, zucchin measuring cups, mixing bowls, spatula, pan.
0) 2) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. As promised, today I’1ll be sharing my secret recipe for zucchini chocolate chip cookies. Your kids will never know they’re eating a full serving of veggies. But first -- (her voice shifts, grave) -- many of you have asked for an update on the Emily situation. For those of you new to my vlog ... (checking computer screen) That’s you, Babette9 and VioletsRblue, thanks for joining ... You should know that my best friend Emily is missing. She asked me for a simple favor: to pick up her son Nicky from school. That was nine days ago. She hasn’t come back yet ... (voice breaks; regroups) I hope you'll forgive me. I’m just so worried about her. And I want to help the police track her down. But I’m realizing I didn’t know her as well as I thought. Like my mother used to say, God rest her soul, “Secrets are like margarine. Easy to spread, but bad for the heart.” But as different as we were, I truly considered Emily my best friend. Our sons brought us together. She’s such a wonderful, elegant person ... She clears a tear, then composes herself. STEPHANIE (CONT’D I’m sorry, for all our new friends, let me catch you up. I met Emily a few weeks ago at school ...
2) 1) text: Trying to juggle an UMBRELLA, PHOTO EQUIPMENT, and the HATCHBACK, Stephanie fights to extract the TRAY OF SWEDIS MEATBALLS (each adorned with a miniature flag). She can’t quite pull it off and spills a few onto the pavement.
2) 2) dialog: Oh, nuts. She turns and races toward the school, splashing through puddles in her TALBOTS SKY BLUE MOCCASINS.
3) 5) dialog: Oh, shoot. The lighting was pretty bad.
3) 7) dialog: What’s the fun in that? All right, everybody look like you’re having fun! 3. qhey stare ahead like MUG SHOTS and she snaps another. As heads off to get more action shots, the parents talk:
3) 12) dialog: Miles, honey? Maybe keep your fingers away from Nicky’s truck.
3) 18) dialog: What if I just erase myself from decorations and leave it for Emily? Then if she can’t make it, I’11l still bring my balloons and helium tank.
3) 20) dialog: I think lots of people own helium tanks, Stacy. If they don’t, they should. Kids love balloons, especially floaty ones.
4) 0) text: Under the awning outside the school, parents are claiming their children and trying to get them to put on raincoats Umbrellas snap open as water cascades off the awning. Stephanie returns from loading her car, greeting her son Miles again as he emerges beside a jacketless Nicky.
4) 1) dialog: Hey, Smooch. Great work today.
4) 5) dialog: “Miles and I,” sweetie. And I’m not sure. We'd have to’ ask your mommy - and she’s probably still in city.
4) 23) dialog: Of course, it doesn’t need to be apple. Emily turns back to Stephanie, who smiles at her again. E just shakes her head and sighs, defeated. Gets a small sm
4) 25) dialog: That would be lovely. No apples allowed. Boo, apples. Ha ha. Emily gives her a look of “What am I getting myself into?
5) 1) text: DARREN, SONA, and STACY watch as STEPHANIE and EMILY run under the same umbrella as the boys race ahead, stomping puddles.
5) 2) dialog: Don’t swamp your galoshes!
5) 10) dialog: Oh, yeah. Target. A pack is only ten dollars. They must lose money on them. They have other animals, too. Chipmunks, squirrels ... Stephanie sees a PAINTING OF NUDE EMILY. Her eyes go wide
5) 11) dialog: ... beavers. The painting hanging in the foyer depicts Emily at age 18 with red hair, staring at her own reflection with a hard expression. Stephanie tries to play it cool.
5) 12) dialog: Wow, that is so ... lifelike.
5) 14) dialog: It’s terrific. Who painted it?
5) 16) dialog: What an incredible house.
5) 18) dialog: Oopsy.
5) 20) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. It’s what we say when someone swears. Force of habit. (off Emily’s look) We have an “oopsy” jar in the pantry. A quarter for every bad word.
5) 22) dialog: I’m sorry.
5) 24) dialog: You‘re right. Thank you. That’s great advice. I love your music, by the way.
5) 27) dialog: Oh! Um. Just got caught up in the moment.
5) 30) dialog: Wow, you must really love to cook.
5) 33) dialog: But he loves you. What was the book?
5) 35) dialog: Oh my Gosh! I read that in my book club. That’s when I first became a single mom, I was so tired at the end of the day I was just jopping onto Miles’s bean bag chair _in front of the Kardashians. And then I thought - this is ridiculous. So I joined a book club and that was the first one we read. So impressive.
5) 37) dialog: Widowed.
6) 2) dialog: Car accident.
6) 4) dialog: My brother Chris was in the passenger seat. 10.
6) 6) dialog: In one fell swoop, I lost the two most important men in my life. Well, aside from Miles, obviously. Two out "of three. Emily studies Stephanie for a long time now. Slowly, her begin to well up. A single tear courses a line through he make-up, until she wipes it away.
6) 8) dialog: I don’t talk about it much. Especially with people I just met. I’m sorry.
6) 10) dialog: I’m s---oopsy. Dang it. Hard habit to break. I’m not sorry. Ha ha. Emily generously pours the first martini and hands it to Stephanie. Not a drinker, Stephanie sips it politely.
6) 12) dialog: Me? No. It’s slim pickin’s in Warfield.
6) 14) dialog: Oh, I couldn’t date anyone from the cit That’s a little too fast for me. I trie eHarmony, but then that mother of three wound up with her head in a trash can - and I said, “No, thank you.”
6) 16) dialog: Really? Thank you. I never thought I’d end up a single mom, trying to make ends meet. My husband had life insurance, thank goodness ; but not a lot. And I put half of it away for Miles’ college. So, even with a fixed income, that money will run out in 2020. Tokyo Olympics. Go, USA.
6) 20) dialog: Well, I love it. Don’t even think of selling it. If I lived here, I’d just bask in this kitchen all day.
6) 23) dialog: It’s a nice contrast with your ring. Emily flashes her VINTAGE WEDDING RING. Platinum filigree with sapphires and diamonds, c. 1920.
6) 27) dialog: Oh, that’s me. I’m sorry. (winces at her “sorry”) Your wife is trying to get me to stop saying I’m sorry.
6) 33) dialog: I'ma big. fan of your book. I thought it was brilliant writing. It reminded me of William Thackeray.
6) 35) dialog: I was an English major at Barnard. But that was a lifetime ago, before “Mommybrain” set in. I did my senior thesis on Canterbury Tales. (in olde English) “And with that word Arcite gan espye, Wher-as this lady romed to and fro --”
6) 40) dialog: Well, Stephanie’s a hard one. Boy, you two are ... what a cute couple.
6) 42) dialog: You‘ve figured out how to “have it all.” How do you juggle it?
6) 44) dialog: If you ever need me to pick up Nicky after school, I'd be happy to bring him to my house.
6) 46) dialog: Well, you will be. I just signed you up for the Easter decoration crew. Emily gapes . back. Suddenly, Miles races into the kitche socks, iding like a speed skater on the slick floor. ; MILES . Nicky wants me to stay for dinner!
6) 47) dialog: Oh, not tonight, Smooch. I have to do my vlog before dinner. (to Emily) I have a Mommy Vlog. For fun and a little extra income.
6) 49) dialog: Six hundred and ten page views a day. I really need a hundred thousand to start monetizing the site with ad revenue. So, it’s more a way to connect with other moms. It’s a community.
6) 53) dialog: Thank you. I know how busy you are. 12 13 14.
6) 55) text: In her lit set of a kitchen, Stephanie now has full makeu hair flat-ironed. She’s warm and chipper.
6) 56) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. If this is your first visit to my vlog - a hearty welcome. And ity out Sehe survey at the bottom so I can thank whoever referred you with this lovely lavender sachet. (holds up sachet, then) Today’ s theme is friendshi iD. You know, I don‘t understand these silly, hurtful divisions between working moms and stay- at-home moms. The truth is, I’ve found it hard to make friends with either. Parenthood can be isolating. Honestly, you moms have been better friends to me even though we’ve never met in person. I treasure each and every one of you. Truly. And so I thought today ... She clicks the ZOOM OUT button on her remote to reveal th island is covered with packets of colored string.
6) 57) dialog: ... was a perfect day for FRIENDSHIP BRACELETS! To celebrate the most important bonds of our lives. Other than family, of course.
7) 1) text: There's a new spring in Stephanie’s step as she gets out her VOLVO with a box of CANNED GOODS marked MATH: Mothers Assisting The Homeless. As she trundles the heavy load, h CELL PHONE rings. She gtimpses the call screen - EMILY - she drops the box, sending cans rolling around the lot.
7) 2) dialog: Hello? Emily? Hi there! What’s up, lady? EMILY (0.8. I was wondering if I could take you up on your offer to pick up Nicky - I'm ina meeting with no end in sight.
7) 3) dialog: Of course! I’m happy to hel You're the best, Stephanie. I just bought aj io set o Perler beads --
7) 4) dialog: And I have extra snacks. I just need to know if he has any dietary restrictions. 14 15.
8) 0) text: In her “Yearbook Mom” photo vest and camera, Stephanie ch Miles and Nicky around the jungle gym with a_roar and fin claws -- a game of “Darth Mommy” that Miles loves. She’s with them, making them squeal and dart away from her. Emily pulls up in her car and walks toward the park, stil a work call and exuding irritation.
8) 1) dialog: Calm down, Dennis. Alexi is all talk. No one is “coming after you.” Take a fucking Xanax and let me do my job. Jesus. Emily ends the call and watches Stephanie chase the boys, natural mother in her element. Emily feels a pinch of gui even jealousy. Stephanie sees Emily and jogs over, winded
8) 2) dialog: “Darth Mommy,” we call it. It’s silly. But it’s one of Miles’ favorite games. One of the things he remembers from his Dad. He was much better at roughhousing. After flashing side eye, Emily pulls out a compact mirror begins tracing around her mouth with a pencil.
8) 4) dialog: Do what?
8) 6) dialog: Oh, gosh, Emily. That’s not what I was doing at all. I think you're a super mom--
8) 8) dialog: Yeah, yikes. You do work in the city. Emily stares emotionally at Nicky, who’s playing happily. unaware of her. We see how much she loves him. Then - Emily spins to see that Stephanie has snapped a pictures
8) 10) dialog: I’m... the yearbook mom.
8) 12) dialog: But you look so ... chic.
8) 14) dialog: No, gosh, no. It’s just for the “Faces and Placés” section. Only other parents would see it -
8) 16) dialog: Gone. See. Just homemade granola.
8) 18) dialog: Gosh, I’m sor-- I mean, I didn’t mean to offend you. I can understand in your line of work how sensitive this is. (struggling) I guess I’m not someone you'd normally be friends with.
8) 21) dialog: I made it especially for you. CLOSE SHOT - Stephanie ties a new FRIENDSHIP BRACELET ove Emily's wrist, right onto the barbed wire tattoo.
8) 23) dialog: I used to watch old Bewitched episodes on TV Land and always thought it was so classy when Darren would come home and Samantha would mix him a martini. And now here I am. Again. It’s so high tone. Emily chuckles as she shakes the ice-filled martini shake
8) 26) dialog: This one’s not real? Emily goes to the fridge, opens the freezer and pulls out frozen bottle of gin and one frozen martini glass. She br it back over to the island.
8) 29) dialog: Oopsy. L’chaim. Emily takes a sip and visibly relaxes. Stephanie studies
8) 30) dialog: Can you make me one of those? I think I need to reset my brain too. Off Emily’s impressed smile ... INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER 16
8) 31) text: Stephanie and Emily sit on the couch as a fire blazes in fireplace. A FRENCH 60'S POP SONG PLAYS. Stephanie is cle wasted. She takes another drink, smacking her lips. 18.
8) 32) dialog: I really am not happy with myself about the picture I took . of you. That was so rude ... like a paparazzo eee EMILY. Oh, please - will you get over it already: Stephanie? You're so nice, I don’t know how you" ve managed to survive on this planet for so long.
8) 33) dialog: (stares for a long beat I’m not as nice as you thin
8) 35) dialog: I‘m juss’ Saying - we all have a dark side. Even “nerds.” It’s juss’ -- some of us are better at hiding it. My mother once said, “Secrets are like margarine--” Stephanie stops as_ her drink goes down the wrong pipe an chokes, coughing. Emily laughs.
8) 37) dialog: What? No. I mean ... well ... okay. Maybe. But you go first.
8) 39) dialog: (whispering) Wasn’t Sean jealous of him?
8) 42) dialog: (freaked out, hiding it) I am - what do you mean? I’m not freaked out. I’m completely ... laissez faire. 17 18 19 20 19.
9) 1) text: Pouring rain outside. A funeral reception. PEOPLE are dre in black, crowded into a modest house, having sandwiches. STEPHANIE (here 18) moves through the house cleaning up. make-up, hair in a ponytail, simple black dress. She head
9) 3) dialog: ... A boy showed up at the funeral.
9) 5) dialog: His name was Chris. It’s like seeing the young, handsome ghost of her dead husband. The crowd haS now gathered to watch this unfold.
9) 6) dialog: He was the spitting image of my father - only thirty years younger. Grace starts to cry and throws her arms around Chris’ nec holding him as if he’s her dead husband. Chris hugs her b lifts his eyes and looks RIGHT AT Stephanie.
9) 7) dialog: 
9) 10) dialog: (drunk, steadying herself) No, this is necess’ssary prologue. 21 22 20.
10) 0) text: Now in jeans and a tank top Stephanie unfolds the rusty y stained pullout couch for hris. A bare bulb hangs overhea illuminating the moldy basement.
10) 1) dialog: We talked for a long time, looking at old photos of my dad. It was too late for Chris to drive home. So he stayed over. Chris watches Stephanie make the bed. She can feel his ey on her ass as she crawls across to stretch the fitted she They lock eyes. Their chests rising with desire.
10) 2) dialog: Maybe it was the loss of my dad, who was the only person who ever truly understood me, maybe it was the way Chris looked and acted like him, or the fact I suddenly wasn’t an only child, which I never wanted to be. I don’t know, we just stood there for the longest time. She moves_in and loops her arms around his neck to say go night, pulling him close. She tips her chin, looks up at
10) 3) dialog: We didn’t know how to say goodbye. Lips so close. They start to kiss. Tug at each other’s clothes, desperate to merge as quickly as possible. Chris throws her on the bed and fumbles with his fly. She yanks off her jeans. Chris climbs on top of her and thrus into her, eyes wide in amazement. She gasps: She’s never sex like this, great sex. She presses her lips together a shakes with an orgasm building. She buries her face in hi shoulder and groans_as it swallows her up. He comes at th same moment and collapses. They lie together stunned, swe INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - BACK TO SCENE 22
10) 4) text: Stephanie stares into space. Emily snaps her fingers in f of Stephanie’s eyes.
10) 6) dialog: Me? No, I’m fine. What was I saying?
10) 8) dialog: Oh, I don’t know. Maybe it’s not so racy where you're from. I went in to hug him and then we ... kissed. (buries face in hands) It’s so gross.
10) 10) dialog: It's like Chinatown! We immediately said this will never happen again, and we'd never breathe a word. And no, he wasn’t my brother, he was my half-brother. Emily sizes Stephanie up. She sips her drink, then leans Swear.
10) 12) dialog: No, there’s no more.
10) 14) dialog: I did not eject -
10) 16) dialog: What!? No! I didn’t say that.
10) 17) dialog: I swear.
10) 20) dialog: Oh my Gosh, you're terrible. I never should have said anything. Stupid martinis ... from Dukes. is flustered and guilt-ridden. Emily softens.
10) 22) dialog: Really? That would be lovely. 23 24 22.
11) 0) text: CLOSE UP of Alka Seltzer being dropped into a glass. REVE very hungover Stephanie setting up her kitchen for her vl She opens up her FIRST AID kit and lays out the items.
11) 1) dialog: (practicing) Hi Moms, Stephanie here. Today we’ll be talking about the perfect First Aid Kit, so that you’re never left in need during a crisis -- She doesn’t like how that sounds, and starts to revise he SCRIPT. Just then, her CELLPHONE rings. As she answers:
11) 3) dialog: Well, that’s really a I need your help. coincidence, because I was -
11) 4) dialog: Are you okay?
11) 6) dialog: Oh, Gosh, poor Sean. Poor you. Of course, I’m always happy to help.
11) 8) dialog: Of course! Nicky’s in good hands.
12) 1) dialog: Hey, guys! You’re getting a play date today! 25 26 23. The boys both cheer as Darren approaches, Lulu in his arm
12) 5) dialog: (mortified) I am -- No. I am not - this is not a job. I'm helping her out. As a friend.
12) 7) dialog: Well, we are. We drink martinis together. strong martinis. From London. (to the boys, the 7fFun mom” again) All right, fellas - if you don’t wrestle in the car, we'll make fruit pops. They cheer again, running . across the yard - as Stephani storms away, throwing a dirty look back at Darren. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO - DAY 25 Stephanie, Miles and Nicky drive along, SINGING ALONG TO FUN SONG ON THE RADIO. Everyone’s really happy.
13) 1) dialog: Miles, sweetie, you know the rule. Mr. Glass always stands on Mr. Coaster.
13) 3) dialog: Nicky, you can’t just live on starch. People need 11 different amino acids.
13) 5) dialog: We don’t use that language in this house, sweetie. (MORE)
13) 7) dialog: That’s an rooPsy.t It_would normally cost you a quarter, but I’1l cut you a little Slack this time because you’re a guest.
13) 9) dialog: No, lying is wrong, too. But there’s a difference between lying and being polite. So we can at least take a “no thank you” bite and see if we like it. He takes a bite of Tempeh burger, horrified, making a fac like it’s torture. Then he pushes his plate away.
13) 11) text: Stephanie gives the two boys a bubble bath. They splash around, hurling rubber sea creatures at each other.
13) 12) dialog: Don’t splash. This isn’t Sea World. They ignore her and splash harder. INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT 29
13) 13) text: Stephanie dials Emily. She gets her VOICEMAIL.
13) 15) dialog: Hi, Em, Stephanie. Hey. I know you're probably knee-deep in that crisis. But, um, Nicky asked when you were coming and I didn’t know what to tell him. They’re having a hoot here, don’t worry. And I’m happy to watch him as long as you need, just’ let me know. Okay? Hope you’re anging in there. She hangs up, her smile dropping. 30 31 25. INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - MILES’ BEDROOM - NIGHT 30
13) 16) text: As Stephanie climbs up to say good night to Miles on the BUNK, her head gets trapped in a HANGING SOLAR SYSTEM MOB affixed to the ceiling. She tries to blow away a Styrofoa Saturn, finally clearing planets like a cloud of gnats.
13) 17) dialog: G’night, Smooch.
13) 20) dialog: Chris was my brother. He’s in heaven now.
13) 22) dialog: Is that what your mommy and daddy tell you?
13) 24) dialog: Well, he’s an English professor.
13) 26) dialog: Well, at least someone is eating dinner then. She checks Miles, hoping this didn’t sink in. STEPHANIE (CONT’D) Do you want a kiss good night, Nicky?
13) 28) dialog: She should be here any minute and then she’1ll come wake you up. Stephanie pecks Nicky on the cheek anyway. He rubs his fa with disgust as she walks out and closes the door. INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 31
13) 29) text: Stephanie makes two kids’ lunches for the next day in silence. 32 33 26. She mashes avocados and nori on whole grain bread, then c the sandwiches in half. She texts Emily: “Made lunch for Nicky. Text me to say you’re ok. Worried about u.” She hits SEND. Waits a beat. No response. She finds a bot of WHITE ZINFANDEL in the back of the fridge, half empty. unscrews the screw cap and sniffs it. Still good? Maybe. pours herself a glass. She steals a cookie from under Saran Wrap. She nibbles a bit of it, washing it down with wine. She slips the cooki back, looking guilty. Looks at her phone. Nothing from Em
14) 1) text: PUSH IN ON the PARKED VOLVO as Stephanie tries to get a h of Emily at work. She speaks slowly and with a forced cal
14) 2) dialog: Stephanie. Smothers. I’m a close friend. I've been watching her son. Do you know where she went or when she’1l be back?
15) 2) dialog: A few days? She didn’t tell me - The other line rings.
15) 4) dialog: The thing is, I haven't heard a peep and Nicky wants to know - Valerie puts her on hold, activating 80s SYNTH MUSIC.
15) 5) dialog: Oh, for the love of Job. As she endures the hold music, we hear:
15) 6) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here, and the truth is, I’m not quite myself today. 34 35 36 27.
15) 8) text: Stephanie addresses the camera, her voice shaky.
15) 9) dialog: My friend, the one that inspired the double-weave chevron friendship bracelet ... well, she’s been gone a few days and Thaven’t been able to reach her. I sent her Eouall of cute iPhotos of our boys. She usually sends me back a winky-face emoji, but now ... not even that. (a deep breath) Oh, she travels a lot for work and I know some big hoo-ha came up, it’s always something. So I’ve been watching her son, who is a... London spirited young man. Her husband’s in London visiting his injured mother and ... an yWway s there’s probably a good explanation. s not like I mind -- but her son is Btarting to ask questions. Moms, what would you do if a mother put you in this situation? She glances at the comment feed: HUGSnKISSES19: A true friend wouldn’t do that. SUNDAYGIRLXOXO: Rude.
15) 11) dialog: Tigermom, be constructive. And you know the all-caps rule. No yelling. Yogalover999: The husband has to know something. Lives2Zumba: Call her husband.
15) 12) dialog: Right. Thank you, Yogalover, thank you, Zumba. You’re both right.
16) 3) dialog: Hi, Sean. It’s Stephanie. I’m so sorry to bother you, I got your cell number from the school dixectory. I know you’re going through so much gosh, my prayers are with you and your mom. But we really need to talk about», a situation with Emily.
16) 5) dialog: Oh. Stephanie Smothers. I’m Emily's friend. I drive a Volvo.
16) 7) dialog: Our sons go to Warfield together. is my son. Nicky is yours. Miles
16) 9) dialog: No, Nicky’s fine. It’s Emily. She asked me to watch Nicky. That was three days ago and I haven’t been able to reach her. Have you heard from her? Sean sighs as if he’s a punctured balloon. His mother wak up, having heard some of the conversation.
16) 14) dialog: Are you talking to me or
16) 16) dialog: She told me that she had fire.
16) 18) dialog: Oh, good. I just ... communicating.
16) 20) dialog: As long as she knows Nicky’s taken she can disappear for some time. I assumed we'd be a communicator. I mean, to check in on Nicky. 37 38
16) 22) dialog: He’s okay.
16) 24) dialog: All righty. EXT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT 29. 37 A TAXI pulls up in front of the house. The first time we' seen the exterior. It’s a quaint colonial, the country mo opposite of Emily and Sean’s house. Sean gets out of the cab and pays the driver, dragging hi bag toward the front door. He knocks and Stephanie opens.
16) 26) dialog: You’ve got a lot on your mind. We all do. The boys are asleep. Nicky tried to stay up to See you, but he was just too tuckered-out. Come in. INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
16) 27) text: Stephanie and Sean speak in low voices in the kitchen.
16) 29) dialog: Nothing. Not to you either?
16) 31) dialog: I’m sorry.
16) 33) dialog: It sounds tiring.
16) 35) dialog: Her assistant Valerie hasn’t been able to reach her either. Which doesn’t make any sense if she’s dealing with a work crisis. Some_of the moms think we should go to the police.
16) 37) dialog: I posted something about Emily on my website. For other moms. Just ... cooking tips, odds-and-ends. It’s mostly How-To. He looks at her with jet-lagged eyes. It’s all sinking in
16) 39) dialog: Would you like anything to drink? Herb tea maybe?
16) 41) dialog: Sean? The police are here.
17) 0) text: Stephanie sits at_the dining room table while TWO POLICE question Sean: SERGEANT MOLLOY and OFFICER BLANCO.
17) 2) dialog: Four days ago.
17) 22) dialog: (can’t take any an ed How dare you. This man flew back from his mother’s bedside. This is a dedicated father and husband. I’ve seen him with his wife, and let me tell you something: they are in love. They have more chemistry than the Science Fair.
17) 24) dialog: Like Sean said, that avenue’s a dead end. Or at least a cul-de-sac. So, drop it. Sean is astonished. No one has ever defended him with suc veracity - and he now can’t take his eyes off Stephanie, even surprised herself. The officers are unfazed, however
17) 27) dialog: She never told me that.
17) 31) dialog: Well, they were extremely rude.
17) 33) dialog: I have some white zinfandel in the fridge.
17) 35) dialog: I still have my late husband's whisky collection ... if that doesn’t make you uncomfortable. I know you don’t believe in heaven, so it’s not like he’1ll mind. SEAN ; How would you know what I believe?
17) 36) dialog: Oh. Gosh. Nicky - He doesn’t like our prayers at night. 4l 33.
17) 38) dialog: I welcome all denominations.
17) 41) dialog: She adores Nicky. She could never do that.
17) 43) dialog: She sure doesn’t like having her picture taken, I’1l tell ya that. Sean sparks at this, studying her more closely.
17) 46) dialog: That's really poetic. I can see why you’re such a good writer. He looks up at her with inconsolable pain in his eyes.
17) 49) dialog: Well, I’m a good Judge of character, Mr. Sean T. Townsend. And I know Emily loves you. One thousand percent.
17) 51) dialog: (glancing at the clock) Oh my Gosh, it’s 1:25. They stop driving at 1 a.m. here.
17) 53) dialog: Well, there’s only two Uber drivers in Warfield, and I know Davit has his son’s recital in the morning. (a beat) I have a guest room. Why don’t you stay over? Nicky will want to see you when he wakes up. OFF SEAN, contemplating it -- INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - DEN - NIGHT 42
17) 54) text: Stephanie pulls open the HIDE-A-BED onto a few DINOSAURS stranded on their sides and starts to prepare the bed.
17) 57) text: Sunlight pours in the window. The sound of CHILDREN’S VOI rouses Stephanie out of an intoxicated gieep. She shakes cobwebs from her head. She hears the GRINDING of a BLENDE 44 45 35.
18) 7) dialog: Yes, please. Stephanie takes the smoothie from his hand, slowly. She drinks it with her eyes locked on Sean. They have a long moment in the kitchen. The toaster dings, breaking the sp Then they remember why they’re here.
18) 8) dialog: All right, kids. Party’s over. Let’s get ready for school.
18) 10) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. Before we get to today’s topic - VEGETABLE SMOOTHIES — I want to welcome all of the new viewers: thank you for joining us. (MORE )
18) 12) dialog: And I especially want to thank so many of you who have written to ask about Emily Now, she is very sensitive about her privacy but these are extenuating circumstances. So, I’m using her real name and posting a few rare pictures in case any of you have seen her. It’s been six days. The good news is her husband Sean is back from London and working closes with the police. (a sigh) Now, a soe) ou Moms are stuck on this idea that the husband is always the primary suspect. But I’m here to tell you: Sean was out of the gountry wh when Emily disappeared. Some of you ha suggested he just wanted an alibi, “put I can assure you, Sean is an amazing husband and father. He’s been a wreck ever since he got home. And the police are no help. I don’t know what our tax dollars are paying for! INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 46 Stephanie is on her hands and knees digging in her closet
18) 13) dialog: Well, as every mom knows, if you want something done right, you better do it yourself. She finally finds a VINTAGE CHANEL SCARF in a gift box. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - DAY 47 Stephanie wears the Chanel scarf, nattily knotted on the side. Trying to look chic, in dark li stick, eyeliner and hair pulled back in a low ponytail. She drives.
18) 14) dialog: I will leave no stone unturned. I/E. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - G.W. BRIDGE - DAY 48 Stephanie drives into Manhattan playing Adele’s “HELLO.”
18) 15) dialog: I think that’s what Emily would want. She joins in singing the chorus of “HELLO” at top volume.
18) 16) dialog: “Hello from the outside / I must_have called a thousand times / To tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart ...
19) 0) text: It’s that awkward Be aye silence in a crowded elevator. A Stephanie rides, she eyes the faces around her. Skinny PROFESSIONAL WOMEN in sleek suits and stiletto heels. PROFESSIONAL MEN in suits with slick-backed hair. 50 37. Stephanie adjusts the knot on her scarf, pulling it tight She accidentally pulls it too tight, choking herself. She GASPS OUT A SMALL CHOKE SOUND, then plays it off as if it COUGH and THROAT CLEAR. Everyone stares at her. |. STEPHANIE . Allergies. It’s that wet spring we had. Nobody buys it. Dying of embarrassment, she pulls the kno looser as the doors open and Stephanie exits.
20) 1) text: White marble and chromium steel. White leather banquettes black lacquer side tables. The name DENNIS NYLON in giant silver letters. Stephanie works up her nerve as she approaches the chic RECEPTIONIST answering phones on head
20) 3) dialog: Hi. My name is -- (holding up a finger) Dennis Nylon, please hold.
20) 4) dialog: My friend works here. She’s Thanks for holding, how may I been missing for over a we-- direct your call?
20) 5) dialog: Her name is Emily Nelson. She’s the head of public relations.
20) 7) dialog: I know she’s not in. That’s Dennis Nylon, please hold. why I’m -- Stephanie lurches across the counter and presses the hang button, hissing at the young woman:
20) 8) dialog: I’m sorry, but - no, you know what? I’m not sorry. This is an emergenc A woman is missing. I need to talk wit “Mr. Nylon. Now.
20) 10) dialog: Then I’1l wait.
20) 12) dialog: I will. Thank you very much. 38. The receptionist gestures to the lobby seating area. Stephanie gives her a defiant look and takes a seat. She tries to lean back, but the back of the fashionable chair too far. She sits up straight, avoiding eye contact with receptionist, who just stares at her. The elevator doors open and DENNIS NYLON (40s, Tom Ford t walks out with his assistants, KIKO and DIEGO. Diego is v intense looking and a bit scary. As Dennis breezes past -
20) 13) dialog: Mr. Nylon!? He turns as Diego steps forward and puts himself between Dennis and Stephanie. Dennis looks at Stephanie with disd
20) 15) dialog: That's not -- We have a problem, sir.
20) 17) dialog: A friend of mine works in your publicity department--
20) 19) dialog: My Aunt Frieda gave it to me.
20) 21) dialog: I’m here because of Emily Nelson. Dennis pauses, staring at Stephanie with concern now.
20) 23) dialog: She's missing. She asked me to pick up her son nine days ago because apparently she was going to Miami and she never came back. Not a.call, not a text - and no one in your office seems to give a crap. Excuse my language.
20) 27) dialog: She works for you, right?
20) 30) dialog: Then what do you suggest I do?
20) 32) dialog: (as they walk away) It's Target, thank you very much. And we are friends. Best friends. Diego throws a scary look back at her as the receptionist tries to escort her out. Stephanie starts to stride off.
20) 33) dialog: I’1ll show myself out. She walks toward the elevators as the receptionist goes b to her desk. Stephanie looks over at the doorway to the cubicles area. Her eyes follow Dennis. He now looks upset She then sees an office door that reads: EMILY NELSON.
21) 0) text: Stephanie pauses in the doorway. She sees an INTERN pulli RACK OF GARMENT BAGS along the aisle that leads to Emily’ office. She darts behind the rack, moving stealthily. 52 53 54 40. She nods hello to the intern, trying to fit _in while wat through the tops of the hangers as Dennis, Diego and Vale enter Dennis’ glass walled office and close the door. Stephanie sees them talking intensely through the glass b can’t hear what they’ re saying as she approaches Emily’s office. But Dennis looks quite agitated. Diego listens, c Suddenly, THE RACK TAKES A SHARP TURN, EXPOSING STEPHANIE just as Diego turns and is about to see her. She quickly darts through a door next to her, closing it behind her.
22) 0) text: Stephanie leans against the door, nervous. To herself ...
22) 1) dialog: Deep breaths, deep breaths ...
22) 4) dialog: Oh, um, it’s Chanel.
23) 0) text: Stephanie peeks out the conference room, holding a long l of coffee orders. She sees Diego and Dennis still conferr in Dennis’ office. She ducks down so that she’s hidden by low cubicles and darts into ... INT. DENNIS NYLON HQ - EMILY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 54 Emily's office is immaculate, modern with no clutter. Her desk is a glass top on chromé legs. A small drawer unit s under it next to her minimalist desk chair. The wall in Emily’s office is glass and so Stephanie is completely exposed. She hunches down and duck-walks to th desk, staying below view of the workers in the cubicles. Stephanie tries to open the top drawer but it’s locked. T all are. She thinks, then pulls a hair pin out of her hai and tries to jimmy the lock in the top drawer with it. 55 41. She clearly has no idea how to pick a lock. After a beat, pin bends and springs out of her hand and lands out of re
23) 1) dialog: Motherfudger ... Just then, Valerie walks past Emily’s office, talking on headset, preoccupied and upset. Stephanie scrambles behin the drawer unit, hunching down low.
24) 0) text: Stephanie darts past the cubicles, speeding toward the ex She looks back at Dennis’ office. VALERIE IS NOW WATCHING HER, STARING SCARILY. As Stephanie then turns to run ... DIEGO STEPS OUT IN FRONT OF HER, grabbing her arms. She GASPS. He stares at her threateningly as Dennis steps up.
24) 2) dialog: to Dennis, in his face) You listen to me, you bargain basement Tom Ford. If you don’t have your goon take his hands off me right now, I’m gonna tell the moms who watch my vlog - the thousands of moms - that Dennis Nylon is an abusive creep who victimizes women and that they Should spread the word all over the internet to stop buying your overpriced, poorly-made garbage. Because if you losé moms, you lose business. Dennis looks at her like she’s nuts but clearly responds the threat of potential bad press. He pulls Diego’s arm o of Stephanie. 56 57 42.
24) 4) dialog: Well, tough nuts. It’s a free country. And I’11 escort my-self out, thank you. (to Diego, re: her arm) And you'd better pray I don’t have a bruise. Stephanie pushes past them and heads for the exit. As she walks away, she begins to smile to herself, suddenly feel very cool and empowered. She takes out the coffee order l looks at it, then crumples it up and tosses it coolly int trash can. She exits around the corner. After a beat, she comes back around the corner and takes crumpled list out of the garbage. She _uncrumples it, smo it on her knee and hands it to an ASSISTANT.
24) 5) dialog: They’ re waiting for these in the conference room. Please apologize to them for the delay. She gives the assistant an apologetic look and heads out.
25) 0) text: Stephanie slips into the elevator, then pulls out the let It’s an UNFLATTERING CANDID PICTURE OF EMILY, dressed in big army coat, her face drawn, hair unwashed. Underneath written in bold pen: “GOTTA HAVE FAITH.”
25) 2) dialog: “Gotta have faith?” (studying it) No wonder you don’t like to have your picture taken.
26) 0) text: THE UNFLATTERING PHOTO OF EMILY, copied to the point of blurriness, is STAPLED to a communi y bulletin board. Stephanie goes store to store in the small downtown area putting up fliers with the caption “HAVE YOU SEEN ME?” an otline number. Sean walks up and hands her a new stack. T exchange a sad smile. He’s grateful to her for all this. REVEAL Darren, Stacy and Sona watching from a Starbucks.
26) 7) dialog: Oh, perfect timing. Dinner’s ready. Sean stares at the table, then shakes his head.
26) 8) dialog: Did I do something wrong?
26) 10) dialog: Is it too much?
26) 12) dialog: You don’t believe in heaven.
26) 15) dialog: Of course. 59 60
26) 21) dialog: (anxious) Eat over the napkin. Try not to crumb. The boys ignore her and keep eating sloppily. Stephanie's curiosity gets the best of her. She creeps out onto ...
26) 34) dialog: I’m not a saint. I just like to keep my hands busy.
26) 36) dialog: She’s not dead. I know she’s not.
26) 38) dialog: Sean, you are a wonderful, caring, intelligent man. And Emily loves you dearly. Don’t you ever undersell yourself like that again. I won’t stand for it. 62 63 64 46. Sean stares at her, then smiles sadly. Nods. She smiles.
26) 39) dialog: Good. I’m going to go home. It’s “Flags of the World” day tomorrow at school and I haven’t even started on Asia. Stephanie moves to leave. As she passes Sean at the table reaches out and takes her wrist. She gasps and stops shor looking him in the eye. There’s genuine longing in his ga He quickly lets go of her wrist apologetically.
26) 41) dialog: Of course. I’m a problem-solver. I just wish I could do more.
26) 43) dialog: That’s where we are today, moms ... INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 63 We catch up to the VLOG from the very beginning.
26) 44) dialog: So, we're keeping our heads high and not jumping to conclusions. We're Soldiering on with zucchini cookies. But if you want to help, Emily was driving a WHITE KIA rented at the Budget at La Guardia on April 24th. I did some digging and found that the license plate was New York F as in Frieda, N as #2 Nicky, Z as in Zucchini, 1447. If any of you moms happen to see it, I’ve got asketful of rosemary shampoo bars with your name on them.
27) 0) text: Stephanie wears a robe and a towel turban over her wet ha Nefertiti-style. She opens her taptop, checking her e-mai We HEAR the voice of one of her MOMS as Stephanie reads.
27) 4) dialog: I'd like to speak to Detective Meany. 65 INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 65 The boys play in the next room. Sean pours a drink: there an even deeper level of anxiety on him. Stephanie sips te
27) 5) dialog: Meany sent all the info to local authorities in Michigan. Did Emily ever mention Michigan? Maybe a friend trom college?
27) 7) dialog: Well, that’s ... I’m flattered. But how is that possible?
27) 10) dialog: (with dread) The Nano Tote.
27) 13) dialog: Done. I’1l take care of Nicky. Go.
27) 15) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. I can see we have a flood of new viewers today, so welcome. But I’m sorry, this is probably not the best entry to start with. 67 68 69 70 48.
28) 1) dialog: Those of you who’ve been following the last few weeks, you know that my best friend went missing.
29) 2) dialog: So many of you wrote to me with your tips or hunches.
30) 1) text: CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATORS tag and bag various personal it strewn about a cabin lined with rusty bunk beds. STEPHANIE (V.O. Special thanks to Leanne Dippens, whose helpful tip led to a major break in the case. A GLOVED CSI HAND empties Emily’s handbag of its contents
31) 1) dialog: I have somber news ... DIVERS in tanks and goggles drag the bottom. Faint bubble pepper the surface in spots. One of the divers surfaces a waves his hand, pointing below. He found something.
31) 2) dialog: Emily was found. Sean’s face falls as the truth hits him hard. The Diver resurfaces with a BODY under his arm. The pale corpse of a woman, her loose hair hiding her face like seaweed. He swims toward the shore, tugging her along. STEPHANIE vo) Not alive, I’m afrai The police move in to meet him and take the body onto the land. Emily’s face is bloated, her eyes wide open, her li parted as if taking her last breath.
31) 3) dialog: My friend, my best friend . is dead. 71 72
32) 0) text: Sean is a wreck as he speaks to the MORTICIAN. Stephanie hangs back a few feet, supportive.
32) 4) dialog: (uncomfortable) She was very private. And very particular about how she looked.
32) 6) dialog: Missing tooth?
32) 8) dialog: (baffled) Did she lose it when she died?
33) 0) text: EMILY’S CASKET is lowered into a grave as a PRIEST delive sermon. Darren, Sona, Stacy, other parents, Dennis Nylon, Emily's co-workers, they’re all there. Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart. Nicky wea navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley ropes removed and the casket settles in. Stephanie glances at S whose eyes are red. Puts her hand on his arm. We see Dennis Nylon staring at Stephanie intently, thinki Stephanie looks over at him and he looks back at the prie before Stephanie sees he was watching. 73 74 50. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 73 Emily's funeral reception. People mill around. Stephanie food out on the buffet table. Darren sets his homemade brownies out on a crystal platter next to her. He and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile.
33) 1) dialog: Are those ...?
33) 3) dialog: I can’t believe you watch my vlog.
33) 6) dialog: I’m not a saint. Emily was my friend. She'd do the same thing for me.
33) 8) dialog: Thanks, Sona. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY 74 Nicky rips branches off a_ tree one by one. Angry and frustrated, he needs a release. Miles approaches Nicky fr behind, also in his suit.
34) 0) text: Stephanie notices the scuffle out the window and races --
34) 7) dialog: I’m not trying to be your new mom, sweetie.
34) 13) dialog: Sean, shhh. He’s a little boy. 76 52. All at once, Sean realizes what he’s done.
34) 17) dialog: Let’s everybody take a deep centering breath. We’re going to do one thing at a time. Let me talk to Nicky; and Sean, you get some ice for Miles’ nose. He’s got a good little shiner coming. Sean puts his hand on Miles’ shoulder, walking him inside Stephanie sits down on the grass next to Nicky.
34) 19) dialog: Well, you’re not my favorite dinner date eithér, Mister. But I think you should know everything you’re feeling right now is normal. You can act up all you want - but it won't change what I know.
34) 21) dialog: That you’re a good kid. From a distance, SEAN turns to see Stephanie calmly sitti across from Nicky, like a snake-charmer. He stares sadly. STEPHANIE FROM A DISTANCE) (CONT’D) So let’s sit here and not talk. Let’s just sit here and feel lousy and watch the grass grow. Sometimes you just need to feel what you’re feeling. Until it gets better. ome is the only medicine. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - STAIRS - DUSK 76
34) 22) text: Stephanie carries a sleeping, spent Nicky upstairs INTO H ROOM. She lays him on his bunk. Miles is asleep in the up bunk. Stephanie kisses Nicky’s forehead and slips out ... 77 78 53.
34) 25) dialog: Sean, I don’t know ... SEAN ; I’ll stop. I’1l stop if you’re sure you want me to. His hands move lower ... to her ass. She inhales sharply doesn’t stop him. His hand slides between her legs. It’s a long time. His fingers move rhythmically. Her breathing picks up. He hikes up her black dress, eaSing down her underpants. She grabs his wrist to stop him.
35) 1) text: Sean hurls her on the bed and climbs on top of her. As sh reaches down to unbuckle his belt, he grabs her wrists an pins them to the bed. She VISUALIZES -- SEAN PINNING EMILY’S WRISTS TO THE BED THE EXACT SAME WAY Stephanie tries to shake off the image as he kisses down body to between her legs. She writhes in brutal ecstasy a goes down on her, pinning her hands down.
35) 2) dialog: Oh my god ... oh my god... no... She fights it but it’s too late. Her body arches and twit with a groan of intense pleasure. Yells in ecstacy.
35) 3) dialog: Ohhh, SUGAR-FREE CHRISTMAS CAKE! INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - LATER 78
35) 4) text: Stephanie and Sean lie in bed next to each other. Staring the ceiling in stunned disbelief. After several beats ... 79 80 81 54.
35) 5) dialog: Well, I think it was a lovely service. Very tasteful.
35) 7) dialog: Hi Moms. Stephanie here. In a time of so much grief, it’s important to find that silver lining.
36) 3) dialog: Fair is fair.
36) 5) dialog: (with a laugh) Oh god. You’re terrible. She playfully swats the back of his head. He winks and ki her shoulder. She smiles to herself, feeling powerful. Ha
37) 0) text: Pandora plays on Stephanie’s iPhone. Beyonce’s “GIRLS (RU THE WORLD).” Stephanie dances as she washes some dishes.
37) 1) dialog: Girls! We run this mother / Girls! We run this mother / Girls! We run this mother - Her back is turned when Sean opens the kitchen door, home from work. He watches her piving- Cracks a smile. She fee him there and turns, mortified.
37) 2) dialog: Oh my God. It was -- (grabs phone; stops it) I like to listen to hip hop when I cook. How embarrassing.
37) 4) dialog: Oh lord. He can I make you a_drink? Emily taugh "me how to make a Duke's martini. A flash of pain crosses Sean’s face at the mention of Emi
37) 5) dialog: Gosh, that was really insensitive of me.
37) 7) dialog: Sean ... how did she lose her tooth?
37) 9) dialog: Emily. The mortician said that she was missing her front tooth. She sure had a good falsie. I had no idea.
37) 11) dialog: Is that something she’d hide from you? 83 84 85 56.
37) 13) dialog: I made you guys cashew chicken with stir-— fry veggies. It’s almost ready. Miles and I will’ get out of your hair.
37) 15) dialog: I was really hoping you’d say that.
38) 1) text: Stephanie stands in the center of Emily’s living room, ta it all in. It’s impressive. She sees the Sonos remote. Sh runs her finger along it remembering Emily. Then she push the “on” button. A 60s FRENCH POP SONG begins to play. Emily listens sadly, then starts to enjoy the son She doe a little turn and ends up face to face with THE NI DE PAI OF EMILY, which stares back at her. Looking caught, Steph thinks for a second, then takes down the painting. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 85
38) 2) text: Sunlight pours into the ultra hip modern bedroom as the FRENCH POP SONG continues playing from the ceiling speake Stephanie slips off her worn moccasins and tiptoes, carry the painting to - EMILY’S CLOSET Stephanie looks with some trepidation at the array of sli designer clothes. Then, with a look of determination, she stops in for the first time as if into a tomb, She rests PAINTING against the wall. She’s so cautious it’s as if s certain it’s haunted. She pivots and she’s face to face w - a Dolce & Gabbana fitted silk dress. She holds it up to herself in the mirror. She can’t belie she's doing this. She pauses, reverent, respectful. But suddenly, excitement gets the better of her and she strip down to her bra and panties, unzips the dress, and steps it. She tries to tug up the zipper but she can’t get it u Frustrated, she yanks the zipper up by force. She studies her reflection in the mirror, jiking what she sees. She stands on tiptoe, simulating high heels 86 57. Stephanie moves to the closet where the designer shoes ar kept in their boxes: Prada, Jimmy Choo, YSL. She makes an Emily face and strikes poses in the mirror in time with t French song.
38) 3) dialog: (channeling Emily) “One’s not enough, ree’s too many, two's just right. Just like tits.” She smiles. The DOORBELL RINGS. Stephanie panics. She desperately tries to unzip the dress. Not happening. Stephanie races to the window and looks down. Sees a SEDA parked out front and Detective Meany at the front door. S GASPS as HE LOOKS UP AND SEES HER.
38) 5) dialog: (forced casual) Sure thing! Coming right down. (to herself) Shit, shit, shit. Oopsy. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 86 Trapped in the dress, Stephanie races downstairs, barefoo sti tugging at the zipper. She dives at the Sonos remote, turns it off and yanks open the door.
38) 6) dialog: Hi! Sorry! I was just - I left something here and Sean gave me the key. For when I bring Nicky home. We have an arrangement. A deal! I meant a very domestic deal.
38) 8) dialog: Ha! Ha ha. Well, I should hope not. (suddenly sérious) Sean's not home.
38) 10) dialog: Oh, really. Who? It was Stacy, wasn’t it?
38) 12) dialog: Of course. Entre vous. Ha ha. Stephanie clears the door, sweating, as Meany enters.
38) 14) dialog: Well, I have more than a few myself. Stephanie has a hard time sitting in the extremely tight dress, but she manages an awkward pose on the divan.
38) 16) dialog: She is. Was. It’s hard to get used to -
38) 19) dialog: I was getting there.
38) 21) dialog: Oh, they had their issues. But they loved each other. Intensely.
38) 23) dialog: I think the exact right amount of “intensely.”
38) 25) dialog: Normal issues. They were stressed out about money. Emily wanted to slow down. Detective Meany produces a DOCUMENT.
38) 27) dialog: Uh, I... no. I really don’t believe that. She liked very strong martinis, b--
38) 29) dialog: (reeling) But -- how could she keep that a secret? Not just from me. From Sean ...
38) 31) dialog: (composing herself) I’ve gotten to know him over the last few weeks -- as friends helping each other through a crisis.
39) 1) text: A YOUNGER STEPHANIE opens the door to TWO POLICEMAN with grave expressions. Without sound, they begin telling her about the accident with her husband and brother. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY - BACK TO PRESENT 88
39) 2) text: Stephanie regains her composure.
39) 3) dialog: Not really, no.
39) 5) dialog: That Ss a very rude way to put it. (a deep breath) The answer is no. Because it started after she died. People grieve in very different ways. We’ve been discreet; we've been respectful of her memory. No one knows. Not a single person in Warfield, not even the children. He stares at her a moment with a half-smile, toying with Meany finally leans in, going for the knockout.
39) 7) dialog: No, I ... I didn’t know that. (mocking) So, what are you saying? Sean hired a “hitman”? That he rubbed her out?
39) 9) dialog: Look, I don’t appreciate your attitude, quite frankly, Mr. Meany. { ou want to grill anybody, ou should ta to Emily's boss, Dennis Nylon. He couldn’t be more suspicious.
39) 11) dialog: Your theory doesn’t hold water. How does it explain the fake plane ticket? The rental car? Why drive to a Summer Camp in Michigan to do heroin? There’s plenty of good heroin right here in Connecticut! ++. I’m told.
39) 13) dialog: Those are the worst bread crumbs ever. You couldn't fill a Caesar salad with them. As he vanishes, Stephanie is deep in thought, confused, disgusted and finally ... determined. FRENCH POP KICKS IN INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 89
39) 14) text: With kitchen shears, Stephanie cuts the Dolce dress up th front and rips it off herself like Hulk. RRRIIIIIP!!! INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - HOME OFFICE - DAY 90 Stephanie goes ; through drawers, searching through Emily files and receipts, finding nothing much of interest. Pul out a large manila envelop that’s already been opened fro pile. Written on the envelope is “EM - CAN YOU SIGN THESE INSURANCE GUY NEEDS THEM ASAP - THANKS! S.” She looks ins the envelope but it’s empty. She looks a bit freaked. FROM OUTSIDE, WE SEE STEPHANIE THROUGH THE OFFICE WINDOW. THIS SOMEONE’S POV OR NOT? WE ARE UNSURE. 91 92 93 61. Stephanie stares at the writing on the envelope, thinking Suddenly, BANG! Stephanie GASPS as something hits the win Heart pounding, she stands and looks out the window. STEPHANIE’S POV: A BIRD is on the ground, dazed from hitt the window. It flops around a bit, recovers and flies off Stephanie catches her breath, recovering from the shock. she looks at the writing on the envelope again, puts it b in the pile and heads for the door.
40) 0) text: Happy, busy looking COEDS cross the paths en route to classes. Stephanie moves across the campus, deep in thoug
41) 1) text: As Stephanie rounds the corner, she sees Sean with a very attractive FEMALE T.A -- cool clothes, highlighted blonde hair. A younger version of Emily. Sean and the girl walk deep in flirty conversation. The girl laughs at a joke he makes and then touches his arm gently. They hug. Stephanie watches with a pit in her stomach. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY 93
41) 2) text: All seated around the table, Stephanie, Sean, Miles and N eat in silence. Stephanie looks tense, pre- occupied.
41) 4) dialog: What? Oh, Nicky, put Mr. Glass on Mr. Coaster please. Nicky rolls his eyes and moves his glass onto the coaster he crunches on his salad, confused.
41) 6) dialog: Those are just bread crumbs. Determined, he keeps crunching. Stephanie hesitates, then
41) 7) dialog: (to Sean) So how was work today?
41) 9) dialog: I can see how that might ... drive a man over the edge. 62. She's doing everything she can to contain her roiling sou
41) 19) dialog: Did you two hatch this up? Is this some game you’re playing? Like when you smash everything with trucks. You know what we say about lying?
41) 22) dialog: Hello? Is somebody there? She moves forward cautiously when suddenly, WHOOSH! A BIR bursts out of the bushes and flaps past her. Stephanie GA then hustles back inside the house, freaked.
41) 23) dialog: 
41) 26) dialog: ‘Night, Smooch. Stephanie gets up and heads for the door. NICKY, ; Don’t I get a kiss good night? Stephanie heads over to his bed.
41) 27) dialog: Qf course, you do. But you owe the oopsy jar a quarter for earlier. Stephanie leans over Nicky and pecks him on the cheek. As does, she smells something. Emily’s perfume? INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LAUNDRY ROOM - DUSK 96
41) 28) text: Preoccupied, Stephanie checks the pockets of the boys’ clothes before she throws them into the washer. She pause Nicky’s school clothes. Smells them. Emily’s perfume agai Then she turns inside-out the pockets from NICKY’S CORDUR to find: THE CHEVRON FRIENDSHIP BRACELET. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DUSK 97
41) 29) text: As Stephanie heads through the EXPOSED GLASS ROOMS, she g nervous in the fishbowl. 98 99 64. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DUSK 98 For just a brief moment, we WATCH STEPHANIE from outside glass house, froma distant, anonymous POV. Stephanie seem to sense someone behind the glass. She turns off the ligh INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DUSK 99 Stephanie heads into the room. She pauses at the window f moment. Sean comes up behind her and pulls her close.
41) 31) dialog: Sean, wait. We need to have a talk about Nicky’s laundry.
41) 33) dialog: The Captain Mom thing?
41) 35) dialog: I’m NOT a saint. And she knew that. If anybody knew it, it was her! Sean is confused by her demeanor.
41) 36) dialog: I smell her, Sean. I smell her on Nicky. Her perfume ... it’s like a ghost all over him, all over his corduroys.
41) 38) dialog: Am I? Because I also found this. She holds out the CHEVRON FRIENDSHIP BRACELET.
41) 40) dialog: A friendship bracelet I made for Emily.
41) 42) dialog: (deflating) Nicky and I were getting so close, but ... now the way he’s ta king, Sean, doesn’t _it worry you? Wouldn’t you think we should get him a_ psychologist? They can do a lot with play therapy: they | ave these plastic figures in a sandbox. mean, he’1ll smash all of them, but -
41) 44) dialog: Or maybe he’s telling the truth.
41) 46) dialog: There was something ... off.
41) 48) dialog: She said your mother wanted her to have that ring. She said she insisted. Sean sits on the bed. He laughs darkly and shakes his hea
43) 2) dialog: How could you stay with her?
43) 5) dialog: That’s what every woman wants to hear.
43) 7) dialog: You did? That’s ... wonderful.
43) 10) dialog: What? Sean. It’s too soon. What will people think?
43) 12) dialog: I don’t do threesomes. We should get that out in the open right now.
43) 14) dialog: Your T.A.? You and Emily had your little «+. thing with her.
43) 16) dialog: steels herself) Why did you take out a 4 million dollar insurance policy on her? 103 104 68.
43) 19) dialog: (eyes wide, then) I love you, too. MUSIC UP: MALA RODRIGUEZ'S “FUERZA” starts to play ... INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 103 AS THE SONG PLAYS, Stephanie takes Emily’s clothes out of closet and hangs them in garment bags. She replaces them her own clothes, less chic, more flowy. Eileen Fisher. Sh raps along in Spanish, feeling empowered.
43) 20) dialog: Me da igual gue estes ciego, no soy tu parienta / Facil la cabeza te rebientan / Se aplican sentencias en mi, andares influencias... She enters STEPHANIE'S CLOSET - - coming face-to-face with the NUDE PORTRAIT. Avoiding ey with it, Stephanie pulls down the designer shoe boxes an lifts the Tias to ogle the amazing shoes. Stephanie GASPS find one of the Manolo Blahnik’s contains a LADY PISTOL.
43) 21) dialog: Oh my God. In shock, Stephanie picks up the gun awkwardly, pinching barrel. She glances around the room, trying to figure out where to put it. She eyes the night stand drawer alongside Emily’s bed. Sh opens it to find a GIANT HOT PINK GLASS DILDO. Stephanie GASPS and returns the lady pistol to its original shoe bo and shoves it back on a high shelf, completely weirded ou EXT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - DAY 104 AS THE SONG CONTINUES, A “FOR SALE” sign goes up outside Stephanie’s house with the name and info of a local realt 105 106 107 108 109 69. INT. STEPHANIE’S HOUSE - DAY 105 AS THE SONG CONTINUES, Stephanie takes down all personal affects: Miles’ art work and their family pictures as she continues to rap in Spanish:
43) 22) dialog: Niflas con deporte lo hacen con elegancia / Yo, tengo presencia ... EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAY 106 AS THE SONG CONTINUES, Stephanie carries boxes of stuff f a U-Haul truck to the front door. She’s moving in with Se INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 107 AS THE SONG CONTINUES, Stephanie continues to rap as she unzips her dress down’to her bra and underwear. She goes the closet to hang it back up, so happy.
43) 23) dialog: Disfruta quitale importancia / No te quejes tanto, tos tuvimos infancia -- When she slides open the door, her rap stops WITH A GASP: ALL OF EMILY’S CLOTHES ARE BACK IN THE CLOSET, HANGING EXACTLY AS THEY WERE BEFORE STEPHANIE REMOVED THEM.
43) 24) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. I want to start with something a bit different today.
43) 26) dialog: I try to avoid any talk of religion on this vlog: because I don’t want to offend our non-denominational moms. But I do believe we live on after we die. In some fashion. So Emil - if you’re out there «+. and you can ear me, I wanted to tell you a few things. We all miss you more than I can say. Nicky knows that you’1l always be his mom. No one will ever replace you. But he no longer cries at night, like he used to. I know you wouldn't want that. And I want you to know that I_am preparing the most nutritious food for him. I can never take your place. All I can do is love the people you used to love and try to_ make their lives better. Which is what I know you would want. Rest in peace, my dear est friend. Wherever you are. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - DAY 109 Stephanie drives Miles and Nicky home from school. They e have a superhero figurine and crash them against each oth Stephanie glances in the rear view getting stressed out. 70.
43) 27) dialog: It’s getting a little too rough back there, guys.
43) 30) dialog: Okay! The dolls go in your backpacks or they’re going in the trash! Now!
43) 37) dialog: Who is this? 114 71.
43) 39) dialog: Tell me where you are.
43) 43) dialog: Why are you doing this?
43) 45) dialog: What do you mean?
43) 47) text: Stephanie drives, gripping the steering wheel.
44) 1) text: Stephanie heads into the red brick building. INT. CONNECTICUT COLLEGE - SEAN’S OFFICE - DAY 114
44) 2) text: Sean corrects essays at his desk. Stephanie rushes in.
44) 4) dialog: Are you trying to “Diabolique” me?
44) 6) dialog: There's a French movie about this gu whose wife and mistress team up to kill him. But then it turns out that he’s in cahoots with the mistress to give the wife a heart attack so they can collect her_ inheritance. But I don’t have a four million dollar life insurance policy, so I can’t figure out why you’re trying to
44) 9) dialog: What about the missing tooth? And the heroin? How could she just happen _to be on heroin? We have to dest the police.
44) 11) dialog: She called me today. from the embrace.
44) 13) dialog: She called me, Sean. She knew things about me that I’ve never told anyone else. She’s been watching us --
44) 21) dialog: Maybe she has some extra heroin lying around.
44) 23) dialog: You're right. I’m sorry, I - I think I’m just overwhelmed. Sorry to bother you at work and sorry about your... smart board. She leaves quickly. Sean stares after her, then furrows h brow, sinking deep into thought. 115 INT. EMILY’S CLOSET - DAY 115 Stephanie stands in front of the NUDE PAINTING OF EMILY, studying the pretty, enigmatic face ...
44) 25) text: The fireplace is blazing. Emily and Stephanie nurse marti Half-drunk, watching the fire.
44) 26) dialog: I have you. All I need is a good friend. EMILY, ; But don’t you miss sex? Having a man throw you down and ravage you?
44) 27) dialog: I barely remember what it’s like. 74.
44) 29) dialog: I had a man. And I ruined it.
44) 32) dialog: No.
45) 0) text: A BBQ is in full swing. Stephanie is talking to her broth Chris, more like flirting. She wears a sundress and a ponytail, looking beautiful. She laughs as they talk. MILES (age 2) tugs her skirt. Chris grabs his “nephew” an tosses him in the air, too high £ for safety. Miles laugh wildly, but Stephanie’s panic There’s a loud KNOCK on the window pane of the kitchen. H husband DAVIS (40) watches, enraged. Stephanie scoops up Miles in her arms and heads ...
46) 2) dialog: What are you talking about?
46) 4) dialog: He’s my brother, Davis.
46) 6) dialog: Of course he is! My GOD, Davis, that’s ridiculous. Listen to yourself. 75. Davis moves to the sink and tosses the dish into it with loud CRASH. He walks out the back screen door INTO THE YA Stephanie watches, her stomach in her throat. Then: CRASH! Miles throws his bowl of Cheerios down on the floo and applauds with laughter! Stephanie looks out the windo She can’t see Davis or Chris. Panicked, she races TO THE FRONT DOOR and throws it open. She sees Davis and Chris heading toward the driveway together.
46) 7) dialog: Where are you going?
46) 9) text: Tears roll down Stephanie’s cheeks to remember.
46) 10) dialog: It’s all my fault. They’re both dead because of me ...
46) 12) dialog: I miss him...
46) 14) dialog: Both of them. I’m so lonely ... I think loneliness probably kills more people than cancer. Emily strokes her hair. They hold each other’s gaze. Face close. Both a bit drunk. Emily leans in and plants a kiss Stephanie’s mouth. Stephanie melts into it. Parting her l Tongues intertwined. Stephanie wants this. Emily pulls ba Stephanie is mortified by her gaping desire, so obvious n Emily is totally casual. It was just a moment for her.
46) 16) dialog: Oh my god. I’m so embarrassed.
46) 18) dialog: I have to go.
46) 20) text: Stephanie picks up the painting, then notices the top of writing hidden by the frame e pops off the frame, revealing THE SIGNATURE OF THE ARTIST hidden under the matting: DIANA HYLAND. Stephanie gets a determined look. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - G.W. BRIDGE - DAY 121 Stephanie drives to the city. The PAINTING rides shotgun.
47) 0) text: The painting in hand, Stephanie rings the buzzer.
47) 2) dialog: Diana Hyland? Did you paint this? The door just buzzes - and Stephanie pushes her way in, trying to protect the painting from the weighted door.
48) 0) text: DIANA (50s) is a punky, severe artist with plaster in her hair and a Sex Pistols T-Shirt. She studies the old portr as Stephanie’s eyes look around nervously. REVEAL there a paintings of knives everywhere. ALSO, REAL KNIVES OF ALL SHAPES AND SIZES FILL THE STUDIO. There’s bad energy in h
48) 2) dialog: I should start by giving you some unfortunate news. Emily is dead.
48) 4) dialog: The girl. In the painting. Diana absorbs this a beat. Then ...
48) 6) dialog: (thrown; regroups) Wow, I ... What happened? Diana gazes at the painting, nostalgic. She picks up a dangerous looking knife. ays with it absentmindedly as sh talks. Stephanie looks nervous, her eyes on the knife.
48) 8) dialog: Yeah, I keep hearing that.
48) 13) dialog: A ghost?
48) 15) dialog: Did you cover any dental work? 78. Diana stops. Seems to come back to reality.
48) 17) dialog: Any heroin use you ever saw?
48) 21) dialog: (standing her ground) Yeah, I get that a lot. I really hate when people say that.
48) 23) dialog: Only after they’re dead. Diana stops right in front of Stephanie, inches away, the knife between them, the blade close to Stephanie’s face Stephanie stares her down. Diana smirks.
48) 25) dialog: She drown in a lake at some summer camp in Michigan. High on heroin.
48) 27) dialog: Not for a second. I’m sure she’s alive. Diana studies Stephanie, then smiles and heads to a CHEST the edge of the room, opening it to reveal S&M EQUIPMENT.
49) 0) text: As Stephanie exits, she leaves a message for Sean.
49) 1) dialog: Sean, Stephanie. I thought about what you said and you're right. These are stages of grief. This whole experience has been stressful for both of us. I need to hit the reset button, as Emily would say. I need a day or two to be by myself. I’m going to have Sona pick up the boys and et them sleep at her place tonig t so they can play with Hector and Ashley. You should take some time too. There’s mango and quinoa stew in the freezer. Five minutes in the micro. Don’t forget to stir. Lots of love. INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO (MOVING) - HIGHWAY - DUSK 125 Stephanie drives, on a mission. The radio plays a HIP-HOP STATION. Rihanna’s “BITCH BETTER HAVE MY MONEY.”
49) 2) dialog: “Bitch better have my money! / Y'all should know me well enough / Bitch better have my money! Please don't call me on my bluff / Pay me what you owe me / Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted ... “ So much for the oopsy jar.
50) 0) text: Stephanie pulls into a Michigan roadside motel, seedy and almost empty. She gets out and heads to the MAIN OFFICE. 127 128 129 80. INT. MICHIGAN MOTEL - STEPHANIE’S ROOM - NIGHT 127
50) 1) text: Stephanie sits on the bed in a dingy room, making a call the land line. A commercial for LITTLE DEBBIE CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES plays on the TV. Stephanie stares at it, then ..
50) 2) dialog: Oh, hi there, my name is - Deborah. Little Deborah. Panicking, she glances quick at a cheesy painting of roll hills. Lying like this is new to her and she’s lousy at i
50) 3) dialog: I mean, Hills. Deborah Hills. My friends call me Little. Off-topic, sorry. So ... I’m looking for a summer camp for my son who is refusing his Bible study like Lima beans. I hate to be pushy but I travel a lot and I won’t be back in town. for a while. Could I tour your facility tomorrow morning?
51) 1) text: Stephanie’s car drives through the front gates of a rundo campground. A sign reads “SQUAW LAKE BIBLE CAMP” with a b crucifix on it. The place is the definition of creepy.
52) 0) text: The owners of the cam MARYANNE and BOBBY CHELKOWSKY, both 40s, upbeat and out o " shape in their Squaw Lake Bible C attire, stroll alongside Stephanie through the campground toward the lake where Emily’s body was found.
52) 2) dialog: Well, it just seems perfect. (looking at the lake) My son is practically a por, poise. He's going to love swimming in this pond.
52) 5) dialog: Ha ha, that’s a good one. So funny. (then) Is it safe, though? Didn’t I read somewhere that someone just drown in it? 130 81. Bobby and Maryanne exchange a worried look. Try to recove
52) 8) dialog: Well, that’s great news. Hey, do you have any old photo albums or yearbooks I can look at? I think there’s no better review of a camp than the faces of the campers.
53) 0) text: An overhead bare bulb illuminates the musty basement. Cob and dust coat everythin Stephanie sifts through a box of old books. She pulis out a stack of “SQUAW LAKE BIBLE CAM YEARBOOKS,” scanning to SUMMER 2000. Stephanie flips through book after book. Not quite sure w she’s looking for, studying the young faces. Finally a SINGLE IMAGE grabs her: TWO IDENTICAL TWIN GIRL (AGE 9), their arms around each other. They’re lean, fair blue-eyed. There’s a vague resemblance to Emily. Could it Suddenly the names grab Stephanie: HOPE AND FAITH MCLENNA
53) 1) dialog: Hope and ... Faith? Stephanie pulls out the UNFLATTERING FAXED PICTURE: “GOTT HAVE FAITH.” STEPHANIE TAKES OUT HER PHONE AND SNAPS A PICTURE OF THE TWINS. She starts rifling through the page seeing and SNAPPING PHONE PICS of a SERIES OF AWARDS PAGE The MCLENNAN SISTERS won nearly every ribbon: FASTEST
53) 5) dialog: Well, my son gets homesick. I like to prepare him. I hope you don’t mind me taking some snaps. I thought I’d show him a bunch of these fun photos. (showing the yearbook) Boy, these McLennan sisters sure got on a winning streak. They must have been popular. Bobby looks ashen - as if he’s seen a ghost. His eyes nar
53) 7) dialog: Are you suggesting they cheated in the hot dog eating competition?
53) 9) dialog: The contest? Or the twins? He stares at her coldly now, fun no more. A tense smile.
53) 11) dialog: Is this the McLennan Foundation? There’s a fumbling pause, and then:
53) 13) dialog: Hi there! My name is Maryanne Chelkowsky, I'm the director of Squaw Lake Bible camp- 132 133 83.
53) 15) dialog: Well, we are planning the fiftieth anniversary reunion edition of our Camp Gazette ... and I’m trying to track down some of our star alumni! Do you happen to be of any relation to Hope and Fait McLennan? A second phone picks up and another voice comes on, BRUCE (60s), THE CARETAKER:
53) 21) dialog: Yes, Bruce, I was just speaking to Mrs. McLennan about our 50th reunion-- Click. The line goes dead. Stephanie knows she hit paydir
54) 0) text: Stephanie has pulled onto the shoulder of the road, staki out a SPRAWLING MANSION, a near-ruin of dingy columns and colonnades. Vines have grown over a monogrammed gate. The lineage of some great industrialist family has ended with whimper here. As she moves along a gate, she sees - the WEST WING OF TH MANSION has been completely BURNED DOWN. It’s charred rub has been jpartitioned off with plywood and tarps, blowing ghost sails in the wind. Stephanie stops at the MAILBOX where she pulls out the da mai She races back to her car as the rain turns to hail.
55) 0) text: She sorts through the mail: Bills for BRUCE HARGRAVE. A massive CATALOG for Margaret Mclennan: “OLD MONEY STYLE: VANDERBILT ON A VAN-DE-KAMP’S BUDGET.” 84. Stephanie perks up as she sees BRUCE (60s), walking out o the house in coveralls with a hunting shotgun over his shoulder. He’s an old caretaker with a ghoulish quality. hops into his old truck and takes off down the driveway.
55) 1) dialog: Take your time, Bruce. Here’s Stephanie’s chance. Deftly, she ties a handkerchie over her head like a 50s HOUSEKEEPER, grabs freshly purch cleaning equipment (mop, bucket, feather duster) out of a Target bag, and rushes out into "the storm.
56) 0) text: Stephanie rings the bell. We can tell she’s been at the d for a while. She rings the doorbell again, which echoes i vast chasm inside. She bangs a last time. Then, like the lid of a coffin, the door creeps open anda FRAIL HAND appears in the crease. An old woman’s eyes pee out at Stephanie in the slanting rain.
56) 1) dialog: Mrs. McLennan? Hello! I’m Gloria. I’m from the cleaning service. Mrs. McLennan stares back with bewildered eyes.
56) 3) dialog: Oh, goodness. Did Bruce not tell you? He Said I was supposed _to clean the entire house until you could eat a four-course meal off the floors. Did I get the date wrong? The old woman makes a hard, irritable face. She closes th door. Dammit. But then it opens again, unlatched and pull wide for her.
57) 1) text: Her plan has backfired as Stephanie, in rubber gloves, cl an extremely dirty toilet. Exasperated, she looks up at a giant JESUS portrait over the toilet. She eyes him, guilt
57) 2) dialog: (to the portrait) Well, it’s not_lying if I’m really cleaning the place.
58) 1) text: As Stephanie wanders with her bucket, lightning flashes i the gauzy curtains. She looks at old’ pictures of SCOWLIN INDUSTRIALISTS on the wall. She finally stops at one pict - HOPE AND FAITH. They stare ahead with hard faces, arm-i arm, as if unified against the photographer. 85.
59) 0) text: As Stephanie feeds wood onto the fire, Mrs. McLennan is n seated on her red velvet chair, thumbing through an “OLD MONEY STYLE CATALOG.” Stephanie sees a massive FORMAL PORTRAIT of a younger Mrs. McLennan in an evening gown ab the grand piano.
59) 1) dialog: I couldn't help but notice that lovely picture of your daughters.
59) 3) dialog: Nothing, no. I was just commenting on how beautiful they are. You must be a very proud mother. Mrs. McLeannan clears her throat and leans forward. She s to have lost track of who Stephanie is without the head w
59) 5) dialog: Oh, I’m not looking for any money.
59) 7) dialog: I’m afraid not. MRS. MCLENNAN . What good are you then? Where is Bruce?
59) 8) dialog: Bruce has gone out for a while. So your daughter Faith ...? She had some troubles, I take it.
59) 10) dialog: That's a very strong statement coming from a mother.
59) 12) dialog: I am. I love every minute of it.
59) 14) dialog: No, thank you. Sweet of you to offer.
59) 16) dialog: So what ever happened to Faith?
59) 18) dialog: She was using drugs?
59) 20) dialog: Mrs. McLennan. Do you recognize anyone in this picture? Stephanie thrusts the picture in front of the old woman’s eyes. Suddenly, some recognition seems to come into her oblivious features. She looks back at Stephanie with a ne expression of fear.
59) 22) dialog: No, ma‘am. I’m not even sure-- Are you the police?
59) 23) dialog: No, no, I’m just asking -
59) 25) dialog: A fire burned down the west wing?
59) 27) dialog: Yes.
59) 31) dialog: Thank you very much for your time, Mrs. McLennan. We'll process your order for the faux Chanel suit in ivory and the taupe scarf ... we’ll put a rush on it. She bolts to the front door, hurriedly unlatching lock un
60) 0) text: - she’s outside, dashing back to her car. 139 INT. STEPHANIE’S VOLVO - AFTERNOON 139 Hands shaking, Stephanie starts the car and drives quickl down the driveway, looking back in her rearview mirror fo Bruce. She looks forward and GASPS, slamming on the brake
60) 1) text: DRIVEWAY GATES CLOSED BEHIND HIM. Looking like an ax murderer, BRUCE stands in her headlights. He slowly start walk forward. Stephanie is hyperventilating as he comes to her window. eyes are wide. Should she try to ram the gate? It’s too heavy. Bruce taps on the window with the barrel of his shotgun. Sweating, she rolls it down, her face pale.
61) 0) text: Stephanie approaches the LIBRARIAN'S DESK.
61) 1) dialog: Hi. I’m looking for all arson-related news items from Wayne County in 2001.
61) 3) dialog: Holy smokes. Stephanie scrolls the article, collecting phrases like “trapped in the house”... “suspicion of arson”... “possib abduction”...
61) 5) text: Stephanie addresses the camera from her motel room. 89.
61) 6) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. I’m coming to you today from Michigan for a special on- the-road edition. As you all know, I've been struggling to find closure around the tragic death of my best friend. So I drove to the lake where she drowned, just seeing if I could dredge up a little something. 142 INT. WARFIELD INN - EMILY’S MOTEL ROOM - DAY 142 Emily watches the VIDEO vlog of Stephanie, slack-jawed.
61) 8) dialog: At first, I just couldn't figure why anyone would drive to Michigan just to shoot heroin and jump in a lake. (a smile) I could only” figure that this particular watering hole had sentimental value.
61) 10) dialog: Turns out, it was the site of many a canoe racé for Camp Squaw Lake, a Bible Camp that only a_saint could love. I had to dig throu plenty of camp journals: they had no ining system. But I finally found a picture of Emily. Or Claudia. She holds up the SQUAW LAKE BIBLE CAMP GAZETTE PICTURE.
61) 12) dialog: It’s like looking at an angel, isn’t it, moms? And it gave me the closure I needed. It made me feel closer to her than I’ve ever felt. Almost like a sister. So, wherever you are, Emily ... I really HOPE you’re listening ... you’ve gotta have Faith.
61) 14) dialog: Mom’s home! Miles flies at her and hugs her as Nicky rounds the corne
61) 15) dialog: Oh, Smooch. I missed you. 90. Miles glances over at the table, suddenly looking caught guilty. There’s a glass of milk without a coaster under i
61) 17) dialog: You know what? Forget Mr. Coaster. Mr. Glass can stand wherever he wants.
61) 21) dialog: I thought we all needed a breather. I know I feel like a million bucks. Stephanie heads up the stairs.
61) 22) dialog: (under her breath) Maybe even four million. Sean studies her, suspicious now. 144 INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT Stephanie emerges from the bathroom in a nightgown carryi her clothes. Séan watches her from the bed.
61) 26) dialog: I’m just tired. It was a long drive and the Stuckey’s isn’t sitting well. 145 146 91. Stephanie climbs into bed and turns on her side, her back Sean. He eyes her, writhing inside. She’s wrapping him ar her finger now.
61) 28) dialog: I know just what you mean. Good night. She reaches over and turns off the lamp beside her bed. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - OFFICE - DAY 145 stephanie sits at Sean’s desktop computer and clicks on t hard drive. Everything is neatly organized.
61) 29) dialog: Follow the money ... She finds the folder labeled FAMILY FINANCE and opens it. Sees INSURANCE EMILY-2 and clicks on the PDF. It opens up standard confirmation letter from Allied Insurance. She scrolls to the bottom for the customer service number. Di
61) 30) dialog: Hi, my name is Beth. I’m calling on behalf of my boss Sean Townsend regarding his wife Emily Nelson's policy. (gading account nu CT7602258. Do you know the name of the agent who handles that account? INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 146 Stephanie opens a fake e-mail account under the name bhargrave@gmail.com, then drafts an e-mail to iprager@alliedinsurance.com.
61) 31) dialog: “Dear Mr. Prager .-.. My name is Bruce Hargrave. I’m writing to you about a case you’re handling for Emily Nelson, recently deceased. I have been the caretaker of her family estate for many years. What I have to say will sound crazy, but years ago, m aan loyer died in a house fire. His teen aug) ters, Hope and Faith, disappeared without a_ trace. I’m attaching an old photo as well as some articles about the fire. I have reason_to believe one of the girls died recently under the name Emily Nelson. Before you shell out that money, you should know that she had a TWIN SISTER. And while it may sound extreme to think a gizi could kill her twin to stage her own leath, I’m sure you run into a myriad of strange situations in your line of work. (thinks ) While I want to see justice served, I prefer to be left out of this. Please consider this an anonymous tip. Best wishes, Bruce Hargrave. 147 92. Stephanie’s cursor hovers over the SEND button. And ... CLICK. Stephanie lets out a long slow exhale.
62) 27) dialog: Here he is now. Sean looks up to see Stephanie sitting on the couch with ISAAC PRAGER (40s), a goughy » pedantic CLAIMS ADJUSTER. stands and holds dae his hand.
62) 29) dialog: Sean, did you know that Emily had a twin sister? Sean stops, eyes wide, putting it all together. Then ...
62) 31) dialog: The woman in the lake was her sister.
62) 33) dialog: So, where’s Emily?
62) 36) dialog: Will you need to exhume the body? Sean shoots her a look, shocked by her macabre question.
62) 38) dialog: I see. Like the missing front tooth. Sean is boiling inside as he looks at Stephanie.
62) 41) dialog: Or a missing tooth.
62) 49) dialog: Did I? Why didn’t you?
62) 51) dialog: Sean, baby « You sound crazy. Maybe you should take a Xanax. Take two. She heads back to the kitchen. He watches her go, reeling
62) 53) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. Today we're talking about Tombstone Tributes. I want to thank Helen from Missoula, Montana, for thinking out of the box.
63) 0) text: Blue skies, green grass and headstones as far as the eye see. Stephanie stands at Emily’s geave site. Opens a smal cooler and takes out a silver” shaker and two frozen glas
63) 1) dialog: It doesn’t have to be flowers anymore. A favorite household item can do the trick. And Emily’s favorite treat was a dry gin martini in the early afternoon. She puts the martini glasses on Emily’s headstone. Stepha ours each glass to the rim. Peels two large twists from a emon, squeezes one over each glass and rubs them around e rim, then drops one in each glass. STEPHANIE (V.O. I’m gonna make them exactly like Emily did. Frozen gin into frozen glasses and a generous twist. Her beloved Dukes. And 'm going to have a toast on her grave. A FIGURE approaches behind Stephanie. It’s Emily in her w and glasses. Stephanie can hear her approach but doesn’t turn. Emily stands alongside her, studying the headstone.
63) 3) dialog: Men are so simple. Emily reaches for the martini glass.
63) 5) dialog: The student becomes the master. 97. Emily winces at the cliche, but clinks with Stephanie.
63) 8) dialog: You think I poisoned both drinks? That’s not t style. owning her martini) I don" t even eat gluten. Emily throws back her martini, facing Stephanie for a due
63) 10) dialog: Bring it on. But first tell my why you killed your father and sister.
63) 12) dialog: Try me. I hold the cards, Emily. I want to know about “Faith.” Emily looks at Stephanie, who stares her down defiantly.
63) 14) dialog: Quite a mother. I had a nice afternoon with Mags. She likes her martinis even stronger than yours.
63) 16) dialog: We had_a little walk down memory lane. Actually it was more of a blind alley. But I got the picture. She was a cold woman, Em. I doubt you could ever do anything right in her eyes. Thrown for a loop, Emily looks childlike and exposed.
63) 17) dialog: Was it Faith’s idea to set that fire? 151 152 153 154 155 156 98. Emily just stares at her, trying to hide her surprise.
63) 18) dialog: You've got nothing to hide from me, Hope. If you can’t tell your best friend, who can you tell?
64) 0) text: Dead of night. Hope and Faith (16) carefully open the sec floor window and climb down on expensive tapestries cinch together. Hand in hand, they run past ... STEPHANIE ore Don’t you think I understand? «+. a vigilant BRUCE sitting by the caretaker’s shack.
65) 0) text: Emily is staring back. STEPHANIE (V.O rd. You were sixteen years ol It’s that age when you feel trapped. EXT. LAKE’S EDGE - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 153 A bonfire burns in the middle of a field. Teens hang out drink, dance, make out. Faith makes out with a CUTE BOY. watches them’ kiss with a mix of envy and_concern ... unt she sees her FATHER’S CAR rolling downhill toward them.
65) 1) dialog: And if your mother always had the biting comment ...
66) 1) dialog: +. I bet your father was more direct.
67) 1) dialog: I know that’s when you learned to hit the reset button. Burn, baby, burn.
68) 0) text: This time Emily is seduced by Stephanie. There’s warmth a forgiveness in Stephanie’s voice, which prompts Emily to against her own headstone, pouring herself a second marti
68) 1) dialog: When did you and Faith part ways? 157 158 159 99.
72) 1) dialog: But you never showed up. Emily shakes her head. She sips the martini.
72) 7) dialog: You wouldn't meet her in New York: you had too much to lose. So you fabricated a trip to Miami, and went back to meet her at your old camp.
73) 2) dialog: It must have been a shock. Seeing her again after all those years.
74) 3) dialog: And did she forgive you? Behind Emily’s shoulder, we PUSH IN ON FAITH’S FACE as he smile dissipates and hardens into a deep-seated rage.
75) 0) text: Emily stands in silence. Stephanie has got her now, like perfect den motherly prosecutor, slowly reeling her in.
75) 1) dialog: And how did you get your sister out into the lake?
79) 2) dialog: You’re lying. You drowned her. You're a sister killer.
79) 4) dialog: What does Sean know?
79) 8) dialog: You're a pathological liar.
79) 17) dialog: All of this was for a little money.
79) 19) dialog: Was I a loose end?
79) 21) dialog: You were supposed to lay low. Why did you come back at all? Emily glares back at her, offended now.
79) 23) dialog: So what happens now?
79) 25) dialog: I don’t want Sean. Not after this. A flicker of satisfaction on Emily’s face. They wait quie Then Emily breaks the silence.
79) 27) text: Stephanie lies in bed, back to Sean, snoring in a deep sl
79) 28) dialog: Sleeping like a log. She slowly, gingerly slides her leg off the bed, toe find the floor, her body slinking out behind it. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 169
79) 29) text: She logs onto the Connecticut College website. She types Sean’s email into user slot: stownsend@conncollege. com, enters the password. Waits. She’s in. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 170 Stephanie plants _a DOCUMENT in the glove compartment of Sean’s car and closes it. She’s wearing Emily’s leather gloves. Stephanie quietly closes the door and_ clicks the on the key fob. She tiptoes into the house, closing the d
80) 17) dialog: I can’t let you in. I’m sorry.
80) 19) dialog: Upstairs sleeping. You have to go.
80) 21) dialog: This is an ongoing investigation, Sean, I can’t let you into this house until this whole big hoo-ha is solved. 174 175 176 107.
80) 23) dialog: This has nothing to do with Emily.
80) 25) dialog: Shhhh, the boys are sleeping --
80) 27) dialog: I don’t understand anything right now. I just need to be alone and take care of the boys. Stay in a hotel tonight. Please. Don’t make me call the police. Sean looks at her, stunned. He backs away, Shaking his he Stephanie watches as Sean gets in his car and peels out o her driveway. She heaves a long slow sigh of relief.
81) 0) text: stephanie bakes cookies. But there’s no Jy in pinching th little dough clumps onto the greased pan his is an act of survival. She sees her cell phone vibrating on the counte We hear Sean on VOICEMAIL, forcibly calm and sincere.
87) 5) dialog: His niece? 109.
87) 23) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. I’m so grateful for all the love and support you’ve been sending my way.
87) 25) dialog: And as shocked as you are by the latest turn of events, no one is more stunned than me. Emily had her secrets and so did her husband. Clearly, I was the naive romantic who got caught in the middle. I hope you’ 11 forgive me in advance for what I’m about to do... EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - SIDE YARD - DAY 185 Mustering her anger and courage, Stephanie stalks ...
87) 29) dialog: I used to live here, remember? 111.
87) 31) dialog: Hold on. Not another step.
87) 33) dialog: (cocking the gun) Well, there’s a time and a place for everything.
87) 35) dialog: You used me, Sean. And for what? Free babysitting? Home-cooked meals? I had to wash those bicycle shorts.
87) 38) dialog: No more lying!
87) 41) dialog: (hurt, to Emily) All_I ever wanted was to be your friend, Emily. Emily stares back with sincere eyes.
87) 47) dialog: I’m going to say something. Objectively. Nicky deserves better than both of you.
87) 50) dialog: I loved you, Sean. And I loved you, Emily. This is the only way.
87) 52) dialog: Oh God! Oh no! Stephanie wails and rushes to Sean, draping over him.
87) 53) dialog: Don't die! Sean. Please, don’t die. I didn’t mean to do that. I’m so sorry -
87) 55) dialog: No, God, please. I got so caught up. But I love you, Sean. Don’t die. Emily sips her martini, suddenly completely calm. EMILY ; Oh yes, God, Sean. Please don’t die. (a long beat) Okay, cut the waterworks. Stephanie looks up at her, confused. Emily draws a gun.
87) 59) dialog: Thank you. You know that really means a lot to me. Emily nods back.
87) 60) dialog: But you already did confess, Em. And the police are on their way.
87) 63) dialog: You sent the cops to Darren’s house? 186 INT. DARREN’S HOUSE - AT THAT SAME MOMENT 186
87) 64) text: Darren, Sona and Stacy are having a “Moms Night” at Darre house. They're playing Pictionary and smoking pot as Stephanie’s OLD VLOGS play in the background. Sona is tak a long drag as she draws something indecipherable.
87) 74) dialog: You won’t kill me, Emily.
87) 76) dialog: Am I really your best friend? You’re not just saying that?
87) 78) dialog: Because I felt that way, too - but I worried it was just me. I mean, it’s so hard to connect with other Moms ...
87) 80) dialog: Oh, don’t pull that crap! What I do is work too, Emily. It’s a full time job! Emily chambers a bullet and steps ahead.
87) 81) dialog: I may not get paid for it, but believe me, being a mother is HARD WORK. And then I have my vlog on top of that. In fact, maybe you’d like to be on my vlog some time? Have you ever thought about that? (off Emily’s confuse look) Like ... right now? Killing us might just get me to a million subscribers. Stephanie points to the HIDDEN LIPSTICK CAMERA camouflage a FLOWER ARRANGEMENT by the stove.
87) 82) dialog: We're live streaming. And you just confessed. Wave hello to the moms! Emily locks eyes with Stephanie as it dawns on her - Stephanie has outsmarted her. Stephanie manages a light smile. Emily simply shakes her head.
87) 84) dialog: Stop! Emily! Emily stops and turns. Stephanie runs onto the front lawn
87) 85) dialog: It's over, Emily. You can’t outrun this. Think of Nicky. Don’t do it to him. You're still Lis mom.
87) 91) dialog: Hi, Moms. Stephanie here. Well, it’s a big day because this morning we signed up our one millionth subscriber, Mrs. Carol Findley of Ames, Iowa! Thanks for joining us, Carol. As our newest friend, you should know that in addition to my usual helpful tips and recipes, I am now also taking on any unsolved mysteries. Turns out I have a nose not only for sniffing out the freshest basil but also criminals who thought they got away with it. So, if you have a cold case or a mystery to unravel, drop me a line. But for now... let’s focus on my favorite cold soup: gazpacho!
89) 1) text: Emily walks in to see Stephanie and Nicky at a table. Nic races toward her. She scoops him up in her arms and hugs so tightly he groans.
89) 12) dialog: Of course, Nicky. Nicky grabs a cookie, shoving the whole thing in his mout
89) 14) dialog: I'd rather you had milk inst-- (then, with a smile) Ask your mom. Emily laughs and hands him a buck from a wad of cash tuck inside her bra. He darts off to the vending machine.
89) 15) dialog: Okay. Whattaya got for me? Emily glances over her shoulder to make sure the GUARD is listening.
89) 17) dialog: That’s where they were putting it. Of course! I knew he was guilty. Thank you.
89) 20) dialog: Copy that, Runway. As the two women share a smile of mutual respect, BEGIN E CREDITS ...
90) 1) text: UNDER THE END CREDITS, the BELL rings and all the kids po out of the school with their parents. Stephanie walks out with her boys -- Miles and Nicky -- who have bonded like brothers. Darren races up to Stephanie. Stephanie begins to sign her name onto EVERY SLOT of a SI UP SHEET when -
90) 3) dialog: What? Darren grabs her hand and hauls her off. She resists.
91) 0) text: A MAN'S BODY is splayed face down on the ground. A KID (5 drawing a chalk outline around it. Confused, Stephanie tu over the body and discovers -- SEAN. Grinning ear to ear.
91) 1) dialog: Sean. That’s a pretty dark joke. Sean nods to ANOTHER KID who stands next to a boom box. T kid hits the button. MUSIC kicks in and a FLASH MOB begin Everyone we’ve met is there: Sona, Stacey, Darren, the teacher Mrs. Kerry, even Detective Meany -- are there to participate in the choreographed performance, along with the ELEMENTARY SCHOOL KIDS -- Miles and Nicky at the forefront. 119. Two COOL KIDS, 9 and 11, watch the flash mob with disdain
91) 5) dialog: Well ... I’11 have to ask the moms first. (off his Look) Yes. Of course I’ll marry you. Stephanie throws herself into his arms. The crowd explode It's a happy ending! Why the hell not? They’ve all been through a lot. FADE OUT.