13) 0) text: The lab looks cluttered and disorganized. A labyrinth of wires and cables snake across the floor. The numerous pieces of scientific equipment look exposed, functional and well used. In the center of the lab stands a large, impressivelookin Youthful LAB TECHNICIANS wearing photo-ID badges go about their business with obvious enthusiasm. OZZIE WEXLER is being videotaped by another Lab Technician.
13) 1) dialog: (into video camera) Uh... experiment number 27-G-5000. Time... eight-hundred hours. Date ... 5-26. (clears his throat) A full-grown human male will be placed inside a submersible pod of the type used in deep sea exploration, miniaturized, and introduced into the system of a living organism, in this case, the system of a common Lepus Cuniculus, or: white laboratory rabbit... Ozzie stops, notices that the Lab Tech has pointed the video camera away.
13) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
13) 4) dialog: Don't pan anywhere! camera on me. Keep the The Lab Tech pans back to Ozzie, who continues:
13) 5) dialog: Miniaturization is achieved through the pairing of two 5000Series Photon Echo Memroy called 'PEMS' for short. (holds up both chips) The two chips are intergrated, but electronically opposed. Only one is necessary for miniaturization, but both are required for re-enlargement.
13) 8) dialog: (to Lab Tech) Keep rolling. I want a record of everything. 20
14) 0) text: Tuck Pendelton is alone in the room. He wears a Navy blue jumpsuit and sits on a bench with the same pensive expression of a football player before the big game. He rises. himself. Goes to a mirror over the sink and looks at The door BANGS open and Ozzie enters. jumps at the noise. Startled, Tuck
14) 1) dialog: (smiling) Nervous? Tuck makes no reply. jumpsuit. Ozzie sees a bulge under Tuck's
14) 2) dialog: Do you really need that? Tuck removes a flask from his pocket -- pauses to conside
14) 4) dialog: You're taking it anyway?
14) 6) dialog: Okay. Now remember -- trust your on-board computer. Use it. I know you've studied, but don't rely on yourself when you don't have to. The computer's been programmed to answer any question you might have.
14) 9) dialog: Maybe we should review our objects one more time.
15) 0) text: Tuck and Ozzie come down the corridor. Tuck holds his helmet under his arm. He looks like he's walking "the last mile." The corridor is lined with boxes of 3-D Action Man games. Many of them stamped, "Return for Refund," or "Defective, or "Discontinued Series." Tuck glances at the boxes. Ozzie sees this. It shakes his confidence.
15) 1) dialog: (defensively) The game works! It's not my fault the public lost interest in video! They round a bend in the corridor and emerge into: 22
15) 8) dialog: Good luck, Captain. A Technician opens the Pod's hatch and Tuck climbs in.
15) 10) dialog: You've got a 24-hour
15) 14) dialog: That's just too bad. (slips on headset) Do you read me, Captain?
15) 20) dialog: Engage PEM number one.
15) 24) dialog: Engage PEM Number Two. 30
15) 27) dialog: Activate Miniaturization Sphere. 31
15) 42) dialog: Raise the sphere. The Miniaturization Sphere is raised -- and the Pod has seemingly disappeared. Everyone breathes a communal sigh of relief as small, congratulatory smiles are exchanged.
15) 43) dialog: Nice work, team. Now let's get the Pod into the syringe.
20) 0) text: A computer-operated robotic arm places a hypodermic syrin filled with pinkish fluid beneath the lens of a powerful scanning electron microscope. All technicians defer to Ozzie who is accorded the first look. He enters the dome and peers through the binocular-viewing eyepiece of the microscope. 46
24) 4) dialog: can see the silhouette of the approaching Intruder outsid His expression fills with alarm.
25) 0) text: Ozzie emerges from a side door into the bright light of d He stops, looks in all directions -- then runs off. 61
26) 0) text: Igoe sees Ozzie running across the parking lot in the dis toward a parked motorcycle. He hops on, kicks the starter The ENGINE ROARS up -- he SQUEALS out across the parking
27) 0) text: Ozzie zooms down the street, but the Black Sedan begins t gain on him. Now -- the Black Sedan pulls up beside him. The rear wind lowers and an Uzi handgun is pointed at Ozzie. Ozzie sees the gun -- reacts by making a sharp turn to th right. Tires SQUEAL, dust flies. The Black Sedan speeds p But now Ozzie finds himself traveling up a 64
28) 0) text: Ozzie shoots onto the freeway going 80 m.p.h. in the wron direction. He hugs the freeway's shoulder, but oncoming traffic speeds past him at 65 m.p.h. with only inches of daylight to spare. The Black Sedan is not far behind -- also racing along th shoulder of the roadway. 25. 67
29) 5) dialog: looks over. 70 Can't believe his eyes.
29) 9) dialog: gives the motorcycle the gas and it leaps forward. The Bl Sedan's front bumper just grazes the cycle's rear fender. Ozzie almost loses control -- the motorcycle swerves dangerously to one side.
32) 0) text: Ozzie swerves to miss the Call Box. The Black Sedan brakes -- skids and squeals -- but can't stop in time. BAM! The Call Box is sheared off, and goes flying over the sedan's roof. 80
32) 1) dialog: speeds into the lead, and exits the freeway... this time using an ON RAMP to do so. 81
33) 0) text: Ozzie ROARS by. 83 The Black Sedan soon follows.
34) 0) text: Ozzie turns into the parking lot. likewise. 84 The Black Sedan does
34) 4) text: flies out from under him, skids across the pavement and crashes. But Ozzie gets to his feet and runs toward the Mall Entrance.
37) 5) dialog: 
37) 12) dialog: 
38) 0) text: Ozzie is alone. His face ashen. Sweat beads on his forehead. Something is very wrong. 97