2) 0) text: MARIAN PETERSON, a gray-haired woman in her late sixties, meticulously packs a suitcase.  She picks up a small, fra PHOTO from a chest-of-drawers and holds it up to her.
3) 0) text: A paint-chipped truck rounds the corner on a dirt road leading into the farm. Marian, waiting on the porch, ready to go, rises and wave
5) 0) text: Marian, looking a little forlorn and out of sorts, stands by the taxi area with her suitcase on a tote, looking aro for a cab, unsure what to do.
6) 0) text: Marian is sitting in the back of the cab as Mischa opens driver's side door and slams it shut, rattling Marian's nerves.
6) 2) dialog: Are you sure you got my bag in?
6) 4) dialog: I'm sorry, I'm a little nervous.  It's my first time in New York.  Just a minute.
6) 5) text: Marian fumbles with a piece of paper she's rooted out of purse.   Mischa, annoyed, slams the shift lever into Drive and lur off. Marian leans forward into the rectangular opening of the Plexiglas partition.
6) 6) dialog: I want to go to 526 East 5TH.  That's in the East Village.  My daughter said it would cost thirty dollars.
6) 7) text: In the REAR-VIEW MIRROR we glimpse Mischa giving Marian a look.
8) 0) text: Hurtling along.  Marian cranes her head through the parti and attempts to strike up a conversation with the surly cabbie.
8) 1) dialog: I came to New York to visit my youngest daughter.
8) 3) dialog: She would have come to the airport to meet me - she wanted to - but ... but, she just started a new job and, well, I guess no one drives here.
8) 5) dialog: Uh, yes.  My husband passed away recently ...
8) 7) dialog: ... And the children thought I should take a trip.
8) 9) dialog: I'm from South Dakota.  Where are you from?
8) 11) dialog: Ohhh.  Do you know the East Village?
8) 13) dialog: (disconcerted) You mean it's dangerous?
8) 15) text: Mischa chuckles as Marian sits back in the cab.
10) 0) text: The cab brakes to a halt, bringing Marian INTO THE FRAME, face strickened with fear. Marian climbs out of the cab as Mischa, in the background opens the trunk to retrieve her bag.  Marian, taking in t foreign surroundings, seems confused about something.
10) 1) dialog: Pardon me, Mischa.  Is this 526 East 5TH Street?
10) 2) text: Mischa closes the trunk and approaches Marian with her on piece of luggage on a tote.
10) 7) dialog: (pointing uncertainly) This way?
10) 9) text: He chuckles to himself, but Marian doesn't get the joke.
10) 10) dialog: I see.  How much?
10) 12) dialog: Forty-five?  I thought it was only supposed to be thirty?
10) 14) text: Marian unsnaps her wallet and grudgingly hands the disreputable cabbie two twenties and a five. Mischa takes the money and starts away.  Halfway back to cab, he turns around and calls out to Marian, who stands frozen on the dilapidated street.
10) 16) text: Mischa hugs an imaginary purse close to his side.  Marian apes his advice in all seriousness.
10) 19) text: HIGH DOWN WIDE of Marian standing forlornly at the end of street, a Dayton's shopping bag in one hand, her luggage strapped to the tote in the other.
11) 0) text: Marian pulling her luggage apprehensively down the street She passes THE SQUATTERS, a motley group of homeless teenagers, pierced, tattooed, wild hairdos and even wilde attire.
11) 2) text: Marian, shocked by their circumstances, rolls her luggage past them, smiling faintly.
11) 4) dialog: Maybe some other time.
11) 6) text: Marian continues on.  She's distracted by ... A WOMAN in her thirties, who looks like she hasn't slept week, bent over the railing of a second-story fire escape balcony, in the throes of a veritable rage.
11) 8) text: Marian stares up at her, even more disconcerted than ever The enraged woman continues her tirade at an unseen old boyfriend below.
11) 10) text: Marian looks away and, intrepid Midwesterner that she is, pushes on. A MAN, dressed strangely, stands surreally in the middle the street, blowing huge clouds of cigarette smoke. A GAY COUPLE parade past, laughing hysterically.
11) 15) text: An upstairs window on a six-story, red-brick co-op buildi PAULA, Marian's daughter, a pretty woman with short dark hair, is leaning out the window, waving.
12) 0) text: Paula emerges to greet her mother.   Marian glances one last time across the street and exchan oblique looks with the Disciple Prospect, now parked on a stool next to the burning drum.  He seems to home in on h
13) 0) text: A nice, one-bedroom co-op, tastefully furnished.  Paula i unpacking Marian's things.  Marian stands in the middle o the apartment, feeling relaxed, if still a bit shaken, fo the first time since she arrived.
13) 2) dialog: Well, once you're inside, it's nice.
13) 4) text: Marian walks over to the window and peers out.
13) 5) dialog: Well, when I walked up the block, I ... well, my word!
13) 7) text: Marian returns her gaze to the view out the window.
15) 0) text: Paula and Marian are sitting at the dining table.  They'r studying one of those plastic laminated maps of New York you can buy everywhere.  Paula is attempting to acquaint mother with Manhattan's complex public transportation sys
15) 2) text: Marian removes her glasses and fixes her gaze on her daughter.
15) 3) dialog: I wanted to ask you something.  Those motorcycles across the street ...?
15) 5) dialog: ... What are they all doing there?
15) 7) dialog: (alarmed) The motorcycle gang?  Don't they deal drugs and rape young girls?
16) 0) text: CRANE UP to Marian lying wide awake on a convertible sofa next to the street window.  We (Marian!) hear VOICES, MOTORCYCLES REVVING, POLICE SIRENS, followed by what soun like GUNFIRE, tires SCREECHING, a cacophony of sounds typ of summer nights in the East Village. We go UP and OVER Marian toward the window as imaginary voices flood in and become intelligible.
17) 0) text: A Kenneth Anger Scorpio Rising-like MONTAGE: A black-booted foot kick-starts a Harley.   A gleaming chrome exhaust pipe vibrates and spits smoke. A black-gloved hand revs a handle-bar accelerator.   A helmet is pulled down over a Hun-like face.   Flames roar in the steel drum as though a signpost in Hel One of the DISCIPLES, bare-chested, long-haired, sweating swings a baseball bat and calls out to Marian in a singso voice:
17) 2) text: Another half-naked BIKER, arms tattooed up and down, has Marian's suitcase open and is scattering her belongings o into the street.  He finds the framed photo of her deceas husband and tosses it to the pavement.  He raises his hea slowly with a sneer and looks up at ...
18) 0) text: Marian wakes with a start, consciousness giving way to a of relief.
20) 0) text: It's quiet in the co-op.  Marian is dusting the bookshelv and humming to herself.   Behind a shelf of books she discovers a PHOTO ENVELOPE wi some snapshots in them.  Curious, she has a look-see.
21) 0) text: Marian is at the window, peering through the furling curtains.
23) 0) text: Marian cowers against the half-open door as a young MAN, wearing faded jeans, black cowboy boots, and leather vest over a naked torso, comes charging down the stairs pulled a frothing, pent-up BULLDOG on a leash. As he passes, Marian retreats quickly back into her unit, closes the door, and locks the locks from inside.
24) 0) text: Paula is hanging up her coat and setting down her briefca an incredulous expression on her face, looking at ... Marian, sitting in a chair by the window, leafing through magazine.
24) 2) text: Marian shrugs.
26) 0) text: Marian and Paula are sitting at the bar.  They each have glass of white wine in front of them.  Paula is looking a some PHOTOS of the farm that Marian has brought along.
26) 1) dialog: Would you look at those strawberries.  They made the best jam.   (passes Paula the photos) Here are some more pictures of the farm.  Crops were unbelievable this year.
26) 3) dialog: Plenty of rain.  Your dad would have been happy with that.
26) 4) text: Marian removes a pill from a small vial she's rummaged ou her purse and slips it discreetly into her mouth.
26) 5) dialog: I just can't seem to focus on anything these days.
26) 7) dialog: (washing her pill down with some wine) How are you doing sweetheart?
26) 9) dialog: Dating anyone?
26) 11) dialog: What about the fellow in those pictures?
26) 13) dialog: You know ... (raises both hands in the air) ... whoops!
26) 15) dialog: Well, they were right out in plain view.
26) 17) dialog: But I was dusting.
26) 19) dialog: He seemed quite taken with you.
26) 21) dialog: (hurt) You know, you never tell me anything.
27) 0) text: Marian and Paula, arm-in-arm, walk down the block back to building. A MOTORCYCLE rounds the corner, slows to a crawl, and one the Satan's Disciples stares over at the two of them as i casing them out.  Paula won't look at him, but Marian can avert her gaze.
28) 0) text: Marian lying awake in bed, the ENGINES of the Disciples' Harleys deafening ...
29) 1) text: From across the street, Marian, appearing like an apparit in her nightgown, surreally walks toward them, a beseechi look on her face.
29) 2) dialog: Excuse me.  Could you please turn your motorcycles off?  They're so loud, I can't sleep.
29) 3) text: GO TO SLOW MOTION as the BIKERS, some ten in number, slow approach the frail-looking Marian.  Gently, they pick her off the ground and raise her aloft.  Then, like some movi human bier, they carry her through the forbidding black d into their clubhouse.
30) 0) text: We follow Marian down a dark corridor leading into the bo of the clubhouse.
31) 0) text: At the end of another corridor, a MAN stands, silhouetted against an explosion of blue light.  As we near the ghost figure, we REALIZE it's Marian's deceased husband. There's a GUN SHOT.
32) 0) text: Marian wakes with a start, clutching a hand to her breast
33) 0) text: Marian shakes a Valium out of a vial, puts it into her mo swallows it with a drink of orange juice.
34) 0) text: Marian, not wanting to be a disappointment to her daughte damn her fears, gathers her purse up and starts out the d
35) 0) text: Marian is again prevented from an easy exit when a young, looking COUPLE come bounding down the stairs.  As she sta at her open door to let them pass, they completely ignore as if she didn't exist.
36) 0) text: Seen from Marian's perspective across the street, the fro of the Satan's Disciples headquarters is quiet.  There ar only a couple Harleys parked out front. Marian, relieved that there are no bikers out, hurries of the direction of First Avenue, determined to see the sigh of the city.
37) 0) text: A giddy, almost dreamlike, MONTAGE of Marian touring New York.  She's SUPERIMPOSED over famous landmarks, as if sh were standing stationery and the city were in a diorama rotating all around her.  The Empire State Building; Circ Cruise Line; eating a hot dog from a street vendor; shopp at Macy's.  Marian beams as she is magically whisked alon walking on air.
38) 0) text: Marian comes INTO THE FRAME around the corner.  She has a spring in her step and a broad smile emblazoning her face But her sanguine mood is quickly shattered when she HEARS shouting.  She freezes in her tracks.
38) 4) dialog: Oh, no.
38) 5) text: Marian glances across the street, her face tensed with fe
38) 12) dialog: My daughter lives here and I'm her mother and I've lost my keys.
38) 14) dialog: Hello?  Hello?
38) 15) text: Marian returns her frightened gaze to the altercation acr the street. ACROSS THE STREET - MARIAN'S P.O.V. Two more DISCIPLES emerge from the clubhouse.  One of the squirts lighter fluid on the fire burning in the steel dr and the flames explode.  Then KID is dragged over toward fire.  The Disciple Prospect drags him dangerously close the flames.
38) 21) dialog: (quavery voice) Yes, is Paula there? ... Could you leave her a message, please?  Tell her it's urgent. (gathers herself) Her mother has lost her keys and is stranded on the street with the Satan's Disciples ... When she comes back, would you tell her to come home as quickly as she can? ... Thank you.
38) 22) text: Marian hangs up the phone and turns, quails in terror.
38) 24) dialog: Oh, please, don't hurt me.
38) 26) dialog: Oh, let me get out of your way then.
38) 28) dialog: (withdrawing anxiously) Have a nice day.
38) 29) text: Marian walks quickly ACROSS THE FRAME.  As she EXITS RIGH the Disciple Prospect ENTERS LEFT and trails after her.
39) 0) text: Marian is at the front entrance, uncertain what to do.  S quailss when the Disciple Prospect approaches.  Without a word, he reaches his arm over her and presses a buzzer to of the units.
39) 3) text: The DOOR BUZZES almost at once, and the Disciple Prospect pushes it in and holds it open until Marian is safely ins He looks at her a little annoyed.  Marian is absolutely nonplussed.
41) 7) text: Marian doesn't answer.  Paula stands some distance from her distracted mother, a worried expression featured on her face.
42) 1) dialog: Who is it?
42) 3) dialog: She's at work.  I'm her mother.
42) 5) text: Marian, seemingly reassured, opens the door for her.  She sees Marika, realizes she's upset about something, and fe immediately compassionate toward her.
42) 7) dialog: Oh.  You need a cappuccino.
43) 2) dialog: (shaking her head in disgust) Men ... they're all the same.  (beat) Our pastor in Sioux Falls was caught with his wife's sister.
43) 4) dialog: Oh, it was such a big scandal.
43) 6) dialog: Poor man had to leave town. (Marika laughs) And I hear that other women came forward.
43) 7) text: This makes Marika laugh even harder.  Marian's story seem have assuaged her own grief in some parallel way.
43) 8) dialog: You know, you ought to come out to South Dakota some time and meet my son, Steve.  He's single.
43) 10) dialog: He's an organic farmer.
43) 12) text: The Disciple's MOTORCYCLES GROWL OFF SCREEN, interrupting their tГЄte-Г -tГЄte.   Marian and Marika both rise simultaneously from the table amble over to the window together.
43) 14) text: They reach the window. EXT. STREET - DAY - MARIAN'S AND MARIKA'S P.O.V. The Disciples dismounting from their bikes below, shuttin down their engines and removing their helmets.
44) 0) text: At the window, Marian and Marika standing side by side.
44) 1) dialog: I wonder what they do in there?  Don't they frighten you?  They all look so ...
44) 3) text: Marian does a double-take and throws a backward glance at Marika.
44) 5) text: Marian and Marika smile at each other.
45) 0) text: Marian's FOOT STEPS OFF THE CURB.
45) 1) text: Marian crosses the street headed in the direction of the Satan's Disciples headquarters. The Disciple Prospect is sitting alone, guarding the line parked Harleys.  He's wearing dark aviator shades and his trademark red bandana tied over his head.  Marian steps bravely right up to him.
45) 2) dialog: Excuse me, sir. (the Disciple Prospect looks up, poker-faced) I just wanted to thank you for helping me get into my building yesterday.
45) 4) dialog: My daughter lives across the street from you people and she tells me that you keep this area safe.  Is that true?
45) 6) dialog: And you don't deal drugs?
45) 9) dialog: I'm just concerned about my daughter.
45) 11) dialog: What about yesterday?  Kicking that poor boy?
45) 13) text: Marian seems to accept the explanation.  She glances up.
45) 17) dialog: Well, I'd love to see inside your club.
45) 19) dialog: Well, if you're not holding a meeting or anything.
46) 4) text: The Head Disciple glances over at Marian standing curbsid expectantly awaiting approval.  He sees that she's ingenu
46) 6) text: Marian, smiling, comes forward.
47) 3) text: He turns to Marian, realizing he doesn't know her name.
47) 4) dialog: (meekly) Marian.
47) 7) text: Marian blushes at their warm response to her unexpected appearance.
47) 10) text: Laughter erupts.  Marian smiles.
47) 14) text: Amiable laughter fills the room.  Marian laughs with them She glances all around her, fascinated by this dungeon sh had dreamed and fantasized about since she first arrived New York.
47) 15) dialog: You know, this isn't so bad.  It looks like our kids' rooms when they were growing up.
47) 18) dialog: Could use some cleaning.
48) 0) text: A MONTAGE, with abbreviated SCENES DISSOLVING one into another of Marian supervising a thorough, top-to-bottom cleaning of the clubhouse: One Disciple sprays Easy-Off in a blackened oven. Another empties ashtrays. Yet Another vacuums. Still others pick up wrappers from under the couch, while Marian wags a reproving finger at them. One Disciple tosses the contents of an ashtray under the couch while Marian isn't looking.
49) 0) text: Marian in the kitchen, wearing the cut-off blue jeans insignia jacket of the Satan's Disciples, their colors emblazoned on the back.  She pops the top on a can of bee and pours some of it into a huge pot of chili she's stirr over a stove, while the Disciples sit patiently in the background at a bar awaiting the food.   Marian tries a sip of the beer and some of the Disciples smile approvingly.
50) 0) text: All the Disciples are huddled around Marian in the middle the clubhouse, as if she were the mother hen, arms folded across their chests, smiles creasing their faces, sated.
50) 1) dialog: Well, I'd better be going.  It was nice meeting all of you.
50) 5) text: Marian starts off.
50) 7) dialog: (turns, considers for a moment) Well, there is one thing. (beat, mildly scolding) At night, your motorcycles are so darn loud, I'm not getting much sleep.  Now, I'm going home in a few days, so ... could I ask you to keep them quiet?
50) 11) dialog: Thank you.
52) 4) text: Paula and Marian enter the office and halt mid-room acros from his desk.
52) 6) dialog: (enthusiastically) Oh, it's so nice to meet you.
52) 8) dialog: (blurting out) I met the Satan's Disciples today.
52) 11) dialog: (waving her daughter off) My daughter lives right across the street from the Satan's Disciples' clubhouse, and I was so worried about her ... so, I went over and introduced myself.  And they were the nicest people.
52) 14) dialog: I had a wonderful time.
53) 0) text: Paula is sitting at the dining table with a plate piled w roast chicken, potatoes, and broccoli in front of her.  S has a worried look etched on her face. Marian is in the kitchen in the background, feeling light happy, a singsong quality to her voice.  She brings a pla of food for herself to the table.
53) 1) dialog: And they were so friendly those young men.  Though I do think they should shave their beards and ... and get some nicer clothes.
53) 2) text: Marian sits down at the table and takes a sip of her wine picks up her utensils and gets ready to dig in.  She turn Paula who isn't touching her food, her head in her hands. Marian, seemingly oblivious of her daughter's feelings, prattles on.
53) 3) dialog: What do you say ... we take a subway uptown and see a play tonight?
53) 4) text: Marian finally notices that Paula isn't listening.
53) 5) dialog: What's wrong?
53) 7) dialog: (stung, taken aback) Oh, that has nothing to do with it.
53) 9) text: Marian retreats into herself, sips her wine - as if she, herself, now wonders if she's lost her mind - and her buo mood deflates almost at once.
53) 11) text: Marian doesn't remember, and her daughter's words pierce She's afraid to object.
53) 13) text: Paula lays a reassuring hand on Marian's arm, talks to he condescendingly, as if she were a child.
53) 15) text: Marian doesn't bother to argue, fearing anything she migh say would compromise her.
53) 17) text: Paula grips Marian's arm a little tighter and shakes it gently as if snapping her back to reality.  Marian return her a tight-lipped smile.
54) 0) text: Marian, lying supine on the convertible sofa bed by the o window, snoring peacefully.
55) 2) text: The Disciple about to start his bike, turns.   The Disciple Prospect raises two fingers to his lips in a kind of warning, then gestures up to Paula's co-op where Marian is sleeping. The Disciple, remembering the new rule, nods assent with slightly annoyed expression. Then, he puts his Harley into neutral, dismounts, and sta slowly walking it down the quiet, ill-lit street.
56) 0) text: The room is cast in soft ambient light from the street.  Paula comes into the living room and lies down next to he mother on the sofa bed and rouses her awake.  Marian swim leadenly back to consciousness.  
56) 2) dialog: (still drowsy) If it's about the bikers, dear, I don't want to talk about it.
56) 4) dialog: Oh, I hope so, dear.
56) 6) dialog: Aaron?
56) 8) dialog: I'm sorry.
56) 9) text: Marian pats her daughter on the arm.  Paula pricks up her ears for a minute.
56) 11) dialog: Mm hmm.
57) 0) text: A lovely, sun-drenched day.  Shadows dapple a promenade a one of the park's many ponds.  Paula and Marian walk arm- arm.
57) 2) dialog: Oh, I don't want to be in the way.  You've got your career and everything.
57) 4) dialog: Dear, I was thinking.  Why don't we go to Paris next year?  I've never been.  Your father, God bless him, wasn't much for traveling.
58) 0) text: Marian is finishing up her packing.  Paula comes from the kitchen, bearing a gift for her mother to take home with
58) 2) dialog: At my age, I'm going to take any pill that makes me feel better.
58) 4) dialog: I can make my own decisions.
58) 7) dialog: Mm hmm.
58) 9) dialog: (pensive) Goodbye, sweetheart.
58) 10) text: Paula blows her mother a kiss and Marian throws her daugh a little wave.
59) 0) text: Marian steps down the stairs of her daughter's building. smile breaks out on her face when she SEES:
59) 5) text: Marian nods and beams at the same time. The other Harleys form a circle around Marian's motorcycl The Disciple Prospect gives them a signal and they start one by one, forming a V-shaped procession. Marian, completely comfortable on her motorcycle, her arm around her Disciple escort, her fever dream now manifest. CRANE UP as the procession heads down East 5TH.