9) 0) text: We're in the bowels of the building. Two large presses crank out the next edition. It's hot and noisy and dirty down here, just the way ALAN MANN likes it. Alan emerges from the cafeteria carrying an extra large Styrofoam cup of coffee. He stops to schmooze with the guys who run the presses -- newspaper guys, ink-stained and tough. Alan is tall and broad-shouldered, with a belly that hangs over his belt; he looks like an athlete gone to seed. He's the newspaper's editor-in-chief. BOB FINDLEY, the city editor, is younger and softer. As he approaches Alan, he is wearing a neatly-pressed pink shirt and a cheerful tie; no jacket. Bob composes his face and takes a deep breath. He prides himself on being caring. Just now, he has the look of a man who is about to impart some serious news.
9) 2) dialog: Yeah.
10) 0) text: They enter. Alan punches "four" with his free hand and impatiently stabs at the "close door" button.
10) 1) dialog: What was she, drunk?
10) 5) dialog: Do we have to cover for her? Did she have anything big on?
10) 7) dialog: Christ.
11) 0) text: A large, chaotic open space partitioned into smaller cubicles. Alan crosses the city section where a handful of reporters are making phone calls and pecking away at computer keyboards. Bob follows, a few paces behind.
11) 2) dialog: Put Everett on it.
11) 4) dialog: Not any more he hasn't. He can do the interview, then he can witness the execution. What's-his-face, the warden down at San Quentin -- Plunkitt. Steve's dealt with him before. I can get him in. They pass JANE MARCH, Bob's assistant. She catches his eye and offers a sympathetic look: ‘What a tragedy."
12) 0) text: Alan strides in, with Bob right behind him. Bob shuts the door. Alan stands behind his desk.
12) 1) dialog: You think Everett's an asshole. (CONTINUED)
12) 5) dialog: You're wrong. He is an asshole. Trust me: I know him. A lot of people who're good at their jobs are assholes, Bob. Alan plunks himself into his seat, reaches into his inside coat pocket, and removes a packet of crumb cake, which he slams down on the desk as though making a declaration. He opens his coffee and looks up expectantly at Bob.
12) 7) dialog: He was a drunk then. He's not now.
12) 9) dialog: (wide-eyed) Ooh! An issue piece! Well, dog my cats!
12) 11) dialog: (enjoying this) Oh, well, stop the presses! Hey, was Amy whatsherface, the pregnant broad old Frankie shot in the chest -- was she a human being? Is that part of the issue?
12) 13) dialog: Crumb cake? (CONTINUED )
12) 17) dialog: Let me tell you something, Bob. Issues are the shit we make up to give us an excuse to run good stories. Judge grabs a female attorney's tits, that's the sex discrimination issue. Nine-year-old kills his brother with an Uzi, that's the child violence issue. People want to read about sex organs and blood. We make up issues so they don't have to feel too nasty about it.
12) 19) dialog: (leaning back) Bob, you've been here, what? Three months now? I've been working with Steve Everett for three and a half years, and let me tell you something: The guy is good, as good as I've ever seen. You know why he was kicked out of New York? You know the story?
12) 21) dialog: Steve Everett busted the mayor, Bob. The mayor of fucking New York City. Steve got hold of a secret memo on a contract bribe between Hizzoner and one of the ex-borough presidents, and he ran with it in his column.
12) 23) dialog: The paper tried to kill it, ‘cause the owner was in bed with the mayor. So what'd Everett do? Didn't whine -- didn't back down, either. He walked. A long silence. Bob shoves his hands in his pockets.
12) 27) dialog: And, Bob -- when you send flowers to the girl's family, would you include my name? Thanks. 'Preciate it. Bob goes out. Alan watches him for a moment, smiles and shakes his head.
12) 28) dialog: Gullible bastard.
56) 0) text: Bob is staring malevolently as Everett strides toward Alan Mann's office. As Everett passes Jane, she looks up at him and then back down, shaking her head. Inside Alan's office we can see the editor talking with a very distinguished-looking, gray-haired man in an expensive suit. This is HENRY LOWENSTEIN, the newspaper's owner. Everett knocks on Alan's glass wall, and Alan motions him in.
57) 0) text: Everett enters. Alan and Lowenstein rise.
57) 11) dialog: Stop fucking Bob's wife. He doesn't like it.
57) 13) dialog: If he comes to me and wants your ass, I'm gonna have to give it to him. Then you'll just be a hole with no ass around it. Everett pulls out a cigarette and lights it, hiding momentarily behind the flame. Alan bites his Snickers, gazing at Everett.
57) 14) dialog: You know what, Ev? You're a fucking womanizer, that's what. You're fucking up your whole career and you're fucking up your marriage and if you can't keep your goddamned prick in your pants I'm not gonna be able to goddamned protect you. How was she?
57) 16) dialog: Lucky bastard. I always liked her. I ever tell you about the assistant D.A. I fell for in New York?
57) 20) dialog: I'll save it for another time. Edifying story, though.
57) 22) dialog: Oh, the nickel finally drops. Christ, boy, don't you know Bob's been after you since you got here? In that quiet, earnest, reasonable way of his. He's probably glad you fucked Patricia so he has ethical reason to annihilate you.
57) 24) dialog: You should've fucked my wife. I'd've just punched you.
57) 26) dialog: Lucky bastard. How was she?
57) 28) dialog: All right. What's your goddamned problem? Tell papa. You soulless sack of shit.
59) 0) text: Alan chews mightily. Across from him, Everett smokes. They look at each other, two old friends enjoying a mock standoff.
59) 1) dialog: All right, all right. What have you got on Beachum? Everett lifts his cigarette hand as if to speak -- but what, indeed, has he got? He puts the filter to his lips and sucks hard. Alan watches him, shaking his head in mock horror.
59) 2) dialog: Oh... oh, Ev.
59) 4) dialog: Ev, CV, GV...
59) 6) dialog: Ev. I don't have to listen to you. I'm looking at you. I'm looking and I see a reporter who's about to tell me that he has a hunch.
59) 8) dialog: Do you know my opinion of reporters who have hunches?
59) 10) dialog: I can't fart loud enough to express my opinion.
59) 14) dialog: Discrepancies? Did I hear you say there were discrepancies? After a police investigation? A trial? Six years of appeals? You found discrepancies? What did it take you, half an hour?
59) 16) dialog: Ev...
59) 18) dialog: All right, all right. You're saying you can turn this routine execution piece into some kind of big fight-for-justice story. And that'll give me an excuse to stand up for you when Bob asks me to transfer you to the toilet.
59) 20) dialog: You'll still lose the wife and kid, you know. She's gonna find out.
59) 22) dialog: I don't have to tell you what'll happen if you pull another Mike Vargas on me, right? You come up with something, okay, I'll run it, but it'd better be good. (CONTINUED)
59) 26) dialog: I guess we'll both find out.
59) 28) dialog: Ev, I know what you're thinking. I can hear your little brain ticking -- I really can. And let me just remind you: if you go to Lowenstein thinking he'll call the governor --
59) 30) dialog: -- it better be awfully good. Or he not only won't call the governor, he'll eat your heart and throw your body to the dogs. You won't have to sleep with his wife, pal. He'll fire you for free.
59) 32) dialog: Hey, don't thank me. I don't know whose ass you're trying to save here, Beachum's or your own. But if your nose for a story's gone, you're gone, too. I'm not running this paper to salvage what's left of your smarmy little existence. So she was really pretty good, huh?
59) 34) dialog: Lucky bastard. Everett laughs, gets up, gives Alan a look, laughs again. Alan starts whistling to himself. Everett leaves the office. 75 76 73.
79) 16) text: At the other end of the room, Alan is opening his office door to look out. And Bob is standing up from the city desk, ready to join the attack.
79) 36) dialog: (from across the room) Everett! Get in here.
80) 0) text: Alan waves Everett inside, and Bob comes in behind him, smiling his tight, satisfied little smile.
80) 5) dialog: I understand your interview at the prison went somewhat beyond the requirements of a human interest sidebar. Everett grabs his cigarettes and shoots one into his mouth.
80) 8) dialog: Boys, boys. Come on. I can't have this. Everett, say you're sorry. Bob, punch his lights out.
80) 18) dialog: Well, look. We'll take Everett off the execution and put Harvey on it instead.
80) 20) dialog: Yeah, well, we all know what the point is.
80) 28) dialog: (lowering his hand) You what?
80) 32) dialog: Shut up, Bob. How have you got him?
80) 34) dialog: All right. Who is he?
80) 36) dialog: You're telling me the shooter was a guy who was there? Good work, Steve. Should I hold the front page or do you wanna get two unnamed sources on it? (CONTINUED)
80) 40) dialog: What about the defense?
80) 43) dialog: The cops?
80) 49) dialog: What?