21) 5) text: He moves toward the counter, and as he does, we begin to discover what is behind it -- the corpse of Amy Wilson, her eyes open in horror, a hole in her chest, from which blood is still oozing. Porterhouse's SCREAM FADES BACK INTO Michelle's V.O.
51) 14) text: Behind the counter, Amy Wilson lies dead in a pool of blood. (CONTINUED)
65) 0) text: Everett's car passes a growing crowd of protestors and death-penalty advocates camped out at the gate. It's a macabre tailgate party. Everett glances at the "Remember Amy" posters.
70) 4) dialog: Hi, Frank. It's back, you see where the ketchup and relish is? Yeah.
70) 8) dialog: Frank, you know I been meaning to talk to you.
70) 10) dialog: I don't got it, Frank. I could pay you thirty now. But I don't got the whole thing.
70) 12) dialog: After I get paid, fifteenth of July.
70) 14) dialog: I swear it, Frank. We just had some extra expenses, end of the school year and all.
70) 16) dialog: You know where, right? Beachum nods and heads toward the back of the store. The bathroom is in a small entryway, and as Beachum heads toward it, we hear the front DOOR SLAM. Beachum struggles for a moment with the sticky bathroom door and goes in.
72) 0) text: Beachum is standing in the stall (it's a one-toilet bathroom), humming to himself. We hear MUFFLED VOICES outside, and at first Beachum doesn't notice them. He finishes and FLUSHES the TOILET. Over the sound of the flush, the VOICES GROW LOUDER. Beachum can't be sure what he's hearing. Then he hears Amy's anguished voice!--
72) 1) dialog: Please! Not that! -- followed by a GUNSHOT. For a moment, Beachum stands paralyzed. Then he bolts out of the stall, pushes at the sticky bathroom door, kicks it open, runs down the small entryway, and emerges into the main body of the store.
73) 1) text: Beachum falls to his knees by Amy's side, trying everything he can think of, making up his own brand of CPR as he goes along -- thumping her chest, breathing into her mouth, trying to staunch the blood with his hands, calling her name. Blood soaks his shirt, splatters onto his face, runs down his fingers. Amy looks into his eyes, terrified, and then her eyes go blank. Dimly, he hears the FRONT DOOR CLOSE. And a voice:
97) 30) dialog: I swear, Frank. We just had some extra expenses, end of the school year and all.
97) 32) dialog: You know where, right? As Beachum goes into the entryway toward the bathroom, we hear a NOISE at the FRONT DOOR. We WHIP-PAN TO the door, and in comes WARREN RUSSEL, looking nervous and mean. He scans the room and saunters over to the counter.
97) 33) dialog: Help you? Warren whips out a small gun and points it at Amy.
97) 35) dialog: Don't hurt me, okay? Okay? Just take it. He motions with the gun, and she hands him all the cash from the drawer. (CONTINUED)
97) 39) dialog: I'm sorry. It's Fourth of July. We haven't been that busy. Warren stares at her, hopped up, not ready to go yet. Amy is weeping with fright.
97) 42) dialog: (crying out) Please! Not that! In the rear of the store, the TOILET FLUSHES. Warren looks back toward the bathroom, startled. His face: wide-eyed. Suddenly he SHOOTS Amy in the chest. Amy falls back behin the counter, gurgling. In a flash, Warren is on top of her. He rips the locket from around her neck and pulls a ring off her finger. We can hear the bathroom DOOR OPENING. He sees the service entrance, jumps up and runs out. We see him scampering through the service entryway, out the screen door, through the parking lot to his beat-up car. The MOTOR is already RUNNING. Warren jumps in, tosses the locket on the seat beside him, and PEELS OUT. We see Warren's car leave the parking lot and drive. About a block away, a man is mowing his lawn and looks up at the car.