21) 18) dialog: Steve, thank God. Where are you?
21) 26) dialog: And you worked all weekend. She didn't see you at all. You know how she loves her daddy.
21) 33) dialog: That's awful. What do they want, you to fill in for her?
31) 0) text: Everett slams the door of his car as he gets out. The CAR keeps COUGHING and SPUTTERING as he glances at his watch: 12:50. He looks up at the small apartment building where he lives. There, at the bedroom window, is his wife BARBARA. She is young, elegant, even beautiful, but she looks hurt and surprised, as if someone had just slapped her across the face. She has pushed back a white curtain and is watching Everett approach. Their eyes meet. She does not smile. She lets the curtain fall and disappears.
32) 0) text: Barbara opens the door and lets Everett in.
33) 0) text: Everett enters, raising his hands in apology. Barbara doesn't react.
33) 4) dialog: In the old days, I would have smelled the Scotch. Now I just think you don't give a damn. Now it's Everett who looks as though he's been slapped. He takes a deep breath and moves toward the living room. There, in front of the TV, sits his 4-year-old daughter, KATE. At the sight of her dad, Kate turns away from her umpteenth viewing of Cats Don't Dance, and her chubby face blossoms into smiles. She climbs to her feet and runs toward her father.
33) 10) dialog: Shoes're in her room. I'1l get them. She leaves. Kate reaches for the remote and punches the stop button. On the TV screen, the animals disappear, giving way to Dale Porterhouse, C.P.A.
33) 24) dialog: (looking hurt) Steve! What now? Everett holds up a finger. The PHONE is RINGING on the other end. On the television, Frederick Robertson, a stolid, impressive man in a cheap suit and tie, is talking.
33) 39) dialog: Steve! Please! Don't take your beeper!
33) 50) dialog: You're not. Everett heads for the bedroom with Kate in his arms; he calls back to Barbara as he walks.
35) 4) dialog: ‘Bye, sweetheart. Have a great time! Everett opens the door, looks back, cocks an eyebrow at Barbara. She purses her lips and turns away. Everett and Kate go out.
35) 6) dialog: (behind him) You have the car seat? Everett's face: oh no, the car seat. He hands Kate to Barbara.
36) 3) dialog: (yelling to him) Is everything all right?
37) 0) text: Barbara and Kate wait on the sidewalk, each clutching the side of a stroller. Everett springs from the car.
40) 0) text: Barbara opens the door as Everett reaches for it. Kate is festooned with zoo paraphernalia: zoo cap, T-shirt, badges, sunglasses. She's holding an enormous, dripping ice cream cone. She has Band-Aids on her forehead and upper arm, and a nice scrape across her cheek. Her screams have been reduced to a few pathetic but insistent hiccups. Kate's arms fly out towards her mother. She takes her and begins to examine her wounds while she whimpers in her neck.
40) 3) dialog: What is wrong with you! He is about to reply, but she closes the door in his face. He stands for a moment, with a look on his face that says, "What is wrong with me?"
82) 7) dialog: Hello... Yes, this is... yes, Steve's wife. Why? Has something happened to him?
94) 0) text: Barbara is sitting over an empty cup of coffee, rubbing the fingers of her left hand with her right. Everett sits down next to her, almost says something, and finds he cannot. Then he looks at what she's doing with her hands. (CONTINUED )
94) 3) dialog: If that were a bullet, you'd be dead. Everett picks up the ring and examines it. The inscription on the inner curve reads: "Steve and Barbara." A long silence.
94) 5) dialog: What's the difference who called me? Everett shrugs. Right; makes no difference.
94) 6) dialog: It's over, Ev. I know you're going to apologize. I know you'll try and do better. Honey, it's too late.
94) 8) dialog: Good time to think of it, Ev.
94) 10) dialog: Ev, it isn't just today.
94) 14) dialog: Ev, I feel sorry for you. You and your famous nose for a story. You think you can just sniff your way along, you know, from one hunch to another, one woman to another, one drink to another when you're drinking. But people aren't stories, Ev. You can't line up all the facts and think you know something. Your hunches are shit, Ev. Even when they're right, they're shit.
94) 16) dialog: Well, I hope they do somebody some good one of these days, because they haven't done a thing for this marriage. (beat) I've packed your stuff. You can take it now or come back for it later.
94) 18) dialog: Get out of here, Ev. (beat) Get out! He sits for a moment, staring down at the table, pressing his lips together so they won't tremble. Then he puts the ring in his shirt pocket, gets up, and leaves.