9) 0) text: We're in the bowels of the building. Two large presses crank out the next edition. It's hot and noisy and dirty down here, just the way ALAN MANN likes it. Alan emerges from the cafeteria carrying an extra large Styrofoam cup of coffee. He stops to schmooze with the guys who run the presses -- newspaper guys, ink-stained and tough. Alan is tall and broad-shouldered, with a belly that hangs over his belt; he looks like an athlete gone to seed. He's the newspaper's editor-in-chief. BOB FINDLEY, the city editor, is younger and softer. As he approaches Alan, he is wearing a neatly-pressed pink shirt and a cheerful tie; no jacket. Bob composes his face and takes a deep breath. He prides himself on being caring. Just now, he has the look of a man who is about to impart some serious news.
9) 1) dialog: You hear?
9) 3) dialog: What a tragedy.
10) 2) dialog: (a pained smile) I don't know. It was up at -- you know, that vicious turn onto the parkway? They ought to do something about that place. (CONTINUED)
10) 6) dialog: She had that interview with Frank Beachum at San Quentin. Then she was going to witness the execution tonight.
10) 8) dialog: It's a little worse for Michelle, Alan.
11) 0) text: A large, chaotic open space partitioned into smaller cubicles. Alan crosses the city section where a handful of reporters are making phone calls and pecking away at computer keyboards. Bob follows, a few paces behind.
11) 1) dialog: I don't know if the warden'1ll go for a replacement on the interview with Beachum. But I thought I'd take Harvey off the fraud meeting and --
11) 3) dialog: Steve? Uh, Steve's got the day off.
12) 0) text: Alan strides in, with Bob right behind him. Bob shuts the door. Alan stands behind his desk.
12) 4) dialog: I don't think he's an asshole.
12) 6) dialog: (earnestly) I know that, Alan. It's just, Everett thinks everything's a big investigative witch hunt. Like on that Mike Vargas piece --
12) 8) dialog: Right. Two months ago he was a drunk, now he's sober -- if you say so, Alan. Anyway, that's beside the point. The point is, this isn't a Steve Everett slash-and-burn job. It's a sidebar. It's an issue piece.
12) 10) dialog: Come on, Alan. Capital punishment -- you know. I mean, the state is putting aman to death tonight. Killing a human being.
12) 12) dialog: Okay, yeah. That's part of the issue.
12) 16) dialog: No. No.
12) 18) dialog: I guess I should call Steve Everett then. Because that's his attitude exactly.
12) 20) dialog: I've heard a coupla things.
12) 22) dialog: So?
12) 24) dialog: All right. All right, it's your paper. (CONTINUED)
14) 0) text: On the mussed bed, looking wondrously shapely and wondrously naked, is PATRICIA FINDLEY, Bob's wife. She watches Everett's approach admiringly, but there is something sardonic in her smile. Everett puts the ashtray on a bedside table.
19) 0) text: As Everett enters, he sees Bob Findley watching him from the city desk at the far end of the room. Suddenly Everett is terribly self-conscious; every step feels wrong. He walks, hands in pocket, as casually as he can. As he reaches the city desk, Jane March looks at him, looks at Bob, looks back at him.
19) 2) dialog: You got my message.
19) 4) dialog: Apparently, it seems we have a problem, you and I. Everett's synapses go on alert, constricting the majority of his favorite muscles. He waits. Bob shuffles some papers.
19) 8) dialog: Yes. We do.
19) 10) dialog: Michelle Ziegler was killed last night in a car wreck. Everett wasn't expecting this. The news knocks the wind out of him. He holds onto the desk to steady himself.
19) 14) dialog: (watching him) Michelle had an interview scheduled today with Frank Beachum.
19) 16) dialog: She also had an interview with him. At four, face-to-face in the Deathwatch cell. Alan wants you to cover for her.
19) 20) dialog: A college student. Amy Wilson She was working the summer in Richmond, place called Pocum's Grocery. Owed Beachum ninety-six bucks or something -- repairs he'd done on her car. He shot her dead.
19) 22) dialog: Black, tough. Mechanic over at the Amoco station on Clayton. Jane is reading the Beachum file.
20) 7) dialog: Okay, okay, don't overload him. All I want is the human interest, all right? Death row, the final day, what's it like.
20) 9) dialog: (too deliberately) That's all, Steve.
20) 13) dialog: Something more you want to talk about, Steve?
20) 15) dialog: (much too softly) The shots.
20) 18) dialog: (very controlled) I don't know, Steve. I don't know if he heard the shots or not. Maybe he did. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
20) 21) dialog: What I would like you to do please is to get an interview with Frank Beachum about his feelings today. Then I would like you to write it up as a human interest sidebar. Do you think you can just do that please?
20) 23) dialog: Thank you. Everett turns on his heel. Jane lets out a long breath. Everett zips back down the aisle. Jane nods at Bob and follows him.
56) 0) text: Bob is staring malevolently as Everett strides toward Alan Mann's office. As Everett passes Jane, she looks up at him and then back down, shaking her head. Inside Alan's office we can see the editor talking with a very distinguished-looking, gray-haired man in an expensive suit. This is HENRY LOWENSTEIN, the newspaper's owner. Everett knocks on Alan's glass wall, and Alan motions him in.
60) 0) text: Everett makes a beeline for the supply room. In the b.g., we can see Bob watching him, giving him the evil eye. Everett looks at the clock.
61) 0) text: Everett enters and begins scouting for pads. He grabs two from a pile and shoves them into his back pocket. He takes a couple of Bics and clips them to the pocket of his shirt. He turns. Bob Findley is standing in front of him, smiling a mirthless, pitying smile. Everett watches him in horror.
61) 1) dialog: You know, I don't know what to say to you. All day, I've been trying to think of what to say to you.
61) 3) dialog: (a bitter laugh) You know, I really don't think you are. I actually don't think you're capable of feeling sorry. I don't think you're capable of feeling anything for others. This hits Everett unexpectedly hard.
61) 5) dialog: She told me.
61) 7) dialog: Patricia saved some of your cigarette butts. Left them in an ashtray by her bed. That was her way of telling me. Another blow. For a moment, Everett is stunned. (CONTINUED)
61) 11) dialog: You're right, Steve. It doesn't help anything at all. Bob exits, leaving Everett in the supply room.
79) 0) text: As Everett walks in, he sees Bob Findley smiling at him!-- a tight, terrible little smile that says: I have you by the balls. Everett goes to his desk, turns on his computer, and unwraps a ham sandwich. He lets out a long sigh. At the desk next to him, TOM DONALDSON, a plump reporter in his forties, rolls his chair over. He holds a glass of Scotch.
79) 16) text: At the other end of the room, Alan is opening his office door to look out. And Bob is standing up from the city desk, ready to join the attack.
80) 0) text: Alan waves Everett inside, and Bob comes in behind him, smiling his tight, satisfied little smile.
80) 4) dialog: I'm not happy. Why would you say that? Alan sits down and rubs his forehead.
80) 7) dialog: No, Steve. He just figured you were back on the booze. And by the way, there's no smoking in this building.
80) 9) dialog: (looking surprised) This isn't a personal matter, Alan. This was an important story. I gave Steve very specific instructions on this. The paper made promises to Plunkitt...
80) 11) dialog: (rolling his eyes) Oh.
80) 16) dialog: (more in sorrow than anger ) That's not the point.
80) 19) dialog: Fine. But that's still not the point.
80) 21) dialog: (very deliberately) The only point is that I can't work with you anymore, Steve. Maybe you're a good reporter. Everyone says so. But there are other good reporters and they don't have your attitude and they follow instructions. I can't work with you. Alan lets out a low moan. Everett smokes, studying the floor. Bob gazes at him righteously. Then Everett explodes.
80) 23) text: Bob's head goes back a little, but he retains his icy calm. (CONTINUED)
80) 26) dialog: I guess we can't all live in the world of your imagination, Steve. I'm not going to hit anybody, no matter what they want. If Patricia needs some other kind of relationship, she'll have to go find that. But my marriage is none of your business. What matters is that you're a thoughtless, mentally unbalanced man, and I can't work with you anymore. Alan moans again, covering his eyes with his hand. Suddenly, Everett realizes that he's losing his job. He turns to Alan.
80) 29) dialog: I don't think we should confuse two separate issues.
80) 31) dialog: Look, even if he knows who shot Kennedy! --
80) 42) dialog: This is ridiculous.
80) 45) dialog: Have you tried the Yellow Pages? Under Ss? Everett angrily stubs out his cigarette and turns toward the window. Bob moves toward the desk, a mournful look on his face.
80) 46) dialog: Alan, I'm sorry. I really am. I know this is causing problems for everybody, but I want to be clear about this. I'm ready to leave. I love this paper, but I'm not going to spend my life in an environment that has become intolerable. Everett watches the traffic. The buses are still rolling. People still go about their business.
80) 53) dialog: Just how much notice do you want, Steve? Everett looks up at the clock. We see it, too: 5:53.