7) 6) text: Green grass, sunshine, a small white house against a blue sky. BONNIE, a pleasant-looking young black woman, calls to him from the barbecue. In her hand is a small brown object, which she waggles back and forth. From under the sound of the mower, the COOING of a BABY. We LOOK DOWN AND TO THE RIGHT: There's a plastic sandbox shaped like a turtle, and in it is Frank's little daughter, GAIL, whacking the sand with her shovel and cooing at her father. Beachum's gaze returns to Bonnie, still calling to him, waggling something.
43) 12) dialog: Hi, Daddy. I brought you a picture but I'm not finished so I have to finish. Beachum clutches at his girls through the bars, fighting back tears, searching for strength.
43) 17) dialog: Daddy, I'm going to finish my picture.
43) 22) dialog: Look, it's green pastures, Daddy. See? This is the blue sky. I made it at the motel. Daddy? It's not finished yet.
43) 29) dialog: I can't find green, Mama. Do you have it?
43) 31) dialog: (getting perturbed) Well, I can't find it. (CONTINUED)
43) 36) dialog: It's lost! I can't find it anywhere!
43) 38) dialog: (crying now) I have to have green! It's green pastures!
43) 41) dialog: It has to be green! It has to be green! It's green pastures!
50) 8) dialog: (uplifted) Green Pastures!
62) 2) text: Beachum and Gail huddled closely on the cot.
62) 4) dialog: Can we come back tomorrow? Can we stay at the motel again?
62) 6) dialog: I don't want to go back. I want to stay with you. She begins to whimper and cry.
62) 8) dialog: Yes...
62) 15) dialog: Why can't you just come home? You should just kill all these people and come home! The guard starts to pull her away. Beachum puts an arm over his face -- this is more than he can bear. Bonnie holds her face in her hands, sobbing. The door closes, but we can still hear her shrill little voice.
62) 16) dialog: Goodbye, Daddy! Goodbye, Daddy!
125) 13) dialog: Come on, Daddy! Come on now! Beachum stays another moment, giving Everett a long look. And Everett looks back intently, a bit the way he looked into the eyes of Porterhouse, and Beachum, too, that day in the prison. Then, slowly, Beachum raises his hand, lays his finger against his eyebrow, then lowers the finger and points it at Everett in a kind of salute. Everett raises his cigarette and tilts it back at him, and Beach laughs. Then Gail pulls him away, and Beachum wraps his arm around Bonnie's shoulder. The three of them go off. Everett smiles a deep, satisfied smile. He tosses his cigarette into the gutter and walks away. FADE OUT.