19) 0) text: As Everett enters, he sees Bob Findley watching him from the city desk at the far end of the room. Suddenly Everett is terribly self-conscious; every step feels wrong. He walks, hands in pocket, as casually as he can. As he reaches the city desk, Jane March looks at him, looks at Bob, looks back at him.
19) 12) dialog: Dead Man's Curve.
19) 23) dialog: Says here Beachum's one of those born- agains.
19) 26) dialog: Cynical.
19) 28) dialog: Came from Michigan -- broken home, alcoholic mother. He'd been in and out of jails, violent assaults, barroom fights, drugs, more drugs. Did two years in the state pen for beating up a cop who tried to give him a ticket --
19) 30) dialog: -- and then another three for breaking into a convenience store. (CONTINUED)
19) 38) dialog: Then he got out of the slam and met his wife. Nice girl, born-again. Led him straight to Jesus. They had a daughter, bought a house in Richmond.
19) 41) dialog: I guess not. Six years ago, July Fourth, he walks into Pocum's. Amy Wilson is working the register.
20) 2) dialog: Nope. Get this. He still says he just went to the store for some A-1 Steak Sauce.
20) 4) dialog: Looks like Nussbaum had two strong witnesses.
20) 6) dialog: Uh, let's see. Both white, looks like. Woman in the parking lot who saw him running away. And then this poor guy who drives in because his car overheated, he goes in the store to use the phone, and there's Beachum standing over the body, gun in hand, blood all over him.
20) 17) dialog: So he heard the shots. A long pause. Bob stands very still, growing redder by the second. His jaw is very, very tense. Jane watches him like a bus passenger sitting next to a ticking parcel.
20) 25) dialog: Close one. I don't know what you did to him, but he's on your case. I figure we were about two seconds away from a full Bob Findley explosion. Everett grins, shakes his head, and reaches toward his shirt pocket, half-pulling out a pack of cigarettes. Jane looks at him in alarm.
20) 26) dialog: What are you, crazy? You're gonna light up now, after Bob's big no-smoking speech last week?
20) 28) dialog: Yeah, that was smart, too. She hands him the files.
20) 29) dialog: Try to be a good boy, all right? She winks and walks away. (CONTINUED )
56) 0) text: Bob is staring malevolently as Everett strides toward Alan Mann's office. As Everett passes Jane, she looks up at him and then back down, shaking her head. Inside Alan's office we can see the editor talking with a very distinguished-looking, gray-haired man in an expensive suit. This is HENRY LOWENSTEIN, the newspaper's owner. Everett knocks on Alan's glass wall, and Alan motions him in.