2) 0) text: The warm wooden interior is hung with lanterns and ads for microbrews. At the bar sits STEVE EVERETT, a newspaperman with the face of a smart-ass. He has wicked eyebrows and a wicked smile. Everett is thin-waisted, broad-shouldered, and muscular from lifting weights. He is having a drink -- a non-alcoholic drink -- with MICHELLE ZIEGLER, a novice reporter who is very young, very alluring, and very ambitious. Her skirt is too short, and her lustrous eyes gleam with the superiority of the recent college graduate.
2) 1) dialog: Well, fuck ‘em.
2) 3) dialog: You call this journalism? You're telling me that --
2) 5) dialog: I'm serious. I've had enough of this crap. I'm going back to school, get my Ph.D. -- write things that matter.
2) 7) dialog: (laughing) And fuck you too, Ev.
2) 10) dialog: Not they. He -- Alan. Killed my sidebar on the Frank Beachum murder. If you ask me, something about the whole case stinks anyway, but what I was trying to get at --
2) 12) dialog: Hey, it was good, Ev. You gotta admit. Best stuff I've written in months.
2) 14) dialog: Which created the very violence that destroyed her! Exactly!
2) 16) dialog: Fuckin' A.
2) 18) dialog: It might've enjoyed that.
2) 27) dialog: Tell me something, Ev. If you're such a hot shit, what are you doing stuck here in Bumfuck, California?
2) 29) dialog: Well, you've come to all the wrong places.
2) 31) dialog: No. Unh-unh. Not smart.
2) 33) dialog: I gotta go. I can't do this. You're married and you're -- I can't do this! She gets up and wobbles out of the bar. Everett watches her, more amused than sorry. He glances at the bartender, Neil, who is just arriving with the drinks. Neil shrugs.
3) 0) text: Michelle exits into the rain, a sexy little grin on her face: "Next time for sure."
7) 0) text: Michelle swings the wheel violently; the car zig-zags and slides sideways into the gas station lot. The wall of the station hurtles toward us.
7) 1) dialog: Please! The CAR SMASHES head-on into the wall. Michelle rips through the windshield; the GLASS EXPLODES outward. The GRIND of METAL AGAINST METAL, and then, gradually, the NOISE SUBSIDES. The smoke settles, revealing a hole in the windshield framed by a crumpled steering column. The HISS of hot, leaking FLUIDS SLOWLY SEGUES INTO... ... the sound of a POWER MOWER.
20) 33) dialog: Beachum case. Okay. Victim, Amy Wilson, married, twenty-year-old coed, shot in the chest with a .38 as she stood behind her counter at Pocum's grocery in Richmond. Six months pregnant at the time; both she and the baby died. Okay, let's see. Two witnesses. Um-um-um-um -- right. First witness, Nancy Larson. Housewife, mother of three. Drives her car into the parking lot at Pocum's...
20) 36) dialog: -.. Larson couldn't see whether he had a gun or not. Uhhh, no weapon was ever found. Oh, but she later picked Beachum out of a police line-up, and that was the same line-up, uh, let's see, where Beachum was picked out by Dale Porterhouse, C.P.A...
20) 40) dialog: He was passing through the neighborhood. Car overheated, so he drove into Pocum's to call Triple A.
21) 5) text: He moves toward the counter, and as he does, we begin to discover what is behind it -- the corpse of Amy Wilson, her eyes open in horror, a hole in her chest, from which blood is still oozing. Porterhouse's SCREAM FADES BACK INTO Michelle's V.O.
21) 6) dialog: «+. Porterhouse calls the cops, picks Beachum out of the line-up that same day. Records later show that Amy Wilson owed Beachum ninety-six dollars for work he'd done on her carburetor. Note for future essay -- why so few female car mechanics? 33 29.
82) 5) text: We see a large warehouse-like structure -- the loft building where Michelle Ziegler lived. 103 104 105 106 102. McCARDLE 103 Moving on to test the black phone.
83) 0) text: We PULL BACK to see that Everett is trying to pick the lock of the outside door with a credit card. He has just dropped his flashlight; he picks it up again, and it shines for a moment on Michelle Ziegler's name on the buzzer. Everett monkeys with the credit card until he hears a CLICK. Only it isn't really a click. It's the SNAP of his CREDIT CARD breaking in half. He withdraws it and watches the other piece fall to the ground. His flashlight jiggles on it for a moment.
86) 0) text: Everett reaches the top and runs down the hall. When he gets to Michelle's door he collapses against the wall, gasping. Finally, he wills himself away from the wall, staring at the column of stalwart locks on Michelle's door. Somewhat daunted, he nevertheless fits the wedge of the tire iron into the jamb. The door swings slowly open. Surprised, Everett stumbles in.
91) 3) text: THROUGH the windshield, we see that he is coming up on Dead Man's Curve, the very curve that took Michelle Ziegler's life. (CONTINUED )
97) 0) text: It's the same bar we see Everett in at the beginning of the movie, during his last conversation with Michelle. Tonight, Everett is back on the bottle. The bartender, Neil, pours him another. ON the TV, a BALL GAME.