23) 1) dialog: Good morning, Frank. Shillerman stands at the cage, his voice soggy with compassion.
23) 2) dialog: I thought maybe... you know, if there's anything I can do, anything you'd like to talk to me about -- I want you to know I'm here, I'm available. Frank slowly reaches for a cigarette.
23) 3) dialog: I understand you're a Bible-reading man, Frank. That's right, isn't it? Shillerman's WALKIE TALKIE, strapped to his belt, erupts in a fit of SQUAWKING. He turns it down, but not off. It continues to emit STATIC and DISTANT VOICES. Frank lights his cigarette and draws deeply. Shillerman sits down in a metal chair and slides it next to the cage, leaning forward to encourage intimacy.
23) 4) dialog: But you know, Frank, just reading the Bible -- that isn't quite enough, is it? A man can't go to his Maker with the sins of his soul unrepented of. With the hurt he's done folks just... you know, unrepented of. Frank slides his chair around so his back is to Shillerman. (CONTINUED)
23) 7) dialog: There's a lot of folks out there who'd feel a whole lot better to hear that you were remorseful for the pain you caused them. You could do a lot of good with those words, Frank. (beat) Frank?
23) 9) dialog: Frank...
23) 11) dialog: Now... son. Son, I don't need to tell you that there is gonna come a time, and I'm afraid that time is not far off.
23) 13) dialog: ..+. when you may wish you'd made a different decision. But it'll be too late. There's no sense mincing words...
23) 21) dialog: Now, Frank, I myself would not want to be strapped to that table tonight with the wrongs I've done unrepented of...
23) 23) dialog: Because when they stick that needle in your arm, Frank...
23) 25) dialog: ... And you feel your blood run to ice...
23) 28) dialog: I'm sorry for you, Frank.
23) 31) dialog: All right, all right. I just felt, it may be upsetting, but I have a job to do here, and I, I just felt... Shillerman backs into the shadows. Reedy returns to his desk.
55) 8) dialog: Uh, 'scuse me, warden...
58) 7) dialog: I, uh, I myself had a personal heart-to- heart with the prisoner myself this morning, and, going by my experience with the men, he won't be any trouble, in my opinion. Plunkitt fantasizes the hard point of his shoe making contact with Shillerman's ass. Just then, a shadow falls across the table. The men look up and go silent. Standing quietly above them is the executioner. He nods to the men. They nod back somberly, and we see their faces, one by one.
95) 0) text: Luther Plunkitt bursts through a door, his rage suggested by the ferocity of his pace. Behind him, Reverend Shillerman, trotting to keep up.
95) 1) dialog: +. of course, you know, from time to time, the governor's aides will, uh, phone me on matters of concern to the governor himself... Plunkitt attempts to blast through another door, but it's locked. He smacks it and does a U-turn. Shillerman follows. (CONTINUED)
95) 4) dialog: ++. now in the course of spiritual counseling and ministrations, it's true that I might have misunderstood something the prisoner might have said to me... Plunkitt passes a small holding area. A GUARD leans out.
96) 1) dialog: .-. but if he says to me, meaning the prisoner, says to me ‘I'm sorry' and it's under these extreme conditions, then when the governor's aide calls me, expecting -- Plunkitt whirls to face Shillerman.
96) 3) dialog: Well, sir, I guess I --
96) 5) dialog: (calling after him) If any of the men feel they could use some counseling tonight, I'll be here. Long as they need me. I'll be here. 119 117.