7) 4) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, bu they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and open the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case without acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His fathe ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
7) 5) dialog: No! Claude's piercing, fierce look shuts him up. Claude looks the children - displeased. Then her eye catches something the periphery: in the front row stands Tanya. A round sha bulges from her skirt. CLACK CLACK - Claude walks straight to Tanya, right up to face. They stare at each other, the dark Tanya and the sn white Claude. Curtis stands a few rows behind, observing. Claude pulls out the tape and uses it as a pointer - she gently lifts the skirt with it. Tanya looks down nervousl to reveal: the makeshift ball. Claude glances at Tanya before she lets go of her skirt a turns to walk away. Tanya breathes a quiet sigh of relief Instantly, Claude signals to Fuyu. Two Soldiers run to Ta on Fuyu’s order.
7) 16) dialog: (throwing his shoe) Give me back my son, you fucking bitch!! Claude, at the Gate, turns back to the insulting voice as old shoe sails through the air and the heel smacks her directly in the forehead. Her steely expression does not change. Fuyu cries out in shock. Soldiers grab Andrew and throw him to the ground. Soldier boots kick and kick and kick the bloodied Andrew. Claude touches a pinky to the trickle of blood on her forehead. She looks at it, sucks the blood off and clicks away on her heels. Curtis' mouth hangs open in a shocked stupor. His eyes narrow as he watches the back of the departing Claude.
8) 0) text: Andrew, bruised and bleeding, kneels with his old shoe in mouth. He looks ridiculous. And weak. Soldiers, armed Policemen and high-ranking Officers surro Andrew to watch two gigantic men snip off his shirt with scissors. They are - the FRANCO BROTHERS - that appear to a strange, well-oiled machine. The Franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butch dressing a dead cow, greasing his arm with a blue liquid Fuyu consults his thick “Atlas:” maps show the intertwini rail lines. He speaks to himself.
8) 15) dialog: Aahhh!!! MASON (CONT’D) In the beginning, order was prescribed by your ticket. First class, economy, you get my drift. Eternal order is prescribed by the Sacred Engine. All life flows from the Sacred Engine and all things in their place, all Passengers in their Section, all water flowing, all heat rising pays homage to the Sacred Engine... MASON (CONT’D) ...in its own par-ti-cu-lar pre- ordained position. Yes? So it is. ON CLOCK ticking. ON DRAWING in Painter’s hand - Minister Mason with a shoe on his head. Mason, intoxicated with hi own speech, gets louder with excitement... MASON (CONT’D) Now, as in the beginning, I belong to the front, you belong to the tail. When the FOOT seeks the place of the HEAD, a sacred line is crossed. Know your place! Keep your place! Be a shoe! Mason dramatically finishes - he expects applause but doe not get it. He checks the clock - oops... MASON (CONT’D) Mmmm... We have some time left. Let us go to a special comment from Mr. Wilford, the Divine Keeper of the Sacred Engine... Fuyu gives an order to the Soldier at the back who turns speaker-type device - but its crackling noise fills the train.
15) 3) dialog: Andy! *
22) 0) text: Chan runs faster and faster, shaking and twisting, pantin and swinging the torch, getting faster and faster. An adult hand grabs the torch from Chan. It’s Andrew. Nak to the waist, he flies like a bat out of hell, holding th flame aloft like an Olympic torch. The stump of the sever arm shakes violently, drawing small half-circles in the a The screams and shouts from the bloody battle grow louder the torch moves forward. Suddenly, Andrew’s feet - only o with a shoe - get tangled and he falls down! Someone with the grace and speed of a tiger shark snatche the torch from Andrew’s hand - and illuminates his inscrutable face: Grey. 24 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 52.
23) 0) text: SOLDIER'S INFRARED POV: a bright white spot grows larger it gets closer. Grey, Andrew, Chan and dozens following them, bear torches. In an instant, the field of vision is awash with an exploding nova, blinding the Soldier. The Soldier, with a yelp, throws off the goggles. Grey's fist, like a supersonic piston, hits his face. He stagger back and Curtis' hand-axe buries itself deeply in his shoulder.
24) 7) dialog: Tell us or I’11 cut your fucking arm off! Even shorter than mine, you bastard!
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
29) 0) text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mas his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
31) 6) dialog: This is my son. Take a good look at the picture! The children are unfocused, lost in their own excitements shouting and making noise. A white KID jumps up with a ha raised.