3) 6) dialog: Counting.
3) 8) dialog: Shut up, Edgar. I’m thinking. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 4. Passengers in the far-off last row finish their count. Hundreds of Passengers crouch in neat, silent rows, their heads bob gently up and down with the movements of the tr SOLDIER 3 steps forward and lifts a megaphone:
3) 13) dialog: We will be different, Edgar. When we get there. When we get there.
3) 28) dialog: Sit down, Edgar.
3) 30) dialog: (steely) No. This isn’t the time. Gerald struggles as he is dragged away by Soldiers 1 and
3) 34) dialog: Shut up. I’m trying to count.
4) 0) text: Curtis moves past squatting Passengers chomping protein blocks. One after another, Passengers shake their heads - “No, not me” - as Curtis passes. Edgar hurries to catch u
4) 5) dialog: (Hands it back) Not it.
4) 7) dialog: Tanya!
4) 9) dialog: Tim-bo - did you find it?
4) 13) dialog: Got ya! Curtis snatches up the boy and lifts him in the air, and tickles him. Tim screams in delight and wriggles like a f on a hook.
4) 16) dialog: Gimme, gimme - come on, Tim-bo, give it up... Tanya, winded, arrives, huffing and puffing and laughing. Only Edgar does not think this is funny.
4) 18) dialog: What will it take? What do you want?
4) 20) dialog: In the whole wide train.
4) 22) dialog: The ball? Oh, no. Not that.
4) 24) dialog: Done. Tim ceremoniously hands Curtis the protein block. To Edga
4) 25) dialog: Edgar! Get Tim the ball. Edgar rolls his eyes and walks away muttering.
4) 27) dialog: You're my trusted number two!
4) 31) dialog: Thanks, Tanya.
5) 0) text: A sharp knife cuts the protein block, slicing through the hole. WIDER - Curtis cuts carefully and removes a small capsule made of metal and opens it: a rolled up RED PAPER inside. Curtis unrolls the Red Letter and reads the silver letter
5) 2) dialog: Yes. According to our informant, * he’s in the Prison Section now. *
5) 4) dialog: Nam Kung Min Soo.
5) 6) dialog: We'll just call him Nam. Like Vietnam. The tent flap opens and Edgar appears. Through the open f we get a glimpse of Tim kicking a makeshift ball made of rags tightly wound. *
5) 8) dialog: (grabbing it back) Edgar! Curtis takes the Red Letter to a metal wall where dozens others are posted. He puts the new one in the final position.
5) 10) dialog: Shut up.
5) 12) dialog: (sharp) Edgar! Curtis motions with his head for Edgar to leave. EDGAR op his mouth to speak but CURTIS’ look is steely. EDGAR turn pleading face to GILLIAM.
5) 15) dialog: (bitterly) I’m sorry. He’s an idiot. But he’s our idiot.
5) 17) dialog: OK. We’re here, Tail Section, Quarantine section, Prison Section. Gate, gate, gate. (MORE )
5) 19) dialog: According to what I saw today, there were 4 seconds when all three gates were open at the same time. We have four seconds to go through three gates and we'll be in the Prison Section to get Nam out.
5) 21) dialog: That’s right. (draws in a deep breath) If we can get him to cooperate, we can seize control right up to the front of the train.
5) 23) dialog: Yes. Everything in one stroke. We liberate the whole train. We control the engine, we control the world. If we don’t, we get nothing. Past revolutions all failed because they failed to take the engine.
5) 25) dialog: This time, we take the engine.
5) 27) dialog: (in a low voice) We waste him. A heavy silence falls between Curtis and Gilliam. They lo at each other calmly.
5) 30) dialog: You should govern the train now, not Wilford.
6) 0) text: ANGLE: On Curtis’ face deep in thought, as he lies uncomfortably in a cramped sleeping quarter, constructed of wooden freight boxes. Edgar lies right below him wide awake, looking up at Curtis.
6) 2) dialog: ...yeah...
6) 4) dialog: Edgar's eyes stay on the compartment above. All of a sudd they hear the sound of a couple breathing heavily, then t moaning sounds get louder...
6) 6) dialog: No.
6) 8) dialog: (sighs) Edgar...
6) 10) dialog: What would it be like?
6) 14) dialog: No. I mean the baby. What if nine months later, the baby is born... and the first thing he sees is this... this place. How would he feel? Curtis squashes a bug. Splat.
6) 16) dialog: That baby is going to grow up eating tasty soup and potatoes, steak too, in a clean, warm room at the front of the train. And he will go to school.
6) 18) dialog: Shit!
7) 0) text: FLASHING RED LIGHTS signal an inspection. Curtis and Edga run full out toward the Tail Section Entrance, jumping ov people as they go. At the entrance area, where the protein blocks are ration out, Soldiers shove Passengers into line. Curtis pretends join the rows while he keeps his eyes on the Gate. CLOSE-UP of a woman's high heels as she walks through the sliding gate. The camera moves up and we see CLAUDE (earl 30's), pale face and bobbed hair. Behind, following OFFICERS, SOLDIERS and armed POLICE. FUYU, a Japanese Officer, carrying an enormous Atlas and briefcase, stands just behind Claude’s right shoulder.
7) 4) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, bu they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and open the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case without acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His fathe ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
7) 14) dialog: 
8) 21) dialog: Not now.
8) 23) dialog: Timing is everything. Edgar seethes. Curtis looks at Andrew in fear and agony. Curtis closes his eyes. Mason drops his arm. Franco the Younger’s hammer swooshes through the air and crashes down on Andrew’s arm, which breaks apart with a sickening noise of something hard yet squishy. Fuyu cringes and looks away. Gilliam stands up, letting his rags drop. His entire body revealed for the first time. He has one arm and one leg each. But he has no trouble balancing himself. A lean, muscular YOUNG MAN gently squeezes a crutch underneath Gilliam’s armpit. Gilliam walks out towards Mason. Like the subjects of an elderly king, the Tail Section Passengers noiselessly mov open a path for Gilliam. The Young Man stays on Gilliam’s heels - his eyes darting about to locate danger. Other Passengers follow behind Gilliam, each of them miss an arm or a leg. Soldier 1 suddenly points his gun at Gilliam.
8) 32) dialog: (to himself) Not here... at the front. Curtis, standing in the middle of the row and eyes glitte coldly, stares at Mason who huffs and moves away. Music starts like a low heart beat. A montage sequence commence 10 11 12 13 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 21.
12) 0) text: Curtis, in dim light, steps over a pipe to join a BLACK M and ARABIC MAN trying to screw one sewer pipe into anothe
12) 1) dialog: Turn it around - you have it backwards. 14 15 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 22. The men lift the pipe to turn it around - Curtis dodges o of the way of a small object whizzing by his head.
12) 2) dialog: Hey! Curtis looks into the shadows - DARK FIGURES scurry away the shadows and hide.
12) 5) dialog: You want to live in this filth for the rest...?
14) 0) text: ANGLE - WE FLOAT along with the gun held by Soldier 1. Th focus moves from the gun’s magazine to close-ups of Curti and Gilliam. Curtis' POV: Soldier 1 moves farther away beyond the stee gate. 16 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 23.
14) 1) dialog: (quietly) * They don’t have any bullets.
14) 3) dialog: Did you hear Mason? He said - put down that “useless” gun.
14) 5) dialog: No - I think the guns are literally useless. They used up all their * bullets four years ago, in the last * revolt. Bullets are extinct. *
14) 7) dialog: It’s a revolution. We have to be * willing to pay the price. I'll die * first if I have to. *
15) 9) dialog: No Tanya, I’m sorry.
15) 13) dialog: OK, OK - huddle up. Army sets the pipe down with a loud boom. We see the pipe runs from here all the way up to the gate along one wall. the gate, Edgar, his chin on a cross bar, keeps watch. Curtis stands above his Army - seated on the pipe. He spe low but with force:
15) 14) dialog: Check your weapons. Make sure they are small enough to hide in your clothes. ON METAL ROD as ARABIC MAN slips it inside his belt and p his shirt over the top.
15) 15) dialog: Keep enough distance between the second and the third teams! At the rear... BLARE - BLARE - the alarm, the March tune and blinking li erupt surprisingly. Edgar comes running from the Gate.
15) 16) dialog: What...? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 26.
15) 18) dialog: Stop! Don’t panic! ...drops - BOOM. Curtis climbs on the pipe and shouts:
15) 19) dialog: Stick to the plan! This is it. The Passengers turn into a chaotic mass, running back and forth and slamming into one another. Curtis moves to his place - mid-line - while Edgar and Tanya hurry to the fro
15) 20) dialog: (muttering) Four seconds, three doors...
15) 37) dialog: The rifles.
15) 42) dialog: Ahhhhhhhh! CLICK - nothing.
15) 44) dialog: Go! Forward!
16) 0) text: Curtis, atop the Cart, Edgar and Tanya survey the fallen Soldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane. Heavily armed Prison Guards, equipped with shields, helme and dully threatening clubs flow out to meet the rabble.
16) 2) dialog: (shouting) Team 1 retreat!
16) 4) dialog: Team 2 forward!
16) 6) dialog: 
16) 13) text: «+. Now! Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his ba head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison ke on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berser pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. W the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar lock the steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roar with joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
16) 14) dialog: (slightly stumped)
16) 16) dialog: (reading) “Nam Koong Min Soo...Chronole Addict.”
16) 18) dialog: Edgar, hurry up and open it.
16) 20) dialog: Because I trust you. Edgar rolls his eyes - “how do I argue with that?” Edgar, annoyed, tries each key on the keyhole this way an that way. He inserts a small key and - CLICK. With an expectant smile, he pulls open the drawer. NAMGOONG MINSOO, a big-bodied, unruly-haired Asian man li inside, his face covered with an unshaven beard. Edgar po him with the tip of the key, but Namgoong is as unmoving log. Curtis shakes Namgoong who does not respond.
16) 21) dialog: Hey, wake up! Curtis holds up the cloth bag. He extracts a lump of Chronole. Gilliam standing next to him, pensively takes a sniff.
16) 23) dialog: Yes. It’s an industrial resource they used in the Cargo Section - highly flammable. If you inhale the stuff, you start to hallucinate. Sort of like opiates. I hear it’s big in the front sections.
16) 25) dialog: (to himself) The best way to control a druggie is - drugs. Curtis places a lump of Chronole under Namgoong’s nostril Namgoong suddenly wakes up, sniffing.
16) 28) dialog: Are you Nam Koong Min Soo? (no response) Kyungnam Corporation, security specialist? Namgoong looks at the faces hovering over him like a slee eyed, hibernating bear suddenly awakened. He projects a w vibe: goofy and mysterious at the same time.
16) 29) dialog: Are you the guy who designed and installed the door-locks and security provisions on this train? No response.
16) 31) dialog: Nam! Are you listening? Nam? Namgoong, tired, regards Edgar, then reaches on the wall snatch up a small machine labelled “Simultaneous Interpretation Service.” Namgoong pushes a button and the readout declares “Langua Code 27 = Korean.”
16) 35) dialog: Anyway, we want your cooperation.
16) 37) dialog: You can open all the gates in this train. Namgoong is silent.
16) 38) dialog: We're going to the front and we need you to open all the gates.
16) 40) dialog: For every gate you open, one lump of Chronole.
16) 42) dialog: It’s the best shit. Uncut. Straight from the barrel. Curtis flips the lump to Namgoong. Namgoong lets it drop the floor and stares at Curtis. Beat. He bends down, seemingly to pick it up but instead removes a piece of cigarette and a MATCHBOOK from his shoe. “Wow!” - everyone looks with eyes rounded like saucers.
16) 46) dialog: You're a fucking Chronohead so let me make this real simple for you. Help us, you get your drug. Don’t, we put you back where we found you. What’1ll it be, asshole?
16) 50) dialog: So you're coming with us?
16) 52) dialog: She’s an addict, too?
17) 2) dialog: Nobody...? Yona puts her hand out and shouts clearly in English:
17) 4) dialog: How did you know...? Yona rushes to Namgoong with her prizes - Chronole. Namgoong, holding a lump in each hand, claps and rubs the together with furious speed. The Chronole crumbles to dus which Namgoong continuously and eagerly sniffs. Yona, next to him, stamps her feet repeatedly waiting for turn until Nam passes the chronole to her. Sniffing, sniffing... Druggies. Curtis shakes his head and turns back to his Ar
17) 5) dialog: Forward! Move!
18) 0) text: Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilli and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfully kicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole. Edgar breaks the silence:
18) 7) dialog: Enough! We didn’t come for this. Everyone focus! Keep moving!
18) 10) dialog: (handing out the lumps) How did you know there wasn’t anybody in here? Yona does not acknowledge Curtis. Like a zoo monkey with banana, she snatches away the lumps of Chronole and hasti retreats. Namgoong’s efforts produce a bright spark. Yona suddenly straightens up - her head cocked to one sid she looks at the Gate.
18) 12) dialog: (not understanding)
19) 1) dialog: Paul? Paul jumps up and grabs a ceiling pipe. Hanging down, he grunts and swings, turning one of the valves in a weird w
19) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
19) 10) dialog: So you're the informant?
19) 14) dialog: CURTIS’ POV: the tank is full of millions of cockroaches, interlocked in a hellish vision of crawling, squirming movement. They seem to be cannibalizing one another. Crushed body parts are visible. The cockroaches are fed i a grinder that turns them to black powder.
19) 17) dialog: (to painter) You can’t draw this. Painter nods, still gagging, as he rips the page from his sketchbook and tears it up. ANGLE - the Army eats fresh protein blocks spewing from t machine’s output belt. Tanya, her mouth full, shoves bloc into her pockets.
19) 19) dialog: (looking at Tanya) This is the last time. We’ll never have to eat that shit again.
19) 21) dialog: We're going to the front - come with us Paul. Join us.
19) 23) dialog: Here - making that? Fuck that. Come with us - we’ll change everything. (Paul shakes his head) Isn't that why you’ve been sending us the Red Letters?
19) 25) dialog: You don’t...? Curtis snatches the capsule and opens it as he comes back down the ladder. Gilliam moves to join Curtis.
19) 27) dialog: .--Water?
19) 31) dialog: If we seize it - we'll have the upper hand, yes?
20) 10) dialog: Yona? Yona: “what do you want?”
20) 11) dialog: How old are you?
20) 13) dialog: You're a train baby, then?
20) 15) dialog: I lived in New York for seventeen years. Then the Tail Section seventeen years.
20) 17) dialog: Not that different from the tail section. Crowded and dirty.
20) 19) dialog: Yeah, pretty much. In New York, I was drifting around like a lost turd.
20) 21) dialog: I'm different now.
20) 23) dialog: Now I know where I’m going.
20) 25) dialog: To the front.
20) 27) dialog: Hey, Yona. Were you born clairvoyant?
20) 30) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 44. Curtis and Yona standing in front of the gate.
20) 31) dialog: Can you see what’s beyond this gate? Do you see anything?
20) 33) dialog: What is it?
20) 37) dialog: (rising and shouting) Teams 1 and 2 Forward!
20) 50) dialog: Get down! Watch your tongues! Clamp your teeth! Everyone gets down except Fuyu who walks to the window an Curtis who, kneeling, glues his face to the window-pane. CURTIS’ POV: as the train makes a stiff turn, the ENGINE can be seen - ridiculously far away. It’s silver, sleek rounded, bullet-shape nose races along the frozen landsca
20) 51) dialog: Wilford... The nose transforms into a sharp arrow-headed lance to pi the unseen snow and ice ahead. The front section races onto a precarious-looking bridge a vast valley of frozen ice fields. It is God-knows-how m hundreds of feet down to the valley floor in a descent al totally vertical. FUYU’S POV: massive white boulders of snow and ice block path of the rapidly approaching engine - closer and close
20) 55) dialog: Hold on! Once again, the train crashes into a large block of snow, shaking violently from the impact. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 47. ANGLE - Soldiers and Rebel Army crouch low on the floor. Beyond them - Yona and Namgoong stand straight up with Chronole held to their noses. Edgar sees them and shouts:
20) 58) dialog: He’s crazy - we have to watch out for him. Namgoong and Yona press their noses to the glass, they lo down at the dizzying depths below.
20) 67) dialog: 
20) 69) dialog: Fuck you! It is you who is going to die! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 49. Curtis' hand-axe, whistling through the air, somersaults toward Mason’s head but is intercepted by Franco the Elde iron club with a loud clang. Mason regards Curtis, half- insane with rage, with a preternatural calm.
20) 71) dialog: 
20) 75) dialog: (putting the interpreter earphone in) What did you say? Curtis turns to see: Namgoong, holding a pulled off panel squeezing Yona into the gap in the wall. *
20) 77) dialog: A tunnel?
20) 79) dialog: Light! We need light!
20) 81) dialog: Nam! Can you turn the lights back on!?
20) 84) dialog: Chan! CHAN! We need fire!
20) 86) dialog: To the rear! Chan! We need fire!
21) 0) text: Chan, crouching by Gilliam’s tent, hears his name echo ba to him. He gets up, wondering; then he hears, “FIRE!” He frantically reaches into his pockets to find the matchboo He opens it - three matches remain - and plucks a match. PFFFT - a tiny flame lights up the consuming darkness, reflecting on his face. He tears a piece of fabric of the tent and ignites it with the burning match. He wraps the burning cloth on a stick to make a torch. Curtis, far away, closes his eyes and speaks calmly:
21) 1) dialog: .--Run! Chan runs!
23) 0) text: SOLDIER'S INFRARED POV: a bright white spot grows larger it gets closer. Grey, Andrew, Chan and dozens following them, bear torches. In an instant, the field of vision is awash with an exploding nova, blinding the Soldier. The Soldier, with a yelp, throws off the goggles. Grey's fist, like a supersonic piston, hits his face. He stagger back and Curtis' hand-axe buries itself deeply in his shoulder.
23) 7) dialog: 
23) 10) dialog: (drags Mason to the front)
23) 12) dialog: Drop your weapons! Curtis looks briefly at Edgar - expecting to have his com repeated. A flash of anguish crosses his face but this is not the time. His anguish is replaced by a savage look. At that instant, the train exits the tunnel. Everyone instinctively shields their eyes, squinting.
23) 13) dialog: Drop your weapons, I said! Curtis pushes the axe-blade into the skin of Mason’s thro Beads of blood are drawn.
23) 15) dialog: Make sure they are tied together! There is no one to repeat his words: Edgar is gone. The soldiers are tied together like bulbs on a Christmas tree strung along a pipe. Curtis holds Mason firmly making sure he does not gaze at Edgar's body. He subtly twists his stance so that it lies outside his field of vision. Franco the Younger stares at Curtis' back as two Rebels t his hands in the back. CLANK - the PANEL right behind Curtis opens. Yona pokes h head out of her hiding place. Still not following what's been happening, Yona steps out, stretching her body. All of a sudden, Franco the Younger explodes in a blur - snatching a hand-axe from a Rebel and lunging at Curtis' head. Everyone catches this moment google-eyed, unable to move... Except Yona who stomps on a spear lying across a dead bod The spear leaps up, levered by the body, and plunges thro Franco the Younger’s side belly like a knife through butt
23) 21) dialog: 
24) 0) text: Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busy networks of water pipes and machinery. He walks past Namgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curt keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like a separated place from the section. ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya sho the portraits of Tim and Andy in his face.
24) 11) dialog: (stepping forward) Sent you to die for him, did he? Mason flinches.
24) 13) dialog: Call him - see if he will come and save you. Mason looks to Gilliam to stop this nonsense. Gilliam sha his head:
24) 16) dialog: We're going to rip you into little pieces... He still won’t come? Mason struggles to maintain his composure.
24) 17) dialog: We control the water. He’1ll have to come here if we turn it off.
24) 19) dialog: 
24) 21) dialog: Shut the fuck up! Curtis draws his hand-axe and puts it to Mason’s throat w a murderous look in his eyes.
24) 23) dialog: You can fucking die is what you can do.
24) 27) dialog: Why the fuck would I trust you?
24) 29) dialog: You'd sell out Wilford the Benevolent?
25) 0) text: Low singing is heard from the neighboring Section, a dirg for the fallen Rebels. Gilliam and Curtis sit together.
25) 2) dialog: Of course. We’re only half way.
25) 4) dialog: Ten cars, twenty cars, it’s all the same thing. It makes no difference unless we make it all the way to the front, to the engine. They'll just regroup and attack us again. We have to pull them out by the roots.
25) 6) dialog: Yes, many have died... Our Edgar, too. (MORE)
25) 9) dialog: That’s why we have to move forward. Or else he died for nothing.
25) 11) dialog: Let me go ahead.
25) 13) dialog: Let me take the strong ones. I’ve got Mason now - I can move more quickly. You stay here with the wounded. Guard our prisoners. When we have won - I'll bring you forward to lead us.
25) 15) dialog: I want to liberate the Tail Section. And I want to see the whole train, the whole world run by you...
25) 17) dialog: No... I don’t have what it takes, not yet... How can I lead when I still have two good arms and two good legs? Gilliam looks at Curtis gently, reaches out to Curtis’ le arm and rolls up the sleeve to see: an old but deep scar.
25) 21) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 60. Curtis, shameful, avoids Gilliam’s hand and pulls his sle down. GILLIAM (CONT’D) It’s better to have both arms. You can’t do much with one, you know. Especially when you hold a woman, it’s much better with two arms. Wouldn’t you agree?
25) 22) dialog: 
25) 24) dialog: What...?
25) 26) dialog: It’s been too long. I don’t think about her anymore.
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
27) 0) text: WHOOSH - the Gate opens to reveal bright sunlight. Even t ceiling is made of a special kind of glass. Full of vegetation and plants, this Section is ludicrously clean; everything is a pleasant, mind-cleansing green. Curtis and his rag-tag Army enter slack-jawed at the visi TENDERS in white lab coats, are equally surprised to see Mason bound and pushed forward.
28) 0) text: A huge aquarium with large fishes, a turtle and a rayfish swimming in blue water with bubbles. Yona runs, excited, into the section with joy. Mason is shoved forward - like a shield. Curtis and the others enter, flabbergasted to see the aquarium. 30 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 63. FRONT SECTION PASSENGERS do a double take, seeing the arm and ragged Curtis and his entourage, and move quickly awa Mason, to diffuse awkwardness, turns to speak to Curtis.
28) 2) dialog: 
29) 0) text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mas his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
29) 4) dialog: No - you eat this. You know what this is made of?
29) 7) dialog: Just crap. Eat it - every last scrap. Mason, frozen, stares at the protein block with a blank f Suddenly, Tanya reaches over and snares Mason’s sushi and gobbles it up.
30) 0) text: Curtis pushes Mason forward - he looks green, ready to vo into this Section awash in red: rows and rows of scarlet, skinned animals - curiously indistinct in terms of shape are suspended from the hooks. Bizarrely, a MOTHER and BOY are sightseeing, the Mother explaining what meat is. As Curtis and his Army pass, the Boy recoils, wrinkles his nose. Mother hustles Boy away a the Army proceeds in awe-struck silence to the next Gate.
30) 2) dialog: I am not your friend and why would
31) 17) dialog: Wilford?
33) 0) text: Curtis unrolls the Red Letter: “B L O O D” SNAP - the last remaining violin string breaks and the mu stops. The snapped string cuts Gerald’s cheek, drawing blood. Curtis, overcome with dread, looks at the Monitor: 35 36 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 73. ON MONITOR: Egg-Head steps through the Gate bearing an eg
35) 0) text: Curtis watches the Monitor in horror as Rebel Guards are down by the machine gun fire.
35) 1) dialog: Nol! Teacher pulls a handgun and a magazine from her basket.
37) 0) text: Curtis' attention is riveted on the huge Monitor. Grey slides up beside him, his eyes on the screen. ON MONITOR: in grimy, low-resolution the Water Supply Sec appears as a wasteland. An old man is dragged out from th back of the Section by two Soldiers. It is Gilliam. Curtis and Grey turn deathly pale. Curtis holds his breat ON MONITOR: Soldiers, aware of the camera's position, for Gilliam to kneel facing it. One pulls his head up.
37) 1) text: 39 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 75. Gilliam looks into the camera - calm, composed, resigned reaches out his one arm. Curtis is about to run toward the rear gate but cannot ta his eyes off Gilliam. Grey moves to the Monitor as if he could climb into it. ON MONITOR: Arm extended, Gilliam turns his palm up - he mouths “I am sorry." Franco the Elder enters the frame. H aims a pistol at the back of Gilliam's head and pulls the trigger.
37) 2) dialog: 
37) 6) dialog: We go forward!
40) 0) text: Curtis, with a fierce rage now, leads Tanya and Grey, wea his mask, down a corridor of extravagant guestrooms. FRON SECTION GUARDS approaching from the opposite side shrink with fear. One Guard, at the Gate, holds his ground.
41) 0) text: Franco and the two Soldiers herd the crying Children into next section as the train makes a wide turn toward the ri FRANCO’S POV: through the window, Front Sections are visi as the train bends widely, almost forming a big circle. Curtis' small team is visible in the Front Section. Franco aims the rifle at Yona’s head and fires. 43 44 45 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 77.
42) 2) dialog: Everybody down! The floor-to-ceiling windows, however, provide little protection. Front Section Passengers, who were enjoying their swimming, scream and come out of the pool, running way and that.
44) 0) text: BLAM - BLAM - shots hit the glass - most bouncing off and leaving ugly pock marks surrounded by spider web cracks a the heads of Yona, Namgoong and the others flat on the fl Curtis rises and shoots at the faraway School Section. Curtis and Franco square off like gunslingers in a Wester firing at each other as the curvature of the train become more acute. BLAM - Curtis' bullet penetrates the window and hits Fran in the arm. Franco stops shooting. He looks at the blood his arm and then across at Curtis. Curtis reloads and fir Franco comes out of his trance and returns fire. A snowflake gently flies into the train through a bullet hole. It flutters in the air softly in slow motion. 46 47 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 78. The gunfire and all sound fades away. Namgoong’s eyes fol the falling snowflake as it lands on Yona’s shoulder. NAMGOONG’S POV: the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow crystal in extreme close up, as if through a microscope. Then it melts away...
46) 0) text: WHOOSH - the front Gate opens just as Franco kicks the ba Gate inward. Curtis and his last Rebels rush through the Gate and Namgoong closes it behind them. The Rebels hurry past steam-bath units as the sound of Fr firing on the Gate behind is heard. Namgoong sets to work the next Gate but becomes agitated as he is having troubl Namgoong sees a crowbar on the wall above the panel. He grabs it and attacks the controls. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 79.
46) 1) dialog: Hurry!
46) 7) dialog: Tanya! Tanya, face to face with Franco, is surprised she is shot they are stuck together like dancers with the rifle betwe
46) 14) dialog: We'll find him when we get...
46) 16) dialog: I found it. Tanya’s eyes overflow with tears. Curtis kneels and holds out the portrait. But Tanya does not take it. Instead she pushes it back to Curtis.
47) 0) text: Curtis moves along a dark and narrow passage filled with loud noise of a nearby machine. Blood from his hand wound rolls down and drips to the metal floor.
48) 0) text: CLUBBERS in bizarre make-up dance under colorful blinking lights to loud throbbing music, rowdy shouting and laughter... WHOOSH - Namgoong and Yona enter carrying empty rifles wi bloodied Curtis on their side. Clubbers find them odd, bu keep dancing. Curtis has no interest in anything but the next Gate. A LADY spots Curtis and stops dancing. Her eyes track Curtis.
49) 0) text: Yona, drunk and shouting gibberish, follows Namgoong thro the unhealthy smoke of this garish den of marble floors, sculptures and littered with lumps of Chronole and ADDICT Many Addicts are “fashionably” dressed in Inuit fur coats over bare skin. Namgoong swings his rifle, smashing the Addicts down and taking all their Chronole. Namgoong beats an Addict and takes his Inuit fur coat. Th Addict’s skinny, naked body falls to the floor with a thu Namgoong shakes the coat and lumps of Chronole fall to th floor like nuts. Namgoong drapes the coat over his shoulder. He picks up every lump of Chronole. The Addict, behind, tries to grab Namgoong but Yona conks him with her rifle butt. Namgoong pulls the coat off another addict. The Naked Wom Addict grabs the coat and they engage in a tug-of-war. Curtis keeps moving forward straight through the murky sm drawn to a plate above the next Gate: Wilford Enterprises
51) 0) text: CLANG - a Gate opens and Curtis enters to find a narrow bridge stretching above a mass of unmanned machinery. Namgoong enters bearing a stack of Inuit fur coats. Yona, a coat, follows - they laugh and stumble. Curtis crosses the bridge. Namgoong and Yona follow but, upon reaching the other side, drop down on the steel plat below the next Gate. Yona, drunk as a skunk, flops over a snores hard clutching her bottle and rifle. Namgoong shakes the coats to release all the Chronole and tosses the coats away into a heap. He sits and gathers al the Chronole on the floor.
51) 2) dialog: 
51) 4) dialog: Chronole!? There. That’s all of it. Now open the gate.
51) 6) dialog: What do you know? All you care about is your Chronole supply.
51) 8) dialog: Trash like you would never understand what it means for us, coming all the way from the Tail Section to the front, to be standing at this gate... After 18 fucking years, I’m finally face to face with Wilford... You have no idea how long I’ve wanted this.
51) 10) dialog: You ever been to the Tail Section? Do you even know what went on back there? Amidst the sound of machinery, Namgoong loses his sarcasm stares directly at Curtis.
51) 11) dialog: No? Chaos. Total fucking chaos when we boarded. Fine - we didn’t freeze to death but we didn’t even have time to be thankful before the Soldiers - Wilford’s Soldiers - came and took everything edible from the storage crates. Left us with nothing.
51) 13) dialog: More than a thousand people in an empty iron box with no water, no bread, nothing. Can you imagine? No, you can’t. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 86. Eventually becoming absorbed in the story, Namgoong's fac begins to take on a similar expression to Curtis'.
51) 14) dialog: After three weeks, we began to eat the weak.
51) 16) dialog: We were hungry. We stopped being humans. We became animals. Do you know what I hate the most about myself? I fucking hate that I know what part of a human tastes good. I know that young babies taste the best. As Curtis' voice begins to shake, Namgoong's gaze intensifies.
51) 17) dialog: There was a woman in the Tail Section who had a little baby. One * day, some men with knives, pulled * the baby out of his mother’s arms. Put a fucking knife to his skull. And then. And then an old man stepped forward. No relation - just an old man...
51) 19) dialog: “Give me the knife,” he said. Everyone thought he’d kill the baby himself. The man with the knife gave it up. Then, the old man cut off his own arm. “Here.” Held it up. His arm. +e * HF
51) 21) dialog: “Here. Eat this! You are so hungry. Eat this. Leave the boy. Eat this.”
51) 23) dialog: I couldn't believe what I saw, it was the most shocking thing I’ve ever witnessed. Two days later, he cut off his own leg. Same thing. “Eat this. Here. Take it.” Again - the open palm.
51) 25) dialog: You've probably guessed who that old man was.
51) 27) dialog: The little baby was Edgar. (face hardens) And I was the man with the knife. I would have killed that baby boy. My Edgar. My number two. Gilliam saved him. That was the most important day of my life. After that, everything changed. I followed him. We all did. All of a sudden, we became human again. One by one, people began to follow his example, offering their arm or their leg. It was some kind of a miracle Gilliam created.
51) 29) dialog: Those who gave their arm or leg became legends in the Tail Section. I wanted to be one of them but... I... Curtis pauses. He looks down at his arm with anguish:
51) 30) dialog: A couple weeks later, the gate opened. Wilford’s Soldiers brought us protein blocks... We’ve been eating that shit ever since. But, because of Gilliam we were able to endure the last 18 years. And now I am right in front of Wilford’s door. This is what I’ve been waiting for. This day. This moment. (MORE )
51) 35) dialog: (a plea) Open the gate. Namgoong stares at Curtis. He takes the cigarette and matchbook out of his shoes. He throws them to Curtis.
51) 37) dialog: 
51) 39) dialog: ...open the gate.
51) 41) dialog: And freeze to death? You're fucking crazy. Staring at Curtis, Namgoong reaches down to pick up a thr coat. He begins to put it on.
51) 43) dialog: You freak.
51) 45) dialog: You were fucking high as a kite... INSERT - Scene # 21. Namgoong carrying Yona on his shoulders, walking towards the window.
51) 50) dialog: No fucking way, you're a lunatic. INSERT - Scene # 45: a single snowflake flutters onto Yon shoulder. An extreme close-up, as if seen through a microscope, of the beautiful crystallized hexagon.
51) 54) dialog: You know what you saw? Wishes. Frozen fucking phantom wishes.
51) 56) dialog: You should go easy on the Chronole. Look what it’s done to you! Namgoong looks blankly at the brick-size lump of Chronole his hands.
51) 58) dialog: Great. Open my gate and you can snort that fucking brick of flammable waste up into your skull...
51) 60) dialog: Fine. Whatever. Open... Namgoong pulls a WICK out of his pocket. Curtis is flabbergasted.
51) 62) dialog: No! You crazy fuck! If you wanna freeze to death, be my guest, but don’t fuck up my revolution!
51) 64) dialog: No way. No fucking way...
52) 0) text: Curtis looks around in awe at the jungle of metal parts: twisted pipes intertwined with machines like vines on a trellis. The heat generated from these machines is oppressive. The percolating sound is booming. A massive boulder of metal dominates the Section: the Eng
52) 2) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 93. WILFORD (CONT’D) (kindly smile, warm) Curtis, dear boy, there you are. Come in. Let’s have a look at you. Claude leads him to Wilford. She points to a chair at a table by the Stove, elegantly set for dinner for two. Wilford sautes potatoes on a skillet. WILFORD (CONT’D) Hungry? (Curtis is silent) You did a man’s work coming all this way. Curtis glances at Wilford. He is just an old white man. Claude takes up a high stool separate from the table. WILFORD (CONT’D) You are the first human to have walked the total length of this train. Tail to Engine. Did you know that, Curtis? Well done. Bravo. Gilliam has never been here - to the Engine. I’ve never been to the Tail Section.
52) 3) dialog: Why not? Too dirty for you? Don’t want to rub against the vermin of the Tail Section? What? Wilford expertly flips a steak and potatoes and adds a handful of mushrooms. He uses his spatula to point to his “station” - his Engine.
52) 5) dialog: Right. Poor fucking Wilford. Steaks, plenty of room, this whore to bring you whatever you want. At this, Wilford raises an eyebrow.
52) 7) dialog: That’s what people in the best place say to the people in the worst place. There’s not a soul on this train who wouldn’t trade places with you.
52) 9) dialog: Fuck you, you son of a bitch.
54) 8) dialog: 
54) 10) dialog: We? Our plan? Curtis’ face loses its color as Wilford observes coolly.
54) 12) dialog: Gilliam?
54) 14) dialog: Bullshit. I don’t believe you.
54) 16) dialog: You're a fucking liar. Gilliam would never...
58) 0) text: Curtis shrivels as he listens to the sound of gun blasts screams through the phone. Enraged, his face reddens as h grabs the fork instinctively. Claude swiftly draws her handgun directly at Curtis’ temple. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 99.
58) 2) dialog: Shut up! BLAM - Claude shoots the fork right out of his hand. PING the bullet ricochets off the engine.
60) 2) dialog: (nods )
60) 4) dialog: No...1... 63 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 102.
61) 9) dialog: 
61) 16) dialog: Get back! How dare you come here! Yona can’t understand. She stops in her tracks. She looks down to see what she is standing on. YONA’'S POV: her feet stand on top of the “WILFORD ENTERPRISES” iron plate.
61) 21) dialog: 
61) 24) dialog: You...
61) 26) dialog: You fucking bastard! Curtis hits Wilford’s face hard. Wilford falls to the flo but wipes the blood away with ease.
61) 28) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 106. Curtis grabs Yona’s hand, palm up, just like Gilliam. She feels something and opens her hand: the matchbook.
61) 30) dialog: Go! Yona runs to the Chronole Bomb, tears still streaming dow her face. Curtis reaches out with all his might to grab Tim’s weak shoulder. Tim looks up at Curtis but doesn’t recognize hi and keeps up his movement. On top of the Machinery Section’s viaduct, Namgoong and Franco are intertwined in a mortal, wrestling rumble to g control of the knife that lies far from the two. Namgoong the weaker of the two, suddenly grabs Franco’s BALLS.
61) 34) dialog: Andy! Andy immediately repeats the same hand gesture. He walks eyes blank, and opens another lid on the floor.
61) 35) dialog: No! Don’t go in there! Andy, eyes empty, crawls into the hole and finds his plac where Tim was inside moments ago. Wilford slowly pulls himself up.
61) 37) dialog: No...no! Yona, opens her eyes, stops her rhythmic breathing and WO fires the match. Yona puts the burning match to the fuse. The fire wildly chases towards the Chronole Bomb.
61) 42) dialog: Go! Curtis makes up his mind to give up his arm. He bites his tongue as he prepares for the moment. 64 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 108.
61) 43) dialog: 
67) 0) text: The Engine Section lies on its side. The burnt bodies are strewn everywhere. Namgoong Minsoo and Curtis Everett, released from their final embrace, lie side by side, burn bloody and riddled with glass fragments and metal shrapne Tim’s eyes are seen. They blink. Yona’s hand pokes out.