3) 4) dialog: Curtis - sit down. Sit down... Curtis sits suddenly - ignoring Soldier 2 and his gun.
3) 5) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
3) 7) dialog: Can’t you sit and count? You wanna get shot? You’re crazy...
3) 12) dialog: Violinists? Fuck that. Bastards in the Front Section listening to string quartets, getting massages, eating fucking steaks...
3) 14) dialog: (beat) I want steak. As the soldiers continue to shout, an elderly couple (GER and DORIS) hesitantly raise their hands.
3) 29) dialog: They can’t...we can’t just...
3) 32) dialog: Fucking bastards... Curtis stares at the gates opening as Gerald is dragged through - he counts on his thigh as Edgar prattles - 1-2- 4...
3) 33) dialog: ..-always treat us like this and always we just sit here in rows...
3) 35) dialog: We don’t count. SOLDIERS push a cart, with large wheels, filled with pitc black 'protein blocks' that look like chocolate bars. Ina familiar procession, Passengers line up in front of the c and receive their protein blocks. Doris, bleeding, holding her mangled hand, rises and move take a protein block. With bloodied lips she eagerly gulp it down...her flushed, swollen red cheeks twitching.
4) 0) text: Curtis moves past squatting Passengers chomping protein blocks. One after another, Passengers shake their heads - “No, not me” - as Curtis passes. Edgar hurries to catch u
4) 1) dialog: Curtis... (stares at his protein block) What does steak look like? I was real young when I got on the train. I don’t remember it at all. Curtis: “...”
4) 2) dialog: Is it square like this? I bet it’s damn fucking good, right? LATIN MAN suddenly stands and holds up his hand. Curtis grabs Latin Man’s protein block and finds a hole on the s like on a block of cheese.
4) 6) dialog: Not it. Curtis continues on, Edgar on his heels. TANYA, a large African-American woman, jumps up and down and waves.
4) 17) dialog: Give it up, kid.
4) 26) dialog: What am I - your fucking slave? Tim hurries after Edgar jumping up and down in excitement Curtis shouts after Edgar:
4) 28) dialog: Number two. Great, you know what that is - number two...? Tim holds up two fingers. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 9.
4) 30) dialog: Shut up. Curtis examines the protein block: at the bottom, a thin, deep hole. Curtis nods, satisfied. He smiles.
5) 7) dialog: (grabbing the Red Letter) What’s it say? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 10.
5) 9) dialog: (reading over Curtis’ shoulder) The hell... he’s in prison?
5) 11) dialog: If he’s such a great security expert why can’t he just break himself...?
5) 14) dialog: Tim! Tim speeds off as Edgar gives chase, their clamoring quic subsiding.
6) 0) text: ANGLE: On Curtis’ face deep in thought, as he lies uncomfortably in a cramped sleeping quarter, constructed of wooden freight boxes. Edgar lies right below him wide awake, looking up at Curtis.
6) 1) dialog: Sleeping?
6) 3) dialog: Good night then...
6) 5) dialog: ...-thinking about Alice, aren’t you?
6) 7) dialog: Bullshit.
6) 9) dialog: I guess it’s possible you don’t remember her so well anymore. It’s been what... 4 years since they dragged her off? She was one fine lady. The ever more agitated movements of the couple cause the boards to creak. Suddenly, scores of strange bugs crawl o from the boards.
6) 11) dialog: Damn fucking good. +e HF
6) 15) dialog: .-.cold. Edgar pulls a dirty rag up to his neck and lets out an ic breath.
6) 17) dialog: School? What was that again? The ear-splitting sound of clanking metal! Curtis, with lightening speed, pokes his head into the hallway. A SHORT SPOTTER runs the hall clanking a metal pan loudly with a stick. Here and there, anxious heads look out from their cubbyholes to check out the commotion.
7) 4) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, bu they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and open the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case without acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His fathe ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
8) 20) dialog: Are we just going to watch?
8) 22) dialog: (furious whisper) Not now? Why not now!?
10) 0) text: A MARRIED COUPLE lifts the wooden board that serves as th table to reveal a base of sewer pipes standing on their sides. A HEAVYSET MAN from the Army hoists up the pipes. INT. TAIL SECTION - OLD THAI MAN’S DWELLING Sewer pipes are neatly stacked for use as a display case. each round hole can be found crude household utensils. OL THAI MAN waves his walking stick at Edgar.
10) 2) dialog: Thanks for your cooperation! We really appreciate it. Edgar signals the Army to carry off the sewer pipes. Hitt the men's backs haphazardly with his walking stick, the O Man continues to shout in Thai.
11) 0) text: RUMBLE - RUMBLE - A group of BURLY MEN roll a line of sew pipes forward creating a heavy roar, making the whole Tai Section reverberate. Edgar, counting, doesn't see a pipe rolling towards his foot...
11) 1) dialog: Thirty one, thirty two... (after a shocked pause)
15) 1) dialog: One, two, one, two...
15) 17) dialog: Schedule change! They moved it up...they’re coming...they’re coming! In confusion, the Army lifts and drops the pipe with a bo Lifts and...
15) 23) dialog: Five, six, pick up sticks!
15) 26) dialog: Nine, ten - say it again!
15) 28) dialog: You're Seven!
15) 36) dialog: Now? Finally now? Curtis observes the Soldiers, the Carts, the Gates - the rifles. Edgar flushes with excitement and bloodlust. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 28.
15) 38) dialog: Fuck ‘em. We outnumber their bullets. Curtis. Curtis weighs his decision - this is the moment of truth. A LATIN WOMAN, chewing her protein block, suddenly clamps onto something. She pulls out a metal capsule. The capsul is passed hand to hand until it reaches Curtis.
15) 40) dialog: What the fuck? Open it! SCREECH - the gate begins to open... Edgar, impatient, grabs the capsule away to open it but fumbles it and it falls to the floor. Curtis watches a Soldier’s back walking towards the priso section opening the gates one by one. Edgar kneels to retrieve the capsule rolling away from hi At the moment when the three gates open at the same time, Curtis, with lightening speed, bolts for the First Gate. Edgar grabs the rolling capsule and tries to open it. Gilliam and all others stare at him in shock. Curtis charges at Soldier 1 who aims his gun:
15) 43) dialog: (shouting) THEY’VE GOT NO BULLETS! 17 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 29. EDGAR drops the Red Letter: “No Bullets.” Passengers overwhelm the Soldiers like a vast human tsuna Curtis viciously kicks Soldier 1 in the gut. The Soldiers fall like leaves under a hail of fists, steel rods and confiscated rifles used as clubs.
15) 45) dialog: Go! Forward! Tanya and Army lift up the sewer pipe-battering ram. BANG - the ram smashes into the protein block cart. The cart, stuck into the pipe, is propelled forward. Curtis jumps on the cart as it passes through the first gate, propelled by the awesome power of the Army. BLARE - BLARE - alarms sound.
16) 0) text: Curtis, atop the Cart, Edgar and Tanya survey the fallen Soldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane. Heavily armed Prison Guards, equipped with shields, helme and dully threatening clubs flow out to meet the rabble.
16) 3) dialog: Team 1 retreat!
16) 5) dialog: Team 2 forward! Team 1, breathing heavily, falls back while Team 2, the biggest men, move forward imposingly from the rear. Priso Guards, unlike the scurrilous Soldiers, move in a tight, streamlined manner to dominate the small Prison Section. BANG - the two groups clash; the blows from Team 2’s stee rods fall on the shields like rain. KIIIII - the train takes a curve, the open Gate grates on battering ram. The screeching noise is soon lost in the battle roars as Team 2 forces the Guards back in retreat. PRISONERS confined in oddly designed chambers scream thei heads off, encouraging the Team 2 Rebels.
16) 8) dialog: 
16) 11) dialog: (in a small voice) Um... Curtis? Curtis withdraws a steel rod and walks forward. Gilliam, at the rear, observing coolly, turns to the YOUN MAN behind him.
16) 13) text: «+. Now! Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his ba head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison ke on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berser pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. W the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar lock the steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roar with joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
16) 17) dialog: Chronole? Fuck that - we don’t want a Chronohead. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 32. Gilliam passes the bundle of keys to Curtis who respectfu takes it and then tosses it to grumbling Edgar.
16) 19) dialog: (fingering the key bundle) Why do you always give me the shittiest jobs?
16) 30) dialog: What’s wrong with you - you fry your fucking brain with that shit?
17) 6) dialog: Forward! Move! 19 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 37.
18) 0) text: Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilli and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfully kicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole. Edgar breaks the silence:
18) 1) dialog: Where the fuck is everybody? EDGAR’s POV: the Prison Guards have left in a rush. The floor is strewn with shields and clubs.
18) 3) dialog: Fuck me.
18) 8) dialog: Keep moving! Everyone tears themselves away from the endlessly unfoldi snowscape to look forward once again. Painter pulls out h sketchbook and furiously captures what he has seen. Namgoong opens a small panel on the floor by the next Gat Yona once again opens her palm to Curtis.
19) 2) dialog: Paul!
19) 4) dialog: Paul, man! I don’t believe it! How many years has it been since they dragged you...?
19) 8) dialog: Do what? Paul hurries away to another valve which he turns once an WHOOSH - the machine kicks in and begins spitting out pro blocks from its mouth. The Army gathers around the machin watching with curiosity and affection.
20) 2) dialog: (frustrated) Come on already! You're keeping us waiting? Namgoong looks around, not a bit flustered, pushing the sensor portion of the translator against his lower neck.
20) 4) dialog: That's right. You've been sucking on Chronole so much, your brain is probably protein gruel by now!
20) 6) dialog: That stuff’s the reason you’re such a head case, man!
20) 8) dialog: That’s the condition for opening the gate!
20) 38) dialog: Teams 1...! Edgar's command is drowned out as the Army rises up with roar and steel rods. CLASH - axe blades clash against steel rods - sparks fly! Bodies and blades clash and slice. The axe blades cut swa of silver in the air and push back the Army. Grey stands protectively in front of Gilliam. Curtis move Yona back, handing her to the retreating Namgoong. He joi the battle swinging a big metal bat down on a Soldier. He snatches the Soldier's falling hand-axe and kills him. SPLASH - blood is showered on Curtis' face. He does not hesitate: eyes burning with savage bloodlust, he swings a swings his newfound weapon. Sunlight pours through the windows. The sweat and blood o the galvanized bodies shine like jewels. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 45. The screams, shouts and grunts gradually dwindle replaced the cold metallic clanging of axe-blades striking steel a the rattling of the train. Arabic Man fights a Soldier with one hand while stuffing face with a hoarded protein block with the other. Fuyu enters with his Atlas and a Bullhorn. He consults hi Atlas, then his wristwatch and nods to an ATTENDANT who sounds an enormous HORN - WAAAAA. Fuyu lifts the bullhorn
20) 40) dialog: Yekaterina Bridge? It’s been a year, already?
20) 45) dialog: (abruptly shouting) Fuck it, I hate getting old... Fuyu leads the Officers chanting Buddhist-like prayers.
20) 56) dialog: Hey! Get down on the floor! Namgoong crouches down as if to follow Edgar's advice but instead, hoists Yona up on his shoulders. High on Chronol he walks unsteadily towards the window as Yona laughs.
20) 57) dialog: That guy doesn’t follow the rules...
20) 65) dialog: We made it! Curtis brandishes his axe in a fearsome gesture. Edgar an Arabic Man, flanking Curtis, raise their weapons. CLASH - the two sides form up and the battle resumes! Suddenly, a spear flies in from out of nowhere and pierce Arabic Man’s chest. As he falls, another heavy spear flie through the air towards Curtis. At the last moment, Curti deflects the spear with his axe blade. Everyone turns and looks in the direction from which the spears came: the Franco Brothers. With expressionless faces, the brothers advance. Directly behind, Mason appears. In this strange lull in the fighti Mason walks forward with a hard expression and a micropho His cold voice issues from the speakers:
20) 80) dialog: (feeling his way along the wall) Light!
20) 85) dialog: Chan?
20) 87) dialog: Chan! FIRE! Pass it on!! The call is taken up and relays back through the Sections Some do not even know what it means: “Chan!” “Fire!”
23) 6) dialog: Curtis!! Curtis comes to a full stop and turns to Edgar’s voice: Edgar, pale and trembling, is held by Franco the Younger behind, with a knife blade a millimeter from his throat. Curtis' POV: time slows down. The flame on the nearby tor dances languidly. Mason slowly seeps out of his vision, l sloshing liquid. Franco the Younger’s ugly mouth pronounc “S-U-R-R-E-N-D-E-R” in slow motion. Curtis hesitates one microsecond before turning his back Edgar. Edgar has a microsecond to register despair in his face, and then Franco’s blade punctures a hole in his nec Curtis, hearing Edgar's final scream, cannot look back. Instead, kicks the Aide-de-Camp aside and captures Mason his hand-axe blade touching Mason’s pale throat.