32) 0) text: EGG-HEAD’S POV: as the gate opens with a rumble, he comes face-to-face with Painter and the Tail Section Guards. Th look at Egg-Head’s smiling face suspiciously.
33) 0) text: Curtis unrolls the Red Letter: “B L O O D” SNAP - the last remaining violin string breaks and the mu stops. The snapped string cuts Gerald’s cheek, drawing blood. Curtis, overcome with dread, looks at the Monitor: 35 36 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 73. ON MONITOR: Egg-Head steps through the Gate bearing an eg
34) 2) dialog: Rumors. You know, there are many things on board that are rumored to be extinct.
34) 4) dialog: This. Painter raises his sketch pad like a shield. ON SKETCH PAD: Drawing of Curtis standing atop the protei block cart heroically leading the charge; in the drawing, Painter himself is seen by the side, sketching... BLAM - BLAM - BLAM - the sub-machine gun blasts fire tear apart the drawing and, as it drops, we see Painter, riddl with bullet holes. He falls.
36) 0) text: Egg-Head easily dodges flying hand-axes as he moves forwa firing. Rebel Guards fall in his wake, covered in blood. his non-shooting hand, Egg-Head clicks a counter. Egg-Head aims at the ropes binding the Soldiers. Freed Soldiers run to their comrades and untie them. A Soldier kicks over the cart. Eggs roll everywhere. Under the cart are more sub-machine guns and magazines. Soldiers quickly pick up weapons and fire: flames jump fr the guns, staccato ear-splitting sound of gunshots, screa of the Guards as they are punched full of red holes! Painter lies on the floor bleeding. An egg rolls in front him and he softly picks it up. CRUNCH - he barely takes a bite as his breath runs out. CLICK-CLICK-CLICK - Egg-head’s thumb on the counter. Guards run wildly in retreat towards the back of the Sect
38) 0) text: Gilliam lies in a pool of blood. 40 4l 42 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 76. Egg-Head leads the majority of Soldiers back towards the Section. But Franco the Elder and two Soldiers run the opposite way - towards the front.
39) 0) text: Tail Section Passengers, panicking, run from the sound of approaching gunfire. In the stampede, Chan quickly moves to the higher spot. CHAN'S POV: the flashing light of gunfire is seen behind rush of Passengers. Egg-Head and Soldiers appear pushing Passengers ahead with gunfire coming closer...
55) 0) text: The section has been totally seized by the Soldiers. Tail section Passengers, face down on the floor with their han bound behind their backs, sound off for Egg-Head and Soldiers. Egg-Head goes to a plate that reads “Wilford Enterprises” (the one behind Gilliam’s shoulder in Scene # 5) and slid open a panel to reveal an old-fashioned phone. Close up of Egg-Head on the phone. 58 59 60 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 98.
55) 1) dialog: Finished here. We await your instructions.
57) 1) dialog: Yes sir. Egg-head, still holding the phone, nods to the Soldiers. RA-TA-TAT-TAT - Soldiers open fire on the immobile prison Screams pierce the air.
63) 0) text: Chan, spared, looks up at the sound. Surviving Passengers Egg-Head and the occupying Soldiers look around wondering what is happening. B-O-O-M! - everyone flies up into the air.