8) 0) text: Andrew, bruised and bleeding, kneels with his old shoe in mouth. He looks ridiculous. And weak. Soldiers, armed Policemen and high-ranking Officers surro Andrew to watch two gigantic men snip off his shirt with scissors. They are - the FRANCO BROTHERS - that appear to a strange, well-oiled machine. The Franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butch dressing a dead cow, greasing his arm with a blue liquid Fuyu consults his thick “Atlas:” maps show the intertwini rail lines. He speaks to himself.
20) 72) text: The Franco Brothers and the Soldiers fit themselves with goggles. Mason follows suit.
23) 17) dialog: (pupils dilate) Franco the Younger, face contorted with pain, juts out a bloody hand and grabs Yona’s face. Yona looks down on him with a surprisingly calm gaze. Far from the rear, Namgoong runs toward Yona, pushing peo away. He violently kicks Franco’s bloody hand off Yona’s face. YONA’'S POV: over Namgoong’s shoulder wiping blood off he face, on Franco the Elder’s eyes. His cold, vacant eyes h Yona’s eyes for a long time. Curtis finally allows himself to move to Edgar's body. He kneels and comes face-to-face with Edgar - eyes and mouth open in a silent scream. Curtis’ wet eyes shake uncontrollably. Gilliam appears out of nowhere and shuts Edgar's eyes. Everyone watches the scene in silence. Gilliam straighten
37) 1) text: 39 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 75. Gilliam looks into the camera - calm, composed, resigned reaches out his one arm. Curtis is about to run toward the rear gate but cannot ta his eyes off Gilliam. Grey moves to the Monitor as if he could climb into it. ON MONITOR: Arm extended, Gilliam turns his palm up - he mouths “I am sorry." Franco the Elder enters the frame. H aims a pistol at the back of Gilliam's head and pulls the trigger.
38) 0) text: Gilliam lies in a pool of blood. 40 4l 42 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 76. Egg-Head leads the majority of Soldiers back towards the Section. But Franco the Elder and two Soldiers run the opposite way - towards the front.
41) 0) text: Franco and the two Soldiers herd the crying Children into next section as the train makes a wide turn toward the ri FRANCO’S POV: through the window, Front Sections are visi as the train bends widely, almost forming a big circle. Curtis' small team is visible in the Front Section. Franco aims the rifle at Yona’s head and fires. 43 44 45 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 77.
43) 0) text: Franco sets his rifle across a chair placed on a desk bef the window - in full sniper mode. Soldier A runs from bul hole to bullet hole trying to plug them with Children’s paste. Soldier B stands by - shocked:
44) 0) text: BLAM - BLAM - shots hit the glass - most bouncing off and leaving ugly pock marks surrounded by spider web cracks a the heads of Yona, Namgoong and the others flat on the fl Curtis rises and shoots at the faraway School Section. Curtis and Franco square off like gunslingers in a Wester firing at each other as the curvature of the train become more acute. BLAM - Curtis' bullet penetrates the window and hits Fran in the arm. Franco stops shooting. He looks at the blood his arm and then across at Curtis. Curtis reloads and fir Franco comes out of his trance and returns fire. A snowflake gently flies into the train through a bullet hole. It flutters in the air softly in slow motion. 46 47 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 78. The gunfire and all sound fades away. Namgoong’s eyes fol the falling snowflake as it lands on Yona’s shoulder. NAMGOONG’S POV: the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow crystal in extreme close up, as if through a microscope. Then it melts away...
45) 0) text: Soldiers A and B try to open the jammed Gate. Franco, without human expression, comes up behind and opens fire the locked Gate. The Soldiers dive out of the way and rol
46) 0) text: WHOOSH - the front Gate opens just as Franco kicks the ba Gate inward. Curtis and his last Rebels rush through the Gate and Namgoong closes it behind them. The Rebels hurry past steam-bath units as the sound of Fr firing on the Gate behind is heard. Namgoong sets to work the next Gate but becomes agitated as he is having troubl Namgoong sees a crowbar on the wall above the panel. He grabs it and attacks the controls. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 79.
46) 12) dialog: Aaaaah! Franco releases Namgoong’s neck who falls back choking as tries to get his breath back. Yona runs to help him. Franco turns to look into Curtis' eyes. Curtis twists the knife in his side. Franco blinks, then collapses. Curtis falls back, exhausted. A moist silence envelopes the Sauna Section broken by Tan still alive, holding the blood and guts in her stomach. W great difficulty: 48 49 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 82.
50) 0) text: We hear laboured breathing in the dark and narrow passage The camera slowly moves to the side to reveal Franco walk straight ahead, expressionless with grotesque fish eyes. 52 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 84. He gets snagged on something on the wall. He looks numbly down at the knife sticking out his side. He grasps it wit both hands and pulls it out, his face still expressionles
59) 0) text: Insane Zombies keep coming at Namgoong. He crushes one bu another takes its place. They blast vuvuzelas and do not retreat. Franco appears at the gate but stops to watch th battle, waiting for Namgoong to tire himself out.
61) 4) dialog: Got more ammo?
61) 6) dialog: Let’s end this. Namgoong and Franco engage in a mano-a-mano duel. Namgoon screams at Yona while trying to evade Franco’s blade.
61) 31) dialog: 
61) 46) dialog: (moans )