7) 0) text: FLASHING RED LIGHTS signal an inspection. Curtis and Edga run full out toward the Tail Section Entrance, jumping ov people as they go. At the entrance area, where the protein blocks are ration out, Soldiers shove Passengers into line. Curtis pretends join the rows while he keeps his eyes on the Gate. CLOSE-UP of a woman's high heels as she walks through the sliding gate. The camera moves up and we see CLAUDE (earl 30's), pale face and bobbed hair. Behind, following OFFICERS, SOLDIERS and armed POLICE. FUYU, a Japanese Officer, carrying an enormous Atlas and briefcase, stands just behind Claude’s right shoulder.
7) 1) dialog: Quiet, everyone!
7) 4) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, bu they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and open the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case without acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His fathe ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
8) 0) text: Andrew, bruised and bleeding, kneels with his old shoe in mouth. He looks ridiculous. And weak. Soldiers, armed Policemen and high-ranking Officers surro Andrew to watch two gigantic men snip off his shirt with scissors. They are - the FRANCO BROTHERS - that appear to a strange, well-oiled machine. The Franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butch dressing a dead cow, greasing his arm with a blue liquid Fuyu consults his thick “Atlas:” maps show the intertwini rail lines. He speaks to himself.
8) 2) dialog: .--Longitude 10 degrees 45... Fuyu closes his Atlas with a smack and writes calculation the Franco Brothers place a METAL RING around Andrew’s ar just below his armpit. On the wall, above Andrew’s kneeli form, is an identical metal ring.
8) 3) dialog: At this high elevation, we need only 7 minutes. Tail Section passengers grimace in anger, pain and sympat A few turn around to regard Curtis whose face also regist pain and rage. Gilliam is glimpsed behind him. Fuyu suffers a pang of remorse looking at Andrew, before putting a hefty clock on Andrew’s neck. It’s a timer cloc being used for measuring cooking time. He pushes the butt to activate the clock. Fuyu turns around and bows politely to a well-dressed, we groomed middle-aged man who comes forward. He is MINISTER MASON who appears rather mild and cultured.
8) 4) dialog: Seven minutes allotted for your speech, sir. Mason nods and picks up a wireless microphone, standing i front of Andrew, whose face is distorted in great pain.
8) 6) dialog: (in Japanese) This is so disappointing.
8) 8) dialog: (in French) This is so disappointing.
8) 11) dialog: (sullenly silent)
20) 39) dialog: (beep from the bullhorn) Passing Yekaterina Bridge! Curtis and the Soldier he is fighting stop and peek outsi the window. It dawns on everybody what is happening. Soldiers and Army alike, breathing hard, stop fighting an drop their weapons to look out the window.
20) 41) dialog: Ten seconds to Yekaterina Bridge! Ten, nine... Everyone joins in the countdown in a babel of languages:
20) 43) dialog: (loudly, through bullhorn) Happy New Year!
20) 46) dialog: Youkiguni dai zohachinen, engine yo aei en ni. (The 18th year of the snow piercer, Engine be forever!)
20) 48) dialog: Everybody down! Edgar drops face down on the floor. Everybody follows sui A Soldier with a peculiar helmet prays.
20) 49) dialog: (in French) Everybody down! (in Japanese) Everybody down!
20) 52) dialog: 
20) 54) dialog: Not yet! A second one!
20) 61) dialog: Yukino katamarida~! The train smashes through snow boulders - white, crystall fragments slide off into the valley, so far down they get lost in the white. Lurching wildly, the train shakes left and right, up and down... Tumbling, the people roll and crash into each other. With Yona on Namgoong's shoulders, the two become even more excited and shout loudly.
20) 63) dialog: Safe passage! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 48. The train moves off the perilous bridge onto solid ground Everyone - Soldiers and Army alike - rise and cheer; peop cross themselves, others embrace, some resume chanting:
20) 83) dialog: Nana, Hachi... Mason, like a school principal inspecting a children’s exercise, watches calmly. Curtis' face shows despair for the first time, as the bod of his Army pile up. Then, suddenly remembering: INSERT - (from Scene # 17) image of Namgoong dropping the matchbook on the floor and Chan snatching it up. 22 23 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 51.
23) 2) dialog: Surrender! Everyone stops and turns their attention to Grey and Fuyu
23) 3) dialog: Surrender! He will kill me if we don’t surrender! Fuyu’s desperate eyes plead with Mason. Mason shrugs: “So what?” Fuyu, disappointed, mumbles:
23) 4) dialog: Anatawa hontoni ganbekki desune... Grey slashes his throat in an instant and leaps towards Mason. Franco the Elder blocks his path. Franco and Grey engage in a spectacular fight-to-the-death battle. Mason slinks towards the forward Section. Grey, while fighting off Franco the Elder, finds a split-second to th his dagger at Mason, hitting him in the thigh.