5) 1) dialog: Red letter? * ANGLE - GILLIAM (70's), sits against the back wall of the train, wrapped entirely in rag-like clothes with only his face protruding. *
5) 3) dialog: So his name is... * (reading) * N, A, M, K, U...
5) 5) dialog: Strange name. Nam Koo Soo what?
5) 13) dialog: Out. Edgar, pissed, hurt, reluctantly leaves the tent - he get struck in the head by the ball as he exits. The flap clos
5) 16) dialog: Young. These train babies. Again, calm silence hangs between them. Curtis takes a de breath then puts protein blocks onto a small table to represent train cars:
5) 20) dialog: Our fate depends on this Nam guy?
5) 22) dialog: To the very front section...
5) 24) dialog: So... what are you saying?
5) 26) dialog: Then what...?
5) 28) dialog: «+. Wilford? Curtis nods. train floor:
5) 29) text: Gilliam's gaze fixes on a metal plate on the Property of Wilford Enterprises. carved in relief on an impressive iron metal plate on the wall: Wilford Enterprises
5) 33) dialog: I’m a shrunken old man. My day was decades ago...
8) 26) dialog: 
8) 28) dialog: Minister Mason. Please deliver a message to Mr. Wilford.
8) 30) dialog: Tell him, he and I need to talk. Mason is taken aback and cannot come up with a response.
14) 0) text: ANGLE - WE FLOAT along with the gun held by Soldier 1. Th focus moves from the gun’s magazine to close-ups of Curti and Gilliam. Curtis' POV: Soldier 1 moves farther away beyond the stee gate. 16 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 23.
14) 2) dialog: Why do you say that?
14) 4) dialog: He meant he would not give the order to shoot me.
14) 6) dialog: If you're wrong, we could be * finished before we start. *
15) 0) text: STEADICAM SHOT: On the walls of this dwelling are countle drawings like illustrations in a history book: People Climbing Aboard the Train; Stampede of Passengers; Hungry Vacant Eyes; Gilliam Speaking to the Passengers... Painter flips through old sketch pads. He finds what he i looking for, jumps up and heads out through the crowd, clutching the sketchbook, ignoring the loud conversations the milling crowds. The Army grapples with leather straps tied to the giganti sewer pipe, rhythmically trying to lift it.
15) 35) dialog: (in a low voice) Still going for it, are we?
15) 39) dialog: Red Letter? Curtis stares at it in his palm without opening it.
16) 12) dialog: Grey... You go. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 31. He drops his battered coat to reveal a body lean as a whi strong as taut steel and covered with scars and tattoos - words. He holds a peculiar steel rod. The Giant, breathin hard, swings the spanner as he stares at Grey. * GILLIAM (CONT’D) *
16) 13) text: «+. Now! Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his ba head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison ke on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berser pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. W the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar lock the steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roar with joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
16) 15) dialog: (searching through keys) So which one of these lead us to our security expert? TIME CUT - Curtis walks past the chambers looking at and checking each prisoner, who scream their heads off, askin Curtis to get them out of the Prison Section. At the very end of the Prison Section is the “Punishment Ward” composed of a series of drawers, each big enough to an adult body, in a design similar to a morgue. Curtis reads the labels on the drawers. ON LABEL: “Nam Koong Min Soo” with smaller writing beneat
16) 22) dialog: Is this Chronole?
16) 24) dialog: Mmmm...
18) 6) dialog: -+-and still cold. The train races through the frozen snow plain. Then, a lo abandoned train station in a small town can be seen - on platform are piles of corpses, frozen to death in the mid of a fierce struggle to get on the train to survive. GILLIAM (CONT’D) Dead. All dead. The long-frozen landscape of the small town rushes past - overturned cars frozen in place, helicopters suspended wh they crashed. A doomsday landscape preserved in the exact state of their final moments, flickers past without end.. 20 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 38. Curtis is mesmerized but he pulls himself back from his trance - he shakes his head violently to re-focus. He loo away. He pokes, prods and pulls at his Army.
19) 26) dialog: Red letter, lad? ON RED LETTER: “W A T E R”
19) 28) dialog: The Water Supply Section?
19) 30) dialog: It’s one of the most crucial sections in the train...
19) 32) dialog: We won’t even have to get all the way to the front. We control the water, we control the negotiation. Gilliam shrugs. Curtis’ eyes are ablaze as he looks ahead the next Gate.
21) 0) text: Chan, crouching by Gilliam’s tent, hears his name echo ba to him. He gets up, wondering; then he hears, “FIRE!” He frantically reaches into his pockets to find the matchboo He opens it - three matches remain - and plucks a match. PFFFT - a tiny flame lights up the consuming darkness, reflecting on his face. He tears a piece of fabric of the tent and ignites it with the burning match. He wraps the burning cloth on a stick to make a torch. Curtis, far away, closes his eyes and speaks calmly:
23) 20) dialog: (quietly) Survivors clean yourselves.
23) 22) dialog: (pointing) The Water Supply Section. Wash your blood away... No one moves until Grey breaks the line first and enters. On the ceiling are hundreds of pipelines. Grey follows a pipeline into a large tiled room. He turns on a faucet allowing the water from a shower head to wash away the gr and blood from his body. The half-naked Rebel bodies appear fragile, amidst tall m columns, illuminated by golden sunlight peeking through t grid-works of pipes above.
24) 9) dialog: Wilford, that sad man. Is he still married to his God-forsaken engine?
24) 14) dialog: Call Wilford. Mason dismisses Gilliam as the leader and turns to Curtis
25) 0) text: Low singing is heard from the neighboring Section, a dirg for the fallen Rebels. Gilliam and Curtis sit together.
25) 1) dialog: You're still determined to push ahead?
25) 3) dialog: You've made it farther than anyone else. Farther than MacGregor four years ago...
25) 5) dialog: But, so many have been killed. We've lost so many, and so have they.
25) 10) dialog: What about the rest of us? Have you seen our men? They are exhausted. I told them to wash up so I could check the damage. Curtis nods - sad but unshaken. Beat. Then, without looki at Gilliam:
25) 12) dialog: (sighs)
25) 14) dialog: (in a low voice) Do you want to kill Wilford that badly?
25) 16) dialog: (cuts him off) Stop it, Curtis. Why are you doing this? You know very well that you're already our leader. You have to accept that now.
25) 18) dialog: Hasn’t faded much...
25) 21) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 60. Curtis, shameful, avoids Gilliam’s hand and pulls his sle down. GILLIAM (CONT’D) It’s better to have both arms. You can’t do much with one, you know. Especially when you hold a woman, it’s much better with two arms. Wouldn’t you agree?
25) 23) dialog: When you reach the Front, then there’s Alice, too.
25) 25) dialog: She must be in the Front somewhere. Aren’t you going to look for her?
25) 27) dialog: But, it’1ll be different when you see her. And two arms will be very useful when you hold Alice again. ANGLE - on Curtis’ conflicted face. Gilliam reaches out, Curtis instinctively avoiding him; but then remains still Gilliam pats Curtis on the cheek. GILLIAM (CONT’D) When you get there - don’t let Wilford talk. Cut out his tongue. Curtis opens his mouth to form the question that has been eluding him but Gilliam turns away to Grey. GILLIAM (CONT’D) Grey - you will go with Curtis. Grey looks at Gilliam - “no, please don’t make me” in his eyes. Grey cannot bear this. GILLIAM (CONT’D) Grey, my loyal boy. Now you must help Curtis. Beat. Grey nods, reluctant but obedient. He holds up his other hand - “Goodbye.” He HHH OK
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
37) 0) text: Curtis' attention is riveted on the huge Monitor. Grey slides up beside him, his eyes on the screen. ON MONITOR: in grimy, low-resolution the Water Supply Sec appears as a wasteland. An old man is dragged out from th back of the Section by two Soldiers. It is Gilliam. Curtis and Grey turn deathly pale. Curtis holds his breat ON MONITOR: Soldiers, aware of the camera's position, for Gilliam to kneel facing it. One pulls his head up.
37) 1) text: 39 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 75. Gilliam looks into the camera - calm, composed, resigned reaches out his one arm. Curtis is about to run toward the rear gate but cannot ta his eyes off Gilliam. Grey moves to the Monitor as if he could climb into it. ON MONITOR: Arm extended, Gilliam turns his palm up - he mouths “I am sorry." Franco the Elder enters the frame. H aims a pistol at the back of Gilliam's head and pulls the trigger.
38) 0) text: Gilliam lies in a pool of blood. 40 4l 42 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 76. Egg-Head leads the majority of Soldiers back towards the Section. But Franco the Elder and two Soldiers run the opposite way - towards the front.
52) 2) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 93. WILFORD (CONT’D) (kindly smile, warm) Curtis, dear boy, there you are. Come in. Let’s have a look at you. Claude leads him to Wilford. She points to a chair at a table by the Stove, elegantly set for dinner for two. Wilford sautes potatoes on a skillet. WILFORD (CONT’D) Hungry? (Curtis is silent) You did a man’s work coming all this way. Curtis glances at Wilford. He is just an old white man. Claude takes up a high stool separate from the table. WILFORD (CONT’D) You are the first human to have walked the total length of this train. Tail to Engine. Did you know that, Curtis? Well done. Bravo. Gilliam has never been here - to the Engine. I’ve never been to the Tail Section.
55) 0) text: The section has been totally seized by the Soldiers. Tail section Passengers, face down on the floor with their han bound behind their backs, sound off for Egg-Head and Soldiers. Egg-Head goes to a plate that reads “Wilford Enterprises” (the one behind Gilliam’s shoulder in Scene # 5) and slid open a panel to reveal an old-fashioned phone. Close up of Egg-Head on the phone. 58 59 60 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 98.
61) 28) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 106. Curtis grabs Yona’s hand, palm up, just like Gilliam. She feels something and opens her hand: the matchbook.