16) 13) text: «+. Now! Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his ba head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison ke on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berser pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. W the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar lock the steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roar with joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
18) 0) text: Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilli and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfully kicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole. Edgar breaks the silence:
22) 0) text: Chan runs faster and faster, shaking and twisting, pantin and swinging the torch, getting faster and faster. An adult hand grabs the torch from Chan. It’s Andrew. Nak to the waist, he flies like a bat out of hell, holding th flame aloft like an Olympic torch. The stump of the sever arm shakes violently, drawing small half-circles in the a The screams and shouts from the bloody battle grow louder the torch moves forward. Suddenly, Andrew’s feet - only o with a shoe - get tangled and he falls down! Someone with the grace and speed of a tiger shark snatche the torch from Andrew’s hand - and illuminates his inscrutable face: Grey. 24 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 52.
23) 0) text: SOLDIER'S INFRARED POV: a bright white spot grows larger it gets closer. Grey, Andrew, Chan and dozens following them, bear torches. In an instant, the field of vision is awash with an exploding nova, blinding the Soldier. The Soldier, with a yelp, throws off the goggles. Grey's fist, like a supersonic piston, hits his face. He stagger back and Curtis' hand-axe buries itself deeply in his shoulder.
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
29) 0) text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mas his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
37) 0) text: Curtis' attention is riveted on the huge Monitor. Grey slides up beside him, his eyes on the screen. ON MONITOR: in grimy, low-resolution the Water Supply Sec appears as a wasteland. An old man is dragged out from th back of the Section by two Soldiers. It is Gilliam. Curtis and Grey turn deathly pale. Curtis holds his breat ON MONITOR: Soldiers, aware of the camera's position, for Gilliam to kneel facing it. One pulls his head up.
37) 1) text: 39 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 75. Gilliam looks into the camera - calm, composed, resigned reaches out his one arm. Curtis is about to run toward the rear gate but cannot ta his eyes off Gilliam. Grey moves to the Monitor as if he could climb into it. ON MONITOR: Arm extended, Gilliam turns his palm up - he mouths “I am sorry." Franco the Elder enters the frame. H aims a pistol at the back of Gilliam's head and pulls the trigger.
40) 0) text: Curtis, with a fierce rage now, leads Tanya and Grey, wea his mask, down a corridor of extravagant guestrooms. FRON SECTION GUARDS approaching from the opposite side shrink with fear. One Guard, at the Gate, holds his ground.
46) 9) dialog: Ugggggh! As Grey clutches at his chest, the dagger pierces on the tattoo over his heart: “Gilliam.” Franco looks down into Grey’s pale eyes. Franco presses down on the dagger and shoves it into Grey’s heart. Franco hears a girl coughing. His eyes widen - he turns t survey the carnage - Soldier B, Grey, Curtis, Tanya - all down. Franco removes a knife from a sheath on Soldier B’s belt. He opens each steam-bath unit. On the second try, he finds the unit occupied by a very heavyset ITALIAN WOMAN, draped with an equally humongous towel. She looks back at him with fear-stricken eyes. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 81. Franco moves to the next unit, but suddenly stops. He com back and looks the Italian Woman up and down - something unnatural about her sitting posture. Franco flattens the knife’s blade on Italian Woman’s chee and pushes it to the side to reveal one of Yona's doe-eye below wet hair and sweat-drenched brow. And poking out behind her is Namgoong’s right eye. Franco stares at Yona for a moment with a cold and murder look in his eyes. He lifts the knife and brings it down w heaven-cleaving force. CLANG - sparks fill the air as Namgoong’s crowbar stops t descent of Franco's knife.