8) 5) dialog: This is so disappointing. Behind Mason, Fuyu and a FEMALE OFFICER repeat his statem
8) 10) dialog: Cut that out - I only have seven minutes. (he lifts the shoe) Passengers, this is not a shoe. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 17.
8) 12) dialog: This is disorder. This is size ten chaos. This - see this - this is death. No one pays attention to Mason, all are focused on Andrew agony. MASON (CONT’D) In this locomotive we call home, we have but one barrier between our warm hearts and the bitter cold. (waves the shoe) Clothing? Shields? No! Order! INSERT - the train races down the dark mountain side. Andrew's arm exposed outside the train freezes in a ragin snowstorm. MASON (0.S.) (CONT’D) Order is the barrier that holds back the frozen death. Order. We - all of us Passengers on the Train of Life - must remain in our allotted stations.
8) 13) dialog: 
8) 14) dialog: We must each of us occupy... (waves his hand in a peculiar motion) ...our par-tic-u-lar, pre-ordained position! Mason places Andrew’s shoe on his head. MASON (CONT’D) Would you wear a shoe on your head? Of course you would not wear a shoe on your head. The Tail Section PAINTER flips to a blank sheet in his sketchbook and draws. MASON (0.S.) (CONT’D) A shoe does not belong on your head. A shoe belongs on your foot. A hat belongs on a head. I ama hat and you are a shoe. I belong on the head - you belong on the foot. Yes? So it is. ON ANDREW in agony. MASON checks the ticking clock. He is warming to his task - his speech growing more florid: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 18. MASON (CONT’D) Why am I a hat, you ask? What prescribes order, you ask?
8) 16) dialog: Sir? Mr. Wilford?
8) 19) dialog: He’s busy. So it is! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 19. DING - clock chimes, indicating that seven minutes have passed. Franco the Younger unfastens the metal ring and p in Andrew’s arm. Andrew screams with pain and stares at his arm: frozen so from metal ring to fingertips. Franco the Elder taps the with a spoon. It produces a clear sound, like ice. He nod to Mason who raises his arm straight up. Andrew's frozen arm is laid on a chair. Franco the Younge holds up a huge hammer. All eyes - awash with fear and rage - focus on Mason’s ra arm. The front row men, the Tail Section’s ‘Army,’ look t Curtis for the word to attack. Edgar shows Curtis a sharp blade he has hidden. He whispers:
8) 25) dialog: Lower that useless gun, stupid. (to Gilliam) It’s a pleasure to see you again, Mr. Gilliam.
8) 27) dialog: You look healthy. Ignoring Mason, Gilliam walks to Andrew, unconscious, pro up by the Franco Brothers. He touches Andrew’s face gentl MASON (CONT’D) Release him. Andrew is released and collapses. Gilliam catches and supports Andrew and passes him off to the Passengers miss limbs, who bear him away.
8) 29) dialog: Of course. What shall I...?
8) 31) dialog: (chuckles ) Well... you can talk to me. Mr. Wilford has no reason to visit here... Gilliam moves away, not listening to Mason.
20) 66) dialog: Happy Yekaterina Bridge, you filthy ingrates! The blood-spattered faces of Curtis and Edgar, and behind them Gilliam, turn towards Mason. MASON (CONT’D) You people, who if not for the benevolent Wilford, would have frozen solid 18 years ago today! You people, who have sucked on the generous tit of Wilford for food and shelter! And now... You pathetic stowaways, you repay his kindness with violent hooliganism?
20) 68) dialog: You people... (checks memo) .+-precisely 74% of you shall die!
20) 70) dialog: My friend - you suffer the misplaced optimism of the doomed. Mason nods to Fuyu who comes forward opening a large canv bag: inside are weird-looking glasses. CLOSE-UP reveals them to be infrared goggles.
20) 72) text: The Franco Brothers and the Soldiers fit themselves with goggles. Mason follows suit.
20) 73) dialog: I'll watch from here. Edgar and the Army stare uncomprehendingly.
23) 5) dialog: Aaaaah. Mason stumbles. His short AIDE-DE-CAMP helps Mason up as Curtis charges shaking off Soldiers who try to block him raindrops on a wet dog. Franco the Elder is unable to bre away from Grey and stop Curtis. Curtis is just about to capture Mason alive... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 53.
23) 9) dialog: Stop! Please, everyone...
23) 14) dialog: Do it! For crying out loud - do what he says! Soldiers drop their weapons one by one. Finally, the Fran Brothers dump their clubs reluctantly on the floor. The Rebels snap into action. With no cheers of triumph th time, they silently make sure these monsters are bound ti SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 54.
24) 0) text: Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busy networks of water pipes and machinery. He walks past Namgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curt keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like a separated place from the section. ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya sho the portraits of Tim and Andy in his face.
24) 2) dialog: 
24) 4) dialog: I don’t know anything about... Tanya glances sideways to catch a glimpse of a hand-axe swinging towards her - Andrew, enraged, swings at Mason a Tanya jumps out of the way.
24) 5) dialog: No! Andrew deliberately buries the axe in the wall, an inch a from Mason’s arm. Tanya grabs hold of Mason. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 56.
24) 8) dialog: Wilford... Wilford knows. Curtis and Gilliam move to observe Mason. MASON (CONT’D) Wilford likes kids. That’s why Claude brings him...well... It’s Wilford you want, not me. Tanya and Andrew look at one another, not sure how to continue. Breaking the silence, Gilliam steps between the
24) 10) dialog: The Engine is Sacred and Wilford Divine...
24) 12) dialog: No. Wilford is merciful...
24) 15) dialog: He won’t come here. He won’t leave his Engine... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 57.
24) 18) dialog: Turn it off? You’d only be condemning your own people. The water comes from the front. The nose breaks up the snow and ice and converts it to water.
24) 20) dialog: Like an elephant trunk, the water comes in the mouth not the asshole, Curtis. Curtis flinches as Mason mentions his name. MASON (CONT’D) You look rather confused, Mr. Curtis Everett. Curtis, confused, stares at Mason sharply. MASON (CONT’D) Yes, Wilford knows you well. He has been watching you. And we know you won't harm your own people, Curtis. Too bad you couldn’t save your own second in command. What was his name - Edgar?
24) 22) dialog: Curtis! Curtis! I can help you.
24) 24) dialog: I can help, I swear I can. Wilford won't come to you. You’1ll have to go to him and I can take you there. (MORE )
24) 26) dialog: I know the train. I can guarantee you safe passage...
24) 28) dialog: Because I want to live.
24) 30) dialog: If I take you to the front, you have to kill him. I/’11 get you close enough. Kill him and let me live. In stark silence, Curtis observes the pathetic Mason - reduced to near tears. Beat. Curtis withdraws the hand-ax
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
27) 0) text: WHOOSH - the Gate opens to reveal bright sunlight. Even t ceiling is made of a special kind of glass. Full of vegetation and plants, this Section is ludicrously clean; everything is a pleasant, mind-cleansing green. Curtis and his rag-tag Army enter slack-jawed at the visi TENDERS in white lab coats, are equally surprised to see Mason bound and pushed forward.
27) 2) dialog: (feigning normalcy) Don't mind me. Back to work, everyone, back to work. Curtis rapidly passes the Tenders to pluck a ripe tomato the overgrown shrubbery. He bites into it, sloppily tasti the red juice and pulp. Turning around, he sees Tanya and Andrew eating tomatoes as well. Tenders become agitated but Mason assures them: MASON (CONT’D) No - no - they’re friendly. They won't bite. Well, they’1ll bite the tomatoes...ha! Namgoong reaches into the tomato plants but pulls out a fistful of black soil. He pushes it in front of Yona’s fa SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 62.
28) 0) text: A huge aquarium with large fishes, a turtle and a rayfish swimming in blue water with bubbles. Yona runs, excited, into the section with joy. Mason is shoved forward - like a shield. Curtis and the others enter, flabbergasted to see the aquarium. 30 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 63. FRONT SECTION PASSENGERS do a double take, seeing the arm and ragged Curtis and his entourage, and move quickly awa Mason, to diffuse awkwardness, turns to speak to Curtis.
28) 1) dialog: Do any of you feel like sushi?
29) 1) dialog: You people are very lucky. This is served only twice in a year, in March and September.
29) 3) dialog: “Enough” is the wrong criteria. Balance. You see, this aquarium is a closed ecological system. The number of individual units must be controlled very precisely to maintain the proper sustainable balance. While Mason gives his lecture, sushi plates are laid: Tanya and Andrew eat with gusto; Grey gingerly peels the from the rice before eating; Namgoong uses chopsticks skillfully; Yona, puzzled seeing sushi for the first time sniffs hers and makes a face. Rachmaninoff’s piano prelude plays in b.g. Everyone silen eats while watching the white snowy vista of a frozen por city unfold outside: no one seems too surprised by the peculiar sight of large vessels toppled in the frozen sea Mason attempts to eat sushi with tied hands. Curtis shove protein block under Mason’s nose.
29) 6) dialog: 
30) 0) text: Curtis pushes Mason forward - he looks green, ready to vo into this Section awash in red: rows and rows of scarlet, skinned animals - curiously indistinct in terms of shape are suspended from the hooks. Bizarrely, a MOTHER and BOY are sightseeing, the Mother explaining what meat is. As Curtis and his Army pass, the Boy recoils, wrinkles his nose. Mother hustles Boy away a the Army proceeds in awe-struck silence to the next Gate.
30) 1) dialog: Curtis, my friend, can we do without the restraints? Just for this next Section?
30) 4) dialog: For the sake of education. Curtis: “2?”
31) 2) dialog: Good morning children. I am pleased to present guests from the Tail Section... Mason exchanges a look with Teacher - “I’m fucked but ple play along...”
31) 14) dialog: No - they’re very nice and they’re very just and merciful. So it is. (to Teacher: ) Please don’t let us interrupt...
31) 39) dialog: Wilford! Wilford!
37) 5) dialog: It wasn’t me! I didn’t give the order! I swear... Curtis places the barrel of the gun to Mason’s forehead a pulls the trigger. BLAM - Curtis strides to the desk and snatches up a magaz from the basket. He reloads the handgun.