16) 26) dialog: (waking) Uhhh...
16) 32) dialog: (sighs, in Korean: ) Yes, I am listening... fuck...
16) 34) dialog: (Korean) And my name is not Naem! Nahm! And it’s Nahm-Goong! That's my last name! Min-Soo is my first name. Got that? Fucking idiots! The interpreter beeps frantically: “Please repeat slowly. Everyone simply stares at Namgoong, utterly befuddled. Curtis holds another interpreter unit in his hand.
16) 36) dialog: For what? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 34.
16) 39) dialog: What if I say no? Curtis stares at him intently and then shows him the lump Chronole. Namgoong tries to remain stoic but cannot hide minute ripples of desire in his expression.
16) 41) dialog: 
16) 45) dialog: (to Curtis) You want some, asshole? Namgoong blows smoke in the air. Several people breathe i the scattered wisps of smoke, their eyelids fluttering. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 35. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) I bet you fuckheads never smoked one before, huh?
16) 47) dialog: The People tense up. A Chinese boy suddenly runs to Nam a snatches the matchbook from his hand. People shocked, sta at Chan running off. Namgoong stares at him and then throws the cigarette butt aside. “Yikes!” - all at once, the crowd dives toward the butt. space between Namgoong and Curtis fills with milling bodi POW - Namgoong’s fist lands squarely in the center of Edg face - blood erupts. He kneels on Edgar’s abdomen and snatches the keys from Edgar’s hands. He rises... KAPOW! Namgoong knocks out each man who tries to stop him from “escaping.” Curtis grabs Namgoong’s shirt. But Namgoong stops before another drawer and locates a key. Namgoong opens the lock and pulls the drawer out to revea YONA (17), an Asian girl, dead asleep despite all the commotion in the section. He pokes at the girl’s head. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Get up.
16) 49) dialog: My daughter, Yona. If I go, she goes too.
16) 51) dialog: One gate, two lumps of Chronole. Two people - two lumps. 18 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 36. Yona completely ignores the curious stares from the crowd concentrates on dressing. She seems totally out of it; carelessly yawns, then burps. Curtis considers her.
17) 0) text: CLOSE UP of Yona’s strange, dreamy eyes. YONA’'S POV: Namgoong manipulates complicated machinery i a wall panel with spider-dancing fingers. The Steel Gate flanked by the Rebel Army, ready to jump as soon as it op Yona suddenly grins a little and mumbles:
18) 0) text: Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilli and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfully kicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole. Edgar breaks the silence:
20) 3) dialog: Am I?
20) 5) dialog: Hey, Chronole is the only reason I‘m doing this shit.
20) 7) dialog: You're the one who gives me the stuff every time I open the gate.
20) 9) dialog: So that’s what I’m doing, trying to open the gate. While this surreal verbal sparring through the electronic sound of the translator machine is going on, everyone wit weapons in their hands is getting tired, waiting in front the door.
20) 60) dialog: Sure enough, a thrill that comes once a year... NAMGOONG’S POV: a dizzying glimpse of a gorge down below. Yona, either from the drugs or the view, squeals in delig
20) 74) dialog: (in Korean) You guys are fucked.
20) 76) dialog: You Tail Section hicks. There’s no way you could know there’s a tunnel right after Yekaterina Bridge.
20) 78) dialog: That’s right. A fucking long one. Namgoong swiftly puts the panel back on the wall over Yon confused face. * NAMGOONG (CONT’D) (after taking a deep * breath) * Run, idiots! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 50. The lights go off one by one until the Train enters the tunnel. We are plunged into darkness. Soldiers, in frog- like goggles, flash as green after-images, then are gone. HMMMMM - a low hum is heard. * A SOLDIER'S POV: everything is awash in sickly green: the Rebels move frantically about, running into walls and eac other. The Franco Brothers and Soldiers charge at them. * Screams and shouts emanate from every corner. A Soldier creeps up next to an Army fighter entangled with another Soldier and lifts his hand-axe slowly above the fighter’s head, grinning. Franco the Younger aims his spear at another warrior who swings his steel pipe blindly and desperately, without ai Franco the Younger pushes and pulls the tip of his spear close to the latter’s face, having sadistic fun with it.
20) 82) dialog: No... * Namgoong is already running as fast as he can to the back pushing and stepping over people. Horrible sounds of bone breaking, veins bursting, flesh tearing and the skin-craw sound of metal on metal fill the place. * Fuyu follows close on the heels of the Franco brothers, clicking a counter as each man falls down dead. He seems be smiling but, incongruously, his eyes behind the goggle are full of tears.
24) 0) text: Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busy networks of water pipes and machinery. He walks past Namgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curt keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like a separated place from the section. ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya sho the portraits of Tim and Andy in his face.
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
27) 4) dialog: Touch it. You've never felt it before? Namgoong hands the soil to Yona who is unimpressed and displeased. She looks carefully into the clump and notice something tiny moving in it: a small worm.
27) 6) dialog: You grew up in this train so you don’t know. Dad used to tread on real soil all the time.
27) 8) dialog: C’mon, it’s good stuff. The earth is covered with soil.
27) 10) dialog: (looking outside the window) Below snow and ice is soil. Everywhere you go. FLASH - Namgoong is distracted by something outside throu the window. He presses his face to the window and stares nothing. He looks and looks... He turns back to Yona. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Did you see...?
29) 0) text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mas his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
31) 46) dialog: You look too.
31) 57) dialog: See the person at the very front... She was the leader of the seven...
31) 59) dialog: Yeah... She was a maid in the Front Guest Section...
31) 61) dialog: Gana. She was Inuit. An Eskimo. She taught me about different kinds of snow, ice, constellations and aurora. Her name meant falling snow. Gana.
31) 63) dialog: She believed she could survive outside the train. I didn’t believe her. So I stayed in the train. Yona looks at the lead frozen figure... Namgoong transfix by the sight of the Frozen Seven receding into the distan Yona’s ears perk up at approaching sounds - too late... WHOOSH - the front gate opens. The Rebels whirl around, drawing their weapons only to find a single, bald Asian m enter. EGG-HEAD, his head shaped like an egg, pushes a ca full of baskets of white eggs. Teacher herds the children towards Egg-Head’s cart.
40) 1) dialog: (in Korean)
44) 0) text: BLAM - BLAM - shots hit the glass - most bouncing off and leaving ugly pock marks surrounded by spider web cracks a the heads of Yona, Namgoong and the others flat on the fl Curtis rises and shoots at the faraway School Section. Curtis and Franco square off like gunslingers in a Wester firing at each other as the curvature of the train become more acute. BLAM - Curtis' bullet penetrates the window and hits Fran in the arm. Franco stops shooting. He looks at the blood his arm and then across at Curtis. Curtis reloads and fir Franco comes out of his trance and returns fire. A snowflake gently flies into the train through a bullet hole. It flutters in the air softly in slow motion. 46 47 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 78. The gunfire and all sound fades away. Namgoong’s eyes fol the falling snowflake as it lands on Yona’s shoulder. NAMGOONG’S POV: the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow crystal in extreme close up, as if through a microscope. Then it melts away...
44) 1) dialog: Gana. BLAM - BLAM - the firing resumes, breaking the stillness. Tanya’s earsplitting screams overlap the gunshots. A BULLET breaks through the first pane of Plexiglass comi straight at Curtis' face. Curtis’ eyes widen - the BULLET gets stopped by the second pane but remains embedded in t window just inches in front of Curtis’ face. The train finally straightens out from its sharp turn. Franco and Curtis grow further and further apart until th train runs on a straight track once again. Curtis, breathing hard, drops the gun that has run out of bullets. Yona rises to her knees.
46) 0) text: WHOOSH - the front Gate opens just as Franco kicks the ba Gate inward. Curtis and his last Rebels rush through the Gate and Namgoong closes it behind them. The Rebels hurry past steam-bath units as the sound of Fr firing on the Gate behind is heard. Namgoong sets to work the next Gate but becomes agitated as he is having troubl Namgoong sees a crowbar on the wall above the panel. He grabs it and attacks the controls. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 79.
46) 2) dialog: Shit, what’s wrong with this? * Fuck... Steam Bath CLIENTELE glance at the Rebels through opaque glass doors.
46) 10) dialog: 
48) 0) text: CLUBBERS in bizarre make-up dance under colorful blinking lights to loud throbbing music, rowdy shouting and laughter... WHOOSH - Namgoong and Yona enter carrying empty rifles wi bloodied Curtis on their side. Clubbers find them odd, bu keep dancing. Curtis has no interest in anything but the next Gate. A LADY spots Curtis and stops dancing. Her eyes track Curtis.
48) 2) dialog: (in Korean) Where did you get this from?
49) 0) text: Yona, drunk and shouting gibberish, follows Namgoong thro the unhealthy smoke of this garish den of marble floors, sculptures and littered with lumps of Chronole and ADDICT Many Addicts are “fashionably” dressed in Inuit fur coats over bare skin. Namgoong swings his rifle, smashing the Addicts down and taking all their Chronole. Namgoong beats an Addict and takes his Inuit fur coat. Th Addict’s skinny, naked body falls to the floor with a thu Namgoong shakes the coat and lumps of Chronole fall to th floor like nuts. Namgoong drapes the coat over his shoulder. He picks up every lump of Chronole. The Addict, behind, tries to grab Namgoong but Yona conks him with her rifle butt. Namgoong pulls the coat off another addict. The Naked Wom Addict grabs the coat and they engage in a tug-of-war. Curtis keeps moving forward straight through the murky sm drawn to a plate above the next Gate: Wilford Enterprises
51) 0) text: CLANG - a Gate opens and Curtis enters to find a narrow bridge stretching above a mass of unmanned machinery. Namgoong enters bearing a stack of Inuit fur coats. Yona, a coat, follows - they laugh and stumble. Curtis crosses the bridge. Namgoong and Yona follow but, upon reaching the other side, drop down on the steel plat below the next Gate. Yona, drunk as a skunk, flops over a snores hard clutching her bottle and rifle. Namgoong shakes the coats to release all the Chronole and tosses the coats away into a heap. He sits and gathers al the Chronole on the floor.
51) 1) dialog: Isn't this crazy? Namgoong sticks the lumps together into one big piece. He takes out the Interpretive Unit and pushes the button. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) CURRIS... Just gimme all of your Chronole now.
51) 3) dialog: Aren’t you sick of it? Every fucking door it’s two more stinking pieces... Curtis, disgusted, throws all the Chronole lumps at Namgo The lumps hit Namgoong’s face and body and roll on the fl
51) 5) dialog: (giggles) Son of a bitch, keep your temper down. Namgoong picks up all the Chronole pieces and then glance at the Gate - it is the most intimidating yet. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 85. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) So I open this door and your sacred engine will sit on the other side, waiting for you, is that it? Your heart is beating hard imagining Wilford rubbing it and feeding oil to it, right? Curtis murderously stares at Namgoong being sarcastic.
51) 7) dialog: 
51) 9) dialog: 
51) 12) dialog: 
51) 15) dialog: 
51) 18) dialog: Curtis puts his hand out, palm up, like Gilliam.
51) 20) dialog: Curtis holds out his palm - open.
51) 22) dialog: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 87.
51) 24) dialog: 
51) 26) dialog: Gilliam...
51) 28) dialog: 
51) 36) dialog: Here, have a smoke.
51) 38) dialog: It's the last of its kind. Once you smoke it, it goes extinct. You better appreciate it. Curtis smiles in spite of himself. He sits across from Namgoong and opens the matchbook - two matches. He takes and lights the cigarette. He inhales deeply.
51) 40) dialog: I don’t want to open the gate. (dead serious) You know what I really want to do? Curtis does not answer - he looks at the smoke as he blow out. Namgoong suddenly sits up straighter. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) I want to open the gate! Curtis shakes his head - he doesn’t understand and he is tired of Namgoong. Namgoong points. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Not this one. Namgoong turns to his left and points to the exit door on side of the train: NAMGOONG (CONT’D) But, that one. ANGLE - AN EXIT DOOR on the side of the train. This is the first time anyone even mentioned that there i SIDE EXIT to every section of the train. Namgoong moves slowly to the door as if being pulled on a rope. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 89. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) We treat this like a wall because it’s been frozen shut for 18 years. But it’s a door. A fucking door! Namgoong’s eyes become dreamy, almost hallucinatory. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Let’s open it and go outside.
51) 42) dialog: Yea? But what if we don't freeze to death?
51) 44) dialog: What if we can live outside the train? Curtis, lost for words, stares at Namgoong putting on the coat. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Heehee...you remember the Yekaterina Bridge? Each year when we pass over the Yekaterina Bridge, I do the same thing. I look down...
51) 46) dialog: Way down at the bottom of the gorge... Namgoong and Yona press their cheeks to the glass window look into the dark gorge. ANGLE - from outside we see the determined, fevered face Namgoong pressed against the glass looking down, believin
51) 47) dialog: A jetliner stuck upside down in the gorge. (MORE )
51) 49) dialog: A decade ago, you could only see a part of the tail fin above the ice. But now... INSERT - Scene # 21: a blurry image of the tail and fusel stuck in a snow drift at the bottom of the gorge - but lo in a swirl of white blizzard. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Each year, you can see more and more of the plane’s body... ON NAMGOONG, excited, eyes sparkling, touches the disbelieving Curtis. Curtis pulls back, shaking his head. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) It’s melting. The snow and ice are melting.
51) 51) dialog: Eskimos talk about "qanika", the prototypical shape of spring snow. Snow that's about to melt! All this snow could come crashing down any day! ON YONA - snoring, her mouth hanging open. ON NAMGOONG whose dreamy trance is suddenly broken. He ju up and shouts.
51) 52) dialog: Today! Today, do you know what I saw?! INSERT - Scene # 28: Namgoong is distracted by something outside the window. He looks and looks...
51) 53) dialog: (voice rising, excited) I saw something out there. I don’t know what. Something moving. NAMGOONG’S POV: between hills far away, something quickly passes by - too fast, too blurry to have true shape... ON NAMGOONG’s, eyes crazed, as he pulls on yet another co NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Something alive. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 91.
51) 55) dialog: 
51) 57) dialog: (vaguely) It's been two years now that I've been storing up this Chronole...
51) 59) dialog: (grinning like an idiot) Yes! Flammable. It is flammable industrial waste...
51) 61) dialog: It is a BOMB, you fuckhead! Curtis' mouth drops open in shock. He drops the cigarette and stomps on it afraid of its fire. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) (dreamily) There's no door?... I'1l make one. Namgoong drifts towards the door as he sticks the wick in Chronole brick. Curtis jumps up - alarmed - and stuffs th matchbook in his pocket.
51) 63) dialog: Look at this guy... Shut up and give me the matches. 53 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 92.
51) 65) dialog: 
54) 0) text: BLAM - The distant echo of gunfire wakes Yona. Namgoong, crouching painfully on the stairs, makes a bandage from h torn trousers for his wounded belly. He doesn’t look good
54) 2) dialog: (mumbles ) Brainless girl, NOW she wakes up. Yona, concerned, runs to Namgoong, trips and falls awkwar Reaching out to balance herself, her hand lands squarely Namgoong’s belly. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
59) 0) text: Insane Zombies keep coming at Namgoong. He crushes one bu another takes its place. They blast vuvuzelas and do not retreat. Franco appears at the gate but stops to watch th battle, waiting for Namgoong to tire himself out.
59) 1) dialog: (fighting) Yona, don’t rush! Try one at a time! One color first and the next! Yona plugs nodules to multi-colored wires creating sparks the gate does not move. Namgoong half-crouches due to the pain in his abdomen. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Enough - you insane freaks - stop coming out already! The Zombies respond with slurred commotion and vuvuzelas. Franco, flanked by the insanely joyful horde, is devoid o expression, looking towards Yona.
61) 0) text: Yona takes a deep breath, trying to focus. Beyond, out of focus, Namgoong fights Zombies. Yona connects Red into No 5, yellow into No. 1, blue into No. 4. The sparks are hug this time; the gate rumbles and opens.
61) 2) dialog: Yona, Chronole! Yona grabs her steel pipe and rushes up the steps. She sp the Chronole Bomb peeking out of Claude’s pocket. Claude, keeping her handgun aimed at Curtis, aims her rifle at Yo Yona, knowing the rifle is empty, heads straight for Clau Claude pulls the trigger. CLICK - the rifle is empty. CLU - Yona strikes Claude in the back of the head with the st pipe. Claude arches back to fall flat on the floor. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 103. Wilford and Curtis watch the spectacle from inside the En Core, looking down on the people with condescending faces Yona grabs the Chronole Bomb and handgun from Claude. She opens fire on the Zombies who fall right and left. The Zombies, under fire, run away screaming wildly, their vuvuzelas finally silenced. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Yona! Give me the gun!
61) 7) dialog: There! Above that handle! Yona pastes the Chronole brick into the cracks near the e door handle. Namgoong, meanwhile, fights like a mad dog. CURTIS’ AND WILFORD’S POV: within the Engine Core, the no from the outside is muted as we watch Namgoong, Franco an Yona fight to the death. Wilford is still right on Curtis’ ear:
61) 13) dialog: Yona! Curtis has the last match! Yona finishes pasting the Chronole bomb to the door and r up the stairs to Curtis who returns a cold stare.
61) 33) dialog: Yona! Fire! Yona stands by the Chronole Bomb pasted on the Side Exit. She opens the matchbook to reveal - one single match left inside. She closes her eyes and breathes out in her uniqu way. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) What the fuck are you doing?! Fire! Now! Yona strikes the match. Nothing happens. She tries again but the match refuses to ignite. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) (shouting in desperation) Hold it near the tip! Yona closes her eyes and breathes rhythmically. Curtis, suppressing excruciating pain, extends his left a under Tim’s armpit and pulls him out. Curtis’ face is completely contorted in pain as he holds Tim tight with h good, right arm. WANK WANK - an alarm sounds and red lamps around the Engi Core lights up. A pale, ghostly presence drops to the Engine Section floo from cracks in the machinery. Another small child, emacia to the bones: Andrew’s son, Andy. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 107.
61) 38) dialog: 
61) 41) dialog: I’ll go after you. You go up now! Yona goes up the stairs to Curtis who passes Tim carefull into her arms. Curtis, his arm nearly torn off and gushin blood, looks at Yona as he holds off his pain.
61) 45) dialog: (to Franco) Not that you understand me...
61) 47) dialog: You smell like shit! Namgoong, with his final reserves of strength, breaks Franco’s neck with a CRACK. Namgoong runs for the stairs as the wick burns down. He pulls down the lever to close the Gate to the Engine. The Gate moves five inches but gets stuck - sparks erupt - an stops in its tracks. Namgoong is aghast: “Shit, now the blast will blow off th entire engine section.” But it is too late. Namgoong, out of instinct, runs to Yona who holds Tim tig in her arms. The big mass of Namgoong holds the two of th from behind. Curtis, from the opposite side, walks toward them bleedin from many wounds. With one arm gone, he resembles Gilliam perhaps a saint. Namgoong and Curtis face each other to embrace Yona who h Tim in her arms. Namgoong, Yona, Tim, and Curtis together form a single lump of human-beings. B-O-O-M! The Chronole bomb goes off. The flame swallows them all in a microsecond: Wilford and Claude sit at the table slicing the steak oblivious to th disruption only to be engulfed in flame. Namgoong, Yona, Tim, and Curtis fly out as one great ball of flame. Curtis' back and head crash with force into the iron mass the front of the engine.
67) 0) text: The Engine Section lies on its side. The burnt bodies are strewn everywhere. Namgoong Minsoo and Curtis Everett, released from their final embrace, lie side by side, burn bloody and riddled with glass fragments and metal shrapne Tim’s eyes are seen. They blink. Yona’s hand pokes out.