15) 0) text: STEADICAM SHOT: On the walls of this dwelling are countle drawings like illustrations in a history book: People Climbing Aboard the Train; Stampede of Passengers; Hungry Vacant Eyes; Gilliam Speaking to the Passengers... Painter flips through old sketch pads. He finds what he i looking for, jumps up and heads out through the crowd, clutching the sketchbook, ignoring the loud conversations the milling crowds. The Army grapples with leather straps tied to the giganti sewer pipe, rhythmically trying to lift it.
15) 2) dialog: (mumbling as he passes) One, two, one, two... Painter turns and approaches a small cargo box, marked wi red cross. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 24. Painter enters an impromptu hospital: a couple of bunk-be make-shift medical tools and medicines are visible. Andre now one-armed, lies on a lower bunk.
15) 4) dialog: This... * (opening the sketchbook) Is this your...son? Andrew's eyes open wide. He takes the picture in his remaining hand. NURSES also look at the picture with interest - a portrait of Andy. * PAINTER (CONT’D) The picture’s no good, I... * (mumbling) * It’s just...something to make you feel better... Tanya’s huge head suddenly enters the frame, suspended up down. Tanya, eyes swollen and bruised, drops from the upp bunk to the ground with a loud boom, like a grizzly bear.
15) 7) dialog: Ah! Gentle! Tanya... But Tanya is gone - the sketchbook dropped to the floor. STEADICAM tracks Tanya’s bulldozing walk. She talks to th drawing:
15) 30) dialog: Let’s eat! Come on!
16) 44) dialog: Holy shit - cigarettes have been extinct for a decade now... ON MATCHBOOK: a bright sun blazes over a beautiful sandy beach, advertising “FIJI” Everyone pushes forward to watch Namgoong open the matchb FOUR MATCHES. He plucks one, strikes it, lights the cigarette and sucks on it for a long stretch. Everyone is dizzy in shock. Even Curtis’ eyes flutter as the smell hi him.
18) 2) dialog: This can't be a window, can it? At that moment, the train moves out of a tunnel, and the walls on the sides are revealed to be windows. Dazzling sunlight pours into the section through the wide windows. The Rebel Army is regaled with a sight that none of them witnessed for seventeen years: a mind-blowing vista of fr snowscape, that seems to stretch to eternity. Everyone is frozen in place, mouths open, eyes wide open amazement.
18) 4) dialog: Oh my God, it’s so... so... beautiful.
19) 13) dialog: Yecch! Painter bends over, ready to throw up. Curtis looks insid the tank.
19) 15) dialog: All this time, we’ve been eating...?
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
32) 0) text: EGG-HEAD’S POV: as the gate opens with a rumble, he comes face-to-face with Painter and the Tail Section Guards. Th look at Egg-Head’s smiling face suspiciously.
34) 0) text: Painter looks at the egg in his hand and mumbles:
34) 1) dialog: I thought the chicken was extinct.
34) 3) dialog: Such as? Egg-Head reaches beneath the eggs and pulls out a sub-mac gun!
36) 0) text: Egg-Head easily dodges flying hand-axes as he moves forwa firing. Rebel Guards fall in his wake, covered in blood. his non-shooting hand, Egg-Head clicks a counter. Egg-Head aims at the ropes binding the Soldiers. Freed Soldiers run to their comrades and untie them. A Soldier kicks over the cart. Eggs roll everywhere. Under the cart are more sub-machine guns and magazines. Soldiers quickly pick up weapons and fire: flames jump fr the guns, staccato ear-splitting sound of gunshots, screa of the Guards as they are punched full of red holes! Painter lies on the floor bleeding. An egg rolls in front him and he softly picks it up. CRUNCH - he barely takes a bite as his breath runs out. CLICK-CLICK-CLICK - Egg-head’s thumb on the counter. Guards run wildly in retreat towards the back of the Sect