3) 0) text: A massive, iron Gate fills the screen. A SOLDIER holding rifle, pulls a lever. The Gate slides open to reveal: Endless freight cars, dark and filthy, like alleys in a p village. TAIL SECTION PASSENGERS, shabbily-dressed, looki like vagrants, stand in cramped, packed rows of five acro
3) 2) dialog: Sit down! Curtis shows no concern. He stares past the iron Gate to gate beyond and the one beyond and the next...
3) 3) dialog: (aiming his gun) I said sit down! Curtis does not budge an inch. Passengers flinch in surpr at the sight of the leveled gun inches from Curtis. His fingers count on his thigh - 2-3-4 - as gates close one b one. EDGAR (20), anxious, sitting, pulls Curtis' pant leg.
3) 25) dialog: (approaching) Who the hell do you think you are? Soldier 2 pulls Gerald away from Doris. She shrieks and clutches Soldier 2's arm who whacks her in the face with butt of his rifle. Bleeding, Doris falls and lies, unmovi on the floor. Gerald yells out. Passengers gasp! In the grim, shocked silence, Soldier 2 brutally stomps o Doris’ left hand with his military boot. DORIS screams.
3) 27) dialog: Now she can’t play anyway. Edgar, temper flashing, stands up. Now it is Curtis' turn grab Edgar’s pant leg and pull him back down.
7) 0) text: FLASHING RED LIGHTS signal an inspection. Curtis and Edga run full out toward the Tail Section Entrance, jumping ov people as they go. At the entrance area, where the protein blocks are ration out, Soldiers shove Passengers into line. Curtis pretends join the rows while he keeps his eyes on the Gate. CLOSE-UP of a woman's high heels as she walks through the sliding gate. The camera moves up and we see CLAUDE (earl 30's), pale face and bobbed hair. Behind, following OFFICERS, SOLDIERS and armed POLICE. FUYU, a Japanese Officer, carrying an enormous Atlas and briefcase, stands just behind Claude’s right shoulder.
7) 4) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, bu they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and open the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case without acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His fathe ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
8) 0) text: Andrew, bruised and bleeding, kneels with his old shoe in mouth. He looks ridiculous. And weak. Soldiers, armed Policemen and high-ranking Officers surro Andrew to watch two gigantic men snip off his shirt with scissors. They are - the FRANCO BROTHERS - that appear to a strange, well-oiled machine. The Franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butch dressing a dead cow, greasing his arm with a blue liquid Fuyu consults his thick “Atlas:” maps show the intertwini rail lines. He speaks to himself.
14) 0) text: ANGLE - WE FLOAT along with the gun held by Soldier 1. Th focus moves from the gun’s magazine to close-ups of Curti and Gilliam. Curtis' POV: Soldier 1 moves farther away beyond the stee gate. 16 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 23.
16) 0) text: Curtis, atop the Cart, Edgar and Tanya survey the fallen Soldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane. Heavily armed Prison Guards, equipped with shields, helme and dully threatening clubs flow out to meet the rabble.
20) 72) text: The Franco Brothers and the Soldiers fit themselves with goggles. Mason follows suit.
23) 0) text: SOLDIER'S INFRARED POV: a bright white spot grows larger it gets closer. Grey, Andrew, Chan and dozens following them, bear torches. In an instant, the field of vision is awash with an exploding nova, blinding the Soldier. The Soldier, with a yelp, throws off the goggles. Grey's fist, like a supersonic piston, hits his face. He stagger back and Curtis' hand-axe buries itself deeply in his shoulder.
23) 1) dialog: Aaaaah! The surviving Rebels remove their shirts to use as improm torches. Burning with bloodlust, they attack. Curtis swin his hand-axe, dropping Soldiers left and right. He sees F and Mason far away over the Soldiers: Grey, jumping from head to head of Soldiers, lands on Fuy back. He puts the dagger on Fuyu’s throat and sticks his forearm in Fuyu’s face - “Surrender.” Grey quickly shows Fuyu his other forearm: “Die.” Fuyu, frightened, shouts w absurdly clear diction:
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
36) 0) text: Egg-Head easily dodges flying hand-axes as he moves forwa firing. Rebel Guards fall in his wake, covered in blood. his non-shooting hand, Egg-Head clicks a counter. Egg-Head aims at the ropes binding the Soldiers. Freed Soldiers run to their comrades and untie them. A Soldier kicks over the cart. Eggs roll everywhere. Under the cart are more sub-machine guns and magazines. Soldiers quickly pick up weapons and fire: flames jump fr the guns, staccato ear-splitting sound of gunshots, screa of the Guards as they are punched full of red holes! Painter lies on the floor bleeding. An egg rolls in front him and he softly picks it up. CRUNCH - he barely takes a bite as his breath runs out. CLICK-CLICK-CLICK - Egg-head’s thumb on the counter. Guards run wildly in retreat towards the back of the Sect
37) 0) text: Curtis' attention is riveted on the huge Monitor. Grey slides up beside him, his eyes on the screen. ON MONITOR: in grimy, low-resolution the Water Supply Sec appears as a wasteland. An old man is dragged out from th back of the Section by two Soldiers. It is Gilliam. Curtis and Grey turn deathly pale. Curtis holds his breat ON MONITOR: Soldiers, aware of the camera's position, for Gilliam to kneel facing it. One pulls his head up.
38) 0) text: Gilliam lies in a pool of blood. 40 4l 42 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 76. Egg-Head leads the majority of Soldiers back towards the Section. But Franco the Elder and two Soldiers run the opposite way - towards the front.
39) 0) text: Tail Section Passengers, panicking, run from the sound of approaching gunfire. In the stampede, Chan quickly moves to the higher spot. CHAN'S POV: the flashing light of gunfire is seen behind rush of Passengers. Egg-Head and Soldiers appear pushing Passengers ahead with gunfire coming closer...
41) 0) text: Franco and the two Soldiers herd the crying Children into next section as the train makes a wide turn toward the ri FRANCO’S POV: through the window, Front Sections are visi as the train bends widely, almost forming a big circle. Curtis' small team is visible in the Front Section. Franco aims the rifle at Yona’s head and fires. 43 44 45 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 77.
43) 0) text: Franco sets his rifle across a chair placed on a desk bef the window - in full sniper mode. Soldier A runs from bul hole to bullet hole trying to plug them with Children’s paste. Soldier B stands by - shocked:
45) 0) text: Soldiers A and B try to open the jammed Gate. Franco, without human expression, comes up behind and opens fire the locked Gate. The Soldiers dive out of the way and rol
55) 0) text: The section has been totally seized by the Soldiers. Tail section Passengers, face down on the floor with their han bound behind their backs, sound off for Egg-Head and Soldiers. Egg-Head goes to a plate that reads “Wilford Enterprises” (the one behind Gilliam’s shoulder in Scene # 5) and slid open a panel to reveal an old-fashioned phone. Close up of Egg-Head on the phone. 58 59 60 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 98.
63) 0) text: Chan, spared, looks up at the sound. Surviving Passengers Egg-Head and the occupying Soldiers look around wondering what is happening. B-O-O-M! - everyone flies up into the air.