4) 8) dialog: Curtis! Look! Tanya points at TIM, her five year old son who holds up h protein block. Curtis moves to Tim, looking at the block carefully. There is a deep hole at the bottom of the bloc
4) 11) dialog: Tim! Tim leads us on a merry chase through the Tail Section - slum crowded with multi-ethnic residents - giggling and holding his protein block aloft, through the cubbyholes, blankets, passageways, pipes... Tim barely evades Curtis’ grasp as he darts away. Passeng shout and yell as Tim knocks into them - they jump out of way of the rampaging Curtis, Edgar and Tanya in hot pursu Edgar and Tanya corner Tim only to lose him when he climb the wall and swings from the pipes over their heads. Tim drops and runs - he looks back and laughs and shouts...
7) 6) dialog: (tapping her skirt) Run, Timmy! Tim guns out from under Tanya’s skirt and runs to the end the train. Tanya blocks Soldier 1 but misses Soldier 2 rushing after Tim. Tanya and Soldier 1 wrestle as nearby Passengers also get tangled up in the scuffle. AHHHH! A scream breaks out as Soldier 2 drags Tim forward
7) 7) dialog: 
7) 13) dialog: Timmy! Mommy’s coming... Combat Police surround her and begin to club her merciles
15) 5) dialog: How about MY son? Do you have one of Timmy? Before Painter can respond, Tanya snatches the sketchbook frantically flips through looking for Tim. She finds it!
15) 6) dialog: Timmy! My boy, my baby. Tanya’s face contorts with sorrow and despair. She rips t page with her son’s portrait out of the book.
15) 8) dialog: Look at your silly smile - I know that look - you just got caught doin’ something you’re not supposed to do, didn’t you? Oh baby...Mommy forgives you. She passes through the Army and approaches Curtis. She places Tim’s portrait in Curtis' face with a look of appe SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 25.
15) 10) dialog: Oh, yes I am, Curtis, or you will be sorry. I am going to the front and make that bitch sorry she ever set her hands on my baby. Curtis shakes his head but Tanya is determined - she poin at the Army.
15) 11) dialog: You know I’m stronger than all your skinny ass soldiers put together. Curtis looks at Tanya for a while then sighs with resignation. He holds Tanya’s hand and walks to the front Curtis replaces a big man at the front of the sewer pipe Tanya. She grabs the grip and joins:
15) 24) dialog: Seven, eight, open the gate! Soldier 1 steps forward towards Edgar.
15) 26) dialog: Nine, ten - say it again!
15) 29) dialog: (to approaching Soldier 2) You're Eight! CLICK - CLICK - Soldiers 2 and 3 step forward and point rifles at the heads of Edgar and Tanya. Their eyes go wid with fright - this wasn’t supposed to happen...
16) 0) text: Curtis, atop the Cart, Edgar and Tanya survey the fallen Soldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane. Heavily armed Prison Guards, equipped with shields, helme and dully threatening clubs flow out to meet the rabble.
16) 13) text: «+. Now! Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his ba head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison ke on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berser pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. W the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar lock the steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roar with joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
16) 43) dialog: Marlboro Lights?!
18) 5) dialog: So huge... Gilliam is the only one who does not look like a deer cau in the headlights.
19) 9) dialog: Ah ha - so that’s how it’s made... Painter flips the sketchbook page from Frozen Landscape t blank page to draw the machine as he circles it. Behind, discovers a black powdery substance - the raw material fo the protein blocks - passing through a thick glass tube. Curtis pulls Paul aside from the machine and the others.
19) 18) dialog: Oh my God, oh my God, they’re still hot. Mmmm - fresh, yummy... Painter, watching this, now vomits.
24) 0) text: Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busy networks of water pipes and machinery. He walks past Namgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curt keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like a separated place from the section. ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya sho the portraits of Tim and Andy in his face.
24) 1) dialog: Have you seen these kids?
24) 3) dialog: Where did you take them?
24) 6) dialog: Where are they!? Tell us! Andrew shoves his axe in Mason’s face and shows him his severed arm. Mason shakes with fear.
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
28) 3) dialog: Sushi? Hell, yea. Line that shit up.
29) 0) text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mas his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
29) 2) dialog: Why? Not enough fish?
31) 5) dialog: (showing the portrait) Have you seen this boy? His name is Timmy. The shocked Black Girl, frightened, shakes her head and bursts into tears.
31) 8) dialog: When? Where? The Kid regards Tanya and Andrew with interest, then spea slowly, pointing to the rear Gate:
31) 10) dialog: Were they crying? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 66.
31) 66) dialog: (peeling the egg) Let’s go, Curtis. To the Front. CURTIS cuts her off. His attention is riveted on his egg.
31) 67) dialog: I'll eat that if you aren't. Curtis locates a pinhole at the bottom of the egg. He pul the egg apart and a small metal capsule falls out.
37) 4) dialog: Curtis! Come on! You have to lead us. Curtis snaps out of it. He pulls the handgun from his bel and strides towards the fallen, bleeding Mason.
40) 0) text: Curtis, with a fierce rage now, leads Tanya and Grey, wea his mask, down a corridor of extravagant guestrooms. FRON SECTION GUARDS approaching from the opposite side shrink with fear. One Guard, at the Gate, holds his ground.
46) 6) dialog: Ahhhhhh! You son of a bitch! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 80. Franco swings the rifle around but is too late as Tanya u her heft to drive both the rifle and Franco backwards. BLAM - Franco fires right into Tanya’s gut as she pushes against the wall.
46) 8) dialog: Timmy. Tanya collapses to the floor at Franco’s feet. Franco swi the rifle to shoot Curtis. Curtis, face contorted with ra charges straight at Franco. CLICK - the rifle is empty. Curtis dives at Franco who catches his leg mid-air and throws him down like a rag do CRUNCH - Curtis' head bangs on a metal ornament on the wa and he instantly passes out next to Grey, blood coming fr the side of his head. Franco pulls the dagger from his shoulder. He grabs Curti shirt and pulls him up. He rears back to stab Curtis when Grey suddenly comes awake and blocks Franco’s thrust. The dagger goes straight through Grey’s hand - it’s tip stopping just inches from Curtis' neck. The dagger has pierced Grey’s tattoo: “Goodbye” Grey, snake quick, puts his legs around Franco’s neck. He performs a Judo maneuver spinning Franco around to the fl They struggle but Grey, with his hand stabbed, cannot fig Franco off. Franco twists Grey’s wrist so the dagger presses into his chest. Grey emits an animal-like moan:
46) 13) dialog: Where’s...my...Timmy?
46) 15) dialog: No, no...my...picture... Curtis looks around at the bloody mess - no portrait. He stands and looks in the unit Tanya was hiding in and find the portrait on the floor. He snatches it up. Yona strokes Tanya’s head - comforting her as Curtis retu
46) 17) dialog: You... Curtis... Tanya exhales - she dies. Curtis closes his eyes - feelin the pain of losing too many friends. He opens his eyes an looks down at the portrait of Timmy.