31) 0) text: WHOOSH - the shouts and clamor of children playing pour o The CHILDREN are revealed disguised in colorful arts and crafts masks. Above the cacophony, we hear the near- hysterical shouts of TEACHER, a young adult woman.
31) 1) dialog: Quiet! Children! Oh! (noticing the arrival of Mason and the Army) Minister Mason?! The CHILDREN fall quiet, turning their masked faces to th Tail Section Rebels. Mason, concealing his bound hands behind his back, pretends to be in charge. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 65.
31) 3) dialog: Yes. Yes! Guests! What do we say to Tail Section Guests, children?
31) 13) dialog: (embarrassed) Ylfa!
31) 15) dialog: We were just about to show a video. Teacher herds the children back to their seats as Curtis rounds up the bereft Tanya and Andrew to move on.
31) 21) dialog: As hard as it is to believe, people in the Old World made fun of Mr. Wilford. (MORE )
31) 23) dialog: They criticized him for over- engineering and over-equipping this wonderful train. But Wilford knew something they did not. And what was that? Several Children raise their hands. Teacher is about to acknowledge one when Ylfa jumps up.
31) 25) dialog: Well, sort of. Mr. Wilford knew that CW-7 would freeze the world. So what did the prophetic Mr. Wilford invent to protect the chosen from that calamity?
31) 29) dialog: (singing) What happens if the engine stops?
31) 33) dialog: Can you tell us why? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 69.
31) 39) dialog: Wilford! Wilford!
31) 41) dialog: Don’t push there’s plenty of room. Who can tell me what comes after Yekaterina Bridge?
31) 43) dialog: Pay attention. This tableau will surely be on the exam! Curtis and the Rebels wander over behind the children. TEACHER (CONT’D) Fifteen years ago, in the 3rd year of the train, seven passengers... (gets incredibly excited) tried to STOP Wilford’s Miracle Train! (visibly calms down) And what do we call this event, Magdalena? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 70.
31) 45) dialog: Very good - long before you were born. But of course, they failed to stop the train. Instead, they jumped out of the running train. Here they come now.
31) 48) dialog: There they are. That’s how far they made it. What happened to them, Sergio?
31) 50) dialog: (excited) So, everyone! If we ever go outside the train?
31) 52) dialog: If the engine stops running?
31) 54) dialog: Who takes care of the Sacred Engine?
31) 56) dialog: Because all life is here - aboard the train, within the great embrace of Sir Wilford. And nothing can live outside the train. rays reflecting on the hill illuminate her and Namgoong’s faces. The white sun- SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 71.
31) 64) dialog: Look children! It’s the New Year Eggs from Mr. Wilford! The Children cheer and surround Egg-Head and his full bas of hard boiled eggs colorfully decorated with the Number in various alphabets: Arabic, Hebrew, Chinese, etc. TEACHER (CONT’D) New beginnings! New Life! Egg-Head hands out a big basket full of boiled eggs to Teacher who hands them out to the Children. Tanya pushes way to the front of the line. 33 34 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 72. TEACHER (CONT’D) These eggs are boiled in water heated by the Sacred Engine itself. See? They’re still warm. Egg-Head gives an egg to Curtis and pushes his cart out t Back Gate. TEACHER (CONT’D) As a special treat, playing for us today is world-renowned first chair violinist of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Mr. Gerald McInster! Gerald, in old formal attire, enters (he was the one drag off in Scene # 3). He plays a violin with only one string Bach’s “Aria in G String.” ON TV MONITOR: “Pause” gives way to CCTV video footage of Head passing out eggs in the Abattoir and Aquarium Sectio
35) 2) dialog: Duck! Mason dives for cover as Teacher opens fire. BLAM - Andrew, just behind Curtis, is shot through the he The children scream and run to find cover. BLAM - BLAM - Teacher swings the gun to aim at Curtis. Grey, pushing Tanya out of the way, pitches the dagger at Teacher burying it in her throat. She drops the gun and i skitters away. The children’s shrill screams continue. 37 38 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 74. Teacher, stunned, reaches for her throat and yanks the da out. Blood runs crimson down her neck from the dagger’s hole. As Curtis approaches her, she snatches up Ylfa and holds her as a human shield - placing the dagger against Ylfa’s throat...
35) 3) dialog: (rasping through a punctured larynx) Stay back. Don’t make me... But she runs out of breath and faints. Teacher falls to t floor; the dagger in her hand pierces her heart. Mason quickly lunges for the fallen gun but Curtis kicks down. Curtis takes up the gun and smashes him with it on head. Blood gushes out from Mason’s head. Tanya cries out, holding Andrew's dead body in her arms.