4) 10) dialog: I did. I got it. (Curtis reaches for it) And I'm keeping it! Tim takes off running. Curtis runs after him. Tanya runs after Tim. Edgar runs after Tim.
4) 12) dialog: It’s mine. All mine... .+-and runs smack into Curtis, lying in wait.
4) 15) dialog: No! No, Curtis...
4) 19) dialog: In the whole wide train?
4) 21) dialog: (face lighting up) The ball!
4) 23) dialog: Yes. Yes. I get the ball for a whole hour.
4) 29) dialog: It’s two. I’m four hundred and thirty three. You know how long I have to wait to get the ball if I...
7) 4) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, bu they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and open the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case without acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His fathe ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
16) 13) text: «+. Now! Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his ba head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison ke on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berser pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. W the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar lock the steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roar with joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
24) 0) text: Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busy networks of water pipes and machinery. He walks past Namgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curt keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like a separated place from the section. ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya sho the portraits of Tim and Andy in his face.
61) 0) text: Yona takes a deep breath, trying to focus. Beyond, out of focus, Namgoong fights Zombies. Yona connects Red into No 5, yellow into No. 1, blue into No. 4. The sparks are hug this time; the gate rumbles and opens.
67) 0) text: The Engine Section lies on its side. The burnt bodies are strewn everywhere. Namgoong Minsoo and Curtis Everett, released from their final embrace, lie side by side, burn bloody and riddled with glass fragments and metal shrapne Tim’s eyes are seen. They blink. Yona’s hand pokes out.
68) 0) text: Yona’s head pokes through the Exit Door. She inhales the bright, icy air. The snowflakes and cold wind tussle her black hair. She pulls Tim, clad in an Inuit fur coat, out behind her.
69) 0) text: Yona’s feet softly crush the snow as she walks. She puts down. He continues his hand movement. Yona surveys the vast, white landscape; tears running down her cheeks. Yona tilts her head - listening. She looks up a snow cove hill where a figure comes into view: a polar bear. The bear stands majestic and proud, regarding the humans. His grunting breath rhythmically pounds Yona’s psychic eardrums. Yona breathes in and out, riding the rhythm. As Tim’s attention is drawn to the bear, he finally stops the hand gesture. Superimposed over his young face is his future adult voice:
69) 1) dialog: I've been cold since the day I was born. Tim’s mouth breathes white vapor.
69) 2) dialog: Because I was born on the snow. The rhythmic breathing turns into musical notes resemblin heart beats. Young Tim’s black face and white eyes fill t screen.