5) 29) text: Gilliam's gaze fixes on a metal plate on the Property of Wilford Enterprises. carved in relief on an impressive iron metal plate on the wall: Wilford Enterprises
31) 19) dialog: When I grow up, I want to live ina train. Forever!
49) 0) text: Yona, drunk and shouting gibberish, follows Namgoong thro the unhealthy smoke of this garish den of marble floors, sculptures and littered with lumps of Chronole and ADDICT Many Addicts are “fashionably” dressed in Inuit fur coats over bare skin. Namgoong swings his rifle, smashing the Addicts down and taking all their Chronole. Namgoong beats an Addict and takes his Inuit fur coat. Th Addict’s skinny, naked body falls to the floor with a thu Namgoong shakes the coat and lumps of Chronole fall to th floor like nuts. Namgoong drapes the coat over his shoulder. He picks up every lump of Chronole. The Addict, behind, tries to grab Namgoong but Yona conks him with her rifle butt. Namgoong pulls the coat off another addict. The Naked Wom Addict grabs the coat and they engage in a tug-of-war. Curtis keeps moving forward straight through the murky sm drawn to a plate above the next Gate: Wilford Enterprises
52) 1) dialog: Curtis? Is that you? Curtis searches for the source of the voice: his back to Curtis and Claude, an old man cooks on a plate heated by hot boulder of metal. He turns to Curtis. WILFORD.
52) 2) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 93. WILFORD (CONT’D) (kindly smile, warm) Curtis, dear boy, there you are. Come in. Let’s have a look at you. Claude leads him to Wilford. She points to a chair at a table by the Stove, elegantly set for dinner for two. Wilford sautes potatoes on a skillet. WILFORD (CONT’D) Hungry? (Curtis is silent) You did a man’s work coming all this way. Curtis glances at Wilford. He is just an old white man. Claude takes up a high stool separate from the table. WILFORD (CONT’D) You are the first human to have walked the total length of this train. Tail to Engine. Did you know that, Curtis? Well done. Bravo. Gilliam has never been here - to the Engine. I’ve never been to the Tail Section.
52) 4) dialog: Do you think my station is without it’s own drawbacks? (Curtis smirks) It’s hot. It’s noisy. (beat) And it’s lonely. Claude doesn’t like that statement.
52) 6) dialog: Curtis, every one has their own pre- ordained position... 54 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 94. Wilford does that peculiar gesture Mason did previously w his one hand, the other hand flipping the ingredients on skillet this way and that. WILFORD (CONT’D) .»+-and everyone is in it. Except you.
52) 8) dialog: Would you trade places with me?
52) 10) dialog: I see you have fight left in you. (beat) Curtis, dear boy, the fact is we are all stuck inside this blasted train. We are all prisoners in this hunk of metal. (suddenly) Medium rare? And this train is a closed eco-system. We must always strive for balance. The water, the air, the food supply, the population - all must be kept in balance. Curtis remembers Mason’s speech about fish population. WILFORD (CONT’D) For optimum balance, however, there have been times when more radical solutions were required. When the population needed to be reduced rather...drastically.
54) 6) dialog: We don’t have time for true natural selection - we would all starve waiting for that. The next best solution is to have individual units kill off other individual units. This is what I call man- made natural selection. 56 INT. ENGINE SECTION - WILFORD’S ROOM Wilford sits at the table, chewing his steak. Curtis has touched his food but it is so very, very tempting.
54) 7) dialog: From time to time, we need to stir the pot. Historically, my pot stirrings have taken the form of uprisings. The Revolt of the Seven. The MacGregor Riots. (points his bloody knife at Curtis) The Great Curtis Revolution!
54) 9) dialog: A blockbuster production with a devilishly unpredictable plot! The shelf-life of this narrative should surely be more than a decade. Curtis’ face hardens. WILFORD (CONT’D) Who could have predicted your counterattack with the torch in the Yekaterina Tunnel! Pure genius! That wasn’t what we had in our plan.
54) 11) dialog: Don’t tell me you didn’t know. We, Gilliam and I. Our plan. Mentioning “Gilliam” pricks up the hair on Curtis’ neck. 57 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 97.
54) 13) dialog: Yes, my dear boy. Gilliam. The Tail and the Front are supposed to work together. We are all connected. Gilliam was more than a partner, really. A friend.
54) 15) dialog: Our original agreement was for this insurgency to end at the Yekaterina Tunnel and then the survivors would go back to the Tail Section to enjoy much more space...but...
54) 17) dialog: (cuts off) Calm down. Calm down. It’s all worked out fine. Your counterattack actually made the insurgency ten times more exciting. Unfortunately, the front suffered greater losses than anticipated, for which Gilliam paid the price. (slashes his throat with one hand) He let you go on and broke our bargain. Isn’t it ironic? How people dramatically cross the thin barrier between life and death? Now, there is just one last thing left to do - tally up the numbers.
55) 0) text: The section has been totally seized by the Soldiers. Tail section Passengers, face down on the floor with their han bound behind their backs, sound off for Egg-Head and Soldiers. Egg-Head goes to a plate that reads “Wilford Enterprises” (the one behind Gilliam’s shoulder in Scene # 5) and slid open a panel to reveal an old-fashioned phone. Close up of Egg-Head on the phone. 58 59 60 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 98.
56) 0) text: Wilford holds an identical phone, standing beside a “Wilf Enterprises” plate that has been opened.
56) 1) dialog: Stand by. (looking at Claude) Is it still the same number? Claude, still aiming her gun at Curtis, counts the number with the fingers of her other hand on her thigh.
56) 3) dialog: (to Egg-Head) OK. Carry on. Shhh. Wait. Spare 18 to celebrate our 18th year.
58) 1) dialog: (holding the phone) I'll miss Gilliam. I’11 miss our late night chats. Oh he could go on for hours, all with only one arm! Quite remarkable, don’t you think? Overcome with shock and rage, Curtis rises to lunge at Wilford with his fork.
58) 3) dialog: (continues his eating) Mind the Engine - she’s getting sensitive, you know.
58) 5) dialog: Please, try to keep your sense of humor. Curtis reluctantly sits down, his eyes burning with hatre WILFORD (CONT’D) Well, now I see what Gilliam meant. He told me you’re smart and brilliant, but always so tense. He worried about you, you know. And... what was her name... Alice? (exaggerated voice) Alice, where are you? Maybe you should go meet her and loosen up a little. Curtis is ready to collapse, his world crumbling in the s and confusion. WILFORD (CONT’D) (looking at Curtis) What’s with that face? What’s the matter? You look like a crazy person. As if we need more crazies on this train!
59) 2) dialog: You know, I believe it is easier for someone to survive on this train if they have some level of insanity.
60) 1) dialog: As Gilliam well understood, we need to maintain a proper balance of anxiety and fear, chaos and horror in order to keep life going. If we don't have them, we need to invent them. In that sense, the Great Curtis Revolution you invented was truly a masterpiece. Dazed and confused, Curtis’ eyes are empty as if each of Wilford’s words is sucking the life out of him. WILFORD (CONT’D) Come here, Curtis. I have something to show you. You deserve it. Wilford directs Curtis to follow him into a circular gate where stands the Engine Core. Claude nudges Curtis’ back with her handgun, pushing him towards the Core. Curtis follows Wilford and slowly walks into the Core. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 101. It is perfectly quiet - no engine noise, rumble of the wheels, nothing. It is sound proof. Curtis takes it in: h is awed by the mysterious and seductive isolation. WILFORD (CONT’D) Cozy, yes? Peaceful.
60) 3) dialog: You are now in the heart of the Engine. I’ve devoted my entire life to this - the eternal engine. It is eternity itself. Curtis’ eyes can’t lie as he takes in the stillness, whic hadn't felt for a long time. * WILFORD (CONT’D) Have you ever been alone on this train? When was the last time you were alone? Can’t remember, can you. So please do take your time. Wilford offers a gentle, fatherly smile to Curtis and, together with Claude, retreats out of Curtis’ vision. * Curtis, finally, stands alone in the silent Core: for the very first time in the entire film, we see Curtis all alo by himself. Quiet. Desolate but cozy as if time has stopped. Curtis * breaks down. He drops to his knees, shoulders trembling, warm tears pouring down endlessly. Curtis’ POV: Tears drain on the floor as Wilford’s foot * frames in. Curtis raises his head to see Wilford holding up a metal capsule. WILFORD (CONT’D) I just wrote it. For you. Here. Take it. Wilford holds out the capsule in his upturned palm. Curti takes it and, his hands shaking wildly, opens it to read Red Letter: “T-R-A-I-N.” Curtis lets it sink in. * WILFORD (CONT’D) I am old. I want you to take my station. It’s what you wanted all along.
60) 5) dialog: You must tend the Engine, keep her humming. Wilford helps Curtis up. As Curtis stands to look towards the back of the train for the very first time, Wilford st behind Curtis and whispers in his ear. WILFORD (CONT’D) Look, Curtis. Look back. Beyond that gate - section after section precisely where they’ve always been and where they’1l always be all adding up to what? The train. And now, once again, the perfectly correct number of human beings all in their proper places all adding up to what? Humanity. The train is the world, we the humanity. Curtis, just as Wilford has been doing all these years, l to the back of the train. Curtis isn’t sure anymore, Wilf has gotten into his head. WILFORD (CONT’D) And now you have the sacred responsibility to lead all of humanity. Without you, Curtis, humanity will cease to exist. You've seen what human beings do without leadership. They devour one another. You, Curtis, you are humanity. You, Curtis, you are eternity. You, Curtis, you.
61) 8) dialog: Look at them. That’s how people are. You know - you've seen this - you've been this.
61) 10) dialog: But no more. Look at them - ridiculous, pathetic, aren’t they? (MORE )
61) 12) dialog: You can save them from themselves. This is what Gilliam saved you for. Curtis, this is your destiny. Curtis stands in front of the circular Engine Core. His eyes, as he looks down on the humans, have turned into ex replicas of Wilford’s. Curtis’ bleak and cold eyes blink.
61) 23) dialog: Ingenious, yes? That piece of equipment went extinct five years ago. We needed a - replacement. Curtis has trouble breathing. He trembles. Yona hides her eyes and weeps helplessly. Wilford, standing next to Curt and Yona, looks down the hole and continues casually. WILFORD (CONT’D) The space only allows for a very small person. Young Children - six and under - have difficulty learning the concentration and patience required for such an important station but Claude spent a long time training these parts.
61) 25) dialog: The engine lasts forever but not so all of its parts. Thank goodness the Tail Section has manufactured a steady supply of kids.
61) 27) dialog: Curtis, don’t disappoint me - I've come to have such faith in you. By now, you must realize that everyone has their own pre-ordained position... Wilford makes that gesture yet again - EXACTLY THE SAME a Tim makes now. Curtis watches Wilford finish and then kic him. Wilford is knocked out. Curtis is back to his normal self, his eyes focused with determination and rage. Curtis bends down to reach out to Tim stuck inside the ho CLACK - Curtis’ arm gets jammed by the Engine parts. Curt bites back excruciating pain to stop the machine’s moveme for a brief second. Yona, crying out of control, comes to help Curtis but he holds out his other hand.
61) 36) dialog: Don’t be so melodramatic. It’s not as if they work 24/7. See, we do change shifts. Right on time. Claude - still bleeding, showing no emotion - wakes up an stands up like a machine and holds up a long stick. She shoves the stick inside the horizontal crack where Andy appeared to scoop out a CAUCASIAN GIRL (6). The Girl is still asleep, rubbing her eyes, as she automatically walks toward the Core. Alarms blare louder as the Engine Core protrudes like a piston to reveal a LATINO GIRL (6) inside who walks out. the Caucasian Girl takes LATINO GIRL’s position, the pist slowly retracts to its original position.