16) 48) dialog: Shit... Yona reluctantly sits up - dirty and clad in short pants a T-shirt. She drapes herself in rags she used as a blank
17) 0) text: CLOSE UP of Yona’s strange, dreamy eyes. YONA’'S POV: Namgoong manipulates complicated machinery i a wall panel with spider-dancing fingers. The Steel Gate flanked by the Rebel Army, ready to jump as soon as it op Yona suddenly grins a little and mumbles:
17) 1) dialog: Nobody there.
17) 3) dialog: No Chronole, no opening! Curtis hands Yona two lumps of Chronole, while keeping hi eyes on Namgoong. SWOOSH - the hydraulic gate opens. Edgar and the Army, weapons out, flood into the next Section to find it total empty. Deflated, they move gingerly into the forward section. Curtis regards Yona suspiciously...
18) 0) text: Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilli and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfully kicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole. Edgar breaks the silence:
18) 9) dialog: No Chronole, no opening!
18) 11) dialog: Coming this way... He’s running...??
20) 12) dialog: Seventeen. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 43.
20) 14) dialog: Hee hee. It’s been rattling like this all my life. ‘Bout you?
20) 16) dialog: 34. You're old. What was New York like?
20) 18) dialog: So your whole life has been crowded and dirty.
20) 20) dialog: And now?
20) 22) dialog: How?
20) 24) dialog: Where?
20) 26) dialog: Mmm. .
20) 28) dialog: Clair... What’s that?
20) 30) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 44. Curtis and Yona standing in front of the gate.
20) 32) dialog: I see sounds. (he doesn’t understand) I can even see the sound of snow falling outside... Yona lapses into silence - listening. She suddenly contor her face in fear.
20) 34) dialog: (quietly) Don’t open it... Yona, deathly pale, jumps up and screams shrilly at Namgo
20) 35) dialog: 
20) 59) dialog: Wow!
20) 62) dialog: Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh! The wheels of the train shake so wildly that it seems it about to derail, but finally they take a precarious hold the tracks and become stable. Fuyu pulls himself upright and, carefully looking out tow the front of the train, pronounces:
26) 0) text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led for by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pas they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam. Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
26) 1) dialog: No Chronole! No opening! Curtis jumps a little, turning to Yona with her hand held out; Namgoong stands by a wall panel ready to open the Ga
27) 3) dialog: You eat this too?
27) 5) dialog: Yeah, well, it’s gross.
27) 7) dialog: Why would you walk on this gross stuff?
27) 9) dialog: (not paying attention) Like hell. It’s all snow and ice.
27) 11) dialog: Wow! Look! Yona runs to the opened gate. Through the gate we see:
28) 0) text: A huge aquarium with large fishes, a turtle and a rayfish swimming in blue water with bubbles. Yona runs, excited, into the section with joy. Mason is shoved forward - like a shield. Curtis and the others enter, flabbergasted to see the aquarium. 30 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 63. FRONT SECTION PASSENGERS do a double take, seeing the arm and ragged Curtis and his entourage, and move quickly awa Mason, to diffuse awkwardness, turns to speak to Curtis.
29) 0) text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mas his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
31) 47) dialog: Why? A huge hill comes into view. And on the back of the hill, seven snowman-shaped white lumps are clearly visible. Yona regards the Frozen Seven with curiosity.
31) 58) dialog: She?
31) 60) dialog: You knew her?
31) 62) dialog: Gana.
40) 3) dialog: (in English)
41) 0) text: Franco and the two Soldiers herd the crying Children into next section as the train makes a wide turn toward the ri FRANCO’S POV: through the window, Front Sections are visi as the train bends widely, almost forming a big circle. Curtis' small team is visible in the Front Section. Franco aims the rifle at Yona’s head and fires. 43 44 45 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 77.
42) 0) text: BANG - CRACK - the bullet breaks through the two panes of Plexiglass window but, its trajectory is altered and it barely misses Yona's head. Strands of her hair, sliced by the bullet, flutter in the air.
42) 1) dialog: 
44) 0) text: BLAM - BLAM - shots hit the glass - most bouncing off and leaving ugly pock marks surrounded by spider web cracks a the heads of Yona, Namgoong and the others flat on the fl Curtis rises and shoots at the faraway School Section. Curtis and Franco square off like gunslingers in a Wester firing at each other as the curvature of the train become more acute. BLAM - Curtis' bullet penetrates the window and hits Fran in the arm. Franco stops shooting. He looks at the blood his arm and then across at Curtis. Curtis reloads and fir Franco comes out of his trance and returns fire. A snowflake gently flies into the train through a bullet hole. It flutters in the air softly in slow motion. 46 47 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 78. The gunfire and all sound fades away. Namgoong’s eyes fol the falling snowflake as it lands on Yona’s shoulder. NAMGOONG’S POV: the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow crystal in extreme close up, as if through a microscope. Then it melts away...
44) 2) dialog: Coming! Three of them! Curtis snaps to attention. Namgoong joins Curtis running the back Gate to jam it shut. Namgoong hastily attacks th electronic controls of the Gate.
48) 0) text: CLUBBERS in bizarre make-up dance under colorful blinking lights to loud throbbing music, rowdy shouting and laughter... WHOOSH - Namgoong and Yona enter carrying empty rifles wi bloodied Curtis on their side. Clubbers find them odd, bu keep dancing. Curtis has no interest in anything but the next Gate. A LADY spots Curtis and stops dancing. Her eyes track Curtis.
48) 3) dialog: Where did you get this?
49) 0) text: Yona, drunk and shouting gibberish, follows Namgoong thro the unhealthy smoke of this garish den of marble floors, sculptures and littered with lumps of Chronole and ADDICT Many Addicts are “fashionably” dressed in Inuit fur coats over bare skin. Namgoong swings his rifle, smashing the Addicts down and taking all their Chronole. Namgoong beats an Addict and takes his Inuit fur coat. Th Addict’s skinny, naked body falls to the floor with a thu Namgoong shakes the coat and lumps of Chronole fall to th floor like nuts. Namgoong drapes the coat over his shoulder. He picks up every lump of Chronole. The Addict, behind, tries to grab Namgoong but Yona conks him with her rifle butt. Namgoong pulls the coat off another addict. The Naked Wom Addict grabs the coat and they engage in a tug-of-war. Curtis keeps moving forward straight through the murky sm drawn to a plate above the next Gate: Wilford Enterprises
51) 0) text: CLANG - a Gate opens and Curtis enters to find a narrow bridge stretching above a mass of unmanned machinery. Namgoong enters bearing a stack of Inuit fur coats. Yona, a coat, follows - they laugh and stumble. Curtis crosses the bridge. Namgoong and Yona follow but, upon reaching the other side, drop down on the steel plat below the next Gate. Yona, drunk as a skunk, flops over a snores hard clutching her bottle and rifle. Namgoong shakes the coats to release all the Chronole and tosses the coats away into a heap. He sits and gathers al the Chronole on the floor.
54) 0) text: BLAM - The distant echo of gunfire wakes Yona. Namgoong, crouching painfully on the stairs, makes a bandage from h torn trousers for his wounded belly. He doesn’t look good
54) 1) dialog: Huh? What happened?
61) 0) text: Yona takes a deep breath, trying to focus. Beyond, out of focus, Namgoong fights Zombies. Yona connects Red into No 5, yellow into No. 1, blue into No. 4. The sparks are hug this time; the gate rumbles and opens.
61) 1) dialog: Ahhh! !
61) 3) dialog: No! Franco does not move. Yona coolly lifts the gun at Franco face and REALLY aims carefully. BLAM - Franco's left cheekbone is shattered but he hardly even blinks.
61) 5) dialog: Yona throws the pistol away. Namgoong groans at her actio as Franco now saunters forward raising his knife.
61) 14) dialog: Curtis! The Match! Curtis coldly extends his arm to Yona’s neck and shoves h down to the Engine Core’s entrance. She is shocked to see his transformed face. She is frozen. Curtis reaches out t slap her face with the back of his hand.
61) 15) dialog: 
61) 17) dialog: 
61) 19) dialog: (looking down) Cough...coughing! Coughing?! Suddenly, a thought flashes through Curtis’ mi something he has forgotten. He blinks as if to clear Wilf out of his head. Curtis runs to Yona and pushes her aside. He lifts the sm but thick iron hatch to unveil a horrible, inhuman sight: Within the complex, intricate moving parts of the engine Tim - head shaved and ribs showing emaciation - coughing gently. He has been completely inserted into the Engine, repeating the same movement over and over - the exact ges that Mason and Wilford made before.
61) 28) text: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 106. Curtis grabs Yona’s hand, palm up, just like Gilliam. She feels something and opens her hand: the matchbook.
61) 29) dialog: 
61) 40) dialog: What about you Dad?
67) 0) text: The Engine Section lies on its side. The burnt bodies are strewn everywhere. Namgoong Minsoo and Curtis Everett, released from their final embrace, lie side by side, burn bloody and riddled with glass fragments and metal shrapne Tim’s eyes are seen. They blink. Yona’s hand pokes out.
67) 1) dialog: Dad! Dad! Yona shakes Namgoong’s body hopelessly, weeping. Tim star at Curtis' body. Beat. He starts the hand gesture again. Yona looks through the blasted Exit Door at the blue sky above. Snowflakes flutter riding a beam of sunlight. 70 71 SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 110.
68) 0) text: Yona’s head pokes through the Exit Door. She inhales the bright, icy air. The snowflakes and cold wind tussle her black hair. She pulls Tim, clad in an Inuit fur coat, out behind her.
69) 0) text: Yona’s feet softly crush the snow as she walks. She puts down. He continues his hand movement. Yona surveys the vast, white landscape; tears running down her cheeks. Yona tilts her head - listening. She looks up a snow cove hill where a figure comes into view: a polar bear. The bear stands majestic and proud, regarding the humans. His grunting breath rhythmically pounds Yona’s psychic eardrums. Yona breathes in and out, riding the rhythm. As Tim’s attention is drawn to the bear, he finally stops the hand gesture. Superimposed over his young face is his future adult voice: