0) 4) dialog: Oh-ho-chit mai-y pa-tro-neh.(he wants my bullets) Everyone laughs. Indy walks up to Spalko in something of Indy turns to the woman in charge.
0) 10) text: -- Dovchenko twists the top off one of the hand grenades the gunpowder in Indy’s left hand. Spalko watches him, curious and impressed. Indy moves towards the boxes and climbs to the top . Spal and Dovchenko follow him curios.
0) 19) dialog: Nyet, Hvatit ya emu neveru (No. Enough. I don’t believe him. I don’t trust him) to Spalko. Spalko gives the order.
0) 27) text: One of the soldiers hands Indy a set of pliers. The group Indy across to a large set of boxes. Indy throws the hat Dovchenko. Dovchenko catches it and puts it back on. Indy the boxes all the way to the top, a few of the soldiers w their rifles follow him. Indy turns and looks at the grou Spalko moves closer to the boxes. Indy using the pliers o the shell and pours the pellets into his hand. He dumps t pellets on the boxes. Spalko watches as the pellets roll down. She looks and se the pellets are going into the boxes. She gets more pelle spreads them across the bottom of the boxes. The pellets the base of the stack of crates, roll up the side of it, disappear through the crack. Spalko watches them disappea looks at Dovchenko. He gives the orders to bring down the
0) 28) dialog: In Russian(everybody come over. Start your cars-move quickly) Indy, pacing, watches form the top as the soldiers with D begin to move the boxes down. The soldiers toss aside sev identical oblong wooden crates. A group of army trucks pull into the area. Spalko gives orders. She watches as the soldiers continue to move the boxes. M mutters to himself. DOVCHENKO (cont'd) ETAT (that one) TEPYE ETAT(get that one. TASHITYE(grab It, pick it up) They finally reach the box with the pellets. The soldiers the crate out. The crate’s dimensions are as Spalko descr about the size of your average coffin, but a bit thinner
0) 34) text: A dozen lights dangling above swing toward the coffin, d it. Mac looks at the floor, as the steel parts from the b crates begin to also move toward the coffin. Spalko follows the coffin from behind a line of soldiers. The others carry the coffin to the open truck. The dog ta their necks are drawn to the magnetism. They are all stru with their rifles, trying to keep them from being pulled the coffin. Spalko moves to the box on the truck, she tries to feel i her hand. Her sward rises towards the box. Spalko brings she takes it off and hands it to Dovchenko. Indy watches from the top of the boxes, he heads down and Mac on the floor. One of the soldiers opens the lid, as he does this, his g are pulled off his face and get stuck on the cover. We ca glimpse of the stencilling. It’s obscured, but what we ca out reads--
0) 55) dialog: But down gun.
1) 0) text: Dovchenko and Indy fall through the glass, and land on a that is held by chains. They continue fighting, Indy is able to roll off and swin chains. Dovchenko grabs onto one of the chains. 14. Dovchenko is hanging by the chain. Indy flies in on anoth and kicks Dovchenko. Dovchenko goes flying into the control room, crashing thr glass window. He lands hard on a control panel, a red light flashes and buzzer BUZZES. The clock starts the countdown. Dovchenko gets up, picks up the chain. Indy has dropped onto the deck of a railroad flat car, se end of the train tracks that run away into the distance, underground tunnel. There’s a jet engine crudely bolted o deck of the flat car. Dovchenko tries to hit Indy with the chain. Indy rolls ba off the platform. Dovchenko follows him, trying to hit hi the chain. Indy tries to get away, he climbs back onto th platform. A set of doors at the tunnel mouth RUMBLE open. The turbine on the rocket ship starts to spin. Dovchenko grabs Indy’s right foot with he chain and pulls down onto the steel grate. Indy tries to get up, Dovchenk punches him. Indy tries again, and again Dovchenko punche Indy tries again, Dovchenko takes the chain and wraps it Indy’s neck. Dovchenko hauls Indy up by the chain. He starts to punch Mac with a group of soldiers carrying their guns, approac the end of an access tunnel behind the flat car Indy manages to get his legs around Dovchenko’s neck, he to choke him as hard as he can. Dov is loosing his breath Indy gets his right foot free and kicks Dovchenko down to ground. Indy comes down The clock is reaching zero.
4) 30) dialog: PRIRIDITYE PROFESSORA! (bring in the professor)
5) 250) dialog: For the love of God, shut in hell up!
5) 257) dialog: For the love of God, shut the hell up!