3) 7) dialog: Tower to Sabre. Your son wants to know if you’re done showing off and we can get this party started.
3) 9) dialog: (to Hal You heard him, Hal. Knock it out. Hal’s about to do that when... BOOM! And not the sonic ki AN_EXPLOSION. Hal races to the window. The RAMJET SPIRALS through the air, leaving a CORKSCREW of BLACK SMOKE.
3) 11) dialog: She can’t fly on one engine. Eject.
3) 13) dialog: Sabre, get outta that plane! Now!
3) 15) dialog: It’s too far away, Martin!
6) 0) text: REVEAL what he’s aiming for: Some 820 million miles away. . Our comforting, familiar blue home. As Abin’s ship straightens to find its course we DISSOLVE TO... ANOTHER SPACESHIP? No, it just looks like a spaceship. It actually the SABRE JET, the latest brainchild of Carl Fer
11) 4) dialog: Explain how pissing off the guy with the government checkbook gets us closer to congressional funding.
11) 6) dialog: He'11 show.
11) 8) dialog: I’ve been preparing for this day for fifteen years, I know what I’m doing.
11) 10) dialog: We don’t need better pilots. We need the ones who’1ll make the Sabre look good. Carol clocks her father’s savvy. Checks her watch.
15) 0) text: A 360 degree view of the sky. ON TOM at the CONTROL STATI headset on. Carol takes her place beside him. The General and Carl arc around. Into his headset:
17) 21) dialog: If a plane hits it... it stalls out. Carol grabs Tom’s headset. Pissed and a little scared:
17) 29) dialog: The Sabres followed Hal into a stall but because they’re unmanned, they can’t restart their own engines.
28) 0) text: A grey day. Mourners gathered around Martin Jordan’s grav YOUNG HAL stares at the coffin. Carl Ferris stands at the foot of the coffin. Opposite Hal, on the other side of th grave sits YOUNG CAROL. An ocean of grief between them.
28) 1) dialog: Except for his wife and boys, there’s nothing Martin Jordan loved more than flying. Now he can fly forever. The open sky was where he was at home.
28) 4) text: Hal’s VOICE fades in, overlapping with Carl’s -- CARL FERRIS (CONT’D) HAL’S VOICE Fly safe. Fly true. You’re Fly safe. Fly true. You’re going home at last. going home at last.
67) 0) text: We see the SENATOR'S JET at the center and head of an elaborate formation. The man can fly. Carol, Carl, and Tom at the controls. Hal (miffed) and Na (transfixed) watch from the window. Carl keys his headset
67) 1) dialog: How's it feel to be back in the saddle, Senator?
71) 0) text: Fire truck sirens illuminate the night and paramedics hel shell-shocked patrons. Everyone too worked up to notice t WHISP of GREEN LIGHT zipping down behind a hangar. A beat later, Hal walks out, casual. Carl wheels around towards him, a little accusatory...
71) 1) dialog: Where were you, Jordan?
115) 0) text: Carol and Carl linger over the news reports of Senator Hammond's death played on several plasma screens --
115) 2) dialog: He was our last shot at getting these off the ground. We could’ve saved lives...
115) 4) dialog: No. It’s time for me to get on with my life. And for you to finally have one. A hug that says he understands the sacrifices she’s made. Appreciative, holding her father, Carol is distracted by something in the distance: TOM slinking down to the shelt
115) 6) dialog: The old fallout shelter? It is. Why? Carol’s not sure either. Curiosity piqued, she beelines t
118) 0) text: Carl moves through his workspace, flicking off the lights by one. He lingers over a Sabre model. Saying goodbye.
118) 1) dialog: Sorry, Martin. Let you down again. A moment of regret. And Carl is suddenly SUCKED out of th showroom -- CRASHING THROUGH a glass partition -- into -- The hangar. He hangs in mid-air, floating above one of th SABRE PROTOTYPES, terrified by the sight of... A GARGANTUAN HEAD. It lists to one side, neck no longer a to support it fully. We PAN DOWN over the cracked and mottled scalp to recognize -- HECTOR. His body useless. He drools slightly. His hands tremble, curled into claws around the arm of a WHEELCHAIR pushed by haggard and disheveled BROOME, a hellish orderl
118) 3) dialog: What are you -- ? Hector sighs, as if he’s being put out.
131) 0) text: A human-sized bullet hole RIPS open as GL bursts through. searches. No sign of Carol. But -- TOM and CARL are held captive, lifted high above, a WHIRL of TOOLS and HEAVY EQUIPMENT SWIRLING around them dangero close. All by HECTOR... who’s slavering for the fight. A monster in a chair, his vile head housing his murderous m
132) 0) text: THAT GREEN HAND catches Carl and Tom. Places them safely.