0) 7) dialog: It's an air show. Not the Superbowl. The blackness parts, revealing DAYLIGHT. We're in:
1) 0) text: Two massive doors split, pushed by MARTIN JORDAN and his HAL (12). We’re immediately jealous of their connection.
1) 2) dialog: Naah. It’s not me they’re coming to see. It’s this... The FLUORESCENTS FLICKER on, revealing a fourth generatio style JET, the RAMJET. Hal races toward it.
1) 4) dialog: When you’re big enough to get in the cockpit without my help.
1) 6) dialog: Carol lets you use the sim. If her pop knew he'd kill you both. Martin lifts Hal up onto the wing.
1) 13) dialog: Someone’s gotta be first, Hal. The concern in Hal’s look draws Martin closer to his son. MARTIN JORDAN (CONT’D) Someday, if your brothers let you live long enough, you're gonna be an adult. And you’re gonna make a million choices. Like where to live. What kinda car to drive. Who your friends are. But every now and then, if you’re really lucky, something chooses you. When that happens, there’s no fighting it. Your mother might not agree with what I do, but she understands that much. Martin watches the concept sink in with Hal. Then:
1) 14) dialog: So... Wanna checkout the cockpit? (Hal leaps up) Wait. You’re gonna need this. Martin strips off his bomber jacket, places it on Hal. Th call sign “SABRE” on the chest. As Hal gets in:
1) 16) dialog: She’s handled worse.
3) 8) dialog: Roger that, Tower. Tell my son I said two fingers worth for him and that’s it.
3) 10) dialog: Tower, I got a flameout in the starboard engine. Over.
3) 12) dialog: Can’t do it, Tower. The jet’ll go straight into the crowd.
3) 14) dialog: I’m pushing her to the runway first! Carol turns to Hal, but Hal is half-way out the room. We FOLLOW HAL DOWN THE STAIRS, bounding two at a time.
3) 16) dialog: I can do it! Sabre, I said EJECT! 5.
3) 17) dialog: I’m clear. Ejecting now -- Sabre, I’m ordering you to eject now! An EARTH SHATTERING CRASH as Hal flies out of the buildin Carol is right after him, watching Hal frantically search PLUME of BLACK SMOKE in the distance.
28) 0) text: A grey day. Mourners gathered around Martin Jordan’s grav YOUNG HAL stares at the coffin. Carl Ferris stands at the foot of the coffin. Opposite Hal, on the other side of th grave sits YOUNG CAROL. An ocean of grief between them.
43) 1) dialog: Remember, it’ll fly itself if you let it.
44) 1) dialog: Just coax it. Now pull back on the yoke. Get a little height... (then, smile) Guess what, kiddo? You’re flying.
67) 36) dialog: Tower, I got a flameout in the starboard engine! Over! Nathan looks to his Uncle. But just like that fateful day Hal has already bolted -- out the door. MARTIN JORDAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) I’m pushing her to the runway. I can do it! I can do it! 56. STAY WITH HAL as he POWERS DOWN THE STAIRS, taking them t at a time, just like he did at twelve. In fact -- With each footfall, we alternate FLASHCUTS TO Young Hal bounding down those same stairs, until he EXPLODES out to
73) 0) text: Reminiscent of our opening because it’s exactly the same hangar. Now completely empty. Hal walks inside, the Lante dangling from his fist. The Ramjet dissolves into translucent view. And Martin Jordan. And a young Hal. Ghosts from the past...
73) 1) dialog: -.-every now and then, if you’re really lucky, something chooses you. When that happens, there’s no fighting it. The memory fades -- and with it the doubt behind Hal’s ey
134) 23) dialog: I’m pushing her to the runway. I can do it! ON HAL. Inspired by his father’s memory. There's still on thing left. He races his plane in front of the Sabre --
134) 26) dialog: I’m clear. Ejecting now -- I’m clear. Ejecting now --