5) 0) text: Lisa makes her way into this relatively quiet part of the airport. Only a few PASSENGERS pass through pulling their carry-ons. Lisa picks up her pace.
7) 6) dialog: Oh my god, I am so sorry. It's iced, don't worry --
7) 8) dialog: Let me find you some napkins.
7) 10) dialog: You sure?
7) 12) dialog: Okay. (then, to someone 0.S.) Larry! Could you run back to Starbucks? The female passenger quickly moves off. Lisa examines her blouse, glances around for the nearest restroom when the Mex Cantina catches her eye across the way. And sure enou
9) 0) text: And a SERIES OF SHOTS to indicate the passage of time... - Passengers sleep on the floor in the gate area - Others sitting in seats, forcing themselves to Stay awa eyeing watches, fiddling with cell phones, typing on laptops... - Over this last image, we PRELAP a TV NEWS REPORT and cu to: ry
10) 0) text: And a SLEEPY-EYED PASSENGER standing in front of an airpo TV kiosk.
11) 0) text: The crowd has thinned as most passengers have already boa We PAN TO reveal Lisa making her way toward the gate area with a couple of magazines she just bought at the last mi She takes out her boarding pass, nears the jetway door wh she nearly bumps into a clean-cut "HEADPHONE KID," 19, in jeans and a t-shirt, backpack, bad BOY BAND-ESQUE MUSIC
30) 0) text: The jet's in full DESCENT MODE now. Flight attendants mov through the cabin, checking seat belts, picking up more t as the first hints of MORNING LIGHT STREAMING through the windows... The cabin FLUORESCENT LIGHTS come on... passengers start wake, getting things together. Rippner notes Lisa's look -- growing pain and alarm. she suddenly WINCES IN PAIN, doubles over, puts her left hand her forehead.
33) 0) text: Anxious passengers sit forward in their seats, waiting fo the jet to stop and the seatbelt sign to be turned off _-
33) 13) text: Stunning him. It's a SHOCKINGLY QUIET MOMENT. Just a distinct "PLOC" when it enters his neck. Before we've eve registered what's happened, Lisa's already scrambling out her seat, jumping over the wounded Rippner and SWIPING HI CELL PHONE as she goes. This as Rippner grabs the embedde pen with one hand, Lisa's leg with the other. Lisa KICKS his hand away, falls into the aisle. Hard. The nearby passengers, including the 40ish woman, registe concern, but haven't yet seen what's happened to Rippner. All they're focusing on is
35) 0) text: Lisa races out to a Swarm of cars, Passengers being dropp off. Fifty feet down, she spies two young and annoying