13) 27) dialog: (intercom filter) Ladies and gentlemen, we know it's © been a long night, so if you'll stow your belongings and take your seats, we'll getcha to Florida before the year's out, we promise. Thanks much. As a few more passengers file past, Rippner and Lisa noti a 40ish attractive WOMAN struggling to lift her carry-on into the middle overhead bin. The woman turns, sees Rippn her eyes pleading for help.
13) 44) dialog: Flight attendants, prepare doors. Ready for push back. Just then, a CELL PHONE rings. Rippner's. He flips it ope
13) 53) text: The senior flight attendant pulls the door closed with a definitive SLAM. She shoves the pressurizing lever down. The letters on the lever "MED" fall next to the letters " on the door -~ ARMED.
15) 84) dialog: (shaking a "no”) They were supposed to fix this cotton pickin' thing back in Dallas. First they take our pensions, then our coffee pots. The young attendant notices a blinking light ON A CONTROL PANEL.
15) 86) dialog: No, I'll take care of it. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
15) 92) dialog: (favors Rippner) What can I do for ya?
15) 96) dialog: I'm real sorry. I'11 bring you some tissues and a couple a waters.
15) 98) dialog: Be right back. The flight attendant quickly moves off into the darkness the cabin. Rippner watches her go, then turns back to Lis
15) 105) dialog: Here ya go.
15) 107) dialog: You're welcome. (to Lisa) Feel better, ma'am. She moves off. Rippner opens the water bottle, hands it t Lisa. She doesn't move a muscle. Rippner twists it open, takes a sip. -- Then:
18) 27) dialog: *Scuse us, please. The nice lady starts to head away -~ Rippner hands the highlighter to the nice lady.
18) 44) dialog: How's she doing? Rippner turns back. The senior flight attendant’s standin over him. He brings his hand up, covering the cut on his forehead, acts like he's merely scratching his head.
19) 2) dialog: Please return to your seats, thank you. (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: The senior flight attendant is cleaning up, stowing coffe pots. She turns as the lavatory door opens. Rippner steps out first, smiles at the senior flight attendant who smil back, but it vanishes when she sees Lisa step out behind Rippner. Lisa heads quickly up the aisle as Rippner shuts the door about to follow her when the senior flight attendant step forward.
26) 1) dialog: Excuse me, sir? (as Rippner turns) This isn't a motel.
27) 8) dialog: working her way down the aisle, collecting trash. Her fac is hard to read, but she's definitely watching Rippner, m intermittent eye-contact with him as she approaches.
27) 9) dialog: (to Rippner) Trash? Rippner nonchalantly stuffs his pretzel bag and water bot in the bag. Rippner smiles up at her. The senior flight attendant glares at him, shoots a glance to Lisa who's st ahead, silent. As soon as the senior flight attendant has moved several rows behind them, Rippner instantly snatches the phone, thrusts it out at her.
33) 40) dialog: I knew something was up -~ She quickly heads for the galley, picks up the phone --
33) 80) dialog: Sir, I can't le you leave the aircraft -- . Rippner DECKS HER. The senior flight attendant goes down.