40) 0) text: Hedge Funder drags a leg over the center console, folds himself into the driver’s seat just as BRAXTON “BRAX” - 3 handsome, suit jacket, slacks, no tie - slides into the passenger seat, closes the door. Brax points a suppressor equipped .45 at Hedge Funder.
40) 2) dialog: (American accent) Daniel Simmons, founder, CEO of Simmons Capital, third largest hedge fund in the U.K. Hello. 37.
40) 4) dialog: Why would I know--
40) 6) dialog: When you interrupt me I think you’re not interested in what I have to say. That or you think what you have to say is more important. Which is it?
40) 8) dialog: I’m part of a small but potent department of a private security force. We have a client; a European manufacturing concern. You’re shorting their stock while simultaneously spreading false rumors regarding the health of the company. The resulting decline of their stock price has made you millions at my client’s expense. They’ve been forced to lay off hundreds of employees; third generation metal-workers. People with families. Pensions are being rendered worthless because of you. You’1l stop now.
40) 12) dialog: I suppose if you’re spreading false information on more than one, you'll have to stop shorting all of them.
40) 14) dialog: Security’s not coming. They’re no longer ambulatory. He stares at Brax, tries not to look at the gun. Fails.
40) 15) dialog: I’m not judging you. Doesn't matter to me how a man makes a living. In fact, here’s a stock tip, take the sting out: CLN; Coleman Company. Hundred years old, camping equipment, lanterns--
40) 17) dialog: They make a wonderful cooler. Durable, stylish. Little ice, a few sodas, sandwiches, keeps cold for days. As a kid I would always know when it was time to move when my mom -- who was tighter than bark on a tree -- got out the Coleman and started emptying the fridge. Brax relaxes, remembering. Hedge Funder uses the moment t steal a look at the gun.
40) 18) dialog: We'd take that cooler into the Negev Desert for days. (MORE )
40) 20) dialog: The men we were with -- Shin Bet, the Mossad, a few Delta, occasionally Jordanian special forces -- they brought sniper rifles. But then they weren’t ten and twelve years old either. Brax slides the gun directly in front of Hedge Funder.
40) 21) dialog: Maybe you're faster. Maybe you can find the safety before I take it away from you. Hey, maybe the safety’s already off and you can just point and squeeze. Or maybe in all the ruckus I pull the shiv tucked into my belt. Hedge Funder’s eyes dart to Brax’ waist line.
40) 22) dialog: Plastic composite. Undetectable at airport security. Surgical sharp but strong enough to punch a hole through the roof of this fancy toy of yours. But maybe I’m bluffing. Decision. Hedge Funder sinks back in his seat, cowed.
40) 23) dialog: Chin up. You made two-hundred ninety-six million last year. Ably navigated the hazards of arbitrage, futures and commodities markets. A success by any standard. (relaxes; leans back) About a week from now your testicles will descend. You'll rationalize your inaction this evening; tell yourself I caught you off guard, convince yourself you made the only play possible under the circumstance. That things would be different if we met on the street. But mainly you’ll find it hard to live with the fact that you’ve abandoned tens of millions based on a stylish threat and the palm of my hand. Then you’ll call your chief trader and tell him to resume your financial mischief. Hedge Funder lunges for the gun -- freezes -- a short BLA at his throat. 40.
40) 24) dialog: (close; intense) At which point I’1l materialize out of thin air with a Coleman full of ice and a pair of rubber gloves. I‘1l open you up, dump your bowels on the floor and make a quick hundred grand harvesting what’s left. Hedge Funder trembles, tears run down his cheeks. Michael Buble's voice fills the car -- “I’ve got the worl a string, I’m sitting on a rainbow” -- Brax’ mobile. Brax retrieves his phone with his free hand, stares at He Funder, answers.
40) 25) dialog: (into phone) Brax here... Forget it, you know I’ve a vacation scheduled. (winks at Hedge Funder) If I’m in and out in twenty-four hours... E-mail me the usual, and make it O’Hare, Midway's a sewer. Brax disconnects, pockets the phone.
40) 26) dialog: I’m an avid reader of the Journal. I expect your cooperation to be reflected there. We good? Hedge Funder swallows, blade against his Adam’s apple. No Brax sheathes his knife, collects his gun, exits the car. We hear the sedan start, see through the driver's window it pulls away. Slow. Hedge Funder hangs his head, sobs.
46) 1) dialog: (low) You’1l have the lemon meringue pie. Ed whirls around, frightened. Brax and two THUGS. 53. Brax waggles the barrel of a silencer-fitted hand-cannon the interior of the Sub Zero.
46) 2) dialog: And those two bottles of insulin.
47) 0) text: Grouped on the kitchen table-- a wedge of lemon pie on a plate, two vials of insulin, a syringe. Brax and a nauseous Ed seated at the table, face each oth over the pie, medication. Thugs stand in the bg.
47) 1) dialog: (checks watch; low) I would think you’d appreciate being treated like an adult. Bile rises in Ed’s throat. Brax motions to THUG 1, silent familiar shorthand. Thug 1 places a waste-basket next to Ed. The CFO retches into it, recovers. Brax signals for water.
47) 2) dialog: You administer an accidental insulin overdose, die with dignity, in the comfort of your home, your wife the beneficiary of, I assume, a generous insurance policy. Thug 1 delivers water and a paper towel. Ed takes a shaky drink, wipes his mouth.
47) 3) dialog: I’m a master of the suicide scene but we’ll need the appearance of an accident if you want your wife to collect on the policy. If we lay hands on you you'll fight, squeal, she wakes up... (shrugs ) Then my hands are tied. One accidental death is just that. Two? I could stage a murder- suicide but you don’t fit the profile and quite honestly, sir, I have neither the will nor the inclination to do so. No, I’1l have little choice but to rock and roll a simple home invasion, violate your wife a dozen different ways, kill you both and burn this place to the ground. 54. At the mention of his wife, Ed’s eyes well with tears, ha involuntarily plead with the devil in his kitchen.
47) 5) dialog: (back to Ed) Okay, settle down, nobody’s touching your wife. Aside from what it would say about me as a person, physiologically it’s a non- starter. No disrespect, I’m sure Mrs. Ed floats your boat but my taste leans to twenty-year old stripper. (sincere) So, I apologize. Sometimes I think I say shit just to sample what comes out of my mouth. Ed exhales, a grateful smile, chance of a reprieve. No go. Brax pulls his .45, uses the barrel to push the syringe to within a couple inches of Ed.
47) 6) dialog: I will, however, park a forty-five in her brainpan. I honor my commitments. That’s who I am. A concept you and your sticky fingers obviously struggle with. Make a decision, sir. Realization dawns on Ed, resignation. INT. CREATIVE ROBOTICS - CHRIS’ OFFICE - DAY A MAINTENANCE WORKER, bucket at his feet, dutifully clean numbers off the wall. The dry-erase boards gone. Chris stands, stares at the board-less wall. On edge, his puzzle gone.
54) 0) text: The two thugs who assisted Brax with Ed sit at the kitche table, hunched over plates of apple pie, eating.
63) 25) dialog: (into phone) Since when did accountants become difficult to ventilate? (surprised; amused) Dead? Christ, what did he do, hit them with an adding machine? Brax listens, slows, grin fading. He stops, his face empt oblivious to the luggage-toting travelers edging around h
63) 26) dialog: Give me the client’s number. I want to hear more about this accountant.
80) 3) dialog: (over phone) Done, you sick twist. The line GOES DEAD. Lamar exhales, returns his phone to h pocket, leans on the counter. He cries. Softly at first, then, overcome with grief, sob The tears quickly subside. He clears his eyes, wipes his nose. He focuses on his laptop, begins to type, tinker with the hand, humming.
81) 0) text: Chris stands on the curb ready to cross the street. He se a man exit the Towers, walking fast, staying in the shado Possible recognition plays across Chris’ face. Chris paces the man on the opposite side of the four lane street. Traffic passes between them. On the other side, Brax walks, his peripheral vision catc Chris’ figure on the opposite sidewalk, behind parked car 87. Brax stops. Chris stops. Brax resumes his pace, grins to himself. PHHT! PHHT! -- snaps off two NO-LOOK rounds across the street. A car win shatters. ALARM sounds. He looks... Chris is gone. Brax pauses, impressed with the vanishing act. INT. RITA’S APARTMENT - HALLWAY - NIGHT Dark. Rita’s lifeless body lies on the floor, eyes open, dime-size hole in the forehead. Chris squats next to her, forearms on his legs, gun held between his knees. He blinks back eye contact as he close her lids with a gloved hand.
91) 2) dialog: Who knows what remains of the day?
91) 4) dialog: I recommended you leave the country. You declined. An angry frightened Lamar turns on Brax.
102) 6) dialog: (to Lamar; low) Ever see a match-grade round traveling three thousand feet per second come through a window? A picture window divots, a mist from Bald Merc’s head. A distinctive BOOM from the Barrett, Bald Merc crumples.
102) 7) dialog: Nobody does. Brax grabs Lamar by the scruff of the neck, bolts. Mercs crouch as .50 cal rounds blow jagged holes through great room, brick powders, walls tear like tissue, strike lake beyond. A round punches thru 2 walls, a MUSTACHED ME A HUGE MERC lies flat, a round gouging the wood floor nea his head. The other Mercs crawl to the rear of the house. Stop. Silence. The Huge Merc gathers himself, freezes as watches the front door ease open, hears a whispered chant from the darkness.
105) 0) text: A horrified Lamar listens to the relentless MUFFLED GUNFI nears the still seated Brax.
105) 2) dialog: Died on Saturday, buried on Sunday.
106) 2) dialog: (screams ) Enough with the moronic chant already! Chris squints against the light, pistol aimed at Brax. He hesitates, is kicked in the face, spun off Merc Leader. A enraged Brax looms over a prone Chris.
106) 3) dialog: You crack a spook’s skull?! Chris tries to rise, Brax kicks him.
106) 4) dialog: Because you feel sorry for some miserable sand trash?! Brax unleashes another kick, Chris traps the ankle. Brax straddles Chris, punches him in the face.
106) 5) dialog: You don’t let our father ruin his life by running to him! (punch) You don’t call him! Another hard punch, Chris looks up at him, no fight.
106) 7) dialog: “I'm sorry, Braxton!” “I’m!” “I'm!” “I’m!” You're not the Queen of England YOU WEIRD FUCK! Chris, enraged, grabs Brax by the shirt, pulls his brothe down, snaps his own forehead up, head-butting Brax. The two brothers roll on the ground -- no longer two professionals -- a snarling, spitting ball of juvenile fu Chris rolls on top of his bleeding younger brother, balls fist, pulls back... can’t.
106) 8) dialog: (near tears) You call me. Me. I’m your brother. I’m the one who always had your back. I fix things. Why didn’t you call me? Chris grabs Brax’ face in his hands, wills him to underst
106) 12) dialog: What are the odds?
106) 14) dialog: Christ, it’s rhetorical. (beat) I’ve looked for you for the last six years. Chris sits up, struggles to his feet, locates his glasses
106) 27) dialog: I’m right behind you. In the bg, Lamar picks up the machine pistol, aims at the
106) 29) dialog: I’ve missed you. A lot. lll. Brax puts a supporting arm around him, Chris drapes his g arm over his younger brother’s shoulders.
106) 30) dialog: I missed you too, Braxton. Because you’re my brother and I love you.
106) 32) dialog: Watertown in a week?