38) 0) text: Skyline of Canary Wharf. SUPER: London, England
42) 0) text: Audio: A GUNFIGHT. Men curse in anger, shout in fear. SUPER: One Police Plaza, New York City Marybeth, headphones on, listens, absorbed by the audio violence. She sits to one side of a desk manned by... DON, 50s -- same guy on video -- stocky, shirt and tie, stares at the spiking audio waves on his desk monitor. He tap-tap-taps a pencil on his desk, annoyed, restless. The floor busy. Noisy. A mostly male, shirt-and-tie crowd Over her headphones: the gunfire stops, silence. Then--
42) 2) dialog: That’s it. Anything else? She slides the phones off her ears and around her neck.
42) 4) dialog: Steak knife. From Amighetti’s. Catty-corner cross the street.
42) 8) dialog: That’s what I’m telling you.
42) 10) dialog: Not my problem. She can’t accept this, opens her mouth to say so--
42) 11) dialog: I worked the Organized Crime Task Force. Whoever this guy was, he wasn’t Organized Crime. It was just him, and he ran the table on all our organized criminals.
42) 13) dialog: Place was a toilet. Somebody wants to work the flusher, fine by me.
42) 16) dialog: (whispers) Fuck. You. Inches apart, their eyes lock, neither blink. 46.
42) 17) dialog: (low; intense) This guy dismantled two mob enforcers -- known murderers -- in under five seconds. No huffing and puffing. No rolling around on the Sidewalk. He bled them out and strolled into a den of stone-cold killers like he was the Fed-Ex guy. He reaches into a bottom drawer, pulls out a file folder.
42) 18) dialog: I have a wife, agent. Three kids. We drive to Gulf Shores every July. Not a great life, but it’s mine. He pulls a short stack of photos from the file, holds the to her, one by one: GRAPHIC KILL SHOTS of Raven victims.
42) 19) dialog: Steak knife in the throat. Nasal bones in the brain. Head-shot. Head-shot. Head-shot. He stops, stares... the photo in his hands extra gruesome
42) 20) dialog: Somewhere along the line, got his hands on a cut-down twelve gauge. Shuffles the deck, another photo, another dead mobster.
42) 21) dialog: Anthony “Little Tony” Benedetto. Acting capo of the family. Both orbital ridges splintered. Forensics lists cause of death as massive blunt force trauma. She looks from the photo to Don, puzzled.
42) 22) dialog: Kicked him. Once. He returns the photos to his desk drawer.
42) 23) dialog: So you tell me, Treasury Barbie: who does that? He stands, pulls a pack of cigarettes from a shirt pocket
42) 24) dialog: Both you and Bloomberg can kiss my ass. I’1l be outside.
42) 26) dialog: (dumbfounded) What exactly do you do over there? Talk to King, you guys shut it down. Confused, she watches him leave. INT. CREATIVE ROBOTICS - CHRIS’ OFFICE - NIGHT Open briefcase contains files. Laptop. Pens. Tape. Two rows of dry-erase markers; a dozen RED, a dozen BLACK. All the LEDGERS open, spread out over the tables. Chris stands, bending over a ledger, running his hand quickly d the page, hunting. He flips the page, scans it, faster now... stops. He RIPS THE PAGE OUT. Chris stands, stares straight ahead, two markers -- red a black -- in his shirt pocket. Adrenaline flows, he rolls sleeves up, undoes a shirt button, tucks his tie in. In his mind, the faint notes of MUSIC from a hundred different sources, disjointed, growing louder. He pulls the markers, one in each hand. Practiced thumbs the caps. In front of him, two pristine dry-erase boards. The music coalesces, a specific BEAT emerges, swells.
93) 0) text: LOUD GUNFIRE. A fear-stricken Don grips his gun, looks across the hall at his back-up -- RAY KING. Ray licks his lips, advances.
93) 1) dialog: Fuck this. Let’s go. Ray looks, sees a terrified Don eyeing the entrance door.
93) 2) dialog: Uh-uh, not me-- Don exits. BOOM! A shotgun blast. Ray automatically swivels to the sound, both hands grasp an unsteady gun he in front of him. A warren of rooms. Don hesitates, considers following, but instead runs for entrance door. Ray looks up. From the second floor SHOUTS OF PANICKED ME RUNNING.
100) 0) text: Ray and Don sit, the cramped space full of electronics. Visible through the windshield, CHRIS WALKS BY, unnoticed