3) 0) text: An unseen GUNFIGHT, men SHOUT, run. Chaos. AGENT'S POV -- rolled shirt cuffs, trembling hands clutch PISTOL as its barrel sweeps back and forth. The sound of own frightened breathing.
5) 0) text: Modest. A wrap-around porch... the quiet shade of an old- growth coastal forest. A government-issue Ford sedan in t small gravel parking lot fronting the cabin.
6) 0) text: SUPER: Brookings Harbor, Oregon 1988 A child's hands sift quickly through a pile of hundreds o puzzle pieces, feeling, searching, discarding... finding
6) 11) text: ..-obsessive personalities, overly sensitive to light and loud noises. You may find he has highly advanced cognitive skills, math for instance, music. Einstein, Isaac Newton, Picasso and Van Gogh are believed to have had Asper-- Little Brother looks at Nurse, catches her eye. YOUNG BOY’S MOTHER (V.O.) (rope’s end) “Einstein”? You talk like you're glad he has this Aspergers.
8) 0) text: Clean. Small. A matronly RECEPTIONIST sits behind a desk, immersed in a paperback romance novel.
10) 0) text: MARYBETH MEDINA, early 30s, Hispanic, attractive, conservative business suit, trails a fast-walking bulldog a FEMALE ADMIN. SUPER: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network... Department the Treasury 8. High tech. Glass-walled offices. Busy. Rows of desks, shirt/tie wearing men, women in business suits... speakin phones... flat-screen monitors... streaming financial dat They approach the alpha-dog corner office. Through glass walls she sees Deputy Director RAY KING, late 50s, fit, c white shirt, tie, pacing, talking. INT. RAY KING’S CORNER OFFICE The Admin deposits an anxious Marybeth in the open doorwa Ray glances over, crooks a finger at her. She enters.
11) 0) text: Chris stands by the open door, eyes down, the relieved Ri leaving. The receptionist sits, novel open, waiting.
12) 0) text: Chris parks the pickup truck in the usual spot. Above the other spot, a tow chain hangs from a large pull connected to a rafter-high 4X6 beam. Suspended from the chain, what appears to be a TARP-COVERED TRANSMISSION. The garage door closes. INT. CHRIS’ HOME - NIGHT Spartan. Disposable. Stock photos of staged model familie smile out from picture frames. Furniture immaculate.
14) 0) text: Silence. Chris sits at his table, preparing to eat. He BLOWS TWICE his fingers -- lightly. Picks up his fork. 16. INT. CHRIS’ HOME - BEDROOM - NIGHT Chris, t-shirt and boxers, sits in the center of a queen- sized bed, legs extended. He rolls a cut-down BROOM STICK and down scarred shins. Up. Down. His mind elsewhere.
15) 0) text: Young Boy rages, strains against his Father. The man knee strong arms wrapped around his son, squeezing, rocking.
16) 0) text: BINOCULAR LENS POV -- A FAT CANTALOUPE perched atop a sun bleached fence post comes into focus, a SMILEY FACE inked it. Three posts, three smiling cantaloupes.
18) 0) text: BINOCULAR LENS POV -- The last canteloupe EXPLODES. A mile of farmland blurs by as the lens searches, focuses Chris stands at the edge of the timber, gun in hand, star at the lens. He raises a hand “good-bye”, turns. At a window, Frank lowers binoculars from stunned eyes.
19) 0) text: Window down, Chris’ pickup idles up to a guard shack. Inside, a bored GUARD nods toward the truck.
20) 0) text: A closed galvanized metal overhead door. 18.
22) 0) text: Low classical music from mini wall-mounted Bose speakers. Strands of Christmas tree lights sparkle along upper blon wood walls. The lighting diffused, warm. Home. DINING AREA. A laptop open on the table. A framed RENOIR hangs on a wall. A tiny CAMERA high in a corner. TOY HAULER AREA. Tie-downs leash a CONFEDERATE WRAITH MOTORCYCLE. A CRAFTSMEN tool chest. On wall racks: the Barrett, scoped DAKOTA T-76, pistol-grip MOSSBERG 12 GAUG KALASHNIKOV with banana clip.
23) 0) text: An original “Star Wars” LIGHT SABRE mounted on the wall.. the handle, a signature in black marker: George Lucas. Light from a Tiffany lamp on a bedside nightstand. The bed-- a homemade contraption -- atop a mechanical fra a queen mattress curled over on itself lengthwise to form shape not unlike a hollowed out log. Chris tucked inside. Chris lies snug in the bed, studies a poster on the oppos wall; ADULT FACES, subtle expressions-- surprise, anger, confusion. Joy. Chris mimics joy, puts a hand to his mout feels his smile. Lets it fade. He works a remote control and a small motor whirs, rotati the bed upward, mattress flattening. On his back now, eye resting on a large framed JACKSON POLLOCK mounted flush t the ceiling. He daydreams, lost in chaotic swirls of viscous paint.
24) 0) text: Dark. Small. Institutional. BUNK BEDS. Bottom bunk, beneath a thin sheet FRANCIS SILVERBERG, 80s, bare-chested and frail, instructs.
26) 0) text: A granite “CREATIVE ROBOTICS” sign on a tree-lined campus leads to a large ultra-modern glass structure. The sound of two people walking fast, talking fast...
26) 1) dialog: Bad idea, worse timing. Not one of your brother's better ideas.
27) 0) text: Electromechanical arms slide computer chips onto circuit boards, automated arms solder. 24.
27) 1) dialog: From Pricewaterhouse, Rita. Ernst and Young! What kind of “auditor” comes recommended by an Albanian war criminal?
28) 0) text: Chris, suit and tie, pocket protector, stands compliant, outstretched. A SECURITY GUARD waves a metal-detector bat over him.
29) 0) text: RITA BLACK, 60s, handsome and EDWIN “ED” CHILTON, 60s, la no smile, sit together, face Chris across a large table.
29) 4) dialog: (snorts) Anything?
29) 6) dialog: You have a newsletter?
29) 8) dialog: Uh, Mr. Wolff, I half suspect we’re wasting your time.
29) 10) dialog: (defensive) And you know this how?
29) 12) dialog: (insincere laughter) Well, shit, I hope we’re not wasting ours then. (changes tactics) Kidding aside, I think if you saw our books you’d run for the hills. Chris silently mouths the expression, confused.
29) 13) dialog: We have an incredibly complicated accounting system. Chris stirs, senses a challenge. A PUZZLE.
29) 14) dialog: Depreciation schedules on hundreds of different items, charge-backs, full-time and contract employees, Department of Defense classified accounts... a numerical shit-storm-- He’s in.
29) 16) dialog: Whoa now. This was all brought to my attention only last week. A junior cost accountant stuck her nose where it didn’t belong and obviously had no idea what she was looking at. Lamar’s overreacting, there is no missing money!
29) 21) dialog: Well, you’re awful Goddamn blunt. Chris glances at him, unfazed by Ed’s anger.
29) 22) dialog: I’m Lamar Black’s oldest friend. I’ve been by his side since he was turnin’ out RC robots Radio Shack called crap. I wouldn’t take a dime without his say so.
29) 24) dialog: This is bullshit. Rita stares at Chris, holds a hand up to Ed.
29) 26) dialog: “Tracked?” Not recovered?
29) 28) dialog: (sotto; sarcastic) “We're an accountant”?
30) 0) text: A wall clock reads 4:03, the division hums with activity. At her bullpen desk, Marybeth stares at her monitor, scro through profiles of the THUGS in the Accountant file. Faces flash, words, figures pop: Terrorist. Hawala. $20 million. Extortion. $45 million. Organized crime. Smurfing. $70 million. Narcotics kingpin. Murder. She pushes back, anxious, looks around the beehive. MARYBETH’S POV -- every person busy, on the phone, comput engaged. Ray paces in his office, phone pressed to the si of his head, giving someone hell. Pressure. She pulls back to her desk, determined. Clicks her mouse, brings up the ANTWERP photo, locates the Accountant. She MAPS his face, SLIDES THE DIGITAL IMAGE to a desktop folder. Opens her e-mail, types in the “to” box: SORKIS@DHS.GOV.
31) 0) text: Chris looks through one-way glass as a WHITE-COATED DOCTO works on one of two prosthetic arms on a seated shirtless (and armless) MAN, 20s. The prosthetic is Terminator-high-tech. Chris turns as LAMAR BLACK, 60s, enters the viewing room. Lamar, in khaki pants, plaid shirt, oozes decency, warmth Lamar stands next to Chris, watches the lab. The doctor removes one arm and walks to a side bench. The patient looks off-balance without the arm, incomplete. 28.
32) 0) text: Techs manipulate robotic arms, legs, joints. A prosthetic armed patient picks coins off a table with robotic finger Chris and Lamar walk and talk.
39) 0) text: Mostly empty. Clip of expensive shoes on concrete. A HEDG FUND boss - 30s, fit, handsome - walks, presses his key f a car alarm beeps. He frowns at a sight os.
40) 0) text: Hedge Funder drags a leg over the center console, folds himself into the driver’s seat just as BRAXTON “BRAX” - 3 handsome, suit jacket, slacks, no tie - slides into the passenger seat, closes the door. Brax points a suppressor equipped .45 at Hedge Funder.
41) 0) text: Ducks paddle across a man-made pond, circled with trees. Dana sits on one of two park benches facing the water. An insulated carry-all next to her, she eats a yogurt. Chris, sack lunch and thermos in hand, approaches the benches. She turns just as he sees her, slows. She inches her carry-all closer to her, making room. Frustration slides across his face, solitary routine compromised. He beelines for the empty bench, unpacks lun An awkward beat for Dana, then --
42) 0) text: Audio: A GUNFIGHT. Men curse in anger, shout in fear. SUPER: One Police Plaza, New York City Marybeth, headphones on, listens, absorbed by the audio violence. She sits to one side of a desk manned by... DON, 50s -- same guy on video -- stocky, shirt and tie, stares at the spiking audio waves on his desk monitor. He tap-tap-taps a pencil on his desk, annoyed, restless. The floor busy. Noisy. A mostly male, shirt-and-tie crowd Over her headphones: the gunfire stops, silence. Then--
42) 32) text: Chris stands where both boards meet, lost in thought, repeatedly CIRCLING the sole empty space available.
43) 0) text: Ed yawns, stands in front of his toilet, urinating. The sound of his urine stream stops, starts, stops.
44) 0) text: Ed heads back to bed. A faint NOISE outside the room. He stops, listens.
45) 0) text: A huge river-stone fireplace anchors the home of a wealth man. Light from a plasma TV left on, volume low. Ed, ina long bathrobe, frowns at the TV. He kills it, heads for the--
46) 0) text: Light spills out from an open Sub-Zero. Ed rummages in th fridge for a snack.
47) 0) text: Grouped on the kitchen table-- a wedge of lemon pie on a plate, two vials of insulin, a syringe. Brax and a nauseous Ed seated at the table, face each oth over the pie, medication. Thugs stand in the bg.
48) 0) text: Poorly lit. Cinder-block walls. A blood-smeared nail gun balanced on a saw horse.
49) 0) text: Chris, unshaven, eyes red, sits alone, behind his desk. H stares into space, rocking back and forth, thinking. OS a phone RINGS.
50) 0) text: The nightstand clock rolls 10:01. A beat. Chris hurries in, soaked in sweat. He beelines for his bottle of PROZAC. He sits on the bed, stops. He considers the bottle, the pills inside. His grip tightens, resentment mounting. He ROARS in FRUSTRATION, fires the bottle at a wall. The bottle CRACKS open, capsules scatter. He squeezes his head between his forearms, fingers laced his head. He moans, rocks back and forth in pain.
51) 0) text: Chris’ pickup slows at a gravel driveway. He wheels in, passing a MAILBOX reading “RICE.” 62. EXT. RICE FARM —- DAY Parked at the base of a giant sycamore, Chris sits on the open gate of his pickup, Sharpie in hand, putting the finishing touches on the third smiley-face canteloupe. His Sharpie trails off mid-smile, mind elsewhere. He lays back.
52) 0) text: A dark late-model sedan slows at the Rice mailbox, pulls gravel popping beneath tires.
54) 0) text: The two thugs who assisted Brax with Ed sit at the kitche table, hunched over plates of apple pie, eating.
55) 0) text: Dolores stands, shields frightened eyes from the sun, loo at the timber line. Thug 2 close behind her.
57) 0) text: Chris coolly stares down the scope on the big BARRETT .50 CALIBER balanced on the hood of his pickup.
58) 0) text: Thug 1 reels, chair falling. He pulls his pistol, angry, scared, confused. He levels the gun at a ducking Frank.
59) 0) text: Dolores stares at the decapitated corpse, horrified.
61) 0) text: Chris’ arms encircle a prone Thug 1’s thick neck. Chris exerts pressure, whispers in the terrified big man’s ear.
62) 0) text: Chris SCREECHES to a stop in front of a startled Guard.
63) 0) text: Dana exits the elevator with a nervous glance over a shoulder. MAN 1 smiles, follows. MAN 2 stays, holds the elevator. She shifts the groceries, anxious, rummages in her purse. Man 1 reaches under his jacket. Chris barges through an EXIT door, looks down the long ha SPRINTS. Man 2 sees Chris, draws a gun. Dana pulls her keys, sees Chris running, turns. Man 1 lev a gun at her. She’s paralyzed with fear. Groceries fall. Man 1 sees Chris, switches targets. Too late. Chris wrenches his gun hand up -- PHHT! A SILENCED ROUND pierces the ceiling. Dana futilely tries to key her lock, hands shaking. Chris drives his instep down on the inside of Man 1's kne snapping the leg... he GASPS in pain... the gun falls. Man 2 races down the hall, gun leveled. Chris bends for Man 1's gun... PHHT! PHHT! shots furrow t floor between him and the weapon. Man 2 closing fast. Chris straightens, spins a crippled Man 1 around to face partner... instantly wraps Man 1 in a FULL NELSON and dri him down the hall toward Man 2. Man 1 SCREAMS, his shattered leg bending unnaturally with each step. Chris shields himself, forces the man’s head s to side, like a METRONOME. Fifteen feet apart...
65) 0) text: Chris, in a black fidget, hustles toward his bedroom.
66) 0) text: Nerves frayed, Dana hugs herself, paces, walks to the trailer, looks in a window. She resumes pacing.
67) 0) text: Chris SLAMS the door shut, pulls a bulging duffel from hi closet, dumps it onto the bed.
70) 0) text: Chris motors, Dana following, crowding. His irritation me redlining, he rubs his head with his free hand.
72) 0) text: Alone, Marybeth sits at her desk, staring dry-eyed at her monitor. MUG SHOTS OF DOZENS OF MEN scroll. Louis “Lou” Carroll, Lew Carol, Louis Karel. She rubs her tired face, getting nowhere. She tap-tap-tap her fingertips on her desktop. Types ALBERT ANASTASIA. Black and white photo circa 1957: detectives in suits/hat take notes. At their feet, white sheets cover the face, lower body of a dead Anastasia, his bare-chested corpse o the tile floor of a barber shop. The mobster’s lifeless hand inches from a pool of blood. Desk phone RINGS. She jumps. Picks up.
73) 0) text: Dark. Large. Cubicles. Overhead fluorescent lights off. Faint FOOTSTEPS. A lone light shines from a cubicle in the middle of the r SOUND OF AN ADDING MACHINE. A male IRS AGENT, 50s, starched white shirt, tie, flips through a file with one hand, works an adding machine wit the other. FOOTSTEPS approach. Stop. He looks up with sunken bloodhound eyes, a humorless smil
74) 0) text: Chris’ pickup exits the lot. The Airstream parked, blendi in among two hundred RVs.
75) 0) text: Elegant low-key lighting illuminates its sign. Uniformed valets front its entrance.
78) 0) text: Large. Luxurious. Stunning view of downtown Chicago. A low fire crackles in the fireplace. A sterling silver room-service tray holds the remains of dinner: hamburgers, fries, milk-shakes in tall glasses. In the center of the tray, long-stemmed orchids in a vase
79) 0) text: The corncob-shaped twin towers, sixty-five stories high. INT. CHRIS’ PICKUP TRUCK Parked a block from the Towers. Chris, ear-piece in, alon gloved hands screw a suppressor onto his semi-automatic.
80) 0) text: Rita thunders down the darkened hallway, gun in hand.
81) 0) text: Chris stands on the curb ready to cross the street. He se a man exit the Towers, walking fast, staying in the shado Possible recognition plays across Chris’ face. Chris paces the man on the opposite side of the four lane street. Traffic passes between them. On the other side, Brax walks, his peripheral vision catc Chris’ figure on the opposite sidewalk, behind parked car 87. Brax stops. Chris stops. Brax resumes his pace, grins to himself. PHHT! PHHT! -- snaps off two NO-LOOK rounds across the street. A car win shatters. ALARM sounds. He looks... Chris is gone. Brax pauses, impressed with the vanishing act. INT. RITA’S APARTMENT - HALLWAY - NIGHT Dark. Rita’s lifeless body lies on the floor, eyes open, dime-size hole in the forehead. Chris squats next to her, forearms on his legs, gun held between his knees. He blinks back eye contact as he close her lids with a gloved hand.
82) 0) text: IRS Agent enters the name, stares red-eyed at his monitor At his side, Marybeth slumps in her chair, list in hand.
83) 0) text: Faint sound of a vacuum cleaner. Deserted save for a lone cleaning woman in the bg. Ray, Brooks Bros. suit, strides through his empire, folde Washington Times in one hand, Starbucks in the other.
84) 0) text: Ray, sans jacket, lowers himself into his chair, starts h morning routine. He opens the Times, sips his coffee-- 89. BAM! His door bangs open, startling him, spilling coffee. Marybeth steams in, clothes wrinkled, circles under her e
85) 0) text: Chris, jeans and jacket, sits on the edge of an easy chai rocking back and forth. He watches Dana sleep.
87) 0) text: Dana sits on the side of the bed, eyes red, open sheet of paper in hand. She stares straight ahead... at nothing. 93. Written on the sheet of paper: “I’m leaving. Goodbye Dana INT. CHRIS’ RANCH HOME - DAY Marybeth snaps on a pair of latex gloves, holds a wrinkle pair out to Ray. He shakes his head, scopes the room.
88) 3) text: Marybeth looks at Ray. He seems in a trance, ignoring the gun, fascinated by the cabinets’ spare contents. EXT. CHRIS’ RANCH HOME - DAY Ray and Marybeth survey the property. He turns to the com ground, the woods beyond.
89) 0) text: The agents file in, look around. The space bare but for-- The TARP-COVERED OBJECT suspended from the rafter beam.
90) 0) text: A prone SNIPER 1 blends with brush, eye to his rifle scop His POV: Lake Michigan frames an isolated glass and brush steel mansion.
91) 0) text: Soaring vaulted cathedral ceilings, floor to ceiling wind MERC LEADER grins, glances at an anxious Lamar staring ou picture window. Four other MERCS lounge on furniture, loa clips, work slides on suppressor-equipped pistols.
95) 0) text: No gunfire. No cursing. Only unsettling quiet. Ray advances down the dim hall. Sweating, hands trembling shoulders aching, labored breath loud in his ears. Blood-spatters spiderweb the walls on both sides. Dead mobsters litter the floor. Ray GASPS, startled. At his feet, a DYING MOBSTER with a gaping chest wound grips Ray’s pant cuff.
95) 4) text: Ray inches along the wall to the doorway, pistol tight against his chest. He licks dry lips, tenses, ready... CLICK. A .45 cocks. Ray freezes. A barrel pressed against the ba of his head. He squeezes his eyes shut. Opens them.
96) 0) text: A microwave cooks a breakfast burrito. An unshaven, wrink shirted Ray holds a five dollar bill up to the overhead fluorescent lights, studies it.
97) 0) text: Windowless, dingy. Francis sits at a long oblong table, talks, doing his best to explain. He pauses, worried.
98) 0) text: A numb Francis wears a dated suit. He stands, waiting, ch suitcase by his feet. The bus pulls up.
99) 0) text: A coroner pulls back a sheet, averts his eyes from an uns corpse. An ashen Ray stares down. The sheet returned. One of Francis’ ruined hands is exposed. Ray’s eyes shine he takes the hand in his, gently tucks it beneath the she
100) 0) text: Ray and Don sit, the cramped space full of electronics. Visible through the windshield, CHRIS WALKS BY, unnoticed
103) 0) text: Lamar, frightened, stares at the closed door, backs into center of the room.
104) 0) text: Chris chants, eerily calm, sweeps the home. Each burst of automatic weapon fire met with a solitary shot. One dead, two dead-- a TATTOOED MERC advances, firing. Dozens of silenced rounds splinter door frames, dig into walls, furniture. 107.
105) 0) text: A horrified Lamar listens to the relentless MUFFLED GUNFI nears the still seated Brax.
106) 0) text: The Tattooed Merc stops firing, presses himself to a wall waits, listens. Two short rounds rip through the wall, en his head. He drops. Chris rounds the wall--
107) 0) text: The Secretary of the Treasury at the podium. Flanking him Ray, Marybeth, and a half-dozen agents. Seated REPORTERS the room, standing room only in back.
108) 0) text: The cabin familiar to us, well-maintained. A small sun-bleached wooden sign, the words “Harbor Neuroscience” weathered, aged. AUTISTIC BOY’S MOM (V.O.) (strained emotion) He was just like our other two, such a happy baby. Now, he rarely speaks. It’s like... our child is missing, he’s not there. He’s lost and he needs our help... We thought-- Coming into view, adjacent to the property... A modern clinic. Suspended between two entry-way pillars, welcome arch: “Harbor Neuroscience Institute.” AUTISTIC BOY’S DAD (V.O.) We thought... we hoped he’d catch back up, but... He didn’t.
109) 0) text: Sun streams in floor-to-ceiling windows... warm, inviting Alone, a 6-YEAR-OLD BOY plays with toys on a carpeted flo
111) 0) text: A crowded cubicle-farm of temps, accountants, admins. Dana sits at her desk, studying a ledger on her monitor. tilts her head away from the screen, daydreams.
112) 0) text: Dana stands, stares at the empty spot where the Airstream once parked. 116. INT. DANA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY - NIGHT Dana, in a business suit, tired, slides a key in her apartment lock. A shadow falls across the door. She whirl around, frightened... the Fed-Ex guy. Fed Ex holds his palms up, whoa. He hands her a rectangul CARDBOARD BOX, size of a flat screen TV but much lighter. She takes it, no return address. INT. DANA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Dana sits on a love seat, reaches into the Fed-Ex box, pulls... a frame, followed by Dogs Playing Poker. INT. DANA’S APARTMENT-BEDROOM - NIGHT Dana finishes nailing a picture hanger into the wall. She hangs Dogs on the hook, straightens it. She steps back to gauge her work. She LAUGHS, remembering Her laughter fades, in her eyes a touch of sadness. An imperfection catches her eye, a small bubble in an upper corner. She fingers the bubble, something beneath. She picks at a tiny flap of paper, inspects... FREEZES. She slowly tears the print the length of the frame. Dana shocked. She stares at the half-revealed Pollock hanging on her wall. Nervous, she moves to the window, gr the shade pull, hesitates. She looks out the window, GRIN
115) 0) text: The SUV trailers the Airstream down a steep grade, the picturesque town of Durango nestled at the base of the pa The road curves, the SUV and Airstream follow the switchb behind the mountain, disappear. FADE OUT.