8) 1) dialog: I know people think farmers make all sorts of money, what with food prices so high. But between insurance, fertilizer costs... A nameplate reads “Christian Wolff, CPA.” White shirt, tie, pocket protector, glasses -- CHRIS WOLF 30, handsome, sits at a desk, rocking slightly; he fixate the tax forms scrolling down a CRT monitor. Across from him sit FRANK and DOLORES RICE, 60s, sun- weathered Midwesterners. The Rices worry. Dolores chances a quick look at her frustrated husband.
8) 2) dialog: Ah, the hell with it. He works the Dekalb hat in his calloused hands. Dolores looks at Chris, a plea in her eyes. Chris averts eye contact.
8) 16) dialog: (simultaneously; confused) What?
8) 19) dialog: At least two-- Chris SHAKES HIS HEAD, stares at his desktop.
8) 20) dialog: Three hundred square feet! Chris settles, adjusts his glasses.
11) 1) dialog: I meant what I said, you’re welcome out to the place anytime. You fish any? We got a two-acre pond thick with bass and catfish.
11) 3) dialog: (surprised) Hell, farm’s a perfect spot if you want to do a little plinkin’. Frank extends a hand which Chris one-pumps, releases.
11) 4) dialog: Take care, son. Chris produces a smile, weak but sincere. They nod to the receptionist and leave. Chris closes the door, watches the couple through the sidelight.
16) 1) dialog: (chuckles) Somebody’s seen too many westerns.
16) 3) dialog: He must be... what? A mile out? Not on my best day c-- The CANTALOUPE SILENTLY VAPORIZES IN A YELLOW MIST. Three seconds later, a distant ECHOING CRACK.
18) 0) text: BINOCULAR LENS POV -- The last canteloupe EXPLODES. A mile of farmland blurs by as the lens searches, focuses Chris stands at the edge of the timber, gun in hand, star at the lens. He raises a hand “good-bye”, turns. At a window, Frank lowers binoculars from stunned eyes.
56) 0) text: A helpless Frank watches his wife out the open door.
58) 0) text: Thug 1 reels, chair falling. He pulls his pistol, angry, scared, confused. He levels the gun at a ducking Frank.
58) 1) dialog: Please! Don’t...
60) 2) dialog: Stop it! Leave her be. The gunman jams a hand into his pocket rips out car keys. drags her to the open door, peers out at his sedan. 65.