31) 0) text: Chris looks through one-way glass as a WHITE-COATED DOCTO works on one of two prosthetic arms on a seated shirtless (and armless) MAN, 20s. The prosthetic is Terminator-high-tech. Chris turns as LAMAR BLACK, 60s, enters the viewing room. Lamar, in khaki pants, plaid shirt, oozes decency, warmth Lamar stands next to Chris, watches the lab. The doctor removes one arm and walks to a side bench. The patient looks off-balance without the arm, incomplete. 28.
31) 1) dialog: What do you think that young man is thinking right now? Chris watches the man sit on his stool, stare into space.
31) 2) dialog: Why do I still feel my arm? How did everything go so wrong so fast? (sympathetic beat) Where did I go? Silence as the two study the man.
31) 4) dialog: Christian Wolff, I presume.
31) 6) dialog: Lamar.
32) 0) text: Techs manipulate robotic arms, legs, joints. A prosthetic armed patient picks coins off a table with robotic finger Chris and Lamar walk and talk.
32) 1) dialog: Are you aware of Creative’s three income streams, Chris?
32) 3) dialog: (smiles ) Do you know why the prosthetics division is increasing?
32) 6) dialog: You’re unusually well informed. Chris blinks at Lamar, doesn’t respond to the compliment.
32) 7) dialog: I never married. Never had kids. This company is my child. I was blessed to have a sister ina position to provide start-up capital, but money has never been my motivation. I’m not a religious man, Chris, but I can see the hand of God in what we do. We have a social purpose. Whatever you need to do your job, you let me know.
47) 7) dialog: Why do you do this, son? Chris turns. Lamar stands watching him, his eyes red, puf
47) 9) dialog: Little doubt about that. He pulls a check from his shirt pocket.
47) 10) dialog: The balance of your contract. He sets it on the table, rubs his eyes, anxiety building.
47) 12) dialog: Very sad--
47) 14) dialog: Ed was a diabetic for the last thirty years. You think he didn’t know how to check his own blood sugar? No, whatever unresolved issues remain, my friend was poisoned enough by them to kill himself. As far as I’m concerned whatever he did is forgiven. He extends a hand. Chris looks at it, accepts, then grips Lamar’s forearm with his free hand, forces eye contact.
47) 17) dialog: Come in, dear. We’re finished. He removes himself from Chris’ hold, moves to the door.
47) 18) dialog: (sympathetic smile) Mr. Wolff, you’re very good. But, I hope our paths don’t cross again. Lamar leaves, pausing to squeeze Dana’s shoulder. 56.
80) 2) dialog: (into phone; avuncular) Yes, hello?
91) 0) text: Soaring vaulted cathedral ceilings, floor to ceiling wind MERC LEADER grins, glances at an anxious Lamar staring ou picture window. Four other MERCS lounge on furniture, loa clips, work slides on suppressor-equipped pistols.
91) 3) dialog: He’s only an accountant. You should be watching his home.
91) 5) dialog: He’s a number-cruncher! He turns back to the window, regretful, frustrated.
91) 6) dialog: I could see it in his eyes. The freak wasn’t going to let it go. Brax tenses at “freak”, turns the music off. 96. INT. CHRIS’ RANCH HOME - LIVING ROOM - DAY A frustrated Marybeth leans against the couch, thinking.
102) 0) text: Chris lies on his stomach, comm-link in his ear, scopes Lamar’s home with a rifle identical to Sniper 1’s.
103) 0) text: Lamar, frightened, stares at the closed door, backs into center of the room.
103) 1) dialog: What? What’s happening? Brax sits on the edge of a bed, pistol in hand, detached.
105) 0) text: A horrified Lamar listens to the relentless MUFFLED GUNFI nears the still seated Brax.
105) 1) dialog: What's happening? SAY SOMETHING! Brax slowly looks up.
106) 18) dialog: Shoot him. Lamar skirts the edge of the room, angry with fear. Merc 1 approaches a motionless bloody Chris, stands over
106) 19) dialog: 
106) 23) dialog: Rita held her nickels and dimes over my head since the day Creative was born! Always carping about a “return on her investment.” (persuading) I’m taking Creative public. My shares will be worth roughly one billion dollars. A billion dollars, Mr. Wolff, that I decide how best to use. Neuro- prosthetics, nanotechnology... limbs, eyes, ears only better than the ones God gave us!
106) 28) dialog: (sotto) He’s just an accountant. Chris and Brax half-turn, pistols raised, simultaneously shoot. Head and chest shot, Lamar drops. Slowly the two continue across the great room. Through th windows, police lights twinkle along the distant shorelin