26) 2) dialog: (annoyed; hard) Deep breath, Ed. Companies hire outside auditors every day.
28) 1) dialog: Apparently, the kind who produces results.
29) 0) text: RITA BLACK, 60s, handsome and EDWIN “ED” CHILTON, 60s, la no smile, sit together, face Chris across a large table.
29) 1) dialog: No C.V.? Project list?
29) 3) dialog: Client list?
29) 17) dialog: Never hurts to be sure. She traps Ed with a confrontational look.
29) 25) dialog: You charge a retainer of one hundred thousand plus two and a half percent of all tracked funds? Chris maintains eye contact, nods.
29) 29) dialog: Unusual way of making contact with you, Mr. Wolff. He blinks at her, not reacting to her tone.
29) 30) dialog: I.T. tells me the address was probably routed through Moscow. She studies him. Nothing. Considers her words. 26. 27.
29) 31) dialog: We custom made prosthetics for Mr. Haradinaj’s youngest daughter. Maybe you’re aware -- she lost both legs to a car bomb in Kosovo. He told my brother you were nothing short of supernatural. His word. (meaningful beat) Tell me, what type of accounting does one do for a former KLA warlord wanted by The Hague? Silence. The question hangs. Chris looks away, then back.
42) 54) dialog: (sharp) Cummings. Rita in the room, staring at the boards, taken aback.
42) 55) dialog: I believe you’re needed in whatever area I’m paying you to be needed in. Dana checks Chris with an embarrassed glance, heads for t door, giving Rita an apologetic smile on the way out. Rita slowly approaches the boards, looks at Chris.
42) 56) dialog: And? Chris points to circled figures, quickly adding in his he
42) 59) dialog: Your best guess?
42) 61) dialog: And?
42) 63) dialog: You’1l have a report for me? He looks at her, away, then back, nods. INT. ED CHILTON’S HOME - BEDROOM - NIGHT Dark. Ed, pajamas and bed-head, shuffles across the large room. In bed, his wife sleeps.
70) 0) text: Chris motors, Dana following, crowding. His irritation me redlining, he rubs his head with his free hand.
80) 0) text: Rita thunders down the darkened hallway, gun in hand.
80) 1) dialog: (loud; grins) Please, God, let somebody be in my apartment that doesn’t belo-- PHHT! A silenced round slams into her forehead. She drops In the darkness, a mobile phone lights up as it’s flipped open. The owner brings it to his ear. BRAX. INT. LAMAR’S HOME - KITCHEN Lamar sits at a granite counter, humming, typing on a_ la interfaced with a PROSTHETIC HAND. A finger twitches-- His mobile RINGS.
81) 0) text: Chris stands on the curb ready to cross the street. He se a man exit the Towers, walking fast, staying in the shado Possible recognition plays across Chris’ face. Chris paces the man on the opposite side of the four lane street. Traffic passes between them. On the other side, Brax walks, his peripheral vision catc Chris’ figure on the opposite sidewalk, behind parked car 87. Brax stops. Chris stops. Brax resumes his pace, grins to himself. PHHT! PHHT! -- snaps off two NO-LOOK rounds across the street. A car win shatters. ALARM sounds. He looks... Chris is gone. Brax pauses, impressed with the vanishing act. INT. RITA’S APARTMENT - HALLWAY - NIGHT Dark. Rita’s lifeless body lies on the floor, eyes open, dime-size hole in the forehead. Chris squats next to her, forearms on his legs, gun held between his knees. He blinks back eye contact as he close her lids with a gloved hand.