8) 86) dialog: So what do you think would explain what you've been experiencing Mr Wegener?
8) 90) dialog: Well, there are people who think that I’m insane. But I think you’re probably right. Einar’s amazed. Warnekros breathes, begins: WARNEKROS (cont'd) I’ve met another man like you. Einar grasps Gerda’s hand, filled with hope... WARNEKROS (cont'd) I pursued his case - against the wishes of my colleagues, of course. Warnekros considers a moment, then: WARNEKROS (cont'd) I told him I could operate. To make him fully a woman.
8) 96) dialog: It never took place. On the morning of the first operation, he ran away. He was too frightened.
8) 98) dialog: Perhaps he was the smart one. The surgery has never been attempted before. Gerda tries to get a grip on things:
8) 100) dialog: Two operations... The first to remove the male parts entirely. The second - once you were strong again - to construct a vagina. Gerda looks to Einar - Einar’s rapt. WARNEKROS (cont'd) An irreversible change, and a high risk of failure, of infection, complications. Warnekros’s hand waves through the air, suggesting the worst...
8) 103) dialog: I leave for Dresden at lunchtime tomorrow. He warns them, an unmistakably serious tone: WARNEKROS (cont'd) Mrs Wegener, I do believe I can help your husband. But he won’t be your husband when I’ve finished. 26/11/15
8) 134) dialog: It’s only a week, We need you to rest and gain some weight. We can’t risk an infection. Professor Warnekros rises, rests his hands on Lili’s shoulders, paternal. Lili pats his hand, tender, submissi WARNEKROS (cont'd) For what I’m attempting, you’ll need to be strong.
8) 163) dialog: She only regained consciousness very briefly. We’re having to give her a great deal of morphine, of course, so that’s to be expected. As they reach Lili’s room, a CRY fills Gerda with fear. (CONTINUED)
9) 20) dialog: This will be harder than the last operation? You understand that.
9) 22) dialog: It’s complex surgery.
9) 26) dialog: Yes you will, but...
9) 28) dialog: One step at a time. He gets up. WARNEKROS (cont'd) Get some rest, now. Goodnight. He smiles, goes to the door. Gerda’s waiting outside. The cross in the doorway, polite but not warm. Lili smiles, seeing Gerda. Gerda sits on the bed.
10) 1) dialog: Good luck, everybody. Lili anaesthetised. We stay on her face, hear voices, the clank of instruments. Rain beginning... the sound of it increasingly intense as the wind comes up too... INT. WARNEKROS’S CLINIC, RECEPTION, NEXT MORNING Morning light streams in, harsh, unforgiving. Hans holds door for Gerda. She’s barely inside when the Receptionist jumps urgently to her feet.
10) 3) dialog: She lost a lot of blood. Now we’re struggling to keep the fever down. There’s a chance it will burn itself out, but... (CONTINUED)