22) 0) text: Salieri enters the room and looks about him cautiously. H is salivating with anticipation as he stares at the feast sweet things. His attention is attracted in particular by huge pile of dark chocolate balls arranged in the shape o pineapple. He reaches out a hand to steal one of the ball but at the same moment he hears giggling coming toward hi He ducks down behind the pastry table. A girl - CONSTANZE - rushes into the room. She runs strai across it and hides herself behind one of the tables. After a beat of total silence, MOZART runs into the room, stops, and looks around. He is age twenty-six, wearing a  fine wig and a brilliant coat with the insignia of the  Archbishop of Salzburg upon it. He is puzzled; Constanze disappeared. Baffled, he turns and is about to leave the room, when  Constanze suddenly squeaks from under the cloth like a ti mouse. Instantly Mozart drops to all fours and starts cra across the floor, meowing and hissing like a naughty cat. Watched by an astonished Salieri, Mozart disappears under the cloth and obviously pounces upon Constanze. We hear a high-pitched giggle, which is going to characterize Mozar throughout the film.
26) 0) text: Mozart is on his knees before the tablecloth, which reach to the floor. Under it is Constanze. We hear her giggling he talks.
26) 3) dialog: Stop it. Stop it!
26) 5) dialog: Stop it!
26) 8) dialog: No! No! No!
26) 10) dialog: Where?
26) 12) dialog: Fartsbishop!
26) 14) dialog: Your Grace, I've got something to  tell you. I want to complain about  this man.
26) 16) dialog: Why not?
26) 18) dialog: That's stupid.
26) 20) dialog: Do you think that's funny?
26) 23) dialog: Oh, ha, ha, ha.
26) 25) dialog: Yes, you are. You're very sick.
26) 27) dialog: (working it out) Sra-I'm-sick. Sick - kiss I'm - my  Kiss my! Sra-I'm-sick - Kiss my arse!
26) 29) dialog: No, I'm not playing this game.
26) 31) dialog: No!
26) 33) dialog: Iram - marry Em - marry me! No, no!   You're a fiend. I'm not going to  marry a fiend. A dirty fiend at that.
26) 35) dialog: Tub - but i-tub - but I vol - love  but I love ui - You. I love you!
26) 38) dialog: What?
26) 40) dialog: Eat
26) 42) dialog: Eat my - ah!
28) 0) text: The opening of the Serenade is being tentatively conducte by the leader of the wind-musicians. Guests turn around a Mozart appears - bowing to the Archbishop - and walks wit an attempt at dignity to the dais where the wind band is  playing. The leader yields his place to the composer and  Mozart smoothly takes over conducting. Constanze, deeply embarrassed, sneaks into the room and s herself at the back.
33) 0) text: A group of people who have attended the concert, among th Constanze, are standing outside the private apartment. At sight of the composer they break into sustained applause. Mozart is suddenly delighted. He throws the door wide ope so that the guests can see into the private apartment whe the Archbishop sits - and he can see them. Colloredo is  clearly discomfited by this reception of his employee. He smiles and bows uneasily, as they include him in the smal ovation. Mozart stands in the corridor, out of the Archbishop's li of sight, bowing and giggling, and encouraging the applau for the Archbishop with conducting gestures. Suddenly  irritated, Colloredo signs to Arco, who steps forward and shuts the door, ending the applause.
44) 0) text: The heroine of the opera (Cavalieri) is in full cry addre the Pasha with scorn and defiance. The house is full. Watching the performance - which is  conducted by Mozart from the clavier in the midst of the  orchestra - we note Von Strack, Orsini-Rosenberg, Bonno a Von Swieten, all grouped around the Emperor, in a box. In another box we see an overdressed, middle-aged woman a three girls, one of whom is Constanze. This is the formid MADAME WEBER and her three daughters, Constanze, JOSEFA a SOPHIE. All are enraptured by the spectacle and Madame We is especially enraptured by being there at all. Not so,  Salieri, who sits in another box, coldly watching the sta Cavalieri is singing Martern aller Arten from the line Do du bist entschlossen.
48) 6) dialog: Mother, please!
49) 29) text: Constanze curtsies. CU, of Cavalieri, astonished at the n CU, of Salieri, watching her receive it.
49) 42) dialog: (to Mozart) Get some water!
51) 0) text: Constanze and Mozart make their way quickly through a cro of actors in turbans and caftans, and stagehands carrying bits of the dismantled set of Seraglio. We see all the tu of backstage after a performance. A fireman passes Mozart carrying a small bucket of water. Mozart snatches it from him and pushes his way through th crowd to Madame Weber, who still lies prone on the stage. Mozart pushes through the crowd surrounding her and throw water on her face. She is instantly revived by the shock. Constanze assists her to rise.
51) 1) dialog: Are you all right?
52) 27) text: The door opens. Constanze enters.
52) 28) dialog: Excuse me, Wolfi. Mama is not feeling  very well. Can we leave now?
52) 32) text: Mozart hurries Constanze out of the door. Cavalieri looks after them as they go, her voice breaking and rising out control.
56) 3) text: The camera pulls back to see that he is in fact kneeling  beside Constanze. A PRIEST faces them. Behind them are Ma Weber, Josefa and Sophie Weber, and a very few others. Am them, a merry looking lady in bright clothes: the BARONES WALDSTADTEN.
56) 5) dialog: I will.
56) 7) text: The opening kyrie of the great Mass in C Minor is heard. Mozart and Constanze kiss. They are in tears. Madame Webe and her daughters look on approvingly. The music swells a continues under the following:
60) 0) text: The room is very small and untidy. Constanze is marching and down it, upset. Mozart is lying on the bed.
60) 1) dialog: I think you're mad! You're really  mad!
60) 3) dialog: One royal pupil and the whole of  Vienna will come flocking. We'd be  set up for life!
60) 5) dialog: No, they will not. I know how things  work in this city.
60) 7) dialog: Well, I'm not borrowing any more  money from my mother, and that's  that!
60) 9) dialog: Yes!
60) 11) dialog: How are we going to live, Wolfi? Do  you want me to go into the streets  and beg?
60) 13) dialog: All they want to see is your work.   What's wrong with that?
60) 15) dialog: This isn't pride. It's sheer  stupidity!
62) 0) text: Constanze stands, closely veiled, holding a portfolio stu with manuscripts. The singing lesson ends, with two chord on the instrument. Salieri enters the salon. Constanze dr him a shy curtsey.
62) 1) dialog: Excellency!
62) 5) dialog: That's right, Your Excellency. I've  come on behalf of my hus band. I'm -  I'm bringing some samples of his  work so he can be considered for the  royal appointment.
62) 7) dialog: He's terribly busy, sir.
62) 11) dialog: Would it be too much trouble, sir,  to ask you to look at them now?   While I wait.
62) 13) dialog: I - I really cannot do that, Your  Excellency. You see, he doesn't know  I'm here.
62) 15) dialog: My husband is a proud man, sir. He  would be furious if he knew I'd come.
62) 17) dialog: No, sir. This is my own idea.
62) 19) dialog: Sir, we really need this job. We're  desperate. My husband spends far  more than he can ever earn. I don't  mean he's lazy - he's not at all -  he works all day long. It's just!  he's not practical. Money simply  slips through his fingers, it's really  ridiculous, Your Excellency. I know  you help musicians. You're famous  for it. Give him just this one post.   We'd be forever indebted!
62) 25) dialog: Oh! They're wonderful.
62) 27) dialog: Thank you very much, Your Excellency.
62) 31) dialog: That's very tempting, but it's  impossible, I'm afraid. Wolfi would  be frantic if he found those were  missing. You see, they're all  originals.
62) 33) dialog: Yes.
62) 36) dialog: Yes, sir. He doesn't make copies.
64) 2) text: The music swells. What we now hear is an amazing collage great passages from Mozart's music, ravishing to Salieri to us. The Court Composer, oblivious to Constanze, who si happily chewing chestnuts, her mouth covered in sugar, wa around and around his salon, reading the pages and droppi them on the floor when he is done with them. We see his  agonized and wondering face: he shudders as if in a rough and tumbling sea; he experiences the point where beauty a great pain coalesce. More pages fall than he can read,  scattering across the floor in a white cascade, as he cir the room. Finally, we hear the tremendous Qui Tollis from the Mass C Minor. It seems to break over him like a wave and, unab to bear any more of it, he slams the portfolio shut.  Instantly, the music breaks off, reverberating in his hea He stands shaking, staring wildly. Constanze gets up,  perplexed.
64) 3) dialog: Is it no good?
64) 6) dialog: Oh yes. He's really proud of his  work.
64) 8) dialog: So, will you help him?
64) 11) dialog: Oh, thank you, sir!
64) 14) dialog: Tonight?
64) 16) dialog: What for?
64) 18) dialog: What do you mean?
64) 20) text: They stare at one another: Constanze in total disbelief.
64) 22) dialog: But! I'm a married woman!
64) 26) text: He rings a silver bell for a servant and abruptly leaves roam. Constanze stares after him, horrified. The servant enters. Shocked and stunned, Constanze goes d an her knees and starts picking up the music from the flo
68) 0) text: Constanze is sitting on an upright chair, veiled as befor the portfolio of music on her lap. Through the far door  leading from the hall, another servant is peering at her. The first servant joins him and shuts the door on the gir leaving her alone. We stay with her. The clock ticks on the mantelpiece. We  hear an old carriage pass in the street below. Nervously lifts her veil and looks about her. Suddenly Salieri appears from the music room. He is pale very tight. They regard each other. She smiles and rises greet him, affecting a relaxed and warm manner, as if to him at his ease.
68) 1) dialog: Well, I'm here. My husband has gone  to a concert. He didn't think I would  enjoy it.
68) 3) dialog: I do apologize for this afternoon.   I behaved like a silly girl. Where  shall we go?
68) 5) dialog: Should we stay here? It's a charming  room. I love these candlesticks.  Were they here earlier? I didn't  notice them I suppose I was too  nervous.
68) 7) dialog: Wolfgang was given some candlesticks  by King George in England, but they  were only wood. Oh, excuse me. Let's  not talk about him. What do you think  of this? It's real lace. Brussels.
68) 9) dialog: Well, it's much too good for every  day. I keep saying to Wolfi, don't  be so extravagant. Presents are  lovely, but we can't afford them.   It doesn't do any good. The more I  tell him, the more he spends. Oh,  excuse me! There I go again.
68) 11) dialog: Do you still want to look at this?  Or don't we need to bother anymore?   I imagine we don't, really.
68) 12) text: She looks at him inquiringly, and drops the portfolio on floor; pages of music pour out of it. Instantly we hear a massive chord, and the great Qui Tollis from the Mass in Minor fills the room. To its grand and weighty sound,  Constanze starts to undress, watched by the horrified Sal Between him and her, music is an active presence, hurting and baffling him. He opens his mouth in distress. The mus pounds in his head. The candle flickers over her as she  removes her clothes and prepares for his embrace. Suddenl he cries out.
68) 14) text: He snatches up the bell and shakes it frantically, not  stopping until the two servants we saw earlier appear at door. The music stops abruptly. They stare at the appalle and frightened Constanze, who is desperately trying to co her nakedness.
68) 16) text: Constanze hurls herself at him.
68) 17) dialog: You shit! You shit! You rotten shit!
68) 18) text: He seizes her wrists and thrusts her back. Then he leaves the room quickly, slamming the door behind him. Constanze turns and sees the two servants goggling at her in the ro
68) 19) dialog: What are you staring at?
73) 0) text: Constanze lies in bed, her back turned to her husband, wh comes into the room and shuts the door.
73) 8) dialog: Tell them to go away. I don't want  to see anybody.
73) 10) dialog: Tell them to go!
73) 12) dialog: No!
73) 14) dialog: I love you! I love you!
73) 16) dialog: I love you. Please stay with me. I'm  frightened.
81) 13) text: He carries the bag across the room and opens the door of bedroom. Constanze lies in bed. She sits up, startled.
81) 15) text: Constanze, who looks ill and tired, stares at Leopold.   Leopold stares back from the doorway.
81) 42) text: Constanze comes into the room. She is wearing a dressing  gown and has made a perfunctory attempt to tidy her hair. We see that she is clearly pregnant.
81) 44) dialog: Stop it, Wolfi. I look dreadful.   Welcome to our house, Herr Mozart.
81) 47) dialog: Oh, yes.
81) 49) dialog: In three months! Papa.
81) 54) dialog: May I offer you some tea, Herr Mozart?
81) 56) dialog: Wolfi!
81) 58) dialog: Wolfi, I think your father's tired.   I'll cook us something here.
82) 0) text: Mozart and Constanze with Leopold between them. We see co shopping.
83) 0) text: This is a shop where one can buy costumes for masquerades It is filled with extravagant costumes of various kinds. Wolfgang is wearing a costume, a mask pushed up on his  forehead; Constanze is wearing a little white velvet mask Amidst the merriment, Leopold is helped by two assistants put on a dark grey cloak and a dark grey tricorne hat, to which is attached a full mask of dark grey. Its mouth is into a fixed upward smile. He turns and looks at his son through this mask.
84) 0) text: We are in the full whirl of a Masquerade Ball. Couples ar dancing around dressed in fantastic costumes. The music o Ich Mochte Wohl Der Kaiser sein increases in volume and  persists. We see the musicians thumping it out on a balus above the dancers. A steer is being roasted. Through the  bobbing crowd we see a group, headed by the figure of Bac this is Schikaneder in a Greek costume, wearing vine leav in his hair. He is accompanied by his usual trio of actre and three other men. Constanze as Columbine and Mozart as Harlequin are pulling Leopold by the hand of his dark clo and smiling mask. This whole group threads its way across the crowded room and disappears through a door. As they g they are watched by Salieri, standing alone in a corner,  wearing ordinary evening clothes. He turns away hastily t avoid being seen by them. As soon as they disappear into the far room, Salieri goes quickly to a lady in the corner who is giving guests domi masks off a tray. He quickly takes a small black mask and puts it on.
85) 0) text: A fantastic room designed as a rocky grotto, lit by candl A forte-piano to one side is being played by Schikaneder: the music of Ich Mochte Wohl Der Kaiser sein cross-fades another tune.  This is Vivat Bacchus from Il Seraglio whi Schikaneder, dressed as Bacchus, is humming as he plays. music is actually accompanying a game of Forfeits, which begun. Five couples (the group we have just seen) are dan in the middle of a ring made by nine chairs. When the mus stops they will each have to find a chair, and the one wh fails must pay a forfeit. Constanze is dancing with Leopold; Mozart is dancing with one of the actresses; the two other actresses are dancing with two other gentlemen; and two children dance together a little boy and a little girl. The scene is watched by a circle of bystanders; among them - from the doorway - is  Salieri. Schikaneder stops playing. Immediately the couples scramb for the chairs. Leopold and Constanze meet on the same ch bumping and pushing at each other to get sole possession it. To the amusement of the people around, the chair over balances and they both end up on the floor. Constanze  immediately gets up again, sets the chair on its feet, an tries to pretend she was sitting in it all the time. But  Schikaneder calls out from the forte-piano.
85) 2) text: People are delighted by the idea of this penalty. The chi jump up and down with excitement. The three actresses  immediately surround Leopold, reaching for his hat and ma and wig, whilst he tries to hold on to them. Mozart takes off Constanze's wig - an absurd affair with side-curls.  Constanze laughingly surrenders it.
85) 4) text: Despite his protests an actress takes off his hat, to whi the smiling mask is attached, to reveal his outraged face showing a very different expression underneath. Another  actress snatches off his wig to reveal very sparse hair o the old man's head. The third actress takes Constanze's w from Mozart and attempts to put it on his father's head.
85) 7) text: Constanze echoes him with a touch of malice in her voice.
85) 8) dialog: This is just a game, Papa!
85) 11) text: As Leopold glares furiously about him, the actress succee in getting Constanze's wig firmly onto his head. Everybod bursts into applause. Delightedly, Constanze puts on Leop wig, hat and mask: from the waist up she now looks like a weird parody of Leopold in the smiling grey mask, and he  looks like a weird parody of her in the silly feminine wi Schikaneder starts to play again, and the couples start t dance. Leopold angrily takes off Constanze's wig and leav the circle; his partner, Constanze, is left alone. Seeing this, Mozart leaves his partner and catches his father  entreatingly by the arm.
85) 13) text: He takes off his own wig and puts it on Leopold's uncover head. The effect, if not as ridiculous, is still somewhat bizarre, since Wolfgang favours fairly elaborate wigs. He takes Constanze's wig from his father. As this happens, t music stops again. Mozart gently pushes his father down o a nearby chair; the others scramble for the other chairs; and he is left as the Odd Man Out. He giggles. Schikanede calls out to Leopold from the keyboard.
85) 30) text: Renewed applause at this wicked extra penalty. Mozart smi at Schikaneder - it is the sort of challenge he loves. He defiantly puts on Constanze's wig and seats himself with back to the keyboard. Before the astonished eyes of the  company he proceeds to execute this absurdly difficult ta His right hand plays the bass part, his left hand the tre and with this added difficulty he improvises a brilliant  fugue on the subject of the tune to which they have been  dancing. Attracted by this astonishing feat, the players draw near to the instrument. So does Salieri, cautiously, with some the bystanders. Constanze watches him approach. Only Leop sits by himself, sulking. The fugue ends amidst terrific clapping. The guests call to Mozart.
85) 34) dialog: Salieri! Do Salieri!
85) 37) text: Giggling, he turns around and sits at the keyboard. Then, watched by a highly amused group, he begins a wicked paro He furrows his brow in mock concentration and closes his  eyes. Then he begins to play the tune to which they dance in the most obvious way imaginable, relying heavily on a  totally and offensively unimaginative bass of tonic and  dominant, endlessly repeated. The music is the very essen of banality. The bystanders rock with laughter. Mozart st to giggle wildly. Through this excruciating scene, Salier stares at Constanze, who suddenly turns her head and look challengingly back at him. Mozart's parody reaches its coarse climax with him adding fart noise instead of notes to end cadences. He builds th up, urged on in his clowning by everyone else, until sudd he stops and cries out. The laughter cuts off. Mozart sta up, clutching his behind as if he has made a mess in his  breeches. The momentary hush of alarm is followed by a ho of laughter. CU, Salieri staring in pain.
87) 0) text: A repetition of the shot of Mozart at the forte-piano, we Constanze's wig and emitting a shrill giggle.
89) 1) dialog: (outside the door) Wolfi! Wolfgang!
89) 5) dialog: There's a young girl to see you.
89) 7) dialog: I don't know.
89) 9) dialog: She won't talk to me. She says she  has to speak to you.
90) 7) dialog: What do you mean? What admirer?
90) 21) dialog: What is ridiculous? Wolfi has many  admirers in Vienna. They love him  here. People send us gifts all the  time.
90) 23) dialog: Well, this is none of your business. (to Lorl) Whoever sent you is going to pay,  no?
90) 26) text: Constanze looks furiously at him, then at Lorl.
90) 27) dialog: Who is we? Who is letting who? (to Lorl) Could you please wait outside?
90) 29) text: Lorl goes outside and closes the door. Constanze turns on Leopold.
90) 30) dialog: Look, old man, you stay out of this.   We spend a fortune on you, more than  we can possibly afford, and all you  do is criticize, morning to night.  And then you think you can -
90) 32) dialog: No, it's right he should hear. I'm  sick to death of it. We can't do  anything right for you, can we?
90) 38) dialog: And so you do! The only time you  come out is to eat.
90) 40) dialog: Oh, now I'm a bad housekeeper!
90) 42) dialog: (to Mozart) Do you hear him? Do you?
90) 44) dialog: (to Lorl) When can you start?
90) 46) dialog: Good! Come in. You'll start with  that room there. (indicating Leopold's  room) It's filthy!
93) 0) text: The final movement of Mozart's Piano Concerto in E-flat ( 482) begins. To its lively music, the door of the house b open and a grand forte-piano augmented with a pedal is ca out of it by six men, who run off with it down the street Following them immediately appear Wolfgang, Constanze and Leopold, all three dressed for an occasion. They climb in a waiting carriage which drives off after the forte-piano As soon as it goes, Lorl appears in the doorway, peering  slyly around to see that they are out of sight. Then she  shuts the door and hurries off in the opposite direction.
94) 0) text: An outdoor concert is being given. Mozart is actually pla the final movement of his E-flat concerto with an orchest Listening to him is a sizable audience, including the Emp flanked by Strack and Von Swieten. The crowd is in a happy and appreciative mood: it is a  delightful open-air scene. We hear the gayest and most co passage. Leopold and Constanze listen to Mozart, who play his own work brilliantly. We stay with this scene for a l while and then
100) 12) text: Constanze curtsies.
122) 4) dialog: (standing up) Wolfi.
122) 6) dialog: These gentlemen are from Salzburg.
122) 8) dialog: Wolfi! Your father is dead.
122) 10) dialog: Your father is dead.
128) 0) text: Noise; smoke; the audience is sitting at tables for an ev of vaudeville. Mozart, Constanze and their son Karl, now  about two years old, and sitting on his mother's lap, are watching a parody scene by Schikaneder's troupe. They are rowdy, bawdy and silly, incorporating motifs, situations tunes from Mozart's operas which we have seen and heard.  Before them on the table are bottles of wine and beer, pl of sausages, etc.
128) 89) text: Mozart is smiling; he has been amused. Constanze has been less amused and is looking apprehensive.
128) 105) dialog: How much will you pay him?
128) 108) dialog: I'm talking about now. How much will  you give him now? Down payment?
128) 113) dialog: You're not going to do this?
128) 115) dialog: When? We need money now. Either he  pays now, or you don't do it.
128) 117) dialog: I don't trust this man. And I didn't  like what he did with your opera.   It was common.
128) 119) dialog: Half the house! You'll never see a  penny. I want it here, in my hand.
128) 121) dialog: Shut up! I'll not let you put anything  in my hand until I see some money.
131) 0) text: This is exactly the same shop which Mozart and Constanze  visited with Leopold. Now Salieri's servant stands in it, waiting. We see a few other customers being served by the staff: renting masks, costumes, etc. One of the staff eme from the back of the shop carrying a large box, which he  hands to Salieri's servant. The servant leaves the shop. Through the window we see him hurrying away through the s street full of passers-by, carriages, etc.
134) 16) text: He turns away. Mozart closes the front door. Instantly we hear the opening of the Requiem Mass (also in D Minor).   Mozart turns and looks up at the portrait of his father o the wall. The portrait stares back. Constanze opens the d from the bedroom. She sees him staring up.
134) 17) dialog: Wolfi? Wolfi!
134) 19) dialog: Who was that?
134) 21) dialog: I heard voices.
134) 23) dialog: What's the matter?
134) 25) dialog: What's that? Oh! (pouncing on it) Who gave you this? How much is it?  Wolfi, who gave you this?
134) 27) dialog: Why not?
136) 0) text: Mozart sits working frantically at this demonic music. Hi whole expression is one of wildness and engulfing fever. pours wine down his throat, spilling it, and grimaces as hits his stomach. All around him are manuscripts. There is a banging at the front door. Mozart does not hea it; the music raves on. Another knocking comes, louder.  Constanze appears from the bedroom and stares at her  distracted husband. The knocking is repeated again, even  more violently and insistently.
136) 1) dialog: Wolfi. Wolfi!
136) 2) text: He looks at her. The music breaks off. Silence. An enormo bang at the door startles him. Constanze moves to open it.
136) 4) dialog: Why?
136) 7) text: He runs out of he room, into his workroom, and shuts he d Now a little scared herself, Constanze goes to he front d and opens it cautiously. Schikaneder stands there, florid dressed as usual. Lorl is seen peeking out from the kitch
136) 9) dialog: Not at all.
136) 11) dialog: He's not in. But he's working on it.  He said to tell you.
136) 41) dialog: Leave him alone!
136) 43) dialog: He's doing his best.
136) 45) dialog: You know what's ridiculous? Your  libretto, that's what's ridiculous.   Only an idiot would ask Wolfi to  work on that stuff!
136) 47) dialog: Money! Money!
136) 49) dialog: Oh yes, and who are you? He's worked  for Kings. For the Emperor. (shouting) Who are you?
139) 0) text: We watch him stand beside Constanze, who lies asleep. Moz now looks very ill; his wife appears worn out. Tenderly h touches her hair. Then he moves to the cot where his son  Karl lies asleep and kneels, pulls up the child's little  blanket and for a moment lays his own head down beside th boy's. Constanze opens her eyes and stares at him. Mozart rises and returns to:
140) 4) text: He turns and looks. Constanze has come into the living ro Nervously, Mozart indicates her.
140) 6) dialog: Oh yes, sir. He's all right. And  he's working on it very hard.
140) 11) dialog: Wolfi, I think you really are going  mad. You work like a slave for that  idiot actor who won't give you a  penny and here. This is not a ghost!   This is a real man who puts down  real money. Why on earth don't you  finish it?
140) 13) dialog: Give me one reason I can understand.
140) 15) dialog: Why not?
140) 18) dialog: No, this is really awful. You're  drunk, aren't you? Be honest - tell  me - you've been drinking. And I'm  so stupid I stay here and listen to  you!
140) 20) dialog: It's not fair! I worry about you all  the time. I try to help you all I  can and you just drink and talk  nonsense and - and frighten me! It's  not fair!
140) 23) dialog: Please! Let me sit here. Let me stay  here with you. I promise I won't say  all word. I'll just be here, so you  know no one's going to hurt you.  Please, please!
140) 24) text: She sits down tearfully, staring at him. We hear the Rex Tremendai Majestatis from the Requiem and see on the wall the portrait of Leopold Mozart looking do The camera pans slowly downward from it back to the table Mozart is writing the music. He looks up and sees that  Constanze is fast asleep in her chair. Mozart gets up qui He puts on his hat and cloak, takes a bottle of wine and  tiptoes from the house. Without stopping, the music chang from the heavy Requiem to the light-hearted patter of the Papa-Papa duet from The Magic Flute.
143) 0) text: He comes through he door and stares across the living roo at an open bedroom door. Puzzled, he crosses. The bedroom is also empty. We see Constanze's empty bed;  Karl's empty bed; empty closets.
154) 0) text: Trivial dance music is playing. Constanze is doing a walt with a young OFFICER in military uniform. At the moment w see her, she stops abruptly, as if in panic.
154) 2) dialog: I want to go!
154) 4) dialog: I want to go back to Vienna.
154) 6) dialog: Yes!
154) 8) dialog: I feel wrong. I feel wrong being  here.
159) 0) text: Mozart still dictating; Salieri still writing without sto EXT. VIENNA STREET - DAWN - 1790'S. The carriage has arrived. Constanze and her son alight wi other passengers. Postillions attend to the horses. She t her boy's hand. It is a cold wintry dawn. The music stutters to a close. End of the Confutatis.
161) 0) text: Constanze and Karl approach along the cobbled street, han in hand toward their house. Snow lies in the street.
163) 0) text: Constanze and Karl arrive at the door. They enter.
164) 0) text: It is as disordered as before, save that the table, previ littered with pages, is now completely bare. Constanze lo at it with surprise and enters the bedroom.
165) 0) text: Mozart is asleep in the bed. Salieri is dozing on the nea child's bed. The room is full of the trailing smoke from  guttering and guttered candles. Startled by Constanze's  entrance and her young son, Salieri scrambles up. As he d so, he attempts to button his waistcoat, but does it inep so that the vestment becomes bunched up, making him look  absurd.
165) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
165) 3) dialog: Why you?
165) 5) dialog: Well, thank you very much. You can  go now.
165) 7) dialog: No, he doesn't. And I don't want you  here. Just go, please.
165) 9) dialog: And I'm asking you -
165) 10) text: She notices a movement from the bed. Mozart wakes. He see Constanze and smiles with real joy. Forgetting Salieri, s goes to her husband.
165) 11) dialog: Wolfi, I'm back. I'm still very angry  with you, but I missed you so much.
165) 13) dialog: I'll never leave you again. If you'll  just try a little harder to be nice  to me. And I'll try to do better,  too. We must. We must! This was just  silly and stupid.
165) 15) dialog: What is this?
165) 17) dialog: Oh no, not this. Not this, Wolfi!   You're not to work on this ever again!   I've decided.
165) 19) dialog: (to Salieri) This is not his handwriting.
165) 21) dialog: He's not going to work on this  anymore. It is making him ill. Please.
165) 23) dialog: (hard) Please.
165) 25) dialog: Thank you.
165) 29) dialog: Good night.
165) 31) dialog: I regret we have no servants to show  you out, Herr Salieri. Respect my  wish and go.
165) 34) dialog: Wolfi? (louder) Wolfi?
165) 35) text: She moves to the bed. The child is playing with the coins the floor. Faintly we hear the start of the Lacrimosa fro the Requiem. Salieri watches as she touches her husband's hand. As the music grows, we realize that Mozart is dead. CU, Constanze staring wide-eyed in dawning apprehension. CU, Salieri also comprehending hat he has been cheated. The music rises. CU, The child on the floor, playing with the money.
166) 0) text: The Lacrimosa continues through all of the following: a s group of people emerges from the side door into the raw, day, accompanying a cheap wooden coffin. The coffin is bo by a gravedigger and Schikaneder in mourning clothes. The load it onto a cart, drawn by a poor black horse. All the rest are in black, also: Salieri, Von Swieten, Constanze her son, Karl, Madame Weber and her youngest daughter Sop and even Lorl, the maid. It is drizzling. The cart sets o The group follows.
167) 0) text: The group has already passed beyond the city limits follo the miserable cart. The Lacrimosa accompanies them with i measured thread. The drizzle of rain has now become heavy. One by one, the group breaks up and shelters under the trees. The cart mo on toward the cemetery, alone, followed by nobody, growin more and more distant. They watch it go. Salieri and Von Swieten shake hands mournfully, the water soaking their black tall hats. Schikaneder is in tears.  Constanze is near collapse. Salieri moves to assist her, she turns away from him, seeking the arm of Cavalieri. Ma Weber takes Karl's hand. The music builds to its climax on Dona Eis Pacem! We CUT  back to: