13) 0) text: We see the six-year-old MOZART, also blindfolded, seated a gilded chair on a pile of books, playing the harpsichor for the POPE and a suite of CARDINALS and other churchmen Beside the little boy stands LEOPOLD, his father, smirkin with pride.
13) 2) text: The piece finishes. Leopold lowers the lid of the harpsic and lifts up his little son to stand on it. Mozart remove the blindfold to show a pale little face with staring eye Both father and son bow. A Papal Chamberlain presents Leo with a gold snuff box whilst the cardinals decorously app Over this scene Old Salieri speaks.
55) 3) dialog: But he needs to be here in Salzburg,  Your Grace. He needs me and he needs  you. Your protection, your  understanding.
55) 5) dialog: Oh sir, yes! He's about to make the  worst mistake of his life. Some little  Viennese slut is trying to trick him  into marriage. I know my son. He is  too simple to see the trap - and  there is no one there who really  cares for him.
55) 7) dialog: Sir -
55) 9) dialog: Yes, sir, that's the truth. But don't  blame him. The fault is mine. I was  too indulgent with him. But not again.   Never again, I promise! I implore  you - let me bring him back here.  I'll make him give his word to serve  you faithfully.
55) 11) dialog: Oh, sir, he's never disobeyed me in  anything. Please, Your Grace, give  him one more chance.
55) 13) dialog: Oh, Your Grace - I thank Your Grace!   I thank you!
55) 14) text: In deepest gratitude he kisses the Archbishop's hand. He  motions Leopold to rise. We hear the first dark fortissim chord which begins the Overture to Don Giovanni: the them associated with the character of the Commendatore.
55) 15) dialog: My dear son.
56) 0) text: We see a huge CU, of Mozart's head, looking front and dow as if reading his father's letter. We hear Leopold's voic over this image, no longer whining and anxious, but  impressive.
56) 1) dialog: I write to you with urgent news. I  am coming to Vienna. Take no further  steps toward marriage until we meet.  You are too gullible to see your own  danger. As you honour the father who  has devoted his entire life to yours,  do as I bid, and await my coming.
57) 0) text: There is a view of a castle in background. Leopold sits a in his room. He is reading a letter from Wolfgang. At his feet are his trunks, half-packed for the journey he will now take. We hear Mozart's voice reading the following le and we see, as the camera roves around the room, mementos the young prodigy's early life: the little forte-piano ma for him; the little violin made for him; an Order present to him. We see a little starling in a wicker cage. And we see portraits of the boy on the walls, concluding with th familiar family portrait of Wolfgang and his sister Nanne seated at the keyboard with Leopold standing, and the pic of their mother on the wall behind them.
57) 2) text: The music of the Mass fades as Leopold crumples the lette in his hand.
81) 0) text: A cramped, low-ceilinged little room which nobody has tid for ages. We see music lying everywhere. Also there are m empty wine bottles; musical instruments - among them a  mandolin, a viola, a forte-piano with the black and white keys reversed - books and abandoned plates of food. Mozart clasps his father's arms. Leopold is now seen as a aging, travel-stained man in clothes that need repair. Hi face is lined, and he is obviously not in perfect health.
81) 2) dialog: Am I not welcome?
81) 5) dialog: You're very thin. Does she not feed  you, this wife of yours?
81) 8) dialog: Is she not here?
81) 10) text: Leopold looks about him at the mess in the room.
81) 11) dialog: Do you always live like this?
81) 15) text: Constanze, who looks ill and tired, stares at Leopold.   Leopold stares back from the doorway.
81) 19) dialog: Don't you have a maid?
81) 21) dialog: How is your financial situation?
81) 23) dialog: That's not what I hear.
81) 25) dialog: They say you're in debt.
81) 27) dialog: How many pupils do you have?
81) 29) dialog: Yes.
81) 31) dialog: How many?
81) 33) dialog: Composition doesn't pay. You know  that.
81) 36) dialog: What's that?
81) 38) dialog: Why not?
81) 40) dialog: You don't have secrets from me.
81) 46) dialog: I see that you're expecting.
81) 48) dialog: When, may I ask?
81) 51) dialog: Why didn't you mention it in your  letters?
81) 59) dialog: Thank you. That'll be fine. Don't  spend any money on me.
82) 0) text: Mozart and Constanze with Leopold between them. We see co shopping.
83) 0) text: This is a shop where one can buy costumes for masquerades It is filled with extravagant costumes of various kinds. Wolfgang is wearing a costume, a mask pushed up on his  forehead; Constanze is wearing a little white velvet mask Amidst the merriment, Leopold is helped by two assistants put on a dark grey cloak and a dark grey tricorne hat, to which is attached a full mask of dark grey. Its mouth is into a fixed upward smile. He turns and looks at his son through this mask.
84) 0) text: We are in the full whirl of a Masquerade Ball. Couples ar dancing around dressed in fantastic costumes. The music o Ich Mochte Wohl Der Kaiser sein increases in volume and  persists. We see the musicians thumping it out on a balus above the dancers. A steer is being roasted. Through the  bobbing crowd we see a group, headed by the figure of Bac this is Schikaneder in a Greek costume, wearing vine leav in his hair. He is accompanied by his usual trio of actre and three other men. Constanze as Columbine and Mozart as Harlequin are pulling Leopold by the hand of his dark clo and smiling mask. This whole group threads its way across the crowded room and disappears through a door. As they g they are watched by Salieri, standing alone in a corner,  wearing ordinary evening clothes. He turns away hastily t avoid being seen by them. As soon as they disappear into the far room, Salieri goes quickly to a lady in the corner who is giving guests domi masks off a tray. He quickly takes a small black mask and puts it on.
85) 0) text: A fantastic room designed as a rocky grotto, lit by candl A forte-piano to one side is being played by Schikaneder: the music of Ich Mochte Wohl Der Kaiser sein cross-fades another tune.  This is Vivat Bacchus from Il Seraglio whi Schikaneder, dressed as Bacchus, is humming as he plays. music is actually accompanying a game of Forfeits, which begun. Five couples (the group we have just seen) are dan in the middle of a ring made by nine chairs. When the mus stops they will each have to find a chair, and the one wh fails must pay a forfeit. Constanze is dancing with Leopold; Mozart is dancing with one of the actresses; the two other actresses are dancing with two other gentlemen; and two children dance together a little boy and a little girl. The scene is watched by a circle of bystanders; among them - from the doorway - is  Salieri. Schikaneder stops playing. Immediately the couples scramb for the chairs. Leopold and Constanze meet on the same ch bumping and pushing at each other to get sole possession it. To the amusement of the people around, the chair over balances and they both end up on the floor. Constanze  immediately gets up again, sets the chair on its feet, an tries to pretend she was sitting in it all the time. But  Schikaneder calls out from the forte-piano.
85) 2) text: People are delighted by the idea of this penalty. The chi jump up and down with excitement. The three actresses  immediately surround Leopold, reaching for his hat and ma and wig, whilst he tries to hold on to them. Mozart takes off Constanze's wig - an absurd affair with side-curls.  Constanze laughingly surrenders it.
85) 3) dialog: No, please! This is ridiculous! No,  please!
85) 5) dialog: No, really!
85) 11) text: As Leopold glares furiously about him, the actress succee in getting Constanze's wig firmly onto his head. Everybod bursts into applause. Delightedly, Constanze puts on Leop wig, hat and mask: from the waist up she now looks like a weird parody of Leopold in the smiling grey mask, and he  looks like a weird parody of her in the silly feminine wi Schikaneder starts to play again, and the couples start t dance. Leopold angrily takes off Constanze's wig and leav the circle; his partner, Constanze, is left alone. Seeing this, Mozart leaves his partner and catches his father  entreatingly by the arm.
85) 13) text: He takes off his own wig and puts it on Leopold's uncover head. The effect, if not as ridiculous, is still somewhat bizarre, since Wolfgang favours fairly elaborate wigs. He takes Constanze's wig from his father. As this happens, t music stops again. Mozart gently pushes his father down o a nearby chair; the others scramble for the other chairs; and he is left as the Odd Man Out. He giggles. Schikanede calls out to Leopold from the keyboard.
85) 17) dialog: I want you to come back with me to  Salzburg, my son.
85) 20) dialog: I'm tired of this game. Please play  without me.
90) 0) text: Mozart comes out. Framed in the doorway from outside stan Lorl, the maid we noticed in Salieri's house. From his be Leopold peeps out to watch. Mozart goes to the girl. Cons follows.
90) 13) dialog: Mine?
90) 16) dialog: I never saw this girl in my life. (to Lorl) Is this a kind of joke?
90) 18) dialog: Young woman, this won't do at all.   My son can't possibly accept such an  offer, no matter how generous, unless  he knows who is behind it.
90) 20) dialog: Oh, this is ridiculous.
90) 22) dialog: But you can't take her without  reference. It's unheard of!
90) 25) dialog: So now we are going to let a perfect  stranger into the house?
90) 29) text: Lorl goes outside and closes the door. Constanze turns on Leopold.
90) 33) dialog: Never mind. You won't have to do  anything for me ever again. I'm  leaving!
90) 35) dialog: Don't worry, I'm not staying here to  be a burden.
90) 37) dialog: She does. She says I sleep all day.
90) 39) dialog: And what do you expect? Who wants to  walk out into a mess like this every  day?
90) 41) dialog: So you are! The place is a pigsty  all the time.
90) 47) text: She leads the maid into Leopold's room. Mozart steals bac into his workroom and gently closes the door. Leopold is  left alone.
90) 48) dialog: Sorry, sorry! I'm sorry I spoke!   I'm just a provincial from Salzburg.   What do I know about smart Vienna?   Parties all night, every night.  Dancing and drinking like idiot  children!
91) 1) dialog: Dinner at eight! Dinner at ten! Dinner  when anyone feels like it! If anyone  feels like it!
93) 0) text: The final movement of Mozart's Piano Concerto in E-flat ( 482) begins. To its lively music, the door of the house b open and a grand forte-piano augmented with a pedal is ca out of it by six men, who run off with it down the street Following them immediately appear Wolfgang, Constanze and Leopold, all three dressed for an occasion. They climb in a waiting carriage which drives off after the forte-piano As soon as it goes, Lorl appears in the doorway, peering  slyly around to see that they are out of sight. Then she  shuts the door and hurries off in the opposite direction.
94) 0) text: An outdoor concert is being given. Mozart is actually pla the final movement of his E-flat concerto with an orchest Listening to him is a sizable audience, including the Emp flanked by Strack and Von Swieten. The crowd is in a happy and appreciative mood: it is a  delightful open-air scene. We hear the gayest and most co passage. Leopold and Constanze listen to Mozart, who play his own work brilliantly. We stay with this scene for a l while and then
100) 10) text: Leopold comes forward eagerly and fawningly kisses the ro hand.
100) 11) dialog: Your Majesty.
100) 14) dialog: That's right, Your Majesty. Twenty  years ago. No, twenty-two! twenty- three! And I remember word for word  what you said to me. You said - you  said --
100) 17) dialog: No! Yes, 'bravo,' of course 'bravo'!   Everybody always says 'bravo' when  Wolfi plays. Like the King of England.   When we played for the King of  England, he got up at the end and  said, 'Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!' three  times. Three bravo's. And the Pope  four! Four bravo's from the Holy  Father, and one 'bellissimo.'
100) 20) dialog: Hush! I'm talking to His Majesty.  Your Majesty, I wish to express only  one thing - that you who are the  Father of us all, could teach our  children the gratitude they owe to  fathers. It is not for nothing that  the Fifth Commandment tells us:  'Honour your Father and Mother, that  your days may be long upon the earth.'
131) 0) text: This is exactly the same shop which Mozart and Constanze  visited with Leopold. Now Salieri's servant stands in it, waiting. We see a few other customers being served by the staff: renting masks, costumes, etc. One of the staff eme from the back of the shop carrying a large box, which he  hands to Salieri's servant. The servant leaves the shop. Through the window we see him hurrying away through the s street full of passers-by, carriages, etc.
132) 0) text: The D Minor Concerto continues. Salieri, alone, eagerly o the box from the costume shop and takes out the same dark cloak and hat that Leopold wore to the masquerade, only n attached to the hat is a dark mask whose mouth is cut int frown, not a laugh. It presents a bitter and menacing  expression. He puts on the cloak, the hat and the mask an turns his back. Suddenly we see the assembled and alarmin image reflected in a full-length mirror. The music swells darkly.
138) 0) text: The room, lit by a few candles, appears dirty. The camera shows us again Leopold's portrait on the wall, looking do upon a scene of disorder. Papers litter the table; dirty dishes are piled in the  fireplace; on the forte-piano lies Mozart's Masonic apron woven with symbols. To the more lyrical passage of the  introduction, we see Mozart take up a candle and enter:
140) 24) text: She sits down tearfully, staring at him. We hear the Rex Tremendai Majestatis from the Requiem and see on the wall the portrait of Leopold Mozart looking do The camera pans slowly downward from it back to the table Mozart is writing the music. He looks up and sees that  Constanze is fast asleep in her chair. Mozart gets up qui He puts on his hat and cloak, takes a bottle of wine and  tiptoes from the house. Without stopping, the music chang from the heavy Requiem to the light-hearted patter of the Papa-Papa duet from The Magic Flute.