141) 0) text: This little wooden structure stands in a courtyard in the tenement by the Weiden. Inside, we see a table, chairs, a forte-piano, bottles and a chaos of papers. Strewn about the chairs are the three actresses, giggling. Schikaneder and Mozart, both drunk, are singing the duet of the two b people. The actor sings Papageno and the composer, in a  soprano voice, sings Papagena at the keyboard. Absurdly,  they end up rubbing noses and fall on each other's necks.
146) 2) text: The music is by Herr Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Herr Mozart out of respect for a gracious and honourable Public, and  from friendship for the author of this piece, will today  direct the orchestra in person. The book of the opera, furnished with two copperplates, o which is engraved Herr Schikaneder in the costume he wear for the role of Papageno, may be had at the box office fo 30 kr. Prices of admission are as usual To begin at 7 o'clock
147) 3) text: Papageno recoils.
147) 4) dialog: Merciful Gods! If only I knew by  which door I came in. (to audience) Which was it? Was it this one? Come  on, tell me!
147) 6) text: Papageno recoils.
147) 7) dialog: Now, I can't go forward and I can't  go back. Oh, this is awful!
147) 8) text: He weeps extravagantly. In the pit, Mozart indicates to the first violinist to ta over as conductor. He slips from his place and goes steal backstage. We follow him. Over the scene we hear Papageno being addressed by the First Priest in stern tones.
147) 10) dialog: Oh well, I'm not alone in that. Just  give me a decent glass of wine -  that's divine content enough for me.
147) 13) dialog: (Schikaneder) Well!
147) 15) dialog: Well, actually I do have a rather  weird feeling in my heart. Perhaps  it's just indigestion. But you know,  I really would like - I really do  want - something even nicer than  food and drink. Now what on earth  could that be?
147) 16) text: He stares at the audience and winks at them. They laugh. Now Papageno's aria (Ein Madchen oder Weibchen) begins. I is interpolated, as he pretends to play his magic bells,  with the glockenspiel actually being played off-stage by  Mozart. Schikaneder looks into the pit and does not see M conducting. He looks into the wings and realizes the situ with amusement. He sings joyfully and the audience watche entranced.
148) 6) dialog: (appalled) What? Who the devil are you?
148) 8) dialog: Oh. Well, thank you! How wonderful.   Some people get all the luck.
148) 11) dialog: (nervous) I can't wait.
148) 13) dialog: What do you mean - now?
148) 16) dialog: Well, I don't know! I mean you're a  delicious, delightful, delectable  little bird, but don't you think you  might be just a little tough?