8) 0) text: A wide, white-washed corridor. Doctor Gulden is walking d it with a priest, a man of about forty, concerned, but  somewhat self-important. This is Father VOGLER, Chaplain the hospital. In the corridor as they walk, we note sever patients -- some of them visibly disturbed mentally. All  patients wear white linen smocks. Doctor Gulden wears a d frock-coat; Vogler, a cassock.
9) 0) text: A bare room - one of the best available in the General  Hospital. It contains a bed, a table with candles, chairs small forte-piano of the early nineteenth century. As Vog enters, Old Salieri is sitting in a wheel-chair, looking the window. His back is to us. The priest closes the door quietly behind him.
11) 4) text: Slyly he plays the opening measure of Mozart's Eine Klein Nachtmusik. The priest nods, smiling suddenly, and hums a little with the music.
11) 14) text: A very long pause. Salieri stares above the priest, seemi lost in his own private world.
53) 0) text: The old man speaks passionately to the priest.
56) 3) text: The camera pulls back to see that he is in fact kneeling  beside Constanze. A PRIEST faces them. Behind them are Ma Weber, Josefa and Sophie Weber, and a very few others. Am them, a merry looking lady in bright clothes: the BARONES WALDSTADTEN.
56) 4) dialog: And will you, Constanze Weber, take  this man, Wolfgang to be your lawful  husband?
56) 6) dialog: I now pronounce you man and wife.
63) 0) text: The old man faces the Priest.
147) 8) text: He weeps extravagantly. In the pit, Mozart indicates to the first violinist to ta over as conductor. He slips from his place and goes steal backstage. We follow him. Over the scene we hear Papageno being addressed by the First Priest in stern tones.
147) 9) dialog: (on stage) Man, thou hast deserved to wander  forever in the darkest chasms of the  earth. The gentle Gods have remitted  thy punishment, but yet thou shalt  never feel the Divine Content of the  consecrated ones.
147) 11) text: Laughter. An enormous goblet of wine appears out of the e We follow Mozart into the wings. Actors and actresses sta around in fantastic costumes. We see a flying chariot and parts of a huge snake lying about. Also the scenery door a temple with the word 'Wisdom' inscribed on the pediment Mozart walks to where there stands a keyboard glockenspie with several manuals, and a musician waiting to play it.  Silently Mozart indicates that he wishes to play the  instrument himself. On stage Schikaneder is being addressed haughtily by the  First Priest.
147) 12) dialog: Man, hast thou no other desire on  earth, but just to eat and drink?
169) 0) text: The rain has eased off. A LOCAL PRIEST with two boy acoly is standing beside an open communal grave. Mozart's body lifted out of the cheap pine box in a sack. We see that the grave contains twenty other such sacks. T gravedigger throws the one containing Mozart amongst the  others. An assistant pours quicklime over the whole pile them. The acolytes swing their censers.
169) 1) dialog: The Lord giveth. The Lord taketh  away. Blessed be the name of the  Lord.
170) 6) text: Salieri ignores him and stares only at the priest, who st back.
170) 8) text: He signs to the attendant, who wheels him in his chair ou of the room. The priest stares after him.