20) 70) text: He goes out closing the immediate door and goes to the front door which he opens. He is confronted by two officious little men in boiler suits who are standing outside his door. Their names are SPOOR and DOWSER. DOWSE is SPOOR's echo.
20) 117) text: He is pushed aside. SPOOR followed by DOWSER, heads for the door behind which is MR TUTTLE. SAM is paralysed. SPOOR approaches the door as if it is dangerous. He turns the handle quietly and gives the door a little nudge. The door begins to swing slowly open. SAM suddenly finds inspiration.
20) 120) text: SPOOR and DOWSER turn round as the door continues to swin open. When the door is open, behind their backs TUTTLE is seen holding his pistol in a two-handed grip, his knees slightly bent. TUTTLE freezes like that, pointing his pistol through the open door.
20) 122) text: DOWSER looks very angry. Veins stand out on his forehead and he goes into what looks like some sort of fit. SPOOR knocks him to the ground.
20) 129) text: DOWSER moans and begins to get back on his feet.
32) 1) text: SAM enters. The place is in a state of turmoil. Servicing panels are off the walls. Conduit, ducting, pipes, unknow mechanical horrors spew from the wall as if the place was disemboweled. SPOOR stands in the middle of it all trying to direct two other WORKMEN who are poring over wiring plans which seem to make little sense to them. DOWSER is not visible but there is a great deal of clunking and banging going on somewhere behind the wall.
32) 7) dialog: (muffled) ...ergency procedures.
32) 20) text: SAM resignedly starts signing all the other pages one by one. SPOOR realises that DOWSER's echo has gone missing.
32) 23) text: DOWSER bursts through a panel in the wall. This is the panel which TUTTLE had removed and replaced. A few of the flat's intestines have come out with DOWSER. DOWSER has made a find - TUTTLE's spare part.
32) 28) text: DOWSER points to TUTTLE's spare part which is hanging out of the wall attached to rubber tube. SPOOR examines this closely. SAM watches alarmed. The TWO MEN go into a mumbling huddle.
32) 53) text: SPOOR and DOWSER and the other workmen gather up their tools - put them in the bag, grab everything else that belongs to them and are leaving. SPOOR grabs the form-boo out of SAM's hands, rips out the last page, thrusts that page at SAM, shoves the book into his bag. The WORKMEN begin leaving the flat.
89) 1) text: SAM enters, followed by JILL. His breath immediately starts come out of his mouth like clouds of steam. The flat looks as though it has been disembowelled and then deep frozen. Icicles are hanging down from everywhere. Th flat looks like a scrap dump. Every wall has spilled out its disgusting steel and rubber entrails, filling most of the available space and making progress through the flat difficult. Half a dozen MEN are at work. They are impossible to identify because they wear arctic clothing and look more like spacemen. Their voices however belong to SPOOR and DOWSER.