35) 5) text: You ready to meet some desperate women? MARY ELIZABETH and ALICE (both 17) sit on the sofa togeth Mary Elizabeth is smart, a little overweight, and extreme bossy. Alice will figure out that she's a lesbian in college. Right now, she just likes movies and is Mary Elizabeth's "beta female." PATRICK (CONT'D)
35) 20) dialog: Yeah.    He comes here sometimes.
36) 7) text: Oh, my God! ALICE
39) 0) text: The party has thinned. Sam watches Charlie drink his milkshake obsessively with Alice and Mary Elizabeth.
44) 0) text: The xerox spits out copies of PUNK ROCKY! Halloween Issue Alice staples while Mary Elizabeth works her like a sled
53) 0) text: We hear the chorus of "Don't Dream It, Be It" as Charlie watches all of the exciting cast members at the after-sho party. Charlie sees a photo of Sam's naked back on the wa of Craig's loft. Very arty. Very black &amp; white. Charl lust (and guilt) are now at 11. Alice looks at the photo.
53) 1) dialog: It's gorgeous, Craig.    What did you use? Craig is impressive to high school kids. He's a little pretentious. But his art school life. His red wine. His loft. Wow. Right now, he holds court in the wine line.
53) 4) dialog: (worried)
55) 0) text: The tape revolves in the stereo, playing a beautiful ball Charlie watches Sam sway to his music like a serenade. Li she is dancing with him. But she isn't. A wider angle reveals that she is slow dancing with... Craig. Charlie is 15 year old CRUSHED. No filter. Just feeling. Patrick, Alice, and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the r
55) 1) dialog: So, what do you think?
55) 4) dialog: I hope it works out. Craig would be a big step up from her last boyfriend.
55) 10) dialog: Don't you write poetry, Craig?
65) 3) text: Multiple pairs of blue jeans. Wow. This is a really tough one, but I'm going to have to guess... Alice. Alice smiles. Bob nudges her. Guilty as charged.       Ma Elizabeth pulls one last item out of the gift bag. MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
65) 6) text: I'm so touched. Alice laughs. Patrick pours everyone brandy.    The kids ridiculous, but they don't feel ridiculous. CHARLIE
65) 27) dialog: "Alice, I know you'll get into NYU." Alice turns to Mary Elizabeth who holds up a card with...
98) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to an 80's love son Sweaty palms. Awkward. Hands on hips. Horror. Charlie looks around the gym. He sees Alice dancing with date, an EFFEMINATE GOTH KID (17). We'll never meet him, he'll make us laugh once. Charlie then watches Patrick dance with Sam. He follows Patrick's gaze across the floor to Brad, who dances with SENIOR GIRL (18). Charlie sees the boys look at each othe For one moment, it's like they're dancing together.
104) 0) text: Sam, Patrick, and Alice are seated around the table. Mary Elizabeth has her arms around Charlie. Smothering him.
112) 4) text: I dare you to kiss Alice. PATRICK
112) 5) text: (licks his lips) Get ready, breeder. As Patrick approaches an apprehensive Alice... CRAIG
112) 9) text: Excuse me, everyone, but you're missing some hot "fag on goth" action. Anticipation. Patrick is getting ready to plant the bigge kiss on Alice when she jumps him. Everyone groans. Ew! Laughter. Patrick looks for the next person. Charlie's heart pounds. Don't pick me! Please! PATRICK (CONT'D)
144) 0) text: Prom night continues. The antique limo is so garish, it's great. Charlie snaps pictures with Sam's mom and Patrick' dad. Mary Elizabeth is with her boyfriend, Peter. Alice stands with Patrick, dashing in his Mod Suit Tux.
149) 0) text: It's like a dream for Charlie. He watches Sam hug Alice a Mary Elizabeth goodbye. But Charlie is somewhere else.
151) 0) text: Charlie snaps himself out of it. He turns back as Mary Elizabeth and Alice part ways. Charlie locks eyes with Sa They take a moment. And then they come together to hug. S kisses him goodbye, trying not to cry. After a moment, Sam climbs into the driver's seat of her truck with Patrick riding shotgun. Charlie looks dazed.
167) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Charlie thinks everyone is staring at him. H sister and her friends. His brother and mother. Mary Elizabeth and Alice. And worst of all... Sam and Patrick night they toasted him. A paranoid nightmare.