25) 18) text: My Aunt Helen said I should be a writer, but I don't know what I'd write about. SAM
31) 0) text: The door opens to reveal Charlie's mom and AUNT HELEN entering the house. Aunt Helen carries a suitcase. The children don't know where she's been or why she looks sad They just know they love her. Little Charlie stands at th top of the stairs with his brother and sister in their Su clothes. There are balloons. And streamers.
31) 2) dialog: Oh.   Look at you all, dressed so nice. Aunt Helen smiles at Little Charlie on top of the stairs.
72) 0) text: The same street. Christmas Eve. Many years ago. Aunt Hele and the kids finish their luminaria bags. Aunt Helen ligh up the candles. They glow.
72) 1) dialog: Can you see it, Charlie? The luminaria is a landing strip for Santa Claus. The image goes wide. All of these bags glowing.     Beaut Aunt Helen rattles her keys. Whispers.
72) 2) dialog: Keep an eye out for him with your brother and sister. I'll be right back. She bends down and whispers into his ear.
72) 3) dialog: I'm going to get your birthday present. She musses his hair and gets in the car.
79) 1) dialog: It'll be our little secret, all right?
82) 0) text: 7 year old Charlie waves goodbye to Aunt Helen as she dri away through the landing strip for Santa Claus.
84) 0) text: Aunt Helen drives past a tall snow drift. She looks down the 45 of The Beatles in the seat next to her. She smiles Charlie's birthday present. Then, she looks up as the headlights of the semi truck smash the windows with a CRA
117) 0) text: Little Charlie looks at Aunt Helen as she smokes her cigarette and sobs.
119) 0) text: 7 year old Charlie watches the PRIEST recite the Lord's prayer. He looks at Aunt Helen's picture on the coffin.
121) 0) text: 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand to make her st crying.
154) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers the night with Sam. We s her put her hand on his knee. The image moves up the arm. To the shoulder. To the face. And we reveal, we are not i Sam's bedroom. And it is not Sam touching Charlie. But... Aunt Helen
154) 1) dialog: Don't wake your sister.
157) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. It's Christmas Eve.       Aunt Helen smiles Little Charlie.
157) 1) dialog: It'll be our little secret, okay?
159) 1) dialog: Look, Charlie. She's fast asleep.
161) 0) text: QUICK FLASH.   Aunt Helen points to Little Candace.
161) 1) dialog: Don't wake your sister.
163) 0) text: QUICK FLASH.   Aunt Helen gets hit by the semi-truck.
169) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Derek hits Candace.   Patrick hits Brad. cafeteria erupts into violence. And Charlie remembers what he's blacked out. We see him in the cafeteria. Terrifying. He thinks he see Aunt Helen as he breaks the Linebacker's nose. Hits anoth in the throat. And pushes another. Charlie looks at his hand, covered in blood. The whole school staring at him.
170) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie holds his head. Trying to stuff the pictures back in his brain. But he can't. They keep coming and coming, faster and faster. Sam's hand, Little Charlie on top of the stairs, the police telling him Aunt Helen is dead.
173) 0) text: Kitchen.   One room. Charlie doesn't know where he is anymore.   The past and present have bled together. QUICK FLASH. We see Little Charlie turn the corner into t kitchen. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year old Charlie stands in the same kitchen, breathing shallow. QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie walks up to Aunt Helen sitting at the kitchen table. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year Charlie begins to have a full blown anxiety attack. QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand a turns it over... to reveal her wrist scars. BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie looks from the table to the counter with the bread and the KNIVES. He stares at the knives for a moment. Just as... The Policemen break down the door.
174) 14) text: What about your Aunt Helen? Like cold water. What was tears is now confusion and soon be shame. Dr. Burton is gentle to him. CHARLIE