6) 6) dialog: Would you guys get a room? They laugh. Charlie turns to the trophy case to avoid the Trying to make himself as small as possible.
24) 10) text: Thanks for not calling me "Nothing" by the way. It's an endless nightmare. And these assholes actually think they're being original. Brad Hays puts on his helmet and rushes onto the field. Charlie dries his hands on his pants. So nervous. A 5 second silence that feels like a year. Think of something say. Anything. CHARLIE
24) 21) text: He's never tossing that salad. Brad Hays marches the Devils offense down the field. The kids clap. Sam looks at Charlie, then turns back to Patri SAM
24) 34) text: Hey... we're going to Kings after the game if you want to come. Charlie nods just as Brad Hays tosses a touchdown pass. fans go crazy. Especially Patrick. Charlie smiles.
25) 0) text: The Devils' faithful cheer as Brad Hays and his guys ente The place is packed. Patrick and Sam drink coffee while Charlie eats his brownie. They're all excited.
25) 14) text: That's okay. Brad Hays, the quarterback, passes with his posse. NOSE TACKLE &amp; LINEBACKER
38) 4) dialog: (nervous)
45) 0) text: Brad Hays leads the football team through the banner onto field as Charlie, Patrick, and Sam cheer. Moments later, Brad pulls his helmet on and rushes onto the field.
47) 0) text: Charlie sits with his family in itchy church clothes. He turns to see Brad with his father and mother. Proper fami Brad's dad gives him a pat on the back.
48) 0) text: We see Patrick and Brad walking in the library. They reac the stacks, and just when it looks like they'll speak, th simply... PASS EACH OTHER WITHOUT A WORD.
92) 3) dialog: They say that about LSD to scare you.
92) 5) dialog: Charlie, you're fine, man. Mary Elizabeth hangs up the phone, frustrated.
92) 7) dialog: (scared)
98) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to an 80's love son Sweaty palms. Awkward. Hands on hips. Horror. Charlie looks around the gym. He sees Alice dancing with date, an EFFEMINATE GOTH KID (17). We'll never meet him, he'll make us laugh once. Charlie then watches Patrick dance with Sam. He follows Patrick's gaze across the floor to Brad, who dances with SENIOR GIRL (18). Charlie sees the boys look at each othe For one moment, it's like they're dancing together.
125) 0) text: As kids open lockers and move to morning period, Charlie stares at Brad. He has a black eye and cuts on his face. look like he was beaten up badly. Students whisper gossip
126) 3) text: Oops.   Sorry, Nothing. Patrick smiles to himself, dusts off, and turns to Brad. PATRICK
126) 4) text: You going to do something? BRAD HAYS
126) 6) text: Your pet ape just tripped me.    Are you going to say something? BRAD HAYS
126) 8) text: You know why. It's too far.   Brad can feel people staring. BRAD HAYS
126) 9) text: This is pathetic, man.    Your fixation on me. Brad's friends laugh.   Patrick's eyes narrow. PATRICK
126) 10) text: Do you want your friends to know how you got those bruises? Really? BRAD HAYS
126) 12) text: Where? In Schenley Park? Do they know about Schenley Park? (to Brad's friends) Do you guys know about Schenley Park? Brad stands and gets right in Patrick's face. BRAD HAYS
126) 15) text: Fine.   Say hi to your dad for me. Patrick turns and leaves.    And then, as an afterthought BRAD HAYS
126) 16) text: Whatever... faggot. Brad's friends laugh.    Patrick stops and turns.   Last PATRICK
126) 17) text: What did you call me? BRAD HAYS
126) 18) text: I called you a faggo-- Smack. Before Brad can even finish, Patrick throws a vicious rig to the cheek. Brad tackles him. And the two start fightin The cafeteria erupts in NOISE. PATRICK
126) 19) text: Say that shit again!    Say that shit again! Brad's football buddies rise and peel Patrick off Brad. Elizabeth and Sam jump up from their corner table. MARY ELIZABETH
126) 25) text: Brad is stunned.     So is everyone... except Sam.
127) 0) text: Charlie sits in the waiting room of the principal's offic He looks through the glass where Principal Small talks to Brad. After a beat, she pats Brad's shoulder and opens th door. Leaving Charlie and Brad alone in the waiting room. Just as Brad is about to leave...
127) 1) dialog: Charlie?
127) 3) dialog: Thanks for stopping them.
127) 5) text: Brad doesn't look at him.     He just moves on.
169) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Derek hits Candace.   Patrick hits Brad. cafeteria erupts into violence. And Charlie remembers what he's blacked out. We see him in the cafeteria. Terrifying. He thinks he see Aunt Helen as he breaks the Linebacker's nose. Hits anoth in the throat. And pushes another. Charlie looks at his hand, covered in blood. The whole school staring at him.