2) 0) text: It is a neat and tidy little room. Few posters or books. CHARLIE is 15. He is innocent, hopeful, awkward, and lika to everyone but his classmates. He sits at his desk, writ a letter in pencil as he tapes the title song through the radio on his cassette boom box.
2) 1) dialog: Dear Friend, I am writing to you because she said you listen and understand and didn't try to sleep with that person at that party even though you could have. Please don't try to figure out who she is because then you might figure out who I am, and I don't want you to do that. I just need to know that people like you exist. Like if you met me, you wouldn't think I was the weird kid who spent time in the hospital. And I wouldn't make you nervous.
3) 0) text: Charlie anxiously walks through the hallway of his suburb split level house.
3) 2) dialog: I hope it's okay for me to think that. You see, I haven't really talked to anyone outside of my family all summer. Charlie moves to the living room where dad watches a foot game. Mom reads a page turner and sips her white wine. Charlie waits for them to notice him. And waits. And wait
4) 0) text: Charlie sits at his desk, continuing his letter in pencil
4) 1) dialog: But tomorrow is my first day of high school ever, and I really need to turn things around this year. (hopeful)
5) 0) text: We see it in Charlie's mind. Slow motion and wondrous. Th kids clear out their lockers by throwing their old papers the air like a New York confetti parade.
5) 1) dialog: As I enter the school for the first time, I will visualize what it will be like on the last day of my senior year. Charlie walks down the hall.   Triumphant.   Confident.
5) 2) dialog: Unfortunately, I counted, and that's...
6) 0) text: Reality. The bell rings, and we see the chaotic maze from Charlie's POV. A SENIOR BULLY leads the ritual, making dozens of freshmen hop down the hall.
6) 2) dialog: ... 1,385 days from now. VARSITY FOOTBALL PLAYERS pass, wearing their letter jacke
6) 7) dialog: (trying to be optimistic)
7) 0) text: Charlie moves down the lunch line with his sister. CANDAC KELMECKIS is 17 and a beautiful type A, straight A priss.
7) 1) dialog: In the meantime, I'd hoped that my sister Candace and her boyfriend Derek would have let me eat lunch with their earth club.
8) 0) text: Charlie sits in the corner alone, observing everyone havi great time with their friends. He sees a pretty girl with blonde hair having the best first day. This is SUSAN, 14.
8) 2) dialog: When my sister said no, I thought maybe my old friend Susan would want to have lunch with me. Charlie catches her eye and waves, but she looks away.
8) 3) dialog: In middle school, Susan was very fun to be around, but now she doesn't like to say hi to me anymore. Charlie turns his attention to the quarterback, Brad Hays
8) 4) dialog: And then there's Brad Hays, who's the quarterback of our team. Before my brother went to play football for Penn State, he and Brad played together. So, I thought maybe he'd say hi to me. But Brad's a senior, and I'm me, so... who am I kidding? Brad catches Charlie staring at him.   Awkward.
9) 0) text: Charlie sits by himself, watching the freshmen boys laugh a senior paints a goatee on his face with a grease pencil
9) 1) dialog: On the bright side, one senior decided to make fun of the teacher instead of the freshmen. He even drew on Mr. Callahan's legendary goatee with a grease pencil. Meet PATRICK (18), full of confidence, mischief, and so o high school. He is the class clown, performing a perfect imitation of the teacher, Mr. Callahan.
9) 8) dialog: I felt really bad for Patrick. He wasn't saying the impersonation to be mean or anything. He was just trying to make us freshmen feel better.
9) 11) text: Oh, wow. This is useful guys. We should read on. Charlie smiles.   He loves him already.
10) 0) text: The kids pass back paperback copies of To Kill A Mockingb Charlie opens his Trapper Keeper, takes a pencil out of t plastic pouch, and writes... "ENGLISH CLASS... DAY ONE."
10) 1) dialog: My last class of the day is advanced English, and I'm excited to finally start learning with the smartest kids in the school... A SMART ASS FRESHMAN girl with braces smiles at him.
10) 3) text: (whispers) Nice Trapper Keeper, faggot. The kids around him laugh. Charlie's ears turn red. At th blackboard, the teacher writes his name... Mr. Anderson. you can call him BILL (27). Bill is an idealist. BILL
10) 4) text: Shhh. I'm Mr. Anderson. And thanks to Teach for America, I'm going to be your teacher for freshman English. This semester, we're going to be learning Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird. Genius book. Now, who wants to get out of the first pop quiz? All hands go up.   Except Charlie's.   Bill paces the row BILL (CONT'D)
10) 8) text: That's a great guess, but no, Shakespeare didn't write novels. Anybody else? (off their silence) The author was... Bill is about to give the answer when he notices Charlie already written... Charles Dickens. BILL (CONT'D)
11) 0) text: The bell rings. The students chatter their way out of cla The last to leave is Charlie.
11) 3) text: They call you teacher's pet? Freak? (off Charlie's nod)
11) 4) text: I used to get spaz. I mean, come on, spaz? Charlie smiles.   Bill takes a moment.   Then...
11) 6) dialog: Thank you, sir, but if my English teacher is the only friend I make today, that would be sort of depressing.
11) 8) dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Anderson.     I'm okay.
12) 0) text: Charlie looks through the thick office glass. He sees Patrick use his charms on MRS. SMALL, (58) the Principal.
12) 2) text: I would happily not take shop... Out of nowhere, the SENIOR BULLY grabs Charlie's book.
12) 4) dialog: Well, I have 1,384 days to go. And just so I say it to someone, high school is even worse than middle school.
13) 0) text: Charlie walks up the path to his house.
13) 1) dialog: If my parents ask me about it, I probably won't tell them the truth because I don't want them to worry that I might get bad again.
14) 0) text: Charlie tapes his book cover back together. He looks up a his dad comes home from a long day. Charlie's mom hugs hi
14) 1) dialog: If my Aunt Helen were still here, I could talk to her. And I know she would understand how I am both happy and sad, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be. I just hope I make a friend soon. Love always, Charlie.
15) 0) text: Charlie stands in the kitchen, pouring his milk.
15) 6) dialog: Yes, sir.    I sure do. Charlie carries his milk back to the table.   He quickly hoping someone will change the subject.
16) 0) text: Charlie's father and mother watch a local sports show. Charlie passes by them with ice cream on his way downstai
16) 5) text: I hope you love the mix I made.     The cover is hand-painted. When he gets into his car, she hands Charlie the mix tape
16) 7) dialog: Are you sure?
17) 0) text: Charlie sits on his bed, reading To Kill a Mockingbird, t cover taped back together. We see Derek's mix... Autumn Leaves... rotate in his old tape recorder.
18) 0) text: The reading is done. Charlie proudly puts To Kill a Mockingbird on his newly dubbed "Shelf of Fame."
19) 0) text: The songs continues as we see glimpses of Charlie's day t day life over the next few weeks. Charlie exits his Engli class. FRESHMEN BULLIES wait for him, led by...
20) 0) text: Charlie looks at the new bottle of prescription Wellbutri He puts a pill in his mouth and washes it down with RC co
21) 0) text: Charlie watches his brother and the Penn State Nittany Li on TV. He looks over at his father, but his dad is too bu building Charlie's clock for shop class to notice him.
22) 0) text: Charlie carries his tray through the intimidating cafeter Not giving up. Looking for somewhere to sit.
23) 0) text: Charlie sits by himself in the corner. He looks around th cafeteria, wanting to break in. Not knowing how. After a moment, he returns to his book. The song ends.
24) 0) text: Friday Night Football in Western, PA. Charlie buys his Co and nachos and wanders to the bleachers. He sits alone, trying to blend in by cheering with the rest of students. When the Mill Grove Devils recover a fumble, he hears...
24) 4) dialog: Hey... Patrick.
24) 6) text: Hey! You're in my shop class, right? How's your clock coming? CHARLIE
24) 8) text: Yeah. Mine looks like a boat. (off Charlie's awkward silence) You want to sit over here, or are you waiting for your friends? CHARLIE
24) 9) text: No.   I'll sit if that's okay. Patrick motions for Charlie to sit.   Charlie sits.   Ela PATRICK
24) 10) text: Thanks for not calling me "Nothing" by the way. It's an endless nightmare. And these assholes actually think they're being original. Brad Hays puts on his helmet and rushes onto the field. Charlie dries his hands on his pants. So nervous. A 5 second silence that feels like a year. Think of something say. Anything. CHARLIE
24) 12) text: Love it. CHARLIE
24) 14) text: Hey, Sam. Charlie looks up. Standing there is the prettiest girl he ever seen. SAM (17) would make every mother proud and eve father nervous. She is alive, adventurous, and a world cl flirt. Great attitude. Great taste. Great banter. SAM
24) 21) text: He's never tossing that salad. Brad Hays marches the Devils offense down the field. The kids clap. Sam looks at Charlie, then turns back to Patri SAM
24) 22) text: (about Charlie) Patrick... who's this?
24) 24) text: Uh... Charlie... Kelmeckis. PATRICK
24) 25) text: Kelmeckis! No shit! Your sister dates Pony Tail Derek, doesn't she? CHARLIE
24) 29) text: It's nice to meet you, Charlie.    I'm Sam. Sam extends her hand to Charlie. Every nail a different color. They shake. Then, Sam grabs a nacho. Zoinks! PATRICK
24) 34) text: Hey... we're going to Kings after the game if you want to come. Charlie nods just as Brad Hays tosses a touchdown pass. fans go crazy. Especially Patrick. Charlie smiles.
25) 0) text: The Devils' faithful cheer as Brad Hays and his guys ente The place is packed. Patrick and Sam drink coffee while Charlie eats his brownie. They're all excited.
25) 2) dialog: I think The Smiths are my favorite.
25) 4) dialog: Asleep. It's from Louder Than Bombs. I heard it on Pony Tail Derek's mix tape.
25) 6) dialog: I could make a copy for you.
25) 8) dialog: (never heard of it)
25) 13) text: I used to be popular before Sam got me some good music. So, watch out, Charlie. She'll ruin your life forever. CHARLIE
25) 17) text: So, Charlie... what are you going to do when you get out of here? CHARLIE
25) 20) text: Yeah. Call it Slut and The Falcon.      Make us solve crimes. Sam laughs.   Charlie smiles. CHARLIE
25) 26) dialog: I'm sorry.     I don't know what that means.
26) 0) text: Charlie hops out of Sam's old truck.    The music blares.
26) 2) dialog: (so eager)
26) 5) text: God, would you turn that down? You're going to make us deaf. Bye, Charlie.
26) 7) dialog: Okay.   Bye. Charlie waves as the truck leaves. The look on his face. The happiness from one night of company.
27) 0) text: Charlie enters the house, excited to tell someone his new He runs up the stairs to find the living room empty. He hears the TV playing downstairs in the basement.
28) 0) text: As Charlie approaches, he hears muffled sounds of fightin
29) 0) text: Charlie enters, wanting to stop the fight. Derek's neck i red. Dangerous angry. Candace keeps digging.
30) 0) text: Charlie sits at his desk. So disturbed. He hears a car start outside. He moves to his window and looks down at Derek and Candace near Derek's mother's Mercedes. Derek i crying. Candace comforts. After a beat... they kiss. Charlie stands frozen, a look creeping across his face.
31) 0) text: The door opens to reveal Charlie's mom and AUNT HELEN entering the house. Aunt Helen carries a suitcase. The children don't know where she's been or why she looks sad They just know they love her. Little Charlie stands at th top of the stairs with his brother and sister in their Su clothes. There are balloons. And streamers.
32) 0) text: Charlie stands at the top of the stairs as Candace enters house. She is startled when she sees Charlie. They whispe
32) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
32) 3) dialog: Like Aunt Helen's boyfriends? A silence passes between them.   Then...
33) 0) text: The Homecoming Dance is in full swing. God bless everyone Especially Charlie. He's alone at the wall, dressed in hi Sunday suit. To us, adorable. To himself, in living hell. Charlie watches his sister, slow dancing with Derek. As happy as she looks, Charlie still isn't sure if he did th right thing by keeping quiet. The song ends to applause. After a beat, Charlie turns away. That's when he sees Sam and Patrick at the punch bowl. We hear the first notes of "Come On, Eileen" by Dexy's Midnight Runners.
33) 6) text: Hey! Without a pause, they grab his hands, and move together i circle. Their own island. After a moment, Sam moves aroun Charlie like a maypole as the whole gym explodes into dan
34) 0) text: The party rages inside this mansion in the rich part of t Patrick and Sam walk up the steps with Charlie tailing.
34) 4) dialog: Are you sure it's okay that I come?
35) 2) text: Charlie... this is a party. The music blasts. Charlie's eyes are our guide. As they walk through the crowd, you can smell it. Stale beer and cigarette smoke. High school parties. The room is packed
35) 6) text: Here, have a seat. Hey, ladies, meet Charlie. Charlie, meet ladies. They shake hands and say their hellos. PATRICK (CONT'D)
35) 7) text: This is Charlie's first party ever. So, I expect nice, meaningful, heartfelt blow jobs from both of you. MARY ELIZABETH
35) 19) dialog: Is that Brad Hays?
35) 21) dialog: But he's a popular kid.
35) 23) text: Then, what are we? Charlie tries to think of something, but he can't.    The turn, ignoring him. Bob approaches with a tray.
35) 25) dialog: Thank you. I was so hungry at the dance. I was going to go to King's, but I didn't really have any time. Thanks. Bob smiles. Mary Elizabeth gives Alice a knowing glance. Charlie bites into the brownie. The icing gushing between his teeth. The image goes up into the smoke like an inhal as he chews and chews and chews.
36) 0) text: After a beat, the music changes, and the image exhales ba down to Charlie, who is now... baked out of his mind. The
36) 3) text: (laughing) Charlie, what do you think about high school? CHARLIE
36) 5) text: This kid is crazy. Charlie looks at Mary Elizabeth with her new wave haircut CHARLIE
36) 12) text: How do you feel, Charlie?
36) 14) dialog: I just really want a milkshake. The entire room explodes with laughter.    Charlie loves people find him so funny.
37) 0) text: Sam takes the ice cream from the freezer to the blender. Charlie watches her make the perfect vanilla milkshake.
37) 1) dialog: Sam, you have such pretty brown eyes, the kind of pretty that deserves to make a big deal about itself. You know what I mean?
37) 3) dialog: What a great word. Milkshake. It's like when you say your name over and over again in the mirror, and after awhile, it sounds crazy.
37) 5) dialog: Me? No. My best friend Michael. His dad was a big drinker. So, he hated all that stuff. Parties, too.
37) 7) dialog: Oh, he shot himself last May. Sam looks up.   Shocked silent.   Charlie is just stoned.
37) 8) dialog: I kind of wish he'd left a note.    You know what I mean? (off her sad nod)
37) 11) dialog: 
38) 0) text: Charlie leaves the bathroom and stops when he sees himsel a large ornate mirror in the hallway.
38) 1) dialog: Charlie.     Charlie.   Weird. Charlie wanders down the hallway, a little lost. He finds the door to the master bedroom and opens it. He sees Patr and Brad Hays... kissing.
38) 2) dialog: Woah.
38) 7) dialog: I didn't see anything.
38) 10) dialog: "Like a cake." That's what Bob said. And how you can't have 3 on a match because they would find us. And everyone laughed, but I don't know what's funny.
38) 13) dialog: Our little secret.     Agreed.
38) 15) dialog: I look forward to that big talk. Patrick laughs, goes back to the room, and closes the doo
39) 0) text: The party has thinned. Sam watches Charlie drink his milkshake obsessively with Alice and Mary Elizabeth.
39) 1) dialog: Isn't this the best milkshake, Alice? It's even better than the first one. Patrick walks downstairs.    Sam motions him over.
39) 3) text: I need to talk to you. Charlie just told me that his best friend shot himself. I don't think he has any friends. Patrick turns to look at Charlie. He feels so bad for the kid. Patrick raises his plastic cup to the remaining crow
39) 5) dialog: What did I do?
39) 7) text: You see things. And you understand. You're a wallflower. Charlie dries his sweaty hands on his pants.     He looks the room at the nods and friendly faces.
39) 9) dialog: 
39) 12) text: To Charlie. They all drink.    Sam approaches him.    A knowing smile
40) 5) dialog: Never.
40) 15) dialog: What is she doing?
40) 22) dialog: I feel infinite.
40) 23) text: The truck flies out of the Fort Pitt Tunnel onto the brid Patrick and Charlie laugh as Sam raises her arms. Free an young and alive on the greatest night of Charlie's life.
41) 0) text: We see Charlie proudly put a Smiths poster on his wall ne to photos of his new friends. He dances to his desk, listening to Air Supply's "All Out of Love" on his Walkma
41) 2) dialog: Dear Friend, I'm sorry I haven't written for awhile, but I've been trying hard not to be a loser. As the lyrics begin, Charlie unabashedly lip-synchs...
41) 4) dialog: For example, I am trying to participate by listening to Sam's collection of big rock ballads and thinking about love. Sam says they are kitschy and brilliant. I completely agree.
42) 0) text: As the students file out, Charlie hands his paper to Bill exchange for a beat up copy of The Great Gatsby.
42) 1) dialog: I am also studying extra books outside of class. As it turns out, Mr. Anderson is a writer. He even had a play put up in New York once, which I think is very impressive. He and his wife might go back there after this year. I know this is selfish, but I really hope he doesn't. Charlie pauses in the doorway and turns back to look at B
43) 0) text: Charlie turns from the lunch line with The Great Gatsby o his tray. He looks at the gang at their table. He sits wi them as they debate the design of this month's fanzine.
43) 1) dialog: My favorite time, though, is lunch because I get to see Sam and Patrick. We spend the time working on Mary Elizabeth's fanzine about music and The Rocky Horror Picture Show. It's called Punk Rocky. Mary Elizabeth is really interesting because she is a Buddhist and a punk, but somehow she always acts like my father at the end of a "long day."
44) 1) dialog: Her best friend Alice loves vampires and wants to go to film school. She also steals jeans from the mall. I don't know why because her family is rich, but I'm trying not to be judgemental. Especially since I know how they were all there for Patrick last year. Patrick never likes to be serious, so it took me awhile to get what happened. Sam and Alice laugh when Patrick begins stapling Mary Elizabeth's fanzines to within an inch of their life. [Note: The following sequence will come from Charlie's PO Patrick and Brad's activities over a weekend.]
45) 0) text: Brad Hays leads the football team through the banner onto field as Charlie, Patrick, and Sam cheer. Moments later, Brad pulls his helmet on and rushes onto the field.
45) 1) dialog: When he was a junior, Patrick started seeing Brad on the weekends in secret. I guess it was hard, too, because Brad had to get drunk every time they fooled around.
46) 1) dialog: Then, Monday in school, Brad would say, "Man, I was so wasted. I don't remember a thing." This went on for 7 months.
47) 0) text: Charlie sits with his family in itchy church clothes. He turns to see Brad with his father and mother. Proper fami Brad's dad gives him a pat on the back.
47) 1) dialog: When they finally did it, Brad said he loved Patrick. Then, he started to cry.
47) 3) dialog: saying his dad would kill him. And saying he was going to hell.
48) 1) dialog: Patrick was eventually able to help Brad get sober. I asked Patrick if he felt sad that he had to keep it a secret, and he said no because at least now, Brad doesn't have to get drunk to love him. Brad sits down with his football pals. Patrick joins Char and Sam at their table. Charlie looks over at Sam, studyi hard for her SAT's.
48) 2) dialog: I think that I understand because I really like Sam. I asked my sister about her, and she said that when Sam was a freshman, the upper classmen used to get her drunk at parties. I guess she had a reputation. But I don't care. I'd hate for her to judge me based on what I used to be like.
49) 0) text: We see Charlie making a mix tape on his boom box.
49) 1) dialog: So, I've been making her a mix tape so she will know how I feel. The two cassettes run. The song is just about to finish when... the side runs out of tape and snaps off.
49) 2) dialog: Ah, shit!
52) 0) text: The movie is in full swing. Charlie watches Sam as Janet the Floor Show. Sam mimics Susan Sarandon perfectly. Especially the body. She winks at Charlie as "Fanfare/Don Dream It" begins and arriving regally as Frank 'n Furter full drag is... Patrick.
53) 0) text: We hear the chorus of "Don't Dream It, Be It" as Charlie watches all of the exciting cast members at the after-sho party. Charlie sees a photo of Sam's naked back on the wa of Craig's loft. Very arty. Very black &amp; white. Charl lust (and guilt) are now at 11. Alice looks at the photo.
54) 0) text: Charlie sees Sam alone on the loft steps. She looks a lit down. He hands Sam a plastic cup and sits next to her.
54) 1) dialog: Hey.    Are you okay?
54) 3) dialog: You can take them again.
54) 5) dialog: I'll help you study for the next one.
54) 7) dialog: Yeah, of course.
54) 11) dialog: Just a mix tape. No big deal. My parents have a pretty good stereo. It's all about that night in the tunnel. I couldn't find that song we were listening to, but I'm still searching for it, so--
54) 13) dialog: Really?
54) 15) dialog: No.
54) 17) dialog: (devastated in love)
55) 0) text: The tape revolves in the stereo, playing a beautiful ball Charlie watches Sam sway to his music like a serenade. Li she is dancing with him. But she isn't. A wider angle reveals that she is slow dancing with... Craig. Charlie is 15 year old CRUSHED. No filter. Just feeling. Patrick, Alice, and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the r
55) 9) dialog: Yeah.
56) 0) text: In a mirror image, Candace hugs on Derek near the lockers Charlie closes his own locker and moves down the hall.
57) 0) text: The bell rings.    Charlie sets down his On the Road pape
57) 3) dialog: Mr. Anderson... can I ask you something?
57) 5) dialog: Why do nice people choose the wrong people to date?
57) 8) dialog: Can we make them know they deserve more?
58) 0) text: Charlie waits nervously at a booth. He sees Sam enter. He fixes his hair, then pretends to read his SAT PREP BOOK.
58) 2) dialog: Hey, Sam. I didn't see you come in.     You want to work on probabilities and statistics? Sam nods. They open their books, and a Christmas song begins. In a quick passage of time, we see them study nex to Halloween decorations. Then, Thanksgiving. And finally Christmas decorations.
59) 0) text: The song continues. Charlie's mom and sister hang the Christmas ornaments as Charlie helps his dad find that "o
59) 2) dialog: Hey, dad.    Can I have 30 dollars?
59) 5) dialog: Sam is doing secret santa. It's her favorite thing in the world. Please. Charlie's father reaches into his pocket and hands Charli bill. It's a fifty. Dad winks, in a great mood.
59) 7) dialog: Thanks.
60) 0) text: Lockers are opened by Charlie. Sam. Patrick. Wrapped gift are deposited. Mischief smiles. Lockers closed. Everyone loves getting their presents except Charlie - who got soc
61) 0) text: Bill hands Charlie a well worn copy of The Catcher in the Rye. He smiles.
61) 2) dialog: Thanks.
61) 4) dialog: You too, Mr. Anderson.
63) 0) text: The song continues as Patrick holds up the grade. C minus Charlie and Sam cheer as Patrick screams at the top of hi lungs...
65) 0) text: Charlie carries Sam on his shoulders past the Christmas T Sam wears a Santa Hat like a hot elf.
65) 6) text: I'm so touched. Alice laughs. Patrick pours everyone brandy.    The kids ridiculous, but they don't feel ridiculous. CHARLIE
65) 8) text: He went home to Connecticut.    He'll be back for New Year's Eve. CHARLIE
65) 9) text: I'm sorry we won't be seeing him tonight. Sam nods, then turns. Charlie is delighted. No Craig. kids settle in the living room in front of the fire. SAM
65) 11) text: I'll tell you, Sam. This one's tough. I have received a harmonica, a magnetic poetry set, a book about Harvey Milk, and a mix with the song "Asleep" on it... twice. Charlie starts snickering.    He can't help himself. PATRICK (CONT'D)
65) 12) text: I mean, I have no idea. This collection of presents is so gay that I think I must have given them to myself. But despite that distinct possibility, I'm going to have to go with... drum roll... Charlie.
65) 14) text: Alright, Charlie... it's your turn. Charlie and Patrick switch places.       Charlie stands. CHARLIE
65) 16) text: Huh.   Now, why do you say that? CHARLIE
65) 18) text: What the hell is wrong with you? CHARLIE
65) 20) text: Well, you'll be surprised to know that your secret santa is actually... me. CHARLIE
65) 22) text: Because all the great writers used to wear great suits. Your last present is on a towel rack in the bathroom. Delve into our facilities. Emerge a star. Charlie gives Sam a sack of presents. CHARLIE
65) 24) text: Wait a second. There's only secret santa presents. There are rules, Charlie. PATRICK
66) 0) text: The door opens.   Sam and Charlie walk into the dark room
66) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
66) 5) text: Thanks. Sam points to a green box with a red ribbon on her desk. CHARLIE
66) 7) text: With all that help on my Penn State application? Of course I did. Open it. Charlie lifts up the box to reveal an OLD MANUAL TYPEWRIT CHARLIE
66) 10) text: I'm sorry we can't be here for your birthday. CHARLIE
66) 12) text: I'm in such a great mood, I don't think even he could ruin it. I feel like I'm finally doing good. CHARLIE
66) 14) text: Me? What about you? When I met you, you were this scared freshman. And look at you in that suit. You're like a sexy English school boy. I saw Mary Elizabeth checking you out. CHARLIE
66) 17) text: Innocent. Worst kind of guys. Never see you coming. And parents love you. That's like... extra danger. CHARLIE
66) 20) text: Have you ever kissed a girl? CHARLIE
66) 22) text: Have I ever kissed a girl? CHARLIE
66) 24) text: My first kiss? I was 11. His name was Robert. He would come over to the house all the time. CHARLIE
66) 26) text: He was my dad's boss. Charlie goes silent. SAM (CONT'D)
66) 27) text: You know Charlie, I used to sleep with guys who treated me like shit. And get wasted all the time. But now... I feel like I have a chance. I could even get into a real college.
66) 28) dialog: It's true.     You can do it.
66) 31) dialog: My Aunt... she had that same thing done to her, too. And she turned her life around.
66) 33) dialog: She was my favorite person in the world... until now. Sam smiles.   She's very moved.
66) 36) dialog: I love you, too.
67) 0) text: The porch lights are as golden as Charlie feels right now We see the girls wave to each other and hug Sam.
67) 2) dialog: Have a good time at your mom's.
67) 5) dialog: Thank you, Patrick. Sam gives Charlie one last hug.       Patrick and Sam wat friends leave.
68) 0) text: We fly as high as Charlie feels.      Above the city on C Eve.
69) 0) text: The front door opens, revealing Charlie's dad.
71) 0) text: The wind blows out a candle in one of the luminaria bags. The suburb is quiet. Not a creature is stirring. Except.. Charlie. He fills a brown paper bag with    sand and a ca He lights the candle, making the bag glow   like a beauti lantern. He looks down his street, where    families are with their kids, doing the same luminaria   ritual.
73) 0) text: Charlie hovers over the glowing luminaria.   Something is bothering him. He shakes it off.
74) 0) text: Charlie wanders through the quiet house. He turns the cor where he finds Chris sitting at the table. He's lit by a couple of candles and the blinking lights of the Christma Tree. He's surrounded by leftovers. Charlie sits.
74) 1) dialog: Hey. Chris chews and swallows.      Famished.   They both whis
74) 3) dialog: How are you liking school?
74) 5) dialog: Okay?    You're playing in a Bowl Game. Chris laughs. Charlie smiles.      A moment passes. changes his tone. Cautious.
74) 7) dialog: Good.
74) 9) dialog: No.
74) 11) dialog: I'm not picturing things anymore. And when I do, I can just shut it off.
74) 15) dialog: Yeah. Especially Sam. I'm going to ask her out at New Years. I think the time is right now. Chris smiles at his kid brother.   We hear the church org
75) 0) text: The family moves down the line to receive Holy Communion Christmas Mass. Charlie's father, then mother, then siste take the sacrament. Charlie is next. The PRIEST makes the motion of the cross with the communion wafer. He places i in Charlie's hand. Charlie brings the sacrament to his mo with his fingers...
76) 0) text: We move in closer to Charlie's fingers in his mouth. When takes his hand out, we see... a tab of LSD. The church or is now a rock organ. And it's now... New Year's Eve. Charlie closes his mouth. He looks down the hall of the smoky room where Craig has his arm around Sam. Charlie tu to Mary Elizabeth, who's also dosed.
76) 1) dialog: How long does this take to work?
77) 0) text: About 45 minutes. The sound is muted thick. Slight echoes Charlie shovels the snow. Crunch. Fascinated by his breat making fog. Sam comes outside. She's worried about him.
77) 2) dialog: I have to get this driveway clean. Then, I have to congratulate you for being happy because you deserve it.
77) 4) dialog: Was that tonight? God. I was looking at this tree, but it was a dragon, and then
77) 8) dialog: Sam, you ever think that if people knew how crazy you really were, no one would ever talk to you?
78) 0) text: Charlie wanders through the party, tripping out of his mi He sits down on the sofa. The world unbends as Charlie ta off the glasses. Kids walk around the party, leaving ghos of themselves behind. Charlie looks upstairs to find... Sam and Craig kissing. Craig leads her to the bedroom. Charlie looks back at the party as kids gather for the Ne Years countdown. Patrick leads the charge.
79) 0) text: In a QUICK FLASH, we see 7 year old Charlie with Aunt Hel on Christmas Eve. She bends to whisper in his ear.
80) 0) text: We are BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie takes a deep breath and tries to remember that he's at a New Year's party.
81) 0) text: Charlie walks down the road under a streetlight. Silhouet The road is icy. Charlie lays down and starts moving his arms in the snow. The memories begin to haunt him.
82) 0) text: 7 year old Charlie waves goodbye to Aunt Helen as she dri away through the landing strip for Santa Claus.
83) 0) text: 16 year old Charlie blinks.   The memories come faster.
84) 0) text: Aunt Helen drives past a tall snow drift. She looks down the 45 of The Beatles in the seat next to her. She smiles Charlie's birthday present. Then, she looks up as the headlights of the semi truck smash the windows with a CRA
85) 0) text: Charlie's mother opens the door, revealing a POLICEMAN. H turns to Charlie in his party hat. 7 years old and confus
86) 0) text: 16 year old Charlie lays on the snow, shivering, as the i goes high above to reveal he's made a snow angel.
87) 0) text: The Emergency room is bustling on New Year's Day. Charlie looks up as the POLICE, DOCTORS, and his PARENTS tower ov him. He is terrified and does what any kid would do. He lies his ass off.
87) 2) dialog: No one pressured me into anything. I would never do drugs, officer. Never.
87) 5) dialog: Well, um... I was really tired, and uh... I was feeling feverish. So, I went outside for a walk, just to get some cold air. And I started seeing things. So, I passed out. He waits to see if this worked.    And then, unexpectedly
87) 7) text: You're seeing things again, Charlie?
87) 8) dialog: (oops)
89) 0) text: Charlie shakes off the cold, then takes off his overcoat reveal... he's wearing his suit from Secret Santa. All th kids stare. Charlie realizes he made a terrible mistake.
89) 1) dialog: It was a Christmas present.
90) 0) text: Charlie sits as Bill hands out the book for the semester. The Great Gatsby. As the kids chatter, Bill gives Charlie his own book to start the year... The Stranger.
90) 1) dialog: Did you have fun on your break?
92) 2) dialog: But they said in health class--
92) 4) dialog: Are you sure?
92) 8) text: No way. There are people out here. The group is deflated. They all start thinking.        Af beat, Mary Elizabeth looks at Charlie.
93) 0) text: You know those dreams you have when you are standing in f of 200 people in your underwear? Well, this is no dream. We hear a heart beat as Charlie dances out of the Rocky g and finds himself standing in tight gold underwear, looki out at 200 people, cheering him on. His friends can't stop smiling. Especially Mary Elizabeth who watches Charlie's little butt in the gold undies. She
94) 0) text: "Touch-A, Touch-A, Touch Me" is in full swing. Sam slinks over to Charlie dressed in her white bra and slip.
94) 2) text: So if anything grows while you pose. I'll oil you up and drop you down. And that's just one small fraction of the main attraction. You need a friendly hand. And I need action! Sam grabs Charlie's hands and rubs them all over her ches
95) 0) text: The wind whips. That bracing February cold. Charlie helps Mary Elizabeth carry the costumes outside to her car.
95) 1) dialog: Maybe I could join the cast as an alternate or something?
95) 3) dialog: That'd be great. Thanks. They put the box in her trunk. Snap it closed. We can't help but notice the "Keep Your Laws Off My Body" bumper sticker as Mary Elizabeth tries her best to flirt.
95) 6) dialog: The one where the girl asks the guy.
95) 8) dialog: You want to go with me?
96) 0) text: Ding dong. Charlie's mom opens the door for MARY ELIZABET Charlie straightens out his church suit. So nervous.
96) 4) text: Charlie tells me you're a Buddhist.
97) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth stand next to Candace and Dere
98) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to an 80's love son Sweaty palms. Awkward. Hands on hips. Horror. Charlie looks around the gym. He sees Alice dancing with date, an EFFEMINATE GOTH KID (17). We'll never meet him, he'll make us laugh once. Charlie then watches Patrick dance with Sam. He follows Patrick's gaze across the floor to Brad, who dances with SENIOR GIRL (18). Charlie sees the boys look at each othe For one moment, it's like they're dancing together.
99) 1) dialog: Are you having a good time?
99) 3) dialog: I don't know. This is my first date, so I don't know what to compare it to.
99) 5) dialog: I'm sorry Craig didn't come.
99) 7) dialog: I don't know. If you like it, he should come.
99) 9) dialog: I'll try not to make you too jealous.
100) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth approaches Charlie on the antique sofa. Sh uncorks a bottle of wine. POP! She hands him the bottle.
100) 2) dialog: This is sure a nice house.
100) 5) text: Good. Because I made you a mix of it. I'd love to expose you to great things. Like Billie Holiday and foreign films. She pours the wine.   Charlie looks at the bottle.
100) 6) dialog: This merlot is really fancy.
100) 8) dialog: I guess.    Where are your parents?
100) 10) dialog: That's sure a nice fire.
100) 13) dialog: Yeah. She reaches out and touches his chest.
100) 15) dialog: Is it?
100) 18) dialog: Uh-huh?
100) 20) dialog: Uh-huh.
100) 22) dialog: I think so.
101) 0) text: For a quick moment, Charlie imagines he is kissing Sam. Broken by...
102) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth moves his hand away. Charlie blinks, takin moment to realize Sam's not the one in the room. The song over. The needle turns at the end of the record.
102) 3) dialog: Yeah.
103) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth's car pulls in front of Charlie's house. Charlie gets out. Wanting to say he's not her boyfriend. Not knowing how. Mary Elizabeth smiles. Smitten.
103) 2) dialog: Dear Friend... I'm sorry I haven't written for awhile, but things are a total disaster.
104) 0) text: Sam, Patrick, and Alice are seated around the table. Mary Elizabeth has her arms around Charlie. Smothering him.
104) 2) dialog: I probably should have been honest about how I didn't want to go out with Mary Elizabeth after Sadie's, but I really didn't want to hurt her feelings.
105) 0) text: Ash Wednesday. Charlie gets out of the school bus to immediately find Mary Elizabeth waiting for him. She sees the cross of ashes on his forehead. She thinks his ashes a smudge. She cleans it.
105) 1) dialog: You see, Mary Elizabeth is a really nice person underneath the part of her that hates everyone. And since I heard that having a girlfriend makes you happy, I tried hard to love her like I love Sam.
105) 3) dialog: I know.
106) 1) dialog: So, I took her on double dates.
106) 4) dialog: 
106) 7) dialog: And I tried not to mind that she loves to hold hands even when her hands are sweaty.
107) 0) text: Just like Sadie's except... the fire in the fireplace is We move from the fireplace to Charlie, touching Mary Elizabeth's breasts over her sweater.
107) 1) dialog: And I had to admit something really upsetting. But I am tired of touching her boobs. I thought maybe if she would just let me pick the make-out music once in awhile, we might have a chance. Charlie looks at the Ani DiFranco Mix on the stereo.   Si
108) 0) text: The gang is there.   Walden rests on Charlie's lunch tray
108) 1) dialog: And maybe if she didn't put down the books that Mr. Anderson gives me.
109) 0) text: Ring! Charlie grabs the cordless. He looks at Patrick's clock. 3:13pm. His voice can no longer hide his quiet rag
109) 1) dialog: Or if she would stop calling me the minute I get home from school when I have absolutely nothing to talk about other than the bus ride home...
110) 0) text: Charlie is so miserable.   His mom is sympathetic.
110) 2) dialog: I can do that? Charlie's father leans back from the sofa and his newspap
111) 2) dialog: I know I should have been honest, but I was getting so mad, it was starting to scare me. He looks back at the clock.   3:23pm.
111) 3) dialog: Um... Mary Elizabeth. Can I talk to you--
111) 5) dialog: I just wish I could have found another way to break up. In hindsight, I probably could not have picked a worse way to be honest with Mary Elizabeth.
112) 0) text: Truth or dare. The gang is seated in a circle, drinking f plastic cups. Charlie sits between Mary Elizabeth and Sam
112) 7) text: Thank you. (re: Charlie) This one still hasn't gotten me flowers. (to Charlie) But I forgive you. She kisses him. Charlie bites his cheeks.    Sam looks a little depressed. CRAIG
112) 9) text: Excuse me, everyone, but you're missing some hot "fag on goth" action. Anticipation. Patrick is getting ready to plant the bigge kiss on Alice when she jumps him. Everyone groans. Ew! Laughter. Patrick looks for the next person. Charlie's heart pounds. Don't pick me! Please! PATRICK (CONT'D)
112) 10) text: Okay. My turn. Um... let's think... Charlie... truth or dare? Silence.   Thinking.   Finally...
112) 11) dialog: Truth. PATRICK
112) 14) dialog: It's so bad that I keep fantasizing that one of us is dying of cancer, so I don't have to break up with her.
112) 16) dialog: Dare.
112) 19) dialog: Mary Elizabeth, I'm sorry.     I'm-- Alice follows Mary Elizabeth.    Sam is close behind.
112) 20) dialog: Sam?! Sam! I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. I'm sorry. Sam turns and looks at him.    She doesn't even recognize
113) 0) text: They move to the driveway.     Charlie feels awful.   Pan
113) 1) dialog: 
113) 4) dialog: But, I... I'm sorry... I didn't mean to do anything.
113) 6) dialog: (crushed)
113) 7) text: Oh. Okay. How long do you think? Silence. Charlie looks over at Patrick, who wears a grave expression. It's going to be a long time. We hear the sou of the typewriter.
114) 0) text: Charlie sits at his desk. It looks like he's barely slept He begins typing. The keys up close and loud. Clak. CLOSE UP TYPING: "Dear friend, I have not seen my friends 2 weeks now. I am starting to get bad again." Charlie stares at the typewriter.    And remembers.
115) 0) text: Little Charlie pops his head around the corner from the hallway. He looks at something we can't see yet.
116) 0) text: Present.   Knock.   Knock.   Charlie's mom opens the door
116) 2) dialog: I'll... I'll be there in a minute.
117) 0) text: Little Charlie looks at Aunt Helen as she smokes her cigarette and sobs.
118) 0) text: Charlie is lost. His family sits in the pews for Easter Mass. Charlie watches the PRIEST recite the Lord's prayer
119) 0) text: 7 year old Charlie watches the PRIEST recite the Lord's prayer. He looks at Aunt Helen's picture on the coffin.
120) 0) text: 16 year old Charlie looks haunted by the memory.
121) 0) text: 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand to make her st crying.
122) 0) text: 16 year old Charlie blinks as the voices come back.
123) 0) text: Charlie on the phone.     His voice wavers a bit.     Des
123) 1) dialog: Mary Elizabeth... I... uh... I've been listening to the Billie Holiday CD every night and--
123) 3) dialog: I know. I just feel really bad about what I did. I just get so messed up inside like I'm - not there or something.
123) 5) dialog: I know. I'm sorry. I just.     We've all become such good friends--
123) 7) dialog: Oh. Yeah. I mean I don't want to do anything to ruin our--
123) 9) dialog: Okay.   I will. Goodbye, Mar--
123) 10) text: Dial tone.    Charlie hangs up the phone.
124) 0) text: Charlie is terribly anxious.   He watches Bob groom some
124) 1) dialog: Something's wrong with me--
124) 3) dialog: No.   He told me to stay away.
124) 5) dialog: (concerned)
125) 0) text: As kids open lockers and move to morning period, Charlie stares at Brad. He has a black eye and cuts on his face. look like he was beaten up badly. Students whisper gossip
125) 2) dialog: Are you okay?
126) 0) text: Charlie sits at his table, alone. He watches Patrick leav the lunch line, passing a chorus of...
126) 24) dialog: (icy calm) If you touch my friends again, I'll blind you.
127) 0) text: Charlie sits in the waiting room of the principal's offic He looks through the glass where Principal Small talks to Brad. After a beat, she pats Brad's shoulder and opens th door. Leaving Charlie and Brad alone in the waiting room. Just as Brad is about to leave...
127) 2) dialog: Yeah?
127) 4) dialog: Sure, Brad.
128) 0) text: Charlie exits the building. Kids stare at him. Then, look away. Charlie feels very lost until he sees... Sam. She smiles. It brings him back instantly. And then, gently...
128) 2) dialog: I don't know. I keep trying, but... I can't really remember what I did.
128) 6) dialog: (scared)
128) 9) dialog: So, you're not scared of me?
128) 11) dialog: And can we be friends again?
129) 3) dialog: I'm just glad you're happy.
129) 10) dialog: Sure, Patrick.
131) 0) text: Charlie and Patrick walk the lighted path, howling at the moon. Patrick holds a thermos, filled with who knows what
131) 2) dialog: (laughing)
131) 5) dialog: I don't know.
131) 7) text: Really? I thought your brother would have told you. It's a classic. CHARLIE
131) 9) text: So, Lily comes here with this guy Parker. And this was going to be the night they were going to lose their virginity. So, she did it really proper. She packed a picnic. Stole a bottle of wine. Everything was perfect, and they're just about to 'do it' when they realize they forgot the condoms. So, what do you think happened? CHARLIE
131) 11) text: They did it with one of the sandwich bags. They start laughing and screaming. CHARLIE
131) 13) text: Yes! It is! Let's keep the train rolling. Suburban legends. Charlie! Patrick points to Charlie, who thinks... CHARLIE
131) 15) text: Mosquito bites. Promising.     Go. CHARLIE
131) 17) text: That's your suburban legend?     Did you at least cop a feel? CHARLIE
131) 20) text: Of course not. You went home, listened to "Asleep," wrote a poem about her self- esteem-- CHARLIE
131) 21) text: Fine!    Okay. Your turn. Patrick walks over and sits down next to Charlie. PATRICK
131) 23) text: Why can't you save anybody? CHARLIE
131) 26) dialog: Yeah. Patrick looks at him. Charlie has never seen him so vulnerable. After a beat... Patrick kisses Charlie on the mouth. Unsure of what to do, Charlie lets it happen. His eyes open the whole time. A moment, then Patrick looks at Charlie. He collapses into his chest.
132) 1) dialog: I've been spending a lot of time with Patrick. He begins every night really excited.
133) 0) text: Patrick and Charlie are parked at the entrance of Schenle Park. Patrick speaks, very animated, until...
133) 1) dialog: He always says he feels free, and tonight is his destiny. But after awhile, he runs out of things to keep himself numb. ... the words leave him, and we can see how sad he really
134) 1) dialog: Then, Sam got her letter from Penn State. Sam opens the letter. She reads. Tears instantly well up her eyes. She leaves the room and walks down the hall. Patrick picks up the letter.
134) 3) text: "We will require you to take our summer session at the main campus immediately following your high school graduation." (off Charlie's look)
134) 4) text: She got in, Charlie. Charlie turns back to Sam.   She holds him with sweet rel and redemption.
135) 0) text: Charlie laughs with his friends in the cafeteria.
135) 1) dialog: After that all Patrick could talk about
135) 3) dialog: did get into NYU Film School. Patrick is going to the University of Washington because he wants to be near the music in Seattle.
136) 0) text: Charlie and a group of students stand, looking up at the wall, which is covered with...
136) 1) dialog: But he wasn't going to leave without organizing the best senior prank ever. ... All The Shop Tools Painted Pink The shop teacher, Mr. Callahan stares at the wall, furiou As the students gawk, Charlie smiles to himself.
137) 1) dialog: Sam is going to leave right after graduation. It all feels very exciting; I just wish it were happening to me.
138) 0) text: Charlie sits on his bed, finishing the letter.
138) 1) dialog: Especially because ever since I blacked out in the cafeteria, it's been getting worse. And I can't turn it off this time. Charlie puts down the letter.
140) 0) text: The last kids exit the classroom. Charlie walks down the aisle and stands in front of Bill.
140) 2) dialog: Yeah. So, uh, I know it's none of my business, but have you decided... are you going to New York?
140) 5) dialog: Yeah.   Yeah.
140) 7) dialog: (fragile belief)
140) 11) dialog: You're the best teacher I ever had.
141) 0) text: Times Square has nothing on these seniors. Charlie watche the gang on their last day of high school. When the clock hits 10 seconds to 3pm, all the students chant... SAM &amp; COMPANY
142) 1) dialog: Dear Friend... I wanted to tell you about us running. There was this beautiful sunset. And just a few hours before, everyone I love had their last day of high school ever. And I was happy because they were happy, even though I counted, and I have 1,095 days to go.
143) 0) text: Prom night. Charlie sees Candace posing for Dad's camera. For a moment, we think Candace went to prom with Derek.
143) 1) dialog: I kept thinking about what school was going to be like without them as they
143) 3) dialog: My sister finally decided to break up with Derek and go stag with her girlfriends instead.
144) 0) text: Prom night continues. The antique limo is so garish, it's great. Charlie snaps pictures with Sam's mom and Patrick' dad. Mary Elizabeth is with her boyfriend, Peter. Alice stands with Patrick, dashing in his Mod Suit Tux.
144) 1) dialog: And then there was Sam... The image moves to the front of the house, where Sam emer She wears a vintage flapper dress from the 20's. Radiant.
144) 2) dialog: I've looked at her pictures since that night. I like to see how happy she was before she knew. Sam joins Craig. They kiss for the cameras, then run with the rest of the gang to the limosine.
144) 3) dialog: They were in a hotel suite after prom when the truth came out... The gang poses for more pictures in front of the limo.
144) 4) dialog: Basically, Craig has been cheating on Sam the whole time. When I heard that, I kept thinking about the happy girl in these pictures. Because she doesn't have 1,095 days to go.
145) 0) text: Graduation Day. The place is packed with graduating senio and families. Charlie's mom and dad fawn over Candace wit the video camera. Charlie finally finds... Sam.
145) 1) dialog: She made it. This is her time. And no one should be able to take that away. They approach each other and hug.
145) 3) dialog: Congratulations.
146) 0) text: The grandfather clock reads 9:30pm. The room is festive under streamers wishing Sam luck at Penn State. The kids sign each other's yearbooks. Charlie sees Sam smile at ol photos. He misses her already.
146) 1) dialog: At her going away party, I wanted her to know about that night we went through the tunnel. And how for the first time, I felt like I belonged somewhere.
147) 0) text: 10:28pm. Charlie doesn't know where the time keeps going. Sam opens goodbye presents from her friends.
147) 1) dialog: And tomorrow, she's leaving. So, I wanted to give her a part of me. Charlie watches Sam pick up his present. She carefully pe the tape to reveal that Charlie gave her all of his books
148) 0) text: The pictures are down. The dressers empty. The suitcase i open on the bed. Charlie watches Sam fold clothes and put them in her suitcase. He has promised himself he will not cry. Even when she packs away his Beatles 45 of "Somethin Instead, he looks at her and tries to remember every deta Her hair and brown eyes and sound of her voice.
148) 2) dialog: Sure. My brother said Penn State has a restaurant called Ye Olde College Diner. You have to get a grilled stickie on your first night. It's a tradition.
148) 4) dialog: Yeah. Pretty soon, you'll have a whole new group of friends, and you won't even think about this place anymore.
148) 7) dialog: Yeah?
148) 9) dialog: We accept the love we think we deserve. He says it sober. Without judgement. Sam lets it sink in. Charlie walks over to the bed to do more packing. Then, s turns to him.
148) 12) dialog: I, uh, I just didn't think you wanted that.
148) 14) dialog: I just want you to be happy.
148) 16) dialog: I know who you are, Sam. Sam waits.    And Charlie finally speaks from the heart.
148) 17) dialog: I know I'm quiet, and I know I should speak more, but if you knew the things that were in my head most of the time, you'd know what it really meant. How much we are alike. And how we've been through the same things. And you're not small. You're beautiful. He can't contain himself anymore. He moves to her and kis her. They stand. Move to the bed. Kissing. Charlie's heart pounds. They sit on the bed. Still kissing. We see her fingertips. Her hand on Charlie's knee. When s touches him, Charlie pulls away from her. Shocked. Like he's seen a ghost. It hits Charlie like freezing water.
148) 19) dialog: Oh, ah... nothing. Charlie shakes off whatever was bothering him and continu
149) 0) text: It's like a dream for Charlie. He watches Sam hug Alice a Mary Elizabeth goodbye. But Charlie is somewhere else.
150) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers kissing Sam the night before. Her hand touches Charlie's knee.
151) 0) text: Charlie snaps himself out of it. He turns back as Mary Elizabeth and Alice part ways. Charlie locks eyes with Sa They take a moment. And then they come together to hug. S kisses him goodbye, trying not to cry. After a moment, Sam climbs into the driver's seat of her truck with Patrick riding shotgun. Charlie looks dazed.
152) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers pulling away from Sam. Shocked. Like he's seen a ghost.
153) 0) text: Sam starts the truck. Charlie wants to scream for her to stop. But he's frozen. She drives away. He watches her go The truck gets smaller in the distance until it turns at stop sign. And disappears. Charlie stands there, alone.
154) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers the night with Sam. We s her put her hand on his knee. The image moves up the arm. To the shoulder. To the face. And we reveal, we are not i Sam's bedroom. And it is not Sam touching Charlie. But... Aunt Helen
155) 0) text: The memory only registers as a small blink of his eye. Charlie sees his friends are crying. He's not. He's numb.
156) 0) text: Charlie walks down the street. His eyes far away. The images and memories are short, violent bursts. If you've never had an anxiety attack, this is how it feels.
157) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. It's Christmas Eve.       Aunt Helen smiles Little Charlie.
157) 2) text: Little Charlie nods.
158) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie walks toward us on the sidewalk. We see him through a long lens. His image fractures. We s him in different planes of the image. He's beginning to break apart. One image. Two images.
159) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Little Candace is asleep on the floor.     A Helen sits next to Little Charlie on the sofa.
160) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. We see Charlie fracturing. The pieces scattered. Out of focus. Lost. He's all over the frame.
162) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT.   Charlie enters his house.
164) 0) text: QUICK FLASH.   Little Charlie's mom opens the door to rev policeman.
165) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie is in the same entry hall in the same house 8 years later. Banging his head against the wa "It's my fault. It's all my fault." He passes the photo wall on the stairs. We see the images the family. Church. Communion. Baby pictures. Years of history staring at us. Ghosts on the wall.
166) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie sits at his desk. We see him fro behind. Perfectly still. Trying to keep himself calm.
166) 1) dialog: Stop crying.
167) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Charlie thinks everyone is staring at him. H sister and her friends. His brother and mother. Mary Elizabeth and Alice. And worst of all... Sam and Patrick night they toasted him. A paranoid nightmare.
168) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT.   Charlie's falling to pieces.   The tea down his face.
168) 1) dialog: Stop crying.
169) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Derek hits Candace.   Patrick hits Brad. cafeteria erupts into violence. And Charlie remembers what he's blacked out. We see him in the cafeteria. Terrifying. He thinks he see Aunt Helen as he breaks the Linebacker's nose. Hits anoth in the throat. And pushes another. Charlie looks at his hand, covered in blood. The whole school staring at him.
170) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie holds his head. Trying to stuff the pictures back in his brain. But he can't. They keep coming and coming, faster and faster. Sam's hand, Little Charlie on top of the stairs, the police telling him Aunt Helen is dead.
170) 1) dialog: It'll be our little secret. We go behind his head. The image moves closer and closer. Until it feels like we are inside Charlie's mind.
171) 4) dialog: Hey, Candace.
171) 6) dialog: Sam and Patrick left, and um, I just can't stop thinking something.
171) 8) dialog: Candace, I killed Aunt Helen, didn't I? She died getting my birthday present, so I guess I killed her, right? I've tried to stop thinking that, but I can't. She keeps driving away and dying over and over.
171) 11) dialog: And I can't stop her.   I'm crazy again.
171) 13) dialog: I was just thinking... what if I wanted her to die, Candace?
172) 0) text: We begin in the house. It's silent. The hallway. The entr hall. The empty bedroom. Charlie's typewriter on his desk
173) 0) text: Kitchen.   One room. Charlie doesn't know where he is anymore.   The past and present have bled together. QUICK FLASH. We see Little Charlie turn the corner into t kitchen. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year old Charlie stands in the same kitchen, breathing shallow. QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie walks up to Aunt Helen sitting at the kitchen table. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year Charlie begins to have a full blown anxiety attack. QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand a turns it over... to reveal her wrist scars. BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie looks from the table to the counter with the bread and the KNIVES. He stares at the knives for a moment. Just as... The Policemen break down the door.
174) 0) text: We see Charlie's reflection in the window. The door opens slowly, and his psychiatrist, Dr. Burton, enters. She fin him sitting in the corner. He has been crying.
174) 2) dialog: Where am I?
174) 4) dialog: You have to let me go.    My dad can't afford it.
174) 10) text: Seeing what, Charlie? Charlie breaks. CHARLIE
174) 12) text: What's hurting you? CHARLIE
174) 13) text: No! Not me. It's them. It's everyone. It never stops. Do you understand? Dr. Burton smiles, sympathetic. Charlie nods, relieved th someone finally understands. Until... DR. BURTON
174) 14) text: What about your Aunt Helen? Like cold water. What was tears is now confusion and soon be shame. Dr. Burton is gentle to him. CHARLIE
174) 16) text: Can you see her? CHARLIE
174) 18) text: You said some things about her in your sleep. CHARLIE
174) 22) dialog: She was... insane. The minute he says one word of truth, he feels ashamed. H stops talking. Dr. Burton does not press him. Not today.
174) 24) dialog: Okay.
174) 26) dialog: I, uh... I remember leaving Sam's house, and walking home... We move away from them as Charlie's voice trails off.
175) 0) text: The sun creeps through the windows. We can hear birds outside. The intercom is quiet. Charlie is alone. He look at Sam's typewriter. "Dear Friend" is already typed.
175) 1) dialog: I was in the hospital for awhile. I won't go into detail about all of it. But I will say there were some very bad days. And some unexpected beautiful days. Charlie picks up a get well card from Sam.
176) 0) text: Dr. Burton walks Charlie's parents down the hallway.
176) 1) dialog: The worst day was the time my doctor told my mom and dad what Aunt Helen did to me. In the distance, we see Charlie's mom and dad stop.    Sh
177) 0) text: Charlie looks up and sees his mom and dad in the doorway.
178) 0) text: Charlie, Chris, and Candace sit on the bed, playing cards
178) 1) dialog: The best days were those when I could have visitors. My brother and sister always came for those until Chris had to go to training camp. He's going to be first string this year. And my sister told me she met a nice guy at her summer job.
179) 0) text: Charlie leaves his room with his suitcase in hand.    His mother waits in the hallway with Dr. Burton.
179) 2) dialog: My doctor said we can't choose where we can come from, but we can choose where we go from there. I know it's not all the answers, but it was enough to start putting these pieces together. Dr. Burton smiles, then turns back into the hospital.
180) 4) dialog: How do you think the Penguins are going to do this year, dad?
180) 6) dialog: What do the players call a puck again?
180) 10) text: As things return to normal, dad picks up his paper. Canda talks about the books she'll need for college. Everyone starts eating. And Charlie smiles, happy to just be home.
181) 2) text: Charlie's mother smiles. Charlie smiles, too. Especially when he sees... Sam. Standing next to Patrick. Her hair a little different. Her eyes alive and happy.
182) 0) text: The gang of three sit at their booth. Sam and Patrick hav their coffee. Charlie has his brownie. Like always.
182) 3) dialog: Definitely.
183) 0) text: The three leave the restaurant and jump into Sam's truck. Patrick drives. Charlie in the middle. Sam the passenger.
183) 1) dialog: I don't know if I will have the time to write any more letters because I might be too busy trying to participate. So, if this does end up being the last letter, I just want you to know that I was in a bad place before I started high school. And you helped me.
184) 1) dialog: Even if you didn't know what I was talking about. Or know someone who's gone through it. It made me not feel alone. With Sam's help, Charlie climbs through the little window
185) 0) text: Charlie gets into the back of the truck. He sits down, looking back at the highway. Watching everywhere he's bee
185) 1) dialog: Because I know there are people who say all of these things don't happen. And there are people who forget what it's like to be 16 when they turn 17. We see Charlie in profile.   The night sky behind him unt
186) 1) dialog: I know these will all be stories someday. And our pictures will become old photographs. And we'll all become somebody's mom or dad. But right now, these moments are not stories. Charlie turns to face forward. To the moment.   To Sam, smiling at him from the front seat.
186) 2) dialog: This is happening. I am here. And I am looking at her. And she is so beautiful. Sam kisses Charlie. Then, she turns, and all three kids l ahead to everything in front of them. Charlie begins to stand in the back of the truck. Ready to leave the tunnel
186) 3) dialog: I can see it. This one moment when you know you're not a sad story. You are alive. And as you stand up and see the lights on buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you are listening to that song on that drive with the people you love most in this world. Charlie stands in the back of the truck.   The wind on hi face. He is free.
186) 4) dialog: And in this moment, I swear...
186) 6) text: ... we are infinite. The tunnel song blasts over the speakers as the truck fli out of the tunnel. Sam and Patrick scream with excitement Charlie holds his arms in the air. The weight of the worl gone. If only for a moment. This one moment. We see the city. A million lights like white stars in a glass dome. crane to the sky. We are in Heaven.