53) 0) text: We hear the chorus of "Don't Dream It, Be It" as Charlie watches all of the exciting cast members at the after-sho party. Charlie sees a photo of Sam's naked back on the wa of Craig's loft. Very arty. Very black &amp; white. Charl lust (and guilt) are now at 11. Alice looks at the photo.
53) 3) dialog: Color film, but black and white paper for the printing. My professor gave me an "A," but for the wrong reasons. Most of them are idiots. You'll see what I mean when you get to college. How were your SAT's by the way?
53) 6) dialog: Yeah, I hope so.
55) 0) text: The tape revolves in the stereo, playing a beautiful ball Charlie watches Sam sway to his music like a serenade. Li she is dancing with him. But she isn't. A wider angle reveals that she is slow dancing with... Craig. Charlie is 15 year old CRUSHED. No filter. Just feeling. Patrick, Alice, and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the r
55) 7) dialog: Man, your mix is morbidly sad, kid. How about something a little more upbeat? Craig grabs a record from the pile and slaps it down.
55) 8) dialog: Sam tells me you want to be a writer.
55) 11) dialog: No.     Poetry writes me.   You know? Charlie sighs. Craig's upbeat song begins to play. He dances over to Sam. Charlie's heart breaks as he watches hug on Craig.
65) 7) text: Where's Craig? SAM
65) 9) text: I'm sorry we won't be seeing him tonight. Sam nods, then turns. Charlie is delighted. No Craig. kids settle in the living room in front of the fire. SAM
76) 0) text: We move in closer to Charlie's fingers in his mouth. When takes his hand out, we see... a tab of LSD. The church or is now a rock organ. And it's now... New Year's Eve. Charlie closes his mouth. He looks down the hall of the smoky room where Craig has his arm around Sam. Charlie tu to Mary Elizabeth, who's also dosed.
78) 0) text: Charlie wanders through the party, tripping out of his mi He sits down on the sofa. The world unbends as Charlie ta off the glasses. Kids walk around the party, leaving ghos of themselves behind. Charlie looks upstairs to find... Sam and Craig kissing. Craig leads her to the bedroom. Charlie looks back at the party as kids gather for the Ne Years countdown. Patrick leads the charge.
106) 0) text: A double date. Craig and Sam buy the tickets to see the silent classic, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.
112) 5) text: (licks his lips) Get ready, breeder. As Patrick approaches an apprehensive Alice... CRAIG
112) 7) text: Thank you. (re: Charlie) This one still hasn't gotten me flowers. (to Charlie) But I forgive you. She kisses him. Charlie bites his cheeks.    Sam looks a little depressed. CRAIG
129) 8) dialog: Yeah, I'll go put some pep in her step. As Craig moves upstairs, Patrick approaches Charlie.