15) 5) dialog: You feel a little silly being nervous now, huh, champ?
15) 7) dialog: I told you. Just give 'em a smile and be yourself. That's how you--
15) 9) dialog: You're cruisin' for a bruisin'.
15) 11) dialog: (deep eye roll)
16) 0) text: Charlie's father and mother watch a local sports show. Charlie passes by them with ice cream on his way downstai
16) 3) dialog: I'm sorry.     The kid's a pussy.   I can't stand him. Charlie moves to the entry hall. He looks through the scr door to the porch where Candace kisses Derek's cheek good As Derek walks to his mom's Mercedes, Candace joins Charl
21) 0) text: Charlie watches his brother and the Penn State Nittany Li on TV. He looks over at his father, but his dad is too bu building Charlie's clock for shop class to notice him.
24) 14) text: Hey, Sam. Charlie looks up. Standing there is the prettiest girl he ever seen. SAM (17) would make every mother proud and eve father nervous. She is alive, adventurous, and a world cl flirt. Great attitude. Great taste. Great banter. SAM
47) 0) text: Charlie sits with his family in itchy church clothes. He turns to see Brad with his father and mother. Proper fami Brad's dad gives him a pat on the back.
59) 3) dialog: (old joke)
59) 6) dialog: Have fun.
69) 1) dialog: Hey!   Look who's here! He moves out of the way, and standing there is Charlie's older brother, CHRIS KELMECKIS (19). Chris is handsome, charismatic, and an all around winner.
75) 0) text: The family moves down the line to receive Holy Communion Christmas Mass. Charlie's father, then mother, then siste take the sacrament. Charlie is next. The PRIEST makes the motion of the cross with the communion wafer. He places i in Charlie's hand. Charlie brings the sacrament to his mo with his fingers...
96) 3) dialog: (shit eating grin)
97) 1) dialog: OK, a little closer together. That looks nice. Buddhist, I need you to smile a little bit more. There you go. Nice. Cheese!   White flash.   The picture of 4 kids.   Smiling
110) 3) dialog: For Christ's sake... I need to use the phone!
131) 22) text: Yeah, I've got one. Well, there was this one guy. Queer as a 3 dollar bill. Guy's father didn't know about his son. So, he comes down into the basement one night when he's supposed to be out of town. Catches his son with another boy. So, he starts beating him. But not like the slap kind. Like the real kind. And the boyfriend says, "Stop. You're killing him." And the son just yells "Get out." And eventually the boyfriend just did. Patrick stops.    Gripped by sad.   He can't shake. PATRICK (CONT'D)
146) 0) text: The grandfather clock reads 9:30pm. The room is festive under streamers wishing Sam luck at Penn State. The kids sign each other's yearbooks. Charlie sees Sam smile at ol photos. He misses her already.
180) 2) dialog: God bless this food that we are about to receive. We thank You for this bounty in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
180) 5) dialog: God damn Penguins. I think they're allergic to God damn defense.
180) 7) dialog: A biscuit.
180) 9) dialog: You're cruisin' for a bruisin'.