24) 30) text: So, what's the plan, Sam? You want to go to Mary Elizabeth's house?
35) 5) text: You ready to meet some desperate women? MARY ELIZABETH and ALICE (both 17) sit on the sofa togeth Mary Elizabeth is smart, a little overweight, and extreme bossy. Alice will figure out that she's a lesbian in college. Right now, she just likes movies and is Mary Elizabeth's "beta female." PATRICK (CONT'D)
35) 7) text: This is Charlie's first party ever. So, I expect nice, meaningful, heartfelt blow jobs from both of you. MARY ELIZABETH
35) 9) text: Where the hell did you go? MARY ELIZABETH
35) 11) text: You're so selfish. We looked everywhere for you. You could have told someone. MARY ELIZABETH
35) 15) dialog: Just lucky I guess.
35) 17) dialog: Or something very right. Patrick and Mary Elizabeth laugh at their banter, just as calls out from the other side of the room.
35) 22) dialog: (offended)
36) 2) text: Have you guys felt this carpet?     This carpet feels so darn good. MARY ELIZABETH
36) 4) text: High school? Bullshit. The cafeteria is called the Nutrition Center. And people wear their letter jackets even when it's 98 degrees out. And why do they give out letters for marching band? That's not a sport, and we all know it. MARY ELIZABETH
36) 5) text: This kid is crazy. Charlie looks at Mary Elizabeth with her new wave haircut CHARLIE
36) 6) text: And Mary Elizabeth, I think you're really going to regret that haircut when you look back at old photographs. (off their laughter) I'm really sorry. That sounded like a compliment in my head. MARY ELIZABETH
36) 9) dialog: Shut up! Sam enters the room.    Takes quick stock.   Then... SAM
39) 0) text: The party has thinned. Sam watches Charlie drink his milkshake obsessively with Alice and Mary Elizabeth.
44) 0) text: The xerox spits out copies of PUNK ROCKY! Halloween Issue Alice staples while Mary Elizabeth works her like a sled
53) 7) dialog: (cruel to Alice)
55) 0) text: The tape revolves in the stereo, playing a beautiful ball Charlie watches Sam sway to his music like a serenade. Li she is dancing with him. But she isn't. A wider angle reveals that she is slow dancing with... Craig. Charlie is 15 year old CRUSHED. No filter. Just feeling. Patrick, Alice, and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the r
55) 5) dialog: No, shit.     Who could forget Mr. Car Wash Loser?
65) 3) text: Multiple pairs of blue jeans. Wow. This is a really tough one, but I'm going to have to guess... Alice. Alice smiles. Bob nudges her. Guilty as charged.       Ma Elizabeth pulls one last item out of the gift bag. MARY ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
65) 5) text: Impossible! MARY ELIZABETH
65) 15) text: Okay. Uh, I have received socks, pants, a shirt, and a belt. I was ordered to wear them all tonight. So, I'm guessing my secret santa is Mary Elizabeth. PATRICK
65) 17) text: I don't know. She bosses people around sometimes. The gang cracks up.   Mary Elizabeth is pissed. MARY ELIZABETH
65) 23) text: Can you hand these out while I'm gone? MARY ELIZABETH
65) 25) text: Mary Elizabeth, why are you trying to eat Christmas? Hand them out, Sam.
65) 28) dialog: 40 dollars. (reads card)
66) 14) text: Me? What about you? When I met you, you were this scared freshman. And look at you in that suit. You're like a sexy English school boy. I saw Mary Elizabeth checking you out. CHARLIE
76) 0) text: We move in closer to Charlie's fingers in his mouth. When takes his hand out, we see... a tab of LSD. The church or is now a rock organ. And it's now... New Year's Eve. Charlie closes his mouth. He looks down the hall of the smoky room where Craig has his arm around Sam. Charlie tu to Mary Elizabeth, who's also dosed.
92) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth and the kids get ready for the floor show.
92) 1) dialog: Well what are we supposed to do?     We're going on in 10 minutes! The phone rings. Mary Elizabeth picks up. Charlie turns t Brad, sitting next to him. Charlie is freaking out.
92) 6) dialog: Guys, we have an emergency. Craig flaked out on us again. I need a Rocky. Brad?
92) 8) text: No way. There are people out here. The group is deflated. They all start thinking.        Af beat, Mary Elizabeth looks at Charlie.
92) 9) dialog: Charlie... take off your clothes.
93) 0) text: You know those dreams you have when you are standing in f of 200 people in your underwear? Well, this is no dream. We hear a heart beat as Charlie dances out of the Rocky g and finds himself standing in tight gold underwear, looki out at 200 people, cheering him on. His friends can't stop smiling. Especially Mary Elizabeth who watches Charlie's little butt in the gold undies. She
95) 0) text: The wind whips. That bracing February cold. Charlie helps Mary Elizabeth carry the costumes outside to her car.
95) 2) dialog: We're filled up now, but they'll need people after we leave for college. I could put in a good word for you.
95) 5) dialog: Charlie... have you heard of the Sadie Hawkins dance?
95) 7) dialog: Yeah. Well, obviously, it's completely stupid and sexist. It's like, "Hey, thanks for the crumb." And normally, I'd just blow it off because school dances suck torture. But, you know, it's my last year, and... would you maybe want to go with me?
95) 9) dialog: I'm sick of macho guys. And you looked really cute in your costume. So, what do you say? Charlie thinks and thinks and...
96) 2) dialog: You, too, Mrs. Kelmeckis.
97) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth stand next to Candace and Dere
98) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to an 80's love son Sweaty palms. Awkward. Hands on hips. Horror. Charlie looks around the gym. He sees Alice dancing with date, an EFFEMINATE GOTH KID (17). We'll never meet him, he'll make us laugh once. Charlie then watches Patrick dance with Sam. He follows Patrick's gaze across the floor to Brad, who dances with SENIOR GIRL (18). Charlie sees the boys look at each othe For one moment, it's like they're dancing together.
99) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth is at the punch bowl with the gang. Charli sees Sam, standing by the wall, looking sad. He approache
100) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth approaches Charlie on the antique sofa. Sh uncorks a bottle of wine. POP! She hands him the bottle.
100) 1) dialog: Mmmm.   Now, let it breathe. Mary Elizabeth walks over to the vintage turntable. She turns on the gas fireplace with a remote control. Roar!
100) 3) dialog: Thanks. Mary Elizabeth drops the needle on a vinyl LP. A Doo Wop make-out classic begins to play. She dances over to Charl
100) 4) dialog: Mmmm. Don't you just love old music? (off his nod)
100) 7) dialog: Yeah. My dad collects wine, but he doesn't drink. That's weird, isn't it?
100) 9) dialog: Their club is hosting a cotillion or something racist. They'll be gone all night. Mary Elizabeth drops her necklace with a thud.   Charlie around. Heart beating.
100) 12) dialog: Yeah. After I'm done being a lobbyist, I want to move to a house like this in Cape Cod. That sounds nice, doesn't it?
100) 14) dialog: Your heart is beating really fast.
100) 16) dialog: Here, feel. She puts her hand on his.   Moves it to his chest.
100) 17) dialog: Charlie?
100) 19) dialog: Do you like me?
100) 21) dialog: You know what I mean.
100) 23) dialog: Don't be nervous. She slowly moves his hand to her dress strap. It falls of her shoulder. She leans in for a red wine kiss. She guide his hand over her bra. He feels her breast. Wow.
102) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth moves his hand away. Charlie blinks, takin moment to realize Sam's not the one in the room. The song over. The needle turns at the end of the record.
102) 1) dialog: Charlie... She gives him one last kiss.      Content, she lays down lap. Peaceful.
102) 2) dialog: I didn't know how it was going to go tonight, but it was really nice, huh?
102) 4) dialog: I can't believe it. You of all people. I just can't believe you're my boyfriend. We land on Charlie's face.       "What?"   And then, we h GARAGE DOOR OPEN.
102) 5) dialog: Oh, shit!     My parents! The mad scramble for clothes begins.
103) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth's car pulls in front of Charlie's house. Charlie gets out. Wanting to say he's not her boyfriend. Not knowing how. Mary Elizabeth smiles. Smitten.
103) 1) dialog: See you Monday. With that, she backs out of the driveway. We see him from the back of her car, getting smaller and smaller. His stomach already filling with acid.
104) 0) text: Sam, Patrick, and Alice are seated around the table. Mary Elizabeth has her arms around Charlie. Smothering him.
104) 1) dialog: We're literally making out, and I'm in my bra. Hello! And the front door opens. It's my parents! I'm scrambling to get my dress on. It was crazy. Right, babe? Charlie nods, tortured.
105) 0) text: Ash Wednesday. Charlie gets out of the school bus to immediately find Mary Elizabeth waiting for him. She sees the cross of ashes on his forehead. She thinks his ashes a smudge. She cleans it.
105) 2) dialog: Can you believe it's almost our two week anniversary?
106) 2) dialog: (proud)
106) 6) dialog: Vegans don't eat butter. Charlie tries not to feel Mary Elizabeth's sweaty hand.
107) 0) text: Just like Sadie's except... the fire in the fireplace is We move from the fireplace to Charlie, touching Mary Elizabeth's breasts over her sweater.
108) 2) dialog: Walden? I read it in 7th grade.    I would have called it "On Boring Pond."
109) 2) dialog: That dairy just sits with you. It walks with you. Charlie calmly puts down the phone and leaves the room.
111) 0) text: He returns.   Mary Elizabeth is still talking on the cord
111) 1) dialog: I'll give you this book. It's really how I became a vegan--
111) 4) dialog: Charlie. Please, don't interrupt.        You know I hate that. Charlie goes to his quiet place.   Tick.   Tick.    Tick.
112) 0) text: Truth or dare. The gang is seated in a circle, drinking f plastic cups. Charlie sits between Mary Elizabeth and Sam
112) 6) text: Mary Elizabeth? Samantha told me that you got into Harvard. Congratulations. MARY ELIZABETH
123) 2) dialog: It's too late, Charlie.
123) 4) dialog: Tell it to someone who cares.
123) 6) dialog: Good friends? You mean the people I've known since kindergarten that you've known for 6 months? Those good friends?
123) 8) dialog: It's ruined. Okay? So, stop calling everyone. Stop embarrassing yourself.
126) 19) text: Say that shit again!    Say that shit again! Brad's football buddies rise and peel Patrick off Brad. Elizabeth and Sam jump up from their corner table. MARY ELIZABETH
129) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth looks at us because she wants us to know..
129) 1) dialog: I'm dating Peter now. She motions to PETER.    College.   Glasses.   Good looki
129) 2) dialog: He's in college with Craig. He's opinionated, and we have intellectual debates. You were very sweet, but our relationship was too one-sided. I know this is hard for you.
129) 4) dialog: Okay. Mary Elizabeth joins Peter.    Charlie looks at his frien
129) 7) dialog: We're going to miss the movie.
144) 0) text: Prom night continues. The antique limo is so garish, it's great. Charlie snaps pictures with Sam's mom and Patrick' dad. Mary Elizabeth is with her boyfriend, Peter. Alice stands with Patrick, dashing in his Mod Suit Tux.
149) 0) text: It's like a dream for Charlie. He watches Sam hug Alice a Mary Elizabeth goodbye. But Charlie is somewhere else.
149) 2) dialog: Promise.
151) 0) text: Charlie snaps himself out of it. He turns back as Mary Elizabeth and Alice part ways. Charlie locks eyes with Sa They take a moment. And then they come together to hug. S kisses him goodbye, trying not to cry. After a moment, Sam climbs into the driver's seat of her truck with Patrick riding shotgun. Charlie looks dazed.
167) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Charlie thinks everyone is staring at him. H sister and her friends. His brother and mother. Mary Elizabeth and Alice. And worst of all... Sam and Patrick night they toasted him. A paranoid nightmare.