15) 2) dialog: Charlie, come on. His family is seated around the table.    Candace's boyfr Derek, is their special guest.
15) 4) dialog: Thank you, Derek. It's Charlie's favorite. He was a little nervous about starting high school, so I made it.
16) 0) text: Charlie's father and mother watch a local sports show. Charlie passes by them with ice cream on his way downstai
16) 1) dialog: I think you could be a little nicer to Derek.
24) 14) text: Hey, Sam. Charlie looks up. Standing there is the prettiest girl he ever seen. SAM (17) would make every mother proud and eve father nervous. She is alive, adventurous, and a world cl flirt. Great attitude. Great taste. Great banter. SAM
30) 0) text: Charlie sits at his desk. So disturbed. He hears a car start outside. He moves to his window and looks down at Derek and Candace near Derek's mother's Mercedes. Derek i crying. Candace comforts. After a beat... they kiss. Charlie stands frozen, a look creeping across his face.
30) 1) dialog: Hey, look who's here...
47) 0) text: Charlie sits with his family in itchy church clothes. He turns to see Brad with his father and mother. Proper fami Brad's dad gives him a pat on the back.
69) 5) dialog: 10 pounds... Weight Watchers. Big kiss.   When he lets go, he sees Charlie and smiles.
70) 2) dialog: Make a wish, honey. We move closer to Charlie as he makes his wish and blows his 16 candles.
75) 0) text: The family moves down the line to receive Holy Communion Christmas Mass. Charlie's father, then mother, then siste take the sacrament. Charlie is next. The PRIEST makes the motion of the cross with the communion wafer. He places i in Charlie's hand. Charlie brings the sacrament to his mo with his fingers...
85) 0) text: Charlie's mother opens the door, revealing a POLICEMAN. H turns to Charlie in his party hat. 7 years old and confus
87) 6) dialog: (worried)
96) 1) dialog: You must be Mary Elizabeth.    It's so good to meet you.
104) 0) text: Sam, Patrick, and Alice are seated around the table. Mary Elizabeth has her arms around Charlie. Smothering him.
110) 1) dialog: She's on the phone right now? Charlie, you have to break up with her.
116) 1) dialog: We're going to be late for Easter Mass.
167) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Charlie thinks everyone is staring at him. H sister and her friends. His brother and mother. Mary Elizabeth and Alice. And worst of all... Sam and Patrick night they toasted him. A paranoid nightmare.
177) 1) dialog: Honey? His mother comes to hold him.
177) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. For a second, we see the emotion his father hides behind sports page, before he chokes it down. He walks over to h son and kisses his forehead.
179) 0) text: Charlie leaves his room with his suitcase in hand.    His mother waits in the hallway with Dr. Burton.
181) 2) text: Charlie's mother smiles. Charlie smiles, too. Especially when he sees... Sam. Standing next to Patrick. Her hair a little different. Her eyes alive and happy.