24) 14) text: Hey, Sam. Charlie looks up. Standing there is the prettiest girl he ever seen. SAM (17) would make every mother proud and eve father nervous. She is alive, adventurous, and a world cl flirt. Great attitude. Great taste. Great banter. SAM
24) 19) text: Party tonight? SAM
24) 21) text: He's never tossing that salad. Brad Hays marches the Devils offense down the field. The kids clap. Sam looks at Charlie, then turns back to Patri SAM
24) 26) text: Is that what they call him? SAM
24) 28) text: I try, Sam. I try. SAM
24) 29) text: It's nice to meet you, Charlie.    I'm Sam. Sam extends her hand to Charlie. Every nail a different color. They shake. Then, Sam grabs a nacho. Zoinks! PATRICK
24) 30) text: So, what's the plan, Sam? You want to go to Mary Elizabeth's house?
24) 32) dialog: Can't. She got caught watering down her parent's brandy with iced tea. Let's just go to Kings.
25) 0) text: The Devils' faithful cheer as Brad Hays and his guys ente The place is packed. Patrick and Sam drink coffee while Charlie eats his brownie. They're all excited.
25) 1) dialog: Do you have a favorite band?
25) 3) dialog: Are you kidding!? I love The Smiths! The best breakup band ever. What's your favorite song?
25) 7) dialog: Thanks. What about Eide's?     You love Eide's, right?
25) 11) dialog: It's an old record store downtown.
25) 13) text: I used to be popular before Sam got me some good music. So, watch out, Charlie. She'll ruin your life forever. CHARLIE
25) 18) text: My Aunt Helen said I should be a writer, but I don't know what I'd write about. SAM
25) 20) text: Yeah. Call it Slut and The Falcon.      Make us solve crimes. Sam laughs.   Charlie smiles. CHARLIE
25) 21) text: You guys look happy together. How long have you been boyfriend and girlfriend? (off their laughs) What? SAM
25) 23) text: But Sam's not bitter.     Make no mistake. SAM
25) 28) dialog: (cracking up)
26) 0) text: Charlie hops out of Sam's old truck.    The music blares.
26) 4) dialog: (distracted - to Patrick)
33) 0) text: The Homecoming Dance is in full swing. God bless everyone Especially Charlie. He's alone at the wall, dressed in hi Sunday suit. To us, adorable. To himself, in living hell. Charlie watches his sister, slow dancing with Derek. As happy as she looks, Charlie still isn't sure if he did th right thing by keeping quiet. The song ends to applause. After a beat, Charlie turns away. That's when he sees Sam and Patrick at the punch bowl. We hear the first notes of "Come On, Eileen" by Dexy's Midnight Runners.
33) 1) dialog: Oh, my God. They're playing good music.
33) 3) dialog: (total mischief)
33) 6) text: Hey! Without a pause, they grab his hands, and move together i circle. Their own island. After a moment, Sam moves aroun Charlie like a maypole as the whole gym explodes into dan
34) 0) text: The party rages inside this mansion in the rich part of t Patrick and Sam walk up the steps with Charlie tailing.
34) 1) dialog: God, it's freezing.
34) 3) dialog: Piss off, Tennessee Tuxedo.
34) 5) dialog: Of course. Just remember, Charlie... Bob's not paranoid.
34) 8) dialog: Only if I have Patrick's blessing.
35) 18) dialog: Hey!    Look who's here! The party turns, and Charlie sees Brad Hays, the quarterb enter with Sam and Bob. Patrick approaches them. Charlie sits on the beat up couch next to the girls. He's shocked
36) 11) text: Come on, Sam. He likes it.     Just look at him. SAM
37) 0) text: Sam takes the ice cream from the freezer to the blender. Charlie watches her make the perfect vanilla milkshake.
37) 2) dialog: Okay, Charlie.     Let me make the milkshake.
37) 4) dialog: I'm guessing you've never been high before?
37) 6) dialog: Well, where is Michael tonight?
37) 10) dialog: It's up the stairs.
39) 0) text: The party has thinned. Sam watches Charlie drink his milkshake obsessively with Alice and Mary Elizabeth.
39) 2) dialog: (barely audible whisper)
39) 12) text: To Charlie. They all drink.    Sam approaches him.    A knowing smile
39) 13) dialog: Welcome to the island of misfit toys. Charlie smiles, and the soundtrack comes rushing up loud.
40) 0) text: The truck speeds on Highway 376 toward the Fort Pitt Tunn Patrick drives. Sam cranks the radio, blaring "The Tunnel Song." The Star's anthem, "Your Ex-Lover is Dead" is our prototype for tone.
40) 1) dialog: My God.    What is this song!?
40) 3) dialog: (to Charlie)
40) 6) dialog: (light bulb)
40) 9) dialog: Patrick, it's the perfect song!
40) 11) dialog: Patrick, it's Sam. It's Sam talking to you, I'm begging you to drive me--
40) 14) text: Sam climbs through the window to the flat bed.   She grip flood lights to steady herself as she stands.
40) 17) dialog: Turn it up!
40) 23) text: The truck flies out of the Fort Pitt Tunnel onto the brid Patrick and Charlie laugh as Sam raises her arms. Free an young and alive on the greatest night of Charlie's life.
45) 0) text: Brad Hays leads the football team through the banner onto field as Charlie, Patrick, and Sam cheer. Moments later, Brad pulls his helmet on and rushes onto the field.
52) 0) text: The movie is in full swing. Charlie watches Sam as Janet the Floor Show. Sam mimics Susan Sarandon perfectly. Especially the body. She winks at Charlie as "Fanfare/Don Dream It" begins and arriving regally as Frank 'n Furter full drag is... Patrick.
53) 0) text: We hear the chorus of "Don't Dream It, Be It" as Charlie watches all of the exciting cast members at the after-sho party. Charlie sees a photo of Sam's naked back on the wa of Craig's loft. Very arty. Very black &amp; white. Charl lust (and guilt) are now at 11. Alice looks at the photo.
54) 0) text: Charlie sees Sam alone on the loft steps. She looks a lit down. He hands Sam a plastic cup and sits next to her.
54) 2) dialog: Yeah.   Yeah. But I got my SAT results back.   Oops.
54) 4) dialog: Yeah, it's just if I'm going to Penn State main campus, I have to do much better. I wish I would have studied freshman year. I was a bit of a mess.
54) 6) dialog: Will you?
54) 8) dialog: Thanks, Charlie. Charlie summons his courage.      He hands her the mix ta
54) 10) dialog: What's this?
54) 12) dialog: It's okay. These are great.   You have really good taste, Charlie.
54) 14) dialog: Yeah. Way better than me as a freshman. I used to listen to the worst top 40.
54) 16) dialog: Yeah, I did. But then I heard this old song. Pearly Dew Drops Drop. And I thought someday I would be at a party in college or something. And I'd look up and see this person across the room. And from that moment, I'd know everything was going to be okay. You know what I mean?
55) 0) text: The tape revolves in the stereo, playing a beautiful ball Charlie watches Sam sway to his music like a serenade. Li she is dancing with him. But she isn't. A wider angle reveals that she is slow dancing with... Craig. Charlie is 15 year old CRUSHED. No filter. Just feeling. Patrick, Alice, and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the r
58) 0) text: Charlie waits nervously at a booth. He sees Sam enter. He fixes his hair, then pretends to read his SAT PREP BOOK.
58) 1) dialog: Hey, Charlie.
60) 0) text: Lockers are opened by Charlie. Sam. Patrick. Wrapped gift are deposited. Mischief smiles. Lockers closed. Everyone loves getting their presents except Charlie - who got soc
63) 0) text: The song continues as Patrick holds up the grade. C minus Charlie and Sam cheer as Patrick screams at the top of hi lungs...
63) 2) dialog: Below average! Patrick screams at the city in the distance.   Below aver
64) 0) text: We move to find Sam, holding her SAT score up to the grou
64) 1) dialog: Hey, guys.     1210. Everyone cheers.   Sam hugs Charlie.
65) 0) text: Charlie carries Sam on his shoulders past the Christmas T Sam wears a Santa Hat like a hot elf.
65) 1) dialog: No more applications!   No more SAT's! Thank you, Charlie! They pass Mary Elizabeth as she opens her final present.
65) 7) text: Where's Craig? SAM
65) 9) text: I'm sorry we won't be seeing him tonight. Sam nods, then turns. Charlie is delighted. No Craig. kids settle in the living room in front of the fire. SAM
65) 11) text: I'll tell you, Sam. This one's tough. I have received a harmonica, a magnetic poetry set, a book about Harvey Milk, and a mix with the song "Asleep" on it... twice. Charlie starts snickering.    He can't help himself. PATRICK (CONT'D)
65) 22) text: Because all the great writers used to wear great suits. Your last present is on a towel rack in the bathroom. Delve into our facilities. Emerge a star. Charlie gives Sam a sack of presents. CHARLIE
65) 25) text: Mary Elizabeth, why are you trying to eat Christmas? Hand them out, Sam.
65) 31) dialog: Come on out, Charlie. They all chime in. "Let's go, young man!" "Charlie! Charlie!" Charlie opens the door off camera, and we see h entrance play off their faces. The reverse angle reveals. Charlie dressed in his suit. Like the best of English mod in the 60's. For those of you who know the book, this is cover. They all clap. It's magic.
66) 0) text: The door opens.   Sam and Charlie walk into the dark room
66) 2) dialog: It's a surprise. Sam flips the switch, bathing the room in light. Sam's ro is so cool. A shrine to music. A xerox that says "The Beatings Will Continue Until Morale Improves." Virgin Mar icons. Snow globes. Kitsch.
66) 4) text: Is this your room?    It's so cool. SAM
66) 5) text: Thanks. Sam points to a green box with a red ribbon on her desk. CHARLIE
66) 6) text: You got me a present? SAM
66) 8) text: I don't know what to say. SAM
66) 9) text: You don't have to say anything. Sam goes over and types. "Write about us sometime." He smiles and types back. "I will." They look at each other. We can hear a lovely ballad playing downstairs. SAM (CONT'D)
66) 11) text: That's okay. I'm just sorry you have to go back and visit your dad. SAM
66) 13) text: You are. SAM
66) 18) text: Well, it hasn't worked so far. SAM
66) 19) text: Come on. You've never had a girlfriend? Not even a 2nd grade valentine? He shakes his head. SAM (CONT'D)
66) 21) text: No.   What about you? SAM
66) 23) text: (laughs) No! Your first kiss... Sam gets this strange look in her eyes.    A little haunt SAM
66) 25) text: Was he your first boyfriend? SAM
66) 26) text: He was my dad's boss. Charlie goes silent. SAM (CONT'D)
66) 29) dialog: 
66) 32) dialog: She must have been great.
66) 34) dialog: Charlie, I know that you know I like Craig. But I want to forget that for a minute. Okay? I just want to make sure that the first person who kisses you loves you. Okay? Charlie nods. And with that, Sam leans over and kisses hi It starts softly, then Sam wraps her thin arms around him Holding on for lonely life. When the song crescendos, and they part, Charlie and Sam look at each other. Finally...
66) 35) dialog: I love you, Charlie.
67) 0) text: The porch lights are as golden as Charlie feels right now We see the girls wave to each other and hug Sam.
71) 0) text: The wind blows out a candle in one of the luminaria bags. The suburb is quiet. Not a creature is stirring. Except.. Charlie. He fills a brown paper bag with    sand and a ca He lights the candle, making the bag glow   like a beauti lantern. He looks down his street, where    families are with their kids, doing the same luminaria   ritual.
72) 0) text: The same street. Christmas Eve. Many years ago. Aunt Hele and the kids finish their luminaria bags. Aunt Helen ligh up the candles. They glow.
76) 0) text: We move in closer to Charlie's fingers in his mouth. When takes his hand out, we see... a tab of LSD. The church or is now a rock organ. And it's now... New Year's Eve. Charlie closes his mouth. He looks down the hall of the smoky room where Craig has his arm around Sam. Charlie tu to Mary Elizabeth, who's also dosed.
77) 0) text: About 45 minutes. The sound is muted thick. Slight echoes Charlie shovels the snow. Crunch. Fascinated by his breat making fog. Sam comes outside. She's worried about him.
77) 1) dialog: Shoveling snow, huh?
77) 3) dialog: You said that an hour ago.
77) 6) dialog: Okay, Charlie. Don't freak out. Just give me the shovel. Calm down. Look up. She points.   Charlie looks up.   Sees the stars.
77) 7) dialog: Isn't it quiet?
77) 9) dialog: All the time. So, you want to put on these glasses? They'll protect you. Sam puts her arm around his shoulder. Protecting him. Charlie looks through the glasses. The sky bends like a globe. When he breathes, the sky ripples.
78) 0) text: Charlie wanders through the party, tripping out of his mi He sits down on the sofa. The world unbends as Charlie ta off the glasses. Kids walk around the party, leaving ghos of themselves behind. Charlie looks upstairs to find... Sam and Craig kissing. Craig leads her to the bedroom. Charlie looks back at the party as kids gather for the Ne Years countdown. Patrick leads the charge.
91) 2) dialog: I called him 30 times.
94) 0) text: "Touch-A, Touch-A, Touch Me" is in full swing. Sam slinks over to Charlie dressed in her white bra and slip.
94) 1) dialog: (as Janet)
94) 2) text: So if anything grows while you pose. I'll oil you up and drop you down. And that's just one small fraction of the main attraction. You need a friendly hand. And I need action! Sam grabs Charlie's hands and rubs them all over her ches
94) 3) dialog: Ah! Touch a touch a touch me! I wanna be dirty! Thrill me. Chill me. Fulfill me! Creature of the night! The song continues. We see flashes of the night's performance as Charlie goes from train wreck to triumph. Charlie joins Sam in the kick line, and it feels like it' just the two of them. On the final beat, Sam gasps...
94) 4) dialog: Creature of the night! The song ends. The cast bows. Sam and Patrick push Charli in front for his own curtain call. Everyone cheers. It's the night he'll never forget.
98) 0) text: Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to an 80's love son Sweaty palms. Awkward. Hands on hips. Horror. Charlie looks around the gym. He sees Alice dancing with date, an EFFEMINATE GOTH KID (17). We'll never meet him, he'll make us laugh once. Charlie then watches Patrick dance with Sam. He follows Patrick's gaze across the floor to Brad, who dances with SENIOR GIRL (18). Charlie sees the boys look at each othe For one moment, it's like they're dancing together.
99) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth is at the punch bowl with the gang. Charli sees Sam, standing by the wall, looking sad. He approache
99) 2) dialog: Not really. How about you?
99) 4) dialog: Don't worry. You're doing fine. Charlie joins her at the wall.   Mary Elizabeth gives the quick, jealous look.
99) 6) dialog: Yeah. He said he didn't want to go to some stupid high school dance. Can't say I blame him.
99) 8) dialog: Thanks, Charlie. Have a beautiful first date. You deserve it.
101) 0) text: For a quick moment, Charlie imagines he is kissing Sam. Broken by...
102) 0) text: Mary Elizabeth moves his hand away. Charlie blinks, takin moment to realize Sam's not the one in the room. The song over. The needle turns at the end of the record.
104) 0) text: Sam, Patrick, and Alice are seated around the table. Mary Elizabeth has her arms around Charlie. Smothering him.
106) 0) text: A double date. Craig and Sam buy the tickets to see the silent classic, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.
112) 0) text: Truth or dare. The gang is seated in a circle, drinking f plastic cups. Charlie sits between Mary Elizabeth and Sam
112) 6) text: Mary Elizabeth? Samantha told me that you got into Harvard. Congratulations. MARY ELIZABETH
112) 7) text: Thank you. (re: Charlie) This one still hasn't gotten me flowers. (to Charlie) But I forgive you. She kisses him. Charlie bites his cheeks.    Sam looks a little depressed. CRAIG
112) 8) text: (to Sam) Don't worry about Penn State.   You're just wait-listed. PATRICK
112) 21) dialog: What the hell is wrong with you? Charlie is devastated.
126) 19) text: Say that shit again!    Say that shit again! Brad's football buddies rise and peel Patrick off Brad. Elizabeth and Sam jump up from their corner table. MARY ELIZABETH
126) 21) dialog: No!   No! Sam rushes up and the Nose Tackle pushes her down. She la on her tail bone. Thud. Patrick gets hit a couple of time in the face. The kids cheer the fight. It's getting loude and louder with more and more noise. And then...
126) 25) text: Brad is stunned.     So is everyone... except Sam.
128) 0) text: Charlie exits the building. Kids stare at him. Then, look away. Charlie feels very lost until he sees... Sam. She smiles. It brings him back instantly. And then, gently...
128) 1) dialog: How you doing, Charlie?
128) 3) text: Sam can see he's afraid of himself.      She nods, sympat
128) 5) dialog: Do you want me to tell you?
128) 8) dialog: You saved my brother.     That's what you did.
128) 10) dialog: No.
128) 12) dialog: Of course. The minute she hugs him, the numb goes away. She kisses t top of his head and puts her arm around his shoulder. The begin walking away.
128) 13) dialog: Come on.   Let's go be psychos together.
130) 0) text: Patrick drives Sam's truck up the hill to the overlook.
134) 0) text: Patrick hands Sam an envelope.   Sam holds it.   Pins and needles.
134) 4) text: She got in, Charlie. Charlie turns back to Sam.   She holds him with sweet rel and redemption.
137) 0) text: Sam and the girls chat excitedly.   Summer is almost here
141) 0) text: Times Square has nothing on these seniors. Charlie watche the gang on their last day of high school. When the clock hits 10 seconds to 3pm, all the students chant... SAM &amp; COMPANY
144) 0) text: Prom night continues. The antique limo is so garish, it's great. Charlie snaps pictures with Sam's mom and Patrick' dad. Mary Elizabeth is with her boyfriend, Peter. Alice stands with Patrick, dashing in his Mod Suit Tux.
145) 0) text: Graduation Day. The place is packed with graduating senio and families. Charlie's mom and dad fawn over Candace wit the video camera. Charlie finally finds... Sam.
146) 0) text: The grandfather clock reads 9:30pm. The room is festive under streamers wishing Sam luck at Penn State. The kids sign each other's yearbooks. Charlie sees Sam smile at ol photos. He misses her already.
147) 0) text: 10:28pm. Charlie doesn't know where the time keeps going. Sam opens goodbye presents from her friends.
147) 2) dialog: Are these all your books, Charlie? He nods.   They lock eyes and do not speak.
148) 0) text: The pictures are down. The dressers empty. The suitcase i open on the bed. Charlie watches Sam fold clothes and put them in her suitcase. He has promised himself he will not cry. Even when she packs away his Beatles 45 of "Somethin Instead, he looks at her and tries to remember every deta Her hair and brown eyes and sound of her voice.
148) 1) dialog: Thanks for staying up with me.
148) 3) dialog: That sounds like fun.
148) 5) dialog: Yes, I will. Sam moves some suitcases over to the pile in the room. stand next to each other. Close.
148) 6) dialog: I had lunch with Craig today.
148) 8) dialog: He said he was sorry, and that I was right to break up with him. But I'm driving away, and I just felt so small. Just asking myself why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing?
148) 11) dialog: Then, why didn't you ever ask me out? Charlie didn't expect that.       He is silent.   Heart p
148) 13) dialog: Well, what did you want?
148) 15) dialog: Don't you get it, Charlie? I can't feel that. It's really sweet and everything, but you can't just sit there and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love. I don't want to be somebody's crush. I want people to like the real me.
148) 18) dialog: What's wrong, Charlie?
149) 0) text: It's like a dream for Charlie. He watches Sam hug Alice a Mary Elizabeth goodbye. But Charlie is somewhere else.
149) 1) dialog: I'll call all the time.
149) 3) dialog: And we'll all see each other in New York.
150) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers kissing Sam the night before. Her hand touches Charlie's knee.
151) 0) text: Charlie snaps himself out of it. He turns back as Mary Elizabeth and Alice part ways. Charlie locks eyes with Sa They take a moment. And then they come together to hug. S kisses him goodbye, trying not to cry. After a moment, Sam climbs into the driver's seat of her truck with Patrick riding shotgun. Charlie looks dazed.
152) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers pulling away from Sam. Shocked. Like he's seen a ghost.
152) 1) dialog: What's wrong, Charlie?
153) 0) text: Sam starts the truck. Charlie wants to scream for her to stop. But he's frozen. She drives away. He watches her go The truck gets smaller in the distance until it turns at stop sign. And disappears. Charlie stands there, alone.
154) 0) text: QUICK FLASH... Charlie remembers the night with Sam. We s her put her hand on his knee. The image moves up the arm. To the shoulder. To the face. And we reveal, we are not i Sam's bedroom. And it is not Sam touching Charlie. But... Aunt Helen
165) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie is in the same entry hall in the same house 8 years later. Banging his head against the wa "It's my fault. It's all my fault." He passes the photo wall on the stairs. We see the images the family. Church. Communion. Baby pictures. Years of history staring at us. Ghosts on the wall.
167) 0) text: QUICK FLASH. Charlie thinks everyone is staring at him. H sister and her friends. His brother and mother. Mary Elizabeth and Alice. And worst of all... Sam and Patrick night they toasted him. A paranoid nightmare.
170) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Charlie holds his head. Trying to stuff the pictures back in his brain. But he can't. They keep coming and coming, faster and faster. Sam's hand, Little Charlie on top of the stairs, the police telling him Aunt Helen is dead.
173) 0) text: Kitchen.   One room. Charlie doesn't know where he is anymore.   The past and present have bled together. QUICK FLASH. We see Little Charlie turn the corner into t kitchen. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year old Charlie stands in the same kitchen, breathing shallow. QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie walks up to Aunt Helen sitting at the kitchen table. BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year Charlie begins to have a full blown anxiety attack. QUICK FLASH. 7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand a turns it over... to reveal her wrist scars. BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie looks from the table to the counter with the bread and the KNIVES. He stares at the knives for a moment. Just as... The Policemen break down the door.
175) 0) text: The sun creeps through the windows. We can hear birds outside. The intercom is quiet. Charlie is alone. He look at Sam's typewriter. "Dear Friend" is already typed.
181) 2) text: Charlie's mother smiles. Charlie smiles, too. Especially when he sees... Sam. Standing next to Patrick. Her hair a little different. Her eyes alive and happy.
182) 0) text: The gang of three sit at their booth. Sam and Patrick hav their coffee. Charlie has his brownie. Like always.
182) 1) dialog: That first night, I had grilled stickies. It was so good. You have to visit in the Fall. We'll have some. Okay?
182) 5) dialog: Well, can I tell you something? I've been away for two months. It's another world. And it gets better. (off Charlie's smile)
182) 6) text: And my roommate Katie has the best taste in music. Sam puts a cassette tape down on the table.
182) 7) dialog: I found the tunnel song. Charlie looks at Sam and Patrick, who smile.
182) 8) dialog: Let's drive.
183) 0) text: The three leave the restaurant and jump into Sam's truck. Patrick drives. Charlie in the middle. Sam the passenger.
184) 0) text: The three friends are flying down the highway in Sam's tr The music blaring. The wind making their hair dance.
186) 6) text: ... we are infinite. The tunnel song blasts over the speakers as the truck fli out of the tunnel. Sam and Patrick scream with excitement Charlie holds his arms in the air. The weight of the worl gone. If only for a moment. This one moment. We see the city. A million lights like white stars in a glass dome. crane to the sky. We are in Heaven.