0) 14) text: MONTAGE: Programmers play competitive games at an Outpost picnic; Toddlers play on computers in an Outpost Day Care Center; Geeks confer at a diagram-covered whiteboard;  Employees listen/dance to the Seattle band we've been hea on-stage, at the Outpost '98 launch.
7) 15) text: She picks her way through geek clutter (motherboards, cod manuals, Coke cans) sits next to him.
19) 4) text: Two Men in suits, with briefcases, (conspicuous amid the  Geeks in jeans and T-shirts) enter Building #19.
22) 0) text: They walk up a long carpeted hallway, past open offices w Geeks (mostly males under 30) sit at workstations.
22) 2) text: They pass a room in which Geeks play video games. Just ou it, a chubby programmer, DESI, sips a Diet Coke.
27) 0) text: Blond wood, smoked glass -- a room as sleek as the Geeks lunch here are nerdy. Milo and Redmond push trays.
31) 0) text: Two awe-struck Geeks see Gary through the window.
31) 1) dialog: He's been in there like an hour.
31) 2) dialog: Shit.
50) 0) text: Desi and another Geek watch in astonishment: Gary walks M to his car, his arm circled over Milo's shoulder. He seem to be -- apologizing. EXT./INT. MILO &amp; ALICE'S HOUSE - EVENING Milo comes eagerly up the path: can't wait to tell Alice  what just happened. He enters -- pulls up short. Alice is waiting for him. She's white.
89) 0) text: Milo walks the path between the two buildings, fiddling  nervously with the dummied swipe card. Hearing footfalls behind him, he whirls: it's a Geek lopi to his car. He smiles. Milo smiles: waits, walks on. Nearing #21, Milo looks around, making sure no one else i around. His POV (panning): A Programmer works late, visib through a lighted window in #20... The dog sculpture with cocked ears sits atop the Day Care, its quizzical express seeming to wonder what Milo is up to... The Geek he just racing by on foot now pulls out of the parking lot in his James Bond BMW... Milo arrives at the entrance. Heart pounding, he brings t card to the slot. Will he trigger that awful alarm? He slides the card, the door clicks.