4) 9) dialog: (under Alice) 'Could be a condition-variable in  the locking code -- If it didn't seg  fault, first!
6) 8) text: Milo and Teddy look at each other: right. But Danny looks like he means it. Milo's grin fades. He takes the phone.
7) 2) text: Larry, Teddy &amp; Brian are at the table with Alice &amp It's a student hang-out, with loud music.
7) 6) dialog: My parents're already freaked-out  I'm staying here. 50 miles from  Chinatown.
17) 19) text: She continues inside. He waits, watches Teddy cross the  sidewalk to join him.
17) 21) dialog: And your phone messages. You wanna  do what you do, it's not a crime.
17) 23) dialog: Uh. Not exactly.
17) 24) text: A brown Buick parks behind Teddy's car. As they speak, a  rumpled, 50ish MAN in an off-the-rack suit gets out.
17) 26) dialog: Hey, we got seed money for the  startup! A million-five!
17) 27) text: Milo grins, he high-fives Teddy.
17) 28) dialog: We rented a loft in Sunnyvale. (he gives Milo the  number) You know what's the bad part? We  can't talk about work anymore. We're  competitors! The venture capitalists  made us sign like 100 confidentiality  forms.
17) 30) text: They embrace. It's awkward, but it's heartfelt. INT. MILO &amp; ALICE'S APARTMENT - A MOMENT LATER Milo enters, reading Teddy's phone number.
46) 3) dialog: I've been hacking for five night's  straight, I'm really making headway.
47) 1) dialog: But these, like, White Supremacists  trashed my office, last week.
47) 3) text: On the wall beyond Teddy the word GOOK (in blood red) has been covered over with paint but still bleeds through.
47) 4) dialog: They're in the neighborhood. They  usually hassle Vietnamese grocers.
47) 6) dialog: I'm cool. They didn't touch the  machine. Or my disks. Probably didn't  know what they were. So, you a Moonie  yet? (he waits) Milo?
47) 8) dialog: What? Come on. Is it serious?
47) 10) dialog: Did you tell Alice?
47) 12) dialog: A beautiful geek? I don't wanna sound  paranoid, or like a pig, but what're  the chances?
47) 14) dialog: I dunno. I guess Larry's got me  totally suspicious of that place.
47) 16) dialog: Milo, geeks don't have two  girlfriends. Most don't have one.
52) 0) text: A mixture of Teddy's relatives and Computer Friends have  gathered. In the BG, Teddy's Dad weeps volubly.
53) 0) text: Teddy's brother, NELSON, shows Milo the workspace: red  Stanford pennant, rubber trees on the desk. Milo, in a su peers at the painted-over epithet on the wall.
53) 5) text: Milo unpins a picture of himself &amp; Teddy from a board
55) 8) text: They smile. For a moment, they've brought Teddy back to l Alice comes up from behind, to fetch Milo.
57) 2) text: He looks at her, perhaps hearing Teddy's words ("what're chances?"). He nods, moves on. She watches him head up th hall.
59) 5) text: Seeing Gary's code, Milo knits his brow: it must be sort like -- Teddy's.
59) 9) text: Milo's smile freezes. As he stares at Gary, we zoom with reverse dolly so that the background retreats queasily bu Gary remains dominant in frame. For Milo, it feels like t very ground is going out from under him. Gary continues to explain, pointing at lines of code. And Milo pretends to listen. But he can't even make out the w Gary speaks -- he hears only a jumble of echoes. Milo nods mechanically; he wants to scream. Or run. He  perceives, amid the echoes, that Gary is standing, smilin saying "See you later." And he's gone. Milo touches the pages, like some talisman of Teddy.
64) 0) text: Milo's at the closet, rummaging among the clothes hanging there. Alice comes up behind him. He finds his suit jacke He digs in one pocket, then another. He finds the fiber o strand (from Teddy's floor). Shows it to her.
100) 0) text: Milo works the keyboard. Again, the code gets dense and  obscure as he goes deeper. He succeeds in calling-up a  graphical interface. Among the menus he can choose from a TARGET SCHOOLS, PD UPLOADS, RX UPLOADS. He clicks Target Schools, a menu shoots down (Berkeley, C Tech, etc.). He clicks Stanford, then Chin, Teddy. Two wi open. In one, there is a video stream of Teddy winning an award in the Gate's Bldg. In the other, uploaded police v stenciled SUNNYVALE PD) of the White Supremacists whose m shots we saw in the San Jose Mercury; they're being  interrogated. In the first window, Teddy's image dissolves into a handh crime-scene video (marked SV-PD) of a ransacked grocery s "DIE GOOK!" is painted on a wall. Milo looks confused: so "narrative" is unfolding, but it remains obscure without  audio. He types some more. In the bottom window, he brings up convoluted text regard the audio. About the only phrases we can understand are:  "Audio Block ON" and "Hardware Requirement: Magnetic Filt Type PBX-R17." His eyes cast about the room for some suitable hardware  substitute. He digs in his shirt pocket. He takes out his swipe card, studies it. He casts about some more, till he sees some kids' safety scissors in a jar.
121) 0) text: They're in a bandshell. The rain falls heavily, drips off the eaves. She holds the filament from Teddy's workspace.
225) 2) text: TIGHT ON: A PC SCREEN - Teddy Chin's recruitment file is one window, the hate crime footage is in another.