33) 8) dialog: You've got her too high. Huteh on the dock. We see him from further off and higher, He tries to gesticulate as much as the weather-forecasting equipment he is carrying will allow him, He shouts and wind blows his words away so we hear them only partially.
39) 5) dialog: Please don't read books. No pregnancy was ever vexactly “like. the ones described in the books, And don't ao listen to your friends either, No two — pregnancies are ever alike,
39) 7) dialog: No, no pills, Minnie Castevet has a herbarium, I'm going to have her make a daily drink-for you that will be fresher, safer and more vitamin-rich than any: pill on the market. Any questions you have, call me night or day, Call me, not your Aunt Fanny, That's what Itm here for, The INT, GUY AND ROSEMARY'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - (DAY) - 2 Mrs, Castevet holds out to Rosemary a large glass of watery pistachio milkshake,
41) 0) text: NOVEMBER g tl DR. SAPIRSTEIN and Rosemary across the desk, DR. SAPIRSTEIN . An entirely natural expansion of the pelvis. You can fight it with ordinary aspirin,
41) 2) dialog: (Sceptically) Ectopic? I thought you weren't going to read books, Rosemary.
41) 4) dialog: And all it did was worry you. Will you go home and throw it away, please. 72267 . (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 87. 76. (Cont'd)
41) 7) dialog: The pains will be gone in two days. (Shaking his head) . Ectopic pregnancy.
46) 2) text: MRS. SABATINI and her cat, In two armchairs sit DR. SAPIRSTEIN and ROSEMARY. GUY is at her side, resting on the arm of her chair.
46) 3) dialog: It'll stop any day now.
46) 5) dialog: Usually older women, with less flexible joints have this sort of trouble,
46) 7) dialog: You don't have to <= Mrs. Castevet brings DR. SHAND towards them.
56) 1) dialog: (Amazed ) Fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. What did you say the name was, 'Machado'!?
56) 8) dialog: (Shaking his head) I understand how disturbed you must be to have him for a close neighbor.
56) 12) text: Dr. Sapirstein laughs.
56) 13) dialog: No, Rosemary. I would have seen evidence oF it long ago.
56) 15) dialog: You won't have to, I can give you some pills that will be adequate in these last few weeks, In a way this may be the answer to Minnie and Roman's problem too,
56) 17) dialog: Roman is very ill. In fact - confidentially - he haa no more than a month or two left to him,
56) 22) dialog: He wanted to pay a last visit to a few of his favorite cities, but they didn't want to offend you by leaving before the baby's birth.
56) 24) dialog: He would be extremely embarrassed if he knew what you found out. Suppose we do this: I'll tell them to leave on Sunday. I'll say I spoke to you, and you understand.
56) 26) dialog: I'll see to it,
58) 34) text: She hangs up; looks at the time (nine after four), | She takes a fold of bills from underneath Guy's : . underwear in the drawer, puts them in her handbag, She puts in also the bottle of vitamin capsules and her address book, She takes the suitcase standing by_ the bedroom door and goes out, Halfway down the hallway, she turns and doubles back, She rides down in the service elevator with TWO DELIVERY BOYS, ao = lly. INT. DR. SAPIRSTEIN'S OUTER OFFICE - (DAY) Rosemary is standing with her suitcase in front of the RECEPTIONIST's desk. Another woman (MRS, BYRON) sits reading, The Receptionist looks at the suitcase and smiles,
60) 16) text: No, Dr. Shand is one of the group. The doctor is Dr. Sapirstein.
62) 2) dialog: Come with us quietly, Rosemary. Don't argue or make a scene, because if you say anything more about witches or witchcraft we're going to be forced to take you to a mental hospital. You don't want that, do you? So put your shoes on. Guy finally looks at her,
62) 4) dialog: Or the baby. Put your shoes on. (Continued ) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
62) 10) dialog: (To Dr. Hill) She's fine now. (To Rosemary) We're going to go home and rest. Dr. Hill smiles at Rosemary.
62) 12) dialog: Thank you for your trouble, Doctor.
63) 0) text: There is a car waiting with Mr. Gilmore at the wheel. Rosemary sits in-the back between Guy and Dr. Sapirstein. The suitcase is put on the front seat. Nobody says anything; they drive in silence.
64) 0) text: Guy, Rosemary and Dr. Sapirstein walk across the lobby towards the elevator. Diego smiles at Rosemary from the open door of the elevator. As they walk Rosemary sneaks open her handbag at her side, hooks a finger through the key ring and holding onto the keys, spills the handbag onto the floor near the elevator. There are coins, rolling lipstick, bills fluttering all over the floor. Rosemary looks down stupidly. Guy and Dr. Sapirstein start to pick the contents up. Diego comes out to help them, making tongue-teeth sounds of concern. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 149.
64) 27) dialog: This is nothing but a mild sedative to calm you down, - Rosemary is between the bed and the wall. They come toward her.
64) 30) dialog: Wait a minute, wait a minute now; we happen to be in labor here. Silence. Whispers outside the room.
64) 36) dialog: Here. . Rosemary struggles. In the confusion of this scene we hear Rosemary's voice, without knowing if she is saying the words-or if they are her thoughts, At the same time, Guy is speaking into Rosemary's ear.
66) 13) dialog: There were complications, Rosemary, but nothing that will effect future births.
66) 15) dialog: , Dead. CS . Rosemary stares at Dr. Sapirstein. He nods. She turas to Guy. He nods too. : 72-67 (Contimed) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
66) 17) dialog: It was in the wrong position, In the hospital I might have been able to do something, but you wouldn't listen -
66) 19) dialog: Absolutely. You can start on another in a very few months.