0) 0) text: Panoramic of New York from a high building, finishing on the Bramford,. GUY and ROSEMARY WOODHOUSE enter the main gate of the Bramford.
1) 2) dialog: Let's see. I did Hamlet a while back, didn't I, Liz? And then we made The Sandpiper...
2) 27) dialog: What are all these?
2) 30) dialog: Mmm. (Noncomittally but squeezing back her hand)
2) 38) dialog: What she's trying to do is get you to lower the rent.
2) 43) dialog: I see why she went into a coma. (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 52) dialog: Whoever she locked in got out.
3) 0) text: Rosemary and Guy walk along.
3) 7) text: 0 7. (Cont'd) 8. Guy I'm leaving for Vietnam on a U.S.0. tour and you're going to Omaha to stay with your folks.
3) 9) dialog: No. When I'm in Saigon I'm to keep an eye open for Lieutenant Hartman of the Marine Corps. Joan Jellico reaches the table and bends over it.
3) 14) dialog: Sit down.
3) 28) dialog: (To Rosemary ) He's pulling your leg.
3) 30) dialog: Gee, that looks great. Hutch, holding the joint out in front of him, leads the way into the other room. This is small, dark and neat. There is an inscribed photo of Winston Churchill and a period sofa. Two bridge tables, each with its typewriter and piles of paper. There is another table at the side, laid for dinner and looking out of place. Hutch goes to this fl @ table and puts down the joint.
3) 36) dialog: Lovely.
3) 45) dialog: The house?
3) 50) dialog: Danger zoneb Sounds like something out of your boys! stories. You must be kidding.
3) 52) dialog: Well, Jesus, Hutch --
3) 56) dialog: You really rouse my appetitet (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 0) text: IG » 19 Guy and Rosemary enter. He is carrying a lamp and a shopping bag. Rosemary pulls the key out of the door and follows Guy along the hallway. The apartment is empty, except for a few pieces of furniture in the den, from Mrs. Gardenia's son. The rooms are dark and full of shadows. Faint blue light comes through the win- dows. Guy turns into the living room, Rosemary to the bedroom; there are many packages spread on the floor (results of the shopping) and a solitary vanity. Rosemary kneels, opens a wooden crate, and pulls out three plates from the shavings. Guy comes in; she hands him the plates and starts putting back the shavings. We hear a woman's voice from behind the wall. MRS. CASTEVET (0.s.) Roman? Bring me in some root beer when you come! Guy and Rosemary look at each other. : Guy I didn't know they were still making Ma and Pa Kettle movies. He goes back to the living room. Rosemary follows him. On her way, she stops and looks toward the closet at the end of the hallway. She goes to it and opens it slowly. She takes out one of the four boards leaning against the side, turns it and looks at it. Guy has plugged the lamp in the living room and a light comes through the archway.
8) 0) text: Completely furnished and equipped. Rosemary is wash- ing salad. There are preparations for dinner on the table. A large potted plant stands on the fridge and a smaller one on the floor. Guy comes in. Rosemary, holding her dripping hands away, kisses him. She points to the large plant.
8) 3) dialog: (Striking a pose) "The Bramford will change from a bad house to a good house when one of its doors is marked R. and G. Woodhouse." They both collapse in laughter. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca © 16.
10) 0) text: Rosemary is in the closet at the. end of the hailway. She is sticking the gingham contact paper on the top shelf. The shelves below are already finished. Guy comes in. Rosemary shows him the shelves.
11) 0) text: Rosemary and Guy. He's eating a sandwich, with a newspaper open at the theatrical page, and a can of beer in front of him. (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
11) 5) dialog: Mmm.
11) 8) dialog: Yes, honey.
13) 0) text: Guy is sitting in front of the TV set eating a bag of Fritos. Rosemary enters with Terry.
13) 1) dialog: Them sure must be clean clothes.
13) 9) dialog: Are you sure it wasn't Donald Baumgart?
13) 15) dialog: You know, you remind me of some~ body. ro TERRY I've got to go now. The Castevets eat at six. Rosemary opens the door.
15) 0) text: Guy in bed reading. Rosemary in front of her vanity mirror, brushing her hair, We hear a WOMAN'S voice behind the wall.
15) 2) text: But it's impossible to be a hundred per cent sure? Tf you want my opinion, we shouldn't teli her at ail; that's my opinicni The voice fades away, Guy lifts his head from his book; Rosemary turns round: they both look at the wali. Guy Jesus!
15) 5) text: ale 24. (Cont'd) 7-267 and Guy walk faster, hand in hand, straining to get a better view. Cars on the street slow questioningly; windows scrape open in-the Bramford and heads look out -beside gargcyle's heads, The NIGHT DOORMAN, TOBY, comes from the house with a tan blanket. A POLICEMAN turns to take it from him. The roof of a Volkswagen is crumpled to the sides the windshield is crazed with a million fractures.
15) 9) dialog: Oh, Jesus. Oh my God.
15) 11) dialog: We know her, A SECOND POLICEMAN turns towards them. He is forty or so and sweating, His eyes are blue and beautiful, with thick, black lashes,
15) 13) dialog: Terry.
15) 15) dialog: Ro? What was her name? Terry what? (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca lan
15) 52) dialog: Wetre in Seven E.
15) 63) dialog: It's such a pity. It's -
19) 13) text: I'll have to check with Guy, but you go ahead and count on us.
19) 18) text: Guy Donald Baumgart got that part. the living room carrying a sandwich and a glass of beer which she gives to Guy, sitting in the new chair.
19) 20) text: Even if it folds out of town, it's the kind of part that gets noticed. Guy opens the corner of his sandwich, looks in bitterly, closes it, and starts eating.
19) 21) text: | : Mrs. Castevet was here. To thank me for what I said about Terry. She's the nosiest person I've ever seen, She actually asked the prices of things. Guy No kidding.
19) 24) dialog: Ah, Jesus, Ro, we don't want to do that, do we?
19) 26) dialog: Honey, if we get friendly with an old couple like that we're never going to get them off our necks. They're right e across the wall! 7-2h-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
19) 30) dialog: I thought you told her you had to check first.
19) 34) dialog: Oh, hell, We'll go.
20) 7) dialog: (faking one and sitting) Noo
20) 20) dialog: Fairbanks, Alaska.
21) 0) text: Guy, Rosemary, Mr. and Mrs. Castevet are sitting at the table, eating.
21) 3) dialog: Well, that's show biz. Mr. and Mrs. Castevet laugh, Guy along with them. Rosemary smiles and cuts her steak, It is difficult to cut, and flanked by peas and mashed potatoes. From her expression we can gather it doesn't taste good either.
21) 20) dialog: Me? No.
21) 22) dialog: Now We can see from Rosemary's expression that the Boston cream pie isn't too good. She looks at Guy but he is eating away avidiy. T-2h-67 { Continued)
21) 28) dialog: I used to do a thing with my arms when Luther had the fits a sort of involun- tary reaching =
21) 33) dialog: That makes two of us. Guy laughs but he is pleased, He casts a bright~ eyed glance at Rosemary, She smiles back. urs. Castevet holds out the Boston cream pie towards uy.
21) 36) text: — MR, CASTEVET (CONT'D) carry you very far indeed; provided, of course, that you get those initial 'preaks', Are you preparing for a show now? Guy I'm up for a couple of parts,
21) 38) dialog: I can.
21) 58) dialog: No, it's interesting, Mrs. Castevet.
22) 0) text: Rosemary and Guy go along the hallway and the door closes behind them, They both give relieved sighs, look at each other and laugh.
22) 1) dialog: Naow Roman, yew stop bendin' Guy's ee-yurs with them thar Mojestky sto-rees / Laughing, Rosemary hushes him, They run hand in hand on ultra-quiet tiptces to their own door,
23) 0) text: Rosemary and Guy slam, lock, bolt and chain the doors; Guy nai?s it over with imaginary beams, pushes up three imaginary boulders, hoists an imaginary draw- bridge, mops his brow and pants while Rosemary bends over double and laughs into both hands.
23) 1) dialog: About that steak.
23) 8) dialog: (Indicating wall) Shhh --
23) 10) dialog: Let's be nice; maybe they'11 will it to us.
23) 12) dialog: A bidet.
23) 14) dialog: No.
23) 18) text: C) 36. (Cont'd) oe Guy (Cont'd) Itm going to go over there again tomorrow night and hear ‘some more.
23) 20) dialog: He asked me. (Holding out his hand) Can you get this off for me? Rosemary goes to him and works at the link, feeling suddenly lost and uncertain.
23) 22) dialog: (Shrugging ) Wetll see them next week. Rosemary gets the link out and holds it in her palm. Guy takes it. .
23) 23) dialog: Thanks. You don't have to come along if you don't want to; you can stay here.
23) 27) dialog: What do you mean?
23) 29) dialog: (Looking at her) I didn't notice. | 37. — INT. GUY AND ROSEMARY'S APARTMENT = (DUSK) - 9 Rosemary puts a record on, picks up a book, sits on the new couch, puts up her feet and opens the book. The doorbell rings. She remains motionless for a moment. Then, closes the book, gets up and goes to the door. It's Mrs. Castevet and another woman, short, plump “ and smiling, with a Buckley-for-Mayor button on the shoulder of her green dress.
23) 74) dialog: No kidding} It's pretty though. Rosemary lifts the chain off over her head and holds it out between two fingers, the ball dangling at the: end of the chain. Guy Aren't you going to wear it?
23) 76) dialog: It'« not bad. Rosemary goes into the bedroom and as she opens a drawer in the vanity, she catches her reflection in the mirror. She leans towards it and calls:
23) 78) text: 52.4 a 38. (Cont'd) . Guy / If you took it, you ought to wear it. Rosemary turns; Guy is leaning against the door frame Instead of answering Rosemary opens a tin Louis Sherry box in the drawer, puts the charm in the box, . closes it and closes the drawer.
23) 83) dialog: All right. I won't.
23) 86) dialog: I know. Go to sleep, honey.
23) 88) dialog: @ I will. 7-2 -67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
23) 90) dialog: I love you, Ro. yo. INT, LIVING ROOM = (DAY) = SEPTEMBER 25, 1965 Guy holds out a pair of theatre tickets to Rosemary.
23) 91) dialog: Here, these are for the "Fantasticks", Alan Stone gave them to me so why don't you call Hutch or somebody and go and see it,
23) 93) dialog: I saw it ages ago. ql. INT. TAXI - DRIVING ALONG AN AVENUE - (NIGHT)
25) 0) text: Rosemary, taking off her silk coat, goes into the Bathroom. Guy is getting out of the shower, wrapping himself in a towel, He kisses Rosemary vivaciously. GuY How was it?
25) 2) dialog: Yes, I've got it down cold. Rosemary sniffs. “ROSEMARY Damn that tannis root. It's even in here. Resemary goes to the Kitchen (tossing her coat on the way into the Bedroom).
25) 4) dialog: No kidding.
25) 16) dialog: (Quickly) Yes? This is he. (Long silence) Oh, God, no. Oh, the poor guy.
25) 17) text: Rosemary goes to the Bedroom doors; Guy is sitting on the bed, the phone in one hand and a can of Red Devil paint remover in the other, He doesn't look at Rosemary. ‘ Guy And they don’t have any idea what's causing it? My God, that's awful, just awful. Guy straightens up, listening.
25) 18) dialog: Yes I am. (Listens) Yes, I would. I'd hate to get it this way, but I - (Listens again) Well, you'd have to speak to my agent about that end of it. (Listens) Alan Stone, but I'm sure there won't be any problem, Mr. Weiss, not as far as we’re concerned. @ Rosemary, standing in the doorway, holds her breath, waiting. 72-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
25) 20) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Weiss. Guy hangs up and shuts his eyes. He sits motionless, his hand staying on the phone. He is pale and dumny- like, a Pop Art wax statue with real clothes and props, real phone, real can of paint remover,
25) 24) dialog: Ive got the part. It's hell of a way to get it. Guy looks at the paint remover in his hand and puts it on the night table.
25) 25) dialog: Listen, I've got to get out and walk around.
26) 0) text: Guy is sitting in an easy chair, cigarette between his fingers. He is motionless but his eyes follow Rosemazy as she vacuum cleans the room. She works thoroughly, gradually moving toward the door, After she has dis- appeared into the hall, the SOUND of the cleaner stops. Guy, still in the same position, slowly lifts the cig- arette to his mouth, Rosemary comes back without the cleaner. She walks slowly towards Guy and stands silently in front of him. They look at each other.
26) 3) dialog: Why don't you go?
27) 0) text: Rosemary comes in, her coat still on and carrying a shopping bag. There are roses in a vase'on the table. Rosemary puts down the shopping bag and goes in sur- prise to examine them, She inhales their scent. Taking off her coat, she goes into the Living Room. There are roses there also. Guy comes in from the Bedroom, one rose in his hand, and kisses her.
27) 1) dialog: I've been a creep. It's from worrying Beumgart would regain his sight, rat that I am.
27) 9) dialog: Yes, I have. I've been too busy tearing my hair out over my career, Let's have a baby, okay? et's have three, one at a time. Rosemary looks at him. Guy A baby. Yeu know, Goo, goo? Diapers? Waa, waa?
27) 12) dialog: No, I'm kidding. Sure I mean it. Look, Rosemary, for God's sake don't cry, all right? Please.
29) 0) text: Rosemary is sitting at her vanity, dressed in burgundy silk lounging pajamas, She makes up her eyes, powders (Gontinued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca cy 50. 7-267 60. us. (conta) her face and perfumes herself. She HEARS the front door open off-screen and goes out into the hallway. Guy has just come into the apartment. Rosemary meeta him and they kiss. . Guy Mmm, you look good encugh to eat. Damnt
29) 2) dialog: I forgot the pie.
29) 4) dialog: I passed two of those damn retail stores; not one but two.
29) 10) text: Isn't it gorgeous? I hope we have the coldest winter ever, Guy puts on a record.
29) 14) dialog: Who says there's nothing to ESP? He comes towards the table and brings forth his hands with two white custard cups sitting one on each palm. Guy Madame and Monsieur shall have ze dessairt after all. He puts.one cup by Rosemary's wine glass and the other by his own. The cups are filled with peaked swirls of chocolate. One. topped with a sprinkling of chopped nuts. The other with a half walnut. Guy Mousse au chocolat (Sitting) or 'chocolate mouse', as Minnie ealls it. Rosemary laughs happily. Guy replaces his napkin and pours more wine.
29) 16) dialog: No, she just wanted us to try it, seein' as how it's one of her speci-al-ities.
29) 18) dialog: You're right. Youtre right. Guy and Rosemary start eating the chocolate mousse.
29) 27) dialog: I don't get it. After a few swallows, Rosemary puts down her spoon.
29) 28) dialog: That's silly, honey, there's no 'tundertaste',
29) 30) dialog: Come on, the old bat slaved all day; eat it.
29) 32) dialog: It's delicious.
29) 36) text: on 64. Sl. (Cont'd) closed and then showily scrapes clean the inside of the cup and swallows down the scrappings as Guy comes” back to the table.
29) 38) dialog: Two of them. I'm sorry if I was stuffy.
29) 40) dialog: I'm sorry. He smiles and kisses her.
30) 1) dialog: The Pope at Yankee Stadium. Christ, what a mob!
30) 4) text: 656 52. (Cont'd) 536 5k. 7-24-67 Guy stands up anxiously. Guy What is it?
30) 6) dialog: No wonder, all that booze. You probably had an empty stomach, too, He helps her towards the bedroom but her legs buckle. He catches her up and carries her, He puts her down on the bed and sits beside her, taking her hand and stroking her forehead sympathetically. Rosemary closes her eyes.
32) 0) text: Guy is sitting beside Rosemary stroking her forehead,
32) 1) dialog: A good night's sleep.
32) 11) dialog: To make you more comfortable.
33) 0) text: Back on the yacht. Guy is holding the legs of Rosemary's pajamas and pulling them away from her. Rosemary.tries to hide her nudity; she looks around and sees other ladies on the yacht. They are wearing bikinis = so is Rosemary. The Skipper is in his Navy. uniform, Hutch is standing on the dock with armloads of weather-forecasting equipment. Rosemary comes to the Skipper and asks him very quietly - in dream sequences everybody speaks quietly.
33) 11) dialog: She's awake, she sees}
33) 31) dialog: Hay, it's after nine. Rosemary pushes his hand away and turns over onto her stomach, her face deep in the pillow.
33) 35) dialog: . Ten after nihe. Rosemary sits up.
33) 37) dialog: You didn't go to sleep, honey, you passed out. From now on you get cocktails or wine, not cock- tails and wine. . ROSEMARY . (Rubbing her forehead and closing her eyes) The dreams I had. . 7+2h-67 _ (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
33) 39) dialog: Don't yell. I already filed them down,
33) 40) text: He shows short, smooth ‘fingernails. : Rosemary looks at him uncomprehendingly. ROSEMARY GUY — ~ You mean you - while I was - I didn't want to miss Baby out? Night.- And a couple of my nails were ragged, Guy nods and grins. Guy It was kind of fun in a necrophile sort of way. Rosemary looks away, pulling the blanket back up. ao, “ROSEMARY I dreamed someone was - raping me. I don't know -- someone unhuman,.
33) 41) dialog: Thanks a lot. Rosemary turns further away and swings her legs out on the other side of the bed, : Guy , What's the matter? Rosemary sits there, not looking around at him,
33) 43) dialog: I didn't want to miss the night.
33) 45) text: 726 oN 58. (Cont'd) 59. 60. | ‘- 61. ! 62. 7-267 Guy runs a finger up Rosemary's back. She squirms away from it.
33) 47) dialog: I'm sorry I scratched you, I was a wee bit loaded myself,
36) 3) dialog: About what? Rosemary looks at Guy. He seems genuinely unknowing.
36) 5) dialog: 
36) 9) dialog: No, don't say that. What is it?
36) 11) dialog: Ah, look, honey. I kmow I've been preoccupied, with the part and all. Well gee whiz, Ro, it's important @ you know? It doesn't mean I don't love you. He leans across the table and kisses her,
37) 17) dialog: (Without looking up) It was due on Friday.
37) 20) dialog: You want to bet? To2h—67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
37) 23) dialog: A quarter?
37) 25) dialog: You're going to lose, Ro.
37) 81) dialog: What's this for? He catches on, takes Rosemary by the shoulders and kisses her, Guy Oh, that's great, honey! Just great.
37) 84) dialog: It's true, I'm so Goddamned self-centered, Ro, That's what the whole trouble is. You know I love you though, don't you? I do, Ro. I swear to God.. I'll be as open as -
37) 89) dialog: Gee, honey. Do you know what I'd love to do?
37) 92) dialog: Tell Minnie and Roman. (Raising a hand) I know, I kmow, it's supposed to be a deep dark secret. But I told them we were trying. They were so pleased -
38) 14) dialog: Ro? + 72-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
38) 20) dialog: In the tedroom, Mrs. Castevet goes into the Bedroom, Mr. Castevet pours glasses of wine,
38) 28) dialog: Thanks a million, Minnie.
38) 33) dialog: Hear, hear. They all drink.
39) 0) text: Guy and Rosemary are in bed. Guy is asleep on his side, but Rosemary's eyes are wide open. She lies on her back with her hands folded across her stomach.
40) 0) text: Guy is practising with crutches, repeating his lines from the script. Rosemary comes in. She has a new haircut. Guy looks at her,
40) 1) dialog: What's this?
40) 3) dialog: You didn't pay them for that, did you?
40) 9) dialog: Did you see Dr. Sapirstein?
40) 11) dialog: But this 1s ridiculous! Why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you see Dr. Sapirstein?
42) 59) dialog: Hey, what a surprise. He comes over and grabs Hutch's hand before. he can rise.
42) 60) dialog: How are you, Hutch? Good to sée you. He clasps Rosemary's head in his other hand and bends and kisses her cheek and lips.
42) 62) dialog: Ah, they stopped for a rewrite, the dumb bastards. Stay where you are, nobody move, He goes out to the closet,
42) 64) dialog: Loot. Guy tears a pack open, jams cigarettes up, and pulls one out. He winks at Rosemary as she sits down again.
42) 66) text: 956 CN 80. (Cont'd) Guy : ' (Lighting up) It's wonderful, isn't it?
42) 70) dialog: Oh, did you? Funny old duck, isn't he?
42) 72) dialog: Youtre kidding?
42) 74) dialog: It's a shame we haven't seen more of you lately.. With me so busy and Ro being the way she is, we really haven't seen anyone.
42) 76) dialog: Sure. Hutch rises. Guy goes to get his coat.
42) 83) dialog: It's not mine, it must be yours.
42) 87) dialog: Sarah? What happened to Susan? Guy gives Hutch his hat. Hutch shows them a fur-lined glove and feels in his pockets again. a am Nf HUTCH Is there another one of these around? Rosemary looks round the floor and Guy goes to the eloset to look down on the floor and up on the shelf. Guy I dontt see it, Hutch.
42) 89) dialog: Definitely.
42) 91) dialog: (To Rosemary) That was a nice surprise.
42) 97) dialog: What?
42) 99) dialog: Good old Hutch. He picks up his coat from the closet and puts it on.
42) 100) dialog: Spreading cheer wherever he goes. Rosemary looks at him questioningly. Guy moves to the front door. Guy Going to get a paper. He turns back to look at Rosemary, over his shoulder.
42) 101) dialog: (Opening the door) : He is a professional crape-hanger, honey.
42) 103) dialog: (Going out) Then he sure is one of the top- ranking amateurs.
43) 0) text: Guy watches television.
44) 0) text: Rosemary in bed reading. The telephone rings in the other room. We hear Guy answering it and after a moment, he appears in ‘the doorway, phone in hand.
44) 1) dialog: Hutch wants to speak to you. He puts the phone on the bed and plugs it in. 72-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 98. os 82, (Cont'd) a GUY I told him you were resting. He said it couldn’t wait. Rosemary picks up the receiver. The television is still playing in the other room and we can hardly hear Hutch's voice. .
44) 15) dialog: What was that? 7-24-67 (Continued)
44) 23) dialog: What about?
46) 2) text: MRS. SABATINI and her cat, In two armchairs sit DR. SAPIRSTEIN and ROSEMARY. GUY is at her side, resting on the arm of her chair.
46) 10) text: (Holding up a bottle of champagne) One mimite to gol Guy looks at his watch, stands up and goes toward Mr. Castevet. Mr. Castevet opens the champagne. He is an attentive and energetic host. Mrs. Castevet and Guy help with glasses. The champagne is passed around.
48) 0) text: Guy, in his pajamas, goes across the hallway. He enters the kitchen, Rosemary his the Life Cookbook open on the table and is copying a recipe from it. Guy What the hell are you doing?
48) 6) dialog: Whew} For a minute there I didntt think I was going to make it.
48) 8) dialog: Swell. Do you really think this is such a great idea?
48) 11) dialog: Don't you think you ought to check with Sapirstein first?
48) 13) dialog: What about the pain?
49) 24) dialog: Thanks. Weren't nothin' to it. Do you want me to bring in the dip, Ro?
49) 26) dialog: (To Elise) Would you get the other one?
49) 28) text: Sure. Elise takes the second bowl and follows Guy out. PORTIA HAYNES and DEE BERTILLON arrive. They leave their coats in the bedroom. In the living room, Guy puts dip on table.
49) 30) dialog: I dontt know. Rosemary enters with roses. Mike wig-wags over heads and mouths "Congratulations." Rosemary smiles and mouths "Thanks."
50) 14) dialog: Hey, let me in.
50) 16) dialog: Let me speak to Rosemary.
51) 0) text: There are dirty glasses, used napkins and spilling-over ashtrays all round, Rosemary is sitting. Guy is stand- ing with his hands on his hips; looking round the room. Guy The thing to do now is move.
51) 2) dialog: Yes?
51) 5) dialog: Rosemary.
51) 8) dialog: Is that what those bitches were giving you in there? Is that their hint for today? — 7-24-67 ‘ (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
51) 15) dialog: We'll have to pay Sapirstein and pay Hill too. It's out of the question.
51) 18) dialog: I won't let you. It's - it's not fair to Sapirstein. Rosemary rises.
51) 23) dialog: Ro? Rosemary catches her breath. Guy Ro? He takes a step forward, worried.
51) 25) dialog: What?
51) 27) dialog: Stopped?
51) 31) dialog: What was in the drink you made? Consternation. Rosemary doesn't answer immediately.
51) 33) dialog: What else? Rosemary giggles.
51) 34) dialog: Rosemary, for Christ's sake, what was in the drink? 7-2h.-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
51) 41) dialog: Yes. Yes, I felt it.
51) 43) dialog: It's wonderful. Rosemary holds her stomach again, looking down at it.
51) 45) dialog: I'll clean up some of this mess. He picks up an ashtray and a glass and another glass.
52) 0) text: The grumbling PAPERHANGER sticks yellow and white paper on the wall. Mrs. Castevet hands Rosemary the drink and a white cake. TWO WORKERS come with a bureau, Guy with a bathinette, and Rosemary with a crib. She is much bigger than before. She looks healthier and prettier. Rosemary puts baby clothes into the bureau; receiving blankets, waterproof pants and shirts. She holds up a tiny shirt to show Guy. They both laugh. 7-24-67 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
53) 2) dialog: What's that for?
53) 4) dialog: Honey, you have three weeks to <- The telephone rings, Rosemary goes to answer it. Guy strains to listen,
55) 0) text: The front door unlocks and pushes against the chain. Rosemary is sitting in the kitchen eating tuna fish; the open book in front of her. She lifts her head, listening. The doorbell rings and Rosemary goes to see who it is, It's Guy. She lets him in. He has a bunch of daisies and a box from Bronzini.
55) 1) text: Guy What's with the chain? Rosemary closes the door and rechains it. Guy What's the matter? He kisses her and gives her the daisies;
55) 2) dialog: Are you all right?
55) 4) dialog: How was the funeral? (Going towards the bedroom)
55) 8) dialog: I got the shirt that was in "The New Yorker". Rosemary takes the flowers into the living room. Guy comes in and shows her the shirt.
55) 10) text: Guy looks at her, blinks and frowns. ‘ Guy What do you mean, honey?
55) 17) dialog: ~ A coincidence.
55) 22) dialog: No, I guess not. (Springing through the pages) He's Steven Marcato, all right. Poor old geezer. With a crazy father like that no wonder he switched his name around, Rosemary looks at Guy uncertainly.
55) 24) dialog: (Smiling) What do you mean? A witch?
55) 25) text: Rosemary nods. Guy Ro, are you kidding? He laughs and gives the book back to her,
55) 26) dialog: Ah Ro, honey. He picks up his shirt and goes to the Living Room.
55) 28) dialog: Honey, it's 1966, Rosemary holds out the book towards him,
55) 34) dialog: Honey, don't get excited. Let's =
55) 39) dialog: Honey, they're old people and they have a bunch of old friends, and Dr, Shand happens to play the recorder, She goes to the window where the Scrabble set lay, holding the book in both hands; trembling.
55) 41) dialog: We are not.
55) 45) dialog: We'll talk about it later.
55) 46) text: Rosemary sits down next to the Serabble set. She closes it and, after a moment, opens the book and begins to read the final chapter: "Witchcraft and | Satanism", Guy comes back in without the shirt.
55) 47) dialog: I don't think you ought to read any more of that.
55) 49) dialog: Not today, honey. He puts his hand out and waits for her to give him the book.
55) 50) dialog: You're shaking. Come on, give it to me. You'll read it tomorrow,
56) 39) text: She kisses him again. A taxi comes, Guy and the Doorman stow the suitcases _ beside the DRIVER, Mrs. Castevet shoulders and grunts her way in, sweating under.the arms of her white dress, Mr, Castevet folds himself in beside her.
56) 46) dialog: Yes.
56) 48) dialog: What was that, honey?
56) 50) dialog: Oh, I put it in the garbage. Rosemary steps down and puts the books aside.
56) 53) dialog: I didn't think about that part of it. I'm sorry.
56) 55) dialog: I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking about Hutch.
58) 34) text: She hangs up; looks at the time (nine after four), | She takes a fold of bills from underneath Guy's : . underwear in the drawer, puts them in her handbag, She puts in also the bottle of vitamin capsules and her address book, She takes the suitcase standing by_ the bedroom door and goes out, Halfway down the hallway, she turns and doubles back, She rides down in the service elevator with TWO DELIVERY BOYS, ao = lly. INT. DR. SAPIRSTEIN'S OUTER OFFICE - (DAY) Rosemary is standing with her suitcase in front of the RECEPTIONIST's desk. Another woman (MRS, BYRON) sits reading, The Receptionist looks at the suitcase and smiles,
60) 0) text: Rosemary sits in an armchair. Dr, Hill sits beside the desk. o ROSEMARY You see, he lied to you. He said we were going to Hollywood. The worst thing of all, he is involved with them as well. He sleeps in pajamas now, He never used to before, He's probably hiding a mark. You lnow, they give you a mark when you join. All sorts of rituals. They hold Sabbaths there, You could hear them singing through the wall, Guy, my husband, said it was Dr. Shand, one of these people, playing a recorder. Now, how did he know it was Dr. Shand unless he was there with them? They're very clever, They planned everything from the beginning. I suppose they made some sort of a deal with Guy. They gave him success and he promised them a baby. To use in their rituals. I know, this sounds.crazy, but I've got books here, I'll show them to you. - Rosemary opens her suitease, takes the two books out of it, finds a place in the large one and hands it to Dr, Hill. ROSEMARY (Cont'd) There was another actor like him, © Donald Baumgart, and they cast a spell on him to make him blind, so Guy could get his part. Look, Here! Dr. Hill looks at the place. He puts the book on the desk and holding his hand on the page, reads it. While (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
62) 3) dialog: We're just going to take you home, No one's going to hurt you.
62) 13) dialog: It's a shame you had to come in here and -
63) 0) text: There is a car waiting with Mr. Gilmore at the wheel. Rosemary sits in-the back between Guy and Dr. Sapirstein. The suitcase is put on the front seat. Nobody says anything; they drive in silence.
64) 0) text: Guy, Rosemary and Dr. Sapirstein walk across the lobby towards the elevator. Diego smiles at Rosemary from the open door of the elevator. As they walk Rosemary sneaks open her handbag at her side, hooks a finger through the key ring and holding onto the keys, spills the handbag onto the floor near the elevator. There are coins, rolling lipstick, bills fluttering all over the floor. Rosemary looks down stupidly. Guy and Dr. Sapirstein start to pick the contents up. Diego comes out to help them, making tongue-teeth sounds of concern. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 149.
64) 5) text: The service elevator door apens; Guy and Dr, Sapirstein come out, rushing towards Rosemary, The apartment door opens;' Rosemary stumbles in. She slams the door behind. her, chains it and bolts it, leans against it, breathing. We hear a key being put into. the lock; immediately the door opens against the chain, We can see Guy's-face and the ° tips of his fingers through the crack. . Guy Open up, Ro.
64) 8) dialog: & } I didn't promise them anything. ' What are you talking about? Promised who? 7=2h-67 ( Continued)
64) 28) dialog: You know I wouldn't let anyone hurt you, Ro? Rosemary picks up the phone and strikes with the . receiver at Guy's head. He catches her wrist. Mr. Fountain catches her other arm and the phone falls. i as he pulls her around with startling strength.
64) 37) dialog: It was supposed to be Doctors You'll be all right, honey, Hospital! Doctors Hospital, swear to God you will! Don't with nurses and everything go on fighting like this, Ro, clean and sterile} please don't} I give you my a absolute word of honor you're Ad going to be perfectly all - rights Another contraction. Dr. Sapirstein gives Rosemary another injection. Mrs. Gilmore wipes Rosemary's forehead, The telephone rings. Guy She isn't here Elise, I'll have her call you back, Another contraction. Darkness. We hear Rosemary's voice.
65) 0) text: After a long moment of darkness - light. The ceiling. Guy sitting beside the bed watching Rosemary with an anxious, uncertain smile.
65) 1) dialog: Hi.
65) 10) dialog: A boy.
66) 10) text: Guy Honey.
66) 12) dialog: Honey. oe He tries to say more but can't. He looks across the bed for help. Dr. Sapirstein stands looking down at Rosemary
66) 18) dialog: We can have others, honey, just as soon as you're better, I promise you.
66) 20) text: Guy squeezes Rosemary's hand and smiles encouragingly at her. Guy As soon as you're better, Rosemary looks at them.
67) 0) text: Rosemary in bed with a tray of soup and buttered white bread on her lap. wuy, standing, hands her a glass o: water and a small white pill. Rosemary takes it. Guy Abe says it's called Prepartum I-don't-know, some kind of hysteria. You were really kapow out of your mind.
67) 7) dialog: Listen, I know how you got the idea Minnie and Roman were witches, but what made you think Abe and I had joined the party? Rosemary says nothing. Guy takes another of the bread triangles and bites off first one point and then another. Guy Let's face it, darling, you had the prepartum crazies. Now you're going to rest and get over them. (Leaning closer and taking her hand) I know this is the worst thing that ever happened to you, but from now on everything's going to be roses. Paramount is within an inch of where we want them, and suddenly Universal is interested too. We're going to blow this town and be in the beautiful hills of Beverly, with the. pool and the spice garden and the whole schmeer, And the kids, too, Ro. Scout's honor. You heard what Abe said. (He kisses her hand) Got to run now and get famous. He gets up and starts for the door,
67) 14) dialog: I generally prefer doing this to music. He takes off the T shirt; goes close to the bed, leans and shows Rosemary his left shoulder, It is unmarked. There is only a faint scar of a boil or pimple. Guy shows his other shoulder, his chest and back,
67) 15) dialog: (Grinning) This is as far as I go without a blue light.
69) 7) dialog: Hello, girls, PhewS Ninety-five outside,
69) 9) dialog: Some new peopie moved in. Up on eight.
69) 11) dialog: How did you know?
70) 0) text: Rosemary gets out of bed, slides her feet into slip= pers, the puts on her housecoat. Going quietly out of the bedroom, she walks tc the linen closet and opens it, The shelves lock neat and orderly, piled with bath towels, hand towels and winter blankets, Rosemary takes everything out of the closet except what is on the fixed top shelf, She puts towels and linens on the floor, then lifts out the four ginghame covered shelves, The back of the closet, below the top shelf, is a single large white-painted panel framed with narrow white molding. tanding close and leaning aside for better light, Rosemary san see that where the panei and the molding meet, the paint is- broken in a continuous line, She presses at one side of the panel and then at the other; presses harder, and it Swings inward on scraping hinges. Within is darkness; a@ second closet with a wire hanger glinting on the floor, and one bright spot of light, a keyhole. Pushing the panel all the way open, Rosemary steps into the second closet and ducks down, Through the keyhole, Rosemary sees at a distance a | small curic cabinet that stands at a job in the hall-= way of Mr, and Mrs, Castevet's apartment. Rosemary tries the door, It opens, She cleses it and backs out through her own closet and goes to the kitchen. From her knifesrack, Rosemary takes the longest sharpest carving knife. As she is leaving the kit= chen, we hear a key working in the lock of the front door. Rosemary rushes intc the nursery, brushing against the new bassinet, and presses herself against the wall, ‘Guy enters and goes into the kitchen, opens the fridge and takes out ice cubes. Rosemary sees that the bassinet is swinging. She stops it with the point of the long knife. Guy comes out of the kitehen with Hutch's ise bucket in his hand. He opens the entrance docr and goes out. Rosemary listens for a moment, then moves out to the front door and chains it. Holding the knife point- down at her side, she goes down the hallway to the linen closet door, She cpens it, goes through again into the second closet (quick glance at the under- neath of the fixed top .sheifs like in the dream), looks through the keyhole and cracks open the door into the Castevet's apartment, Holding the knife point forward, Rcesgemary pushes the door wide open and steps through. The hallway is empty. There are (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
70) 20) text: He has His Father's eyes. Rosemary looks at him, looks at Guy - whose eyes: are hidden behind a hand - looks at Mr. Castevet again.
70) 63) dialog: They promised me you wouldn't be hurt, and you haven't been, really. I mean, suppose you'd had a baby .- and lost its wouldn't it be the same? And we're getting so much in return, Ro, Rosemary puts the handkerchief on the table, looks at Guy, and, as hard as she can, spits at him. Guy flushes and turns away, wiping his face, Laura-Louise rocks the bassinet, The baby starts whimpering. Mr. Castevet catches Guy by the arm,