3) 23) dialog: I was tempted to write the manage- ment that you were drug addicts and litterbugs. Rosemary and Guy laugh.
3) 24) dialog: Instead, I lied and said that you'd be wonderful tenants.
3) 29) dialog: I'm not indeed. Hutch straightens up, red-faced, perspiring, holding a@ large joint of lamb.
3) 31) dialog: Are you aware that the Bramford had rather an unpleasant reputation early in the century? 7-2 -67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca ne
3) 33) dialog: It's where the Trench sisters performed their little dietary experiments, and Keith Kennedy held his parties. Adrian Marcato lived there too; so did Pearl Ames.
3) 35) dialog: The Trench sisters were two proper Victorian ladies. They cooked and ate several young children, including a niece.
3) 37) dialog: Adrian Marcato practiced witchcraft. He made quite a splash in the nineties, announcing he had conjured up the living Satan. Apparently people be- lieved him; so they attacked and nearly killed him in the Bramford lobby.
3) 39) dialog: Later the Keith Kennedy business began, and by the twenties the house was half empty. Guy I knew about Keith Kennedy, I didn't know Marcato lived there.
3) 41) dialog: World War Two filled the place up again. (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca fC 9
3) 47) dialog: It was called Black Bramford.
3) 49) dialog: The house happens to have a high incidence of unpleasant happenings. Why deliberately enter a danger zone?
3) 51) dialog: I am honestly trying to talk you out of it.
3) 53) dialog: Go to the Wyoming or the Osborne if you're dead set on nineteenth century splendor.
3) 55) dialog: In '59 a dead infant was found wrapped in newspaper in the basement.
3) 58) dialog: Have some more wine. Hutch refills the glasses.
14) 13) dialog: For God's sake don't even think about entertaining, Tell me, how is everything?
14) 15) dialog: It costs a fortune to furnish a place nowadays.
14) 17) dialog: Typical.
14) 19) dialog: They shed.
14) 23) dialog: It sounds as if you've moved into Sunnybrook Farm, I'm delighted,
33) 0) text: Back on the yacht. Guy is holding the legs of Rosemary's pajamas and pulling them away from her. Rosemary.tries to hide her nudity; she looks around and sees other ladies on the yacht. They are wearing bikinis = so is Rosemary. The Skipper is in his Navy. uniform, Hutch is standing on the dock with armloads of weather-forecasting equipment. Rosemary comes to the Skipper and asks him very quietly - in dream sequences everybody speaks quietly.
33) 9) dialog: Typhoon! Typhoon! It killed fifty-five people in London and it's heading this way. Back on the Yacht, The wind is even stronger. Rosemary looks for: the skipper but everybody is’ gone, The dock is infinite and bare, Far away, the NEGRO MATE firmly holds the wheel. Rosemary goes to him; she is about to warn him when the Negro Mate speaks without looking at her.
37) 0) text: Hutch is sitting barefoot between two bridge tables, each with its typewriter and piles of paper. Rosemary . is sitting on the sofa.
37) 2) dialog: Now I understand why you're so over joyed. Rosemary looks at Hutch and smiles.
37) 4) dialog: I see.
37) 6) dialog: I've a lot of good advice for you, but I'm going to shut up.
37) 9) dialog: I meant to ask you. You had another suicide up there at Happy House?
37) 11) dialog: No, you didn't.
37) 13) dialog: They didn't rehabilitate her very successfully, it would seem.
37) 15) dialog: Castevet. That's an odd name. French, I suppose?
42) 0) text: Hutch stands on the threshold, staring at Rosemary.
42) 1) dialog: My God! :
42) 3) dialog: = What's wrong with you? 7-24-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88. 79. (Cont'd)
42) 7) dialog: . Then what is it? Have you seen a doctor? ROSEMARY. oh, I might as well tell you,. I'm pregnant.
42) 8) dialog: That's ridiculous, Pregnant women gain weight, they don't lose it, oo ROSEMARY a I don't sleep well, I have stiff joints or something, so I have pains. Nothing serious. They enter the Living Room. Hutch sits in the easy chair.
42) 9) dialog: Well, congratulations, You must be very happy.
42) 11) dialog: Who's your obstetrician?
42) 13) dialog: He delivered two of my daughter's babies.
42) 17) dialog: When did you.see him last?
42) 19) dialog: And?
42) 21) dialog: How much weight have you lost?
42) 23) dialog: Nonsense} You've lost far more than that —
42) 25) dialog: Well, we'll assume Dr. Sapirstein knows whereof he speaks, He should; he charges enough.
42) 27) dialog: (Makes a move to rise) I'll goo
42) 41) dialog: Yes, she has, (Cont inued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
42) 43) text: 936 79. (Cont'd) HUTCH (Cont'd) . taking better care of Rosemary than her own parents would.
42) 46) dialog: (Rising) It's a pleasure to have met you.
42) 50) dialog: Nonsense; nobody has.
42) 52) dialog: Pierced ears and piercing eyes. Woat's she like?
42) 54) dialog: And you? 72-67 (Contimed) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
42) 65) dialog: It seems congratulations are in order. 7-2h-67 (Continued ) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
42) 67) dialog: When is the baby due?
42) 69) dialog: I met your neighbor, Roman Castevet.
42) 75) dialog: Perhaps we can have dinner together soon.
42) 77) dialog: = Thank you for the coffee, my dear. 7-24-67 (Contimed)
42) 84) dialog: Right you are. He turns around and puts his arms into the sleeves, Guy holding it for him. Hutch feels in his pockets.
42) 85) dialog: Have you thought about names yet? Or is it too soon?
42) 88) dialog: Nuisance. I probably left it at City Centre. I'11 stop back there. Let's really have that dinner, shall we?
44) 3) dialog: Tell me, dear, do you go out at all?
44) 5) dialog: Can you meet me tomorrow morning at eleven in front of the Time-Life Building?
44) 8) dialog: I'd rather not. We can have an early lunch if you'd like.
44) 12) dialog: No, they didn't have it. Good night. Rosemary. Sleep well.
70) 0) text: Rosemary gets out of bed, slides her feet into slip= pers, the puts on her housecoat. Going quietly out of the bedroom, she walks tc the linen closet and opens it, The shelves lock neat and orderly, piled with bath towels, hand towels and winter blankets, Rosemary takes everything out of the closet except what is on the fixed top shelf, She puts towels and linens on the floor, then lifts out the four ginghame covered shelves, The back of the closet, below the top shelf, is a single large white-painted panel framed with narrow white molding. tanding close and leaning aside for better light, Rosemary san see that where the panei and the molding meet, the paint is- broken in a continuous line, She presses at one side of the panel and then at the other; presses harder, and it Swings inward on scraping hinges. Within is darkness; a@ second closet with a wire hanger glinting on the floor, and one bright spot of light, a keyhole. Pushing the panel all the way open, Rosemary steps into the second closet and ducks down, Through the keyhole, Rosemary sees at a distance a | small curic cabinet that stands at a job in the hall-= way of Mr, and Mrs, Castevet's apartment. Rosemary tries the door, It opens, She cleses it and backs out through her own closet and goes to the kitchen. From her knifesrack, Rosemary takes the longest sharpest carving knife. As she is leaving the kit= chen, we hear a key working in the lock of the front door. Rosemary rushes intc the nursery, brushing against the new bassinet, and presses herself against the wall, ‘Guy enters and goes into the kitchen, opens the fridge and takes out ice cubes. Rosemary sees that the bassinet is swinging. She stops it with the point of the long knife. Guy comes out of the kitehen with Hutch's ise bucket in his hand. He opens the entrance docr and goes out. Rosemary listens for a moment, then moves out to the front door and chains it. Holding the knife point- down at her side, she goes down the hallway to the linen closet door, She cpens it, goes through again into the second closet (quick glance at the under- neath of the fixed top .sheifs like in the dream), looks through the keyhole and cracks open the door into the Castevet's apartment, Holding the knife point forward, Rcesgemary pushes the door wide open and steps through. The hallway is empty. There are (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca