6) 0) text: IG » 19 Guy and Rosemary enter. He is carrying a lamp and a shopping bag. Rosemary pulls the key out of the door and follows Guy along the hallway. The apartment is empty, except for a few pieces of furniture in the den, from Mrs. Gardenia's son. The rooms are dark and full of shadows. Faint blue light comes through the win- dows. Guy turns into the living room, Rosemary to the bedroom; there are many packages spread on the floor (results of the shopping) and a solitary vanity. Rosemary kneels, opens a wooden crate, and pulls out three plates from the shavings. Guy comes in; she hands him the plates and starts putting back the shavings. We hear a woman's voice from behind the wall. MRS. CASTEVET (0.s.) Roman? Bring me in some root beer when you come! Guy and Rosemary look at each other. : Guy I didn't know they were still making Ma and Pa Kettle movies. He goes back to the living room. Rosemary follows him. On her way, she stops and looks toward the closet at the end of the hallway. She goes to it and opens it slowly. She takes out one of the four boards leaning against the side, turns it and looks at it. Guy has plugged the lamp in the living room and a light comes through the archway.
9) 1) dialog: Terry? Where's Terry? Rosemary straightens up and moves cn and looks at the door of Seven B. There is a little geliden plate: MESSRS. DUBIN and DeVORE.
15) 25) text: 266 (Cont'd) An old couple is coming along the street. MRS. CASTEVET is wrapped in light blue, with snow-white dabs of gloves, purse, shoes and hat. Nurselike she supports her husband's forearm. He is dazzling, in an every-colour seersucker jacket, red slacks, a pink bow tie, and a grey fedora with a pink band, He is seventy= five or older; she is sixty-eight or nine. They come closer with expressions of young alertness, with friend- ly quizzical smiles, The 2nd Policeman steps forward to meet them and their smiles falter and fall away. Mrs. Castevet says something worryingly; MR. CASTEVET frowns and shakes his head, His wide thin-lipped mouth is rosy-pink, as if lipstickeds; his cheeks are chalky, his eyes small and bright in deep sockets, She is big- nosed, with a sullen fleshy underlip, She wears pink- rimmed eyeglasses on a neckchain that dips down from behind plain pearly earrings.
15) 35) dialog: (Coming back) That doesn't mean that she killed herself, She was a very happy girl with no reason for self- | destruction, She must have been cleaning the windows or something.
15) 37) dialog: Why not? Maybe she was! The 2nd Policeman takes the yellow paper from his holder and holds it out. Mrs. Castevet hesitates, then takes it and turns it. round to read it. Mr. Castevet tips his..head in over her arm and reads it ‘too, his thin vivid lips moving.
15) 45) dialog: She was all alone. She didn't have anyone, only us.
15) 49) dialog: It's news to me.
15) 58) dialog: Thank you.
15) 64) dialog: Thank you.
16) 3) dialog: And please don't tell me what Laura-Louise said because I'm not interested! Rosemary turns over and burrows into her pillow. 7-24-87
18) 10) dialog: She was cremated yesterday. Now we have to forget and go on, It won't be easy. We don't have children of our own. Do you have any? (Continued ) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
18) 14) dialog: Oh, that's nice. And look how you put the table, isn't that interesting.
18) 16) dialog: Nice paint job. ‘Mrs. Castevet fingers the door jamb appraisingly and turns to look into the den.
18) 17) dialog: Oh, that's nice. A T.V. room.
18) 19) dialog: (Looking at her) Are you pregnant?
18) 21) dialog: That's wonderful. You're young and healthy; you ought. to have lots of children.
18) 23) dialog: I'm dying to see what you've done to this apartment. The woman who had it before was a dear friend of mine.
18) 27) dialog: Oh, did she? You two had some long talks together in the laundry room.
18) 29) dialog: My goodness! It looks so much brighter. What did you pay for a chair like that?
18) 31) dialog: You don't mind my asking do you? (She taps her nose) That's how I got a big nose, by being nosy.
19) 0) text: Rosemary and Mrs. Castevet are sitting having coffee and cake. 72-67
19) 1) dialog: I knew it! (Checking prices on the cans of soup and oysters) : ‘ I said it to Roman. yesterday. Hets so good-looking! What movies was. he in?
19) 3) dialog: Listen, Rosemary, I've got a two ‘inch thick sirloin steak sitting defrosting right this minute. Why don't you and Guy come over and have supper with us tonight, what do you say? (dont inued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
19) 7) dialog: Why not?
19) 9) dialog: It would be a big help to us. Mrs. Castevet looks into her lap, then looks up at Rosemary with a hard-to-carry smile.
19) 10) dialog: This'll be the first night we'll be alone since -
19) 12) dialog: Honey, if it was trouble I wouldn't ask you.
19) 15) dialog: Oh, here's your mail, dear. (She picks it up) Ads, :
19) 21) text: | : Mrs. Castevet was here. To thank me for what I said about Terry. She's the nosiest person I've ever seen, She actually asked the prices of things. Guy No kidding.
20) 0) text: A.large foyer with a rectangular table set for four. It:-has an-embroidered white cloth, plates that dontt all match, and bright ranks of ornate silver, ‘The room is oddly furnished; at the fireplace end there is. a settee, a lamp table and a few chairs, At the opposite end an office-like clutter of file cabinets, bridge tables piled with newspapers, overfilled book- shelves and a typewriter on a metal stand. There are clean squares on the walls as if pictures had. been removed. . Mrs. Castevet shows them across the brown carpet and seats them on the settee; Mr. Castevet comes in, hold~ ing in both hands a small tray on which four cocktail glasses run over with clear pink liquid. Staring at the rims of the giasses he shuffles forward across the (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
20) 4) dialog: Just watch the carpet.
20) 17) dialog: Brand-new carpet. This man is so clumsy!
20) 28) dialog: Steak's ready. (Standing up, glass in her hana) Don't rush your drinks now; Roman, take your pill.
21) 0) text: Guy, Rosemary, Mr. and Mrs. Castevet are sitting at the table, eating.
21) 5) dialog: I think we're offending: Rosemary. (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 15) dialog: (To Rosemary) You looked uncomfortable. Mrs. Castevet stands up and starts to collect the empty plates.
21) 51) dialog: Well, there's a chance you will have lots of children too.
21) 53) dialog: My goodness} . (Handing Rosemary the glass)
21) 55) dialog: Rosemary? Rosemary turns. Mrs, Castevet, smiling, holds: out a wet plate in a green rubber-gloved hand. Bhe INT, LIVING ROOM - (NIGHT) Mr. Castevet and Guy are sitting facing each other on the settee. Guy is looking at Mr. Castevet, fascin- ated, They smoke for the moment in silence, Rosemary appears in the doorway.
23) 33) dialog: Laura-Louise just met Guy and she wanted to meet you too. Can we come in? With resigned good grace Rosemary shows them into the: living room. Mrs, Castevet indicates a new couch.
23) 44) dialog: Girls today take things more in their stride. (Sitting) They're healthier than we were, thanks to vitamins and better medical care. Both women have identical green sewing bags and, to Rosemary's surprise, they open them now. Mrs. Castevet takes out darning and Laura-Louise takes out crocheting.
23) 45) dialog: What's that: over there? Seat covers?
23) 47) dialog: Oh, before I forget. This is for you. From Roman and me. Mrs. Castevet hands Rosemary a small packet of pink tissue paper.
23) 49) dialog: It's ist a little present is all. Quick hand-waves) For moving in.
23) 59) dialog: You already have. Mrs. Castevet darns a brown sock not looking at a Rosemary.
23) 61) dialog: | , Put it on.
23) 63) dialog: Go on.
33) 12) dialog: She don't see. As long as she ate the mouse she can't see nor hear. She's like dead. Now sing. Lady comes into the Ballroom. She wears an exquisite ivory satin gown embroidered with pearls. She hurries to Rosemary's side.
38) 2) dialog: Now that's what I call good news! @ Congrat-u-la-tionst T2=67-. (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 81. cy 71. (Cont'd) aa She bears down on Rosemary, takes her by the shoulders and kisses her cheek hard and loud... Mr. Castevet kisses Rosemary's other cheek.
38) 4) dialog: When are you due, dear?
38) 6) dialog: It's going to be so exciting. Guy comes back with glasses and a corkscrew. Mr. Castevet turns with him to the opening of the wins. Mrs. Castevet takes Rosemary's elbow and they walk together into the Living Room.
38) 8) dialog: Listen, dear. Do you have a good doctor?
38) 10) dialog: One of the top obstetricians is a dear friend of ours. Abe Sapirstein. He delivers all the Society babies. Mr. Castevet and Guy are at the other end of the. room, busy with the wine.
38) 23) dialog: Abe? Minnie. Pine. Listen,-a dear friend of ours just found out today that she's pregnant. Yes, isn't it? I'tm in her apartment now. We told her you'd be glad to take eare of her and.that you wouldn't charge none of your fancy Society prices neither, (Silence) Wait a minute. (Raising her voice) Rosemary? Tomorrow morning at eleven?
38) 26) dialog: (Into the phone) Eleven's fine, Abe. Yes. You too. No, not at all. Let's hope so. Good-bye. Mrs. Castevet comes back into the Living Room.
38) 27) dialog: There you are.
38) 30) dialog: Just have a fine healthy baby; that's all. Oh, my, I can't wait to tell on) Laura-Louise.
39) 15) dialog: Snips and snails and puppy-dogs' tails.
39) 17) dialog: Do you?
39) 22) dialog: Some of that, some of some other things.
45) 0) text: Rosemary rings the Castevets doorbell, Mrs. Castevet (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
45) 34) dialog: o Well, this is what I call the (o} long arm of coincidence) Rosemary turns and sees Mrs. Castevet, smiling, coming towards her,
45) 35) dialog: I said to myself, ‘As long as Rosemary's out, I might as well go out tot a little bit of Christ- mas shopping', and here you are and here I am{ Isn't that some- thing? Why, what's the matter, dear? She looks at Rosemary, who is frozen with pain.
45) 36) dialog: Do you feel all right? Rosemary nods, pale, biting her lips.
45) 37) dialog: You poor thing. You know what I think? I think we ought to be going home now. What do you say?
46) 8) dialog: Rosemary, I'd like you to meet (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca ggg a 10h. CY 90. (Cont'd) MRS. CASTEVET (Cont'd) , Dr. Shand. He used to be a famous dentist, and he made the chain for your charm.
46) 10) text: (Holding up a bottle of champagne) One mimite to gol Guy looks at his watch, stands up and goes toward Mr. Castevet. Mr. Castevet opens the champagne. He is an attentive and energetic host. Mrs. Castevet and Guy help with glasses. The champagne is passed around.
48) 16) text: Mrs. Castevet is standing beside Rosemary in the doorway. Rosemary is wearing an apron and holding the glass with the drink in her hand. On the table, 7-24-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
48) 19) text: 93. (Cont'd) 7-2h-67 106. there is crab-meat and pieces of lobster and other food, ready to be cooked. Mrs. Castevet looks at the preparations.
48) 20) dialog: That looks interesting. What is it?
48) 22) dialog: Oh, you feel up to entertaining?
48) 28) dialog: Well, let me know if you change your mind. Drink your drink now. Rosemary looks at the glass in her hand.
48) 30) dialog: It doesn't do to let it stand. (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Me 7-24-67 107. o™ 93. (Cont'd)
48) 34) dialog: Don't wait too long. It's going to lose its vitamins, Mrs, Castevet goes, Rosemary watches the door close. She goes into the kitchen and stands a moment with the glass in her hand, then goes to the sink and tips out the pale green drink straight down into the drain,
52) 0) text: The grumbling PAPERHANGER sticks yellow and white paper on the wall. Mrs. Castevet hands Rosemary the drink and a white cake. TWO WORKERS come with a bureau, Guy with a bathinette, and Rosemary with a crib. She is much bigger than before. She looks healthier and prettier. Rosemary puts baby clothes into the bureau; receiving blankets, waterproof pants and shirts. She holds up a tiny shirt to show Guy. They both laugh. 7-24-67 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
54) 0) text: Rosemary slips out of her shoes, takes off her gloves and pushes her feet into slippers. At the same time, she. picks up her handbag, opens it and takes out the wrapped book. The doorbell rings. Still carrying tho book, Rosemary goes to open the door. -Mrs. Castevet stands ‘there with. the drink and a little white. cake.
54) 1) dialog: I heard you come in, It certainly wasn't very long.
54) 3) dialog: Oh} What a shame} You got mail already?
54) 7) dialog: Heyes, I'll hold it. Mrs. Castevet takes the package and hands Rosemary the white cake. Rosemary starts to eat it.
54) 8) dialog: (Weighing the package) A book?
54) 10) dialog: (Reading the return address) Oh, I know that house. The Gilmores used to live there.
54) 12) dialog: I've been there lots of times. 'Grace'. That's one of my favorite names.
54) 14) dialog: You need anything?
54) 16) dialog: Take a nap, why don't you?
56) 29) dialog: No matter where we are, our thoughts are going to be with you every minute, darling, till you're all happy and thin again with your sweet little boy or girl lying safe in your arms, Rosemary kisses her cheek.
56) 33) dialog: You make Guy send us lots of pictures, you hear?
56) 39) text: She kisses him again. A taxi comes, Guy and the Doorman stow the suitcases _ beside the DRIVER, Mrs. Castevet shoulders and grunts her way in, sweating under.the arms of her white dress, Mr, Castevet folds himself in beside her.
64) 25) dialog: We're your friends.
64) 35) dialog: Here?
68) 2) dialog: No, dear, I don't. Get back into bed now. Take your pill. She hands Rosemary the tray and switches on the air conditioner, Rosemary puts the pill under the mattrea3s,
68) 3) dialog: Did you turn it off? You mustn't do that. People are actually dying, it's so hot. Mrs. Gilmore looks out the window.
70) 6) dialog: Oh hell now, Hayato, you're just making fun of me} ‘Pulling my leg! is what we say over -here, Rosemary is at the archway now, She can see the - coven is at the other end, laughing, talking softly. Ice cubes clink, She betters her grip on the knife and moves a step forward. She stops, staring. , Across the room, in the one large window bay, stands a black bassinet, skirted with black taffeta, hooded and flounced with black organza, A silver ornament turns on a black ribbon pinned to its black hood. The stiff organza trembles, The silver ornament quivers and we can see that it is a crucifix hanging upside down, with the black ribbon wound and knotted around Jesus! ankles, Rosemary wipes her hands on her housecoat, throws back her hair, finds a fresh grip on the knife's thick handle, and steps out where they can see-her, Insanely, they don't. They go right on talking, listening, sipping, pleasantly partying: Mr. and Mrs, Castevet, Guy, Mr. Fountain, the Weeses, Laura- Louise and a studious~-looking young Japanese with eye-glasses. All gathered under an over-the-mantel portrait of Adrian Marcato (the same as in the book), (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
70) 28) dialog: He chose you out of all. the world, Rosemary. jut of all the women in the whole world, He chose you. He arranged everything 'cause He wanted zou to be the mother of His only ving Son.
70) 37) dialog: Go look ak His -hands.
70) 71) dialog: Here. Drink this and you'll feel a little better. Rosemary looks at the mug and looks up at Mrs. Castevet.
70) 73) dialog: Nothing is in it. It's plain ordi- nary Lipton tea. You drink it. Rosemary looks at Laura-Louise rocking the bassinet. The baby is still whimpering, and Laura-Louise rocks it faster and faster, Rosemary gets up and goes over,