15) 25) text: 266 (Cont'd) An old couple is coming along the street. MRS. CASTEVET is wrapped in light blue, with snow-white dabs of gloves, purse, shoes and hat. Nurselike she supports her husband's forearm. He is dazzling, in an every-colour seersucker jacket, red slacks, a pink bow tie, and a grey fedora with a pink band, He is seventy= five or older; she is sixty-eight or nine. They come closer with expressions of young alertness, with friend- ly quizzical smiles, The 2nd Policeman steps forward to meet them and their smiles falter and fall away. Mrs. Castevet says something worryingly; MR. CASTEVET frowns and shakes his head, His wide thin-lipped mouth is rosy-pink, as if lipstickeds; his cheeks are chalky, his eyes small and bright in deep sockets, She is big- nosed, with a sullen fleshy underlip, She wears pink- rimmed eyeglasses on a neckchain that dips down from behind plain pearly earrings.
37) 37) dialog: Yes. She goes to Rosemary, applies a tourniquet and draws blood from her arm.
37) 67) text: Nurse didn't take enough. So would you drop by and see her?
70) 0) text: Rosemary gets out of bed, slides her feet into slip= pers, the puts on her housecoat. Going quietly out of the bedroom, she walks tc the linen closet and opens it, The shelves lock neat and orderly, piled with bath towels, hand towels and winter blankets, Rosemary takes everything out of the closet except what is on the fixed top shelf, She puts towels and linens on the floor, then lifts out the four ginghame covered shelves, The back of the closet, below the top shelf, is a single large white-painted panel framed with narrow white molding. tanding close and leaning aside for better light, Rosemary san see that where the panei and the molding meet, the paint is- broken in a continuous line, She presses at one side of the panel and then at the other; presses harder, and it Swings inward on scraping hinges. Within is darkness; a@ second closet with a wire hanger glinting on the floor, and one bright spot of light, a keyhole. Pushing the panel all the way open, Rosemary steps into the second closet and ducks down, Through the keyhole, Rosemary sees at a distance a | small curic cabinet that stands at a job in the hall-= way of Mr, and Mrs, Castevet's apartment. Rosemary tries the door, It opens, She cleses it and backs out through her own closet and goes to the kitchen. From her knifesrack, Rosemary takes the longest sharpest carving knife. As she is leaving the kit= chen, we hear a key working in the lock of the front door. Rosemary rushes intc the nursery, brushing against the new bassinet, and presses herself against the wall, ‘Guy enters and goes into the kitchen, opens the fridge and takes out ice cubes. Rosemary sees that the bassinet is swinging. She stops it with the point of the long knife. Guy comes out of the kitehen with Hutch's ise bucket in his hand. He opens the entrance docr and goes out. Rosemary listens for a moment, then moves out to the front door and chains it. Holding the knife point- down at her side, she goes down the hallway to the linen closet door, She cpens it, goes through again into the second closet (quick glance at the under- neath of the fixed top .sheifs like in the dream), looks through the keyhole and cracks open the door into the Castevet's apartment, Holding the knife point forward, Rcesgemary pushes the door wide open and steps through. The hallway is empty. There are (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca