3) 2) dialog: Hello. Am I speaking to Mr. Yoseph Castleman?
3) 4) dialog: This is Mr. Arvid Engdahl calling from the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm, Sweden. Joe presses his hand to his chest. Joan has woken up.
3) 6) dialog: No, no, Mr. Castleman, I assure you. If you like I will give you the phone number here and you can call back to confirm.
3) 10) dialog: Yes, of course, I'll wait. Joe madly gestures to Joan to GO.
4) 2) dialog: Hello Mrs. Castleman, is that you?
4) 4) dialog: Mr. Castleman, you are still on as well?
4) 6) dialog: It is my great honor and pleasure to tell you Mr. Castleman, that you have been chosen to receive this year's Nobel Prize in literature. Joan lets out an involuntary gasp.
4) 8) dialog: Mr. Castleman, we are so delighted to be giving you this prize. Your career has a truly remarkable span to it. Joan grows very still as she listens to Arvid's praise. ARVID ENGDAHL (ON PHONE) (CONT’D) Not only do you write with extraordinary intimacy, wit and depth, you have also challenged the novelistic form in ways that will affect generations of writers to come.
4) 10) dialog: (laughing at the great man’s joke) Ah! Indeed, yes! And thank you for doing so on the world’s behalf! Joan's eyes are closed, her hand on her heart as she continues to absorb this news. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 6. ARVID ENGDAHL (ON PHONE) (CONT’D) Mrs. Castleman --
4) 12) dialog: You should know that your husband will be fending off the press today, so what I advise is that you monitor his calls, as it does get quite exhausting.
4) 14) dialog: Mr. Castleman, I'm sure you would like to make a few calls of your own, so I shall leave you to your celebration. We will contact you later with all the specifics. Again, many congratulations to you.
4) 16) dialog: Good bye.
18) 13) dialog: Mrs. Castleman! Hello! I am Arvid Engdahl! I am the one who called you about the prize, waking you up at such an ungodly hour!
18) 15) dialog: (in Swedish) {This is Mr. Castleman's wife. ] The photographers politely nod to her and take a few pict for their B rolls. ARVID ENGDAHL (CONT’D) Mr. Castleman let me introduce you to Walter Bark who will be accompanying you on your engagements. The highly efficient WALTER shakes Joe’s hand.
18) 19) dialog: Mrs. Castleman, this is Mrs. Lindel6f who looks after our laureate wives. MRS. LINDELOF, an effusive matronly women, greets Joan.
18) 22) dialog: Mr. Castleman may I introduce to you Linnea Engwall who will be your personal photographer
18) 31) dialog: Hello, David! We are so very glad you could come! We are always pleased to have the children of our laureates. In fact, we have found you to be just as engaging as your fathers!
28) 5) dialog: Excuse me, I hate to interrupt this wonderful exchange, but I’d like to introduce the Castlemans to another one of our laureate families.
28) 9) dialog: (to Joe) James Finch is getting our prize in physics. A very brilliant man and nice as can be.
28) 11) dialog: James Finch, may I introduce you to the novelist Joseph Castleman. James, an Englishman and an alpha male like Joe shakes ha with him.
28) 20) dialog: If I may brag for James for a moment -- his children are all quite remarkable. Ellen is doing work on the metabolism of neural cells, is that right?
28) 22) dialog: Tell them please about your children’s other wonderfl studies!