50) 7) dialog: Mr. Castleman, you have given us a vast, restless and brilliant body of work...
51) 0) text: We see Dr. Ekeberg standing at the podium on the grand No stage delivering his ode to Joe. On one side of the stage KING GUSTAV OF SWEDEN, QUEEN SYLVIA, and the elderly CROW PRINCESS VICTORIA who are in their full royal regalia -- medals, ribbons, tiaras and all. On the other side We see Joe sitting with his fellow laureates, along with the solemn MEMBERS OF THE ACADEMY w are there to bear witness to his lionization.
51) 1) dialog: With each book, Mr. Castleman, you have challenged the novelistic form and reinvented the very nature of storytelling and of prose. You are a master of style, yet your characters are intensely real, their journeys heartbreaking, their portrayals intimate and deep. We see Joan, sitting with the other LAUREATE FAMILIES. Ne to her is David’s empty seat. She’s staring at the stage, listening to this man talking about her work, her voice, gift. Up in the peanut gallery we see Nathaniel Bone in his ren tux madly taking notes in his pad with a gleeful little g on his face.
51) 2) dialog: The humanity in your writing transcends the boundaries of class and gender. You are a master of words, but more importantly, you are a master at portraying the human condition in all it’s complexities. CLOSE ON Joe. We see that he’s dying inside but trying to maintain an expression of quiet dignity.
51) 3) dialog: Mr. Castleman, I would like to convey to you the warm congratulations of the Swedish Academy as I now request you to receive the Nobel Prize in Literature from his Majesty the King. 48 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 86. As Joe rises from his seat all the notables on stage rise with him, including the royals. Everyone in the concert hall rises as well, in a great wh of tuxes and gowns. Constance Finch who’s so pleased and proud for all of the reaches over to Joan and give her hand a little squeeze. There’s a reverent hush as Joe makes his way across the s to King Gustav. Joe bows his head to the King. King Gustav says a few laudatory words to him then hands him the Nobel medal whi is housed in a flat leather box. As they shake hands, a FANFARE sounds and Joe numbly makes his three reverences. And Joan joins the audience in applauding her husband's g achievement.