30) 0) text: 26 Young Joan is sitting at the back of a small audience of STUDENTS and ENGLISH DEPARTMENT FACULTY while Joe stands behind her, discreetly running a seductive finger long th back of her neck. A guest lecturer, ELAINE MOZELL, is standing at a podium, cigarette in one hand and her novel in another. She's one those tough, whiskey-voiced dames who's bursting with iro and bitter bon mots.
30) 1) dialog: This is from my novel, "Sleeping Dogs." I know most of you haven't read it because it's only sold a thousand copies, most of which were bought by my relatives who were paid handsomely by me. 27 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 47. There's scattered laughter.
30) 2) dialog: So. Here we go. Chapter One. "The Playing Field." Which is hardly level, by the way.
31) 0) text: The reading is over and Elaine Mozell is holding court wi the faculty. She's drinking a scotch and has the handsome Professor Castleman tucked by her side, her chosen flirta for the evening. Joe sees Joan hovering nearby and pulls her into the magi circle.
31) 3) dialog: But you know what? The public can't stomach bold prose from a woman. Their loss. You're talented, I hear.
31) 5) dialog: Don't do it.
31) 7) dialog: C'mere. Elaine pulls Joan over to the stacks.
31) 8) dialog: You know where your books will end up? She points her drink up at a small row of books on a top shelf. 28 29 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 48.
31) 9) dialog: Right there. On the alumni shelf. Pick one, any one. Go ahead. Joan slides a book out.
31) 10) dialog: Open it up. Joan opens the book and the spine gives off a stiff crack
31) 11) dialog: You hear that? That's the sound of a book that's never been opened. Don't ever think you can get their attention.
31) 13) dialog: The men who write the reviews, who run the publishing houses, who edit the magazines, the ones who decide who gets to be taken seriously, who gets to be put up on the pedestal for the rest of their lives. Who gets to be King Shit.
31) 15) dialog: A writer has to be read, Honey. Elaine sets her empty drink on the book shelf and walks o leaving Young Joan crushed. She reaches up and touches th spines of all those tragically unopened books.