1) 0) text: CLOSE ON the rumpled empty, half of a bed. The bedside ta holds a stack of novels, a pair of reading glasses, note pads, pencils. All is silent except for the hum of a digital clock. We s the face of the clock click to 2:45 AM. Then we hear the creak of floor boards and the lumbering footsteps of a man returning to bed. The space in the bed filled with the figure of the novelist JOSEPH CASTLEMAN, early 70's. He has the anxious, exhausted look of someone who doesn't have a prayer of sleeping. Joe is a handsome, aging Brooklyn boy turned literary giant. He has the bear and the bearing of a proper eminence grise but he is also unapologetic sensualist. He embraces all that life has to offer with a greedy, passionate vigor -- which, the criti tell us, is what makes his writing so rich. CRINKLE, CRINKLE, CRINKLE...Joe starts unwrapping a packa of Hostess Snowballs which he’s brought back to bed with Next to him, JOAN CASTLEMAN, his wife of 40 years, is on side, eyes shut, but awake, trying for sleep. She's five years his junior -- an elegant, educated, deeply self- possessed shiksa from the upper-east side who was bred to a muse and helpmate to some brilliant, charismatic man. CRINKLE, CRINKLE...
6) 0) text: A celebration party. FRIENDS and FAMILY are gathered in t well-appointed living room artfully furnished with good r and limited-edition black & white art photos. Joe's New York publishing team -- his AGENT, EDITOR and PUBLISHER -- arrive. They’ve all come up from Manhattan i their good suits to lavish Joe with pricey bottles of win His agent and editor are younger than Joe -- he’s outlive the last bunch. But his longtime publisher, HAL BOWER, 70 is still vital and a dapper dresser. He gives his star writer a bear hug and booms his congratulations. We see a motley collection of Joe’s longtime WRITER FRIEN bent over a table of catered food, consuming large amount Joe's food and liquor to make up for the fact that they didn't get the Nobel. We see Joan with an icy glass of white wine in her hand, standing with the WRITERS WIVES who have the discarded lo of muses of unsuccessful men.
6) 8) dialog: Hello there Joan! You’re looking lovely as always.
6) 11) dialog: They're giving your husband the cover of the Sunday magazine. They’re knocking out a story about Bill Clinton for him.
6) 14) dialog: Every brilliant one of them, my friend.
8) 0) text: Joe is with Hal and the Times photographer, having his ph session. He’s posing next to a wall of book shelves lined with his prodigious output of the last several decades. H holding his first novel, THE WALNUT, with its 1950’s artf simple book sleeve (very Catcher in the Rye). A clutch of Joe’s GRADUATE STUDENTS from Yale are also th watching their beloved professor get photographed. David glances at these young acolytes of his father’s, feeling a tad of resentment. Joe sees David watching him and he raises his eye brows a bit, trying to look bemused for his son’s sake. The photographer takes a rapid series of shots. Joe turns to David.
8) 26) dialog: To Joseph Castleman, who, in my opinion, is the greatest living author of the twentieth century and now, God dammit, the rest of the world finally knows it! A chorus of “here here’s!” and clinking glasses while Joe waves everyone off. Joe slips his arm around Joan and mur into her ear.
11) 0) text: Young Joan is anxiously sitting on a bench outside the professor's office. She can hear him talking to another student -- quick, dueling murmurs, then a shriek of femal laughter. The door opens and SMITHIE GIRL LORRAINE comes out, still laughing and aglow from her meeting with the professor. S glances at Joan, gives her a smug little smile. Joan watc her rival walk down the hall, certain that this girl now the professor heart and soul.
18) 0) text: The Castlemans and Joe’s entourage -- his editor, publish and agent -- are arriving in the lobby of the Grand Hotel 19th century edifice of luxury and importance. The DOOR MEN are bowing their heads to Joe, BELL MEN are scurrying to fetch the Castlemans’ luggage. HOTEL STAFF s at him, eyes shining with awe. Joe a little rumpled and travel-worn from the plane fligh stares at the phalanx of SWEDISH PRESS and the members of NOBEL PRIZE COMMITTEE who are waiting for him up ahead. J squeezes his arm.
33) 0) text: Young Joan is carrying in a tray of coffee into the offic conference room. She passes by another SECRETARY, an olde woman who's carrying out the remains of the men’s lunch. Neither of them look at each other as they’re only there serve the men in the room. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 49. We see the publisher Hal Bower who’s now in his 40’s (we him in his 70’s at the top of the film) having a meeting his editors, WHITE and LOVEJOY who are all pitching him manuscripts.
33) 2) dialog: All right, I'll give it a read. Lovejoy holds his coffee cup up to Joan.
33) 5) dialog: Soft?
33) 9) dialog: How about Jewish writers. Anyone have any smart young Jewish writers? All the big houses have one. Where the hell is ours? CLOSE ON Joan taking this in. She screws up her courage, addresses this room of men with as much authority that sh can muster.
33) 11) dialog: Hmm? 30 31 32 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 50.
37) 0) text: Joan, up and dressed for the day, is sitting in an arm ch staring at Joe who’s fast asleep under the eiderdown. Her face is unreadable. There’s a knock on the door. She gets up and goes down th hall and lets in the ROOM SERVICE SERVER who’s pushing a elegantly set with breakfast.
52) 0) text: We’re now at the Nobel banquet which is housed in a vast, glittering, two-story hall. Rows of mile-long tables have been elaborately set with flowers, candelabra, and crysta wine glasses to accommodate the plethora of toasts. Seate at the tables are SWEDISH and INTERNATIONAL VIP’S and the patient WIVES, all talking loudly, intoxicated by the eve and the generous amount of wine being served. We see Joan and Joe sitting across from each other at the table of honor with King Gustav and Queen Sylvia. Joe, ju trying to get through the night, has slipped back into hi role as the charming raconteur. He’s been across the tabl from the two royals who are both hanging on to his every word. Joan is between the King and a DIPLOMAT who's conversing with the WOMAN on his other side. Having no on to talk to, she’s staying engaged with her wine.
56) 0) text: Joe and Joan are now walking into their hushed suite. The voluminous curtains have been drawn making the place feel bit like a funeral parlor. Joan throws her evening purse on a table and Joe flings t Nobel medal next to it. Joan starts heading down the hall