1) 0) text: CLOSE ON the rumpled empty, half of a bed. The bedside ta holds a stack of novels, a pair of reading glasses, note pads, pencils. All is silent except for the hum of a digital clock. We s the face of the clock click to 2:45 AM. Then we hear the creak of floor boards and the lumbering footsteps of a man returning to bed. The space in the bed filled with the figure of the novelist JOSEPH CASTLEMAN, early 70's. He has the anxious, exhausted look of someone who doesn't have a prayer of sleeping. Joe is a handsome, aging Brooklyn boy turned literary giant. He has the bear and the bearing of a proper eminence grise but he is also unapologetic sensualist. He embraces all that life has to offer with a greedy, passionate vigor -- which, the criti tell us, is what makes his writing so rich. CRINKLE, CRINKLE, CRINKLE...Joe starts unwrapping a packa of Hostess Snowballs which he’s brought back to bed with Next to him, JOAN CASTLEMAN, his wife of 40 years, is on side, eyes shut, but awake, trying for sleep. She's five years his junior -- an elegant, educated, deeply self- possessed shiksa from the upper-east side who was bred to a muse and helpmate to some brilliant, charismatic man. CRINKLE, CRINKLE...
1) 2) dialog: I'm hungry.
1) 4) dialog: Listen, if it doesn’t happen I don't want to be around for any of those sympathy calls. Let’s get out of here. Let’s rent a cabin in Maine and stare at a fire.
1) 6) dialog: Oh fuck it. Joe devours the Snowball then brushes the crumbs off and rearranges his pillows. Then he turns on his side and goe THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 2. about the business of seducing his wife. He searches the folds of her nightgown for a breast.
1) 8) dialog: Don’t what?
1) 10) dialog: Come on, just a quickie. It'll help us sleep.
1) 12) dialog: You shouldn't be. It's unnatural. Joe starts fondling Joan’s breast.
1) 13) dialog: You don't have to do anything. Just lie there.
1) 15) dialog: But in the best sense of the word. Pathos...eros...
1) 17) dialog: Pretend I'm some young, inarticulate stud who's found you lying naked on a beach... Joe slips his hand under her nightgown.
1) 18) dialog: His hand is big and tan, blond knuckle hair, middle-finger probing...
1) 20) dialog: And now he's pulling out his huge, swaying, tumescent cock.
1) 25) dialog: Sorry.
1) 27) dialog: Nah, I don’t want to wake up groggy, just in case. Fuck them, why do I care so much? I'm too old for this shit. Bastard fucks. His vitriol spent, Joe nestles himself against Joan and t her hand and places it on his head so she'll stroke his h She obliges him, running her hand through his hair to soo him to sleep.
1) 29) dialog: Love you, Joanie...g’night.
3) 0) text: Joe and Joan are fast asleep, each sprawled on their sepa sides of the bed. Dawn is just breaking. We hear birds start to chirp outside. The phone rings. On the second RING, Joe wakes up with a start and grabs t phone. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 4.
3) 1) dialog: Hello? We hear crackling on the other end and the voice of a man from a distant land.
3) 3) dialog: Yes. Yes you are.
3) 5) dialog: This is not a joke, I take it.
3) 7) dialog: Well thank you, that won't be necessary. Joe nods to Joan that this is it.
3) 9) dialog: Before you go on, can my wife Joan get on the extension?
4) 0) text: Joan is now grabbing the phone on the desk. She's surroun by book shelves, which are mostly housing all the various editions and translations of Joe's prodigious work. She can hear Arvid and Joe chatting about the weather in Stockholm. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 5.
4) 5) dialog: Yes I am.
4) 7) dialog: Well, thank you, thank you very much.
4) 9) dialog: Well, I should be getting something for all the grey in my beard.
4) 15) dialog: Thank you very much. Good bye.
4) 18) dialog: Joan! Joanie! Joan doesn't move. She still needs a moment to herself.
4) 19) dialog: Joanie! Where are you?!
5) 0) text: Joan is coming back into the bedroom and she sees Joe standing on the bed.
5) 2) dialog: C'mon, get up here! Let’s jump! THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 7.
5) 4) dialog: For joy! C’mon, join me.
5) 6) dialog: Quit being so middle class. Get up here. Joan climbs up on the bed with Joe and stands unsteadily the mattress. Joe starts to bounce. Joan lets out a littl shriek. Joe takes her hands.
5) 8) dialog: No you aren't. He bounces a little more.
5) 10) dialog: Screw careful. Come on, jump! Joan starts bouncing with him, laughing, giddy.
5) 11) dialog: (in a silly sing-song) I won the Nobel, I won the Nobel! La-la, la-la la la!
5) 13) dialog: What. Joan doesn’t say anything, just shakes her head.
5) 14) dialog: Joanie. Come on. I’m just being silly.
5) 15) dialog: 
5) 17) dialog: Joanie, I love you.
6) 0) text: A celebration party. FRIENDS and FAMILY are gathered in t well-appointed living room artfully furnished with good r and limited-edition black & white art photos. Joe's New York publishing team -- his AGENT, EDITOR and PUBLISHER -- arrive. They’ve all come up from Manhattan i their good suits to lavish Joe with pricey bottles of win His agent and editor are younger than Joe -- he’s outlive the last bunch. But his longtime publisher, HAL BOWER, 70 is still vital and a dapper dresser. He gives his star writer a bear hug and booms his congratulations. We see a motley collection of Joe’s longtime WRITER FRIEN bent over a table of catered food, consuming large amount Joe's food and liquor to make up for the fact that they didn't get the Nobel. We see Joan with an icy glass of white wine in her hand, standing with the WRITERS WIVES who have the discarded lo of muses of unsuccessful men.
6) 5) dialog: Joanie! C’mere.
6) 10) dialog: The New York Times is here. (to his publisher) Tell her.
6) 13) dialog: Is this like an Avedon shot? With all the pores showing?
6) 15) dialog: Joanie, am I clean? Joan checks Joe’s beard for crumbs.
6) 17) dialog: Nose hairs?
6) 19) dialog: Tell me this isn’t all some big fat joke.
6) 21) dialog: Okay, let’s do this! Joan watches Joe and Hal head to the library. We see them from Joan’s P.O.V., through the open door as the TIMES PHOTOGRAPHER directs Joe to stand with his arms crossed, the stance of a literary giant. She turns to go back to t party but she can’t face the writer’s wives who’ve been watching her with their sad, resentful faces.
8) 0) text: Joe is with Hal and the Times photographer, having his ph session. He’s posing next to a wall of book shelves lined with his prodigious output of the last several decades. H holding his first novel, THE WALNUT, with its 1950’s artf simple book sleeve (very Catcher in the Rye). A clutch of Joe’s GRADUATE STUDENTS from Yale are also th watching their beloved professor get photographed. David glances at these young acolytes of his father’s, feeling a tad of resentment. Joe sees David watching him and he raises his eye brows a bit, trying to look bemused for his son’s sake. The photographer takes a rapid series of shots. Joe turns to David.
8) 1) dialog: David! You just get here?
8) 3) dialog: What's this?
8) 5) dialog: My God, these are spectacular. Thank you, David. What a lovely gift. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 13. Joe starts walking him back to the living room. David get out the cigarette he’s been dying to smoke.
8) 6) dialog: You still smoking?
8) 8) dialog: Of course I care. I’d like to see you outlive me.
8) 10) dialog: Yes. We’1l talk.
8) 12) dialog: Why do you do that?
8) 14) dialog: No, clearly I’m completely distracted at the moment. We’1l talk when it’s appropriate, all right? Joe sees Joan coming out of the kitchen with Susannah, carrying a large tray of glasses which are filled with champagne.
8) 15) dialog: Joanie, you okay there? David, help your mother out. The writers’ wives are already on it.
8) 17) dialog: All right, let's do this. Joanie, come stand by me. Where's Susannah? Susannah! THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 14.
8) 19) dialog: Get yourself a glass.
8) 21) dialog: A little champagne won't hurt the baby, go ahead. Everyone has organized themselves around Joe, their glass poised, the champagne effervescing. David has stubbed out his cigarette and he stands by Joan who puts her arm around him and gives him a little squeez Susannah stands on the other side of Joan and Joan tucks hand through her daughter’s arm, wanting comfort of her k by her side. Joe, collecting his thoughts, shuts his eyes and waits fo everyone to settle down. Once the shushing stops, Joe begins.
8) 22) dialog: To quote from The Meditations of Quixote, "I am I, plus my surroundings. And if I do not preserve the latter, I do not preserve myself." I want to thank you all for being here. I've been handed an enormous honor that I'm compelled to celebrate, but thankfully, I'm not compelled to celebrate alone. Tonight, I am the happiest of men. I have my health -- give or take a few bypasses--I have you, my wonderful friends, my ever- curious students, I have my son David, my beautiful daughter Susannah, a fine son-in-law and a future grandchild who at this moment is contentedly floating around in her mother’s amniotic fluid. Ahh’s from the women.
8) 23) dialog: And finally, I have my beautiful wife, Joan, the love of my life. Joan, who's not a public person, tries to turn away. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 15.
8) 24) dialog: Joanie, come back here. I’m not done. Without her I'd be nothing. My most proud achievement, I have to say, is succeeding in getting this woman to marry me.
8) 27) dialog: Talk to me.
9) 0) text: The party is over and the guests have left. We see Joe standing at the buffet table picking over the leftover pa food. We see David sitting outside on the patio, smoking a cigarette. Joan is lying on the couch with a wash cloth on her foreh Susannah and her husband Mark come in with their coats on
9) 6) dialog: I love you, Honey. He gently touches her pregnant belly.
9) 7) dialog: Take care of this one, Sweetheart. Joan is watching this, briefly moved by her husband's tenderness. Then she moves the wash cloth over her eyes a settles in for a nap.
10) 10) text: 10 11 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 18. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) piles of rejection slips and the parent or the wife who cry out, “you fool, why don’t you get a real job!” A writer writes because if he doesn’t, his soul will starve. The professor sits back and pops the meat of the walnut i his mouth, allowing his words to sink in. Then gazes out the window and recites: YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) “,..His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.” YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) James Joyce. No more needs to be said. The other girls laugh nervously, but Young Joan stares at with a fierce look that catches his eye.
12) 0) text: Young Joan is now sitting across from Young Joe at his de which is littered with walnut shells. Joe has opened up a folder of neatly typed pages. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 19.
13) 0) text: Joan is standing in the freezing cold on the porch of a modest salt box house on faculty row. She can hear Joe an his wife Carol yelling at each other from different parts the house.
13) 2) dialog: I did!
13) 4) dialog: I don’t know when I did it, I did it when you told me to do it! Joan rings the bell which gives a half-hearted BLAT. Joe opens the door, looking distracted, his shirt half buttoned and his face still raw from shaving. We hear the baby crying. It’s a messy house -- Carol is not a great housekeeper.
17) 0) text: We're mid-flight on the way to Stockholm. We see Joan and ensconced in their fancy Concord seats. In the seats behi them we see Joe’s entourage -- his publisher, agent and editor. And David, who’s curled up in a blanket, plugged a Walkman. Joan is doing the New York Times crossword puzzle -- with pen, of course. Joe, in a nest of airline blankets and pillows and newspapers, his free sleep mask dangling arou his neck, is busy writing down ideas for his next novel o yellow pad. His tray table is littered with the remains o all the in-flight offerings of drinks and nut cups and ju shrimp. A comely FLIGHT ATTENDANT, MONICA comes over to Joe and i hushed tone, leans over Joan and offers him a basket of freshly-baked cookies.
17) 2) dialog: Yes. Why not. As the attendant leans over Joe and delivers his cookie w a pair of tongs, Joe watches with quiet pleasure as her breasts slide forward inside the silky blouse of her unif
17) 3) dialog: Thank you. Joan is observing this little scene with well-practiced detachment. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 24.
17) 6) dialog: You want a bite of my cookie?
17) 8) dialog: You want one of my pillows?
17) 10) dialog: You want to take a look at this?
17) 13) dialog: Oh Christ.
17) 18) dialog: Hello, Nathanial. So I take it you're not flying to Stockholm just for the pickled herring.
17) 20) dialog: It's not about the prize, it's about getting up the gumption to write the next book.
17) 22) dialog: I give my wife credit, I give her plenty of credit.
17) 24) dialog: Listen, my friend, I know I'm supposed to be impressed that you've somehow wheedled your way onto this plane but I'm still not letting you write my biography.
17) 26) dialog: Good. his sleep mask over his eyes, making it clear that with Bone.
17) 31) dialog: Move on, Nathanial. Bone leaves.
17) 32) dialog: Schmuck.
17) 34) dialog: I have to be blunt or he won't give up.
17) 36) dialog: He's the one who intruded on my space. Fuck him if he can't take a perfectly justified rejection.
17) 38) dialog: Noted. Joe settles back for a nap.
17) 40) dialog: Mmm. 17 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 27.
18) 0) text: The Castlemans and Joe’s entourage -- his editor, publish and agent -- are arriving in the lobby of the Grand Hotel 19th century edifice of luxury and importance. The DOOR MEN are bowing their heads to Joe, BELL MEN are scurrying to fetch the Castlemans’ luggage. HOTEL STAFF s at him, eyes shining with awe. Joe a little rumpled and travel-worn from the plane fligh stares at the phalanx of SWEDISH PRESS and the members of NOBEL PRIZE COMMITTEE who are waiting for him up ahead. J squeezes his arm.
18) 2) dialog: Yeah, thanks Joanie, I'm fine. Joe walks into the embrace of the adoring Swedes, and reinvigorated by the attention, starts pumping hands with members of the prize committee. Joan stands back with David and shifts Joe's heavy woolen coat to her other arm. She adjusts her expression to one self-assured repose as they wait for the initial flush of Castlemania to die down.
18) 11) dialog: Joanie --
18) 17) dialog: Thank you. But don’t worry, I’m very low maintenance.
18) 24) dialog: Thank you, you're very kind.
18) 26) dialog: This is my wife, Mrs. Castleman.
18) 29) dialog: Where’s David? He turns to David who’s lingering on the edge of the crow smoking a cigarette.
18) 30) dialog: David! Come over here. (to Arvid) This is our son, David. David ambles over and shifts his cigarette so he can shak Arvid’s hand. Joe gives David a look to lose the goddamn cigarette.
18) 33) dialog: Believe me, my son is very engaging when he's not in the throes of jet lag. Kind laughter.
18) 35) dialog: Yes, that’d be terrific. Onward.
19) 0) text: Joe and Joan are now walking through the rooms of their luxuriously appointed suite. David is with them, checking out the grandeur that’s being lavished on his father. Joe his adrenaline still high, is keeping up a running commentary.
19) 1) dialog: ...Jesus, look at this place, you could house a family of ten in here. David, what do you need your (MORE)
19) 3) dialog: own room for? You should stay here with us.
19) 5) dialog: I bet this is from my lawyer. He always sends the same cheap brand. Joanie you have my reading glasses? Joan retrieves Joe's glasses from her purse. Two uniformed BELLMEN appear, having just delivered the luggage. Joan hands them their tips and they leave.
19) 6) dialog: (the champagne) Yep, I was right. (to David) You want this for your room?
19) 8) dialog: These are excellent. You want one?
19) 10) dialog: (reading the note) "Enjoy, enjoy. From Sylvia Fry." Who the hell is Sylvia Fry?
19) 13) dialog: My memory’s turning to shit, it’ll happen to you someday, my Boy. Sooner, perhaps, with your smoking.
19) 16) dialog: Good Christ, there's a library -- come look. Jesus, they’ve even stocked the shelves with my books. Look at this -- they even have “The Walnut” in fucking Arabic. Joanie, did you know about this edition?
19) 18) dialog: David, be careful with that. David pretends to drop the vase then catches it.
19) 19) dialog: What’re you doing? What’s the matter with you? David puts the vase back on the mantel.
19) 22) dialog: (calling after him) Take some fruit with you. David leaves. We hear the door close.
19) 23) dialog: He’s in a mood. Let’s hope he gets laid while he’s here.
19) 27) dialog: Look at this bed. It’s like a giant snow drift. I love this country. They've turned hibernation into an art from. Joan, doesn’t react to his quip. She moves to the bathroo with the toiletries. Joe, follows her in and starts exami the complimentary toiletries set out on the marble counte while Joan unpacks their things.
19) 28) dialog: Is something bugging you?
19) 30) dialog: I wasn't attracted to that girl, by the way.
19) 32) dialog: You think anyone noticed?
19) 34) dialog: All this attention is giving me agita. Listen to my heart, I think it's skipping. Joan listens to his chest.
19) 36) dialog: I’m getting too old for this.
19) 38) dialog: So what’re we doing now? Are we going out?
19) 41) dialog: Joanie.
19) 43) dialog: We need to enjoy this. Joan pats Joe’s cheek and we FOLLOW her back to the bedro She sits on the bed and starts undoing her watch. She reaches over and puts her watch on the bedside table. CLOSE ON the watch, an expensive gold thing. There’s an inscription engraved on the back: To J. in awe, J.
21) 0) text: Joan is following Joe who’s carrying their luggage down a shabby Village street.
22) 0) text: Joan is following Joe who's schlepping their luggage up t stairs of a derelict rooming house in the Village. We hea 21 22 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 35. the sounds of the other tenants through the thin walls -- someone practicing their saxophone, badly...a couple argu They have to step around a shaggy young man who’s passed on the stairs with a broken guitar in his lap.
23) 0) text: We're now in a grimy little room with an airshaft view. Young Joan is sitting on the lumpy bed, crying her eyes o while Young Joe calmly inspects the hot plate.
25) 0) text: Joan has returned. She's now standing at the open door of their tiny room, gazing at Joe, who's hunched over the ta he’s made into his desk. He has a note pad beside him wit few scribbles on it and he’s staring at the empty page in typewriter, his heart too broken to write. Joe turns and looks at her with his beautiful, haunted ey
26) 0) text: We see Joe and Joan buried under the giant eiderdown fast asleep. We hear the gentle rustle of the drapes being pul open. A cool light pours over them. More rustling, soft footsteps, whispers...and suddenly we hear a chorus of gi break into song. Joe and Joan lurch out of their deep traveler's sleep and stare groggily up at a circle of angelic-looking SWEDISH GIRLS in white robes who are standing around their bed holding candles and singing some indecipherable Swedish s of celebration. Joan and Joe, disoriented, sit up and groggily stare at t crowd in their room. Walter is standing by.
26) 2) dialog: St. Lucia...
26) 6) dialog: Yes, you probably did. A GIRL PLAYING SAINT LUCIA approaches the bed, wearing a crown of lighted candles and shakily carrying a breakfast tray set with a coffee service and elegant pastries.
26) 7) dialog: This looks wonderful. Thank you. Linnea is there. She crouches down by the bed and starts taking pictures. Joan, feeling puffy and unattractive, wo rather she not.
26) 9) dialog: Where’re you going?
26) 12) dialog: No, no, I’m grateful that you woke me up. I was in the middle of a nightmare. JI was back in Brooklyn, still living with my mother. He gets a laugh. Joe takes a big bite of a pastry. Crumbs tumble onto the sheets.
26) 13) dialog: Delicious! This is fantastic.
27) 0) text: Joan has shut the door and is hunched on the toilet, havi one of those endless morning pees. She can hear the girls serenading Joe through the door. She starts to shiver uncontrollably. To calm herself, she starts quietly singi her own little song.
28) 0) text: We're at a formal reception that's set up with a vast buf of food and SERVERS circulating with trays of champagne. Joe, with a plate of food in his hands, is regaling a gro of NOTABLE SWEDES with one of his standard anecdotes.
28) 1) dialog: ...my father was a shoe salesman. He died of a heart attack when I was seven while he was fitting some pimply kid with a pair of saddle shoes. Walter is rapidly translating this for the non-English speakers while Linnea takes pictures of Joe. Joan is standing next to David with a glass of champagne, grateful to have her son for company.
28) 2) dialog: So when I come home from school that day, my mother grabs me, presses me to her substantial bosom and says, "Joe, I have something terrible to tell you." Before she can get it out, my tiny Russian grandmother, who's built like a footstool, screams at her, "not before dinner, you'll ruin his appetite!" The English speakers laugh. While Walter translates for t rest of the Swedes Joe bites into a piece of bread that’s piled with herring. He glances at Joan and she discreetly signals for him to brush off a crumb from his beard. He d so and Joan gives him a little nod that it’s gone.
28) 6) dialog: Of course.
28) 10) dialog: Terrific, can’t wait to meet him. Arvid ushers Joe, Joan and David over to JAMES FINCH who’ standing with his wife CONSTANCE and the four FINCH CHILD (aged 15 to 25).
28) 13) dialog: Please, I wish I could say that I understand your formulas. Laughter. Finch’s wife Constance, a jolly, toothy lady sh hands with Joe.
28) 16) dialog: Well, my wife doesn't write, thank God, otherwise I'd have permanent writer's block. More laughter. Joan extends her hand and introduces herse
28) 18) dialog: Joan is the light of my life. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 40.
28) 25) dialog: David is a writer. He's developing quite a voice. Walter comes over.
28) 27) dialog: Terrific to meet you, James. We'll catch you later. 25 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 41.
28) 34) dialog: Go ahead, Joanie. Joan goes through the door, bundling her coat to her thro against the searing cold outside. As Joe follows, he make eye contact with Linnea to re-establish his sexual domini
29) 0) text: Joe, Joan and David are on their way to the next engageme
29) 1) dialog: Well didn’t Finch produce himself a brilliant bunch of nestlings. No doubt he donates his sperm as a service to humanity. He expects to get a laugh from his family but David is staring moodily out the window and Joan is pouring hersel coke from the mini-bar to sober up from the lunch.
29) 2) dialog: (reaching for Joan’s coke) Can I have a little of that? (he pauses to drink) Listen, Boyo, do me a favor -- next time I introduce you, try to make a little more eye contact. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 42.
29) 4) dialog: What're you talking about?
29) 6) dialog: I don't believe in bragging, David. It's vulgar. And the fact is, you are developing your voice. It takes time just as it took time for me to develop mine.
29) 8) dialog: I grew up hard, my friend. Live a little and let's see what you come up with. David gets out his cigarettes.
29) 9) dialog: You’re not smoking in here.
29) 11) dialog: Forget it, it’s zero fucking degrees out there. You shouldn’t be smoking anyway.
29) 13) dialog: What the hell is your problem?
29) 15) dialog: Are you offended that I haven’t discussed your story yet? Is that what's bugging you?
29) 19) dialog: I did read it as a matter of fact. And my opinion is that it’s a good solid start. But that’s not what you want to hear. You want to hear that it’s a breathtaking work of genius.
29) 23) dialog: He's going to miss my lecture.
29) 26) dialog: What're you going to do with yourself?
29) 28) dialog: Fine. Where do you want to be dropped?
29) 30) dialog: (looking out the window) What's here?
29) 33) dialog: (to the driver) Gustav, could you pull over when you have a chance?
29) 36) dialog: Listen, check in with us when you get back.
29) 38) dialog: I’m not going to let him ruin this trip for us.
29) 40) dialog: Oh please, it’s not easy being anyone's son.
29) 42) dialog: He needs to work a little harder. It wouldn't be doing the kid any favor to tell him that he’s brilliant.
29) 44) dialog: Then you should tell him.
29) 46) dialog: He shouldn’t need my approval to write.
29) 48) dialog: True. Joe stares out the window. Joan kicks her high heels off.
29) 50) dialog: Gimme. Joan leans back and Joe takes her feet in his lap and sta massaging them.
29) 52) dialog: Mmm.
29) 54) dialog: Why not? You should be thanked.
29) 56) dialog: I have to, Joanie. Everyone thanks their wife. If I don't, I'll look like a narcissistic bastard.
29) 58) dialog: Come on, one sentence, just one sweet little remark. I'll say it very fast.
29) 60) dialog: It'll be painless 26
29) 63) dialog: Why not. Let’s give these Swedes a thrill.
29) 65) dialog: Joanie.
29) 67) dialog: Are you okay...?
29) 69) dialog: If you don’t want me to thank you, then I won't.
30) 0) text: 26 Young Joan is sitting at the back of a small audience of STUDENTS and ENGLISH DEPARTMENT FACULTY while Joe stands behind her, discreetly running a seductive finger long th back of her neck. A guest lecturer, ELAINE MOZELL, is standing at a podium, cigarette in one hand and her novel in another. She's one those tough, whiskey-voiced dames who's bursting with iro and bitter bon mots.
31) 0) text: The reading is over and Elaine Mozell is holding court wi the faculty. She's drinking a scotch and has the handsome Professor Castleman tucked by her side, her chosen flirta for the evening. Joe sees Joan hovering nearby and pulls her into the magi circle.
32) 0) text: Young Joe is banging away at his typewriter. Joan, dressed for her secretarial job, is finishing hangi some laundry. She grabs her purse and coat and gives Joe passionate kiss goodbye.
34) 0) text: 1957 Joan flings the door open to their sad little room, breathless. Joe is cooking soup for their dinner on a hot plate. He looks at Joan, afraid to ask.
35) 0) text: Joan, lying deep in the folds of the eiderdown, wakes up a gasp from some unpleasant dream. She turns over to Joe’ side of the bed and sees that he’s not there. She looks a the clock on the bedside table. It’s 1:15 AM.
36) 0) text: Joe is sitting alone at a table lit by a candelabra in th middle of the darkened dining room having a late-night sn of dense Swedish bread and fat-laden spreads. He looks up and sees Linnea across the dining room taking picture. She lowers the camera and comes towards him, looking like a Nordic sylph in this light. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 51.
36) 2) dialog: Would you like to join me?
36) 4) dialog: Is it still snowing out there?
36) 6) dialog: Then I’1l send you out with this: “His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead."
36) 9) dialog: I know you’re going to tell me I’m going to kill myself, eating all this fat.
36) 11) dialog: What is we blow this whole thing off? What if we go hole up in some cabin on a fiord. We can drink ourselves silly and howl at the northern lights.
37) 0) text: Joan, up and dressed for the day, is sitting in an arm ch staring at Joe who’s fast asleep under the eiderdown. Her face is unreadable. There’s a knock on the door. She gets up and goes down th hall and lets in the ROOM SERVICE SERVER who’s pushing a elegantly set with breakfast.
37) 3) dialog: Mmm?
37) 5) dialog: Jesus...all right, I’m getting up.
37) 7) dialog: You’re not coming with me?
37) 9) dialog: To do what? 34 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 53.
37) 11) dialog: On some lousy tourist bus?
37) 13) dialog: I just thought this was something we should be doing together. Joan sets down Joe’s heart pills.
38) 0) text: Joan, freed of Joe's celebrity, is taking her own sweet t walking through the lobby. No one is bowing and scraping, one is taking pictures, no one is hovering with awe in th eyes...
40) 0) text: We're on stage where WORKMEN are arranging giant stands o flowers to frame the ceremony. A TELEVISION CREW is setti up for the broadcast. James Finch and the other LAUREATES are gathered on stage a rehearsal. They’re all chatting amicably among themselv while the NOBEL ORGANIZERS and ASSISTANTS stand on the sidelines, watching them in delight. Joe arrives with Walter in tow.
40) 2) dialog: Well, to quote Groucho Marx, “I never want to be a member of a club that would have me.” However, with this crowd I’d be an idiot not to make an exception. Hearty laughter from the great men. Linnea is there with her camera. She takes a few quick sh to capture this moment, then gives Joe a wink.
40) 5) dialog: I’m sorry -- do I bow first?
40) 7) dialog: Ah -- sorry. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 58.
40) 11) dialog: If you'll excuse me for a moment...
40) 13) dialog: I just need to take a break, excuse me.
40) 15) dialog: I'm fine, I’m fine. Thank you. Carry on! Joe walks off the stage.
41) 25) dialog: Did Joe encourage you to keep writing?
42) 0) text: Joe has wandered into a formal, re-carpeted chamber that surrounded on all sides by doors and mirrors. He looks around it, disorientated.
42) 2) dialog: No apologies necessary, it’s your job.
42) 4) dialog: I wish that, yes. (looking at all the doors) Which one of these offers the quickest escape?
42) 6) dialog: Or a dead end.
42) 8) dialog: Indeed. They stand there together, playing this little game, the sexual tension between them palpable.
42) 10) dialog: Go ahead.
42) 12) dialog: Do I.
42) 14) dialog: Oh shit. He starts fiddling with his watch, trying to turn it off.
42) 15) dialog: Shit. My pills.
42) 17) dialog: For my blood pressure. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 64.
42) 19) dialog: I think I should head back to the hotel.
42) 21) dialog: Here -- Joe gets out a pen and starts writing on it.
42) 22) dialog: To Linnea -- that's L-I-N-E-A..
42) 24) dialog: Two N's. Joe tries to rub the letters out.
42) 26) dialog: Yes. I’m fine. Go ahead. Linnea makes a hasty exit, leaving Joe holding the walnut feeling like an utter fool.
42) 27) dialog: Aw shit.
44) 0) text: Joan, looking rattled, is now letting herself into the su We hear Joe calling.
44) 1) dialog: Joan?! Joanie ?! Is that you?!
44) 3) dialog: Where have you been? I've been worried sick.
44) 5) dialog: But look how dark it is already! Don't do this to me, don't disappear on me like that.
44) 7) dialog: What did you do all day?
44) 9) dialog: You’ve had a cigarette. I can smell it on you.
44) 11) dialog: You’ve been drinking too.
44) 13) dialog: In the middle of the day?
44) 15) dialog: You need to pace yourself. You shouldn't be showing up at these functions with alcohol on your breath.
44) 17) dialog: What the hell's gotten into you?
44) 20) dialog: Leave it. Here, lemme have it. As Joe grabs his pants from Joan the walnut falls out of pocket.
44) 22) dialog: I was hungry, I bought some walnuts.
44) 24) dialog: Come on, Joanie.
44) 26) dialog: What're you doing? You're acting crazy. Joan pries the walnut out of Joe's hand. She stares at th half-completed inscription.
44) 28) dialog: Nothing happened. Joan hurls the walnut at Joe. It hits him smack in the middle of his forehead.
44) 29) dialog: Ow! Jesus, Joanie.
44) 31) dialog: Nothing happened! I was the one who stopped it.
44) 33) dialog: Yes bully for me! You know why I stopped? Because I was thinking about you sitting on some fucking tour bus, feeling neglected, with no one to talk to and I rushed back here so you wouldn't be sitting here all alone! And then I end up waiting for you!
44) 35) dialog: I wasn't going to screw her, God dammit. I’m not even attracted to the fucking woman. In fact all I could think about was getting back to you.
44) 37) dialog: You think I'm proud of my behavior? It sickens me. I’m too old for this shit! I’m done! I’m all yours.
44) 44) dialog: Oh my God!
44) 48) dialog: It’s a boy?! You had a boy?! What’d you name him?
44) 50) dialog: Who does he look like?
44) 52) dialog: Put the phone next to his ear, I want to say hello.
44) 54) dialog: Is he on? We hear snuffling on the other end.
44) 55) dialog: Hello Maxwell, how ya doing? It’s your grandpa Joe, whatta ya know?
44) 57) dialog: He’s talking to us, you hear that?
44) 60) dialog: Give that Max a big kiss for us, will you? 41
44) 65) dialog: Aw Joanie, it doesn’t any get better than this. Say what you will about the crap we put each other through -- we still have a wonderful fucking life.
45) 0) text: 4l The Castlemans and Joe’s entourage are all in the bar whi has been taken over by all the Laureates who are now all happily getting drunk. Joe, still glowing from the news of his grandchild is sit with David, full of affection for his son. They’re both leaning together, deep in conversation while Joan sits ba sipping a cognac, glad to see the two of them making amen
45) 1) dialog: You're a gifted writer David, you are.
45) 3) dialog: I liked your story. It’s well structured.
45) 5) dialog: There’s always a but with a first draft. Come on, you know that. You want to hear this?
45) 7) dialog: I don’t completely buy what you did with the couple -- the blowhard husband, the stoic wife with the (MORE)
45) 9) dialog: repressed rage. We’ve seen it. It’s a cliche. You can do better.
45) 11) dialog: It’s part of the process, David. It’s painful, I know. Writing is a fucking agony.
45) 13) dialog: Time for bed. I’m taking your mother to bed. Have a good night, Boyo, don’t stay up too late.
46) 0) text: Joe is out cold, softly snoring in the billows of the eiderdown. Joan, wide awake, is sitting in the library sipping a bra waiting to fall asleep. She stares at all the Castleman books that are displayed on the shelf. She pulls out THE WALNUT. It’s a slim book, with a simple, classy cover des that says to the world, this is an IMPORTANT book. Joan opens it up to the dedication: TO J., IN AWE. J.
47) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON young Joan reading something. We see the reflection of the pages in her eyes as her pupils flick f word to word. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 74. She turns the last page over and lets out a long, despair sigh. She taps the pages back together, into a neat stack CLOSE ON the title page: THE WALNUT. Young Joe comes bursting through the door.
48) 0) text: Joan and Joe are dressed and ready to go -- Joe in white and tails and Joan in an elegant evening gown with jewels her throat. She’s touching up the maturing walnut bruise Joe's forehead with base from her compact.
48) 1) dialog: Where the hell is he?
48) 3) dialog: If he doesn’t show up, that’s it. We're going without him. The buzzer is ringing.
48) 7) dialog: (the bruise) How do I look? Can you tell?
48) 10) dialog: You’re late. We better get going. (nervously patting his pockets ) ...where're my glasses? Joanie, you have my glasses?
48) 12) dialog: You have the invitations?
48) 14) dialog: You never know. David is rummaging in one of the fruit baskets.
48) 15) dialog: David, c’mere, your bow tie is all wrong, let me fix it.
48) 17) dialog: You don't know how to tie it. C’mere. David starts moving away.
48) 18) dialog: Come on, stand still. Joe pulls David's bow tie apart and starts to re-tie it. sniffs at David’s collar.
48) 20) dialog: You've been smoking pot.
48) 22) dialog: Yes you have, you reek of it!
48) 24) dialog: No, I won’t! Look at him. He’s completely stoned! (to David) What the hell is the matter with you?
48) 26) dialog: What kind of hostile crap is that?
48) 29) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? David just shakes his head, stays focused on the tie.
48) 30) dialog: (to Joan) He’s a mess. What are we supposed to do with him?
48) 32) dialog: Then talk to us, for Chrissakes!
48) 36) dialog: Yes I will. We’re late! We're supposed to be in the limo right now and he’s already spoiling my night with this bullshit.
48) 38) dialog: Is it what?
48) 40) dialog: What biographer?
48) 42) dialog: Nathaniel Bone? He’s not my fucking biographer! What’re you talking about?
48) 48) dialog: Don’t be an idiot, David. He’s out to get me because I won't authorize his hack-job on my life.
48) 50) dialog: All right, calm down.
48) 53) dialog: I don’t mean to state the obvious, but I think the pot is making you paranoid.
48) 66) dialog: David, these are lies. It’s fucking outrageous.
48) 68) dialog: What’re you talking about?
48) 70) dialog: Your mother was proofreading.
48) 75) dialog: That’s enough now, David, that’s enough! David starts shoving Joe against the wall.
48) 79) dialog: (scared now) Okay...okay...
48) 82) dialog: Listen, I know it's not easy being my son. I know that.
48) 85) dialog: Look, we’ve all been under a lot of pressure. And you're exhausted. You haven't slept in what, three days? Joe pats David's back.
48) 86) dialog: Listen, why don't you skip the ceremony, get some rest. Take the night off, order up some food. That sound good to you? Joe looks at Joan in agony but she can’t meet his eyes.
49) 0) text: Joe and Joan are sitting apart from each other in silence There’s still a slight wet spot on Joan’s gown from David crying fit.
49) 1) dialog: We're not bad people, Joanie. Joan has nothing to say to this. They drive on.
50) 0) text: We see Young Joan sitting at her large wrap-around desk i front of a typewriter while Young Joe stands behind her, massaging her shoulders. The two of them are looking down her pages that Joe has marked up with red pencil. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 84.
51) 0) text: We see Dr. Ekeberg standing at the podium on the grand No stage delivering his ode to Joe. On one side of the stage KING GUSTAV OF SWEDEN, QUEEN SYLVIA, and the elderly CROW PRINCESS VICTORIA who are in their full royal regalia -- medals, ribbons, tiaras and all. On the other side We see Joe sitting with his fellow laureates, along with the solemn MEMBERS OF THE ACADEMY w are there to bear witness to his lionization.
52) 0) text: We’re now at the Nobel banquet which is housed in a vast, glittering, two-story hall. Rows of mile-long tables have been elaborately set with flowers, candelabra, and crysta wine glasses to accommodate the plethora of toasts. Seate at the tables are SWEDISH and INTERNATIONAL VIP’S and the patient WIVES, all talking loudly, intoxicated by the eve and the generous amount of wine being served. We see Joan and Joe sitting across from each other at the table of honor with King Gustav and Queen Sylvia. Joe, ju trying to get through the night, has slipped back into hi role as the charming raconteur. He’s been across the tabl from the two royals who are both hanging on to his every word. Joan is between the King and a DIPLOMAT who's conversing with the WOMAN on his other side. Having no on to talk to, she’s staying engaged with her wine.
52) 1) dialog: «+.SO you brown the brisket in the pot and then you add two cups of water, some ketchup, some garlic salt, and here's the secret ingredient -- a tablespoon of instant coffee.
52) 3) dialog: No it's a typical reflection of what a terrible cook my mother was. The King guffaws. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 87. Joan smiles, drinks down her wine. A uniformed SERVER com by and Joan gratefully lets him refill her glass. A NOBEL HOSTESS approaches Joe and the King with great deference.
52) 6) dialog: (to his table mates) Excuse me. I shall return.
52) 13) dialog: Good evening and thank you to the Swedish Academy and Your Majesty for your kind welcome and this magnificent feast. I am deeply grateful for this honor you have given me. Joe pauses.
52) 14) dialog: But really this honor belongs to someone else. My wife Joan. There's a great rustling as everyone in the hall shifts i their seats to look at Joan. Joan girds herself.
52) 15) dialog: Joan is truly my better half. She has made it possible for me to find the stillness, as well as the noise, to create my body of work. Without her, I am certain I would not be standing up here tonight. I would instead be at home staring at a blank piece of paper with my mouth open in stupification. Warm laughter.
52) 16) dialog: She has been my sanity, my conscience, the inspiration for every decent impulse that I've ever had. Joan, you are my muse, my love, my soul. And I share this honor with you. King Gustav stands, cuing the guests to all rise to their feet to applaud the lovely Joan. Joan can’t believe that just reduced her to the wife yet again. She’s livid but s maintains her cool and obligingly mouths her thank-you’s the adoring crowd. 49 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 89.
52) 18) dialog: Where're you going?
52) 20) dialog: Joanie, slow down. Joan jerks away from Joe and stumbles into one of the ser causing his tray to upend, spilling the dessert, sherbets all, on Joan's gown.
52) 21) dialog: Oh Christ. The server, aghast, starts making mad apologies in Swedis Diners are turning around. A few GENTLEMAN jump up and of Joan their napkins. An army of STAFF swoop in to attend to Joan and the mess the floor. Joe is speechless with humiliation. Mrs. Lindelof appears and starts ushering Joe and Joan ou the hall.
52) 25) dialog: I think my wife would like to change. Where is our car?
53) 2) dialog: Joanie, wait up, you’re gonna freeze out here Joe pulls off his tuxedo jacket and throws it over her shoulders.
53) 6) dialog: Ah. Thank you.
53) 8) dialog: I think I’1l ride with her.
53) 10) dialog: We'll see. Gustav is jumping out of the limo and opening the door fo the Castlemans. 51
54) 0) text: Joan is shivering. Joe is rubbing her arms.
54) 1) dialog: Gustav, would you turn up the heat? And can you give us a little privacy? Thank you. The privacy screen glides up. Joe turns back to
54) 2) dialog: Listen, we'll go to the hotel, you'll change, we’ll go back, make a quick appearance and then we’1l be done with this whole fucking thing.
54) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
54) 6) dialog: Come on, this is crazy. You're not going to leave me.
54) 8) dialog: Look, I know you didn’t want me to acknowledge you in my speech. But do think what I said up there was all for show? I meant every word of it. Give me some credit.
54) 10) dialog: For loving you.
54) 12) dialog: What. 91. door and 51 Joan. 52 53 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 92. Joan just shakes her head and stares out the window. Joe takes the Nobel medal out of the box offers it to Joa
54) 13) dialog: Here.
54) 15) dialog: It belongs to you.
54) 17) dialog: Quit being so stubborn. Take it. Take it!
54) 19) dialog: I don’t want the fucking thing! Joe takes the medal and throws it out the window. They look at each other in brief, delighted, shock. Then bangs on the partition.
54) 20) dialog: Gustav -- stop the car.
55) 0) text: The limo is pulled over and we see Joe and Gustav walking the busy boulevard digging in a snow bank for the medal.
56) 0) text: Joe and Joan are now walking into their hushed suite. The voluminous curtains have been drawn making the place feel bit like a funeral parlor. Joan throws her evening purse on a table and Joe flings t Nobel medal next to it. Joan starts heading down the hall
56) 1) dialog: Joan. Joanie... Joe catches her and pulls her into the library.
56) 4) dialog: Joanie, c’'mere. Sit so I can look at you. Do you want a drink?
56) 6) dialog: Listen to me. There's nothing horrible or shameful or immoral about what we do. We're writing partners. We’ve created a beautiful body of work together.
56) 8) dialog: That’s how you see it? Really? You're saying that all these years you've been sitting in some giant stew of resentment. Okay, and how about all the years I’ve been rubbing your back and bringing you tea and cooking your dinner and watching the kids so you could work without distraction -- you don’t think there were times when it fucking killed me that you were the one with the golden touch? You think I wake up every morning feeling even remotely proud of myself? But have I ever said to you, I’m done with this marriage, I’m walking away?
56) 10) dialog: And I’ve regretted every fucking one of them!
56) 12) dialog: I never said that. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 94.
56) 16) dialog: That book has nothing to do with the fucking nanny!
56) 18) dialog: Bullshit! (grabbing the book from her. ) These are MY stories, MY culture, MY family, MY ideas!
56) 20) dialog: Fuck you, Joanie, fuck you! What did you ever have to say that was so goddamn compelling? You were nothing but a privileged, prissy little co-ed. The only decent story you ever wrote on your own was about Carol! You stole from my life even then. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 95.
56) 22) dialog: (following her) You wanted this! You loved holing up in the Village with the big, bad Jew. You loved making your parents squirm. You love that you got the literary life and still get the house by the sea and the nice clothes and the travelling and all the privileges without having to Marry some schmuck at a brokerage firm. You got it all, my girl.
56) 24) dialog: What're you doing?
56) 26) dialog: Joanie come on, you’re not leaving me. We have our kids and a grandson and friends we've known forever who will start dying on us one-by-one and where will you be? Living alone? Being brave? Is that what you want? Joan pushes past him and heads to the bathroom.
56) 27) dialog: Don’t walk away from me. God damn it, Joanie.
56) 29) dialog: No we're going to fucking talk this out.
56) 34) dialog: You never told me you were so fucking unhappy.
56) 36) dialog: So, if I’m such an insensitive and talent-less piece of shit. Why the fuck did you marry me?
56) 38) dialog: No answer me, I’d like to know. Why did you marry me?
56) 40) dialog: Here. Turn around. Joe unzips the back of her dress for her. Then he starts kissing the back of her neck, expecting that they’re goin have makeup sex.
56) 42) dialog: Aw fuck it...fuck it.
57) 2) dialog: Joanie...
57) 8) dialog: Joanie do you love me?
57) 10) dialog: You’re such a good liar, how will I ever know? Joe is leaving her... 54 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 98.
58) 0) text: Joan, her eyes puffy with grief, is staring out the windo Is that heaven out there? Will Joe be flying by wearing a pair of wings? David is curled up beside her, dozing. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 99. We hear the tinkle of ice -- the flight attendant is delivering Joan a scotch. It's the same attendant who we on the plane ride over.