51) 0) text: We see Dr. Ekeberg standing at the podium on the grand No stage delivering his ode to Joe. On one side of the stage KING GUSTAV OF SWEDEN, QUEEN SYLVIA, and the elderly CROW PRINCESS VICTORIA who are in their full royal regalia -- medals, ribbons, tiaras and all. On the other side We see Joe sitting with his fellow laureates, along with the solemn MEMBERS OF THE ACADEMY w are there to bear witness to his lionization.
52) 0) text: We’re now at the Nobel banquet which is housed in a vast, glittering, two-story hall. Rows of mile-long tables have been elaborately set with flowers, candelabra, and crysta wine glasses to accommodate the plethora of toasts. Seate at the tables are SWEDISH and INTERNATIONAL VIP’S and the patient WIVES, all talking loudly, intoxicated by the eve and the generous amount of wine being served. We see Joan and Joe sitting across from each other at the table of honor with King Gustav and Queen Sylvia. Joe, ju trying to get through the night, has slipped back into hi role as the charming raconteur. He’s been across the tabl from the two royals who are both hanging on to his every word. Joan is between the King and a DIPLOMAT who's conversing with the WOMAN on his other side. Having no on to talk to, she’s staying engaged with her wine.
52) 2) dialog: Really. This is a typical recipe of the American Jewish culture?
52) 5) dialog: Yes, of course.
52) 7) dialog: Yes, bravo, please do. As Joe gets up, he stares across the table at Joan. They eyes for a beat and it’s possible, just possible, that he ready to tell the world. Joe moves off without another word, leaving Joan breathle She takes a healthy gulp of her wine to possibly prepare herself. King Gustav politely turns to Joan. KING GUSTAV (CONT’D) Tell me about yourself Mrs. Castleman. Do you have an occupation?
52) 9) dialog: And what is that?
52) 11) dialog: You know, my wife will tell you the same thing. They both share a jolly chuckle. Up in the balcony, four TRUMPETERS play a fanfare. The Nobel Hostess is standing at a podium that's set at t top of a grand staircase. She addresses the guests in Swedish and then again in English: THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 88.