18) 16) dialog: Mr. Castleman, it’s an honor. We'll provide you with anything you need. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 29.
18) 34) dialog: Shall we take you to your room then?
26) 0) text: We see Joe and Joan buried under the giant eiderdown fast asleep. We hear the gentle rustle of the drapes being pul open. A cool light pours over them. More rustling, soft footsteps, whispers...and suddenly we hear a chorus of gi break into song. Joe and Joan lurch out of their deep traveler's sleep and stare groggily up at a circle of angelic-looking SWEDISH GIRLS in white robes who are standing around their bed holding candles and singing some indecipherable Swedish s of celebration. Joan and Joe, disoriented, sit up and groggily stare at t crowd in their room. Walter is standing by.
26) 1) dialog: Good morning Mr. Castleman. Today is St. Lucia day and this is St. Lucia who has come to pay her respect to a great writer.
26) 3) dialog: (worried) I believe I told you yesterday to expect this...?
26) 11) dialog: I’m so sorry, Mr. Castleman, is this an inconvenience?
28) 26) dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Castleman, we must start proceeding to your lecture.
40) 0) text: We're on stage where WORKMEN are arranging giant stands o flowers to frame the ceremony. A TELEVISION CREW is setti up for the broadcast. James Finch and the other LAUREATES are gathered on stage a rehearsal. They’re all chatting amicably among themselv while the NOBEL ORGANIZERS and ASSISTANTS stand on the sidelines, watching them in delight. Joe arrives with Walter in tow.
40) 1) dialog: Mister Castleman, let me introduce you to your fellow laureates. Gentlemen, this is Joseph Castleman who is to receive the Nobel Prize in literature. The other laureates pause in their conversations and turn Joe. They all shake hands as they’re introduced. WALTER (CONT’D) Professor Finch, you have already met...this is Professor Chen Ling who's receiving the prize in chemistry...Doctor Karl Seigler, our esteemed laureate in medicine...and Sir Randall Meade who's receiving the prize in economics. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 57. Joe, intimidated by all this brilliance, is grinning and hunting around for something pithy to say.
40) 3) dialog: I will turn you over to Mr. Lagerfelt who will instruct you on the protocol for tomorrow’s ceremony. The impeccable MR. LAGERFELT steps forward.
40) 12) dialog: (hovering) Are you feeling all right, Mr. Castleman?
40) 14) dialog: Can I bring you some water?
53) 5) dialog: Mr. Castleman. You left this on the table!
53) 7) dialog: Mrs. Castleman, we're so very sorry this happened.
53) 9) dialog: Of course. But you'll be coming back, yes?