6) 0) text: A celebration party. FRIENDS and FAMILY are gathered in t well-appointed living room artfully furnished with good r and limited-edition black & white art photos. Joe's New York publishing team -- his AGENT, EDITOR and PUBLISHER -- arrive. They’ve all come up from Manhattan i their good suits to lavish Joe with pricey bottles of win His agent and editor are younger than Joe -- he’s outlive the last bunch. But his longtime publisher, HAL BOWER, 70 is still vital and a dapper dresser. He gives his star writer a bear hug and booms his congratulations. We see a motley collection of Joe’s longtime WRITER FRIEN bent over a table of catered food, consuming large amount Joe's food and liquor to make up for the fact that they didn't get the Nobel. We see Joan with an icy glass of white wine in her hand, standing with the WRITERS WIVES who have the discarded lo of muses of unsuccessful men.
24) 0) text: We see Joan carrying her suitcase down the stairs to the street. She stops at the bottom of the stairway where there’s a grimy mirror. She stops and takes a look at herself: she’s wearing one of her nice traveling outfits a pair of white ladylike gloves and she has to admit that does indeed look like a nice ex-debutante. This infuriate her. She peels off her gloves and flings them to the floo then marches back up the stairs, dragging her suitcase. 23
26) 0) text: We see Joe and Joan buried under the giant eiderdown fast asleep. We hear the gentle rustle of the drapes being pul open. A cool light pours over them. More rustling, soft footsteps, whispers...and suddenly we hear a chorus of gi break into song. Joe and Joan lurch out of their deep traveler's sleep and stare groggily up at a circle of angelic-looking SWEDISH GIRLS in white robes who are standing around their bed holding candles and singing some indecipherable Swedish s of celebration. Joan and Joe, disoriented, sit up and groggily stare at t crowd in their room. Walter is standing by.
33) 0) text: Young Joan is carrying in a tray of coffee into the offic conference room. She passes by another SECRETARY, an olde woman who's carrying out the remains of the men’s lunch. Neither of them look at each other as they’re only there serve the men in the room. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 49. We see the publisher Hal Bower who’s now in his 40’s (we him in his 70’s at the top of the film) having a meeting his editors, WHITE and LOVEJOY who are all pitching him manuscripts.
33) 4) dialog: I have a novel here by a lady writer. It's about an American family that spans three generations. It’s great writing, kind of brilliant in parts. But I thought it was a little soft.
33) 6) dialog: It's from the point of view of this woman. I don’t know, just didn’t grab me.
33) 8) dialog: So-so.
48) 0) text: Joan and Joe are dressed and ready to go -- Joe in white and tails and Joan in an elegant evening gown with jewels her throat. She’s touching up the maturing walnut bruise Joe's forehead with base from her compact.