10) 2) dialog: Sorry I'm late. He drops a pile of books on his desk. Even in his distrac state, he has a sexual energy that makes all the young wo sit up. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) I do have a good excuse, however. My wife had a baby last night. The girls react with "awww"'s. Except for Lorraine and Jo who're both studying the professor, sizing him up.
10) 4) dialog: A girl. Fanny. After Fanny Price. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 17.
10) 7) dialog: That's right. Extra credit to the girl in blue. The other girls look at Joan, resentful that she already scored a point with the professor. Joan averts her eyes - she didn't mean to draw attention to herself. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) It’s completely pretentious, giving my daughter a literary name. But I want her to know how important books are. And when you girls start having babies I expect all of you to name your little girls Fanny, too. There is laughter in the classroom. Joan is offended by t remark and emboldened by the victory of her last remark, speaks up.
10) 9) dialog: Very admirable. And if any of you want to write a nice little romance or a book of love poems, there are plenty of publishers out there who will gobble you up. You're free to do that on your own time but if you bring any of that pap into my class, I will flunk you outright. Joe pulls a walnut out of his jacket pocket. He cracks it quietly picks out the meat. All eyes are on him. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) A true writer does not write to get published. He writes because he has something urgent and personal that he needs to say. He must write as he must breathe and he keeps on doing it despite the loneliness and the poverty and the (MORE)
10) 10) text: 10 11 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 18. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) piles of rejection slips and the parent or the wife who cry out, “you fool, why don’t you get a real job!” A writer writes because if he doesn’t, his soul will starve. The professor sits back and pops the meat of the walnut i his mouth, allowing his words to sink in. Then gazes out the window and recites: YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) “,..His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.” YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) James Joyce. No more needs to be said. The other girls laugh nervously, but Young Joan stares at with a fierce look that catches his eye.
11) 1) dialog: Hello, Miss Archer. Young Joan startles, looks up at Professor Castleman who' standing at his office door, watching her intently. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) Please come in.
12) 0) text: Young Joan is now sitting across from Young Joe at his de which is littered with walnut shells. Joe has opened up a folder of neatly typed pages. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 19.
12) 1) dialog: So. Your story. I've read this twice, and frankly, both times I've found it to be quite good. Joan blushes, is overwhelmed with gratitude.
12) 3) dialog: However, know that you still have a long way to go with this piece.
12) 5) dialog: I'm not asking you to "fix" anything. I'm asking you to go deeper. You write with a lot of intelligence but you're detached.
12) 7) dialog: But she wasn't always that way, was she? She was somebody's child once, somebody's lover. She has cravings, and fears and secret desires. I'm sure she even passes gas.
12) 9) dialog: (laughs ) Very good. I see I'm going to have to watch out for you. Young Joan forces a laugh, wanting to sound like Smithie Lorraine.
12) 11) dialog: Do me a favor, Miss Archer, don't try to put it on like the others. (MORE)
12) 13) dialog: You're charming enough just the way you are.
12) 15) dialog: Good girl. Joe cracks a walnut and offers her some from the palm of hand. Joan hesitates then takes some, but still doing her best to pick up the nut without touching his skin. Joe smiles, finds this extremely endearing. He leans into Joan, his voice confidential. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) Miss Archer, I want to ask you something. I was wondering, whether by any chance you would be free Saturday night. Joan is breathless. Is he asking her out?
12) 17) dialog: Good. Would you be interested in baby-sitting? My wife and I haven't gotten out since Fanny was born.
13) 5) dialog: Come in, come in. I'm warning you, it's chaos in here.
14) 2) dialog: Yes. Her name is Joan. Carol appears at the top of the stairs. She's small and frazzled, a young woman who already looks middle-aged.
14) 4) dialog: Go on up. Carol, could you get me my tie?
14) 6) dialog: Yes, I know that, can you get it for me please? Carol makes an impatient sound. As Joan starts up the nar stairs, we see Carol appear again with the tie and toss i down to Joe. It falls short and Joan picks it up and hold out to Joe. To her surprise, he grabs her hand and murmur into her ear. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) This is my life. God help me. 14 15 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 22.
16) 1) dialog: So. "The Faculty Wife." You've shed quite an interesting light on Mrs. Castleman.
16) 3) dialog: Miss Archer, I've already told you that your work is good. But I'm not sure that I got it through to you. Do you believe me now?
23) 0) text: We're now in a grimy little room with an airshaft view. Young Joan is sitting on the lumpy bed, crying her eyes o while Young Joe calmly inspects the hot plate.
23) 2) dialog: Look, if you don't want to be here, then go back to Smith. I'm sure they'll take you back with open arms. You were victimized, after all -- the lovely young debutante raped by the oversexed Jewish professor.
23) 4) dialog: I'm not your adoring mentor anymore, my girl. I'm now officially a struggling writer who has yet to write his first legitimate novel. We could be living like this for a very long time. If you can’t take it, I understand. It would break my heart, but if you can't take this life, then I release you. Go, I release you, go.
25) 1) dialog: You're back.
25) 3) dialog: Oh Joanie, my girl. I love you, don't ever leave me again... They kiss madly and pull each other to the bed.
31) 1) dialog: Elaine, I want you to meet Miss Archer who is the promising young writer I told you about. Joan bravely offers her hand to Elaine.
32) 0) text: Young Joe is banging away at his typewriter. Joan, dressed for her secretarial job, is finishing hangi some laundry. She grabs her purse and coat and gives Joe passionate kiss goodbye.
34) 1) dialog: So what did he say?
34) 3) dialog: They want to publish it?
34) 5) dialog: C’mere. C’mere you. Joe takes Joan’s face in his hands and kisses her. Then they both start screaming for joy. Joe pulls Joan up the bed and they start jumping up and down -- the origin this ritual. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) (in a sing song) We're getting pu-blished, we're getting pu-blished!
47) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON young Joan reading something. We see the reflection of the pages in her eyes as her pupils flick f word to word. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 74. She turns the last page over and lets out a long, despair sigh. She taps the pages back together, into a neat stack CLOSE ON the title page: THE WALNUT. Young Joe comes bursting through the door.
47) 1) dialog: Okay, I walked to Harlem and back, had five espressos, and made my way through a pack and a half of cigarettes. He sits down on the bed with her, sees his manuscript. It been read. Good. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) So? What do you think? Joan is in agony. She can't speak. Joe is hoping this mea that she's struck dumb by his brilliance. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) What. Tell me.
47) 3) dialog: So talk.
47) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
47) 7) dialog: It's because the subject is too close to you. I should get a more objective opinion.
47) 9) dialog: That doesn't mean anything. Get specific. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 75.
47) 11) dialog: Fuck this. This isn't going to work.
47) 13) dialog: This whole thing. You and me. This love affair of ours, whatever you want to call it.
47) 15) dialog: Of course it does. How can you love me if you think I'm a hack? Joan is starting to cry.
47) 17) dialog: How can I be with someone who has no respect for me?
47) 19) dialog: "All kinds of ways"?! Fuck that! Tell me that you believe in me as a writer!
47) 21) dialog: Screw it, Joanie, it's over. Joan is now a sobbing wreck.
47) 25) dialog: This relationship is doomed!
47) 27) dialog: What am I supposed to do, go back and teach English at some second- rate college? Since obviously I just blew it with the Ivy Leagues by screwing one of my students.
47) 29) dialog: No, you're the girl with the golden touch! You'll go on to be the literary sensation while I stay at home grading papers and cooking the pot roast!
47) 31) dialog: I'm not going anywhere, shush.
47) 33) dialog: I don't want to live without you either. Oh Joanie, life is so fucking unfair They both hold on to each other for a beat madly kissing weeping. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 77. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) Okay, okay, let’s try to calm down. We’ll be okay. Joe gets out his hankie. They both share it, wiping off their tears.
47) 35) dialog: I dunno. Lemme think. Joe gets out the cigarettes and hands one to Joan. They b light up. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) So you think it hopeless, this piece of shit I wrote?
47) 37) dialog: Go ahead. Make it yours.
50) 0) text: We see Young Joan sitting at her large wrap-around desk i front of a typewriter while Young Joe stands behind her, massaging her shoulders. The two of them are looking down her pages that Joe has marked up with red pencil. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 84.
50) 1) dialog: This part where you describe her folding his clothes, it goes on too long. The office door opens and THREE-YEAR-OLD DAVID slips in carrying a little stuffed giraffe.
50) 3) dialog: I see it. It’s good. If that’s what you’re doing, you need to take it further then. Joan holds her hand up to Joe.
50) 5) dialog: (to David) C’'mere, Kiddo. Joe picks David up and walks him back to the door. He cal out to the hall. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) Melinda...? Through the door, we see Joe hand David off to their nann MELINDA, a young woman who’s not beautiful but pleasant enough that Joe might feel compelled to seduce her. He sh the door behind him and we hear David crying in protest. Joan looks up from her typing as the sound of David’s cri fade as he’s being led away. She stares at the closed doo for a beat -- was that my child crying? Joan returns to h typing...