10) 0) text: We see YOUNG JOAN, 19, a fresh-faced coed in a tartan ski and matching blue sweater sitting at a desk with the othe SMITHIES, all waspy, well-heeled girls like herself. Whil they wait for the professor to arrive, SMITHIE GIRL LORRA who fancies herself a sophisticate, is holding court with other girls.
10) 6) dialog: That's Fanny Brice. Fanny Price is the character from "Mansfield Park".
10) 8) dialog: I don't intend to have babies until I'm published. And maybe not even then.
10) 10) text: 10 11 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 18. YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) piles of rejection slips and the parent or the wife who cry out, “you fool, why don’t you get a real job!” A writer writes because if he doesn’t, his soul will starve. The professor sits back and pops the meat of the walnut i his mouth, allowing his words to sink in. Then gazes out the window and recites: YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) “,..His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.” YOUNG JOE (CONT’D) James Joyce. No more needs to be said. The other girls laugh nervously, but Young Joan stares at with a fierce look that catches his eye.
11) 0) text: Young Joan is anxiously sitting on a bench outside the professor's office. She can hear him talking to another student -- quick, dueling murmurs, then a shriek of femal laughter. The door opens and SMITHIE GIRL LORRAINE comes out, still laughing and aglow from her meeting with the professor. S glances at Joan, gives her a smug little smile. Joan watc her rival walk down the hall, certain that this girl now the professor heart and soul.
12) 0) text: Young Joan is now sitting across from Young Joe at his de which is littered with walnut shells. Joe has opened up a folder of neatly typed pages. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 19.
12) 2) dialog: Thank you, Professor.
12) 4) dialog: Yes, yes of course. I'm more than willing to make fixes.
12) 6) dialog: Oh. But the characters are supposed to be detached. Especially the mother.
12) 8) dialog: Yes, she does. But she blames it on the negro maid.
12) 10) dialog: Oh, I can be quite a handful, Professor. Joe looks at her, kindly.
12) 14) dialog: (blushing wildly) Yes...all right.
12) 16) dialog: Yes. Yes I am.
12) 18) dialog: (a beat) Sure. (flatly) I love babies.
16) 0) text: Young Joan is seated across from Professor Castleman who' slowly rolling a walnut around in one hand while he leafs through Joan’s latest literary effort. Joan is in agony, praying that she hasn't gone too far.
16) 2) dialog: No, no, it's not about your wife at all, it was just a character study. 16 THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 23. Joe leans over and kisses Joan full on the lips. He final releases her and Joan sits back in her chair, flushed and trembling.
16) 4) dialog: Yes. I think you've made it perfectly clear. They continue to kiss. In their passion, they knock Joan’ Manuscript off the desk and the pages flutter to the floo
20) 0) text: CLOSE on a walnut which has the same inscription in pen: g., in awe, J. We see a hand swipe the walnut out of frame. We see Carol Castleman holding the walnut and shaking it Young Joan, who's standing in her dorm room, crying.
20) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry, Mrs. Castleman. I'm so sorry, I'm not a bad person. Other COLLEGE GIRLS are standing in the hallway and peeri out of their rooms watching this drama unfold.
23) 0) text: We're now in a grimy little room with an airshaft view. Young Joan is sitting on the lumpy bed, crying her eyes o while Young Joe calmly inspects the hot plate.
23) 1) dialog: I can't stay here! It's filthy! This is a room for an alcoholic!
23) 3) dialog: I'm not a debutante! Screw you, Joe! I knew exactly what I was doing!
25) 2) dialog: I love you, Joe. I believe in you. I believe in you with all my heart. Joe looks like he's going to weep. Joan goes to him and h pulls her onto his lap and buries his face in her neck.
30) 0) text: 26 Young Joan is sitting at the back of a small audience of STUDENTS and ENGLISH DEPARTMENT FACULTY while Joe stands behind her, discreetly running a seductive finger long th back of her neck. A guest lecturer, ELAINE MOZELL, is standing at a podium, cigarette in one hand and her novel in another. She's one those tough, whiskey-voiced dames who's bursting with iro and bitter bon mots.
31) 2) dialog: I loved your reading. Your prose is absolutely brilliant. It's clean and vivid and bold.
31) 4) dialog: (blushing) Oh. Thank you. I love to write. It's my life.
31) 6) dialog: Excuse me?
31) 12) dialog: Whose?
31) 14) dialog: But a writer has to write.
33) 0) text: Young Joan is carrying in a tray of coffee into the offic conference room. She passes by another SECRETARY, an olde woman who's carrying out the remains of the men’s lunch. Neither of them look at each other as they’re only there serve the men in the room. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 49. We see the publisher Hal Bower who’s now in his 40’s (we him in his 70’s at the top of the film) having a meeting his editors, WHITE and LOVEJOY who are all pitching him manuscripts.
33) 10) dialog: Mr. Bower?
33) 12) dialog: I think I may have what you’re looking for.
34) 2) dialog: Oh Joe, he loves it.
34) 4) dialog: Yes.
47) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE ON young Joan reading something. We see the reflection of the pages in her eyes as her pupils flick f word to word. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 74. She turns the last page over and lets out a long, despair sigh. She taps the pages back together, into a neat stack CLOSE ON the title page: THE WALNUT. Young Joe comes bursting through the door.
47) 2) dialog: Look. You asked me to be honest.
47) 4) dialog: I'm really, really sorry, Joe, but it doesn't work for me.
47) 6) dialog: Somehow...it never really comes alive. I wanted more than anything to be moved. But I wasn't. I'm sorry.
47) 8) dialog: The characters are wooden, Joe. No offense, but you haven't made them real.
47) 10) dialog: Well the dialogue, for one thing ...Um, it's stilted. (nervously flipping through the pages) Let me see if I can find an example...
47) 12) dialog: What isn't?
47) 14) dialog: Joe, just because I don't like your novel doesn't mean that I don't love you --
47) 16) dialog: Joe, please!
47) 18) dialog: I do respect you! I respect you in all kinds of ways!
47) 20) dialog: It's only your first draft, Joe!
47) 22) dialog: Oh God! No, Joe, it can't be over!
47) 26) dialog: We're not doomed!
47) 28) dialog: I'm not just one of your students!
47) 30) dialog: I'm not going to be a literary sensation, you bastard! Not ever! No one will ever publish my books! And if they do, no one will read them! I'll end up like Elaine Mozell, bitter and angry and drunk! This declaration somehow calms Joe down a bit. YOUNG JOAN (CONT’D) I'm not full of big ideas the way you are! You're the brilliant one! You're the one who has something to say, not me! Please don't leave me, please. If I lose you, my life is over! Joe sits on the bed with Joan and holds her. He starts crying as well.
47) 32) dialog: I don't want to live without you!
47) 34) dialog: What are we going to do?
47) 36) dialog: It's not a piece of shit, Joe. It's a really compelling story. The ideas are all there. I know how to fix it. I can see it. (a beat) Do you want me to fix it? A long beat. YOUNG JOAN (CONT’D) Do you Joe?
50) 0) text: We see Young Joan sitting at her large wrap-around desk i front of a typewriter while Young Joe stands behind her, massaging her shoulders. The two of them are looking down her pages that Joe has marked up with red pencil. THE WIFE FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT (16/12/16) 84.
50) 2) dialog: It’s deliberate, Joe. It’s about her boredom while she’s waiting for him to show up. David goes over to Joan and leans against her and starts bouncing the giraffe around her desk. YOUNG JOAN (CONT’D) There’s a rhythm to it. Do you see? It’s an endless list of the prosaic.
50) 4) dialog: I have it. Joan starts typing. David, wanting Joan’s attention, wags giraffe in front of her face. YOUNG JOAN (CONT’D) Sweetie...