1) 0) text: At the wheel, ignoring impending disaster, BOBBY COOPER, good-looking, fiddles with the RADIO dial, annoyed only t country stations. He's been driving since noon yesterday shows -- along with a heavily-bandaged left hand resting steering wheel. He finds something by Pearl Jam or Smashi Pumpkins and he cranks it. He pops a Percodan with his go as, in the shimmering distance ahead, he sees black shape the road and lays on the horn.
1) 1) dialog: Get off the goddamn road!
3) 0) text: The RADIO blares as BOBBY fights to stay awake. His atten caught by blue and red lights flashing in the oncoming la sits up as the POLICE CAR (SHERIFF POTTER inside) closes quickly. The SIREN starts faintly, then SCREAMS as the cr roars past at speed.
3) 1) dialog: Fuck you! There is a loud pop from the front of the Mustang and a t cloud of steam now pours from the hood. The temperature g now starts rising.
3) 2) dialog: No!...Not now!...Shit! A couple of SEMIS roar past in the opposite direction, buffetting the Mustang with their air waves.
4) 0) text: The car rolls into a fork in the road, limping with the d an animal that won't make another hundred yards. One sign on the larger road says "GLOBE" is 29 miles away other sign, on the lesser road, tells us "SUPERIOR" is on miles. A third sign confirms his destiny with "Gas, Food, Mile." BOBBY seems to have no choice. He aims the car down the l road towards "Superior, Arizona."
5) 0) text: The car rattles on its last legs, as BOBBY mutters incant noticing a old, ghostlike MINING COMPANY at the base of t mountains overlooking the TOWN. It's deserted now, no one visible, the gates shut, but in its vast, dark bulk, we s the ancient richness and power of this town. Bobby moves
6) 0) text: Down the road from the MINING COMPANY, BOBBY'S CAR pulls small GAS STATION, made of weather-beaten wood, its windo since dusted over. The pumps themselves look to have been manufactured in the early fifties. Above the station is a so faded it's barely readable: HARLIN'S. Bobby gets out of the car and with great care, favoring h bandaged left hand which seems to give him a great deal o he opens the hood. A plume of steam hits him in the face.
6) 1) dialog: Oh shit! Bobby looks around for someone, anyone.  After a few mome reaches into the car and blows the horn.  He waits, then it again.  From out of the station walks DARRELL - a slow-looking man in coveralls caked with grease and dirty looks the part of a yokel.
6) 2) dialog: You Harlin?
6) 4) dialog: Harlin around?
6) 6) dialog: Will he be back soon?
6) 8) dialog: You own this place?
6) 10) dialog: Then why do you call it Harlin's?
6) 12) dialog: But he's dead.
6) 14) dialog: You want to take a look at my car?  I think the radiator hose is--
6) 16) dialog: Look, Harlin, I've got places to be.
6) 18) dialog: OK. Darrell... Could you just take a look at my radiator hose.  It's busted. Darrell is clearly upset at being cut off.  He leans into car and looks at the engine.
6) 19) dialog: So?
6) 21) dialog: I know it's busted.  What did I just tell you?
6) 23) dialog: If I could do you think I'd be standing here wasting my time.  Can you fix it, or do I have to go somewhere else?
6) 25) dialog: Okay, I'm stuck.  You happy?  Now can you fix it, or not?
6) 27) dialog: Great!
6) 29) dialog: How much time?
6) 32) text: Twenty-after-ten. BOBBY
6) 34) text: Ninety-two.  Course half hour from now might be seventy-two. These clouds move around a lot. Bobby wipes the bandaged hand across his forehead. DARRELL
6) 35) text: What happened to your hand? Self-consciously Bobby quickly drops his hand to his side BOBBY
6) 37) text: You got to be more careful. Hands is important.  Let me show you something. When I was a kid, now I don't know if you can still see it, but I gashed my fingers in a lawnmower. BOBBY
6) 39) text: Diner up a piece.  Not much, but us simple folk like it. BOBBY
6) 41) text: Just a car. Bobby reaches into the car, pulls out a small ugly gym ba he slings onto his shoulder and moves to the trunk, pops BOBBY
6) 42) text: It's not just a car. It's a sixty-four and half Mustang convertible. That's the difference between you and me, and why you live here and I'm just passing through. The trunk lid rises in the air, partially blocking Bobby Darrell, acting as a partition between them. BOBBY
6) 43) text: Now do you mind? I got to get some stuff out of the trunk. He throws the car key to Darrell who takes the hint, spit grotesquely into the dirt, scratches his nuts, and walks to the shack. Concealed by the trunk lid, Bobby pulls out a GUN (a .9mm Baretta), wrapped in a t-shirt, from the top of the bag. we see a flash of green money, lots of it. Sports pages a betting sheets are piled inside. With a look around, Bobb the gun and stashes it underneath the rubber mat in the t Briefly we notice a towing ROPE under the mat. There is a travel bag, from which he peels a fresh bottle of Percoda quickly taking two, as well as the sports page.
7) 0) text: DARRELL watches out of the darkened office through the fr window, as BOBBY slams the trunk and starts walking down road, with the bag on his shoulder.
8) 0) text: BOBBY walks along a dusty patch of road into town past a saying "SUPERIOR - HOME OF THE GOLDEN DOOR RETIREMENT COMMUNITY." As he walks on, a pair of MOTORCYCLERS roar p their Harleys blanketing him in a cloud of DUST.  He shou after them, but his words are lost under the whine of the engines.
9) 0) text: BOBBY hits town, such as it is:  The Freeway left here a years back. There are only a few little stores:  A genera store, a catalog outlet, a post office that doubles as a depot.  All of them built for the desert heat. The busies in town seems to be the truckstop/diner with a few 18 whe parked outside it. At the corner of one street sits an old BLIND MAN dressed raggedy clothes, perhaps an Indian. His SEEING-EYE DOG li to him. He's talking to TWO OLD MEN, veterans perhaps, In Spanish. They both have missing limbs and slide off with alcoholic looks as Bobby passes. The Blind Man yells out American Indian accent. BLIND MAN
9) 1) text: Hey!  You there! BOBBY
9) 3) text: Don't call me old man.  Ain't you got no respect, boy? BOBBY
9) 5) text: Yeah I want something.  I want you to run over to that machine and get me a pop. BOBBY
9) 7) text: Hell no, I can't do that myself.  I'm blind.  Can't you see that? BOBBY
9) 9) text: What'd you think I was doing out here with these glasses on?  Sunnin' myself? BOBBY
9) 11) text: I ain't got no eyes.  You want to see? BOBBY
9) 13) text: Lost my eyes in Vyee-et-nam.  Lost them fighting the commies.  Fought the war and lost my eyes fightin' the commies just so you can come around here and make fun of me. BOBBY
9) 15) text: Don't be sorry.  Just run over there and get me my pop before I die of thirst. BOBBY
9) 17) text: Change?  You want my change?  I fought the war and lost my eyes just so I could give you my change? BOBBY
9) 18) text: All right, old man.  Christ. Bobby walks across the street to a very old soda machine; bottles instead of cans.  The blind man shouts to Bobby. BLIND MAN
9) 19) text: Get me a Dr. Peppa!  I don't want no Colas. Colas ain't nothing but flavored water. Bobby puts change in the machine and pulls out a bottle o Pepper.  He starts back to the blind man. BLIND MAN
9) 20) text: Don't forget to open it for me.  I can't be opening my own bottle. BOBBY
9) 21) text: Christ! Bobby goes back to the machine and opens the bottle, then back to the old man who pours a splash on the ground. BLIND MAN
9) 23) text: Ah!  Just what I needed!  Want some? The blind man holds the bottle out to Bobby.  A string of runs from his lips to the bottle's neck. BOBBY
9) 24) text: I'll pass. Bobby reaches down and pets the old man's dog. Flies buzz both the dog and the Blind Man. BOBBY
9) 26) text: That's 'cause he's dead. Bobby jumps back. BOBBY
9) 28) text: I hope you wasn't pettin' him none, was you? BOBBY
9) 30) text: He's only just dead.  What was I supposed to do with him?  I can't take him away anywhere.  And nobody wants to take him for me.  Do you? BOBBY
9) 32) text: See.  Ain't nothing I can do but keep him here beside me.  That's where he belongs anyways.  Me and Jesse, that's my dog, not anymore, but me and Jesse we been pals since the war when I lost my eyes.  He was just a pup then... a companion that's loyal, that'll keep coming back to you no matter how much you kick him...I miss him. (as Bobby moves away) I'll see ya later, unless I come across something worse. Bobby noticing a beautiful woman down the street, GRACE M compulsively turns and catches up to her.  She is dressed than the usual t-shirts and tank tops of this town -- per mail-ordered dress or a mother's hand-me-down.  With her hair and caramel skin, it is obvious she is Native Americ arms are full with an awkward package she can barely mana BOBBY
9) 34) text: I'm just going to my car? BOBBY
9) 36) text: My mother told me never to accept offers from strangers. BOBBY
9) 37) text: My name is Bobby.  Now I'm not a stranger anymore.  See how easy it is for us to get to know each other, beautiful? GRACE
9) 38) text: Do you have to call me that? BOBBY
9) 40) text: Maybe I don't want you to. Grace stops walking. BOBBY
9) 42) text: You're pretty full of yourself, aren't you? BOBBY
9) 44) text: It's Grace. BOBBY
9) 45) text: May I carry your package, Grace? Grace hesitates, then gives the package to Bobby.  He has trouble with it himself. BOBBY
9) 47) text: You sure you can manage? BOBBY
9) 49) text: Do you want me to carry your pack for you? Bobby blurts out emphatically. BOBBY
9) 50) text: No! He catches himself, and softens a bit. BOBBY
9) 52) text: What happened to your hand? BOBBY
9) 55) text: It's very nice of you to help me.  That package is kind of heavy, and it's so hot. BOBBY
9) 56) text: No trouble at all, really. They get to a car and Bobby puts down the package. BOBBY
9) 58) text: Oh, this isn't my car.  It's down a ways. I should have parked closer.  I just didn't think it would be so heavy.  I could drive up. BOBBY
9) 59) text: That's all right.  I got it. Bobby takes up the package and they begin walking again. package seems to have gained weight. GRACE
9) 60) text: It's just new drapes and curtain rods.  If I had known it was going to be so heavy I would have had them delivered up to the house. Bobby struggles with the package.  Sweat starts to sheet face. BOBBY (panting)
9) 62) text: I just got tired of looking at the old drapes. My mother made them. Had them long as I can remember. You ever seen something and just knew you had to have it? BOBBY (straining)
9) 64) text: 'Course they cost a little more than I should really be spending.  But, damn it, I don't hardly ever do anything nice for myself.  I deserve nice things. BOBBY (can hardly talk)
9) 66) text: This is it. Bobby practically drops the package.  He is covered with GRACE
9) 67) text: Thank you, Bobby. BOBBY
9) 69) text: You're not from around here, are you? BOBBY
9) 71) text: You don't have that dead look in your eyes like the only thing you live for is to get through the day. BOBBY
9) 73) text: Drove into Superior?  What for? BOBBY
9) 75) text: You're lucky you didn't break down in the desert.  Day like today, you'd be dead in no time. When you leaving? BOBBY
9) 77) text: And here I've made you all hot and sweaty. Grace steps to Bobby and places her hand against his ches rubs away some of the sweat. They look at each other a be POLICE CAR, seen earlier, pulls up beside them from behin idles. SHERIFF VIRGIL POTTER is a weathered, handsome, middle-aged man with suspicious eyes, black haired in con to Bobby's sandiness. SHERIFF
9) 80) text: Well it's about time. Looks like you found yourself a helper too. Bobby wants to shrink behind the drapes. GRACE
9) 82) text: Oh? Bobby turns to the Sheriff and forces a smile. BOBBY
9) 88) text: Well, anyhow, you stay cool. Nice meeting you, son. BOBBY
9) 90) text: Well, I guess I could use some help getting this box into the house.  Not far. You could shower, get something cool to drink. Bobby considers the offer, but there's not much consideri do. BOBBY
10) 0) text: BOBBY rides along with GRACE in her JEEP. GRACE
10) 1) text: Where you coming from? BOBBY
10) 3) text: You've been around. BOBBY
10) 5) text: Where you headed? BOBBY
10) 7) text: So, what is it you do, Mister...? BOBBY
10) 8) text: Cooper. Bobby Cooper. Oh you know, whatever pays best. Little bartending, used to teach tennis, played a little competition ... (drops it). GRACE
10) 9) text: I never played tennis. You just travel around Bobby-- no direction, no steady work.  You must like taking chances. BOBBY
10) 11) text: What happens when you lose? BOBBY
10) 13) text: Somewhere else.  I've never been anywhere else.  Just once.  Years ago.  Went to the State Fair. It was nice, but it wasn't nothing. BOBBY
10) 14) text: I couldn't stay in this place.  I wouldn't. I'd just pick up, do whatever I had to do, and get out. Grace looks to Bobby and smiles. GRACE
11) 0) text: BOBBY, naked, steps into the shower and turns on the wate shoots from the shower head and cascades over his body. water falls over him we hear a Russian accented voice: VOICE(V.O.)
11) 1) text: I want my money. Bobby press his left hand against the white tile to stead himself.  His hand is curled in such a way we cannot see pinky or ring finger.  Bobby leans back in the shower.  J he does:
12) 0) text: It is raining hard.  Matching the backwards motion of the scene BOBBY is thrown violently against a brick wall, fac out. VOICE(V.O.)
12) 1) text: I want my money. BOBBY
12) 3) text: Take two for now. One a week, punk... Bobby is being pressed against the wall by two muscular G Another MAN stands partially hidden behind the goon's fra With one hand one goon flattens Bobby's hand against the with his other he clips two fingers off with a GARDEN SHE see Bobby's face in agonizing pain, then he slides scream the ground until he is framed between the legs of the men As Bobby clutches his left hand the rainwater runs in str down his ashen, blank face.
13) 0) text: We see BOBBY's face reliving the experience as once again hear the voice. VOICE (V.O.)
13) 1) text: Two weeks, asshole. Get the money or you gonna lose your nose and ears. Bobby has slumped to the floor of the shower, looking to left hand, almost crying, unable to tolerate it.  As a st blood snakes down the white tile we see that the pinky an FINGERS have been cut off at the joints.
14) 0) text: BOBBY, his hand rebandaged, is putting on his clothes. BOBBY (to himself)
14) 2) text: Thought you might like a refill on your lemonade. Bobby takes the lemonade and drinks it down.  He rubs the against his forehead. BOBBY
14) 4) text: I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to. BOBBY
14) 6) text: Did you like it; me watching you? BOBBY
14) 8) text: Good, 'cause I liked what I saw. Bobby gives a smile as devilish as it is pleasant. Grace an ice cube from the glass between her lips. He notices a picture of GRACE and an OLDER MAN. BOBBY
14) 10) text: Thank you. Grace sits on the edge of the bed. Bobby indicates the pi ironic. BOBBY
14) 12) text: Stepfather... BOBBY (coy)
14) 14) text: No. Not really. Bobby senses she's lying but plays along. BOBBY
14) 16) text: I guess it must. BOBBY
14) 18) text: A little of this, a little of that.  Mostly I tell fortunes. BOBBY
14) 20) text: From my father.  He was the tribe's shaman. BOBBY
14) 22) text: Those are white words, not ours. BOBBY
14) 24) text: Come here. Bobby goes to Grace and kneels before her.  She takes his in her hands and looks deep into his eyes.  Her voice goe thick, but soft, like a morning fog. GRACE
14) 25) text: There's something in your past; something you want to keep hidden.  There's a pain. Something ... someone you can't forget. And there is something you want very badly. It seems very far away to you, but you are determined, and you will do what you must to get it. Bobby closes his hands on Grace's and takes them from his He is more than slightly spooked by the accuracy of Grace reading. BOBBY
14) 27) text: It tells me what every face tells me. Everybody has a past, they have a pain, and they have something they want. (seductively) What is it you want? BOBBY
14) 29) text: Really?  I want to hang drapes. Grace walks from the room.  For a moment Bobby stares aft He takes an ice cube from his glass and crunches it in hi teeth.
15) 0) text: GRACE is standing on a step ladder trying to hang the dra BOBBY notices a photo of Grace with an older INDIAN WOMAN mother? GRACE
15) 1) text: Hold me. Bobby stands behind her, gently places his hands on Grace waist. GRACE
15) 2) text: Tighter.  I won't break. You know girls are a lot tougher than men think. Bobby holds her tighter as she finished hanging the drape eyes are transfixed on her ass. GRACE
15) 3) text: There.  All done.  Lift me down. BOBBY
15) 5) text: Lift me down. Bobby lifts Grace down from the ladder.  He holds her, hi around her waist. GRACE
15) 6) text: You can let go of me now. I'm safe.(with a wicked smile) How do they look? BOBBY
15) 8) text: Beautiful? BOBBY (kidding)
15) 10) text: I like them.  I was sick of looking at this room.  I think they add a little life. BOBBY
15) 12) text: No more drapes to hang.  Now what should we do? BOBBY
15) 14) text: And what would that be? Bobby steps close to Grace and takes her by the shoulders pulls her to him and presses his lips hard to hers.  Grac doesn't respond. BOBBY
15) 16) text: Games? BOBBY
15) 18) text: Really?  And what game did you want to play?  You carry my box for me, and I fall into bed with you? Bobby grabs up his pack. BOBBY
15) 20) text: Maybe I like to find out about a man first. Maybe I like to know what he's made of. BOBBY
15) 21) text: I'm just flesh and blood, baby.  That and a few memories of bad women; just like most guys.  But you already know that.  You read my mind, remember? Thanks for the lemonade. Bobby turns to leave. GRACE
15) 22) text: You never did answer my question. BOBBY
15) 24) text: That's not an answer.  What is it you want? BOBBY
15) 26) text: Maybe I just want to hear you say it. For a beat Bobby stands and stares hard at Grace.  His pa slides from his shoulder and thuds on the floor.  With gr determination, like a beast closing for the kill, Bobby m for her.  Grace stands firm, ready for him; her head tilt Her breath comes deep and hard. Just as Bobby is about to reach her, just as he is about her, he is stopped dead by the booming voice of JAKE McKE JAKE (O.S.)
15) 27) text: Grace! Bobby turns to face Jake:  An older man, still large and formidable for his age. GRACE (nonplussed)
15) 29) text: Who the hell is this!? BOBBY
15) 31) text: I'm her husband. BOBBY (shocked whisper)
15) 33) text: Now who the hell are you, and it better be good, or God help me I'll break you in half. BOBBY
15) 35) text: Didn't much look like you were hanging drapes. BOBBY
15) 37) text: A lot that means. BOBBY
15) 38) text: Grace, tell him. Grace says nothing.  She picks up a glass of lemonade and at it coolly. BOBBY
15) 41) text: Oh yeah, and I suppose you didn't have anything to do with it Grace, he just wandered up here by hisself. I got a mind to put you over my knee and paddle your ass raw! BOBBY (to Grace)
15) 43) text: Where you going! BOBBY (exiting)
15) 45) text: You can't just walk in here and walk out, you sonufabitch! I'm gonna tear you a new asshole! BOBBY
15) 47) text: It ain't broke. It probably isn't, but it bleeds. Bobby feels the blood a sees it on his shirt. BOBBY
15) 49) text: Get goin' Junior. Bobby glares back at Grace who gives him a maddening litt BOBBY
16) 0) text: BOBBY, holding a handkerchief to his nose which has stopp bleeding, hauling his bag on his shoulder, walks back to along the side of the road. Already he is caked with a mi of sweat and dust, looking up at the relentless sun that down on him. BOBBY
16) 1) text: Fuckin' shithole! A CADILLAC slows beside him, JAKE driving. BOBBY
16) 3) text: I'll give you a lift, son. Too hot to be walking... People die out here, y'know. Bobby continues walking. JAKE
16) 4) text: Aw, you're not still upset about that love tap, are you? If I meant you real trouble, I'd have given it to you by now. Get in, lad. Come on. Get in. Bobby gets in. JAKE
16) 5) text: After you huffed off, Grace lied so bad, I got so pissed off, I pulled down her pants to paddle her ass raw and finger-fucked it instead. Sorry I lost my cool like that. It's a funny thing, women. BOBBY
16) 7) text: Say, what happened to your hand? BOBBY
16) 9) text: You've got to be-- BOBBY
16) 11) text: I guess we've never been introduced proper. Jake McKenna. BOBBY
16) 13) text: I'm a solid man. BOBBY
16) 14) text: Bobby Cooper. JAKE
16) 15) text: "Bobby Cooper." What brings you to Superior, Coop? BOBBY
16) 17) text: Oh? Darrell taking good care of you? BOBBY
16) 19) text: Yeah, he sure is a character. You need any help with that car now?... Where you headed? BOBBY
16) 21) text: Live there? BOBBY
16) 23) text: You a sailor man?  That'd be the life. Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away.  A man could pretty well disappear like that.  Just sail away until all he was was a memory.  I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile. BOBBY
16) 25) text: It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it?  Not a wit.  Do you know why? Because you're a man without scruples. BOBBY
16) 27) text: Ah, I can smell it on you. Jake wipes his hand across the back of Bobby's neck and h to his nose. BOBBY
16) 29) text: That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body.  Don't be offended, lad.  A man who's got no ethics is a free man.  I envy that.  Beside, how can I blame you?  That Grace sure has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she?  Eh? Jake nudges Bobby who smiles a nervous smile. JAKE
16) 30) text: She does at that.  I knew when I married her she was a free spirit.  A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect?  But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her.  What are you to do, eh? Women. BOBBY
16) 31) text: Can't live with them, and you can't shoot 'em. Jake looks at Bobby, his lips curled into a sly smile. JAKE
16) 32) text: "You can't shoot 'em!" I like that. (laughs) I bet she led you on good, didn't she?  Taking you up to the house to hang drapes. Oh that's a good one. Bet she had you hard as a rock wiggling her ass in your face.  I bet you just wanted to pull down her pants and hog her out. Then me busting in like some wild bear. Ha! Bet you had a fire going under you. BOBBY
16) 34) text: Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were.  I can tell you got a temper on you. Bobby gives a little laugh. JAKE
16) 35) text: Bet you just wanted to snap her neck right then, didn't you?  Bet you just wanted to kill her. Bobby starts to laugh heartily.  Jake joins in, then stop abruptly. JAKE
16) 36) text: Would you? BOBBY
16) 38) text: Would you kill her? Bobby starts to laugh. Bobby stops laughing. JAKE
16) 39) text: Because I'm sick and tired of her little games.  Because you could do it and drift away on your boat and no one would ever see you again.  Because I've got a fifty-thousand dollar life insurance policy on her, and I would be more than happy to give the man who does her in a good chunk of it. For a moment Bobby sits in silence not sure of what to ma the offer. BOBBY
16) 41) text: How do you know if you've never tried? BOBBY
16) 43) text: That's right.  Nothing but a joke.  That's all. Bobby gets out of the car.  With a big smile Jake says: JAKE
16) 44) text: Enjoy your stay, lad. Jake speeds away.  Bobby looks after him. BOBBY
17) 0) text: The store is small and dark and empty save for a tiny, ol Mexican WOMAN who is behind the counter.  BOBBY enters. BOBBY
17) 2) text: Eh? BOBBY
17) 4) text: Hablar slowly, por favor.  My ingles no es bien. BOBBY
17) 5) text: Soda.  You know. Bobby cups his hand and brings it to his mouth pantomimin WOMAN
17) 6) text: Oh.  Something to eat.  Si. She holds up a pack of Twinkies. BOBBY
17) 7) text: Not eat.  Drink.  What the fuck is drink in Spanish ... uh, agua? The old woman's eyes widen.  She starts to scream, but qu clamps her hands over her mouth.  For a moment Bobby thin woman is screaming at what he has said.  Then, as if he f presence behind him, Bobby turns slowly to face the TWO tough-looking, unshaven, tattoo-covered BIKERS.  One hold gun. BIKER
17) 10) text: The dinero, Senora.  Hand it over. Bobby shifts his weight trying to hide his pack behind hi The woman goes to an old-fashioned cash register and ring open.  She hands the money to the biker. BIKER
17) 12) text: Es all I have. The biker turns to Bobby. BIKER
17) 13) text: Okay, pal.  Whatcha got? Give it, now. Bobby pulls a thick wad of cash ($1,000 plus) from his pa pocket, tosses it on the counter. BIKER (thumbing through it, impressed)
17) 14) text: Nice...Just who are you beautiful? What else you got for papa? Bobby makes a show of pulling out his wallet, flings it t BIKER
17) 15) text: Better...you're getting tasty. Now toss the bag, sweetie. BOBBY
17) 17) text: I'm a reader. Toss it. BOBBY (an entreaty)
17) 19) text: How touching...I like family values. Give it to me. Bobby takes an unsteady breath. BOBBY
17) 27) text: ...he doesn't have to give me the bag. The biker grabs Bobby's bag. Bobby flinches in anticipati shot but refuses to let go of the bag.  The biker swings hard, clipping Bobby across the forehead.  Bobby falls ag the counter and to the floor.  The woman starts to scream biker grabs up the pack, then, looking back at the woman, ring on her finger.  He grabs her hand and pulls at the r The woman screams wildly. SECOND BIKER
17) 30) text: No!  No! My wedding ring. He pulls the ring from the woman's finger and pushes her With Bobby's bag slung over his shoulder he turns to leav BIKER
17) 33) text: Bugger! You bitch! The Second Biker now sees the money floating all over the out of the torn bag. His eyes go big with greed as he FIR the old woman, who ducks behind the counter. The Biker grabs for the bag and what's left of the money, expecting the feisty old lady to pop up and unload her SE BLAST into him and the bag. Whatever was left of the money on the first round is now shreds along with the bag and the Biker who is very dead. Bobby is staggered, crawls towards the shreds. WOMAN (cursing in Spanish)
17) 35) text: I call the sheriff. BOBBY
17) 36) text: No! No police. Bobby gives her a hundred dollars. WOMAN
17) 37) text: A hundred dollars? No police? Bobby gives her some more cash. She looks at him. Finally gives her the entire wad. BOBBY
17) 38) text: No police until I leave. Bobby stumbles from the store as the screen burns a brigh
18) 0) text: BOBBY, dazed and holding his head, sits on the ground nex SPIGOT that is dripping water.  He cups his hands under t water and splashes it against his face, lightly wiping th above his eye. The SHERIFF'S CAR goes wailing by on the m drag. Recoiling from being spotted, Bobby tries to take a drink. A SCORPION crawls out of the faucet. He jumps back
19) 0) text: DARRELL is leaning under the hood of a car working on its as BOBBY walks up. BOBBY
19) 2) text: Hey, your ... what the hell happened to you? BOBBY
19) 4) text: Don't look like nothing. BOBBY
19) 6) text: Another accident?  You got to be more careful. Bobby rolls his eyes. Then notices the front fenders have removed. BOBBY
19) 8) text: Bottom hose was shot too.  Rotted clear through. Had to put a new one in. Runs like a dream now. BOBBY (suspicious)
19) 10) text: Well ... you got your parts, you got your labour ... let's call it a hundred-fifty bucks. BOBBY
19) 12) text: Hundred-fifty. BOBBY
19) 14) text: A goddamn radiator hose in a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang.  You know how long it took me to find that hose? BOBBY
19) 16) text: Actually, it's been about three hours. You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices? BOBBY
19) 18) text: "That's not just a Ford, that's a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang." BOBBY
19) 20) text: I don't know, but "it's the reason I'm living here and you're just passing through."  Now you owe me a hundred-fifty dollars. BOBBY
19) 22) text: Then you ain't gonna have the car. BOBBY
19) 23) text: Listen, man.  I got rolled half an hour ago for everything I had. Bobby digs through his bloodied wallet, trying to hide it Darrell. He fishes out a five dollar bill. Then digs out bloody one dollar bill from his pocket. BOBBY
19) 25) text: Then you're only a hundred-forty-five in the hole.  You can keep that dollar. Now why don't you just take your American Express Gold Card, and call that guy with the big schnooz on TV and have him send you the money lickity split. BOBBY
19) 27) text: Now that's too bad.  I sure hope you know how to wash dishes or shovel shit 'cause you're gonna have to work this one off. Bobby proffers his Movado watch. BOBBY
19) 29) text: Who the hell to? Shit, can't see no numbers. BOBBY
19) 31) text: ...got no day, got no date.  Probably ain't worth a duck's fart (proffers his own watch). This one here cost me $3.75 and it's got every doodad you can imagine. No sir I'll stick with this (walks away). BOBBY
19) 33) text: You ain't got no credit card but you got a lawyer. Sweet talk me all you want.  Didn't you read the sign? It says... BOBBY
19) 35) text: I want my hundred and forty-five dollars. Bobby stands his ground for a moment as if deciding wheth not to fight for the car, then wheels and walks away. Darrell looks at him, smirks.
20) 2) text: One time last year I remember it went from 98 to 23 same day. Wind, black clouds come out like... BOBBY comes out of the men's room and sits at the end of counter.  He has cleaned himself up a bit but still looks mess. He buries his face in the menu. BOBBY
20) 4) text: What kind? BOBBY
20) 6) text: No Beck's. A-1, Coors... BOBBY
20) 8) text: No, we ain't got no Heineken.  We got Miller. BOBBY
20) 10) text: No.  Just plain ol' Miller. Now you can fuckin' take it or you can fuckin' leave it. BOBBY
20) 13) text: I'll be right back with that beer. Flo moves off. BOBBY
20) 14) text: ...and a waitress named Flo.  Christ. As Bobby stares at the money on the counter in front of h hears, from somewhere outside the diner, the sound of a P RADIO crackling. He now feels something against his foot. looks down and sees a CAT rubbing against his leg.  He gi a good kick sending it sliding across the floor with a sc BOBBY
20) 15) text: Fucking cat. In the background, two teenagers sit at a booth.  TOBY lo part of a local, wearing jeans and a white T-shirt.  His cropped close and he looks to be a senior in high school. girl, JENNY, is nondescript, neither ugly nor beautiful. the kind of girl most guys would pass without a second lo Toby gets up from his booth and goes to the bathroom.  Af is gone Jenny walks to Bobby. JENNY
20) 16) text: Hey, Mister.  You gotta quarter for the juke? BOBBY
20) 18) text: I wanna play a song on the juke.  You got a quarter? Bobby looks at Jenny, then picks a quarter from his winni flips it to her. He can't resist putting a little charm i JENNY
20) 19) text: What happened to your hand? BOBBY
20) 21) text: Got any requests? BOBBY
20) 23) text: How about I pick one out for you? Bobby half smiles.  Jenny plays a song.  Patsy Cline's "Y Cheatin' Heart."  Jenny takes up a stool next to Bobby's. JENNY
20) 24) text: You like Patsy Cline?  I just love her. How come, I wonder, she don't put out no more new records. BOBBY
20) 26) text: Gee, that's sad.  Don't that make you sad? BOBBY
20) 28) text: You're not from around here, are you? Where you from? BOBBY
20) 30) text: You ain't from Oz.  Oz is in that movie. BOBBY
20) 31) text: You're too quick for me. Toby walks back into the room.  He looks at Jenny.  He lo Bobby.  He looks at Jenny talking to Bobby.  He loses it. TOBY
20) 32) text: No....No....No I'm seeing but I'm not believin'...Stop the wedding.  This can't be. Hey!  What are you doing with my girl? Bobby says nothing, ignoring Toby. TOBY
20) 35) text: You shut your mouth, girl, and get back over to our table. (to Bobby) Now, I'm not going to axe you again, Mister.  What were you doing with my girl? BOBBY
20) 37) text: That's not the way it looked to me.  Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her. BOBBY
20) 40) text: Stay out of this, Jenny.  We got man's business to take care of. I ain't never taken no drugs, mister, and ... BOBBY
20) 42) text: You expect me to believe that? BOBBY
20) 44) text: Mister, I'm calling you out. BOBBY
20) 45) text: What?  You want to fight?  Over her? Bobby looks Jenny over. FLO
20) 46) text: Toby, you go finish your soda and leave the man alone. TOBY (to Bobby)
20) 47) text: You know who I am?  Toby N. Tucker. Everyone round here call me TNT. You know why? BOBBY
20) 49) text: 'Cause I'm just like dynamite.  And when I go off, somebody gets hurt. BOBBY
20) 51) text: Not before I settle with you, chickenshit! BOBBY
20) 53) text: Stand up. BOBBY
20) 55) text: Stand up, Mister, or I'll beat you where you sit. Bobby sits for a beat. he doesn't need a fight with Toby with his damaged hand nor does he need to be noticed eith sits there. FLO
20) 57) text: Don't you never mind, Flo.  This is gonna be over real quick. Reluctantly Bobby rises, facing off against Toby, each cl their fist and waiting for the other to make the first mo The tension builds.  We see it on the faces of Jenny, Flo the regulars.  Just then the record on the juke ends and needle scratches off.  There is the crackle of a police r the door to the diner opens and SHERIFF VIRGIL POTTER wal The tension eases. Toby, mindful of the sheriff, steps cl Bobby and whispers menacingly into his ear. TOBY
20) 62) text: More like Jenny is after every man she sees. FLO (to Bobby)
20) 63) text: You pay Toby no mind.  He just likes to show off for his girl.  Give him a couple of hours, he'll cool off.  Still want that beer? BOBBY (tense, seeing the Sheriff)
20) 64) text: I'll take it to go. Bobby holds his hand to his face to cover the cut on his forehead. ED
20) 74) text: Dr. Pepper don't have that problem. Ed and Boyd toss a few bills on the counter and exit.  Fl stands near the cash register with Bobby's beer. FLO
20) 75) text: I can't open off-sale for you, sugar. Bobby pays for the beer ($1.75).  Flo opens the register. FLO
20) 83) text: (quietly) I could put some butter on it, hon'. (Her normal abrasive voice) It'd serve you right, you asshole.  Put it under some cold water. Joe, run get a mop and clean this fuckin' mess up. While everyone is distracted Bobby notices that the regis drawer has been left open.  He looks around to make sure not being watched.  Slowly he eases his hand towards the It gets closer and closer.  As he is about to grab the mo there, the cat - the same one he kicked away earlier - hi and claws at his hand.  Bobby jumps back startled. FLO
20) 84) text: Shasta!  Now why'd you go and scare the nice man like that?  Sorry about that, mister.  Let's see, you want $3.25. (gives it to him) You try to have a nice day now, would you? BOBBY
20) 85) text: Sure, I'll try. With the Sheriff occupied, and the Mexican Jose mopping t floor, Bobby exits.
21) 0) text: BOBBY begs on the phone. BOBBY
21) 1) text: Cici?  Cici, it's Bobby...Bobby Cooper...Yeah, look, I know it's been a while, but I'm kind of in a jam...yeah...One-hundred-fifty dollars...That's a lie. I called you on your birthday..Two years ago...I can't help it if you didn't get the message. Cici, honey, I don't want to argue. I need you to wire me the money...Because they're fucking going to KILL ME!  I didn't steal your CD's...Yeah, well where's my Mr. Coffee. Cici...Cici... Bobby slams the phone. BOBBY
22) 0) text: BOBBY is on another call, circling a local sports page be line. BOBBY
22) 2) text: Pluto. Fucking deadbeat. We head about you. You owe "the commie" 13 dimes, why you tryin' to get in my office? Lose this fuckin' number. BOBBY
22) 5) text: Bobby, frustrated, clicks off.
23) 0) text: It is the kind of cheesy, temporary office one would expe find in a Las Vegas apartment building overlooking the DO STRIP.  MR. ARKADY, dressed in a silk suit with conspicuo jewelry, sits behind his desk eating lunch and cleaning h nails.  SERGEI, his goon in a shiny polyester shirt, hove his boss helping feed and manicure him.  These are the TW from Bobby's earlier FLASHBACK.  They are dangerous in an endearing way.  Sergei answers the phone. In the backgrou very voluptuous female, obviously from the Middle East. S SERGEI
23) 4) text: I have a collect call from Bobby Cooper. Will you accept the charges? SERGEI
23) 7) text: Bobby, what a surprise.  I expected to be seeing you, not talking to you over the phone.
24) 0) text: BOBBY on the phone. BOBBY
24) 1) text: I know, Mr. Arkadin. I know. I was on my way to you, it's just ... what a day I've had. I know I'm coming up with a highly improbable story, and I know you're not going to believe this, but this ...is... what happened. I had the money, I swear I had it. I was on my way to Vegas when my car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. Mr. Arkady cleans his nails completely disinterested in w Bobby is saying. MR. ARKADY
24) 2) text: That's a shame, Bobby.  A real shame. BOBBY
24) 4) text: "Arkady" BOBBY
24) 6) text: ...And let me guess.  This robber -- he gets your money. BOBBY
24) 8) text: The old lady? BOBBY
24) 10) text: Pretty long, Bobby. BOBBY
24) 12) text: Which you don't have. BOBBY
24) 14) text: Where are you? BOBBY (hopeful)
24) 16) text: Superior, hunh? Bobby suddenly feeling suspicious. BOBBY(V.O.)
24) 18) text: ...Now, let me get this straight. Two years you give me problems with your fuckin' payoffs. Now you owe me thirteen-thousand dollars, you call me - collect - then ask me to wire you one-hundred-fifty dollars just so you can get your car fixed. BOBBY(V.O.)
24) 21) text: Do you understand me you little fuck? BOBBY (snaps)
24) 23) text: What'd you say to me! BOBBY
24) 24) text: Shit I'm sorry!...you can't believe the strain I'm under. I'm just under a lot of strain here. There is a sharp silence at the other end. Bobby waits. MR. ARKADY
24) 25) text: Bobby, you owed me that 'bread' 4 weeks ago. Now you tell me you want another week. That's 5 weeks, Bobby. That's also 5 fingers, cause you and I know it's a finger a week Bobby. So you got balls. Good--now you come here tomorrow and you talk to me real nice and maybe I don't take the other 3 fingers you owe me, you see? Tomorrow -- and Bobby, don't make me come look for you, okay...have nice day. He hands the phone back to Sergei. SERGEI (into phone)
24) 29) text: Get your ass down to this Superior, Arizona. Bring me this Bobby Cooper. I don't think he got the lesson. This is your last chance, Sergei. SERGEI
25) 0) text: BOBBY, desperate, stares at the bandage of his wounded ha throbs, holding the hand to his ear. We hear an OPERATOR'S VOICE: OPERATOR(V.O.)
25) 1) text: Hello? BOBBY
25) 3) text: Are you finished with your call? BOBBY
25) 5) text: Please deposit an additional seventy-five cents. Bobby slams the phone against the hook. BOBBY
25) 7) text: Thank you for using AT&amp;T. In the store window, Bobby notices a set of garden shears sale.
26) 0) text: BOBBY walks a bit going nowhere in particular.  Looking a watch thinking of Mr. Arkady, he shields himself with one from the sun.  At the side of an old building, in the bit shade it throws, he twists at the beer cap which sticks a won't turn.  Bobby tries again twisting harder -- too har the cap jerkily twists off, cutting into his hand as it r Bobby yells in pain.  At the same time the beer comes foa from the bottle and spills onto his sleeve. The bottle sl from his wet fingers and crashes on the ground, emptying. clutches his bleeding hand, pissed. BOBBY
26) 2) text: Get me outta here, please.  I gotta get out of this place. As if in answer, a JEEP drives by on the main street. GRA looks pretty hot up there in the driver's seat, her eyes, sunglasses, flicking over him but not acknowledging him a keeps going. Bobby's eyes throw back his own hostility at her, but unfortunately she misses it, as he now notices -- across street -- a well-kept building with the most modern decor signage, reading "McKenna's Realty Co." He thinks about it, in a quandary.
28) 0) text: BOBBY squats, looking at a real estate model of a desert development. JAKE smiles. JAKE
28) 1) text: What can I do for you, lad? BOBBY
28) 3) text: Talk?  About what? BOBBY
28) 5) text: Sweet Grace?  What about her? BOBBY
28) 6) text: About what you said this morning. Jake shakes his head as if he doesn't understand. BOBBY
28) 8) text: I do. BOBBY
28) 10) text: I did? BOBBY
28) 12) text: Boy I think this heat's getting to you the way you're rambling on. BOBBY
28) 14) text: You're talking like a madman. BOBBY
28) 16) text: Oh, that was just loose talk. Husband gettin' pissed off.  I don't want anybody dead. BOBBY
28) 18) text: A man doesn't always mean the things he says. BOBBY
28) 20) text: What makes you say that? BOBBY
28) 22) text: And what does that make you? BOBBY
28) 23) text: The slimy bastard who's going to do it for you... (pause) You're a jealous man Jake. If you can't have Grace to yourself...well, you're not the sharing kind. For a moment Jake stares quietly at Bobby. JAKE
28) 24) text: Well, I guess I have what you call a love-hate relationship with Grace. BOBBY
28) 26) text: No, I hate loving her. I hate the kind of person she is. I hate having to tolerate the little "games" she plays. Like fucking half of the town behind my back and laughing at me. The bitch. She loved to play. She wants me to hit her and when I hit her she likes it. She tortures me. But she's family. She's my little girl. My baby. I couldn't stand to watch her eyes roll back in her head as she sucks her last breath, or to see her pretty pink brains spill from her skull. No. Not me. But you? You got the killing in you, boy...How much you want? A pause. BOBBY
28) 28) text: Twenty-thousand?  I don't have that kind of money.  I won't get the insurance until months after she's dead.  I don't imagine you'll want to be stickin' around after poor Grace's demise.  Twenty-thousand; that's more money than I could ever get my hands on. BOBBY
28) 30) text: Maybe ... ten-thousand.  And that's a maybe. BOBBY
28) 32) text: That's a bit much. BOBBY
28) 34) text: You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you. BOBBY
28) 36) text: Don't say that.  I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead...  Well, looks like we got ourselves a contract. BOBBY (sarcastic)
28) 38) text: If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife ...? The thing is it's got to look like an accident; that's the thing. If it doesn't, then it's no good.  I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere. BOBBY
28) 40) text: How the hell should I know?  I've never had a wife killed before. Jesus Christ! You want this job, you don't know how to do this? I guess I should have hired a professional. BOBBY
28) 42) text: Be quiet, boy.  I got to figure this thing. I'm thinking. It can't be done at the house. It should be... Jake walks the office thinking. BOBBY
28) 45) text: This is what you do:  Go to the house to see her. BOBBY (beat)
29) 0) text: BOBBY stands on the porch talking to GRACE through the sc the front door.  The look on his face is sincere.  Hers i skeptical.  We see the action take place as we hear Jake' JAKE(V.O.)
29) 1) text: ...I don't know.  Tell her you had to see her.  Tell her you don't care if she's married or not, you had to be with her. Sweet talk the woman.  A young buck like you must be good at that.  Then ... maybe shift the conversation.  Get her thinking about that jeep of hers.  She loves that thing.  Maybe the only thing she does love. She'll want to take you for a ride. BOBBY
29) 3) text: That's some cut. I told you to be more careful. BOBBY
29) 5) text: How do you know he's still not here? BOBBY
30) 0) text: GRACE'S JEEP cuts hard across the desert.  Grace has a wi excited look on her face.  BOBBY sits next to her looking somewhat nervous. JAKE(V.O.)
31) 0) text: GRACE has stopped the JEEP on a plateau.  BOBBY sits bene shade while Grace walks in the sun seemingly unaffected b heat. VULTURES swoop above. JAKE(V.O.)
31) 1) text: There won't be anyone for miles around. Just the two of you and some prairie dogs. That's all.  You can sweet talk her a little if you like.  Makes no difference to me.  Just put her at ease, make her feel relaxed -- then do it. JAKE'S V.O. ends.  The scene is now synch with real time. BOBBY
31) 3) text: They hear you comin'.  They won't bother you. Just don't sneak up on 'em. BOBBY
31) 5) text: Yeah, but I like the sun.  I grew up on a reservation.  The sun, the desert; they like a religion to us.  Jake's the same way.  He loves the desert.  I guess we're alike that way.  That's about the only way. BOBBY
31) 7) text: No. BOBBY
31) 9) text: Depends on what you call love. I grew up on a reservation. A patch of desert in the middle of nowhere. That's where they stick Indians, Bobby. That's where they leave us to die. My brother killed himself when he was 19 cause he couldn't take it anymore. There's no hope there... Jake was my ticket out. Mom and me. BOBBY
31) 11) text: I let him think he was courtin' me, but I reeled him in like a fish on a line. I wanted him. I wanted what he could give me, and I would've done anything to get him. Is that love? BOBBY
31) 13) text: Yeah, I guess you're right. BOBBY
31) 16) text: All this nothing? It doesn't get to Jake like it gets to me.  He says he don't mind being nothing but a big fish in a small pond.  More like a little fish in a dried up watering hole. BOBBY
31) 18) text: I don't know how. BOBBY
31) 20) text: It's not that easy.  Maybe you can take chances; maybe you can wander around like some stray wherever you please.  I can't. I don't want to be alone.  I need to know I'm going to be taken care of. BOBBY
31) 22) text: Is that so bad?  It's not like I wouldn't try to make him happy.  For awhile, anyway. I mean, I would ... do things for him.  I guess I'm no good that way.  I guess I tried to sucker you along like that.  Do you hate me for it?  I wouldn't blame you if you did.  But maybe it's like you said: You just got to do whatever it takes to get out. BOBBY (soft echo)
31) 24) text: I wish I was a bird.  I know it's stupid. Every child says that.  When I was growing up some of the old ones on the reservation believed people could actually change into animals.  I wish I could. We see Bobby behind Grace.  He stares at her standing on edge of the plateau.  He rises and walks towards her slow with deliberation. GRACE(CONT)
31) 25) text: If I was a bird I would fly to Florida; to Disney World.  I always wanted to go there. I'd fly to New York.  Maybe.  I guess New York isn't the best place to be a bird. I'd fly to St. Louis, then New Orleans, all over Texas.  Then I'd fly to California.  I guess by then I'd have seen it all and I could die. Bobby now stands a few feet behind Grace.  She kicks a ro watches it sail over the lip of the cliff into the nothin below. GRACE(CONT)
31) 26) text: They say you don't feel anything.  The shock kills you before you hit the ground. I don't know how they would know that.  But I heard it's just like flying; straight down into the ground.  I guess if it doesn't hurt it's a beautiful thing. Bobby tenses himself.  Sweat forms on his brow as he stan directly behind Grace with his hands extended before him. hover just below her shoulder blades ready to push forwar Suddenly Grace wheels.  Startled by Bobby she almost fall the edge.  Bobby grabs her, her weight still going back. Grace's life is literally in his hands.  She looks down a ground far below, then up into Bobby's eyes.  She shows n but instead wears a curious smirk. GRACE
31) 27) text: Hate's a funny thing.  Right now I bet you don't know if you want to kill me, or fuck me. Bobby hesitates, then pulls Grace close and kisses her wi great ardor on the lips.
32) 0) text: On a blanket on the ground, BOBBY and GRACE make love qui hotly, her dress pulled up, his pants down. But Grace is troubled and pulls out, further frustrating Bobby. GRACE
32) 1) text: No...Stop!  I can't! Her eyes withdraw into another dimension, as she hikes he back up. Bobby comes out of his own head, feels the dista between them. BOBBY
32) 3) text: Nothing. BOBBY
32) 5) text: Get out of town, Bobby, as quick as you can. BOBBY
32) 7) text: You'd never understand. BOBBY
32) 9) text: It's just such a mess. With Jake I mean... BOBBY
32) 11) text: Jake was with my Mom after my real Dad died. BOBBY
32) 14) text: ...he was raping me the whole time...for years. He loved to do things to me. Believe it or not, he used to say he was in love with my ass. Y'ever been in love with a woman's ass? The dominoes are tumbling for Bobby. BOBBY
32) 16) text: You're sick too...he loved to do things to me. Control me. My Mom...it tore her up cause she couldn't do nothing about it. She become alcoholic...and the funny thing is-- I liked it. I liked being controlled by Jake. The truth was as far out and crazy as he got, I wanted more. I wanted to go all the way. Women say they don't want to be taken like, really taken -- that's bullshit -- they do. The first time he finished with me, he said I was a woman now. I was 14. Then he started crying like a baby...wanted me to hold him. It's a strange feeling to hate someone so much for so many years, but still want to hold him, comfort him... They found my Mom right down there (points) at the bottom of Apache Leap. She had cactus needles stuck all over her body and Virgil...Sheriff Potter said she was drunk and went insane. But I'll never believe she ran off that cliff by accident. She was born on this earth and she loved it. She was like me. She just wanted to fly away. Bobby is quietly stunned. A whole world has opened up to and he isn't sure yet where the story ends. There is some at work here, beyond his control. GRACE
32) 17) text: After he got his divorce, he forced me to marry him...but when I saw her body, I swore to her on my soul that some day I'd get Jake for what he did to her... BOBBY
32) 19) text: Yeah. What do you want. Life, right? (shrugs, stoic) Have you ever been to California? BOBBY
32) 21) text: Is it far from here? BOBBY
32) 23) text: Is it pretty? BOBBY
32) 25) text: Would you take me with you? BOBBY (pause)
32) 27) text: Please. I won't hang on you. As soon as we get there you can dump me. I don't care. I just want to get out of here. BOBBY
32) 29) text: Darrell?  You know he and Jake are... BOBBY
32) 31) text: Jake never gives me more'n twenty bucks at a time, like a bird in a cage, he don't want me goin' anywhere... BOBBY
32) 33) text: There's money. A lot. The words hang there, thick between them. BOBBY
32) 35) text: Jake hides it. In a safe. In the floor. In the bedroom. He counts it. He loves to sit there and count it. BOBBY
32) 37) text: At night. He just sits there and laughs and talks to himself and counts it. I heard him. My Mom told me he had a hunnert thousand dollars down there. Maybe more. Bobby's eyes widen in hope. BOBBY
32) 39) text: Oh yeah. There's nothing else with Jake. He don't trust banks. He keeps the money in the floor right under the bed. He loves it so much, he wouldn't think of spending any of it on me. I never seen it but I know he's got more than a hunnert thousand at least... BOBBY
32) 41) text: What do you mean? BOBBY (ignoring her)
32) 43) text: It takes a key.  He keeps it on himself all the time.  I mean all the time.  It scratches up against me when we do it. BOBBY
32) 45) text: Kill him. Spoken almost innocently, it hangs there between them. A silence. BOBBY
32) 47) text: It's not like he's a young man, Bobby. He's had time to live. It'd be quick. I mean, he wouldn't even have to feel it... (seductively) I mean, sometime in the middle of the night, when it's quiet...when he's asleep, you could just come up behind him when he's pounding on me and... Grace lays her hands on Bobby, starting to caress him. He bristles and freezes with fear and disgust. BOBBY
32) 48) text: Shit! Listen to you... Are you crazy, Grace? He abruptly pulls away. BOBBY
32) 50) text: But it's in you, Bobby. I see it. I see Death. It's in your heart. Let it out for me. Let it out... He's mesmerized. Then: GRACE
32) 51) text: Do it for me, Bobby, you'll never regret it. I promise you. I'll do anything for you. Anything. Bobby pauses, terribly torn. BOBBY
32) 53) text: You need the money, Bobby. It's a lot more than $100,000. A lot more. How are you going to get out of here? You need the money. Whatever it takes, Bobby, remember? Bobby walks past the jeep, on his way back to town alone. GRACE
32) 54) text: Where you going? I'll give you the ride...Come back! Bobby? It's three miles. Bobby doesn't look back. Her eyes drift backwards into he solitude. GRACE (to herself)
32) 55) text: Bobby?...Whatever it takes.
33) 0) text: BOBBY walks through the desert parallel to the road, stil rage. Desert insects produce a cacophony of drones, buzze clicks. A rattlesnake darts off a rock into the brush. A whispers to him. JAKE (V.O.)
33) 1) text: You've got the killing in you, boy. Bobby turns and looks around. Just desert. He continues. JAKE (V.O.)
33) 2) text: Next time you'll do just fine. BOBBY
34) 1) text: It's the desert that makes you crazy. The loneliness out here. Nobody to talk to. People on the run. Trailer parks. White trash. I seen some peculiar things on a hot day.  I seen a scorpion sting itself to death.  It just keeps driving its tail into its body again and again.  A little killer killing itself.  Seen a coyote kill itself too.  Just kept on biting and tearing at its own legs.  Near tore one clean off before it bled to death.  And what a white man'll do when it's freezing one moment, hot as hell the next. A man could get hisself killed just for rubbing shoulders with another (smacking his lips) kiss kissy kiss. Nice pussy y'see, see it coming. I don't know what it is about the desert. I figger it's sort of like putting a kettle of water over a fire.  People is mostly water.  We boil when it's hot.  'Cept when we boil the water's got no place to go.  It just churns inside of us until we can cool off.  If it's not too late. BOBBY is now revealed standing next to the blind man, and realize the blind man has been talking to him all along. sips a Dr. Pepper as well. BOBBY
34) 3) text: Just 'cause I ain't got eyes doesn't mean I can't see. BOBBY
34) 4) text: That a fact? Bobby noticing now all the little NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS tha Blind Man keeps around him in a sort of inchoate stall. BLIND MAN
34) 5) text: I can see just fine.  For example:  You're a young man who thinks he's got someplace to be. A POLICE RADIO crackles, Bobby tensing. BOBBY
34) 7) text: Or maybe you just think you do. Just another small town. One guy chasing you. You go big town. Just gonna have four guys after you instead. Kiss kissy kiss. It gets down to one thing -- are you a human being or are you one of those hungry ghosts out there never satisfied with nothing? Cause you gotta remember you can run just as far as you can, but wherever you go, that's where you gonna be. BOBBY
34) 9) text: What do you want for free? BOBBY
34) 11) text: Seems like I do but only cause end of the day we're all eyes in the same head. And everything is everything. BOBBY
34) 13) text: ...And everything is nothing too. BOBBY (shakes his head)
34) 15) text: Think you'll live that long? Bobby is clearly unnerved by this. Suddenly the blind man stands, pissed and powerful, sniffing the air with the po radio in it. As SHERIFF POTTER cruises by, glancing at Bobby shrinking car goes on up the street. BLIND MAN
34) 16) text: Cocksucker motherfucker! Cops. I hear you. Always sneaking around. Thinks I can't see him. Well he's right. Motherfucker. But that ain't mean I don't know what's going on around here. They're all cursed. Yes sir. BOBBY
34) 18) text: All them miners last century. Hungry ghosts, killed off all the Indians. Up at the mine. Earth ran red with blood, think I'm fooling around here. White sky was on fire. Grown men cried like babies. I saw a flash, then darkness descended upon me. They put me in the joint. Took my eyes. I cursed them. White people can't seem to stay away from Indians (grabs his bandaged hand, smelling the blood). You gotta watch where ya put your fingers. Pussy pussy pussy, Indian pussy. It sounds demented. Bobby, checking him out to see if he' really blind, walks quietly around him during this monolo peeks over his glasses trying to see the blind man's real Although he thinks the Blind Man thinks he's on the other of him, the Blind Man fools him by suddenly swivelling ar and cranking a gob of spit into Bobby's face as if Bobby the other side. Bobby, pissed, wipes the spittle from his face. BLIND MAN (finishing)
34) 19) text: ...but they gotta know you don't fuck around with Indians. BOBBY
34) 21) text: So now you're going to tell me where I lost my eyes. You don't think I know where I lost my eyes? I was there when I lost them. I lost them in the war. The war in the joint. There's always wars in the joint. Cause I was a code talker in the joint and in the war too.(sniffs) Mmmm, nothing like the smell of a naked lady. Be careful, boy. BOBBY
34) 23) text: Well, people gotta get by somehow. That's the curse. The mines done it. All that uranium, plutonium, fuffonium, fuckononium, assononium, all that "om"! Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says, "the more you eat, the more you want...."... BOBBY
34) 25) text: Oh well, go do 'em. You don't see me stopping you... Bobby starts to walk away. The Blind Man rattles his tin BLIND MAN
34) 26) text: ...But ain't you got a little something for the infirm? BOBBY
35) 0) text: BOBBY, depressed, is heading towards Harlin's gas station passing JENNY sitting on a corner drinking a soda, almost waiting for him. She runs to him, and follows him, as som a POLICE RADIO crackles and buzzes. JENNY
35) 1) text: Hey mister. Mister, I just... I just wanted to thank you. BOBBY
35) 3) text: For defending my honor this afternoon. BOBBY
35) 5) text: But you was going to fight for me. BOBBY
35) 7) text: He's not my boyfriend.  I mean, I let him take me out and stuff, but I ain't spoken for.  Not yet that is. BOBBY
35) 9) text: That's what I thought until you came riding in.  I saw your car over at the gas station.  It's a cool car.  Want to take me for a ride?  Desert's kind of lonely this time of day. BOBBY
35) 11) text: Eighteen... Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want. BOBBY
35) 13) text: Mister! BOBBY
35) 14) text: Oh, shit! Toby moves menacingly up the street towards Bobby. TOBY
35) 15) text: That's right, Mister.  You better be afraid.  I told you it wasn't over, but you didn't listen.  Now I find you sneakin' around with my girl behind my back. BOBBY
35) 17) text: You're too late, Toby.  We're going to get in his fancy car and ride off and leave you behind. BOBBY
35) 20) text: Oh, that tears it, Mister.  I'm gonna bust you up but good.  I'm gonna bust you into a million pieces and then ... and then bust those pieces up, and then ... and then spread them all around.  That's what I'm gonna do.  You don't know what you're dealing with, Mister.  I'm crazy.  I'm psycho crazy. BOBBY
35) 22) text: Toby Tucker, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child. BOBBY
35) 24) text: You gonna pay for that, Mister. Toby and Bobby square off, sizing each other up and prepa for a violent confrontation.  Just as the two are about t we hear the voice of SHERIFF POTTER from OFF CAMERA. SHERIFF(O.C.)
35) 32) text: I said come on! Toby grabs Jenny by the wrist and literally pulls he alon she goes she yells back to Bobby. JENNY
35) 33) text: Bye, Mister.  Don't go nowhere without me. I wanna have your love child. Toby points a vicious finger at Bobby. TOBY
35) 34) text: Next time, Mister.  Next time. Toby and Jenny exit leaving Bobby and the Sheriff alone. would also like to exit fast. SHERIFF
35) 35) text: Where ya goin'? BOBBY
35) 37) text: Get in. Bobby has no choice. He gets in. SHERIFF
35) 38) text: Seen you popping up a little bit of everywhere today.  You're not planning on staying are you? BOBBY
35) 40) text: That's a nasty cut you got there. BOBBY
35) 42) text: There was a young fellow over at Jamilla's today when it got hit.  Way she tells it he got whacked around good by one of the robbers. BOBBY
35) 44) text: Everything all right, Virgil? He eyes Bobby. SHERIFF (a little nervous)
35) 49) text: No. But if I do, I'll tell her you're looking for her, Jake. JAKE (looking at Bobby)
35) 51) text: Peculiar, how things happen. A man's car breaks down. There's a hold up. People die and all that money -- and now old Jake out looking for his young wife. And then you show up... The Sheriff looks right through Bobby, who knows this is than a conversation. He pulls up to Harlin's garage. Bobb out. SHERIFF
36) 0) text: DARRELL is cleaning his tools.  Bobby's MUSTANG sits prom in the car bay, washed and gleaming, as BOBBY walks up. DARRELL
36) 1) text: Hey there.  I was beginnin' to think you wasn't comin' back...  You don't look so good. BOBBY
36) 3) text: One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started? BOBBY
36) 5) text: Hell, I've had days I would gladly trade with a whippin' dog.  Ain't much you can do when you feel like that 'cept tough it out. BOBBY
36) 7) text: You think bad, and bad is what you get. BOBBY
36) 9) text: No charge. BOBBY
36) 11) text: Two-hundred. BOBBY
36) 13) text: It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars. BOBBY
36) 15) text: Yep.  For the hose.  But while you was gone I replaced a gasket.  That's going to run you another fifty. BOBBY
36) 17) text: Yeah, but it was shot. BOBBY
36) 19) text: Well, now, you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic, don't you?  Didn't you read the sign. BOBBY
36) 21) text: The goddamn sign on the wall. I can't do unauthorized work?  What am I suppose to do? Just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket.  Then you get in an accident and get killed.  Or worse.  Who they gonna blame then?  They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation. BOBBY
36) 23) text: Is that an insult?  Are you insulting me. BOBBY
36) 25) text: Listen to me you sorry sonufabitch. You owe me money, and this car ain't going nowheres until I get it.  And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on it. Is that clear? Now get out of here 'fore I call the Sheriff, who knows me. Bobby is in a rage.  He turns to leave and walks a few pa He sees a WRENCH lying on a table.  For a second his mind then he snatches up the wrench and turns ready to smash i on Darrell's head.  He stops cold.  Because ol' Darrell h CROWBAR in a batter's stance ready to smash it onto the M DARRELL
36) 26) text: You want to play, Mister?  I'll play with you.  You want to smash something?  So do I. Darrell pulls back the crowbar, ready to swing. BOBBY
36) 28) text: What's the matter?  The fight gone out of you?  I'm just gonna smash a headlight. Maybe two. BOBBY (pleading, almost crying)
36) 30) text: Mister, you already pissed me off but good. Darrell lays the tip of the crowbar on the hood of the ca drags the tip of the bar across the hood leaving a long s BOBBY (about to lose it)
36) 32) text: There you go, sweet talking me again. Darrell begins to laugh. Bobby, desperate, looks to the t thinking of his gun in there. His POV -- the trunk. A FLASHBACK of the GUN goes through mind. BOBBY
36) 34) text: Darrell. BOBBY
36) 35) text: Darrell. I'll get you your money. I just have to get something out of the trunk. Using his TRUNK KEY, he tries to open it but realizes the has been changed. BOBBY
36) 37) text: Well, that key's not gonna work. I had to pop the lock. You didn't leave me the trunk key. BOBBY
36) 39) text: When I work on a car, I work on a car. BOBBY (snaps)
36) 41) text: You can't help yourself, can you mister? You're out of control. Darrell starts to laugh. It is a repetitive, almost demon laugh that grows louder as the camera slowly dollies in o Bobby's anguished face.
37) 0) text: As BOBBY steps out into the glaring sun, he notices down other end of the town, GRACE'S JEEP parked right outside SHERIFF'S OFFICE, empty. Presently, GRACE and the SHERIFF walk out TALKING, and sh in, says a few last words and drives away. Bobby backs around a corner into a sidestreet. Is she sel him out? He's very confused, turbulent.
38) 0) text: BOBBY enters the BUS DEPOT.  The interior is poorly lit. are a few benches for people to wait on, but they sit emp Old, faded travel posters hang on the wall.  A bored FEMA CLERK is behind the counter. BOBBY
38) 2) text: Where to? BOBBY
38) 4) text: But, in particular? BOBBY
38) 6) text: Mexico is a large country. Where in Mexico would you like-- BOBBY
38) 7) text: I don't care, just get me there. The clerk is a little put off by Bobby. He seems deliriou goes through her schedule looking for a bus. CLERK
38) 8) text: How about Ciudad Juarez? You could take a local, arrives in two hours, and transfer in Albuquerque. It'll get you across the border. BOBBY
38) 10) text: One way, or round trip? BOBBY
38) 12) text: 30.55. Twenty more will get you back. Bobby counts his money. BOBBY
38) 14) text: The ticket is 30.55. BOBBY (rifling his pockets)
38) 16) text: I'm sorry, sir.  It's $30.55 for the ticket. BOBBY (to himself)
38) 17) text: Yeah.  Just a little short.  Figures.  I just wanted to get out, that's all. Bobby starts to walk away. Suddenly he turns, runs back a clerk, proffers his money, half-crazed, near tears. BOBBY
38) 18) text: Please, ma'am, you don't understand! I have to get out of here.  They're going to come looking for me.  They're going to kill me. If I can't get this ticket then I'm going to have to do things to get out of here. You know what I mean! I don't want to hurt anybody, I just want to leave. Please. I can't...I can't. He's so desperate and in her frightened but neutral expre Bobby experiences the only compassion he ever finds in th whole town. CLERK
38) 19) text: Okay, I'll give you the ticket, sir, but...just...just, please calm down, please! her sane tone reminds Bobby of how far down he's come. He shrinks, suddenly ashamed of himself. She takes the cash counter, hands him a ticket. CLERK
38) 20) text: Keep your change.  Bus three-twenty-three. Leaves at seven fifty two, tonight. BOBBY
39) 0) text: We hear the crackle of the same POLICE RADIO again, OFF C as BOBBY walks out of the depot. ticket preciously held i hand, and suddenly reels as he sees SERGEI, about a 100 y down the main stretch, slowly rolling into town in his convertible, looking for guess who. BOBBY
40) 0) text: BOBBY turns away, but not fast enough. SERGEI spots him, the pedal. SERGEI
40) 1) text: Got you, shitface! Bobby Cooper. Bobby Cooper...
41) 0) text: BOBBY, ducking around a corner, hears the brief "Whoop" o sheriff's POLICE SIREN. He glances back. His POV - sure enough, the SHERIFF'S having a field day. just pulled SERGEI over. At this distance, we catch snipp conversation as the Sheriff ambles from his car, checking Sergei's out-of-state plates. SHERIFF
41) 2) text: Vat? I am going 5 miles an hour! I am looking town. I not even moving. We pop in closer to their conversation -- Bobby relishing in his mind's eye. Sergei is constantly looking off to wh last saw Bobby. But the Sheriff, strangely, pays no atten these looks. SHERIFF
41) 7) text: What fuckin grocery store, you fucking shithead idiot! You call yourself a police... Sergei looking Bobby's direction. SHERIFF
41) 9) text: I want my lawyer! Sheriff cuffs Sergei and sticks him in the police car. Bobby can't help smiling as he turns away to the SODA MAC seen in an earlier scene. He comes up with the change the bus clerk left him and, d for a drink in this heat, inserts the coin. Though still considerable pressure from all sides, this lucky break wi Sergei seems like it might be the beginning of something today -- some luck. The icy cold soda bottle shoots out. Bobby raises it to h lips, about to taste it, about to relax for once. Violent explodes out of his hands as he doubles over in blinding from a KIDNEY PUNCH. He stumbles forward into the soda ma gasping. The legs of his assailant are close to him, but face is unseen. Bobby doubles his agony as his bandaged left stump takes brunt of the blow into the machine, re-opening the wound. starts to seep through the bandage. BOBBY
41) 10) text: Ow! Bobby crumples to the ground as TOBY now towers over him his fists curled and a snarl on his lips. TOBY
41) 11) text: Get up, Mister!  Don't ever let it be said Toby Tucker beat the living shit out of someone without giving them a fair chance. BOBBY (gasping)
41) 13) text: I'm doing what any man would do if he'd been offended.  I'm stompin' your ass. BOBBY
41) 17) text: You stay away, Jenny.  I aim to mess him up, and that ain't a thing for a woman to see. Jenny runs to Bobby and cuddles him where he lays. JENNY
41) 18) text: Don't be afraid of him none.  I don't care what he does to you, we can still be together. BOBBY
41) 19) text: Get away from me! Bobby sees his bus ticket on the ground.  He grabs for it Toby beats him to it. TOBY
41) 20) text: Now, what's this? BOBBY
41) 22) text: Mexico?  You going to Mexico? BOBBY
41) 24) text: This means something to you?  Jenny means something to me. Toby sticks the ticket in his mouth and chews it up whole BOBBY
41) 26) text: I'm gonna beat you so bad you gonna be eatin' nothing but soup the erst of your days.  Rain dogs is gonna be prettier than you when I'm done.  I'm gonna mess you up so bad you gonna make your own momma sick. I'm gonna ... Toby's words drift to Bobby from a million miles away.  T world around him is like a dream, or a nightmare.  A prim wells inside of Bobby that rises up in a howl as he swing soda bottle up out of nowhere across Toby's head, smashin backwards. Then he lands blow after blow with his right h the boy's face and head. Jenny screams: JENNY
41) 27) text: Stop it!  You're killing him! Jenny grabs Bobby's arm, literally hanging all her weight stopping him from striking Toby again. JENNY
41) 28) text: You're killing him!  Toby!?  Toby!? Jenny sinks to the ground and cuddles Toby.  Bobby stands looks at Toby, then at his bloodied knuckles in disbelief bandage is soaked with his own blood, but his adrenaline the pain. JENNY
42) 0) text: BOBBY is on the phone. BOBBY
42) 1) text: Hello, Grace?  It's Bobby.
43) 1) text: I thought you'd be on your way to Vegas by now.  Is there something you wanted? BOBBY
43) 3) text: I don't think we have anything to talk about. BOBBY
43) 5) text: There is no us, remember? BOBBY
43) 7) text: Stop it. BOBBY (V.O.)
43) 9) text: Because I know you're full of shit. BOBBY
43) 11) text: I thought you couldn't get your car. BOBBY
43) 13) text: Is that what changed your mind?  The money? BOBBY
43) 15) text: Are you sure?...  About me, I mean? BOBBY
43) 18) text: You said you couldn't kill anybody. BOBBY
43) 20) text: It was your idea, remember?  I'm doing this for you.  I'm doing this so you can fly...fly like a bird. Grace bites at a nail and fidgets, but says nothing. BOBBY (V.O.)
43) 22) text: After dark.  I'll leave the back door unlocked. She quickly hangs up the phone. Bobby also hangs up the phone, an unreadable expression o face.
50) 1) text: Well, that's it.  Sun's going down.  People go home, trade stories over dinner. They'll talk about the day, about the heat, laugh about something crazy it made them do.  They'll kiss, sleep a few hours, then do it all over again. BOBBY now appears next to the blind man holding two Dr. P He hands one to the blind man, takes a sip of the other o offers him his own change. BOBBY
50) 3) text: Keep it. There's a suggestion of cockiness in Bobby, feeling his l coming back with the night. His humour is enhanced by his down the street: As DARRELL, with his dilapidated truck, readies SERGEI'S convertible for towing. BLIND MAN (OVER)
50) 4) text: Ain't over yet.  Night is part of day; separate, but equal.  Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark. BOBBY
50) 6) text: Night is when you want to sleep, but the dry heat keeps you tossin' and turnin'. It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of. BOBBY
50) 8) text: Afraid of it?  Boy, I live in the dark. All cause of a woman who made me this way. People are afraid of what they can't see. I can't see nuthin', so it's all the same to me.  Kiss from a beautiful woman, kissy kissy kiss, a lick from a dog, slurp, slurp, the kiss of death (he makes a strange sound). It's all the same to me. BOBBY
50) 10) text: More or less. BOBBY
50) 12) text: Nothing makes the Great Spirit laugh harder than a man's plans. We all got plans. I planned on seeing all my life. I know you didn't plan on straying into town. BOBBY
50) 14) text: Well, don't say I didn't warn you when things go your way. BOBBY
50) 15) text: You got a lotta philosophy in you, old timer but you don't fool me for one second with all this blind man crap. One minute you lost your eyes in Vietnam, next it's the joint. Now it's a woman? I'm hep to you. The Blind Man slowly lifts his glasses, showing his EYES last. Where his eyes should be are scars and dead flesh. sight that even takes Bobby back a step. BLIND MAN
50) 17) text: You got my pity. BOBBY (doesn't believe him)
50) 19) text: Oh, she was worth it.  She was worth every black minute since. Bobby looks at his watch, gets ready to go, drops a coin the Blind Man's cup. BOBBY
50) 21) text: Things ain't always the way they seem. You got to ask yourself: is it worth it? Day comes Earthmaker is going to look in your fucking heart! Then you better know what it is you're doing. Are you a human being -- or just one of them hungry ghosts out there floatin' around? Bobby walks away, smiling. BOBBY
50) 23) text: You know I won't be seeing you. The Blind Man lifts his sunglasses and peers into the cup he sees. We don't really know. He reaches into the cup an out the coin Bobby tossed in. BLIND MAN
52) 0) text: A LIGHT is on in the bedroom window.  After a moment it d the house is dark, silhouetted against the horizon by moo BOBBY steps into frame, carrying an iron pipe.
56) 0) text: Crowbar in one hand, BOBBY makes his way slowly through t living room, banging against the edge of a table. He hops silently in pain, then waits at the door to the next room listens.  Hearing nothing he slowly pokes his head into t darkness.  A moment later Bobby backs from the door and w the barrel of his own black .9mm BARETTA pressed against forehead.  JAKE appears now, backing him into the living He switches on a LAMP. JAKE
56) 1) text: Well, well.  As I live and breathe.  I didn't expect to be seeing the like of you again.  Thought you'd be long on your way by now. Jake continues to press the gun to Bobby's head. BOBBY
56) 3) text: I like Darrell.  He may be an idiot, but he's my half brother. We own Harlin's together, yeah, that little redneck manages to get paid no matter how things work out. BOBBY (realizing)
56) 5) text: I guess this is what they call "ironee"? Hunh? BOBBY
56) 7) text: No, but it don't matter anyway when you're lying there with your brains all over my carpet and I'm telling Sheriff Potter about this drifter, didn't have enough money to fix his car. And Darrell happened to find his gun, and through maybe this drifter heard old Jake got some money stashed away, and figgered he might try to break in and steal it! BOBBY
56) 9) text: ...And he thought he'd clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper...and then maybe borrow $200 or $20,000, or $200,000... BOBBY (very serious)
57) 0) text: GRACE makes her way down the hall in a nightgown, and now in shadow, listening. BOBBY (V.O.)
58) 0) text: BOBBY (sincere)
59) 1) text: Shhh! Liar. BOBBY (V.O.)
60) 1) text: That's a thick change of heart from this afternoon. BOBBY
60) 3) text: You have a lot of talk in you, whole lot of talk. BOBBY
62) 0) text: BOBBY stares at the automatic in JAKE's hand. BOBBY
62) 2) text: A strangling'll do just fine. Go to work. Bobby holds up his eight fingers with a "you try" look. J shrugs. Bobby points to the crowbar on the carpet. BOBBY
62) 4) text: She's got a slender neck. Bobby turns and walks towards the bedroom. Jake follows i adjoining room. JAKE
62) 5) text: Hold on a second! Come here! Bobby turns to Jake, who is suddenly extremely upset. JAKE
62) 6) text: How the hell did you know where the bedroom's at? BOBBY
63) 0) text: GRACE returns to listen. This thing is like a seesaw batt wills. BOBBY (V.O.)
64) 0) text: JAKE has come right up on BOBBY in a rage. JAKE
64) 1) text: ...Or did you just ply the afternoon away between my sheets putting your lips all over her, you little horndog... BOBBY (changing tactics)
64) 3) text: You're right! I don't give a damn about her. But killing her's one thing. Fucking her behind my back, that's another! Suddenly Jake swings his arm, clipping Bobby across the s the head with the pistol and opening another bloody gash. Bobby crumbles to his knees, crying out. Jake suddenly grabs Bobby by the hair, forcing his face b smearing his lips with his own in a vengeful kiss. The bl from Bobby's wound runs down to his lips and mixes with J lips. JAKE
64) 4) text: Now you've tasted both of us! He pulls back the hammer on the gun and levels it at Bobb head. Bobby sees it coming, plays his last card on his kn BOBBY
64) 6) text: What are you babbling about? BOBBY (talking fast)
65) 0) text: GRACE listening. BOBBY (V.O.)
66) 1) text: You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life. BOBBY
66) 3) text: Two-hundred dollars? BOBBY
66) 4) text: Two-hundred dollars...I'll do it!  I'll kill her! A beat. Jake stares down at Bobby on the floor. JAKE
66) 5) text: Sweet Christ, I'd be doing the world a favor, ridding it of the likes of you. Get your miserable ass off the floor. You're positively pathetic... Go on, go kill Grace. Bobby slowly stands. JAKE
66) 6) text: I'm not letting you walk for nothing. Two hundred dollars. Do it, boy. Kill her. Bobby goes.
68) 0) text: BOBBY walks it. His POV -- the door. Every step seems fre
69) 0) text: GRACE is in a quandary. How many seconds before Bobby wal to kill her? Or can he really kill her? She's not sure. She looks around the room frantically. Picks up a lamp, p down. She looks quickly through her closet, rummages belo the boxes. Suddenly she finds it. A dangerous looking Indian HATCHET with a feather hanging its bindings. It's a formidable piece of iron, quite capa splitting a skull or impaling flesh. Grace hears the footsteps just outside the door. She runs the door. A moment later, the bedroom door creaks open and BOBBY qu enters, approaching the bed. We sense the doubt in his ey to whether he can kill her. In a reverse POV, Bobby sees the outline of Grace in the victim...closer, closer.  He now lifts the edge of the be but sees a blanket bunched up to resemble a human figure. He suddenly hears a foot fall behind him, then he feels h presence. He spins. She's directly behind him, hatchet raised. His life is in hands. His eyes, locked in an eternal moment. Her eyes, the hatchet.
71) 0) text: JAKE bulls into the bedroom. It's a mess, furniture overt sheets and blankets all over the floor. The lights broken Waiting for him, face down on the floor, is BOBBY'S BODY pool of liquid. A broken bottle lies nearby. Bobby's body in its final death throes, and then shudders quiet...  Ov there, by the bed, is GRACE, who still clutches the HATCH The look on her face is pure shock. JAKE
71) 4) text: Aww, that's my Grace:  Not about to let someone get the best of her.  That's what I love about you.  As dangerous as you are unpredictable. behind Jake, the lifeless BOBBY rises up from the floor, much alive, and clobbers Jake with a golf club. Jake is staggered, but he's one tough old customer as he manages slowly, gun still in one hand, as if to fire. Before he can, Grace grabs up the hatchet from the floor drives it straight into his back. He gurgles, stunned from both sides, but it's like trying kill Rasputin. He still has the gun as Bobby jumps him fr rear, trying to get his neck in a chokehold. The gun FIRE discharging into the wall. The hatchet is ripped from his Grace watches as the two men bang into the walls in a rug rodeo-type fight, Jake seeking to dislodge Bobby off his An expression of fear and excitement in her eyes. Finally the two men go crashing to the ground, rolling ar Bobby maintaining his stranglehold, but calling to her, h hands full. BOBBY
71) 6) text: Grace...? She commits. Jumping into the fray, it's not clear whose she's really on as the three of them roll across the floo strangling, biting, hitting, spitting, scratching, gaspin a Guignol, but the pressure from Bobby's forearm is takin toll on Jake. Trying to bite Jake, Grace bites Bobby inst but then she scratches Jake's face. Jake is grabbing her Bobby chokes him, trying to use her to leverage himself a But she manages to rip herself from his grip and scramble her knees across the floor. She grabs the hatchet. And stands, moving back towards th men locked on the floor. Bobby looks up at her, hatchet i no longer sure which way she'll go. Jake, however, gasping for air, eyes bulging, spittle dri from his mouth, looks at Grace with some inner certainty she will help him. He gasps the words. JAKE
71) 8) text: Like you helped her, Jake? Grace stands there, deciding, the power of the hatchet in hands. She raises it suddenly over the two men. It flashes downwards. Deep into the gut of her husband Ja almost transfixing him to the floor. In the silence that follows, Jake's eyes roll up to meet But all she has for him is a cold, distant stare. Jake's head drops as the life rushes out of him. Bobby fa back from the body puffing and dripping with sweat. BOBBY
71) 10) text: The money's right here! Get the key! BOBBY
71) 11) text: No! You get it! He doesn't want to get close to Jake. Grace coldly runs o his corpse, ripping the chain, key and all, from the neck action pulls Jake's head up, then she lets it thump back floor. She runs back to the floorboards. The top of a thick steel floor safe is revealed. Bobby watches -- his whole life, it seems, hanging on the outcome. With the key, she opens the safe. Inside are rolled-up bu of cash -- in hundred dollar denominations. She looks up offering it as she reaches in for more. Bobby also gets d his hands and knees and grabs more and more, sucked into fever of freedom, far more money than he lost at the groc store, overcome now with emotions of fear and freedom. They see each other. GRACE
71) 12) text: Didn't I tell you? BOBBY (plunging into the cash)
71) 14) text: We done it, Bobby. Oh my God! They laugh excitedly and start kissing, rolling in the st cash, some of which sticks to Bobby's sweating back. The didn't turn out so bad after all for Bobby. GRACE
71) 15) text: Fuck me baby! BOBBY (looking at Jake)
72) 0) text: The LIGHT in the bedroom window is low candlelight, but w something watching them. GRACE's silhouette moves across window. BOBBY now comes out of the house, cautious, walking down driveway. He stops, thinks, and walks back to open the hood of GRAC He reaches into the ENGINE and disconnects something, the closes the hood and walks on.
73) 0) text: BOBBY walks up to the SHACK near the garage and bangs on door. A light goes on in the window.  DARRELL shouts out. DARRELL (O.C.)
73) 1) text: What you want? BOBBY
73) 3) text: We're closed.  Come back when the sun comes up. Bobby, in a hurry to get back should Grace pull any trick bangs and kicks against the door. Darrell yanks the door DARRELL
73) 4) text: What the hell ... oh, it's you.  Might've figgered. Listen I got a waitress coming over.  What do you want? BOBBY
73) 6) text: You got the money? Bobby pulls the money from his hip pocket and hands it to Darrell.  The mechanic fingers it suspiciously. DARRELL
73) 7) text: Two-hundred dollars in hundred-dollar bills.  And this morning you was broke. BOBBY
73) 9) text: I don't want no dirty money.  I run an honest business. BOBBY
73) 11) text: Well, there's a $50 overnight storage charge we got to talk about. Bobby is ready at first to explode, but then just laughs loud. You got to give it to a guy like Darrell. He holds $100 bill. BOBBY
73) 13) text: No. BOBBY
73) 14) text: Figgers. There's a scratch on the hood and how much you make selling my gun? Deduct it. Bobby pulls the hundred back from Darrell's grasp. DARRELL (going to get the keys)
73) 15) text: Don't know nothing about no gun. BOBBY
73) 17) text: I think you know where to find her. BOBBY
73) 19) text: Topped off the tank for you. No charge. Just my way of doing business. BOBBY (jovial, confident now)
73) 20) text: Listen up good, Darrell. I'm getting outta this shithole. You're staying! And one little peep outta you -- remember that gun makes you part of the food chain. Your prints are all over it. I'd be awful careful whose rectum I was pointing my finger in, Darrell. Bobby hops in the car, a free man. As Darrell glares at h bewildered and frightened at the same time.
74) 0) text: BOBBY turns the MUSTANG up the drive. THE HEADLIGHTS cut darkness and land on an empty patch where Grace's jeep ha parked.  Bobby jumps from the Mustang and runs around frantically. His look is devastated. He falls to his knee about to sob when: GRACE opens the front door and pokes her head out, puttin several suitcases. GRACE
74) 1) text: Bobby?  What the hell's the matter with you? BOBBY
74) 3) text: I got the money all packed.  I put the jeep and his caddy in the garage. People'll think maybe me and Jake went away.  Buy us some time...I know a back road we can take. BOBBY
74) 5) text: I'm not coming back. BOBBY (accepting)
74) 7) text: Funny thing; the jeep wouldn't start. I had to push it. BOBBY (dryly)
75) 0) text: Bobby's MUSTANG is backed towards the front of the house. see a silhouette of BOBBY and GRACE carrying something wr in a BLANKET and dumping it in the trunk.
77) 0) text: GRACE sits next to BOBBY peering out the windshield, clut the money in a backpack. She's humming an Indian song. BOBBY
77) 3) text: Oh, God!  I can't believe it.  I'm out. I'm finally out! The MUSTANG begins to swerve along the road. BOBBY
77) 5) text: You don't know what it feels like to be free of that place. BOBBY
77) 7) text: You spent a day in Superior. I wasted my entire life there. I feel like someone just took a million pounds off my shoulders. BOBBY
77) 9) text: Can't we just dump him fast someplace? BOBBY
77) 11) text: Then will you take me on your friends' boat with you? BOBBY
77) 13) text: But I thought -- BOBBY
77) 15) text: Anywhere? BOBBY
77) 17) text: Hawaii. I've read all about it. I've dreamed of going there and just lying on the beach while the water licked up against my feet. Oh, God. I'd kill to go there. BOBBY
77) 18) text: You already have. She gives him a funny look. BOBBY
77) 20) text: What are you talking about? BOBBY (emotional)
77) 23) text: I love you Bobby. He looks back at her with trust and love in his eyes. BOBBY
77) 26) text: Don't stop! Bobby is in a bind. The siren whoops again. The lights fl highbeam. BOBBY
77) 27) text: He must've seen us swerving on the road, that's all, just gonna give us a ticket for swerving... But even Bobby has trouble believing that as the POLICE V pulls out sharply alongside his and SHERIFF POTTER motion him aggressively to pull over on the shoulder. SHERIFF (into loudspeaker)
77) 29) text: Keep going! She seems to be panicking. Bobby pulls over. BOBBY
77) 30) text: Fuck this!...Just shut up, Grace. We done nothing! Be cool. Let me do the talking. He doesn't know anything. His vehicle pulled up on the shoulder in front of them, t Sheriff gets out, shining his power flashlight into their BOBBY (starts)
77) 31) text: 'Evening Sheriff, sorry bout that but this jackrabbit... Bobby has no time to react as the Sheriff is suddenly the his window, jerking his door open, angry. A GUN in his ha pointed at them, his eyes on Grace. SHERIFF
77) 33) text: I would never do that to you, baby... He killed Jake -- said he'd kill me if I didn't come with him. All he wants is the money. Bobby looks at her. He cannot believe what he just heard. BOBBY
77) 36) text: OK...but he never made me cum! Really Virgil, I was only doing what I had to do so we could be free. Just like we talked about. It meant nothing. A pause. Virgil wants to kill her, but he also wants her badly. BOBBY
77) 43) text: All talk, that's all you did was talk, and all I did was sit around getting older waiting for you to free me! You never did nothin' Virgil, you're weak! (pointing to Bobby) He did! The Sheriff, deeply wounded, casts a hot vicious gaze on SHERIFF
77) 44) text: This is some girl you and me got here Bobby, yessir, an excellent cocksuck too, wouldn't you say? (back at Grace)... Course you had a lotta practice haven't you darling, going way back to your crazy mama! GRACE (deadly)
77) 47) text: You sound just like Jake... I did see into the future, Virgil, but you weren't in it. Go back to your family. They love you. Bobby gets out of the car, misunderstanding the situation BOBBY (misunderstanding)
77) 48) text: Look, we got more. We got $200,000 at least. Split it three ways, we all walk away... The Sheriff snaps and smashes Bobby with his flashlight, knocking him to the ground, kicking him again and again, gathering the psychic force to murder him. Grace tries to approach. SHERIFF
77) 49) text: Shut up, boy! You don't know shit round here! (to Grace) Get back. Did she tell you that story about the bird flying away? BOBBY (rolling on the ground)
77) 52) text: Were you going to help her fly away, asshole? What'd you think, you were the first boy to drift through this town she came on to? She tell you the story about old Jake forcing her to marry him? That's a good story... How he killed her crazy Mama? Bobby in bloody agony. Grace stunned that Virgil would re this now publicly. GRACE
77) 55) text: No...you! You! The Sheriff flies back onto the road, stunned, not realiz what's happened. Bobby watches unbelieving as Grace quietly steps up over Sheriff. She puts the next round in his nuts, a modern fury enacti ancient wrath. BOBBY
77) 56) text: Grace. No! The Sheriff is wide-eyed, dying in shock. Grace then fire at his head in a coup de grace that blows his brains out back of his head. Grace and Bobby both stare, then Grace jumps into action, dragging the body. She snaps to Bobby. GRACE
77) 57) text: Help me get him off the road. Into the car! We'll ditch his car... Get the fuck up! Bobby stares at her.
78) 0) text: They're driving. GRACE and BOBBY, wordless, each thinking separate worlds. Grace wipes her hands. The bag with the between her legs. The Baretta is back in the bag. BOBBY (finally)
78) 2) text: Get real Bobby. He was gonna kill you and me. BOBBY
78) 4) text: The only deal he had in mind was killing you for Jake's murder and blackmailing me into sucking his dick for the rest of my life... no thanks. BOBBY
78) 6) text: He was a scumbag!... He wanted me, Bobby. These guys don't let go! Even when they're dead... (softer) You don't know what it was like, Bobby. Those two, they were the same. A silence. The oncoming road. GRACE
78) 7) text: So, aren't you going to ask me? BOBBY
78) 9) text: Don't you want to know...? I bet it's burning a hole in your brain just now? BOBBY
78) 11) text: Don't you really want to know? Was Jake my Daddy? Was I fucking my own Daddy? Don't you want to know that? BOBBY (shouting)
78) 13) text: Yes! I was! I was fucking Daddy! And I married him!... I married him...okay? She looks at Bobby, forces him to look at her. Finally: BOBBY
78) 16) text: All I wanted was to be a kid... He took that from me... They all did... (very quietly, dangerously) They treated me like meat. A piece of meat. Fuck me. Blow me. Bend over. Stick their fingers up my ass... Fuck them! Fuck the whole town! They deserved to die! A pause. BOBBY
78) 18) text: "Nin chonk, nin chonk," my Mama used to say in Apache. "Your worst is doing this to you," she said, "your worst has killed you." And "Be go tsee" -- "you will find out the result of what you have done..." Just when you think it's over, when you've gotten away, it begins. Cause you never get away. Bobby stares straight ahead at the oncoming road. Can he love her? She seems to be reading his thoughts, like she she could. GRACE
78) 19) text: It's easy to judge someone else when you don't know nothing about it... I'm Apache, Bobby. You don't eat what I eat. You don't see what I see. Don't judge me. A silence. Two former lovers in the dark of a car moving the strangeness of an Arizona desert at night. BOBBY
79) 1) text: ...Nobody's sure where it was heading so fast but the way it hit the semi, it won't be getting home now! Hey area weather is gonna be hot! Hot! Hot! Then cold! Cold! Cold! Just like yesterday. Just like every day. Some surprise, huh? So if you're planning on anything, don't. You don't like the weather, just wait one minute. Got any brains, get up to Alaska and get yourself some trailer park where you don't see no desert for miles and miles... BOBBY (over)
79) 2) text: Right there... Drop it there. I got it. BOBBY is giving GRACE instructions as they drop SHERIFF V POTTER'S corpse over a drop onto some rocks 30 yards belo GRACE
79) 3) text: See ya, Virgil. God bless. Bobby pushes him over, his hand hurting. The body crashes It's hard work. They head back for the Mustang, to retrie JAKE'S body in the popped trunk. But Grace notices Bobby glancing at the Baretta now tucked in her waist. The silence is tense between them, the rocks and gravel crunching under their shoes as they walk. GRACE (indicates the gun)
79) 4) text: Is this what's bothering you Bobby? BOBBY
79) 6) text: You think now that Jake's dead, there's all that money there and I don't need you anymore, and I might just sneak up behind you sometime and...pop! She pulls an imaginary trigger on Bobby, mimicking the re a gun. Bobby is nervous. GRACE
79) 7) text: Don't you think I would've done it if I wanted to? What can I do to make you relax, baby? BOBBY
79) 9) text: Why don't we just finish what we started. She stares down at Jake. She can't help feeling some old feelings. As Bobby walks back to the front of the car, tu the annoying radio. He watches as she softly prays over J whose face is concealed by the blanket in which he is rol GRACE (after a moment with Jake)
79) 10) text: What do you think happens to someone's spirit when they die? BOBBY
79) 12) text: You don't believe in anything do you, Bobby? BOBBY
79) 14) text: Come on. He must weigh 300 pounds. Grace leans into the trunk to take his boots when he make move, quickly, closing on her when she's off guard. He sl hard in the face, coldly sending her sprawling to the gro dazed. He steps over her and grabs the gun in her waist, checks She puts her hand to her mouth, feels the blood on her fi tips. She looks at him and laughs a wild crazed laugh tha into Bobby like a knife. GRACE
79) 15) text: You hit me, Bobby? You hit a woman, you motherfucker! Didn't your Momma ever teach you anything...? Her eyes go to the gun in his hand and she stops laughing calm is extraordinary, as if expecting to die. GRACE
79) 16) text: Well? For a moment, Bobby does nothing, then he slips the gun t his belt. BOBBY
79) 18) text: Don't leave me. I want to say with you, Bobby. BOBBY
79) 20) text: I was just baiting him! Bobby, I had to tell him that to get his guard down. Just like you told Jake you was going to kill me! BOBBY
79) 22) text: Cause my Mom slept around. A lotta men! Anybody could've been my father. But we knew. BOBBY (not listening)
79) 24) text: I didn't want you to know! Don't you... unnerstand? Bobby's got a headache now. It's too much to understand, much talk. Too much history has taught him to doubt. BOBBY
79) 26) text: I don't want to go to Mexico, Bobby! Please, I really want to be with you. Don't blow this. Don't you think I care about you? BOBBY
79) 28) text: You don't know your own mind. It blocks your heart. Keeping a wary eye on Grace, Bobby starts hauling Jake ou the trunk. BOBBY
79) 29) text: Give me a hand. He wrestles Jake up to a sitting position. He grabs a can beer from a warm six-pack in the trunk and shoves it into pocket of Jake's coat. BOBBY
79) 30) text: Poor old Jake, a few drinks, a fight with the sheriff over his wife. And both of 'em ended up dead. Grace takes his boots. BOBBY
79) 32) text: My mother died in this canyon. BOBBY
79) 33) text: Save the Mom routine, will ya Grace. It doesn't work with me. One, two, three... They lift the corpse, and with great effort, haul it towa edge of the drop. As they pause on the way, Bobby, wary o Grace's strange coldness, tries to soften the blow of separation. BOBBY
79) 35) text: Hope is a four-letter word. BOBBY
79) 36) text: But we all need that too. Hold him. He props Jake at the edge, standing, and transfers the we onto Grace. Jake's head is on her shoulder. BOBBY
79) 37) text: You make a pretty couple. It seems he might push them both over but instead takes t wipes it of his prints, and slips it through Jake's belt. BOBBY
79) 38) text: Won this in a poker game in Reno. God knows who it's registered to.  You shoulda been more careful, Jake. See you later. As he takes Jake's weight off Grace and pushes it over th Grace watches him go, her eyes shifting to Bobby, his bac momentarily to her, also watching. She moves towards him. Bobby turns, slips on the edge. BOBBY
79) 40) text: Shit! She sits there. Bobby is calling from below. BOBBY
79) 41) text: Grace! Help me, Grace...! We been through too much together.  We've only had one day, but you and me have been through more than most people ever will. I know you were angry at me, and, you know, you were right! I'm sorry I hit you. I was wrong about leaving you. You don't belong in Mexico. She finally gets out and walks back to the edge of the cl looks down. BOBBY
79) 43) text: Bobby? Are you all right? BOBBY
79) 45) text: Can you make it back up? BOBBY
79) 47) text: Bobby, the trunk...it's locked. Throw the keys up to me. I'll get the rope. Bobby's eyes pass over Jake a few feet away, his eyes sta upwards in death. They take in the gun still attached to waist. He knows the trunk wasn't locked when they took Ja BOBBY
79) 48) text: I can't throw that far. You got to climb down here and get the keys. You can make it. It's the only way Grace. Grace looks down at the drop.  It's a tough descent but s knows she could make it and get back up as well. BOBBY
79) 50) text: Okay. I'm coming. Calm down! She starts down the cliff face. As she descends, he talks deliriously. BOBBY (off)
79) 51) text: I knew you'd help me. I knew you wouldn't leave me baby, cause we're tied together too close. We belong together always. Grace makes it to the bottom of the drop, and walks cauti towards Bobby. GRACE (yelling back, echoing)
79) 52) text: Bobby! Don't flip out on me. I can't do this alone. I know you don't trust me, but you gotta pull yourself together, I'm not gonna leave you...I never wanted it to go down like this. It was different with you Bobby. You had dreams like me. You listened... I would've gone anywhere with you, Bobby. We can make this work. I'm sorry...I really am. I didn't wanna hurt you. Can he believe her? She sounds so sincere this time. She's heading for the body of Jake. And the gun. Bobby kn that and is already crawling there. BOBBY (as he crawls)
79) 54) text: Why's that? BOBBY
79) 56) text: And I love you too. BOBBY
79) 57) text: And love's a funny thing.  Sometimes I don't know if I want to love you... Grace leans close to Bobby.  He dangles the keys out in f her, but she doesn't reach for them. Her eyes go to Bobby reaches for him. At that instant Bobby's hands shoot out clamp hard around her.  A sharp gurgle is all that escape as Bobby twists the life from her, as Jake leers up at th BOBBY
79) 58) text: ...or kill you. Grace twists and flails in Bobby's hands, but in spite of bleeding stump, he holds her like a bear trap holds a gri BOBBY
79) 59) text: I love you Grace, but I just can't trust you! She looks at him, trying to protest, shaking her head. Gr flailing goes into overdrive. Somewhere in his semi-delir state, Bobby's eyes might notice the gun at Jake's waist longer there. Grace manages one word: GRACE
79) 60) text: Jake... BOBBY
79) 61) text: He can't help you now, honey! Bobby is in agony as he kills her, part beast, part lover kills that which he loves. Suddenly, a SHOT is heard. Bobby buckles with the blast, the side. He kills her with one last wrenching thrust of hands, breaking her neck. Bobby looks down at Jake's gun, which she clutches in her and sees the hole in his side and the river of blood that from it.  He manages to stand, looks at Jake; their bodie side by side. Bobby, with great difficulty, claws his way back up the r the car, his fast-flowing wound staining the white rocks blood. He makes it to the top and, losing more blood, climbs int driver's seat. He checks the money in the bag. All there. his. As he pulls a huge clot of blood from his side, the vultu circle. Perhaps one, smarter than the others, lands close spooks Bobby but he's okay. He looks in the mirror. BOBBY
79) 62) text: You're still lucky. He puts the key in the ignition, the engine comes to life BOBBY (waves back)
79) 63) text: Adios -- Suddenly, the RADIATOR HOSE Darrell installed blows apart loudly. Bobby knows exactly and immediately what it is as cloud of steam now rolls from under his hood. He shakes h head, frustrated. BOBBY (sighs)