9) 6) dialog: A well-appointed office with a large window looking out upon a busy shipyard. There are a couple of models of modern freighters.in glass casas, but more important, on the walls are many framed prints and posters and maps relating to early California history; some from the Mexican days, many from the Gold Rush days, many of San Francisco in the Seventies and Behind the desk sits Gavin Elster, a man about Scottie's age, huskily built, slightly balding, with cool, watchful eyes. Ee is beautifully tailored, and gives. the sense of a man who relishes money and knows how to use it, He sits quietly watching Scottie, who stands staring out. the window at the activity of the shipyard, After a long =oment: (Continued)
10) 0) text: We are in the upstairs room that, in mood and decor, takes us back to Bonanza Days. This is the way San Francisco was. Scottie is at the bar, turned a little so that he faces into the dining room, and as. he drinks his eyes search the room slowly, carefully. The CAMERA SEARCHES with him, passing over the many well-dressed women, until it comes to rest on a table - for two against the far wall. Gavin Elster is seated there, dining with his wife. Scottie cannot get a ‘elear look at her. She is turned slightly away from him, and when she does turn her head in his direction there always seems to be a waiter passing to block the view. And during all of this we hear Elster's voice, continuing from the previous scene. (Continued) vw 5 236 3 9«12=57
104) 0) text: The Coroner's Inquest is in session. The Jury of twelve local people is at one side. Among the people assembled we see: the two nuns, escorted by a priest; Gavin Elster with his attorney; some State Patrolmen; and, of course, Scottie, Next to him is a burly man ‘in his fifties in civilian clothes, almost obviously a detective and obviously Scottie's one friend there. He is Detective Captain Fred Hansen’ of the San Fran- cisco Police. At the front of the room is the Official who is speak- ing, a rather testy old man. Behind him on the wall are an old, crudely hand-made American Flag from the last century, and a California Bear Flag.
105) 3) text: Me : ' "FROM AMONG THE DEAD 102. a 220, (Cont'd); =, . © a . is crowded, Scottie's glance wanders about the room “oo . as he drinks, but he-does not seem to be so mich ' > searching as waiting, And then he stiffens, From somewhere across the room a man and a woman are making their way among the tables toward the exit, and their relative positions as they move recall exactly the way Madéleine and Gavin Elster moved toward him on o . that night. And as the woman moves toward him, > difficult to see clearly because of the movements of ‘ the waiters crossing her path, he could swear that it is Madeleine, and so could we, Although she does ' pot wear an evening dress, Scottie stares, fearing and hoping as the woman gets closer and closer. And 2 then she is there, and pauses near him to wait for 2. the man, exactly as Madeleine did = but it is not - Madeleine,
105) 16) text: Oh} Why...I bought it froma man who used to live here, in this apartment building, Mister Gavin Elster, I bought it from _bim when he moved away. As Scottie stares at her, she grasps the connection, - . “THE WOMAN . OY You kmew him! And bis wife? The poor thing, I didn't know her, Tell me = is it true that she really believed -- . But by this time Scottie has turned and walked away, ’ and she stares after him, a bit taken aback,
108) 67) text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 1223-57 12a. . Added - INT. BELL TOWER - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT ~ (DAY) Gavin Elster looking down through opening, watching bis wife falling to the Mission roof. Madeleine runs into scene and screams. Elster quickly puts his hand over her mouth, The CAMERA PANS with them ag be crews her into hiding behind a masonry a ent.