13) 0) text: “FRCH EIS VIEWPOIN? =~ We see Madeleine crossing the small courtyard to a pale green Jaguar. She stands for a moment, opens her handbag and takes out her car keys. She gets in the car,
24) 0) text: The female assistant returns. She is carrying a small. nosegay of flowers. Madeleine nods her approval and, as the assistant returns, we see Madeleine indicate she will take it as it 1s. Madeleine begins to open her purse as thé assistant starts to write out the bill. ”
26) 0) text: Scottie comes from the Jaguar across the alleyway to where his own car is standing. He gets in. After a moment or two, we see Madeleine emerge in the distance and get into the Jaguar, carrying the nosegay. There _ 4s a sound of the starter, and immediately, she is on her way. In the f.g., the gray sedan moves off at a eautious distance behind.
31) 0) text: The CAMERA MOVES ACROSS the graveyard, and in the distance, we see Madeleine gazing down at a head- stone, the posy still clutched in her hands. -
32) 0) text: We see Scottie making his way down the side of the veyard, with the Mission Church behind him. The PANS him'all the way round to a position to- wards Madeleine. He disappears from view. .
33) 0) text: The CAMERA PANS Scottie past Madeleine and he takes up a position behind a grotto where he can observe her.
34) 0) text: Scottie watching Madeleine. aw 78. 79 80. ‘61. 82. 83. 85. 86. FROM AMONG THE DEAD 26.
35) 0) text: Through the foliage, from his viewpoint, we see the ' ‘back ctew of Madeleine, her head bent down, still looking at the grave. She starts to -turn. EXT. GRAVEYARD - {DAY) - SEMI-CcLOSEUP Scottie cautiously steps back a little. - ‘Ext. GRAVEYARD - (DAY) - MEDIUM sHOT The CAMERA watching the corner of the grotto fora moment. Nothing happens, then we hear a few steps and Madeleine comes into view still carrying the posy of flowers. She is walking very slowly. She comes to a stop opposite Scottie - until she is in full profile. She opens her purse and takes out a small handkerchief, then she moves on around the path towards the exit.
37) 0) text: We sée Scottie ‘hasten “round from his hiding-place back ‘to the headstone, where Madeleine had been standing.
39) 0) text: Once more his eyes are on the road ahead, as he fol- lows Madeleine.
41) 0) text: The two cars move alorig the road through the entrance, between the trees, and the Jaguar draws up before the Palace of the Legion of Honor. Scottie continues past as Madeleine gets out of her car and walks through the courtyard to the entrance to the art gallery. Scottie parks his car farther along, and follows her in.
42) 0) text: Shooting through the foreground columns, we see the gallery, soft lit fram the top, completely empty, save for one person. It is Madeleine. She is seated on the small wooden bench at the far end. Her head is tilted in the upward direction, gazing at a large portrait. Slowly we see Scottie coming to the left f.g. He - watches her for a moment and then with a carefully quiet step, moves ‘into the gallery and starts to examine the - pictures. .
44) 0) text: The nosegay resting in Madeleine's hand on the polished wood seat, The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS UP and MOVES IN to a part of the picture. It comes to rest on a nosegay held in the woman's hands.
46) 0) text: SHOOTING on the back of Madeleine, we see her head and shoulders only, The CAMERA MOVES IN until her bun of blonde hair fills the screen, The CAMERA. PANS up until we see the head and shoulders of the woman in the portrait. She is wearing a distinctive diamond. pen- dant.necklace.. Theti the-CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES IW and conc trates its attention at a bun of hair resting on the nape of her neck.
51) 5) text: to the hotel, He strolls up until he reaches the green _ car. EXT, MCKITTRICK HOTEL - (Dar) - MEDIUM SHOT SHOOTING over the green car, we see Scottie hovering around the bottom of the steps. There is no sign of Madeleine, She has obviously gone in by this time. Scottie turns and examines the facade of the hotel (Continued) bo y om Cc 109. 110. 112. 113. 115. 9-12-57
54) 1) text: The Manageress stands near the open door. Scottie brushes past her and stands on the threshold. . We are looking at the room over the shoulders of Scottie and the woman. It is empty. Scottie crosses to. the window and looks down. From his viewpoint we see the empty space at the street curb where stood Madeleine ‘gs Jaguar. (Continued)
58) 4) text: o wm FROM AMONG THE DEAD . 42. Me 123. (Cont'd) © : - He places a finger on the reproduction of the. portrait to indicate the bun at the back of the neck. Scottie nods. : ELSTER . oO . Something else. My wife, Madeleine, has several pieces of jewelry that belonged to Carlotta. She inherited t them. Never wore them, they were too old-fashioned... until now. Now, . when she is alone, she gets them out re and looks at them ... handles them O54 gently, curiously ... puts them on . and stares at herself in the mirror .. and goes into that other world ... : is someone else again.
60) 0) text: SHOOTING through the columns in the foreground, our view of the room is obscured momentarily by an elderly couple moving toward the door. They go by to reveal Scottie standing by a Rodin sculpture, looking into the room, and far beyond him, at the end of the room, ‘Madeleine seated on the bench before the portrait staring at it. In her hand, resting at her side on the bench, is once again the nosegay. Now she rises and approaches the portrait and stands before it, the nosegay clasped in her two hands before her, and (Continued )
61) 0) text: Madeleine approaches the green Jaguar, gets in, and the car starts away. Scottie's car moves into the scene, following. ’ DISSOLVE To:
64) 0) text: Madeleine's car approaches along the drive to the gates of the Presidio, and passes through the gates and is swallowed by the trees. Scottie's car follows, and it,: too, disappears. : .
66) 5) text: Scottie watching her curiously. 138. § EXT. BRIDGE - (SUNSET) - SEMI-CLOSEUP . a : Madeleine lets the paper aritt away down to the water oO : She proceeds to unwind the wire around the flowers . and begins to scatter them on the water.
67) 0) text: ’ EXT. DOCKSIDE - (SUNSET) - CLOSEUP MADELEINE FROM AMONG THE DEAD 4é.
68) 0) text: fhe full figure of Madeleine, scattering the rest of the flowers. Then she raises her head and stares ! up at the sky. A moment in which her body seems | poised, and then she is gone, lost to view in the water.
70) 0) text: SHOOTING down into the water, we see Madeleine's upturned face as she floats away. She disappears now and again. SCOTTIE, ruming down the few stone steps towards the water. When the water is up to his kmees, he swims out towards her, . Her eyes staring, sinks beneath the water. She is” surrounded by the scattered flowers. Scottie swims ain and grabs her.
72) 10) dialog: (Faintly, distantly) Please...thank you.... eee Please.... Scottie waits, taut, but there is no more. He starts to turn away and suddenly, still distant, but more clearly:
72) 11) dialog: (Appealingly) Where is my child?.... have you seen my child....? Scottie stiffens with the shock of recognition and his eyes go wide with apprehension staring at the . lost, eye-closed, troubled woman in the bed. And at that moment the telephone on the bedside table rings sharply. He makes a dash for it, The ring- ing brings the woman to with a sharp start, and she instinctively clutches the bedclothes to her chin and raises up a little and stares with wide-eyed fright .at the man running towards her. Scottie takes the phone. .
72) 13) text: . APS you all right? No answer, only the eyes staring at him. And then he realizes, with some embarrassment, that she cannot move, that she is naked under the bedclothes, and he reaches across to the dressing gown he has laid out for her on the bed, and moves it closer to. her. SCOTTIE ° . Oh.... youtll want this.... . os He gives her a reassuring nod and smile, straightens up and goes to the door, and goes into the living room, closing the bedroom door behind him, And she stares after him as he goes. . In the living room, he moves to the fireplace, puts another log on, and watches it catch. The bedroom door behind him opens, and he turns to face Madeleine. (Continue d)
72) 17) dialog: Why am I here? What happened?
72) 24) dialog: . (Wonderingly) . ' eves fell into the bay.... : She looks up at him. He nods. eeee and you fished me out... : He nods. She gives him a small grateful smile.
72) 25) dialog: Thank you. : Scottie is watching her intently.
72) 27) dialog: Nosees SCOTTIE . Do you remember where you were?
72) 28) dialog: ‘(Childishly surprised) Oh, of course I remember that! But then I must have had a dizzy spell, and fainted!
72) 33) dialog: {Almost naively) Because I love it so. It's beautiful there. Especially at sunset. (She leans her head back sensually to ‘the warmth) . Ab... thank you for the fire. scorriz Where had you been before?
72) 34) dialog: When?
72) 37) text: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be rude. “MADELEINE You're not « Merely direct. What were you doing there? At 01d Fort 1b? (Continued)
72) 47) dialog: You like it, too. He nods. She smiles at him happily, enjoying the warmth and the coffee, enjoying his presence, seem- ingly almost to have forgotten her nearness to death. And Scottie is fascinated by this thing curled up before his fire.
72) 48) dialog: (Then with a -wicked smile) And mene had you beent.«ee just before? & momerit, as Scottie takes a deep breath, and then he decides to chance it and see the reaction. “ . Scottie The Palace of the Legion of Honor. The Art Gallery.
72) 49) dialog: (Enthusiastically) Oh, that's a lovely spot, isn't it? “I've never been inside. -But it ‘Looks so lovely, driving past. At the words, "Itve never been inside,” Scottie is Startled. He stares at her, and she looks at him with naive,. happy inquisitiveness, ani and their looks are joined. Finally she drops her eyes and smiles timidly. : (sortiy} Lucky. for me.you were wandering about. Thank you again. I've been a-terrible bother to you.
72) 60) dialog: _i prefer John. There, that's done. - “ (The hair is in order) Ca. And what do you do, John? ‘SCOTTIE Wander about.
72) 61) text: ow . : ’ That's a good occupation, And : live-here...alone? : He nods, A cloud comes over her eyes. She looks - . away. ero ‘ ‘ MADELEINE : ' {Sertiy) One shouldn't live alone.
72) 69) dialog: Cc (Startled) 3 What? Lo
72) 71) dialog: : No, never before. I've fallen Dy . into lakes, out of rowboats, when Iwes a little girl, And I fell into a river, once, trying to leap : from one stone to another. But . ° _- I've never fallen into San Francisco “Bay. Have you? Ever before?
74) 0) text: From Midge's point of view; Madeleine, outside Scottie's door, hurries to the green Jaguar.
76) 0) text: The CAMERA is SHOOTING through the stone gateway across the small courtyard toward the front door of the apartments. We see Madeleine emerge. She is dressed completely different from the night before. She makes her way down to the Jaguar in the f.g. She gets in, starts up and swings the car round toward the CAMERA. She passes out of the picture.
80) 0) text: From his viewpoint, we see the reason for his aston- ishment. Madeleine has alighted and is approaching, of all places, toward his own red front door.
80) 3) dialog: Ohi Yes. Hello. - Scorrig Good mo: . I worried about you, last night. You shouldn't have ron like that.
80) 17) dialog: Oh, yes! ‘The whole thing must have peen so-embarrassing for youl SCOTTIEs Not at ali, I enjoyed---- And he stops short, now truly embarrassed, and she looks at him with wide eyes, waiting for him to go on. . ScOrTirs wore talicing to you.s....
80) 18) dialog: (With small, contained amusement ) I enjoyed talking to you. An awkward pause. Scottie turns abruptly to the door getting cut his key. v a
80) 27) dialog: I couldn't mail it; I didn't ‘mow your address. But I had @ landmark. I remembered Coit Tower and it led me straight to yous. : *  ScOrTie The first time Itve been grateful for Coit Tower, - He reads the letter as she watches him. He looks up.
80) 29) dialog: What? " scorr1e Meet again, sometime.
80) 30) dialog: We have. ‘They smile at one another, and there is a nice moment of silent rapport. Then:
80) 31) dialog: Goodbys. .
80) 33) dialog: I don't know, (Continued) wo
80) 38) dialog: No. . SCOfTIE Well..... anywhere in particular?
80) 41) dialog: Oh, yes, I forgot: it's your occupation, isn't it? . And she waits, with a small smile.
80) 43) dialog: Wender separately? Ah, but only one is a wanderer. Two, together, -are always going somewhere. . ScorTis : No..... no, I don't think that's necessarily true. - : And now he waits, hopefully.
80) 44) dialog: (With a smiling nod) You left your door open. He turns his head, startled and annoyed, then makes a dash for the door. As he goes, he turms his head to call back to her. ScOTTIE Don't moved And he hurries on to the door, She watches him go, and we are close on her face to see her (Continued)
82) 0) text: Madeleine is at the wheel, her eyes intent on the road, a soft, happy smile on her lips. Scottie is at her side, relaxed. He keeps looking at her as often as he can without. seeming obvious.
82) 2) text: (Finally) : Do you know where youtre going? : MADELEINE “ Of course not! I'm a wanderer! (Pause. .Then brightly) Itd like to go somewhere tive never been!
82) 4) dialog: If I've been there? That's silly! Either you've been to a place or - you haven't. . She flashes a quick smile of innocencé at him, then returns her eyes to the road. He looks at her : profile, wondering. +
83) 3) text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD _ 6h (Cont'd) In the distance we see the figures « of Madeleine and Scottie wandering among the towering trees.
83) 6) dialog: How o1d? SCOTTIE . Oh... some, two thousand years, Y om more. .
83) 7) dialog: The oldest living things? Scottie nods and watches her, wondering, as she looks about thoughtfully. .
83) 10) dialog: (Searching ) Of all the people who have been born.... and have died.... while the trees went on living. “ SCOTTIE greeiag) 7 Their true name id Sequota Sempervirens: always green, ever-living. : (riatay) : . IT don't like.them. . ScOTTTE way? . oe (Continued) “9x12-57
83) 17) dialog: But it makes no sound! Listen! She listens intensely for a long moment, and looks at him anxiously.
83) 18) dialog: Do you hear anything?
83) 20) dialog: (Wonder ing) And no birds sing.
83) 29) dialog: No, thank you. Scottie moves to the small upright drinking fountain as Madeleine approaches the tree section and stands pefore it and studies it. Scottie gets a drink of water, then comes up behind Madeleine and stands, and she is seemingly unaware of his presence. Their backs are to the CAMERA. INSERT OF RINGS on the tree, marked with dates, beginning near the center with the date 909 A.D. and ending with 1930 - trée cut-down. r
84) 0) text: .We see the two profiles: Madeleine staring at the tree, Scottie staring at Madeleine. She raises one gloved hand and almost idly begins to trace a finger up along the white line that is marked: 1776 DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE. And as the hand -moves'a little to the left, Madeleine begins to _ speak, almost vacantly, oblivious of all but this piece of tree, and herself, a ‘MADELEINE Somewhere in here I was born.... Seeee and here I died..... and it was only a moment for yousee. eccesse Fou took no notice... Scorris “" (Almost sharply) Madeleine] . - She turns her head to him, only now aware of his presence, and stares at him without expression. Then slowly she turns and walks away, and the CAMERA, PANNING HER SLIGHTLY, brings the head and shoulders of Scottie into the foreground, and he watches her, wondering anxiously, trying to put things together in his mind. Madeleine walks on until. she disappears behind one of the distant redwoods.
85) 0) text: Scottie moves over, watching her. EXT, RED WOODS - (DAY) - LONG SHOT . The CAMERA MOVES OVER as though it is Scottie looking. It MOVES far enough to reveal that Madeleine is no longer there. She seems to have disappeared. EXT. RED.WooDS ~ (DAY) - MEDIUM SHOT Scottie comes forward, the CAMERA PANNING him, to get a better view of where Madeleine went. EXT, RED WOODS - (DAY) - SEMI-Lone SHOT fhe CAMERA in Scottie's position, moving around, shows that there is no sign of Madeleine whatsoever.
86) 1) text: CAMERA is now among the trees where Madeleine was last seen, As it VELS across them, it finally brings her into view. She's leaning against a tree with her head bent back,
86) 13) dialog: The tall trees.... o SCOTTIE Have you been here before?
86) 14) dialog: Yes.... ScOoTrTiE _ When? She shakes her héad. SCcoTTis When weré you born?
86) 15) dialog: Long ago.... scortis Where? She shakes her Head, _
86) 29) dialog: No, don't ask me} They are both speaking quickly, now, the words eascading without pause. , ,
86) 31) dialog: z didn't jump, t fell! you told me I fell}
86) 35) dialog: No, I can't tell youl -
86) 40) dialog: : (Softly, tired) a Take me away from here...? QO. ScoTTie Home? esse Somewhere in the light. Os
86) 41) text: He takes her arm. She looks up at him with a tired smile. . . : , MADELEINE . vo And promise you won't ask me again. Please promise me that.
86) 44) text: 185. EXT. CYPRESS POINT OR POINT LOBOS - (DAY) Same day. Below'the point of land, the sea pounds against ths a? rocks, Madeleine stands alone, silhouetted against : : the sky. Scottie’ sits in the car, watching her. She does not move. Then slowly she starts to wik toward the sea, and as he watches he senses, with- out being sure, that her pace is increasing, and suddenly he opens the car door and jumps out and . ib slams the door and begins to run. But then’ he sees aA . something, and slows.down quickly and walls, for Madéleine has stopped and turned and is waiting for Bim." There is a gentle, apologetic smile in her - eyes She waits, and he comes to a stop before Pe “
86) 45) dialog: ‘Why did you run?
86) 50) text: > aw / FROM AMONG THE DEAD mn. a 185. (Cont'd) cd SCOTTIE IC mow. The Chinese say that once > you have saved someone's life, you are responsible for it forever. And so I'm. committed. And I have to lmow. . oO. MADELEINE - And you'll go on saving me? Again and again? He waits, She looks down.
86) 61) dialog: Vaguely.... Scottie What. do you remember?
86) 62) dialog: (Searching) A room.... there is a room, and I sit there alons.... always alone....
86) 64) dialog: No.... it's in shadow.
86) 66) dialog: A grave... SCOTTIE . Where?
86) 67) dialog: I don't know. An open grave. ‘I. stand by the gravestone looking down into it. And it's my grave. : ScorTTis How do you know?
86) 68) dialog: I. know. ScorTrTiz There's a name on the gravestone. 7 MapereTNE No. It's new and clean, and waiting.
86) 70) dialog: (Searching) - . . This part is” deeam, I think, There is a tower... and a bell.... and- a@ garden below... but it seems to be in Spain.... a village in Spain.” And then it clicks off, and is gone. (Continued)
86) 75) dialog: No. Scottie Of the woman in the mirror. you kmow her if you saw her? Would
86) 76) dialog: But Iim the women in the mirror!
86) 79) dialog: (Quietly, lost) And so explain it away? But there is a way to explain it, see. If I'm mad? That would explain it, wouldn't it? Scottie looks at her, and her eyes are big with fright and despair and a plea for denial, and suddenly she breaks, and the tears flow, and she turns her head sway’ sharply and turms and runs toward the edge of the ° . : SCOTTIE . Madeleines! He races after her and catches her and holds her » and she is against him, clinging tightly, deep in his embrace, end sobbi.ag fiercely. ,
86) 80) dialog: (Muffled, against nay breast) It not mad. I'm not mad. And I-don't want to-die, but there's (Continued)
86) 84) text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 7h. ’ MADELEINE (Cont'd) ; someone inside me, there's some- body else, and she says I mst GLe..... Scottis, don't let me gol
86) 87) dialog: (Whispering) Don't leave me.... stay with me... : SCOTTiz All the time, . They kiss again, passionately. And the wind blows, and the waves dash against the rocks, throwing up a curtain of spray.
87) 44) dialog: ‘I had the dream. The dream came back again.... She is trembling, and he holds her closely.
87) 46) dialog: (Sharply) - No, don't go away!
87) 50) dialog: It was the tower again... and the bell, and the old Spanish village.....
87) 52) dialog: But clear.... so very clear... for the first time... all of it....
87) 55) dialog: At the end of the green there was a whitewashed stone house with a lovely pepper tree at the corner--=-
87) 63) dialog: Yes?$ But---
87) 65) text: No, never! Scottie Madeleine, a hundred miles south of San Francisco there's an old Spanish Mission, Mission San Juan Bautista. It's been preserved exactly as it was a hundred years ago, as a museum. Now, think hard, darling. You've been there before. You've seen it! (Frightened) No, never! I've never been there} Scottie, what is it? I've never. been there} Long pause as they stare at seach other, he desperately trying to think it through, she moved and frightened. He rises and moves away, anxious and shaken.
87) 69) dialog: - (Remembering) I stood alone on the green, searching for something, and I started to walk to the church. But then the darkmess closed in, I was alone in the dark, being ed into darimess, and IT fought to wake up.... She “looks at him, frightened again ‘ the memory. Ee goes to her reassuringly. 7 SCcOTTIE You're going to be all right now, Madeleine. I've got something to ‘work on now. -I'm going to take you ‘there - to the Mission - this after- noon. And when you see it, you'll remember when you saw it before, and that will finish your dream and destroy it. I promise. Youtll be free. She looks up at him end tries +o smile.
90) 0) text: Madeleine's eyes are closed. Scottie, leaning against the surrey, looks up at her intently. After a moment he calls to her softly. ’ SCOTTIE . - Madeleine.....? She opens her eyes and looks down at him. : SCOTTIE : . Whers.are you now? oe Sha smiles at him gently. ’ MADELEINE (Softly). . Here. with you. “7 "7 SCOttiE Fa 2 And..it's all real,
90) 1) dialog: Yes. ScorfTie > : . (Firmly) 43 Not merely as it was a hundred years ago. As it was a year : ago, or six months ago, whenever you were here to see it. . , (Pressing) > Madeleine, think of when you were here }
90) 2) text: She looks down ‘at him with a worried, regretful smile, wishing she could help him. Then she looks away into the distance, and speaks almost irrelevantly. (a , MADELEINE & : + (Dreamily) oN There were not so many carriages, (2 ws then, And there were horses in 9-12-57 (Continued)
90) 7) text: Eere's your grey horse! Course he'd. heave a tough time getting in.and out of a stall without being pushed, but stil...... You see?. There's an answer for everything! . - He looks across to Madeleine eagerly. She is staring ahsad, lost in “the past. :
90) 18) dialog: (Whispering) I love you, too.... too late eeee too late... > SscorrirEe No....we're together....
90) 19) dialog: Too late... there's something I must dow... He holds her gently, now; brushes his lips along her hair, to her eyes, down to her mouth. Nothing you mist do...mo one possesses you.... you're safe with me... my love.... And’ they kiss again. As they part:
90) 20) dialog: Too lates... She looks up at him with deep regret and wonder in her eyes, then suddenly breaks from him and runs out the door, He stands still, startled fora moment, then runs after her.
91) 0) text: Madeleine is rumning across the grass toward the church. Scottie catches up with her.
92) 18) dialog: Let me go.
92) 20) dialog: To the church, I must go there. . ScoTtis Madeleine ---
92) 21) dialog: Please let me go. She pulls away and turns and walks swiftly toward the church, her head bowed. CAMERA DOLLIES with her. She is frightened, and close to tears, Scottie follows her a haifestep behind. The livery stable _ drops away out of the SHOT, and the two heads fill the sersen with only the sky as background.
93) 0) text: We see Madeleine running toward the Cloisters, Scottie after her. Finally he stops her once again,
94) 5) text: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD 90. 201.. (Cont'd) 4 ! SCOTTIE ; It had to. We're in love. That's all that counts. Madeleine ---
94) 6) dialog: (Frantic, struggling) | Let me gol.... Let me go!! . (B aing her} harply) : - (Hol her; sharply . Madeleine!! ° The struggle ceases. She remains limp in his grasp for a long moment, then slowly raises her : ‘ head to look at him. Her syes study his face
94) 8) dialog: And if you lose me, you'll know C ‘that I loved you'and wanted to rt = : go on loving you.
94) 11) dialog: Please. Because I love you. He stares at her, sees the pleading look in’her eyes, and lets go. She turns and walks away toward the church, slowly, her head bowed. ‘He watches her'go and starts to move after her. Then slowly, as she goes, her head begins to go up until finally, as she walks, she is staring high above her. And then, suddenly, she breaks into a broken run. .
98) 0) text: From Scottie's viewpoint: Madeleine runs through the open front door of the church, and vanishes.
101) 0) text: - Scottie runs in, stops at the foot of the’ steps, hears the r footsteps, and looks up. From his viewpoint we see Madeleine rum. up the open stairway that spirals up along the walls of the .,,” Bigh tower. She 1s already well on her way.
104) 28) text: vp FROM AMONG THE DEAD 97. Oo 212. (Cont'd) ae won't come. Elster drops his hand with a sympathetic Cc half-smile, and touches Scottie comfortingly on the ar ° ELSTER There was. no way for them to understand. But you and I know who killed Madeleine. yy He and Scottie look et each other for a moment. Then . Elster nods somberly and turns away and goes down the stairs with his attorney. The room is empty, now, but for Hansen and Scottie. Hansen, waiting near the door- way, looks across to Scottie standing alone by the window. Beyond Scottie, through the windew, we can Oy see the cloister across the green. | DISSOLVE To: 213. EXt. A CEMETERY SOUTH OF SAN FRANCISCO - (DAY) It is grey and deserted. In the distance a figure comes into view, walking slowly, approaching a grave. It is Scottie. . oO.
104) 29) text: 2134. EXIT, A CEMETERY SOUTH OF SAN FRANCISCO - (Dax) - A closer view brings him to a stop before the grave, and he stares down at it impassively. The gravestone tells us it ts Madeleine's grave. :
104) 42) text: MOVING. closer to the grdve. It is open; there is @ great black abyss, with the headstone to mark it. A CLOSEUP OF SCOTTIE coming to a stop as he stares down. The black depths of the grave fill the screen, and now, suddenly we start to fall. A BIC HEAD CLOSEUP OF SCOTTIE, his hair windswept, staring down in horror as he falls. REVERSE ANGLE: he is still falling, but now from the tower of the Mission at San Juan onto the roof where Madeleine fell, ara at the moment of impact the picture clears, and Scottie 1s sitting up in bed, staring ahead in horror, awakened by the SOUND of his own scream. The scream is echoed by a fog horn in the distance.
105) 2) text: C Seottie is seated at the bar, exactly as he was \ the first time he saw Madeleine. The dining room 9-12-57 (Continued)
105) 3) text: Me : ' "FROM AMONG THE DEAD 102. a 220, (Cont'd); =, . © a . is crowded, Scottie's glance wanders about the room “oo . as he drinks, but he-does not seem to be so mich ' > searching as waiting, And then he stiffens, From somewhere across the room a man and a woman are making their way among the tables toward the exit, and their relative positions as they move recall exactly the way Madéleine and Gavin Elster moved toward him on o . that night. And as the woman moves toward him, > difficult to see clearly because of the movements of ‘ the waiters crossing her path, he could swear that it is Madeleine, and so could we, Although she does ' pot wear an evening dress, Scottie stares, fearing and hoping as the woman gets closer and closer. And 2 then she is there, and pauses near him to wait for 2. the man, exactly as Madeleine did = but it is not - Madeleine,
106) 0) text: Scottie stands before the window lookingat the : 1 floral display. In the foreground is agroup of madeup nosegays and one of them is exactly like ' the nosegay Madeleine carried to the grave, to \ ‘the portrait, to the moment she threw herself into the Bay. A porter closes the shop door and locks 1 it. A moment, then Scottie turns away to move down Grant Avenue. He stops short. Coming up Grant Avenue, headed for Sutter Street, is a group of shopgirls who have ‘Just come out of work, and among them is one who = again - must surely be Madeleine. Scottie watches them come closer, trying toget a clear view through the crowd of passersby, catching sight of the girl only in glimpses, and as the girls come abreast of . him‘they stop to make their farewells. The one nearest to Scottie, seen in profile, might have the same features as Madeleine. He cannot be sure, This girl's hair is dark, where Madeleine's was light; her features on closer inspection seem heavier, and she wears much more makeup. And yet there is something about the way she carries herself. The other girls cross the strest while the one nearest to Scottie goes on alone. He instinctively turns and follows,
108) 53) dialog: 
108) 59) dialog: 
108) 62) dialog: 
108) 67) text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 1223-57 12a. . Added - INT. BELL TOWER - MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT ~ (DAY) Gavin Elster looking down through opening, watching bis wife falling to the Mission roof. Madeleine runs into scene and screams. Elster quickly puts his hand over her mouth, The CAMERA PANS with them ag be crews her into hiding behind a masonry a ent.
109) 0) text: The room is filled with diners; waiters come and go. There is a sound of chatter anda slight clatter of dishes at a side table. We are looking from the bar, and at a table against the far wall we see Judy and Scottie, dining. They are talking amiably; Scottie is being genial and companionable, but there ts no particular sense of intimacy. Judy looks about quite a bit, obviously admiring the room, and the food and the clothes of the people about her. She is dressed neatly, but more simply and more cheaply than are the other women in the room, and she is conscious of it, and keeps fiddling with the shoulders of her dress. oo i During this, a party of diners enters, is greeted ‘by the captain, and is led across the room toward an empty table near Judy and Scottie. We go with them winding among the tables. As we get very close to Scottie, he looks up and becomes rigid, and stares. A waman has just gone by him to take a@ seat’at the neighboring table. Her hair is blonde, and is done exactly as was Madeleine's; from the rear she could easily be Madeleine. But then she turns and sits down, glancing at Scottie as she does, and we see that it is not Madeleine. A moment, then Scottie looks away. Judy is staring at him anxiously. It is her first defeat, and her first victory: defeat, in'that although he is with her he is'still searching; victory, in that she is sure, now, that he doses not think she is Madeleine.
118) 1) text: As Judy comes into the room, Scottie closes the deor without taking his eyes from her. She looks at him gravely - and holds out her hand, as though hoping for praise for the transformation. Her eyebrows have been plucked, her makeup lightened, her lip- stick changed and she now bears much more of a re= semblance to Madeleine.
128) 19) text: 2 mw FROM AMONG THE DEAD " 138. 268, (Cont'd) CN . ee SCOTTIE CC (Quietly) > This was as faras I could get. But you... went on. Remember? , She stiffens, and stares at him. lo ‘ ScoTTrE > The necklace, Madeleine, That was the slip. I remembered the necklace. A moment, then suddenly she ducks and tries to run st him down the stairs, He grabs her wrist and