8) 5) text: aw FROM AMONG THE DEAD he 16. (Cont'd) 9-12-57 the rising hills of San Francisco framed by a large picture window. To. one side of the window is the owner of the apartment, MAJORIE WOOD, called MIDGE, at a commercial drawing table concentrating with professional intensity on a. drawing of a slim, elongated woman with few features and fewer clothes. brassiere sits on a table at Midge's elbow, and she studies it as she draws. Midge Wood 4s about thirty-seven, attractive, straightforward, well-but-simply-dressed; she wears glasses but does. not whip them on and off as they do in the movies. The music comes from a gramophone. The other oc- eupant of the room is Scottie. He sits in a big chair, with his feet stretched out on an ottoman and his head far back. There is a drink on a table nearby. He rouses himself to reach for it, and in doing so Imocks over his walking stick that has been propped against the chair. He reaches out to catch it, and in the quickness of trying to keep it from falling, he wrenches his body around.
8) 7) dialog: (Paying little attention) I thought you said no more aches and pains?
8) 15) text: He raises. his eyebrows with a surprised and gratified smile. Midge looks over at him with a grimace.
8) 17) dialog: More than you think. ScoTTis (Interested) How do you know? Personal experience?
8) 18) dialog: Please! (Then, impersonally) And what happens after tomorrow?
8) 22) dialog: Way?
8) 24) dialog: It wasn't your fault. ScoTTis Iimow. Everybody telis me. (Continued )
8) 26) dialog: Jonnay, the doctors explained---
8) 28) dialog: Well, you've got it. And there's no losing it. And there's no one to blame. So why quit? -
8) 30) dialog: It's where. you belong.
8) 32) dialog: (Laughs ) Ah, Johnny-0....06 She considers him for a moment, then goes back to her work. By now he is up and wandering about with the help of the stick,
8) 33) dialog: (Finally, as she works) Well?....what'll you do? scoTTizE Nothing for a while. You forget, I'm a man. of independent means. Or fairly independent.
8) 34) dialog: r don't you go away for a wntie? scoTTrEe (Grins) To forget? Don't be so motherly, Midge. I'm not going to crack up.
8) 35) dialog: Have you had any dizzy spells thia . week? beS7 : (Continued)
8) 46) dialog: oO. It's a brassiere, You know about | : these things. You're a big boy, j now. - |
8) 48) dialog: It's brand new. Revolutionary uplift, No shoulder straps, no back straps, but does everything a? . a brassiere should do. It works " on the principle of the cantilever bridge. °
8) 51) dialog: An aircraft engineer down the peninsula designed it. He warked it out in his spare time. ScoTTigE - . What a pleasant hobby. He wanders back to the chair and watches her work for a long moment. Then: 6 vo ScoTTIz - How's your love life, Midge? Qual 2-57 ' (Continued)
8) 61) dialog: That's following a train of thought. , .
8) 63) dialog: Normal.
8) 65) dialog: (Lightly) You kmow there's only cme man _ dm the world for me, Jchnny-0.
8) 67) dialog: Three whole weeks.
8) 80) dialog: He's probably on the bum and | wants to touch you for the price of a drink. |
8) 83) dialog: 
8) 86) dialog: I asked my doctor, He said only another emotional shock could do 4t, and probably wouldn't. And you're not going to go diving off smother rooftop to find out. ScorTre I think I can lick it. wIDGE How?
8) 95) dialog: Basy, now. 2° _ SCOTTIE > This is a cinch. I look up, I lock down. I lock up-- ; And at this moment. he makes the mistake of tuming and looking out through the picture window, o . 17. FROM SCOTTIE'S VIEWPOINT - Cu We see the depth down to the street below the window. The whole picture begins to weave. ‘nL 2057
54) 17) dialog: Oh! you msan Gay Old Bohemian Days of Gay Old San Francisco! The juicy stories? Like who shot who in the Embarcadéro in August,. 1879?
54) 19) dialog: Pop Leibel. Owns the Argosy Book- Shop. What do you want to know?
54) 20) text: Who shot who in the Embarcadéro in _ August, 1879. for the door fast. ‘MIDGE Wait a minute! You're not a detective any more. What's going on?
54) 22) dialog: Pep. Leibe1? Sure. ‘SCOPTTE All : right, come on. Introduce me. Where's your hat? Ee looks about for it. 12-57 ©
54) 24) dialog: (Speeding to the door) I don't need a hat. Johnny, what's it about? - 36. (Continued)
55) 0) text: It is old, it is msty, it is filled with old books, but the important thing to note is that it is. filled with memorabilia.of California pioneer days: on the walls are not only the familiar old maps and prints but also, and more striking, such things as framed old mining claims, posters describing outlaws wanted by the law, Wells Fargo Pony Express Posters; and on the shelves, old whiskey bottles, gold-mining pans, and such, The proprietor, Pop Leibel, is staring with a nodding smile at the piece of paper Scottie has handed him, and Scottis watches him keenly. In the BeBe, Midge wanders about the shop, inspecting the prints on the wall, but always listening. ’ POP LEIBEL Yes.... the Beautiful Carlotta... the Sad Carlotéa.... ScorrTiE What does a big old wooden house on the corner of Eddy and Gough Street have to do with her?
55) 14) text: OD 120. (Cont'd) o Forgetting Midge, he turns and walks out of the store Cc. fast, deep in thought.
55) 15) dialog: Hey, wait a minute! So long, Pop! Thanks a lot! ~
56) 0) text: Midge catches up with Scottie and stops him by grab- bing his arm. on : MIDGE' / : 2 o : Now then, Johnny-0; pay me. ;
56) 2) dialog: Oo For bringing you here. Come “ . on, tell! : ScoTrtis Nothing to tell.
56) 5) text: co MIDGE orm. You'll tell, or you'll be back . in that corset! Come on!
57) 0) text: Scottie and Midge are looking straight ahead, wu “ * * * SCOTTIE Here you are,
57) 1) dialog: You haven't told me everything. :
57) 2) text: eo ¢ I've told you enough, ) , MIDGE WSeabiscet} Who's the guy, who's the wife? . ; (Continued) we
57) 10) dialog: I kmow. ‘The ome who phoned. Your old college chum, Elstere
57) 12) dialog: And the idea is that the Beautiful Mad Carlotta has come back fran the dead, to take possession of Elster!s wite? Ah, Johnnyi Come onj !
57) 14) dialog: Is she pretty?
57) 16) dialog: (Evenly) No, not Carlotta, Elster's wife. SCOTPTIE . Mam, yeah, I gnesSeces Midge looks up at him from the corners of her eyes MIDGE ‘ (Wickedly) I think I'll go take a look at that portrait. “" (with a bright smile) Bes She opens the car door quickly and jumps out.
57) 28) dialog: Bye-bye! She slams the car door and runs into the house. Scottie glares after her for a momént, then his face relaxes, and he is lost in thought. He reaches “nto the glove compartment of the car and draws out tke : catalogue of the permanent collection of the Palace of the Legion of Honor. He opens it to a page and stares down, =” so - ' INSERT - THE REPRODUCTION OF “THE PORTRAIT OF CARTOTTA. DISSOLVE TO: a
73) 0) text: Midge is behind the wheel. She is staring out of the side of the window and we see what has made her come to a sudden stop.
74) 0) text: From Midge's point of view; Madeleine, outside Scottie's door, hurries to the green Jaguar.
75) 0) text: Midge is still staring across at Scottie's house, and the soft smile on her lips covers the hurt well. But there is still a shadow of it in her eyes. ’ (Softly) feats OOM sont Aaa las ita st?... And was TE LUN? .. cee Poecees Then she suddenly changes expression.
75) 1) dialog: Oops . She takes her foot off the brake, and turning hard on the wheel, straightens the car up and drives on.
87) 0) text: Outside the terrace darkness is falling, and the lights of the city have come on. In Midge's ~ apartment the lights are on and soft music: comes from the radio (possibly “progressive jazz" of the gentle George Shearing kind). Midge is painting at a standing easel; she hes a palette; obviously she is painting in olls. We cannot see what she is painting; the canvas on stretchers has its back to us. Its size is about by forty inches. Whatever it is, it seems to please hert she pauses in her work, picks up a highball from a table nearby, drinks and stares at the painting and giggles a little to herself, then applies a few more daubs. Now ahe hears the out- side gate slam. She puts down the brush and the drink, moves the easel a bit so that the canvas cannot be seen from the front door, picks up a (Continued }
87) 4) dialog: HL, Jobnny! Did you get my message? : ~e She immediately goes to the small sideboard or table on which are bottles, glasses, and ice, and mixes him a highball. Scottie is at ease. He drops his hat on a chair near the door and wanders into the room. - I did sinse shen do * ce when you go about slipping notes under men's doors?
87) 5) dialog: Since I stopped being able to get them on the phone. For a man who has nothing to do, you're certainly a busy little bee. Where do you go, these days?
87) 8) dialog: Oh? She hands him the drink. He takes a dong pull at it as she watches hin. ScomtTiIzE Mm. Better.
87) 9) dialog: Did you need it? (Continued ) ° 3B _.. FROM AMONG THE DEAD 76. 186. (Cont'd) _ “os
87) 11) dialog: j oh? She crosses the room to get her own 1 drink, giving D a flick of a glance at the canvas as she goes. 2 . Scottie watches her, slightly amused, lmowing - that her curiosity is working like mad.
87) 14) dialog: I just thought if I gave you a drink and fed you some dinner, you'd be so grateful youtd take me to a movie.
87) 19) dialog: ¢ (Innocently) : What have you been doing? 912-57) : (Continued)
87) 24) dialog: “(Brightly) . _ No, not exactly. Want to. see? Sasttte moves toward the easel and Midge backs away, So that as he comes around to face the canvas she is beyond bim, in back.of him, ds he moves toward the easel: : As a matter of fact, I thought I might give it to you. 7 (sm ne, sur ris id) ling, . surprise oo OBE . And now” he comes around to face the easel and stops to look, Beyond him Midge's face has a great smile of anticipation, And now we see what he sees. The CAMERA RESTS on the lower half of the canvas and we see the folds of the blue and gold gown, and the two hands, one holding the nosegay. (Continued)
87) 31) text: Johnny } Scottie takes his hat from the chair and‘ moves on to the door, Midge, completely taken aback, starts for MIDGE — _Bat Johany, I.thought you would «= She ‘breaks off as he turns his head to look at her, Hets not at all angry, but disturbed inside and sorry it happened, ‘SCOTTIE (Nicely) We'llimake that movie some _. other night, buh? And he’ goes out the door and closes it behind him,” (De vateL Loge ti: ) jesperately apologetic But Sobuny...$!3 “And she”stares at the door with a "Well-I!11-be- demned" expression, And now, abruptly, she gets angry at herself.
87) 32) dialog: Ah, molt : (Continued)
87) 35) dialog: Oh! Marjorie Wood!! You fool!! She stops before the canvas and stares at her face in the portrait. And all her anger at herself comes ln out in one great blast of scorn. \ MIDGE ‘ ' {At the portrait) | : . : OHS332! : oF . And she picks up a ‘brash and with three vicious danbs B > . paints a moustache and a beard on her image. Then : she throws the brush out the window, '
104) 46) dialog: (Brightly) It's Mozart. Wolfgang Amadeus. I had @ long talk with the lady in. musical therapy, and she said Mozart's the boy for you, Johnny. The broom that sweeps the cobwebs away. That's what the lady said. You lmow, it's wonderful how they've (Continued)
104) 53) dialog: But I brought you a lot of other things. You can see what you like. And the thing shuts off automatically. She crosses to him swiftly and imeels beside him, MIDGE . Ah, Johnny, please try. Johnny, $ You're not lost. Mother's ere. : No reaction. Long pause. Then we hear the door open. Scottie does not seem to hear, but Midge turns her head. A nurse is looking in, with a significant look at Midge. Time? Okay. The nurse goes out. Midge rises,
104) 54) dialog: I'll be in again, John, Do you want me to shut that off? It shuts off automatically. Her eyes crinkle with anxiety, She nods and goes to the phonograph and shuts it off, She comes back to him slowly, and stands behind him, and puts her hands on his shoulders. (Softly) . Ah, Johany-0.... you don't know I'm here, do you? She leans down and kisses him lightly on the top of the head, and smiles gently. 9-12-57 (Continued)
104) 58) dialog: But. I'm here. She moves to the door, go: out of the SHOT, and we hear the door open and close. Scottie has not moved, his face does not change expression. His head bends down, and his gaze is fixed on the floor.
104) 60) dialog: Could I see the doctor for . 8 moment? Thé ‘nurse backs ‘op a step and looks in the open door- way. se NURSE _ Dector...? The Doctor looks ‘ep and sees Midge in the doorway.
104) 62) dialog: He won't talk.
128) 82) text: rw FROM AMONG THE DEAD Uh. ss 276, (Cont'd) and stands by the window, with the view of San Fran- coos cisco beyond him, and looks straight ahead, thinking y Midge picks up the highball, glances over at him, picks up the bottle and pours in another slug. Then she moves across the room and holds out the drink. Scottie takes it. Midge moves away, picks up her own drink, sits down and looks across the room. Scottie stands quietly, immobile, then raises the