1) 0) text: We now see a short gap between rooftops, with a drop below, The pursued man makes the leap successfully Tollowed by the uniformed:policeman, Scottie makes the same leap, but almost trips in taking off and is thrown off balance, He tries to recover, lands awkwardly on the opposite roof, and falls forward, prone, with a heavy impact that burts and drives the i breath from his. body, He tries to rise but raises 9-12-57 ’ (Continued)
3) 0) text: In the distance the fleeing criminal, The policeman, seeing what has happened to Scottie, returns to the slope of the roof and strains to reach down to Scottie.
3) 1) dialog: Give me your hand!
4) 0) text: SCOTTIE'S HEAD. His hands grip the edge of the guttering. The tips of the fingers of policeman straining to reach Scottie, are at the top of screen. ‘Scottie begins to open his grip but stares down, he quickly resumes his grip looking up hopelessly towards the helping hand. He looks down again. FROM SCOTTIE'S VIEWPOINT ~- the hada below still a long way away. . EXT. SAN FRANCISCO ROOF TOPS — (DUSK) - MEDIUM SHOT The policeman's hand in foreground, his face beyond. (Cont inued)
5) 0) text: eee The tiles beneath the policeman's heel begin to give. The Policeman starts to slide.’ He claws desperately at the surface of the roof. —
6) 0) text: The “policeman falling through space. ‘
8) 1) text: The body of the policeman sprawled on the ground pelow. People are running into the alleyway; they stare at the body, look up to where Scottie is hang- Ing. .We see the light on their upturned faces. And now we hedr a police whistle blown shrilly, again and again. . vo Up to this moment the background music has had an. excitement to match the scene, and now it cuts off abruptly, leaving only the echo of the police whistle as the DISSOLVE begins. Then, in the DISSOLVE, we hear the gentle insistence of Scarlatti played by a chamber orchestra. DISSOLVE To: ~
102) 1) text: ‘and this DISSOLVES THROUGH TO: The body of the policeman falling from the recftop, tumbling through space to the street below. Scottie has to look away in desperate horror, He hears voices, looks through the arch again, and sees two nung hurrying across the garden from the dormitory at the beck, looking up at the roof of the cloister. He turns and gazes down the great height he now has to descend, flattens himself against the wall, and with trancelike desperation tries to start moving.