55) 0) text: It is old, it is msty, it is filled with old books, but the important thing to note is that it is. filled with memorabilia.of California pioneer days: on the walls are not only the familiar old maps and prints but also, and more striking, such things as framed old mining claims, posters describing outlaws wanted by the law, Wells Fargo Pony Express Posters; and on the shelves, old whiskey bottles, gold-mining pans, and such, The proprietor, Pop Leibel, is staring with a nodding smile at the piece of paper Scottie has handed him, and Scottis watches him keenly. In the BeBe, Midge wanders about the shop, inspecting the prints on the wall, but always listening. ’ POP LEIBEL Yes.... the Beautiful Carlotta... the Sad Carlotéa.... ScorrTiE What does a big old wooden house on the corner of Eddy and Gough Street have to do with her?
55) 3) dialog: By... no... the name I do not er, A rich man, a powerful man, It is not an unusual story. She came from somewhere small, to the south of the city... some say from a mission settlement... young, yes; very young. And she was found . Singing and dancing in a cabaret by the man... wait... wait.... Ives! His'name was Ivesj] Yes. And he took 9-12-57 . (Continued) im 120.
55) 5) dialog: And now, fragments, you understand. I cannot tell you how mech time 1 passed, or how much happiness there was. But then he threw her away. He had no other children; his wife had no children, He kept the child and threw her away. Men could do that in those days. They had the power... and the freedom. And she became the Sad Carlotta, Alone in . the great house....walking the streets -. alone, her clothes becoming old and patched and dirty.... the Mad Carlotta - eee Stopping people in the streets to ask, "Where is my child?.... have you © seen my child?".... : fhe store has darkened considerably and all the figures are practically. silhouettes. The CAMERA picks up a ' CLOSE SHOT OF MIDGE, listening intently, her head turn- 9~12-57 ed away from the wall toward the old man. And on the wall near her head is a print of Mission San Juan Bautista as it was in the old days. The poor thing....
55) 8) dialog: By her own hand, (Pause. Smiles sadly) There are many such stories.