44) 0) text: The nosegay resting in Madeleine's hand on the polished wood seat, The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS UP and MOVES IN to a part of the picture. It comes to rest on a nosegay held in the woman's hands.
46) 0) text: SHOOTING on the back of Madeleine, we see her head and shoulders only, The CAMERA MOVES IN until her bun of blonde hair fills the screen, The CAMERA. PANS up until we see the head and shoulders of the woman in the portrait. She is wearing a distinctive diamond. pen- dant.necklace.. Theti the-CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES IW and conc trates its attention at a bun of hair resting on the nape of her neck.
52) 7) text: © et 9012-57 FROM AMONG THE DEAD 32. (Cont ta) move » ‘and move again, and a hand appears, seemingly ! caressing it, and then we hear a woman's voice. MANAGERESS © Yes? . ; Scottie looks in that direction, and the woman” moves out from behind the plant. She is a small, gentle, elderly lady with white hair, motherly and t amiling, with bright, eager eyes.
54) 1) text: The Manageress stands near the open door. Scottie brushes past her and stands on the threshold. . We are looking at the room over the shoulders of Scottie and the woman. It is empty. Scottie crosses to. the window and looks down. From his viewpoint we see the empty space at the street curb where stood Madeleine ‘gs Jaguar. (Continued)
105) 3) text: Me : ' "FROM AMONG THE DEAD 102. a 220, (Cont'd); =, . © a . is crowded, Scottie's glance wanders about the room “oo . as he drinks, but he-does not seem to be so mich ' > searching as waiting, And then he stiffens, From somewhere across the room a man and a woman are making their way among the tables toward the exit, and their relative positions as they move recall exactly the way Madéleine and Gavin Elster moved toward him on o . that night. And as the woman moves toward him, > difficult to see clearly because of the movements of ‘ the waiters crossing her path, he could swear that it is Madeleine, and so could we, Although she does ' pot wear an evening dress, Scottie stares, fearing and hoping as the woman gets closer and closer. And 2 then she is there, and pauses near him to wait for 2. the man, exactly as Madeleine did = but it is not - Madeleine,
105) 6) dialog: (Startled by his - Vehemence ) ZI beg your pardon? . ° SCOTTIE 4 a. : This Cateee ti ..
105) 16) text: Oh} Why...I bought it froma man who used to live here, in this apartment building, Mister Gavin Elster, I bought it from _bim when he moved away. As Scottie stares at her, she grasps the connection, - . “THE WOMAN . OY You kmew him! And bis wife? The poor thing, I didn't know her, Tell me = is it true that she really believed -- . But by this time Scottie has turned and walked away, ’ and she stares after him, a bit taken aback,
105) 23) text: FROM AMONG THE DEAD 10k. He turns away. The woman walks on. DISSOLVE TO: . OMIT.