55) 0) text: Andreas and Avner are sitting at a table with Tony, a tou looking Italian man, mid-40s, very serious, plates of pas in front of them.
57) 0) text: A little courtyard patio restaurant outside the bookshop. thin Palestinian man, Wael Zwaiter, is standing facing a small crowd of Italians and Arabs. He is holding a copy o his newly-published translation of “1,001 Arabian Nights.
60) 0) text: Carl emerges from the store, nods to Steve who is across street in a Flat, sitting next to a young Italian woman, looks bored. Steve nods back at Carl and drives off. Swaiter comes out of the store, carrying two brown paper with groceries. He walks down the street. Carl follows behind him. 64 65
61) 0) text: AR van enters the square. It pulls up next to a fountain the center of the square. Hans hops out. He looks around square. He spots Steve’s Fiat across the square, parked curbside by an apartment building. When Steve sees Hans get out of the van, he steps out of Fiat. Steve positions himself a few doorways away, steppi into the doorframe to strike a match, light a cigarette. bored Italian woman inside the Fiat drives away. Zwaiter enters the piazza with his groceries. As Zwaiter' entering, the van has moved from the fountain and is approaching the parking space previously occupied by the Fiat. As Zwaiter enters the building, Hans is stepping out of t van. Steve gets behind the van’s steering wheel and Hans takes up Steve's former position.
64) 0) text: Several hours later. A waitress is serving food. Awful bouncy Italian music is piped in. Hans, Steve, Avner and Robert are drinking wine, a little sloshed. There are no other customers. Hans is poring over a pile of small pieces of paper -- receipts. Steve drinks, happy; Robert is drunker and glum Avner is tense, watching the door, waiting for something. Carl comes in, looking very tired. This is what Avner was waiting for. Carl sits next te Avner. The others watch.
71) 0) text: No one's home. Suddenly the front door pops cpen, Robert forcing it slightly, a bent wire in the lock. Carl stands behind him clutching a valise, very very gingerly.
76) 0) text: Carl, hearing the phone being lifted, raise his finger as signal to Avner. Avner looks down the street to the front door of the apartment building. He sees Mme. Hamshari’s car. It registers that Amina is no longer in the car. Avner shoot gauick panicked glance up at the window of Hamshari’s apartment, realizing suddenly what's happened.
84) 0) text: CLOSE UP on a child’s wind-up toy, a tin clown which roll a ball across a tabletop, moving beautifully till it lose its balance and falis over. Robert, thoroughly wretched, picks up the toy, pries it open and tinkers with the weig inside. Steve's watching TV and flipping through a magazine. Avne is grinding herbs in a pestle, preparing dinner. Hans is again working on the receipts. It’s silent. Carl arrives.
130) 6) dialog: I have this house from the French, I have permission, I am with Fatah! PLO! PLO! It's been arranged, don't shoot or we'll kill you, don't -- we have a right to be here, we paid.
130) 11) dialog: Said, put it down, now.
130) 14) dialog: The man at the bar on Hadjidakis Street, the man who works for the French. A beat.
130) 18) dialog: We're from Amman. I'm Ali. (pointing at the others:} Said, George, Abed. 158 101. Everyone nods in tense greeting.
130) 19) dialog: We paid for two nights, he said it was safe.
130) 23) dialog: So. So is it... So we're safe?
130) 26) dialog: Eventually the Arab states will rise against Israel -- they don't like Palestinians, but they hate the Jews more. It won‘t be like 1967, the rest of the world will see by then what the Israelis do to us, and they won’t help when Egypt and Syria attack. Even Jordan. Israel will cease to exist. Avner doesn't respond. They look at each other.
130) 28) dialog: What?
130) 32) dialog: (a shrug, easy:) We have a lot of children, they'll have children, so we can wait forever, and, and... if we need to, we can make the whole planet unsafe for Jews.
130) 34) dialog: Yeah, but then the world will see how they've made us into animals. (MORE )
130) 35) text: ALI (cont'd) They'll start to ask questions about the conditions in our cages.
130) 37) dialog: You’re a Jew sympathizer. All you Germans are soft on Israel, you give us money but you feel guilty about Hitler, and the Jews exploit your guilt. My father didn't gas any Jews.
130) 43) dialog: You don't know what it is not to have a home. That’s why you European reds don‘t get it. You say it‘s nothing, but you have a home to come back to. ETA, ANC, IRA, PLO -- we all pretend we care about your “International revolution.“ But we don’t care. We want to be nations. Home is everything. 159 160 i61 162 163 104.
134) 0) text: Avner and Robert watch, slouched down, as Ali and another Palestinian from the safe house get out of the black Mercedes. Muchassi enters the hotel with the other Palestinians. The Russians stay outside.
139) 0) text: «+. moves towards the hotel. Hans, nodding to the KGB men, goes in to the hotel. The porter sees Hans and, surprised, goes in after him. Avner is nearing the front door, but he stops when he see Ali and the other Palestinian emerge from inside. Avner ducks into a doorway so that Ali doesn't see him. The Palestinians confer with the KGB agents. Avner doesn't kn what to do next.
142) 0) text: The KGB agents and the two Palestinians look up as the gl in Muchassi's room's windows blow out, Little balls of phosporus sailing outward into the night air. Ali and the other Palestinian, guns drawn, start back int the hotel,just as Hans is running out. Hans fires his gun the black Mercedes’s window, shattering it, forcing the Palestinians and the Russians to dive for cover. 174 1038. The porter appears at the door of the hotel, shouting.
164) 0) text: Avner is scaling, gutting, filleting the carp, working wi strange blind intensity, almost violent, but also with precision, care, skill. The kitchen’s crammed with food, a mess: a pot of soup, a roast chicken, curried potatoes, pickles, salad, braised vegetables, a pair of berry tarts and heaps of chopped-up spices, herbs, garni, peelings, flour, eggshells. It looks like he’s cooking for twenty.
182) 0) text: Chilly very early spring. Daphna is on the stoop, chattin with an old Italian lady who's leaning out of her first s window; Geula is sitting on Daphna’s lap, chewing on @ stuffed animal. Avner‘s standing there, on the sidewalk, carrying a suitc leoking at her. The cut in his cheek is still vivid. He‘s disheveled, he looks lost, deadly exhausted. Daphna sees him, stands up, completely shocked. She sways little. He’s frozen, shy, uncertain, suddenly frightened be here. Geula starts crying, scared.