52) 6) dialog: (pointing to Hans:) He sells antigues.
52) 9) dialog: i thought you made bombs. 35. eS ROBERT Toys. In Brussels. But don’t worry, I’ve been studying how to make bombs!
52) 16) dialog: It‘s strange, isn’t it? To think of oneself as an assassin?
52) 20) text: 53 36. STEVE (cont'd) I mean, mazels on the baby and all that, that's just great but, but -- (to Robert) You make dolis, in a toyshop, and (to Hans) You shop for sofas and (Carl) I don’t know what you do --
52) 21) dialog: I worry.
53) 4) dialog: Let's not waste time with the Arab coffeehouses and mosques. Informers tattling on informers.
53) 6) dialog: The fedayeen in Munich had AK-47s, fake passports, plane tickets. Who paid for all that?
53) 8) dialog: Which leaves the European radical Left.
53) 10) dialog: Money leaves trails. And it opens pathways. The group continues to discuss, Avner watching. Steve, Robert and Hans are exchanging ideas. We don’t hear the dialogue; as Avner watches, we hear the sound of a phone being dialled, ringing, someone picking up.
56) 0) text: A one-room apartment, windows tightly shuttered, though golden Roman afternoon light is leaking in. There are several mattresses on the floor, and street maps, surveillance photoes, documents, newspapers lie scattered about. Avner, Carl, Hans, Robert and Steve, dressed in th clothes they’ll wear during the hit, are kneeling on the floor in a circle. Cari holds four straws in his fist. Avner watches; the others draw straws. They compare. Robert has the shortest straw. The others look at him. He looks away, unhappy.
58) 0) text: A little while later. The small crowd has gone and Zwaite is leaving. He walks down the street. Carl follows behind him.
59) 0) text: Zwaiter is using a payphone, speaking softly. At the counter, Carl is buying an apple. Zwaiter hangs up the ph goes to the shelves and selects: a jar of maraschino cherries, some green-colored dish soap, a bottle of orang soda pop, a bottle of grape juice, a salami, bread, and fruit. He catches Carl’s eye as Carl leaves the store. Th smile and nod at one another, friendly.
60) 0) text: Carl emerges from the store, nods to Steve who is across street in a Flat, sitting next to a young Italian woman, looks bored. Steve nods back at Carl and drives off. Swaiter comes out of the store, carrying two brown paper with groceries. He walks down the street. Carl follows behind him. 64 65
64) 0) text: Several hours later. A waitress is serving food. Awful bouncy Italian music is piped in. Hans, Steve, Avner and Robert are drinking wine, a little sloshed. There are no other customers. Hans is poring over a pile of small pieces of paper -- receipts. Steve drinks, happy; Robert is drunker and glum Avner is tense, watching the door, waiting for something. Carl comes in, looking very tired. This is what Avner was waiting for. Carl sits next te Avner. The others watch.
64) 1) dialog: Well, what do you want me to say? He’s dead. 48. Carl reaches in his pocket and takes out a bullet casing. tosses it to Avner. Avner pockets it, Silence.
64) 3) dialog: That old Pesach story. The angels are rejoicing because the Egyptians have just drowned in the Red Sea.
64) 5) dialog: And God says to the angels "Why are you celebrating? I've just killed a multitude of my children." Hans folds up the pile of receipts.
64) 8) dialog: Which was?
68) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve, in overcoats, suitcases behind them having just arrived, are standing behind a couch on which Avner and Robert are seated. They're watching the television.
70) 0) text: Steve, Carl, Robert and Avner, dressed in France Telecom repair uniforms, Steve at the wheel. They watch Mme Hamsh and Amina drive away, , on their way to Amina's school. 76 55.
71) 0) text: No one's home. Suddenly the front door pops cpen, Robert forcing it slightly, a bent wire in the lock. Carl stands behind him clutching a valise, very very gingerly.
71) 3) dialog: (badly scared, VERY angry?) . That isn't... funny you stupid --
71) 5) dialog: I hope you know what you're doing. Robert goes to Hamshari's phone. Carl and Avner watch as starts to install the phone bomb.
71) 7) dialog: This man, we don’t know what he did, specifically?
71) 9) dialog: Organizing. 77 56.
71) 11) dialog: And in Tel Aviv, they showed you the evidence for this?
71) 14) dialog: Think.
72) 0) text: Hans, Robert and Steve watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina driv away. Steve looks up the street at Avner at the kiosk. Avner, looking up at Carl, takeé his hat off.’
73) 0) text: Avner returns to the kiosk; as he does he nods to Carl. Carl starts to dial the phone.
74) 0) text: Amina runs up the stairs. EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT - MORNING TI Carl continues to dial.
75) 0) text: Amina runs to her apartment door. EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~ MORNING 77 Carl finishes dialling. The phone starts to ring. INT. IN THE BEDROOM IN HAMSHARI‘'S APARTMENT -— MORNING 7 Hamshari is putting on his shirt as Amina runs into the r
76) 0) text: Carl, hearing the phone being lifted, raise his finger as signal to Avner. Avner looks down the street to the front door of the apartment building. He sees Mme. Hamshari’s car. It registers that Amina is no longer in the car. Avner shoot gauick panicked glance up at the window of Hamshari’s apartment, realizing suddenly what's happened.
77) 0) text: Carl hears someone pick up the phone. He starts to ask if it’s Hamshari when he hears Amina’s voice. AMINA‘'S VOICE Hello?
78) 0) text: The indicator light on Robert's remote lights up. Robert starts to move the tape off the toggle switch. He can’t g the tape off. EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT - MORNING TI Avner runs towards the Fiat. Behind him, across the stree Carl has dropped the receiver and is running as well acro the street towards the Fiat.
80) 0) text: Robert has peeled the tape off and puts his thumb on the switch. Suddenly Carl and Avner appear, pounding on the car’s closed windows. Hans reaches over and stops Robert' thumb with his hand. Carl and Avner are frozen, pressed against the windows. Avner draws his hand across his throat, meaning “abort.”
82) 0) text: Hans Robert and Steve inside the van and Carl and Avner outside on the pavement watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina dri away. The other four all turn to Avner, who looks up at t Hamshari apartment.
83) 1) dialog: Mahmoud Hamshari? EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT -MORNING 77W The sound of an explosion, but dull -~ people look up, confused. The glass in the window of Hamshari's apartment seems to buige outwards. Thousands of cracks appear; the glass holds.
84) 0) text: CLOSE UP on a child’s wind-up toy, a tin clown which roll a ball across a tabletop, moving beautifully till it lose its balance and falis over. Robert, thoroughly wretched, picks up the toy, pries it open and tinkers with the weig inside. Steve's watching TV and flipping through a magazine. Avne is grinding herbs in a pestle, preparing dinner. Hans is again working on the receipts. It’s silent. Carl arrives.
84) 1) dialog: He's at L'Hopital Cochin. I don't know how badly we hurt him, they aren't saying.
85) 0) text: Carl is on the phone. A television is on, and he’s watchi it as he talks.
85) 1) dialog: They discovered seven in a mail room near the embassy in, ah, Earl's court.
87) 0) text: Avner is talking on the phone to Carl.
88) 1) dialog: Right after Channukah, so I guess there was a big pile-up of mail, and they got careless.
90) 0) text: Carl on the phone, watching the television. On the TV, th Israeli ambassador to Britain.
91) 0) text: Avner is on the phone to Carl.
92) 1) dialog: And to Zwaiter. They're talking to us. We’re in dialogue now. Where are you?
97) 0) text: The curtains are drawn. Lights intensely illuminate Rober at a table wiring six bombs together. He has a checklist a hand-drawn diagram near him on the floor, which he cons as he wires. Steve, Hans, Carl and Avner are watching.
97) 3) dialog: I knew a field agent who got too scared to sleep in his bed. So every night he slept on the floor of his closet. He still does. Every night. Sleeps in closets.
98) 0) text: Steve is holding up the mattress of the bed, sweating und its sagging weight, while Robert, on his knees, is carefu placing the bombs, in their frame, under the mattress, an wiring the detonators to a wire that dangles out over the bedframe with a lightbulb on the end of it. Carl guards t door, gun drawn. A light knocking outside on the door. Everyone freezes. C opens it and admits Avner.
98) 2) dialog: Why?
98) 4) dialog: If the bomb‘s too powerful you could be killed.
98) 8) dialog: (softly, to Avner) A boy or a girl? Avner looks at him, surprised.
98) 10) dialog: Mazeltov, Avner. Avner nods, pleased, missing his family.
98) 11) dialog: Did you see the papers this morning? News from Paris. Dr. Hamshari succumbed to his wounds. He's dead. So again, mazeltov, Avner. Robert and Steve lower the mattress.
98) 17) dialog: Steve, you do it. Steve looks at Robert and flings himself in the air and o the mattress. The bulb lights.
101) 0) text: Glass and plaster and stone rain down on the street, boun off a car in which Steve and Carl are sitting. Robert. and Hans are in the car behind Steve and Carl‘s c Hans driving, Robert holding the detonator. The car lurch forward, preparing to drive off as planned. 119 120 It screeches to a stop amidst the rain of debris as Carl jumps out of the first car. Carl slams his hand on the ho of Hans’s car.
101) 1) dialog: Go! Hans pulls the car out and drives off as Carl runs to the hotel. INT. AVNER'S ROOM, HOTEL OLYMPIC -NIGHT i119 Avner is trapped in a space between his bed and the wall, which is now leaning against the opposing wall, pictures it dangling from their hooks. Avner struggles to get out.
103) 0) text: Smoke and dust. The room is utterly destroyed. Carl blast the fire extinguisher at small flames. He gropes for the light switch, flicks it. The crystal chandelier, a burnt and twisted mess of metal hanging by wires, lights up -- one or two bulbs are intac An arm and a section of torso are dangling from the chandelier. Carl switches off the light as Avner comes in. Carl wipes the extinguisher clean with his handkerchief, then drops on the floor.
103) 1) dialog: Let's get out of here.
104) 1) dialog: It was toc powerful, it could have —
104) 3) dialog: {to Robert:) The ceiling in the lobby cracked! You nearly demolished the -- You could have killed Avner. And --
104) 5) dialog: What does it matter, we got (to Robert) Black September’s contact What do you mean, someone with the KGB! changed the -- (to Steve:) Shut up, please.
104) 9) dialog: We have no idea who he is.
107) 0) text: Ephraim, still in his coat, is standing amidst the team, which is busy, everyone working like clockwork preparing dinner. Avner is in the kitchen, assisted by Hans, simmer a gravy, making spaetzle over a boiling pot, chopping dil Steve and Robert are setting the table, while Carl select and pours wine like a sommelier. ,They’re.now a family, domesticated, concentrated, everyone knows what Avner exp of them. Ephraim watches, awkward, out of place, intrigue
108) 6) dialog: So much for no dead civilians.
108) 27) dialog: You can't order him, he doesn't work for you.
108) 32) dialog: You should be pleased, look how eager we've gotten!
108) 49) dialog: Oh well. It was a good career.
130) 0) text: A large and utterly derelict apartment. It's unfinished a abandoned. Cinderblock walls, cement floor, dank. It's unfurnished, except for a small transistor radio, a few rickety chairs, a couple of crates and two stacks of old mattresses -- a pile of five, and a pile of four ~~ each tied with hemp. Carl counts the mattresses, while Hans is putting cartons of take-out food on one of the crates. Robert is sitting on the floor, carefully wiring together four squat, dinged-up, rust-spotted cylinders, hooking th up to a remote-controlled fuse, and then placing the contraption into a small suitcase, surrounding each devic with newspaper to prevent jostling. Four more of the cylinders, more decrepit than the ones Robert's working o sit nearby on the floor. Steve and Avner watch him.
130) 4) dialog: Louis.
135) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve are watching the Russians.
135) 2) dialog: Wait for the signal.
137) 2) dialog: Another malfunction. Did the -- Maybe it’s delayed, or, or --
137) 4) dialog: Careful with that stuff! What are you -- Hans gets out of the car with the duffel bag. He walks briskly but calmly towards the hotel.
143) 7) dialog: Did we kill a Russian? That's -- Oh God, did we kill @-- that's not good, that’s -
143) 8) dialog: {over Steve: } Did you get the detonator!? We left the car, we didn't check for prints and we ~- It isn't my fault if... I wasn't trained to do this!
144) 15) dialog: We followed him today from his doctor to his hotel.
144) 20) dialog: Wearing sunglasses in the rain.
144) 25) dialog: Maybe that’s why we never let you do it. Your enthusiasm.
144) 29) dialog: Doe you have any idea how many laws we've broken?
144) 31) dialog: Do you know how many treaties we've violated?
144) 34) dialog: (overlapping above:) Including, incidentally, the laws of the State of Israel, which has no death penalty.
144) 37) dialog: I'm not disoriented, I'm keeping my sanity by occasionally reminding myself that in spite of the work I do...
144) 40) dialog: (overlapping above: ) -- remembering I’m still at least in principle a human being -~
144) 43) dialog: (overlapping above: ) A thing which I've noticed some people surrender all too willingly.
144) 46) dialog: We act like them, all the time. You think they invented bloodshed? How do you think we got control of the land? By being nice?
144) 50) dialog: (to Steve,over above) My son died in '67, you foulmouthed sonofabitch! Everything you can ask I've done for Israel. HANS. (to Carl:) Get a grip on yourself! Ask for a reassignment if this is so distasteful!
144) 51) dialog: (to Hans:) isn’t it distasteful for you?!
144) 54) dialog: They're armed.
146) 18) dialog: They could have been. For all we know, Louis's CIA. They work both sides. Everyone does. Or Louis is Mossad. Maybe he isn’t but they're using him to feed us information, with no direct link. Or Mossad is giving it to the CIA which is giving it to Louis. And Ephraim's demanding we give him Louis because he knows we expect him to do that.
146) 20) dialog: I never thought you’d last.
146) 22) dialog: I was born reluctant. Ask my mother. You aver feel reluctant, Avner?
146) 24) dialog: I knew guys like you in the army. You’li do any terrifying thing you're asked to do, but you have to do it running. Avner smiles.
146) 26) dialog: You think you can outrun doubts, fear. The only thing that really scares you guys is stillness.
146) 28) dialog: I envy your stamina. But... everyone’s overtaken, eventually. The mice need a brandy. Will I meet you in the bar?
146) 30) dialog: dust a shot to numb the brain.
146) 32) dialog: Indeed?
153) 0) text: Half an hour later. Avner comes into the bar, looking for Cari. Carl’s not there, and neither is the woman.
155) 0) text: Avner, gun ready, surveys the room, checks out the bathro goes to the bed. Carl's head is resting face down on the pillow, which is turning black with blood. At the base of Carl's skull, un the hair, is a small black hole. He turns Carl's head, enough to see that the exit wound i his forehead is large. He gently puts Carl's face back in the pillow. He crouches by the bed, doubling over, his face spasming a scream. A-hiss of air escapes his throat. He's shaking.