109) 0) text: Four Zodiac rafts are nearing the shore. Twenty Sayeret Matkal commandos are in the boat; some are in wetsuits, s are dressed as tourists, male and female. The boats pull on beach. The commandos disembark. Sealed bags are opened containing shoes, pistols, grenades, knives and uzis. They move to the waiting cars and pile in. In the near @istance there’s an outdoor restaurant, with a bandstand. People are dancing and the band is playing top 40s hits, in Arabic. The cars drive out onto the main drag of the A Riviera: pre-1980s Beirut, beautiful hotels, casinos, electric lights.
110) 0) text: Robert drives, Avner beside him. In the seat behind them, four Commandos, silent, huge, squeezed in uncomfortably. Another commando in the back is preparing Uzis. One of th commandos, disguised as a woman, early 30s, is stuffing h grenades into his bra. This is Ehud Barak, the squad lead
111) 0) text: The other rental cars and the truck are waiting, with the xest of the commandos, the old man and woman from the tru the other drivers -- all Mossad agents -~ and Steve. The Plymouth station wagon and two other cars pull up behind apartment building. The commandos pile out. The Plymouth's tailgate is opened and the Uzis are handed out. Steve goes to Avner and Robert...
115) 0) text: Commandos enter Nasser’s apartment through the smoke. The room, apparently unoccupied, has been shattered by the bl that blew the front door into the room. The door has stru and is covering what’s left of a table. Dozens of pages o paper, covered with text, thrown into the air by the blas are fluttering down. Some of the pages are on fire. An intelligence agent among the commandos is rushing about, grabbing up the pages, blowing out flames and stuffing al printed matter he can find into a satchel. The commandos use flashlights to look through the smoke a around the room, trying to find Nasser.
115) 1) dialog: Where the fuck is he? One of the commandos, standing by the front door, which i now smashed up against the table, signals for the others stop looking. Gun at the ready, the commando flips the fr door over with his foot. Nasser, in his thirties, a bloody mess, is barely conscio crushed under the door. The commandos look at him for a moment. The one who’s found Nasser gives a nod and then h starts firing into Nasser’s body; the other commandos fol suit. Nasser’s body jerks and dances as it’s struck by bullets. Then the shooting stops. The commando uses his f and slides the door over the corpse.
116) 0) text: 139 140 141 87. Adwan, coughing and blind from the smoke, is rising from sleep in his bed, the television on, what's left of his d swinging from its hinges. Commandos are entering his room He gropes for his Kalashnikov, screaming with rage as the commandos fire, their magnesium bullets driving him down to the bed. He fires off a round of bullets in the genera direction of his attackers, wounding one commando, perhap severely -- his fire provoking a dramatic increase in ret fire. Adwan's body is shredded by the bullets. The mattre he’s lying on bursts into flames.
117) 0) text: Abu Yussuf is trying to rise, wounded by bullets and from shrapnel from the bomb that tore off his door. His wife a his teenaged son, holding a metal tube from a vaccuum cleaner, are standing in an inner doorway, screaming. Two commandos and Avner have entered the room, and the comman are raising their guns, aiming at the wounded man. Yussuf wife throws herself in front of her husband just as the commandos fire.
118) 0) text: It’s a gruesome mess, smoky air, shouting, and bodies scattered on the ground. Commandos rush out of the buildi