36) 35) dialog: Her sister died, but I think she didn't go to the athletes’ funerais because some people are angry at her for not negotiating with the terrorists. She didn't go to the funerals because she didn't want to be booed. It's a good sign that you didn't ask questions. You'll say yes. I'm your case officer. My name is Ephraim. Ephraim leaves. Avner is alone.
38) 0) text: Ephraim is seated behind a desk in an entirely nondescrip room. Avner is seated across the desk. Ephraim takes a sh of paper from a desk drawer, slides it across the desk to Avner.
38) 1) dialog: First you resign from Mossad. Avner looks at Ephraim, surprised.
38) 2) dialog: Your new contract. It says we do not employ you, offer you benefits or pension or legal aid or medical assistance. It's a contract that there is no contract. Avner signs. 40
38) 4) dialog: You don't. Your pension contribution refund. Ephraim hands Avner a check and puts the signed contracts back in the desk draw, locks it. Ephraim stands.
38) 5) dialog: You are now officially unofficial. Unemployed and uninsured.
39) 0) text: An accountant’s office adjacent to Room 27-5-H. Avner and Ephraim are standing. Behind a small, neat desk with an ; adding machine, an leathery-tough old man has interrupted work to talk to them,
39) 8) dialog: Also we'll leave messages in the box with the operational funds. And you can leave messages for us. But there shouldn't be messages.
40) 0) text: Ephraim and Avner are eating baklava from a white cardboa box.
40) 1) dialog: We have eleven Palestinian names. Each had a hand in planning Munich. You're going to kill them. Eleven men, one by one. They're all in Europe now. You'll stay there as long as it takes. Europe only, not the Arab countries, that’s for us, not you, and not the Eastern bloc, don’t upset the Russians, who needs it. You will have no contact with us. 29.
40) 3) dialog: We deposit money from a fund that doesn’t exist into a box we don’t know about in 4 bank we never set foot in. We can’t help you because we never heard of you before. You'll do what the terrorists do. You think they report back to home base? They don't. We want them dead. They walk a bit. Ephraim finishes a piece of baklava, smacking his lips, breathing the air.
40) 4) dialog: Nothing better than eating something sweet by the sea. You can ask questions now.
40) 6) dialog: Four others. They know useful things like cars, documents, clean- up to make sure you didn’t accidentally drop your fake passport next to the dead body. You're the team leader.
40) 8) dialog: You do. Who else? Use guns if you have to, but bombs are preferable. One of your guys knows how to make them. We want everyone to read in Le Monde some famous Arab terrorist is dead, who knows who blew him up?
40) 10) dialog: What‘s wrong with you? 30.
40) 12) dialog: And not even I know you now.
40) 14) dialog: That’s a good reason and here's one more: You're ordinary, you aren‘t a Sabra Charles Bronson.
40) 16) dialog: Yeah I know. I know so much about you. .A nice sabra with a dog and a baby on the way and you won't shoot Spanish bellhops. No bellhops, no civilians. That kind of trouble we can't afford. The hard thing won’t be finding them. Some of them, anyway, aren‘t so carefully hidden. The hard thing will be not punishing yourselves by getting caught or getting killed.
40) 18) dialog: You're underprepared. What else is new? Were we prepared to build our owh country? We did it anyway. You'll figure it out.
40) 20) dialog: Because every Jew on earth saw those eleven coffins and thought "I want to kill the ones who did this." You got lucky. (MORE )
40) 21) text: 43 a4 45 Bi. EPHRAIM {cont'‘d) You want to say this was a mistake? Want to pass this job on to someone else? Now's the time. No one will ever know. B beat.
40) 23) dialog: (Smiling, pleased:) What contract? Do you want the last piece of baklava? Avner shakes his head no.
40) 24) dialog: Smart decision, you should avoid sweets. After all you just signed away your dental insurance. In the movie, the following scene comes before the one th just concluded.
107) 0) text: Ephraim, still in his coat, is standing amidst the team, which is busy, everyone working like clockwork preparing dinner. Avner is in the kitchen, assisted by Hans, simmer a gravy, making spaetzle over a boiling pot, chopping dil Steve and Robert are setting the table, while Carl select and pours wine like a sommelier. ,They’re.now a family, domesticated, concentrated, everyone knows what Avner exp of them. Ephraim watches, awkward, out of place, intrigue
108) 0) text: The team is digging in: sliced lamb, a big bowl of boiled potatoes, mint jelly, noodle soup, rolls, wine etc.. Ephr has the place of honor and his coat’s off now, but he sti looks uncomfortable and out of place, picking at the food Next to Robert, sitting incongruously on the table, is a little crane, exquisitely detailed, with a claw hammer dangling from it. Ephraim glances at it from time to time everyone else ignores it, used to it.
108) 1) dialog: It's obviously significant information.
108) 3) dialog: {overlapping Steve above:) Thanks for the instruction. And the enthusiasm. I know who he is.
108) 5) dialog: No. You keep out of the Arab countries. Mossad and the army will take care of it.
108) 7) dialog: {To Carl, grim:) You need to control yourself. vee (to Robert, irritated:) What is that, that contraption?
108) 10) dialog: You can't allow it?
108) 12) dialog: You aren’t Mossad. Robert turns a tiny crank. The crane wheels around to the Gish with he boiled potatoes. Robert turns another crank the crane’s claw drops inte the bowl, opening as it desce Another crank and the claw clamps around a potato. Robert turns cranks and pulls levers until the little crane has dropped the potato onto his plate. Ephraim stares at this incredulous. Then he decides to pretend it didn’t happen. Bl.
108) 14) dialog: Why don’t you and I go for a walk and talk about this? Alone.
108) 17) dialog: That's touching. In a juvenile sort of way. Listen, you've done reasonably well.
108) 19) dialog: You’re spending a lot of money. Well, we expected that. The world’s already forgetting Munich.
108) 21) dialog: People are going to find it difficult, connecting these bodies with the crimes they committed. This is... unimaginably risky for us. You understand that, yes? For our country. Me being here with you, now, is risky. An operation like Beirut could become a big problem.
108) 23) dialog: Look, lots of people in Mossad don’t know about you. No one knows. Everyone's asking “Who's killing the fedayeen? Is it our guys? Why weren't we told?” Big egos, lots of screaming. Maybe I can include... one or two of you, but excluding Mossad, or the army, is impossible. Accept it.
108) 26) dialog: (to Avner:)} It’s time you told me. And that, by the way, is not a request, it's an order.
108) 28) dialog: (to Carl:} Shut up. (to Avner:) I pay you, you work for me.
108) 30) dialog: You want it to find it empty?
108) 36) dialog: {losing it, screaming:
108) 46) dialog: Give me the source and we’ll let you take part.
180) 0) text: The same room in which Avner first signed for the mission Nothing has changed. Avner is seated, thinking, waiting. A man in civilian clothes walks in, carrying a large tape recorder, microphone, and loops of cable. He smiles at Av puts the equipment on the desk, and starts assembling it, whistling through his teeth. Avner watches this. When the man is done he leaves with a friendly nod te Avner. Ephraim comes in.
180) 1) dialog: I have no problems with anything you guys did except the woman on the houseboat in Hoorn. 147. Avner is surprised.
180) 2) dialog: Steve's told us about her.
180) 4) dialog: Don't be an idiot. Otherwise as I said we have no problems with the job you did.
180) 6) dialog: Aecording to your colleague, I should say emphatically according to your colleague, not in any way your fault. He sings your praises. -Best. guy he ever worked for :and so . on.
180) 8) dialog: He says this French group ~~ Louis? Was his name? -- they sold the terrorists information regarding your whereabouts. They helped kill your men.
180) 10) dialog: Tell us who they are.
180) 12) dialog: You're an Israeli officer. That's your only loyalty. That's it. Avner doesn't respond. 148.
180) 13) dialog: OK, so -- The door opens. General Yitzhak Hofi enters, two aides behind him. Avner stands, one of the aides closes the doo
180) 14) dialog: This is General Hofi of the Northern Command.
180) 18) dialog: (into the mic:) Testing, testing... He rewinds, pushes play. Listens to himself saying "testi testing." Then he switches the machine back to record.
180) 19) dialog: June 16, 1973. Avner Kauffman. Interview. (to Avner:) Go ahead.
180) 21) dialog: Tell me what you learned. 253
180) 25) dialog: Yes. What did you learn? Avner stares ahead, not at Ephraim. A weight descends on him, sadness, remembering. Ephraim watches, impatient.
180) 26) dialog: Oh for godsake. Tell me the names and numbers of your sources. Avner looks down, not answering.
180) 27) dialog: I can have you court-martialed. And I might. Avner shakes his head “no.
181) 0) text: Ephraim is dropping Avner off. Ephraim looks angry. Avner takes a small white cardboard box from his knapsack holds it out to Ephraim. Ephraim doesn't take it.
181) 1) dialog: What is it?
181) 3) dialog: (with disdain: } From Rehovot? The only edible baklava is from the Arabs in Jaffa. He hands it back to Avner.
181) 4) dialog: Eat it on the plane. You're too thin. (angry) I hope it gives you bellyache. Listen, forget it. (MORE )
181) 7) dialog: You go see your wife, your child, rest for a few more months. We're going to put you back in the field. Avner doesn't respond.
181) 8) dialog: Not Europe. Probably Latin America.
181) 10) dialog: You'll think it over.
181) 12) dialog: OK, then you'll come back and -- Avner picks up his suitcase, heads for the plane. Ephraim watches him go. As Avner enters the airport, he runs into a large crowd o Palestinian children, 30 or more kids, boys and girls ran in age from ten to thirteen, pouring out of the airport. kids are all in colored t-shirts that say, in Arabic scri “Kashefat Madressat Yaffa" with the same script and the Arabic letter “aleph” on armband on the left sleeve -- they’re in a kind of summer camp program ,returning from field trip visit to the airport. They surround Avner as t exit, momentarily slowing his progress inside. The kids a chaperoned by three young women, their teachers, two in modern dress, one in a head scarf and traditional dress. Everyone’s talking loudly, talking loudly and excitedly i Arabic. Avner turns briefly to look at the kids. Ephraim has gone
198) 0) text: Ephraim and Avner are walking past an overgrown park on t Brooklyn waterfront. There‘s an abandoned jungle gym at o end of the park.
198) 1) dialog: You think we’d hurt your family?
198) 3) dialog: I think you're losing your mind.
198) 6) dialog: I don’t discuss such things with people who don‘t exist. You want to discuss, come back to existence. You want your daughter to grow up in exile?
198) 8) dialog: Professor Hamshari with the beautiful wife and child? He was implicated in a failed assassination attempt on Ben Gurion, he was recruiting for Fatah France, enlisting sympathetic non- Arab fanatics eager to destroy the international Zionist conspiracy. You stopped him.
198) 10) dialog: And Zwaiter, your harmless little writer in Rome? He was behind the bomb on El Al flight 76 in 1968, he worked on another bomb last August. I can go with this,
198) 14) dialog: Tf these guys live, Israelis die. Whatever doubts you have, Avner, you know this is true. We are telling them: if you kill us you will never be safe. We'll find you. (beat) You did well, but you’re unhappy.
198) 16) dialog: Not Salameh.
198) 18) dialog: We'll get him, of course. You think you were the only team? It’s a big operation. You were only a part. Does that assuage your guilt?
198) 20) dialog: Why cut my fingernails they'll grow back.
198) 22) dialog: You killed them for the sake of a country you now choose to abandon. The country your mother and father built. That you were born into. You killed them for Munich, For the future. For peace. If you killed them. If I know you. If we have met before, which we have not. (MORE)
198) 23) text: EPHRAIM (cont'd) If you signed a paper, which you have, saying you have no connection with us, with Israel, or any connection with anyone anywhere, anywhere on earth, Avner Kauffman, and you have no context. No wonder you‘re unhappy. I'm unhappy just looking at you.
198) 25) dialog: Here‘s what I know: your father’s sick. Your mother will be alone. You're a sabra, your wife and daughter are sabras. What I came to say is this. Come home. Silence.
198) 29) dialog: No. Ephraim walks away. Avner watches him go.