34) 3) dialog: It‘s the same as Eichmann. We say to these butchers, “You didn’t want te share this world with us, then we don’t have to share this world with you.” (to the Attorney General:) There’s legitimacy for this. The Attorney General winces.
34) 4) dialog: Ambushed and slaughtered again. While the rest of the world is playing games, Glympic torches and brass bands and dead Jews in Germany. And the world couldn‘t care less.
34) 13) dialog: These people... They’re sworn to destroy us. Forget peace for now. We have to show them we're strong. {a beat) We have laws, we represent civilization. Some people say we can’t afford to be civilized. I've always resisted such people. She looks sharply at Harari, he looks back at her.
34) 14) dialog: (Angry:} But I don't know who these maniacs are or where they come from. Palestinians? Who are Palestinians? (MORE)
34) 16) dialog: There are no such people. They're not... recognizable. You tell me, what law protects people like these? Today I'm hearing with new ears. A nod to Harari.
34) 17) dialog: Every civilization finds it necessary to negotiate compromises with its own values. I have made a decision, The responsibility is entirely mine. The Attorney General opens the document folder. He takes photo, matches it with a document, and signs. He takes another photo, another document, and signs.
36) 3) dialog: Avner. It's been...
36) 5) dialog: Sit. This is Harari. Avner nods, wide-eyed.
36) 6) dialog: General Nadav over there, and this is General Yariv. How are you? How is your father?
36) 8) dialog: Coffee? Wonderful to see you again. Avner shakes his head no, then yes. He looks at Ephraim, smiles at him but whom no one has introduced.
36) 20) dialog: You know my sister died Tuesday?
36) 22) dialog: Cancer. I couldn't go to the athletes’ funerals because she died. That upset people, but... She was my sister. Family matters. Your wife is pregnant?
36) 24) dialog: Mazeltov. Meir and Yariv exchange a look. Avner watches them.
36) 25) dialog: You were one of my favorite bodyguards, you know? I like neat, durable men.
36) 27) dialog: Truth to be told, you don't look much like your father.
36) 29) dialog: Your mother is who you resemble. She stands, and everyone stands. She pats Avner's cheek. After briefly conferring with Yariv, Meir leaves the room