52) 0) text: It's a handsomely furnished apartment, solid furniture. C Hans, and Steve and Robert are meeting for the first time Everyone’s dressed casually except for Hans, who wears a and tie. Behind them is a table set for dinner. Avner emerges from the kitchen, wearing an apron, carryin large steaming brisket on a tray.
52) 1) dialog: A team leader who cooks! What a luxury!
52) 7) dialog: Right here in Frankfurt! It’s a front, but successful, I’ma documents and identities specialist with an sharp eye for early Danish modern.
52) 18) dialog: A soldier. In a war. Avner nods. Carl raises his glass to Hans, a toast.
52) 20) text: 53 36. STEVE (cont'd) I mean, mazels on the baby and all that, that's just great but, but -- (to Robert) You make dolis, in a toyshop, and (to Hans) You shop for sofas and (Carl) I don’t know what you do --
52) 22) dialog: His ulcers have ulcers.
52) 24) dialog: Because he really knows how to cook a brisket.
53) 5) dialog: And the money we pay the informers gets funneled straight back to Black September.
53) 9) dialog: Palestinian sympathizers, and penetrable. Sloppy, even.
56) 0) text: A one-room apartment, windows tightly shuttered, though golden Roman afternoon light is leaking in. There are several mattresses on the floor, and street maps, surveillance photoes, documents, newspapers lie scattered about. Avner, Carl, Hans, Robert and Steve, dressed in th clothes they’ll wear during the hit, are kneeling on the floor in a circle. Cari holds four straws in his fist. Avner watches; the others draw straws. They compare. Robert has the shortest straw. The others look at him. He looks away, unhappy.
61) 0) text: AR van enters the square. It pulls up next to a fountain the center of the square. Hans hops out. He looks around square. He spots Steve’s Fiat across the square, parked curbside by an apartment building. When Steve sees Hans get out of the van, he steps out of Fiat. Steve positions himself a few doorways away, steppi into the doorframe to strike a match, light a cigarette. bored Italian woman inside the Fiat drives away. Zwaiter enters the piazza with his groceries. As Zwaiter' entering, the van has moved from the fountain and is approaching the parking space previously occupied by the Fiat. As Zwaiter enters the building, Hans is stepping out of t van. Steve gets behind the van’s steering wheel and Hans takes up Steve's former position.
63) 0) text: Hans, Robert and Avner are seated on sacks of soil and fertilizer on the floor of the van. Gardening supplies an ornaments are ail around them, swaying as the van drives through Roman streets. Everyone inside is adrenalated and freaked out.
63) 14) dialog: Hallelujah. It's a sign.
64) 0) text: Several hours later. A waitress is serving food. Awful bouncy Italian music is piped in. Hans, Steve, Avner and Robert are drinking wine, a little sloshed. There are no other customers. Hans is poring over a pile of small pieces of paper -- receipts. Steve drinks, happy; Robert is drunker and glum Avner is tense, watching the door, waiting for something. Carl comes in, looking very tired. This is what Avner was waiting for. Carl sits next te Avner. The others watch.
64) 6) dialog: (to Avner) Mr. Zwaiter. He cost us, by my calculation, roughly $352,000.
68) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve, in overcoats, suitcases behind them having just arrived, are standing behind a couch on which Avner and Robert are seated. They're watching the television.
72) 0) text: Hans, Robert and Steve watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina driv away. Steve looks up the street at Avner at the kiosk. Avner, looking up at Carl, takeé his hat off.’
72) 7) dialog: Get back to your position, you ean’t start improvising now, go back to the corner!
79) 0) text: Robert is fumbling, having trouble getting the tape off t detonator switch. Steve and Hans are anxiously watching h INT. IN THE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~ MORNING TTP Amina is holding the phone. 779
80) 0) text: Robert has peeled the tape off and puts his thumb on the switch. Suddenly Carl and Avner appear, pounding on the car’s closed windows. Hans reaches over and stops Robert' thumb with his hand. Carl and Avner are frozen, pressed against the windows. Avner draws his hand across his throat, meaning “abort.”
82) 0) text: Hans Robert and Steve inside the van and Carl and Avner outside on the pavement watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina dri away. The other four all turn to Avner, who looks up at t Hamshari apartment.
84) 0) text: CLOSE UP on a child’s wind-up toy, a tin clown which roll a ball across a tabletop, moving beautifully till it lose its balance and falis over. Robert, thoroughly wretched, picks up the toy, pries it open and tinkers with the weig inside. Steve's watching TV and flipping through a magazine. Avne is grinding herbs in a pestle, preparing dinner. Hans is again working on the receipts. It’s silent. Carl arrives.
84) 5) dialog: Another two hundred thousand dollars, more or less, to eliminate target number two.
96) 3) dialog: As do the Russians.
97) 0) text: The curtains are drawn. Lights intensely illuminate Rober at a table wiring six bombs together. He has a checklist a hand-drawn diagram near him on the floor, which he cons as he wires. Steve, Hans, Carl and Avner are watching.
101) 0) text: Glass and plaster and stone rain down on the street, boun off a car in which Steve and Carl are sitting. Robert. and Hans are in the car behind Steve and Carl‘s c Hans driving, Robert holding the detonator. The car lurch forward, preparing to drive off as planned. 119 120 It screeches to a stop amidst the rain of debris as Carl jumps out of the first car. Carl slams his hand on the ho of Hans’s car.
104) 6) dialog: Louis provided the plastique, right? 123 76.
104) 8) dialog: (to Avner:) Why are we trusting him?
104) 11) dialog: Yes, but --
104) 14) dialog: For all we know, Louis works for the PLO, and they’re using us to do internal housecleaning.
107) 0) text: Ephraim, still in his coat, is standing amidst the team, which is busy, everyone working like clockwork preparing dinner. Avner is in the kitchen, assisted by Hans, simmer a gravy, making spaetzle over a boiling pot, chopping dil Steve and Robert are setting the table, while Carl select and pours wine like a sommelier. ,They’re.now a family, domesticated, concentrated, everyone knows what Avner exp of them. Ephraim watches, awkward, out of place, intrigue
108) 15) dialog: The food will get cold.
108) 34) dialog: We’ve reached consensus that this was a necessary thing to do, even if it stretches the definition of our mission a bit.
108) 43) dialog: I hope the old lady upstairs enjoyed that. She's a little deaf but I doubt she had any trouble hearing you.
130) 0) text: A large and utterly derelict apartment. It's unfinished a abandoned. Cinderblock walls, cement floor, dank. It's unfurnished, except for a small transistor radio, a few rickety chairs, a couple of crates and two stacks of old mattresses -- a pile of five, and a pile of four ~~ each tied with hemp. Carl counts the mattresses, while Hans is putting cartons of take-out food on one of the crates. Robert is sitting on the floor, carefully wiring together four squat, dinged-up, rust-spotted cylinders, hooking th up to a remote-controlled fuse, and then placing the contraption into a small suitcase, surrounding each devic with newspaper to prevent jostling. Four more of the cylinders, more decrepit than the ones Robert's working o sit nearby on the floor. Steve and Avner watch him.
131) 0) text: Hans and Robert, carrying a suitcase, watch a porter unio the door to a room. Robert, then Hans step inside. The porter tries to follow them in. Hans blocks the doorway.
131) 1) dialog: {to Porter:) You go downstairs.
131) 4) dialog: Yes. Robert pushes past Hans, leaving the room.
133) 0) text: Hans sees a black Mercedes coming down the street.
133) 1) dialog: Look. The black Mercedes arrives at the hotel. Two Russians in suits get out.
135) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve are watching the Russians.
135) 4) dialog: They're waiting. We're waiting. Stay calm. 167 168 106.
139) 0) text: «+. moves towards the hotel. Hans, nodding to the KGB men, goes in to the hotel. The porter sees Hans and, surprised, goes in after him. Avner is nearing the front door, but he stops when he see Ali and the other Palestinian emerge from inside. Avner ducks into a doorway so that Ali doesn't see him. The Palestinians confer with the KGB agents. Avner doesn't kn what to do next.
140) 0) text: Hans is rushing up the stairs, the porter in pursuit. 172 173 108.
142) 0) text: The KGB agents and the two Palestinians look up as the gl in Muchassi's room's windows blow out, Little balls of phosporus sailing outward into the night air. Ali and the other Palestinian, guns drawn, start back int the hotel,just as Hans is running out. Hans fires his gun the black Mercedes’s window, shattering it, forcing the Palestinians and the Russians to dive for cover. 174 1038. The porter appears at the door of the hotel, shouting.
143) 0) text: The car is tearing through the city. Robert and Hans try unsuccessfully to subdue the cursing, struggling porter. Steve, driving, holds up his .22 and fires a shot through roof of the car. The porter stops struggling, but he’s erying and cursing Hans.
143) 6) dialog: (to the Porter:) * Quiet! Be quiet! Shut up! * Does anyone speak Greek? * What's he saying? *
143) 16) dialog: Give me some money. Everyone hands him bills, till he has a large pile. He go to the porter and offers him the stack of bills.
143) 17) dialog: Here. Hans flings the money in the porter's lap. The porter spi in disgust and throws it back at Hans. The team gets in the third car and drives away. The porter watches them drive away. He looks at the money the pavement, spits on it again, and walks away, leaving to blow down the street.
144) 14) text: Hans is bent over a desk, working fastidiously with razor glue, a small iron, colored inks and stamps he retrieves an open salesman’s sample case, altering passports and vi Robert sits near him, watching him work with interest. Ca and Steve are sitting. Avner is cleaning, checking and loading guns, a gun cleaning kit at hand, silent and remo from the others, brooding. Everyone’s frayed, exhausted.
144) 30) dialog: Well, I forge the documents that get you in and over and across and around those laws so I have some idea, yes.
144) 32) dialog: And still I manage to get a night’s sleep, every night. It’s time to stop your hand-wringing, it’s counter-productive.
144) 41) dialog: Remembering that you're human is one thing, broadcasting it so relentlessly is something else.
144) 42) dialog: {to Avner:) Are you going to call a hait to this? I’d recommend it.
144) 49) dialog: {over the above, to himself:) Nonsense, nonsense, infantile undisciplined distraction and nonsense.
145) 22) dialog: Forget it! Forget it! They, they had a car. They're gone.
145) 28) dialog: We should have used Louis's men to help us, we... We're slipping. I can't, I can't believe we let him, we let him get --
161) 3) dialog: Leave it.
162) 0) text: Steve, Hans and Avner emerge from the houseboat and, look around, quickly go to their bikes, mount and cycle away.
163) 2) dialog: In seven months we've killed six of the eleven names. We've killed one replacement. One of our targets is in prison, and four, including Ali Hassan Salameh, are at large. One of our own has fallen. One has been retired. EXT. NEAR THE DUCKPOND IN THE OSTPARK, FRANKFURT -— EARLY
163) 7) dialog: Since we began: the other side has sent letter bombs te eleven embassies, hijacked three planes, killed 130 passengers in Athens and wounded scores more, and killed our military attache in Washington. A man turns on to the path behind Avner and accidentally bumps into him. Avner startles, spins on the man, who jum back, looking at Avner like he’s nuts, and hurries away. Avner’s barely-suppressed panic breaks loose. Breathing hard, he stops, sags, soaking wet, shivering, trying to collect himself.
164) 1) dialog: Some of this was done by a Venezuelan called Carlos the Jackal, who replaced Zaid Muchassi. Who replaced Hussein al-Chir. Black September‘s original leadership has been decimated. But new leaders are emerging for whom Black September wasn't violent enough.
165) 0) text: It's pouring rain outside, thunder, lightning. Avner, Ste and Hans are seated at the table. There are two empty pla -~- Avner's set the table for five -~ and a ridiculous am of food. Avner and Steve eat. Avner’s downcast and focusi on the food. Hans has a jumbled pile of receipts before h but he‘s not working on them, nor is he eating. He’s drinking, a near-empty bottle of vodka in front of him. Steve watches them both, feeling alone. 135. e mans And to dispatch our six dispatched targets, we must have spent something close toe two million dollars. Right?
165) 3) dialog: Two million dollars. At least. Mrs. Meir says to the Knesset that the world must see that killing Jews will be from now on an expensive proposition. But killing e Palestinians isn’t exactly cheap. Avner returns to his place, sits, starts to eat again and stops. No one is eating. Hans pours another drink.
165) 4) dialog: (to Avner:) If all eleven were dead, you'd stop?
165) 6) dialog: You're lying. What about their replacements? What if each time we Kill we create six more?
165) 8) dialog: Forever? Hans finishes off his glass and pours another, Avner star @ te eat again.
165) 12) dialog: Huh. Hans finishes off the glass and pours another drink. Stev reaches out to stop him, Hans pulis away.
167) 0) text: Bitter cold, and glittering: Some of the moisture from th night before has crystallized into hoarfrost. Hans is sit on a bench, facing the pond. He’s icy, dead. His hands ar limp at his side, eyes open. His face under the frozen ra and condensation is completely grey. Avner, shivering in the cold, sits next to Hans's body, leoking around. He unbuttons Hans’s shirt, moves the froz fabric aside. It crackles. There's a dark narrow oblong wound in his chest above his heart, frozen blood crusted around it.