99) 2) dialog: Good evening.
99) 4) dialog: Beautiful night. Where are you from? I can’t place the --
99) 6) dialog: Yes? I wouldn’t have guessed, it, I thought perhaps a Swede. I taught in Sweden. Near Eastern languages.
99) 8) dialog: Teaching Lebanese immigrant women how to clean houses in Swedish. Surprisingly remunerative. And such a beautiful country! The sounds of love-making increase in volume.
99) 9) dialog: Were you here last night?
99) 11) dialog: Don't plan to sleep. They keep at it till dawn. I loved Sweden, I've loved all the places I've lived, but there's nothing like the Mediterranean. If you were born within sight of it you can't live without it. Al-Chir takes a pack of cigarettes out of his jacket pock He takes out a cigarette, offers one to Avner who shakes head “no.”
99) 13) dialog: A town that no longer exists. Al-Chir puts the cigarette in his mouth and pats his pock leoking for a match. Avner takes out a lighter, holds it towards Al-Chir, who leans over his side of the balcony. i17 118 73. Avner flicks the lighter and, using his hand te shield th flame from the wind, lights al-Chir‘s cigarette. Al-Chir nods thanks, inhales, exhales.
99) 14) dialog: But the sea is still here. The sex sounds from the newlyweds’ suite become downright raucous.
99) 15) dialog: There! For hours! Take a sleeping pill if you have one. You want to borrow one of mine?
99) 17) dialog: Pleasant dreams. He goes in his room. Then the lights go off. Avner moves closer to the balcony railing where it abuts hotel wall. He hauls himself up, then leans in. He hears Chir moving about, singing softly to himself. A tap runni Peeing. A toilet flush. Then the sound of a man lowering himself into bed with a sigh. Avner leans further in. He can just see the foot of the b and al-Chir's legs sliding under the bedclothes. He lower himself back to his own balcony, goes in his room, switch off the light. A beat, and then an enormous explosion; the wall Avner's shares with al-Chir's is pushed in and falls over, intact knocking Avner back onto his bed. The fan in the ceiling above is sheered off and falls, nearly hitting Avner.