124) 0) text: Avner comes through the front door into a large common room/kitchen -- a room from the Middle Ages but with mode amenities, including in one corner a large commercial sto The room is full of adults and many children. Some of the adults look like working farmers, some like small-time business people. The driver of Avner's car and the large are drinking wine. Louis is in a corner, talking to a wom his sister Sylvie. Avner starts towards Louis when his sleeve is tugged. He looks down. An old man in a battered cap and coat, sitting on a stool, points towards the kitc area. At a counter near the stove, Louis's Papa, in his vigorou 60s, is chopping vegetables. He glances up, gives Avner a quick appraising glance,waves him over and continues with cooking.
124) 1) dialog: Louis says you’re a cook.
124) 3) dialog: You'll help me. You bring these... He hands Avner a big metal bowl filled with kidneys. He points to the sink.
124) 4) dialog: There. Avner brings the bowl to the sink, turns on the tap. Papa hurries over, nudges Avner out of the way, turns off the He gestures with the large knife he’s holding.
124) 5) dialog: No! Don't wash! It will taste like boiled sponge. 148 149 91.
124) 7) dialog: If the juices spurt out, it’s big mess, the whole kitchen smells like piss. Peel off the fat. He dexterously peels off a kidney's thin membrane of fat.
124) 8) dialog: Let me see your hands. Avner shows Papa his hands.
124) 9) dialog: Too big for a good cook! That was my problem too. Papa holds his right hand up, flat against Avner's.
124) 10) dialog: I‘d have been a master but I have thick stupid butcher's hands, like yours. We are tragic men. Butcher's hands, gentle souls. He tousles Avner's hair, gently, affectionately slaps his face. Across the room, Louis is watching their exchange.
125) 0) text: Louis, drinking wine, is staring with an uncharacteristic sullenness out a window. He's watching Avner and Papa walking together towards an orchard.
126) 0) text: Papa is picking green plums off a tree, tossing them into big basket Avner is holding.
126) 2) dialog: Skin them and prick them and boil them in sugar, bake them in honey and dough. (MORE)
126) 3) text: PAPA (cont'd) A little torture, you'll see how nice they are. You call me papa.
126) 5) dialog: No?
126) 7) dialog: And you are devoted to him.
126) 9) dialog: Your papa must be proud of his son. We'll pick a few, let the rest ripen. There are too many.people “to feed. But -~
126) 11) dialog: (grinning: ) Yes! We don’t work with governments.
126) 13) dialog: But you did what you had to, because you have to feed your family. They turn to go back to the farmhouse. Louis is in the window. Papa and Avner stare at him; Avne waves. Louis raises his glass in salute. 150 INT. THE COMMON ROOM OF THE FARMHOUSE ~ DAY i590 The whole group is seated around the massive table. Food wine are being served by the women. 93. Papa is at the head of the table, Avner seated on his rig e@ Louis and Sylvie sit a few seats down.
126) 14) dialog: (to Avner:) I blew up trains, bridges, trucks full of Germans during the war. My brothers died. My papa and my sister were both hanged, she was a young girl.
126) 16) dialog: (ignoring her:) We paid this price so Vichy scum could be replaced by Gaullist scum and the Nazis could be replaced by Stalin and America. We stay away from government. (to the table, crossing himself: ) We say grace. e The others start to cross themselves and pray.
126) 18) dialog: It’s not required. (to Louis, angry) You lead us instead. Louis deliberately crosses himself backwards. LouIS Our Father, who gives us obedient, respectful clients who obey the rules according to which our business thrives -~ Over this, one of the older woman raps her knuckles on th table. 151 4.
126) 20) dialog: (to Louis, angry!) It's not all for business! I didn't do ali this for the fucking money!
126) 22) dialog: (to Avner:) In my despair I fathered madmen who dress like factory workers but never do manual labor, who read nonsense and spout pompous bullshit about Algerians and, and who love nothing, not Algerians or French or flesh and blood or anything living. (to Louis, pointedly:) So I have sympathy for a man who can say "I have a papa." Who does what he must for his family. {to Sylvie, in FRENCH:) I did it for my family, for you. You... centaur! You minotaur! Syivie laughs at this.
126) 23) dialog: I will say grace.
127) 0) text: Louis, the large man and the driver are waiting by the ca Papa and Avner stand apart. A small child is hanging on t Avner's hand, swinging. Papa holds a wax paper parcel tie neatly with green gardener’s twine.
127) 1) dialog: In the resistance there were occasionally some of your uncles, your cousins.
127) 3) dialog: Ruben, Benjamin and Moshe.
127) 5) dialog: When it came to killing Germans, even we didn't have such a fierce appetite for it. (beat) There's some opinion that you should be punished for what happened in Beirut.
127) 7) dialog: I'm in business with death. Do you think I'm squeamish? Papa pats Avner's cheek.
127) 8) dialog: The world has been rough with you, with your tribe, your family. It’s right to respond roughly to such treatment - Papa puts his arm across Avner's shoulder and walks him towards the car. When Louis is within earshot:
127) 9) dialog: You pay well and you pay promptly, so we'll continue together, but no more infractions.
127) 11) dialog: You remind me of myself at your age. Louis hands Avner the mask and gets into the car.
127) 13) dialog: A few andouvillettes and some boudin noir, black blood sausage, and a Loire cheese, Selles sur Cher, they cover it in ash to preserve it.
127) 15) dialog: You could have been my son. Louis winces slightly. Avner’s embarrassed.
127) 16) dialog: But you're not. Remember that. We'll do business. But you aren't family. Papa walks away. ‘The car drives off.
156) 0) text: Avner, Robert, Louis and Papa are seated, food in front o them. Only Papa is eating. Robert is drinking.
156) 1) dialog: You should have had the boeuf a la catalane, it's what they do best here, they're from the coast. (to Louis: ) You have the parcel? Louis puts a wax paper parcel tied with green twine on th table. Papa pushes it towards Avner.
156) 2) dialog: Pork sausages with garlic and pistachios.
156) 7) dialog: For which you pay nothing. We're giving you this. You understand why?
156) 9) dialog: We inhabit a world of intersecting secrecies. We live and we die at the places where those secrecies meet. That's what we accept. Yes? We buy information for you from your enemies. This alerts them. You're not the only people looking for names.
156) 12) dialog: “The race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong. But time and chance happens to them all.
156) 15) dialog: ",..As the fishes that are taken in an evil net, as the birds that are caught in a snare -”
156) 17) dialog: Evil falls suddenly. Who can say when it falis?
187) 0) text: Papa is pitting prunes, phone propped against a shoulder, alone.
187) 1) dialog: How is your father? He's well? Your family is well?
189) 1) dialog: I'm sending you a parcel of sausage and cheese. Real cheese, the kind you can’t get in America -- it isn't “pasteurized,” so it doesn’t taste like shit. it's a pleasure to hear your voice again. I think about you, with concern. Do you believe me? 268 269 270 156.
190) 1) dialog: Avner? You believe me, Avner? Avner is startled.
190) 3) dialog: of course I do. Listen to me, it’s important. No harm will come to you from me. Avner. I will never lie to you. Papa hangs up. Avner puts the receiver back in place. He leaves the phon booth. Slowly he shakes his head, “no,” reaching a hard decision.