52) 0) text: It's a handsomely furnished apartment, solid furniture. C Hans, and Steve and Robert are meeting for the first time Everyone’s dressed casually except for Hans, who wears a and tie. Behind them is a table set for dinner. Avner emerges from the kitchen, wearing an apron, carryin large steaming brisket on a tray.
52) 8) dialog: I make toys.
52) 11) dialog: After the Six Day War, I joined Mossad because I needed to do something, you know? For my people. When my son came along I thought, well. I’ve made a new Jew.
52) 13) dialog: Mazeltov! e@ CARL AND HANS ROBERT Mazeltov! That’s wonderful! When?
52) 15) dialog: Think we’ll be done by then? Silence. Eating. No one wants to talk about this.
52) 20) text: 53 36. STEVE (cont'd) I mean, mazels on the baby and all that, that's just great but, but -- (to Robert) You make dolis, in a toyshop, and (to Hans) You shop for sofas and (Carl) I don’t know what you do --
53) 2) dialog: How do we find our targets?
56) 0) text: A one-room apartment, windows tightly shuttered, though golden Roman afternoon light is leaking in. There are several mattresses on the floor, and street maps, surveillance photoes, documents, newspapers lie scattered about. Avner, Carl, Hans, Robert and Steve, dressed in th clothes they’ll wear during the hit, are kneeling on the floor in a circle. Cari holds four straws in his fist. Avner watches; the others draw straws. They compare. Robert has the shortest straw. The others look at him. He looks away, unhappy.
62) 6) dialog: He said yes already, he -~ 66 46.
63) 0) text: Hans, Robert and Avner are seated on sacks of soil and fertilizer on the floor of the van. Gardening supplies an ornaments are ail around them, swaying as the van drives through Roman streets. Everyone inside is adrenalated and freaked out.
63) 8) dialog: 
63) 12) dialog: 
64) 0) text: Several hours later. A waitress is serving food. Awful bouncy Italian music is piped in. Hans, Steve, Avner and Robert are drinking wine, a little sloshed. There are no other customers. Hans is poring over a pile of small pieces of paper -- receipts. Steve drinks, happy; Robert is drunker and glum Avner is tense, watching the door, waiting for something. Carl comes in, looking very tired. This is what Avner was waiting for. Carl sits next te Avner. The others watch.
68) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve, in overcoats, suitcases behind them having just arrived, are standing behind a couch on which Avner and Robert are seated. They're watching the television.
68) 1) dialog: A Lufthansa jet was hijacked coming from Damascus. The hijackers demanded the release of the three killers who survived Munich. The Germans agreed. Instantly. They're free. See? They're in Libya now. 52. 722K cUT TO: 772A The television screen, which shows an enormous crowd of people in Tripoli gathered to welcome the three fedayeen. 72 CONT ‘aT TO: 72 CONT'D.
68) 10) dialog: Was the attack in Munich justified?
68) 18) dialog: Oh, Damn! Doctor, may I, please, your telephone, may I... I must call my editor, I'm sorry --
70) 0) text: Steve, Carl, Robert and Avner, dressed in France Telecom repair uniforms, Steve at the wheel. They watch Mme Hamsh and Amina drive away, , on their way to Amina's school. 76 55.
71) 0) text: No one's home. Suddenly the front door pops cpen, Robert forcing it slightly, a bent wire in the lock. Carl stands behind him clutching a valise, very very gingerly.
71) 1) dialog: You don't have to baby it, it can't go off unless I push... Robert takes a bakelite box with a teggle switch on it ou his pocket. He flicks the switch. Carl drops the valise. Robert catches it.
71) 2) dialog: And the switch only works after someone picks up the receiver.
71) 4) dialog: Sorry, sorry...
71) 16) dialog: I’m done.
71) 18) dialog: I see the light, I flip the switch. And... well, you know. EXT. PHONE BOOTH, AROUND THE CORNER FROM HAMSHARI’S APART
72) 0) text: Hans, Robert and Steve watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina driv away. Steve looks up the street at Avner at the kiosk. Avner, looking up at Carl, takeé his hat off.’
72) 3) dialog: I don‘t know, I... we'll see, probably it’1ll be OK. 775
72) 8) dialog: It’s a powerful radio, um, thing, it, it’s fine, I think. While Avner and the others are talking, they don't see Mm Hamshari’‘s car, on the other side of the truck has come down the street, in reverse. Amina gets out of the idling car and runs back into the apartment building.
78) 0) text: The indicator light on Robert's remote lights up. Robert starts to move the tape off the toggle switch. He can’t g the tape off. EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT - MORNING TI Avner runs towards the Fiat. Behind him, across the stree Carl has dropped the receiver and is running as well acro the street towards the Fiat.
79) 0) text: Robert is fumbling, having trouble getting the tape off t detonator switch. Steve and Hans are anxiously watching h INT. IN THE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~ MORNING TTP Amina is holding the phone. 779
80) 0) text: Robert has peeled the tape off and puts his thumb on the switch. Suddenly Carl and Avner appear, pounding on the car’s closed windows. Hans reaches over and stops Robert' thumb with his hand. Carl and Avner are frozen, pressed against the windows. Avner draws his hand across his throat, meaning “abort.”
82) 0) text: Hans Robert and Steve inside the van and Carl and Avner outside on the pavement watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina dri away. The other four all turn to Avner, who looks up at t Hamshari apartment.
84) 0) text: CLOSE UP on a child’s wind-up toy, a tin clown which roll a ball across a tabletop, moving beautifully till it lose its balance and falis over. Robert, thoroughly wretched, picks up the toy, pries it open and tinkers with the weig inside. Steve's watching TV and flipping through a magazine. Avne is grinding herbs in a pestle, preparing dinner. Hans is again working on the receipts. It’s silent. Carl arrives.
97) 1) dialog: The KGB brings him home every evening. (MORE)
97) 2) text: ROBERT (cont'd) He turns on the light, he undresses, he turns off the light, he gets into bed. We blow up the bed.
97) 5) dialog: £ al-Chir sleeps in his closet we're in trouble. If he gets into bed, his weight arms the device. When we see his lights go out, I wait a bit, hit the remote and...
98) 0) text: Steve is holding up the mattress of the bed, sweating und its sagging weight, while Robert, on his knees, is carefu placing the bombs, in their frame, under the mattress, an wiring the detonators to a wire that dangles out over the bedframe with a lightbulb on the end of it. Carl guards t door, gun drawn. A light knocking outside on the door. Everyone freezes. C opens it and admits Avner.
98) 7) dialog: (concentrating, not listening: ) It won't, no. Robert helps Steve lower the mattress very slowly onto th bomb. Avner and Carl watch, not breathing. The mattress i now resting on the bomb. Rebert checks the lightbulb. It’ dark. He smiles, nods. He motions to Steve and they raise the mattress again. He makes adjustments on the bomb.
98) 12) dialog: Now someone has to test it.
98) 14) dialog: Lie on the bed. If the bomb’s placed correctly the bulb will light. So who wants to test it?
98) 16) dialog: It won’t blow up. (a beat) Prove that you trust me. One of you, get in the bed.
101) 0) text: Glass and plaster and stone rain down on the street, boun off a car in which Steve and Carl are sitting. Robert. and Hans are in the car behind Steve and Carl‘s c Hans driving, Robert holding the detonator. The car lurch forward, preparing to drive off as planned. 119 120 It screeches to a stop amidst the rain of debris as Carl jumps out of the first car. Carl slams his hand on the ho of Hans’s car.
104) 4) dialog: The plastique wasn't what I asked for, it couldn't have been the grade I specified, someone changed the markings on the explosives.
104) 13) dialog: The plastique was much more ..spowerful than what I requested. Someone changed the label.
107) 0) text: Ephraim, still in his coat, is standing amidst the team, which is busy, everyone working like clockwork preparing dinner. Avner is in the kitchen, assisted by Hans, simmer a gravy, making spaetzle over a boiling pot, chopping dil Steve and Robert are setting the table, while Carl select and pours wine like a sommelier. ,They’re.now a family, domesticated, concentrated, everyone knows what Avner exp of them. Ephraim watches, awkward, out of place, intrigue
108) 0) text: The team is digging in: sliced lamb, a big bowl of boiled potatoes, mint jelly, noodle soup, rolls, wine etc.. Ephr has the place of honor and his coat’s off now, but he sti looks uncomfortable and out of place, picking at the food Next to Robert, sitting incongruously on the table, is a little crane, exquisitely detailed, with a claw hammer dangling from it. Ephraim glances at it from time to time everyone else ignores it, used to it.
108) 8) dialog: Oh: It’s just a ~-
108) 44) dialog: I think she's Leni Reifenstahl. The lady upst~-
108) 48) dialog: If she turns out te be Leni Reifenstahl can we kill her? Ephraim looks around the table, furious. Without a word h stands, grabs his hat and coat and leaves.
108) 50) dialog: I think our careers ended when we accepted this job. Don’t you think? You heard him: No one knows we're here. No one will ever want to know. I think my life ended when I took this job.
110) 0) text: Robert drives, Avner beside him. In the seat behind them, four Commandos, silent, huge, squeezed in uncomfortably. Another commando in the back is preparing Uzis. One of th commandos, disguised as a woman, early 30s, is stuffing h grenades into his bra. This is Ehud Barak, the squad lead
110) 5) dialog: You brought a lot of guns.
111) 0) text: The other rental cars and the truck are waiting, with the xest of the commandos, the old man and woman from the tru the other drivers -- all Mossad agents -~ and Steve. The Plymouth station wagon and two other cars pull up behind apartment building. The commandos pile out. The Plymouth's tailgate is opened and the Uzis are handed out. Steve goes to Avner and Robert...
129) 0) text: Avner, Steve and Robert, carrying a duffel bag and a smal suitcase, are standing in front of a derelict building, t crummiest on a block of really crummy warehouses; they‘re looking in disbelief at the address.
129) 2) dialog: I've had nightmares that look like this.
130) 0) text: A large and utterly derelict apartment. It's unfinished a abandoned. Cinderblock walls, cement floor, dank. It's unfurnished, except for a small transistor radio, a few rickety chairs, a couple of crates and two stacks of old mattresses -- a pile of five, and a pile of four ~~ each tied with hemp. Carl counts the mattresses, while Hans is putting cartons of take-out food on one of the crates. Robert is sitting on the floor, carefully wiring together four squat, dinged-up, rust-spotted cylinders, hooking th up to a remote-controlled fuse, and then placing the contraption into a small suitcase, surrounding each devic with newspaper to prevent jostling. Four more of the cylinders, more decrepit than the ones Robert's working o sit nearby on the floor. Steve and Avner watch him.
130) 1) dialog: (talking while he works) When they explode they’1l toss little white balls of phosphorus around his room. Each ball is like a little sun. It burns at around 5,000 degrees. The air catches fire, everything melts. The bad news is they're grenades. I’m altering them to use with a remote detonator. And also I should mention they're quite old, only four looked viable. We'll have to dump the rest. Robert puts the unusable four grenades in a canvas duffel 157
130) 8) dialog: ETA! ETA! Basque, Basque! 100.
130) 17) dialog: I'm ETA. (pointing to Carl and Hans) They're Red Army Faction. (pointing to Steve:) He’s ANC, Jurgen. Afrikaans. (pointing to Avner:) Bruno. He's from Hamburg.
131) 0) text: Hans and Robert, carrying a suitcase, watch a porter unio the door to a room. Robert, then Hans step inside. The porter tries to follow them in. Hans blocks the doorway.
131) 5) dialog: Let's go. EXT. DOWN THE STREET FROM THE HOTEL ARISTIDES — NIGHT 162 Two cars pulls up, about a hundred yards down the street the hotel. Steve gets out of one of them. He looks both ways. The street is empty. He takes out a pistol with a silencer and shoots out the street light nearest the car. Steve gets back into the car, driver's side, Hans in the passenger seat, Carl in the back with the duffel bag. They wait.
132) 0) text: Robert and Avner are inside, Avner at the wheel. They're waiting. They're not speaking. 164 165 166 105.
134) 0) text: Avner and Robert watch, slouched down, as Ali and another Palestinian from the safe house get out of the black Mercedes. Muchassi enters the hotel with the other Palestinians. The Russians stay outside.
134) 1) dialog: Do we detonate if the other Arabs go into the room with him?
136) 0) text: Avner and Robert watch the Russians, lounging near the ca chatting and smoking. The wait is agonizing. Finally a porter comes out the front door of the hotel. H lights a cigarette.
136) 2) dialog: Is he alone? How do we know he ~-
136) 4) dialog: Shit. Stupid shit piece of ~-
138) 0) text: Robert is pressing the remote. Avner grabs it from him an tries flicking the switch himself.
138) 2) dialog: We’ll have to go back and retrieve the explosives, I’m sorry, I, I don’t -- Robert spots Hans heading across the street towards the hotel. .
138) 3) dialog: What's he doing?
143) 0) text: The car is tearing through the city. Robert and Hans try unsuccessfully to subdue the cursing, struggling porter. Steve, driving, holds up his .22 and fires a shot through roof of the car. The porter stops struggling, but he’s erying and cursing Hans.
143) 5) dialog: 
143) 15) dialog: Shin Beit wanted bomb dismantiers, they pulled me from the army, a toymaker, they figured I’m good with small machines. After Munich, they asked if I could build bombs instead.
144) 14) text: Hans is bent over a desk, working fastidiously with razor glue, a small iron, colored inks and stamps he retrieves an open salesman’s sample case, altering passports and vi Robert sits near him, watching him work with interest. Ca and Steve are sitting. Avner is cleaning, checking and loading guns, a gun cleaning kit at hand, silent and remo from the others, brooding. Everyone’s frayed, exhausted.
144) 24) dialog: You can take my place the next time out.
144) 27) dialog: Since when?
144) 44) dialog: Let's find a pub. Who besides me needs a drink?
144) 48) dialog: Stop it! Goddamn it, stop Please, please, calm down, it! Both of you! calm down. Everyone's just... Just tired and --
156) 0) text: Avner, Robert, Louis and Papa are seated, food in front o them. Only Papa is eating. Robert is drinking.
156) 14) dialog: Ecclesiastes. "For a man knows not his time."
156) 16) dialog: “ -- so are the sons of men snared in an evil time...” Louis shows Avner another photograph. It's a grainy surveillance shot of Avner.
157) 0) text: The team is on a platform marked AMSTERDAM. Steve and Han climb on board. Avner starts to get on. Robert, who has been hanging back, waiting for this, grabs Avner's arm an stops him. Avner looks at Robert, confused. Then he steps back down onto the platform. Robert leoks at Avner, but neither speaks for a moment. Robert reaches out and smoot the lapel on Avner’s coat.
157) 1) dialog: {softly:} You’re going to kill her. Avner nods.
157) 2) dialog: We've killed nine men. And how many others died in Beirut? All this blood comes back to us. 206 132. Silence. Avner looks down the platform, up into the train
157) 4) dialog: We're Jews, Avner. Jews don't do wrong because our enemies do wrong.
157) 6) dialog: I don’t know that we ever were that decent. Suffering thousands of years of hatred doesn’t make you decent. But we’re supposed to be righteous. That’s what I was taught, that’s Jewish, that beautiful thing. That’s what I knew. Absolutely. And I think I've lost that. “Avner. I've lost that too.
157) 8) dialog: That's everything. I‘ve lost everything. My, my soul. A brief silence. Avner looks at Robert, who is looking do at the pavement.
170) 0) text: The cottage is a weird combination of explosives workshop toy repair shop, bomb parts and disassembled toys intermingled; on one table is a huge, elaborate war game, beautifully articulated toy soldiers with working parts facing each other across a splendid, painted battlefield. Robert is alone, coat hanging from a peg on the wall. He looks exhausted and sad. He's wearing plastic protective goggles. He's packing up the place, putting explosives, machinery in crates for detonation outdoors in the mornin He looks at his hands; they're trembling. He tries to war them, rubbing them together. They're still trembling. He removes his protective goggles and rubs his eyes. 139. He takes tools from a wall cabinet, then stops: he finds pouch of very old velvet. He removes it, opens it, and ta out a tallis and tefillin. He stares at these for a momen He sits. ‘Then slowly, tightly he binds the tefillin arou his left arm and his forehead. He covers his head with th tallis and begins to daven, reciting the Hebrew prayer fo travellers.
170) 1) dialog: May it be thy will, Oh Lord our God and God of our fathers, to conduct us in peace...
171) 0) text: Avner is holding the closet door open. No one is inside. He sits on the bed, hyperflexing his left hand, holding h gun in his right, not able to calm down, no idea what to with himself. He stands, slides a chair under the doorknob. He paces the floor of the bedroom. He hangs his gun, in its holster, near the bed. He carefu lifts the mattress to see if there's a bomb under it. Of course there isn't. He takes a pocket knife out of his pocket, opens it, lifts the mattress again and slits it o then searches the innards, looking for a bomb. Again, nothing. Robert's prayer is heard over the scene:
171) 1) dialog: ++. to direct our steps in peace, to uphold us in peace, and to lead us in life, joy and peace unto the haven of our desire. Oh deliver us from every enemy, ambush and injury by the way, and from all afflictions that visit and trouble the world. Send a blessing upon the work of cur hands. Let us obtain grace, lovingkindness, and mercy in Thine eyes and in the eyes of all who behold us.
172) 0) text: Robert finishes the prayer. 2100
172) 2) dialog: Hear the voice of our supplications. For Thou art a God who hears prayers and supplications. Blessed art Thou, Oh Lord, who hears all prayers. Robert folds up the tallis, takes off the tefillin, puts away. INT. AVNER‘'S BEDROOM, FRANKFURT SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT 2100 Avner is undressing. He sits on the bed. He reaches for the phone. Then he sto himself. He fishes for a swiss army knife and opens the screwdriver. With extreme care he lifts the phone, turns over, and delicately unscrews the bottom plate. It's a normal phone. Without putting the plate back on, he dials
173) 0) text: Robert has resumed packing. He picks up a toy ferris whee and winds it, sets it down and watches it spin around and around. He turns back to the wires and bottles and bricks plastic explosives. He picks up a timer.