9) 0) text: — AFTERNOON (STAGE .ICE/RINK). o All nine athletes are sitting on the floor, bound at the wrists and feet and to one another in groups of 3. The fedayeen stand around, holding onto their AK47s. Two of the fedayeen have been hurt: Salah(aka Afif Ahmed Hamid) has a bloody bandage wrapped around his head-- the a knife wound in his forehead. The left side of Badran’s face is a swollen gory mess, a punch having cut him and knocked out teeth. The television is on. Everyone’s watching Paolo pull a stocking mask over his head, pick up his gun and step out the room onto the balcony. They watch him through the window, leaning over the balco railing. His image simultaneously appears on TV. One of t fedayeen, Tony, notices the TV, nudges Abu-Halah, who loo at the TV. Then Tony turns to one of the athletes:
15) 3) dialog: We warned them, we said what would happen if there's any attempt, so maybe we have to do it.
47) 2) text: 49 50 51 33. At the top of the stairs he encounters one of the fedayee Salah, who is wearing a stocking mask. With great force Romano stabs Salah in his forehead. He screams, spraying blood, and staggers, the knife sticking straight out of h forehead. Romano runs into the room in which the first fi athletes are captive (Schorr Springer Shapira Shpitzer an Guttfireund). As Romano bursts into the room, covered in blood, he is confronted by Abu Hallah who fires killing Romano who fal heavily into the middle of the room, while the bound athl inside cower from the gunfire.
149) 3) dialog: You‘re fine, this is all good, everyone is doing what they should do.
193) 0) text: The helicopters are landing on the tarmac of the airport. 727 jet stands ready, ostensibly to take the fedayeen and their hostages to Cairo. Apart from a few spotlights, the airport and the runway are dark. The helicopters land. The door of one of the helicopters HAQU) opens, and Issa, Samir, Kader and Salah emerge, rif ready, crouching. Tony and Abu-Halah emerge from the second helicopter (D- HAQO). Issa and Tony move with great caution, away from t helicopter and towards the jet. Tony and Issa approach the jet. They stop, frozen for a moment. They can see that the plane is dark and there's n one in the pilot’s cabin. They suspect a trick. Issa and Tony turn back toward the helicopter. They begin to shout their comrades back at the helicopters. 241 242 243 244 Flood lights atop the building and all around the field b on, lighting up the runway. Then from the runway’s periphery, hidden snipers start firing. Abu-Halah and Salah are gunned down immediately. Paulo, Badran and Samir return fire. Bullets are being fi in all directions. Sniper fire hits Tony in the leg. Ther shouting and screaming. Issa runs hiding behind a helicop (D-HAQO) .