52) 0) text: It's a handsomely furnished apartment, solid furniture. C Hans, and Steve and Robert are meeting for the first time Everyone’s dressed casually except for Hans, who wears a and tie. Behind them is a table set for dinner. Avner emerges from the kitchen, wearing an apron, carryin large steaming brisket on a tray.
52) 3) dialog: (to Avner: )} You've done this before?
52) 5) dialog: Because I joined Mossad ten minutes ago and I’m, I want to kill every one of these pigs but -- so, so some of you have training in --
52) 10) dialog: (to Avner: ) Is it Ali Hassan Salameh? Is that our job? We're here to kill the guy who planned Munich, am I right? Everyone eats.
52) 19) dialog: Right, and you know how to shoot, e to assassinate people? Right? (MORE)
52) 20) text: 53 36. STEVE (cont'd) I mean, mazels on the baby and all that, that's just great but, but -- (to Robert) You make dolis, in a toyshop, and (to Hans) You shop for sofas and (Carl) I don’t know what you do --
52) 23) dialog: (to Avner:) So why’d they make you team leader?
56) 0) text: A one-room apartment, windows tightly shuttered, though golden Roman afternoon light is leaking in. There are several mattresses on the floor, and street maps, surveillance photoes, documents, newspapers lie scattered about. Avner, Carl, Hans, Robert and Steve, dressed in th clothes they’ll wear during the hit, are kneeling on the floor in a circle. Cari holds four straws in his fist. Avner watches; the others draw straws. They compare. Robert has the shortest straw. The others look at him. He looks away, unhappy.
60) 0) text: Carl emerges from the store, nods to Steve who is across street in a Flat, sitting next to a young Italian woman, looks bored. Steve nods back at Carl and drives off. Swaiter comes out of the store, carrying two brown paper with groceries. He walks down the street. Carl follows behind him. 64 65
61) 0) text: AR van enters the square. It pulls up next to a fountain the center of the square. Hans hops out. He looks around square. He spots Steve’s Fiat across the square, parked curbside by an apartment building. When Steve sees Hans get out of the van, he steps out of Fiat. Steve positions himself a few doorways away, steppi into the doorframe to strike a match, light a cigarette. bored Italian woman inside the Fiat drives away. Zwaiter enters the piazza with his groceries. As Zwaiter' entering, the van has moved from the fountain and is approaching the parking space previously occupied by the Fiat. As Zwaiter enters the building, Hans is stepping out of t van. Steve gets behind the van’s steering wheel and Hans takes up Steve's former position.
63) 1) dialog: 
63) 6) dialog: 
64) 0) text: Several hours later. A waitress is serving food. Awful bouncy Italian music is piped in. Hans, Steve, Avner and Robert are drinking wine, a little sloshed. There are no other customers. Hans is poring over a pile of small pieces of paper -- receipts. Steve drinks, happy; Robert is drunker and glum Avner is tense, watching the door, waiting for something. Carl comes in, looking very tired. This is what Avner was waiting for. Carl sits next te Avner. The others watch.
64) 9) dialog: Don't fuck with the Jews. I don’t know about the rest of you but I’m not celebrating, I’m goddamned rejoicing. Avner raises his glass.
68) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve, in overcoats, suitcases behind them having just arrived, are standing behind a couch on which Avner and Robert are seated. They're watching the television.
68) 2) dialog: (to Carl) No qualms about rejoicing on their side, huh? Look at that! They’re movie stars! {to Avner) We should go to Tripoli and kill them.
70) 0) text: Steve, Carl, Robert and Avner, dressed in France Telecom repair uniforms, Steve at the wheel. They watch Mme Hamsh and Amina drive away, , on their way to Amina's school. 76 55.
72) 0) text: Hans, Robert and Steve watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina driv away. Steve looks up the street at Avner at the kiosk. Avner, looking up at Carl, takeé his hat off.’
72) 1) dialog: Our leader has doffed his chapeau... M. Hamshari, the grim reaper is now dialing your number. EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~- MORNING 7 A large moving truck pulls up, completely cutting off the Fiat’s view of the apartment building. Avner runs down the street, past the truck, looking in at bored driver, who’s obviously settled in for a long stop; then he crosses the street to the Fiat.
72) 6) dialog: Go tell the truck, give him some cash and get him to move.
79) 0) text: Robert is fumbling, having trouble getting the tape off t detonator switch. Steve and Hans are anxiously watching h INT. IN THE HAMSHARI’S APARTMENT ~ MORNING TTP Amina is holding the phone. 779
82) 0) text: Hans Robert and Steve inside the van and Carl and Avner outside on the pavement watch Mme. Hamshari and Amina dri away. The other four all turn to Avner, who looks up at t Hamshari apartment.
84) 0) text: CLOSE UP on a child’s wind-up toy, a tin clown which roll a ball across a tabletop, moving beautifully till it lose its balance and falis over. Robert, thoroughly wretched, picks up the toy, pries it open and tinkers with the weig inside. Steve's watching TV and flipping through a magazine. Avne is grinding herbs in a pestle, preparing dinner. Hans is again working on the receipts. It’s silent. Carl arrives.
84) 2) dialog: (to Robert: } Why did you put a goddamned firecracker in that phone?! 33 94 95 96
84) 4) dialog: An Arab corpse. Robert goes back to his work, miserable. Hans works on th receipts. He finishes.
84) 6) dialog: If he's been eliminated. We should stick with guns.
84) 8) dialog: That only works when the bombs work. Robert stands abruptly, grabs his coat and heads for the door.
96) 2) dialog: Uh oh, waistline bulge, he has a gun.
96) 5) dialog: {mock horror) A mixed marriage! A shonde!
96) 7) dialog: Robert‘s making the bomb. They have nothing to fear.
97) 0) text: The curtains are drawn. Lights intensely illuminate Rober at a table wiring six bombs together. He has a checklist a hand-drawn diagram near him on the floor, which he cons as he wires. Steve, Hans, Carl and Avner are watching.
97) 4) dialog: Be sure to include that anecdote in your memoirs, Carl.
98) 0) text: Steve is holding up the mattress of the bed, sweating und its sagging weight, while Robert, on his knees, is carefu placing the bombs, in their frame, under the mattress, an wiring the detonators to a wire that dangles out over the bedframe with a lightbulb on the end of it. Carl guards t door, gun drawn. A light knocking outside on the door. Everyone freezes. C opens it and admits Avner.
98) 15) dialog: {to Robert: } Why don’t you test it? 116
101) 0) text: Glass and plaster and stone rain down on the street, boun off a car in which Steve and Carl are sitting. Robert. and Hans are in the car behind Steve and Carl‘s c Hans driving, Robert holding the detonator. The car lurch forward, preparing to drive off as planned. 119 120 It screeches to a stop amidst the rain of debris as Carl jumps out of the first car. Carl slams his hand on the ho of Hans’s car.
104) 2) dialog: Target number three. Outcome not in doubt!
104) 5) dialog: What does it matter, we got (to Robert) Black September’s contact What do you mean, someone with the KGB! changed the -- (to Steve:) Shut up, please.
104) 16) dialog: Whose fishing boat is this? Everyone looks at Avner.
107) 0) text: Ephraim, still in his coat, is standing amidst the team, which is busy, everyone working like clockwork preparing dinner. Avner is in the kitchen, assisted by Hans, simmer a gravy, making spaetzle over a boiling pot, chopping dil Steve and Robert are setting the table, while Carl select and pours wine like a sommelier. ,They’re.now a family, domesticated, concentrated, everyone knows what Avner exp of them. Ephraim watches, awkward, out of place, intrigue
108) 2) dialog: Abu Yussef! He’s like number three in the whole Palestinian network, it’s like Arafat, Habash and him! O£ course he’s significant, he’s the brains of the fedayeen! 80.
108) 4) dialog: Next to Salalmeh, Abu Yussuf’s the worst guy we’re after, right? And, and Adwan plans all the actions in the West Bank, right? We get the significance! These are serious targets! We want to go to Beirut.
108) 16) dialog: (Over Hans: ) (Over Hans:) We have to go to Beirut. Three names! We're good at It’s our information. It's this! We deserve this our job. chance!
108) 18) dialog: “Reasonably”?!
108) 20) dialog: The world forgot before the athletes were in their graves.
108) 33) dialog: Some of us were always eager. 83.
108) 45) dialog: She's not Leni Reifenstahl. (to Ephraim: ) He's not kidding, he thinks she's --
111) 0) text: The other rental cars and the truck are waiting, with the xest of the commandos, the old man and woman from the tru the other drivers -- all Mossad agents -~ and Steve. The Plymouth station wagon and two other cars pull up behind apartment building. The commandos pile out. The Plymouth's tailgate is opened and the Uzis are handed out. Steve goes to Avner and Robert...
111) 1) dialog: A lot of guns, huh? To shoot three guys. Avner nods, worried.
129) 0) text: Avner, Steve and Robert, carrying a duffel bag and a smal suitcase, are standing in front of a derelict building, t crummiest on a block of really crummy warehouses; they‘re looking in disbelief at the address.
129) 1) dialog: Louis's idea of a joke?
130) 0) text: A large and utterly derelict apartment. It's unfinished a abandoned. Cinderblock walls, cement floor, dank. It's unfurnished, except for a small transistor radio, a few rickety chairs, a couple of crates and two stacks of old mattresses -- a pile of five, and a pile of four ~~ each tied with hemp. Carl counts the mattresses, while Hans is putting cartons of take-out food on one of the crates. Robert is sitting on the floor, carefully wiring together four squat, dinged-up, rust-spotted cylinders, hooking th up to a remote-controlled fuse, and then placing the contraption into a small suitcase, surrounding each devic with newspaper to prevent jostling. Four more of the cylinders, more decrepit than the ones Robert's working o sit nearby on the floor. Steve and Avner watch him.
130) 3) dialog: Who provided these grenades?
130) 5) dialog: Yeah. Thank him for that. INT. THE SAFE HOUSE, ATHENS - LATE NIGHT i57 Food containers are strewn about. Carl, Hans and Avner ar fast asleep. Robert squeezes Avner's hand, gently. Avner opens his eyes. Robert makes a sign: Quiet. Steve is awak gun drawn. The door is opening. Avner draws his ‘22, and he and Steve move to either side the door. Robert picks up the suitcase and the duffel bag and steps behind Avner. Four Palestinian men come into the room: one about fifty, in their thirties, one of whom is the leader, named Ali, one in his early twenties. One of the older men is carryi groceries. Ali flips the light switch. The Palestinian carrying the groceries drops them as he and his comrades draw their guns.
133) 2) dialog: The Russians arrive in their pumpkin coach, and... A Palestinian man, Zaid Muchassi, comes out of the black Mercedes.
133) 3) dialog: Cinderella.
135) 0) text: Hans, Carl and Steve are watching the Russians.
135) 1) dialog: What are they doing?
135) 3) dialog: Why are the Russians waiting? Why don't they leave?
135) 5) dialog: I'm calm. Tell the goddam Russians to leave.
137) 1) dialog: Where‘s the explosion, it should have exploded by now, what's -~
137) 3) dialog: He screwed up again. What do we do? Hans reaches over to the back seat, grabs the duffel bag. 169 170 i7k 107.
143) 0) text: The car is tearing through the city. Robert and Hans try unsuccessfully to subdue the cursing, struggling porter. Steve, driving, holds up his .22 and fires a shot through roof of the car. The porter stops struggling, but he’s erying and cursing Hans.
143) 4) dialog: {to Robert) | Where did you gét your training?! Every fucking bomb, every one has gone wrong, it's lucky you haven't blown yourself to kingdom come!
143) 12) dialog: Holy shit. as does Steve
144) 14) text: Hans is bent over a desk, working fastidiously with razor glue, a small iron, colored inks and stamps he retrieves an open salesman’s sample case, altering passports and vi Robert sits near him, watching him work with interest. Ca and Steve are sitting. Avner is cleaning, checking and loading guns, a gun cleaning kit at hand, silent and remo from the others, brooding. Everyone’s frayed, exhausted.
144) 17) dialog: Salameh. You saw him? You followed him!?
144) 19) dialog: Salameh?
144) 21) dialog: Why didn’t you shoot him?!
144) 23) dialog: Were they armed? Then they’re not civilians. I'd have done it! If you'd ever give me have a chance to to actually shoot someone, I'm the only one who actually wants to shoot these guys!
144) 28) dialog: Yeah, why start worrying now?
144) 33) dialog: Why don’t you make a list of every single law, Carl, or, or...
144) 35) dialog: E’11 tell you what your problem is, habibi: These guys we're killing are dressed in expensive suits, this is London and not some ugly Arab village, and that disorients you.
144) 39) dialog: (Overlapping above:) But it’s the same old war we're fighting, over the same old scrap of desert.
144) 45) dialog: We’ve brought our war to Kensington and, and Copenhagen and it’s not like these European anti-Semites don’t deserve that! Until we learn to act like them we'll never defeat them.
144) 47) dialog: I think we have a double-agent in our midst. Pull down his pants, see if he's circumcised. 116. Carl suddenly goes for Steve. They knock into Hans’s tabl upsetting and ruining his work, spilling ink. Hans yells scrambles on all fours to rescue his documents while Avne and Robert get in between Steve and Carl, who keep strugg to get at one another.
144) 52) dialog: No. And know what? The only blood that matters to me is Jewish blood. What‘’s your problem? (to Avner: ) Nice job leading, by the way. Steve leaves the room, slamming the door as he leaves.
145) 21) text: you waiting for? The second American is laughing idiotically as Steve thro him off. Steve is ready to slug the third American when H returns.
145) 23) dialog: Shit! {to the Americans: )} Step back AWAY from us you --
145) 27) dialog: Goddamned asshole drunk Americans!
145) 29) dialog: Was it him, did you see if it It was Salameh! Of course i was Salameh? was him! God DAMN! Avner turns around again, suddenly. About 50 feet behind them, the drunk Americans are gettin inte a car. They no longer seem drunk. The first American smiles at Avner, winks and flips him the bird, then caiml gets in and the car speeds away, past Avner Steve and Han
157) 0) text: The team is on a platform marked AMSTERDAM. Steve and Han climb on board. Avner starts to get on. Robert, who has been hanging back, waiting for this, grabs Avner's arm an stops him. Avner looks at Robert, confused. Then he steps back down onto the platform. Robert leoks at Avner, but neither speaks for a moment. Robert reaches out and smoot the lapel on Avner’s coat.
159) 0) text: Jeanette is having coffee and a cigarette, wearing an old housecoat. Steve enters. Jeanette puts down her cigarette, carefully.
162) 0) text: Steve, Hans and Avner emerge from the houseboat and, look around, quickly go to their bikes, mount and cycle away.
165) 0) text: It's pouring rain outside, thunder, lightning. Avner, Ste and Hans are seated at the table. There are two empty pla -~- Avner's set the table for five -~ and a ridiculous am of food. Avner and Steve eat. Avner’s downcast and focusi on the food. Hans has a jumbled pile of receipts before h but he‘s not working on them, nor is he eating. He’s drinking, a near-empty bottle of vodka in front of him. Steve watches them both, feeling alone. 135. e mans And to dispatch our six dispatched targets, we must have spent something close toe two million dollars. Right?
165) 1) dialog: {te Avner, looking at the heaps of food:) You, uh, you've been cooking. Avner nods, not looking up, eating.
165) 2) dialog: (pointing to the empty places:) Were you expecting company? Avner stands, clears the two empty places,
165) 13) dialog: There‘s enough here to feed Bangladesh. Stop drinking and eat something. HANS . I keep seeing the Dutch woman, you know, sprawled out like that. It’s not that I wish we hadn't killed her, But... {to Avner:) I wish I'd let you close up her housecoat.
165) 14) dialog: Well, you weren't yourself. Avner eats. Hans drinks.
166) 2) dialog: I went to Hans's flat, over the, um, antique shop, just to check up, he was so... Anyway, he’s gone somewhere. I waited. All night. He hasn't come back.
167) 2) dialog: He walked here every night, he... Avner searches Hans's pockets, retrieving a wallet, an Austrian passport, a gun.
167) 4) dialog: Who walks in a park at night? Maybe he was a homo. I don‘t know anything about him. Steve sits on the other side of Hans.
167) 6) dialog: He's selling us, he ~-
167) 8) dialog: This is ... awful. I'm... I’m going to check on, um, tell Robert. He should know, we have to be careful, we...
178) 0) text: The house in nearer. Egyptian music can be heard. still lying flat in the grass, Steve's looking through ni vision binoculars at large glass doors through which a va library can be seen.
178) 1) dialog: Shit. It's like a fucking fun house. He hands the binoculars to Avner, lying beside him. Avner looks. Avner stops, looks through the binoculars at the large gl doors of the room next to the library.
178) 3) dialog: Can you tell how many?
178) 9) dialog: Too many Men. We’re gonna get killed. They hear a sound of someone walking on gravel coming fro the garden behind them. They go completely flat and roll deeper into the shadows. Avner leaves the binoculars on t grass. They unsling their rifles and release the safeties A man is standing with his back to them, taking 4 leak. H has a kalashnikov slung across his back. Avner sees the binoculars in the verge of the terrace. He taps Steve, and points. Steve mouths a silent "shit" then starts to inch towards binoculars. The peeing man is finished, he’s zipping up h fly. Steve's elbow snaps something dry in the grass. The man wheels around. It's a teenage boy, fourteen or fifteen years old. The boy sees Avner and Steve. He start to fumble for his kalashnikov. Steve is already on his fe taking aim, Avner close behind him. 250 145. Steve fires, then Avner, one bullet knocking the kid off feet, the other hitting him in the eye, making his head explode. His body topples back into the bushes. Avner and Steve hear shouts coming from inside the house. Someone in the dining room flings the door opens and call out something in Arabic. They crouch, edging back into th shadows. Suddenly there's a burst of machine-gun fire, sending stone and gravel and dirt flying. Steve starts to run back towards the shore. Avner catches his arm, spins him around and drags him in the opposite direction. Avner runs in this direction, and Steve follow As they approach the main gates Avner trips, stumbles, cutting his face. He sits there, stunned. Steve hauls him his feet and they resume their run to the gate. Avner fires at the center of the locked gate while Steve turns and fires several rounds into the blackness behind them.