9) 0) text: — AFTERNOON (STAGE .ICE/RINK). o All nine athletes are sitting on the floor, bound at the wrists and feet and to one another in groups of 3. The fedayeen stand around, holding onto their AK47s. Two of the fedayeen have been hurt: Salah(aka Afif Ahmed Hamid) has a bloody bandage wrapped around his head-- the a knife wound in his forehead. The left side of Badran’s face is a swollen gory mess, a punch having cut him and knocked out teeth. The television is on. Everyone’s watching Paolo pull a stocking mask over his head, pick up his gun and step out the room onto the balcony. They watch him through the window, leaning over the balco railing. His image simultaneously appears on TV. One of t fedayeen, Tony, notices the TV, nudges Abu-Halah, who loo at the TV. Then Tony turns to one of the athletes:
9) 1) dialog: Everyone's watching. Everyone in the world. The athletes also turn from watching out the balcony to watching the image on TV. (PLAYBACK ~~ STOCK FOOTAGE)
15) 2) dialog: It's going to happen, they're coming in.
15) 5) dialog: Go talk to them, go tell them to get back or something bad will happen.
45) 1) text: Tony, Badran, Paolo, Kader and Samir are rousting out of Berger, Tsobari, Slavin, Halfin, Romano, on crutches, and Freedman. Weinberg, face bleeding and bandaged with a sca is leaning against a wall.
48) 1) text: Tony, Kader and Paulo drag the body of Moshe Weinberg out the sidewalk. They drop his corpse face-down on the sidew They run back into the building.
55) 0) text: Andreas and Avner are sitting at a table with Tony, a tou looking Italian man, mid-40s, very serious, plates of pas in front of them.
55) 1) dialog: Hiding? The Arabs aren't hiding. Munich was a big success for them.
55) 3) dialog: They got everyone’s attention. They're recruiting, Making plans. Give me a few names. Avner hesitates. They stare at one another. Andreas is ignored. _. TONY. on , . I can’t help if I don’t know who you're trying to find. We'll have to trust. You have to cross the line. {makes a little “come to me” gesture, leans in:) I trust you. You carry cash and you don't make speeches. Nowadays, everyone makes speeches. Like our friend Andreas. Talk talk talk. Tony gives Andreas‘s face a gentle slap. Andreas tries to pretend not to be insulted.
55) 4) dialog: So name me an Arab.
55) 7) dialog: Forget Salameh. Too hard. 42.
55) 9) dialog: Sixty thousand per name. Dollars.
55) 11) dialog: If it isn't good it doesn't cost. Wael Zwaiter’s here. In Rome. He just translated "The Arabian Nights” into Italian. Tomorrow there’s a reading. He’s broke. He has a retarded niece he calls every day in Damascus.
55) 13) dialog: {to Andreas) We need to talk alone. Tony indicates Andreas should leave. Andreas looks to Avn who looks back at him, blank.
55) 14) dialog: {to Avner) And also maybe you need people to help with your work, cars, vans.
55) 20) dialog: Anything you need. We provide. Avner turns back to Tony, thinking. He nods.
65) 0) text: A small side street in the Marais. Tony and Avner are standing outside a shop, waiting. Louis, a Frenchman, slightly younger than Avner, arrives foot. Tony introduces the two. It’s all quite friendly. Tony whispers something to Louis, then gets into @ car waiting by the curb. The car drives off. Louis takes Avner’s arm and leads him away.
149) 2) dialog: You're doing beautifully, really beautifully, just keep moving and don’t stop.
149) 6) dialog: Shut up, OK? We'll just get on the bus, OK?
152) 0) text: Yaakov Springer stumbles, and he falls against Abu-Halah, clumsily grabs to keep the athlete from falling. They bot fall in an embrace. Abu-Halah disentangles himself while comrades shout at him. Abu-Halah, as he starts to stand, is laughing nervously; his laughter turns to terrified sobbing. The captives and the captors watch him losing it Tony and Paulo step in, shove him aside, reach down and w angry, frightened viclence haul Springer to his feet.
193) 0) text: The helicopters are landing on the tarmac of the airport. 727 jet stands ready, ostensibly to take the fedayeen and their hostages to Cairo. Apart from a few spotlights, the airport and the runway are dark. The helicopters land. The door of one of the helicopters HAQU) opens, and Issa, Samir, Kader and Salah emerge, rif ready, crouching. Tony and Abu-Halah emerge from the second helicopter (D- HAQO). Issa and Tony move with great caution, away from t helicopter and towards the jet. Tony and Issa approach the jet. They stop, frozen for a moment. They can see that the plane is dark and there's n one in the pilot’s cabin. They suspect a trick. Issa and Tony turn back toward the helicopter. They begin to shout their comrades back at the helicopters. 241 242 243 244 Flood lights atop the building and all around the field b on, lighting up the runway. Then from the runway’s periphery, hidden snipers start firing. Abu-Halah and Salah are gunned down immediately. Paulo, Badran and Samir return fire. Bullets are being fi in all directions. Sniper fire hits Tony in the leg. Ther shouting and screaming. Issa runs hiding behind a helicop (D-HAQO) .