0) 0) text: ANNIE (20) stumbles out the front door of her parent's lakeside home. She's in her pajamas, - wearing red pumps. moves with urgency and a primal fear. She looks back as she runs, turning onto the street. We hear the screen door open and close again. Annie slows down, a few houses down. She stops and turns towards her home, standing in the center of the street. Street lamps and oak trees line the block. It's quiet. Annie stares ahead - seeing something - she starts to back up. One step. Then another. Click of heels on concrete. Slowly, tracking backwards, Annie remains focused on some - fearful. We see nothing. Nearby, a young couple, pulling groceries from their car notice Annie walking in the street. The WOMAN steps towar the sidewalk - concerned.
0) 3) dialog: No. The woman shrugs to her husband and turns away. Annie turns - aware of something closing in. She continue stepping backwards. A door opens. ANNIE'S FATHER steps onto his front porch, frazzled. He looks around and sees Annie in the street.
0) 5) dialog: I'm fine, dad. (CONTINUED)
0) 8) dialog: Nowhere. Annie looks back to her dad and the open door. She sprint forward, rounding her imagined chaser. Annie races across the lawn towards her father.
1) 0) text: Annie drives down a dark street - with wild abandon. The radio is on. Her cell phone rings from inside her purse on the passeng seat.
2) 0) text: Annie's car is parked at the edge of a beach. The driver' side door is open. The headlights are on. Near the water, Annie sits alone in the wet sand, facing car. A ring tone chimes - muffled through the cloth of her pur She stares. Focused. Terrified. Annie looks ahead at the shadow-filled horizon of sand. L night mist flows across the beams of her car headlights. Reaching into her bag, Annie grabs her cell phone and pre a button. She's nearly crying as she holds the phone to h ear. (CONTINUED)
2) 3) dialog: Dad? Hi. I love you... She listens - watching her surroundings. The water contin to splash lightly behind her.
2) 4) dialog: I know. I know. I just wanted you and mom to know how much I love you. Annie stares ahead. We see her point-of-view - headlights beaming down across the sand, illuminating her footprints dark trees shift and sway. We hold on this frame, even as Annie continues to speak..
2) 5) dialog: I'm sorry I can be such a shit to you sometimes. I don't know why I do that. Just know that I love you, ok? I just really... love you both...
3) 0) text: A hard-cut reveals... Harsh morning sunlight on the sand and lake. Peaceful sou Annie is laying along the shore. Her body is pale and sti She's dead. Her jaw hangs open - head slumped to the side Blue lips and face - covered with bug bites. Her leg is twisted back - violently rotated in its socket - a piece bone visible near the knee’s twisted skin. Her red pump dangles from her foot, over her chest. Legs open. Somethi awful and provocative. Water or something viscous has soaked her pajama bottoms, creating a small wet circle in the sand near her waist. A seagull pulls at a piece of skin near her toes. Cutting back to the now familiar POV shot facing the car the trees, we see two young kids looking at the body. A s and her younger brother. They stand, looking down - almos frozen by the sight. The little boy holds a kite in his h In the sunlight, it might be possible to distinguish Anni footsteps leading down from her open car door, the childr footsteps leading up to their current position, and a thi set of footprints at the far left of frame. This third se leads up to Annie and then recedes back into the treeline The waves continue to roll.
92) 0) text: Starting the car, Jay sees a young woman, Annie, walk pas Greg and the others - staring at her from a distance. Greg is shouting - trying to calm everyone down. Jay continues to cry - not loudly - just streams of involuntary tears. She throws the car into gear. Kelly runs from the side of the house, spotting her siste the car.