24) 0) text: GREG, Jay's handsome neighbor, pulls a beer from the frid and rounds the hallway. (CONTINUED)
24) 3) dialog: What happened?
39) 0) text: A man lectures at the front of the class. Chalk marks fil the board, along with the printed notation of "Fall Semes Sociology". 20 or so young adults sit throughout the room at desks an chairs - shorts and t-shirts fail to fend off the humidit Jay writes notes by pencil at the far edge of the classro The large windows to her right show the adjacent square. Jay bites on the edge of her pencil as she stares out at campus. The heat is visible. Sweat forms on her skin. She fans herself with a book. Greg sits on the opposite side of the classroom - near th back. He glances over at Jay - watching her with concern curiosity. Students walk lazily along the pathways near the square. watches them walk. The teacher's voice fades from her ear A few people relax on blankets in the grass - sharing foo talking. Jay sees an OLD WOMAN IN PAJAMAS walking very slowly - emerging from behind a row of trees. She focuses on the w as she hobbles along. The old lady steps directly across the blankets of studyi students, passing between couples without notice. She sta with her mouth open, looking directly at Jay. Jay takes a breath and watches with frightened eyes. The old woman walks closer and closer to the building, mo past some shrubs - approaching the windows. Jay tenses up. She stands awkwardly, grabs her bag and wa out of the classroom. (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: Greg sits with a pretty girl in his open garage, smoking joint. They're flirting - his hand on her leg. Greg notices Jay pedaling the kid's bike into the street. watches, puzzled, as she rides off. Paul emerges from the front door.
55) 16) dialog: What the hell's going on? Jay struggles to find a response.
55) 17) dialog: Are you ok? Jay nods. Paul glares at Greg - unnoticed.
55) 19) dialog: Shit. Did you call the police? Jay shakes her head no.
55) 21) dialog: Where do you wanna go? Jay exhales - looking up at Kelly.
55) 23) dialog: The person who broke into your house?
55) 26) dialog: What did he really do to you? (CONTINUED)
55) 29) dialog: (quiet) Ok. The gang stands around in silence - amidst the quiet park Greg turns and starts to walk away. Jay notices him walki off.
55) 31) dialog: No, I'm getting my car. Somebody's gotta drive, right? Greg jogs off. Kelly and Jay sit down on the edge of the merry-go-round looking out at the shadowy park. The sky h nearly achieved its pre-dawn blue.
56) 0) text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Y and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers. The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods bec poorer - more decayed and urban. Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down t street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself unnaturally. Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfec divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole. They pass him and continue on.
57) 0) text: Greg's car pulls up and stops in front of an old inner-ci house. It sits alongside an overgrown field with a distan view of the towering Renaissance Center. Early morning fog drifts across the face of the brick building. (CONTINUED)
59) 0) text: The camera pushes forward through a dark hall. Tiny beams of morning light shine through the covered win Large swathes of shadow obscure the details of the dim sp A dusty mist fills the air. Piles of debris rest on the coffee table. Couch cushions flipped. The television is face down on the floor. Jay and Greg walk cautiously into the dark living room. Moving to the curtain-covered bay window, Jay stares at a collection of cans, bottles and bells that hang from stri across the entire length. She runs her hand over the primitive alarm. Clink Clink jingle jingle. Greg discovers a similar string of cans and bells across smaller side window.
64) 0) text: Standing on the counter, Yara digs through the upper cabi using her cell phone to illuminate the junk inside. Greg nearby, looking up at her legs. Admiring. Yara peeks into the cabinet. Pushing aside a dusty row of mugs... A cockroach runs out and scampers across her hand.
67) 0) text: Down a long, locker-filled hallway, Greg and Jay walk tog towards the main office. A few kids pass them, walking to class - dodging work.
69) 0) text: Through the glass we watch as Jay and Greg speak with a c of school employees. The photo sits on the counter betwee them. One woman grabs a large book from a shelf, opens it and f through pages as a man types slowly on his old computer. watches. Jay stops and turns, looking out past us and the camera, scanning the area - she is constantly on guard. Jay turns back and listens as the woman talks. The camera pans again, back towards the window. Outside, the couple are still kissing behind the tree. A YOUNG WOMAN WITH RED HAIR is walking towards the buildi carrying a backpack. A few teen girlfriends cross the window, laughing and chatting.
70) 0) text: Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kids waiting for their parents. Yara sleeps on Kelly's shoulde Greg and Jay open their doors and hop into the front. The high school building is visible through the front win (CONTINUED)
70) 4) dialog: Yup.
70) 7) dialog: (shaking his head) Jeff Redmond.
71) 0) text: Greg's car pulls up in front of a large upper-middle-clas house on the more rural edge of the county. Well manicure lawns enhance the neighborhood's stature. Jay climbs out of the car and walks up to the front door. friends pile out of the car and stand around it, like a r gang from a B-picture version of "West Side Story". Jay rings the bell and waits. She looks down the street - watching the empty road. The door opens and a friendly middle-aged woman in a rump shirt and "mom jeans" greets Jay. MRS. REDMOND smiles and looks to her. (CONTINUED)
72) 12) dialog: Fuck you. Jeff does nothing in return. He has tears in his eyes.
73) 11) dialog: Bullshit. Total fucking bullshit. Jay pulls apart the blades of grass within her palm - fix on the tiny details of the plant.
73) 18) dialog: This isn't real. I promise you the whole thing is some fucked up game. Jeff looks at Jay - her melancholy profile - down-turned. her shoulder, he finally notices the teenage soccer girl walking in his direction - still far away. The camera zoo on the girl. Jeff is clearly distracted and frightened.
73) 20) dialog: Watch it. Jeff glances back to the soccer girl. She strolls lazily across the lawns. A bit closer.
73) 25) dialog: Jeff? I don't believe you... (CONTINUED)
73) 29) dialog: She might, but I think you're a liar. This is some fucked up shit you're - (doing to her). Jeff interrupts -
74) 0) text: Greg drives - staring at the dark road ahead. Yara snores the passenger seat - an open bag of potato snacks on her (CONTINUED)
74) 4) dialog: Yeah?
74) 6) dialog: She won’t even know.
74) 8) dialog: I love coming up here. My dad used to take me hunting a couple times a year. It’s not like super nice, but it’s cool. Kelly nods and smiles, leaning closer to Jay.
75) 0) text: Greg's car drives up the scenic, northern stretch of I-75 Giant stretches of forest and clear lakes line the road. The sun rises higher over the trees.
76) 0) text: Greg's car arrives in front of a lake house surrounded by fields. Beyond the house is a medium-sized lake. The gang start to climb out, stretching in the morning su Greg unlocks the door and steps inside.
78) 0) text: Greg unlocks the door to a shed behind the house. He pull metal case from the dusty shelf. Inside, he finds a small HANDGUN and some bullets. Greg closes the case, and tucks it under his arm.
79) 0) text: Greg stands next to Jay as she fires the handgun at a far row of canned goods and mini cereal boxes. He helps to adjust her aim. Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shots ri out and echo. Yara reads from her phone. Paul seems irritated.
79) 1) dialog: It sucks sticking around after everyone's gone, huh?
79) 3) dialog: I'm right across the street you know.
81) 0) text: Yara dives underwater, kicking her feet above the surface Loud splashes. Kelly holds on to the anchor-rope, floating calmly on her back. We notice Greg glancing over at Kelly, treading water wit beer in hand. Jay swims alone. Drying his face with a towel, Paul watches her from the b
86) 0) text: A grey mist has settled over the area. Jay relaxes on one of the lawn chairs in the center of th field - near the lake. A breeze tussles her hair. She app calm, but sad. Kelly, Greg and Paul lounge around her - some on the wet - others in chairs. Paul stares lovingly at Jay. She watches the horizon. Behind Jay - over her shoulder - we watch as Yara steps f the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road. Yara walks closer. Paul looks off - into her direction. Greg notices Kelly's leg - stretched across the grass. Sh sees him checking her out. His warm eyes cause her to loo away - more from shyness than anything else. (CONTINUED)
86) 15) dialog: Will you guys tell me what's goin' on?! The real Yara rushes through the shallow water and helps up. She pulls her towards the lake house as Paul manages stand, backing away from the center of the field - terrif and unsure how to help. Kelly runs after her sister. Jay keeps moving - glancing and pointing. Yara, or something that looks like her, follows. The gap widens, but the thing keeps coming. Slowly of course. Jay's friends and sister pass right by the thing as they to her aid. They see nothing.
87) 0) text: Greg is still far off - approaching along the edge of the clearing. We track behind him as he watches the odd sight Jay is backing away - screaming, pointing and staring at nothingness.
88) 3) dialog: (in distance) Stop shooting! ! Greg jumps up, arms in the air. He starts to come closer.
89) 0) text: As Greg moves toward Jay with his arms in the air, she ra her pistol once again. She fires several times - the bull coming right at us. Greg dives for cover. Jay steps back and pulls the front door closed.
90) 0) text: Jay locks the front door and slumps onto the ground. She starts to cry. Kelly tries to hold her but she can't be consoled. Paul lifts his shirt and sees a swollen red welt across h abdomen. Jay peeks up toward the front window. She sees a large ma looking in through the glass. He shuffles slowly to the s out of sight. Smash!!! There's a loud pounding from the front door. The wood sha It hits again. The banging gets louder. A foot breaks through the bottom of the door. The women scream. Paul jumps in fear. Yara watches as wood splinters from the center - seemingl without cause. Jay watches as the foot kicks out a medium chunk of panel from the bottom of the door. The foot retracts and disappears. Silence - except for the soft crying within the room. The friends and siblings look to the door - waiting. Slowly... we push in... closer on the hole... Greg appears, looking in through the broken door - his he tilted at an angle.
90) 1) dialog: What the hell are you guys doing?!
90) 6) dialog: What did you do to the door?!
90) 8) dialog: There's nothing out here!
90) 10) dialog: (O.S.) Greg, did you kick the door? What the fuck... son-of-a... Was it you? Silence. We hear only Jay, Kelly, Yara and Paul, breathing deeply. Frightened and labored breaths. Outside... it's quiet.
90) 16) dialog: What is going on?!! Jay pushes past him, moving outside.
90) 18) dialog: (muttering to himself) What the fuck... Yara is crying on the floor, while Kelly stands shaking - shock. Greg marches past them.
91) 0) text: Jay runs to the car, fumbling with the key fob, unlocking door. As Jay climbs into the driver's seat, Greg emerges from t front door of the lake house. He inspects the crack in th door.
92) 0) text: Starting the car, Jay sees a young woman, Annie, walk pas Greg and the others - staring at her from a distance. Greg is shouting - trying to calm everyone down. Jay continues to cry - not loudly - just streams of involuntary tears. She throws the car into gear. Kelly runs from the side of the house, spotting her siste the car.
92) 4) dialog: Where are you going?! That's my fucking car!! The house, the friends and Annie recede into the backgrou Jay stares ahead in shock. Her hands are shaking on the steering wheel. The teenage girl presses down on the gas. She steers wide turning a corner in the road. Jay looks back over her shoulder. Panicked. Up ahead, a pickup truck begins to pull out from the intersection. Protected by a stop sign - nothing more. Jay is going too fast. Unable to stop. The truck tries to swerve. She pulls at the wheel, hitting the brake and cutting lef Losing control. She crashes hard into a bank of trees.
94) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes again... She sees her mother sitting in a nearby chair. The door i closed. Paul, Greg, Kelly and Yara lay around the room - scattere odd places: chairs, the end of the bed, the window sill. The television is on, but no one is watching it. It's not but a half-muted light source in an otherwise dim room. We hear voices - whispering around us. Nothing sounds rig
95) 0) text: We watch from outside. The camera tracks along the exterior of the hospital wind past the sleeping and the sick. A man on his deathbed. A women hobbling to the bathroom. A family laughing silentl behind glass. A child eating over a tray. We settle on Jay's hospital room - looking in - through t window from a distance. Greg leans over the bed, as Jay whispers something into h ear. A private moment. He nods and says something in repl We slowly move closer. A tiny, creeping dolly forward. They are alone. The room's door is closed. Greg takes her left hand and holds it. He kisses her and moves closer. Greg undoes his pants and pulls them down. Jay lifts the blanket up and pulls her underwear off. Greg climbs into the bed with her, touching her body. She pulls his boxers off and holds him with one arm - keeping cast off to the side.. Greg moves on top of Jay. She looks up at him as he posit himself inside her. Greg stares down at Jay's beautiful f
96) 0) text: Jay looks over Greg's shoulder to the closed door. She watches - waiting - as Greg makes love to her. Her head and face shake - rising and falling as the young moves faster - fucking her harder. Jay stays focused on the closed door - holding Greg in he arms.
98) 0) text: Greg eats a sandwich, fries and coke while chatting with girls at a table. Many people cross by. Greg laughs with his mouth half-full.
99) 0) text: Kelly rests on a small couch - magazines on her lap. Paul sits in a chair - watching across the hallway - look into Jay's room. He watches Greg smile and chat with her casually eating applesauce from Jay's food tray. Jay's face is partially hidden by the edge of the doorway Paul stares with obvious envy.
100) 2) dialog: Nothing. Greg takes another bite of applesauce.
100) 4) dialog: (eating) Yeah. I'm waiting. Looking. It's been 3 days... Jay nods her head - unsure.
100) 5) dialog: I don't think it's coming. Jay rests in her hospital bed. (CONTINUED)
100) 9) dialog: No. I believe you. Jay nods.
100) 10) dialog: I just don't think it's... following me. Jay stares at Greg. Worried.
100) 11) dialog: Isn't that good?
100) 14) dialog: It's just a car. He smiles and takes one more bite of applesauce - licking spoon.
104) 0) text: Kelly and Paul sit on the porch talking, drinking and listening to music. Near the garage - Yara is chatting wi someone on her pink cell phone. Greg walks out from his front door. He crosses the street approaches the gang on the porch.
104) 1) dialog: How are you guys? (CONTINUED)
104) 6) dialog: How's Jay? Greg looks in the direction of the house - where Jay is. shrugs her shoulders.
104) 9) dialog: Is it cool if I go in?
104) 11) dialog: I thought she'd be doing better. Greg looks towards the closed doorway. Kelly stares at hi waiting for something back.
104) 13) dialog: Yeah ok. Paul watches silently - a brooding stare from the corner the porch.
104) 17) dialog: Nope.
104) 19) dialog: We'll know sooner or later, right? Greg looks around - thinking about the possibility. He sc the empty street and the rows of manicured lawns extendin into infinity.
104) 21) dialog: Something happened, but... it's not what she thinks.
104) 23) dialog: I'll see you guys.
108) 0) text: Jay sits by her window in pajamas, watching the dark neighborhood. Empty yards. A car passes. Jay yawns - a hand over her mouth. Near silence. Some crickets. Jay sees Greg walking slowly down the sidewalk. He turns heads up the path to his house. Jay knocks on her window, trying to get his attention. Greg reaches the front door, but it won't open for him. Jay watches - a bit confused. Greg picks up a large stone and walks towards the front w of his house. Jay realizes something is wrong. She grabs her 80’s hands phone and dials Greg's number. It goes straight to voice- mail. Greg breaks the glass and begins to crawl into his home through the opening. Jay leaps up and stumbles out her bedroom door.
109) 0) text: Sprinting to Greg's front yard, Jay pounds on the door - at the handle.
110) 5) dialog: (O.S. - distant) Jesus, mom! I'm sleeping! Jay runs through a dark hallway reaching the base of the stairs. She goes up. INT. GREG’S HOUSE UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 116A Running up the stairs, Jay hears the sound of knocking - louder. A "tap tap tap" on wood.
110) 7) dialog: (from inside - groggy) What the fuck is going on? Fucking son- of-a...
110) 9) dialog: (groggy) What the fuck, mom? Mrs. Hannigan puts her arms around Greg. Her legs climb u feet clawing - wrapping herself around him. He falls back disappearing into the bedroom. Jay circles the doorway, looking in. She sees the woman straddling Greg, holding tightly as he convulses - his ey rolled back - revealing white and veins. A fallen lamp flickers and strobes. The room appears to shake. The mother pushes herself against Greg - bare legs - a lo robe - indecent. His hand struggles against hers - their fingers intertwined. (CONTINUED)
111) 0) text: Jay pulls out of her driveway wildly. She drives down the street as Greg walks out of his front door - staring at h