5) 0) text: Jay stands alongside her date, HUGH (21), waiting in a lo line to buy tickets. They stand under the marquee, lookin out at the street and the passing crowds. Hugh has a look of contentment on his face. The couple ki A woman behind them glares and makes a face - jealous and irritated by their public affection. They don't notice - us.
5) 3) dialog: No. What is it?
5) 5) dialog: (teasing) You're bored right now? Jay smiles and shakes her head in playful frustration.
5) 7) dialog: Alright, how do we play?
5) 9) dialog: Ok.
5) 11) dialog: Ok. I got one.
5) 13) dialog: Alright. Good luck. Jay looks around the crowds of people on the street. She zeroes in on a very large man with a long beard. (CONTINUED)
5) 16) dialog: No.
5) 18) dialog: Yeah, but he's not my pick.
6) 0) text: Waiting in line for popcorn with Hugh, Jay looks around t elegant lobby. She notices a well dressed, good looking g talking to a hot blonde in a short dress.
6) 3) dialog: Nope. She's not even cute. Jay rolls her eyes. Hugh is clearly lying about the woman attractiveness.
6) 5) dialog: Him.
6) 7) dialog: No. The son. How cool would it be to have your whole life ahead of you? Jay shrugs - thinking about it. (CONTINUED)
6) 13) dialog: I know. But look how happy that kid is. Plus, at that age you can go to the bathroom anytime you want. Total freedom.
6) 15) dialog: Exactly. I could never get away with that. Jay shakes her head and smiles.
7) 0) text: With popcorn and drinks in hand, Jay and Hugh take their seats. Jay starts to scope out the theater and nearby pat The organist plays an overture.
7) 3) dialog: How about the girl in the yellow dress?
7) 5) dialog: There.
7) 7) dialog: Right there. (CONTINUED)
7) 13) dialog: I'm sorry.
7) 15) dialog: I don't think I feel like watching a movie.
7) 17) dialog: I don't feel good all of a sudden. Hugh is fidgeting - sweaty.
7) 19) dialog: Um, let's just go to the car.
8) 0) text: Jay walks with Hugh towards the parking lot. She notices glancing back - looking for something. His demeanor has changed. Something is wrong.
8) 3) dialog: No. I just felt sick. I feel better being outside.
9) 0) text: Jay sits next to Hugh. He drives the car down the highway silent. Jay turns from Hugh and stares ahead. She buckles her sea belt and watches the road - unsettled.
10) 0) text: Jay sits across from Hugh in a cozy booth, looking out at street through a large window. They're eating Italian food. Jay smiles and leans forward, cat-like, stealing a sip fr Hugh’s wide glass of beer. Hugh glances outside. Jay touches his hand. A moment of flirting. Through a slow zoom, we move past the couple, focusing on distant intersection of pedestrians outside the window. T but visible, a poor working class family walk together al the sidewalk. The kids have ice cream. The parents smoke heavily. A tall and very thin man crosses the road, movin toward the restaurant - he coughs and hacks into his fore 11 12 13 13.
11) 0) text: Hugh's car is parked on the street near Jay's house. The are making out passionately. Mid-kiss, Hugh peeks out the window, looking into the dar night. Jay pulls away from the kiss and reaches for Hugh's pants zipper. He gently guides her away.
11) 1) dialog: I want to, but... Jay looks at Hugh - worried that she did something wrong.
11) 2) dialog: My stomach... still... Jay gets it. She smiles and nods.
11) 4) dialog: I'll see you soon?
11) 6) dialog: Bye.
16) 0) text: Hugh holds Jay's hand, leading her down a dark path into woods. A six pack dangles from his thumb. Still visible, car headlights shine through the trees. Moonlight casts a soft glow over the area. Hugh carries a small bag over his shoulder.
17) 0) text: Towels hang from an old log near a small lake - black and in the night - surrounded by trees. Hugh kicks off his boxers and wades into the water, gulpi his beer. He smiles looking back at Jay. She steps to the edge of the lake, happy and excited, though shyly coverin chest as she takes off her clothes. Jay grabs her beer from the mud and walks into the water, joining Hugh. She laughs as she steps deeper.
17) 2) dialog: It's better over here. Jay reaches Hugh and he pulls her closer, kissing her. Hugh watches the woods, while making out with the girl. H eyes are focused.
17) 3) dialog: Maybe we shouldn't. (CONTINUED)
17) 7) dialog: Me too, I just...
17) 9) dialog: I do. Jay kisses him harder, pressing closer - it's getting hea Hugh pulls back and looks around, watching the trees and clearing.
17) 12) dialog: Yeah?
18) 0) text: Jay has a bead of sweat along her forehead. She holds her arms tightly around Hugh in the back seat of the car. Jay breathes heavily, her body pulsing from very recent s aerobic activity. Their clothes sit in a pile along the f of the car. A tiny smile crosses her face as she sits resting on Hugh lap. They breath in unison. Rising and falling together. Jay grins as she kisses Hugh's ear. Hugh looks ahead with cold and frightened eyes. Something on his mind. Something isn't right. He hides his face amongst Jay's post-coital affection. 19 20 20.
19) 0) text: The old Ford sits at the back of a dark, dirt lot. Woods an old factory surround the car. We watch from a distance faint silhouettes move within the vehicle. One of the back doors opens and Hugh climbs out, pulling his boxers. He walks around the car and opens the trunk. Partially obscured, we wait as he attends to something at back of the car. The clinking of bottles and junk. The sound of a beer can opening.
21) 0) text: Jay looks around the old factory floor. A giant open spac lit dimly by moonlight and distant street-lamps. Several stories up, treetops line the windows. Hugh walks along the far edge of the space, waving a flashlight out windows and down long running hallways. Jay half-focuses her eyes. She takes a few deep breaths. The girl is drowsy - still under the chemical spell of an inhaled narcotic. Looking down, Jay sees her arms and legs tied tightly to wheelchair. She squirms and pulls but she can't move. Her body isn't fully responsive. Hugh looks back from across the warehouse floor.
21) 1) dialog: Jay? Are you awake? Jay stares across the darkness at Hugh as he slowly walks over. She tugs lightly against the rope and cloth bonds. eyes sag within their sockets. Hugh stops in front of her. He leans down and looks at he face. He looks frightened. His eyes are watery. His face red - like he's been crying.
21) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. Jay tries to talk. Drool edges out the crease of her mout
21) 6) dialog: I'm not gonna hurt you. Don't worry. Jay stares at him with deep fear. Hugh turns and shines his flashlight into the darkness. H scans the room. Jay watches. She opens her mouth as if to yell, but it's nothing but a hollow gasp - a mimic of a dry heave. Hugh shushes her with a gesture and continues waving the of light around the warehouse.
21) 7) dialog: You won't believe me, but I need you to remember what I'm saying. Jay stares in fright.
21) 8) dialog: 
21) 10) dialog: This thing... Hugh looks around the room slowly.
21) 11) dialog: ..-It's gonna follow you. Jay eyes Hugh with growing concern. This is getting worse Hugh points his light towards a distant doorway. It's emp Jay pulls against her ties - trying to get free.
21) 13) dialog: Somebody gave it to me. I passed it to you... back in the car. Jay's eyes widen - terrified.
21) 14) dialog: It can look like people you know... or it can be a stranger in a crowd... whatever helps it get close to you. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
21) 17) dialog: I see it. Jay cranes her neck up trying to look out the far-off win She sees nothing. Hugh runs over and wheels Jay's chair towards the window. looks out and down towards the adjacent field. It's dark, she catches a glimpse of a middle-aged, naked woman slowl walking around the corner of the building. Jay's eyes show fear and shock.
21) 19) dialog: You can get rid of it. Sleep with someone else as soon as you can. Just pass it on. If it gets you, it'll come after me... you understand?
21) 25) dialog: Jay, I'm doing this to help you... so you know it's real. Hugh points his flashlight at the woman as he circles clo to her. Hugh stands along the edge of the woman's path, waving slightly in her direction. She doesn't look at him - only Jay. Jay shakes in her chair, pulling at her restraints. She stares up at the naked woman - still over 50 feet away.
21) 30) dialog: Never go anywhere that doesn't have more than one way out. It's very slow, but it's not dumb. Jay looks down at her bare legs and the passing floor. He eyes are heavy.
23) 26) dialog: (pointing back at the ground) Don't let it touch you! Slamming his door shut, Hugh drives off, revealing Jay in middle of the road. Still tied and bound in her underwear crawls toward the curb - trying to walk.
66) 0) text: Under some crumpled and stained tissue paper, Paul discov small stack of porn magazines. He lifts them and sits on the edge of the bed, sifting th the various covers. He selects one and casually flips through the magazine - perusing a nude woman's pictorial. Jay enters the bedroom and sees him. She shakes her head moves to the bedroom's far window. It's taped over with newspapers and comic book pages. A few tears allow some morning light into Hugh's grim-looking sleep quarters. Jay peeks through a hole in the comic book page, looking at the nearby field. She sees a homeless man walking thro the tall grass. He disappears behind a tree. Jay backs aw quickly, bumping the string of cans with her arm. Paul turns another page and finds a loose photo wedged in He pulls the picture out and examines it.