3) 1) text: JAIME "JAY" HEIGHT, a pretty 19 year old girl, relaxes in hot tub - sipping a cola. Droplets of sweat dot her cheek forehead. A breeze pushes a swarm of white dandelion seeds through air, swirling past the young woman's face. Jay stares up at a couple of birds hopping along the tele wire overhead. She smiles as they hop and peck - sharing food. A squirrel races along the wire causing the birds to fly Jay looks down - stretching her arms out in the hot water She looks at her hands and legs immersed in bubbles. The bright sun reflects against the surface. Something irritates her shoulder. Jay turns her head and at her upper arm just above the water. She sees a tiny re moving toward her elbow. She watches it closely for a moment, then lowers her arm the water, dispelling the tiny insect in a swirl. The glass door slides open - KELLY, Jay's 17-year-old sis leans out from the doorway in her summer clothes - it’s a Indian Summer.
3) 3) dialog: What's up?
3) 5) dialog: Thanks, I'm going out actually.
3) 7) dialog: Yeah. Kelly swings a bit - hanging onto the door handle. She fl her hair up with a goofy smile and looks to her sister.
3) 10) dialog: Yeah me too. Kelly steps inside and slides the door half-shut. Across the backyard fence, Jay notices movement in the neighboring yard. Looking closely, she sees two pairs of eyes peeking out f pile of lumber. The NEIGHBOR BOYS spy on her through the link fence. A couple dumb little kids - ages 8 and 11. Jay gives them a dirty look and points.
3) 11) dialog: I see you. The boys duck down out of view.
3) 12) dialog: Don't you have a video game to play or an animal to torture? Jay slides deeper into the tub. She holds her mouth just above the surface of the water.
4) 0) text: Jay walks inside, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet. In the adjoining living room, Kelly sits with her friends watching a bad comedy. They're sprawled across the furnit On tv: a man talks with his English-speaking dog about th woman he loves. The dog offers bad romantic advice. PAUL, 17, eats cheese curls on the lounge chair. YARA, 17, is slumped into the couch cushions with her leg across the coffee table; a pair or glasses on her nose. S reads an ebook on her pink-shell-compact smartphone, stil managing to laugh at the television. Jay stops alongside Kelly and watches a moment of the mov Jay smiles and waves to Yara, who glances up just long en to see who's around.
4) 1) dialog: What are you reading?
4) 4) dialog: Is it good?
4) 7) dialog: (smiling at the bunch) Hey Paul. MRS. HEIGHT, Jay's mom, drinks wine and smokes in the din room - chatting on the telephone. Laughing.
4) 12) text: Jay adjusts her blouse in the mirror. She looks at hersel admiring and critiquing. Leaning close to her reflection, she puts on her make-up. A polaroid on the mirror shows her drinking a beer with P at a dark indoor swimming pool - much younger. Dirty clothes hang from chairs or sit in piles along the floor. Old dolls boxed in a corner. A scuffed and dirty yearbook. Things covered in dust - all bathed in the gree orange haze of summer light through curtains and a nearly imperceptible post-adolescent mist. Jay moves a lock of hair across her forehead - finessing placement - being picky. She laughs at herself and blows a gust of air up - causin bangs to flip. From across the room we watch the rest of the scene: Jay walks to her dresser and grabs a pill bottle from ato She opens the plastic container, pops out a pill and swal it. No water necessary. Jay sets the bottle down and re-examines her outfit and s in the mirror. A pose - how does my ass look? Ok. A coy glance at herself. A funny bug-eyed face. A raspber from buzzed lips and exhaled air. We hear a deep rumbling as the camera pushes in towards t mirror, moving tightly on Jay's lips as she covers them i dark pink lipstick.
5) 0) text: Jay stands alongside her date, HUGH (21), waiting in a lo line to buy tickets. They stand under the marquee, lookin out at the street and the passing crowds. Hugh has a look of contentment on his face. The couple ki A woman behind them glares and makes a face - jealous and irritated by their public affection. They don't notice - us.
5) 1) dialog: You ever play the "trade game"? (CONTINUED)
5) 4) dialog: It's a people watching game. My sister and I used to play it when we were bored.
5) 6) dialog: (stern but loving) No. Shut up. Let me finish.
5) 8) dialog: OK. You start by watching the crowd - casually scope out the people around us. Hugh turns and looks at the people at the rear of the lin then toward a group near the lobby.
5) 10) dialog: Now without telling me, pick one person that you'd like to trade places with. It could be anybody. For whatever reason. Hugh nods and scans the crowd. Jay does the same.
5) 12) dialog: So now I get 2 guesses to figure out who you picked and why you want to trade places with ‘em.
5) 15) dialog: Him. Jay giggles and points casually at the big man. Hugh look and laughs, shaking his head.
5) 17) dialog: You could pick up cars and throw them if you were that guy.
6) 0) text: Waiting in line for popcorn with Hugh, Jay looks around t elegant lobby. She notices a well dressed, good looking g talking to a hot blonde in a short dress.
6) 1) dialog: That guy. Hugh shakes his head - no.
6) 2) dialog: I figured you'd wanna sleep with the hot blonde.
6) 4) dialog: Ok. Who was your trade? Hugh looks over at a couple standing by the stairs with t little boy - feeding him movie theater junk food.
6) 6) dialog: The dad?
6) 12) dialog: Come on. It's not like you're an old man. You're 21.
6) 14) dialog: Yes, he's probably taking a shit right now.
7) 0) text: With popcorn and drinks in hand, Jay and Hugh take their seats. Jay starts to scope out the theater and nearby pat The organist plays an overture.
7) 1) dialog: Ok. My turn. Jay looks around, turning back to see the rear of the the
7) 2) dialog: I got mine. Hugh smiles as he eyes the surrounding crowd - enjoying t game. Jay watches with anticipation.
7) 4) dialog: Where?
7) 6) dialog: Uh... I don't see her.
7) 11) dialog: Are you teasing me? Hugh looks at his date and begins to realize she's not kidding. His face changes. He stares back at the walkway focused on something or someone unseen by us.
7) 12) dialog: Hugh, I'm sorry I just don't know who you're talking about, but that's not who I picked... Jay's smile starts to fade.
7) 14) dialog: No. What's wrong? Hugh glances back quickly, starting to stand up.
7) 16) dialog: Why? What's going on? Hugh sets his drink down. Jay stares at him, looking for explanation.
7) 18) dialog: Oh. Well we don't have to watch the movie. You need to go home? Hugh turns his head and looks to the back of the theater. stares. Jay notices but doesn't say anything.
7) 20) dialog: Ok. (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: Jay walks with Hugh towards the parking lot. She notices glancing back - looking for something. His demeanor has changed. Something is wrong.
8) 1) dialog: Did you see somebody that made you wanna leave? Hugh shakes his head.
8) 2) dialog: Like an ex-girlfriend or something? You said there was a girl in a yellow dress. Was it someone you knew?
9) 0) text: Jay sits next to Hugh. He drives the car down the highway silent. Jay turns from Hugh and stares ahead. She buckles her sea belt and watches the road - unsettled.
10) 0) text: Jay sits across from Hugh in a cozy booth, looking out at street through a large window. They're eating Italian food. Jay smiles and leans forward, cat-like, stealing a sip fr Hugh’s wide glass of beer. Hugh glances outside. Jay touches his hand. A moment of flirting. Through a slow zoom, we move past the couple, focusing on distant intersection of pedestrians outside the window. T but visible, a poor working class family walk together al the sidewalk. The kids have ice cream. The parents smoke heavily. A tall and very thin man crosses the road, movin toward the restaurant - he coughs and hacks into his fore 11 12 13 13.
11) 0) text: Hugh's car is parked on the street near Jay's house. The are making out passionately. Mid-kiss, Hugh peeks out the window, looking into the dar night. Jay pulls away from the kiss and reaches for Hugh's pants zipper. He gently guides her away.
11) 3) dialog: Ok.
11) 5) dialog: Yeah.
11) 7) dialog: Bye. Jay climbs out and jogs up to her front porch, pulling ou keys. Hugh drives off with a wave.
12) 0) text: Jay drives her car along the crowded I-75 expressway - in the city. Detroit is grey and flat. A radio DJ comments on the Indian Summer.
13) 0) text: With backpack over shoulder, Jay walks along the half emp path. Campus buildings loom. Old architecture resting on broken sidewalks. 14 15 14.
14) 0) text: Jay eats fast food alone at a table. She watches other students pass through the large modern corridor. Jay chews and looks down at her drink. A paper cup. A plastic lid. A straw. The chatter mixes together into a blur of voices.
15) 3) dialog: Mom knows you smoke.
15) 5) dialog: Or she'll steal your cigarettes. Kelly shakes her head. Jay takes a sip from her drink. She looks out at the gree lawns and clean suburban stretch ahead of her.
15) 10) dialog: Good. Mostly. He was acting kind of weird last night.
15) 12) dialog: I don't know. He said he wasn't feeling good, but it seemed like something was on his mind. Kelly exhales - stepping down the street. Jay looks at Kelly starts An old woman animal as it
15) 14) dialog: No. I know he wants to... but last night... he seemed different. to laugh at her sister.
15) 16) dialog: He's not. I mean, I don't know for a fact, but... no.
15) 18) dialog: I don't know. approaches, walking her dog. The girls pet the passes.
15) 20) dialog: Yeah. The woman walks on and the girls resume their journey hom
15) 21) dialog: You're still... ? (CONTINUED)
15) 25) dialog: You haven't... ? Kelly looks at Jay - then finally understands what she's getting at.
15) 27) dialog: Whenever.
15) 29) dialog: What about Paul?
15) 31) dialog: It'd be like fucking my step-brother. Kelly starts to laugh.
15) 36) dialog: You smell like cherry coke, banana nicotine.
15) 38) dialog: Mom's gonna love it. Kelly slurps her drink - making a funny sound through the straw. Jay smiles - walking through her sunny neighborhoo looking around at the street she grew up on.
15) 39) dialog: It's weird still being here. It’s like... everybody else went away to school, but me.
15) 41) dialog: I'm not sure I even want to. It's all kind of useless isn't it? I mean, degrees don't get people jobs. At least not good ones. Look at mom.
15) 43) dialog: She won't let me stay here if I don't. Kelly waves back. Jay simply nods to him - walking along avoiding too much eye contact.
15) 45) dialog: Ok. I'll visit. (CONTINUED)
16) 0) text: Hugh holds Jay's hand, leading her down a dark path into woods. A six pack dangles from his thumb. Still visible, car headlights shine through the trees. Moonlight casts a soft glow over the area. Hugh carries a small bag over his shoulder.
16) 1) dialog: Where are you leading me? Hugh turns and shushes her nicely - a finger to his lips. Jay smiles and keeps walking, sticking close to her date. They move deeper and deeper into the dark and foreboding forest. A bird calls from a craggy and deadened tree. Jay peers i the dark as something scampers by. Hugh looks around as he walks - always turning and watchi
17) 0) text: Towels hang from an old log near a small lake - black and in the night - surrounded by trees. Hugh kicks off his boxers and wades into the water, gulpi his beer. He smiles looking back at Jay. She steps to the edge of the lake, happy and excited, though shyly coverin chest as she takes off her clothes. Jay grabs her beer from the mud and walks into the water, joining Hugh. She laughs as she steps deeper.
17) 1) dialog: The bottom feels gross.
17) 6) dialog: I want to.
17) 8) dialog: You like me?
17) 10) dialog: What? Nobody's here. Hugh nods. She's right, but he keeps scanning the woods. Peeking around. Jay watches him - puzzled and ready - she raises her brow.
17) 11) dialog: Let's go to the car. More kissing.
17) 13) dialog: Yeah. Hugh nods as he rubs his hands over Jay's back. She moves with him - their energy and tension increasing.
18) 0) text: Jay has a bead of sweat along her forehead. She holds her arms tightly around Hugh in the back seat of the car. Jay breathes heavily, her body pulsing from very recent s aerobic activity. Their clothes sit in a pile along the f of the car. A tiny smile crosses her face as she sits resting on Hugh lap. They breath in unison. Rising and falling together. Jay grins as she kisses Hugh's ear. Hugh looks ahead with cold and frightened eyes. Something on his mind. Something isn't right. He hides his face amongst Jay's post-coital affection. 19 20 20.
19) 1) dialog: It's funny, I used to daydream about being old enough to go on dates and drive around with friends in their cars. Some viewers might notice the absence of a license plate.
20) 0) text: Jay lays across the length of the back seat, resting on h stomach. She kicks her heels up playfully as she pokes he head out the open door. We hear the trunk close. The sound of footsteps.
20) 1) dialog: I had this image of myself holding hands with a really cute guy, listening to music on the radio and driving along a pretty road... maybe somewhere up north... after the trees started to change color. Opening the opposite rear door, Hugh crawls inside the ca laying across Jay. He kisses the back of her neck. Caress the side of her bare waist. Jay grins as Hugh kisses her. She rests her cheek on the leather seat. Deep and slow breaths.
20) 2) dialog: It was never about going anywhere... just having some kind of freedom I guess. Now we're old enough, but where the hell do we go right? Then with force and quickness - (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: Jay looks around the old factory floor. A giant open spac lit dimly by moonlight and distant street-lamps. Several stories up, treetops line the windows. Hugh walks along the far edge of the space, waving a flashlight out windows and down long running hallways. Jay half-focuses her eyes. She takes a few deep breaths. The girl is drowsy - still under the chemical spell of an inhaled narcotic. Looking down, Jay sees her arms and legs tied tightly to wheelchair. She squirms and pulls but she can't move. Her body isn't fully responsive. Hugh looks back from across the warehouse floor.
21) 3) dialog: Whuuuttt aarrhhh youuhhh doingggggg? (CONTINUED)
21) 12) dialog: (with a gasp) Hellllppppppp. Hugh turns and looks at Jay's pretty face.
21) 18) dialog: Whhhoooo isss?? Hugh wheels Jay back to the center of the room.
21) 20) dialog: No. Jay starts to cry. Hugh shushes her. The room is quiet. Hugh looks around - listening. They wait - longer still. We see Jay's eyes in close-up as she watches. We see her point-of-view: empty halls and dark doorways. Nothing still. Then... There's a shuffling sound from a distant hallway. Hugh po his light into the darkness. (CONTINUED)
21) 23) dialog: Whooo isszzz atttehh? The naked woman, still far away, creeps along staring at
21) 24) dialog: Whudddda fucckk d'youu wannnttt??? The woman contorts the muscles in her mouth - oddly - revealing teeth and tongue. She continues walking forward Jay cringes and looks to Hugh.
21) 26) dialog: Ehhhhh. Noooo... The middle-aged woman opens her mouth again, straining th muscles in her throat.
21) 27) dialog: Huuughhhhh! Another step closer. And another. Hugh runs across the room and spins the wheelchair around pushes Jay down the darkened hall as the nude woman follo behind. Jay stares ahead in shock - passing rotting walls and rus industrial equipment. (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: GREG, Jay's handsome neighbor, pulls a beer from the frid and rounds the hallway. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Jay is mid-conversation with a police officer. She sits, covered in her blanket, looking across at the man.
25) 2) dialog: Yeah. Jay looks back at the policeman - her eyes are tired and
25) 6) dialog: No. Jay shakes her head and touches her legs - focusing on he fingers stretched across her bare knees - losing herself thought.
25) 8) dialog: Not inside, but I know where it is. I waited in the car for him once. He didn't want me to come in. He said he was embarrassed about where he lived. The cop nods as he writes in his notebook.
26) 0) text: Jay is in an emergency room partition. A doctor examines her - performing a test for STDs. Jay lays there - sad and still. Her breathing is loud and - each inhalation shown in labored slow-motion. Pronounce anxiety through Jay's eyes. The camera begins to shake as it pushes towards the bed. hollow rumble fills the soundscape...
27) 0) text: Mrs. Hannigan drinks coffee at the table across from Jay' mom. Mrs. Height takes her time pouring some sugar into h own coffee. She mixes in some Irish liquor and takes a si There's a long sigh after the drink.
35) 0) text: Jay rests in her bed. The wind blows steadily against the window. (CONTINUED)
36) 0) text: Jay stares at her body in the mirror - looking down as sh lifts the top edge of her underwear. She inspects herself Did I catch something? Shallow breathing - from fear. Examining under the bright light. A terrible rumbling begins. The bass and reverberations f the room... Jay looks down. Dirty clothes hang from chairs and shower bars. The sun shines through the bathroom window. A large patch negative space sits between Jay and the glass. Is something outside? The open bathroom door looks into the bedroom. Mirrors suggest empty space and shadows - things out of view. We wait for something to emerge. Smash!!! Jay jumps from fear as a ball thumps against the bathroom window. Taking a moment, she walks slowly towards the window. Jay peeks outside and sees a ball sitting in the grass be No one is visible outside.
38) 0) text: Jay walks along the main path with her backpack - staring the edges for something unknown. (CONTINUED)
39) 0) text: A man lectures at the front of the class. Chalk marks fil the board, along with the printed notation of "Fall Semes Sociology". 20 or so young adults sit throughout the room at desks an chairs - shorts and t-shirts fail to fend off the humidit Jay writes notes by pencil at the far edge of the classro The large windows to her right show the adjacent square. Jay bites on the edge of her pencil as she stares out at campus. The heat is visible. Sweat forms on her skin. She fans herself with a book. Greg sits on the opposite side of the classroom - near th back. He glances over at Jay - watching her with concern curiosity. Students walk lazily along the pathways near the square. watches them walk. The teacher's voice fades from her ear A few people relax on blankets in the grass - sharing foo talking. Jay sees an OLD WOMAN IN PAJAMAS walking very slowly - emerging from behind a row of trees. She focuses on the w as she hobbles along. The old lady steps directly across the blankets of studyi students, passing between couples without notice. She sta with her mouth open, looking directly at Jay. Jay takes a breath and watches with frightened eyes. The old woman walks closer and closer to the building, mo past some shrubs - approaching the windows. Jay tenses up. She stands awkwardly, grabs her bag and wa out of the classroom. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: The heavy door opens a crack. Jay peeks out - just an eye She sees a few college students chatting together near th of the hall. An administrator pushes an AV cart out of a nearby classroom. Jay opens the door the rest of the way and steps into the hall. She looks around as she makes her way down the long passage. She eyes classes in session. Jay runs her hand along the wall. A few more steps onward Far off - at the opposite end of the hall - Jay sees the woman walk very slowly into view. Jay swallows hard as her breathing quickens. She watches curiosity and fear as the old woman stares ahead and move closer. Jay stops and waits. The CHATTING STUDENTS, a few girls laughing and gossiping the middle of the hall, fail to notice as the old woman w straight through their semi-circle. Jay stares, puzzled over the lack of attention to the old woman in pajamas. Though still far off, the old woman keeps coming closer.
40) 1) dialog: Hello? The old woman doesn't respond. One of the chatting girls turns back and looks at Jay - g her a funny look. Do I know you?
41) 0) text: Jay walks past the Rackham "Bear" Fountain - kids throw pennies into the copper water. We follow behind her. She appears nervous - keeping her distance from others - scan the crowds. To her right, lions sprawl across the floor of their den. Giraffes step through the Egyptian exhibit as Jay crosses nearby walkway. EXT. CONCESSION STAND - DAY 42a Jay walks up to a large concession stand where Kelly and are working. In uniform, Kelly serves cups of cola and hotdogs to zoo- goers. Near the counter with supplies in hand, Paul notic Jay, and stops.
41) 2) dialog: I need to talk to my sister. Paul rests the food package against the counter. He sees look of anxiety on Jay's face.
41) 4) dialog: Uh huh. Jay nods but she doesn't convince him. (CONTINUED)
41) 8) dialog: Ok. Jay looks around at the passers-by. Her neck and eyes bet her nervous energy and bird-like jitters. Paul pulls his damp uniform away from his chest in an att to feel some sort of breeze.
41) 10) dialog: Yeah. Jay has sweat on her forehead and arms, but she seems unaffected.
41) 12) dialog: Thank you.
42) 0) text: Sitting in the underwater tunnel, Jay leans against the g rubs her temples and holds her face as she tries to relax Paul and Kelly watch alongside her.
42) 2) dialog: There was an old woman at school today. She was staring at me... it seemed like she was following me. Jay stares down the tunnel at a group of strangers. Eyein them carefully. Kelly tries to hide her worried face.
42) 6) dialog: No, but she freaked me out. I didn't even go back to class. A few children in silhouette stare through the glass at t swimming polar bears. They shuffle along in awe.
42) 8) dialog: Hugh told me that he passed it onto me. That something was gonna follow me. The light from the water adds a pulsing shimmer to her fa
42) 10) dialog: Yeah, I know. An enormous polar bear swims overhead - a passing shadow.
42) 12) dialog: I don't know.
42) 14) dialog: No.
42) 20) dialog: (together) No. Paul shrugs.
42) 23) dialog: Maybe on the couch. Kelly rolls her eyes as Paul grins from a minor victory.
42) 25) dialog: That's true.
43) 0) text: Yara sits on the toilet in her pajamas clipping her toena while chewing on a red vine. She appears focused. Jay and Kelly brush their teeth in front of the sink, lau to each other in the mirror. Kelly wears her old and tatt Amanda B’s Dance Team shirt. With toothpaste filled mouths...
43) 2) dialog: Did she say anything?
43) 4) dialog: I keep thinking that something must be wrong with me. Even right now, it feels like I'm ten feet away from myself. The walls seem far away. I don't even like looking across the room. I feel... overwhelmed. Yara continues clipping, tapping her nail-tool against th of a tiny waste basket.
43) 6) dialog: Will it go away? (CONTINUED)
48) 0) text: Jay's mom is asleep on her bed. She's sprawled across the crumpled comforter in her night robe. A bottle of wine and empty glass sit on the dresser.
49) 0) text: Changing into bedtime clothes, Jay glances out her window Across the alley, she sees the 11 year old neighbor boy s on her from his bedroom window. Jay jumps out of surprise. She covers herself and pulls t blinds down as the neighbor boy hides behind his own curt Bothered and momentarily frightened, Jay sits on the floo next to the window, listening to the television echo from hallway.
50) 0) text: We follow behind Jay as she carries her blanket and pillo down the hallway into the living room. Still awake and watching a midnight movie, Paul sits up a fixes his hair as the pretty girl plops down on the small love-seat across from him.
50) 1) dialog: I can't sleep - not in there.
50) 8) dialog: There's a reason for that. The pair crack smiles.
50) 10) dialog: Yeah.
50) 13) dialog: I don't know. I think we just grew apart, right? Or you and Kelly got close. It's not a big deal, is it?
50) 15) dialog: You were my first kiss, you know.
50) 17) dialog: Was I not yours?
50) 19) dialog: And you kissed Kelly. She told me. You kissed two sisters... that's kind of gross. Paul grins. * The monster in the movie shrinks and disappears under the electrical charge. * (CONTINUED)
50) 23) dialog: Yes. Jay shakes her head with a smile - silly memories. *
50) 25) dialog: Ridiculous. *
50) 27) dialog: We had no idea how terrible it was. Paul starts to laugh. *
50) 29) dialog: She scooped them up so fast. Called my mom too. Me and Kelly got a sex ed lecture the next day.
50) 32) dialog: Go look. (CONTINUED)
50) 36) dialog: Are you sure? You looked around?
50) 39) dialog: We should call the police.
50) 41) dialog: 
50) 45) dialog: (speaking to no one) Yeah. Jay sits alone on the couch. She pulls the blanket from h legs - adjusting on the small couch. (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: Jay hesitantly peeks inside the kitchen doorway. A HALF-NAKED YOUNG WOMAN, with a slight resemblance to Ja walks very slowly towards her. Small steps. She's missing her two front teeth, while urinating throug brown suede skirt. Dark circles around her eyes. A tube sock on one foot. Th other bare. Immodest and vulgar. Jay chokes on a scream and backs away. She knocks over some household nick-knacks as she crosses dining room. Rushing towards the stairwell - Jay runs up to the home's second floor. A mad dash.
52) 0) text: Jay reaches the top landing and races towards the large r room. Inside, she slams the door shut, locks it and backs towards the far wall. She breathes and listens. Footsteps. A knock on the door.
52) 6) dialog: It's in the house.
52) 8) dialog: I saw it.
52) 10) dialog: It's in the kitchen.
52) 13) dialog: Get in here. Jay waves them into the room. Once inside, she closes and locks the door. Kelly stands with arms crossed, while Paul sits on the ed a chair.
52) 17) dialog: I need water. Oh my god I need some water.
52) 19) dialog: No. Stay here. Jay shivers and holds herself.
52) 20) dialog: Is something wrong with me?
52) 22) dialog: Yeah, but I saw a girl in the kitchen. Jay pushes herself against the wall - almost in shock. Ke comes over and rubs her shoulder.
52) 24) dialog: You don't believe me.
52) 33) dialog: Don't open the door. Kelly opens the door revealing... Yara, sleepy-eyed and bored, stands in the doorway, holdi her glasses. She rubs the sleep from her eyes, while chew on a red vine dangling from her mouth.
53) 0) text: Jay pulls her arm away and steps onto the edge of the roo She stands, looking down. (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: Greg sits with a pretty girl in his open garage, smoking joint. They're flirting - his hand on her leg. Greg notices Jay pedaling the kid's bike into the street. watches, puzzled, as she rides off. Paul emerges from the front door.
55) 0) text: Jay rides the bike into the middle of the park. She stops an open area near the swings and an old spider-web jungle Rusted cartoon faces hover over the play area on the tops the gym's posts. The chains of the swings rattle in the wind. Jay steps off the bike and lays it down on the sandy grou She looks around at the open park. Large elm trees and di paths spread out around the grassy patches of the block. Jay watches for movement. It's quiet and still. She walks across the lot towards the swings and sits down nearly in shock - trying to calm herself - looking for something grounded and real. She starts to swing - very lightly. A young woman in paja alone in the night. (CONTINUED)
55) 5) dialog: (whispers) I'm really scared, Kel.
55) 7) dialog: (whispers) You can't tell mom. She'll freak out and she won't believe me.
55) 10) dialog: Do you see that? (CONTINUED)
55) 15) dialog: Greg?
55) 20) dialog: I don't want to go home.
55) 22) dialog: I need to find him.
55) 24) dialog: No.
55) 30) dialog: Are you leaving?
56) 0) text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Y and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers. The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods bec poorer - more decayed and urban. Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down t street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself unnaturally. Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfec divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole. They pass him and continue on.
58) 0) text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, lo around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards. As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking can a bell rattle. A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard. Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighb house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears. Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter
59) 0) text: The camera pushes forward through a dark hall. Tiny beams of morning light shine through the covered win Large swathes of shadow obscure the details of the dim sp A dusty mist fills the air. Piles of debris rest on the coffee table. Couch cushions flipped. The television is face down on the floor. Jay and Greg walk cautiously into the dark living room. Moving to the curtain-covered bay window, Jay stares at a collection of cans, bottles and bells that hang from stri across the entire length. She runs her hand over the primitive alarm. Clink Clink jingle jingle. Greg discovers a similar string of cans and bells across smaller side window.
62) 0) text: Kelly notices a crack in the wall of the bathroom. She ru her hand along the split in the dry-wall. Kelly applies s pressure and a large piece of wall falls away - revealing hole leading to the adjoining room. Jay peeks through the hole to her sister.
62) 1) dialog: He told me never to go into a room that didn't have more than one way out. Kelly shakes her head - surprised by the oddness of the situation.
66) 0) text: Under some crumpled and stained tissue paper, Paul discov small stack of porn magazines. He lifts them and sits on the edge of the bed, sifting th the various covers. He selects one and casually flips through the magazine - perusing a nude woman's pictorial. Jay enters the bedroom and sees him. She shakes her head moves to the bedroom's far window. It's taped over with newspapers and comic book pages. A few tears allow some morning light into Hugh's grim-looking sleep quarters. Jay peeks through a hole in the comic book page, looking at the nearby field. She sees a homeless man walking thro the tall grass. He disappears behind a tree. Jay backs aw quickly, bumping the string of cans with her arm. Paul turns another page and finds a loose photo wedged in He pulls the picture out and examines it.
66) 2) dialog: What?
66) 5) dialog: Lawson High School. Paul nods in agreement. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Down a long, locker-filled hallway, Greg and Jay walk tog towards the main office. A few kids pass them, walking to class - dodging work.
69) 0) text: Through the glass we watch as Jay and Greg speak with a c of school employees. The photo sits on the counter betwee them. One woman grabs a large book from a shelf, opens it and f through pages as a man types slowly on his old computer. watches. Jay stops and turns, looking out past us and the camera, scanning the area - she is constantly on guard. Jay turns back and listens as the woman talks. The camera pans again, back towards the window. Outside, the couple are still kissing behind the tree. A YOUNG WOMAN WITH RED HAIR is walking towards the buildi carrying a backpack. A few teen girlfriends cross the window, laughing and chatting.
70) 0) text: Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kids waiting for their parents. Yara sleeps on Kelly's shoulde Greg and Jay open their doors and hop into the front. The high school building is visible through the front win (CONTINUED)
70) 5) dialog: His real name's Jeff. In the distance, the young redhead with a backpack is vis walking towards the car. She's quite far away. No one see her.
70) 9) dialog: No. The redhead walks closer as Greg backs the car up and pul out of the school lot. No one sees her, except us (and probably only some of us). Paul sees Jay and Greg share a moment of eye contact. Gre rubs Jay's shoulder for comfort. Paul makes a face - slightly irritated.
71) 0) text: Greg's car pulls up in front of a large upper-middle-clas house on the more rural edge of the county. Well manicure lawns enhance the neighborhood's stature. Jay climbs out of the car and walks up to the front door. friends pile out of the car and stand around it, like a r gang from a B-picture version of "West Side Story". Jay rings the bell and waits. She looks down the street - watching the empty road. The door opens and a friendly middle-aged woman in a rump shirt and "mom jeans" greets Jay. MRS. REDMOND smiles and looks to her. (CONTINUED)
71) 4) dialog: Hi. Um. Is Jeff here?
71) 6) dialog: Yeah. Mrs. Redmond glances back at Jay's friends by the car.
71) 8) dialog: That'd be great. Jay waves her sister and friends over.
72) 0) text: Mrs. Redmond leads Jay and her friends down a long hallwa the back of the house. They reach a doorway. Mrs. Redmond knocks.
72) 7) dialog: Hey.
72) 14) dialog: I'm not sure yet. (CONTINUED)
72) 18) dialog: I just want to know what's going on.
73) 0) text: Jeff sits before an open expanse of lawns and landscaped backyards. There are no fences here. On the grass at the edge of the patio, Jay and her friend around the host - like a teenage mob. They're drinking so pop from straws. Mrs. Redmond steps outside - smiling. She sets out a tray baked snacks for the group.
73) 15) dialog: (almost to herself) I would never sleep with him again. Greg exhales - growing frustrated with the nature of the conversation. (CONTINUED)
73) 31) dialog: (simultaneous) (nodding) Yes.... Yeah... Uh huh... Jeff regains his composure. He tries to adjust.
74) 10) dialog: (whispering) What?
74) 12) dialog: (whispering) I don’t know. Kelly shrugs a bit. Paul peeks at Jay out of the corner o eye - under the cover of sleep. Highway signs pass by. Miles of road. 79 80 81 82 83 84 64.
77) 0) text: Jay and Paul string bells and bottles over the windows an doors. Sitting on the floor - threading old soup cans wit string, Jay speaks into an old 70’s-style phone receiver.
77) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello, yes, um, this is Mrs. Height. I’m calling to let you know that my daughter Kelly is sick with the flu and she’s gonna be out for a few days - uh maybe longer. (beat) Uh huh. Yeah. I know. It’s the season change I guess. (beat) Ok well, thank you. Bye. Kelly fries bacon at the stove, while making pancakes for group. She watches her sister from across the room. A radio on the counter plays an old AM rock tune. Yara dances by herself to the music, snacking on bacon as reads her ebook. Swaying and stepping - her moves are intentionally silly. Greg drinks a beer on the couch, staring at Yara's ass whenever possible. (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: Greg stands next to Jay as she fires the handgun at a far row of canned goods and mini cereal boxes. He helps to adjust her aim. Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shots ri out and echo. Yara reads from her phone. Paul seems irritated.
79) 2) dialog: It's a bit lonely.
79) 4) dialog: I remember. BANG! A full size box of Fruity Fun Cereal is hit, causin trickle of colorful rice to pour from the bullet hole.
80) 0) text: The boat is anchored in the center of the lake. The water calm. The breeze passes like a whisper across Jay's bangs. She turns onto her back and lays out across the front of the feeling the warm sun. (CONTINUED)
80) 3) dialog: I feel safe out here.
80) 5) dialog: I wonder how long it'll take before it gets here.
81) 0) text: Yara dives underwater, kicking her feet above the surface Loud splashes. Kelly holds on to the anchor-rope, floating calmly on her back. We notice Greg glancing over at Kelly, treading water wit beer in hand. Jay swims alone. Drying his face with a towel, Paul watches her from the b
84) 0) text: A bell rings. Jay turns and sees Paul step through her doorway. He closes the door with a final rattle and ring. Jay stares up at him from her bed. Rain pours against the window.
84) 1) dialog: Hey.
84) 3) dialog: Um... I don't know.
84) 5) dialog: No, Paul.
84) 8) dialog: I know. (CONTINUED)
84) 12) dialog: Oh... um... Paul, I... Paul swallows hard as Kelly knocks on the door. The bell rings as she walks into the room. She's in a towel. Seeing Paul, she rolls her eyes and giv him a shake of her head.
86) 0) text: A grey mist has settled over the area. Jay relaxes on one of the lawn chairs in the center of th field - near the lake. A breeze tussles her hair. She app calm, but sad. Kelly, Greg and Paul lounge around her - some on the wet - others in chairs. Paul stares lovingly at Jay. She watches the horizon. Behind Jay - over her shoulder - we watch as Yara steps f the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road. Yara walks closer. Paul looks off - into her direction. Greg notices Kelly's leg - stretched across the grass. Sh sees him checking her out. His warm eyes cause her to loo away - more from shyness than anything else. (CONTINUED)
86) 5) dialog: No. You go ahead. We see Greg - very far away - step into the trees, drop h shorts and start to pee.
86) 7) dialog: Eh.
86) 9) dialog: Maybe in a little bit.
86) 13) dialog: Help me! Kelly takes a step closer - tentative with confusion.
87) 0) text: Greg is still far off - approaching along the edge of the clearing. We track behind him as he watches the odd sight Jay is backing away - screaming, pointing and staring at nothingness.
88) 0) text: Jay picks up the hand gun and runs to the door.
89) 0) text: As Greg moves toward Jay with his arms in the air, she ra her pistol once again. She fires several times - the bull coming right at us. Greg dives for cover. Jay steps back and pulls the front door closed.
90) 0) text: Jay locks the front door and slumps onto the ground. She starts to cry. Kelly tries to hold her but she can't be consoled. Paul lifts his shirt and sees a swollen red welt across h abdomen. Jay peeks up toward the front window. She sees a large ma looking in through the glass. He shuffles slowly to the s out of sight. Smash!!! There's a loud pounding from the front door. The wood sha It hits again. The banging gets louder. A foot breaks through the bottom of the door. The women scream. Paul jumps in fear. Yara watches as wood splinters from the center - seemingl without cause. Jay watches as the foot kicks out a medium chunk of panel from the bottom of the door. The foot retracts and disappears. Silence - except for the soft crying within the room. The friends and siblings look to the door - waiting. Slowly... we push in... closer on the hole... Greg appears, looking in through the broken door - his he tilted at an angle.
90) 9) dialog: Yes there is! Greg pounds his fist into the door. He pulls away and disappears from view.
90) 11) dialog: Greg? He doesn't respond.
90) 12) dialog: Greg, are you ok? Jay leans closer to the door, peeking into the hole. Suddenly... A very LITTLE BOY WITH A STRANGE FACE pokes his head into opening. Jay screams and jumps as the little kid crawls through the hole in the door.
91) 0) text: Jay runs to the car, fumbling with the key fob, unlocking door. As Jay climbs into the driver's seat, Greg emerges from t front door of the lake house. He inspects the crack in th door.
92) 0) text: Starting the car, Jay sees a young woman, Annie, walk pas Greg and the others - staring at her from a distance. Greg is shouting - trying to calm everyone down. Jay continues to cry - not loudly - just streams of involuntary tears. She throws the car into gear. Kelly runs from the side of the house, spotting her siste the car.
93) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes. Her head is slightly bandaged around forehead. A small circle of dried blood rests on the cott wrap - an IV in her left arm. Her right arm is covered in a cast - extending from her fingers to her bicep. Jay sees the foot of her hospital bed. A monitor and the doorway leading to a hallway. She stares into the hall. An empty waiting room is visibl beyond another door. A NOSY WOMAN passes by - peeking over at Jay. An unseen MAN screams in pain from a distant room.
93) 2) text: Somebody come and help me! I need some helppp! Somebody please! I just need some helppp!! Jay watches the door - she begins to frighten herself. He breathing grows shallow. She looks down and presses the call button. It rings, but one responds. (CONTINUED)
93) 5) dialog: Hello? Jay stares into the doorway.
93) 6) dialog: Helloooo? The camera moves closer and closer to the open space. Kelly steps into frame, walking from the waiting room aro the corner. She crosses the hall - an expression of sadne her face. Jay sees her coming. She stares - fearful and suspicious. breathing is heavy.
93) 7) dialog: Kelly? Kelly simply nods and smiles reassuringly, shrugging her shoulders. Of course it's her. Jay doesn't believe it.
93) 8) dialog: (still afraid) Is it really you?!
93) 10) dialog: (relieved) Ok. Jay tries to stop herself from crying. She sobs as her si comes closer and holds her - leaning down over the bed.
93) 11) dialog: Does mom know?
93) 13) dialog: How long am I gonna be here?
93) 17) dialog: It's gonna come here. What am I gonna do?
93) 19) dialog: How far are we from the lake house?
93) 21) dialog: No! Get her away from me! Can you see her?! She's right there! Jay points at the nurse. Kelly tries to calm her sister, grabbing her arms.
93) 24) dialog: (mumbling) I don't want anything. Jay gasps for air. Everything goes dark... the noises of the hospital warp a distort... We hear the sound of Jay breathing. 100 78.
94) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes again... She sees her mother sitting in a nearby chair. The door i closed. Paul, Greg, Kelly and Yara lay around the room - scattere odd places: chairs, the end of the bed, the window sill. The television is on, but no one is watching it. It's not but a half-muted light source in an otherwise dim room. We hear voices - whispering around us. Nothing sounds rig
94) 4) dialog: (whispers) I don't wanna die.
94) 6) dialog: (whispers) It's gonna catch me. Jay sees Greg. She looks to him for help. (CONTINUED)
94) 9) dialog: (whispers) It'll be here soon... Jay lays against her pillow, sobbing lightly, staring at
95) 0) text: We watch from outside. The camera tracks along the exterior of the hospital wind past the sleeping and the sick. A man on his deathbed. A women hobbling to the bathroom. A family laughing silentl behind glass. A child eating over a tray. We settle on Jay's hospital room - looking in - through t window from a distance. Greg leans over the bed, as Jay whispers something into h ear. A private moment. He nods and says something in repl We slowly move closer. A tiny, creeping dolly forward. They are alone. The room's door is closed. Greg takes her left hand and holds it. He kisses her and moves closer. Greg undoes his pants and pulls them down. Jay lifts the blanket up and pulls her underwear off. Greg climbs into the bed with her, touching her body. She pulls his boxers off and holds him with one arm - keeping cast off to the side.. Greg moves on top of Jay. She looks up at him as he posit himself inside her. Greg stares down at Jay's beautiful f
96) 0) text: Jay looks over Greg's shoulder to the closed door. She watches - waiting - as Greg makes love to her. Her head and face shake - rising and falling as the young moves faster - fucking her harder. Jay stays focused on the closed door - holding Greg in he arms.
97) 0) text: Jay sits alone in her hospital bed. The room is very quie She stares out - lost in thought. Is it gone? (CONTINUED)
99) 0) text: Kelly rests on a small couch - magazines on her lap. Paul sits in a chair - watching across the hallway - look into Jay's room. He watches Greg smile and chat with her casually eating applesauce from Jay's food tray. Jay's face is partially hidden by the edge of the doorway Paul stares with obvious envy.
100) 1) dialog: You haven't seen it?
100) 3) dialog: Really?
100) 8) dialog: You believe me right? You're not just playing along?
100) 12) dialog: Yeah. Jay's face doesn't seem relaxed. She takes no comfort in Greg's words.
100) 13) dialog: I'm sorry about your car.
101) 0) text: Jay sits in the hot tub, with her cast hanging over the s looking out at the neighboring yards. A dullness in her e The back door is half-open. A small television rests on the deck - playing the local On the tv: Bodies are carried from a collapsed building. news announcer chatters away about the incident. Jay stares out at her backyard lawn - and the lawns of he neighbor's - yards stretching into infinity.
102) 0) text: Jay steps inside her house - drying off with a towel. It's quiet. She walks slowly down the hallway to her room. 109 82.
103) 0) text: Opening the bedroom door, Jay notices that her dresser dr is open. The underwear drawer. Looking across the room, she sees her bra, underwear and pair of socks laid out across her bed - as though mimicki body. Fear crosses her face.
103) 1) dialog: Kelly!? Mom!? No one answers. Jay looks around for an intruder. Walking towards the bed, Jay passes a dresser, a mirror a various posters on the wall. She reaches the bed and picks up her bra. She leans down peers out the window. Nothing. Standing up, Jay sees a BOY reflected in the mirror. Star she screams - spinning around - falling back against the It's the 11 year old neighbor boy - hiding against the wa panties in his hand. He takes a step forward - arm extend worry on his face.
103) 3) dialog: Get out of here!! The boy drops her underwear on the floor and runs out of room - into the hallway. Jay sits there. Catching her breath.
108) 0) text: Jay sits by her window in pajamas, watching the dark neighborhood. Empty yards. A car passes. Jay yawns - a hand over her mouth. Near silence. Some crickets. Jay sees Greg walking slowly down the sidewalk. He turns heads up the path to his house. Jay knocks on her window, trying to get his attention. Greg reaches the front door, but it won't open for him. Jay watches - a bit confused. Greg picks up a large stone and walks towards the front w of his house. Jay realizes something is wrong. She grabs her 80’s hands phone and dials Greg's number. It goes straight to voice- mail. Greg breaks the glass and begins to crawl into his home through the opening. Jay leaps up and stumbles out her bedroom door.
109) 0) text: Sprinting to Greg's front yard, Jay pounds on the door - at the handle.
109) 1) dialog: Greg! Open the door! Greg! There's no sound from within. Jay looks to the broken fro window - she runs to it and begins to crawl through.
110) 0) text: Falling to the carpet, Jay clutches her cast-covered arm looks around the dark room. She stands up and moves throu the house.
110) 1) dialog: (cunning) Greg! It's in the house! (CONTINUED)
110) 6) dialog: Greg! Watch out! Reaching the top of the stairwell, Jay stops. Ahead of he at Greg's door is his mother, Mrs. Hannigan. Mrs. Hannigan is knocking on the door. She looks over at as she continues to knock. Jay stares - suddenly understanding what's happening.
110) 8) dialog: Greg, it's outside your...! Greg opens his bedroom door - wearing only boxers. He see his mother standing before him in her open bathrobe - bre half-exposed.
111) 0) text: Jay pulls out of her driveway wildly. She drives down the street as Greg walks out of his front door - staring at h
112) 0) text: Jay cruises along the expressway. She tries to slow her breathing. She wipes some tears from her face.
113) 0) text: The radio is on. A beautiful pop song plays from the speakers. Jay is tired as she steers along the near empty expressway.
114) 0) text: Quiet now. Heading down a rural highway. Jay pulls her car into a long dirt drive. She follows the tree-lined path deeper.
115) 0) text: Jay parks and gets out of her car along the edge of some woods. She moves around the car and climbs over the front fender, sitting on the hood. Jay lays back and stares up at the night sky. She turns h head and watches the empty road - illuminated by a lone s lamp. She waits.
116) 0) text: Jay sits on the roof of her car, facing the road. She sta out at the empty path. She hears something. A sputtering engine. Voices in the distance. Jay climbs down and follows the sound through the trees - toward the rising sun. 123 124 125 88.
117) 0) text: Stepping out of the woods, Jay finds herself along the ed Lake St. Claire. She looks out at the deep waters as a motorboat slows in the distance. A few shirtless YOUNG MEN drink beer in the boat as it ro and sways. Listening to music, they don't notice the youn woman on shore. Jay focuses on the men. A thought crosses her eyes. Jay takes off her pants and shirt as she steps into the l She moves out, bracing herself against the cold - letting cast drop carelessly into the water. She swims further. The boat is ahead. The young men grow closer and closer. Jay slows and stops. She's near the boat now. The music a laughter is louder. She looks up at the figures of men - considering. She starts to call out, but stops. Her eyes show melancholy as she paddles in place. I can't do this. Jay exhales and drops down into the water. She's gone. We sit on the surface of the lake watching the young men the boat drink and laugh. Eventually, they start the engi and cruise off along the horizon. A flock of birds fly overhead. The water is still. Jay pops up several yards away - nearly out of frame - ga for air. She fights to swim back.
118) 0) text: Jay drives the car down her street - her hair still damp cast soaking wet. As she pulls into her driveway, she see Kelly and Yara sitting on the porch - haggard and sad.
119) 0) text: Jay is resting on the floor of the darkened room. A towel wrapped around her cast. Some light peeks in through the drawn shades. Kelly and Yara are sleeping on the bed - pa out - a space of mourning. Yara snores a little. (CONTINUED)
119) 3) dialog: Who is it?
119) 5) dialog: Hang on. Jay gets up and pulls the chair away from the door, she cautiously opens it, peeking out into the hallway. She se Paul - alone. He steps into the room. Jay quickly closes the door and barricades it. Paul sits down on the floor next to Jay's nest of blanket clothes. She sits alongside him, pulling her t-shirt down she stretches her legs across the blanket with little reg for modesty. Her focus is singular - a melancholy has set in her eyes. They sit in silence together for a moment. Yara's snoring quietly rattles from the mattress.
119) 6) dialog: It's gonna be here sooner or later. Paul takes a breath - he's thought about it. He speaks in whispers.
119) 9) dialog: I shouldn't have. Jay looks ahead at the black dress slung over her chair.
119) 13) dialog: No. A moment passes. Paul stares at Jay's profile. She watche the window.
119) 16) dialog: I thought he would be ok. (beat) He wasn't scared. Paul listens.
119) 17) dialog: We slept together in high school. It wasn't a big deal. Paul nods - not agreeing but feeling the need to respond somehow. He leans in and starts to kiss Jay. She pulls away immediately. Paul reaches over and touches Jay’s fingers - extended ju beyond the edge of the damp cast. She maintains her gaze the window - with a soft sigh - exhaling tension.
119) 19) dialog: Do you?
119) 24) dialog: (still staring out the window) Yeah?
120) 0) text: Jay climbs into the passenger seat - behind her we see Ya and Kelly getting into the back and putting on their seat belts. Paul closes the trunk and climbs into the driver’s seat. Outside, the neighbor boys are playing ball in the front They steal glances towards the car and Jay. (CONTINUED)
121) 0) text: We speed along Interstate 75 - going south. We see only t road racing towards us - scenery changing. The hum of the car engine. Deeper and deeper into the city we drive. Passing exit signs for mile roads. Ducking under rotting overpasses. Broken buildings wave from the edge of the expressway. Gu plants momentarily block out the harsh sun. Dangerous streets and alleyways loom along their path. The camera slowly rotates around, pointing back through t front windshield - revealing Paul behind the wheel. Jay s in the passenger seat. Kelly and Yara are in the back. Th kids are solemn and quiet. The hum of the road is hypnoti - tiring. They sit in silence as they drive on.
122) 0) text: Storefronts, boarded houses, rotting factories and empty fill the frame. Jay's car is parked along a fence near a boarded store-fr We move through the poor neighborhood - slowly. (CONTINUED)
122) 5) dialog: My parents said the same thing to me. Everything is bare - revealed in the fading sunlight. A f young men hang-out on the street. They watch the kids as pass. A homeless man shuffles closer.
123) 0) text: Small figures in the darkness, Jay and her friends walk u a large stone structure at the edge of an inner-city neighborhood. Paul pulls open a loose window and begins to crawl inside
124) 0) text: The gang steps into a large indoor pool room. An enormous ornate ceiling frames the giant swimming pool spanning th length of the building. It’s dark except for a few dim po lights and the glow from the upper story windows. Water reflections cross Jay’s face as she steps to the poolside - kneeling down along the tile in her shorts and shirt - bedclothes for a warm night.
124) 6) dialog: I don't know. Hours I bet. Jay dips her hand into the water and looks deeply through walls of the room - beyond the water and the brick.
124) 9) dialog: Is that how you remember it?
126) 0) text: Paul pulls household irons, curlers and a radio from his duffle bag - rolls of extensions cords. Jay empties her backpack onto the ground. Yara places a s television near the edge of the pool. The girls string electrical cords across doorways, and un chairs toward the water. Plugging in tattered cords to dusty outlets. Along the edge of the room, Paul digs through a utility c - unearthing an old space heater.
129) 0) text: Now wearing her bathing suit - Jay climbs slowly down the ladder into the pool. Adjusting to the feel of water in darkness. Alone in this large body of water. Her friends watching f the edges. The sound of rainfall on windows - mixed with the gentle and tapping of pool water. Lightning strikes in the distance. A faint flash inside. Jay stands alone in the center of the pool, looking aroun the flickering shadows along the walls. Vulnerable.
131) 0) text: Jay waits, alone in the pool - focused on the main entran Everyone is silent. She listens to the sounds of rain... the soft clatter of unseen machinery. Air ducts and pool reverberate. Jay scans the doorways - turning lightly within the water Watching. Tense. Shadows flicker along the walls. The reflections of water against stone. The camera pans across the giant space. The teenagers pos like figures within a grander painting. Positions have shifted minimally. Kelly sits near the pool’s edge - leaning back on her han palms flat against the cold and wet tile. Rain falls against one of the high windows - through whic outside light enters - creating descending drops of shado across the room. Paul leans against the side wall - watching - rubbing his injured side casually over his t-shirt. Across the way, Yara rests in one of the metal folding ch chewing on licorice - a foot tucked under a leg. Kelly looks to her sister, alone in the pool as she turns pivots. Seeing her older sister - afraid in this dark roo Kelly tries to hold in her sadness. Positioned behind Kelly, we watch Jay from a distance as stares into the emptiness - waiting for something to ente
131) 1) dialog: (quietly) Oh my God. Jay looks like she's about to cry. She sees something terrible, although the area appears empty.
131) 2) dialog: It just walked into the room. It's right there. Jay points over to the entrance. We see nothing. (CONTINUED)
131) 6) dialog: Right there! Jay points again. Her voice pitches awkwardly. She starts cry. Holding still, we watch the scene from behind Kelly's shoulder.
131) 8) dialog: I don’t wanna tell you.
131) 11) dialog: No. It’s just standing there - looking at me. Kelly looks to Paul - concerned.
131) 13) dialog: It’s moving. Jay turns slowly, her arm stretched out, pointing at the invisible thing. - tracking with it around the far corner the pool.
131) 15) dialog: Walking. Walking closer. (CONTINUED)
131) 18) dialog: Paul, I wanna get out.
131) 20) dialog: No, I don’t wanna do this. I just wanna get out of the water. Suddenly a metal folding-chair rises six feet in the air. moves back and then flies into the pool with force - stra at Jay. Splash!
131) 22) dialog: Help! Paul, Kelly and Yara circle the pool, reaching out for Ja waving for her to swim in their direction. Screaming - shouting. Jay rushes toward the edge. It throws another chair at he striking her in the shoulder - causing her to fall below water. *
131) 28) dialog: Yeah.
131) 37) dialog: You missed it!
131) 39) dialog: Watch out! Don't get too close. The man throws another old appliance into the water, stra at Jay. It misses her as the cord drops below the surface Yara circles, keeping her distance from the approaching I Paul moves back and tries to aim. Once more, we see thing from his POV: Jay madly pointing her finger from within t water.
131) 40) dialog: It's there! Paul fires again. Across the pool, the bullet slices into Yara's leg.
131) 42) dialog: No! It... missed!
131) 44) dialog: No! Right there! Jay swings her hand, trying to direct the weapon by proxy Paul tries to slowly adjust the direction of his gun. The man grabs a household iron from the edge of the pool. Paul fires. Yara screams in fright.
132) 0) text: A chair is propped against the door. Jay and Paul are laying on the couch - an old blanket cov their bodies. Jay looks into his eyes and waits for a sign. He nods his with love and anticipation. Jay moves on top of him - sitting up, pulling the blanket herself. They fumble underneath and begin to make love. Paul nervously touches her face. Staring up lovingly. She kisses him - holding her cast to her side. They stare into each others eyes. For the first time they thinking only of each other. A moment of connection through the physical. Rain against basement window. They move slowly with pleasure.
132) 1) dialog: I feel like I’m hurting you. Paul looks up at her.
133) 0) text: Wrapped in the blanket, holding each other, Jay and Paul Faces close together. Whispering.
133) 2) dialog: Do you? (CONTINUED)
134) 0) text: Jay lays under her sheets - a cartoon bandaid across her temple - a new cast on her arm. Mrs. Height sits on the e of the bed, rubbing her back. Softly. On the dresser, we see a glass of wine and an old family portrait. Jay is a young girl. Kelly is a baby. Their mother, young and pretty smiles alongside Jay's father, a middle-aged man with salt and pepper hair. He grins happi into the camera. His smile is identical to the one he off Jay at the pool.
136) 0) text: Jay sits across from Paul in Yara’s hospital room. He lay back in a chair - eyes closed and napping. Yara is eating in bed, as she reads something from her ph
140) 0) text: Dead but colorful leaves cover the ground. We move forwar along the sidewalk. Up ahead, a man rakes his front yard. A few children buil fort out of the fallen leaves. Lines of red and orange ac the grass. Jay and Paul hold hands as they walk together through the neighborhood. The cast is gone. Far behind them, a teenager in a coat marches slowly alon edge of the road. Jay smiles to Paul and he smiles back. They stare out at autumnal suburbia - pretty and clean.