3) 1) text: JAIME "JAY" HEIGHT, a pretty 19 year old girl, relaxes in hot tub - sipping a cola. Droplets of sweat dot her cheek forehead. A breeze pushes a swarm of white dandelion seeds through air, swirling past the young woman's face. Jay stares up at a couple of birds hopping along the tele wire overhead. She smiles as they hop and peck - sharing food. A squirrel races along the wire causing the birds to fly Jay looks down - stretching her arms out in the hot water She looks at her hands and legs immersed in bubbles. The bright sun reflects against the surface. Something irritates her shoulder. Jay turns her head and at her upper arm just above the water. She sees a tiny re moving toward her elbow. She watches it closely for a moment, then lowers her arm the water, dispelling the tiny insect in a swirl. The glass door slides open - KELLY, Jay's 17-year-old sis leans out from the doorway in her summer clothes - it’s a Indian Summer.
3) 2) dialog: Hey Jay.
3) 4) dialog: Nothing. Paul and Yara are here. We're gonna watch a movie if you feel like it?
3) 6) dialog: That guy?
3) 8) dialog: I like him. (CONTINUED)
4) 0) text: Jay walks inside, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet. In the adjoining living room, Kelly sits with her friends watching a bad comedy. They're sprawled across the furnit On tv: a man talks with his English-speaking dog about th woman he loves. The dog offers bad romantic advice. PAUL, 17, eats cheese curls on the lounge chair. YARA, 17, is slumped into the couch cushions with her leg across the coffee table; a pair or glasses on her nose. S reads an ebook on her pink-shell-compact smartphone, stil managing to laugh at the television. Jay stops alongside Kelly and watches a moment of the mov Jay smiles and waves to Yara, who glances up just long en to see who's around.
15) 2) dialog: Thanks for walking with me. The two girls step leisurely down the block.
15) 4) dialog: Yeah, but she'll cry if she actually sees it happening.
15) 6) dialog: How's it going with Hugh? (CONTINUED)
15) 11) dialog: Why?
15) 13) dialog: Have you... um...? her sister.
15) 15) dialog: (teasing dryly) Maybe he's a virgin?
15) 17) dialog: So what's the problem?
15) 24) dialog: Me? Jay nods.
15) 26) dialog: I haven't slept with anybody. Not for any real big reason or anything. I will... eventually. Maybe soon. Any minute now.
15) 28) dialog: Yeah.
15) 30) dialog: Ehhh. We kissed once and it didn't feel right. He's more like a brother... although he's kind of in love with you. So I don't know what that means. Jay smiles and thinks about it for a moment.
15) 32) dialog: Gross. The two sisters smile and share a laugh. They pass before a modest house with a pristine lawn. A fighting couple - possibly a girl mid-tantrum - can be he inside. We see Jay's POV as she stares at the brick ranch home, passing it slowly. She shakes it off and continues the suburban block. The yelling fades. Kelly takes a final drag, then tosses her cigarette into street. (CONTINUED)
15) 35) dialog: Do I smell bad? Jay leans over and smells her younger sister.
15) 37) dialog: That's my favorite flavor.
15) 40) dialog: Dad said he'd pay for you to go away.
15) 42) dialog: Then why are you even taking classes, dumb-ass? Nearing their own house, Jay notices a very HANDSOME youn washing his car in a driveway across the street. GREG HANNIGAN, 21, sees them. He waves casually - without a sm
15) 44) dialog: When I graduate, I'm getting the hell outta here. I wanna go to college somewhere that doesn't have shitty weather.
23) 0) text: Kelly sits on the stoop of her front porch with her neighborhood friends. They're playing 'Old Maid'. Paul po liquor from his flask into a Coke can. Yara reads from he pink-shell-compact cell phone while sorting her hand of c
23) 1) dialog: Can I have some?
23) 4) dialog: That's why we're drinking on the porch. Paul grins and looks over at Kelly. Yara mutters a fake l (CONTINUED)
23) 8) dialog: Almost for sure. Yeah. She wakes up at 5:15. I think that would kill me. We push in slowly towards Kelly's hand of cards - centere the Old Maid - an ugly caricature of a spinster.
23) 11) dialog: I wish I didn't.
23) 13) dialog: Ok. That's true. It brings me joy. Yara rolls her eyes at Kelly's goofiness.
23) 15) dialog: Oh. On a date This bit of information seems to sting Paul. He covers it much as possible. Kelly looks to him, holding up her hand cards.
23) 16) dialog: Your turn.
23) 18) dialog: Somebody new.
23) 23) dialog: It is annoying.
23) 25) dialog: Is everything ok?! Hugh closes the rear door, stepping over something as he back toward the driver's seat.
23) 27) dialog: Jay! Kelly drops her cards and jumps from the porch - confused Jay tries to stand up and move closer to the outer sidewa she fails - falling in the grass. Kelly rushes across the front lawn toward her sister. Pau and Yara follow behind.
41) 0) text: Jay walks past the Rackham "Bear" Fountain - kids throw pennies into the copper water. We follow behind her. She appears nervous - keeping her distance from others - scan the crowds. To her right, lions sprawl across the floor of their den. Giraffes step through the Egyptian exhibit as Jay crosses nearby walkway. EXT. CONCESSION STAND - DAY 42a Jay walks up to a large concession stand where Kelly and are working. In uniform, Kelly serves cups of cola and hotdogs to zoo- goers. Near the counter with supplies in hand, Paul notic Jay, and stops.
42) 0) text: Sitting in the underwater tunnel, Jay leans against the g rubs her temples and holds her face as she tries to relax Paul and Kelly watch alongside her.
42) 1) dialog: Jay, what's going on?
42) 7) dialog: Did she say something to you? Jay shakes her head. She looks down at the ice cream in h lap. She nibbles on the dessert as her sister and friend with quiet concern. They exchange a look between one anot
42) 9) dialog: That's all bullshit, Jaime. Jay looks up at her sister and stares back with wide eyes
42) 13) dialog: You should tell mom what you saw.
42) 15) dialog: Well, Jay, I'm worried about you. Jay focuses on her ice cream. Small delicate bites. Kelly watches her older sister pick at the dessert with a spoon like a young child - shoulders pointing inward. We see the trio together from outside the tunnel, through blue icy water. (CONTINUED)
42) 18) dialog: We gotta get back. Paul nods and Jay begins to rise from her stooped and sheltered position.
42) 22) dialog: No. Jay considers for a moment.
42) 24) dialog: You should be more worried about waking up and finding Paul humping your leg.
42) 30) dialog: (to Jay) Just keep your door locked. Jay nods, finishing her ice cream with a small grin.
43) 0) text: Yara sits on the toilet in her pajamas clipping her toena while chewing on a red vine. She appears focused. Jay and Kelly brush their teeth in front of the sink, lau to each other in the mirror. Kelly wears her old and tatt Amanda B’s Dance Team shirt. With toothpaste filled mouths...
43) 1) dialog: Mom just went to bed.
43) 3) dialog: No. She saw Paul on the couch. I don't think she cared. She had her bottle of merlot. Jay nods - understanding the subtext. More tooth-brushing
43) 9) dialog: But it can really fuck with you if you let it. So... don't. Jay spits into the sink.
47) 0) text: Kelly sleeps soundly in her bed. Yara is awake in her sle bag, reading Dostoyevsky via cell phone. The monster movie can be heard faintly. Through Kelly's window, we see the outer yard. It's mostl dark and very still. We hold on the window - moving close it - watching - waiting... 49 50 51 40.
52) 1) dialog: (behind door) Jay? Jay doesn't say a word. She sits still. Waiting.
52) 3) dialog: (behind door) What's going on? (CONTINUED)
52) 9) dialog: (behind door) Just open the door, OK? Jay watches as the door-knob rattles - then stops.
52) 14) dialog: Jay, why don't you sit down? Jay paces and looks from the door to the second-story win She crumbles down onto the floor. Kelly and Paul are silent. (CONTINUED)
52) 18) dialog: I'll get you some.
52) 23) dialog: I love you. You're ok. It's gonna be alright.
52) 25) dialog: Not all of it... no. But some of it. There's a tapping sound at the door. All three kids turn stare. The doorknob shakes a bit. Almost turns - but stop
52) 26) dialog: Mom? Knock. Knock. Knock. Three soft taps on the door. Jay crawls across the floor towards the window, shushing sister with a panicked gesture. Worried, Paul picks up a broom from the corner of the roo stands near the door - wooden stick raised.
52) 27) dialog: Mom, is that you? Jay shakes her head. (CONTINUED)
52) 31) dialog: Yara?
52) 34) dialog: See? Everything's ok. Suddenly - A VERY LARGE MAN peeks out from behind Yara's shoulder - bending his head down into the door frame like some kind giant. He stares at Jay. Jay screams as the large man follows Yara into the room - remaining just inches behind the petite young woman. Paul looks at Jay - confused. No one but Jay sees the lon limbed giant moving closer. Jay rushes to the back window, opens it, pushes out the s and crawls through. Kelly, Paul and Yara run towards her, trying to hold her
52) 35) dialog: Jay, be careful!
53) 3) dialog: Jay! What are you doing?!
55) 4) dialog: You could've hurt yourself! What are you doing? The sisters hug. Amid their embrace, they whisper...
55) 6) dialog: (whispers) Me too, but we'll figure it out.
55) 8) dialog: (whispers) I know. It's ok.
55) 13) dialog: I do.
55) 25) dialog: Hugh? Jay nods. It's a small and meek response from a normally strong young woman.
56) 0) text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Y and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers. The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods bec poorer - more decayed and urban. Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down t street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself unnaturally. Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfec divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole. They pass him and continue on.
58) 0) text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, lo around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards. As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking can a bell rattle. A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard. Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighb house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears. Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter
60) 0) text: Kelly rifles through drawers and checks the medicine cabi She finds several bottles of pills. The labels have been off. Bits of daylight shine through a tiny window above the sh Kelly sees a bloody razor blade on the floor near a stack towels. 62 63 64 65 53.
62) 0) text: Kelly notices a crack in the wall of the bathroom. She ru her hand along the split in the dry-wall. Kelly applies s pressure and a large piece of wall falls away - revealing hole leading to the adjoining room. Jay peeks through the hole to her sister.
65) 0) text: Kelly walks alone through the garbage filled cellar. The camera pushes slowly through the dusty shadows toward a g level window. There's tension as we near the sun-misted g Nothing passes.
70) 0) text: Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kids waiting for their parents. Yara sleeps on Kelly's shoulde Greg and Jay open their doors and hop into the front. The high school building is visible through the front win (CONTINUED)
70) 8) dialog: Do we tell the police? Greg starts the car. The radio comes on - quiet. A seat-b alarm dings repeatedly. Greg buckles up - Jay doesn't.
73) 7) dialog: What the fuck are you talking about? Further down the block, a TEENAGE GIRL IN A SOCCER JERSEY appears, cutting across the neighbor's back lawns on her home. For now, she appears as a dot on the horizon - too distant to be seen by anyone.
73) 12) dialog: (looking at Jeff) You should take it back. Jeff looks at Kelly - making a face.
73) 13) dialog: (to Jeff) You know what I mean.
73) 23) dialog: Who did it to you?
74) 3) dialog: (to Greg) Um... Greg?
74) 5) dialog: Your mom’s not gonna freak out?
74) 7) dialog: It’s really nice of you.
74) 9) dialog: (whispering) Have you thought about what he said? Jay takes a pill from her purse.
74) 11) dialog: (whispering) Maybe passing it on? Jay shakes her head as she swallows the pill with some wa
79) 0) text: Greg stands next to Jay as she fires the handgun at a far row of canned goods and mini cereal boxes. He helps to adjust her aim. Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shots ri out and echo. Yara reads from her phone. Paul seems irritated.
80) 4) dialog: We'll stay as long as we can. Mom doesn't care.
80) 6) dialog: Jay, there's nothing coming, ok? Jay looks back towards the shore and watches the tree-lin the open field. She stares deeply at the land. Nothing moves.
81) 0) text: Yara dives underwater, kicking her feet above the surface Loud splashes. Kelly holds on to the anchor-rope, floating calmly on her back. We notice Greg glancing over at Kelly, treading water wit beer in hand. Jay swims alone. Drying his face with a towel, Paul watches her from the b
84) 13) dialog: Out. Jay smirks as Paul leaves the bedroom.
86) 0) text: A grey mist has settled over the area. Jay relaxes on one of the lawn chairs in the center of th field - near the lake. A breeze tussles her hair. She app calm, but sad. Kelly, Greg and Paul lounge around her - some on the wet - others in chairs. Paul stares lovingly at Jay. She watches the horizon. Behind Jay - over her shoulder - we watch as Yara steps f the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road. Yara walks closer. Paul looks off - into her direction. Greg notices Kelly's leg - stretched across the grass. Sh sees him checking her out. His warm eyes cause her to loo away - more from shyness than anything else. (CONTINUED)
86) 4) dialog: You want to?
86) 6) dialog: Come on.
86) 8) dialog: Get up. It'll be nice. Kelly starts to get up. We see the group, lounging togeth the field.
86) 10) dialog: Don’t be so lazy. As Jay sits in her chair, her long hair rises into the ai without cause or explanation - like a Michaél Borremans’ painting. (CONTINUED)
86) 14) dialog: Jay?! What is it?! Paul jumps up and grabs the fallen chair. He swings it do into the air. We watch as the chair smashes into an invisible object - cracking - hurting Paul's hand. Jay’s hair is released - dropping back to her shoulders. tumbles away, tripping over a cooler and falling to the ground. Kelly rushes to help her. Paul steps closer - suddenly he’s pushed violently across grass - landing on his shoulder. Jay crawls and stumbles away from the advancing thing. Th fake Yara follows her - bloodied but unfazed. In the distance, Greg quickly pulls up his shorts and sta to walk back - a cautious, hyper-aware gait.
88) 1) dialog: What're you doing?! Jay raises the gun up. She aims at the thing. Yara stares back at her. Mouth open. Paul is almost hyper-ventilating at the edge of the room. sees nothing but a frightened and hurt young woman aiming gun into the air. He hides behind the couch. Jay waits until it gets near. She aims at its face - Jay pulls the trigger. Bang!!! Greg dives down - taking cover in the grass.
88) 4) dialog: Jay, please!! The bloody Yara rises and continues walking towards Jay a though nothing happened.
90) 0) text: Jay locks the front door and slumps onto the ground. She starts to cry. Kelly tries to hold her but she can't be consoled. Paul lifts his shirt and sees a swollen red welt across h abdomen. Jay peeks up toward the front window. She sees a large ma looking in through the glass. He shuffles slowly to the s out of sight. Smash!!! There's a loud pounding from the front door. The wood sha It hits again. The banging gets louder. A foot breaks through the bottom of the door. The women scream. Paul jumps in fear. Yara watches as wood splinters from the center - seemingl without cause. Jay watches as the foot kicks out a medium chunk of panel from the bottom of the door. The foot retracts and disappears. Silence - except for the soft crying within the room. The friends and siblings look to the door - waiting. Slowly... we push in... closer on the hole... Greg appears, looking in through the broken door - his he tilted at an angle.
90) 10) dialog: (O.S.) Greg, did you kick the door? What the fuck... son-of-a... Was it you? Silence. We hear only Jay, Kelly, Yara and Paul, breathing deeply. Frightened and labored breaths. Outside... it's quiet.
90) 13) dialog: Jay, what do you see?! The innocent looking boy stares at Jay and screams loudly like an elderly woman. Jay flinches and covers her ears. She pulls herself up an scrambles away, grabbing the car keys from the table. There's a pounding from the other side of the house. Jay runs toward the rear door. (CONTINUED)
92) 0) text: Starting the car, Jay sees a young woman, Annie, walk pas Greg and the others - staring at her from a distance. Greg is shouting - trying to calm everyone down. Jay continues to cry - not loudly - just streams of involuntary tears. She throws the car into gear. Kelly runs from the side of the house, spotting her siste the car.
92) 1) dialog: (distant) Jay! Wait! We back up at a mad speed, turning and racing up the dirt towards the highway. The engine roars - and whines. Kelly, Yara, Paul and Greg watch as Jay drives off. (CONTINUED)
93) 9) dialog: (nodding once again) Yeah. It's me.
93) 12) dialog: Yeah. She came earlier.
93) 14) dialog: I don't know. (CONTINUED)
93) 18) dialog: We're gonna figure it out. Just relax. Ok.
93) 20) dialog: Far. Kelly sits up and yawns, pulling away from the hug. She l back revealing - An OLD NURSE staring down at Jay, a tray of food in her h Jay sees the pale woman and is startled. She immediately freaks out, pulling away and kicking her food tray to the floor.
93) 22) dialog: I see her! It's just a nurse. She's bringing you food. (looking to the nurse) I'm so sorry... she's really scared. Jay turns her face toward the pillow. She takes deep brea
94) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes again... She sees her mother sitting in a nearby chair. The door i closed. Paul, Greg, Kelly and Yara lay around the room - scattere odd places: chairs, the end of the bed, the window sill. The television is on, but no one is watching it. It's not but a half-muted light source in an otherwise dim room. We hear voices - whispering around us. Nothing sounds rig
94) 2) dialog: (muted) I don't know. I think so. Jay begins to cry. Mrs. Height moves close, holding her hand against her daughter's forehead.
99) 0) text: Kelly rests on a small couch - magazines on her lap. Paul sits in a chair - watching across the hallway - look into Jay's room. He watches Greg smile and chat with her casually eating applesauce from Jay's food tray. Jay's face is partially hidden by the edge of the doorway Paul stares with obvious envy.
104) 0) text: Kelly and Paul sit on the porch talking, drinking and listening to music. Near the garage - Yara is chatting wi someone on her pink cell phone. Greg walks out from his front door. He crosses the street approaches the gang on the porch.
104) 4) dialog: 
104) 7) dialog: Not great.
104) 10) dialog: I don't think so. She doesn't want to open her door. She's just hiding in there.
104) 12) dialog: I can have her call you later.
104) 22) dialog: What do you think it was then? Greg shrugs his shoulders and steps off the porch.
104) 24) dialog: Bye, Greg.
118) 0) text: Jay drives the car down her street - her hair still damp cast soaking wet. As she pulls into her driveway, she see Kelly and Yara sitting on the porch - haggard and sad.
119) 0) text: Jay is resting on the floor of the darkened room. A towel wrapped around her cast. Some light peeks in through the drawn shades. Kelly and Yara are sleeping on the bed - pa out - a space of mourning. Yara snores a little. (CONTINUED)
120) 0) text: Jay climbs into the passenger seat - behind her we see Ya and Kelly getting into the back and putting on their seat belts. Paul closes the trunk and climbs into the driver’s seat. Outside, the neighbor boys are playing ball in the front They steal glances towards the car and Jay. (CONTINUED)
120) 4) dialog: You know where to go? *
120) 6) dialog: Alright.
120) 10) dialog: That's where I had my first beer. I threw up that whole night.
120) 12) dialog: No. Outside the car.
120) 15) dialog: Paul used to pee in it.
121) 0) text: We speed along Interstate 75 - going south. We see only t road racing towards us - scenery changing. The hum of the car engine. Deeper and deeper into the city we drive. Passing exit signs for mile roads. Ducking under rotting overpasses. Broken buildings wave from the edge of the expressway. Gu plants momentarily block out the harsh sun. Dangerous streets and alleyways loom along their path. The camera slowly rotates around, pointing back through t front windshield - revealing Paul behind the wheel. Jay s in the passenger seat. Kelly and Yara are in the back. Th kids are solemn and quiet. The hum of the road is hypnoti - tiring. They sit in silence as they drive on.
131) 0) text: Jay waits, alone in the pool - focused on the main entran Everyone is silent. She listens to the sounds of rain... the soft clatter of unseen machinery. Air ducts and pool reverberate. Jay scans the doorways - turning lightly within the water Watching. Tense. Shadows flicker along the walls. The reflections of water against stone. The camera pans across the giant space. The teenagers pos like figures within a grander painting. Positions have shifted minimally. Kelly sits near the pool’s edge - leaning back on her han palms flat against the cold and wet tile. Rain falls against one of the high windows - through whic outside light enters - creating descending drops of shado across the room. Paul leans against the side wall - watching - rubbing his injured side casually over his t-shirt. Across the way, Yara rests in one of the metal folding ch chewing on licorice - a foot tucked under a leg. Kelly looks to her sister, alone in the pool as she turns pivots. Seeing her older sister - afraid in this dark roo Kelly tries to hold in her sadness. Positioned behind Kelly, we watch Jay from a distance as stares into the emptiness - waiting for something to ente
131) 7) dialog: Jay... what... do you see? Jay just stares ahead, seeing something we do not.
131) 21) dialog: Jay! Jay jumps to the side, avoiding the chair as it sinks to bottom. * Water swirls around us as we surface. Jay splashes and li her head for air. She sees a NEARLY-NAKED MIDDLE-AGED MAN SALT AND PEPPER HAIR walking along the perimeter of the p He’s staring at her, wearing nothing but underwear. The man grabs another chair and throws it at Jay. She div the side and dodges it. Falling deeper into the water. Coughing and gasping.
131) 23) dialog: No! Jay surfaces, holding herself in pain. * (CONTINUED)
131) 26) dialog: Jay!!!! The tv misses Jay, but splashes down nearby - pulling wit the slack from the orange extension cord. The outside lights flicker, but there are no sparks. No s Jay is ok. She looks back, realizing she’s still alive and breathing
131) 27) dialog: You OK?
131) 30) dialog: Thank Godddd.
131) 32) dialog: Where is it?! Paul clumsily pulls the pistol from his bag, and runs in direction that Jay’s pointing. He aims the gun along the of the pool walkway. We see no monsters. No strange men. An old set of pink electric curlers fly into the water - kicked by something unseen.
134) 0) text: Jay lays under her sheets - a cartoon bandaid across her temple - a new cast on her arm. Mrs. Height sits on the e of the bed, rubbing her back. Softly. On the dresser, we see a glass of wine and an old family portrait. Jay is a young girl. Kelly is a baby. Their mother, young and pretty smiles alongside Jay's father, a middle-aged man with salt and pepper hair. He grins happi into the camera. His smile is identical to the one he off Jay at the pool.