15) 19) dialog: (looking at her dog) She loves the attention.
39) 0) text: A man lectures at the front of the class. Chalk marks fil the board, along with the printed notation of "Fall Semes Sociology". 20 or so young adults sit throughout the room at desks an chairs - shorts and t-shirts fail to fend off the humidit Jay writes notes by pencil at the far edge of the classro The large windows to her right show the adjacent square. Jay bites on the edge of her pencil as she stares out at campus. The heat is visible. Sweat forms on her skin. She fans herself with a book. Greg sits on the opposite side of the classroom - near th back. He glances over at Jay - watching her with concern curiosity. Students walk lazily along the pathways near the square. watches them walk. The teacher's voice fades from her ear A few people relax on blankets in the grass - sharing foo talking. Jay sees an OLD WOMAN IN PAJAMAS walking very slowly - emerging from behind a row of trees. She focuses on the w as she hobbles along. The old lady steps directly across the blankets of studyi students, passing between couples without notice. She sta with her mouth open, looking directly at Jay. Jay takes a breath and watches with frightened eyes. The old woman walks closer and closer to the building, mo past some shrubs - approaching the windows. Jay tenses up. She stands awkwardly, grabs her bag and wa out of the classroom. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: The heavy door opens a crack. Jay peeks out - just an eye She sees a few college students chatting together near th of the hall. An administrator pushes an AV cart out of a nearby classroom. Jay opens the door the rest of the way and steps into the hall. She looks around as she makes her way down the long passage. She eyes classes in session. Jay runs her hand along the wall. A few more steps onward Far off - at the opposite end of the hall - Jay sees the woman walk very slowly into view. Jay swallows hard as her breathing quickens. She watches curiosity and fear as the old woman stares ahead and move closer. Jay stops and waits. The CHATTING STUDENTS, a few girls laughing and gossiping the middle of the hall, fail to notice as the old woman w straight through their semi-circle. Jay stares, puzzled over the lack of attention to the old woman in pajamas. Though still far off, the old woman keeps coming closer.
58) 0) text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, lo around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards. As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking can a bell rattle. A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard. Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighb house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears. Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter