4) 0) text: Jay walks inside, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet. In the adjoining living room, Kelly sits with her friends watching a bad comedy. They're sprawled across the furnit On tv: a man talks with his English-speaking dog about th woman he loves. The dog offers bad romantic advice. PAUL, 17, eats cheese curls on the lounge chair. YARA, 17, is slumped into the couch cushions with her leg across the coffee table; a pair or glasses on her nose. S reads an ebook on her pink-shell-compact smartphone, stil managing to laugh at the television. Jay stops alongside Kelly and watches a moment of the mov Jay smiles and waves to Yara, who glances up just long en to see who's around.
4) 6) dialog: Hey Jay.
4) 10) dialog: What? Yara casually farts, staring down at her telephone screen
23) 0) text: Kelly sits on the stoop of her front porch with her neighborhood friends. They're playing 'Old Maid'. Paul po liquor from his flask into a Coke can. Yara reads from he pink-shell-compact cell phone while sorting her hand of c
23) 2) dialog: Yeah. Paul hands Kelly the can of pop. She takes a sip and crin from the taste. Gross. Kelly shakes off the sting of cheap booze and examines he cards. She holds the old maid card - unfortunately. She tries to maintain her poker face while looking back a Paul.
23) 7) dialog: Your mom asleep already?
23) 9) dialog: Yeah that's rough.
23) 12) dialog: You love serving hot dogs and ice cream to weird old people and crying children.
23) 19) dialog: Of course. (CONTINUED)
23) 24) dialog: At least she's nice. Yara gives Paul a dirty look. He smirks back and she kick him in the leg. The old Ford Galaxy races up the street and stops in fron the house. Kelly and her friends turn and watch as Hugh r out and opens the back door on the far side of the car. T engine is still running. Kelly and her friends watch as Hugh pulls something from backseat. Kelly begins to stand.
41) 0) text: Jay walks past the Rackham "Bear" Fountain - kids throw pennies into the copper water. We follow behind her. She appears nervous - keeping her distance from others - scan the crowds. To her right, lions sprawl across the floor of their den. Giraffes step through the Egyptian exhibit as Jay crosses nearby walkway. EXT. CONCESSION STAND - DAY 42a Jay walks up to a large concession stand where Kelly and are working. In uniform, Kelly serves cups of cola and hotdogs to zoo- goers. Near the counter with supplies in hand, Paul notic Jay, and stops.
41) 1) dialog: Hey, what are you doing here?
41) 3) dialog: You ok?
41) 7) dialog: We're both taking a break in a few minutes. If you want to sit down and wait... Kelly works feverishly in the background.
41) 9) dialog: So hot out, isn't it?
41) 11) dialog: Want some ice cream? Jay looks back at the young man and nods. She really woul
42) 0) text: Sitting in the underwater tunnel, Jay leans against the g rubs her temples and holds her face as she tries to relax Paul and Kelly watch alongside her.
42) 3) dialog: Did you know her? (CONTINUED)
42) 11) dialog: What exactly is supposed to be following you? Kelly glares at Paul - don't encourage this.
42) 19) dialog: I could stay over tonight if it would make you feel better. Jay and Kelly simultaneously glance in Paul's direction.
42) 21) dialog: Like on the couch or something.
42) 26) dialog: Um... The girls laugh.
42) 27) dialog: I'm choosing to ignore these insults to my character... (CONTINUED)
42) 31) dialog: I will stay up all night and keep an eye out for anything weird. Nothing's gonna happen. OK? Jay looks up at Paul and her sister - exhaling a light br
46) 0) text: On the television, a monster roars and a woman screams. Paul sits on the couch watching a black and white horror Blankets and pillows cover the couch. He eats popcorn and candy in the dim room. There's tinny gunfire from the television. Alien sounds reverberate. Paul tosses some more popcorn in his mouth as the on-scre hero embraces the damsel in distress. The woman on the tv cries and kisses the hero. Paul slump into his pillow with a sigh.
50) 0) text: We follow behind Jay as she carries her blanket and pillo down the hallway into the living room. Still awake and watching a midnight movie, Paul sits up a fixes his hair as the pretty girl plops down on the small love-seat across from him.
50) 2) dialog: That's ok. Sleep here. Jay smiles and pulls the covers over herself. They sit together - quiet - watching the television.
50) 3) dialog: You really ok? Jay pauses - then looks at Paul. She shrugs her shoulders
50) 4) dialog: Everything's gonna be cool. Jay nods her head. On the television, several soldiers lu giant monster into an electrical trap.
50) 5) dialog: It's funny, I haven't spent the night over here since we were kids. (CONTINUED)
50) 9) dialog: Shut up. I'm serious. It's cool to spend time with you.
50) 11) dialog: We used to hang out all the time. Remember? Jay nods. *
50) 12) dialog: At some point, it must've been weird for you having a guy friend that was younger than you.
50) 14) dialog: No. Not a big deal. * On the tv, a soldier flips a switch and sends a giant arc electricity into the towering monster. *
50) 16) dialog: I know.
50) 18) dialog: No. You were. *
50) 22) dialog: Do you remember that time we found all the porno magazines in the alley by Barry's Pizza?
50) 24) dialog: We were such stupid kids.
50) 26) dialog: We're all sitting on Greg's front lawn with a dozen dirty magazines sprawled everywhere and we're laughing... Jay chuckles at the memory.
50) 28) dialog: And Greg's mom?! Remember her face when she came outside and saw us all sitting around reading that shit? Jay laughs along with Paul. *
50) 30) dialog: I got one too. * Jay and Paul smile to each other from across the room. * They hear the sound of glass breaking.
50) 31) dialog: What the fuck? Paul stares at Jay - worried.
50) 35) dialog: There's a broken window in the kitchen, but nobody's there.
50) 37) dialog: Yes. Jay doesn't appear comforted.
50) 38) dialog: Whoever broke it ran away.
50) 40) dialog: I'm gonna wake up your sister. She should probably call.
50) 43) dialog: (0.S.)
52) 2) dialog: (behind door) Jay, can you open the door? Jay shakes her head.
52) 7) dialog: (behind door) There's nothing in the house, Jay.
52) 11) dialog: (behind door) I'm not gonna let anything happen to you. Open the door and we'll figure it out. Jay doesn't move.
52) 12) dialog: (behind door) There's nothing here. Jay gets up and slowly walks to the door. She reaches for handle and turns it. Peeking out, she sees Paul and Kelly standing alone.
52) 21) dialog: Somebody broke the window. That really happened.
52) 36) dialog: Hey, wait!
53) 4) dialog: (to Kelly) I'll get her. Paul runs into the hallway - disappearing down the stairw Jay lowers herself to the fence and hops into the alleywa A boy's bicycle leans against the neighbor's house. Jay g it, jumps on and rides off into the street.
54) 0) text: Greg sits with a pretty girl in his open garage, smoking joint. They're flirting - his hand on her leg. Greg notices Jay pedaling the kid's bike into the street. watches, puzzled, as she rides off. Paul emerges from the front door.
55) 3) dialog: Jay! Kelly, Paul and Yara emerge from the darkness of the park Meeting in the open lot, Kelly runs up to Jay.
55) 18) dialog: Somebody broke into their house.
56) 0) text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Y and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers. The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods bec poorer - more decayed and urban. Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down t street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself unnaturally. Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfec divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole. They pass him and continue on.
58) 0) text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, lo around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards. As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking can a bell rattle. A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard. Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighb house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears. Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter
63) 0) text: Paul enters the upstairs bedroom. Water-stains line the w An old mattress sits on the floor. Debris and clothes box fill the space. Paul digs carefully through the cardboard boxes - sorting through a few remaining articles of clothes. A couple pai socks. Some underwear.
66) 0) text: Under some crumpled and stained tissue paper, Paul discov small stack of porn magazines. He lifts them and sits on the edge of the bed, sifting th the various covers. He selects one and casually flips through the magazine - perusing a nude woman's pictorial. Jay enters the bedroom and sees him. She shakes her head moves to the bedroom's far window. It's taped over with newspapers and comic book pages. A few tears allow some morning light into Hugh's grim-looking sleep quarters. Jay peeks through a hole in the comic book page, looking at the nearby field. She sees a homeless man walking thro the tall grass. He disappears behind a tree. Jay backs aw quickly, bumping the string of cans with her arm. Paul turns another page and finds a loose photo wedged in He pulls the picture out and examines it.
66) 1) dialog: Hey, look at this.
66) 3) dialog: Is this him? Jay moves to the bed and looks down at the photo in Paul' hand. She sees a younger, teenage-version of Hugh with so old girlfriend. They both have bad haircuts. The girl, a cheerleader, is wearing a boy's oversized high school letterman jacket. It reads: Lawson Vikings.
66) 4) dialog: Do you recognize the letterman jacket?
66) 8) dialog: Somebody's gonna know his real name. Jay looks closely at Hugh's smiling face.
70) 0) text: Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kids waiting for their parents. Yara sleeps on Kelly's shoulde Greg and Jay open their doors and hop into the front. The high school building is visible through the front win (CONTINUED)
70) 3) dialog: Did they know?
70) 6) dialog: Not Hugh?
73) 2) dialog: Thank you. Yara grabs a crispy treat and begins to eat.
73) 10) dialog: Is that really possible?
77) 0) text: Jay and Paul string bells and bottles over the windows an doors. Sitting on the floor - threading old soup cans wit string, Jay speaks into an old 70’s-style phone receiver.
79) 0) text: Greg stands next to Jay as she fires the handgun at a far row of canned goods and mini cereal boxes. He helps to adjust her aim. Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shots ri out and echo. Yara reads from her phone. Paul seems irritated.
81) 0) text: Yara dives underwater, kicking her feet above the surface Loud splashes. Kelly holds on to the anchor-rope, floating calmly on her back. We notice Greg glancing over at Kelly, treading water wit beer in hand. Jay swims alone. Drying his face with a towel, Paul watches her from the b
84) 0) text: A bell rings. Jay turns and sees Paul step through her doorway. He closes the door with a final rattle and ring. Jay stares up at him from her bed. Rain pours against the window.
84) 2) dialog: Hi. How are you?
84) 4) dialog: Yeah. Paul sits down on the side of her bed. He looks over and her. She glances back. There's a silence in the room. Jay shifts under her cover Paul reaches over and holds Jay's hand. They sit in silen Jay stares down at their hands - intertwined. She appears bit uneasy. Paul leans down and tries to kiss Jay. She pulls her head away.
84) 6) dialog: What? Jay doesn't know what to say.
84) 7) dialog: I know you feel kind of alone and I just wanted to tell you that... I'm here for you.
84) 11) dialog: No, I mean... I'm here for you. Paul places his hand on Jay's leg. Finally understanding he's saying, she politely moves his hand away.
86) 0) text: A grey mist has settled over the area. Jay relaxes on one of the lawn chairs in the center of th field - near the lake. A breeze tussles her hair. She app calm, but sad. Kelly, Greg and Paul lounge around her - some on the wet - others in chairs. Paul stares lovingly at Jay. She watches the horizon. Behind Jay - over her shoulder - we watch as Yara steps f the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road. Yara walks closer. Paul looks off - into her direction. Greg notices Kelly's leg - stretched across the grass. Sh sees him checking her out. His warm eyes cause her to loo away - more from shyness than anything else. (CONTINUED)
88) 2) dialog: Fuck! The bullet slices through Yara’s forehead and ricochets o her temple. Blood pours from her skull as she slumps to t ground.
90) 0) text: Jay locks the front door and slumps onto the ground. She starts to cry. Kelly tries to hold her but she can't be consoled. Paul lifts his shirt and sees a swollen red welt across h abdomen. Jay peeks up toward the front window. She sees a large ma looking in through the glass. He shuffles slowly to the s out of sight. Smash!!! There's a loud pounding from the front door. The wood sha It hits again. The banging gets louder. A foot breaks through the bottom of the door. The women scream. Paul jumps in fear. Yara watches as wood splinters from the center - seemingl without cause. Jay watches as the foot kicks out a medium chunk of panel from the bottom of the door. The foot retracts and disappears. Silence - except for the soft crying within the room. The friends and siblings look to the door - waiting. Slowly... we push in... closer on the hole... Greg appears, looking in through the broken door - his he tilted at an angle.
90) 7) dialog: It's trying to get in! We didn’t do it!
90) 17) dialog: I don't know! Greg stares into the lake house with anger and confusion don't see anything other than hysterical teenagers.
94) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes again... She sees her mother sitting in a nearby chair. The door i closed. Paul, Greg, Kelly and Yara lay around the room - scattere odd places: chairs, the end of the bed, the window sill. The television is on, but no one is watching it. It's not but a half-muted light source in an otherwise dim room. We hear voices - whispering around us. Nothing sounds rig
99) 0) text: Kelly rests on a small couch - magazines on her lap. Paul sits in a chair - watching across the hallway - look into Jay's room. He watches Greg smile and chat with her casually eating applesauce from Jay's food tray. Jay's face is partially hidden by the edge of the doorway Paul stares with obvious envy.
104) 0) text: Kelly and Paul sit on the porch talking, drinking and listening to music. Near the garage - Yara is chatting wi someone on her pink cell phone. Greg walks out from his front door. He crosses the street approaches the gang on the porch.
104) 8) dialog: Have you seen anything? Paul stares Greg down - letting him know that he knows. Yara covers her tiny grin - they're all in on it. Greg silently shakes his head. Nope. The group is quiet for a moment as they consider this.
104) 18) dialog: She didn't make it up.
104) 20) dialog: That chair cracked in mid-air, something knocked me over, and the door... it didn't break on its own.
119) 4) dialog: Paul.
119) 7) dialog: You could pass it on. Jay shakes her head. She won't. Not again.
119) 8) dialog: You did once.
119) 10) dialog: I could... (CONTINUED)
119) 14) dialog: I liked you too, ya know. Jay takes a breath, fidgeting with her t-shirt. She knows
119) 15) dialog: Why did you pick Greg? Jay looks down at her legs. She pulls them closer to her chest - she taps her knee lightly.
119) 18) dialog: I wanna help you. Paul caresses Jay's hand. She stares off - disconnected f his touch.
119) 20) dialog: Yeah. I do. Jay pulls her hand away slowly. (CONTINUED)
119) 23) dialog: Jay?
119) 25) dialog: Do you trust me? Jay nods and turns to Paul - ready to hear.
119) 26) dialog: Well... do you remember where we were the first time we kissed? Jay nods yes.
120) 0) text: Jay climbs into the passenger seat - behind her we see Ya and Kelly getting into the back and putting on their seat belts. Paul closes the trunk and climbs into the driver’s seat. Outside, the neighbor boys are playing ball in the front They steal glances towards the car and Jay. (CONTINUED)
120) 5) dialog: I know how to get there. Mostly.
120) 8) dialog: Who brought you? Yara kicks Paul’s seat - not smiling. *
120) 9) dialog: Ok. Paul starts the car and begins to back up. He throws his over the passenger seat and guides the car backwards. Mus plays from the radio. As the car reverses, we see more and more of Jay's house roof is revealed. Jay is looking the opposite way. An OLD NAKED MAN is standing on the roof - looking down a Jay. No one sees him.
120) 13) dialog: And in the car.
120) 19) dialog: Not really. Whatever. There’s chlorine. Jay glances back towards her house... On the roof, she sees the naked, wrinkled man with red ha standing on the edge - staring at her. He's fully upright shoulders out, standing on the roof. He doesn't move. He just watches her. Jay holds her breath in fear. Paul pulls into the street and puts the car in drive. Jay's view shifts as the car lurches around - rides the b of the soft curb. Paul accelerates and guides the car down the street. Jay turns away and stares ahead - tears in her eyes.
121) 0) text: We speed along Interstate 75 - going south. We see only t road racing towards us - scenery changing. The hum of the car engine. Deeper and deeper into the city we drive. Passing exit signs for mile roads. Ducking under rotting overpasses. Broken buildings wave from the edge of the expressway. Gu plants momentarily block out the harsh sun. Dangerous streets and alleyways loom along their path. The camera slowly rotates around, pointing back through t front windshield - revealing Paul behind the wheel. Jay s in the passenger seat. Kelly and Yara are in the back. Th kids are solemn and quiet. The hum of the road is hypnoti - tiring. They sit in silence as they drive on.
123) 0) text: Small figures in the darkness, Jay and her friends walk u a large stone structure at the edge of an inner-city neighborhood. Paul pulls open a loose window and begins to crawl inside
124) 1) dialog: How long do you think it will be? Jay shakes her head. (CONTINUED)
124) 7) dialog: It's been a long time since we were here together. Jay nods her head, splashing the water gently.
124) 8) dialog: You kissed me right over there... I think.
124) 10) dialog: Uh huh. Jay raises her brow - a sad smile on her face. Across the way, Kelly and Yara stretch out in the shiftin shadows of the pool.
126) 0) text: Paul pulls household irons, curlers and a radio from his duffle bag - rolls of extensions cords. Jay empties her backpack onto the ground. Yara places a s television near the edge of the pool. The girls string electrical cords across doorways, and un chairs toward the water. Plugging in tattered cords to dusty outlets. Along the edge of the room, Paul digs through a utility c - unearthing an old space heater.
131) 0) text: Jay waits, alone in the pool - focused on the main entran Everyone is silent. She listens to the sounds of rain... the soft clatter of unseen machinery. Air ducts and pool reverberate. Jay scans the doorways - turning lightly within the water Watching. Tense. Shadows flicker along the walls. The reflections of water against stone. The camera pans across the giant space. The teenagers pos like figures within a grander painting. Positions have shifted minimally. Kelly sits near the pool’s edge - leaning back on her han palms flat against the cold and wet tile. Rain falls against one of the high windows - through whic outside light enters - creating descending drops of shado across the room. Paul leans against the side wall - watching - rubbing his injured side casually over his t-shirt. Across the way, Yara rests in one of the metal folding ch chewing on licorice - a foot tucked under a leg. Kelly looks to her sister, alone in the pool as she turns pivots. Seeing her older sister - afraid in this dark roo Kelly tries to hold in her sadness. Positioned behind Kelly, we watch Jay from a distance as stares into the emptiness - waiting for something to ente
131) 5) dialog: It's here?
131) 9) dialog: Jay, I need you to point at it. Keep your finger aimed at it so we can see where it is. In a single wide shot - Jay lifts her left hand and aims across the room - tracking the thing.
131) 10) dialog: Is it getting into the water?
131) 12) dialog: Ok... um...
131) 19) dialog: Just wait. Give it a minute.
131) 31) dialog: (to Jay)) Just keep pointing at it! Jay paddles, pointing at the man while crying - trying to catch her breath. Yara and Kelly hover in the background, screaming and shouting for information.
131) 38) dialog: Where is it? For an instant we see IT from Jay's POV. The man stares a her, but swings his hand out at Paul, reaching for him wi violent shake and tremor.
131) 43) dialog: Where?! Here?! Here?
131) 48) dialog: Where is it?! Moving along the pool’s edge, Kelly flags the sheet outwa letting it drift. It catches on something. She lets go an drops it down. The sheet collects over the moving figure man - revealing the thing walking amongst them. A person an old worn sheet. Yara gasps at the sight of it - shuffling past her. Paul tries to steady his aim. He fires at IT.
131) 53) dialog: Jay, do you see it? Is it still down there? Jay peers over the edge. We watch from above as Jay stares down into the pool. Ins of water, we see only deep red blood. Everything below th surface is obscured by the dense liquid. A pool of blood. As Jay stares in horror, we hear a cacophony of sounds - screeches and sirens - laughter and grunting - a birthing scream - children yelling - her mother’s laughter...
132) 0) text: A chair is propped against the door. Jay and Paul are laying on the couch - an old blanket cov their bodies. Jay looks into his eyes and waits for a sign. He nods his with love and anticipation. Jay moves on top of him - sitting up, pulling the blanket herself. They fumble underneath and begin to make love. Paul nervously touches her face. Staring up lovingly. She kisses him - holding her cast to her side. They stare into each others eyes. For the first time they thinking only of each other. A moment of connection through the physical. Rain against basement window. They move slowly with pleasure.
132) 2) dialog: You’re not. Jay nods and continues. She pushes harder against him - exhaling - smiling down a him. Paul stares at Jay’s face. We watch from across the room now. The quiet basement. A thunderstorm outside. The young lovers on an old couch.
133) 0) text: Wrapped in the blanket, holding each other, Jay and Paul Faces close together. Whispering.
133) 1) dialog: Do you feel any different? Jay shakes her head. No.
133) 5) dialog: No. Jay kisses Paul.
135) 0) text: Paul drives through a run-down neighborhood within the in city. He stares at a row of prostitutes. Tight skirts. Revealing tops. They eye him. Paul watches them as he passes. The women appear to move in slow motion.
136) 0) text: Jay sits across from Paul in Yara’s hospital room. He lay back in a chair - eyes closed and napping. Yara is eating in bed, as she reads something from her ph
140) 0) text: Dead but colorful leaves cover the ground. We move forwar along the sidewalk. Up ahead, a man rakes his front yard. A few children buil fort out of the fallen leaves. Lines of red and orange ac the grass. Jay and Paul hold hands as they walk together through the neighborhood. The cast is gone. Far behind them, a teenager in a coat marches slowly alon edge of the road. Jay smiles to Paul and he smiles back. They stare out at autumnal suburbia - pretty and clean.