0) 0) text: ANNIE (20) stumbles out the front door of her parent's lakeside home. She's in her pajamas, - wearing red pumps. moves with urgency and a primal fear. She looks back as she runs, turning onto the street. We hear the screen door open and close again. Annie slows down, a few houses down. She stops and turns towards her home, standing in the center of the street. Street lamps and oak trees line the block. It's quiet. Annie stares ahead - seeing something - she starts to back up. One step. Then another. Click of heels on concrete. Slowly, tracking backwards, Annie remains focused on some - fearful. We see nothing. Nearby, a young couple, pulling groceries from their car notice Annie walking in the street. The WOMAN steps towar the sidewalk - concerned.
0) 1) dialog: Hey, are you ok? Annie nods to the woman, but remains focused on something else.
0) 2) dialog: You need some help?
3) 1) text: JAIME "JAY" HEIGHT, a pretty 19 year old girl, relaxes in hot tub - sipping a cola. Droplets of sweat dot her cheek forehead. A breeze pushes a swarm of white dandelion seeds through air, swirling past the young woman's face. Jay stares up at a couple of birds hopping along the tele wire overhead. She smiles as they hop and peck - sharing food. A squirrel races along the wire causing the birds to fly Jay looks down - stretching her arms out in the hot water She looks at her hands and legs immersed in bubbles. The bright sun reflects against the surface. Something irritates her shoulder. Jay turns her head and at her upper arm just above the water. She sees a tiny re moving toward her elbow. She watches it closely for a moment, then lowers her arm the water, dispelling the tiny insect in a swirl. The glass door slides open - KELLY, Jay's 17-year-old sis leans out from the doorway in her summer clothes - it’s a Indian Summer.
4) 0) text: Jay walks inside, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet. In the adjoining living room, Kelly sits with her friends watching a bad comedy. They're sprawled across the furnit On tv: a man talks with his English-speaking dog about th woman he loves. The dog offers bad romantic advice. PAUL, 17, eats cheese curls on the lounge chair. YARA, 17, is slumped into the couch cushions with her leg across the coffee table; a pair or glasses on her nose. S reads an ebook on her pink-shell-compact smartphone, stil managing to laugh at the television. Jay stops alongside Kelly and watches a moment of the mov Jay smiles and waves to Yara, who glances up just long en to see who's around.
5) 0) text: Jay stands alongside her date, HUGH (21), waiting in a lo line to buy tickets. They stand under the marquee, lookin out at the street and the passing crowds. Hugh has a look of contentment on his face. The couple ki A woman behind them glares and makes a face - jealous and irritated by their public affection. They don't notice - us.
39) 0) text: A man lectures at the front of the class. Chalk marks fil the board, along with the printed notation of "Fall Semes Sociology". 20 or so young adults sit throughout the room at desks an chairs - shorts and t-shirts fail to fend off the humidit Jay writes notes by pencil at the far edge of the classro The large windows to her right show the adjacent square. Jay bites on the edge of her pencil as she stares out at campus. The heat is visible. Sweat forms on her skin. She fans herself with a book. Greg sits on the opposite side of the classroom - near th back. He glances over at Jay - watching her with concern curiosity. Students walk lazily along the pathways near the square. watches them walk. The teacher's voice fades from her ear A few people relax on blankets in the grass - sharing foo talking. Jay sees an OLD WOMAN IN PAJAMAS walking very slowly - emerging from behind a row of trees. She focuses on the w as she hobbles along. The old lady steps directly across the blankets of studyi students, passing between couples without notice. She sta with her mouth open, looking directly at Jay. Jay takes a breath and watches with frightened eyes. The old woman walks closer and closer to the building, mo past some shrubs - approaching the windows. Jay tenses up. She stands awkwardly, grabs her bag and wa out of the classroom. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: The heavy door opens a crack. Jay peeks out - just an eye She sees a few college students chatting together near th of the hall. An administrator pushes an AV cart out of a nearby classroom. Jay opens the door the rest of the way and steps into the hall. She looks around as she makes her way down the long passage. She eyes classes in session. Jay runs her hand along the wall. A few more steps onward Far off - at the opposite end of the hall - Jay sees the woman walk very slowly into view. Jay swallows hard as her breathing quickens. She watches curiosity and fear as the old woman stares ahead and move closer. Jay stops and waits. The CHATTING STUDENTS, a few girls laughing and gossiping the middle of the hall, fail to notice as the old woman w straight through their semi-circle. Jay stares, puzzled over the lack of attention to the old woman in pajamas. Though still far off, the old woman keeps coming closer.
46) 0) text: On the television, a monster roars and a woman screams. Paul sits on the couch watching a black and white horror Blankets and pillows cover the couch. He eats popcorn and candy in the dim room. There's tinny gunfire from the television. Alien sounds reverberate. Paul tosses some more popcorn in his mouth as the on-scre hero embraces the damsel in distress. The woman on the tv cries and kisses the hero. Paul slump into his pillow with a sigh.
51) 0) text: Jay hesitantly peeks inside the kitchen doorway. A HALF-NAKED YOUNG WOMAN, with a slight resemblance to Ja walks very slowly towards her. Small steps. She's missing her two front teeth, while urinating throug brown suede skirt. Dark circles around her eyes. A tube sock on one foot. Th other bare. Immodest and vulgar. Jay chokes on a scream and backs away. She knocks over some household nick-knacks as she crosses dining room. Rushing towards the stairwell - Jay runs up to the home's second floor. A mad dash.
55) 0) text: Jay rides the bike into the middle of the park. She stops an open area near the swings and an old spider-web jungle Rusted cartoon faces hover over the play area on the tops the gym's posts. The chains of the swings rattle in the wind. Jay steps off the bike and lays it down on the sandy grou She looks around at the open park. Large elm trees and di paths spread out around the grassy patches of the block. Jay watches for movement. It's quiet and still. She walks across the lot towards the swings and sits down nearly in shock - trying to calm herself - looking for something grounded and real. She starts to swing - very lightly. A young woman in paja alone in the night. (CONTINUED)
56) 0) text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Y and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers. The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods bec poorer - more decayed and urban. Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down t street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself unnaturally. Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfec divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole. They pass him and continue on.
58) 0) text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, lo around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards. As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking can a bell rattle. A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard. Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighb house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears. Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter
66) 0) text: Under some crumpled and stained tissue paper, Paul discov small stack of porn magazines. He lifts them and sits on the edge of the bed, sifting th the various covers. He selects one and casually flips through the magazine - perusing a nude woman's pictorial. Jay enters the bedroom and sees him. She shakes her head moves to the bedroom's far window. It's taped over with newspapers and comic book pages. A few tears allow some morning light into Hugh's grim-looking sleep quarters. Jay peeks through a hole in the comic book page, looking at the nearby field. She sees a homeless man walking thro the tall grass. He disappears behind a tree. Jay backs aw quickly, bumping the string of cans with her arm. Paul turns another page and finds a loose photo wedged in He pulls the picture out and examines it.
69) 0) text: Through the glass we watch as Jay and Greg speak with a c of school employees. The photo sits on the counter betwee them. One woman grabs a large book from a shelf, opens it and f through pages as a man types slowly on his old computer. watches. Jay stops and turns, looking out past us and the camera, scanning the area - she is constantly on guard. Jay turns back and listens as the woman talks. The camera pans again, back towards the window. Outside, the couple are still kissing behind the tree. A YOUNG WOMAN WITH RED HAIR is walking towards the buildi carrying a backpack. A few teen girlfriends cross the window, laughing and chatting.
71) 0) text: Greg's car pulls up in front of a large upper-middle-clas house on the more rural edge of the county. Well manicure lawns enhance the neighborhood's stature. Jay climbs out of the car and walks up to the front door. friends pile out of the car and stand around it, like a r gang from a B-picture version of "West Side Story". Jay rings the bell and waits. She looks down the street - watching the empty road. The door opens and a friendly middle-aged woman in a rump shirt and "mom jeans" greets Jay. MRS. REDMOND smiles and looks to her. (CONTINUED)
92) 0) text: Starting the car, Jay sees a young woman, Annie, walk pas Greg and the others - staring at her from a distance. Greg is shouting - trying to calm everyone down. Jay continues to cry - not loudly - just streams of involuntary tears. She throws the car into gear. Kelly runs from the side of the house, spotting her siste the car.
93) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes. Her head is slightly bandaged around forehead. A small circle of dried blood rests on the cott wrap - an IV in her left arm. Her right arm is covered in a cast - extending from her fingers to her bicep. Jay sees the foot of her hospital bed. A monitor and the doorway leading to a hallway. She stares into the hall. An empty waiting room is visibl beyond another door. A NOSY WOMAN passes by - peeking over at Jay. An unseen MAN screams in pain from a distant room.
117) 0) text: Stepping out of the woods, Jay finds herself along the ed Lake St. Claire. She looks out at the deep waters as a motorboat slows in the distance. A few shirtless YOUNG MEN drink beer in the boat as it ro and sways. Listening to music, they don't notice the youn woman on shore. Jay focuses on the men. A thought crosses her eyes. Jay takes off her pants and shirt as she steps into the l She moves out, bracing herself against the cold - letting cast drop carelessly into the water. She swims further. The boat is ahead. The young men grow closer and closer. Jay slows and stops. She's near the boat now. The music a laughter is louder. She looks up at the figures of men - considering. She starts to call out, but stops. Her eyes show melancholy as she paddles in place. I can't do this. Jay exhales and drops down into the water. She's gone. We sit on the surface of the lake watching the young men the boat drink and laugh. Eventually, they start the engi and cruise off along the horizon. A flock of birds fly overhead. The water is still. Jay pops up several yards away - nearly out of frame - ga for air. She fights to swim back.