4) 0) text: Jay walks inside, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet. In the adjoining living room, Kelly sits with her friends watching a bad comedy. They're sprawled across the furnit On tv: a man talks with his English-speaking dog about th woman he loves. The dog offers bad romantic advice. PAUL, 17, eats cheese curls on the lounge chair. YARA, 17, is slumped into the couch cushions with her leg across the coffee table; a pair or glasses on her nose. S reads an ebook on her pink-shell-compact smartphone, stil managing to laugh at the television. Jay stops alongside Kelly and watches a moment of the mov Jay smiles and waves to Yara, who glances up just long en to see who's around.
4) 2) dialog: The Idiot. (CONTINUED)
4) 5) dialog: I don't know yet. It's about Paul. Paul makes a face toward Yara - irritated. Jay leans over the couch, letting water drip onto her sis face. Kelly swats her away.
4) 9) dialog: Hey, I have an idea...
4) 11) dialog: Oh... it got away. Kelly and Paul laugh and grimace as Yara grins like a chi She scrolls and swipes, reading the novel on her phone. Jay raises her brow and heads for the hallway. Paul turns and glances at Jay as she walks away - eyeing older girl. Yara and Kelly notice him staring at Jay. They smile to e other - aware that he's love-struck and hopeless.
23) 0) text: Kelly sits on the stoop of her front porch with her neighborhood friends. They're playing 'Old Maid'. Paul po liquor from his flask into a Coke can. Yara reads from he pink-shell-compact cell phone while sorting her hand of c
23) 3) dialog: (veading from her cell phone) Listen to this... “I think that if one is faced by inevitable destruction -- if a house is falling upon you, for instance -- one must feel a great longing to sit down, close one's eyes and wait, come what may...”
23) 10) dialog: I never wanna have a job. Yara's eyes dart excitedly over her cell phone screen. Sh smiles and nods to herself - enjoying some undisclosed pr
23) 14) dialog: Where's Jay at?
23) 17) dialog: Who is he?
23) 22) dialog: Your sister is so pretty. It's annoying.
43) 0) text: Yara sits on the toilet in her pajamas clipping her toena while chewing on a red vine. She appears focused. Jay and Kelly brush their teeth in front of the sink, lau to each other in the mirror. Kelly wears her old and tatt Amanda B’s Dance Team shirt. With toothpaste filled mouths...
43) 5) dialog: (matter of fact) It's probably anxiety.
47) 0) text: Kelly sleeps soundly in her bed. Yara is awake in her sle bag, reading Dostoyevsky via cell phone. The monster movie can be heard faintly. Through Kelly's window, we see the outer yard. It's mostl dark and very still. We hold on the window - moving close it - watching - waiting... 49 50 51 40.
52) 30) dialog: (behind door) No. It's me.
52) 32) dialog: Yup. Kelly stands and approaches the door. She unlocks it, gra the doorknob and turns...
55) 9) dialog: What were you running away from? Jay sees something. A silhouette moves through the street eyes turn towards the approaching shape.
55) 14) dialog: It's... a person. Stepping into the light from nearby street lamps - Greg emerges from the darkness.
56) 0) text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Y and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers. The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods bec poorer - more decayed and urban. Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down t street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself unnaturally. Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfec divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole. They pass him and continue on.
58) 0) text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, lo around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards. As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking can a bell rattle. A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard. Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighb house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears. Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter
61) 0) text: Yara opens the fridge and makes a funny face at the sight open leftovers and rotten fruit.
61) 1) dialog: I don't think he spent a lot of time here.
64) 0) text: Standing on the counter, Yara digs through the upper cabi using her cell phone to illuminate the junk inside. Greg nearby, looking up at her legs. Admiring. Yara peeks into the cabinet. Pushing aside a dusty row of mugs... A cockroach runs out and scampers across her hand.
64) 1) dialog: Ebhh!! Fuck! Yara shakes her hand in disgust. Greg chuckles. 66 67 54.
70) 0) text: Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kids waiting for their parents. Yara sleeps on Kelly's shoulde Greg and Jay open their doors and hop into the front. The high school building is visible through the front win (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: Greg drives - staring at the dark road ahead. Yara snores the passenger seat - an open bag of potato snacks on her (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: Greg stands next to Jay as she fires the handgun at a far row of canned goods and mini cereal boxes. He helps to adjust her aim. Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shots ri out and echo. Yara reads from her phone. Paul seems irritated.
81) 0) text: Yara dives underwater, kicking her feet above the surface Loud splashes. Kelly holds on to the anchor-rope, floating calmly on her back. We notice Greg glancing over at Kelly, treading water wit beer in hand. Jay swims alone. Drying his face with a towel, Paul watches her from the b
86) 0) text: A grey mist has settled over the area. Jay relaxes on one of the lawn chairs in the center of th field - near the lake. A breeze tussles her hair. She app calm, but sad. Kelly, Greg and Paul lounge around her - some on the wet - others in chairs. Paul stares lovingly at Jay. She watches the horizon. Behind Jay - over her shoulder - we watch as Yara steps f the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road. Yara walks closer. Paul looks off - into her direction. Greg notices Kelly's leg - stretched across the grass. Sh sees him checking her out. His warm eyes cause her to loo away - more from shyness than anything else. (CONTINUED)
86) 3) dialog: You should get in the water! From her inner-tube, Yara looks back to her friends. Kell glances over to her sister. Jay yawns and stretches.
90) 0) text: Jay locks the front door and slumps onto the ground. She starts to cry. Kelly tries to hold her but she can't be consoled. Paul lifts his shirt and sees a swollen red welt across h abdomen. Jay peeks up toward the front window. She sees a large ma looking in through the glass. He shuffles slowly to the s out of sight. Smash!!! There's a loud pounding from the front door. The wood sha It hits again. The banging gets louder. A foot breaks through the bottom of the door. The women scream. Paul jumps in fear. Yara watches as wood splinters from the center - seemingl without cause. Jay watches as the foot kicks out a medium chunk of panel from the bottom of the door. The foot retracts and disappears. Silence - except for the soft crying within the room. The friends and siblings look to the door - waiting. Slowly... we push in... closer on the hole... Greg appears, looking in through the broken door - his he tilted at an angle.
90) 2) dialog: Greg, it's outside! Don’t open the door! (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: Jay opens her eyes again... She sees her mother sitting in a nearby chair. The door i closed. Paul, Greg, Kelly and Yara lay around the room - scattere odd places: chairs, the end of the bed, the window sill. The television is on, but no one is watching it. It's not but a half-muted light source in an otherwise dim room. We hear voices - whispering around us. Nothing sounds rig
104) 0) text: Kelly and Paul sit on the porch talking, drinking and listening to music. Near the garage - Yara is chatting wi someone on her pink cell phone. Greg walks out from his front door. He crosses the street approaches the gang on the porch.
104) 14) dialog: You really haven't seen anything? (CONTINUED)
104) 25) dialog: Bye. Greg walks across the street. Paul watches him go - happy see him leave.
118) 0) text: Jay drives the car down her street - her hair still damp cast soaking wet. As she pulls into her driveway, she see Kelly and Yara sitting on the porch - haggard and sad.
119) 0) text: Jay is resting on the floor of the darkened room. A towel wrapped around her cast. Some light peeks in through the drawn shades. Kelly and Yara are sleeping on the bed - pa out - a space of mourning. Yara snores a little. (CONTINUED)
120) 7) dialog: I haven't been to the pool since I was 14.
120) 11) dialog: Into the pool?
120) 14) dialog: Ewwww. Paul backs up to the edge of the driveway - waiting for c to pass.
120) 16) dialog: Disgusting. (CONTINUED)
121) 0) text: We speed along Interstate 75 - going south. We see only t road racing towards us - scenery changing. The hum of the car engine. Deeper and deeper into the city we drive. Passing exit signs for mile roads. Ducking under rotting overpasses. Broken buildings wave from the edge of the expressway. Gu plants momentarily block out the harsh sun. Dangerous streets and alleyways loom along their path. The camera slowly rotates around, pointing back through t front windshield - revealing Paul behind the wheel. Jay s in the passenger seat. Kelly and Yara are in the back. Th kids are solemn and quiet. The hum of the road is hypnoti - tiring. They sit in silence as they drive on.
122) 4) dialog: When I was a little girl my parents told me I wasn't allowed to go south of 8 mile. I didn't even understand what that meant. It wasn't until I got a little older that I realized that was where the city started and the suburbs ended. I started thinking how weird and shitty that was. I had to ask permission to go to the state fair with my best friend and her parents just because it was a few blocks past the border.
126) 0) text: Paul pulls household irons, curlers and a radio from his duffle bag - rolls of extensions cords. Jay empties her backpack onto the ground. Yara places a s television near the edge of the pool. The girls string electrical cords across doorways, and un chairs toward the water. Plugging in tattered cords to dusty outlets. Along the edge of the room, Paul digs through a utility c - unearthing an old space heater.
131) 0) text: Jay waits, alone in the pool - focused on the main entran Everyone is silent. She listens to the sounds of rain... the soft clatter of unseen machinery. Air ducts and pool reverberate. Jay scans the doorways - turning lightly within the water Watching. Tense. Shadows flicker along the walls. The reflections of water against stone. The camera pans across the giant space. The teenagers pos like figures within a grander painting. Positions have shifted minimally. Kelly sits near the pool’s edge - leaning back on her han palms flat against the cold and wet tile. Rain falls against one of the high windows - through whic outside light enters - creating descending drops of shado across the room. Paul leans against the side wall - watching - rubbing his injured side casually over his t-shirt. Across the way, Yara rests in one of the metal folding ch chewing on licorice - a foot tucked under a leg. Kelly looks to her sister, alone in the pool as she turns pivots. Seeing her older sister - afraid in this dark roo Kelly tries to hold in her sadness. Positioned behind Kelly, we watch Jay from a distance as stares into the emptiness - waiting for something to ente
131) 14) dialog: (frightened) What’s it doing?
131) 29) dialog: (smiling with relief) It didn’t work.
131) 41) dialog: Abhbh. Yara falls onto the ground - unnoticed by everyone.
136) 0) text: Jay sits across from Paul in Yara’s hospital room. He lay back in a chair - eyes closed and napping. Yara is eating in bed, as she reads something from her ph
136) 1) dialog: (veading with food in her mouth) “When there is torture there is pain and wounds, physical agony, and all this distracts the mind from mental suffering, so that one is tormented only by the wounds until the moment of death." Yara pauses to take a sip of milk through a straw - noisi she slurps. (CONTINUED)
136) 5) dialog: (taking a bite of food) “The most terrible agony may not be in the wounds themselves but in knowing for certain that within an hour, then within ten minutes, then within half a minute, now at this very instant - your soul will leave your body and you will no longer be a person, and that this is certain; the worst thing is that it is certain." Jay looks at Paul's handsome face. She tilts her head a b watching the young man at rest. Yara takes another large bite of food.