2) 17) text: DOBIE SPACKS walks through the grass, looking down, lost rumination. He pinches at his upper lip, trying to tweeze between his thumb and finger the fine down growing there. Dobie will soon be 16. He carries a pitcher of milk. Behi him, the Spacks House sits large, whitewashed, and Victor like some Edward Hopper sentinel. Ahead, WILLIAM PARCHER follows Dobie's mother towards a thick, twisted box elder tree growing on a rise in the la Parcher is a mischievous-looking rancher in his 50's, a moustache, glorious sideburns. Parcher carries a picnic basket. He hangs back and whispe conspiratorially to Dobie-
2) 19) dialog: Really?
2) 25) dialog: Mom got it special.
2) 32) dialog: There's a rider. Dobie points. Parcher gets to his feet and squints. A MAN ON A HORSE gallops towards them, half a mile away.
2) 54) dialog: The horses are ready.
2) 64) dialog: Ida and Daphne... I think those where their names. Dobie can't help but glance through the doorway into the girls' bedroom where lie- The TWO DEAD WILLIAMS GIRLS. Small nightshirt-clad bodies twisted in sheets torn and singed by buckshot. Remarkably little blood. Child flesh chewed like ground chuck. Dobie is close to retching. These are far from the first corpse Parcher’s seen. Any concern he shows is for Dobie, almost like a kind uncle.
2) 66) dialog: No.
2) 69) dialog: That gun only fires twice. (Parcher waits for him) ...-He would have had to reload. To kill everybody.
2) 72) dialog: Alright.
2) 112) dialog: But the Stewarts are...
3) 0) text: Two dozen BLUECOATS, Parcher, Dutch, Dobie, Callaghan, an H.V. before four open graves. Clay, at the head-
3) 15) dialog: Mr. Parcher! What... Parcher gathers his wits.
3) 20) dialog: Yessir. Parcher stands as Dobie spurs his horse forward. Once he' out of earshot-
3) 46) dialog: Is that a horse? He hands Dobie the binoculars. Dobie peers through- DOBIE'S TELEPHOTO POV- A MINECONJOU INDIAN, dismounted fr his HORSE, walking in small, irregular circles and starin the ground. The Mineconjou glances up, looking almost directly at Dob then continues his search of the ground.
3) 47) dialog: He's seen us.
3) 49) dialog: Then why ain't he run? ACROSS THE PLAINS- TWO COLUMNS of BLUECOATS, six men each break free of the group and CHARGE, galloping across the plains towards the lone Indian. DOBIE'S TELEPHOTO POV- The Indian sees the charging soldi He runs for his horse, a spotted mustang. The Mineconjou prepares to jump on his horse, as-— H.V. raises the rifle to his shoulder, takes aim... CRACK DOBIE'S POV- the horse jerks with the rifle's impact and twists sideways, falling to the ground. ACROSS THE PLAINS- The Indian jumps away from the falling beast as it kicks and pumps blood. The two columns of rid race towards him, flanking him North and South, closing i like pincers. The Indian turns and sprints West, tearing on foot throug the tall grass. The two columns of mounted soldiers close in, hooves THUNDER. 24. The SOUTHERN COLUMN sweeps in first, scooping around the Indian. He stops running and draws a knife. He turns away from the Southern Column just in time for t lead horse of the NORTHERN COLUMN to arrive, the mounted Bluecoat swinging his rifle like a club- CHUNK. The Indian catches the rifle flat across the side his head. His feet leave earth, he pinwheels through the air, head trailing blood, and SLAMS into the ground.
4) 0) text: Clay crouches over the horse H.V. shot. Nearby, two BLUECOATS bind the Indian's hands to a wagon wheel. Blood leaks from the Indian's brow. Ten Bear crouches in front him, MURMURING at the captive. Parcher looks at the Indian; Dobie and Dutch stand nearby staring. H.V. stands in the center, well-satisfied.
4) 60) dialog: What is it?
4) 63) dialog: Yessir. My father died there.
4) 66) dialog: Yessir, I heard that.
5) 33) dialog: Mr. Parcher! They look over. Dobie is waving from the grass near the e of camp. Clay and Parcher head over. H.V. moves in the opposite direction, towards his lieutenants.
5) 36) dialog: I dunno, sir.
5) 39) dialog: Sorry, sir?
6) 0) text: POUNDING HOOVES. Dutch, Clay, Parcher, and Dobie gallop o through the grass, moving quickly now that they're alone. Dutch looks back at the train of Bluecoats quickly vanish in the distance. Clay, riding ahead, slows his horse to examine another SHALLOW PIT in a ring of crushed grass.
6) 5) dialog: It's alright. Dutch takes a swig and passes, then gets to his feet wear stretching.
6) 10) dialog: Thank you, sir.
8) 7) text: Dutch watches the two try to repeat his throw, smiling as they keep missing. It’s a moment of near-relaxation, the three suddenly boys again. Dobie steps forward into the grass, and stoops down, searching the dark earth for another stone... Dutch pulls a piece of grass from its sheath and chews on tender base. FROM A DISTANCE- we see the five men alone in an ocean of grass, vulnerable. Dobie can’t find another stone. He pushes some grass asid and pauses. There’s an 8-inch lock of BLONDE HAIR pressed into the dark earth. Dobie’s hand hovers over the strands for a moment before lifting it from the ground. It’s human hair. He gives it gentle tug. SCHRT, the lock of hair RIPS free from the earth, a blood postage stamp of wet SCALP dangling from the end. Dobie’s jaw drops. He GASPS and flings the hair away. Callaghan steps over, looks down. There’s a patch of OPEN WOUND in WHITE FLESH in the ground. He kneels and pushes some looses soil from around the wou in the earth, revealing SKIN. Dutch walks slowly towards them. He sees the flung bloody lock of hair suspended in the tall grass. He spits out th piece of grass he was chewing on, looks at the ground whe Callaghan is pushing away the soil... Callaghan'’s digging reveals a WOMAN’S EYE, crusted with staring up at the sky. Dobie SCREAMS. The buried woman’s pupil CONTRACTS.
8) 33) dialog: Is that what rape is?
8) 35) dialog: Is that what rape is? 48.
9) 0) text: Parcher and Clay speak softly, low enough to escape the others' ears. Dobie approaches in the background, hearing the conversation already in progress-—
9) 7) dialog: Um... Is that... What's rape? 49. Parcher looks at him and grins. He looks at Clay.
10) 0) text: Dutch pulls tight the ropes holding Audrey to the wagon. She's lying face-up, eyes still open, on piled blankets. Dobie's horse is tied to the wagon. The other four horses are packed with provisions and camping gear. They're all getting ready to leave. Parcher, to Dobie-
10) 2) dialog: I could catch up with you in a day or two.
10) 6) dialog: I know it, sir. Dutch looks at the rising sun, still low over the horizon then at Audrey's unblinking eyes. He tries to push her li down one more time and again they slowly slide open. 52.
10) 8) text: We're sinking slowly towards the ground. Various shots, always lower: Dobie riding South alone with the comatose woman wearing Dutch's hat. The other four RIDE HARD North The sun climbs and we sink. Bleached buffalo bones mark t passing hours like sundials. The four riders pass the charred scrap remainders of a te village at a gallop. Lower and lower, the four ride into the NORTHERN PLAINS, varied country, we can see mountains in the distance. The land rises and falls, is dotted with small groups of tree scrub and silver-barked birch. SOUTHERN PLAINS- Still sinking. Dobie sees FOUR FIGURES o foot ahead, walking the trail towards him. NORTHERN PLAINS- Still sinking. Dutch and the others ride into scattered birch trees, almost glowing in the gloamin We sink into the earth, past PALE SHAPES that could be bo and might be moving.
10) 28) dialog: Hey, now... Don't... Dobie puts a hand on his gun. The Old Woman's still TALKI pointing at the gash with it's small white growths. The Old Man turns, doesn't even look at Dobie, grabs the and Teenage Girl, and all four walk swiftly away. Dobie, confused, watches them go. The Sioux walk swiftly the trail, they don't even look back.
10) 54) dialog: I guess we can make you a might more comfortable. Don't uh... Don't think I'm being forward or nothing. Dobie approaches Audrey, a little nervous. He shyly grins and lifts her from the wagon. Her eyes look up at the sky Dutch's hat falls from Audrey's head and onto the ground. Dobie lays Audrey on a thick pad of blankets.
10) 55) dialog: There. Now, lemme... Dobie pushes a rolled blanket beneath her head like a pil In the strange silence of the plains, we can hear the SCRATCHING of Audrey's toe in her shoe.
10) 56) dialog: Well, now. Right civilized. Dobie looks down at Audrey. His head bobs down towards he and he pauses. He grins nervously, looks around at the em plains. Then ducks down and pecks Audrey a quick KISS on lower, parched lip. While kissing her, the SCRATCHING STO 60.
10) 57) dialog: Good night. Dobie looks down at her, a goofy smile on his face. The SCRATCHING in her shoe starts again. Dobie furrows his br puzzled. He looks at the shoe. He reaches out timidly and covers Audrey's eyes. The SCRATCHING stops. He takes his hand away, the SCRATCHING starts again. Dobie takes a breath, repeats the experiment. Covers her eyes and the SCRATCHING stops, uncovers and it starts aga
10) 58) dialog: Jesus. You're awake. Dobie looks like he could cry.
10) 59) dialog: You're... I'm so sorry. What did... What did they do to you? Dobie looks down her. She stares sightlessly at the sky, toe SCRATCHING in her shoe. Dobie moves off to his own blankets. Beneath the SCRATCHING, out in the plains, we can hear th same RATTLING CREAK, a soothing GURGLE.
13) 0) text: Dobie's blue eye stares out of the soil. The ground bulge weakly over his wiggling finger.
13) 2) dialog: The mess wagon lays untouched in the clearing. FOUR BUZZA peck at Audrey's corpse, shriveled like a mummy. A buzzar tears her CLAVICLE free and flies away with it.
15) 0) text: The rising sun finds Dobie's blue eye, slightly clouded o staring up at the deep blue sky.