2) 21) dialog: Don't feed my boy your horse-shit, Mr. Parcher. GERTRUDE SPACKS, carrying a quilt, looks back at them. Sh in her early 50's, attractive, rich.
2) 23) dialog: Mind the cursing in front of my boy. They sit and Parcher begins to take food from the basket. Dobie looks up at the sun through the gnarled branches of elder. We hear the CREAK of twisting ropes.
2) 26) dialog: I baked it. The coconut came from back East. Parcher looks at the cake, then at Gertrude.
2) 28) dialog: That's disgusting.
2) 30) dialog: We have chicken and cornbread.
2) 36) dialog: Let's go, Dobie. Parcher SNAPS the cover guard off of his revolver. Dobie turns and looks. Parcher sees the boy eyeing the gun and grins a little bit.
2) 47) dialog: Dutch thirstily drains a glass of water, jams his derby b onto his head. The parlor is sparse, Victorian, dusty.
2) 49) dialog: I've made up my mind, Will.
2) 51) dialog: I don't have a man in this house, I've got a boy. You take him to Washburne Crick and bring him back and maybe I'll have two. Parcher's pleased with this. Gertrude turns to Dutch.
2) 52) dialog: Would you like more water? Dutch shakes his head.
2) 56) dialog: Be good. Mr. Parcher’s lived through everything this country could throw at him. You stay close and mind him, and you'll be fine. (then, to Parcher-) And you, too. She kisses him lightly on the cheek. Parcher mugs pleased shock before leaning to kiss her back. She shoves him off
2) 57) dialog: When you get back.
19) 3) dialog: Dutch perches uncomfortably on a wing-back chair as Gertr WEEPS softly, sitting on the sofa opposite. This has been going on for some time. Dutch holds his hat his knees, moving his hands along the brim. The GOLD CRUCIFIX dangles by its chain from Gertrude's ha Gertrude gets control, wipes at her face with a kerchief.
19) 4) dialog: Have you had lunch, Mr. Leijderova?
19) 6) dialog: Dobie's still alive.
19) 8) dialog: It's not a thinking matter. A mother would know. My son will come back to me. The GOLD CRUCIFIX is looped around Gertrude's neck.
19) 9) dialog: Do you like pineapple?
19) 11) dialog: I think you will. Parcher loved pineapple. She pauses.
19) 12) dialog: I’m sorry about Maryanne. (Dutch nods) Her poor family... I don't want to feel guilty. I think our duty is to live as well as we can. It gives reason to the sacrifices that men like Parcher and you made. A lot of Americans died so we could make a life here. It would be a sin if we didn't. They arrive in the shade of the Box Elder. Gertrude finge the gold cross. It’s still spotted with tiny WHITE GROWTH