2) 84) dialog: Looks like you found yourself a hole in the ground, Will. There’s an old rivalry between them. Parcher stands to fa the mounted men as a half dozen of H.V.'s BLUECOATS arriv behind them. Parcher grins at the insult, brushing the an from his hand.
2) 87) dialog: Hold up now. This is my command, I gotta know who we’re hunting. How long have the Indians had them? Clay looks annoyed at H.V.’s obvious, arrogant pleasure a exercising authority. The Bluecoats behind him are soldiers, between the ages o and 30. Other Bluecoats ride into the settlement below.
2) 89) dialog: That's more than long enough for those women to’ve been... Dobie looks at Parcher, long enough for what? Dutch looks sick with H.V.’s implication.
2) 91) dialog: You want to go face an Indian war party on your lonesome? Dutch clenches his fists, looks to Clay for support. Clay shakes his head, no.
2) 92) dialog: You go off alone, those blanket heads will peel you like an orange.
2) 94) dialog: You think it's the Sioux?
2) 96) dialog: The Sioux understand torture. 16. His intonation almost sounds like a cruel, inappropriate joke. At any rate, a few of the Bluecoats SNICKER.
2) 98) dialog: Your Occidental isn't coming in? Dutch shakes his head, close to puking. H.V. smirks and l the door shut. Dutch walks back out into the dirt patch and puts his han on his knees. The nausea passes and he spits, looks out a the horizon. Callaghan sits nearby.
2) 108) dialog: Send a scout to Fort Lincoln. Tell them to wagon up the gatlin and meet us at the reservation.
3) 45) dialog: Take a look yonder. Dobie squints into the distance. A SHAPE in the grass.
3) 48) dialog: You think I don’t know that?
4) 2) dialog: Christ, you gonna make us bury that, too? Clay stands and H.V. crosses to Ten Bear.
4) 3) dialog: What does he say?
4) 5) dialog: Ask what he was looking for in the grass. Ten Bear leans in close and MURMURS words to the Indian, making signs with his hands. No response. Dutch pulls the photo of the Stewarts from his vest and h it to Clay. Clay nods and crouches next to Ten Bear, show the photo to the captive. To Parcher-
4) 14) dialog: I'd rather walk in the right direction than run with my head up my ass. We're running short of daylight, we'll camp here.
4) 16) dialog: This isn't your outfit, Clay. If we need to raise any pigs, we’ll ask your advice. But renegade Indians are my job.
4) 18) dialog: These soldiers are under my authority. Mine. So long as you ride with us, you are, too. He tries to hand the family photo back to Clay, who lets drop in the grass. Dutch appeals to Clay-
4) 21) dialog: He'll talk. Dutch picks the Stewart family photo out of the grass and puts it back in his vest.
4) 47) dialog: Walnut! My tobacco's dry!
4) 50) dialog: Where's Walnut?
4) 52) dialog: Much obliged. H.V. takes the sack with one hand while he fishes in his with the other, pulling out a small TOBACCO POUCH that he tosses to Parcher. It looks like shriveled leather.
4) 54) dialog: Tobacco pouch.
4) 56) dialog: Came off an Injun. Big buck named Sackatabacky. A few Bluecoats LAUGH.
4) 58) dialog: My daddy was one of the men behind the rifles that held off the Sioux at the battle for New Ulm. H.V. meaningfully shakes the pouch.
4) 59) dialog: Henry Victor senior cut this off one of them Indians. Lends the tobacco a sweetness I've grown right partial to.
4) 62) dialog: You know the story of New Ulm, boy?
4) 64) dialog: Well alright then. Did you know it was more American civilians than ever died in anything else? Not a soldier among ‘em. Six hundred dead by the lowest count. (MORE)
4) 65) text: HENRY VICTOR (cont'd) The Sioux knew they couldn't face the army, so they attacked a town of unarmed farmers, women, children. H.V. is condescending, tells the story like Sunday School He licks, seals, and lights a scrotal-tobacco cigarette.
4) 67) dialog: I hope you know your daddy died noble. I'll raise a drink to him and every man at this fire. We'll make sure we never see anything like that in this country again.
4) 70) dialog: Who fed my Indian? He stands, strides across the camp, and kicks the bowl ou Dull Knife's hands. Scraps fly.
4) 71) dialog: We don't find those settlers ‘til he talks, so he don't eat ‘til he talks. WHO FED MY GODDAMNED INDIAN? H.V. kicks Dull Knife in the Stomach, doubling him over. Chewed food flies from his mouth. H.V. picks up a loose stirrup, a metal buckle on two feet of leather strap, an impromptu LASH. Everybody watches him, Parcher and Clay g to their feet.
4) 72) dialog: Walnut? Where are you? Walnut is absent. H.V. is rabid. Several tense moments, t 32.
4) 74) dialog: You ignorant son of a bitch...
4) 76) dialog: ...-You raise that gun and all four of you'll be on ropes in an hour. Clay stands holding his gun. H.V. stands holding his lash Dutch looks like he's about to piss. Parcher gets up.
4) 78) dialog: This is my command. Mine. I can't have my authority undermined.
4) 81) dialog: Bugle taps, we're bedding down. I want a three man watch until dawn. I want guns on the night. Anybody tries to sneak back into camp, anything moves, kill it. 33.
4) 85) dialog: Bullshit! Bullshit! Bullshit!
5) 1) dialog: Somebody saw those yellow shit- heels desert. I will not god- damned believe four men left camp and nobody even god-damned stirred. Bluecoats hurry into boots and uniforms. Dutch sees Clay standing nearby, looking out at the grass.
5) 12) dialog: I've bled more from a pulled tooth. He turns and stalks back over to Dull Knife. Clay crouche and examines the blood. Parcher, crouching, speaks conversationally with Dull Knife.
5) 14) dialog: What's he got to say now?
5) 17) dialog: What was that?
5) 21) dialog: Miners? Indian miners?
5) 23) dialog: Let my buck do his job, Will. Ten Bear leans in close to Dull Knife, cutting off Parche
5) 28) dialog: He's shit-all for information anyway. We'll get our answers from the reservation.
5) 30) dialog: I don't have time to be second guessed. There's four white women out there've probably already... H.V. swallows his last words, grimacing.
5) 32) dialog: We have to fight the enemy that's before us. We're going to the rez. Parcher's about to respond, when,
17) 2) dialog: Parcher's German! Hey, Parcher's German! Dutch turns, Henry Victor walks quickly and warmly toward him, rubbing his hands together with satisfaction. 106.
17) 3) dialog: My god, man. They told me you were here. I'm afraid you were too late for Will Parcher.
17) 5) dialog: What the hell’d them Indians do? We buried him proper, though. Man was wiser'n I gave him credit. Took four days and no small pain to get them Sioux to tell us what Parcher guessed right off. We've got scouts routing out the Ute to the North as we speak. Were able to clear just about every last one of them from this land. Reg'lar Indians: they could whoop to beat the band but can't fight for shit.
17) 7) dialog: Who, now?
17) 9) dialog: Walnut! He would have owed me his life if he had survived.
17) 11) dialog: Amputated his leg and he up and died on us. Man was delirious, halucinating, never really woke. Tears creep down Dutch's cheeks. Henry Victor's talking t himself, barely notices Dutch is there.
17) 12) dialog: ‘Course we never did find them Stewarts. Doubt we ever will, were probably dead before we even started looking. I guess all we can really do is make sure it never happens again. 107. Dutch looks at the ground, crying.