0) 0) text: MARYANNE STEWART is twenty-two, she has a plain beauty to her, freckles, hair gathered in a bun. Her face is underl by the candle she uses to heat a needle. She’s holding th hand of her LITTLE BROTHER, age 6, about to remove a spli from his finger. She blows on the needle to cool it.
0) 1) dialog: A splinter already hurts more than pulling it out. Little Brother tries to be brave, but he’s nervous. Pinne to her dress at Maryanne’s throat is a silver BROOCH, an intricate Celtic pattern interwoven with a yellow ribbon. In the small, rough-hewn cabin behind her, we see Maryann heavy-set BIG BROTHER (27), LITTLE SISTER (10), and MOTHE (50’s.) They’re settling for the night, cleaning the dinn dishes, getting the kids into their nightshirts, etc.
0) 4) dialog: You hush. Maryanne smiles, lowers the needle towards her brother's finger...
0) 6) dialog: I only just met him. He ain’t... The pin-point approaches young skin... CRACK, CRACK, CRACK, rapid rifle fire sounds from outsid The whole family’s attention snaps towards the sound. The freeze for a moment, spooked like animals. Big Brother moves first, cracks the shutter on a window. silvery moonlight, we catch a glimpse of waving prairie grass, MUZZLE-FLASHES with the CRACKS of rifle fire. There’s a FIGURE, running, fast approaching the house. Maryanne sticks the needle in the candle and puts a protective arm around Little Brother. Little Sister nuzzl into her mother’s arms, frightened.
1) 0) text: The settlement is two small clapboard homes alone in an o of grass stirred by heavy winds. From the Stewart House, see Maryanne and her family hurrying out of the back door down into a cellar.
2) 0) text: Her father ushers Maryanne down the stairs, where her mot and sisters wait with a lantern. Her brother follows afte a rifle in hand. Father lifts the doors above-
2) 6) dialog: Don’t cry. Be brave for me. She holds his gaze until he takes a breath, and nods. The cellar around them is cluttered, filled with burlap s of grain, half-mended farm tools. Lamplight throws weavin shadows on the walls around them. CRACK, CRACK, more rifle shots, and then a man’s SCREAM. Maryanne puts a hand to her mouth. Brother tightens his f on the rifle. Mother holds the two crying children. Relative SILENCE above. The family stands frozen, trying to breathe. Little Brother SNIFFS and all heads snap towa the sound. Mother puts a gentle hand over his mouth, plea with her eyes for quiet. Something DRAGS over the floorboards above. The family lo upwards, terrified. SCCCCRRRRT, the dragging sounds like carpet knife over the rough boards. BOOM, a muffled shotgun blast. Then BOOM, another. The family all look upwards, from the dragging sound to- BOOM third blast, and a fourth. All of the adults fail to notice what both of the crying children see- a silhouetted FIGURE in the shadows behind Brother, low to the ground, moving in. Little Brother and Sister draw tiny breaths, eyes fixed o the figure, almost too terrified to speak.