4) 6) text: His voice also trails as Mary comes to booth where Muto is sitting by himself. Muto gives her the eye. Nick is standing by Muto. This part of the set is near the kitchen door. Nick looks at Mary with disapproval.
4) 7) dialog: (to Lary) what's the matter with your watch? (11)
4) 9) dialog: Maybe you're too good for this job? (13) (he walks away) MaRY (calling after h im) Listen, you heel, are you that dumb you don't know I'm sticking here - (gives him the big Garbo business) -because I got a great beeg love for you? (14) . (she goes into the kitchen. Muto takes in the scene.) Lak DISSOLVE TQ
4) 50) text: TRUCKING SHOT -+ Carey with gardenia box under arn. As he passes booths and tables, he imitates flower girl tossing his blossoms. When he gets to table occupied by Executives of Scenes 10 and 14, he seems to be tired. Executives leaving table are being helped into coats by Nick. All the while during Carey's gardenia march, there is a succession of greetings, to each of which he replies with ‘What's new?"
4) 54) dialog: Congratulations, Mr. Carey! (46) ConrrmuED
11) 8) dialog: All right, Miss Hollywood. If that's the way you feel. You're all washed up. Through. (102)
16) 0) text: A CLOSE SHOT of Kitty Knickerbocker eyeing Mary's plain outfit and shaking her head. She is desoribing the outfit of the star over a separate hook-up. (Miss Pemberton will again oblige) This description has been heard as a tonal background, faintly, during Scene 32- cur_TO
24) 0) text: SHOOTING towards the street as James enters and goes to Manager's Office. Buttons comes to the cash counter and speaks to the cigarette girl. Nick is standing there. Nick and the girl look out in amaze- ment, where they see the Rolls-Royce.
24) 2) dialog: (slapping his chest) You see - - - when they work for me, they get someplace..... (171) James approaches him... cur _TO bs 47
61) 0) text: MED. SHOT. A man walks along edge of crowd, yelling: "Tee Cream Cones....a nickle while they last." Another men is selling post-cards and calling: "vost~-cards of Mary Evans in Wedding Dress - send them home to the folks back east." . cur_TO