73) 1) text: CLOSE UP. The hand of a colored maid, with a lot of bracelets on it, holds a glass pitcher from which she is pouring something into five tall glasses ona tray. Over this shot we hear voices. SAxi'S VOICE You writers should be able to tell your story in fifty words. If you can't tell it in fifty words, it ain't a good story. (480)
73) 6) dialog: (to Mary) Miss Evans, how do you like the story? (484)
73) 15) dialog: But this baby's different, Miss Evans, You get married first. (492) Sc Wait a minute. I got an idea. We'll throw the whole thing out the window, I ‘got a story of my own. It's my own brain child. I had it in the back of my head for fifteen years. It probably won't make a dime, but it's an artistic triumph. It's about an old general. In Russia. (he demonstrates as he talks) It's the night of the grand court ball. Splashes of color. lIiusic. Jewels. Throbbing pulses. They are dancing a minuet. The old general is stooped and he earries a long cane as he dances with the duchess. Nobody would know he was the famous general of all Russia. Then suddenly a messenger throws open the door. He calls out, as he holds a document, a sealed document. ‘a letter from the ezarina." The music stops. The general reads the letter. He takes his cane like a sword. He is not stooped now. He is the great general who is left behind ... TI forgot to tell you ... because he is too old. I told the ending first, it was so dramatic. Never mind. He takes his cane and gives orders. ‘You go to Greece." "You take charge of the Turkish front." "You do this" and "You do that." How does it sound so far? (493)
73) 22) dialog: But Mr. Saxe, the public won't stand for costume plays. (498) SAXxE What do you know about the public? You've been in Hollywood too long. (499)
73) 23) dialog: That's right. I've been here six weeks. (500)
73) 25) dialog: Well, what would we do about the czarina?
74) 0) text: aD. SHOT - Mary tries to interrupt the row and finally gets Carey's attention. He stops talking. as he does so, the writer stops.