32) 0) text: It is a sedate office with a secretary and a couple of typists. The secretary's name is MISS OLSEN. She is in he thirties, flaxen- haired, handsome, wears harlequin glass and has an incisive manner. Bud comes up to her desk.
32) 2) dialog: I called you -- that is, I tried to call you -- for twenty minutes.
32) 4) dialog: Go on in. She indicates the door leading to the inner office. Bud squares his shoulders and starts in.
34) 0) text: Miss Olsen is on the phone.
34) 1) dialog: Mrs. Sheldrake returning your call -- on two -- She presses a button down, starts to hang the phone up, glances around to see if the typists are watching, then raises the receiver to her ear and eavesdrops on the conversation.
47) 33) dialog: Hi. How's the branch manager from Kansas City?
47) 35) dialog: I'm Miss Olsen -- Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
47) 37) dialog: So you don't have to play innocent with me. He used to tell his wife that I was the branch manager from Seattle -- four years ago when we were having a little ring-a-ding- ding.
47) 39) dialog: And before me there was Miss Rossi in Auditing -- and after me there was Miss Koch in Disability -- and just before you there was Miss What's-Her-Name, on the twenty- fifth floor --
47) 42) dialog: (holding her by the arm)
47) 46) dialog: Always happy to do something for our girls in uniform. She moves off as Bud joins Fran, who is looking a little
57) 82) text: I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --
71) 0) text: It is the morning after Christmas, and Miss Olsen and the other girls are just settling down to work. Sheldrake, in hat and coat, approaches from the elevators, comes throug the glass doors.
71) 4) text: Miss Olsen, will you come into my office, please? He strides into the inner office. Miss Olsen picks up her stenographic pad, follows him in.
72) 0) text: Sheldrake is removing his hat and coat as Miss Olsen come in, shuts the door behind her.
72) 1) dialog: Did you have a nice Christmas?
72) 3) dialog: Me?
72) 5) dialog: (dropping her business-like mask)
72) 8) dialog: It won't happen again.
72) 10) text: That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.
72) 11) dialog: (quietly)
72) 14) dialog: (formal again)
73) 0) text: Miss Olsen has put on her coat, and is going through her desk drawers, cleaning out her personal belongings -- nai polish, emery boards, an extra pair of glasses, etc. As s stows them away in her handbag, one of the buttons on the telephone lights up. Miss Olsen hesitates for a second, t with a quick look around, she pushes the button down, carefully picks up the receiver, listens in.
77) 0) text: Miss Olsen, glued to the phone, is listening intently.
78) 0) text: Miss Olsen hangs up the phone, sits there for a moment, weighing what she has overheard. Then she makes a decisio picks up the phone again, dials a number. As she waits fo an answer, she glances toward Sheldrake's office.
78) 1) dialog: (into phone)
78) 2) text: Hello, Mrs. Sheldrake? This is Miss Olsen -- fine, thank you -- Mrs. Sheldrake, I was wondering if we could have lunch together? -- well, I don't know how important it is, but I think you might find it educational -- it concerns your husband -- all right, one o'clock, at Longchamp's, Madison and 59th. She looks up as the door to the inner office opens and Sheldrake comes out. He stops when he sees that Miss Olse is still there.
78) 3) dialog: (hanging up phone)
78) 6) dialog: Here's a dime. She marches out through the glass doors toward the elevat as Sheldrake stands there, watching her.