1) 2) text: Come on, Sylvia.  It's getting late. SYLVIA, a first baseman of a dame, redheaded and saftig, comes cha cha-ing into the room, trying to fasten a neckl as she hums along with the music.  She dances amorously u to Kirkeby.
1) 4) dialog: What's the panic?  I'm going to have another martooni. She crosses to the coffee table, starts to pour the remna of the vodka into the pitcher.
1) 6) dialog: (dropping slivers of ice into the pitcher)
1) 9) dialog: (pouring martini)
3) 2) dialog: Some setup you got here.  A real, honest-to-goodness love nest.
3) 4) dialog: (still cha cha-ing)
3) 6) dialog: You got to watch those things. Wives are getting smarter all the time.  Take Mr. Bernheim -- in the Claims Department -- came home one night with lipstick on his shirt -- told his wife he had a shrimp cocktail for lunch -- so she took it out to the lab and had it analyzed -- so now she has the house in Great Neck and the children and the new Jaguar --
4) 0) text: Bud, standing on the sidewalk, sees the front door start open.  He moves quickly into the areaway, almost bumping into the ashcans, stands in the shadow of the stoop with back turned discreetly toward Kirkeby and Sylvia as they come down the steps.
4) 2) dialog: I told you -- with my mother.
4) 4) dialog: A hundred and seventy-ninth street -- the Bronx.
4) 6) dialog: Like hell you will.  You'll buy me a cab.
4) 8) dialog: You mean you bring other girls up here?
28) 0) text: There is a double switchboard in the center, with nine gi on each side, all busy as beavers. In the foreground we recognize Sylvia, Kirkeby's date of last night.
28) 1) dialog: Consolidated Life -- I'll connect you -- Consolidated Life -- The girl next to her turns and holds out a line.
28) 3) dialog: Yes? Oh, hello -- sure I got home all right -- you owe me forty-five cents.
28) 6) dialog: 
28) 7) dialog: Thursday? That's The Untouchables -- with Bob Stack.
36) 0) text: It is about 6:30, and the building has pretty well emptie out by now. Bud, in raincoat and hat, is leaning against of the marble pillars beyond the elevators. His raincoat unbuttoned, and Fran's carnation is still in his lapel. H is looking off expectantly toward a door marked EMPLOYEES LOUNGE - WOMEN. Some of the female employees are emerging, dressed for th street. Among them are Sylvia and her colleague from the switchboard.
36) 1) dialog: So I figure, a man in his position, he's going to take me to 21 and El Morocco -- instead, he takes me to Hamburg Heaven and some schnook's apartment -- They pass Bud without paying any attention to him. Bud ha heard the crack, and looks after Sylvia, a little hurt. T he glances back toward the door of the lounge, as it open and Fran Kubelik comes out. She is wearing a wool coat ov a street dress, no hat.
45) 17) text: Last week I had to borrow my nephew's car and take Sylvia to a drive-in in Jersey. I'm too old for that sort of thing -- I mean, in a Volkswagen.
46) 2) dialog: (into mouthpiece)
46) 4) dialog: Somebody watch my line -- there's a swinging party up on the nineteenth floor -- She scoots out the door. The other girls immediately aban their posts, and dash after her.
47) 0) text: It's a swinging party, all right. Nobody is working. Seve desks have been cleared and pushed together, and on top o this improvised stage four female employees and Mr. Dobis with his pants-legs rolled up, are doing a Rockette kick routine to the tune of JINGLE BELLS. Employees are ringed around the performers, some drinking out of paper cups, others singing and clapping in rhythm. One of the cubicles has been transformed into a bar, and is jammed with people. Mr. Kirkeby and Mr. Vanderhof are pouring -- each has a couple of bottles of liquor in his hands, and is emptying them into the open top of a water- cooler. But the stuff is flowing out as fast as it flows in -- everybody is in line with a paper cup waiting for a refil Bud comes shouldering his way out of the crowded cubicle, holding aloft two paper cups filled with booze. Since his promotion he has bought himself a new suit, dark flannel, and with it he wears a white shirt with a pinned round collar, and a foulard tie. He also has quite a glow on. Detouring past necking couples, he heads in the direction the elevators. The doors of Fran's elevator are just opening, and the switchboard operators, led by Sylvia, come streaming out.
47) 1) dialog: (to a colleague)
49) 0) text: The party has picked up tempo. On top of the desks, Sylvi is doing a mock strip tease -- without taking any clothes off. There is hollering, drinking and clapping all around Bud moves past the floor show, paying no attention. Kirke spots him, detaches himself from the cheering section aro Sylvia.
65) 0) text: A Volkswagen draws up to the curb in front of the house. Kirkeby gets out on the street side, Sylvia squeezes hers out through the other door. Kirkeby raises the front hood the Volkswagen, reaches into the luggage compartment, tak out a cardboard bucket with a bottle of champagne on ice. Together, he and Sylvia start up the steps of the house, Sylvia already cha cha-ing in anticipation.
66) 2) text: All right -- all right, Mrs. Dreyfuss. He glances at the sleeping Fran, picks up the tray, carri it into the living room, pulling the bedroom door closed behind him. But it doesn't shut completely, because of Fran's dress hooked over the top. Bud crosses to the hall door, opens it. Outside are Kirke with the champagne bucket, and Sylvia.
67) 0) text: Outside the door of Bud's apartment, Sylvia is cha cha-in impatiently. Up the stairs comes Dr. Dreyfuss, in his overcoat and carrying his medical bag.
67) 1) dialog: (knocking on the door)
67) 2) text: Hey, come on, what are we waiting for? Open up, will you? She continues cha-cha-ing. Dr. Dreyfuss has unlocked the door to his apartment, and is watching Sylvia, appalled b the fact that Baxter seems to be at it again. He starts inside.
67) 5) dialog: (knocking on Baxter's door)
68) 0) text: Kirkeby looks toward the door in response to Sylvia's knocking.
69) 2) text: Come on, Sylvia.
69) 3) dialog: What gives?
69) 5) dialog: Go where?
69) 8) dialog: She's home -- stuffing a turkey.
69) 10) dialog: That's fine. But what are we going to do about grandma and Uncle Herman and Aunt Sophie and my two nieces --