6) 0) text: Gingerly balancing the cup and saucer, Jim approaches the door to the children's room. With split-second timing, he pauses as the door flies open and Joan, in her bathrobe,  towel in hand, rushes out and past him down the hall. She disappears into the bathroom. Jim carefully proceeds down the hall and, as he reaches the bathroom, deftly steps to the left as the door bursts open and Betsy flies by on th way back to her bedroom. All this is done with a timing a shifting of hips of which Knute Rockne might have been pr Jim continues down the hall, enters the bedroom.
10) 0) text: Narrow and small. The four Blandings are at breakfast, Ji and Muriel each reading his section of the morning paper, Betsy pasting a clipping in her notebook, Joan engrossed a magazine of popular science. As we come in, Gussie, tak off the orange juice, is squeezing by Jim who accordingly and automatically ducks his head as she passes. Jim  uncomfortably turns the newspaper to another page, folds reacts with pained but controlled exasperation.
10) 3) dialog: (very matter-of-factly) I did.
10) 6) dialog: I'm sorry, father. It's necessary  research.
10) 19) dialog: (taking toast from  Joan) Miss Stellwagon has assigned each of  us to take a want ad and write a  human interest theme about it. (to Jim; passing toast  to him) I found one typical of the  disintegration of our present society.
10) 21) dialog: I didn't expect you to be, father.  Miss Stellwagon says that middle- class people like us are all too  prone to overlook the pressures and  tensions which befall the less  fortunate members of our community.
10) 27) text: Jim reacts with painful resignation, folds his arms, puts down the paper, turns slowly to Betsy.
10) 29) dialog: (picking up her  scrapbook) It's just twenty-four words. But in  simple eloquence it mirrors a minor  tragedy of our times.
10) 31) dialog: (reading) "Forced to sell. Farm dwelling, oak  grove, apple orchard, trout stream,  hay fields, four barns, seclusion,  superb view, original beams, paved  highway, acreage... (with emotion) Will sacrifice..."
10) 34) dialog: (simply) That's all.
10) 36) dialog: You don't see it, do you, father?
10) 39) dialog: Certainly, mother. What some people  don't see is the whole sordid picture.  A poor, honest farmer, pushed to the  wall by hardship, soil erosion,  mortgages, everybody gobbling,  gobbling, gobbling, until finally,  in desperation, he is "forced to  sell," and stoops to the crass  commercialism of newspaper  advertising.
10) 73) text: She hustles Betsy and Joan toward the foyer as Jim rises.
11) 0) text: Gussie has just admitted Mr. Funkhauser. He is a tall,  slender, effete-looking, young man. He is loaded down wit sketches, samples of wallpaper, bolts of material. Betsy Joan brush by him on their way out.
22) 14) dialog: Yes.
22) 27) dialog: Personally, I'd like a Crane Mobile  home. It comes all folded up and all  you do is plug it in for electricity  and water and --
39) 0) text: Jim, Muriel and Simms are going over the preliminary plan Betsy and Joan are present, Betsy reading the Lansdale Bl and Joan reading a science book.
39) 26) dialog: Oh, look, we're in the Lansdale paper! (reading) "Historical Society Blasts Vandalism!"
39) 28) dialog: (reading) "Censure Vote Passed re Destruction  of Famed Hackett Edifice."
39) 33) dialog: (drily) Read on, father.
39) 35) dialog: Read on, father.
39) 39) dialog: And what did we pay, father?
39) 69) dialog: It's the other way around, father.
39) 82) dialog: (reluctantly) Good night, Mr. Simms. Uncle Bill.
48) 4) dialog: I think it's awful. Smelling up the  house with those horrible chemicals.
48) 13) dialog: Well, that's something!
53) 0) text: As Jim appears, still carrying Muriel, Betsy and Joan cat his attention, indicate the front wall of the house which complete except for the windows. Jim reacts.
57) 27) text: Betsy flies into the room waving a railroad timetable.
57) 28) dialog: Where's Uncle Bill? I just checked  the timetable -- he's going to miss  his train.
57) 37) dialog: (from below) You're going to miss your train,  Uncle Bill! It leaves Lansdale in  twenty-five minutes.
57) 39) dialog: Not till the Commuter's Special  tomorrow morning at six-fifteen.
57) 41) dialog: No, Dad, six-fifteen.
57) 43) dialog: (consulting timetable) There's a little asterisk. The seven- fifteen only runs Saturdays, Sundays  and holidays.
57) 50) dialog: Uncle Bill, you're going to miss  your train!
57) 52) text: Betsy and Joan pick up some boxes and walk into the dinin room.
57) 53) dialog: You'd better hurry!
58) 2) dialog: We'll get in a lot of doubles.
58) 4) dialog: No, he's not. I heard him and mother  talking. He's going to move his  vacation up and take a place in  Lansdale.
60) 2) text: Betsy coughs her way to the fireplace, turns the flue han The smoke immediately goes up the chimney and the room st to clear.
60) 3) dialog: Father, the first principle of  lighting a fire is to see if the  flue is open. A three-year-old child  knows that.
60) 12) text: Betsy has picked up a small leather-bound book. She whist
60) 14) dialog: Mother's diary when she was in  college. It's slightly torrid.
60) 17) dialog: (scanning page) I'd say mother and Uncle Bill were  somewhat of an item!
60) 19) dialog: (indicating debris) What about --?
72) 12) dialog: 'Morning, everybody!
72) 20) dialog: Good! I'm starving! What are we  having, Gussie?
72) 30) text: THE CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS to disclose Mr. James Blandings  reclining in a hammock on the patio of his Dream House. I the b.g. Muriel is working at her garden, Joan and Betsy  assisting her. Jim reacts with pride and satisfaction as sets the magazine down, takes a long drink of lemonade an picks up a book which he has been reading. As the CAMERA  COMES IN for an EXTREME CLOSE SHOT of Jim we see the titl of the book on the jacket cover. It reads: "MR. BLANDINGS BUILDS HIS DREAM HOUSE"