5) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Jim through the foyer into the living room on through the very small combination dining and breakfas nook and into the compact but tiny kitchen. Gussie, the  colored cook, greets him heartily.
5) 1) dialog: 'Morning, Mr. Blandings!
5) 3) text: Gussie takes a glass of hot water, squeezes in a little l stirs and hands it to Jim who gulps it down, makes a slig face and pats his stomach. Gussie hands Jim a cup of blac coffee and he starts back toward the bedroom.
10) 0) text: Narrow and small. The four Blandings are at breakfast, Ji and Muriel each reading his section of the morning paper, Betsy pasting a clipping in her notebook, Joan engrossed a magazine of popular science. As we come in, Gussie, tak off the orange juice, is squeezing by Jim who accordingly and automatically ducks his head as she passes. Jim  uncomfortably turns the newspaper to another page, folds reacts with pained but controlled exasperation.
10) 17) text: Jim ducks as Gussie passes back on her way to the kitchen
10) 48) text: As Jim gives her a look and buries himself in his paper, downstairs buzzer rings. Gussie enters, squeezes by Jim w automatically ducks, goes to the phone in b.g.
10) 49) dialog: Hello. Who? (calls) Miss Blandings, there's a Mr.  Funkhauser wants to see you.
10) 51) dialog: That's what he says.
10) 52) text: Muriel looks nervously at Jim who is preoccupied, reading his paper. Then she turns back to Gussie.
10) 54) dialog: (into phone) Says to come up.
10) 55) text: Gussie hangs up, squeezes by Jim, exits into the kitchen. Pause.
11) 0) text: Gussie has just admitted Mr. Funkhauser. He is a tall,  slender, effete-looking, young man. He is loaded down wit sketches, samples of wallpaper, bolts of material. Betsy Joan brush by him on their way out.
22) 29) text: Gussie enters with a letter.
22) 30) dialog: (handing it to Jim) Special delivery, Mr. Blandings.
57) 0) text: A general flurry of activity; Gussie and several workmen  carrying furniture upstairs, unpacking barrels, etc. Muri list and samples in hand, is explaining her color scheme Mr. PeDelford, a polite, cigar-smoking, noncommittal boss painter. In the b.g., casually leaning on the bannister i PeDelford's taciturn and somewhat skeptical-looking assis
57) 24) text: Joan is on a stepladder helping Gussie put away some dish Remains of two broken plates are on the floor below them.
62) 0) text: The family, in overcoats, is huddled around the kitchen t finishing dinner. Gussie, in overcoat and muffler, is cle the dishes away. Jim, a sober look on his face, rises, ta a steaming kettle from the stove.
70) 53) dialog: 'Morning, everybody. Whew! What a  night!
70) 55) dialog: Lansdale. Couldn't get back across  the bridge.
70) 57) dialog: They weren't letting anybody across  that bridge, Mr. Blandings. (to Muriel) I passed the girls over at the  Williams. They'll be along any minute.
70) 60) text: As Gussie exits, Muriel turns to Simms.
72) 18) text: Gussie's head appears from the kitchen.
72) 19) dialog: (brightly) Come and get it! Breakfast everybody.
72) 21) dialog: Orange juice, scrambled eggs and you- know-what.
72) 23) dialog: Not ham -- Wham! (cheerily) If you ain't eatin' Wham, you ain't  eatin' ham!
72) 24) text: Gussie's head disappears. CLOSE SHOT - JIM. CLOSE SHOT - Jim.