4) 0) text: A small room, crowded and cluttered up with the accoutrem of adolescence. Joan, an eleven-year-old is asleep in one the twin beds. Jim automatically pulls the covers clear o Joan's bed. She awakens, cocks an eye at him.
4) 1) dialog: Okay, dad.
6) 0) text: Gingerly balancing the cup and saucer, Jim approaches the door to the children's room. With split-second timing, he pauses as the door flies open and Joan, in her bathrobe,  towel in hand, rushes out and past him down the hall. She disappears into the bathroom. Jim carefully proceeds down the hall and, as he reaches the bathroom, deftly steps to the left as the door bursts open and Betsy flies by on th way back to her bedroom. All this is done with a timing a shifting of hips of which Knute Rockne might have been pr Jim continues down the hall, enters the bedroom.
8) 0) text: Jim opens the door of the bathroom. There is a scream. He quickly closes the door, scowling with annoyance. A momen later the door opens and Joan emerges, wrapping her robe  around her.
8) 1) dialog: (sharply) Father, just one morning I wish you'd  knock!
8) 3) text: Joan disappears into her room as Jim enters the bathroom.
10) 0) text: Narrow and small. The four Blandings are at breakfast, Ji and Muriel each reading his section of the morning paper, Betsy pasting a clipping in her notebook, Joan engrossed a magazine of popular science. As we come in, Gussie, tak off the orange juice, is squeezing by Jim who accordingly and automatically ducks his head as she passes. Jim  uncomfortably turns the newspaper to another page, folds reacts with pained but controlled exasperation.
10) 4) text: She holds out her hand to Joan, who, automatically, and  without looking up hands her the salt.
10) 7) text: She hands the salt back to Joan who automatically passes to Muriel.
10) 15) dialog: (without looking up  from her magazine) Bicker, bicker, bicker.
10) 26) dialog: (without looking up) You can't squeeze blood from a turnip.
10) 41) dialog: (nose in her magazine) Miss Stellwagon says advertising is  a basically parasitic profession.
10) 43) dialog: Miss Stellwagon says that advertising  makes people who can't afford it buy  things they don't want with money  they haven't got.
10) 47) dialog: Bicker, bicker, bicker.
10) 71) dialog: Miss Stellwagon says that  functionalism in modern furniture --
10) 73) text: She hustles Betsy and Joan toward the foyer as Jim rises.
11) 0) text: Gussie has just admitted Mr. Funkhauser. He is a tall,  slender, effete-looking, young man. He is loaded down wit sketches, samples of wallpaper, bolts of material. Betsy Joan brush by him on their way out.
22) 16) dialog: Miss Stellwagon says the current  craze for modernizing old farmhouses  is a form of totem worship.
22) 18) dialog: Why don't we buy a Solaxion house?
22) 20) dialog: Solaxion. It's built on a mast like  a tent and it revolves with the sun.
22) 22) dialog: That's right.
22) 24) dialog: It's the only practical way to live.  When a new model comes out you trade  the old one in like a used car.
22) 38) dialog: For ten thousand dollars we could  get a Rockford Trailer and a Zamboni  Power Unit. It's kitchen, bathroom  and air conditioning all rolled up  into --
39) 0) text: Jim, Muriel and Simms are going over the preliminary plan Betsy and Joan are present, Betsy reading the Lansdale Bl and Joan reading a science book.
39) 40) dialog: Eleven-five, with the commission.
39) 79) dialog: For six thousand dollars we could  have had a Solaxion house and a Crane  Mobile home.
39) 83) dialog: (protesting) Miss Stellwagon says the problems of  the parents should be the problems  of the children.
48) 2) dialog: Dad, do you suppose I could have a  chemistry lab in the basement?
48) 11) dialog: Bicker, bicker, bicker.
53) 0) text: As Jim appears, still carrying Muriel, Betsy and Joan cat his attention, indicate the front wall of the house which complete except for the windows. Jim reacts.
57) 24) text: Joan is on a stepladder helping Gussie put away some dish Remains of two broken plates are on the floor below them.
57) 26) dialog: He disappeared. I haven't seen him  for an hour.
57) 52) text: Betsy and Joan pick up some boxes and walk into the dinin room.
58) 1) dialog: It's certainly going to be fun this  summer when Uncle Bill comes up for  his vacation.
60) 5) text: The children start gathering up the debris. Joan picks up some trinkets which have spilled from a cardboard box.
60) 6) dialog: Look, Dad, your fraternity pins.
60) 8) dialog: There are two of them here.
60) 10) dialog: (examining them) Funny, this one says W.C. on the  back. W.C.? (brightly) William Cole! It must be Uncle Bill's!
60) 13) dialog: What's that?
60) 15) dialog: (coming over) Let's see.
72) 13) dialog: (surprised) Hi, Dad! How come you're not at the  office?
72) 15) dialog: You mean you got fired?
72) 22) dialog: (making a face) Ham?
72) 30) text: THE CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS to disclose Mr. James Blandings  reclining in a hammock on the patio of his Dream House. I the b.g. Muriel is working at her garden, Joan and Betsy  assisting her. Jim reacts with pride and satisfaction as sets the magazine down, takes a long drink of lemonade an picks up a book which he has been reading. As the CAMERA  COMES IN for an EXTREME CLOSE SHOT of Jim we see the titl of the book on the jacket cover. It reads: "MR. BLANDINGS BUILDS HIS DREAM HOUSE"