15) 3) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Blandings.
15) 5) dialog: You wanted to see the color copy  from this month's House and Stream.
15) 15) dialog: Will that be all?
43) 0) text: Jim and Mary.
43) 13) text: The phone rings. Mary answers.
43) 14) dialog: Hello? Yes. Just a minute. (hands phone to Jim) Mrs. Blandings calling from Lensdale.
43) 19) dialog: Anything wrong?
43) 21) dialog: Well, no offense, Mr. Blandings, but  my boy friend says that anybody who  builds a house today is crazy.
66) 0) text: Mary is attending to some detail work as the door opens a Jim enters, disturbed. Mary looks at him questioningly.
66) 2) dialog: (concerned) What did he say?
66) 4) dialog: (sighs) Well, I guess you'll just have to  dream something up -- good or bad.
66) 6) dialog: (raised eyebrow) Oh.
66) 9) text: Mary looks at him curiously. He turns to her.
68) 0) text: The CAMERA COMES IN ON a package of cigarettes. A finger  impatiently rips open what is left of the package, disclo that it is empty. The ANGLE WIDENS to reveal a tired,  disheveled Jim. Disgusted, he fishes the most likely butt from a tray littered with them. With considerable difficu he manages to light it, only to burn his nose. Impatientl stamping out the butt he rises, stretches, walks to the  window, pulls up the shade. Early morning sunlight floods the room. He turns off a standing lamp, looks thoughtfull out the window, suddenly gets an idea. Turning, he snaps fingers. Mary, who is asleep on the desk, her head restin on her elbows, raises her head, opens a sleepy eye.
68) 2) text: Mary critically shakes her head "no", closes her eye. Jim wearily throws himself down on the couch, absently toys w his already loosened tie. He pulls it up over his nose,  throwing the balance over the top of his head. Suddenly h reacts, snaps his fingers. Mary opens a sleepy eye.
68) 4) dialog: It's Boyle Petroleum. "If you'd buy  better oil, You'd better buy Boyle."
68) 5) text: Her eye closes. Jim sinks back with defeat, his hand drop over the edge of the couch. It encounters a crumpled piec of paper, earlier work. He smoothes the paper, scans it,  kind of likes it. He gets up, comes over, snaps fingers.  Mary looks up.
68) 11) text: Mary looks at him sympathetically, doesn't quite know wha to say. As the CAMERA MOVES to a CLOSE SHOT of the emotio distraught Jim, his eyes go to a large photograph on his  desk of Muriel and the children. He picks it up, looks at with affection. Suddenly he gets an idea. Rising with  determination he puts on his coat and starts for the door
68) 12) dialog: (startled) Where are you going?
68) 14) dialog: But -- but you haven't --
68) 16) dialog: But -- but -- what'll I tell Mr.  Dascomb?