36) 6) dialog: 
37) 0) text: Jim, Muriel, Simms. The room is in quiet, good taste, a  flagstone fireplace, modern steel casement windows, windo seats, etc. The walls are crammed with books and photogra of Simms' handiwork. There are a couple of gold medal  citations of his work conspicuously spaced around the roo Simms is a tweedy, pipe-smoking, conservative New England a distinguished-looking local architect. He puffs thought on his pipe as he looks at a photograph of the old Hacket place, an exact duplicate of the shot we saw through the  window frame.
37) 1) dialog: Of course you could fix up that old  house. You can fix up any structure  that's still standing. The sills and  floors couldn't be worse, I grant  you, and I guess you'd have to jack  up that west corner at least three  feet to make it level. Need new  chimney. New roof. Complete new  plumbing. (sigh) Too bad you didn't buy it ten years  ago. Could have fixed it up in jig  time then, and it would have made  some sense.
37) 3) dialog: Fact is, before you're through, it  would be less expensive to tear the  old place down and build a new one,  same size.
37) 6) dialog: It certainly wouldn't cost any more.
37) 8) text: He turns and looks thoughtfully at Muriel who raises an  interested eyebrow. Then, to Simms:
37) 10) dialog: Well, I imagine the type of house  you'd want would be something in  quiet good taste, two story, frame  and brick veneer construction --  modern, but of course fitting in  with the architectural traditions of  the countryside.
37) 13) dialog: Perhaps you'd like to see a basic  floor plan -- (reaches into file  behind him) -- something like this.
37) 14) text: Simms places the basic floor plan on the desk before him, the Blandings moving around, flanking him. They examine t plan with interest. WHAT THEY SEE -- THE PLAN. What they see -- the plan. A simple master plan of a two  story house, the names of the various rooms indicated. As talks, we see Simms' hand, holding a pencil, point out th various rooms
37) 15) dialog: First floor. Living room, study,  dining room, kitchen, service porch,  maid's room -- upstairs three family  bedrooms with two adjoining baths.
37) 19) dialog: (he's heard all this  before) Yes, of course.
37) 32) text: Jim's hand reaches the pencil before Simms. Now Simms' fi and Muriel's drum in unison.
37) 45) dialog: (delicately) We-ll... let's just see what we have  here. In the first place --
37) 52) dialog: By extending this breakfast room  you've eliminated the possibility of  any stairs going to the second floor.
37) 54) dialog: (patiently; almost  paternally) And, Mrs. Blandings, on that sewing  room, the way you have it now, the  chimney stack would come up right  through the middle of the room,  leaving you with something in the  shape of a square doughnut. (tactfully) Which, of course, might be very warm  in winter, but otherwise of doubtful  utility.
37) 56) dialog: We-ll... (rising; resigned to  his fate but tactful) Look, I think I know just about what  you two have in mind. Why don't I go  ahead with some preliminary plans  and --
37) 58) dialog: (candid) That, I can tell you right now, is  impossible. Even with a considerable  trimming of the things you've  indicated, I don't see how we can  bring it in for less than twelve or  twelve-five.
37) 61) dialog: And -- uh -- have you any notions  about how you'd like the old place  taken down?
37) 63) dialog: (wry smile) There's a good local house wrecker.  I'll have him contact you.
37) 64) text: Jim expansively puts his arm around Simms' shoulders.
37) 66) dialog: (doubtfully) Well -- we'll try.
39) 0) text: Jim, Muriel and Simms are going over the preliminary plan Betsy and Joan are present, Betsy reading the Lansdale Bl and Joan reading a science book.
39) 4) dialog: (patiently) Mrs. Blandings, I've already  explained. It's not only the size of  the rooms so much as it is the number.  You see, our primary problem is one  of cubage --
39) 10) dialog: (consulting plans) Now is it absolutely essential for  each of your daughters to have her  own room with two closets and a  separate bath?
39) 12) dialog: (brief look at the  girls) I hadn't realized they were  approaching it quite so fast. (to Jim) Perhaps what you need is not so much  a house as a series of little  bungalows.
39) 20) dialog: (with dogged patience) If I may interrupt, I'd like to  suggest that none of these are really  major eliminations. Now if we could  do with one less bathroom on the  second floor --
39) 22) dialog: Mrs. Blandings, a simple bathroom,  eight by ten by eight with grade A  fixtures will cost around thirteen  hundred dollars.
39) 25) dialog: Look, perhaps the most practical  thing would be --
39) 54) dialog: I'm afraid I don't understand.
39) 57) dialog: (to Bill) Reconstruction was unsound and totally  impractical.
39) 63) dialog: I assumed as much.
39) 66) dialog: Certainly. But since you were his  lawyer, I naturally assumed --
39) 86) dialog: Perhaps we'd better let the plans go  for the time being and --
39) 89) dialog: (preparing to leave) Very well. You'll hear from me as  soon as possible. Good night.
39) 90) text: Good nights are exchanged. Muriel takes Simms out of scen toward the door. CAMERA HOLDS on Bill and Jim.
40) 0) text: Jim and Muriel are watching Simms, who has just taken a  typewritten sheet from his files. Simms looks at the shee turns to them a little apprehensively.
40) 1) dialog: Well -- here are the estimates. Before  you look at them, I think I'd better  explain --
40) 6) text: THREE SHOT - Jim, Muriel, and Simms. Muriel has read the  column over Jim's shoulder.
40) 7) dialog: Now obviously these bids are way out  of line, that is, all except John  Retch and Son at twenty-one thousand.
40) 9) dialog: And with some judicious cutting, I  think we can pare that down to  eighteen.
40) 11) dialog: Frankly, with all the extras you two  have --
44) 0) text: Muriel, Jim, Bill, Simms and Retch stand at the edge look down at the excavation which is partially filled with bub water.
44) 2) dialog: It'll have to be diverted before  Retch here can lay his cement.
55) 0) text: Simms and Retch. More window frames are neatly stacked ag the wall. Simms and Retch react as they see an angry Jim  Blandings flap his way into scene, his varnished shoes ha picked up additional paper, shavings, shingles, etc. Retc hands Jim a sheaf of papers.
55) 3) dialog: (calmly) I'm afraid there's a little slip-up.  These windows seem to belong to a  Mr. Landings in Fishkill, New York.  I talked to Mr. Landings this morning.
55) 5) dialog: No, he seems to have some windows  that belong to a Mr. Blandsworth of  Peekskill.
55) 7) dialog: As near as we can figure out they've  either been sent to a Mr. Benton in  Evanston, Illinois, or a Mr. Bamberger  of Phoenix, Arizona.
55) 10) dialog: It'll just be a matter of a few days.
55) 15) dialog: I'm afraid I authorized that, Mr.  Blandings -- to save your boiler and  water pipes.
55) 17) dialog: Rust. The plumbing man assures us  the water from your well is the most  corrosive in his entire experience  in the trade.
69) 0) text: It is an especially beautiful, sunshiny morning. A rural- looking taxi deposits a weary Jim, who pays the driver. A the cab drives off, Jim looks speculatively at Simms' car which is parked there, yawns, stretches, opens the door a enters. Under this a slightly sour underscoring of "Home The Range."
70) 0) text: As Jim comes into the foyer, he sees Muriel, in nightgown and robe, talking to Mr. Simms. She holds the rolled-up v of blueprints that went into building the house.
70) 7) dialog: Just dropped by to check the  blueprints. Some extras came in from  Retch this morning and there're a  couple of things I thought we ought  to go over together.
70) 9) dialog: Well, let's see. (thumbing through  sheets) Few little things here, all right, I  guess. "Mortising five butts -- a  dollar sixty-eight."
70) 11) dialog: (next sheet) Extra nails and screws -- three  dollars, eighty-nine cents.
70) 13) dialog: Now there's one here I frankly don't  understand. Ah, here we are. (reads) "Changes in closet, twelve hundred  and forty-seven dollars." Did you  authorize that?
70) 15) dialog: Forty-seven dollars. Changes in  closet. (hands bill to Jim)
70) 17) dialog: (indicating blueprints) Far as I remember, that would be  something in the back of the house.  Let's just take a look.
70) 19) dialog: Ah, here we are. It isn't a closet  at all. It's off the back pantry...  Mrs. Blandings' little flower sink.
70) 21) dialog: (to Muriel) You didn't authorize any changes,  did you?
70) 27) text: During the above speech Simms sinks into a chair, puts hi head in his hands and closes his eyes, a fact that isn't  lost on Jim.
70) 30) dialog: (to Muriel; wearily) Did you by any chance authorize a  drain?
70) 32) text: Jim takes a deep breath, turns to Simms.
70) 34) dialog: (sigh; plunging in) All right, I think I can tell you  what happened. First, the carpenters  had to rip up the flooring that was  already laid. Those planks run under  the whole width of the pantry, so  Retch had to knock the bottom out of  the pantry wall to get at them.
70) 40) dialog: Well, the main soil pipe runs under  there on wall brackets, so Retch had  to get his plumbing man back to take  out a section so he could get that  cradle set. I guess that meant he  had to change the pitch of the soil  pipe from one end of the house to  the other. (looks up) 'Morning, Mr. Cole.
70) 49) dialog: (clearing his throat) And then, of course, there are hot  and cold water pipes hooked to the  joists right under that pantry. They  go up to the wing bathroom on the  second floor, and I'll bet my bottom  dollar he had to relocate them.
70) 60) text: As Gussie exits, Muriel turns to Simms.
70) 70) text: Bill exits. Another pause. Simms, aware of the tension, w to get out of there.
70) 71) dialog: (rapidly) Well, that's about the size of it --
70) 72) text: Through Simms' speech, Jim looks darkly at Muriel.
70) 73) dialog: -- except that Retch had to repair  the pantry wall and that meant getting  a plasterer back. And of course, he  couldn't have broken through that  wall --
70) 75) dialog: (preparing to exit) I'll admit it's a little steep. But  I'll try to get Retch to knock a  hundred dollars off the bill. If I  can't get that, I'll certainly try  for seventy-five.
70) 77) dialog: If he doesn't go for seventy-five,  I'll take a stab at fifty.
70) 79) dialog: (at the door) Anyway, I'm almost sure we can get  twenty-five.
70) 81) dialog: (lamely) Well. Good day.