18) 0) text: Jim, Muriel and Mr. Smith - They are driving through a  beautiful Connecticut countryside. Mr. Smith, a local rea estate dealer, is of that shrewd Yankee breed which  specializes in the understatement, underselling school of salesmanship.
18) 2) text: Smith looks speculatively at the Blandings.
18) 4) text: Jim takes a deep breath, looks at Muriel as if to say, "G that air!" Muriel smiles with approval. Jim pats her hand affectionately. Smith reacts.
18) 6) text: Jim slows down the car as they approach a rather pictures looking old Connecticut farmhouse. He and Muriel react wi approval, look questioningly at Smith. Smith shakes his h "no," as though to say, "Not nearly good enough for you."
19) 0) text: Jim, Muriel, Mr. Smith - They pass another house. Jim and Muriel appraise it with interest, look at Smith.
19) 2) text: Smith firmly shakes his head "no."
20) 0) text: Jim, Muriel and Mr. Smith - Another house.
20) 2) text: Smith shakes his head "no".
21) 0) text: Jim, Muriel and Mr. Smith - The car pulls to a stop.
21) 2) dialog: (proudly) Well, folks, there she is -- the old  Hackett Place.
21) 12) dialog: Perfectly all right.
21) 14) dialog: She's no spring chicken -- (sagely) -- but that's just what makes her  such a buy.
21) 15) text: They look at him curiously. Smith's attitude is matter-of fact, almost without enthusiasm.
21) 16) dialog: This isn't just old timber, or a  virgin stand oak grove other side of  the trout stream, or a couple of  fruit orchards... You're buying a  piece of American history.
21) 18) dialog: First year she was built, General  Gates stopped right here to water  his horses.
21) 20) dialog: Revolutionary War.
21) 23) dialog: (proudly) Hundred and seventy come next April.
21) 24) text: The Blandings exchange a doubtful look which Smith catche
21) 25) dialog: Now I'm not trying to sell you  anything -- all I'm saying is that  one of these days someone with a  little vision and imagination's goin'  to come along, and just steal this  place -- (confidentially) and I mean steal it.
21) 26) text: The Blandings, as one, turn to the house with renewed  interest. This is not lost on Smith.
21) 27) dialog: Mr. Blandings, I know you can look  at that house and just about picture  what a couple of coats of paint and  a little pointing up here and there  can do to it.
21) 34) dialog: And I guess I don't have to tell  you, Mrs. Blandings, what a woman's  touch could do to a place like this.
21) 41) dialog: Yes, sir, you've certainly got to  visualize.
21) 42) text: CAMERA MOVES to a HEAD CLOSEUP of Smith as he, too, begin to visualize. WHAT HE SEES - THE OLD HACKETT PLACE. WHAT HE SEES - The Old Hackett Place. Suddenly SUPERIMPOS over it in large figures is:
21) 49) dialog: (brightly) Shall we go up and take a look at  her?
21) 52) text: As Smith precedes them up the path toward the house:
21) 65) text: Smith's face suddenly brightens as a weatherbeaten old ca appears, turns up the driveway, stops.
21) 67) dialog: Hi, Eph! (to the Blandings;  feigned surprise) What do you know, it's Eph Hackett,  owner of the place!
21) 70) dialog: Eph, this is Mr. and Mrs. Blandings --  from New York City.
21) 76) text: Hackett exchanges the briefest of looks with Smith who al imperceptibly shakes his head "no."
21) 79) dialog: (smoothly) Why don't you folks just go out in  back and take a look at the orchard?
21) 82) dialog: Nice timin', Eph. Think we got  something here.
21) 84) dialog: They were lookers -- this is the  real thing.
21) 86) dialog: They already offered ten.
21) 88) dialog: Fifteen...
21) 90) dialog: I've got 'em measured. (mellower) They're gonna take the place for -- (turns, looks back at  house) eleven thousand.
21) 92) dialog: Odd kind of figure.
21) 94) text: As Smith raises a knowing eyebrow:
22) 51) text: Throughout this Smith's voice remains bland and unperturb while Jim's has the desperate, frenetic quality of a man  being slowly pushed to the wall. The Special Effect concludes with the house finally and f at rest on the preordained $11,550. As the antagonists on both sides of the house relax, Smith reaches around in fr of the house and shakes hands with Jim. It's a deal! About halfway through when the going gets tough, Jim beck Muriel to help in the losing fight. As they now embrace,  Smith and Hackett shake hands in mutual congratulation.
23) 0) text: A successful lawyer's office, the walls crowded with leat bound books. Jim and Muriel are seated facing the large d behind which sits Bill Cole. Bill finishes reading a seri of papers, the sum total of correspondence between Jim an Mr. Smith. He sets down the papers, leans back thoughtful Jim and Muriel look at him with nervous but eager  anticipation.
25) 0) text: Old Judge Quarles is reading from the title deed, the  proceedings almost over. Jim stands in front of the bench flanked by Muriel and Bill. Mr. Smith and Hackett are the only other people present. As the Judge drones on, Jim an Muriel exchange a smile. Jim squeezes her hand intimately
25) 8) dialog: You see, Mr. Blandings, when you  signed the purchase agreement it was  subject to traced map attached.  Surveyed to an even thirty-one and a  half acres.