0) 153) text: THE LOST WEEKEND . AvL8 (Cont'd) DON: Dontt wipe it away, Nat, Let me have my little vicious circle. The circle is the perfect geometric figure. No end, no beginning wi» What time is it? . NAT? Quarter of four. DON: Good, That gives us the whole after- noon together, . (He holds out his glass for another drink) Only tell me when it's a quarter of six. Very important. We're. going to the country for a weekend, my brother and I. From the ‘table in the background comes Gloria, headed fo the powder room. Passing Don, she runs her finger through the neckline of his hair. GLORIA: Hello, Mr. Birnam. Glad to have you back with the organization, DON: Hello, Gloria. She goes on. Don turns back to Nat. DON: Not just a Saturday-Sunday weekends A&A very long weekend. I wish I could take you along, Nat. You -- (With.a gesture towards the liquor shelves) and all that goes with yous Without a change of expression, Nat pours the second drin DON: Not that I'm cutting myself off from civilization altogether, He points at the bag with the apples showing. Nat looks, but doesn't get it. Like a magician, Don takes two apples out, revealing the necks of the bottles, DON: . (Gulping down the whiskey) Now of course there arises the problem of transportation into the country. How to smuggle these two time bombs past the royal guard. I shall tell you how, Nat, because I'm so fond of you. Only give me another drink. Nat pours one, 10-24244 (Continued)
0) 158) text: DON: I'm going to roll one bottle in a copy of the Saturday Evening Post, so my brother can discover it like that. . .{He snaps his fingers) And I want him-to.discover it, be= cause that'll set his mind at rest. The other bottle -- : (Confidentially to Nat) Come here, Nat leans over the bar towards - DON: That one I'm tucking into my dear brother's suitcase. Hetll transport. _ it himself, without knowing it, of course, While he's greeting the care-+ taker, I'll slide it out and hide it in a hollow of the old apple tree. NAT: Aw, Mr. Birnam, why don't you lay off the stuff for a while. DON: I-may never’ touch it while I'm there, Not a drop. What you don't understand, all of you, is that I've got to know it's around. That I can have it if I need it. I can't be cut off completely. That's the devil. That's what drives you crazy. NAT: Yeah. I know a lot of guys like that. They take a bottle and put it. on the shelf, All they want is just to look at it. They won't even carry a cork- screw along, just to be sure. Only all of a sudden they grab the bottle and bite off the neck. DON: : Nat, one more reproving word and I shall consult our lawyer about a divorce. He points to the empty glass for Nat to fill it. Nat pour another jigger. . DON: Quarter of six. Don't forget. My brother must find me at home, ready and packed, Gloria is back from the powder room. On her way to her gentleman friend at the table, she runs her finger throug the neckline of Don's hair, She is almost past him when h eatches her hand and pulls her towards hin, . 10424444 (Continued)
0) 163) dialog: 
0) 165) dialog: 
0) 167) dialog: 
0) 169) dialog: Don looks off
0) 171) dialog: 
0) 173) dialog: 
0) 175) dialog: 
0) 177) dialog: ‘THE LOST WEEKEND 10-50-44
0) 178) text: Shall we dance? Youtre awfully pretty, Mr. Birnam. You say that to all the boys. Why, natch. Only with you it's on the level. . Is it? Whatever became of your manicurist job? I've still got it. only I find IT can't work more than four hours a day, three days a week. It's too tough on your eyes, all those little hangnails. Sit down. No thanks. Thanks a lot, but no thanks. There's somebody. waiting. © toward the table. Him? I bet he wears arch supporters. He's just an old friend of the folks. Lovely gentleman. Buys me dimpled Scotch. He should buy you Indian rubies, and a villa in Calcutta overlooking the Ganges. Don't be ridic. Gloria, please, why imperil our friendship with these loathsome abbreviations. I could meke myself free for later on if you want. I'm leaving for the weekend, Gloria. , Maybe another. time. ; Any time.. ‘And as she leans over, she runs her forefinger again through the neckline of his hair. :
0) 179) dialog: Just crazy about. the back of your hair. She returns to. the table.
6) 23) text: THE LOST WEEKEND ~ Be: (34) . (Conttd) DON: What two quarts? NAT?° The two bottles you had... An electric current runs through Don... DON: Thatts right, I did have two bottles, didntt I? I hid one of them., Itve. still got it.. Itm a capitalist, Natt. I've got untapped reserves. Itm rich?!: He taps the glass on the bar... NAT: (Pouring another. drink) Mr..Birnam, if you had enough money. you'd kill yourself in ae month, From the street. enters Gloria, wearing a shirtwaist and skirt, another foolish little hat, and high-heeled shoes with bows.. / GLORIA s- Say, Nat, was there a gentleman -~. (She sees Don) Hello, Mr.. Birnam. Didn't you go away for-the weekend? DON: Apparently not, Gloria... GLORIA 3: (Back to. Nat) Was there a gentleman in here asking for me? NATs Not to my knowledge there wasn't. He is drinking his. coffee, GLORIA: He was supposed to come around twelve etclock,. He's from Albany. DON: Another friend of the folks? GLORIA: More a friend of a friend of the folka type. A fellow telephoned me about him, Wants me to show him the town. NAT: Like Grantts Tomb for instance? GLORIA: .But def. NAT? Amazing, aintt it, how many guys run down from Albany just to see Grant's Tomb, 114-44 (Continued) ©
6) 25) dialog: 
6) 27) dialog: 
6) 29) dialog: 
6) 31) dialog: 
6) 33) dialog: Don shakes
6) 35) dialog: 
6) 37) dialog: DON: — his
6) 39) text: {Fe Don) Sometimes I wish you came from Albany. Where would you take me? Oh, lots of places. The Music Halt, and then the New Yorker Roof maybe. There is now being presented at a theatre on Forty-fourth Street the uneut version of Hamlet. I see us as setting out for that. Do you know Hamlet? I know Forty-fourth Street. Itd like to get your interpretation of Hamlet's character, And Itd like to give it to you. Dinner afterwards, I think. Nothing before. Always see Shakespeare on an empty stomach, Not. even a pretzel? head. But afterwards, dozens of bluepoints in the Rainbow Room. And a very light wine, Vouvray perhaps. Do you care for Vouvray? (Mystified) Why, natch, We may blindfold the orchestra so that I can dance with abandon, Arentt you going to dance with me? Of course, little Gloria, A man has entered the bar, a round-faced, middle-aged man with pince=nez,. his pocket.
6) 48) text: . -{Confidentially) aes Tell mez, this-ts Natta Bar, isn't 17 Itm looking for a young lady name a of Gloria, — . . With his thutb, Nat indicates Glonria.. ALBANY: . GLORIA’ «
6) 50) dialog: ALBANY s
6) 51) dialog: 
6) 53) dialog: 
6) 55) dialog: 
6) 57) dialog: 
6) 62) dialog: 
6) 64) dialog: 
6) 67) dialog: 
6) 69) dialog: 
6) 71) dialog: 
6) 73) dialog: 
6) 75) dialog: I'm going to get a facial, a finger- wave, a manicure. The works. Right now. : (With a sudden thought) You're going to call for me, aren't you? If you are, what time? What time do you suggest? How about eight? Eight's fine. I live right in the corner house, You know where the antique shop is, the one with the wooden Indian out- side? They've got the Indian sign on me, I always say. I'll be there. Second floor. Oh, Mr. Birnam, all I've got is a semi-formal. Will that be all right? That'll be fine. (Happily) Goodbye, Nat. : She starts for the door, turns.
6) 76) dialog: She exits.
11) 82) dialog: VOICE: Who is it? Don rings again.
11) 83) dialog: VOICE: Who is it? DON: It's me. The door is opened by Gloria. She is wearing @ dressing gown and bedroom slippers. Her hair is the ruined elabora hairdress of yesterday, and her eyes are blazing with anger. . GLORIA: Why, Mr. Birnam,-as I live and breathe! Only if youtre coming for our date, you're a little late, aren't you, Mr. Birnam? And if you're coming to apologize -=- no thanks. Thanks a lot, but no thanks. 11-14-44 (Continued)
11) 88) text: {(Gont!d) DON: Gloria = GLORIA: . Save your saliva. I've had enough of you. Def, but def, What do you think iam? I break a business date, I buy an evening purse, a facial, a new hair-do. Well, maybe you can do that to your ritzy friends, You can't to me, understand? DON: Bloria. GLORIA: Okay, what do you want, Mr. Don Birn: Esquire? : DON: I néed some money. GLORIA: You: what? < DON: Could you let me have some money? GLORIA: Say, you out of your mind? Don't be ridic. Get out of here, Make with those stairs, Go on§ She starts back into the apartment, but Don gets her by. hand, pulls her towards him and kisses her, At first she resists, then her hand creeps up to the back of his necky clutches it hungrily. GLORIA: I was waiting half the night, like it was the first date I ever had, And the other half Iwas crying. (She looks at him) How much money? DON: Could you let me have ten or five, or something? GLORIA’ Itll see. She slips into the apartment, leaving the door about thre inches ajar. Don leans against the door jamb, breathing heavily. After a couple of seconds Gloria reappears with a wallet. She takes five dollars out, gives it-to him. Don takes it with a shaking hand, GLORIA: (noticing) You. look ewfut sick, honeys You got a fever or something? She brushes his forehead with the back of her hand, DON: I'm all right now. 221444 (Continued)
11) 92) text: He takes her hand and kisses ith Gloria looks at him, the at her hand. GLORIA: Thank you alot. You do really like me a little, don't you, honey? DON: Why, natch, Gloria. Nateh. He bends, picks up the typewriter and starts downstairs Gloria looks after him. From inside the apartment comes: