0) 13) text: RV THE LOST WEEKEND _ And An2 (Conttd) ‘ WICK: Wetll fix a table-on the south . porch, : Nobody to disturb you -- I'll see to it, Except maybe Saturday night we'll go over to the Country Club... - DON: It not going near that Country Club. WICK: Why not? » DON: Because they're a bunch of hypocrites and I don't like to be whispered about: Look who's here from New York, - The Birnam brothers ---or rather the nurse and the invalid, WICK: Stop that, Don. .Nobody there knows about you, .- DON: No? We get off the train and the alarm is sounded: .The leper is back,.. Better hide your liquor. Footsteps have been racing up the stairs outside the flat and now there is a distinctive ring of ‘the doorbell: ‘sh short, long, short. - DON: Helen. « WICK: Itll take it, He goes toward the door while the bell resumes short, sho long, short. From the bedroom we see him open the door, .Itts HELEN, a right. .She is a clean-cut, good looking girl of twenty-s Her face is brave, gay piquant, . She's wearing a three- quarter-length leopard coat. . The Indian Summer day is a good ten degrees too warm for the coat, but that doesn't stop Helen from wearing her beloved, In her hand are ‘two books wrapped, and another small package...She enters breathlessly. . . . HELEN: - Hello, Wick, Where's Don? ~ Seeing him,.she crosses to the bedroom. . HELEN: - Glad I made it. .I was afraid you might be gone,- Presents,.- . She puts the packages in the suitcase, HELEN: The new Thurber book, with comical jokes and pictures, and a quiet little double 10923044 murder. by Agatha..Christie, (Continued) ’
0) 20) dialog: (Cont ta) he DON: . HELEN. °
0) 22) dialog: 
0) 24) text: (Putting in. the second package) Cigarettes and chewing gums Thanks, Helens — Now. have a good time, darling. ‘And remember ° -- lots of sleep, lots of mi Ana sweet cider and some of that, nice cold water from the well.’ Bend downe Ttts a running gag between these two. Don bends so that she can kiss him on the cheeke
0) 25) dialog: 
0) 27) dialog: 
0) 29) dialog: I'd better be goings: I*ve rid ssed tee ce ten minutes of the concert already. °° What concert? 1 Carnegie Hall. . Barbirolli sonduct~' ing. They gave me two tickets at the of fice. Who are you going with? Nobody « Some thing flickers in Don's eyes
0) 31) dialog: What are. they playing? Brahms! Second Symphony, something’. by Beethoven, something by ‘Handel, - and not.one note of Grieg. DON:.
0) 32) dialog: 
0) 45) dialog: 
0) 49) dialog: 
0) 61) text: {Gontta} : DON: Yes, That was the idea, Who likes Brabms, you or I? . so WICK: Sinee when. dont you like Brahms? DON: T!1z stay right here and finish : packing, Take a little nap mays « WICK: Nonsense. If anybody goes «.. Helen's your girl. - phere is en exchange of suspicious locks between Wiok and elene iF ° : HELEN: There's something in that, Done ) WICKS. What's more, I don't think you should | os pe left alonds DON: I shouldn't? | WLCKs "Noe _ | HELEN: Really, Done } DON: Why? I can't be trusted, Is that 16? WICcKs What T meant to say ~7. ty | HELEN: Wick. / | WICKS; After what Don's been through +- DONE, After what I've. been through, I couldn!t go to'a concert. I couldn't face the crowd. I couldn't sit through it with all those people around... I; want to be alone for a couple of hours, and : kind of assemble myself, Is ‘that’ su an extraordinary thing to want? : otis
0) 63) text: WICKs, Don't act so outraged, would you ‘mina? DON:. All pight, — Anything else? HELEN: Please, bors. Wick, . who has been sucking a cigarette throughout the s throws it out the window. None of the three see, but. wo do, that it doesn't fall out the window but ricochets . against the opened casement to “the” window’ silly ‘where iies smouldering. : WICKS ° . Some on, Helen. On25-44 — ae (Continued)
0) 69) text: THE LOS WEEKEND AnB (Conttd) HELEN You'll stay right here, won?t you? DONS Where would I go? HELEN $ Then you'll be -here when we come back? DON: I told you I'm not leaving this apartments, WICKs ' You!ve told us a good many things, Dong Furious, Don takes a bunch of keys from his pockets BON: All right, if you don't believe me, oO why don't you take my key and lock me in like a dogs HELEN 3 (To Wick) “ . We've got to trust Don. That's the only. waye WICK s, Sorry, Done : (To Helen) Here we g0e HELEN: So long, Dona, DON. So longe. HELEN s, {Pulling him by the lapel) Bend downs, His face is now close to herss, She kisses hime Wick turn awaye. His eyes fall on the cigarette still smouldering ‘ the sill. He goes toward the windows. Don, held by Helen, watches him tensely,. Wick flips the cigarette into the garden and is about to turn back into’ the room when his eyes fall on the cleat and the strings: He leans from the windows, Don lets Helen go, staring at Wick, panic in his eyes»: Helen, sensing something amiss, looks from. one- brother the others, WICK: (Hauling up. the bottle) “ What's this, Don?_. . Helen and Wiek watch Don.. Don's face.relaxes. into an in cent grins (continued)
0) 82) text: during my last spell, or maybe the one before. .: His.eyes meet Helen's. Hers are infinitely distressed: BON’ Don't look at.me like that,. Helen. | : Doesn't mean a thing. I didn't .lmow it was there. And if I had, I wouldn't have touched it: Wick has twisted the string off the bottle: , WICK: Then you won't mind. DON? Won't mind what? Wick, the bottle “in his hand, goes through the living ro toward the kitchenette. Don looks after him, then follows him) a stubborn smile on his lips. Helen trails after them, acutely embarrassed. .
0) 86) text: THE LOST WEEKEND An1O (Conttd) HELEN: Letts go. . . Wick shrugs and goes to the hall for his hate HELEN: (To Don) Be good, won't you, Don, darling? She turns to go, but Don holds her batks DON: Of course, Helene Just stop watch- ing me all the time, you twos Let me work it out my way. I'm trying, Itm trying. . HELEN: We're both trying, Don. You're trying not to drink, and I'm try- ing not to love yous She kisses him on the mouth, a woman hopelessly in loves Then, so that he won't see her moist eyes, she turns and hurries into the entrance hall. :
0) 93) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Awl (Contid) . WICK: Hetil be all right. HELEN: What if he goes out and buys another bottle? WICK: With what? He hasn't a nickel. There isn't a store, there isn't a bar that'd give him five cents! worth of credits They descend a few stepse HELEN: Are you sure he hasntt another bottle . hidden. somewhere? WICK: Not any more, he hasn't. I went through the apartment with a fines toothed comb. The places he can figure out! They. go on down the stairs.’
1) 0) text: Helen disappears from the window into the room,
2) 0) text: Helen is moving away from the window. Wick stands before his suitcase, which is open and all packed save for slipp and bathrobe, which he is rolling together. HELEN: Do you. suppose hets at Morandi's, or Nat's bar, or that place on Forty-second Street? WICK: What difference does it make? HELEN: Youtre not really going, Wick. WICK: I certainly am. He puts the robe with the slippers inside it into the cas HELEN: You cantt leave him alone, Not for four days. Wick slams shut the suitcase, snaps the lock. HELEN: Wick, for heavents sake, if hets left alone anything can happen! I'll be tied up at the office every - minute, All Saturday. All Sunday. I can't look out for him. You know how he gets. Hetll be run.over by : a car, Hetll be arrested. He doesn't — know what he's doing. <A cigarette will fall out of his mouth and he'll burn in his bed «-- — WICK: Oh Helen, if it happens, it happens. And I hope it does.’ I've had six years of this, Ifve had my beliyful. HELEN: You can't mean that. , Wick takes his suitcase, goes into the living room, WICK: Yes, I do. It's terrible, I know, but I mean ity Helen follows him. 10-24044
2) 10) text: HELEN: For heaven's sake, Wick -- WICK: Who are we fooling? We've tried everything, haven't we? Welve reasoned with him, wetve babied him, We've watched him like a hawk. Wetve tried trusting him. How often have you eried? How often have I beaten him up? We scrape him out of the gutter and pump some kind of self-respect into him, and back he falls, back in, every time, HELEN: Hets a sick person. It's as though he had something wrong with his lungs or his heart. You wouldn't walk out on him because he had an attack, He needs our help. He hates us. He wants to be alone with that bottle of his. .It's the only thing he gives a hang about. Helen turns away from Wick, leans against the wail, hopin he won't see that she's crying. WICK: Why kid ourselves? ‘He's one of the : lost ones. (OR, ALTERNATE LINE: )
2) 11) text: Why kid ourselves? He's a hopeless alcoholic, Wick leans into the bedroom, snaps off the light. He pick up. the suitcase, puts the topcoat over his arm, takes he very gently by the arm WICK: Come, Helen. He leads her towards the entrance door.
3) 0) text: Wick and Helen have come out. Wick is hailing a taxis WICK: Taxit Taxii (To Helen) Itll give you a lift as far as Grand Central. HELEN: No. thanks, Wick, I'm going to wait here. WICK: Youtre crazy. HELEN: Because I wontt. give up? Maybe ITsam. A taxi drives up. WICK: Oh Helen, give yourself a chance, Let go of him, HELEN: Goodbye, Wick, Wick opens the door of the taxi.
4) 0) text: Helen waits outside the house, A couple of kids chasing each other on roller skates almost run into her, She step back and stands in the doorway, looking up and down the street.
7) 53) dialog: 
7) 56) dialog: 
7) 58) dialog: 
7) 60) dialog: 
7) 62) dialog: 
7) 64) dialog: 
7) 66) dialog: 
7) 71) dialog: 
7) 73) dialog: How do you like New York? Love it. How long are you going to stay? Oh, sixty years, perhaps. Don doesn't get it.
7) 74) dialog: 
7) 76) dialog: DONs
7) 82) dialog: 
7) 84) dialog: 
7) 86) dialog: 
7) 89) dialog: 
7) 91) dialog: 
7) 93) dialog: 
7) 95) dialog: 
8) 0) text: It is filled with the routine activity of a big commercia hotel on a hot summer day, Don Birnam, in a light summer suit, paces up and down the lobby. Under his arm is a florist!s box. He keeps eyeing the doors to the elevators, He walks. toward one of those circular plush settees common to hotels, sits down, puts flower box next to him and adjusts: the kmot of his tie, eye still on the elevator doors. On the other side of the settee are a middle-aged couple. Don can't see them, they cantt see him, as he overhears t conversation, and it tekes him a little time to realize t they are Helen's parents, MR. ST, JAMES is wearing a linen sult and a good but yell ing panama hat, the brim turned up. MRS. ST. JAMES is a cheerful little woman with glasses pinned to her dress, t kind that pull. “Mr. St. James is fuming a little, MR. ST. JAMES: Just walked in for a simple haircut. No, that wasn't enough, not for New York. They gave me a shampoo, a scalp massage, a manicure. Thought they'd - tear my shoes off and paint my toenails, Mrs. St. James laughs comfortably. MRS. ST. JAMES: I had-a lovely morning. Just did a little window shopping, I didn't want ' to get all tired out. oO MR. ST. JAMES: On account of meeting that young man? _ Now, Mother. : MRS. ST. JAMES ¢: :Who did you. get a haireut for? 11-7644 - (Continued)
8) 15) text: This Birnam fellow went to Cornell, didnit he? I. believe so, but Helen says he never graduated. I wonder why. Thirty-three. He has no job. How old is he? As far as le find out, he never had one. wish Helen wasn't so vague. an
9) 16) text: {Contta) / WICK: Don? He snaps on the light, sees Don on the couch, drunk, Don doesn't move an inch, only his eyes close, DON: Turn off that light. WICK: For heaven's sake, Don. DON: . Turn it off} Wick snaps off the light, From now on the scene plays in dimness, save for the shaft of light from the entrance ha Wick throws. the briefcase into a chair. WICK: I thought you were with Helen and her father and mother. No answer, WICK: What happened? Still no answer. Wick goes and sits beside Don, takes the glass from his hand. WICK: (Gently) Come on, Don, - DON: , I couldn't face it, WICK: You couldn't face what? Didn't you go to see them? DON: Certainly I went. One o'clock sharp. And I saw them, all right. Only they didn't see mes WICK: How was. that? _ DON: Such nice, respectable people. I couldn't face them, Wick, and all the questions they'd ask me. I couldn't face them. Not cold. I had'to have a drink first, Just one. Only the one didn't do anything to me, WICK: So you had another and another. You . poor idiot, Don. Won't you ever learn with you it's like stepping off a roof and expecting to fall just one floor? Don puts his arm-over his face. 11-7044 . ] (Continued) -
9) 24) text: THE LOST WEEKEND” Be26 (Cont'd) (52) DON: : Youtre right, you're right. . ’ | There's. nothing I can” says There is a long second of silence, Wick looking at Dons . DON: Go ahead. Bawl me out, Wick, let me, have it, Why don't you take that bottle and smash it over my face. There is another pause. Wick speaks very quietly. WICK: It's a quarter of eight. I suppose they're : still in that hotel, waiting for you, | DON: Call her up, Wick, will you? Tell | her something. Tell her I'm sick. | Tell her Itm dead, . Wick has bent over Don and loosened his tie. . DON: Will you call her? WICK: Yes, I'll call her. . ' DON: She must have written them a lot of nice things about me. What a gentle« man Iam. A princes WICK: Which hotel is it? DON: The Manhattan, Mr. and Mrs, Charles St. James from Toledo, Ohio. Paying no attention to the sound of steps which has beeri coming from the staircase; Wick rises, puts the glass of whiskey on the table and is about to cross towards the te phone when the doorbell rings -- short, short, long; shor Wick freezes. Don sits up on the couch. They know that ri There is a helpless look in Don's eyes; WICK? (Whispering) Get up, Don. Don, clinging to Wickts arm, pulls himself up.. Wick push him through the doorway to the dark bedroom, closing the after him. The bell rings-again, that same ring: WICK: Just. a minute, Helen; He snaps on the lights in the living room, rolls the empt bottle under the couch; takes the glass of whiskey, puts behind the pile of records. As he is starting. towards th door, the bottle rolls from under the couch: Wick stops a rolls it back again, then goes inte the hall and opens th door.. Helen, in a great hurry, stands outside, nervousi
9) 34) text: Hello, Wick. Is Don here? Don? No. Helen comes into the living room.
9) 35) dialog: WICKs Any idea where he could be? Wasn't he meeting you? Be32 DON, IN THE DARK BEDROOM He stands leaning against the wall, breathing heavily. Hi eyes gleam with anxiety, Coming from the living room, sta bing him deep, is:
9) 39) dialog: 
9) 41) dialog: 
9) 43) dialog: 
9) 45) dialog: 
9) 59) dialog: WICK: Don thinks I drink too muche. He walks over to the records and picks up the glass.. WICK: I had to promise Itd go on the wagon. That's why I hid the bottle; so he wouldn't. see ite He takes a drink, HELEN: Itm'so sorry, Wicks -I shouldn't have started asking questionsse It was none of my business. WICK: Forget it.
9) 65) text: "HE LOST WEEKEND “1-25-44. B28 a (56 B-59 LIVING ROOM & ‘ENTRANCE HALL "Almost at the door. to the entrance hall, Helen turns ba Wick stands, the glass of whiskey in his hand, startled taut at the sight of Don who comes in, not too steady on his feet. a DON: - . I’m sorry, Helen. I can't let you go. .Not like that. HELEN: Dont ces WICK: Shut your mouth; ‘Don, (To Helen) Itlhl take you. downstairs. DON: Thank you. very much for your Philadelphia Story, Wick. Nice try. vy Helen comes back into the room, staring at Don. She is be ginning to realize that he's drunk. Don looks at the glas “in Wickts hand, DON: That looks so silly on you. He takes the glass out of Wick's hand. - WICK: (To Helen) Don't listen to him, DON: You don't have to. Just look at . : the two of us, : . HELEN: Yes. Whatts all this covering up? WI 3 All that happened is that Don was nervous at the idea of meeting your parents and so he book - a couple of drinks, DON: : Come on, Wick, she'd: have found out. sooner or later, HELEN: “ $top it, both ‘of: you. Don's a little tight. Most people drink a little. A lot of them. get tight once in a wits: DON: Sures The lucky ones who can-take it or leave it, But then there. are the ones who. can't.take it, but cantt-leave it either, What I'm trying to say is Itm-not.a drinker, I'm a drunk, They had to put me away once. (Continued)
9) 73) dialog: 
9) 76) dialog: 
9) 78) dialog: 
9) 80) text: THE LOST WEEKEND 12-30-44 BeBe He went to a cure.” Which didn't take. That first day we met, you see, the dirty trick was I should have had the decency to get arunk, just for your sake For my sake? Wetre talking about youe (Turning to Wick) Is it really that bady Wick? Yes, it ise Can't we go over this tomorrow, Don . when youtre feeling more like yourself? Helen's heard the facts» That's all there is to its . . : I've heard them and they're not very pleasante’ But they could be worses After all, you're not an embézzler or . a murderers You drink too much. That's not fatal....One cure didn!t take.’ There are others. Of course there are. This has a familiar ring. There must be a reason why you drink. The right doctor can find ite I'm way ahead of the right doctor. I know the reason, ‘The reason is mes What Iams Or, rather, what I'm not, What aren't you that you want to be, Don? A writers. Silly, isn't it? You see, in college I passed for a genius. ‘They couldn't. get out the college magazine without one of my stories. Boy, was I. . hot. Hemingway stuffs .I reached my peak when I was nineteen. Sold a piece to the Atlantic. Monthly. It was reprinted. in. the Readers! Digest, Who wants to stay in ‘college when he!s Hemingway? . My mother bought me a brand new. typewriter, and I moved right in on New York. Well, the first thing I wrote, that didn't-quite come off. And the second I droppeds The publie wasn't ready for that ones (Continued)
9) 84) dialog: 
9) 91) dialog: 1 oo Here are the bullefis. The gun went for three quarts of whiskey... That other Don wanted us to have a drink filest,. He always wants us to.have a. drink figrst. The flop suicide of a flop writer. CEASE MS got ie All right, maybe you're not a writer. Why don't you do Something else? . ‘Yes, take a mice foo. Public accountant, real estate ‘salesman. I haven't the guts, Helen. Most men Jiead lives of quiet . desperation. .I.c#n't take quiet desperation. But you are a writter. You have every quality for it. ‘Imagination, wit, pity -- {Continue d) the
9) 98) dialog: 
9) 123) text: THE LOST WEEKEND 11. 15h44_ Bose That was three years ago; Nat. That's @ long time to keep fighting, to keep believing. They'd try.a health farm, a psychiatrist, a sanatorium in New Jersey. No go. She'd be patient. She'd be gay. She'd encourage him. Shetd buy .a new ribbon for his typewriter ~ a two-color job, black and red, Just write, Don. Keep writing. ~ That first paragraph came off. so well ss There was no second paragraph, There were drinks, . Drinks sneaked in secret, In the bathroom, here, in Harlem. Promises again, lies agains But she holds on. She knows. she's clutching a razor blade but she. wontt let go. Three years of its And what? How does it come out? I. don't know. Haven't. figured that fat, Want me to tell you? One day your guy | gets wise to himself and gets back that gun. Or, if he's only got a dollar ten, he goes up to the Empire State Building, way up on top, and then -- (he snaps his fingers) : | Or he can do it for a nickel, in a sub~ way under a train, : Think so, Nat? What if Helen is right, | after all, and he sits down and turns out ; something good =- but good =- and that pulls him up and snaps him out of 1%? This guy? Not from where I sit. Shut. up; Nat. Itm going to-do it, Itm going to do it now, It's all theres You heard it. ok Yes, Mr, Birnam, That's. why I didntt go.on that weekend, see, so I can be alone up there and sit down eat my typewriter, This time Itm going to do it, Nat, Itm going to do it. By gosh, maybe you will, Thenk you, Nat, . {he's up on his feet) Am I all paid up? ee (Continued)
11) 116) text: They start downstairs, Mrs. Deveridge talking as they : descend, . . MRS. DEVERIDGE: I could have kicked him out fifty, times, . . The last when two taxi drivers dumped him | ‘ into the entrance hall, out cold on the floor, with all my tenants going in and out, and children leaving for schoole HELEN: Oh please, please} MRS. DEVERIDGE: Well, I didn't put him out, not as long as his brother could pay the rent. You couldn't help. liking him anyway. He was 80 good-looking, he had such nice manners, He always. had a little jokes. HELEN: Stop talking about him as if he were dead. MRS, DEVERIDGE: Did I? I didn't mean to. Hope it wasntt bad luck,
12) 23) text: De24 EXT. DOOR OF BIRNAM APARTMENT / Helen stands outside, ringing the bell. Wo answer, HELEN: . Don, open the door. Open it, Please, Still no answer and she raps on the door,
12) 42) text: = HSS SEED Del? (contt a) (98) They are beside the Light switch Helen snaps ib on, DON: . Nos: Helen; not : HELEN? Whatts the matter, Don? DON! The walls Donit look: HELEN: What wali? Don gestures toward thé spot where the bat and the mouse were. DON: : The mouse and the bat. | HELEN: “What mouse? What bat? DON: .. That-hole in the wall -- HELEN: There igntt any hole in the wall, Look, She. leads Don toward it, He stares at the smooth, un- stained wall, HELEN: See? Don runs his hand over the wall. HELEN? You had-some kind of a nightmare. She leads hin into the bedroom, talking as they. B06 EELEN: Stop shaking, Don. Everything will be. alt right. Itll stay right with you. She seats him on the beds ‘Don is panting hard, comletely oblivious of the fact that Helen is in the room, DON: Little animals. It's always libble ne animals, That's what Bim said. HEIEN: _  ---Youfre not making much sense. She turns on the bed lamp. DON: And do you. know what Nat said about the ending? Ilke this: : {He snaps his fingers . vertically) Or like that. - {Be a them . guteliy) He goes s omirepesting the gestare; growing Gespaly in hi eyes. " FADE OUT. Sedat - BRD. OR-sRQURNOR: M'p- 1o~6m44
12) 60) dialog: 
12) 62) dialog: 
12) 64) dialog: 
12) 66) dialog: 
12) 68) dialog: 
12) 70) dialog: 
12) 82) text: (Conttda) HELEN: A gentleman was here a while ago. . .How-much~did you give him for that coat? PAWN BROKER: Huh? Ce LE HELEN: I want it back. It's my coat’. PAWN BROKER: It's your coat? HELEN: It's all. right. He had my permis~ : sion. How much did you give him?: PAWN BROKER: He didn't want any money. He... . wanted to swap its HELEN: For what? PAWN BROKER: Something he hpcked here a long while back, HELEN: What? PAWN BROKER: A gun. Now if you want that coat I can o-- Helen is already out of the shop and running down the rainy street. DISSOLVE;
12) 98) dialog: 
12) 100) text: THE LOST WEEXEND Ba5 Would you care to wear my black bowler? o Some old scarf or something. All right. He steps to the chest of drawers in the bedroom.. Helen, looking around desperately, sees something reflect in the shaving mirror: THE GUN IN THE WASH BOWL, Before she can step toward it, Don is back with the scarf
12) 102) dialog: 
12) 104) dialog: 
12) 106) dialog: 
12) 108) dialog: Just one. Look, it's right here. She puts down the raincoat and the scarf and goes to the kitchen for a giass.-
12) 110) dialog: 
12) 118) text: DON: Go on now, He half pushes, half leads her into the entrance hall. DON: And no fuss, please. Don't call in the neighbors, It won't do any Bood, I promise you.- HELEN: I wontt. You've. made up your mind. | Could you tell me exactly why? DON: Because it's best all around, for everybody. ‘For you, for Wick, for me. . . HELEN: That's not trué. We love you, Wick and I. | DON: . All right. Just for me, then. Selfish again, : HELEN : That's a sad final word, Don, wey DON: Look at it this way, Helen. This : © pusiness is just a formality. Don Ne Birnam is dead already. He died over this weekend, HELEN; . Did he? What did he die of? DON: ’ of a lot of things. Of alcohol, of moral anemia, of fear, of shame, of D.T.ts. HELEN + Oh, that Don Birnam. And now you want. to kill the other one. DON: What other? HELEN: There were two Dons. You told me . so yourself, Don Birnem, the drunk, and Don Birnam, the writer. Who died of fear and shame and D.T.'s2 The drunk, not the writer. DON: You're just wasting your time. HELEN: So now that Don the writer is free, mo now that hets cured, you want to blow out his brains and his talent. - and his ambition.
12) 124) text: (Contd) DON: Talent! Ambition! ‘That's way back somewhere, . HELEN: Itts not,” It's shead, You can write _ now. You can finish something, I promise you. He can't whisper to you any more. He can't interfere. Hets dead, DON: Stop trying to stall me, Helen. It's too late, Itve lost the will to write.» It's all gone. What do you expect, a miracle? _ . HELEN: Yes, yes, yes. If I could only make You «- . The doorbell rings, DON: Who is it? NATtS VOICE: Itts me, Mr, Birnam, . DON: What is it, Nat? . NAT: I got something for you. Don goes to the door and opens it, Nat stands outside holding something under his wet raincoat, NAT: You know when you had your accident? Well, afterwards I found this float- ing around on the Nile. He pulls out Don's typewriter. DON: Thank you, Nat, NAT: She writes real good, I ofled her up a little, And I didn't oLl her up 80 you can hock her. Helen comes up. HELEN: Itli take it, Nat, NAT: Hello, Miss. — Helen takes the typewriter, carries it toward the desk, NAT: Goodbye, everybody. (Disereetly, to Don) ‘How's all them lilacs in Ohio? 12n26—44 (Continued)
12) 132) text: Don goes into the living rooms Helen sits at the desk, opening the typewriter.
12) 133) dialog: 
12) 135) dialog: 
12) 138) dialog: Come on, Don, let's get to work. What are we walting for? You're not serious about this, Helen. Somebody is. Somebody somewhere sent this typewriter to you. Why? Because he means you're to write. I didn't ask for a. big miracle. Write what? A brisk little serial,. blending love, humor and success? Something in four installments, for a@ slick-paper magazine? Just what you started to write. Where's that page I found? (She picks it up) "The Bottle. A novel by Don Birnam." What was that to be? About a drunk. About a messed=up life filled with a lot of weekends like this last one. The suitcases he packed, the trains he missed. Lost weekends. Good. I'll say this for Don, the drunk: he left you a wealth of material. You'll notice there isn't even the first word of the first line. No pattern,. no anything. But your patsern is the weekend. You just said the beginning: you packing your suitcase. There's no need to be afraid of this white sheet. T!ll do the typing.. Come on, Light a cigarette, walk up and down, You're going to dlotate ons page before I leave this chair. Don lights a cigarette, thinks...
12) 139) dialog: 
12) 149) text: DON: He was a highly unremarkable young man, comma, that is, in most respests. As Helen is typing it, the door is opened and Wick comes carrying his suitcase and wearing his camel's-hair overco wet from the rain. He stops such a peaceful picture. in the door, surprised to find WICK: Why, hello, HELEN: Quiet, Wick. We're working. WICK: You are? HELEN: Just fix us some breakfast. WICK: All right. He is still wide-eyed from surprise as he puts down the suitcase. . DON: You'll find quite a supply of milky With the words, he thrusts his cigarette into the full . jigger of whiskey, Wick's eyes goggle incredulously as he moves into. the ki DON: Where. was I? It was a long Oh, yes. (Starting to dictate) weekend his brother had prescribed for him, on the family farm upstate. He loved the farm, but his mind wasn't on the farm, nor was it on the weekend...”