0) 143) text: - THE LOST WEEKEND 10-30-44 As16 (Gont'a) MRS. DEVERIDGE: (Rontidentially, to her companion That's’ that nice young man that & arinks. — The other lady tsk-tsks.’.They both look after Don, Don is about ‘ten fect beyond them. Perhaps he has over- heard the remark... In any case, he 1s looking back. His look meets theirs. - Embarrassed, they turn. Mrs. Deveridge jerks on the leash. MRS. DEVERIDGE: Come on, Sophie. Let's go. fhey walk down the street in the opposite direction from On. .
0) 150) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Ani? (Conttd) NAT: ‘(Wiping his hands) Look, Mr. Birnam -- DON: If that is your attitude, Nat, I shall have to drown my sorrows in a; jigger of rye. Just one, that's ally NAT: Can't be done, Mr. Birnamé DON: Can't? Let me guess why. My brother was here, undermining my financial structure. NAT: I didn't tell him nothing about the wrist watch you left here, or your cuff links. DON: Thank you, Nat. Today, you'll be glad to know, we can barter. on. a cash basis. He takes the bills and change from his pocket, puts it on the bar. NAT (Reaching for the bottle and the jigger) One straight rye. DON: That was the idea. Nat pours the drink, then returns to squeezing lemons, Do picks. up the glass, is suddenly acutely aware of the peo at the table, of Nat's eyes. The glass freezes halfway to his mouth. He puts it down-and starts playing the. noncha i” lant, casual drinker -- the man who can take it or lea He fingers the glass, turning 1t round and round. He take a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and shakes one out, lights it. As he puts the match in the ashtray, his eyes fall on that jigger of whiskey. It's hard to resist it an longer. He takes a handkerchief from his pocket, wipes hi forehead, then his parched mouth. The time has come noWs He puts the handkerchief back in his pocket, lifts the glass and drains it in one gulp. Actually, Don doesn't like the taste of liquor, actively hates it indeed, as a- one-legged man might hate the sight of his crutches but need. them in order to walk. Now that he has the drink in him, a kind of relieved grin comes back to Don's face. He holds the empty jigger in hi hand. Nat has come up’ with the bar towel to wipe off the wet ring left by the glass, 10-24—44 (Continued)
0) 153) text: THE LOST WEEKEND . AvL8 (Cont'd) DON: Dontt wipe it away, Nat, Let me have my little vicious circle. The circle is the perfect geometric figure. No end, no beginning wi» What time is it? . NAT? Quarter of four. DON: Good, That gives us the whole after- noon together, . (He holds out his glass for another drink) Only tell me when it's a quarter of six. Very important. We're. going to the country for a weekend, my brother and I. From the ‘table in the background comes Gloria, headed fo the powder room. Passing Don, she runs her finger through the neckline of his hair. GLORIA: Hello, Mr. Birnam. Glad to have you back with the organization, DON: Hello, Gloria. She goes on. Don turns back to Nat. DON: Not just a Saturday-Sunday weekends A&A very long weekend. I wish I could take you along, Nat. You -- (With.a gesture towards the liquor shelves) and all that goes with yous Without a change of expression, Nat pours the second drin DON: Not that I'm cutting myself off from civilization altogether, He points at the bag with the apples showing. Nat looks, but doesn't get it. Like a magician, Don takes two apples out, revealing the necks of the bottles, DON: . (Gulping down the whiskey) Now of course there arises the problem of transportation into the country. How to smuggle these two time bombs past the royal guard. I shall tell you how, Nat, because I'm so fond of you. Only give me another drink. Nat pours one, 10-24244 (Continued)
0) 158) text: DON: I'm going to roll one bottle in a copy of the Saturday Evening Post, so my brother can discover it like that. . .{He snaps his fingers) And I want him-to.discover it, be= cause that'll set his mind at rest. The other bottle -- : (Confidentially to Nat) Come here, Nat leans over the bar towards - DON: That one I'm tucking into my dear brother's suitcase. Hetll transport. _ it himself, without knowing it, of course, While he's greeting the care-+ taker, I'll slide it out and hide it in a hollow of the old apple tree. NAT: Aw, Mr. Birnam, why don't you lay off the stuff for a while. DON: I-may never’ touch it while I'm there, Not a drop. What you don't understand, all of you, is that I've got to know it's around. That I can have it if I need it. I can't be cut off completely. That's the devil. That's what drives you crazy. NAT: Yeah. I know a lot of guys like that. They take a bottle and put it. on the shelf, All they want is just to look at it. They won't even carry a cork- screw along, just to be sure. Only all of a sudden they grab the bottle and bite off the neck. DON: : Nat, one more reproving word and I shall consult our lawyer about a divorce. He points to the empty glass for Nat to fill it. Nat pour another jigger. . DON: Quarter of six. Don't forget. My brother must find me at home, ready and packed, Gloria is back from the powder room. On her way to her gentleman friend at the table, she runs her finger throug the neckline of Don's hair, She is almost past him when h eatches her hand and pulls her towards hin, . 10424444 (Continued)
0) 178) text: Shall we dance? Youtre awfully pretty, Mr. Birnam. You say that to all the boys. Why, natch. Only with you it's on the level. . Is it? Whatever became of your manicurist job? I've still got it. only I find IT can't work more than four hours a day, three days a week. It's too tough on your eyes, all those little hangnails. Sit down. No thanks. Thanks a lot, but no thanks. There's somebody. waiting. © toward the table. Him? I bet he wears arch supporters. He's just an old friend of the folks. Lovely gentleman. Buys me dimpled Scotch. He should buy you Indian rubies, and a villa in Calcutta overlooking the Ganges. Don't be ridic. Gloria, please, why imperil our friendship with these loathsome abbreviations. I could meke myself free for later on if you want. I'm leaving for the weekend, Gloria. , Maybe another. time. ; Any time.. ‘And as she leans over, she runs her forefinger again through the neckline of his hair. :
0) 186) text: THE LOST WEEKEND . 10-30-44 A-2h_ A=25 (Cont'd) NAT: Okay. OC _ He pours. ; DON: And haye one yourself, Nat. NAT. Not me, Mr, Birnam. DON: I often wonder what the barman puys, one~ half so precious as the stuff he sells. Nat has poured the drink. Don points at it. DON: Come on; Nat. One little jigger of | - dreams. NAT: Nope. DON: You don't approve of drinking? NAT: “Not the way you drink. DON: It. shrinks my liver, doesn't it, Nat? It pickles my kidneys. Yes. But what ! does it do to my mind? It tosses the sandbags overboard so the.balloon can ; soar. Suddenly I'm above the ordinary. a I'm competent, supremely competent. : I'm walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls. I'm one of the great ones.” I'm Michelangelo moulding the beard of Moses. I'm Van Gogh, painting pure sunlight. I'm Horowitz playing the Emperor Concerto. I'm John Barrymore before the movies got him by the throat. I'm a holdup man -+ I'm Jesse James and his two brothers, all three of them. I'm W. Shakespeare. And © out there it's not Third Avenue any. . longer. It's the Nile. The Nile, Nat, and down it moves the barge of Cleopatra. Listen: . Purple-the sails, and so perfumed that The winds were love-sick with them; ~. the oars were silver, Les Which to the tune*of flutes kept stroke, and made we The water which they beat to follow . faster; .- ae As amorous of their strokes. For her . ‘ own person, t It beggartd all deseription. (continued)
6) 4) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Bak (Cont'd) . MRS. WERTHEIM, a gray-haired, stocky woman,.is sorting laundry. The shop's bell rings as Don comes in. His nerve are on edge but he manages to work up a little nonchalanc DON: _ Guten Tag, Mrs. Wertheim. How's business? MRS. Business he is good, thank you.- There WERTHEIM: isn't a fortune-in it,.but you- know: small fish, good fish. And I keep young end healthy. Why. shouldn't I, sitting in a Turkish bath all day for ree? She has picked a package from.the shelf, puts it on the sounter. MRS... WERTHEIM ; Three dollars and ninety. DON: I wonder if you could do me a favor; gneedige Fran? MRS. WERTHEIM: Always glad, Mr. Birnam. DON: My brother's gone away for the week- end and he took the checkbook along...
6) 8) dialog: 
6) 11) text: DON $ That's all right. She hands him the five dollars. ; DON: Danke schoen, Mrs. Wertheim. He turns and leaves, doesn't even hear? MRS. Your laundry, Mr. Birnam! How about WERTHEIM: your laumdry? : She looks after him but there's only the ringing of the shop bell as he leaves.
6) 15) text: i Bl a a e Ba4 (Cont'd) ; DON: (Quietly, though his nerves are cracking) Can't you hurry it up a little, Nat? Nat pours a jiggerful. NAT: Here you are, Mr. Birnam, DON: Thank you, Nat. Don chokes it down and holds out the jigger for another. Nat pours it. NAT: That young lady stopped in last night, looking. for you. DON: What young lady? NAT: The one with the leopard coat. DON: Yeah? | NAT: She was acting like she just happened | to drop in, but I know she was making i the rounds after you. DON: {Panicky) What did you say to her? NAT: I said you hadn't been in for two : weeks, DON: Good. I can't let her see me. Not’ now while I'm "off" like this, NAT: Then why in the name of --- Why don't you cut it short? . DON: Youtre talking like a child. You cantt : cut it short!. You're on that merry-go- round and youfve got to ride it all the way, round and. round, till the blasted music wears itself. out and the thing dies down and clunks to a stop, Nat. brings over the plate of ham and eggs. NAT: How about you eating this? DON: “fake it away. NAT: You got to eat something sometime, 11-444 , (Continued) Ov
6) 20) text: (Conttd) DON: Give me enother drink. NAT: Look, Mr, Birnam, this ig still morning. He pours another drink. Don downs it. DON: Thatts when you need it most, in the morning, Haven't you learned that, Nat? . At night this stuff's a drink. In the morning it's medicine. NAT: - Okay if I eat? DON: Move it a little to one side. Don taps with the jigger. Nat fills it, then sits down to his ham and eggs. DON: Nat, are you ever scared when you wake up? So soared the sweat starts out of you? No, not you. With you it's sim ple. Your alarm clock goes off. and you open your eyes and brush your teeth ' and read the Daily Mirror. Thatts all. i Do you ever lie in your bed looking at : the window? A little daylight's coming through, and you start wondering: is it getting lighter, is it getting. darker? Is it dawn or dusk? That's a _ terrifying problem, Nat. You hold your breath and you pray that it's dusk, so : you can go out and get yourself some more liquor. Because if itts dawn, youtre dead, The bars are closed and the liquor stores don't open till nine. You can't last till nine. Or it might be Sunday. That's the worst, : No liquor stores at all, and you guys wouldn't open a bar, not until one o'clock. Why? Why, Nat? NAT: Because we got to-go to church once in a while. That's why. DON: , Yes, when a guy needs it most. He drinks his jiggerful. NAT: How about those two quarts? Did you polish them off last night? ~ (Continued) aq
6) 23) text: THE LOST WEEKEND ~ Be: (34) . (Conttd) DON: What two quarts? NAT?° The two bottles you had... An electric current runs through Don... DON: Thatts right, I did have two bottles, didntt I? I hid one of them., Itve. still got it.. Itm a capitalist, Natt. I've got untapped reserves. Itm rich?!: He taps the glass on the bar... NAT: (Pouring another. drink) Mr..Birnam, if you had enough money. you'd kill yourself in ae month, From the street. enters Gloria, wearing a shirtwaist and skirt, another foolish little hat, and high-heeled shoes with bows.. / GLORIA s- Say, Nat, was there a gentleman -~. (She sees Don) Hello, Mr.. Birnam. Didn't you go away for-the weekend? DON: Apparently not, Gloria... GLORIA 3: (Back to. Nat) Was there a gentleman in here asking for me? NATs Not to my knowledge there wasn't. He is drinking his. coffee, GLORIA: He was supposed to come around twelve etclock,. He's from Albany. DON: Another friend of the folks? GLORIA: More a friend of a friend of the folka type. A fellow telephoned me about him, Wants me to show him the town. NAT: Like Grantts Tomb for instance? GLORIA: .But def. NAT? Amazing, aintt it, how many guys run down from Albany just to see Grant's Tomb, 114-44 (Continued) ©
6) 96) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Belo res: - (38) Look, Mr, Birnam, there's a lot of bars on Third Avenue. Do me a favor -- get out of here and buy it someplace else. What's the matter? I. don't like you much, What was the idea of pulling her leg? You know you're never going to take her out. Who says I'm not? : Isay so. You're drunk and you're | just making with your mouth. | Give me a drink, Nat. And that other dame -- I mean the lady. I don't like what you're doing to her either. ' Shut up. : You should've seen her last night, coming in here looking for you, with her eyes all rainy and the mascara all washed away. ; Give me a drink! That's an awful high class young lady. . ' You bet she is. é How the heck did she ever get mixed up with a guy that sops it up like you do? . It's a problem, isn't it. That nice young man that drinks, and the high- class young lady, and how did she ever get mixed up with him, and why does he drink and why doesn't he stop. That's my novel, Nat. I wanted to start writing it out in the country. Morbid stuff. Nothing for the Book-of- the Month Club. A horror story. The confessions of a booze addict, the log book of an alcoholic. (Holding out the jigger) - Come on, Nat, break down. aan (Continued)
8) 0) text: It is filled with the routine activity of a big commercia hotel on a hot summer day, Don Birnam, in a light summer suit, paces up and down the lobby. Under his arm is a florist!s box. He keeps eyeing the doors to the elevators, He walks. toward one of those circular plush settees common to hotels, sits down, puts flower box next to him and adjusts: the kmot of his tie, eye still on the elevator doors. On the other side of the settee are a middle-aged couple. Don can't see them, they cantt see him, as he overhears t conversation, and it tekes him a little time to realize t they are Helen's parents, MR. ST, JAMES is wearing a linen sult and a good but yell ing panama hat, the brim turned up. MRS. ST. JAMES is a cheerful little woman with glasses pinned to her dress, t kind that pull. “Mr. St. James is fuming a little, MR. ST. JAMES: Just walked in for a simple haircut. No, that wasn't enough, not for New York. They gave me a shampoo, a scalp massage, a manicure. Thought they'd - tear my shoes off and paint my toenails, Mrs. St. James laughs comfortably. MRS. ST. JAMES: I had-a lovely morning. Just did a little window shopping, I didn't want ' to get all tired out. oO MR. ST. JAMES: On account of meeting that young man? _ Now, Mother. : MRS. ST. JAMES ¢: :Who did you. get a haireut for? 11-7644 - (Continued)
8) 28) dialog: 
9) 24) text: THE LOST WEEKEND” Be26 (Cont'd) (52) DON: : Youtre right, you're right. . ’ | There's. nothing I can” says There is a long second of silence, Wick looking at Dons . DON: Go ahead. Bawl me out, Wick, let me, have it, Why don't you take that bottle and smash it over my face. There is another pause. Wick speaks very quietly. WICK: It's a quarter of eight. I suppose they're : still in that hotel, waiting for you, | DON: Call her up, Wick, will you? Tell | her something. Tell her I'm sick. | Tell her Itm dead, . Wick has bent over Don and loosened his tie. . DON: Will you call her? WICK: Yes, I'll call her. . ' DON: She must have written them a lot of nice things about me. What a gentle« man Iam. A princes WICK: Which hotel is it? DON: The Manhattan, Mr. and Mrs, Charles St. James from Toledo, Ohio. Paying no attention to the sound of steps which has beeri coming from the staircase; Wick rises, puts the glass of whiskey on the table and is about to cross towards the te phone when the doorbell rings -- short, short, long; shor Wick freezes. Don sits up on the couch. They know that ri There is a helpless look in Don's eyes; WICK? (Whispering) Get up, Don. Don, clinging to Wickts arm, pulls himself up.. Wick push him through the doorway to the dark bedroom, closing the after him. The bell rings-again, that same ring: WICK: Just. a minute, Helen; He snaps on the lights in the living room, rolls the empt bottle under the couch; takes the glass of whiskey, puts behind the pile of records. As he is starting. towards th door, the bottle rolls from under the couch: Wick stops a rolls it back again, then goes inte the hall and opens th door.. Helen, in a great hurry, stands outside, nervousi
9) 82) dialog: ( B-39 (Cont'd)
9) 123) text: THE LOST WEEKEND 11. 15h44_ Bose That was three years ago; Nat. That's @ long time to keep fighting, to keep believing. They'd try.a health farm, a psychiatrist, a sanatorium in New Jersey. No go. She'd be patient. She'd be gay. She'd encourage him. Shetd buy .a new ribbon for his typewriter ~ a two-color job, black and red, Just write, Don. Keep writing. ~ That first paragraph came off. so well ss There was no second paragraph, There were drinks, . Drinks sneaked in secret, In the bathroom, here, in Harlem. Promises again, lies agains But she holds on. She knows. she's clutching a razor blade but she. wontt let go. Three years of its And what? How does it come out? I. don't know. Haven't. figured that fat, Want me to tell you? One day your guy | gets wise to himself and gets back that gun. Or, if he's only got a dollar ten, he goes up to the Empire State Building, way up on top, and then -- (he snaps his fingers) : | Or he can do it for a nickel, in a sub~ way under a train, : Think so, Nat? What if Helen is right, | after all, and he sits down and turns out ; something good =- but good =- and that pulls him up and snaps him out of 1%? This guy? Not from where I sit. Shut. up; Nat. Itm going to-do it, Itm going to do it now, It's all theres You heard it. ok Yes, Mr, Birnam, That's. why I didntt go.on that weekend, see, so I can be alone up there and sit down eat my typewriter, This time Itm going to do it, Nat, Itm going to do it. By gosh, maybe you will, Thenk you, Nat, . {he's up on his feet) Am I all paid up? ee (Continued)
9) 127) text: B-40 (Cont'd) / NATH Yes, Mr, Birnam.
9) 128) text: DON: Goodbye, Nat, I'm going home, This : time I've-got it. I'm going to write. NAT: Good luck, Mr, Birnam.
9) 136) dialog: 
11) 70) text: It says five minutes of four, THE CAMERA PANS DOW. Nat is at the bar. He and two or three customers are listenin to race results on a little radio. Don drags himself in; drenched in sweat, bis breath as short and agonized as th of a dying man. He goes to the end of the bar closest the door, hoists the typewriter on it with a final awful effo leans his head on it. : DON: Nat -- Nat comes to him. NAT: What's the matter, Mr. ‘Birnam? DON s Let me have one, Nat. I'm dying. . Just one. NAT: I thought you were home writing that book. DON: - they're playing a trick on me. A dirty trick. Give me one, Nat. Itil pay you when. I can. Just don't let me die here. NAT: No: credit,.and you know it. . t DON: All right, so it's charity. I'm beg- ging you for one. Give me one. NAT: Yeah, one. - - . : (Pouring a drink) : Onets too many and a hundred's not enough. He shoves the drink at Don. Don is shaking so that he eantt pick up ‘the glass. He bends down, sucks half of it, then lifts the glass, drain the rest. He holds out the empty glass to Nat, his eyes imploring. ’ NAT: That's all. DON: Come on, Nat, come:on.. Itll let you have my typewriter.
11) 88) text: {(Gont!d) DON: Gloria = GLORIA: . Save your saliva. I've had enough of you. Def, but def, What do you think iam? I break a business date, I buy an evening purse, a facial, a new hair-do. Well, maybe you can do that to your ritzy friends, You can't to me, understand? DON: Bloria. GLORIA: Okay, what do you want, Mr. Don Birn: Esquire? : DON: I néed some money. GLORIA: You: what? < DON: Could you let me have some money? GLORIA: Say, you out of your mind? Don't be ridic. Get out of here, Make with those stairs, Go on§ She starts back into the apartment, but Don gets her by. hand, pulls her towards him and kisses her, At first she resists, then her hand creeps up to the back of his necky clutches it hungrily. GLORIA: I was waiting half the night, like it was the first date I ever had, And the other half Iwas crying. (She looks at him) How much money? DON: Could you let me have ten or five, or something? GLORIA’ Itll see. She slips into the apartment, leaving the door about thre inches ajar. Don leans against the door jamb, breathing heavily. After a couple of seconds Gloria reappears with a wallet. She takes five dollars out, gives it-to him. Don takes it with a shaking hand, GLORIA: (noticing) You. look ewfut sick, honeys You got a fever or something? She brushes his forehead with the back of her hand, DON: I'm all right now. 221444 (Continued)
11) 116) text: They start downstairs, Mrs. Deveridge talking as they : descend, . . MRS. DEVERIDGE: I could have kicked him out fifty, times, . . The last when two taxi drivers dumped him | ‘ into the entrance hall, out cold on the floor, with all my tenants going in and out, and children leaving for schoole HELEN: Oh please, please} MRS. DEVERIDGE: Well, I didn't put him out, not as long as his brother could pay the rent. You couldn't help. liking him anyway. He was 80 good-looking, he had such nice manners, He always. had a little jokes. HELEN: Stop talking about him as if he were dead. MRS, DEVERIDGE: Did I? I didn't mean to. Hope it wasntt bad luck,
12) 0) text: Don, holding the bottle under his blue coat, slips quietl past Mrs. Wertheim's laundry and into the entranceway. He 12-6044 : (Continued) Lu
12) 14) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Del4 (Conttd) (90) The bat has made another swoop and spread its wings over mouse.’ Beneath those black wings some hideous pygmy stru is going on. Apparently the bat has seized the mouse in i claws. Don gives a ery of horror, Now from behind the struggling wings comés a spurt of blo Don cries out so hard his throat seems to burst apart, bu his horrified eyes in the back of his chairs From downstairs comes the barking of Mrs. Deveridge's dog
12) 96) dialog: E-6 (Cont'a)
12) 113) dialog: 
12) 117) text: : MR THE LOST WEEKEND Bo? a — - (100) B-6 (Cont'd) | Don picks up the gun,
12) 124) text: (Contd) DON: Talent! Ambition! ‘That's way back somewhere, . HELEN: Itts not,” It's shead, You can write _ now. You can finish something, I promise you. He can't whisper to you any more. He can't interfere. Hets dead, DON: Stop trying to stall me, Helen. It's too late, Itve lost the will to write.» It's all gone. What do you expect, a miracle? _ . HELEN: Yes, yes, yes. If I could only make You «- . The doorbell rings, DON: Who is it? NATtS VOICE: Itts me, Mr, Birnam, . DON: What is it, Nat? . NAT: I got something for you. Don goes to the door and opens it, Nat stands outside holding something under his wet raincoat, NAT: You know when you had your accident? Well, afterwards I found this float- ing around on the Nile. He pulls out Don's typewriter. DON: Thank you, Nat, NAT: She writes real good, I ofled her up a little, And I didn't oLl her up 80 you can hock her. Helen comes up. HELEN: Itli take it, Nat, NAT: Hello, Miss. — Helen takes the typewriter, carries it toward the desk, NAT: Goodbye, everybody. (Disereetly, to Don) ‘How's all them lilacs in Ohio? 12n26—44 (Continued)