8) 0) text: It is filled with the routine activity of a big commercia hotel on a hot summer day, Don Birnam, in a light summer suit, paces up and down the lobby. Under his arm is a florist!s box. He keeps eyeing the doors to the elevators, He walks. toward one of those circular plush settees common to hotels, sits down, puts flower box next to him and adjusts: the kmot of his tie, eye still on the elevator doors. On the other side of the settee are a middle-aged couple. Don can't see them, they cantt see him, as he overhears t conversation, and it tekes him a little time to realize t they are Helen's parents, MR. ST, JAMES is wearing a linen sult and a good but yell ing panama hat, the brim turned up. MRS. ST. JAMES is a cheerful little woman with glasses pinned to her dress, t kind that pull. “Mr. St. James is fuming a little, MR. ST. JAMES: Just walked in for a simple haircut. No, that wasn't enough, not for New York. They gave me a shampoo, a scalp massage, a manicure. Thought they'd - tear my shoes off and paint my toenails, Mrs. St. James laughs comfortably. MRS. ST. JAMES: I had-a lovely morning. Just did a little window shopping, I didn't want ' to get all tired out. oO MR. ST. JAMES: On account of meeting that young man? _ Now, Mother. : MRS. ST. JAMES ¢: :Who did you. get a haireut for? 11-7644 - (Continued)
8) 6) dialog: MR. ST. JAMES: ©
8) 7) dialog: 
8) 17) dialog: 
8) 21) dialog: 
8) 23) dialog: Don cantt take Maybe he has a people do, you little money. know, Father, He leans his head against the back of the settee, Some He ought to have a job anyway. He's a writer. A writer? What does he write? I never heard of his name, Now Father, relax. the worst. You always expect Itve made up my mind hets a@ well-brought-up young man who wipes | his feet before he enters a house and doesn't even smoke. "I hope he realizes Helen's our only daughter and we ought to know a few _ things about him, Thoset1l all come out -- his background, his prospects, his church affiliations. any more of this. box, rises and moves away from the séttee. He picks up the floristis When he has reached the security of some potted paims, he looks back. Through one of the revolving doors comes Helen, in a new spring suit. She looks around, sees her parents, goes’ up to There is a greéting, some conversation apparently about She ‘sits on the settee between her parents, all three of them waiting Don, 11-7644