0) 150) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Ani? (Conttd) NAT: ‘(Wiping his hands) Look, Mr. Birnam -- DON: If that is your attitude, Nat, I shall have to drown my sorrows in a; jigger of rye. Just one, that's ally NAT: Can't be done, Mr. Birnamé DON: Can't? Let me guess why. My brother was here, undermining my financial structure. NAT: I didn't tell him nothing about the wrist watch you left here, or your cuff links. DON: Thank you, Nat. Today, you'll be glad to know, we can barter. on. a cash basis. He takes the bills and change from his pocket, puts it on the bar. NAT (Reaching for the bottle and the jigger) One straight rye. DON: That was the idea. Nat pours the drink, then returns to squeezing lemons, Do picks. up the glass, is suddenly acutely aware of the peo at the table, of Nat's eyes. The glass freezes halfway to his mouth. He puts it down-and starts playing the. noncha i” lant, casual drinker -- the man who can take it or lea He fingers the glass, turning 1t round and round. He take a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and shakes one out, lights it. As he puts the match in the ashtray, his eyes fall on that jigger of whiskey. It's hard to resist it an longer. He takes a handkerchief from his pocket, wipes hi forehead, then his parched mouth. The time has come noWs He puts the handkerchief back in his pocket, lifts the glass and drains it in one gulp. Actually, Don doesn't like the taste of liquor, actively hates it indeed, as a- one-legged man might hate the sight of his crutches but need. them in order to walk. Now that he has the drink in him, a kind of relieved grin comes back to Don's face. He holds the empty jigger in hi hand. Nat has come up’ with the bar towel to wipe off the wet ring left by the glass, 10-24—44 (Continued)
0) 153) text: THE LOST WEEKEND . AvL8 (Cont'd) DON: Dontt wipe it away, Nat, Let me have my little vicious circle. The circle is the perfect geometric figure. No end, no beginning wi» What time is it? . NAT? Quarter of four. DON: Good, That gives us the whole after- noon together, . (He holds out his glass for another drink) Only tell me when it's a quarter of six. Very important. We're. going to the country for a weekend, my brother and I. From the ‘table in the background comes Gloria, headed fo the powder room. Passing Don, she runs her finger through the neckline of his hair. GLORIA: Hello, Mr. Birnam. Glad to have you back with the organization, DON: Hello, Gloria. She goes on. Don turns back to Nat. DON: Not just a Saturday-Sunday weekends A&A very long weekend. I wish I could take you along, Nat. You -- (With.a gesture towards the liquor shelves) and all that goes with yous Without a change of expression, Nat pours the second drin DON: Not that I'm cutting myself off from civilization altogether, He points at the bag with the apples showing. Nat looks, but doesn't get it. Like a magician, Don takes two apples out, revealing the necks of the bottles, DON: . (Gulping down the whiskey) Now of course there arises the problem of transportation into the country. How to smuggle these two time bombs past the royal guard. I shall tell you how, Nat, because I'm so fond of you. Only give me another drink. Nat pours one, 10-24244 (Continued)
0) 158) text: DON: I'm going to roll one bottle in a copy of the Saturday Evening Post, so my brother can discover it like that. . .{He snaps his fingers) And I want him-to.discover it, be= cause that'll set his mind at rest. The other bottle -- : (Confidentially to Nat) Come here, Nat leans over the bar towards - DON: That one I'm tucking into my dear brother's suitcase. Hetll transport. _ it himself, without knowing it, of course, While he's greeting the care-+ taker, I'll slide it out and hide it in a hollow of the old apple tree. NAT: Aw, Mr. Birnam, why don't you lay off the stuff for a while. DON: I-may never’ touch it while I'm there, Not a drop. What you don't understand, all of you, is that I've got to know it's around. That I can have it if I need it. I can't be cut off completely. That's the devil. That's what drives you crazy. NAT: Yeah. I know a lot of guys like that. They take a bottle and put it. on the shelf, All they want is just to look at it. They won't even carry a cork- screw along, just to be sure. Only all of a sudden they grab the bottle and bite off the neck. DON: : Nat, one more reproving word and I shall consult our lawyer about a divorce. He points to the empty glass for Nat to fill it. Nat pour another jigger. . DON: Quarter of six. Don't forget. My brother must find me at home, ready and packed, Gloria is back from the powder room. On her way to her gentleman friend at the table, she runs her finger throug the neckline of Don's hair, She is almost past him when h eatches her hand and pulls her towards hin, . 10424444 (Continued)
0) 178) text: Shall we dance? Youtre awfully pretty, Mr. Birnam. You say that to all the boys. Why, natch. Only with you it's on the level. . Is it? Whatever became of your manicurist job? I've still got it. only I find IT can't work more than four hours a day, three days a week. It's too tough on your eyes, all those little hangnails. Sit down. No thanks. Thanks a lot, but no thanks. There's somebody. waiting. © toward the table. Him? I bet he wears arch supporters. He's just an old friend of the folks. Lovely gentleman. Buys me dimpled Scotch. He should buy you Indian rubies, and a villa in Calcutta overlooking the Ganges. Don't be ridic. Gloria, please, why imperil our friendship with these loathsome abbreviations. I could meke myself free for later on if you want. I'm leaving for the weekend, Gloria. , Maybe another. time. ; Any time.. ‘And as she leans over, she runs her forefinger again through the neckline of his hair. :
0) 181) dialog: 
0) 183) text: (Bo Nat) Nat, weave me another. You'd better take it easy. Don't worry about me. Just let me know when it's a quarter of six. ( Continued)
0) 186) text: THE LOST WEEKEND . 10-30-44 A-2h_ A=25 (Cont'd) NAT: Okay. OC _ He pours. ; DON: And haye one yourself, Nat. NAT. Not me, Mr, Birnam. DON: I often wonder what the barman puys, one~ half so precious as the stuff he sells. Nat has poured the drink. Don points at it. DON: Come on; Nat. One little jigger of | - dreams. NAT: Nope. DON: You don't approve of drinking? NAT: “Not the way you drink. DON: It. shrinks my liver, doesn't it, Nat? It pickles my kidneys. Yes. But what ! does it do to my mind? It tosses the sandbags overboard so the.balloon can ; soar. Suddenly I'm above the ordinary. a I'm competent, supremely competent. : I'm walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls. I'm one of the great ones.” I'm Michelangelo moulding the beard of Moses. I'm Van Gogh, painting pure sunlight. I'm Horowitz playing the Emperor Concerto. I'm John Barrymore before the movies got him by the throat. I'm a holdup man -+ I'm Jesse James and his two brothers, all three of them. I'm W. Shakespeare. And © out there it's not Third Avenue any. . longer. It's the Nile. The Nile, Nat, and down it moves the barge of Cleopatra. Listen: . Purple-the sails, and so perfumed that The winds were love-sick with them; ~. the oars were silver, Les Which to the tune*of flutes kept stroke, and made we The water which they beat to follow . faster; .- ae As amorous of their strokes. For her . ‘ own person, t It beggartd all deseription. (continued)
2) 0) text: Helen is moving away from the window. Wick stands before his suitcase, which is open and all packed save for slipp and bathrobe, which he is rolling together. HELEN: Do you. suppose hets at Morandi's, or Nat's bar, or that place on Forty-second Street? WICK: What difference does it make? HELEN: Youtre not really going, Wick. WICK: I certainly am. He puts the robe with the slippers inside it into the cas HELEN: You cantt leave him alone, Not for four days. Wick slams shut the suitcase, snaps the lock. HELEN: Wick, for heavents sake, if hets left alone anything can happen! I'll be tied up at the office every - minute, All Saturday. All Sunday. I can't look out for him. You know how he gets. Hetll be run.over by : a car, Hetll be arrested. He doesn't — know what he's doing. <A cigarette will fall out of his mouth and he'll burn in his bed «-- — WICK: Oh Helen, if it happens, it happens. And I hope it does.’ I've had six years of this, Ifve had my beliyful. HELEN: You can't mean that. , Wick takes his suitcase, goes into the living room, WICK: Yes, I do. It's terrible, I know, but I mean ity Helen follows him. 10-24044
2) 10) text: HELEN: For heaven's sake, Wick -- WICK: Who are we fooling? We've tried everything, haven't we? Welve reasoned with him, wetve babied him, We've watched him like a hawk. Wetve tried trusting him. How often have you eried? How often have I beaten him up? We scrape him out of the gutter and pump some kind of self-respect into him, and back he falls, back in, every time, HELEN: Hets a sick person. It's as though he had something wrong with his lungs or his heart. You wouldn't walk out on him because he had an attack, He needs our help. He hates us. He wants to be alone with that bottle of his. .It's the only thing he gives a hang about. Helen turns away from Wick, leans against the wail, hopin he won't see that she's crying. WICK: Why kid ourselves? ‘He's one of the : lost ones. (OR, ALTERNATE LINE: )
6) 15) text: i Bl a a e Ba4 (Cont'd) ; DON: (Quietly, though his nerves are cracking) Can't you hurry it up a little, Nat? Nat pours a jiggerful. NAT: Here you are, Mr. Birnam, DON: Thank you, Nat. Don chokes it down and holds out the jigger for another. Nat pours it. NAT: That young lady stopped in last night, looking. for you. DON: What young lady? NAT: The one with the leopard coat. DON: Yeah? | NAT: She was acting like she just happened | to drop in, but I know she was making i the rounds after you. DON: {Panicky) What did you say to her? NAT: I said you hadn't been in for two : weeks, DON: Good. I can't let her see me. Not’ now while I'm "off" like this, NAT: Then why in the name of --- Why don't you cut it short? . DON: Youtre talking like a child. You cantt : cut it short!. You're on that merry-go- round and youfve got to ride it all the way, round and. round, till the blasted music wears itself. out and the thing dies down and clunks to a stop, Nat. brings over the plate of ham and eggs. NAT: How about you eating this? DON: “fake it away. NAT: You got to eat something sometime, 11-444 , (Continued) Ov
6) 20) text: (Conttd) DON: Give me enother drink. NAT: Look, Mr, Birnam, this ig still morning. He pours another drink. Don downs it. DON: Thatts when you need it most, in the morning, Haven't you learned that, Nat? . At night this stuff's a drink. In the morning it's medicine. NAT: - Okay if I eat? DON: Move it a little to one side. Don taps with the jigger. Nat fills it, then sits down to his ham and eggs. DON: Nat, are you ever scared when you wake up? So soared the sweat starts out of you? No, not you. With you it's sim ple. Your alarm clock goes off. and you open your eyes and brush your teeth ' and read the Daily Mirror. Thatts all. i Do you ever lie in your bed looking at : the window? A little daylight's coming through, and you start wondering: is it getting lighter, is it getting. darker? Is it dawn or dusk? That's a _ terrifying problem, Nat. You hold your breath and you pray that it's dusk, so : you can go out and get yourself some more liquor. Because if itts dawn, youtre dead, The bars are closed and the liquor stores don't open till nine. You can't last till nine. Or it might be Sunday. That's the worst, : No liquor stores at all, and you guys wouldn't open a bar, not until one o'clock. Why? Why, Nat? NAT: Because we got to-go to church once in a while. That's why. DON: , Yes, when a guy needs it most. He drinks his jiggerful. NAT: How about those two quarts? Did you polish them off last night? ~ (Continued) aq
6) 23) text: THE LOST WEEKEND ~ Be: (34) . (Conttd) DON: What two quarts? NAT?° The two bottles you had... An electric current runs through Don... DON: Thatts right, I did have two bottles, didntt I? I hid one of them., Itve. still got it.. Itm a capitalist, Natt. I've got untapped reserves. Itm rich?!: He taps the glass on the bar... NAT: (Pouring another. drink) Mr..Birnam, if you had enough money. you'd kill yourself in ae month, From the street. enters Gloria, wearing a shirtwaist and skirt, another foolish little hat, and high-heeled shoes with bows.. / GLORIA s- Say, Nat, was there a gentleman -~. (She sees Don) Hello, Mr.. Birnam. Didn't you go away for-the weekend? DON: Apparently not, Gloria... GLORIA 3: (Back to. Nat) Was there a gentleman in here asking for me? NATs Not to my knowledge there wasn't. He is drinking his. coffee, GLORIA: He was supposed to come around twelve etclock,. He's from Albany. DON: Another friend of the folks? GLORIA: More a friend of a friend of the folka type. A fellow telephoned me about him, Wants me to show him the town. NAT: Like Grantts Tomb for instance? GLORIA: .But def. NAT? Amazing, aintt it, how many guys run down from Albany just to see Grant's Tomb, 114-44 (Continued) ©
6) 39) text: {Fe Don) Sometimes I wish you came from Albany. Where would you take me? Oh, lots of places. The Music Halt, and then the New Yorker Roof maybe. There is now being presented at a theatre on Forty-fourth Street the uneut version of Hamlet. I see us as setting out for that. Do you know Hamlet? I know Forty-fourth Street. Itd like to get your interpretation of Hamlet's character, And Itd like to give it to you. Dinner afterwards, I think. Nothing before. Always see Shakespeare on an empty stomach, Not. even a pretzel? head. But afterwards, dozens of bluepoints in the Rainbow Room. And a very light wine, Vouvray perhaps. Do you care for Vouvray? (Mystified) Why, natch, We may blindfold the orchestra so that I can dance with abandon, Arentt you going to dance with me? Of course, little Gloria, A man has entered the bar, a round-faced, middle-aged man with pince=nez,. his pocket.
6) 41) dialog: 11-4644 There is a Guide of New York sticking from He's the guy from Albany, all right. (Rather loud) Could I have a glass of water? Why, sure. And what shall it be for a chaser? (Continued) Oo
6) 45) dialog: 
6) 48) text: . -{Confidentially) aes Tell mez, this-ts Natta Bar, isn't 17 Itm looking for a young lady name a of Gloria, — . . With his thutb, Nat indicates Glonria.. ALBANY: . GLORIA’ «
6) 81) dialog: 
6) 83) dialog: 
6) 85) dialog: 
6) 87) dialog: 
6) 89) dialog: 
6) 91) dialog: 
6) 93) dialog: 
6) 96) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Belo res: - (38) Look, Mr, Birnam, there's a lot of bars on Third Avenue. Do me a favor -- get out of here and buy it someplace else. What's the matter? I. don't like you much, What was the idea of pulling her leg? You know you're never going to take her out. Who says I'm not? : Isay so. You're drunk and you're | just making with your mouth. | Give me a drink, Nat. And that other dame -- I mean the lady. I don't like what you're doing to her either. ' Shut up. : You should've seen her last night, coming in here looking for you, with her eyes all rainy and the mascara all washed away. ; Give me a drink! That's an awful high class young lady. . ' You bet she is. é How the heck did she ever get mixed up with a guy that sops it up like you do? . It's a problem, isn't it. That nice young man that drinks, and the high- class young lady, and how did she ever get mixed up with him, and why does he drink and why doesn't he stop. That's my novel, Nat. I wanted to start writing it out in the country. Morbid stuff. Nothing for the Book-of- the Month Club. A horror story. The confessions of a booze addict, the log book of an alcoholic. (Holding out the jigger) - Come on, Nat, break down. aan (Continued)
7) 115) text: (Contta) NAT: Yeah? Don drinks, NAT: Well, go on. DON: You see, that girl's been writing to her family in Toledo, They want to meet this young man. So they come to New York. They stay at the Hotel Manhattan, Their very first day, she's to introduce him to her parents. One o'clock. ~ Lobby of the hotel...
9) 112) dialog: 
9) 114) dialog: 
9) 116) dialog: Don jumps up.
9) 118) dialog: 
9) 120) dialog: 
9) 123) text: THE LOST WEEKEND 11. 15h44_ Bose That was three years ago; Nat. That's @ long time to keep fighting, to keep believing. They'd try.a health farm, a psychiatrist, a sanatorium in New Jersey. No go. She'd be patient. She'd be gay. She'd encourage him. Shetd buy .a new ribbon for his typewriter ~ a two-color job, black and red, Just write, Don. Keep writing. ~ That first paragraph came off. so well ss There was no second paragraph, There were drinks, . Drinks sneaked in secret, In the bathroom, here, in Harlem. Promises again, lies agains But she holds on. She knows. she's clutching a razor blade but she. wontt let go. Three years of its And what? How does it come out? I. don't know. Haven't. figured that fat, Want me to tell you? One day your guy | gets wise to himself and gets back that gun. Or, if he's only got a dollar ten, he goes up to the Empire State Building, way up on top, and then -- (he snaps his fingers) : | Or he can do it for a nickel, in a sub~ way under a train, : Think so, Nat? What if Helen is right, | after all, and he sits down and turns out ; something good =- but good =- and that pulls him up and snaps him out of 1%? This guy? Not from where I sit. Shut. up; Nat. Itm going to-do it, Itm going to do it now, It's all theres You heard it. ok Yes, Mr, Birnam, That's. why I didntt go.on that weekend, see, so I can be alone up there and sit down eat my typewriter, This time Itm going to do it, Nat, Itm going to do it. By gosh, maybe you will, Thenk you, Nat, . {he's up on his feet) Am I all paid up? ee (Continued)
9) 127) text: B-40 (Cont'd) / NATH Yes, Mr, Birnam.
9) 128) text: DON: Goodbye, Nat, I'm going home, This : time I've-got it. I'm going to write. NAT: Good luck, Mr, Birnam.
11) 0) text: It's a two-wash-basin affair, with a colored attendant. w as Don enters, is brushing a customer. . ATTENDANT: How's about a carnation, sir? CUSTOMER: What for? - ATTENDANT : (Chuckling) For your buttonhole, sir. CUSTOMER: Okay. LLa 7944 7 (Continued)
11) 4) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Bed (Cont'd) (64) On the shelf above the washstand between talcum powder,na files and brushes, there stands a tumbler with carnations The attendant takes one, puts it into the customer's lape The customer tips him and walks out. Don is left alone with the attendant, who points to the other bowl, runs fresh water in it. ATTENDANT: Right here, sir. | Don steps to the wash bowl, His brain is functioning per~ fectlye : DON: . “ Wipe my shoes, will you? ATTENDANT: Yes, sire As Don picks up the cake of soap, he watches the attendan get a polishing rag and bend down to dust off his shoes Now Don doesn't lose a split second. He plays his cards like a master, He puts down the cake of soap, pulls out the bag, opens it. There, between a compact, lipstick and keyes, are some billse He fishes out a ten-dollar bill, thrusts it in his pocket. and is about to close the purse when he sees the carnations. He can't help smiling at the idea which flashes into his mind. He takes one of the . exrnations, nuts it into the purse, closes the purse and thrusts it back uncer his coat. Just as the attendant straightens up, Don puts both hands into the water. ‘The attendant holds out a towel, Don wipes his hands. ATTENDANT: Howts about a carnation? DON: (Raffles by now) I took ones ATTENDANT: You did, sir? He looks at Don's lapel, mystified. DON: Yes, for a very kind ladye Don tips the attendant with a fifty-cent plecee. The attendant doesn't get the joke but chuckles automatically and opens the door into the bar,
11) 12) text: (Cont'd) WAITER: That's him. That's the mane HEADWATTER: You were sitting here, sir? DON: I beg your pardon, He doesn't play 1t very well now. MeMets escort is - right at him, grabbing him by the coat. M.M.'S ESCORT: You took this lady's bag, didntcha? Come on, give it back. DON: (With very little hesi- tation and a wan smile) Of. courses He takes. the bag out from under his coat and hands it to the lady. . “M.M'S ESCORT: Somebody call a cop. , | MoM: No, George, noe It doesn't matter as long eas I have the bag. M.M.'S ESCORT: Well, look in ita Maybe he's taken some thing, DON: Ten dollars, to be exact. | Don holds out the bill. Mollet escort snatches it from i his hande . M.M.'S ESCORT: I ought to kick your teeth in. M.Me: George, George! Hets drunk. HEADWALTER: (Grabbing Don) Get out of heres WAITER: How about the check? DON: Exactly. That's why I had to borrow. from the lady. I didn't have enough. He fishes what money he has left from his pocket. The walter snaps it up. DON: I'11 come back and pay the rest. HEADWAITER: Don't you show your face here again ever. (Shouting towards the entrance door) 11+7-44 (Continued)
11) 70) text: It says five minutes of four, THE CAMERA PANS DOW. Nat is at the bar. He and two or three customers are listenin to race results on a little radio. Don drags himself in; drenched in sweat, bis breath as short and agonized as th of a dying man. He goes to the end of the bar closest the door, hoists the typewriter on it with a final awful effo leans his head on it. : DON: Nat -- Nat comes to him. NAT: What's the matter, Mr. ‘Birnam? DON s Let me have one, Nat. I'm dying. . Just one. NAT: I thought you were home writing that book. DON: - they're playing a trick on me. A dirty trick. Give me one, Nat. Itil pay you when. I can. Just don't let me die here. NAT: No: credit,.and you know it. . t DON: All right, so it's charity. I'm beg- ging you for one. Give me one. NAT: Yeah, one. - - . : (Pouring a drink) : Onets too many and a hundred's not enough. He shoves the drink at Don. Don is shaking so that he eantt pick up ‘the glass. He bends down, sucks half of it, then lifts the glass, drain the rest. He holds out the empty glass to Nat, his eyes imploring. ’ NAT: That's all. DON: Come on, Nat, come:on.. Itll let you have my typewriter.
11) 71) dialog: (Continued).
11) 78) text: (Cont'd) NAT: I'm no writer. You're the writer. Now go. Go away. DON 3. Nat -- NAT: Imean it. Get out. Don takes the typewriter, drags himself out of Nat's plac
11) 92) text: He takes her hand and kisses ith Gloria looks at him, the at her hand. GLORIA: Thank you alot. You do really like me a little, don't you, honey? DON: Why, natch, Gloria. Nateh. He bends, picks up the typewriter and starts downstairs Gloria looks after him. From inside the apartment comes:
12) 42) text: = HSS SEED Del? (contt a) (98) They are beside the Light switch Helen snaps ib on, DON: . Nos: Helen; not : HELEN? Whatts the matter, Don? DON! The walls Donit look: HELEN: What wali? Don gestures toward thé spot where the bat and the mouse were. DON: : The mouse and the bat. | HELEN: “What mouse? What bat? DON: .. That-hole in the wall -- HELEN: There igntt any hole in the wall, Look, She. leads Don toward it, He stares at the smooth, un- stained wall, HELEN: See? Don runs his hand over the wall. HELEN? You had-some kind of a nightmare. She leads hin into the bedroom, talking as they. B06 EELEN: Stop shaking, Don. Everything will be. alt right. Itll stay right with you. She seats him on the beds ‘Don is panting hard, comletely oblivious of the fact that Helen is in the room, DON: Little animals. It's always libble ne animals, That's what Bim said. HEIEN: _  ---Youfre not making much sense. She turns on the bed lamp. DON: And do you. know what Nat said about the ending? Ilke this: : {He snaps his fingers . vertically) Or like that. - {Be a them . guteliy) He goes s omirepesting the gestare; growing Gespaly in hi eyes. " FADE OUT. Sedat - BRD. OR-sRQURNOR: M'p- 1o~6m44
12) 124) text: (Contd) DON: Talent! Ambition! ‘That's way back somewhere, . HELEN: Itts not,” It's shead, You can write _ now. You can finish something, I promise you. He can't whisper to you any more. He can't interfere. Hets dead, DON: Stop trying to stall me, Helen. It's too late, Itve lost the will to write.» It's all gone. What do you expect, a miracle? _ . HELEN: Yes, yes, yes. If I could only make You «- . The doorbell rings, DON: Who is it? NATtS VOICE: Itts me, Mr, Birnam, . DON: What is it, Nat? . NAT: I got something for you. Don goes to the door and opens it, Nat stands outside holding something under his wet raincoat, NAT: You know when you had your accident? Well, afterwards I found this float- ing around on the Nile. He pulls out Don's typewriter. DON: Thank you, Nat, NAT: She writes real good, I ofled her up a little, And I didn't oLl her up 80 you can hock her. Helen comes up. HELEN: Itli take it, Nat, NAT: Hello, Miss. — Helen takes the typewriter, carries it toward the desk, NAT: Goodbye, everybody. (Disereetly, to Don) ‘How's all them lilacs in Ohio? 12n26—44 (Continued)