0) 5) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Aeg® (Cont'd) To get back to the bedroom and the Birnam brothers: a sma suitcase lies open on each bed, DON, the brother nearest the window, is bent over one, putting in socks, shirts, e He is thirty-three, an extremely attractive guy, but ten pounds underweight, and in his eye there is something reb iious, something sly. WICK, two years younger, is much sturdier, kindly, sympa- thetic, solid gold. He wears glasses and is smoking.a cigarette, He:is on his way from the closet to his suit- case with some stuff. He throws a sweater across to Don. WICK: Better take this along, Don. Itts going to be cold on the farm. DON: Okay. WICK: How many shirts are you. taking? DON: Three. WICK: I'm taking five. DON: Five? WICK: I told them at the office I might not be back till Tuesday. Wetll get there this afternoon, Thattll give us all Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. We'll make it a long weekend, DON: Sounds long, all right. WICK: Ittll do you good, Don, after what you've been through. | Don has crossed to the chest of drawers and fished out mo shirts and socks, WICK: Trees and grass and sweet cider and buttermilk and water from that well that's colder than any other water. DON: Wick, please, why this emphasis on liquids? Noble, upstanding, nauseat- ing liquids, WICK: Sorry, Don, ° DON, his back toward Wick, is bent over the suitcase, pac ing. His eyes travel to the window, DON: Think it would be a good idea if we took my typewriter? 10-23-44 (Continued)
0) 9) text: Wo An? THE LOST WEEKEND And (cont fa) WICK: What for? DON: (indignentiy)- fo.write, To write there, I'm going to get started on my novel, WICK: You really feel up to writing? DON: Why not? WICK: I mean, after what you've been through. DON: I haventt touched the stuff for ten days now, - WICK: I. know you haven't, Where's the portable? DON: In the living room closet, kind of towards the back, Bent forward tensely, he watches Wick go into the living room... Left alone, he acts with lightning rapidity, He - takes the sweater, goes over to the window, pulls up the whiskey bottle, wraps the sweater around it so that only the top with the string around it shows. He tries to joosen the. noose but he's nervous and loses a precious second, From the living room has been coming the sound of Wick op ing the closet door and ransacking, Now comes¢ WICK!S - You sure it's in the closet? I VOICE: can't find it. DON? (Working desperately) Look by the big chair, WICK!S (Approaching fast) VOICE: Isn't it under your -bed? ‘Don sees he can't loosen the string in time. In the last fraction of a second before Wick enters, he manages-to lower the bottle back down the wall, With what nonchalanc he can muster he bends down and looks under. the bed just Wick enters, a sheaf of white paper in his hand, . DON: Of course. Here it-is, He pulls out a Remington portable, ‘1930 model. WICK: Here's some paper. He puts it in Donts suitease. 1025-44 _ (Continued)
0) 13) text: RV THE LOST WEEKEND _ And An2 (Conttd) ‘ WICK: Wetll fix a table-on the south . porch, : Nobody to disturb you -- I'll see to it, Except maybe Saturday night we'll go over to the Country Club... - DON: It not going near that Country Club. WICK: Why not? » DON: Because they're a bunch of hypocrites and I don't like to be whispered about: Look who's here from New York, - The Birnam brothers ---or rather the nurse and the invalid, WICK: Stop that, Don. .Nobody there knows about you, .- DON: No? We get off the train and the alarm is sounded: .The leper is back,.. Better hide your liquor. Footsteps have been racing up the stairs outside the flat and now there is a distinctive ring of ‘the doorbell: ‘sh short, long, short. - DON: Helen. « WICK: Itll take it, He goes toward the door while the bell resumes short, sho long, short. From the bedroom we see him open the door, .Itts HELEN, a right. .She is a clean-cut, good looking girl of twenty-s Her face is brave, gay piquant, . She's wearing a three- quarter-length leopard coat. . The Indian Summer day is a good ten degrees too warm for the coat, but that doesn't stop Helen from wearing her beloved, In her hand are ‘two books wrapped, and another small package...She enters breathlessly. . . . HELEN: - Hello, Wick, Where's Don? ~ Seeing him,.she crosses to the bedroom. . HELEN: - Glad I made it. .I was afraid you might be gone,- Presents,.- . She puts the packages in the suitcase, HELEN: The new Thurber book, with comical jokes and pictures, and a quiet little double 10923044 murder. by Agatha..Christie, (Continued) ’
0) 33) dialog: 
0) 41) dialog: 
0) 43) dialog: 
0) 47) dialog: 
0) 51) dialog: 
0) 53) dialog: Dom?
0) 54) dialog: QuBS~44 As. for instance. Who says we have to take the two- forty-five train? We could go on the six-thirty. . Whet are you talking about? I just ‘thought we could take a later train and Helen wouldn't have to go alone. to the concerts She's got two tickets, hasn't sha? No. Itm not upsetting any. plans. You're going on that two-forty=five. But Helen, it's so silly! A whale of a concert and an empty seat next yous No, Don. Everything's all sete They'll be at the station to meet use Dinner'll be waiting. So what?. We put in a call that we're taking the late trein, have supper at nine o'clock, be in bed by ten. Nothing doing. We're going. Wick's right. And don't worry about that empty seat. I'11 find myself @ very handsome South American million= aires There. Did you hear her? And now we'd have to break our necks to catch the train anyway. “(Looking at her wrist watch) “Two-twentys Ses? “+ (Giving up) All right. Go: saheade Wait a inute. IM not going’ Then what “are we talking about? I want you. to gos You and Helens Me and Helen? (Continued)
0) 61) text: {Gontta} : DON: Yes, That was the idea, Who likes Brabms, you or I? . so WICK: Sinee when. dont you like Brahms? DON: T!1z stay right here and finish : packing, Take a little nap mays « WICK: Nonsense. If anybody goes «.. Helen's your girl. - phere is en exchange of suspicious locks between Wiok and elene iF ° : HELEN: There's something in that, Done ) WICKS. What's more, I don't think you should | os pe left alonds DON: I shouldn't? | WLCKs "Noe _ | HELEN: Really, Done } DON: Why? I can't be trusted, Is that 16? WICcKs What T meant to say ~7. ty | HELEN: Wick. / | WICKS; After what Don's been through +- DONE, After what I've. been through, I couldn!t go to'a concert. I couldn't face the crowd. I couldn't sit through it with all those people around... I; want to be alone for a couple of hours, and : kind of assemble myself, Is ‘that’ su an extraordinary thing to want? : otis
0) 63) text: WICKs, Don't act so outraged, would you ‘mina? DON:. All pight, — Anything else? HELEN: Please, bors. Wick, . who has been sucking a cigarette throughout the s throws it out the window. None of the three see, but. wo do, that it doesn't fall out the window but ricochets . against the opened casement to “the” window’ silly ‘where iies smouldering. : WICKS ° . Some on, Helen. On25-44 — ae (Continued)
0) 69) text: THE LOS WEEKEND AnB (Conttd) HELEN You'll stay right here, won?t you? DONS Where would I go? HELEN $ Then you'll be -here when we come back? DON: I told you I'm not leaving this apartments, WICKs ' You!ve told us a good many things, Dong Furious, Don takes a bunch of keys from his pockets BON: All right, if you don't believe me, oO why don't you take my key and lock me in like a dogs HELEN 3 (To Wick) “ . We've got to trust Don. That's the only. waye WICK s, Sorry, Done : (To Helen) Here we g0e HELEN: So long, Dona, DON. So longe. HELEN s, {Pulling him by the lapel) Bend downs, His face is now close to herss, She kisses hime Wick turn awaye. His eyes fall on the cigarette still smouldering ‘ the sill. He goes toward the windows. Don, held by Helen, watches him tensely,. Wick flips the cigarette into the garden and is about to turn back into’ the room when his eyes fall on the cleat and the strings: He leans from the windows, Don lets Helen go, staring at Wick, panic in his eyes»: Helen, sensing something amiss, looks from. one- brother the others, WICK: (Hauling up. the bottle) “ What's this, Don?_. . Helen and Wiek watch Don.. Don's face.relaxes. into an in cent grins (continued)
0) 81) text: THE LOST WEEKEND’ Aue Ang’ (Gontiay DON: Theat? That's whiskey, isn't 1? WICK: How did it get there? DON: <> I don't kmow. WICK: I.suppose it dropped from some cloud. Or someone was bouncing it against this.wall and it got stuck. DON: . I-must have put it there. WICK: Yes, you must.. . : DON: Only I don't yemember when. Probably
0) 82) text: during my last spell, or maybe the one before. .: His.eyes meet Helen's. Hers are infinitely distressed: BON’ Don't look at.me like that,. Helen. | : Doesn't mean a thing. I didn't .lmow it was there. And if I had, I wouldn't have touched it: Wick has twisted the string off the bottle: , WICK: Then you won't mind. DON? Won't mind what? Wick, the bottle “in his hand, goes through the living ro toward the kitchenette. Don looks after him, then follows him) a stubborn smile on his lips. Helen trails after them, acutely embarrassed. .
0) 86) text: THE LOST WEEKEND An1O (Conttd) HELEN: Letts go. . . Wick shrugs and goes to the hall for his hate HELEN: (To Don) Be good, won't you, Don, darling? She turns to go, but Don holds her batks DON: Of course, Helene Just stop watch- ing me all the time, you twos Let me work it out my way. I'm trying, Itm trying. . HELEN: We're both trying, Don. You're trying not to drink, and I'm try- ing not to love yous She kisses him on the mouth, a woman hopelessly in loves Then, so that he won't see her moist eyes, she turns and hurries into the entrance hall. :
0) 93) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Awl (Contid) . WICK: Hetil be all right. HELEN: What if he goes out and buys another bottle? WICK: With what? He hasn't a nickel. There isn't a store, there isn't a bar that'd give him five cents! worth of credits They descend a few stepse HELEN: Are you sure he hasntt another bottle . hidden. somewhere? WICK: Not any more, he hasn't. I went through the apartment with a fines toothed comb. The places he can figure out! They. go on down the stairs.’
2) 0) text: Helen is moving away from the window. Wick stands before his suitcase, which is open and all packed save for slipp and bathrobe, which he is rolling together. HELEN: Do you. suppose hets at Morandi's, or Nat's bar, or that place on Forty-second Street? WICK: What difference does it make? HELEN: Youtre not really going, Wick. WICK: I certainly am. He puts the robe with the slippers inside it into the cas HELEN: You cantt leave him alone, Not for four days. Wick slams shut the suitcase, snaps the lock. HELEN: Wick, for heavents sake, if hets left alone anything can happen! I'll be tied up at the office every - minute, All Saturday. All Sunday. I can't look out for him. You know how he gets. Hetll be run.over by : a car, Hetll be arrested. He doesn't — know what he's doing. <A cigarette will fall out of his mouth and he'll burn in his bed «-- — WICK: Oh Helen, if it happens, it happens. And I hope it does.’ I've had six years of this, Ifve had my beliyful. HELEN: You can't mean that. , Wick takes his suitcase, goes into the living room, WICK: Yes, I do. It's terrible, I know, but I mean ity Helen follows him. 10-24044
2) 3) text: WICK: He won't accept our help. Not Don.
2) 10) text: HELEN: For heaven's sake, Wick -- WICK: Who are we fooling? We've tried everything, haven't we? Welve reasoned with him, wetve babied him, We've watched him like a hawk. Wetve tried trusting him. How often have you eried? How often have I beaten him up? We scrape him out of the gutter and pump some kind of self-respect into him, and back he falls, back in, every time, HELEN: Hets a sick person. It's as though he had something wrong with his lungs or his heart. You wouldn't walk out on him because he had an attack, He needs our help. He hates us. He wants to be alone with that bottle of his. .It's the only thing he gives a hang about. Helen turns away from Wick, leans against the wail, hopin he won't see that she's crying. WICK: Why kid ourselves? ‘He's one of the : lost ones. (OR, ALTERNATE LINE: )
2) 11) text: Why kid ourselves? He's a hopeless alcoholic, Wick leans into the bedroom, snaps off the light. He pick up. the suitcase, puts the topcoat over his arm, takes he very gently by the arm WICK: Come, Helen. He leads her towards the entrance door.
3) 0) text: Wick and Helen have come out. Wick is hailing a taxis WICK: Taxit Taxii (To Helen) Itll give you a lift as far as Grand Central. HELEN: No. thanks, Wick, I'm going to wait here. WICK: Youtre crazy. HELEN: Because I wontt. give up? Maybe ITsam. A taxi drives up. WICK: Oh Helen, give yourself a chance, Let go of him, HELEN: Goodbye, Wick, Wick opens the door of the taxi.
9) 16) text: {Contta) / WICK: Don? He snaps on the light, sees Don on the couch, drunk, Don doesn't move an inch, only his eyes close, DON: Turn off that light. WICK: For heaven's sake, Don. DON: . Turn it off} Wick snaps off the light, From now on the scene plays in dimness, save for the shaft of light from the entrance ha Wick throws. the briefcase into a chair. WICK: I thought you were with Helen and her father and mother. No answer, WICK: What happened? Still no answer. Wick goes and sits beside Don, takes the glass from his hand. WICK: (Gently) Come on, Don, - DON: , I couldn't face it, WICK: You couldn't face what? Didn't you go to see them? DON: Certainly I went. One o'clock sharp. And I saw them, all right. Only they didn't see mes WICK: How was. that? _ DON: Such nice, respectable people. I couldn't face them, Wick, and all the questions they'd ask me. I couldn't face them. Not cold. I had'to have a drink first, Just one. Only the one didn't do anything to me, WICK: So you had another and another. You . poor idiot, Don. Won't you ever learn with you it's like stepping off a roof and expecting to fall just one floor? Don puts his arm-over his face. 11-7044 . ] (Continued) -
9) 24) text: THE LOST WEEKEND” Be26 (Cont'd) (52) DON: : Youtre right, you're right. . ’ | There's. nothing I can” says There is a long second of silence, Wick looking at Dons . DON: Go ahead. Bawl me out, Wick, let me, have it, Why don't you take that bottle and smash it over my face. There is another pause. Wick speaks very quietly. WICK: It's a quarter of eight. I suppose they're : still in that hotel, waiting for you, | DON: Call her up, Wick, will you? Tell | her something. Tell her I'm sick. | Tell her Itm dead, . Wick has bent over Don and loosened his tie. . DON: Will you call her? WICK: Yes, I'll call her. . ' DON: She must have written them a lot of nice things about me. What a gentle« man Iam. A princes WICK: Which hotel is it? DON: The Manhattan, Mr. and Mrs, Charles St. James from Toledo, Ohio. Paying no attention to the sound of steps which has beeri coming from the staircase; Wick rises, puts the glass of whiskey on the table and is about to cross towards the te phone when the doorbell rings -- short, short, long; shor Wick freezes. Don sits up on the couch. They know that ri There is a helpless look in Don's eyes; WICK? (Whispering) Get up, Don. Don, clinging to Wickts arm, pulls himself up.. Wick push him through the doorway to the dark bedroom, closing the after him. The bell rings-again, that same ring: WICK: Just. a minute, Helen; He snaps on the lights in the living room, rolls the empt bottle under the couch; takes the glass of whiskey, puts behind the pile of records. As he is starting. towards th door, the bottle rolls from under the couch: Wick stops a rolls it back again, then goes inte the hall and opens th door.. Helen, in a great hurry, stands outside, nervousi
9) 30) dialog: 
9) 34) text: Hello, Wick. Is Don here? Don? No. Helen comes into the living room.
9) 38) dialog: HELEN’ WICK’
9) 40) dialog: 
9) 42) dialog: 
9) 44) dialog: 
9) 46) dialog: ‘HELEN: 11-744 He was supposed to mest us for lunch, then he telephoned he'd be late. Mother's beginning to think I just made him up. Do you suppose something's happened to him? Nonsense. But surely he'd have called back if he were all right. Where did he call you from? I don't know. I think I've got an idea, He called from out of town. Out of town? Where? Philadelphia, Whatts he doing in Philadelphia? There's an opening on the Philadelphia Inquirer, The Book Section. Don wrote them, He wired, I think this morning early he just.took a train, : He never told me a word about it. Itm not supposed to tell you either, He wanted it. to be a surprise. He didi
9) 65) text: "HE LOST WEEKEND “1-25-44. B28 a (56 B-59 LIVING ROOM & ‘ENTRANCE HALL "Almost at the door. to the entrance hall, Helen turns ba Wick stands, the glass of whiskey in his hand, startled taut at the sight of Don who comes in, not too steady on his feet. a DON: - . I’m sorry, Helen. I can't let you go. .Not like that. HELEN: Dont ces WICK: Shut your mouth; ‘Don, (To Helen) Itlhl take you. downstairs. DON: Thank you. very much for your Philadelphia Story, Wick. Nice try. vy Helen comes back into the room, staring at Don. She is be ginning to realize that he's drunk. Don looks at the glas “in Wickts hand, DON: That looks so silly on you. He takes the glass out of Wick's hand. - WICK: (To Helen) Don't listen to him, DON: You don't have to. Just look at . : the two of us, : . HELEN: Yes. Whatts all this covering up? WI 3 All that happened is that Don was nervous at the idea of meeting your parents and so he book - a couple of drinks, DON: : Come on, Wick, she'd: have found out. sooner or later, HELEN: “ $top it, both ‘of: you. Don's a little tight. Most people drink a little. A lot of them. get tight once in a wits: DON: Sures The lucky ones who can-take it or leave it, But then there. are the ones who. can't.take it, but cantt-leave it either, What I'm trying to say is Itm-not.a drinker, I'm a drunk, They had to put me away once. (Continued)
9) 67) dialog: 
9) 71) dialog: 
9) 74) dialog: 
9) 80) text: THE LOST WEEKEND 12-30-44 BeBe He went to a cure.” Which didn't take. That first day we met, you see, the dirty trick was I should have had the decency to get arunk, just for your sake For my sake? Wetre talking about youe (Turning to Wick) Is it really that bady Wick? Yes, it ise Can't we go over this tomorrow, Don . when youtre feeling more like yourself? Helen's heard the facts» That's all there is to its . . : I've heard them and they're not very pleasante’ But they could be worses After all, you're not an embézzler or . a murderers You drink too much. That's not fatal....One cure didn!t take.’ There are others. Of course there are. This has a familiar ring. There must be a reason why you drink. The right doctor can find ite I'm way ahead of the right doctor. I know the reason, ‘The reason is mes What Iams Or, rather, what I'm not, What aren't you that you want to be, Don? A writers. Silly, isn't it? You see, in college I passed for a genius. ‘They couldn't. get out the college magazine without one of my stories. Boy, was I. . hot. Hemingway stuffs .I reached my peak when I was nineteen. Sold a piece to the Atlantic. Monthly. It was reprinted. in. the Readers! Digest, Who wants to stay in ‘college when he!s Hemingway? . My mother bought me a brand new. typewriter, and I moved right in on New York. Well, the first thing I wrote, that didn't-quite come off. And the second I droppeds The publie wasn't ready for that ones (Continued)
9) 89) dialog: 
9) 99) dialog: 
11) 49) text: Cn4 KLTOHEN ~ BIRNAM APARTMENT: In the sink is the bottle Wick emptied that first after- noon. Don picks it up, goes back into the living room.
12) 84) text: On it. lies a revolver and the second page of a letter on which Doh is writing: +eeeBut amid all the grimness ean we share one little joke, dear Wick: I did finish somethings didn't I? Goodbye « . Don
12) 118) text: DON: Go on now, He half pushes, half leads her into the entrance hall. DON: And no fuss, please. Don't call in the neighbors, It won't do any Bood, I promise you.- HELEN: I wontt. You've. made up your mind. | Could you tell me exactly why? DON: Because it's best all around, for everybody. ‘For you, for Wick, for me. . . HELEN: That's not trué. We love you, Wick and I. | DON: . All right. Just for me, then. Selfish again, : HELEN : That's a sad final word, Don, wey DON: Look at it this way, Helen. This : © pusiness is just a formality. Don Ne Birnam is dead already. He died over this weekend, HELEN; . Did he? What did he die of? DON: ’ of a lot of things. Of alcohol, of moral anemia, of fear, of shame, of D.T.ts. HELEN + Oh, that Don Birnam. And now you want. to kill the other one. DON: What other? HELEN: There were two Dons. You told me . so yourself, Don Birnem, the drunk, and Don Birnam, the writer. Who died of fear and shame and D.T.'s2 The drunk, not the writer. DON: You're just wasting your time. HELEN: So now that Don the writer is free, mo now that hets cured, you want to blow out his brains and his talent. - and his ambition.
12) 149) text: DON: He was a highly unremarkable young man, comma, that is, in most respests. As Helen is typing it, the door is opened and Wick comes carrying his suitcase and wearing his camel's-hair overco wet from the rain. He stops such a peaceful picture. in the door, surprised to find WICK: Why, hello, HELEN: Quiet, Wick. We're working. WICK: You are? HELEN: Just fix us some breakfast. WICK: All right. He is still wide-eyed from surprise as he puts down the suitcase. . DON: You'll find quite a supply of milky With the words, he thrusts his cigarette into the full . jigger of whiskey, Wick's eyes goggle incredulously as he moves into. the ki DON: Where. was I? It was a long Oh, yes. (Starting to dictate) weekend his brother had prescribed for him, on the family farm upstate. He loved the farm, but his mind wasn't on the farm, nor was it on the weekend...”