38) 4) dialog: What do you want?
54) 0) text: Maude and Harold enter. The block of ice in the center of the room is now five to six feet tall and melting rapidly into the large trough in which it stands. Around the stud on the walls and benches are every conceivable hand tool sculpting tools, gardening tools, construction tools, etc On a raised platform in one corner covered with rugs and cushions and skins, lies Glaucus, bundled up in a parka and snoring horribly. In his gloved hands he holds a hammer and an ice pick.
59) 0) text: A brand new block of ice - eight to nine feet tall - stands in the trough in the center of the studio. Glaucus spryly dressed for autumn, is chipping merrily away.
59) 1) dialog: Come in. Come in. Maude enters.
59) 3) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 47/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx One moment. He makes a chip on the ice and stands back to examine it. He is satisfied. He turns to Maude, full of pep.
59) 4) dialog: Ah, Dame Marjorie. Greetings. (he kisses her hand) As Odysseus said to Penelope... Harold enters a little out of breath.
59) 6) dialog: A rather free translation but nonetheless correct. Greetings to you too, my little one. (he gestures at the ice) Tell me, what do you see?
59) 8) dialog: Exactly! Now, ask me what I see.
59) 10) dialog: I see the eternal goddess of beauty and love. I see Aphrodi The consummate woman.
59) 12) dialog: Each morning I am delivered of a new block of ice. Each evening my eyes grow weary, my hands hang heavy, and I am swept down Lethe to slumber - (slowly with feeling) - while my goddess, half-born, drips away - unseen, unsung, and unknown. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 48/105 3/6/12 95 96 97 98 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt
59) 14) dialog: Wait! Let me think. Do I need a shovel today? No! I needa blowtorch. (he gets a blowtorch) Take any shovel. You are welcome. Harold picks up a shovel.
59) 16) dialog: Farewell, my friends. (he fires the blowtorch) "Where'er he moved, the goddess shone before" - Homer! He approaches the ice.
72) 0) text: The ice block is as we saw it the first night - unfinishe and melting. Glaucus, bundled up in his winter clothes, falters towards it with a heavy hammer and chisel. He is fighting off sleep as only a very old man can. He manages a blow on the ice and then shuffles back to see its effect. He mumbles all the time.
72) 1) dialog: The bitter dregs of Fortune's cup to drain - The Iliad... Almost finished... Gotta make it... Going to make it... Liberate Love... Set her free. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 55/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx He staggers to the statue and back again. Harold and Maude enter, laughing.
72) 4) dialog: Cold... Yes... Yes... Gotta turn up the heat... Excuse me... He turns up the heat.
72) 6) dialog: What?... Oh yes... Shovel... Create verily these issues lie in the lap of the gods... Iliad... Just sit down for a minute. Glaucus wanders over to his couch and sits, still mumblin
72) 7) dialog: Not giving up... Just for a minute Then once more up the hill... Harold walks over to the ice sculpture.
72) 11) dialog: Yes... almost done. have a little rest. Not long... Just a little rest... then once more up the hill... He falls back slowly asleep.
72) 13) dialog: Aha! Morpheus. I'll... He mumbles and makes an effort to raise his tools. His eyes close, but he is still fighting.
72) 14) dialog: Gonna make it... Gonna make it... Make it... He drifts back against the cushions still holding the too in his hand. He is finally asleep. Harold and Maude have been watching Glaucus's gallant bat Maude smiles and turns to go. Harold looks at the sculptu