5) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen is seated at the head of the table entertaini eight to ten guests. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 2/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx They are all in evening clothes and are laughing as Mrs. Chasen in a dress of white ostrich feathers continues a witty story.
8) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen decked out in a fashionable black bikini, cra glasses, and an enormous sun hat, walks down the garden steps to the pool. Over this and the end of the above we HEAR her voice. MRS. CHASEN (v.o.) Hello, Fay, darling. Be an absolute dear and cancel my appointment with Rene this afternoon. Oh, I know, but Wednesday morning would be so much more convenient. Oh, you are an angel. Yes. Yes. Bye. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 5/105 3/6/12 15 16 17 18 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Mrs. Chasen has now reached the poolside. As she walks around it we PAN with her and discover Harold, fully clothed, floating face downward on the still surface. Mrs Chasen does not see him and walks into the pool house.
15) 0) text: CLOSER SHOTS of the mourners sobbing and the priest pray- ing. We come to Harold who has a look of gentle fascina- tion. The service is concluding. Harold looks up across the grave. A hundred yards away on the cemetery bench sits an old woman eating a tangerine. This is MAUDE. Harold stares at her. She seems to be having some kind of happy picnic. She looks over towards him. He quickly returns his attention to the burial.
16) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen opens the front door and is saying farewell t haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 8/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx two lady friends, the same kind of chic sophisticates as she is. Just then a hearse pulls into the driveway passes them, and parks by the garage. The two women are somewhat stunned. Harold gets out of the hearse and goes into the backyard. The two women look to Mrs. Chasen for some explanation. Mrs. Chasen smiles lamely.
20) 2) text: A pixiesque old woman, somewhat eccentrically dressed, is smiling at him. It is Maude again.
20) 4) dialog: Psst. Harold looks back. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 14/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
20) 5) text: Maude gives him a coquettish wink.
20) 9) dialog: Like some licorice? She offers some.
20) 11) dialog: You're welcome. (gesturing to the deceased) Did you know him?
20) 13) dialog: Me neither. I heard he was eighty years old. I'll be eighty next week. A good time to move on, don't you think?
20) 15) dialog: I mean, seventy-five is too early, haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 12/105 3/6/12 38 40 41 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt but at eighty-five, well, you're just marking time and you may as well look over the horizon.
20) 17) text: Maude is now sitting next to Harold.
20) 18) dialog: I'll never understand this mania for black. I mean no one sends black flowers, do they? Black flowers are dead flowers and who would send black flowers to a funeral? It's change! (fluttery laugh) How absurd. Her eye catches a dour portrait of the Blessed Virgin and Child on a pillar. With one swoop she takes a felt pen from Harold's breast pocket and draws on the painting a bright and cheery smile. Harold is stunned.
20) 19) dialog: There, that's better. They never give the poor thing a chance to laugh. Heaven knows she has a lot to be happy about. In fact... (she looks thought- fully around the church) - they all have a lot to be happy about. Excuse me.
20) 20) text: The faces of four somber statue saints. MAUDE (v.o.) An unhappy saint is a contradiction in terms.
21) 0) text: An anxious Harold stands while Maude puts the top back on his pen. Maude smiles and gestures at a crucifix.
21) 1) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 13/105 3/6/12 42 43 44 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt And why do they keep on about that? You'd think no one ever read the end of the story. She exits grandly with Harold's pen. Harold follows.
22) 1) dialog: It's a question of emphasis, you might say. Accentuate the positive, so to speak.
22) 3) dialog: Oh, of course. What is your name?
22) 5) dialog: How do you do? I am Dame Marjorie Chardin, but you may call me Maude.
22) 7) dialog: Oh, thank you. I think we shall be great friends, don't you? Maude takes a great ring of keys from her purse, selects one of them, and opens the door of the car at the curb.
22) 8) dialog: Can I drop you anywhere, Harold?
22) 10) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 14/105 3/6/12 45 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt Well then, I must be off. (she gets in) We shall have to meet again. She revs up the motor and looks over at Harold.
22) 11) dialog: Do you dance?
22) 13) dialog: Do you sing and dance?
22) 15) dialog: No. (she smiles) I thought not. With a great screech of burning rubber Maude drives down the street just as the priest comes up to Harold. They both watch her squeal around the corner.
23) 10) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 17/105 3/6/12 46 47 48 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt five..." The gun is pointing at his mother. Slowly Harold turns it till it is pointing directly into his face. He pulls the trigger. A burst of blood and a loud EXPLOSION. He and the chair are blown over backward OUT OF FRAME. SOUNDS of crashing furniture and breaking china. Mrs. Chasen remains impervious to it all.
25) 0) text: PAN around the sorrowing faces. STOP at Harold. CONTINUE past him 180 degrees and STOP at Maude. She is directly across the open grave from Harold. She tries to get his attention.
25) 1) dialog: Psst! Psst! Harold looks up. Maude gives him a friendly wink, and a kind of "How do you do?" smile. Harold is horrified. The priest looks up from his praying. It is the same priest as before. He looks over at Maude. Maude suddenly over- come by sorrow backs away from the people.
26) 0) text: Harold is walking by the road. The funeral in the back- ground is over but we see the priest coming toward him. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 18/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
26) 2) dialog: Hello, Harold. Can I give you a lift? Harold is surprised. He goes over to the hearse.
26) 4) dialog: Was that the one with the St. Christopher medal on the dashboard?
26) 6) dialog: Then I suppose it was me. Get in, Harold. Harold decides not to argue. He gets
26) 9) dialog: (brightly) Oh, yes. How did you like that?
26) 11) dialog: Oh, don't be too discouraged. For aesthetic appreciation - always a little time.
27) 0) text: Harold is sitting in the front seat, wanting to say some- thing but also trying to hold on. Maude drives like a haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 19/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx racing car driver, fast and risky, but with complete self assurance.
27) 1) dialog: What a delight it is, Harold, to bump into you again. I knew we were going to be good friends the moment I saw you. You go to funerals often, don't you? Harold is more intent on Maude's maneuvering of his car than on conversation.
27) 3) dialog: Oh, so do I. They're such fun, aren't they? It's all change. All revolving. Burials and births. The end to the beginning and the beginning to the end - (she makes a screeching left- hand turn) - the great circle of life. My, this old thing handles well. Ever drive a hearse, Harold?
27) 5) dialog: Well, it's a new experience for me.
27) 8) dialog: Your hearse?
27) 10) dialog: Oh.
29) 1) dialog: (brightly) Then you shall take me home.
30) 1) dialog: And so just before he left for the monastery in Tibet, Big Sweeney gave me his keys. She is showing Harold her ring of car keys.
30) 2) dialog: (continuing) Of course, I've had to make some additions for the new models, but not as many as you might think. Once you have your basic set it's then only a question of variation.
30) 4) dialog: Not any car. I like to keep a variety. I'm always looking for the new experience, like this one. I liked it.
30) 6) dialog: What owners, Harold? We don't own anything. It's a transitory world. We come on the earth with nothing, and we go out with not so isn't "ownership" a little absurd?
30) 10) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 21/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx Well, if some people are upset because they feel they have a hold on some things, then I'm merely acting as a gentle reminder - I'm sort of breaking it easy -- Here today, gone tomorrow, so don't get attached to things. Now, with tha in mind, I'm not against collecting stuff...
31) 0) text: Maude and Harold enter.
31) 1) dialog: I've collected quite a lot of stuff in my time. We see Maude's main room filled with all kinds of eccentr memorabilia, from a mounted swordfish to an ivory Buddha. It is dominated by a large canopied bed like something fr a Wagnerian opera. Other features are a large fireplace, a baby grand piano, expensive paintings on the walls, a tall wooden sculpture, and a Japanese type eating area wi satin cushions.
31) 2) dialog: It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
31) 4) dialog: Oh, look! The birds. She goes to the window and works a unique pulley device t delivers seed to the bird table in the back yard.
31) 5) dialog: This is my daily ritual. I love them so much. The only wild life I see anymore. Free as a bird! (fluttery laugh) You know, at one time I used to break into pet shops and liberate the canaries, but I gave it up as an idea before its time. The zoos are full and the prisons overflowing. My, my. How the world so dearly loves a cage. (she looks out haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 22/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx another window) And there's Madame Arouet, cultivating her garden. She waves at the black dressed old woman diligently hoein vegetables in the backyard. The old woman does not notice Maude.
31) 6) dialog: (sighs) She's very sweet, but so old- fashioned. Please sit down, Harold. I'll put on the kettle and we'll have a nice hot cup of tea.
31) 8) dialog: But it's oat straw tea. You've never had oat straw tea, have you?
31) 10) dialog: Well then. The argument is over.
31) 12) dialog: Oh, at the dentist's?
31) 14) dialog: Well, then, you must come back and visit.
31) 16) dialog: My door is always open.
31) 18) dialog: Promise? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 23/105. 3/6/12 54 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt He turns at the door and half smiles.
32) 26) text: A giant steel ball crashes into a brick wall, demolishing it. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 25/105 3/6/12 56 57 58 59 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt
34) 0) text: All the lights are on showing a room cluttered with books guns and swords on the walls, small bits of odd machinery a chemistry workbench, a school pennant, some trophies, some models, a chess set, etc. HAROLD (v.o.) Oh, all my things - incidental but not integral, if you know what I mean. We PAN over individual items - the chemistry set, pool floats, a small oxygen cylinder, the rope and body harnes he used to hang himself in the first scene, a large bottl of Max Factor blood, a portrait of Lon Chaney as "The Phantom of the Opera." We come to a silver serving dish with a large silver cove over it. A hand comes into frame and removes the cover. On the dish is Harold's severed head. The hands pick up haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 26/105 3/6/12 60 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt the head. We TILT UP and see it is Harold. He takes the dummy head over to his dresser, combs the hair and picks off the latex blood, and then takes it to the center of t room, where a headless dummy sits in a chair. Harold scre the head onto the dummy. It doesn't fit very well. He fiddles with it a moment but he is not satisfied. He goes to his closet and looks into a box of tools and things. He takes a meat cleaver out but he is still looking for something else. There is a knock on the door and Mrs. Chasen in evening clothes enters. Harold turns to come ou of the closet but he hears his mother addressing the dumm
35) 0) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 27/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx Mrs. Chasen opens the front door, revealing a cute, typical American co-ed. This is CANDY GULF.
38) 6) dialog: Harold?
39) 0) text: Harold sits in a chair, brooding. Maude is in her kitchen alcove.
39) 1) dialog: How about some ginger pie?
39) 3) dialog: I'll heat some up. My, it's nice to see you again, Harold. How's your hearse?
39) 5) dialog: She seemed yare to me. Maude lays out the table. Harold gets up. He has some- thing on his mind.
39) 7) dialog: Heavens no! I don't have the time. But I like to keep in practice and poor Glaucus occasionally needs his memory refreshed as to the contours of the female form. (she stops) Do you disapprove?
39) 9) dialog: (she wants the truth) Really. Do you think it's wrong?
39) 11) dialog: Oh, I'm so happy you said that because I wanted to show you my paintings. This is the "Rape of Rome" and, of course, there in the corner is quite a graphic depiction of Leda and the Swan. Harold looks at the corner of the painting and then back Maude.
39) 12) dialog: (coquettishly) A self-portrait. (she walks on) But over here is my favorite. It's titled "Rainbow with Egg Underneath and an Elephant." Do you like it?
39) 14) dialog: It was my last. I then became infatuated with these -- my "Odorifics." She points to the odd-shaped boxes with the tubes and handles attached to them.
39) 15) dialog: Give the nose a treat, I thought. Have a kind of olfactory banquet! So I began first on the easiest - roast beef, old books, mown grass, then I went on to these - (she reads the labels on the boxes) "An Evening at Maxim's." "Mexican Farmyard." Here's one you'd like. "Snowfall on 42nd Street." Put it on. She helps him put on the oxygen-type mask.
39) 16) dialog: (continuing) Now I'll pump it up... (she does so) and you just turn the handles. (he does) Okay. What do you smell? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 33/105 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt
39) 18) dialog: It goes on and on.
39) 20) dialog: Thank you. I thought of continuing - graduating to the abstract and free-smelling - but then I decided to switch to the tactile.
39) 22) dialog: What do you think?
39) 24) dialog: No, you have to touch it. (she demonstrates) You have to run your hands over it, get close to it, really reach out and feel. You try it. Harold tries. He gingerly moves his hand over a rather sensuous curve.
39) 25) dialog: That's right. How's the sensation? A low RISING WHISTLE is heard.
39) 26) dialog: Oh, that's the kettle. (she goes to kitchen) Go ahead, Harold. Stroke, palm, caress, explore.
39) 27) text: Harold watches Maude leave the room. He hears her invita- tion and looks at the sculpture. A battle is going on inside him. ("Go ahead touch it! - Better not!") Maude begins humming in the kitchen. She won't be out for a whi Harold begins moving his hand over the polished wood. His haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx face is expressionless, but he moves his body closer and his hand becomes more daring. He brings his other hand onto the sculpture. He is enjoying looks at the large hole before him.
39) 28) text: e sensations. He is hand moves around it. ("Go ahead - Better not!") His eyes scan the room. Suddenly he sticks his head in the hole, pulls it out, steps back quickly, and looks over to the kitchen. Maude is still out there humming. Harold relaxes, straightens his suit, looks at the sculpture, and braves a short smil Maude enters with the tea.
39) 29) dialog: Here we are, Harold. Oat straw tea and ginger pie.
39) 31) dialog: Wonderful! Try something new each day. After all, we're given life to find it out. It doesn't last forever. They sit down at the table.
39) 33) dialog: Me. Ha! Did I tell you I'll be eighty on Saturday?
39) 35) dialog: That's the influence of the right food, the right exercise, and the breathing. (she gestures) Greet the dawn with the Breath of Fire! (the demonstration leaves her a little winded) Of course, there's no doubt the body is giving out. I'm well into autumn. I'll have to be giving it all up after Saturday. Sweeten the tea with honey, Harold. It's delicious.
39) 38) dialog: Sterling silver. It was my dear mother-in-law's, part of a dinner set of fifty pieces. It's one of the few things that survived. (pause) Oh, but I do rattle on so. Tell me about yourself, Harold. (she settles back with her tea) What do you do when you aren't visiting funerals?
41) 1) dialog: Yes. There is definitely a certain attraction.
42) 0) text: A giant crane comes crashing into the hood of a car. The car is picked up and dropped on a conveyor belt which hauls it up to the crusher. Despite the terrible din Harold and Maude watch with rapt attention.
43) 2) dialog: Well, it's all very thrilling, of course, but I ask you, Harold... Is it enough?
44) 0) text: The CAMERA is at a LOW LEVEL. We see long rows of young plants that stretch into the distance. We PAN across the field into two giant CLOSEUPS of Harold and Maude. They are lying on the ground looking intently at one little plant. Maude looks over to Harold.
44) 1) dialog: I love to watch things grow.
45) 0) text: SHOTS of flowers growing, all different varieties, in clusters, in pots, on vines, in greenhouses, in large fields. Maude and Harold are walking down a row of flowers.
45) 1) dialog: They grow and bloom, and fade, and die, and some change into something else. Ah, life! They stop by some flowers.
45) 2) dialog: I should like to change into a sunflower most of all. They are so tall and simple. And you, Harold, what flower would you like to be?
46) 0) text: Harold and Maude look out at it.
46) 1) dialog: (a little perturbed) Why do you say that?
46) 3) dialog: Oooh, but they are not. Look. They bend down to see some close ones.
46) 4) dialog: (continuing) See - some are smaller, some are fatter, some grow to the left, some to the right, some even have some petals missing - all kinds of observable differences, and we haven't even touched the bio- chemical. You see, Harold, they're like the Japanese. At first you think they all look alike, but after you get to know them you see there is not a repeat in the bunch. Each person is different, never existed before and never to exist again. Just like this daisy - (she picks it) - an individual. They stand up.
46) 6) dialog: Yes, that's very true. Still I believe much of the world's sorrow comes from people who know they are this - (she holds the daisy) - yet let themselves be treated - (she looks out at the field) - as that.
48) 0) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 38/105. 3/6/12 718 80 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt A large black Continental apparently out of control crashes through the flower farm fence, swerves onto the road, and zigzags away at top speed before finally straightening out.
49) 0) text: Harold is petrified. Maude is driving. She looks over at him and explains.
49) 1) dialog: Ha! Power steering.
51) 2) dialog: Oh, it's only a machine, Harold. It's not as if it were alive, like a horse or a camel. We may live in a machine age, but I simply can't treat them as equals. (she looks over at the radio) Of course, the age has its advantages. She turns it on. Music plays softly.
51) 3) dialog: (continuing) The universal language of mankind. (she begins humming along with the tune) What music do you like, Harold?
52) 3) dialog: (she points) Look.
52) 5) dialog: Over there by the courthouse.
52) 8) dialog: That little tree. It's in trouble. Come on. Maude walks over to the courthouse. Harold, not wanting t be left with the crashed car, quickly follows.
53) 1) dialog: Look at it, Harold. It's suffocating. It's the smog. People can live with it, but it gives trees asthma. They can't breathe. See the leaves are all brown. Harold, we've got to do something about this life.
53) 3) dialog: We'll transplant it. To the forest. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 40/105. 3/6/12 84 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt
53) 5) dialog: Why not?
53) 7) dialog: Exactly. She's ready to dig.
53) 9) dialog: Yes, you're right. We'll go see Glaucus. Come on.
53) 12) dialog: (nonchalantly) Oh, the police. Come on.
53) 14) dialog: Good afternoon, Officer. Bit of trouble here?
53) 16) dialog: Well, it's a tricky turn.
53) 18) dialog: Tell me -- haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 41/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx (points to car in front) -- is that car parked all right?
53) 20) dialog: Well, thank you. Eh, officer, you might turn off the radio. Saves the battery. Maude and Harold walk off to the car in front. The office turns off the radio. He looks up. Maude has opened the door of the car in front with her ring of keys. She waves to him.
53) 23) text: He tips his hat and waves back. He is smiling as we hear the engine start. The smile drops as we hear Maude's screeching start.
54) 0) text: Maude and Harold enter. The block of ice in the center of the room is now five to six feet tall and melting rapidly into the large trough in which it stands. Around the stud on the walls and benches are every conceivable hand tool sculpting tools, gardening tools, construction tools, etc On a raised platform in one corner covered with rugs and cushions and skins, lies Glaucus, bundled up in a parka and snoring horribly. In his gloved hands he holds a hammer and an ice pick.
54) 1) dialog: Oh, my. We're too late.
54) 3) dialog: He's fallen asleep, as usual. She covers him with a rug.
54) 4) dialog: (continuing) We'll come back in the morning.
54) 6) dialog: An ice sculpture. It's Venus haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 42/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx the Goddess of Love, the completion of which is his unfulfilled dream.
54) 8) dialog: He's never finished one yet. He has around him every kind of hand tool known to man, but the poor dear has difficulty staying awake.
54) 10) dialog: Yes. They both stand and stare.
54) 11) dialog: That's one of the drawbacks of the medium.
55) 0) text: Harold and Maude sit before the fire. They have just finished dinner.
55) 1) dialog: A little after-dinner liqueur, Harold?
55) 3) dialog: Oh, it's all right. It's organic. She pours.
55) 5) dialog: (offering) Some nuts? Some licorice? It has no nutritional value but then consistency is not really a human trait.
55) 8) dialog: My umbrella? (fluttery laugh) Oh, that's just a relic. I found it when I was packing to come to America. It used to be my defense on picket lines and rallies and political meetings - being dragged off by police or attacked by thugs of the opposition. (fluttery laugh as she remembers) A long time ago.
55) 10) dialog: Oh, Big Issues. Liberty. Rights. Justice. Kings died and kingdoms fell. I don't regret the kingdoms - what sense in borders and nations and patriotism - but I do miss the kings. When I was a little girl I was taken to the palace in Vienna, to a garden party. I can still see the sunshine, the parasols, and the flashing uniforms of the young officers. I thought then I would marry a soldier. (fluttery laugh) Later, Frederick would chide me about it. (with a twinkle) He was so serious. A doctor at the University. And in the government. Suddenly she gets quiet.
55) 11) dialog: But, that was all... before... Maude stares into the fire. She suddenly seems very small and fragile. Harold notices the change that has come over her and is not sure what to say.
55) 13) dialog: No.
55) 15) dialog: (sparks back to her old self) Oh, yes! Every day. But I don't need a defense anymore. I embrace! Still fighting for the Big Issues but now in my small, individual way. Shall we have a song?
55) 17) dialog: Oh come on. I'll teach you. She goes to the piano, sits down, and plays. It is a fast delightful song and she sings it with zest.
55) 18) dialog: Come on, Harold, join in the chorus. Beside her Harold hesitatingly sings along. The o.s. orchestra has joined in, enabling Maude to leave the pian and get up and dance. She capers in true old vaudeville fashion. As the song continues we go into a MONTAGE and see Maude dance as she sings in various locales - the bea the forest, the fields, the hills, finally returning to her room to join up with Harold for a socko finish.
55) 19) dialog: Oh, that was fun. Let's play something together.
55) 21) dialog: (a bombshell!) Don't play anything! Dear me. Everyone should be able to make some music. Why, it's life! - Rhythm and harmony - That's the cosmic dance. Come with me. She goes over to a large cupboard and opens both doors. It is full of all kinds of musical instruments. She ferre about for a while and pulls out a banjo.
55) 22) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 45/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx Here we are. Just the thing. She shows him a chord and how to strum. - "Your fingers here... etc." He does it a few times.
55) 23) dialog: That's right. But be impulsive! Be fanciful! Let the music flow out of you as freely as though you were talking. Okay? (she sits) From the top -- Let's jam! She swings into the chorus and Harold strums along. At th end she looks over at him beaming.
55) 25) dialog: Superb.
56) 0) text: Harold sits practicing his banjo. We barely recognize tha he is playing Maude's Song. He hears his mother calling him and he quickly hides his banjo in a nearby flower pot His mother enters.
59) 2) dialog: Have you seen Harold?
59) 13) dialog: May we borrow a shovel?
59) 15) dialog: Thank you, Glaucus. We'll see you later. Come on, Harold. Harold and Maude exit.
63) 2) dialog: Yes. Those little pieces of paper with your picture on it?
63) 4) dialog: Oh, I don't have one. CoP Come again.
63) 5) dialog: I don't have one. I don't believe in them. cop How long have you been driving?
63) 6) dialog: About forty-five minutes, wouldn't you say, Harold? We were hoping to start sooner but, you see, it's rather hard to find a truck.
63) 8) dialog: I just don't think we have one, unless it's in the glove compartment. Could you look, Harold?
63) 10) dialog: No, no. I just took it.
63) 12) dialog: Yes. You see I have to plant my tree.
63) 14) dialog: Well, s not really mine. I dug it up in front of the courthouse. We're transplanting it. Letting
63) 15) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 50/105. 3/6/12 99 101 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt it breathe, you know. But, of course, we would like to get it into soil, as soon as possible.
63) 17) dialog: (agreeing) All right, then, and we'll be off. (she revs up the motor) Nice chatting with you. Maude zooms off down the highway. The cop is left flabber gasted. He races for his motorcycle. With SIRENS blazing he drives of to catch her.
64) 2) dialog: Is he? Ah, the police. Always wanting to play games. Well, here goes. Maude accelerates and zooms off.
65) 0) text: Maude careens down the highway dodging cars. The cop follows in hot pursuit. Suddenly Maude does a full left turn making a screeching half-circle and charging off dow the highway in the opposite direction. Cars pull over out of her way. The cop does a similar U-turn and follows her Maude immediately makes another U-turn and flies off down the highway in her original direction. The cop is taken unawares. Traffic around him is in total confusion. He dodges zigzagging cars, runs up onto the embankment, and stops.
66) 2) dialog: (brightly) The old double U-turn. Gets haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt
68) 0) text: Maude and Harold have just finished planting the tree; Maude is putting the finishing touches around the trunk. She stands up.
68) 1) dialog: There. Oh, I like the feel of soil, don't you? And the smell. It's the earth. "The earth is my body. My head is in the stars." (little laugh) Who said that?
68) 4) dialog: I suppose I did. (laughs) Well, farewell little tree. Grow up tall, and change, and fall to replenish the earth. Isn't it wonderful, Harold? All around us. ings.
69) 0) text: Harold and Maude are sitting in a tree.
69) 1) dialog: I come here as often as I can. It's exhilarating. What do you call it? Nature! Life! Soul! God! At any rate, it's here, and... We PULL BACK on the ZOOM and see they are sitting in the top branches of a very tall tree.
69) 2) dialog: we are part of it.
70) 0) text: SAME SIDE ANGLE AS SHOT 96, except now the truck is traveling from screen right to screen left. Maude is driving; Harold sits beside her. Maude looks at Harold. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 52/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx He smiles. She smiles.
71) 2) dialog: Hello. She doesn't quite recognize him.
71) 3) dialog: Haven't we met before?
71) 5) dialog: (genuinely) Oh, well. Must have been your brother.
71) 7) dialog: But there is a family resemblance.
71) 9) dialog: We planted it. cop Is this your shovel?
71) 10) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 53/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt
71) 12) dialog: Officer, I can explain.
71) 15) dialog: Oh, don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That's the curse of a government job.
71) 17) dialog: (equally as patient) Check.
71) 19) dialog: Oh no! Not in my name.
71) 21) dialog: Well, I don't know. Do you know, Harold? cop Where are the papers?
71) 22) dialog: I suppose they are in the truck. Are you going to take a lot of time with this?
71) 24) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 54/105. 3/6/12 109 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Because if you are...
71) 26) dialog: Grab the shovel, Harold.
71) 27) text: Harold hesitates. He looks over at e cop, who begins to get out of the truck. He makes up his mind, grabs the shovel, jumps on the seat behind Maude, and they both go careening off down the road. The cop takes out his gun.
71) 31) dialog: Oh! It's just like the Resistance. She begins maneuvering the bike in defensive zigzag patterns.
72) 2) dialog: Oh, those motorcycles are awfully chilly.
72) 9) dialog: Yes. It's almost there. Glaucus, his eyes barely open, gets up and shuffles in place as if he is walking over to the statue. He works his tools in the air and then shuffles in place as if he is walking back. He examines his work. He sits.
72) 16) dialog: Yes.
72) 18) dialog: (brightly) Why? There'll be a new block of ice in the morning.
72) 21) dialog: Yes, so do I. But I think he is a little... old-fashioned. Like a puff, Harold?
72) 23) dialog: It's all right. (she offers him the hose) It's organic. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 57/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt
72) 25) dialog: Vice? Virtue? It's best not to be too moral. You cheat yourself out of too much life. Aim above morality. As Confucius says, "Don't simply be good. Make good things happen."
72) 27) dialog: Well -- (she smiles) - they say he was very wise, so I'm sure he must have.
72) 29) dialog: Me! (she laughs and shakes her head) When I look around me I know I know nothing. I remember though, once long ago in Persia, we met a wise man in the bazaar. He was a professional and used to sell his wisdom to anyone willing to pay. His specialty for tourists was a maxim engraved on the head of a pin. "The wisest," he said, "the truest, the most instructive words for all men at all times." Frederick bought one for me and back at the hotel I peered through a magnifying glass to read the words - "And this too shall pass away." (fluttery laugh) Well, the wise man was right - if you remember that, you can't help but live life fully.
72) 31) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 58/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx What was that?
72) 34) dialog: (laughing with him) How ingenious! Tell me about them.
72) 36) dialog: Of course.
72) 41) dialog: Yes. I understand. A lot of people enjoy being dead. But they are not dead really. They're just backing away from life. (with a twinkle) They're players - but they sit on the bench. The game goes on before them. At any moment they can join in. (she jumps up and shouts) Reach out! Take a chance! Get hurt maybe. But play as well as you can. (she leads a cheer before the stands) Go team, go! Give me an "I
72) 45) dialog: (smiles) I like you, Harold. (pause) Come, I'll teach you to waltz. Music comes in from nowhere. Harold joins Maude and, though they both realize how ridiculous they look waltzin in kimonos, they begin to dance, and thoroughly enjoy it. We go into a MONTAGE as they dance together, similar to the one Maude danced alone. They dance on the beach, the forest, the fields, the hills, and end up back in her apartment for the courtly finale.
73) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen and EDITH FERN come out of the house and walk toward the garage area. Edith, the second computer date, is short, mousy, and looks like a female Don Knotts. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 61/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
75) 0) text: Edith and Mrs. Chasen are seated having coffee. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 62/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
75) 23) dialog: It's so blue.
75) 25) dialog: Spreckled with uncountable stars. The stars are shining right now. We just can't see them. Jus another instance of all that going on that is beyond human perception.
75) 28) dialog: Pray? No. (pause) I communicate. (she smiles)
75) 30) dialog: With Life. They look at each other and smile.
75) 32) dialog: Well, why don't you?
75) 34) dialog: Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
75) 37) dialog: No. I feel more like - yodeling.
75) 41) dialog: (poetically) It's sinking, Harold. Going over the horizon - where we are all going to go. It's getting dark. "Let each man hold on to his candle and get a light where'er he can."
75) 43) dialog: (breaking the mood) From the guys who got the matches, of course. (she laughs)
75) 45) dialog: Oh, Harold. You make me feel like a schoolgirl.
75) 47) dialog: Oh.
75) 49) dialog: Well, be kind. I've lived a long time, Harold, seen evil as well as haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 66/105. 3/6/12 120 121 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt good, and it has been my experience that kindness... As Maude is talking and looking out to sea, Harold looks down at her hand in his. She is not wearing a long-sleeve dress and we see a number tattooed on her skin: P-876954. Maude doesn't notice but Harold is visibly shocked.
75) 50) dialog: (continuing) is what the world sorely lacks. Oh, look! Maude points and Harold looks out to sea.
75) 52) text: Harold still holds Maude's hand.
75) 53) dialog: Dreyfus once wrote that on Devil's Island he would see the most glorious birds. Many years later in Britanny he realized they had only been sea gulls. She smiles at Harold and looks back out to sea.
75) 54) dialog: (continuing) To me they will always be - glorious birds. Harold keeps looking at Maude. The sun on the horizon begins slowly to sink.
82) 0) text: Maude is hoeing weeds in Madame Arouet's garden. Madame Arouet is working in the back. Harold comes up to Maude.
82) 2) dialog: What is it, Harold?
82) 4) dialog: But they can't do that. You haven't even got the vote.
82) 6) dialog: Well, don't go. She obviously is not perturbed about Harold's plight and seems more interested in gathering weeds.
82) 7) dialog: (continuing) Perhaps war is part of the human condition. But it shouldn't be encouraged. Bring over that wheelbarrow, will you please? Harold goes to get the wheelbarrow.
82) 9) dialog: Really. Just put it there, Harold. Harold puts down the wheelbarrow and Maude starts forking the weeds into it. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt
82) 12) dialog: (continuing) They'd put you in jail, eh? Well, historically you'd be in very good company. (she laughs) That's what my husband used to say when we were in the French Underground dealing with the Gestapo. Would you like to do a little raking? (she wipes her brow) Work, I'm told, done with no selfish interest, purifies the mind. You sink your separate self and become one with the universal self. On the other hand, senseless labor is a bloody bore and should be scrupulously avoided.
82) 14) dialog: What? With your skill and my experience... I think we can come up with something.
86) 41) dialog: I am petitioning for peace and I came over here to speak...
86) 45) dialog: Don't you talk to me like that, you little foul mouth degenerate! (to General) Really, sir, I thought that you at least...
86) 49) dialog: Don't you advance on me.
86) 51) dialog: Filth! Filth!
86) 54) dialog: (throwing away her sign) Give me that. (she grabs the head) I'm going to throw it in the sewer where it belongs.
86) 58) dialog: Keep away from me, you twisted pervert!
86) 62) text: A long pause. The two look down but there is no sign of Maude. The General, his empty sleeve still at salute, looks around him. He can't believe it. Such a tragedy. Over nothing. It all happened so fast. How did it ever get so out of control? He looks over to Harold for some answers. Harold looks up.
87) 0) text: Three dancing skeletons cackle uproariously. They are afixed to dungeon-like doors. Suddenly the doors fly haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 81/105 3/6/12
87) 4) dialog: No. It had nothing on this afternoon.
87) 6) dialog: Scared? Swimming underwater with that oxygen device of yours. I was petrified.
87) 9) dialog: Right on! It wouldn't be a celebration without it. EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK вЂ” NIGHT Harold and Maude are walking down the fairway, eating candy floss and obviously enjoying themselves very much.
91) 0) text: Harold and Maude are playing the hand-operated "soccer game." Maude puts her whole self into it, cheering haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 82/105 3/6/12 133 134 135 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt enthusiastically for every goal she makes. People around her, particularly a STAID BANKER and his SOCIETY WIFE, look on from their rather dull pursuits. In fact, it seems that Harold and Maude are the only ones having any fun.
92) 0) text: Back by the wall Harold looks at the group around Maude with open admiration. He turns to the machine by him, drops in a penny, and begins stamping out something in metal. Maude and the group play and laugh on in the background.
93) 0) text: Harold and Maude walk slowly to the edge.
93) 2) dialog: Well, they're my species. They both laugh and stop at the edge. On the shore вЂ” the lights of the amusement park. Out in front of them - the black ocean and the stars.
93) 4) dialog: Yes. They're old friends.
93) 6) dialog: I don't know. Perhaps.
93) 8) dialog: We are alone - you and me and everybody. But we can look at those stars and maybe someone down the beach or across the sea in China is looking at them, too. Someone we don't know and most likely will never see - that someone is breathing along with us. And the star- gazers of the past - from peasant to princes - and the star-gazers of the future - all of us breathing and looking up there. We are alone - but look at the stars and never feel lonely.
93) 11) dialog: Oh, no. But I should have liked to have been an astronaut. A private astronaut able to just go out and explore. Like the men who sailed with Magellan, I want to see if we really can fall off the edge of the world. (fluttery laugh) What a joke it will be if like them I - She makes a circle with her arm.
93) 12) dialog: (continuing) - end where I began.
93) 14) dialog: Yes.
93) 16) dialog: Oh, a gift. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 84/105 3/6/12 136 137 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt She reads it.
93) 17) dialog: (continuing) "Harold loves Maude." She looks up. Harold is blushing.
93) 18) dialog: (softly) And Maude loves Harold. They both smile at each other.
93) 19) dialog: Ohhhhh! This is the nicest present I've received in years. She kisses it and tosses it happily into the ocean. She turns back to Harold. His face is one of disbelief. He looks out to the ocean and then back to Maude. He begins to form the word "Why?"
93) 20) dialog: So I'll always know where it is. Harold accepts that. Women, after all, are strange creatures. Maude smiles.
93) 22) dialog: (continuing) Come. Give me your arm. Let's go see the fireworks Harold offers his arm and they walk off down the pier.
94) 0) text: The beautiful burst of a skyrocket. INT. MAUDE'S APARTMENT вЂ” NIGHT Harold and Maude sit at the piano. They are playing in duet the Love Waltz that they danced to. At the con- clusion they congratulate themselves delightedly. Harold gestures to the top of the piano.
94) 2) dialog: I took them out.
94) 4) dialog: They mocked me. They were representations of people I dearly loved yet they knew these people were gradually fading from me, and that in time all I would have left would be vague feelings - but sharp photographs! So I tossed them out. My memory fades, I know. But I prefer pictures made by me with feeling, and not by Kodak with silver nitrate.
94) 6) dialog: Well, let me see. goes to the end of the bed and from beneath it, pulls an old box. She opens it and looks about.
94) 7) dialog: I have something somewhere. Let me see. takes out some papers.
94) 8) dialog: (continuing) Oh, yes. Here. Take this. pulls a photo from a document and hands it to Harold.
94) 9) dialog: (continuing) It's off my American visa. They both sit on the edge of the bed. The fire burns in the fireplace in front of them.
94) 11) dialog: Harold, that picture is almost twenty-five years old.
94) 15) dialog: I was remembering how much this meant to me. It was after the war... I had nothing... except my life. How different I was then - and yet how the same.
94) 17) dialog: Oh, Harold. You are so young. She strokes his hair. The tears continue to fall.
94) 18) dialog: (continuing) What have they taught you? Yes. I cry. I cry for you. I cry for this. (the visa) I cry at beauty - a first snow, a rose, a sunset. As she talks through her tears, Harold is very moved. He takes her hand.
94) 19) dialog: (continuing) I cry when a man tortures his brother... when he repents and begs forgiveness... when forgiveness is refused... and haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 87/105 3/6/12 138 139 142 143 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt when it is granted. To cry is to laugh. To laugh is to cry . a uniquely human trait. And the main thing in life, my dear Harold, is not to be afraid to be human. They sit facing each other on the end of the bed. We see from the bed the fire glowing behind them. Harold brushes the tears from her eyes. He leans forward and kisses her lightly on the lips. They part for a moment. Then both lean forward and kiss again, break and fall back onto the bed and OUT OF CAMERA. The CAMERA ZOOMS SLOWLY FORWARD into the fire. HOLD.
94) 22) dialog: together in a Ferris Wheel as it begins to rise to the heights.
94) 24) dialog: on a roller coaster as it speeds around a curve and plunges downhill. As it speeds around another curve we burst into:
94) 26) dialog: lying on the grass, looking up at the fireworks reflected in their faces. Their heads are nestled against each haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 88/105 3/6/12 144 146 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt other's shoulders. They look at each other and smile. Harold lifts his outside arm and lays it around his head. Maude puts her outside hand in his. They hold this position and stare into each other's eyes, as the CAMERA BEGINS A VERTICAL RISE.
95) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of a hand picking cigarette ash into an ash- tray. We PAN over and see that it is Harold sitting up in bed, bare-chested, casually smoking. He takes a deep drag and blows the smoke out in a manner that is decidedl sexual. He smiles and looks down to his left. We PAN OVER to include Maude lying beside him, the covers demurely pulled up to her chin. She catches Harold's smile and blushes coyly.
100) 0) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 91/105. 3/6/12 152 153 154 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt It is the same little old priest we have met earlier He sits at his desk and addresses the camera like a TV audience. A picture of the Pope is over his right shoulder; a picture of Jesus Christ over his left.
103) 0) text: In the hallway Harold and Maude are giggling as Harold finishes putting a blindfold around Maude's eyes.
103) 2) dialog: Oh, I love surprises! Makes me feel so - chiffon!
104) 0) text: The door opens and Harold leads in Maude. He stands Maude in front of the CAMERA and with theatrical bravado removes the handkerchief. She blinks and looks around. A radiant joy fills her face.
104) 3) dialog: 
104) 4) dialog: Oh, Harold, it is dazzling. They are all so... so beautiful! Harold begins humming the Love Waltz.
104) 7) dialog: Oh, you've thought of everyt. And champagne.
104) 10) dialog: Oh, Harold. (fluttery laugh)
104) 14) dialog: Oh, I am happy, Harold. Ecstatically happy. I couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell.
104) 16) dialog: Why yes. It's my eightieth birthday.
104) 18) dialog: Oh yes, dear. I took the pills an hour ago. I should be gone by midnight.
104) 20) dialog: She smiles.
105) 0) text: With SIRENS WAILING, an ambulance tears around a corner. Cars pull over as it speeds down the street. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 95/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
106) 0) text: Maude is lying down. She holds the daisy in her hand. She would be perfectly happy but for her concern over Harold, who is highly overwrought and crying desperately. He is kneeling beside her. The SIRENS WAIL loudly outside.
106) 1) dialog: Oh, Harold! What a fuss this is. (fluttery laugh) So unnecessary.
106) 3) dialog: But, Harold, we begin to die as soon as we are born. What is so strange about death? It's no surprise. It's part of life. It's change.
106) 5) dialog: I thought eighty was a good round number. She giggles.
106) 6) dialog: (continuing) I feel giddy.
106) 8) dialog: Oh, Harold, don't upset yourself so.
106) 10) dialog: (smiles warmly) haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 96/105. 3/6/12 164 165 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt "And this too shall pass away."
106) 12) dialog: Oh! That's wonderful, Harold. Go - and love some more.
107) 0) text: The ambulance SCREAMS in and stops. The two attendants open up the back. They slide Maude onto a gurney and wheel her toward the door.
107) 2) dialog: Hold on? Hold on? (fluttery laugh) Oh, Harold, how absurd. Harold goes to push open the doors. They open auto- matically. Maude is wheeled through.
108) 0) text: A feisty, old, redheaded NURSE is explaining operations to a rather simpleminded STUDENT NURSE. A GANGLING INTERN with horn-rimmed glasses looks on. Maude enters on the gurney. The ambulance men move off to the back counter and talk as they fill out their forms. Harold is almost hysterical. Maude, on the other hand, is very calm. She holds the daisy and hums to herself Maude's Song. (NOTE: This scene goes very fast with much of the dialogue dovetailed and ad libs overlapping in the background.)
108) 7) dialog: Chardin. Dame Marjorie. But you may call me Maude.
108) 11) dialog: Eighty. It's my birthday.
108) 13) dialog: No. I don't think so.
108) 16) dialog: Delighted! I like your hair so much. She signs.
108) 20) dialog: Well, not dying, actually. I'm changing. You know, like from winter to spring. Of course, it is a big step to take.
108) 27) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 99/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Insurance against what?
108) 35) dialog: I'm retired.
108) 40) dialog: Humanity... She holds the daisy in her hand. She waves to Harold as they push her through the doors.
108) 41) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 100/105. 3/6/12 168 170 173 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Farewell, Harold. It's been all such fun. The doors swing shut. She is gone. Harold stands alone.
110) 2) text: The doctor comes up to speak to him. The doctor shakes his head. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 101/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
114) 2) text: We see dirt and grass race beneath us - haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 103/105 3/6/12 195 200 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt We bump over rocks -
116) 1) text: Gradually the fire dies down. Suddenly we hear the fumbled pluckings of Maude's Song on a banjo. It stops.