1) 0) text: The CAMERA is at floor level. A young man enters but we see only his shoes and the cuffs of his pants. We TRACK with him as he walks across the room and stops at a recor player. Pause. We HEAR a record drop and begin playing a light classical melody. The SUPERIMPOSED TITLES BEGIN. After a moment the feet move off and we TRACK with them, past a low table, and around a couch to the window curtai The feet pause there for a moment. A piece of heavy window cord drops INTO FRAME. We FOLLOW as it is dragged along to the low table. Then the feet move over to a larg ornate desk. The cord is pulled up OUT OF FRAME. Pause. The feet walk over to a chair by the wall. It is picked up, carried to the center of the room, and carefully placed. Pause. The feet get up onto the chair and the CAMERA RISES to their level. They shuffle about for a moment. At an appropriate musical break the CREDITS STOP. Suddenly the feet knock over the chair and drop into space. They kick about for a bit, then go slack and still The FINAL CREDITS are SUPERED OVER the suspended appendag while the music comes to a lilting conclusion. As we HEAR the record player turn itself off, the CAMERA BEGINS a half circle tour around the hanging feet and stops at the heels. Pause. Outside we HEAR a woman's footsteps approaching and we change focus as the door to the den opens. Through the blurred hanging feet we see a tall, middle-aged, fashionably dressed woman enter and we PAN with her as she walks to the desk. This is MRS. CHASEN. She seems rather tired and preoccupied as she begins to remove her long white gloves. Slowly the CAMERA BEGINS a vertical rise up the side of the hanging corpse until we are watching Mrs. Chasen over his left shoulder. The rope and his stretched neck frame the right side of the SCREEN We hold. Mrs. Chasen puts down her gloves and looks up. (NOTE: THE ABOVE IS ALL ONE CONTINUOUS SHOT.)
2) 0) text: CLOSEUP of Mrs. Chasen as she first sees the body. She is slightly startled.
4) 0) dialog: She stares at the body for several beats and then with weary exasperation sits down at the desk and dials the telephone. As she waits for an answer, she looks up at th hanging body.
4) 1) dialog: I suppose you think this is very funny, Harold.
4) 3) dialog: Her party answers and she speaks into the phone.
4) 4) dialog: Hello. Fay, darling. Be a dear and cancel my appointment with Rene this afternoon. Yes, I know he'll be furious, but I've had the most trying day, and with guests coming this evening... Would you? Oh, that's sweet. Tell him I promise to be in Tuesday... for a rinse. Thank you, Fay. You're a darling. Yes. Yes. Bye. She replaces the receiver, stands up, takes her purse and gloves, and leaves the room, saying:
4) 5) dialog: Dinner at eight, Harold... At the door she stops and turns.
4) 6) dialog: And try to be a little more
5) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen is seated at the head of the table entertaini eight to ten guests. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 2/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx They are all in evening clothes and are laughing as Mrs. Chasen in a dress of white ostrich feathers continues a witty story.
5) 1) dialog: Needless to say, the first time i happened I was absolutely abashed. I was so shook I needed three tranquilizers to calm me down. Well, you can imagine. Suicide notes all over the house - "Goodbye," "Farewell," "Arrivederci." Other children pretend to run away from home, but Harold - he's so dramatic. Everyone laughs. The CAMERA BEGINS PULLING BACK and PANNING past the guests till we come to Harold sitting morosely at the other end of the table. He listlessly toy with his food as his mother continues.
5) 2) dialog: Of course, Harold's father had a similar sense of the absurd. I remember once in Paris he stepped out for cigarettes and the next I hear he's arrested for floating nude down the Seine - experimenting in river currents with a pair of yellow rubber water wings. Well, that cost quite a little bit of "enfluence" and "d'argent" to hush up, I can tell you. Harold, dear, stop playing with your food. Don't you feel well?
5) 4) dialog: Well, I want you to go to bed directly after dinner. You know how susceptible you are to colds. Harold has always been a delicate child. Even as a baby he seemed to be abnormally prone to illness - Harold, dear, eat up your beets...
6) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen sitting before her vanity table, humming to herself as she readies herself for bed. She wears a night gown, a cover for her hair, and she has just finished putting on several different face creams. She gets up, walks over to the bathroom, and opens the door. Blood is everywhere -- on the walls, the floor, the mirror - and i the tub is Harold, his throat slit and his wrists drippin blood onto the razor on the tile floor. The effect is one of instant shock. Mrs. Chasen screams and backs up in horror. Sobbing hysterically, she clutches her robe about her and rushes from the room crying.
6) 1) dialog: Oh! No! Oh! No! I can't stand it. My God! This is too much. This is too much to bear!
6) 2) text: The CAMERA WATCHES Mrs. Chasen run off and then swings ba to Harold in the tub.
8) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen decked out in a fashionable black bikini, cra glasses, and an enormous sun hat, walks down the garden steps to the pool. Over this and the end of the above we HEAR her voice. MRS. CHASEN (v.o.) Hello, Fay, darling. Be an absolute dear and cancel my appointment with Rene this afternoon. Oh, I know, but Wednesday morning would be so much more convenient. Oh, you are an angel. Yes. Yes. Bye. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 5/105 3/6/12 15 16 17 18 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Mrs. Chasen has now reached the poolside. As she walks around it we PAN with her and discover Harold, fully clothed, floating face downward on the still surface. Mrs Chasen does not see him and walks into the pool house.
9) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen walks down the steps of the pool house and ov to the bar. Behind the bar is an underwater viewing window into the pool. She stops and looks up through the window.
9) 2) dialog: Mrs. Chasen sighs, yanks a cord, and the venetian blinds come noisily down cutting off Harold from view.
16) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen opens the front door and is saying farewell t haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 8/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx two lady friends, the same kind of chic sophisticates as she is. Just then a hearse pulls into the driveway passes them, and parks by the garage. The two women are somewhat stunned. Harold gets out of the hearse and goes into the backyard. The two women look to Mrs. Chasen for some explanation. Mrs. Chasen smiles lamely.
17) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen is addressing a seated and mute Harold.
17) 1) dialog: Why you purchased that monstrous thing is totally beyond me. You can have any car you want - a Porsche, a Jaguar, a nice little MG roadster - but that ugly, black horror is an eyesore and an embarrassment. Really, Harold, you are no longer a child. It's time for you to settle down and stop flitting away your talents on these amateur theatrics - your little "divertissements" - no matter how psychologically purging they may be. I don't know what to do.
18) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen continues.
18) 1) dialog: Go have a talk with your Uncle Victor. Perhaps he can fathom you. After all, he was General Bradley's right hand man.
19) 6) dialog: I only have a few minutes, Harold, but I do want to inform you of my decision. There is no doubt that it is time for you to settle down and begin thinking about your future. You have led a very carefree, idle, happy life up to the present - the life of a child. But it is time now to put away childish things and take on adult haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt about activating some weird mechanism which snaps up his empty sleeve into a natty salute. A pause. The sleeve smartly refolds and he turns to Harold. Chasen is going out, but she comes in to talk to Harold. 10/105 3/6/12 31 32 33 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt responsibilities. We would all like to sail through life with no thought of tomorrow. But that cannot be. We have our duty. Our obligations. Our principles. In short, Harold, I think it is time you got married.
23) 1) dialog: I have here, Harold, the forms sent out by the National Computer Dating Service. It seems to me that as you do not get along with the daughters of my friends this is the best way for you to find a prospective wife. Harold starts to say something.
23) 2) dialog: (continuing) Please, Harold, we have a lot to do and I have to be at the hairdresser's at three. (she looks over the papers) The Computer Dating Service offers you at least three dates haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 15/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt on the initial investment. They screen out the fat and ugly so it is obviously a firm of high standards. I'm sure they can find you at least one girl who is compatible. Now first, here is the personality interview which you are to fill out and return. There are fifty questions with five possible responses to check... "A - Absolutely Yes, B - Yes, C - Not sure, D - No, E - Absolutely No." Are you ready, Harold? The first question is "Are you uncomfortable meeting new people?" Well, I think that's a "yes." Don't you agree, Harold? Even an "Absolutely yes." We'll put down "A" on that. Now, number two. "Do you believe it is acceptable for women to initiate dates with men?" Well, absolutely. Mark " on that. "Three - Should sex education be taught outside the home?" I would say no, wouldn't you, Harold? Give a "D" there.
23) 5) dialog: "Four - Do you often invite friends to your home?" Now, you never do, Harold. Absolutely no. "Five - Do you enjoy participating in clubs and social organizations?" You don't, do you? Absolutely no. "Six - Do you enjoy spending a lot of time by yourself?" Absolutely yes. Mark "A." "Seven - Should women run for President of the United States?" I don't see why not. Absolutely yes. "Eight вЂ” Do you have ups and downs without obvious reason?" You do, don't you, Harold? Absolutely yes. "Nine - Do you remember jokes and take pleasure in relating them to others?" You don't, do you, Harold? Absolutely no. "Ten - Do you often get the feeling that perhaps life isn't worth living?" Hmm. What do you think, Harold? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 16/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx Harold looks blankly back at his mother.
23) 6) dialog: (continuing) "A"? "B"2 We'll put down "C" - "Not sure." "Eleven - Is the subject of sex being over-exploited by our mass media?" That would have to be "Yes," wouldn't it? "Twelve - Do you think judges favor some lawyers?" Yes, I suppose they do. "Thirteen - .... Harold sits passively in his chair. Slowly he draws a revolver from his pocket. As his mother rattles on he ver deliberately loads the bullets one by one into the chambe
23) 8) dialog: Is it difficult for you to accept criticism?" Nooo. We'll mark "D." "Fourteen - Do you sometimes have headaches or back aches after a difficult day?" Yes, I do indeed. "Fifteen - Do you go to sleep easily?" I'd say so. "Sixteen - Do you believe in capital punishment for murder?" Oh, yes. "Seventeen - Do you believe churches have a strong influence to upgrade the general morality?" - yes, again. "Eighteen - In your opinion are social affairs usually a waste of time?" Heavens, no! "Nineteen - Can God influence our lives?" Yes. Absolutely yes. "Twenty - Have you ever crossed the street to avoid meeting someone?" Well, I'm sure you have, haven't you, Harold? "Twenty-one - Would you prefer to be with a group of people rather than alone?" That's you, Harold. "Twenty-two - Is it acceptable for a schoolteacher to smoke or drink in public?" Well, with reservation. Mark "B." "Twenty-three..." Having finished loading the gun, Harold cocks it and, looking at his mother, slowly lifts it up.
23) 9) dialog: Does your personal religion or philosophy include a life after death?" Oh, yes, indeed. That's "Absolutely." "Twenty-four - Did you enjoy life when you were a child?" Oh, yes. You were a wonderful baby, Harold. "Twenty-
23) 10) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 17/105 3/6/12 46 47 48 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt five..." The gun is pointing at his mother. Slowly Harold turns it till it is pointing directly into his face. He pulls the trigger. A burst of blood and a loud EXPLOSION. He and the chair are blown over backward OUT OF FRAME. SOUNDS of crashing furniture and breaking china. Mrs. Chasen remains impervious to it all.
23) 11) dialog: "Do you think the sexual revolution has gone too far?" It certainly seems to have. "TwentyвЂ” six... The last crash - a tottering lamp falls. Mrs. Chasen look up peeved.
23) 12) dialog: Harold! Please! (beat) "Should evolution be taught in our public schools?!"
34) 0) text: All the lights are on showing a room cluttered with books guns and swords on the walls, small bits of odd machinery a chemistry workbench, a school pennant, some trophies, some models, a chess set, etc. HAROLD (v.o.) Oh, all my things - incidental but not integral, if you know what I mean. We PAN over individual items - the chemistry set, pool floats, a small oxygen cylinder, the rope and body harnes he used to hang himself in the first scene, a large bottl of Max Factor blood, a portrait of Lon Chaney as "The Phantom of the Opera." We come to a silver serving dish with a large silver cove over it. A hand comes into frame and removes the cover. On the dish is Harold's severed head. The hands pick up haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 26/105 3/6/12 60 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt the head. We TILT UP and see it is Harold. He takes the dummy head over to his dresser, combs the hair and picks off the latex blood, and then takes it to the center of t room, where a headless dummy sits in a chair. Harold scre the head onto the dummy. It doesn't fit very well. He fiddles with it a moment but he is not satisfied. He goes to his closet and looks into a box of tools and things. He takes a meat cleaver out but he is still looking for something else. There is a knock on the door and Mrs. Chasen in evening clothes enters. Harold turns to come ou of the closet but he hears his mother addressing the dumm
34) 1) dialog: Now listen, Harold, I have here the three girls sent out by the Computer Dating Service. She shuffles through three IBM cards in her hand.
34) 2) dialog: (continuing) I've phoned them up and invited each of them to have lunch with us before you take them out. The first one is coming tomorrow at one. Luncheon at two. Harold stands with the meat cleaver in his hand behind th closet door. He listens blankly.
34) 3) dialog: (still talking to the dummy) Now I want you to act like a gentleman and make this girl feel at home. Well, I'm off to the ballet with the Fergusons. I only hope they can maneuver round that great black thing in the driveway. (she pauses) You look a little pale, Harold. (she opens the door) You get a good night's sleep. After all you want to look your best for tomorrow. (she exits) Harold hears the door shut. He ponders his fate for a moment. He leans around the door and looks at the dummy. He thinks. He gives it up. He goes back in the closet to find whatever he was looking for.
35) 0) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 27/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx Mrs. Chasen opens the front door, revealing a cute, typical American co-ed. This is CANDY GULF.
35) 2) dialog: How do you do. I'm Mrs. Chasen. Come in. Candy comes in and Mrs. Chasen closes the door.
35) 3) dialog: (continuing) Harold is out in the garden. He'll be in in a moment. Let's go into the den.
36) 0) text: Candy and Mrs. Chasen enter.
36) 1) dialog: You are at the University, Candy?
36) 3) dialog: And what are you studying?
36) 5) dialog: Eh, Poli Sci?
36) 7) dialog: Oh, there's Harold now. Candy and Mrs. Chasen look out the French window. wave. Harold waves back and leaves. Candy and Mrs. sit down. Candy faces the window; Mrs. Chasen has her back to it.
36) 9) dialog: Yes, that's good planning. Tell me, are you a regular, Candy, in this computer club? We see out the window that Harold has come back. He carri a large can marked Kerosene. Candy sees him but returns her attention to answering Mrs. Chasen.
36) 11) dialog: I think I should mention, Candy, that Harold does have his eccentric moments.
36) 13) dialog: Yes. I'm sure it must have been very funny. Candy jumps up, pointing out the window behind Mrs. Chase
36) 15) dialog: Yes, dear. Here is Harold now. Harold enters from the side door.
36) 16) dialog: (continuing) Candy, this is Harold. Candy is momentarily stunned. Harold nods his greetings.
36) 17) dialog: Candy was just telling a funny story about Walter Cronkite. Candy begins hysterical babbling and collapses. INT. MAUDE'S APARTMENT вЂ” DAY The front door opens slowly and Harold enters.
56) 1) dialog: Harold! Harold! Ah, there you are. I have a little present for you. A surprise. Come with me. They both go off toward the garage.
57) 0) text: They both come around the corner and Mrs. Chasen gestures dramatically in front of her.
57) 1) dialog: There!
58) 1) dialog: Isn't that darling? I had them tow off that black monstrous thing of haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 46/105 3/6/12 91 92 93 94 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt yours and had them send this around instead. It's so much more appropriate for you, don't you think? Harold starts to say something.
58) 2) dialog: (continuing) One more thing, Harold. I've talked on the phone with your second computer date and she seems a very nice, quiet girl. Not at all hysterical like the first one. Nevertheless I want you to be on your best behavior when she comes tomorrow and make her feel at home. (she looks at the car before leaving) Cute little thing, isn't it? I like it very much. (she exits) Harold stands for a moment looking at the MG. He makes a decision.
73) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen and EDITH FERN come out of the house and walk toward the garage area. Edith, the second computer date, is short, mousy, and looks like a female Don Knotts. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 61/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
73) 1) dialog: This way, Edith. Harold is out by the garage. He has a new car and he has been tuning it up. He's very mechanical.
74) 1) dialog: It's a little MG roadster... She stops dead in her tracks at what she sees.
74) 6) dialog: (continuing despite the blow) Edith, I'd like you to meet my son, Harold. Harold, this is Edith... eh?
74) 8) dialog: Harold, I think you should go and wash up and meet us in the den. And remember what I said to you. Let's make Edith feel at home.
75) 0) text: Edith and Mrs. Chasen are seated having coffee. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 62/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
75) 1) dialog: And what do you do, my dear?
75) 3) dialog: How interesting.
75) 5) dialog: Oh. Well, what is it exactly that you do?
75) 7) dialog: Yes. She sips hers. Harold enters.
75) 8) dialog: Here's Harold now. No, don't get up. Edith sits. Harold sits. A pause.
75) 9) dialog: (continuing) Edith was just telling me about her job.
75) 11) dialog: Yes. Henderson Feed and Grain.
75) 13) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 63/105 3/6/12 115 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt She supplies the whole southwest with chicken feed.
76) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen is talking to Harold.
76) 1) dialog: Harold, I cannot impress upon you too strongly the importance of this meeting. She is the last girl. The Computer Dating Company was reluctant to send anyone in view of what they've heard. Fortunately, I was able to demand they stand by their haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 67/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx original agreement. But kindly remember this is your third and final chance. The doorbell rings.
76) 2) dialog: Here she is, now. Please try to take this seriously, if not for your sake, at least for hers. Mrs. Chasen leaves. Harold grits his teeth, and breathes deeply. He is going to try. He goes to a mirror and straightens his tie. He hears approaching voices and he turns to greet them. Mrs. Chasen enters with SUNSHINE DORE, a stringy, haired actress. Harold goes up to meet her. MRS. CHASEN. Harold, I'd like you to meet eh, Sunshine Dore. Sunshine's an actress.
76) 7) dialog: Well, I'll leave you two alone for a moment. I have to call my hairdresser. I'll bring back some drinks. Harold, perhaps Starlight would like a cigarette.
76) 38) dialog: Harold! That was your last date!
76) 42) dialog: She is thoroughly steamed up. She makes a decision.
81) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen stands before a seated Harold looking like a queen about to proclaim banishment. (As we DOLLY into her during her speech, we hear the hint of a DRUM ROLL.)
81) 1) dialog: In view of your recent actions, Harold, I find you have left me with no recourse but to listen to the solution proposed by your uncle. Consequently, I have instructed him to take the necessary measures for you to be forthwith inducted into the service, and, for your own good, to take up active duty with the United States Army. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 72/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx Harold is thunderstruck - and scared.
81) 2) dialog: (continuing) I hope they will have more luck with you than I.
96) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen is on the phone.
96) 1) dialog: Fay, darling, I know Rene will be furious but if you knew what I've had to put up with in the last couple of days... Harold enters.
96) 3) dialog: Not now, Harold... (into the phone) You can't put me down for Monday?
96) 5) dialog: Harold, please! I'm on the phone. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 89/105. 3/6/12 148 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt
96) 7) dialog: Fay, I'll call you back. (she hangs up) What did you say?
96) 9) dialog: (pause) To whom?
96) 11) dialog: I suppose you think this is very funny, Harold.
96) 13) dialog: A sunflower? She hands Harold back the wallet. It is indeed the picture of a large sunflower, clipped from a dealer's catalog. Harold, a little ruffled, finds the correct photo of Maude and hands it to his mother. Mrs. Chasen examines it. She squints her eyes to clear her vision and looks again.
96) 14) dialog: (in a strained voice) You can't be serious?
97) 0) text: Mrs. Chasen is lying on the couch. She turns to the psychiatrist.
97) 1) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 90/105 3/6/12 150 151 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt He's serious.
102) 0) text: The CLOSEUP HAROLD in Shot 152 is PULLED BACK to include Mrs. Chasen.
102) 1) dialog: Love? Love? What do you know about her? Where does she come from? Where did you meet her?
102) 3) dialog: Oh... That's wonderful... I haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 92/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx get an eighty-year-old pallbearer for a daughter-in-law! Be reasonable, Harold! You're dealing with your life! What will people say?!
102) 5) dialog: You don't care! "Miss Shroud of 1890 Weds the Boy of a Thousand Deaths!" Listen to me... Harold gets up to go.
102) 6) dialog: What are you doing, Harold? You can't leave me. She follows him to the door.
102) 7) dialog: (continuing) Where are you going? He turns at the door.
102) 9) dialog: Harold! A pause.
102) 10) dialog: (continuing; quietly) This is insane.