15) 0) text: CLOSER SHOTS of the mourners sobbing and the priest pray- ing. We come to Harold who has a look of gentle fascina- tion. The service is concluding. Harold looks up across the grave. A hundred yards away on the cemetery bench sits an old woman eating a tangerine. This is MAUDE. Harold stares at her. She seems to be having some kind of happy picnic. She looks over towards him. He quickly returns his attention to the burial.
20) 0) text: PAN DOWN from the stained glass window of a church. The organ is playing softly. The PRIEST, a silver haired man rapidly approaching dotage, is in the pulpit.
20) 1) dialog: And so dear brethren, let us pray to the Lord, King of Glory, that He may bless and deliver all souls of the faithful departed from the pains of hell and the bottomless pit, deliver them from the lion's mouth and the darkness therein, but rather bring them to the bliss of heaven, the holy light, and eternal rest. During the above we PULL BACK to reveal an open coffin an a church spreckled with a few mourners in black. Con- spicuous in an empty pew is Harold. The priest goes to the altar and mumbles the dull ritual. The small congregation responds. Harold sits quietly enjoying it all. VOICE (o.s.) Psst! Harold, startled, looks over to his left.
20) 7) dialog: The priest moans on.
21) 3) dialog: In the same rhythm we have a FIFTH CUT - the returning priest who is dropped dead by what he sees.
22) 16) dialog: (totally mystified) That woman... She took my car.
26) 0) text: Harold is walking by the road. The funeral in the back- ground is over but we see the priest coming toward him. haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 18/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.tx
26) 1) dialog: Eh, my boy. A moment, please. Who was that old lady waving to you earlier? Just then Maude drives up in Harold's hearse. She stops.
26) 3) dialog: Ah! There you are, madam. Were not you the lady who drove my car off yesterday?
26) 5) dialog: Yes.
26) 8) dialog: Were you also the one who painted the statues?
26) 10) dialog: Well, I didn't.
26) 12) dialog: But wait... Maude waves and drives off with her usual screeching star
100) 0) text: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 91/105. 3/6/12 152 153 154 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt It is the same little old priest we have met earlier He sits at his desk and addresses the camera like a TV audience. A picture of the Pope is over his right shoulder; a picture of Jesus Christ over his left.
100) 1) dialog: (very reasoned and slow) Now, Harold, the Church has nothing against the union of the old and the young. Each age has its own beauty. But a marital union is concerned with the conjugal rights. And the procreation of children. I would be remiss in my duties if I did not tell you that the idea of -- (he swallows) - intercourse - the fact of your young, firm -- (growing disturbed) - body commingling with the withered flesh, sagging breasts, and flabby buttocks - makes me -- (falls apart) - want to vomit.
101) 2) text: of Uncle Victor, the psychiatrist, and the priest, as they register a chagrined reaction to Harold.