17) 4) dialog: I'd put him in the Army, Helen.
19) 0) text: UNCLE VICTOR, a bluff, hearty, totally military man, is a one star general with an amputated right arm. Harold sits before him.
19) 1) dialog: Harold, your mother has briefed me on your situation and there is no doubt in my mind of the requisite necessary action. If it was up to haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 9/105 3/6/12 30 He pulls his lanyard, haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt me I'd process your file and ship you off to boot camp tomorrow. Your mother, however, is adamant. She does not want you in the Army and insists on my holding on to your draft records. But what do you say, Harold? (he begins a selling job) It's a great life. Action! Adventure! Advising. See war - firsthand! Plenty of slant-eyed girls. It will make a man out of you, Harold. You'll travel the world. Put on the uniform and take on a man's job. Walk tall! - with a glint in your eye, a spring in your step, and the knowledge in your heart that you are - (he gestures to a poster of bullet-вЂ” blazing Marines) - working for peace, and - are serving your country.
19) 3) dialog: (continuing) Like Nathan Hale. That's what this country needs - more Nathan Hales.
19) 4) dialog: (softly) And, Harold, I think I can see a little Nathan Hale in you.
75) 19) dialog: I'd put him in the Army, Helen.
76) 45) dialog: I'd put him in the Army, Helen.
83) 0) text: Uncle Victor and Harold are seated in the back of the General's military limousine. As they ride along, Uncle Victor is being very expansive. Harold is being unusually attentive.
83) 1) dialog: Harold, I want you to look at me like your father in this matter. We'll spend the day just getting to know each other. Now, I know that you have no great desire to join the Army. Hell, I felt the same way myself when I started out. But believe me, Harold, once you get to know it, you'll love it. It's a great life. Look at me. A chauffeur. Respect. Money in the bank. (he looks at his empty sleeve) It has its drawbacks. Like anything else, I suppose. But haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt
83) 6) dialog: Good idea of yours to come out here, Harold. It's a lovely spot.
83) 8) dialog: Call me "sir," Harold. First thing you learn in the Army - an officer deserves your respect.
83) 10) dialog: Perfectly lovely. You know, this is what we're defending. Everything that's good and beautiful in the American way of life. Oh, there's some nut peace petitioner over there. Let's go off this way. Those crazy Commie bastards. I don't know why we tolerate 'em. Parasites. Harold looks over toward the peace petitioner.
84) 1) dialog: Let's examine the facts on it. I say this country has been too harsh in its outright condemnation of war. I say you can point to many material advantages brought about by a crisis and conflict policy. Hell, World War II gave us the ballpoint pen. That's common knowledge.
84) 6) dialog: Is that a fact? Well, that fits in right along with everything I've been saying. War is not all black.
85) 1) dialog: And so I ask you - why the hell did we give up on the Germans? Those damn politicians in Washington chalked them up on our side and the wars ever since have been a national disgrace. Hell, look at history. The two best wars this country has fought were against the Jerries. Now I say, get the Krauts on the other side of the fence where they belong, and let's get back to the kind of enemy worth killing and the kind of war this whole country can support.
85) 3) dialog: Well, Harold, I've always been a man who speaks his mind. It's hurt me. I'm not liked in Washington. I know that. But I do have friends in high places. They walk off toward the reservoir.
86) 1) dialog: They came at me from all sides, hundreds of 'em. We kept firing - haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt
86) 4) dialog: Well, you'll soon have stories like that to tell of your own.
86) 6) dialog: Sure. Be able to tell your children. Something for them to look up to. Be proud of.
86) 8) dialog: It's the greatest excitement in the world.
86) 10) dialog: That's right.
86) 12) dialog: The moment of truth.
86) 15) dialog: Yes.
86) 20) dialog: Oh, sure. A variety of weapons.
86) 22) dialog: Oh sure.
86) 24) dialog: Yes.
86) 26) dialog: Eh?
86) 28) dialog: Well, I don't...
86) 30) dialog: Harold, I think you're getting carried away here.
86) 32) dialog: haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt nto a state of catatonic excitement.
86) 35) dialog: Harold!
86) 38) dialog: Harold! That's disgusting!
86) 40) dialog: Who are you?
86) 43) dialog: Harold!
86) 47) dialog: Harold, calm down! This is...
86) 52) dialog: Lady, please. Harold...
86) 56) dialog: Stay where you are, Harold
86) 59) dialog: Lady, please. Give back the head and let's have no trouble. Harold makes a grab for the head and Maude conks him with her umbrella. She turns and runs. Harold picks up the peace sign and wielding it like a club follows haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 80/105. 3/6/12 1271 127d
86) 64) dialog: On his face the shocking revelation that his nephew is a mental deficient.
98) 0) text: Uncle Victor sits at his desk. A picture of the Presi- dent of the United States is over his right shoulder. He is addressing the camera as the President addresses the nation.
98) 1) dialog: (a painful confrontation) Harold, your mother has spoken to me about your marriage plan, and though normally I have nothing against marriage, I don't think this is eh... quite normal. Now, I don't want to remind you of the unpleasant ident that occurred the other day. I think it is best if we consider that forgotten. But I do think that it would be wisest for you not to leave the house or indulge in any kind of activity that would be newsworthy. This marriage would attract attention, and, frankly Harold, I don't think you need a wife. You need a nurse.
101) 2) text: of Uncle Victor, the psychiatrist, and the priest, as they register a chagrined reaction to Harold.