3) 9) text: INT. ARCANA CABANA -— CONTINUOUS Turns out "unusual" is an understatement. The shop is nar but deep, and packed with all manner of strange objects: An EGYPTIAN MUMMY CASE...weird EXPRESSIONISTIC PAINTINGS. CALIGARI-ESQUE FURNITURE...a yellow-eyed STUFFED OWL that casts weird, animated shadows on the wall... Dave FEELS SOMEONE WATCHING HIM, whirls around to see -- A_MACABRE URN. Two feet tall, it looks hand-painted by Hieronymus Bosch: TORMENTED SOULS and terrifying MONSTER writhe in agony in a nightmare landscape... Dave is about to touch the urn's ornate lid when -- A HAND snatches his wrist! Dave GASPS, looks up to see... BALTHAZAR BLAKE (40) knows how to make an entrance. Tall grim, eyes ringed in black, he wears a long black coat ad with cryptic ALCHEMICAL SYMBOLS. A goth-rock Lord Byron.. And as Byron himself was once described, Balthazar gives impression of being "mad, bad and dangerous to know."
3) 10) dialog: (off the urn) You break that one and we both buy it. (releases Dave's hand) Looking for something in particular?
3) 12) dialog: This jar held the hearts of Antony and Cleopatra for a thousand years...until they turned to dust. Dave smiles awkwardly, unsure how to respond.
3) 13) dialog: What, a jar stuffed with the disembodied hearts of history's greatest lovers not romantic enough for you? Gee, I'm sorry, I'm fresh out of promise rings!
3) 20) dialog: (knowingly) Yeah...look at that. Balthazar looks up, stares intently at Dave, appraising h
3) 21) dialog: I do have another ring... Balthazar goes to the front window and grabs the unusual DRAGON RING we saw earlier. He holds out the ring to Dave
3) 22) dialog: Go ahead...try it on. Dave stares at the ring, feels its strange pull...then se Balthazar standing over him, staring like a madman. Dave gasps, steps back -- right into a GLASS CISTERN that CRASHES to the floor! Water and glass go flying. Dave loo up in horror as Balthazar advances.
3) 24) dialog: The last drops of water from the Lost City of Atlantis? Gee, what do you think, Dave?!
3) 26) dialog: Show me your hands. Dave stammers, confused.
3) 27) dialog: Show me your hands!
3) 30) dialog: I want the floor shined, the shelves dusted and the windows spotless. The cobwebs stay. Dave bolts for the door but the DEADBOLT has been locked a key. He BANGS on the door in vain. ON THE STAIRS -- Balthazar drops a KEY in his pocket.
3) 31) dialog: I'll be in my study.
3) 42) dialog: Bad news? You just freed Maxim Horvath, one of the deadliest - sorcerers in history... Dave stares in shock as Balthazar vaults the rail and gra large, ancient tome off the shelf -- THE ENCANTUS.
3) 43) dialog: Good news? Only a sorcerer could open that doll. In other words -- Balthazar hands the book to Dave, who buckles under its weight. Balthazar grins.
3) 44) dialog: -- I just found my new apprentice. Dave stares in horror, unable to imagine worse news than
3) 45) dialog: (off the Encantus) Your homework. Learn it. 9. WHAM!!! AN INVISIBLE FORCE ripples through the air, knock Balthazar into the wall, cratering it. A CONCUSSION BLAST
3) 48) dialog: Whatever you do, keep this safe...NOW GET OUT OF HERE!!! A FAST AND FURIOUS BRAWL erupts in the shop -- and Dave i caught in the middle! As he ducks for cover we catch FLEE GLIMPSES of PLASMA BOLTS and ANTIQUES large and small fly across the room. Dave is panicked.
13) 10) dialog: Unnnfff£!!! Balthazar hangs on as the urn SHATTERS on the sidewalk, j missing the PEDESTRIANS who now look up to see -- NO ONE. INT. APARTMENT — CONTINUOUS A fancy COCKTAIL PARTY. Heads spin as THE SORCERER walks from the balcony, wiping SMOKING BLACK SAND off his long
13) 11) dialog: How's it goin'?
14) 0) text: A FOG has rolled in as Balthazar runs out to the street, searching for a quick way out of here. He cranes his neck the building across the street, TO REVEAL -- THE CHRYSLER BUILDING -- and one of the magnificent ART-D GARGOYLES that had so captured young Dave's imagination: fierce-looking STEEL EAGLE. INT. CHRYSLER BLDG. ~— 60TH FLOOR - NIGHT PING! A CLEANING LADY exits the elevator pushing a cart. The floor is dark, the shadows pierced only by FLASHES OF LIGHTNING that flicker in the windows. A strange CLATTERING SOUND draws the cleaning lady to --
15) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) Hechicero. [Sorcerer.] 21. A sight we'll never forget. The eagle rears back, makes a arcing turn, and flies off into the foggy night... 60 STORIES DOWN -- A LITTLE BOY. in a rain slicker looks the moonlight cuts through the fog, shines on the eagle.
19) 0) text: The rain has stopped as Dave runs across the roof. ‘The t races after him when Dave trips --~ FALLS! Dave turns in horror as the tiger takes two huge bounds a LEAPS into the air, FANGS and CLAWS poised to rip his thr out. Dave SCREAMS... ---and catches a TINY, CUDDLY KITTEN in his arms. The kit licks his nose. Dave SCREAMS again. Now on the roof, Horvath looks up in shock -- WHAM! A STEEL WING slams into him, sends him flying. On 24. Dave cowers as the giant eagle lands almost right on top him. And just when things couldn't get any scarier... BALTHAZAR BLAKE -- pokes his head out from atop the eagle
19) 1) dialog: How's it goin'? Dave SCREAMS. Balthazar sees Horvath leap into the air, cocking his ring hand back to throw a spell. Balthazar quickly throws his hand up and -- A TEMPORAL DISPLACEMENT SPELL -- wraps around Horvath, a cocoon in which TIME ITSELF SLOWS TO A CRAWL. Horvath arc through the air at 1/20th normal speed, screaming like th teacher from a "Peanuts" T.V. special. Dave turns to see Balthazar glaring down at him.
19) 2) dialog: Where's the doll?
19) 4) dialog: All right, get on the eagle.
19) 6) dialog: Get on the eagle, Dave!
19) 8) dialog: New rule, Dave. From here on out you're scared of one thing and one thing only. Me: Now get up here!!! Dave looks back at Horvath, sees the murder in his eyes.
20) 0) text: It's 3 a.m. on the OLD CLOCK TOWER BUILDING as the eagle soars over the fog-enshrouded city, a hundred sparkling towers sitting on a pillow of CLOUDS. The eagle circles the CHRYSLER BUILDING, touches down on former perch. As Balthazar and Dave climb off onto the parapet, Balthazar touches the eagle as if to say thanks. A gleam in the great bird's eye, then once again it's a LIFELESS GARGOYLE.
20) 1) dialog: A man named Denethor Maltwood first brought this eagle to life in 1928. It's helped more than one sorcerer get across town in a hurry. (off Dave's awe) This city is full of magic, if you know where to look. . Dave looks out on the lights of New York as if seeing the city for the first time.
20) 2) dialog: Horvath must've put a tracking spell on you, that day in my shop. Balthazar splays his hands, his GREEN DIAMOND RING taking a strange glow. Balthazar sees Dave staring at his ring.
20) 3) dialog: A sorcerer's ring is a conduit for his magic, but it also possesses a magic of its own. Getting a hold of your ring would make Horvath that much stronger. A SHIMMERING AURA washes over Dave, then disappears.
20) 4) dialog: Cloaking spell. It'll throw him off our trail. Dave shakes his head, can't believe this is happening...a 26.
20) 5) dialog: Look, I know you were shocked to see me back there. How ‘bout I give you another chance to show me what you got? Doesn't need to be fancy. Some levitation, a little stormcasting --
20) 9) dialog: Don't want to show off, huh? Okay, how about -- block this!
20) 10) text: Balthazar sends a CONCUSSION BLAST flying in on Dave -- WHOOM!!! Dave goes sailing into a low wall and crumples. Balthazar can't believe it.
20) 11) dialog: Are you kidding me?! What have you been doing for the last ten years?!
20) 13) dialog: Didn't you read the book I gave you?! Dave gets to his feet, shakes his head.
20) 15) dialog: Oh, absolutely, Dave! I'm sure the situation was very confusing!!!
20) 18) text: Balthazar shakes his head, reaches into his coat. bets. 27.
20) 19) dialog: Pay attention, there will be a quiz later. (off Dave's look) No, seriously, there will be. Balthazar throws a handful of BLUE DUST that ignites the with a VOOSHHH!
20) 20) dialog: There are two kinds of sorcerers in the world. You and I are Merlineans. We can trace our lineage from sorcerer to apprentice, all the way back to Merlin Ambrosius... The ignited dust lingers in the air like a nebula, assume the shape of MERLIN, ancient and wise in a druidic robe.
20) 21) dialog: Then there's the Morganians... A flick of RED DUST sparks another explosion -- and a spe image of the treacherously beautiful MORGANA LE FAY.
20) 22) dialog: +-.their line runs back to Morgana le Fay, an evil sorceress who was King Arthur's half-sister and Merlin's arch-enemy.
20) 24) dialog: You just rode into town on a gargoyle, Dave. Think it's time to put the ol' skepticism in check? (continuing) Now, every sorcerer has a duty to pass his knowledge on to his apprentice before he dies. Our pal Horvath back there was apprenticed to my old Master, a Merlinean by the name of Aurelius Flood. A SEPULCHRAL IMAGE flits across the facade of the Chrysle tower -- AURELIUS FLOOD is an old man in a Victorian over We've seen that face before: the photos in Balthazar's sh 28.
20) 25) dialog: But Horvath turned traitor, joined a group of Morganians who wiped out almost every living Merlinean. They killed Aurelius while trying to steal an artifact of unspeakable power: the Grimhold.
20) 27) dialog: An evil so powerful, it's all Horvath needs to kill the last two Merlineans on the face of the Earth.
20) 29) dialog: For eons we kept the Morganians in check. Now it's just you and me -- and if we don't find that doll before Horvath does, a world where the vilest kind of sorcery has free reign over mankind. Unfortunately, your training's gonna be kind of an on-the-job deal --
20) 32) dialog: "Graduate?" Excuse. me, did you hear a word I just said?!
20) 34) dialog: Maxim Horvath thinks you are. And I'm sorry, Dave, but that's ail that matters. I'm looking at a dead man. Dave swallows hard.
20) 35) dialog: So, you have two choices. You can go back to your life and have the highest GPA in the morgue. (MORE)
20) 38) dialog: Or you can let me teach you how not to get killed. Your call.
20) 40) dialog: Good luck. Balthazar turns, starts to walk off.
20) 42) dialog: Then you just might be good at this. Dave is pale as he raises his hand to shakes Balthazar's. Balthazar grins. A look that makes Dave very nervous.
21) 0) text: As Balthazar and Dave step onto an ELEVATOR and the doors slide shut... The doors SLIDE OPEN on the elevator next to theirs. Two COPS accompany the anxious CLEANING LADY we saw last nigh
22) 0) text: The morning sun breaks through the clouds as Balthazar an Dave step out onto the busy street.
22) 1) dialog: We need a place to train. Let's try my old shop.
22) 3) dialog: Please tell me you're joking.
23) 0) text: A YOUNG COP leads Balthazar and Dave through an undergrou parking lot packed with ABANDONED CARS.
23) 4) dialog: She missed me.
23) 6) dialog: \ Thanks so much for your help.
23) 8) dialog: You are sitting in a true work of art...the Bentley Speed-6 Corsica. Six cylinder engine, overhead cam, dual carbs, dual ignition. : The same engine Woolf Barnato used to win Le Mans in 1929 and 1930.
23) 12) dialog: "Mmn?" That's all you can say? “Mmn? 1"
23) 14) dialog: What?
26) 0) text: In a city where people don't turn their heads, PEOPLE TUR THEIR HEADS to see Balthazar and Dave prowling the glass canyons in the Bentley, now gleaming and spotless. INNER CITY KIDS working on their pimped-out rides WHOOP a HOLLER as the Bentley cruises by. Balthazar nods, smiles. MOMENTS LATER -- The Bentley stops on Balthazar's old str As they get out of the car, Balthazar looks up in horror.
26) 1) dialog: My god...what happened here? A POTTERY BARN -- stands where the Arcana Cabana once did YOUNG MOTHERS go in and out pushing strollers. Balthazar looks down from the sign to see Dave at the sto window, smiling and pointing at a POTPOURRI SAMPLER.
26) 3) dialog: Are you through re-decorating, Dave? ‘Cause if you are, we should prob'ly --
26) 8) dialog: If you believe in such things. Balthazar puts his arm around Dave, loudly CLEARS HIS THR
26) 10) dialog: Uncle Balthazar! Nice to meet you, Becky. I'm just in town visiting my faaaavorite nephew. Balthazar grins, gives Dave's shoulder an extra-hard sque
26) 12) dialog: Wichita. Becky smiles, nods, unsure what to make of that. Finally
26) 15) dialog: Actually, Dave, we're busy all week. (off Dave's glare) Remember? Uncle Maxim is in town?
26) 17) dialog: She was the one. That day in the shop, "a gift for someone special." And you've never had the guts to tell her.
26) 19) dialog: So you turned your back on love and sorcery, and buried yourself in those books of yours.
26) 21) dialog: Yep. Balthazar heads for the Bentley, leans in to Dave:
26) 22) dialog: And still alone. Dave stands there for a beat, thinking about what Balthaz said. Dave makes a decision, gets in the car.
27) 0) text: A building made obsolete by the new science building next door. Dave leads Balthazar down some steps to a subterran entrance.
27) 1) dialog: So why do they let you use this storage area for your project? 36.
28) 0) text: Balthazar walks in, looks around, smiles.
28) 1) dialog: It's perfect. ' THE UNDERGROUND ROOM -- is big, 150' x 75', with a high ceiling and a row of opaque windows along the tops of the walls to let in light. ALL MANNER OF EQUIPMENT -- is here: ANTENNAS, TRANSFORMER PHOTO-ELECTRIC DIODES, and most curious of all -- TWO STEEL COLUMNS -- set 20 feet apart, each topped by an looking DISC. As we'll find out later, these are TESLA CO
28) 4) dialog: Transducers.
28) 6) dialog: Lucky guess.
29) 0) text: Balthazar digs through his various pockets.
29) 1) dialog: First we need a spellbook. Since you lost the one I gave you, we'll have to use mine. Ah, here it is.
29) 6) text: THUNNK! Balthazar drops a MASSIVE TOME on a table: THE ENCANTUS. (Below the title in Gothic text: "POCKET EDITIO
29) 7) dialog: The Encantus is your textbook -- not just the art and science of sorcery, but its history, too. A history that's still being written. Balthazar turns to the last page, a picture of Balthazar Horvath doing battle on Dave's roof. Dave stares at himself, amazed. Balthazar flips back a fe pages, to a rendering of THE GRIMHOLD.
29) 8) dialog: Time for your first lesson. Balthazar steps to the OPEN FLOORSPACE in the middle of t room. He raises his hands, throws them violently down -- VOOOOSHHH! Dave jumps back as a PHOSPHORESCENT FLAME shoo up from the concrete floor, then dwindles, TO REVEAL... A_LARGE CIRCLE -- 30' in diameter, has been scorched into floor. The circle is adorned with ALCHEMICAL SYMBOLS and divided into SEVEN AREAS in an arcane geometric pattern. can tell we're looking at something ancient.
29) 9) dialog: This is a Merlin's Circle, the crucible in which hundreds of sorcerers have been made -- and hundreds more broken. An apprentice might spend ten years training in this circle. You're gonna do it in a week. (steps into the circle) You step into this circle, you leave everything else outside -- everything you know, everything you've seen, everything you are. And once you enter...there's no going back.
29) 15) dialog: (continuing) The circle has seven domains, each corresponding to one of the seven arts a sorcerer is called upon to master. There's the Alchemy of the Mind... Dave gasps as Balthazar's lips stop moving but his voice continues in Dave's head:
29) 16) dialog: ++.the domain of telepathy, second sight and psychic attack. The Alchemy of the Elements... Balthazar steps into the next domain and a TONGUE OF FIRE ignites on his palm.. A FLASH OF LIGHTNING makes Dave fli
29) 17) dialog: +--here you'll learn to manipulate fire and water, wind and earth. (steps one over) The Alchemy of Motion is one of my favorites. Levitation, telekinesis, compressing air molecules to create a concussion effect... Balthazar LEVITATES a foot off the ground, throws a rippl CONCUSSION BLAST to knock a heavy GENERATOR off a table.
29) 18) dialog: The Alchemy of Transformation... Dave stares wide-eyed as Balthazar suddenly MORPHS INTO D
29) 19) dialog: «--pretty self-explanatory. Balthazar reverts to form, steps into the next domain.
29) 20) dialog: The last two are the most difficult to learn, and the most powerful. (MORE )
29) 22) dialog: The Alchemy of Spacetime is little understood. Astral projection, temporal displacement... Balthazar takes some change from his pocket, throws it up the air. The coins start to fall in SLOW MOTION.
29) 23) dialog: It took me 10 years to learn how to cast a "speed bump" like the one I put on Horvath. It's said that only Merlin himself ever fully mastered this domain. THE COINS -- hit the floor at full speed. BALTHAZAR . Last is the Alchemy of Matter, and the famous law of physics holds true: it can be neither created nor destroyed. A sorcerer just happens to know where the loopholes are. Balthazar holds out his palm and a SWIRL OF WHITE-HOT ELECTRONS appears over his hand.
29) 24) dialog: If, for instance, I accelerate these oxygen atoms, then let a few electrons spin off... As a few ELECTRONS escape orbit, the SWIRL COHERES into a DENSE SPHERE OF HYPER-CHARGED MATTER -- A_PLASMA BOLT.
29) 26) dialog: And the sorcerer's weapon of choice. Balthazar throws the PLASMA BOLT at the GENERATOR that hi concussion blast already toppled over. The bolt ANNIHILAT the machine into so many shards of metal. Dave is blown away, then realizes:
29) 30) dialog: The Alchemy of the Heart is the domain of emotions, love. (dismissive) We won't be sending Horvath any valentines. Now, here's how we're gonna find that doll.
31) 0) text: Balthazar stands over a table with the Encantus open.
31) 1) dialog: It's called sympathetic magic. By manipulating this image of the Grimhold, we exert magic on the doll itself, retracing where it's been since that day in my shop.
31) 3) dialog: (isn't it obvious?) We just covered this. Spacetime, Dave. Astral projection.
31) 5) dialog: This device converts the sound waves created by your voice into electromagnetic radio signals. You tell me: physics or magic?
31) 9) dialog: Everything we do is within the laws of physics. You just don't know all the laws yet. (holds up his ring) This is a transducer, Dave. It converts the mental energy in the sorcerer's mind into kinetic energy in the physical world. First you think it, then you do it. As Dave looks at his ring in a whole new light...
31) 10) dialog: You've spent your whole life running from the magic you saw ten years ago. Well guess what? You're still doing this stuff. You just got bumped into the slow lane. Balthazar puts his hand on the picture of the GRIMHOLD.
31) 11) dialog: Time to get back in the fast lane. Dave shakes his head, hesitates...
31) 12) dialog: Michelangelo said he never sculpted; all he did was free the figure buried deep inside the marble. You have a sorcerer buried in you, Dave. Let's let him out. Dave slowly lifts his hand, puts it on the Encantus. As w TRACK IN SLOWLY on his face...
31) 13) dialog: Remember, mental energy into physical. Close your eyes and remove every other thought from your mind. There is only the doll...and when you can see it in your mind...open your eyes. DAVE'S EYES -- pop open, and BOOM! A TIME AND SPACE -- bend around the edges of the frame as & zooming through a highly-stylized SPIRIT WORLD...
31) 18) dialog: (grins) Physics.
34) 0) text: A 50-foot long PAPER DRAGON snakes down the street as Balthazar and Dave arrive at the shop. The door is locked A sign hangs in the window: "BACK IN 10 MINUTES."
34) 1) dialog: We'll have to wait.
34) 3) dialog: Commit breaking and entering?
34) 5) dialog: No, Dave, I don't know. Please tell me. (Dave goes mum) There are limits on our powers, okay? Some limits are physical: we can't raise people from the dead. We can't stop time. We can't fly. Other limits we place on ourselves. The Morganians will use their magic for any selfish thing and let right or wrong be damned. But we're Merlineans. We respect our powers and we respect our calling to use them only for good. Got it? Dave nods.
34) 6) dialog: Good. Now come on, I haven't eaten since the Clinton Administration. MOMENTS LATER -- Dave and Balthazar lean against a buildi eating from take-out cartons.
34) 8) dialog: Yes. And when you can see those two worlds are actually one and the same, then you'll be a sorcerer.
34) 9) text: Balthazar reaches into his carton for a BRIGHT RED PEPPER
34) 10) dialog: Try this. It's delicious.
34) 14) dialog: I'm telling you, these aren't hot! (then) Aurelius had a saying: "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." Well, let me tell you, from where I'm standing, you've got yourself a little shrinkage problem. Dave looks down.
34) 15) dialog: Too scared to tell Becky how you feel --
34) 17) dialog: -- too scared to believe in something you can't reduce to an equation. Look, I can teach you every spell there is to know, but if you don't find some intestinal fortitude pretty quick, Maxim Horvath is gonna eat us for lunch. Dave thinks about this. Balthazar's words have an effect.
34) 19) dialog: "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." (holds up the pepper) So how about it?
34) 24) dialog: I can't believe you ate that!!! Dave doubles over, spits it out. Balthazar gathers himsel
34) 25) dialog: Wow, that was insane... Balthazar starts to walk off when Dave spins him around, throws his best punch. Balthazar catches it, smiles.
34) 26) dialog: Now that's more like it. Balthazar walks off. Dave realizes he's just been tested, and passed.
35) 0) text: Balthazar and Dave return to the shop to find the sign st in the window and the door still locked. Balthazar sighs, looks left and right...then whips out a steel JIMMY and deftly breaks the lock. The door pops ope Dave turns to Balthazar in shock.
35) 2) dialog: Did I use my powers?
36) 0) text: There's no one at the counter. Balthazar and Dave separat and slowly make their way through the cluttered shop. Dav explores the back of the shop, Balthazar the front, when
36) 3) dialog: I'm looking for a nesting doll, very unusual, with a Chinese sorcerer on the outside.
36) 5) dialog: Broken?
36) 7) dialog: (relieved smile) That's a good thing, ma'am.
36) 9) dialog: - .+.my height, about as crazy- looking as me, maybe a little more?
36) 13) dialog: Aaghh!!!
36) 19) dialog: Not!! A BLINDING LIGHT -- seeps through the seam of the outermo doll, swallowing the room. And when it fades... SUN LOK -- stands there, a 7-foot tall sorcerer whose GLO WHITE EYES have no pupils. A spectacular CHINESE DRAGON l on his shimmering robe. ~ . Horvath scoops up the Grimhold. (An ANCIENT EGYPTIAN SORC is now depicted on the outermost doll.)
37) 0) text: CRAAAASHH!!! Balthazar and Dave go flying through the sto window onto the sidewalk. The street is lined with SPECTATORS, most of them distrac by the PAPER DRAGON that's winding its way up the street. SUN LOK -- steps out of the store, sees the paper dragon. His RING, a Chinese alchemical symbol, begins to glow... Horvath sees what Sun Lok is doing, smiles. UNDER THE PAPER DRAGON -- Twenty MEN shuffle along. The l one, holding the tail, falls to one knee.
37) 4) dialog: Move!
37) 5) text: Balthazar and Dave take off running as the dragon flies i behind them! In front of them -- A LAMP POST -- suddenly teeters, falls... WHAM! The lamp post lands in the street, blocking their escape. Horvath grins from the sidewalk, his ring glowing THE DRAGON -- skips across the facades of buildings, shoo FIREBALLS from its jaws. The crowd SCREAMS, scatters in a directions. WHOOOM! Balthazar and Dave go flying as a fiery blast roc the pavement just a few feet away. A second FIREBALL detonates a PARKED CAR. The horrified OWNER looks on from several yards away.
37) 7) dialog: It's all you.
37) 11) dialog: Sympathetic magic, Dave. I believe we covered it? Balthazar grabs Dave's chin, points it toward Sun Lok. Da looks from the DRAGON emblazoned on Sun Lok's robe to the DRAGON flying in on them like a comet.
37) 12) dialog: Remember, mental into physical. Will them to connect... Dave stretches his hand toward Sun Lok but nothing happen
37) 13) dialog: Come on, I told you there'd be a quiz later. What's the first step? Clear your mind. THE DRAGON -- zeroes in on them, flames trailing from its
37) 19) dialog: Calm down. Balthazar picks up the doll as Horvath gets to his feet s 50 yards away. POLICE SIRENS suddenly echo in the streets A DOZEN POLICE CARS -- come screaming around the corner, several NEWS TRUCKS just behind them. Balthazar and Horvath exchange a stare, then a nod. They both know this isn't over. Horvath step back into an alley, VANISHES INTO THE SHADOW Dave sighs, relieved as the police cars approach.
37) 20) dialog: How do I- look? Dave turns, shocked to see BALTHAZAR AS A NEW YORK COP, d to the last detail of the NYPD uniform.
37) 21) dialog: I'll do the talking, Officer Dave. Dave looks down. He's in a cop uniform, too. The cars screech to a halt. Suddenly COPS are everywhere, some keeping CAMERA CREWS away from the scene, others run up the street toward --
37) 22) dialog: (heavy Brooklyn accent) S'okay, fellas, situation's under control! A POLICE CAPTAIN runs up to Officers Balthazar and Dave.
37) 24) dialog: Fireworks accident. They were havin' a street festival when one of them Chinese dragons went up like a roman candle. Me and my partner saw the whole thing. The captain grins as if something finally makes sense.
37) 28) dialog: ‘Tween you and me, Cap, I think some of these folks were hittin' the sake pretty hard. Balthazar and the captain share a good laugh.
37) 30) dialog: Pipe down, rookie! (to the captain) See for yourself, Cap. Balthazar leads the captain to a crater where the last of dragon's paper wings is smoldering. The captain nods.
38) 0) text: Balthazar walks down the alley. Dave trails behind.
38) 1) dialog: "Sake's Japanese."
38) 3) dialog: I was in character!!! Balthazar's ring glows as he waves his hand over the Grim 53.
38) 4) dialog: Tracking spell. In case you manage to lose the doll -- again. The Bentley is parked in the shadows. Balthazar starts to get in, notices Dave hasn't moved.
38) 5) dialog: Get in.
38) 8) dialog: Get in the car, Dave.
38) 10) dialog: Fine. You want to know what the doll is? You really want to know?
38) 11) text: Balthazar plunks the GRIMHOLD down on the hood.
38) 12) dialog: Alcatraz. (off Dave's surprise) A prison for evil sorcerers. Every layer holds a different Morganian, each one worse than the one before. And in the innermost doll -- the spirit of Morgana le Fay, trapped there by Merlin himself after her physical body was destroyed. A SPECTRAL IMAGE of MORGANA LE FAY -- is reflected in the car's windshield. A savage, staggeringly powerful creatur
38) 13) dialog: If Morgana gets out, we're dead. The sun will set on the Merlinean line -- and rise on a world where dark sorcery has free reign. Enough chaos and destruction to make the Dark Ages seem like the good ol' days.
38) 18) dialog: For now. But as long as Horvath's out there, the Grimhold isn't safe. Nobody is. He'll never stop, he'll keep coming after us. And we've got to be ready for him.
41) 1) dialog: Rise and shine.
41) 4) dialog: Make sure you ask Horvath for five more minutes when he's about to feed you your liver. Anyway, last night was spell-casting, today we're doing counter-spells. As a great Merlinean once said, "For every action there's an equal and opposite reaction."
41) 8) dialog: Like I said. (off Dave's surprise) You think it's a fluke your boy Tesla was called "the Modern Sorcerer?" Now get in the circle. Balthazar assumes an attack posture, his ring starting to glow. Dave steps into the circle and braces himself as we
41) 12) text: Balthazar throws a PLASMA BOLT at Dave, who tries to bloc with a PLASMOID SHIELD but gets nailed and goes skidding across the floor.
41) 13) dialog: Come on, that was a low-rez bolt. You think Horvath's gonna take it that easy on you? Balthazar throws another BOLT. Dave just gets his shield to half-ass block it.
41) 14) dialog: Better.
41) 16) text: Dave levitates a foot off the ground over and over again. Balthazar leans back in his chair, eating from a take-out carton.
41) 17) dialog: --.17...18...legs straight, you look like you're going number two.
41) 20) dialog: Okay, there's no rule that says you can't look good doing this. Loosen up, will you? Breathe.
41) 23) dialog: There you go. You want to be a sorcerer? Start acting like a sorcerer.
41) 25) text: Dave is alone, browsing through the Encantus when he come a chapter called "THE LIVES OF THE SORCERERS." He turns t picture of AURELIUS FLOOD, and standing behind him -- THE RAVEN-HAIRED BEAUTY from Balthazar's photos and the herbalist's shop, named here as:
41) 27) dialog: You prob'ly shouldn't browse on your own. You never know what might pop out. OUTSIDE THE OLD SCIENCE BUILDING — DAY Balthazar walks around the Bentley, meticulously wiping flecks of dust with a cloth. Dave follows him around.
41) 30) dialog: A misconception common among apprentices. Dave is pissed. He turns around, starts heading down the subterranean stairs toward the training room... Dave stops, sees Balthazar on the other side of the car, dusting the fender. Dave runs off down the street. 57.
42) 19) dialog: All right, next we're gonna try... Balthazar looks up, sees that Dave is gone. Glowers.
45) 14) dialog: Respect the magic, I said! This is how you respect the magic?! Balthazar looks around frantically. Dave gets slowly to h feet, glancing nervously about for --
45) 16) dialog: Forget Becky!!!
45) 18) dialog: 
46) 2) dialog: Come on!
47) 0) text: Balthazar and Dave run up to the street where the BENTLEY waiting. As they're about to jump in --
47) 3) dialog: Get in the car, Dave.
47) 5) dialog: Get in the car now!!!
49) 0) text: Balthazar's hands grip the wheel as the Bentley weaves through traffic.
49) 1) dialog: Losing the Grimhold is getting to be a real habit with you, Dave.
49) 3) dialog: Did I ever tell you the sorcerer's creed? "To Know, To Dare, To Will -- and to Keep Silent." Why don't you work on that last part? (Dave goes mum) Lucky for you I put that tracking spell on the doll... Balthazar's. GREEN DIAMOND RING glows eerily as it guides hand to the left and the right -- steering the car.
49) 6) dialog: (off Dave's look) Sorcerer lo-jack.
51) 0) text: We CRANE DOWN -- CLEOPATRA'S NEEDLE, a massive obelisk po with EGYPTIAN GLYPHS. We're in a dark, isolated grove of trees, far from any path or sidewalk. Balthazar and Dave sprint past the obelisk toward the loo shadow of the Sherry-Netherland and Horvath's tower.
51) 1) dialog: I'll take Horvath, you go for the doll. Hopefully he hasn't freed the next Morganian yet... BEHIND THEM -- One of the GLYPHS steps free from the obel lands on its feet with a WHUMP. Balthazar and Dave stop i their tracks, turn slowly around to see... MENMET-RA -- massive and deadly.
51) 2) dialog: ++-0r not.
51) 9) dialog: You know I can't do that. Menmet-Ra nods. As he raises his hands toward the obelisk the COBRA'S EYES glow on his ring and -- TWO LARGE ANKHS -- come flying out of the side of the obelisk, where a moment ago they were mere glyphs. Menmet-Ra catches one ANKH in each hand, holding them by loop that sits atop each cross. He bangs the ankhs togeth and a layer of sediment falls away, TO REVEAL -- TWO GLEAMING, RAZOR-SHARP BLADES. The ankhs have been transformed into deadly handheld weapons. Dave gulps. Balthazar nods, raises his hand... A LONG OBJECT -~ blasts free from the obelisk, flies into Balthazar's hand. He bangs the object on the ground, knoc off 3,000 years of sediment, TO REVEAL -- A GLEAMING PHARAOH'S STAFF. Balthazar grips the staff wit both hands, takes a combat position. This is gonna be good.
53) 0) text: Menmet-Ra LEAPS INTO THE AIR, swinging the ANKH SWORDS wi murderous ferocity -- not at Balthazar, at Dave! Balthazar jumps in front of Dave just in time, somehow ge the staff up to block a FURIOUS ATTACK OF BLADES. A_JAW-DROPPING FIGHT. SORCERY meets MARTIAL ARTS as Balthazar and Menmet-Ra mix PLASMA BOLTS with scissor kic ANTI-GRAVITY SPELLS with good ol' fashioned roundhouse punches. And through it all, one thing is clear: :
53) 8) dialog: We've got to go.
53) 12) dialog: We've got to go, now! Balthazar grabs Dave and they run off, as we TILT DOWN TO MENMET-RA'S BODY -- turns to dust, starts to blow away in breeze. MOMENTS LATER -- TWO BOOTS step into frame, TO REVEAL --
54) 0) text: Balthazar speeds the Bentley downtown. Dave stares at him
55) 0) text: Dave and Balthazar stand beside the Bentley as the lights New Jersey glisten across the Hudson.
55) 1) dialog: I told you how every sorcerer has an apprentice. True enough.. But not all apprentices are created equal. Once a generation an apprentice comes along, the Prime Merlinean, who can wear the most powerful ring on Earth -- the ring once worn by Merlin himself.
55) 5) dialog: The ring's band is forged from the blade of Arthur's sword, Excalibur. Its dragon is carved from the stone from which the sword was pulled. The boy looks at the ENGRAVING on the sword: "TAKE ME UP. He flips the sword over: "CAST ME AWAY." ‘
55) 7) dialog: Your ring is quite literally the sword and the stone. And for a thousand years it stayed in the Merlinean line.
55) 9) dialog: He was my generation's Prime Merlinean. Aurelius died keeping the ring out of his hands, entrusting it to me until the next Prime Merlinean could be found. For years I searched...
55) 12) dialog: Until one day... 72. YOUNG DAVE walks into the shop, that day 10 years ago.
55) 14) dialog: You alone have the power to lock Horvath back in the Grimhold. And that's not all. The doll that holds Morgana can only be opened with your ring. That's why they they'll keep coming after you.
55) 16) dialog: Or you kill them. We've got one more shot at getting them back in that doll -- tonight. After that they'll be too powerful.
55) 18) dialog: Or if she's released, to put her back in. Now I know this is more than you signed on for --
55) 20) dialog: -- but if Horvath frees Morgana from that doll tonight, it's seriously bad news for this city and everyone in it. And I mean everyone.
55) 23) dialog: We've got to be willing to lose everything, Dave. And by "everything," I mean --
55) 25) dialog: So...you're ready for this? Dave looks out on the lights of his childhood across the Hudson. MUSIC UP as the morning sun begins to rise over New York: the faint strains of "Magic" -- Becky's song. Dave turns to Balthazar.
55) 27) dialog: Horvath has two more Morganians to free before he gets to the last doll. I have a feeling he's sprung one of them already. (darkly) These are the bad guys, Dave.
55) 29) dialog: The wannabes. The good news: each doll is tougher to crack than the one before. It'll take Horvath hours to get the last one out, and that gives us time. You go back, grab the Encantus. I'll meet you back here in an hour.
55) 31) dialog: There's someone I need to see.
55) 33) dialog: You want to know how much I trust you? Balthazar can't believe he's about to do this. He holds o his CAR KEYS, drops them in Dave's hand. Dave grins, turns and heads for the Bentley. 74.
55) 34) dialog: That smile's making me nervous, Dave! MOMENTS LATER -- THROOOOM!!! Dave revs the car, looking m determined than ever.
56) 0) text: We SWOOP down from the sky and GLIDE through traffic, the veer onto the sidewalk and through a wrought-iron gate, i A GRAVEYARD ~-- nestled in the shadow of tall office towe An unexpected island of tranquil solemnity. We GLIDE through the graves, many of which are centuries finally arriving at... A MARBLE HEADSTONE -- where BALTHAZAR is crouched down. ‘ GRAVESTONE CAMEOS are pictured on the stone: one is of AURELIUS FLOOD... The other is VERONICA. Balthazar touches his hand to her oval-shaped photograph, holds it there.
56) 1) dialog: Forgive me for what I have to do. Balthazar rises, turns and walks off. Only now do we see inscriptions on the headstone:
59) 13) dialog: What part of "see you in an hour" wasn't clear?
60) 10) dialog: Why don't you just --
60) 14) dialog: It's better this way. Don't ask me how I know. I just do.
60) 20) dialog: Dave --
60) 24) dialog: Dave, don't...STOP! As Balthazar lunges, Dave throws his hand up and Balthaza slows to 1/20th speed! SPEED BUMP.
60) 26) dialog: Time for you to go, old man. Aurelius shakes his head, smiles.
60) 35) dialog: Dave, stop! -- Dave isn't hearing him. Balthazar ducks for cover, touche his hand to the floor and -- . THE FLOOR AT DAVE'S FEET -- suddenly LIQUEFIES, turning i a POOL OF WATER that Dave plunges into.
60) 41) dialog: You're sitting, you little jerk.
60) 43) dialog: I was a Morganian, trained in the Dark Arts from the time I was a boy. Fifteen years ago Horvath sent me on a mission: to steal the Grimhold...and kill Aurelius Flood.
60) 45) dialog: (smiles at the memory) Only you didn't see how it ended.
60) 48) dialog: Let's just say Aurelius and Veronica put a serious beat-down on yours truly. They could've killed me...
60) 52) dialog: -.-instead they took me in, nursed me back to health. - Time has passed. Aurelius talks to Balthazar late into night, the shop illuminated by FLICKERING CANDLES.
60) 53) dialog: They taught me there's no such thing as good magic or bad. The magic is neutral -- it's what's in a sorcerer's heart that matters. And when my heart began to change... - Balthazar and Veronica stand behind the display case, talking, smiling -- falling deeply in love.
60) 54) dialog: .--let's just say my old pals weren't so thrilled.
60) 57) text: FAST, BLURRY IMPRESSIONS -- A BATTLE takes place in a dri rainstorm. Balthazar, Aurelius and Veronica face off agai Horvath, Sun Lok, Menmet-Ra, and others who remain obscur LIGHTNING flashes as Horvath and Aurelius clash.
60) 58) dialog: In the heat of the battle, Horvath managed to get Merlin's ring from Aurelius. For the first time in a thousand years... THE INNERMOST DOLL —-- flies open and an unforgettable si emerges -- the MONSTROUS SPECTRAL SPIRIT of Morgana le Fa
60) 59) dialog: ---Morgana's spirit was free. MORGANA'S SPIRIT expands rapidly in size and energy. Vero SCREAMS as she is caught up in this maelstrom.
60) 60) dialog: I've got to hand it to Aurelius. He moved fast, before she got too powerful...
60) 66) dialog: I lost her. Dave can see how devastated Balthazar still is.
60) 67) dialog: As sorcerers we're supposed to lead solitary lives, to put sorcery before love, self -- everything. I tried to have both, love and sorcery. What I got is a pain I've carried since the day I lost her.
60) 71) dialog: For the same reason your powers appeared on the day you fell for Becky. Love is the most powerful source of a sorcerer's magic. If he can tap it, he can't be stopped, but if he tries...he just might lose the love of his life.
60) 75) dialog: Let's go find your girl.
62) 0) text: Dave leads Balthazar through the museum.
62) 1) dialog: How do you know she'll be here? Did you put a tracking spell on her? Dave arrives at THE CHAGALL. He gazes at the painting, smiles at the memory.
65) 0) text: Balthazar doesn't like what he's sensing. He runs into th UTILITY CORRIDOR -- no sign of Dave. He sees the STEEL DO bolts for it and runs into --
66) 0) text: A CONCUSSION BLAST nails Balthazar, sends him skidding ac the floor into a massive BOILER -- out cold. The MECHANICAL ROOM beneath the museum is a 70-year-old c of PUMPS, PIPING, BOILERS, GENERATORS and HVAC EQUIPMENT.
66) 14) dialog: No... Horvath grins, reaches into his coat and pulls out -- THE INNERMOST DOLL. MORGANA LE FAY stares out at us, a chilling medieval rendering of the dark sorceress.
66) 15) dialog: 
67) 0) text: THE MORGANA NESTING DOLL -- hovers in mid-air, held aloft tendrils of DARK ENERGY that Horvath has conjured. Abigai and Chernabog look on. Balthazar is pinned against the wall; Dave and Becky are to stand together. Things look bleak.
67) 13) dialog: 
67) 19) dialog: Veronica...it's me. } For a moment there is a glimmer in Morgana's eyes -- of recognition and humanity. Then the moment is gone. Morgana nods to Horvath: ‘Kill them.' Horvath powers up f a spell when -- VOOSH! AN INK-BLACK CLOUD douses everyone in midnight.
67) 20) dialog: Runt!! Dave feels Balthazar hoist him by the shirt and pull him fast as he can toward the elevator.
67) 30) dialog: (shakes his head) Staten Island. Let's go. INT. HORVATH'S PENTHOUSE ~— NIGHT The scattered halves of the GRIMHOLD sit on Horvath's conjuring table, not far from -- Becky, who is shackled to an IRON MAIDEN, one of Horvath' more bizarre antiques. She works frantically to get free, all the while looking up through the skylight toward --
73) 0) text: PEOPLE run SCREAMING, taking cover where they can, but th SPECTRAL RIDERS will not be stopped. .In the midst of all this mayhem -- A SUBWAY TRAIN -- pulls into the stop. The doors, open an Balthazar and Dave step out.
73) 2) dialog: Wraiths. This is Chernabog's work. THE WRAITHS jump off the platform and disappear into the shadows of the UPTOWN TUNNEL.
73) 3) dialog: They're heading to the Park, trying to link up with Morgana.
73) 5) dialog: We've gotta turn off the tap on these Wraiths first. See if we can't make this a fair fight.
74) 0) text: Balthazar and Dave run up the subway steps to the street, nailing wraiths with CONCUSSION BLASTS as they go.
74) 2) dialog: I called ahead for a ride. Dave looks up, smiles as -- THE CHRYSLER BUILDING EAGLE -- swoops down from the sky, slamming into WRAITHS as it zooms in low over the street! Balthazar and Dave get a running start and jump on the ea as it flies by.
75) 0) text: Chernabog stands atop the arch, conjuring Wraiths. He hea a WHOOSH behind him, spins around to see -— THE EAGLE -- flies in hard and fast, steel talons flashin WHAM! Chernabog is blasted off the arch, goes flying into BOOM! -- HANGMAN'S ELM, knocking the last few Wraiths fro their nooses like overripe fruit. Balthazar and Dave jump off the eagle as it swoops in low A DOZEN WRAITHS -- are converging on the only people left the park, a bunch of cowering, terrified NYU STUDENTS.
75) 1) dialog: (powers up for a spell) Mine.
75) 3) dialog: I believe I said "Mine!"
75) 11) dialog: Not bad. Horvath MORHPS into Dave. No more wraiths are emerging from their graves, but the o who've already escaped continue to wreak havoc in the squ
75) 13) dialog: They answer to Morgana now...
77) 13) dialog: Or he would've mopped up the floor with you... Morgana turns toward the voice.
77) 14) dialog: ++-again. BALTHAZAR -- steps forward, flanked by the CHRYSLER EAGLE the massively muscled ROCKEFELLER ATLAS, as epically hero the day Dave first saw him. Dave and Becky smile. Surprisingly, so does Morgana.
77) 33) text: en, 103. Fighting Morgana is all the more difficult because for ev PLASMA BOLT he sends slamming into Morgana, Balthazar kno it's Veronica's body he's harming. But that doesn't stop him. Morgana goes down, winces in pain. For a moment Balthazar forgets who he's dealing wit
77) 34) dialog: Veronica, you don't want to do this. A moment is all it takes. Morgana throws out her hand, BASHES Balthazar with an invisible force -- then brings h hand down, SMASHING him to the ground.
77) 37) dialog: No...he is. They move in perfect sync. Balthazar throws. the Grimhold into the air; Dave lifts his hand, freezes it in place. The DRAGON'S EYES glow on Dave's ring as he turns his outstretched hand to the side -- and the doll TWISTS OPEN
77) 42) dialog: (shakes his head) Not this time...not this time!!! THE GRIMHOLD VORTEX -- increases in power, its outer edge just a few feet from Balthazar and Morgana. Balthazar's eyes meet Morgana's -- but they're not Morgan they're Veronica's! And then -- A MONSTROUS SPECTRAL CREATURE -- part woman, part demon, wrenched free of Veronica's body. THE REAL MORGANA LE FAY
77) 44) dialog: Hang on!!! THE SPECTRAL MORGANA SCREAMS, a hideous, defiant SHRIEK.. TOO LATE! The evil spirit is sucked into the VORTEX as a MASSIVE BOOM OF THUNDER echoes across New York. And when echo fades... THE SEALED GRIMHOLD -- sits in a smoking, smoldering crat THE WRAITHS -- are suddenly drawn up into the air, away f their battle with Atlas and the Chrysler Eagle, growing m spectral every second.
79) 0) text: Dawn's first light appears in the sky. Balthazar looks up wraps the unclothed, unmoving Veronica in his arms.
79) 1) dialog: Veronica...Veronica! Veronica eyes flutter open. Balthazar holds his breath.
80) 0) text: POLICE CARS flood into the park across the 65TH STREET TRANSVERSE, as we CRANE DOWN TO... A CENTRAL PARK HORSE CARRIAGE -- trots out of the park. D holds the reins, Becky is beside him. They smile. Balthazar and Veronica are in the back. Veronica wears Balthazar's coat as Balthazar pulls her close and we --
80) 6) dialog: ...seriously, what says Valentine's Day like human hearts stuffed in a jar? THE CUSTOMER -- smiles awkwardly, turns and walks out.
80) 7) dialog: Fine! Go with the Godiva!
80) 15) text: é 107. Dave smiles, is about to kiss her when Balthazar puts his hand on Dave's shoulder.
80) 16) dialog: Two o'clock. Training time. Veronica pulls Balthazar away, nods for Dave to continue.
80) 17) dialog: (off his watch) What? Two o'clock is training time. Dave smiles, kisses Becky as we PULL BACK INTO...