0) 3) dialog: The wind is moving But I am standing still A life of pages Waiting to be filled INT. MANNERHEIM HOUSE (LAMB’S BEDROOM) - MORNING We pan past a wall of family photos and mass-produced Christian art. A sticker that says “Real Women Eat Meat.” MONTANA BIBLE COLLEGE pennant. A cross. Lamb, now 21, is lying in bed. Faintly, as if underwater, hear the singing performance playing in another room.
0) 4) dialog: A heart that's hopeful A head that's full of dreams (MORE )
0) 6) dialog: But this becoming Is harder than it seems Lamb rolls over stiffly. We see her arms, covered with FL TONED COMPRESSION GARMENTS-- they’re like Ace bandages crossed with fingerless gloves. Lamb sits up, slowly and with effort. She’s a pretty youn woman. But her shoulders and neck are marred by PINK SCAR TISSUE. The scars could be covered with the right clothin but right now, every flaw is exposed. She winces in pain. Every day begins with pain.
0) 7) dialog: ow. We INTERCUT with the video, which we can now deduce is playing in another room of the house.
0) 8) dialog: I'm looking for a reason Roamin' through the night to find My place in this world My place in this world Lamb groans, stiffly swinging her legs out of bed. She wiggles her toes and reaches for a prescription PILL BOTT close at hand. Lamb dry-swallows four Vicodin pills in rapid succession- she’s a pro at this. We see that there’s a cup of HOT CHOCOLATE waiting for he the bed table. A CANDY CANE and some MINI-MARSHMALLOWS dissolve in the cocoa. Lamb moves the cup, revealing that napkin/coaster bears a handwritten message: “You R Still Pretty!!! XOxO Mom." Lamb wrinkles her nose at the cocoa.
0) 9) dialog: Ugh. Lamb exits the room and follows the sound of the talent s video to its source.
1) 0) text: The living room is bedecked with religious Christmas item Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 3. MELANIE and DOUG MANNERHEIM, Lamb’s surprisingly young parents, are watching the talent show video on a gigantic plasma TV. MELANIE is an attractive woman with flowing curls and a sparkling bejeweled cross necklace. DOUG has spiky hair and a fitted button-down shirt with E Hardy-esque embroidery on it. As they watch the video, Melanie provides rapid-fire commentary:
1) 5) dialog: Mom, you’re watching this again? Lamb has appeared in the living room entry, looking disheveled and vulnerable with her scars and compression garments on rare display. Melanie reacts as though she’s been caught watching porn.
1) 8) text: ‘Morning, Lamb.
1) 10) dialog: I asked you not to watch this anymore. I even hid the tape in Dad’s gun safe. Doug looks at Melanie. She sighs.
1) 12) dialog: I’m a burn victim. I’m always freezing. Read the pamphlets again. An awkward silence.
1) 16) dialog: Why the-- why the hell are you doing this to me? Both parents pause, surprised by her language. Lamb has n uttered the word “hell” in her life. (At least not in thi context.)
1) 18) dialog: This is bull. Now Doug and Melanie are shocked.
1) 21) dialog: I took it, Mom. I took four.
1) 23) dialog: Times four.
1) 25) dialog: Well, Mom, you’re supposed to be “tapering off” the scrapbooks and photo albums and talent show videos from back when I didn’t look like Frankenstein. Now turn it off. (hesitating) Damn it! Melanie shuts off the TV and stares at her daughter. Curs is one thing. Taking the Lord’s name in vain is another entirely. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.
1) 28) dialog: I was an English major.
1) 30) dialog: You might say I’m burned out on college, Dad. Get it? Ha ha.
1) 34) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I’m just not feeling well today. Got my monthly bill.
1) 36) dialog: I’m going to go practice my guest sermon, okay?
1) 40) dialog: Dr. Cha says I’m not supposed to put anything on there.
1) 42) dialog: Why? Melanie is putting away her makeup tools. She closes the tackle box.
1) 44) dialog: Mm-hm Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 8.
1) 46) dialog: (uncomfortable) That won’t be necessary.
1) 48) dialog: “My beloved family in worship. I stand here today as miraculous evidence of God’s healing grace...” Do I have to practice right now?
1) 50) dialog: (interrupting) Like a toot in the bathtub. I know.
3) 2) dialog: I think some of them just come for the smoothies. We see that one of the many entrances to the church superstructure says “GOD'S BOUNTY SMOOTHIES & COFFEE.”
3) 4) dialog: The Catholics get to drink the actual blood of Christ.
3) 6) dialog: Good for you, Mom.
3) 8) dialog: Sounds like The Notebook.
4) 4) dialog: Is that the picture you sent them? Why did you send them an old photo?
4) 6) dialog: I don’t look like that anymore. I looked like a Barbie. (MORE )
4) 8) dialog: Now I look like a Barbie that got tortured with a lighter.
4) 10) dialog: Mom!
5) 0) text: Lamb WAKES UP, a bit dazed. PASTOR RICK, the young, hands dynamic leader of the congregation, is introducing her.
5) 4) dialog: Thanks Pastor Rich. Good morning, everyone. I know you’re all expecting me to deliver testimony about the accident and how, through the grace of God, I recovered. But really, you were hoping to hear gory details about the crash. Like how I could smell myself burning, but I couldn’t feel it. On Melanie: her face falls. This wasn’t what they practic But Lamb remains calm, smiling, even serene.
5) 5) dialog: Isn't that funny? I was in the parking lot of a Kroger, on fire, and as I laid there, all I could think about was my shoes. That they looked strange. “I don’t remember wearing clogs today. Oh. I didn’t. They’re regular shoes, but they’re melting. And, come to think of it, so am I.” The crowd begins to murmur. Lamb continues brightly.
5) 6) dialog: Well, the accident was bad. But the surgeries-- those were even worse. Did you know they can take skin from your butt and put it on your back? And where does that leave your butt? (chuckling) I guess thongs are out of the question now! Sorry Pastor Rick. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 13. Now everyone is really uncomfortable.
5) 7) dialog: But enough of that. What I’m really here to say today is that the horrible, unspeakable pain I endured didn’t strengthen my faith in the slightest. In fact, I’ve become an athiest. I’m here to share my new wisdom with you. Everyone, there is no God. Pastor Rick appears at her side, but she slaps him away.
5) 8) dialog: Don’t touch me. My skin grafts are very fragile. I could bleed all over our nice new alter carpeting and then you’d have to take up another collection! (to congregation) Another collection. You already tithe most of your income to this place. How’s that working out for you? Do the skate park and the putting green make you feel more righteous?
5) 10) dialog: I’m not done yet, Mom. Almost. Okay, so I don’t believe in God. Here’s what I do believe: I believe in science. I believe in the doctors who were there when I woke up. I believe in opiates and morphine, which work whether you have faith in them or not. I’m willing to believe that the universe was created in an explosion, and that fish-creatures crawled out of the mud and evolved into human beings. And, in our next presidential election... (pause) I may vote for Obama. That does it. Chaos breaks out in the auditorium. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 14.
5) 11) dialog: Before I’m forcibly removed from the stage, I want to say that I’m leaving Billings for a while. I’ve spent my entire life abstaining from earthly vices and drinking the smoothie of ignorance concocted by this very church. Tomorrow, I’m getting on a plane to Las Vegas, Nevada, where I plan to gamble, drink alcohol, and frolic with homosexuals-— Melanie seizes control of the podium. Feedback squawks as Melanie grabs the mic and interrupts in a shaky voice.
5) 13) dialog: (sarcastic) What? Mother, I’m radiant! Melanie is too close to the mic. Her voice booms in an unintentionally hilarious way.
5) 15) dialog: Or don’t. The last time you prayed for me I wound up looking like this. Wah-wah!
5) 17) dialog: My shoulders look like turkey bacon! God who? As Melanie takes Lamb’s elbow and hustles her away from t podium, she accidentally hurts her daughter's skin.
5) 18) dialog: ow. She collapses and grabs her elbow. 15.
6) 0) text: Lamb is sitting on the crowded Vegas-bound PLANE. She wea modest dress and looks bewildered and overwhelmed. A TEENAGE GUY, 17, stashes his stuff in the overhead compartment and climbs into the seat next to hers. He stares at the fingerless COMPRESSION GARMENTS on her a and hands as if they’re some cool accessory.
6) 2) dialog: The Mayo Clinic. (then) They're compression garments. Like big Band-Aids.
6) 4) dialog: Do I what?
6) 6) dialog: No. The guy pulls up his arm to reveal a ladder of 4 or 5 sma pathetic red slashes. Scratches, barely.
6) 8) dialog: You should be ashamed of that.
6) 10) dialog: Because it’s disrespectful. That’s your arm. You are the earthly custodian of that arm and you choose to treat it like a whittling block?
6) 12) dialog: A block of wood that one whittles.
6) 14) dialog: "Type D"?
6) 16) dialog: When I feel “depressed”, I go fora bike ride in the sunshine or I play my flute or I read Scripture (catching herself) -- well, I don’t read Scripture since I renounced God, but the other two. Anyway, I would never cut my body. That seems counterintuitive if you’re trying to be of good cheer. The guy stares at her.
6) 18) dialog: I don’t watch TV. (quietly) Also, it’s not a cult. They’re just Baptists. A pause. The guy drums his fingers anxiously on the armre
6) 20) dialog: There’s pretty much zero chance this plane will go down.
6) 22) dialog: No. Factually speaking, the odds of this plane crashing are much lower than you realize. Like one in approximately ten trillion, since I’m on here.
6) 24) dialog: No. Because it never happens to anyone twice. The guy, realizing, stares at Lamb in awe.
6) 25) dialog: Type D. (shaking her head) D for Dummy. My goodness. She takes a brand new copy of The Audacity of Hope by Bar Obama out of her bag, cracks the spine, and begins readin
7) 0) text: The teenage guy sleeps. Lamb is wide awake, bored with he book. She gazes out the window. 18. She turns to the personal IN-FLIGHT ENTERTAINMENT SCREEN the seatback in front of her. She presses “Movies.” Lots of options come up. Lamb scrolls past the family- friendly categories, determined to corrupt herself. She chooses a category called “Exclusive! Vegas-Inspired Movi to Get You in the Mood!” We see a selection of famous Las Vegas moves: The Hangove What Happens in Vegas. Leaving Las Vegas and then... Showgirls. If it’s possible for a person to blush at the sight of a movie title, Lamb does. The movie is aptly described as “The Cult Classic Erotic Thriller!” Lamb glances at her seatmate. Still sleeping. The aisle s is occupied by a senior citizen doing Sudoku. Tentatively, Lamb presses “Play” on Showgirls. She makes no one is looking and settles in.
8) 0) text: Lamb is watching the infamous pool sex scene. Her brow is furrowed, as if she’s watching an interesting ritual from some foreign civilization. The teenage guy stirs. Lamb immediately leans forward and tries to turn off the movie.
8) 2) dialog: Showgirls.
8) 4) dialog: Well, I did. (primly) I love erotic thrillers. The guy cranes his neck to check out the screen
9) 0) text: Lamb moves through the airport, past the ding-ding-ding o slot machines and hordes of tourists. The whole place is decorated for Christmas and the mood is both festive and profane.
10) 0) text: Lamb stands at the baggage claim and waits for her suitca She carries her flute in a black case. Three STRIPPERS from the same flight wait just behind her the crowd. They wear sweatsuits in contrasting pastels. STRIPPER #1 is a Latina beauty with hair down to her wais and 0% body fat. She stamps her feet dramatically.
10) 7) dialog: This one? She grabs the bag with difficulty and swings it over to i owner. The strippers see the scars on Lamb’s arm as she reaches forward.
10) 12) dialog: The Lumberyard?
10) 14) dialog: Why would you be ashamed of that? Christ was a carpenter. The girls exchange glances and burst into peals of laught It’s not “mean girl” laughter, per se, but genuine surpri at Lamb’s dorkiness.
10) 16) dialog: Oh. Ah. You’d think I would have gotten that, since I just watched Showgirls on the plane. (whispering) I know all about what you do. An awkward beat.
11) 0) text: Lamb approaches the taxi stand, where a jaded ATTENDANT f down cars. Clutching her printed itinerary, she takes a d breath.
11) 1) dialog: One taxi, please.
11) 3) dialog: Um, the Planet Hollywood Resort?
11) 5) dialog: Planet Hollywood. 22. The attendant tosses her pink suitcase carelessly into th trunk of a waiting cab. It lands with a THUNK as Lamb mee protests.
11) 6) dialog: Hey, I have dishes in there. The man stares at her.
11) 8) dialog: (to driver) Sir? Is there a shoulder belt?
12) 0) text: Lamb admires the spectacular lights of the Strip from the back of the cab. Remembering Showgirls, she decides to as about a certain Vegas landmark.
12) 1) dialog: Excuse me, sir. Where is the Stardust? The driver's accent and ethnic background are impossible place.
12) 3) dialog: The Stardust Hotel. Where they have the Goddess musical performance?
12) 5) dialog: Oh, no. (whispering) Was it Muslims?
12) 7) dialog: Trop light?
12) 9) dialog: Kind of looks like Disney World.
12) 11) dialog: No. I wasn’t allowed to, because the Disney Corporation supports the homosexual agenda.
13) 0) text: The driver takes Lamb’s pink suitcase out of the trunk. L nervously peels off a few bills from a conspicuously larg WAD OF CASH.
13) 1) dialog: Here.
13) 3) dialog: Yes?
13) 5) dialog: Yes, sir. Emphatically so.
13) 7) dialog: Satanists. Lamb turns and walks toward the hotel with her suitcase a her flute. The driver looks down with surprise at the LARGE WAD OF M she’s handed him.
14) 0) text: Lamb walks into the hotel. She scans the room nervously. early in the evening. TOURISTS play craps and blackjack a wander around with drinks. The scene is relatively tame a even a little hokey. Lamb seems relieved.
14) 1) dialog: Huh. It’s kinda like Branson. An OLD WOMAN pulls the lever on a cheesy branded slot machine. The machine discharges a few quarters. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 25.
14) 2) dialog: No problem. She steps forward bravely.
15) 0) text: Lamb, checked in, tucks her room key into her pocket. She about to walk to the elevator, but she pauses and goes in the hotel’s gift shop. Lamb takes a tacky, sparkly T-shirt off one of the racks. says “I (HEART) LAS VEGAS,” only instead of a heart, ther - nonsensically-- a pair of dice.
15) 1) dialog: (whispering) “I Dice Las Vegas.” It doesn't look like anything Lamb would normally wear. B nothing about this night is normal.
16) 0) text: Lamb, now holding a SHOPPING BAG, waits for an elevator t take her up to her room. From where she stands, we can already hear some raucous shouting coming up the elevator shaft. The elevator doors open, revealing about 5 WET FRAT BOYS coming up from the pool area. They’re drunk and in variou states of undress. Think damp towels, tribal tattoos, steroidal acne and loud, booming voices.
17) 2) dialog: Hello. One of the guys begins to crowd her in a creepy way. He strokes her ponytail. One of them whispers
17) 5) dialog: I’m from D.C.
17) 7) dialog: Yes. I’m a federal agent. Drug enforcement.
17) 9) dialog: I just orchestrated a huge meth lab sting in Iowa. The place blew sky high. Messed me up pretty bad, as you can see. But I’m back in action. Vegas is my new beat. Lamb's voice is shaking, but she sticks to her story. 27.
17) 11) dialog: I'm looking forward to making some arrests. The people here aren’t very discreet, so it should be easy! Plus, I’m a super-smeller. You know drug-sniffing dogs? I'ma drug-sniffing human. I’m accurate up to four yards, that’s how I got into the DEA. I beat out a golden retriever in tests.
17) 14) dialog: This isn’t your level is it? This looks like a convention of Chicano attorneys. An easel-style SIGN welcomes people to the NATIONAL CONFERENCE OF CHICANO ATTORNEYS. Nevertheless, the frat guys all scurry off the elevator, failing to blend in with the crowd. Lamb exhales as the doors close. She closes her eyes. The encounter scared her more than she let on.
18) 0) text: Lamb takes out her key card. We see a group of cute, happ SOMETHING GIRLS headed out for a night on the town. They down the hall toward the elevator, holding hands.
18) 5) dialog: Phenomenal. Phenomenal. She slides her key into the door. The light turns green.
19) 0) text: It’s a much nicer hotel room than we might expect a young small-town traveler to stay in. Lamb unzips her suitcase. There’s a BROKEN “FIESTAWARE” DISH on top of her neatly folded clothes. She sadly removes the pieces.
19) 1) dialog: Shoot. There are three other dishes that are intact. Lamb remove them and carefully stacks them on the TV console. Then, she begins to hang up her clothes.
20) 0) text: Through frosted glass, we can barely make out Lamb’s silhouette. She stands in a big, square Vegas bathtub. He compression garments are hanging on the towel rack. Rather than normal showering sounds, we hear a trickle of water. Lamb is washing herself slowly and methodically. H hand clutches a bar for support. We see how her movement limited and that something as simple as bathing has becom complicated for her. She quietly sings, her voice echoing off the walls.
20) 1) dialog: (singing) The wind is moving, but I am standing still... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 29.
21) 0) text: Lamb slides a compression sleeve up her arm.
21) 1) dialog: A life of pages, waiting to be filled...
22) 0) text: Lamb, now wearing her sequined Vegas T-shirt and her customary knee-length denim skirt, brushes her hair and slides her stocking-covered feet into pink flats.
22) 1) dialog: Feels like I'm looking for a reason...
23) 0) text: Lamb rides down to the lobby with a group of shoddily dre TOURISTS. As always, she wears her cardigan, though the T shirt’s sequined logo is visible. She sings under her bre
23) 1) dialog: Roamin' through the night to find... The doors open.
23) 2) dialog: My place in this world. My place...
24) 0) text: As the elevator doors open, Lamb’s ears are suddenly assaulted with autotuned, bass-heavy hip-hop music. The m of the hotel has changed considerably. Shit is GOING OFF. Lamb walks through the casino, observing the chaos. A few hired DANCERS are working the pole next to a craps table. Lamb stares at their hard, flawless bodies as they writhe and gyrate, bored. A PREGNANT BRIDE in handcuffs and a light-up “penis tiara gets led through the lobby by her FRIENDS. Lamb’s eyes wi as the colorful penises blink at her, as if in code. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 30. In a nearby bar, a MIDDLE-AGED MAN plants his mouth at th bottom of an ice luge while someone pours vodka down the ramp.
24) 1) dialog: That doesn’t seem clean. At a centrally located casino buffet, TOURISTS scoop pile crab legs onto their plates. Even something as innocent a food seems to become excessive and wasteful in Las Vegas. A crab leg falls off the plate of a JOLLY FEMALE TOURIST.
24) 2) dialog: Excuse me, you dropped a...leg.
24) 4) dialog: A crab was trapped and asphyxiated so that you might be nourished by its leg. The woman still isn’t listening. Lamb might as well be invisible. Finally, Lamb scurries over to the buffet area picks the leg off the floor. Immediately, a STERN BUFFET ATTENDANT rushes away from hi prime rib carving station and confronts Lamb.
24) 6) dialog: (shocked) I wasn’t scavenging. She’s wasting food.
24) 8) dialog: I did not scurry. These people are gluttons. (MORE )
24) 10) dialog: It’s like they think crabs come from a factory, rather than a delicate marine ecosystem. They have no respect for life.
24) 12) dialog: What? No.
24) 14) dialog: I don’t think so...
24) 16) dialog: I suppose I just think buffets are wasteful.
25) 0) text: Lamb walks down the street, dejected. She passes a NASTY LITTLE MAN handing out fliers for female escorts.
25) 4) dialog: (holding up comic) Ah yes. A fine title from Salvation Press. I’m acquainted with this one. At the end, the gamblers all go to hell and learn that God’s love was the real jackpot. Oh, and Jews are vampires. The end. She hands the comic book back to the evangelist.
25) 6) dialog: Do I look saved?
25) 8) dialog: My parents used to take me to Bighorn Canyon every summer. There’s this place where you can stand on the edge and get a triple echo if you yell loud enough.
25) 10) dialog: I would just yell my own name over and over, and eventually I could convince myself that someone was calling out to me.
25) 12) dialog: You're wasting your life. I can already tell it’s too late for me to be normal. Maybe it’s not too late for you.
26) 0) text: Lamb has been wandering for a while when she comes upon t enormous neon facade of the Imperial Palace. There’s a si advertising “LIVE DEALER-TAINERS! Only place in Vegas whe the dealers SING and DANCE!" Lamb shrugs, exhausted, and enters.
27) 0) text: MUSIC UP: “Holly Jolly Christmas” Lamb enters the lobby of the hotel. The night is in full swing. She walks toward the main bar. The bartender, “SWEET” WILLIAM CARR, is in his mid thirti He would be handsome in the right scenario, but Vegas has taken its toll on him. His hair is a mess, his expression weary, and arms are patterned with tattoos of questionabl quality.
27) 1) dialog: Excuse me, bartender? William seems annoyed by this formal mode of address.
27) 3) dialog: I’ll have the peach schnapps. William shudders visibly at this request.
27) 5) dialog: No thanks. Takes up too much room in the glass, and I want as much liquor as possible. At this point, William is humoring her.
27) 8) dialog: It doesn’t really make sense, does it? William likes to spook young girls. He lunges across and stares her down accusingly.
27) 10) dialog: Oh, great. ‘Cause that’s totally why I’m here. William slides the schnapps across to Lamb. the bar 35.
27) 11) dialog: When do the “dealer-tainers” perform?
27) 24) dialog: But it’s beautiful.
27) 27) dialog: I don’t know what that is.
27) 30) dialog: Lamb. Lamb Mannerheim. She offers him her GLOVED HAND. He notices the compressio garment for the first time, but only hesitates for an ins before shaking her hand. Loray finishes her song on a high, clear note.
27) 33) dialog: My first anything.
27) 39) dialog: I loved your song. Loray barely glances at Lamb.
27) 43) dialog: I’m 21. Loray glances at Lamb’s modest decolletage.
27) 52) dialog: I’m here in town alone, actually. Loray looks up from her drink and snorts.
27) 54) dialog: Excuse me?
27) 56) dialog: No.
27) 58) dialog: That’s my real name.
27) 60) dialog: This is my hair. 40.
27) 62) dialog: Real blonde. I’m half Finnish. Loray tosses back most of her cocktail.
27) 65) dialog: Watch my purse, please. Thanks!
28) 2) dialog: I’m not a showgirl. Loray pumps soap into her hands, annoyed.
28) 4) dialog: I care very much. I care how I’m perceived. Besides, I could never do that even if I wanted to. (solemn) People would stare. I have a condition. A skin condition. She holds up her gloved hands. Loray, who is casually rin her hands in the sink, barely glances.
28) 7) dialog: Um... Loray walks up to the high-tech Dyson hand dryer, her dripping fingers outstretched.
28) 10) dialog: I'm from a conservative religious community where I wasn’t allowed to date or dance or even attend a normal school. Then I was in an accident that left a third of my body burned and disfigured. I don’t think there is a God anymore, which is a pretty big deal for me to be saying, because God used to be sorta my jam. Loray blinks. 42.
28) 11) dialog: I left my home for the first time today because I feel like I’ve missed out on all of this and I want to experience worldly pleasures for the first time.
28) 13) dialog: No, I--
28) 16) dialog: Oh.
28) 18) dialog: Yes.
28) 20) dialog: No. No, not a criminal. I just want to be an American. 43.
29) 0) text: Loray is walking quickly across the casino floor. She’s changed into STREET CLOTHES and carries a backpack. Lamb trots after her eagerly.
29) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
29) 3) dialog: Montana. They're veering back toward the BAR, where William regard them with curiosity.
29) 5) dialog: Well, intoxicants, games of chance...
29) 7) dialog: Um, well, just basically the whole Vegas experience. (then) Hey, thanks for watching my purse! They've arrived at the bar. Lamb takes her purse from William, who looks a bit guilty.
29) 11) dialog: You should come with us!
29) 15) dialog: Wait! This is to pay for my drink. She tosses a single bill onto the bar as Loray hustles he toward the casino exit.
29) 17) dialog: Mannerheim.
29) 19) dialog: No! They disappear out the casino doors.
29) 21) dialog: No, it’s cool! Did you really think I was Jewish? Wow! BACK ON WILLIAM: Watching their departing forms, William scoops the money off the bar. Like the cab driver, he’s surprised by the bill’s denomination. INT. LORAY’S CAR - NIGHT Lamb rides shotgun in Loray’s beat-up Hyundai. We hear a DIALOGUE SNIPPET from the Natural Born Killers soundtrack followed by the appropriate song.
29) 22) dialog: Why are we leaving?
29) 24) dialog: But we’re in Las Vegas.
29) 27) dialog: Well, maybe I want to see Paradise, then.
29) 31) dialog: It’s just that I’ve never been to a theme park. Besides Creation Land.
29) 33) dialog: It’s a place in South Dakota with rides and um, exhibits about how humans were created by God and lived among the dinosaurs. Loray throws her head back and laughs heartily.
29) 34) dialog: They have a pretty cool log ride...Oh, the Trop Light. This is the worst, huh? They're stuck at the infamous traffic light. Loray looks suspiciously at Lamb.
29) 36) dialog: It bothers me so much when you say things like that.
29) 38) dialog: Terrible. EXT. “REAL” LAS VEGAS - NIGHT Loray drives through downtown Vegas, aka “Glitter Gulch.” Everything seems dirtier, more tragic, and also much more romantic.
29) 40) dialog: This is where you go for fun?
29) 42) dialog: (surprised) You go to school?
29) 44) dialog: We had a visiting pastor from Africa all last summer.
29) 46) dialog: What’s your major? Loray expertly maneuvers herself into a parking spot.
29) 48) dialog: Oh. There was nothing like that at my college. Lamb shakes her head as they climb out of the car.
29) 50) dialog: We weren’t allowed to wear shorts. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 48.
30) 0) text: A line of LOCAL HIPSTERS snakes around outside Loray’s favorite bar, The Sceptre. Loray and Lamb are quickly wav to the front of the line.
31) 0) text: Close on Lamb’S GLOVED HAND, gripping an oversized LEVER.
31) 3) dialog: What’s “bar”? Did I lose?
31) 5) dialog: You deal cards for a living.
31) 12) dialog: It is?
31) 14) dialog: Maybe don’t do that.
31) 16) dialog: I saw The Passion of the Christ.
31) 19) dialog: Thanks?
32) 0) text: A HIPSTER GIRL and her GAY HIPSTER FRIEND drape a trendy fringed SCARF over Lamb’s neck, tucking it fashionably.
32) 2) dialog: I like it. What is it?
32) 4) dialog: A what?
32) 6) dialog: (choked) Muslim?
32) 10) dialog: Okay. The two of them admire their handiwork. The scarf does lo kind of adorable on Lamb.
32) 14) dialog: Why does everyone keep saying phenomenal? A scarf isn't a phenomenon of any kind.
33) 0) text: Lamb and another GROUP OF HIPSTERS are on the postage-sta sized dance floor. Everyone BOPS AROUND to the Black Keys Lamb bends her knees awkwardly. She doesn’t know how to d and her skin grafts limit her movement.
33) 3) dialog: It was a single-engine plane.
33) 6) dialog: (dry) Are you sure?
33) 8) dialog: Hey, I just realized that we do have something in common.
33) 10) dialog: Yes. You don’t have any black friends either.
33) 12) dialog: “Snowy Piste.”
33) 16) dialog: Right, he doesn’t come out. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 53. William makes his way to dance floor. He looks good in hi non-bartender street clothes. Tough, but good.
33) 19) dialog: I haven't had a sip. As it turns out, I’m hopeless at drinking. Loray grabs Lamb’s beer can and shotguns it.
33) 21) dialog: I’m going to go get a cup of water or something. Smiling, she dashes off to the bar. Loray shimmies up nex William, dancing. He frowns at her as she does the Swim.
33) 30) dialog: Would you believe I got this for free? They said designated drivers get free pop.
33) 33) dialog: I’m fine. (then) I don’t see any seats, anyway. The bar is indeed packed, sweaty and seat-less. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 55.
33) 36) dialog: (yes) No.
33) 38) dialog: Why, because you have a leather jacket and some tattoos? Big deal. I know ministers who look as “tough” as you. Punks for Jesus. Yeah, that’s old news.
33) 40) dialog: They're playing a part, same as you. I don’t know what you’re selling, but I suspect you're as toothless as they are.
33) 42) dialog: What? William would never, but he’s very convincing.
33) 44) dialog: (emphatic) Take me upstairs, please. Everyone turns around, surprised.
34) 0) text: William gently helps Lamb up the steep bar stairs. She’s having trouble.
34) 1) dialog: Thanks. (embarrassed) I get really sore and stiff at night. I’m just-- I can’t move very well anymore.
34) 3) dialog: Dancing? No. All I can do is sort of bounce up and down.
34) 5) dialog: (tight-lipped) Mm-hm. Lamb’s not sure why she’s following this guy upstairs, bu it’s too late to turn back.
35) 0) text: William unhooks a rope blocking the entrance. The upstair bar is a quiet, empty room with an old-school big screen a Christmas tree, and plenty of seating. Lamb and William down at a high-top table. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 57. There’s a row of PAPER CHRISTMAS STOCKINGS tacked to the with EMPLOYEES’ names on them.
35) 1) dialog: Oh, stockings for the people who work here. That must be so fun. William can’t help but smile at Lamb’s wistful enthusiasm everyday things.
35) 2) dialog: You don’t have anything to drink.
35) 4) dialog: Like me.
35) 6) dialog: Oh. Lamb opens her purse, looking for something. She pulls ou the FLIER advertising “Ryder,” the prostitute. Her face f as she looks at the image.
35) 8) dialog: I got this on the street. She shows him solemnly, as if it’s a rare, horrible artif
35) 10) dialog: I can’t stop thinking about her. I wish I could find her. She must be so scared, don’t you think? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 58.
35) 12) dialog: The picture might be fake, and the name might be fake, but if you dial this number, a real human being shows up. William scans the flier.
35) 14) dialog: (interrupting) I’m worried about her. William, jaded, can’t believe how idealistic this girl is
35) 16) dialog: My religion (catching herself) Well, I’m an atheist now, but my former religion says if you can save one soul, you can save the world. Lamb is rummaging in her purse. She takes out her VICODIN BOTTLE and opens it. She shakes out three pills. Shakes again. NOTHING LEFT.
35) 17) dialog: Oh no. Oh gosh.
35) 19) dialog: Some of my pills are missing. I need these.
35) 21) dialog: Somebody stole from me. They stole medication from a burn survivor. (then) Do you think Loray would take it? William’s guilt is suddenly compounded.
35) 23) dialog: I don’t know her.
35) 25) dialog: Okay. The mood has changed. Lamb swallows one of her remaining Vicodins as William looks around for something, anything, cheer her up. He glances at the big TV.
35) 27) dialog: (dejected) Sure. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 60.
37) 0) text: William takes a remote from behind the bar and turns on t big TV. He flips through the channels and finds... The classic 1960s special, Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Lamb reacts like a delighted child.
37) 1) dialog: Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer! I remember this. William watches with her, equally pleased. The light flic on their faces.
37) 3) dialog: I watched this like, every year when I was little. Then my parents realized it left the Christ out of Christmas, and that was the end of that. They watch for a moment. It’s the “Island of Misfit Toys” sequence, in which a haunting song is sung by imperfect t a polka-dotted elephant, a boat that doesn’t float, a tra with square wheels, and a lonely little rag doll (among others).
37) 4) dialog: Oh, this part is so sad. These are the Misfit Toys. Nobody wants them because they’re defective.
37) 8) dialog: I don’t know. Nobody wants her.
37) 10) dialog: We probably just can’t see what’s wrong with her.
37) 12) dialog: Yeah.
37) 14) dialog: Nah.
37) 20) dialog: No, I’m fine now. Much better. They rise and head toward the stairwell. Loray continues babbling happily.
38) 0) text: Lamb, William and Loray walk down Fremont Street, eating DOGS from a busy food truck. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 63.
38) 2) dialog: I think it could be my religion. CHARLIE, the CUTE GIRL BARTENDER suddenly rushes up to La still wearing her bar apron.
38) 4) dialog: No problem.
38) 6) dialog: Great. Charlie, grinning, runs back into the bar. William realiz Lamb has left another massive tip, but shrugs it off as typical weirdness.
38) 8) dialog: I’m really not sure. A beat as they walk. William changes the subject, ticking Lamb's “crimes” off on his fingers.
38) 10) dialog: Yes. I failed at all three tasks.
38) 16) dialog: Hm? William shoots an annoyed look at Loray.
38) 18) dialog: (flustered) Okay. Well. Okay then. Let’s go...see...Goddess.
38) 20) dialog: You know. The adults-only show? With the topless girls and the volcanoes? (sighing) You know, where Nomi performs in Showgirls? I know the Stardust isn’t there anymore, but maybe they moved the show to a different venue. Loray bursts out laughing.
38) 22) dialog: I know! I just thought maybe Goddess was real. The character of Nomi, she makes such a big deal about being in it.
38) 26) dialog: All right, I’m an idiot. I'ma gullible idiot from the prairie. Where do we go next, then?
38) 28) dialog: I thought we hated Paradise. I thought Paradise was processed cheese and dumb fountains, etcetera.
38) 31) dialog: Um, I sort of need to find a pharmacy first. I take medication. For my pain. And somebody stole most of it. Loray glances at William. A COLD, DISAPPOINTED GLANCE, bu brief enough that Lamb doesn’t notice. Lamb turns to Lora
38) 32) dialog: Do you think it could be one of your friends? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 66.
38) 39) dialog: Later! Peace out. Loray rolls her eyes.
39) 0) text: William waits behind the wheel of his TOYOTA. Lamb runs o of the 24-hour Walgreens clutching a PAPER BAG from the pharmacy. She slides into the front seat cheerfully.
39) 1) dialog: Phew. That wasn’t so hard. They had it right there in the computer. He watches her gobble down a couple of pills with a bit t much enthusiasm.
39) 5) dialog: Yes?
39) 7) dialog: I have very serious injuries.
39) 9) dialog: I know all this. I spent six months in a hospital. I’m not some pill- abusing druggie criminal like the people you might know from “the joint.”
39) 13) dialog: Look, I know you guys think what I’m doing here is so funny, but you have no idea how serious it is to me. Being here tonight goes against every belief that’s been instilled in me. It’s like bending a bone backwards. I’m trying to smile and have fun and let go, but I feel like I’m going to snap.
39) 15) dialog: Well, when does it get fun? I just want to have fun. How is this something people enjoy? Bars aren't fun. That bar smelled like the flu. And that dumb slot machine wasn’t fun. It took my money and just said “bar.” Great, I just paid ten dollars for a machine to tell me where I am. It’s not fun, William. I just want to do something that’s fun for me. William considers what might be fun for Lamb.
41) 0) text: Lamb, William and Loray wait in line for the roller coast Loray’s arms are crossed and she’s pissed off. Lamb, howe looks THRILLED.
41) 1) dialog: Now this is wild and crazy, you guys!
41) 3) dialog: They didn’t have a roller coaster at Creation Land. I’ve never been on one. Aren’t you guys excited?
41) 5) dialog: Loray, I think you might be Type D.
41) 7) dialog: You don’t know? It means depressed.
41) 9) dialog: What?
41) 14) dialog: Yes.
41) 16) dialog: I’m sorry.
41) 22) dialog: What was the right answer? What was I supposed to say. William tries to put a friendly arm around Loray, but she shrugs him off, annoyed. Now we can see she’s REALLY MAD, not about the Bagger Vance thing.
42) 0) text: William, Lamb and Loray stand behind the automated airgat as the COASTER TRAIN arrives in the station.
42) 2) dialog: But then I have to sit next to a strange man in a cowboy outfit.
42) 4) dialog: The cowboy outfit has no...behind part.
43) 0) text: Lamb's head is hanging between her knees.
43) 2) dialog: Yes. I’m phenomenal. She stands up. We see a spot of BLOOD on the elbow of her cardigan.
43) 4) dialog: (downplaying) I think I bumped my elbow going around one of those turns. William pulls up the sleeve of the cardigan. Lamb recoils from this violation of privacy.
43) 5) dialog: Stop it. The elbow of Lamb’s compression garment is SOAKED in bloo Loray winces and looks away.
43) 7) dialog: It’s my skin graft. William is trying to stay calm.
43) 9) dialog: Yeah, at a special clinic in Minnesota for human-jerky. I TOLD you I was a mess. I told you. Nobody ever believes me. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
43) 11) dialog: Chill? I’m tired of “taking it easy.” I’ve been taking it easy for two years now and I feel like I’m rotting alive.
43) 13) dialog: My gosh, I never thought about it that way. You’re so wise. On Loray: OWNED.
43) 15) dialog: Enough fun my skinless ass! It’s easy for you to say “enough” and to “take it easy”, because you already got to do everything you wanted. You already got to screw up and disappoint your whole family. On William: sadly, this is true.
43) 16) dialog: You've got those lines on your face and that silver in your hair because you lived. Now it’s my turn.
43) 18) dialog: (through tears) Yes I do. 76.
43) 20) dialog: The flute.
43) 25) dialog: Don’t bother. They’1l just wrap it in some gauze and parade me around in front of the med students. I hate when people treat me like I’m some kind of curiosity. Loray glances at William. Guilty. 77.
43) 26) dialog: I’m just going to go back to my hotel.
43) 28) dialog: Why not? I took a taxi from the airport. I know what I’m doing.
44) 0) text: William flags a CAB. Loray waits with Lamb on the sidewal taxi appears and pulls up to the curb. William gives Loray a friendly hug and a peck.
44) 3) dialog: You go ahead. I want to say goodbye to Loray. William shrugs and hops in, leaving Loray and Lamb on the sidewalk.
44) 4) dialog: It was truly a pleasure to meet you. I know our time together was short, but I valued it.
44) 6) dialog: Oh, sheesh, it’s fine. It’s not like I’m a virgin.
44) 8) dialog: I’ve had sex. Of course. (explaining) I had sexual relations with Pastor Rick, or just “Rick” as he asked me to call him during that fateful youth retreat. I’d been attracted to him for a while and I succumbed to baser urges. Looking back, I can see that it was an abuse of power on his part, but what’s done is done... Loray’s like what the fuck?
44) 9) dialog: Don’t tell me you’re surprised. You think fundamentalist Christians don’t have sex? (MORE )
44) 11) dialog: Ha, everyone has sex. It’s the one thing they haven’t figured out how to control.
44) 13) dialog: Even the church leaders do it. Sometimes they get caught with other men, even! Don’t you read the news? She hops into the cab, shrugging cheerfully despite her injury. Loray prevents her from shutting the car door.
44) 15) dialog: You don’t care.
44) 17) dialog: I don’t know.
44) 21) dialog: Hey, you know how you said no one ever came looking for you? That nobody cares where you are? 80.
44) 23) dialog: Well, I followed you into the bathroom. And then I followed you downtown and, well, I gotta say... more people should come looking for you. They’d find some amazing things. Lamb reaches, painfully, to shut the CAB DOOR. Loray intercepts, closing it gently and waving goodbye to her “Disney princess.”
45) 0) text: William and Lamb enter the lobby. William is holding Lamb injured elbow. They look cozy. Yet another group of adorable young COLLEGE GIRLS walks b They're not “bad girls” ; they’re just having the time of their life. They carry drinks and laugh. Lamb watches the enviously. This is the normal life she dreams of. Three of them cluster together for a photo while one hold her camera phone.
45) 2) dialog: Where do you think they’re going? William is dismissive. Derisive, even.
45) 4) dialog: I want to go to the club.
45) 6) dialog: Just for a minute. Just for one minute so I can see.
45) 8) dialog: You don’t have to mince words around me, William. You can say butt. Look, I said “butt” and hell didn’t swallow me up. A crying BRIDE stomps past, holding up her soiled hem.
45) 10) dialog: Let's go.
45) 12) dialog: (surprised) Okay? Okay! She clutches her elbow in pain, grinning.
46) 0) text: A long line of CLUBGOERS snakes out of a huge, high-conce Vegas hotel nightclub. William moves easily to the front of the line, exchanges pleasantries with the DOOR GUY, and ushers Lamb in.
47) 0) text: The interior of the club is a dark labyrinth. There are beautiful half-naked GIRLS dancing everywhere in Eden-the fig leaf ensembles. The music is bone-jarringly loud. Lamb keeps one hand on William’s shoulder as he cuts thro the crowd. She’s never seen this many people crammed into place. 82. They finally emerge at the CENTER OF THE CLUB. It’s the t of night when drunk and drugged people completely lose th minds. It’s so loud that William can’t speak to Lamb, and vice versa. He simply gestures as if to say, “Here we are Lamb's expression is hard to read. Her face is solemn. Th are CLUB KIDS going wild all around them. Lamb is surroun by mayhem and indecency. William is concerned. Has he gon too far? A TINSEL CANNON goes off, spewing silver tinsel into the It pours down on the cheering crowd. Lamb can’t move, but she smiles. She starts laughing. It’ the happiest William has seen her.
48) 0) text: Lamb and William are standing in the corner of an OPEN ELEVATOR, about to ride up to her floor. Lamb’s hair is f of tinsel. Suddenly, two of the FRAT GUYS we saw when Lamb first arr run to make the elevator. One shoves his hand between the closing doors; they both hop in. Their eyes are bloodshot they're clearly messed up on some kind of disco biscuits.
48) 1) dialog: Hi, guys! The two GUYS freeze, horrified.
48) 3) dialog: No, silly, narcs report to me. I’m a fed, remember? The guys back away.
48) 4) dialog: This is my partner, Officer Cha. William plays along flawlessly.
48) 8) dialog: Your pupils are unusually large. I better get my eye flashlight. The frat guys are wildly stabbing the “open door” button.
48) 12) dialog: Only a few hours, I swear. INT. HOTEL ROOM - 3:00 A.M. Lamb and William enter Lamb’s suite. William is surprised its size.
48) 14) dialog: I had a coupon. This seems an unlikely explanation, but William lets it g
48) 15) dialog: I was planning to stay here for a while anyway. William looks around the immaculate suite. He sees Lamb's clothing. Her Obama book. Her flute in its case. Then he Lamb's DISHES sitting in a neat stack. 84.
48) 17) dialog: I brought my own dishes from home. I don’t know why people find this so strange! (exasperated) I had to let go of a lot of prejudices and fears to come to Las Vegas, so I don’t know why it’s such a big deal that I’d want to have my own tableware. I should have something familiar. Hotels are notoriously dirty.
48) 19) dialog: Really?
48) 21) dialog: Should I take it off?
48) 23) dialog: You didn’t have to come all the way to my room. I could have found my way up from the lobby.
48) 25) dialog: Well, that’s a bit like hypnotizing chickens. (off his blank look) Easy. William sits down on the DESK CHAIR.
48) 27) dialog: I don’t know. I just don’t want to go back to Billings.
48) 29) dialog: I'm figuring that out.
48) 31) dialog: Where are you from?
48) 34) dialog: Abhh... We think she’s going to protest.
48) 35) dialog: .--bviously.
48) 37) dialog: I left my purse with you and you're a recovering drug addict. My mom always says that when people tell you who they are, you should listen. William nods: fair enough.
48) 38) dialog: I mean, I understand. I’m not without my vices. I’m totally addicted to-- well, you know those vanilla sandwich cookies, with the creme filling? I love them. If you had a big bag of those cookies, boy, when you weren’t looking? I'd eat a couple. Maybe I’d eat 10. My flesh is weak. She’s anything but weak, and William knows that.
48) 40) dialog: No, I’1l admit it. I love vanilla sandwich cookies. (quietly, almost whispering) And also Vicodin.
48) 42) dialog: I don’t know.
48) 44) dialog: William, I mean no offense. But are you trying to get into my surgical support hose?
48) 48) dialog: Rural Route 13. And don’t go.
48) 50) dialog: Don't go.
48) 52) dialog: It’s a very potent act to put your faith in someone who’s lost their faith in themselves.
48) 54) dialog: Will you help me with something that might seem weird? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 88.
48) 56) dialog: Hi. I have a question. My name is Lamb. (calmly) No, actually I am not a prostitute. EXT. CHEETAH STRIP CLUB - 4:00 A.M. Dusk approaches. Lamb, still in her bloodied cardigan and jeans, approaches the cheesy, neo-Classical facade of the CHEETAH GENTLEMAN'S CLUB. William is apprehensive about t plan.
48) 58) dialog: Certainly not. I have to go alone.
48) 60) dialog: You can’t do that.
48) 62) dialog: (interrupting) I trust you! It’s just that I will die of embarrassment if I have to enter this temple of Jezebel with a guy that I like!
49) 0) text: Lamb enters. The vibe at a strip club at 4:00 AM is a str one. Some of the GIRLS are cashing out. There are girls onstage, girls leaving. Lamb scans the room. A baby-faced, Michael Cera-esque MANAGER approaches her.
49) 5) dialog: I’m looking for someone. The manager sighs.
49) 7) dialog: Peace be with you. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 90.
50) 0) text: Lamb crosses the club floor. It’s a sad place that masks sadness with colorful lights and thumping music. Lamb looks at one of the dancers and realizes: it’s STRIP #3 from the airport baggage claim. The girl meets Lamb’s gaze; she recognizes her, vaguely, but is too fucked up o something or other to register much. Lamb waves and continues across the floor. She follows tw GIRLS up a STAIRWAY and through an open door.
51) 0) text: Lamb cautiously enters the large, grimy DRESSING ROOM. Sh brightens immediately. She’s found the person she was loo for: A tired BRUNETTE in her mid-thirties, checking her makeup in the mirror. She wears a Santa Claus bikini.
51) 1) dialog: Hello. Are you Ryder? “Ryder” has to think about that one.
51) 3) dialog: I called the number on the flier. Ryder takes a plastic BRUSH out of her purse and begins brushing the matted ends of her hair extensions.
51) 5) dialog: I know. The agency told me. I asked where I could find you, and they said you dance here.
51) 7) dialog: I know. I’m afraid I lied. I told them I was your babysitter and there was an emergency. Ryder bristles, alarmed.
51) 9) dialog: I don’t.
51) 11) dialog: Oh no, it’s just me. Lamb picks up a can of DISINFECTANT and sprays it liberal all over the room.
51) 13) dialog: I just like things to be nice. Ryder is straddling the nasty old “boudoir” chair in her thin bikini bottoms.
51) 16) dialog: I'd like to pay you for your time. Is there somewhere we can speak privately.
52) 0) text: Lamb and Ryder soak their feet in a nasty old Jacuzzi in strip club dressing room. Lamb’s SUPPORT HOSE are off. Th water bubbles around their ankles.
52) 1) dialog: So this is nice!
52) 3) dialog: Okay, here's the thing: I’ma Christian. And a big part of that, at least ideally, is reaching out to people. Where there is charity, there is God. Ryder has been proselytized at before.
52) 5) dialog: Wait. Listen, I know what it’s like to not believe in anything. You see my scars?
52) 7) dialog: I was in a plane that went down. The boy who was courting me-- my boyfriend, I guess you would call him-- he was a pilot in the Air Force. It was our first date without a chaperone, and he decided to take me up. He was very experienced, but... Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 93.
52) 9) dialog: He got lucky.
52) 11) dialog: No, he died. This matter-of-fact statement reveals how truly difficult Lamb’s recovery has been.
52) 13) dialog: You said it, Ryder! That’s been my whole crisis. My cross to bear if you'll pardon the expression. I know you don’t like “religious stuff.”
52) 15) dialog: But if that hadn’t happened- the pain, the operations, the skin grafts, everything-- I wouldn’t have been able to come here. I wouldn’t have come to this incredibly spiritual city. I wouldn't have made new friends that I couldn’t have found anywhere else in the world. I wouldn’t have met William...
52) 17) dialog: Technically, this is Paradise.
52) 19) dialog: No. I know it seems strange to suffer so much pain for just the tiniest flash of beauty-- but it’s fair. I don’t know how, but it adds up. The world is tipped in favor of goodness. That’s how I know someone is there. I can’t see him, or her, or it, but I know. I can feel His hand on the scale, making things even out. Giving our lives worth. Ryder makes a face that (somewhat) approximates a SMILE.
52) 23) dialog: I’m giving you five grand in cash, and writing you a much bigger check as well. I know you guys don’t take checks, but I promise I’m good for it.
52) 25) dialog: There was a problem with the plane. Major mechanical failure. Our families-- my family and Micah’s family-- they sued and won. I’m worth like, eight million? She places the check and the cash on the side of the Jacu tub, as if it doesn’t matter if it falls in or gets soggy Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
52) 26) dialog: I think people expected me to give it to my church, but I have some other ideas. Maybe I’1l be like... a traveling ministry. People are always saying “Oh, if I had millions of dollars, I would help people.” Well now, I’m that person.
52) 28) dialog: No.
52) 30) dialog: Sometimes a little ripple can affect a big change, like... She quickly amends Melanie’s favorite saying, glancing at hot tub.
52) 31) dialog: Like, uh, like that jet in the tub. Just shooting out a little air. Ryder looks confused. Then:
52) 33) dialog: That must have been a great present.
52) 35) dialog: I got the flier. I saw your picture. I liked your face. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 96. Ryder sees the HUGE FIGURE on the check and gasps in disbelief. She looks up at Lamb like “Are you serious?”
52) 37) dialog: But it’s still you. Don’t say that. (fierce) It’s still you. Lamb suddenly lunges forward and HUGS Ryder, who resists, arms and legs locked. Ryder has forgotten how to hug. But lets Lamb do it anyway. Passively, charitably, she allows hug. Lamb exhales, shuddering, into Ryder’s sun-damaged bosom. eyes are shut tight.
52) 39) dialog: As long as you try. That’s all.
53) 0) text: As Lamb heads down the staircase adjacent to the main sta she pauses. She reaches into her purse and tosses a handf of CASH into the air. It drifts gracefully down onto the floor. The STRIPPERS FREAK OUT.
54) 0) text: The sky is growing light. Lamb walks across the mostly em parking lot toward William. One of the bouncers calls out her, concerned.
54) 2) dialog: Everywhere. William takes her gloved hand. They walk off into the daw
55) 0) text: It’s a grey early morning. Williams HANDS are COVERING La EYES. He removes them, revealing... The Excalibur CASTLE that captured Lamb’s imagination whe she first arrived.
55) 1) dialog: (pleased) The castle! Finally.
55) 3) dialog: I love them.
56) 0) text: Lamb sits on the roof, watching the sun rise among the fa castle turrets. William appears with two plates. Lamb’s h MICKEY MOUSE PANCAKES, which she notices with delight. William settles in and takes in the sunrise. Lamb leans i suddenly and KISSES HIM. William is startled, but he does not resist.
56) 1) dialog: Thank you. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 98.
56) 3) dialog: I’m sorry about the bar, when I said you weren’t scary. I lied. I’m terrified. Here, feel this. She puts his hand near her heart.
56) 5) dialog: You don’t think?
56) 7) dialog: It’s been a couple of years since my heart raced for any good reason.
57) 0) text: Lamb returns to her hotel room alone, looking dreamy. Smiling, she packs her suitcase again, tossing everything with uncharacteristic recklessness. Before she exits, she takes one last look at the now sun- filled room. She rises onto her tiptoes and sinks. Up and down. Up and down again. It’s a strange little bounce. Her arms swing. Could it be? Lamb is...DANCING.
58) 0) text: Lamb approaches the reservation desk, her bags in tow.
58) 2) dialog: Yes. 1427. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 99. She slides over her key. The clerk types on the computer. demeanor changes to one of recognition/annoyance.
58) 4) dialog: I didn’t see any messages.
58) 6) dialog: Sorry. I wasn’t in my room a lot. (winking) Vegas.
58) 8) dialog: 
58) 11) dialog: Sorry about that. She signs for the room, tips the clerk and heads for the exit. The clerk looks at the tip?
58) 13) dialog: (leaving) Pardon me! Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 100.
59) 0) text: MUSIC UP: A Christmas carol A CAB from a RURAL TAXI COMPANY drives up the isolated country road to the Mannherheim’s house. From a distance, see Lamb exit the car. A disheveled Lamb heads up the snow-covered front walk. T house is lit-up and looks cozy and inviting. She pauses to look at the big, illumnated NATIVITY SCENE the front entrance. Yes, it’s plastic and tacky. But it’s also touching. Lamb smiles sadly at the Baby Jesus doll tethered to the manger with a bike lock. Lamb opens the front door. Melanie is passing through the kitchen with a cup of cocoa. She wears glasses and sweatp and looks adorably frumpy compared to her glamorous “chur look.” She turns and sees Lamb.
59) 2) dialog: No... I’m happy. Doug hurries down the stairs in pajamas.
60) 0) text: Melanie and Doug sit on the couch near the Christmas tree Lamb sits in a chair facing them. Melanie is rapidly tapp her foot on the floor.
60) 2) dialog: If you don’t mind... Melanie’s reply is machine-gun rapid.
60) 4) dialog: What I did in church-- it was wrong. Disrespectful. I had a problem with people shouting their beliefs at me, but then I went and did the same in turn.
60) 6) dialog: But they must have been upset.
60) 8) dialog: (touched) Really, Mom?
60) 11) dialog: No. Doug and Melanie are startled by this.
60) 12) dialog: ...not before the community. This is between me and God. I know you love your church, but right now I don’t need the stadium-seating and the Teen Club and Christian Talent Night. There’s nothing wrong with those things, but I want to know who I am and what I believe away from all of it. Just me, flesh and bone. Melanie and Doug take this in. Then:
60) 14) dialog: That’s not my point. I want to go out in the world and act on it. If you stay in a place where everyone thinks and acts the same as you, it’s just an echo-chamber for Jesus.
60) 17) dialog: Good for you, Mom.
60) 20) dialog: (carefully) Dad...I disagree with many of the things I’ve been taught. Heavy silence from Melanie and Doug.
60) 22) dialog: (heated) Or your interpretation thereof--
60) 24) dialog: Like Pastor Rick?
60) 27) dialog: Just-- just let me show you guys this one thing. You’re not going to like it, but just promise me you won't judge.
60) 29) dialog: This is important to me. Try to be open-minded.
61) 2) dialog: The airport, on my way back. (then) It reminded me of a nice time.
61) 4) dialog: Sure. They watch for a few beats.
61) 7) dialog: That reminds me. I got this really cool scarf on my trip. (MORE )
61) 9) dialog: It would look great on you. I’d like you to have it.
61) 11) dialog: You should wear it to church.
61) 14) dialog: This is something I need to do.
63) 0) text: Lamb sits in the window seat of an airborne JET. She look more confident and assured than we’ve ever seen her. No longer hiding in shapeless garments, she wears the clo a “normal” 22-year-old woman would wear. Skinny jeans, a hoodie, and a pair of boots. But there’s a small CROSS ar her neck and she still carries herself with Lamb-like dignity. Lamb gazes out the window as the sun melts into the cloud It’s as beautiful as any religious illustration. But it’s REAL. We hear Loray’s voice singing joyfully: Wouldn't it be nice... We don’t know where Lamb’s going. But we know she’s going be all right. THE END. 108.