1) 0) text: The living room is bedecked with religious Christmas item Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 3. MELANIE and DOUG MANNERHEIM, Lamb’s surprisingly young parents, are watching the talent show video on a gigantic plasma TV. MELANIE is an attractive woman with flowing curls and a sparkling bejeweled cross necklace. DOUG has spiky hair and a fitted button-down shirt with E Hardy-esque embroidery on it. As they watch the video, Melanie provides rapid-fire commentary:
1) 1) dialog: This part I thought she did so well. You know that thing she does where she kind of takes off and makes it her own? That’s called a “run.” Doug has watched this many times before.
1) 3) dialog: Lamb could have gotten a talent agent. I should have taken her to that open call in Missoula.
1) 6) dialog: (startled) Oh! Lamb. You’re up early. Doug, where’s the clicker? She roots around for the remote control. Finds a couple o them in the couch. Flings them aside.
1) 7) dialog: The small clicker...
1) 9) dialog: Do you want your robe? The Mannerheim household is a modest one, and Melanie isn comfortable looking at Lamb uncovered. She tries to turn the tape, but only succeeds in TURNING UP THE VOLUME. Lam shouts over the song.
1) 11) dialog: We all know the combination is the dog's birthday. On the TV: a young, stunning Lamb sings: My place in this world. My place in this world. Lamb stares numbly at her former self on the giant screen as Doug turns down the volume. MELANIE (CONT’D) Let’s get your robe. You must be freezing.
1) 14) dialog: I even put some midget marshmallows in there. (to Doug) Is it okay to say “midget” if it’s about a confection?
1) 20) dialog: (to Doug) Maybe she didn’t take her medication yet. She has so much pain in the morning.
1) 22) dialog: You mean you took one...
1) 24) dialog: Lamb, you’re supposed to be tapering off the pills.
1) 26) dialog: Lamb Grace Mannerheim. Did you just say the worst curse in my Tuscan mini-mansion?
1) 31) dialog: You were doing so good. What’s gotten into you lately?
1) 33) dialog: (whispering) Duh. Obviously. Lamb gives up, her shoulders sagging in defeat.
1) 37) dialog: Let me know when you’re ready for hair and makeup. Melanie and Doug exchange glances as she leaves. This isn the Lamb they know. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 7. INT. LAMB'S ROOM —- MORNING Lamb sits on her bed. She wears a modest dress, a flowere headband and lace tights. Her hair is pulled up into one those pouf/braid combos commonly seen on fundamentalist Christian women. Melanie has a large professional tacklebox filled with makeup. She uses a puff to apply some type of cover-up po to Lamb’s scars.
1) 38) dialog: This is from our new line. It’s all- natural minerals from the earth. It covers everything. You know Shana Qualley’s mom? She has a lot of redness from, well, from drinking. I use this on her and she looks a lot better. Not good-- that would take a miracle-- but better. Lamb says nothing.
1) 39) dialog: I really don’t like to talk about people. (finishing) There. You look radiant. Lamb looks at her neck and collarbones in the mirror. It’ not an improvement. We still see the scars.
1) 41) dialog: Lamb, it’s 100% natural. One of our representatives puts this on her four-year-old every day.
1) 43) dialog: Do you feel ready to give your guest sermon?
1) 45) dialog: If you get nervous, just imagine Pastor Rick in his underwear.
1) 47) dialog: Let me just hear the beginning. Lamb sighs, dutiful.
1) 49) dialog: No. Just remember: God’s counting on you. You can make a difference with what you say today. It’s like I always say, you can affect change in a small way and it makes a big ripple. Like a--
1) 51) dialog: That’s right. She kisses Lamb’s “pouf.”
3) 0) text: The Mannerheim’s are bundled up in parkas and scarves. Melanie rolls down the window and peeks out at the overflowing parking lot. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
3) 1) dialog: Will you look at this clusterhug? I love seeing this many people come together in His name, don’t you?
3) 5) dialog: They think that, don’t they? Aren’t our differences interesting? I'1l pray for them. Doug, park over by the gift shop. I want to pick up a new journal after church. (to Lamb) I’ve been writing.
3) 7) dialog: I'm writing a little story about an old man and an old woman and their whole epic love story going back decades.
3) 9) dialog: Um, it’s totally unlike The Notebook. I wouldn’t copy my own favorite book that I’ve read 100 times, would I? (then) Doug, there’s one.
3) 10) text: A VAN from an assisted living home pulls into Melanie's chosen parking spot. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 10. MELANIE (CONT’D) (annoyed) God BLESS it.
4) 3) dialog: The posters came out nice. I need one of those for my brag wall.
4) 5) dialog: It’s the nicest photo we have of you. That reminds me, we need to go to the portrait studio as a family. We could wear matching outfits and jump in the air! (off Lamb’s dour look) Or we could sit nicely. Lamb is fixated on the poster.
4) 9) dialog: First of all, you were never any kind of Barbie. You’re obviously a Skipper. She discreetly indicates Lamb’s small chest.
4) 11) dialog: Honey, if I could crank your arm and make them grow, I would. Secondly, self-pity is unbecoming. You're getting better every day. People don’t even look anymore. We see a MOM and DAD trying in vain to keep their KIDS fr staring at Lamb. A LITTLE GIRL, who’s about 2, starts to point and cry loudly. MELANIE (CONT’D) That’s a tough age. They take their seats. As Melanie and Doug socialize with people seated around them, Lamb begins to NOD OFF.
5) 9) dialog: Lamb, stop! Get down from there!
5) 12) dialog: I'm very sorry, everyone. My daughter is still recovering.
5) 14) dialog: Please pray for us.
5) 16) dialog: Let’s get you out of here. She reaches for Lamb, who lunges back toward the mic, pul her cardigan aside to reveal her shoulders. She shouts cheerfully into the mic.
5) 19) dialog: Oh no! Baby, are you okay? The sound drops out. Lamb shouts a VERY BAD WORD. The forbidden curse echoes off the walls of the enormous church. A fitting climax to Lamb’s public rejection of Go Doug takes a long, uncomfortable sip from his “God’s Boun smoothie.
59) 0) text: MUSIC UP: A Christmas carol A CAB from a RURAL TAXI COMPANY drives up the isolated country road to the Mannherheim’s house. From a distance, see Lamb exit the car. A disheveled Lamb heads up the snow-covered front walk. T house is lit-up and looks cozy and inviting. She pauses to look at the big, illumnated NATIVITY SCENE the front entrance. Yes, it’s plastic and tacky. But it’s also touching. Lamb smiles sadly at the Baby Jesus doll tethered to the manger with a bike lock. Lamb opens the front door. Melanie is passing through the kitchen with a cup of cocoa. She wears glasses and sweatp and looks adorably frumpy compared to her glamorous “chur look.” She turns and sees Lamb.
59) 1) dialog: Oh thank God. Melanie and Lamb rush toward each other. Melanie sweeps L into her arms, her first words summing up every mother’s chief anxiety: MELANIE (CONT’D) Are you hurt? Are you hurt? Lamb's face is muffled against her mother’s shoulder. The both in tears.
59) 4) dialog: She says she’s happy. Doug’s relief turns to anxiety in an instant.
60) 0) text: Melanie and Doug sit on the couch near the Christmas tree Lamb sits in a chair facing them. Melanie is rapidly tapp her foot on the floor.
60) 1) dialog: You going to talk first?
60) 3) dialog: Ha, of course I don’t mind. I’ma very generous listener; you know me. All-Ears Mel. She bites her lip impatiently.
60) 9) dialog: (quiet) Yes, duh. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 102.
60) 13) dialog: Well, you’re a just a little too old for Teen Club...
60) 16) dialog: Lamb, you may not realize this, but I can be bit of a maverick myself. Remember that sermon about the dangers of yoga and how it subtly encourages the worship of false gods? Well, I thought that was a bunch of bunk. I went ahead and joined a yoga class at the gym. I’ve been going regularly. What do you think of that? Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 103.
60) 18) dialog: I just change it up a little in my mind. Sun Salutation becomes God Salutation. Down Dog is Down Satan, and so forth.
60) 25) dialog: (interrupting) Hey! Lamb and Doug look at Melanie. Her sharp tone implies tha maybe she’s not totally ignorant of the Pastor Rick incid
60) 26) dialog: I know there’s one thing God hates and that’s sharpened tongues in the home. So let’s just throttle down here and save the arguing for an appropriate time, like tomorrow. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 104.
61) 0) text: The lights are low. The Mannherheims watch Rudolph the Re Nosed Reindeer on the big TV. It’s near the end. Melanie and Doug are tight-lipped with disapproval, as if they've been forced to watch something racy.
61) 3) dialog: Your childhood, huh?
61) 5) dialog: This isn’t so bad, I suppose. It’s clean. Doug seems surprisingly approving.
61) 13) dialog: Are you leaving, Lamb? Lamb stares at the screen. The Misfit Toys, finally appreciated, are being dropped from Santa’s sleigh into t outstretched arms of children.