6) 0) text: Lamb is sitting on the crowded Vegas-bound PLANE. She wea modest dress and looks bewildered and overwhelmed. A TEENAGE GUY, 17, stashes his stuff in the overhead compartment and climbs into the seat next to hers. He stares at the fingerless COMPRESSION GARMENTS on her a and hands as if they’re some cool accessory.
6) 1) dialog: Where’d you get those gloves? Lamb can barely hide her annoyance.
6) 3) dialog: Oh. Do you cut?
6) 5) dialog: Like, are you a cutter? Do you cut yourself on purpose, like with a razor blade or a knife?
6) 7) dialog: Check it. Lamb is offended by these self-inflicted wounds.
6) 9) dialog: Why?
6) 11) dialog: A what?
6) 13) dialog: It’s not my fault. My therapist says I have a textbook “Type D” personality.
6) 15) dialog: Depressed. It means you pretty much want to kill yourself all the time. Lamb considers this.
6) 17) dialog: Sunshine and the flute? Are you from that family on TV that has like 20 kids and is in a cult? 16. Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 17.
6) 19) dialog: I hate takeoff. I get so jumpy on planes.
6) 21) dialog: I know there’s all those statistics, like, safer than a car and stuff but...
6) 23) dialog: (scoffing) What, because you’re magic or something?
7) 0) text: The teenage guy sleeps. Lamb is wide awake, bored with he book. She gazes out the window. 18. She turns to the personal IN-FLIGHT ENTERTAINMENT SCREEN the seatback in front of her. She presses “Movies.” Lots of options come up. Lamb scrolls past the family- friendly categories, determined to corrupt herself. She chooses a category called “Exclusive! Vegas-Inspired Movi to Get You in the Mood!” We see a selection of famous Las Vegas moves: The Hangove What Happens in Vegas. Leaving Las Vegas and then... Showgirls. If it’s possible for a person to blush at the sight of a movie title, Lamb does. The movie is aptly described as “The Cult Classic Erotic Thriller!” Lamb glances at her seatmate. Still sleeping. The aisle s is occupied by a senior citizen doing Sudoku. Tentatively, Lamb presses “Play” on Showgirls. She makes no one is looking and settles in.
8) 0) text: Lamb is watching the infamous pool sex scene. Her brow is furrowed, as if she’s watching an interesting ritual from some foreign civilization. The teenage guy stirs. Lamb immediately leans forward and tries to turn off the movie.
8) 1) dialog: (dazed) Hm? (seeing) Whoa! All right! Lamb is wildly pressing the “home” icon on the touchscree It’s stuck on Showgirls, frozen in the land of violent po sex. TEENAGE GUY (CONT’D) What is this? Species? Lamb is mortified, but holds her head high.
8) 3) dialog: I would not have thought you would choose this particular film. 19.
8) 5) dialog: Me too. Lamb looks away, but her eyes wander back to the screen.