4) 22) text: Aren't social mores the most dreadful bore? Mona's invited us at least three times last year so of course there wasn't a thing I could do. And Stan sees Fred at the club... Cathy opens the door for her.
61) 0) text: Cathy squeezes past clusters of visitors holding glasses wine when she spots Eleanor standing in front of a large Christmas tree. Eleanor is chatting with MONA LAUDER, an imposing, chinless brunette (fortyish), and MR. FARNSWORT Mona’s uncle, a rotund middle-aged man with died ginger h and a waxed mustache.
61) 2) dialog: Cathleen!
61) 4) dialog: Darling, I want to introduce you to my uncle, Morris Farnsworth, a wickedly successful Gotham art dealer who was kind enough to attend our provincial little gathering. Morris darling, allow me to introduce my dear little friend Cathleen Whitaker - whose face and civic fancies are hardly strangers to the society pages of Hartford!
61) 8) dialog: Morris was just telling us the most delightful tale. All about a forged Rembrandt! 58.
61) 10) dialog: It's fascinating, isn't it?
61) 13) dialog: Oh yes. It's simply charming. Eleanor you should be so proud.
77) 0) text: Across the street at a Car Wash, a young black attendant gives two short honks from a shiny black Edsel and looks around. A woman in a black feathered hat approaches. It's Mona Lauder.
77) 1) dialog: Here I am! Yoo-hoo? 84. The attendant takes her ticket and escorts her to the driver's seat but Mona tarries a moment, catching sight o something across the street. The attendant looks off in t same direction. Outside Ernie's, Raymond is seen helping Cathy out of his truck, taking her arm and escorting her into the club. Mona remains devilishly fixed as she steps into the car a the attendant shuts the door.
77) 2) dialog: (handing him a nickel) Thank you... very much, indeed. Mona starts her engine with a contented little smirk.
81) 0) text: A wind whistles through downtown Hartford as Cathy hurrie out of the local Stop-&-Shop carrying groceries. She smil at a WOMAN passing on the street, and hurries on to her c 92. The woman stops and turns, looking back at Cathy as she g Two ladies are passing down the street - the same two lad who stood snickering with Mona and her uncle at the art s One of them spots Cathy and whispers something to the oth Cathy notices, stopping a moment before shutting the trun her car, then rushes on.
89) 6) text: ELEANOR(cont'd) It's Mona, Cathy, she's - well, she's just been on some kind of rampage, swearing up and down she saw you and a colored man, somewhere out on Franklin, coming out of a truck or some such thing -