20) 3) dialog: Ma'am, I'm sorry. My name's Raymond Deagan. I'm Otis Deagan's son. I've just been - taking over some of his jobs since he - 19.
20) 5) dialog: Yes.
20) 7) dialog: No need.
20) 9) dialog: Yes, I - My father passed away, I'm afraid.
20) 11) dialog: Thank you. The phone rings from inside the house.
21) 0) text: We hear Sybil answering it as Mrs. Leacock watches Cathy through the window - just removing her hand from Raymond' arm.
22) 3) dialog: Of course. Cathy hurries back inside.
38) 11) dialog: Could this possibly - Cathy turns with a start. Raymond is standing along the side of the house holding h lilac scarf.
38) 12) dialog: I'm sorry.
38) 14) dialog: Yes - It was... (starts walking toward her) hanging off one of the birch's down front.
38) 17) dialog: I had a feeling it might have been yours.
38) 19) dialog: No. The color. Just seemed right.
38) 21) dialog: Please. Call me Raymond.
38) 24) dialog: Well good. Pop’s a tough act to follow when it comes to his work. But I think we got everything pretty under control. Cathy looks at him a moment. 34.
38) 26) dialog: Well I guess between pa’s business my shop, and looking after my little girl, there’s not much time left for reflecting.
38) 28) dialog: Just the one. Sarah's her name.
38) 30) dialog: Eleven years old, yea. And the sun and the moon to me.
38) 32) dialog: Well, Mrs. Deagan - my wife - she passed away when Sarah was about five.
38) 34) dialog: Well. Thank you. We do - we do just fine, Sarah and I. (reaching for his wallet) I have a - picture somewhere... (opening it for Cathy) There. That's Sarah.
38) 36) dialog: The plant shop? Yea. It's just a little place, down on Hawthorn. (MORE)
38) 37) text: RAYMOND( cont'd) Started out as a service for gardeners, ordering plants and fertilizer. ‘Til I opened the store. ‘Bout six years ago. The only thing that business degree's been good for yet.
38) 39) dialog: Well. If you’re ever in the neighborhood you be sure and stop by. We have some lovely houseplants.
38) 41) dialog: Alright then. She smiles goodbye and walks back into the house.
61) 24) dialog: Mrs. Whitaker! Hello!
61) 26) dialog: Yep. This is Sarah. Sarah, this is Mrs. Whitaker. Mrs. Whitaker owns one of the gardens I look after
61) 29) dialog: (spotting something out front) Say, Sarah, isn't that Hutch and his little brother I see, playing out front? 60. Raymond directs Sarah's attention to the front of the gal where Billy Hutchison. (HUTCH, age 11) and two other whit boys can be seen through the glass, playing with paper airplanes.
61) 30) dialog: You remember them, don't you, baby? Sarah shakes her head, sullenly.
61) 31) dialog: Sure you do. The day we went to Mrs. Hutchison's house.
61) 33) dialog: What do you say about going out and seeing if they'd like to play for a little while? How does that sound? Sarah looks at her father. It's clear it's the very last thing she wants to do, but is too shy to say anything in front of Cathy.
61) 34) dialog: Aww, there's nothing to be afraid of.
61) 36) dialog: It's only polite to say hello to people you've met in the past. Ah, go on, give it a try. For daddy. Sarah looks down, turns slowly and starts reluctantly tow the front of the gallery.
61) 37) dialog: Attagirl!
61) 39) dialog: Thank you. 61.
61) 41) dialog: Well, my mother, she was always trying to expose my brothers and I to the finer things, and we fought her every step of the way. I guess I’m sort of making up for bad behavior.
61) 43) dialog: Well I do read the papers.
61) 45) dialog: I know. I was just teasing you.
61) 48) dialog: Well I’m glad to hear that.
61) 50) dialog: Well thank you.
63) 2) dialog: So what is your opinion on modern art?
63) 4) dialog: Miro.
63) 6) dialog: No. It actually confirms something I've always wondered about modern art, abstract art.
63) 8) dialog: That perhaps it's just picking up where religious art left off. You know. Trying to somehow show you divinity, put it up there on the wall. The modern artist just pares it down to the most basic elements of shape and color. But when you look at that Miro, you feel it just the same.
63) 11) text: ELDERLY WOMAN(cont 'd) But then I've always preferred the work of the masters... Rembrandt, Michelangelo - Eleanor spots Cathy saying goodbye to Raymond and startin off down the hall.
68) 22) dialog: Oh - Mrs. Whitaker... He takes a step toward her and stops.
68) 23) dialog: Is there - anything I can do? She shakes her head no, wiping the tears and trying to sh her forehead from view.
68) 24) dialog: You sure?
68) 26) dialog: It does happen. Between married people.
68) 28) dialog: Forgive you for what? He looks off for a moment, then back at Cathy.
68) 29) dialog: Mrs. Whitaker, listen. I have to go deliver some shrubs to a farmhouse just out of town. Which means I have to get a move on. why don't you come on along for the ride? Little fresh air, change of scenery? Might help take your mind off things. Cathy feels a sudden guard. 77.
68) 31) dialog: You sure?
68) 36) dialog: Okay. She turns to leave. From Raymond's view beneath the tree can see her legs striding back to the porch and up the st into the house.
69) 3) text: CATHY(cont 'd) Well I'm glad I could be of help... Certainly... Bye now. Cathy steps back to the table and hangs up the phone, sti for a moment. She glances out the window into the yard. Raymond can be seen throwing his toolbag over his shoulde and setting off for the day. Cathy remains looking out, in thought.
70) 0) text: Raymond is just shutting the door of his truck when Mrs. Whitaker comes walking briskly from the house. She is wea her coat and her lilac scarf.
70) 2) dialog: Mrs. Whitaker... Cathy stops a couple of yards from his truck, feeling suddenly rather awkward.
70) 4) dialog: Hello.
70) 6) dialog: You changed your mind? Cathy smiles, shyly.
70) 7) dialog: (smiles back) Well good! Raymond opens his door and gets out. 79.
71) 0) text: Through the living room window, Sybil catches sight of Raymond helping Cathy into his truck. She stops what she' doing a moment as Raymond's truck takes off down the street, music swirling
72) 0) text: We see Raymond's truck driving down a road flanked by gol hills. He turns up the drive of an old ranch house, and drives up to the top.
73) 0) text: A large, rustic ranch-house sits on a bluff overlooking t late-Autumn vista of faded gold. Raymond's truck is parke front of the house where Raymond stands with the ranch ow signing a receipt. Cathy has begun strolling past the hou toward a clearing in the trees. [Throughout the following exteriors REAR-PROJECTED facsim succor the close-ups, but all ‘natural splendor’ should shimmer with process. ] Raymond shakes hands with the ranch-owner and starts over where Cathy stands, looking out. On the way he breaks off branch from a tree with white bark and round, golden yell leaves which he presents to her.
73) 2) dialog: It's called a Quaking Aspen. Fairly rare in these parts.
73) 4) dialog: Sometimes a little green, some fresh air, just helps put things back on the shelf. ‘Cause it sure can be a disheveling world out there, every now and again.
73) 7) dialog: Looks like it.
73) 9) dialog: Alright. They start off down the path, Cathy leading, music burgeoning.
74) 0) text: Cathy and Raymond stroll down the gently winding path, re carpeted by the last of autumn while cloaked in an early winter mist. As they stroll they are each aware of the diminished formalities between them.
75) 1) dialog: So you say he’s seeing a specialist?
75) 4) dialog: I’m sorry.
75) 7) dialog: Well. Sometimes it's the people outside our world we confide in best.
75) 9) dialog: And because they may have had experiences similar to ours. Because they care to listen.
75) 12) dialog: (with great gentleness) Did he cause that? He is looking at the mark on her forehead. Cathy puts her hand over it and stands, silent for a mome
75) 14) dialog: I'm sorry.
75) 16) dialog: What?
75) 18) dialog: Well, I suppose it's something you sort of grow accustomed to. Over time. Don't get me wrong. There is a world - even right here in Hartford - where everybody does indeed look like me. Only trouble is, very few people ever leave that world. I just want what any father wants for his child, the opportunities growing up I never had.
75) 20) dialog: But I'll tell you something - If you're really interested -
75) 22) dialog: (has a sudden thought) Are you hungry? Could you eat something?
75) 24) dialog: Tell you what. Let me take you to one my favorite spots, not far from here. On good days they got hot food, cold drink, and just about discernible music.
75) 26) dialog: (smiling) There you go! Cathy smiles back as they start back up the path.
76) 0) text: Against the gray, industrial side of town, gleams the pin and green neon of Ernie's Bar&Grill. We see Raymond's tru just pulling into the driveway.
78) 0) text: The front door opens and Cathy and Raymond step into the entry way of the club.
78) 2) dialog: You look fine. The main room at Ernie's is a smoky den of small square tables and black booths, colored mostly by neon overspill Christmas lights. Most notably, everyone in the room is black. As Raymond and Cathy enter everyone in sight turns and lo
78) 4) dialog: Don't worry. It's a very friendly place. Raymond starts in and Cathy follows, reluctantly. A small blues band is just setting up as an old jukebox plays and couple dances. 85. Raymond passes ESTHER, a dolled-up waitress in her late 2 who scowls at him as he stops, glancing around the room f table.
78) 5) dialog: Say there Esther, darling. what? You don't say hello any more?
78) 7) dialog: Oh, you’re just sore ‘cause I haven’t been coming around like I used to.
78) 9) dialog: Now what do you say about bringing us over a couple of drinks. (to Cathy) What would you like?
78) 11) dialog: One daiquiri, and a bourbon on the rocks. Thank you, doll. Esther rolls her eyes and turns. As Raymond escorts Cathy to a table, a GLARING MAN stands from his table just as Raymond is passing.
78) 14) dialog: What do you mean? It's a very welcoming place! (spotting someone and nodding) How you doin’ Gus. A middle-aged man at another table (looking fairly soused raises his glass to Raymond, then to Cathy. Cathy smiles back at him.
78) 15) dialog: See what I mean? Cathy watches as a second couple step up to the dance-flo Meanwhile Esther returns with drinks and menus.
78) 17) dialog: Thank you, Esther. She leaves.
78) 18) dialog: (raising his glass) Well. Here's to being the only one. Cathy looks at him a moment and then smiles, shaking her head. She toasts his glass and he laughs.
78) 19) dialog: Really. We don't have to stay if you're not comfortable.
78) 21) dialog: Alright, then. The jukebox song has ended and the band kicks into its fi number, a tender “I’1l Be Seeing You.” Raymond turns to watch, smiling. 87. A few men in blue-collar uniforms are sauntering out of a smoke-filled pool-room, beer bottles in hand. They also s to listen to the band, while two more couples head up to floor to dance. Cathy looks over at Raymond, and smiles to herself.
78) 24) dialog: Well thank you, Mrs. Whitaker. I’ve had one as well.
78) 26) dialog: (gently) Would I what? Brief silence.
93) 0) text: Raymond stands outside his shop in the opaline dusk, show a Christmas tree to a middle-aged man. JAKE, a teenage employee, steps out from inside. 100.
93) 2) dialog: Yes, Jake?
93) 4) dialog: I’1l be right there. (to the customer ) Would you excuse me a moment? I’m terribly sorry.
94) 0) text: Raymond picks up a wall-phone near the front door, as Christmas colors bleed through the Garden Shop windows be him.
94) 1) dialog: Yes? This is Raymond Deagan. It’s Cathy, and Raymond can’t conceal his pleasure.
94) 2) dialog: Oh, hello... That’s right. Is everything - ? (he listens) Yea. I think I could... Alright... I’1l see you tomorrow then. He hangs up the phone but remains a moment, music bridgin
94) 4) dialog: Hello. 101.
94) 6) dialog: Worked out fine. I was glad you called. He turns to her with a smile, but Cathy darts a glance to counter where Two women are glaring and whispering.
94) 7) dialog: You sure everything's alright? Cathy exhales, closing her eyes. She shakes her head.
94) 8) dialog: What is it? The SODA JERK has been watching them from the other end o the counter.
94) 11) dialog: Of course. Raymond quickly escorts Cathy, head ducked into her colla out to the street.
95) 0) text: Raymond and Cathy are turning down the first corner. 102.
96) 0) text: The 20's-style movie theater stands across the street streaked in winter light. The marquee reads HILDA CRANE a THE BOLD AND THE BRAVE. Cathy and Raymond cross over to the theater and stop unde its awning. Cathy looks down.
96) 1) dialog: What is it? What happened?
96) 3) dialog: Can't what?
96) 6) dialog: What? That one person could reach out to another? Take an interest in another? And that maybe, for one fleeting instant, could manage to see beyond the surface - beyond the color of things? Cathy sighs and thinks a moment
96) 8) dialog: ‘Just beyond the fall from grace/Behold that ever shining place.’ Yes, I do. I don’t really have a choice.
96) 11) dialog: Mrs. Whitaker! A passing couple with a stroller turn and stop. Schoolgirls waiting to buy tickets do the same.
97) 0) text: It's a brisk winter day and light flurries are just start to sprinkle up the sky. David's junior-football team has broken and he and the others are walking back from the fi Along the sidewalk a row of black school-kids in uniform making their way down the street. One of the children is Sarah Deagan, Raymond's daughter, is walking with another little girl her age.
112) 0) text: Rain falls upon the inky, lamp-lit night as we loom down slowly upon a small, wood bungalow, the front windows of which appear to have been boarded up. Through the window downstairs we can just glimpse Raymond walking past.
113) 0) text: Raymond is bringing a freshly made cup of hot chocolate i the living room, stirring as he goes.
113) 1) dialog: And here we have it! Your daddy's super-duper world-renowned hot cocoa specially prepared for his super-duper number one girl! He hands the cup to Sarah who is stretched out on the cou with pillow and blanket watching TV. A small, square band on her forehead still marks her injury.
113) 3) dialog: How you feeling, baby?
113) 5) dialog: What's that you're watching, anyway? There's a knock at the door. Raymond stops. 129.
113) 6) dialog: Who on earth...? He walks to the front.
113) 7) dialog: Yes? The door opens on Cathy, turning suddenly to face him.
113) 9) dialog: We're fine. Thank you. A car passes and Raymond looks out nervously.
113) 10) dialog: (semi-whisper, gesturing) Meet me around the side. Cathy nods and starts back down the steps as Raymond step back inside the house.
113) 11) dialog: (grabbing his coat) Sarah, everything's alright, honey. I'll just be outside for a minute.
114) 0) text: Cathy stands facing away, softly illuminated by an outdoo lamp, along the side of Raymond's bungalow. She hears footsteps and turns. Raymond stands near the corner of the house, looking at h
114) 3) dialog: Nothing. I won't make her go through it again. Not now. Not with rocks coming through the window every night.
114) 5) dialog: It's not white's throwing them - it's coloreds.
114) 7) dialog: Oh, yea - Seems to be the one place where whites and coloreds are in full harmony. Anyway, we'll be out of here soon enough, once and for all.
114) 9) dialog: Yea.
114) 11) dialog: I have a... (emptying some flooded trash-lids) brother in Baltimore. Says he can find me work out there. So we're packing up the house. Two weeks Friday we'll be on the 4:30 train, heading South.
114) 13) dialog: The business is through. No one's gonna hire me. (MORE)
114) 14) text: RAYMOND( cont'd) So I'm selling the shop to a cousin of mine. No... (he looks off) It's pretty well finished for me here. (a thought stops him) I've never lived anywhere but Hartford.
114) 16) dialog: Oh, Mrs. Whitaker.
114) 18) dialog: (softly) Cathy.
114) 20) dialog: I'm just not sure... it would be such a wise idea. After... well, everything that’s - Cathy looks at him, feeling the first chill of an impendi loss.
114) 21) dialog: All that matters now - what’s got to matter most - is what’s right for Sarah. I’ve learned my lesson about mixing with other worlds. And I’ve seen the sparks fly... (tenderly) All kinds. Cathy turns away, hiding sudden tears. 132. Raymond puts a hand on her shoulder, which she covers wit hers.
114) 22) dialog: Have a proud life. A splendid life. Will you do that? She closes her eyes. He kisses her fingertips.
114) 23) dialog: Goodbye Cathy. His fingers slip from hers. She stands a moment, the black, liquid sky continuing its downpour, then starts walking, hurriedly, to her car. She doesn’t look back. Raymond watches gravely, then turns and starts slowly bac inside. To which a rising music as bottomless as the sea suddenly answers, spilling over and engulfing what follows.
128) 0) text: Cathy emerges out of the stairway onto the platform, a ju of boarding and goodbyes. She looks back and forth anxiou then starts walking down the platform toward the front of train. She hurries along, looking every-which-way, past all the others. Then suddenly she stops. Raymond stands on the platform, gingerly helping Sarah up steps of the train while a black attendant loads their luggage into an open compartment. Cathy starts over to them, but Raymond slips inside the t without seeing her. Cathy just stares at the door, watching others continue inside. Right in front of her A heavy-set Italian man is saying goodbye to his wife and sons. The wife is crying. 139. A CONDUCTOR is passing.