1) 0) text: The Chevrolet stops in front of a small dance school just State St. and an attractive, red-haired woman in her mid- thirties emerges from the car, wearing sunglasses and a scarf. She says hello to a mother and daughter exiting th school on her way inside, returning a moment later with a strawberry-haired girl in ballet clothes. CATHY WHITAKER, having collected her 8-year-old daughter JANICE from ball class is finally returning home from another busy day.
3) 0) text: She turns into the driveway of a large, fastidiously landscaped 2-story home, with a slate roof and flagstone walkway. DAVID WHITAKER, a typical 11-year-old boy, with- hair like his dad’s, is circling around the front of the house on his bright red Schwinn:
5) 0) text: Eleanor starts down the front steps of the house toward h car.
10) 0) text: Cathy's car pulls up in front of the lamp-lit police stat She hurries out of the car, still in her evening clothes, up the stone steps of the precinct 10.
18) 0) text: The bus pulls up in front of the house as David and Janic running and Cathy waves.
34) 0) text: Frank closes the front door behind him and starts slowly the stairs of the house, black on shadowy blue, as a slow burden of music rises. He stops at the foot of his bedroom door and stares at
38) 0) text: Cathy stands in front of her house waiving goodbye to Eleanor, Doreen and Nancy, who make their way to their ca
48) 0) text: The large, modern medical complex stretches out against c blue skies and white clouds. Down below we see Cathy pull into the Municipal lot. The white-capped attendant hands a ticket, raises the gate and smiles as she proceeds in. 42. Cathy walks up to the front of one of the buildings, chec her watch and glances around for Frank. In a small park opposite, a young couple can be seen lean against a tree, kissing. The girl pulls away but the boy pursues eagerly, stroking the girl's hair and whispering her ear. Cathy watches, closer (with a rear-projected background). The boy tries kissing her again, but the girl turns away, glancing toward Cathy self-consciously. Cathy looks down. She checks her watch again and glances around one more time for Frank. We see him now, just crossing the street Cathy waves, starting over in his direction. They meet an begin walking up the slope of stairs.
53) 0) text: Frank and Cathy walk out of the building into a strong wi Behind them an obscure, REAR-PROJECTED Hartford feels a million miles away.
60) 0) text: A frolic of music rises as we survey a busy corner within Hartford cultural district A small bustle of ladies and their husbands are milling around the entrance to a spacious, private gallery. The easled sign in the front window reads:
61) 0) text: Cathy squeezes past clusters of visitors holding glasses wine when she spots Eleanor standing in front of a large Christmas tree. Eleanor is chatting with MONA LAUDER, an imposing, chinless brunette (fortyish), and MR. FARNSWORT Mona’s uncle, a rotund middle-aged man with died ginger h and a waxed mustache.
65) 16) dialog: Here, here! Frank is hunched over listening, noticeably intoxicated.
65) 26) dialog: I'm fine.
73) 0) text: A large, rustic ranch-house sits on a bluff overlooking t late-Autumn vista of faded gold. Raymond's truck is parke front of the house where Raymond stands with the ranch ow signing a receipt. Cathy has begun strolling past the hou toward a clearing in the trees. [Throughout the following exteriors REAR-PROJECTED facsim succor the close-ups, but all ‘natural splendor’ should shimmer with process. ] Raymond shakes hands with the ranch-owner and starts over where Cathy stands, looking out. On the way he breaks off branch from a tree with white bark and round, golden yell leaves which he presents to her.
78) 0) text: The front door opens and Cathy and Raymond step into the entry way of the club.
80) 0) text: Cathy drives down Hawthorne street looking out her window eagerly, music stirring softly. The red-and-green Christmas decorations on the lamp-posts only seem to accentuate the greyness of the neighborhood. Then she spots it. A small storefront with Christmas trees out front reads DEAGAN GARDEN SHOP. She smiles to herself as she continues on, picking up spe
82) 0) text: Cathy dashes in the front door of the building where a si is posted. It reads: BALLET RECITAL TODAY
85) 0) text: The front door opens and Cathy and Janice enter the house dank with late afternoon.
94) 0) text: Raymond picks up a wall-phone near the front door, as Christmas colors bleed through the Garden Shop windows be him.
107) 0) text: We look down at Frank who stands alone in the empty livin room. He turns and walks over to the bar and limply pours himself a drink. He stands frozen a moment, drink in hand music gathers, softly. Then he throws it back, walks over his coat and hat and opens the front door of the house. H turns back around for one last look - and closes the door behind him.
112) 0) text: Rain falls upon the inky, lamp-lit night as we loom down slowly upon a small, wood bungalow, the front windows of which appear to have been boarded up. Through the window downstairs we can just glimpse Raymond walking past.
124) 0) text: Cathy drives up in front of the large green field, stuffe with boys in red, sauntering back to the bleachers. David amongst them, walking arm-in-arm with another boy, when h spots his mother’s car and waves.
128) 0) text: Cathy emerges out of the stairway onto the platform, a ju of boarding and goodbyes. She looks back and forth anxiou then starts walking down the platform toward the front of train. She hurries along, looking every-which-way, past all the others. Then suddenly she stops. Raymond stands on the platform, gingerly helping Sarah up steps of the train while a black attendant loads their luggage into an open compartment. Cathy starts over to them, but Raymond slips inside the t without seeing her. Cathy just stares at the door, watching others continue inside. Right in front of her A heavy-set Italian man is saying goodbye to his wife and sons. The wife is crying. 139. A CONDUCTOR is passing.