4) 22) text: Aren't social mores the most dreadful bore? Mona's invited us at least three times last year so of course there wasn't a thing I could do. And Stan sees Fred at the club... Cathy opens the door for her.
14) 0) text: Cathy stands in semi-darkness, on the phone with Eleanor. finds the police report in her purse. 12.
23) 6) dialog: So how's the second best golfer in Hartford this morning?
23) 8) dialog: Almost as fatal. Millstein called. Looks like New York just shaved a week off portfolio deadline.
23) 10) dialog: I wish I were.
23) 12) dialog: Called him first thing.
28) 0) text: ONSCREEN: We are in the middle of THREE FACES OF EVE. Ray Burr is questioning one of Joanne Woodward's more timid personalities. Frank is walking in from the rear of the theater. He stop along the back wall and stands watching, muted in shadow Edward Hopper's usherette. ONSCREEN: Joanne Woodward is becoming agitated. She start switching into another personality. A dark-haired man is getting up from his seat and walking the direction of the Gentleman's Lounge. Frank notices hi pausing a moment at the foot of the small, carpeted stair just as a second man approaches. The dark-haired man spot the second one and proceeds briskly down the stairs. The second man follows, looking around nervously as he goes. Frank stares darkly down the empty corridor.
36) 0) text: We float out from a newspaper photograph of Frank and Cat kissing in the latest Hartford Weekly Gazette to reveal Eleanor, reading aloud from the paper. The door to the ho is open as Cathy and her arriving guests, DOREEN and NANC stand around listening, having obviously been stopped in their tracks to do so. Cathy holds a lilac scarf under he chin as a feisty wind whips through the trees and sends a circus of leaves through the sky.
38) 0) text: Cathy stands in front of her house waiving goodbye to Eleanor, Doreen and Nancy, who make their way to their ca
43) 0) text: Instantly she sees it: a shirtless blond man with loosene pants locked in a writhing kiss with another man in shirtsleeves, who appears to be fondling him. Immediately they turn and jolt apart. It takes her a moment to regist that the man in shirtsleeves is Frank. All at once Cathy gasps, pulling back and turning, droppi her Tupperware. She shuts her eyes and struggles for brea Inside we can hear the men scrambling to dress, knocking something over in the process. Suddenly Cathy turns facing the door, reeling, horrified. Music burns with the weight of realization as she starts stepping slowly, staring out in confusion and disbelief. She glimpses something through the crack of the door and stops. Frank catches sight of her from inside. Cathy stares. He looks down. Suddenly the blond man slips out past him, darting briskly down the hall. He disappears down the stairwell where we can hear his echoey steps slowly fadin away . All at once Cathy turns and runs, music returning with thunder and storm.
55) 0) text: Frank stands a moment facing the door in silence.
55) 1) dialog: (off) Frank? Frank turns around to see Stan seated on a leather couch the window.
55) 3) dialog: (slight beat) Everything alright?
55) 6) dialog: Just picked up the galleys from the printer.
55) 8) dialog: Great. Just great. 50.
55) 10) dialog: (slightly perplexed) Sure. Stan walks over to the desk and sets down the folder.
55) 11) dialog: You'll... let me know what you think?
55) 13) dialog: (before leaving) So what's it gonna take to get you back on that course, anyway? We haven't seen you for weeks!
55) 15) dialog: Sunday. No excuses.
55) 17) dialog: I'm holding you to it! Stan leaves Frank alone at his desk. Staring straight ahe he reaches down to the bottom drawer and pulls out the bo of Scotch. He unscrews the top, closes his eyes and takes long, dark swig, music rising.
61) 0) text: Cathy squeezes past clusters of visitors holding glasses wine when she spots Eleanor standing in front of a large Christmas tree. Eleanor is chatting with MONA LAUDER, an imposing, chinless brunette (fortyish), and MR. FARNSWORT Mona’s uncle, a rotund middle-aged man with died ginger h and a waxed mustache.
64) 0) text: Music accompanies a slow and stately ascent upon the Whit house, trimmed with cars and bursting from inside with th exuberance of the annual company party. We can even hear distant clamor of merriment and laughter churning from within.
65) 0) text: The house, impeccably decorated, is swarming with people evening dress, drinking, smoking, chatting, laughing. An overstuffed Christmas tree glistens in the corner as an endless parade of hors d'oeuvres are passed solemnly by t all-black, formally uniformed, serving staff. 66. Cathy shimmers in a gown of sapphire blue, standing surrounded at one end of the room, while Frank stands wit drink in hand, surrounded at the other. We see various faces from the Magnavox office, including Marlene. Cathy is listening to a middle-aged Elderly Woma
65) 13) dialog: By golly there she is now! Prettiest gal in the room!
65) 15) dialog: (putting an arm around her) So what if she is! I still say Frank's the luckiest guy in town.
65) 27) dialog: Me.
66) 0) text: Cathy stands before the mirror in her bedroom vanity brus her hair over the small wound on her forehead. She puts d the brush, takes one last look and starts out of her room
73) 0) text: A large, rustic ranch-house sits on a bluff overlooking t late-Autumn vista of faded gold. Raymond's truck is parke front of the house where Raymond stands with the ranch ow signing a receipt. Cathy has begun strolling past the hou toward a clearing in the trees. [Throughout the following exteriors REAR-PROJECTED facsim succor the close-ups, but all ‘natural splendor’ should shimmer with process. ] Raymond shakes hands with the ranch-owner and starts over where Cathy stands, looking out. On the way he breaks off branch from a tree with white bark and round, golden yell leaves which he presents to her.
84) 0) text: We MOVE IN from a slow distance, angled toward the garage Cathy follows Janice up the porch steps into the house.
93) 0) text: Raymond stands outside his shop in the opaline dusk, show a Christmas tree to a middle-aged man. JAKE, a teenage employee, steps out from inside. 100.
96) 0) text: The 20's-style movie theater stands across the street streaked in winter light. The marquee reads HILDA CRANE a THE BOLD AND THE BRAVE. Cathy and Raymond cross over to the theater and stop unde its awning. Cathy looks down.
102) 0) text: We are surveying a pleasing aqua-blue scene of pleasure-g by the pool. A girl with a pink bathing cap swan-dives in the sparkling water, which is littered with swimmers and children frolicking by the steps. Frank is just finishing some laps and stops at the shallo end to catch his breath. He sits down on a step, still ha submerged, and smiles at the mothers of the splashing toddlers. He notices something at the other end of the po A few members of the blond family are just coming out dressed in swimwear and robes. They grab a few lounges an chairs and start to settle. The pretty son doesn't seem t among them. Frank stands, stretches. He steps out of the water and reaches for his towel just as a small black boy, age 4 or goes skipping past him into the first step of the pool. His father, a HOTEL WAITER, is running over from the hut- style snack-bar.
106) 0) text: Cathy enters, closes the door and stands frozen, in the d for several seconds.
107) 0) text: We look down at Frank who stands alone in the empty livin room. He turns and walks over to the bar and limply pours himself a drink. He stands frozen a moment, drink in hand music gathers, softly. Then he throws it back, walks over his coat and hat and opens the front door of the house. H turns back around for one last look - and closes the door behind him.
108) 0) text: Cathy stands outside her door looking out the landing win She hears the sound of Frank’s car starting off. 123. Filtered through a new snowfall, the red of his brakes ti the dusky sky and rouge her silent profile. Music deepens Cathy walks to the window and stares hard at the telephon She lifts the receiver to her ear. She dials.
114) 0) text: Cathy stands facing away, softly illuminated by an outdoo lamp, along the side of Raymond's bungalow. She hears footsteps and turns. Raymond stands near the corner of the house, looking at h
126) 0) text: A soft, new sun warms the brick of the Hartford Train Station, standing proudly in the center of town. We see Cathy's car just pulling up and turning into the parking section.
128) 0) text: Cathy emerges out of the stairway onto the platform, a ju of boarding and goodbyes. She looks back and forth anxiou then starts walking down the platform toward the front of train. She hurries along, looking every-which-way, past all the others. Then suddenly she stops. Raymond stands on the platform, gingerly helping Sarah up steps of the train while a black attendant loads their luggage into an open compartment. Cathy starts over to them, but Raymond slips inside the t without seeing her. Cathy just stares at the door, watching others continue inside. Right in front of her A heavy-set Italian man is saying goodbye to his wife and sons. The wife is crying. 139. A CONDUCTOR is passing.