5) 45) text: 14 15 14. Bex starts to dance more seductively with Sarah as she lo eyes with Diamond. *
6) 0) text: A giant cloud of weed smoke comes out of Diamond’s mouth. We HEAR the thumping of the bass above - Bex and Diamond in the basement, smoking out of a tiny window.
6) 3) dialog: What?
6) 5) dialog: Yeah, a little...
6) 7) dialog: You're so pretty. WE WATCH as she takes in the compliment before leaning in kissing him, passionately. He lifts her up and sits her o card table as they continue to make out.
8) 0) text: Diamond starts to pull off Bex’s shirt while they make ou She tenses up.
8) 2) dialog: That’s okay.
8) 4) dialog: Yeah. She lets him take her shirt off.
12) 0) text: Bex is lying across the table, her bra undone. Diamond st to buckle up his pants. She looks up at him, tenderly.
12) 1) dialog: You know you can’t tell anyone about this. His words hit Bex like a punch to the gut -
13) 0) text: Lily walks out of the bathroom, as the blue and red light cop cars show up outside. People start to scatter. Em runs inside and finds Lily and Sarah amid the fleeing teenagers. As they head down the steps toward the basement, Diamond passes them, avoiding eye contact. 23 24 25 26 19. As they head into the basement, they find Bex still lying the table, tears streaming down her face. CLOSE: Lily leans over and kisses her tears, sits her up, takes Bex in her arms. EXT. GREENWALD’S - MOMENTS LATER 23 The girls dart through a neighbor’ s yard and out to the street where they find Lily’s car. As they drive off, CAMERA ascends to a BIRDS EYE POV. WE WATCH THE PARTYGOERS DART from the HOUSE like RATS. CUT TO BLACK.
15) 0) text: The Girls walk down the hallway. In the distance, Bex spo Diamond chatting with Johnny, Reagan, Nikki, etc.
24) 18) dialog: Well, what are you gonna do. Sex is healthy. At least they know we have a good relationship. Although, I’m gonna be a little weirded out if I ear Allie playing with her dolls tomorrow saying “tell me I’ma filthy slut.”
24) 21) dialog: Yeah, don’t you remember? I got so hot when you said it. They all start cringing and pretending to dry heave. -- SALEM HIGH GIRL TALKING TO CAMERA.
70) 0) text: Diamond’s MOTHER opens the door to see Johnny and his Fou Teammates standing on the doorstep.
92) 0) text: Bex is dragged into a clearing, where FIVE MASKED GUYS al begin to cheer. The Man in the Beaked Mask pulls his mask off and we see bruised, swollen face of Diamond.
92) 1) dialog: (he whispers) I'm sorry, Bex. Johnny approaches smacking Diamond in the head.
95) 0) text: WE SEE Johnny as he gets in DIAMOND’S FACE.
95) 3) dialog: (softly) I'm sorry, Bex.
95) 14) dialog: (whispered, to Bex) I’m so sorry, Bex, but I’m so scared.
95) 16) dialog: I’m not doing this, I’m not gonna hurt her.
95) 18) dialog: No, she didn’t humiliate me. You did. Johnny walks up to Diamond, pulls out his revolver. He pu one bullet in the cylinder, spins it, and clicks it into place.
95) 23) text: He puts the barrel to Diamond's forehead.
95) 28) text: The Masked Teammate hears a twig SNAP. He turns as EM SWINGS BACK HER MACHETE and BRINGS IT DOWN HACKING INTO HIS BODY. She lets go of the machete as MASKED TEAMMATE turns to fi himself looking down THE BARREL OF A GUN. Sarah shoots hi point blank. Em pulls the machete out of him and cuts the rope as Bex drops to the ground. One of the OTHER MASKED TEAMMATES pulls out a knife and dunges at Lily. She points the BARREL BETWEEN HIS LEGS an pulls the trigger. He screams and writhes in pain. Johnny stands up from Diamond and points his gun as the G start to surround him.
95) 29) dialog: He only has one bullet. LILY tosses BEX the shotgun, she grabs it.
95) 60) dialog: Yeah. You okay?
95) 66) dialog: You’re welcome.
95) 68) dialog: I’m sorry--