5) 0) text: Sarah turns up the music “SHHH” by RAYE as CAMERA tilts d to_find Bex hanging onto the back bumper of Lily’s car, roller-skating in a dark red kimono, erican flag leggings and a shirt that reads: “The Patriarchy Won’t Fuck Itself Em twists around in the front seat to film her. The flash her iPhone illuminates Bex. WE ENTER INTO a SNAP CHAT STORY -— (And we see the rest of the day unfold through anyone an everyone who’s snap-chatting with the SALEM GEO-TAG. It should feel as disjointed as it would actually be.) - SNAP: The roar of the crowd as the HOME TEAM wins the g - SNAP: Someone runs behind JOHNNY, 18, star of the footb team, as he takes off his helmet and shakes his sweaty bl hair. He high fives the crowd as they cheer him on. MAYOR BARTLETT stops him, flashes his capped teeth, and says:
5) 7) dialog: (muffled, in background) I think he’s the tall lanky kid with the anime eyes.
7) 0) text: Em dances in front of Sarah who lays sprawled out on the couch, rolling a joint. Eric, Mason and others hang aroun
7) 1) text: Sarah lights up the joint. Em crawls on top of her, still dancing, and takes a hit. She looks at Mason and smiles w watches her grinding her hips, transfixed. Sarah looks to Eric and back at Em. Whispers something in her ear and th both start giggling. ee
7) 2) dialog: (leans into Sarah) Can I get a hit?
7) 4) dialog: (again) Hey Sarah... Can I get a hit? Sarah looks over at him -
7) 6) dialog: What?
7) 10) dialog: I'd do anything to fuck you. She leans in close.
31) 2) text: 52 53 54 55 47. She screams as the person wearing the mask falls to the ground ina hysterical fit of laughter. He pulls the mask revealing it’s Mark.
39) 9) dialog: Yo Bex, you want a beer? BEX . No, I don’t fuck with carbs.
40) 0) text: Eric sits poolside with a bunch of DRUNK RANDOS and Grace
40) 2) dialog: There’s no way that story is true.
40) 4) dialog: Yeah but I was pretty disappointed by Patterson’s leak. I thought that shit would be way shadier.
40) 6) dialog: Wait, but like didn’t the exact * same thing happen to you a few *
40) 7) text: years ago? 61 51. We can see Grace visibly wince. Em gets out of the pool a walks over, smacking Eric in the back of the head for the comment.
40) 8) dialog: Hey! I meant it in a good way, those photos were like, really hot.
40) 12) dialog: But why would he go after Turrell?
40) 15) dialog: Yeah me too. It’s like chaotic good. Like V for Vendetta. I’m always down with that. They all think this over...
67) 14) dialog: Stop fighting. Stop fighting. 79.
67) 16) dialog: 