1) 6) dialog: You think? Fuck yeah, wine way you make eye contact while suc ing my dick? It’s crazy. He pushes his fingers deeper into her throat as she gags little. Her eyes tear up but she doesn’t break eye contac He pulls his fingers out.
1) 7) dialog: I love looking at you when you cum, the way your face scrunches up...
1) 9) dialog: Yeah it does.
1) 11) dialog: It’s true. Like this... She makes the face.
1) 13) dialog: Well, when you cum you look like one.
1) 14) text: Why? Lily thinks about it. Looks up at Mark.
1) 15) dialog: I don’t know. You just look like, so vulnerable. INT. LILY’S CAR - AFTERNOON 3 Lily, wearing sunglasses, drives through the endless subu sprawl of SALEM.
2) 0) text: As Lily pulls up outside Em’s house, she notices across t street, NICK and ROSE MATHER, 40s, unloading their car wi their daughter, CARLY, 7. As Lily gets out of her car -
2) 3) dialog: Carly, you have to be careful! Nick approaches a few seconds delayed -
2) 6) dialog: I know, it’ 8, just a lot with school and stuff, college applications...
2) 8) dialog: (bends down) I know, I miss you, too. Lily looks up at Nick and Rose, standing behind her.
2) 10) dialog: I will. Thank you, Rose. WE TRACK BACK with Lily as she crosses the street towards Em’s house, flipping her sunglasses up on to her head. Underneath, her mascara is still smeared. She_glances back over her shoulder to see Nick, holding Carly, looking back at her.
3) 0) text: Lily enters Em’s house to find NANCE LACEY, 40's sitting the living room couch, giving SOME GUY, 40’s, a foot rub they drink beers and watch reality TV.
3) 2) dialog: Another happy day.
3) 4) dialog: No. Some boy just stuck his fingers down my throat.
3) 6) dialog: Trust me, it’s not nearly as sexy as it sounds. As Lily heads up the stairs -
4) 0) text: EM LACEY, 16 and her step-sister SARAH, 18 hang out with WARREN, i7, trans-feminine. They’ re watching a make up tutorial aS Bex does Sarah’s make up. * Lily enters her room, collapses on Em's bed.
4) 1) text: Have you been crying? Lily rolls over, looks at them. LILY ; No. By the way, who’s the rapist on the couch with your mom?
4) 4) dialog: NoOoOOOOO0! (to Em and Sarah) You guys: she’s literally giving him a foot rub.
4) 7) dialog: Nothing. He stuck his fingers down my throat.
4) 9) dialog: Ew. No. The fuckboy.
4) 11) dialog: Whatever. But who’s Sir Rapes a Lot?
4) 13) dialog: I'm not joking, Bex. Have you seen him? (Bex shakes her head “No”) He’s super duper rapey.
4) 19) dialog: What’s his name?
4) 27) dialog: Whatever. Who?
4) 29) dialog: Diamond, like barely literate, six- pack, football, Diamond?
4) 31) dialog: (thinks... then...) Oh, that’s kinda hot. I know. We Shad a lab together and now he’s always texting me at like one in the morning being like “what are you doing?” And I’m like “Literally nothing. I’m doing nothing.”
4) 34) dialog: Yeah, well--
5) 0) text: Sarah turns up the music “SHHH” by RAYE as CAMERA tilts d to_find Bex hanging onto the back bumper of Lily’s car, roller-skating in a dark red kimono, erican flag leggings and a shirt that reads: “The Patriarchy Won’t Fuck Itself Em twists around in the front seat to film her. The flash her iPhone illuminates Bex. WE ENTER INTO a SNAP CHAT STORY -— (And we see the rest of the day unfold through anyone an everyone who’s snap-chatting with the SALEM GEO-TAG. It should feel as disjointed as it would actually be.) - SNAP: The roar of the crowd as the HOME TEAM wins the g - SNAP: Someone runs behind JOHNNY, 18, star of the footb team, as he takes off his helmet and shakes his sweaty bl hair. He high fives the crowd as they cheer him on. MAYOR BARTLETT stops him, flashes his capped teeth, and says:
5) 15) dialog: What is it?
5) 33) dialog: Wait doesn’t he like have a wife and kids?
5) 35) text: 12 13 13. INT. GREENWALD’S PARTY - MOMENTS LATER 12 WE FOLLOW Lily as she walks through the party. In the KITCHEN, she passes REAGAN, and _ her three best friends, GRACE and NIKKI (17-18.) They all seem drunk. REAGAN looks at LILY.
5) 37) dialog: Sup cunt.
5) 40) dialog: No. I’m driving. Lily tries to push past but a bro named KYLE (18) blocks
5) 42) dialog: I literally don’t know how to respond to this much testosterone. She pushes past them and heads upstairs. She opens the BATHROOM DOOR to find GREENWALD, (15) passed out on the floor. She sighs. Picks up his legs and drags him into th hallway. Goes back inside and LOCKS THE DOOR behind her. INT. GREENWALD’S PARTY - MOMENTS LATER 13 As BEX and SARAH dance with one another. Bex notices that DIAMOND is watching her. She whispers to Sarah.
11) 0) text: Lily has the phone angled below her, masturbating on vide CLOSE ON: LILY‘S FACE as she leans her head back. We watc her breath begins to slow into short, staccato gasps.
13) 0) text: Lily walks out of the bathroom, as the blue and red light cop cars show up outside. People start to scatter. Em runs inside and finds Lily and Sarah amid the fleeing teenagers. As they head down the steps toward the basement, Diamond passes them, avoiding eye contact. 23 24 25 26 19. As they head into the basement, they find Bex still lying the table, tears streaming down her face. CLOSE: Lily leans over and kisses her tears, sits her up, takes Bex in her arms. EXT. GREENWALD’S - MOMENTS LATER 23 The girls dart through a neighbor’ s yard and out to the street where they find Lily’s car. As they drive off, CAMERA ascends to a BIRDS EYE POV. WE WATCH THE PARTYGOERS DART from the HOUSE like RATS. CUT TO BLACK.
13) 3) text: (The following will be played at 2x it’s normal speed in style of make up tutorials and other YouTube fare...) WE CUT BETWEEN Lily, Bex, Sarah and Em as they’re all separately appl ing their make up - patting foundation on contouring, ding up heavy smokey eyes, winged liner, bold lips a la Lana Del Rey... They try on outfits, discarding tops, skirts, leggings un each respective floor is covered in clothes. WE SHIFT INTO SLOW MOTION, as each one of the girls looks directly INTO THE CAMERA - checking their reflections.
14) 0) text: Lily HONKS the horn. Bex sits shotgun, as they wait outsi
14) 1) dialog: How are you feeling? Bex just looks at her, shakes her head.
14) 7) dialog: Here’s his house. They continue to laugh as they drive past Bartlett’s hous There’s a few NEWSCASTERS out front but it’s still a loca story.
14) 12) dialog: Remember when her nudes leaked?
14) 21) dialog: I literally forget sometimes how weird you are and then you say some shit like that -
14) 24) dialog: I rest my case.
15) 2) dialog: Fuck fuckboys.
15) 4) dialog: Now hold your head high. Diamond spots Bex as she struts right past them. Johnny, arm around Reagan, yells out.
15) 11) dialog: Am I in trouble?
15) 13) dialog: Because you’ve never just invited me into your office for tea and scones. 29 INT. PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE - DAY 29 Lily sits across from Principal Turrell.
15) 15) dialog: (sighs) She rejected my portfolio for AP Art. ich is total bullshit. I don’t mean to sound arrogant, but it’s true. I’m good. I’m not great But I know I’m good. Drawin like the only thing I actually spend time on or Ske care about. So I don’t know what kind of personal issue she has with me but - 23.
15) 17) dialog: Define explicit.
15) 19) dialog: Then by that definition Botticelli is explicit.
15) 22) dialog: Thanks.
15) 24) dialog: Thanks.
15) 26) dialog: I just don’t know how it’s explicit. Like I don’t know what world you guys live in, but it’s not explicit.
15) 28) dialog: What is? The drawing? Or the fact that there’s 5.8 billion naked selfies online? People always sa draw from life. well this cf like. 24.
15) 30) dialog: I disagree. But you’re a man. I don’t expect you to understand.
15) 32) dialog: All you're looking at is the nudity. But it’s not about that... It’s not about sex or porn or even being naked. It’s about everything that goes into it. The pressure. The endless mindfuck. The ten thousand nudes you took before this one. Trying to get it just right. Making sure your tits are perfect. That_the light hides your left nipple because it’s slightly inverted, or it’s smaller, or your areola looks weird or your labia’s too big, and if you pull your pubic bone_up, and bend to the left, ina low light setting... THEN... THEN... You'll be beautiful. Hashtag Flawless. Body confident. But it’s all one big lie. You can never be. No one’s flawless and all it takes is one fucking asshole to remind you of that. One guy to say ew or lol or she’s nasty... And ou’re back to square one. Cause it’s a rigged game. We just didn’t realize it. (frustrated) So, I don’t know, maybe it is explicit or extreme... But it sure as fuck looks like life to me. Lily looks Principal Turrell dead in the eye.
16) 0) text: Lily puts her headphones in. GASOLINE by HALSEY. She walks through the hallway, lost in some other world i
17) 0) text: Passes a few awkward freshman looking in the mirror. Ente stall. Latches it shut. Leans against the door. [All the below plays out on screen in graphics.] She open her iPhone camera. Forms a gun with her fingers, jams the ‘barrel’ down her throat. Snaps picture after picture. Sp spills down her chin. Lipstick smears ever so slightly. A then finally. She gets it right. She opens the pic ina Facetune app Smooths out her skin. Blows out the exposure until her face is the color of an angel. And then texts the pic to [heart eyes] Daddy: Lily: I hate school. Wanna pull the trigger, Daddy? A beat. Daddy: Fuckk. You’re insatiable. Lily: Show me how insatiable. CLOSE ON LILY’S FACE: she holds her breath. And then a short video begins to play. A man in a suit st in front of a bathroom mirror. He begins to unbuckle his belt. Slides his hand down his pants. Dadi 2? pily: [bang emoji] [bang emoji] ly: 22? CLOSE ON: Lily’s text: I’m dead. A FLOCK OF BIRDS puncture the SUN. As the CAMERA TILTS DOWN. To find the girls driving aroun after school. INT/EXT. LILY’S CAR - ROAD - DAY 32
18) 4) dialog: I don’t know, I kinda feel bad for the wife and kids.
20) 6) dialog: What’d you think this was? The motherfucking Breakfst Club?
21) 0) text: CAMERA DROPS DOWN FROM ABOVE to the aquamarine water of t pool, little ripples forming outward, as the girls, float in separate inflatable donuts, enter the frame. Lily is wearing a yellow shirt that says F*CKING SAVAGE, leopard print boy shorts, and heart shaped sunglasses. Em is wearing a white chiffon marabou robe, red evening gloves and kitten heels. Sarah is wearing a red latex bathing suit and matching he boots a la Beyonce’s Lemonade look. Bex is wearing a cep top that says I HAVE NO TITS across chest and a skirted bathing suit bottom.
21) 1) dialog: This whole thing is super fucking weird.
21) 3) dialog: Yeah.
21) 5) dialog: But like also the way all his shit got aired - It was so fucking raw. (MORE )
21) 9) dialog: - Yeah but did you read the texts?
21) 11) dialog: They're super sad. Like he has this one fight with his wife where she caught him like doing something with some dude. He writes back: (looks at phone, reads) “I'm perpetually at war. Not with you or the life we’ve chosen but myself. I_know_I‘m better than this, Leslie. I just sometimes fear, I don’t have the constitution to be the man I promised you I was...
21) 14) dialog: “Michael. You’re 15 years of marriage too late for this conversation. The kids and I expect to see you at dinner.” Bex looks at Lily disgusted -
21) 16) dialog: Doesn’t mean it’s not sad. I mean, can you imagine how fucking lonely he felt?
21) 18) dialog: But you had the courage to be yourself... 31.
21) 20) dialog: You can disagree and still empathize with him.
21) 22) dialog: Fair enough. There's a beat as Bex thinks -
21) 28) dialog: What?
24) 26) dialog: Disturbing? 38.
24) 28) dialog: Not really.
24) 30) dialog: He looked at porn, so what?
24) 32) dialog: Yeah but like, they design it that way. It’s like headlines. Like click bait.
24) 34) dialog: Did you even look at the pictures?
24) 36) dialog: No, but like obviously people showed it to me.
24) 38) dialog: It’s not like that, the pictures aren't like sexual.
24) 40) dialog: It’s not his fault! He got hacked!
24) 43) dialog: Well, why’s that?
24) 45) dialog: That's my point, exactly - What's the big deal? I’m your aughter , why would you be so weirded out? Lawrence looks at her.
24) 47) dialog: All I’m trying to say is like, nudity isn’t inherently sexual. That's the whole thing with these pictures, it’s you guys who are making it sexual. Just ‘cause a young girl’s naked, doesn’t mean it’s sexual or creepy or perv-y. It doesn’t make him Tike a child molester.
24) 49) dialog: What? There’s a picture of me in the jiving room at like 2, naked. Is that child pornography?
24) 51) dialog: So at what age does nudity become pornography? Lawrence interrupts. His frustration growing.
24) 55) dialog: Thank you, Daddy. Her mother slaps her, and_although it’s not with a tremen amount of force, it’s still enough to rattle Lily. She sits motionless. Her eyes welling with tears as she t her best not to break. She stands up.
24) 56) dialog: Thank you for making me feel safe. She curtsies, and walks out of the room.
30) 0) text: Em drapes her legs over Bex’s lap as they share a chair i front of Bex’s computer. Sarah leans over them as they lo at the anonymous ask Lily screenshotted. * Em turns to Lily who is lying on the floor of the classro arms and legs splayed out, wearing sunglasses.
30) 8) dialog: I don’t know, P Acton re right. It’s probably just Mark being a dick.
30) 10) dialog: Um. Like a million nudes. Really ross porn. Super pervy texts. And ike life-altering shit talk about ny family and almost everyone in this school. 51 46.
30) 19) dialog: What'd he say?
30) 21) dialog: Go Patterson, go!
31) 0) text: After school, Lily grabs her bag out of her locker. As sh slams her locker shut, WE SEE A FIGURE IN THE EROSTRATUS GRAB HER.
31) 4) dialog: Seriously, Mark. Eat a bag of dicks.
32) 0) text: As Lily walks to her car she sees Principal Turrell acros the way, heading toward the school. She gives him a small wave but he just averts his eyes.
38) 0) text: WE SEE THE LIGHTED BLUE OF A POOL. The opening notes of D HARRY by GRACE. At_48 fps WE SEE the CRASH OF WATER followed by EM IN A N SWIMSUIT as she descends into the water revealing she’s wearing the EROSTRATUS MASK. And as the bass drops on the song we CUT TO: Lily struts toward CAMERA wearing the EROSTRATUS MASK, an begins to dance. As Em, Bex, Sarah and a GROUP OF TEENS c her on... JUMP CUT TO: Bex does Beyonce’s 7/11 dance in the MASK as everyone roa
41) 0) text: Bex walks over to the couch and lays down across Sarah an Lily’s laps. Sarah is talking to Mark and a few OTHER GUY one in a TANK TOP, one in a SNAP BACK.
41) 18) dialog: Haven't I told you? Mark’s a fucking savage. Mark swallows hard before nodding. An awkward beat.
41) 19) dialog: I gotta go to the bathroom. WE FOLLOW her as she walks towards the bathroom.
42) 0) text: As Lily pees she HEARS Nance ON THE PHONE through the wal
43) 0) text: Lily exits the bathroom. She HEARS faint crying coming fr Nance’s bedroom. She stops.
43) 3) dialog: Yeah, yeah. Everything okay? Lily leans in to peek around the door. SHE SEES Nance in lit’ by the television.
43) 5) dialog: Look, I don’t wanna be like, rude but if you're crying about uh... what’s his name -
43) 7) dialog: But like, don’t. Seriously. You’re hot, Nance. What were you even doing with him?
43) 9) dialog: I don’t know if you meant it that way, but that’s iterally the e saddest thing I’ve ever ard.
43) 11) dialog: (a beat) What do you mean by that?
44) 3) dialog: Seriously, you’re acting like Mark Wahlberg in’ Fear right now.
44) 7) dialog: Keep going.
44) 9) dialog: Keep going.
44) 11) dialog: You mean the fact that you haven't?
44) 13) dialog: Let me ask you a question. If I never sucked your dick you think you might mention it to Mason?
44) 15) dialog: (matter of factly) Mark, why don’t you eat my pussy? MARK . Cause I’m really angry at you right now.
44) 16) dialog: How convenient. Mark shakes his head and sits on the bed, facing away. Lily sits on Em’s desk, leans against the window behind h In the awkward silence, Lily looks over her shoulder and the light on in the window across the street.
44) 20) dialog: Disgusting? Yeah, kinda. She looks at her phone. Daddy: Yeah Lily: Then look out ur window
44) 21) dialog: Look at me, Mark. (he turns ) Why’s that a bad thing?
44) 23) dialog: Say it.
44) 25) dialog: Tell me I’m disgusting.
44) 27) dialog: Just say it.
44) 29) dialog: Just fucking say it, Mark.
44) 31) dialog: Don’t say it if you don’t mean it.
44) 34) dialog: I know. As she guides him down and out of frame. We see her slowl turn her head over her shoulder and look out the window.
44) 35) dialog: I know. INT. NICK’S STUDY - CONTINUOUS 68 WE SEE the silhouette of Nick, and in the distance, Lily framed by the light of the bedroom window. A lone figure in a sea of blac
44) 48) text: 70 71 72 59. EROSTR4TUS (V.O.) fCONT'D) Why was their future olen rom them while you still have yours... What’d you say?... God?... lol. Did God look at you, sitting on” your couch watching reality TV, and think, “oh, I’1ll spare that one. I got plans for that one...” Lily, Em and Bex all curled up in bed. Nance drinking a Margarita in bed. WE LAND ON FIVE PHOTOS of RANDOM TOWNSPEOPLE. EROSTR4TUS (V.O. And_ even if you disagree, there’s a small part of you that wonders if I’m right. ANOTHER SET OF FIVE TOWNSPEOPLE. EROSTR4TUS (V.0O. That’s why you’re gripping the hand of the one you love. e one you trust. Because life is too fucking scary to brave alone. ANOTHER SET OF FIVE TOWNSPEOPLE.
53) 0) text: SLOW PUSH IN on Lily's face as we see her download the .z file of Nick’s data. As she downloads the file, WE SEE on SCREEN the list of a the labeled files appearing one by one. WE SEE one file labeled: KIK DATA And in that file, we see their entire text history. She begins to look at the nude photos of herself that hav been leaked. Her face is never shown. She begins to notice identifying details. She zooms in on -- A small scar. -- A Grimes poster on the wall of her bedroom. -- A necklace. -- A mole. -- Her bracelets. -- Rings. -- A birthmark on the small of her back And then her heart stops. A whole file of videos. She ope the first... A CLOSE UP of her mouth, and written across her face, the word: WHORE, her mouth forming the “0” She hits play, as we hear her voice:
53) 1) dialog: I want to be the best little girl you've ever had, Daddy. She looks back at the 4Chan boards. Then she sees a comment thread titled: who is this wh0re? Next to the screen shot of her mouth. 27,622 page views. 1,103 user comments. ThrillKilla666: We gotta find out who this bitch is. Hot Xvk5t&D: Is salem’s yearbook online? Lets start scouring profiles. PepeDaFrog93: just found the last few Salem yearbooks onl assuming shes <21. cross referencing mouths and jewelry. narrowed it down to 16. will post names. She sees NICK'S .zip file has 73,384 downloads. She OPENS HER TUMBLR. Scans her Anonymous asks. Anonymous asked: theyre gonna find you wh0re She begins to frantically delete everything off her compu Her phone vibrates. New text message.
53) 2) text: 80 63. -- Rose: Lily? A beat. -- Rose: How could you?
57) 24) dialog: He’s probably not. He’s just boxed himself in.
57) 26) dialog: Reality crashed in on him.
57) 28) dialog: Come on, Bex. The world is changing.
57) 30) dialog: It was. (peat) And it will again. INT. LILY’S ROOM 86 Lily and Bex are under the covers together.
57) 32) dialog: I was babysitting for them, and afterward he'd always give me a ride home. I mean, Ye sounds so cliche but like, the only guys that have ever been interested in me were like, dumb 16 year olds. He was the first guy who like, genuinely seemed interested in what I thought about things. I don’t know. He was sweet, too. We never actually like, hooked up. (MORE )
57) 36) dialog: The most that ever happened was once he put his hand on my thigh and I literally like, melted. He was so stead know? His hands were like, Stéady But I got freaked out afterwards, and that’s when I stopped baby-sitting. Then we just started texting.
57) 38) dialog: It was stupid. It was really fucking stupid.
57) 40) dialog: I know.
57) 42) dialog: Just Rose.
57) 44) dialog: Yes.
57) 46) dialog: Yes.
57) 50) dialog: I love you, too. 87 88
60) 0) text: The music continues as CAMERA moves from LILY driving to sitting shotgun, her boots on the side view mirror, to EM SARAH sprawled out in the back. It’s silent as they look out at the town around them.
66) 0) text: Lily sits in the back of the class. Her phone vibrates. : Meet me under the bleachers in 5. I need to talk to you. About what? It’s important. She raises her hand. The teacher looks at her.
66) 1) dialog: May I use the bathroom? 98 99 78.
67) 0) text: Lily walks under the bleachers, looking for Mark. She spo him but as she nears she notices that something’s off.
67) 1) dialog: What’s going on?
67) 3) dialog: What?
67) 5) dialog: No.
67) 7) dialog: Yeah. I’m sure.
67) 9) dialog: No, I’m not.
67) 11) dialog: No.
67) 13) dialog: No. Lily hears something behind her. As she turns, ERIC wraps his arm around her neck as TWO O GUYS grab her. Lily screams. ing to fight back but they quickly overpower her and atest e her to the ground.
67) 15) dialog: Please. Please. Please -
67) 20) dialog: Please don’t do this, Mark. Please. Please. Please.
67) 22) dialog: Mark I’m begging you. Stop. Stop.
68) 0) text: MARK as HE LOOKS UP and turns his phone toward his FRIEND AND US, Lily beneath him.
70) 6) dialog: I can’t do this right now. Just-- She starts to walk up the stairs.
70) 9) dialog: Please don’t do this. Rebecca opens the door.
70) 11) dialog: Mom...
70) 13) text: I’m asking you a simple question, Lily. Is that you in the photos?
70) 14) dialog: Please, don’t do this.
70) 17) dialog: I’m begging you. Don’t do this...
70) 19) dialog: Dad--
70) 21) dialog: Yes. It is. Rebecca takes this in, then very calmly, very quietly:
70) 23) dialog: What?
70) 25) dialog: Mom, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.
70) 28) dialog: I wasn’t thinking, I made a mistake- 83. 105 84.
71) 0) text: Lily walks along the sidewalk, trying to collect herself. the distance behind her, a car drives down the street. As the car approaches, windows rolled down, we see TWO GU (early 20s.)
71) 4) dialog: Leave me the fuck alone.
71) 6) dialog: Leave me the fuck alone.
71) 10) dialog: Please. Leave me alone. Lily tries to hold back her tears -
71) 14) dialog: Fuck you.
72) 0) text: As LILY RUNS down another driveway « The PASSENGER hops o again, and takes off after her. She disappears around the corner of a garage. WE RUN with the PASSENGER as he races down the driveway toward the garage. As he nears the corner - CRACK! -- LILY SLAMS HIM in the FACE with a SHOVEL. 109 88. BLOOD and TEETH go flying as his BONES BREAK under the ha metal. His body quickly goes limp, crumbling to the groun LILY raises the SHOVEL again, looking down at him, gaspin and gurgling in his own blood. A beat. She drops the shovel and takes off running - WE HOLD CLOSE ON LILY as she runs, staring right at us, breathing rhythmically with each pounding step.
79) 0) text: -- Where laid out on the desk are handguns, ammunition, z ties, a map of the neighborhood. Printed files of data leaks. The picture of Erostratus. He walks over, sits at his desk. Looks straight at US. As reaches behind CAMERA and TURNS OFF HIS DESK LAMP - REVERSE: The darkness reveals the street outside at night and the Lacey house lit up in the distance... And in Em’s window, LILY is laughing. And we realize where we are, and who this man is. NICK picks up one of the handguns, points it straight at and steadies his arm. It’s an impossible shot, or at leas seems like one. As we see Lily turn towards the window, his gun still tra on her... HE PULLS THE TRIGGER. CLICK. The chamber is empty. 95. 117 INT. EM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 117 Lily, Em, Bex, and Sarah lay around Em’s room, half-watch the 1971 version of Straw Dogs.
79) 9) dialog: I just don’t understand how like legit news organizations can link to my nudes.
79) 14) dialog: What are people saying back?
79) 16) dialog: It’s not funny, Bex.
79) 18) dialog: I don’t know, 40,000 or something. But straight up, 80% of them are threatening to either kill me or rape me. In no particular order. Which I can’t figure out for the life of me. Like who sees naked hotos of a girl and their first instinct is like “yo, I gotta kill this bitch.”
79) 22) dialog: This whole thing is so fucking humiliating.
79) 28) dialog: No. C’mon. That would have been last_week. Right now, it would be “girl burns this motherfucking town to the ground” scene.
79) 32) dialog: Why the fuck do I gotta die at the end?
79) 37) dialog: He’s lying. I swear to god that’s not true. She not only s Zdmitted that she was behind the hacks, but she also said that if I didn’t help her, she’d release all of my private information as well my father’s. (he breaks down crying) I’m so sorry. I was so scared. I didn’t know what to do and so I agreed to help her. I’m so sorry for all the pain I’ve caused. I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. The video ends. Lily curls into a ball, sobbing hysterica
79) 38) dialog: He’s lying. Tell me you believe me. Tell me you know I didn’t do this.
81) 24) text: The door slowly creeps open. Sarah begins to panic as she looks at Lily.
81) 29) dialog: Nance, give me the gun. Em clings to Lily, crying.
81) 32) dialog: Is there a safety that I need -
81) 34) dialog: I love you.
81) 36) dialog: I love you all so much. She pulls away. Tucks the gun in the waistband of her ski And walks toward the front door. She stops. And then she steps outside -— 120 121 122 102.
82) 0) text: Lily looks around at TEN MASKED MEN, positioned around th house and street. Suddenly, she’s swarmed on either side. TWO MEN grab her throw her to the ground. Her hands are quickly zip tied. Mouth duct taped. And then lifted and carried toward a ca RED STOCKING MASK stands outside the front door, holding nail gun and looking at the house. Another BLACK SKI MASK, yells to him.
83) 0) text: ANGLE ON. LILY as she’s stuffed in the BACK SEAT of the C surrounded by THREE MASKED MEN. She sees the house go up flames and begins to scream from under the duct tape.
84) 0) text: WIDE SHOT: The car carrying Lily begins to drive away int the night - A beat. FOUR MUFFLED GUNSHOTS LIGHT up the inside. The CAR SLOWS, before veering at a snail’s pace and bangi into a stop sign. 123 103. A BEAT. The BACK DOOR opens. LILY emerges covered in blood. Her hands still zip tied behind her back, but her waist twisted to the side in ord to hold the gun. She crouches down, lays the revolver down on the street a tries to step through her bound hands to bring them to th front... She can’t. She lays down on the street facing us she tries to get her legs through - In the BG BLACK MASK crawls out of the car, a LARGE KNIFE HAND. He’s bleeding from his gut as he slowly slithers to Lily. Lily is straining her shoulders as pulls her legs up. The MAN slithers closer, his KNIFE raised. He’s almost on of her as she finally brings her leg to the front, reache down, grabs the gun. As BLACK MASK brings his KNIFE DOWN to STAB HER, she PUSH THE BARREL under his chin and PULLS THE TRIGGER, blowing head off. His body drops. She looks at him, shaking with fear. She tears the tape off her mouth and turns toward -- THE HOUSE, flames licking around the first story. And standing in front of the HOUSE, the man in the RED STOCKING MASK. He begins to walk toward LILY. Nail gun raised. POP. POP. Both nails miss, clinking against the pavement around Lil Lily aims her revolver at him. Pulls the trigger. CLICK. chamber is empty. She takes off running -
86) 0) text: CLOSE ON Lily, face down as she hides in the bushes. WE H the sound of footsteps approaching. THROUGH a small part the bushes, she can see a pair of combat boots as they ne and then stop. A fly lands on Lily’s cheek. She blinks as it buzzes off. boots start to walk away. From the other direction... another set of footsteps. The walk right up to her. Her whole body clenches in fear. And then A MAN’S HAND SLIDES THROUGH THE BUSHES and taps She jumps. *
86) 3) dialog: (whisp pered) Thank you, Nic Thank you so much.
86) 17) dialog: Nick?
86) 19) dialog: Is Rose here?
86) 21) dialog: Seriously, Nick. Is Rose here?
86) 26) dialog: Did you see if they made it out?
86) 28) dialog: Em, Bex, Nance, Sarah. Anyone?
86) 31) dialog: I’m just scared.
86) 33) dialog: Everyone. Everything.
87) 7) dialog: I know. Me too.
87) 9) dialog: Yeah.
87) 11) dialog: I know. You told me.
87) 13) dialog: And you still - Nick stops sawing.
87) 18) dialog: No. No. That’s not true -
87) 20) dialog: Nick I didn’t even know you liked me until you -
87) 24) dialog: Yes. I did.
87) 26) dialog: Because I liked you.
87) 28) dialog: No.
87) 30) dialog: Yes. 130 131 132 111.
89) 0) text: Bex is running through the pitch black woods. As she near the edge of the woods, there’s a slight hill that slopes to a street, and she can see her house on the corner. -- she’s hit from behind. INT. CARLY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 132 Lily looks at Nick, who strokes her hair.
89) 1) dialog: May I use the bathroom?
89) 3) dialog: What about the one down the hall?
89) 5) dialog: I really have to pee. Please.
89) 8) dialog: I promise. Lily gets up and walks down the hall. Nick follows. Watch her from the door frame as she enters the bathroom, a lit sliver of light from the streetlights outside -
90) 0) text: ry, looks at the silhouette of Nick at the end of the hal knife still in hand. She slowly shuts the door to the bathroom. Locks it. It’s dead silent. Except for a few buzzing flies. In the darkness of the bathroom, Lily searches for someth to arm herself with - On the edge of the sink, a MACH 3 GILETTE RAZOR. She puts on the ground, steps on it. It cracks underneath. She tries to pick up the thin razors. It slices her thumb She licks her finger of blood and tries again. She finally picks them up. But they're too thin to hold a weapon. She grabs a bar of soap off the edge of the sink. Wedges the first razor in -
90) 2) dialog: Yeah. Lily reaches over and flushes the toilet. Goes back to tr to wedge the other razors in the soap. The toilet continues to run. The water rises higher and higher. It starts to overflow. Spilling out and pooling o the floor of the bathroom.
90) 3) dialog: (quietly) Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. She gets the second RAZOR wedged. The water won’t stop running. The toilet gurgles. It’s flooding the bathroom. bily? NICK (0.C.) In the darkness, the water looks black. It’s sloshing aro her shoes. It feels heavier, thicker than water. And the
90) 6) dialog: (under her breath) What the fuck? Lily moves her hand to the light-switch. Flicks the light A RIVER OF BLOOD IS OVERFLOWING FROM THE TOILET. SHE SCREAMS. Turns toward the showertub. The curtain is d but she can see a HUMAN HAND dangling over the side.
91) 0) text: A MAN in a BEAKED MASK drops a rope around Bex’s neck, an begins to slowly drag her through the woods as she kicks screams, clutching at the rope around her neck. INT. NICK’S HOUSE - NIGHT 135 Lily stands in the bathroom, drenched in blood. Nick lies dead on the floor. As she wipes the blood from her face. She walks down the hall into NICK’S OFFICE. She turns on light, to REVEAL a WALL OF WEAPONS. An Assault Rifle. Kni Handguns and a combat shotgun with a bayonet.
93) 14) dialog: Where’s Bex?
93) 16) dialog: Where’s Nance? A pained look in Sarah and Em’s face. Suddenly, A loud gurgling from Richter. The girls turn. S grabs Lily’ s shotgun and rounds the police cruiser. She looks down at Richter laying in a pool of his own blo He looks up at Sarah, gurgling. Close on SARAH:
94) 0) text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS DOWN FROM the NIGHT SKY to find Lily, and Sarah walking through the streets of Salem, armed to teeth - with machetes, shotguns and handguns.
95) 28) text: The Masked Teammate hears a twig SNAP. He turns as EM SWINGS BACK HER MACHETE and BRINGS IT DOWN HACKING INTO HIS BODY. She lets go of the machete as MASKED TEAMMATE turns to fi himself looking down THE BARREL OF A GUN. Sarah shoots hi point blank. Em pulls the machete out of him and cuts the rope as Bex drops to the ground. One of the OTHER MASKED TEAMMATES pulls out a knife and dunges at Lily. She points the BARREL BETWEEN HIS LEGS an pulls the trigger. He screams and writhes in pain. Johnny stands up from Diamond and points his gun as the G start to surround him.
95) 33) dialog: Drop the gun, Johnny. C’mon, drop it. JOHNNY points the gun at Lily, pulls the trigger. Click. Bex quickly swings the gun, plunging the bayonet tip into Johnny "'s chest. He drops the gun. She holds him at a sa istance.
95) 34) dialog: All you do is pull the trigger.
95) 37) dialog: At this point... Yes.
95) 47) dialog: You better take responsibility -
95) 52) dialog: Ok. Give me your phone. He hands her his phone.
95) 53) dialog: What’s your password? He hesitates. Em raises her machete.
95) 55) dialog: Seriously? (then) Go and tell your boys about us.
95) 57) dialog: For real. For real. He gets up, grateful.
95) 70) dialog: I mean... (with a wink) --. Not all men.
96) 0) text: Lily jogs into her PERISCOPE account. She has over forty thousand followers.
96) 1) dialog: (to Bex) Hold that flashlight on me. Bex picks up the flashlight, shines it on Lily’s face.
96) 2) dialog: A little higher and to the right.
96) 5) dialog: How do I look?
96) 11) dialog: (smiles) I don’t know what I’d do without you guys.
96) 15) text: A spotlight on the face of Lily. She looks battered and bloody but unbowed. Handguns line the waistband of her sk
96) 16) dialog: My name is Lily Colson. I’m eighteen years old. And I don’t know if me and my friends will live through the night... points to Bex) That’s Bex. She’s seventeen. I’ve known her my whole life and I love her to deat She’s taught me more about courage than anyone I’ve ever met. (to Sarah) Come here. Sarah joins Bex and Lily as they huddle together - LILY (CONT’D) This is Sarah. She’s eighteen. I met her in first grade when Mike Saunders pushed me into the coat rack and I split my chin--
96) 18) dialog: Yeah, she beat the shit outta him. And if you’re listening right now, Mark Saunders, fuck you... Lily grabs EM.
96) 19) dialog: And this is Em, our baby girl. She’s sixteen. She’s the smartest person I know and you should all read her fic cause she’s an unreal writer -
96) 23) dialog: And this town wants to kill us all. beat) And they can say it’s because they thought I was behind it all. Or cause I’m a homewrecker. Or a whore. I’m immoral. I deserve it. I had it coming. (beat) Well, guess what... I didn’t hack anybody’ s shit. I didn’t do it. And know who did. (beat) As far as being a homewrecker and a whore and amoral? (sighs) Sure. But it doesn’t hold a fucking candle to your righteousness. That’s the real sickness here.
96) 25) dialog: Righteousness and hypocrisy. | It’s the simple fact that you can’t live by the rules you set, yet you still pretend.
96) 27) dialog: This is your world. You built it. If it’s too strict. Tear it the fuck down. Start over. But don’t look at me... Don’t take your hate out on me. I just got here. VARIOUS SHOTS: Through the windows of houses as we see th faces of teenagers in the soft gtow of their phones and computers as they watch Lily’s live stream.
96) 28) dialog: And I don’t have a fucking clue where to go. Because from the moment I arrived, all I was ever given were orders... WE CUT closer and faster FROM TO FACE TO FACE, of ALL THE TEENAGE GIRLS in SALEM watching Lily's speech.
96) 29) dialog: Smile. Open up. Cross your legs, spread your pussy. Speak softer. Scream louder. Be quiet. Be confident. Be interesting. (MORE )
96) 31) dialog: Stop being so difficult. Be strong. t Don’t fig! back. Be an angel. Be a whore. Be a princess... Be anything ou want to be... Even the resident of the United States of America. Just kidding. BACK TO LILY. Standing in front of the CAMERA.
96) 32) dialog: Fuck you. I’m no longer listening. You still wanna kill me. Rape me. Stab me. Shoot me. Then let’s go. Rally your fucking crew. Get your guns and hide behind your masks. You want to do this in real life now? Go ahead. Give it your best shot. Cause you’ve prepared me my whole life for this... (beat ) You may kill me but you can’t kill us all.
97) 0) text: GANGSTA by KAT DAHLIA plays. As CAMERA BOOMS UP on LILY, EM, SARAH and BEX as they wal through the suburban streets of SALEM, carrying their wea and READY FOR WAR. In the windows of the houses they pass WE SEE the faces o YOUNG GIRLS, watching OUR GIRLS head toward the MOB unafr SUDDENLY, a FOURTEEN YEAR OLD GIRL opens her FRONT DOOR a runs across her lawn to join them. And then from the other side of the street, A SIXTEEN YEA OLD GIRL runs out to join. And then a NINETEEN YEAR OLD. Until it feels like every GIRL in SALEM is joining them. And then a TEENAGE BOY. And ANOTHER. And ANOTHER. UNTIL LILY, EM, SARAH and BEX are LEADING THEIR OWN MOB. In the distance they can see the MASKED MOB gathered outs of Lily’s house. They grab each others hands and hold them tightly. As they come face to face with the MASKED MOB, we see standing behind them A MOB of almost equal size.
98) 0) text: Lily's parents, LAWRENCE and REBECCA sit in the office.