26) 0) text: MARTY, 16, sits at the end of the table. CHIEF PATTERSON, OFFICER RICHTER, and TECH CONSULTANT sit at the other end while Marty’s FATHER sits behind him, in a wheelchair.
26) 13) dialog: And why would that be?
27) 5) dialog: Sure sounded like a threat. , MARTY | . . No, I’m just playing it out to its logical conclusion. The other SALEM HIGH STUDENTS overhear this exchange. A random, stone faced teen speaks up:
56) 1) dialog: So you're saying three cars pointed their headlights towards the house?
56) 6) dialog: Uh huh. By the sound of a car horn?
56) 8) dialog: Sit down, Miss. I need you to stay seated. Daniels checks various windows and locks around the house OFFICER RICHTER (CONT’D) So where’s your Mom?
56) 10) dialog: Oh yeah? She not feeling well?
56) 12) dialog: I’m not sure I understand the dynamic here... How are you two related? There’s a beat.
56) 14) dialog: She doesn’t look like your sister.
56) 16) dialog: You guess?
56) 21) dialog: So you aren’t blood related?
56) 23) dialog: Right. And where are your dads now?
56) 25) dialog: It matters because I’m trying to figure out what’s actually going on this household. So I’1l start with you, Miss. Where is your Dad? Sarah stares at him defiantly.
56) 27) dialog: We got a tough one here. (over to Em) And where is your dad? A look of pain passes over Em's face.
56) 29) dialog: Where is your Dad?
56) 31) dialog: See, that wasn’t so hard to explain. Richter slides _a wooden chair close to_the couch and sit down right in front Sarah, his knees almost touching hers OFFICER RICHTER (CONT’D) Now, you girls may think you’re being harassed. But all you have to do is take one look at this family to realize that something ain’t right (as he leans in close) You may not understand, but this is a good town. A moral town. Full of decent, hardworking people. Sarah swallows hard, nodding. Officer Richter sucks his teeth, leans in even closer, his knee touching her knee.
56) 35) text: OFFICER RICHTER (CONT’D) So when they read about a seventeen year old girl who’s gotta take a roadtrip, to see a doctor, all because she can’t keep her knees together... They get concerned and in’ some cases passionate.
62) 0) text: WE SEE THE GIRLS walking TOWARD US. As they near the CAME they come to a stop. They look down to fin * OFFICER RICHTER sitting at a fold out table, guarding the front of the school, inspecting students’ bags. He looks up at Sarah and Em with a grin. *
62) 1) dialog: Twice in 24 hours? I’m beginning to think you girls like me. Em looks at Sarah, uncomfortable. He takes Em’s bag and d it on the table. Starts to inspect her belongings. Her makeup. A box of Tampax. OFFICER RICHTER (CONT’D) Pocket Pearls? Sounds cozy. Em and the girls grimace. He picks up her birth control. OFFICER RICHTER (CONT’D) What’s this?
62) 3) dialog: I guess the apple doesn’t fall from the tree. Em bursts into tears -
62) 5) dialog: You wanna get an attitude with me? Sarah doesn’t break eye contact as she stares through him
62) 7) dialog: You need me, way more than I need ou. Don’t you ever fucking forget at.
93) 1) dialog: I guess little Marty Kolker was telling the truth.
93) 3) dialog: Tell that to the FBI. They just called the Chief and confirmed Marty’s story about the amount of data Lily was uploading.
93) 5) dialog: See this is the problem with your fuckin’ generation. You don’t think anything’s real. You think you can just destroy people's lives like it’s fuckin’ nothing. Well, guess what? (beat) If you girls want to be our judge, 22 rye and executioner than I got no in’ problem being yours. In the distance, his headlights come up on Lily, a torn stocking covering her face, standing in the middle of the street. She has two machetes strapped to her back, three in the waistband of her skirt and she’s pointing a combat shotgun at the cop car. RICHTER slams on the brakes. Opens the car door. Holds hi gun by his side. Em and Sarah scream from the backseat:
93) 7) dialog: You sure you even know how to hold that thing, little girl? As RICHTER moves to shoot Lily - A LOUD BLAST. INSIDE COP CAR. BLOOD SPLATTERS THE WINDSHIELD of CRUISER As LILY blows RICHTER away. She walks to the cruiser and opens the back door. Em and Sarah wrap her arms around her..