15) 9) dialog: Lily, can I have a word with you in my office?
15) 12) dialog: Why the guilty conscience?
15) 14) dialog: - so what’s going on between you and Miss Dawson?
15) 16) dialog: Well, she mentioned something about the drawings being pretty explicit.
15) 18) dialog: - she said they were drawings of naked women engaged in sexual situations.
15) 20) dialog: Do you have your portfolio with you? May I see? She opens_her bag and hands it to him. Turrell starts to through. It’s a Series of stylized ink and watercolor drawings of young women taking nude selfies. Standing in front of mirrors, laying on their backs, on their hands a knees. Splayed. Spread. Arched. One after another. Each f illuminated by a halo of light emanating from their iPhon screens.
15) 21) dialog: It’s beautiful work.
15) 23) dialog: I mean it Lily, you’re really talented.
15) 25) dialog: With your grades and your talent, you could go to the school of your choice.
15) 27) dialog: Lily, these are drawings of young women in pornographic poses. It’s not just explicit, it’s very extreme.
15) 29) dialog: Well, it’s an aspect of life, sure. But I’d argue that there are many other areas of life that may be more deserving of your artistic talents.
15) 31) dialog: Try me.
15) 33) dialog: To be honest, Lily... You kind of caught me off guard with this one. (lets out a little laugh) But it’s obvious you’re extraordinarily gifted and when you go on to RISD, or NYU, or BROWN or wherever you want, people are gonna take notice. They’re gonna listen... But right now, you’re in high school. And whether fair or unfair, there’s a limit to what you can say. 30 31 32 25.
22) 0) text: PRINCIPAL TURRELL, 40s, is walking the halls with CHIEF PATTERSON, peering into different class rooms where they' holding counseling seminars.
22) 1) dialog: Look, some of the more sensitive kids are obviously still ver disturbed. The majority of ‘them I don't think really care all that much... I know that a bunch of them have been sharing those little e movie clips of t Mayor's suicide...
22) 3) dialog: But I think it’s important that we give them the time and space to communicate their feelings if they want to.
22) 5) dialog: Yeah, we have an after school A.V. Club.
22) 7) dialog: It’s a mixture, but they meet in the computer lab.
22) 9) dialog: I have a hard time believing one of our students would be involved in something like this. I feel like they'd be more inclined to go after a fellow student, a teacher, me... but not the Mayor. His phone RINGS. He looks at it.
22) 10) dialog: Hang on, it’s the superintendent, I gotta take this. He picks up the phone.
22) 11) dialog: (on phone) Hi Lisa. a beat) No, I’m not at the moment, why? We see Principal Turrell’s face drop.
22) 12) dialog: What do you mean “everything?” As the BELL RINGS, the entire STUDENT BODY descends into hallway, obscuring our view of him.
23) 0) text: Principal Turrell’s 10 year_old daughter, ALLIE, sits on couch next to her BROTHER, 7, as he plays an iPad game. She reaches over and mutes the sound.
23) 4) dialog: Everything, Alexis.
23) 6) dialog: Yes. 42 35.
23) 8) dialog: Yes.
23) 10) dialog: Yes.
23) 12) dialog: Just mine. Well, my computer and the family computer.
23) 14) dialog: Yes.
23) 16) dialog: Since I got a phone.
23) 18) dialog: Well, this SIM card. I’ve never deleted anything. So, I don’t know, five years? There’s a beat as they both take this in.
24) 0) text: (The following is a YOUTUBE VIDEO created by Johnny, Diam and Reagan where they are acting out Principal Turrell’s exchanges with his wife).
29) 6) dialog: Somebody did something very bad to me... To all of us. They released all_of my text messages, and e- mails, and pictures. So, your Mommy and I, all of our private conversations, now everybody knows about them.
29) 12) dialog: Like that I may have been inappropriate with you.
29) 14) dialog: (to Alexis) I don’t know how to have this conversation... (to Allie) Just know, that no matter what anybody says, I love you and I would never do anything to hurt you. WE HOLD on ALLIE as TURRELL gets up and walks out the fro door. After about three seconds, we HEAR, through the win REPORTER (0.C. Sir, do you consider photographing your daughter in the nude to child pornography? CLOSE: Alexis takes Allie into her arms and holds her in tight hug.
32) 0) text: As Lily walks to her car she sees Principal Turrell acros the way, heading toward the school. She gives him a small wave but he just averts his eyes.
35) 0) text: Principal Turrell stands on a stage next to a tong table where the school board members are seated. He looks out a the packed auditorium. He clears his throat. Trembles a bit.
35) 1) dialog: I’ve been told to come out here and to speak from my heart and then tell you that I am going to resign. * Hecklers yell out: You should! * 56 57 48.
35) 2) dialog: (beat But I said not resign. I have never been inappropriate with a student or my children. Period. Loud boos from the crowd. Turrell is visibly shaken.
35) 3) dialog: I love my job and I love these kids. Another heckler yells out: Pedophile PRINCIPAL TURRELL (CONT’D) This isn’t a joke. This is my life. This school has been my entire life. And I have always acted in the best interest of my students and this school. And es, I'm human. We all are. Bu have never allowed my private Tite to enter my work life in any way. And I know the members of the school board know that. So I trust I have faith that you will make. the right decision. That you will understand my intentions were never... ill. And_ that you will judge me how you would judge yourself. He stands on stage, the light in his eyes. His hands shak from nervousness.
35) 4) dialog: Thank you.
37) 1) dialog: Alexis?... Alexis? There’s no answer. The house is empty.