24) 25) dialog: I mean, I find the whole thing very disturbing.
24) 27) dialog: You wouldn't call it disturbing?
24) 29) dialog: Well, maybe your generation's a little desensitized.
24) 31) dialog: You saw the names of those videos.
24) 33) dialog: It’s just that coupled with those photographs... The ones of his daughter. Just as a mother, Lily, it rubs me the wrong way.
24) 35) dialog: Of course I didn’t! Did you?
24) 37) dialog: Well did you inform them that they were most likely breaking the law?
24) 39) dialog: Lily, she’s six years old and she’s naked on the internet for the whole world to see. You don’t find that a little sick?
24) 41) dialog: But he took the pictures in the first place. That’s what disturbs me. There are boundaries, Lily, between fathers and daughters. Now you may not believe that, but there are.
24) 48) dialog: Give me a break, Lily.
24) 50) dialog: Well there’s a big difference between you naked at 20 months old in your grandmother’s bathtub and you naked at 6 years old. Okay? Plus, you have to take into account everything else we know about this man —
70) 7) dialog: Lily, come back here and sit down! Lily continues walking.
70) 8) dialog: Lily! They hear Lily’s door slam. WE FOLLOW Rebecca as she walk Lily’s room with an eerie calmness, Lawrence in tow. She knocks on Lily’s door.
70) 10) dialog: I want to ask you a question and I want you to be honest with me.
70) 12) dialog: Is that you in the photos on Nick Mathers’ phone? (a beat) (MORE )
70) 15) dialog: I just want to know the truth, Lily. Is this you? Did you do this? Lily starts to get emotional.
70) 16) dialog: Lily, you re my daughter. I have spent years raising you. I just want to know the trut.
70) 18) dialog: Lily, is this you in the photos?
70) 22) dialog: Get out of this house.
70) 24) dialog: Get. Out. Of this house.
70) 26) dialog: Lily, you can either walk out of this house, or I can drag you out. Lawrence looks at Rebecca -
70) 27) dialog: No. Lawrence... I will not have -
70) 29) dialog: You are not the daughter I raised. I don’t know who you are. But I will not have _a whore and a homewrecker sleeping under my roof. Lily sobs in her bed. Rebecca screams at her -
70) 30) dialog: Get up! Get up! Right now! Lily drops her head to her pillow as her mother violently grabs her by the arm and rips her out of bed, onto the fl Lily screams, and Lawrence watches silently from the door
70) 31) dialog: Stand up Lily. Stand up. You think you're a grown woman? Then stand up, Lily. I will drag you down these stairs. Stand up. Lily continues to cry. Rebecca proceeds to drag her down stairs until she lies at the base of the staircase. She looks up to see her father watching silently at the t of the stairs. Rebecca opens the front door, grabs Lily by both arms, an pulls her out onto the doorstep. Her mother slams the front door behind her, and sits down the foot of the stairs, before being joined by her husban They sit in silence for a beat, before they begin to hear Lily violently pound on the front door, begging for forgiveness. Lawrence puts his arm around Rebecca. From behind, DONNY nonchalantly starts to walk down the stairs, hand in his pants, sipping a Mountain Dew. As he passes his grief-stricken parents, he lets out a loud bur
98) 0) text: Lily's parents, LAWRENCE and REBECCA sit in the office.