4) 0) text: EM LACEY, 16 and her step-sister SARAH, 18 hang out with WARREN, i7, trans-feminine. They’ re watching a make up tutorial aS Bex does Sarah’s make up. * Lily enters her room, collapses on Em's bed.
4) 2) dialog: It’s too depressing to talk about.
4) 15) dialog: It’s like mace first, ask questions later.
4) 21) dialog: Em, have you seen his hands? He has those spoon-like nailbeds -
4) 23) dialog: You know those flat wide nails that pedophiles have?
4) 25) dialog: You're telling me. Lily’s phone buzzes with a TEXT, it’s from someone named [heart eyes] Daddy: i think about you every second of eve lay. its fucking painful. She hides her phone. ; SARAH (CONT’D) Wait. Guess who’s sexting Bex?
4) 30) dialog: Yesssssss.
4) 32) dialog: Guys are so lame. They all groan.
4) 35) dialog: Seriously Lil, that’s so not okay. We're ata “point in human history where it’s like, men who don’t eat pussy are straight up sociopathic. They all burst out laughing. Bex quotes Em in a TUMBLR PO that we see being written ON SCREEN: Men who don’t eat pu are sociopathic - Em
4) 37) dialog: You should just go over and sit on his face.
4) 39) dialog: What are you talking about? When was the last time someone went down on you?
5) 0) text: Sarah turns up the music “SHHH” by RAYE as CAMERA tilts d to_find Bex hanging onto the back bumper of Lily’s car, roller-skating in a dark red kimono, erican flag leggings and a shirt that reads: “The Patriarchy Won’t Fuck Itself Em twists around in the front seat to film her. The flash her iPhone illuminates Bex. WE ENTER INTO a SNAP CHAT STORY -— (And we see the rest of the day unfold through anyone an everyone who’s snap-chatting with the SALEM GEO-TAG. It should feel as disjointed as it would actually be.) - SNAP: The roar of the crowd as the HOME TEAM wins the g - SNAP: Someone runs behind JOHNNY, 18, star of the footb team, as he takes off his helmet and shakes his sweaty bl hair. He high fives the crowd as they cheer him on. MAYOR BARTLETT stops him, flashes his capped teeth, and says:
5) 12) dialog: What is this an after-school special? Not. A. Fucking. Chance. Dude. 11. The DUDE WALKS OFF. Em is looking at her phone. *
5) 17) dialog: Why do middle aged men who cross dress always have the worst taste in lingerie?
5) 19) dialog: (to Em) * Where did you get this? Where’d you * find this?
5) 32) dialog: (looking at the photo) But on the real, face swap Barlett for Ryan Gosling... Soaked. Lily: [heart eyes emoji] unfffff that made me so wet why every ey tt © 7° 0u??? Daddy: OW Ke ow wet Lily: I’m at a party Lily turns to the girls -
5) 45) text: 14 15 14. Bex starts to dance more seductively with Sarah as she lo eyes with Diamond. *
7) 0) text: Em dances in front of Sarah who lays sprawled out on the couch, rolling a joint. Eric, Mason and others hang aroun
7) 1) text: Sarah lights up the joint. Em crawls on top of her, still dancing, and takes a hit. She looks at Mason and smiles w watches her grinding her hips, transfixed. Sarah looks to Eric and back at Em. Whispers something in her ear and th both start giggling. ee
7) 5) dialog: Open your mouth.
7) 7) dialog: Open. Your. Mouth. He opens his mouth. Sarah rolls on top of him, straddling him. His mouth still open.
7) 8) dialog: Wider. He opens wider. SARAH (CONT’D) If you try to kiss me... I will hurt you. He nods. As Sarah flips the joint around, putting the lit in her mouth. She leans down over Eric and begins to blow steady stream of smoke into his mouth. She takes the joint out of her mouth.
7) 9) dialog: Now, swallow. Eric gulps the smoke into his lungs. He stares at her for long tense beat.
7) 11) dialog: I know. Over to Em, dancing. She gets a text. Mason: You wanna go to my car to chill. Em: Ok They both get up and walk out of the party.
10) 0) text: Sarah sits on the kitchen counter as Grace interrogates h
10) 3) dialog: Not even a question. Of course... Kendrick?
10) 5) dialog: I don’t fuck with late night.
10) 8) dialog: All baby sitters are hot. Reagan wanders in, drunk.
10) 12) dialog: Who says we haven't?
10) 14) dialog: Why is this so hard to understand? It’s 2017, gender is irrelevant. Sarah throws back her drink.
13) 0) text: Lily walks out of the bathroom, as the blue and red light cop cars show up outside. People start to scatter. Em runs inside and finds Lily and Sarah amid the fleeing teenagers. As they head down the steps toward the basement, Diamond passes them, avoiding eye contact. 23 24 25 26 19. As they head into the basement, they find Bex still lying the table, tears streaming down her face. CLOSE: Lily leans over and kisses her tears, sits her up, takes Bex in her arms. EXT. GREENWALD’S - MOMENTS LATER 23 The girls dart through a neighbor’ s yard and out to the street where they find Lily’s car. As they drive off, CAMERA ascends to a BIRDS EYE POV. WE WATCH THE PARTYGOERS DART from the HOUSE like RATS. CUT TO BLACK.
13) 3) text: (The following will be played at 2x it’s normal speed in style of make up tutorials and other YouTube fare...) WE CUT BETWEEN Lily, Bex, Sarah and Em as they’re all separately appl ing their make up - patting foundation on contouring, ding up heavy smokey eyes, winged liner, bold lips a la Lana Del Rey... They try on outfits, discarding tops, skirts, leggings un each respective floor is covered in clothes. WE SHIFT INTO SLOW MOTION, as each one of the girls looks directly INTO THE CAMERA - checking their reflections.
14) 4) dialog: Don't look at me, blame the fuckin’ fifth Kardashian in the back with the 45 minute contour. INT. LILY’S CAR - SAME 27 As they drive to school and listen to music.
14) 9) dialog: I know, right? Is that bad?
14) 11) dialog: Riv-i-ted! Oh my god, and we had just gotten TiVo... Sarah makes the TiVO “BLOOP BLOOP.” Em answers, TiVo “BON
14) 22) dialog: No, no. It’s actually super legit. Yeah, remember in The Deathly Hallows when Bellatrix low-key rapes Hermione? So it’s an AU crossover fem slash rape revenge where Hermione uses Nancy to trial by media that bitch.
14) 23) dialog: It’s fire.
17) 2) dialog: But how do you know Anderson’s there?
18) 6) dialog: (whispering) Em, we’re on live TV. And they cut from Langley’s live report back to the ANCHO
20) 7) dialog: Naaaah.
21) 0) text: CAMERA DROPS DOWN FROM ABOVE to the aquamarine water of t pool, little ripples forming outward, as the girls, float in separate inflatable donuts, enter the frame. Lily is wearing a yellow shirt that says F*CKING SAVAGE, leopard print boy shorts, and heart shaped sunglasses. Em is wearing a white chiffon marabou robe, red evening gloves and kitten heels. Sarah is wearing a red latex bathing suit and matching he boots a la Beyonce’s Lemonade look. Bex is wearing a cep top that says I HAVE NO TITS across chest and a skirted bathing suit bottom.
21) 2) dialog: What? The mayor shooting himself in the face on National TV?
21) 7) dialog: I mean, like kinda - Like I_ saw the main ones. Where he’s in all the heavy makeup and like shaved and like getting fucked in the ass.
21) 10) dialog: No. That was enough for me.
21) 13) dialog: What'd she write back?
21) 29) dialog: Amber alert. SOME GUY, Nance’s boyfriend, comes walking out in swim tr with a beer and wrap around UV sunglasses.
30) 0) text: Em drapes her legs over Bex’s lap as they share a chair i front of Bex’s computer. Sarah leans over them as they lo at the anonymous ask Lily screenshotted. * Em turns to Lily who is lying on the floor of the classro arms and legs splayed out, wearing sunglasses.
30) 3) dialog: You can do that in like two seconds with a free VPN app. *
30) 6) dialog: What about current Johnny Depp? *
30) 9) dialog: What do you have to hide anyway, * Lil? *
30) 11) dialog: Fair enough. Me too. My iPhoto dibrary looks like a fucking snuff iln.
30) 16) dialog: I am kind of bummed though. I was hoping for something juicy.
38) 0) text: WE SEE THE LIGHTED BLUE OF A POOL. The opening notes of D HARRY by GRACE. At_48 fps WE SEE the CRASH OF WATER followed by EM IN A N SWIMSUIT as she descends into the water revealing she’s wearing the EROSTRATUS MASK. And as the bass drops on the song we CUT TO: Lily struts toward CAMERA wearing the EROSTRATUS MASK, an begins to dance. As Em, Bex, Sarah and a GROUP OF TEENS c her on... JUMP CUT TO: Bex does Beyonce’s 7/11 dance in the MASK as everyone roa
41) 0) text: Bex walks over to the couch and lays down across Sarah an Lily’s laps. Sarah is talking to Mark and a few OTHER GUY one in a TANK TOP, one in a SNAP BACK.
41) 6) dialog: Look, I don’t have a problem with orn, I love porn. I just think it’s totally fucked up our whole generation.
41) 8) dialog: - But that’s the problem, you think it taught you how to fuck. It didn’t. This is why like every guy I meet on Tinder wants to choke me on our first date.
41) 10) dialog: Maybe on our tenth date, once I’ma hundred percent certain you’re not a fucking serial killer. SNAP BACK senses his opening -
41) 12) dialog: Just by looking in your eyes, I can tell you don’t know the first thing about eating pussy. He blinks. Bex and Lily burst out laughing.
41) 14) dialog: Tragic. Bex looks Mark dead in the eye.
54) 2) dialog: Just let her be. Em goes over, picks up the phone - there’s a creepy RUSSI VOICE on the other line, snorting and ranting -
54) 6) dialog: Just take it off the hook. Em unplugs the phone.
54) 7) dialog: Have you looked through everything?
54) 9) dialog: It’s bad, Em, it’s really bad. There’s a ton of stuff about you and me in it.
54) 11) dialog: Just like, texts she wrote Aunt Kay. Just really personal stuff.
54) 13) dialog: Stuff about our family... Stuff about my Dad, your Dad. Remember last year when I went to Planned Parenthood? It’s all in there. It’s not like she was talking shit, though, she was just updating Kay. But since then there’s like crazy anti-abortion people tagging me in hotos of dead fetuses for the last hours. First it was 10 people, then a thousand, now eight thousand... it just keeps growing... It’s pictures. Texts. I mean, she’s slept with a lot of people, Em. Like, married people. It’s not good. Right then, they HEAR a blaring CAR HORN as a pair of HIG BEAMS blast through the kitchen windows. And then another set of HIGH BEAMS. Another HORN. The two girls stand there, illuminated by the light, as S grabs a kitchen knife and screams over the horn:
54) 14) dialog: Em! Call the cops! Call the cops! Em goes to plug g the house phone back in - there’s no di tone. Just heavy breathing. A RANDOM VOICE on the other e
54) 16) dialog: (to the cars) We're calling the fucking cops! As Em crouches on the floor:
56) 0) text: Em and Sarah sit on the couch. Richter stands.
56) 7) dialog: Well, it’s obvious they were trying to intimidate us. Sarah stands up. Richter aggressively -
56) 11) dialog: Look, we’re being harassed. Richter looks at the two of them on the couch.
56) 13) dialog: She's my sister.
56) 17) dialog: (hesitantly) My mother married her father when we were really young.
56) 22) dialog: No.
56) 24) dialog: I don’t understand why this matters.
56) 26) dialog: (beat) I don’t know. And I don’t care. Richter turns to Daniels.
56) 28) dialog: Leave her alone.
60) 0) text: The music continues as CAMERA moves from LILY driving to sitting shotgun, her boots on the side view mirror, to EM SARAH sprawled out in the back. It’s silent as they look out at the town around them.
62) 0) text: WE SEE THE GIRLS walking TOWARD US. As they near the CAME they come to a stop. They look down to fin * OFFICER RICHTER sitting at a fold out table, guarding the front of the school, inspecting students’ bags. He looks up at Sarah and Em with a grin. *
62) 4) dialog: Why are you trying to humiliate her? 94 95 75. OFFICER RICHTER approaches Sarah aggressively.
62) 6) dialog: I’m asking a question, Officer. He leans in close, menacingly:
79) 0) text: -- Where laid out on the desk are handguns, ammunition, z ties, a map of the neighborhood. Printed files of data leaks. The picture of Erostratus. He walks over, sits at his desk. Looks straight at US. As reaches behind CAMERA and TURNS OFF HIS DESK LAMP - REVERSE: The darkness reveals the street outside at night and the Lacey house lit up in the distance... And in Em’s window, LILY is laughing. And we realize where we are, and who this man is. NICK picks up one of the handguns, points it straight at and steadies his arm. It’s an impossible shot, or at leas seems like one. As we see Lily turn towards the window, his gun still tra on her... HE PULLS THE TRIGGER. CLICK. The chamber is empty. 95. 117 INT. EM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 117 Lily, Em, Bex, and Sarah lay around Em’s room, half-watch the 1971 version of Straw Dogs.
79) 1) dialog: Someone should remake this movie, but instead of Susan George getting raped, Dustin Hoffman should get raped.
79) 3) dialog: That’s my dream, you can’t steal that from me!
79) 8) dialog: Lil, stop looking at your phone.
79) 13) dialog: That’s who should run for President! As Sarah and Em freak out over this possibility -
79) 20) dialog: That’s what men don’t realize. This whole slut shaming thing literally makes my pussy drier than a motherfucking rice cake. The girls crack up.
79) 21) dialog: No. I’m serious. I’m like so sad I haven’t been able to masturbate. Last night, I looked at my hitatchi... with disdain. They keep laughing... After a beat.
79) 27) dialog: If life was a movie, this would be the obligatory “girl shaves her head” scene.
79) 29) dialog: That’d be so dope.
79) 31) dialog: Totally.
79) 33) dialog: (in_a fuckboy voice) Cause sluts gotta go! They all start laughing. Sarah stops abruptly, sits up.
79) 34) dialog: Wait, what the fuck, did you guys see this? Sarah looks at her phone -
79) 35) dialog: Marty Kolker uploaded this and now it’s like everywhere - She presses play. It’s the video we saw before with Marty talking to CAMERA.
79) 41) dialog: I believe you. Outside, in the street, they hear a car door shut.
81) 5) dialog: What do you mean, it’s still ringing? They’re not answering?
81) 11) dialog: There was only one gunshot. Just keep the gun on him. Suddenly, someone picks up on the phone.
81) 21) dialog: It’s gasoline. They’re going to burn us alive. They’re going to burn us alive. And then the FRONT DOOR LOCK, clicks open.
81) 24) text: The door slowly creeps open. Sarah begins to panic as she looks at Lily.
81) 25) dialog: Lily... no. No. Em and Bex realize what she’s insinuating.
81) 30) dialog: You're not going -
85) 1) dialog: Use the window in Em’s room.
86) 8) dialog: (screaming and crying) It’s burning my feet -
86) 13) dialog: It’s too hot... Sarah starts to slide back into the house. Em starts to w
87) 0) text: Bex, Sarah, and Em run through the streets. They bang on random doors, begging to be let in.
88) 0) text: Em and Sarah take cover behind an SUV. Em winces in pain she reaches behind her shoulder blade, to feel the LONG N that’s lodged in her back.
88) 1) dialog: Here. Don’t move. Sarah tries to grip the nail head with her fingers. She starts to tug it out a little as Em cries in pain. Suddenly, from behind -- A FLASHLIGHT. They turn-- -- the smiling face of OFFICER RICHTER, gun in his hand.
93) 0) text: Em and Sarah are in the backseat. Richter starts the car.
93) 4) dialog: Hey Richter, anybody ever tell you that you have brain of an infant in the body of John Goodman? The both start laughing. Em’s eyes go wide.
93) 13) dialog: I thought you were dead.
93) 17) dialog: I just want to be clear. This isn’t out of vengeance... (she cocks the shotgun) It’s pity. WIDE SHOT. We see headlights of Richter’s car. And the gi in silhouette. A SHOTGUN BLAST lights up the night sky.
94) 0) text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS DOWN FROM the NIGHT SKY to find Lily, and Sarah walking through the streets of Salem, armed to teeth - with machetes, shotguns and handguns.
95) 28) text: The Masked Teammate hears a twig SNAP. He turns as EM SWINGS BACK HER MACHETE and BRINGS IT DOWN HACKING INTO HIS BODY. She lets go of the machete as MASKED TEAMMATE turns to fi himself looking down THE BARREL OF A GUN. Sarah shoots hi point blank. Em pulls the machete out of him and cuts the rope as Bex drops to the ground. One of the OTHER MASKED TEAMMATES pulls out a knife and dunges at Lily. She points the BARREL BETWEEN HIS LEGS an pulls the trigger. He screams and writhes in pain. Johnny stands up from Diamond and points his gun as the G start to surround him.
95) 49) dialog: And you promise to never try to lynch another girl again?
96) 6) dialog: Hard as fuck and sexy as hell.
96) 17) dialog: Yo, fuck that dude!
96) 21) dialog: That's the stupidest fucking name.
97) 0) text: GANGSTA by KAT DAHLIA plays. As CAMERA BOOMS UP on LILY, EM, SARAH and BEX as they wal through the suburban streets of SALEM, carrying their wea and READY FOR WAR. In the windows of the houses they pass WE SEE the faces o YOUNG GIRLS, watching OUR GIRLS head toward the MOB unafr SUDDENLY, a FOURTEEN YEAR OLD GIRL opens her FRONT DOOR a runs across her lawn to join them. And then from the other side of the street, A SIXTEEN YEA OLD GIRL runs out to join. And then a NINETEEN YEAR OLD. Until it feels like every GIRL in SALEM is joining them. And then a TEENAGE BOY. And ANOTHER. And ANOTHER. UNTIL LILY, EM, SARAH and BEX are LEADING THEIR OWN MOB. In the distance they can see the MASKED MOB gathered outs of Lily’s house. They grab each others hands and hold them tightly. As they come face to face with the MASKED MOB, we see standing behind them A MOB of almost equal size.