9) 0) text: The Chinese captain looks back as another fuel DRUM EXPLODES. The stern's engulfed in flame. He yells to the crew (italics indicate Chinese) --
9) 1) dialog: Abandon ship! As people leave their positions to abandon ship --
32) 0) text: Riggs and Murtaugh enter. CAPTAIN MURPHY'S there, staring out into the squad room.
32) 15) text: Captain?
48) 0) text: The two bad guys turn in. Riggs and Butters on their heels. The Captain runs toward Hill St., ahead. The other man breaks off to the left. Butters goes after him. Murtaugh swings in, chicken in XO sauce bouncing out of the basket, follows Riggs and the Captain.
48) 7) text: The Captain streaks PAST us and rounds a corner. Behind him, Murtaugh catches and passes Riggs, not a little surprised to see him on the bike.
49) 0) text: The Captain runs into a glass-walled exterior elevator just as the doors are closing. Murtaugh SKIDS up a beat later. The doors close in his face. Riggs sees this. Spots a flight of stairs. Uses a bench and a moving cart to vault to the first landing, heads for level two. Murtaugh dumps the bike, takes an alternate route using an exterior escalator.
50) 0) text: The Captain looks out the glass back of the elevator and sees Riggs bounding up the stairs behind him. Realizes Riggs will make the top about the same time. Sees the elevator next to his going down. In desperation, pulls his GUN and BLOWS OUT the side WINDOW. Other people in the elevator scream in terror as he climbs out the window and leaps onto the top of the descending elevator. Riggs reacts to this and must now run back down a flight and leap over the railing. In front of him, only yards away, the Captain jumps from the elevator. He lands, losing his gun, then gets up and takes off again with Riggs in pursuit. Murtaugh, meanwhile, seeing what's happened, has reached a landing and now must turn and go down the "up" escalator. Shouts at the people in front of him.
55) 0) text: The Captain races across Hill St. at an angle. He's heading for a narrow alley in mid-block. Anticipating where he's headed, Riggs yells to Murtaugh --
56) 0) text: Chased by Murtaugh, the Captain heads up the alley where we see two old, wooden staircases that rise up from opposing directions and meet at a single landing... Riggs suddenly appears at the alley's far end. (CONTINUED)
57) 0) text: They run across the roofs. Take one or two small jumps ..-. when a "seventeen"-foot span looms ahead. The Captain leaps. Makes the rooftop of the building on the other side. Murtaugh pedals along, watching from below. Screams for Riggs not to do it, but... we know Riggs. He plants. Pushes off. Launches himself through the air... Hits hard on the other side, off-balance. Starts slipping backwards and slides off the edge. Barely catches the ornate corner of the roof and is left hanging there. Murtaugh yells from below --