14) 8) dialog: «+. The ship went aground.
14) 10) dialog: It's missing.
43) 0) text: Looking into the busy, second-floor restaurant through a window. In here, Uncle Benny's the object of Ku's wrath as Fan, Chu, and Yee look on. In Chinese (subtitles) --
96) 0) text: The Hongs wait for whatever's next. Scared and confused... A door opens. Chu steps in. Motions for Hong to come with him. Beat. Hong goes.
97) 0) text: Containing an enormous printing press. Stacks of paper next to it. A number of workers readying the press for operation, loading ink, etc. Hong enters with Chu. ku is there. Standing near an older Chinese man who's bent over a table, meticulously engraving a metal plate. ku taps the man. Indicates Hong. The man turns. Hong's surprised to see who it is. In Chinese (subtitles) -- (CONTINUED)
126) 0) text: Ku and a dozen Triad gangsters, including Fan and Chu, face the PRC General and thirty armed soldiers holding The Four Fathers. All in suspended animation while a PRC egghead operates the scanner. The scan's complete. The egghead signals the bill's good. The General nods to his men to release the Four Fathers... when we hear a CAR HORN HONKING "Shave and a haircut." Everyone turns to see Riggs and Murtaugh driving in. Slowly. Butters, Ng, and Tony following in their car. The soldiers' automatics swinging over onto them... Riggs and Murtaugh stop. Get out. No guns. Nonchalant.
127) 12) text: Riggs and Ku sink to the bottom, still locked in battle, lit by the headlights of a car that Chu has driven off the pier after being shot dead trying to escape... (CONTINUED)
128) 8) text: Murtaugh swims down... Deeper and deeper... and... there, next to Ku's dead body and the ladder, is Riggs... Pinned under the large chunk of concrete and steel. Breath running out. Desperate eyes bugged, pleading with Murtaugh... It's hopeless for Murtaugh to try and shift such an enormous weight. Except that Murtaugh's gonna try. Gets his hands under the concrete. Plants his feet on the bottom of the dry dock. Lifts. Strains. Maxes every fiber in his body. Muscles burning from oxygen debt... until... the mass slowly begins to move ... More and more... And then Riggs is free. Murtaugh hauls his friend up toward the dim moonlight shimmering above them.