31) 0) text: Riggs and Murtaugh enter. Murtaugh's eyes go to the bulletin board, on which we see posted a news photo and headline. The photo's of Murtaugh running in his satin undies, flapping his arms like a bird. The headline reads: "Bird Man Fowls Human Tank." He rips it down, yells to the squad room generally.
36) 0) text: Ku's led in. We're in a temporary quarters of some kind. The occupants are the four men we saw escorted out of the Chinese prison. They're under guard. A PRC GENERAL meets Ku. In Chinese (subtitles) --
36) 1) dialog: Do you have the money?
126) 0) text: Ku and a dozen Triad gangsters, including Fan and Chu, face the PRC General and thirty armed soldiers holding The Four Fathers. All in suspended animation while a PRC egghead operates the scanner. The scan's complete. The egghead signals the bill's good. The General nods to his men to release the Four Fathers... when we hear a CAR HORN HONKING "Shave and a haircut." Everyone turns to see Riggs and Murtaugh driving in. Slowly. Butters, Ng, and Tony following in their car. The soldiers' automatics swinging over onto them... Riggs and Murtaugh stop. Get out. No guns. Nonchalant.
126) 4) dialog: What do you want? Riggs hands over the faceless renminbi.
127) 0) text: Out on a fucked-up, old pier. Ku supporting his father as he looks for an escape... when the father sags, drops to the ground... Ku bends over him. Their eyes meet. They hold the look for a long time... Father and son... And then the father's eyes roll back. A DOOR BANGS OPEN a SHORT DISTANCE AWAY. Riggs and Murtaugh stumble out of the warehouse. See Ku kneeling next to the body. Bowed. His brow touching his father's .-. Ku lifts his head. Sees Riggs and Murtaugh... Ku has nothing left to live for now. Nothing except to kill the two men responsible for his failure, for his father's death... Ku stands. Starts walking toward them. Slowly. Inexorably. Riggs and Murtaugh watch as Ku approaches. They're alone. They're out of bullets. They're shot up, tired, and generally hurting...