30) 2) dialog: Lorna here?
30) 4) dialog: I remember those days. Two Chinese kids chase each other through.
30) 5) dialog: Two more days to get them settled, Roger, and then they're gone... All of them. RIANNE MURTAUGH enters from outside. Nine months pregnant More "hello's." Then, to Rianne -- (CONTINUED)
58) 2) dialog: In the kitchen.
59) 0) text: Murtaugh enters. Finds Trish playing a Chinese game with two of the Chinese women. Other Hongs iron clothes. Still more make dinner. Murtaugh gives Trish a look. (CONTINUED)
59) 3) dialog: They insisted.
59) 5) dialog: Maybe they can stay a little longer than two days. Murtaugh just shakes his head, goes into --
72) 0) text: Murtaugh enters from outside, alone, nonchalant. Trish, Rianne and Lorna are there.
72) 12) dialog: Not the bowl. Murtaugh puts it down, dispatches with a body slam against a wall. Ku just watches from the stairs, eyes glued to Riggs as he fights off his three. Ku seeing what kind of stuff Riggs has, how good he is... until Riggs suddenly has a gun in his hand. About to swing it up... when Ku drops down through the stairwell... He can fly?... In a series of stunning moves, Ku disarms Riggs, and sweeps up the pistol. Pops up with it as Murtaugh pops up with his gun, and Riggs pops up again with his own Beretta. Two guns against one. Beat. Ku surrenders his. Another beat. Relief... And then Ku does something truly amazing. Fast as a bolt of lightning... reaches for Riggs' Beretta and in a single move disassembles it. Riggs is still holding the grip and trigger, but Ku has the entire barrel and slide mechanism. And he's not done... Cracks Murtaugh on the wrist with the slide and disarms him. Next a flying scissors kick. Riggs and Murtaugh hit the floor... It's over.
74) 0) text: They're all outside. Safe. Riggs cutting Lorna free as Murtaugh does the same for Trish and Rianne.
98) 0) text: LAFD's on scene, but there's nothing to do but hose down the smoldering embers as Lorna, Trish, Rianne, Nick, Carrie, and Ping look on... Another cop car drops off Riggs and Murtaugh. Murtaugh just stares at the devasta- tion as he gets out and moves to Trish's side. Lorna looks to Riggs. His expression tells her they failed. Ping's looking at Riggs, too, and can also read his face. Riggs kneels in front of him.
98) 4) dialog: Lotta years. Lotta memories.
98) 19) dialog: Go find 'em, Rog.
112) 0) text: Riggs and Murtaugh enter. A sheriff's DEPUTY watches over Lorna, Ping and Trish.
112) 7) dialog: Lee Butters?