0) 4) text: Jack reaches the top of the stair case and sees a TV flickering in his daughter’s room behind the slightly aja bedroom door. There is giggling behind the door. Confused, he pushes the bedroom door open only to find hi wife, MARCY, sitting Indian style on the floor wearing a mask made out of the skin from Kendra's face. Sitting next to her is KENDRA, whose face is completely skinned off but still fully functioning, playing with her toys. She turns to look back at her father.
0) 5) dialog: Come play Doll House with us daddy. The TV makes a loud noise and a 13 flashes on it. Jack's watch displays a 13:13 on it. Suddenly Marcy screams and lunges at Jack violently. Jack falls back trying to avoid his rabid wife. His watch star beeping.
3) 50) dialog: Nothing.
8) 18) dialog: None of your fuckin’ business. Shocked, Trevor stares at Kendra with his mouth wide open She continues drawing. After a few seconds, Trevor decide respond.
8) 26) dialog: It’s okay. Daddy already told me about you.
8) 28) dialog: He told me not to fucking talk to you. Confused, Trevor responds cautiously.
8) 30) dialog: He said you are a fucking pervert. Trevor is flabbergasted.
8) 32) dialog: He said you like little kids. Trevor is shocked by what he is hearing. He tries to resp but doesn’t know how to.
8) 34) dialog: Don’t think he meant that you like to fuck little kids? Trevor is beside himself, but very nervous.
8) 38) dialog: Well, do you want to fuck me, Trevor? Trevor grinds his teeth. He quickly slaps Kendra in the f She is shocked. He then slaps her again, and again, and again. With each slap he slips deeper and deeper into a violent rage. His hand slowly begins to morph from a slap a fist. Suddenly he realizes what he is doing and he stop
8) 40) dialog: I can play too. She suddenly starts vigorously banging her head into the center of the target on the concrete. Shocked, Trevor tri to stop her.
8) 61) dialog: No! Joe puts his hand over Kendra’s mouth. Quentin starts bac up his car slowly.