12) 13) dialog: My eyes!
15) 2) dialog: I know you’re in here!
15) 3) dialog: We know you are in here, man! We saw you come in. (CONTINUED )
15) 6) dialog: Yeah! Candace starts hitting the clickers on all the cars. Alar go off above them, but nothing on the same level as them. crazy people that are chasing them stop. They are confuse the car sounds going off.
15) 7) dialog: Come on out! We only want to talk to you!
15) 8) dialog: Yeah! We just want to have a god damn conversation with you! Jack motions to Candace to hit more car key buttons to ma more cars make noises. The three crazy people keep walkin
15) 9) dialog: Look. I don’t understand why you keep running from us. We just want to help you.
15) 10) dialog: We only want to help.
15) 11) dialog: Yeah... Only want to help! Candace hits another car clicker. This time it goes off o the car she is hiding behind. Jack shakes his head. One of the crazy people looks at th close by car. Candace quickly lies on her belly. The crazy person walks over towards that car.
15) 12) dialog: Look. Is it a fair fight you want? Jack is intently staring at the crazy slowly approaching Candace.
15) 13) dialog: Look, I promise that If you come out and fight me, my friends wont join in. Right boys?
15) 14) dialog: That’s right. (CONTINUED )
15) 17) dialog: You betcha. They hold for a long silence. Staircase crazy continues t slowly move towards Candace’s position. Candace rolls herself underneath the car as much as she c She puts her hand over her mouth so she can’t be heard at all.
15) 18) dialog: What? My fucking word isn’t good enough for you? Am I not trustworthy? Staircase Crazy #3 gets to the car Candace is hiding at. stands there for a brief moment and then swings down and grabs Candace.
15) 19) dialog: Peek a boo! Candace screams.
15) 20) dialog: I got the woman! The two crazies start laughing. Jack is trying to devise sort of plan as he surveys the situation.
15) 21) dialog: We even have your fucking woman! Now you have to come out! Jack is about to move out from behind the car. Staircase Crazy number #3 is dragging Candace as she screams.
15) 22) dialog: Still can’t entice you? He holds for Jack to respond.
15) 23) dialog: Look... I’ll make it fair then. I‘ll give you a guaranteed two on two. Staircase Crazy #2 pulls out a knife from his pocket. He Staircase Crazy #4 and rams the knife repeatedly into his body. Staircase Crazy #4 falls backwards on to the ground dead. Staircase Crazy #2 starts looking for Jack again. (CONTINUED )
15) 26) dialog: See! I kill my own friends! I'ma man of my word! Staircase Crazy #2 starts laughing. Candace screams. Staircase
15) 28) dialog: Bastard? Bastard? Bastard! Pass me the girl.
15) 29) dialog: No. This bitch is mine.
15) 30) dialog: Pass me the fucking bitch or I will kill you! Crazy #2 pulls a knife on Staircase Crazy #3 and motions with the knife for him to throw Candace over to h Staircase Crazy #3 pauses for a second. Jack watches this with his knife grasped tightly in his hand. Staircase Cra #3 throws Staircase throat. Staircase Staircase Staircase Candace at Staircase Crazy #2.
15) 31) dialog: Fine! Take the bitch. I don’t even want her. Crazy #2 grabs Candace and puts a knife up to her
15) 33) dialog: Yeah, Jack. Help her! Crazy #3 starts laughing.
15) 34) dialog: What the fuck are you laughing at? Crazy #3 walks towards him.
15) 35) dialog: Nothing. Just what you said was funny. (CONTINUED )
15) 38) dialog: Can you wait right here for a second, darlin’? Candace looks at him.
15) 39) dialog: I’ll take that as a yes! Staircase Crazy #2 lets go of Candace and walks over to Staircase Crazy #3. Jack emerges from behind the car and starts walking towar Candace. Candace notices him and starts inching towards h Staircase Crazy #2 is fixated on Staircase Crazy #3. Staircase Crazy #3 notices Jack moving towards Candace. H about to say something and takes a step forward towards Staircase Crazy #2. Staircase Crazy #2 stabs Staircase Crazy #3 repeatedly in chest and then in the head before he is able to tell him Jack is getting Candace.
15) 40) dialog: Don’t you ever invade my personal space again! Staircase Crazy #2 keeps stabbing Staircase Crazy #3. Jack slowly approaches him knife at the ready. Jack sneak behind Staircase Crazy #2 while he is stabbing Staircase Crazy #3. Jack throws his arm holding the knife around the neck of Staircase Crazy #2 and cuts, slicing open his neck. Blood oozes out. Jack backs up. Staircase Crazy #2 grabs throat trying to stop the bleeding but is unsuccessful. H spins around and reaches out with a bloody hand towards J before collapsing face first onto the ground dead. Jack grabs the knife of Staircase Crazy #2 and puts it in pocket.