5) 0) text: Fen-.sick's 7R3 speeds by. Diane is in the car. Fenwick is telling her scnething and she laughs Boogie and MODE; t, follow. Behind them, Shrevie and his wife BETh follow in a 1950 Hudson Hornet. Fenwick floors his car and disappears around a bend. The other cars do not keep pace'.
6) 1) dialog: Elyse feels that Eddie is getting very sensitive about the wedding.
6) 9) dialog: She thinks that since he never talked it over with Billy beforehand, it kind of bothers him even more.
6) 11) dialog: I didn't hear about it. Thought he was just coming in for the wedding day.
6) 13) dialog: Elyse's mother is very upset with Eddie. They picked out a yellow and white motif for the wedding. You know, like we did, tablecloth, napkins, maids-,of-honor. Anyway, Eddie objected. He wanted blue and white because that's The Colts' colors. Refused to give in.
16) 0) text: Tlhere is a lot of milling around in frcnt of the cheater The marquee reads : Troy Donahue and Sandra Dee in "Su--: Place." INT. CREST TT-iEATER - NIGiT Shrevie stands in the lobby with his wife, Beth, an attra tive girl. Eddie and Fenwick enter and walk over to Shrev
16) 3) dialog: Eddie, where's Elyse?
16) 18) dialog: With 3oogie.
16) 21) dialog: In surprised she's with h--m. - fro= what I've heard about her, Boogie wouldn't seen her type. Eddie is as;azed at hcw beau, ciВ±u1 Carol looks.
16) 30) text: Cowin'? Eddie nods and they start inside. After a beat, S:revie - - and Beth start in. SHREVIE
16) 34) text: a:U'rt.. i :.. - Boogie and Carol sit watching-the screen. The box of pop- --- co -ZAsutg in-his aa? Boag a ??ze -keep ==?.y.king-?a at Carol, then his hand slowly moves down to his fly and he quietly unzips it. ANGLE TO INCLUDE FENWI C&lt; looking over from his vantage point three seats away. Boogie squirs around ever-,so-slightly and then places the box of popcorn back on his lap. Evidently he has stuck his penis into the bottom of the popcorn box. Fen- wick nudgesEddie and then whispers some thing.into his ea Eddie smiles. Carol's hand dips into the popcorn box on Boogie's lap an takes out a handful of popcorn. Shrevie, seated in the back, is restless, wondering what iz happening. Beth is mesr-arized by Troy Donahua. Billy sits on an aisle, =aware of the quiet intrigue that is . taking place. - ?.. Carol's hand again reaches into the box and takes out a few kernels. Boogie's eyes glance toward Fenwick. Fenwick shakes his. head and mouths "Bet's off. Not fair." Boogie nods "Yes. Troy and Sandra walk the beach. The romantic score swells The yotzia- audience is caught up in this screen love aff Carol reaches into the- popcorn box once again. Suddenly she screaws. She bolts up from her seat and races up the aisle. The audience iq alive with chatter, war, wondering has happened. Boogie turns to Fenwick and smiles. Then he heads ue the aisle after Carol. BETH
18) 0) text: Shrevi? and Beth exit the theater.
18) 11) text: See you guys at the diner. Bring some tens. Boogie cockily walks on-with-his arm around her waist'. BETH
18) 17) text: We're even. He turns and moves away.--- -Eddie, Fenwick, and Shrevie to catch up with Billy. Beth trails along. EDDIE
18) 21) text: Outstanding! See you guys later. Come on, Beth. BETH
18) 25) text: It was the 11th... no 10th grade. Billy was playing ball against one of the high school fraternities. I think they were ULP. Billy came sliding into second base-to break up a double play. - The second baseman s Billy, thinking he was out to hurt"hJm Billy punches the guy and the whole ULP team -j=-?.d him. r Beat the shit out of him. They approach the Hudson. Shrevie goes around to the driv side and opens the door and ge:S inside. He then opens th door for Beth to get in.
20) 7) text: To be honest, I dcn't kncw. You kncw. . How can you not know? It's not like you're trying to figure out the difference between Pepsi. Cola and Rcyal Crown, for Chris' s.tke . S FR-t viE Beth is te -ific and everything, but I don't know. Eddie locks off, not happy with the answer. (CONTINUED)    
20) 10) text: You know the big part of the problem? when we were dd4i ng we spent mo_s t of our ti=e talking about sex. Whv couldn't I do it? where coule we do it? Were her parents going to be out so we could do it. Talking about being alcne for a weekend. A whole night. You know. Everything was T talking about gettin' sex or planning our wedding. Then when you're m::r:ied. It's crazy. You can have it whenever you want. You wake u She's there. p. You come home from work. She's there. Sc, all the sex-planning talk is over. And the wedding-planning talk. We can sit up here and bullshit the night away, but I can't hav. a five minute conversation with Beth. But, I'm not putting the blame on her. -We've just got nothing to talk about. Eddie lights a Fall Mall. EDDIE
30) 10) text: Beth! Betht Beth is in another room.
30) 14) text: Beth sticks her head in from the other room. BETH
30) 16) text: Have you been playing my records? BETH
30) 18) text: Didn`t I tell you the -procedure? BETH (CBVIOUSLY HAVING
30) 20) text: (like a teacher to a student) And what else? BETH
30) 23) text: And what else? BETH
30) 27) text: Is it too much to keep records in a category? R and B, with R and B. Rock and roll with Rock and roll, You wouldn't put Charlie ga: ktr with rock and rill, would you? Beth says nothing. SI:REVIE (CONTINUING)
30) 28) text: Would you?!!! BETH
30) 29) text: I don't know! Who's Charlie Parker? Shrevie almost goes out of his mind. SriREJI., Jaz,!!!! Jazz!!!! Ja??it! ! ! ! i+ T H What are you getting so crazy about. It's only Music. It's not chat big a deal. - S'r'.FE VI It - -s! Don't you understand that!!? It's important to me! They stare at one another. Shreve trying to control his temper. Beth's eyes become watery. Holding back tears. BETH
30) 33) text: Pick a record! Beth moves over to the record rack and pulls out a recoil She holds on to it, not sure what Shrevie wants. SHREVIE (CANTINU-NG)
30) 36) text: Ask me what's on the flip side? BETH
30) 38) text: Ask me what's on the flip side. BETH
30) 40) text: Bird Dog. 1951. You don't ask me things like that. Do you? Never! BETH L??
30) 44) text: Dcn't ever touch these again. Ever. He starts cut of the room. He turns back to Beth. (CC 7IN ED)    
30) 49) text: Shrevie here? BETH
30) 53) text: What's wrong, babe? BETH
30) 58) text: (stroking her hair) Go on, cry. Just - cry, babe. They stand in the doorway. Beth. crying uncontrollably. .Boogie holding. her. Comforting her. CUT TO:
32) 0) text: Shrevie drives along, still coming down from his fight wi Beth. As he moves alozig we see St. Agnes an the right up ahead. The Nativity display cannot be seen clearly. We MOVE CLOSER. CLOSER.. Shrevie notices something unusual. Out of curiosity he paya clcser attention. We see the Nativity scene more clearly now. Everything is zhe same except F enw-ick has replaced the Baby Jesus. - Iles there next to the figure of Mary in his jockey short Because of the scale ofrthe display, Fer.wick locks like an enormous baby. Shreve slams on his brakes and pulls over to the curb. He quickly gets out c16 the Hudson and walks uo the slope toward the manger.
33) 31) text: Whenever you're ready. Boogie notices Beth enter the store. She looks around, then approaches Boogie. BETH
33) 33) text: (with a hairpin in his mouth) Beth. (CO.1TIN ) R     CONTINUED BETH
33) 35) text: He'll be back. He went down the street for some donuts and coffee. What's up? He puts the last curler in place. BETH
33) 36) text: Well, you know, we're all getting our hair done for the wedding. Boogie leads the Woman toward the hair dryers. Beth follo BETH (CONTINUING)
33) 38) text: (to the Woman) Here's the Saturday Evening Post. (TO -BETH)
35) 2) text: So-o h: ",,s- up -bra - He's in deep trouble. He looks across the room at Beth who sits in a chair reading a magazine. He watches her. Thoughts race across his .ind. He walks over to her and sirs down. BOOC:E (CONTINUING)
35) 3) text: Feeling better today? BETH
35) 5) text: Felt like old times, you kZow. Standing Li, the doorway. (a small laugh) Like I was dating you main. BETH
35) 7) text: Sure I did. BETH
35) 9) text: Of curse, Beth. There were plenty of girls for that, you know, if a guy wanted a pop. But I got to tell you, you were real good. was ? BCOGIZ
35) 10) text: Believe me. BETH
35) 17) text: Shrevie going over to Eddie's for Elyse's football test? BETH
38) 0) text: He sits in the car and waits. Beth comes out of the house and dc--m the walk. She gets in the, car-and s la:.s the shut. She is excited. She leans over and kisses Bccgia on the cheek. BETH
38) 5) text: Case someone sees us. 'They might .think you're Carol Heathrow, or somebody like that. She slips the wig on her head and straightens it out, BETH
41) 0) text: Boogie is uncomfortable. Knowing what he is about to do is wrong. Beth is silent. - CUT TO: F
41) 5) text: EXT . r EN'WI C:X' S APARTMENT - NIGHT Boogie and Beth are walking toward the apar O_r.: buildin BOOGIE
41) 6) text: You've got to be real quiet inside. No talking. BETH
41) 9) text: Let's go. He takes her by the a= and leads her away. Beth is ccn- fused. BOOGIE (CONTINUING)
41) 10) text: It's a mistake, Beth. Bet or no --BET- BETH
41) 11) text: What? They approach the car. Bocgie opens the door. Beth gets inside. BE'? :-i (CONTINUING)
42) 0) text: Boogie is very urser, with hi=self. Beth is calm. SHE HOLDS
42) 1) text: the blonde wi'g in tier lap. BETH
42) 3) text: That's right. Sick thing to do. I'm real sorry. They drive i.^. silence. Beth plays with the blonde hairs of the wig. BET:
42) 5) text: For what? BETH
43) 0) text: Bowie's car is culled over. -Beth's door is openand she stands on the curb talking to Boogie inside the car. BETH
43) 2) text: Take care, babe. Beth closes the door: Boogie drives his Desoto away. Btth watches him as he disappears down the street. CUT TO:
47) 2) text: Colt Marching Song. Sounds good, huh? The ushers come for4ar3. Boogie and Fenwick, followed by Shrevie, who walks alone. They are all smartly dressed in black tuxedos. The bridesmaids come forward. Beth and another girl. Fol- lowed by tao more girls. Followed by two more girls. Billy and Eddie start down- the aisle. Behind them is Eddie's Mother and Father. They walk on either side of his grandmother. The COLT ING SONG CONTINUES ON. Eddie sees someone sitting one seat in from the aisle. He whispers to Billy. BILLY