1) 0) text: FENWICK walks along the dimly lit basement. Heavy wiatei coats hang from hooks on the wall. In the b.g., there is constant traffic of pecple coming and going from the rest rooms. From above we hear the MUFFLED SOtJV OF THE ROCK AND ROLL BAND. Fenwick is in his early 20s and dressed in the "JOE COLLEGE." style of the late fifties. Sports jacket, butto down shirt, chino pants, and Bass weejuns. We sense that he is a little lost in himself, confused. He looks out one of the windows that views the parking lot. Then without any outward anger, he punches his fist through a window pane. Seconds later he breaks another window with his fist. Fenwick, picking up the music beat from above, struts to the sound as he approaches another bank of windows. He calmly breaks another window pane with. his fist. A GUY coming out of the bathroom in the b.g . sees Fenwic actions and then heads up the steps.
9) 0) text: A moveable stairway is put in place. Seconds later the hatch opens: Passengers depart, walking down the steps in the cold night air. BILLY HALPERT steps forward into the doorway. Billy, in his early 20s a:_d wears the typical button-down shirt, crew neck sweater, chino pants and the Bass weejuns. He starts down the steps and heads toward the terminal. As he enters:
16) 14) dialog: (s,.arting into the
22) 0) text: -Earl-;''.ale t- sits i? a th ? cn His r.;I taking about one whole side. He finishes off one section of a club sandwich and very politely wipes his mouth with a napkin. Before him' then a are five deluxe sandwiches waiting for his hungry mouth. He the financial page and picks up another sandwich. Eddie, Billy and Modell are turned around in their booth watching Maget. Boogie; Fenwick, and Shrevie are dis- cussing the pecker in the popcorn bet. EDDIE (WATCHING EARL)
22) 11) text: Earl! That include the Fried Chicken dinner?- EARL
22) 16) text: He ate eighty White Tower hamburgers? EDDIE. Oh yeah, you didn't know? Thanksgiving night. Eighty-six he ate. Saw him later and said, 'Earl, your goal was eighty. Why eighty-sic?' He looked at me and said, 'I got hungry.' Billy laughs, MO DELL
27) 16) text: Is that why you came back a few dayz. early? To ask? BILLY
32) 0) text: Shrevie drives along, still coming down from his fight wi Beth. As he moves alozig we see St. Agnes an the right up ahead. The Nativity display cannot be seen clearly. We MOVE CLOSER. CLOSER.. Shrevie notices something unusual. Out of curiosity he paya clcser attention. We see the Nativity scene more clearly now. Everything is zhe same except F enw-ick has replaced the Baby Jesus. - Iles there next to the figure of Mary in his jockey short Because of the scale ofrthe display, Fer.wick locks like an enormous baby. Shreve slams on his brakes and pulls over to the curb. He quickly gets out c16 the Hudson and walks uo the slope toward the manger.