1) 0) text: FENWICK walks along the dimly lit basement. Heavy wiatei coats hang from hooks on the wall. In the b.g., there is constant traffic of pecple coming and going from the rest rooms. From above we hear the MUFFLED SOtJV OF THE ROCK AND ROLL BAND. Fenwick is in his early 20s and dressed in the "JOE COLLEGE." style of the late fifties. Sports jacket, butto down shirt, chino pants, and Bass weejuns. We sense that he is a little lost in himself, confused. He looks out one of the windows that views the parking lot. Then without any outward anger, he punches his fist through a window pane. Seconds later he breaks another window with his fist. Fenwick, picking up the music beat from above, struts to the sound as he approaches another bank of windows. He calmly breaks another window pane with. his fist. A GUY coming out of the bathroom in the b.g . sees Fenwic actions and then heads up the steps.
7) 11) dialog: The crotch looks too short. Don't ca--e for that.
7) 13) dialog: You sure are hot shi . since you've taken over your father's business here. He throws the pants back and walks away,
12) 0) text: Billy lies cn the bed in his shorts, sroking a cigaret,Ce C tiA SLOWLY PANS the room. An upright piano is in a corner. Then we see magazine pictures of variou s base- ball stars tacked on the wall. C.A..`-'ERA PANS to pe nna of the Baltimore Orioles and the -Baltimore Colts. CAВЂ A DRIFTS over to centerfold girls of Playboy. Then w e see a photograph of Billy and a bunch of the guys le anin against a railing in Atlantic City taken during the h igh school years.
13) 35) text: Boogie and the guys picked me up at the airport- Eddie takes a drag on his cigarette and puts it on the toilet seat. Then he squirts some toothpaste on the tooth brush.
15) 58) dialog: Eddie, you taking any of Boogie's action?
16) 27) text: Saw him put a grip on a guy at the diner. Gripped him right through his corduroy jacket. Made him stand on tip-toes.- S'r'_P'.EVIE Where's Billy?' EDDIE
16) 28) text: Cowin' with that Barbara Keller chick, I think. Bccgie gets a large box of popcorn and a Coke and starts into the theater with Carol. Just before he enters he gives a smile to the guys.
16) 33) text: I'm tired of sittin' down close with the guys and all. Just as they go into the theater, Bill., enters alone. I    
18) 6) text: Ever hear of a guy named Troy? FEN ICX (SARCASTICALLY)
18) 11) text: See you guys at the diner. Bring some tens. Boogie cockily walks on-with-his arm around her waist'. BETH
18) 15) text: I'd give up your life if I could have her. Billy exits the theater and starts toward the crowd. Out of the corner of his eye, he spots someone exiting throug ( 1 ' another door. He watches the guy for a beat, then q moves toward him. He taps the guy on the shoulder. As the guy tins, Billy punches him in the face. The guy goes down. -A crowd quickly- forms. Confusion takes over as everyone moves to see what has happened.- Shrevie, Fenwick, and Eddie move in for a better lock. I
18) 21) text: Outstanding! See you guys later. Come on, Beth. BETH
18) 25) text: It was the 11th... no 10th grade. Billy was playing ball against one of the high school fraternities. I think they were ULP. Billy came sliding into second base-to break up a double play. - The second baseman s Billy, thinking he was out to hurt"hJm Billy punches the guy and the whole ULP team -j=-?.d him. r Beat the shit out of him. They approach the Hudson. Shrevie goes around to the driv side and opens the door and ge:S inside. He then opens th door for Beth to get in.
18) 30) text: .." or seven. No, eight. There's one guy left. - CUT TO:
21) 10) text: To be honest, I was. But not now. I like. a guy who stands up to the Gripper. I like that, Jim. - - - ---В• .FE`TWiCK - - You're not going to grip me? GR_''PER
21) 15) text: Let's go-see the guys. The scan who stood up to the Gripper. CCGNTINL D)     CCNTINLED :
21) 18) text: Oh no, grip. Grippes puts a little more pressure on and Fenwick is up on his toes. The guys cheer Gripper. GRIPPER
21) 19) text: Jim, never doubt the Gripper. When I say I want to shake your hand, believe what I say. Never doubt, Jim. r ;TW`rC? Never doubt. Right. The Gripper turns Fer.wick around and leads him away from the guys back to the other side of the street. Fenwick up on his toes. The guys are eating it up. Then they head back to the guys. C.41'E PANS to Boogie's ca_ as it pulls into the parking lot or. the left side of the building. He starts to pass Bagel who is about to drive out. Bagel BEEPS HIS HORN and rolls down the window. Bcogie.ralls his down. BAGEL
22) 25) text: Fifty bucks a guy. EDD;E
22) 28) text: The guys all take the bet e:cepc Billy. BOOGIE (CONTINUING)
22) 40) text: We're talking the championship game. Quarter to. Shrevie nods. The guys all exchange "See ya's," get in their cars and drive off. The diner parking lot is now empty except for Fenwick's Triumph. CUT TO:
28) 19) text: Cops. Wait a record. Shrevie ties to untangle Boogie's a=. FE.? ' ICs Too lace. __--- Shreve stares at Bccgie a beat, t en. _aaliz_s he'. Very good. Very good. The scoreboard clock ticks down. The crowd counts down the seconds. "5 .. 4. 3 . 2 . 1. " FAM4DLMOJILT,.1. The guys go crazy, grabbing and hugging one another. Some of the crowd starts to swarm onto the field. The guys follow. (CONTINUED)     CONTIMT1 D :
28) 20) text: T e_ late a`tet-soon sun Ii as dropped be-Low -the `t end lights.are on. A gray-golden haze envelops the field. Fans are trying to tear down: the goal post. Billy, Eddie Shrevie, Boogie and Fenwick, hang from the goal post sing ing the Baltimore Colt fight song. There may be happier days ahead for the guys but this one will be hard to beat The goal post finally comes apart and the guys fall to the ground in a heap laughing happily. CUT TO:
29) 1) text: Yeah, Ma, I know I owe two thousand dollars. Guess what? I heard it before you. What an I going to do? I'm choice. Got to find a way to pay it off. Me? I've got fifty-s ix dollars t. my name. Yes, I know I'm in trouble. Then they `ll kill me.__ 'What can -I -- - tell you? No, not tonight. No dinner. I know what you're :laving. It's Sunday. Take-out Chinese. I'm a mind reader. All right, I'm a wise guy. Fenwick did not corrip t me. I cc=zap t ed hi Or we go t outside help.
30) 7) text: I appreciate that, Fen. I know hoВ°.r you guys feel about one another. Ferwick waves him off. He doesn't like any fcr of praise. Boogie starts for the door. BOOGIE (CONTINUING)
32) 5) text: Come on!! The guys quickly get u EDDIE
32) 19) text: Yeah, come on. - The guys prod him on. Fenwick will have none of it. Billy reaches down to help Fer:wick up. Fenwick pushes hi= awaВ•-. FENWI CK NOT
32) 20) text: Eddie and Shrevie try to help out. Fenwick struggles with them. He grabs hold of a wise man. 3illy tries to pull him off it. The wise man topples over. The guys co itimue to struggle with him. Billy is knocked b.ckward and part ,of the s t=uctur-e rails down. - CL-' T0:
33) 0) text: h T e guys are still struggl ing with Fenwick. Everything is a mess. They hear the SIREN and the activity quickly comes to a halt. As the police apprcac:h-, the guys stand very still. rhe three guys are standing side by side. Ferur_ck is i= the hay. In an odd way it looks like a new version of the Nativity. EDDIE
33) 3) text: IiTr. LOCK-UP - NI(= r enrrick is in a call alone. Eddie and Shrev__ are in th calm moo-him- Billy ZS l?acrosssfro ?h - locked up with another guy. The lights are low. Fenwick and Shrevie are asleep. Billy and Eddie stand by the bars talking to one another. EDDIE
33) 14) text: 4 That's your problem. Billy pushes the guy away, from h; again. B ILLY
33) 15) text: Listen, find somewhere else to stand, buddy. GUY
33) 17) text: You heard him, back off. The guy grabs at Billy. Billy pushes h iLm off. GUY
33) 19) text: Back off him, sa:uck! GUY (TO BILLY)
33) 21) text: You want to fight? That what you want? Cane on. Come on, you son- of-a-bitch,. I'll hit you so hard I'll kill your whole ` _ amil ;r. Billy stands there waiting. The guy doesn't know what to make of this threat. He could be dealing with a real tough kid. He looks at Billy, unsure wheth.:r to tes` hi^ Billy stands ready. Eddie watches. After a few seconds the guy sits down or. the cot. Billy sneaks Eddie a look and smiles. T    
33) 40) text: You're not working t at day, are you? A stocky set GUY, enters the salon. Bccgie notices. BOOGIE
33) 41) text: No. So, I guess he's got scWet hi.ng arranged; - - - - i::= Guy motions for Beo,gie to come over. BOOGIE (CONTINUING)
33) 42) text: He'll be back. Wait around. Bcogie walks to the front of the store where the Guy wait (CON TIN B)    
35) 9) text: Of curse, Beth. There were plenty of girls for that, you know, if a guy wanted a pop. But I got to tell you, you were real good. was ? BCOGIZ
37) 47) text: A real scrapper! Tough question and she pulls it out of a hat. The other guys don't share his excitement. BILLY (CONTINUING)
37) 48) text: Come on, guys. Green and gray. Any of ycu guys know that? Cone on. -Give her credit. n T I I9 We hear EDDIE'S. VOICE. The guys quickly "shhhs doom. SHRE IZ
42) 8) text: I'm not real good at talking to girls when there's problems and all. With me, if I have a hassle with a girl, I just split. But you guys should try something. -It would be worth it. CUT TO:    
43) 23) text: Next time I saw the guys they said, 'Did you cop a feel?' I said, 'Yeah.' 'How was it?' 'Great.' Eddie laughs and Billy joins in. CJ1 TO:
43) 29) text: Hand's dealt. Might as well play the cards. The guys hang behind? Boogie continufts on. Inside the diner we see Tank moving along the aisle toward the door, Boogie heads for the door. Just as he reaches it, Tank steps outside. - TANK
44) 21) text: Come on, guyst Pick up the beat! They don't respond. Eddie sits at the bar amused. Billy claps his hands to a strong rhythm, but of course, the guys pay no attention. Billy goes up on the stage and pulls a cover off a small piano in the corner. He sits down and runs his fingers down the keyboard, then starts to play. It bas a nice, pleasant sound to it. The dr er and the saxophonist stop, not knowing what to do. The Stripper also stops. The club bouncer at the front door turns toward the stage notices something is wrong and makes his way forward. Billy's "piano playing becomes more intense. Stronger. He drives the keys hard. Full tilt rock ane roll. The sound becomes infectious. The sailors and other customers pick up the beat. One after another they start to pound the tables with the wooden mallets. Eddie moves toward the stage banging empty beer battles together . The saxophonist joins Billy. Then the dry--?e,. The Stripper stands by the side of the stage watching. The music builds. Billy's fingers pound the piano. Eddie jL ps up on the stage and starts dancing around. He grabs the Stripper and they jitterbug. The sailors and other customers are cn their feet, bangin .the mallets Cr. the tables for all they are worth. A roo full of dr-=..e,s. The Lemon heightens. Billy kicks back the stool a la Jerry Lee Lewis. The crow cheers. The bouncer cheers along. The saxophonist struts the stage playing his heart out. The dr'er drives the bass dr.:.m with his foot. His hands sweep back and forth across the skins. Eddie's feet are flying. Enthusiasm over grace. The Scrip per is a whirlwind of motion and sexuality. The tempo is fierce. (COVTI:TLZJ) F     C0NTTNLED:
45) 9) text: You guys have made my night. You should come dewy, and hang out more often. EDDIE