6) 25) dialog: (-,?eac ting to the sight of Fenwick's
6) 55) dialog: Have you tried? You haven't tried.
7) 25) dialog: That's true. There's hardly any blues in movies. Just sidekicks.
7) 29) dialog: Who do you make-out to? Sinatra or Mathis?
7) 69) dialog: I'm down for fifty.
7) 92) dialog: Me, too.
21) 0) text: Fenwick pulls over to the curb across the street from the diner. He exits the car. Eddie, Shrevie, Modell, and a group of others are all hanging out. A VOICE calls Cu:, A so. t, but yerz authoritative voice. VOICE
22) 0) text: -Earl-;''.ale t- sits i? a th ? cn His r.;I taking about one whole side. He finishes off one section of a club sandwich and very politely wipes his mouth with a napkin. Before him' then a are five deluxe sandwiches waiting for his hungry mouth. He the financial page and picks up another sandwich. Eddie, Billy and Modell are turned around in their booth watching Maget. Boogie; Fenwick, and Shrevie are dis- cussing the pecker in the popcorn bet. EDDIE (WATCHING EARL)
22) 1) text: Where's he-now? MODELL (LOOKING OVER THE MENU)
22) 4) text: The whole left side of the menu. What.a triumph if he pulls it off. Modell starts counting the sandwiches on the left' side of the menu. We catch snatches of Boogie, Fenwick, and Shr ev=e argu inz FEN IC:{
22) 7) text: Lis ten to this . Modell looks up from the menu. MODELL
30) 46) text: I first met you at Modell's sister's high school graduation party.- 1955. .'Ain't That a Shame' was playing as I walked in the door. He exits and slams the door shut. CUT TO:
37) 9) text: ----How's she doing? S}iPEJiE (O.S.) Elyse has about a 72 so far, but she's hitting a bad streak. Eddie's Father comes down the steps. We see Shrevie, Fen- wick, Modell, and Billy gathered. The basemen has a bar with neon lights around it, so as to set it off as a show piece in the room. The walls are knotty pine. - (CJa;1: tJED) T     T CCNTTNUED :
37) 36) text: Vessels. Out of Oklahoma. MODELL
37) 41) text: Woo. A ball buster. MODELL
47) 0) text: The "Wedding Rcom" has been elaborately decorated. Potted blue and white flowers in stands line the aisle to the bl and white flower-d altar. The room is a festival of blue. and white. The guests sit in fold;.ng chairs eagerly waiting for, th wedding procession to begin. The MUSIC BEGINS. However, it is not the traditional wedding math but rather the Baltimore Colts'Fight Song. Even though the organist has softened it, there is still _a _"rah-rah" quality to it. The flower girl comes down t aisle throwing white flowers on the blue aisle. Modell with his GIRLFRIEND. GIRL RIEND