2) 0) text: Harry comes blinking out the cupboard door, watches his enormous cousin, DUDLEY, thunder down the last step. Just then, Harry's Aunt Petunia appears in the kitchen ahead.
2) 1) dialog: There’s the birthday boy! Don’t you look smart.for your trip to the zoo. (scowling at Harry) You mind the bacon. And don’t dare let it burn. I want everything perfect on my Dimplin‘’s special. day.
3) 10) dialog: You just mind that bacon!
3) 15) dialog: Bad news. Mrs. Figgs’ broken her leg. She can’t take him. UNCLE VERNON — We could phone Yvonne.
3) 16) dialog: Don’t be silly. She hates the boy.
3) 22) dialog: As many as you want, sweetums. As Aunt Petunia cuddles him, Dudley shoots Harry a nasty through the gap in his mother’s arms.
6) 0) text: Dudley parades about the kitchen in knickerbockers, tailc and straw boater, tapping the floor with a KNOBBLY STICK, while a teary Aunt Petunia snaps a photo with a FLASH CAM
6) 1) dialog: Oh, Vernon, look at him. To think in only a week he’ll be off to Smeltings. IEEE eS Shooting Draft White 11/09/00 .S.
6) 6) dialog: You! Go to Smeltings? Don’t be stupid: You'll go to state school, where you belong. That there’ 11 be yours, once I’m done dying it. Harry glances at a tub of grey mud boiling on the stove.
6) 8) dialog: Fit you fine enough. Now fetch the post.
8) 3) dialog: Vernon. Look at the address. How could they possibly know where he sleeps? You don’t think they’re watching the house?
8) 5) dialog: But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back. Tell them we don’t want-- UNCLE VERNON . i No. We'll ignore it. If they don’t get an answer...Yes, that’s best...I’11 burn it.
13) 0) text: Dudley lies on the floor, destroying another birthday toy Aunt Petunia carefully sets a cup of coffee by Uncle Vern who sits in an armchair, smiling strangely.
15) 0) text: Uncle Verrion and Aunt Petunia sleep on a lumpy bed in th hut’s only bedroom. Dudley SNORES on.a moth~eaten sofa. H lies on the bare floor beneath a ragged blanket. LIGHTNIN FLASHES. As the room goes dark again, Harry studies the “ Lighted dial of Budley’s watch. As it ticks toward midn Harry puts the last touches to a BIRTHDAY CAKE he’s etche the dust that layers the floor.
15) 37) dialog: just as abnormal. And then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you--