31) 0) text: Harry exits the crush of the aisle, enters an empty compartment. Very much alone, he sits, peers out the wind as Percy Weasley strides forth in billowing BLACK ROBES.
31) 1) dialog: Have to go, Mother. The other Prefects are expecting me up front.
39) 3) dialog: Hm? Oh. Professor Snape. Head of Slytherin House.
40) 0) text: As the new Gryffindors follow Percy up the staircase, Har stares in wonderment at the PORTRAITS on the walls: the people in them MOVE.
40) 1) dialog: This is. the most direct path to the dormitory, except on Fridays, of course, when the staircases...change. As the staircase before them moves to the right, Percy wa briefly, then leads on without comment to a...
40) 6) text: Revision vetaluy 44 : ... PERCY a Gryffindors, I give you Peeves, Hogwarts resident poltergeist. pop! A tiny translucent man with wicked eyes and wide mou appears, clutching the last walking stick. He is PEEVES. PEEVES. Oooh! Ickle -Firstiest What fun! With that, Peeves swoops: off, wagging his tongue and bouncing a walking stick off Neville’s head. “PERCY (walking on) o “ ' Rather a nuisance, I’m afraid.: Ah. Here we are. At the very end of the corridor, hangs a PORTRAIT of a WOMAN in a pink silk dress. She looks at Percy.
40) 8) dialog: Caput Draconis. The portrait SWINGS FORWARD, revealing a ROUND HOLE in th wall. The students all scramble through it, into the...
41) 1) dialog: Girls’ dormitory to the left. Boys to the right. You'll find your belongings have already been brought up. any questions? (no one speaks) Then, goodnight all. Oh, and ‘don’t (MORE)
41) 5) dialog: forget. Before retiring, please place all living potion ingredients in your cupboards. This includes slugs, fire beetles and cutworms. Sweet dreams... 78 =INT. Boys TOWER DORMITORY - LATER - NIGHT : we 78 Moonlight falls through the tower windows as Ron, Neville Seamus slumber. As we find Harry, he is sleeping too, but is not restful. He twitches and turns...there is a FLASH GREEN...then he awakens with a start, sits up. Trembling. glances about the room, then lies slowly back. Eyes open.
53) 0) text: As they follow Percy up the stairs, Ron still looks glun,
76) 41) text: At the High Table, Dumbledore rises and the Hall quiets. DUMBLEDORE . Another year gone! Now as I understand it, the House Cup needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with 312. Percy turns and glares at Ron.
76) 48) text: As the Gryffindors cheer, Hermione looks overwhelmed. DUMBLEDORE (CONT’ D) * Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the * best played game of chess Hogwarts has as : seen in many years...fifty points. * / PERCY . My youngest brother, you know! *