29) 4) dialog: Go on, Lee. Give us a look. As Lee lifts the LID, a LONG HAIRY LEG protrudes and stud SHRIEK. Unimpressed, one of the twins spots Harry struggl wane wee fee ee ne eee
37) 0) text: Harry and the others enter a grand entryway lit with flam torches. PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL, a rather severe-looking wi in an emerald cloak, stands before a pair of TOWERING DOO She lifts her chin, surveys the new students.
37) 8) text: .--will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours. The Sorting Ceremony will begin momentarily. Professor McGonagall glowers at Neville, then exits. As s goes, there is a BRIEF CLAMOR of SOUND from the students waiting in the Great Hall beyond.
38) 0) text: Harry and the others file into a strangely splendid place by THOUSANDS OF CANDLES FLOATING in midair over four long tables lined with students. Harry looks to the windows be eS the ceiling, finds glorious stars and an icy blue moon
38) 9) text: As the students APPLAUD, the hat takes a bow and Professo McGonagall: steps forward with a ROLL OF PARCHMENT.
39) 0) text: Freshly sorted and seated, the Gryffindor first years wat in amazement as the empty plates before them suddenly...f with food. There is roast beef, chicken, pork chops, lamb chops, sausages, bacon, steak--the feast of all feasts. H listens as a rather wild-looking boy named SEAMUS talks t another student, DEAN THOMAS. *
41) 0) text: The students enter a.cozy,. round room, filled with squas armchairs. At the top of a SPIRAL STAIRCASE, are two DOOR
42) 17) text: 81 Shooting Draft White 11/09/00 48. SNAPE (CONT’D). -. aconite. . (to the others) Well, why aren’t you all copying this down? The students scramble for their quills and parchment. SNAPE (CONT’D) And Gryffindors. Note-that five points will be taken from your House for your classmate’s cheek.
47) 0) text: Harry and Ron walk, buffeted by the stream of students heading for dinner. Hermione walks a few steps behind.
58) 9) text: Listen up! As the lake is. frozen, all Students going home for holiday will take a.flying sleigh to the departure platform. Earmuffs are strongly recommended. . Harry and Ron pay no attention to the studerits bustling them, sitting alone by the window playing WIZARD CHESS. Unlike Muggle chess, these figures are alive. Presently, Harry’s BISHOP looks cross.
63) 0) text: The Hall looks deserted as the students who remain eat breakfast. The Weasleys chatter amongst themselves, laugh then Ron looks away, sees Harry staring into the distance
67) 11) text: i MALFOY * | ‘ ‘ The Forest? But I thought that was just a * ‘ a joke. We can’t go in the Forest. Students * ‘ aren’t allowed. And there’s...werewolves. *
69) 0) text: Students flock onto the sunny grounds, finishéd with: exa 7147 148 149 Revision Yellow 13/10/00 92.