13) 24) dialog: I don't.
13) 31) dialog: Trust? I'm sorry, I was under the misapprehension your chosen profession was politics. I've never trusted the President. I never 32.
13) 37) dialog: Nothing surprises you, Asa, therefore nothing about you is surprising. Perhaps that is why your constituents did not re-elect you to the coming term. (collecting his cane and
15) 49) dialog: A point of order, Mr. Speaker, if you please? When will Mr. Wood -
15) 53) dialog: - when will Mr. Wood conclude his interminable gabble? Some of us breathe oxygen, and we find the mephitic fumes of his oratory a lethal challenge to our pleural capacities.
15) 60) dialog: Slavery is the only insult to natural law, you fatuous nincompoop!
15) 65) dialog: What violates natural law? Slavery, and you, Pendleton, you insult God, you unnatural noise.
37) 33) dialog: Mrs. Lincoln.
37) 43) dialog: As long as your household accounts are in order, Madame, we'll have no need to investigate them.
37) 47) dialog: Your household accounts have always been so interesting.
38) 7) dialog: Ashley insists you're ensuring approval by dispensing patronage to otherwise undeserving Democrats.
38) 11) dialog: When the war ends, I intend to push for full equality, the Negro vote and much more. Congress shall mandate the seizure of every foot of rebel land and every dollar of their property. We'll use their confiscated wealth to establish hundreds of thousands of free Negro farmers, and at their side soldiers armed to occupy and transform the heritage of traitors. We'll build up a land down there of free men and free women and free children and freedom. The nation needs to know that we have such plans.
38) 15) dialog: For patience, I expect.
38) 20) dialog: Ah, shit on the people and what they want and what they're ready for! I don't give a goddamn about the people and what they want! This is the face of someone who has fought long and hard for the good of the people without caring much for any of `em. And I look a lot worse without the wig. The people elected me! To represent them! To lead them! And I lead! You ought to try it!
38) 25) dialog: Oh, how you have longed to say that to me. You claim you trust them - but you know what the people are. You know that the inner compass that should direct the soul toward justice has ossified in white men and women, north and south, unto utter uselessness through tolerating the evil of slavery. White people cannot bear the thought of sharing this country's infinite abundance with Negroes.
57) 8) dialog: The true purpose of the amendment, Mr. Wood, you perfectly-named, brainless, obstructive object? 78.
57) 13) dialog: The true purpose of the amendment -
57) 46) dialog: (giving in to his anger:) How can I hold that all men are created equal, when here before me - (pointing to Pendleton:) - stands stinking the moral carcass of the gentleman from Ohio, proof that some men are inferior, endowed by their Maker with dim wits impermeable to reason with cold pallid slime in their veins instead of hot red blood! You are more reptile than man, George, so low and flat that the foot of man is incapable of crushing you!
57) 52) dialog: Yet even you, Pendleton, who should have been gibbetted for treason long before today, even worthless unworthy you ought to be treated equally before the law! And so again, sir, and again and again and 80.
58) 9) dialog: I'm sorry you're nauseous, Asa, that must be unpleasant. I want the amendment to pass. So that the Constitution's first and only mention of slavery is its absolute prohibition. For this amendment, for which I have worked all of my life and for which 81.
66) 3) dialog: It opens!
66) 12) dialog: 
66) 19) dialog: I haven't noticed you. I'm a Republican, and you, Coughdrop, are a Democrat?
66) 23) dialog: The modern travesty of Thomas Jefferson's political organization to which you have attached yourself like a barnacle has the effrontery to call itself The Democratic Party. You are a Dem-o-crat. What's the matter with you? Are you wicked?
66) 27) dialog: Never mind, Coffsnot. You were ignominiously trounced at the hustings in November's election by your worthy challenger, a
66) 33) dialog: What difference does it make if you lost or not?! The governor of our state, is...? A Democrat?
66) 37) dialog: Re.
66) 41) dialog: 
66) 46) dialog: Li.
66) 50) dialog: Can.
66) 54) dialog: I know what he is. This is a rhetorical exercise. And Congress is controlled by what party? Yours?
66) 62) dialog: NO! Coffroth will vote yes but Coffroth will remain a Democrat until after he does so.
66) 67) dialog: We want to show the amendment has bipartisan support, you idiot. Early in the next Congress, when I tell you to do so, you will switch parties. Now congratulations on your victory, and get out.
84) 11) dialog: The bill, Mr. McPherson, may I...?
84) 16) dialog: I'll return it in the morning. Creased, but unharmed.
86) 3) dialog: A gift for you.
87) 4) dialog: I wish you'd been present.
87) 8) dialog: It was a spectacle.
87) 14) dialog: Read it to me again, my love.
87) 19) dialog: And adopted.
87) 23) dialog: 