0) 400) text: It is empty except for two barmaids poised ready to serve behind trestle tables full of drinks and sandwiches. The MEN enter with NORM and close behind them follow GRANDFAT the boys. The group arrives at the centre of the lounge a to look about and see the food but before they can get to directions NEWSPAPERMEN and PHOTOGRAPHERS converge upon t Now begins an elaborate tug-of-war between various PHOTOG their flash attachments and REPORTERS to capture a Beatle midst of this running battle a man with a portable record to interview them. Together and singly the BOYS are pushe room and while this goes on a hard core of NEWSPAPERMEN a devouring sandwiches and pouring themselves drinks, to th the BARMAIDS. Every time one of the BOYS attempts to get a sandwich or either too late, the plate is empty, or they are intercep single and constant thing we see in the scene is the push pulling, heavy impersonal handling, the boys are just thi placed like still life in one advantageous position after During the scene these individual exchanges take place:
1) 1) dialog: (accusingly) That was fresh this morning. We now see the pub is full of enormous cockney workmen do RINGO is very much alone. He moves away from the bar tow that is standing together, they've an average height of o There is a group at a dart board. Another group is playin skittles and a third group is around a pin-ball table. Near the bar is a shove-halfpenny board with two players. caged parrot nearby.
1) 2) dialog: (to Ringo) That'll be two and nine... RINGO fumbles some change out of his pocket. A few copper his hand on to the shove-halfpenny board just as the cruc been made. The men glare at him. Embarrassed, he moves aw without looking, places his glass on the skittles table just as a swings the string, which hits Ringo's glass. More embarrassed, R away, unfortunately into the pin-table just as a winning about to be reached. He bumps it very slightly, but enough to c TILT. He then moves to the dart board. By this time most staring at him. With great style he takes the darts. The goes into a cheese sandwich which a man is pointing in de The second we see arrive into a pint of bitter and then w shoot the third dart and hear the sound of the parrot sho angrily, off. The BARMAID has had enough.
1) 3) dialog: Right ... On your way!
1) 5) dialog: You heard, on your way, troublemaker! Now the centre of attention, RINGO backs out of the pub, every eye in the place, the BARMAID and a few players fol the door