0) 0) text: We see the fans rushing to the few platform ticket machin endless pennies being dropped and tickets torn out in the get onto the platform to see the boys. NORM has been waiting for the boys and he hurries them to their baggage, instruments and the drums are waiting, pil put into the guards' van. The boys turn and see the oncom girls pushing through the barriers and descending on them and shouts. They grab their instruments, RINGO makes for NORM plugs into a handy transformer and using their instr gun volley to stop the onrush of females, the boys blast number and start to sing. This stops the girls in their t settle down on whatever they can to listen to them playin As the boys are playing, we CUT BACK into the crowds. In see PAUL struggling and pulling to fight his way through join the other boys. He is dragging a very reluctant old him. The old man seems most disgruntled and we can see by how unwilling he is to be pulled and pushed forward throu girls. At last PAUL reaches the other boys. He sits the old man of cases and joins in the number to the squeals of deligh fans. The old man sits aloof and proud ignoring the whole JOHN, GEORGE and RINGO look enquiringly at PAUL who gives noncommittal shrug of the shoulders as if to say, "it's n and the number proceeds. SHOT of sudden horror on JOHN's face. PAUL follows his ey see the old man has doffed his cap and is busily collecti a disconcerted crowd. PAUL dives hastily into the crowd, suitable apologies extracts the old man and with a long s drags him back to the group. GEORGE and PAUL hold him fir finish the number, the old man standing there between the the As the number finishes and the girls scream and shout wit guard blows his whistle. NORM and SHAKE grab the instrume drums, and with the rest piles the lot into the guards’ v head into their reserved compartment pursued by the fans moves off. They have successfully repelled all extra boar THE BOYS stand and wave to the fans until out of sight li girls running along to the end of the platform waving and
0) 391) text: There are a few groups of GIRL FANS standing outside the theatre, but against the kerb of the pavement is a night- canvas hut and brazier. The car approaches.
0) 460) text: looking 45. shows. step out Lennon, leave them girls alone or I'll report you. The BOYS let the GIRLS pass and resume the journey, alway by people.
0) 599) dialog: (admiringly) What a clean old man.
0) 684) dialog: Get out of it, short house! CLOSE-UP on Ringo's secret but happy smile as he walks br road.
1) 10) dialog: If I believed you, sir, I might do those things and walk those ways only to find myself on Problem's Path. But I cannot believe you, and all those urgings serve only as a proof that you will lie and lie again to gain your purpose with me. She dances lightly away from an imaginary lover and as sh sees PAUL who is as engrossed in the scene as she was.
1) 11) dialog: (surprised) oh!
1) 13) dialog: Go away! You've spoilt it.
1) 15) dialog: Are you supposed to be here?
1) 17) dialog: I'm warning you, they'll be back in a minute.
1) 19) dialog: You're from Liverpool, aren't you?
1) 21) dialog: (seriously) Oh, it's the way you talk.
1) 23) dialog: (suspiciously) Are you pulling my leg?
1) 25) dialog: (unsure) I see. (airily) Do you like the play?
1) 27) dialog: Gear?
1) 29) dialog: Thank you.
1) 32) dialog: (cutting in) I'm not ...
1) 34) dialog: No. (aggressively) I'm a walk-on in a fancy dress scene. I just felt like doing those lines.
1) 36) dialog: Yes.
1) 38) dialog: What's that mean?
1) 40) dialog: (dryly) The big hammer?
1) 42) dialog: But the way you did it then sounded so phony.
1) 44) dialog: But that's not like a real person at all.
1) 46) dialog: They ought to be.
1) 48) dialog: (teasingly) What are you?
1) 50) dialog: I bet you don't sound like real people.
1) 52) dialog: Is it really fab or are you just saying that to convince yourself?
1) 55) dialog: I only enjoy acting for myself. I hate it when other people are let in.
1) 57) dialog: Why selfish?
1) 60) dialog: Not really but I'm probably not a toffee maker. How would you do those lines of mine?
1) 62) dialog: Is she?
1) 64) dialog: (shattered) And you honestly think that's what she meant?
1) 66) dialog: Well, it's nice to know you think we're clever.
1) 68) dialog: And what do you do about it?
1) 70) dialog: Pity.
1) 72) dialog: Yes.
1) 74) dialog: Of course. PAUL stands at the doorway, shrugs then goes out.