0) 28) dialog: Hello.
0) 33) dialog: I'll look after meself.
0) 39) dialog: The lad's given you the simple truth. I'm cursed wid irresistible charm, I'm too attractive to be let loose. At this moment, SHAKE, a tall man who works with the BOYS the door of the compartment.
0) 63) dialog: I want me coffee.
0) 97) dialog: (To NORM slyly) They always say that.
0) 114) dialog: Would you ever sign this one for us, Pauly? PAUL does so automatically but in the middle of signing h suspicious. GRANDFATHER smiles at him charmingly so PAUL signing.
0) 116) dialog: Before you go, I think it's only fair to warn you about me Grandson ... don't let our Paul have his own way all the time, 'cos if you do he won't respect you! JOHN, RINGO and GEORGE take this up straight away. They a be girls, RINGO jumps into PAUL's arms.
0) 128) dialog: (sternly) I'm sorry, miss, but you mustn't fraternise with my prisoners.
0) 130) dialog: Convicts in transit to Wormwood Scrubs. Typical old lags, the lot of ‘em.
0) 132) dialog: Quiet, you lot, or I'll give you a touch of me truncheon. (He points at Ringo) That little one's the worst. If we don't keep him on tablets he has fits.
0) 133) text: (protesting) Now look here!! GRANDFATHER grabs two lumps of sugar from the table and f into RINGO'S mouth.
0) 134) dialog: Get out while you can, ladies, his time's coming round for one of his turns. The frightened girls scurry out of the restaurant car. Th in amazement and horror at GRANDFATHER. They are completely flabbergasted. GRANDFATHER smiles at them benignly.
0) 145) dialog: (proudly) Yes, I'm their manager, I discovered them.
0) 147) dialog: Now, Audrey, I told you, the name's John. We show biz people are a friendly lot.
0) 149) dialog: Yes, they were playing the queues outside the picture palaces of Liverpool. Scruffy young lads, lacking even the price of a jam roll. Orphans, every Paddy's son of ‘em. I saw their potential at once although I had me doubts about the little fella, a savage primitive, that Ringo, but it was him what gave in first. He picked up a brick and heaved it at me and I quelled him wid one fierce flash of me eyes. "Mister, can you spare us a copper?" he said. I was disarmed by the grubby little outstretched mauler ... So, I took them under me managerial banner.
0) 151) dialog: Oh, not at all, I let them have twenty-five; sure aren't there four of them?
0) 153) dialog: -+. Oh, I'm all heart, Ma'am, all heart ... Well, I let...
0) 185) dialog: (looking up) Congratulate me, boys, I'm engaged. PAUL enters and crosses over to him.
0) 187) dialog: It's all taken care of. It's down on our bill.
0) 204) dialog: (bitterly) And to think me own grandson would have let them put me behind bars!
0) 209) dialog: A harmless bit of fun, aah, none of you have any sense of humour left these days.
0) 211) dialog: (cutting in) You're left-handed, aren't you, Paul?
0) 213) dialog: Why do you always use your left hand?
0) 215) dialog: And I take a left-handed view of life, I've got to. PAUL grins. After a moment of looking at him, PAUL opens the luggage compartment and joins GRANDFATHER on a box.
0) 217) dialog: Odds or evens? PAUL sighs.
0) 223) dialog: That's right; convict without trial ... Habeas corpus.
0) 239) dialog: All right, lads, follow me. And before NORM can stop him, he darts out of the door, P The fans further down the platform see PAUL and charge fo panic NORM and the others follow, JOHN just having time t the girls.
0) 253) dialog: Don't mock the afflicted, Pauly.
0) 255) dialog: Well, it may be a joke, but it's his nose. He can't help having a horrible great nose, it's the only one he's got. And his poor little head's trembling under the weight of it. NORM enters with three piles of fan mail and places them JOHN on a table. RINGO is almost in tears, examining his mirror.
0) 261) dialog: It's your nose, y'see. Fans are funny that way. Take a dislike to things. They'll pick on a nose...
0) 274) dialog: (taking card from Norm) Quite right, invites to gambling dens full of easy money and fast women, chicken sandwiches and cornets of caviar, disgusting! He pockets the card himself.
0) 283) dialog: What about all these letters?
0) 285) dialog: 
0) 286) dialog: And a free champagne buffet. He grins to himself. At this moment a WAITER enters with clad in tails and GRANDFATHER eyes them longingly, measur the while alongside the startled waiter. He leaves us wit our minds what he wants, i.e., the waiter's suit
0) 291) dialog: (nonchalant) Souflée. He turns to the buxom BLONDE, who is dripping over him.
0) 292) dialog: I bet you're a great swimmer. My turn? Bingo!
0) 294) dialog: (taking) I'll take the little darlings anyway. He takes up the cards and can't understand that they are
0) 295) dialog: Two and one is three, carry one is four. The buxom BLONDE leans over him.
0) 297) dialog: (disturbed by his eyeline) Eh?
0) 299) dialog: We'd be thrown out.
0) 303) dialog: I dia? CROUPIER taps impatiently on box (shoe).
0) 305) dialog: They are?
0) 309) dialog: Bingo!
0) 312) dialog: (lordly) A glass of the old chablis to wash down a gesture of giblets wouldn't go amiss. (He resumes his game.) Souflée, chop chop. The CROUPIER uses the spatula to pick up a card. GRANDFAT and scoops some sandwiches off a passing tray.
0) 336) dialog: Yes, and I'll have some more champagne as well. He takes another swig of his glass.
0) 340) dialog: (handing him a chip) Lead me to it, I've a winning itch that only success can pacify. He takes his place at the table. The MANAGER watches for moves away from the table towards the club reception desk
0) 351) dialog: Who are these ruffians?... I've never seen them before in my life! ... (etc.) They grab the protesting GRANDFATHER and drag him into th area. He keeps trying to return to BLONDE and table. GEOR each take an end of the velvet cord hanging between the t stanchions. They exchange ends and re-hook it, thus encircling GRANDF entrance desk. They then go to settle up.
0) 357) dialog: How about me change?
0) 410) dialog: We've just finished, Pauly. Hey George, write us your John Henry on this picture.
0) 438) dialog: Hey Pauly, they're trying to fob you off wid this musical charlatan but I've given him the test. away
0) 440) dialog: (indicating the director) He's a typical buck-passer.
0) 453) dialog: I can't tell you how much I've enjoyed your act. He slaps the man on the back with happy camaraderie. Ther of a dove, a few feathers fall out of the sleeve of the m he and GRANDFATHER look down at the floor. The man glares GRANDFATHER, takes out a pen from his pocket, crosses out sign, and writes "9" in its place, puts the pen back in h starts towards the centre stage putting on a false perfor
0) 467) text: Under the stage the usual set of wooden columns that supp with lots of furniture and a single light is on; it is pl orchestra's entrance to the orchestra pit. GRANDFATHER co stairs and winds his way through the columns until he fin safe little cubby hole and settles himself under the ligh the signed photos of the BOYS in front of him and, adjust fashioned pair of glasses, ball-point pen in hand begins BOYS' signatures on to the fresh photos, tutting at his f chuckling at his successes. After a moment, there is a so coming down the stairs. GRANDFATHER darts into a dark pat sight. The menacing shadows appear on the stairway. NORM (voice off) There's no one here. SHAKE (voice off) This is the only way they could have gone. We now see GRANDFATHER holding himself stiffly in, he is of raised platform and he fidgets and in doing so he knoc some sort. Slowly GRANDFATHER ascends out of shot with a grows bigger above him.
0) 546) dialog: Isn't it always the way? Picking on us little fellas.
0) 570) dialog: I never did, you did. The BOYS enter. boys
0) 591) dialog: In my considered opinion you're a bunch of sissies. JOHN grabs a powder puff from his girl.
0) 598) dialog: (impatiently) Lookit, I thought I was supposed to be getting a change of scenery and so far I've seen a train and a room, a car and a room and a room and a room. Well, that's maybe all right for a bunch of powdered gee-gaws like you lot but I'm feeling decidedly strait-jacketed. This is no life for a free-booting agent of my stamp. I'm a frustrated man and that class of McCartney is a dangerous McCartney.
0) 600) dialog: (touchingly) You're too young for a fella of my cosmopolitan tastes, so don't press your luck.
0) 616) dialog: I want me cup of tea.
0) 630) dialog: (disgustedly to no one in particular) Will you ever look at him, sitting there wid his hooter scraping away at that book!
0) 632) dialog: (taking the book from him) Have you no natural resources of your own? Have they even robbed you of that?
0) 634) dialog: Can you now? Aah ... sheeps' heads! You learn more by getting out there and living.
0) 636) dialog: Any old where ... but not our little Richard ++. oh no! When you're not thumping them pagan skins, you're tormenting your eyes wid that rubbish!
0) 638) dialog: (countering) Parading's better!
0) 640) dialog: (marching up and down the canteen) That's it, parading the streets ... trailing your coat ... bowling along ... living!
0) 642) dialog: You're living, are you? When was the last time you gave a girl a pink-edged daisy? When did you last embarrass a sheila wid your cool appraising stare?
0) 644) dialog: At least I've a backlog of memories, but all you've got is that book!
0) 648) dialog: Do you think I haven't noticed ... do you think I wasn't aware of the drift? Oh ... you poor unfortunate scuff, they've driven you into books by their cruel, unnatural treatment, exploiting your good nature.
0) 650) dialog: (confidingly) And that lot's never happier than when they're jeering at you ... and where would they be without the steady support of your drum beat, I'd like to know.
0) 652) dialog: And what's it all come to in the end?
0) 654) dialog: A book!
0) 656) dialog: When you could be out there betraying a rich American widow or sipping palm wine in Tahiti before you're too old like me. A fine neat and trim lad the class of you should be helping himself to life's goodies before the sands run out. Being an old age pensioner's a terrible drag on a man and every second you waste is bringing you nearer the Friday queue at the Post Office.
0) 658) dialog: (nodding) You're only right.
0) 660) dialog: Where are you off to?
0) 782) dialog: I'm sorry lads, I didn't mean it, honest.
0) 786) dialog: I meant no harm. I was only trying to encourage little Ringo to enjoy himself.
1) 106) dialog: Here they are, personally signed and handwritten by your own sweet boys. The chance of a lifetime. Be the envy of your less fortunate sisters! The CAMERA PULLS back and we see GRANDFATHER is surrounde have broken from the queue and are doing a brisk trade wi man. He has a large sign on which is written: "Get your g autographed Beatles photographs." On the edge of the crow POLICEMEN are trying to force the girls back into the que they wade through the girls and confront GRANDFATHER. The old man quizzically; he stares back coldly. They indicate it and quick but GRANDFATHER defiantly glares back at the sigh, they grab an arm each and escort the old man off.
1) 118) dialog: Well, you got me here so do your worst but I'll take one of you with me. (kicks the nearest policeman) Oh, I know your game, get me in the tiled room and out come the rubber hoses but I'll defy you still.
1) 120) dialog: You ugly, great brute you, you have sadism stamped all over your bloated British kisser.
1) 122) dialog: I'll go on a hunger strike. I know your caper. The kidney punch and the rabbit-clout. The third degree and the size twelve boot ankle-tap.
1) 124) dialog: (squaring up) I'm soldier of the Republic, you'll need the mahogany truncheon for this boyo. A nation once again.
1) 126) dialog: Ringo, me old scout, they grabbed yer leg for the iron too, did they?
1) 128) dialog: Shush! Have they roughed you up yet?
1) 130) dialog: (whispering) Keep your voice down, this lot'll paste you, just for the exercise. Oh they're a desperate crew of drippings and they've fists like matured hams for pounding defenceless lads like you.
1) 132) dialog: That sergeant's a body-blow veteran if ever I measured one. One of us has got to escape. I'll get the boys. Hold on son, I'll be back for you.
1) 136) dialog: That's what they want you to think. All coppers are villains.
1) 138) dialog: You see, sly villains.
1) 144) dialog: Lip reading.
1) 146) dialog: Nothing good. The POLICEMEN make a move towards GRANDFATHER and RINGO.
1) 147) dialog: Well son, it's now or never. He jumps to his feet and scurries towards the door.
1) 156) dialog: Be God, they've called up reinforcements, the dragnet's out! He dashes off wildly in the general direction of the thea been completely unnoticed by the policemen who are lining last minute inspection by the inspector in charge. The inspec commander-in-chief of a spear-head attack force. They smartly march off in the direction taken by GRANDFAT 81. INTERIOR T.
1) 166) dialog: I must see Pauly.
1) 168) dialog: Can you fix him for me?
1) 170) dialog: Sixpence.
1) 172) dialog: Oh, all right.
1) 174) dialog: (disgusted) Mercenary! But he hands over the money. The kids rush in the stage d a moment the furious GUARD chases them out and down the a GRANDFATHER, chuckling, nips in the door.
1) 179) dialog: The police have the poor unfortunate lad in the Bridewell.
1) 181) dialog: He'll be pulp by now.
1) 203) dialog: Here, Pauly. And sitting on a box sadly chastened sits GRANDFATHER.
1) 213) dialog: (fighting back) But I'm clean. The BOYS giggle and slap him on the back.
1) 229) dialog: (beckoning them in with his free hand which holds the photos) Come on, you're hanging up the parade. The boys shout “Get rid of those things, etc."