0) 0) text: We see the fans rushing to the few platform ticket machin endless pennies being dropped and tickets torn out in the get onto the platform to see the boys. NORM has been waiting for the boys and he hurries them to their baggage, instruments and the drums are waiting, pil put into the guards' van. The boys turn and see the oncom girls pushing through the barriers and descending on them and shouts. They grab their instruments, RINGO makes for NORM plugs into a handy transformer and using their instr gun volley to stop the onrush of females, the boys blast number and start to sing. This stops the girls in their t settle down on whatever they can to listen to them playin As the boys are playing, we CUT BACK into the crowds. In see PAUL struggling and pulling to fight his way through join the other boys. He is dragging a very reluctant old him. The old man seems most disgruntled and we can see by how unwilling he is to be pulled and pushed forward throu girls. At last PAUL reaches the other boys. He sits the old man of cases and joins in the number to the squeals of deligh fans. The old man sits aloof and proud ignoring the whole JOHN, GEORGE and RINGO look enquiringly at PAUL who gives noncommittal shrug of the shoulders as if to say, "it's n and the number proceeds. SHOT of sudden horror on JOHN's face. PAUL follows his ey see the old man has doffed his cap and is busily collecti a disconcerted crowd. PAUL dives hastily into the crowd, suitable apologies extracts the old man and with a long s drags him back to the group. GEORGE and PAUL hold him fir finish the number, the old man standing there between the the As the number finishes and the girls scream and shout wit guard blows his whistle. NORM and SHAKE grab the instrume drums, and with the rest piles the lot into the guards’ v head into their reserved compartment pursued by the fans moves off. They have successfully repelled all extra boar THE BOYS stand and wave to the fans until out of sight li girls running along to the end of the platform waving and
0) 50) dialog: Morning, lads.
0) 52) dialog: (checking them quickly) pulls open Well, thank God you're all got here. Now, listen, I've had this marvellous idea ... now just for a change, let's all behave like ordinary responsible citizens. Let's not cause any trouble, pull any strokes or do anything I'm going to be sorry for, especially tomorrow at the television theatre, because ... He looks sharply at JOHN who is polishing his nails.
0) 53) dialog: Are you listening to me, Lennon?
0) 56) dialog: (just as indifferent) Thanks... He sees the GRANDFATHER.
0) 57) dialog: Eh ...
0) 59) dialog: Well, who is he?
0) 61) dialog: (accepting the situation) Ah well, there you go. Look, I'm going down the diner for a cup of coffee, are you coming?
0) 64) dialog: He can come with Shake and me if you like.
0) 66) dialog: Don't be cheeky, I'll bind him to me with promises. Come on, Grandad. GRANDFATHER joins SHAKE and NORM.
0) 67) dialog: (over Grandfather's head) He's very clean, isn't he? SHAKE and NORM collect GRANDFATHER and are in the process the compartment when a fat upper class city Englishman, J attempts to enter. There is a bit of confusion and they g with each other.
0) 93) dialog: Yeah, you want to watch it.
0) 95) dialog: Well, you stick to that story, son.
0) 98) dialog: Yeah, well I got me eye on you.
0) 100) dialog: Well, you don't have to rub me nose in it. I've a good mind to ... (he is about to thump SHAKE.)
0) 102) dialog: He started it.
0) 107) dialog: Your Grandfather pointed out Shake was always being taller than me just to spite me.
0) 109) dialog: Y'what?
0) 113) dialog: You're right. Here you are, old devil. SHAKE and NORM leave. GRANDFATHER grins triumphantly and them, then with a sweet smile he turns to PAUL.
0) 136) dialog: He's been gone a long time.
0) 138) dialog: Paul's grandfather.
0) 140) dialog: Down the ... er ...
0) 142) dialog: Yeah, down the ... er ...
0) 155) dialog: Eh, have you got Paul's grandfather?
0) 157) dialog: No ... he's must have slipped off somewhere. 11.
0) 159) dialog: Don't exaggerate.
0) 232) dialog: Don't move, any of you. They've gone potty out there. The whole place is surging with girls.
0) 234) dialog: No.
0) 236) dialog: No, you can't. Look, as soon as I tell you, run through this door here and into the big car that's waiting. He points and we see a big car parked across the road. The BOYS prepare to depart, lining up with GRANDFATHER at
0) 238) dialog: Oh no! GRANDFATHER pushes past the BOYS, holding his coat closed
0) 243) dialog: (to the driver) Go like the clappers, son!
0) 256) dialog: Paul, John, George - get at it.
0) 259) dialog: Sorry. John hands RINGO a single envelope.
0) 272) dialog: (snatching the card Well you're not going.
0) 276) dialog: Have done, and you lot get your pens out.
0) 278) dialog: It's homework time for all you college puddings. I want this lot (he indicates the fan letters all answered tonight. The BOYS all protest.
0) 279) dialog: I'll brook no denial!
0) 281) dialog: Come on, Shake, we'll leave ‘em to their penmanship. He goes followed by SHAKE. There is a pause and JOHN deliberately rises slowly and c coat. He puts it on and walks to the door.
0) 316) dialog: Now get on with it.
0) 318) dialog: Aye, well, now! (He goes through bedroom.) RINGO goes to hang up coat in closet. He does so, then cr
0) 344) dialog: Shurrup. The BOYS do and meanwhile the MANAGER has walked into SHO recognises the BOYS and welcomes them with false enthusia start to enter the main room.
0) 345) dialog: All we want to know is have you got a little old man in there?
0) 353) dialog: (taking it) I'll settle that. He glances at it.
0) 354) dialog: A hundred and eighty pounds!
0) 384) dialog: Will you all stop it, you're like a gang of 36. 37. 38. school kids. I knew this was going to happen one day.
0) 388) dialog: And I was happy in the bakery. I'll never know why I left.
0) 393) dialog: Get ready John, open the door and as it draws up, out you go and straight in. JOHN nods and opens the door. The FANS start to swarm ‘ro escape, the BOYS dash into the night-watchman's canvas hu and run with it to the stage door, revealing the night-wa staring in astonishment. At the door the BOYS put the hut down and enter the theat
0) 396) dialog: (jovially) Give us a couple of shakes to get our breath. 39. and of is
0) 400) text: It is empty except for two barmaids poised ready to serve behind trestle tables full of drinks and sandwiches. The MEN enter with NORM and close behind them follow GRANDFAT the boys. The group arrives at the centre of the lounge a to look about and see the food but before they can get to directions NEWSPAPERMEN and PHOTOGRAPHERS converge upon t Now begins an elaborate tug-of-war between various PHOTOG their flash attachments and REPORTERS to capture a Beatle midst of this running battle a man with a portable record to interview them. Together and singly the BOYS are pushe room and while this goes on a hard core of NEWSPAPERMEN a devouring sandwiches and pouring themselves drinks, to th the BARMAIDS. Every time one of the BOYS attempts to get a sandwich or either too late, the plate is empty, or they are intercep single and constant thing we see in the scene is the push pulling, heavy impersonal handling, the boys are just thi placed like still life in one advantageous position after During the scene these individual exchanges take place:
0) 444) dialog: Hello our lot, everyone happy? The BOYS, the DIRECTOR, FLOOR MANAGER and GRANDFATHER tur stare silently.
0) 445) dialog: All right, all right. If you don't need this lot, I'll lock 'em up in the dressing room till you do.
0) 448) dialog: (producing key) Now, come on, I've got the key. He leads the lads off right. RINGO is last as he is putti sticks down safely. NORM and the BOYS turn on him.
0) 449) dialog: Let's have you. sound 43.
0) 458) dialog: Right, first floor and no messing about. NORM, leading the way, goes up the stairs but as they tur corner they are confronted by a group of girls, a game of starts, "after you," "No, after you." NORM who is ahead o looks down on them in disgust.
0) 459) dialog: 
0) 467) text: Under the stage the usual set of wooden columns that supp with lots of furniture and a single light is on; it is pl orchestra's entrance to the orchestra pit. GRANDFATHER co stairs and winds his way through the columns until he fin safe little cubby hole and settles himself under the ligh the signed photos of the BOYS in front of him and, adjust fashioned pair of glasses, ball-point pen in hand begins BOYS' signatures on to the fresh photos, tutting at his f chuckling at his successes. After a moment, there is a so coming down the stairs. GRANDFATHER darts into a dark pat sight. The menacing shadows appear on the stairway. NORM (voice off) There's no one here. SHAKE (voice off) This is the only way they could have gone. We now see GRANDFATHER holding himself stiffly in, he is of raised platform and he fidgets and in doing so he knoc some sort. Slowly GRANDFATHER ascends out of shot with a grows bigger above him.
0) 501) dialog: That's too easy for Lennon. He crosses to door leading to fire escape.
0) 502) dialog: (dramatically) He's out there somewhere, causing trouble just to upset me.
0) 504) dialog: Oh no... this is a battle of nerves between John and me.
0) 506) dialog: What?
0) 508) dialog: I know, that's the trouble. He puffs nervously at his cigarette.
0) 509) dialog: Oh, I've toyed with the idea of a ball and chain but he'd only rattle them at me... and in public and all. Sometimes I think he enjoys seeing me suffer. He hears something.
0) 510) dialog: Get behind that door, they're coming. Someone's coming. Quick, hide! The two men hide behind the door. The boys enter the room last he shuts the door and faces SHAKE and NORM.
0) 514) dialog: We weren't hiding. as JOHN is
0) 516) dialog: Now. We were trying to catch you redhanded. I thought I told you lot to stay here?
0) 518) dialog: When I tell you to stay put, stay put.
0) 520) dialog: Oh shurrup and come on John. They're waiting for you in the studio.
0) 522) dialog: Good lad, Ringo.
0) 529) dialog: Will you all get a move on! They're waiting for you! By this time the TAILOR has his tape stretched between hi measure GEORGE's shoulders. But since GEORGE has moved aw measuring space. JOHN takes up his scissors and cuts the
0) 555) dialog: (rising) Sure.
0) 567) dialog: All right, our lot, make-up.]
0) 573) dialog: Stop picking on him.
0) 576) dialog: Sit down, the lot of you. At this moment several actors come into the room. They ar in the uniform of officers in Wellington's army. Together they sit down, Beatles and soldiers all mixed up. Now a group of several pretty make-up girls make an entra boys herald their arrival with a chorus of “aye aye's" an whistles. JOHN meanwhile has helped himself to a big bear other lads are generally messing about with assorted make
0) 580) dialog: Now listen, John, behave yourself or I'll murder you and, Shake, take that wig off, it suits you. girls, SHAKE has a long blond girl's wig on. With the assistance NORM gets the boys seated into the chairs nearest the doo reason RINGO now has a Guardsman's busby wedged down almo eyes and is sitting with it under a hair drier, reading a "Queen" Magazine.
0) 581) dialog: (to Ringo) What do you think are you're up to?
0) 593) dialog: Leave him alone, Lennon, or I'll tell them all the truth about you.
0) 595) dialog: I would though. NORM goes out.
0) 602) dialog: They're nearly ready for you. They're just finishing the band call.
0) 611) dialog: That was great, you've got about an hour but don't leave the theatre. JOHN grabs the arm of a sexy girl dancer.
0) 614) dialog: John, I'm talking to you. This final run through is important. Understand? Important.
0) 617) dialog: Shake.
0) 619) dialog: Clever. (he turns) George. But GEORGE is disappearing out of the door. NORM turns to RINGO.
0) 620) dialog: 
0) 625) dialog: Do I have to raise me voice?
0) 787) dialog: (grimly, C.U.) God knows what you've unleashed on the unsuspecting South. It'll be wine, women and song all the way with Ringo once he's got the taste for it.
1) 77) dialog: Worry, will you! SHAKE adjusts his features to a worrying expression.
1) 79) dialog: I'll murder that Lennon.
1) 82) dialog: Shurrup, cheerful. The horrible prospect hits the DIRECTOR.
1) 84) dialog: (reassuring him) They'll be here.
1) 87) dialog: Traitor! SHAKE nods his agreement to this assessment of his chara
1) 90) dialog: (preoccupied) Hi, our lot! The BOYS walk on when after a moment NORM snaps to.
1) 91) dialog: Our lot!
1) 93) dialog: (beaming with delight) I could eat the lot of you.
1) 101) dialog: Aye, let's try the dressing room. Everyone starts along the passage. NORM and PAUL last.
1) 103) dialog: Don't worry about him. He can look after himself.
1) 199) dialog: looks suspiciously at RINGO who is still wearing his cap. it off and NORM delightedly hugs him. The BOYS dash throu entrance and on stage. The DIRECTOR sees them and bursts with relief. NORM hustles the lads into the wings to be c their show costumes. All around them last-minute preparat going on.
1) 201) dialog: Aren't you supposed to be in that box? The DIRECTOR gives NORM a final glare and dashes off.
1) 216) dialog: I've got the stuff. Come here.
1) 218) dialog: No, we're not! He hurries them along.
1) 219) dialog: The office was on the phone, they think it'd be better if we pushed straight to Wolverhampton.
1) 221) dialog: You've got a midnight matinee.
1) 223) dialog: No, you look here, John. I've only one thing to say to you.
1) 225) dialog: You're a swine. So hurry up ... we're travelling! NORM turns down a side exit where the door is open to the is an eight-passenger helicopter.
1) 228) dialog: (arriving at helicopter door) Don't start. Look. The boys look in the passenger bay and there is GRANDFATH still handcuffed to SHAKE but clutching his pile of photo