0) 0) text: We see the fans rushing to the few platform ticket machin endless pennies being dropped and tickets torn out in the get onto the platform to see the boys. NORM has been waiting for the boys and he hurries them to their baggage, instruments and the drums are waiting, pil put into the guards' van. The boys turn and see the oncom girls pushing through the barriers and descending on them and shouts. They grab their instruments, RINGO makes for NORM plugs into a handy transformer and using their instr gun volley to stop the onrush of females, the boys blast number and start to sing. This stops the girls in their t settle down on whatever they can to listen to them playin As the boys are playing, we CUT BACK into the crowds. In see PAUL struggling and pulling to fight his way through join the other boys. He is dragging a very reluctant old him. The old man seems most disgruntled and we can see by how unwilling he is to be pulled and pushed forward throu girls. At last PAUL reaches the other boys. He sits the old man of cases and joins in the number to the squeals of deligh fans. The old man sits aloof and proud ignoring the whole JOHN, GEORGE and RINGO look enquiringly at PAUL who gives noncommittal shrug of the shoulders as if to say, "it's n and the number proceeds. SHOT of sudden horror on JOHN's face. PAUL follows his ey see the old man has doffed his cap and is busily collecti a disconcerted crowd. PAUL dives hastily into the crowd, suitable apologies extracts the old man and with a long s drags him back to the group. GEORGE and PAUL hold him fir finish the number, the old man standing there between the the As the number finishes and the girls scream and shout wit guard blows his whistle. NORM and SHAKE grab the instrume drums, and with the rest piles the lot into the guards’ v head into their reserved compartment pursued by the fans moves off. They have successfully repelled all extra boar THE BOYS stand and wave to the fans until out of sight li girls running along to the end of the platform waving and
0) 40) dialog: You got on all right then?
0) 42) dialog: We're here. Norm'll be along in a mo' with the tickets. He sees GRANDFATHER.
0) 43) dialog: Morning! (whispers) Who's that little old man?
0) 45) dialog: Oh aye, but I thought ...
0) 47) dialog: That's all right then.
0) 49) dialog: Oh yes, he's clean all right. NORM the road manager appears behind SHAKE.
0) 94) dialog: (unhappily) It's not my fault.
0) 96) dialog: I can't help it, I'm just taller than you.
0) 99) dialog: I'm sorry Norm, but I can't help being taller than you.
0) 103) dialog: No, I didn't you did...
0) 105) dialog: The old fella wanted these pictures and Norm said he couldn't have ‘em, all I said was ‘aw go on, be big about it.'
0) 137) dialog: (without looking up) Who?
0) 139) dialog: Oh, I didn't notice, where'd he go?
0) 141) dialog: Oh, down the ... er ...?
0) 143) dialog: Well, give a couple of minutes ... He resumes reading. But NORM goes on worrying.
0) 161) dialog: Put it this way, he's mislaid him.
0) 163) dialog: He can't be far.
0) 264) dialog: For Ringo. He dumps it in Ringo's arms who staggers into an armchair send him up.
0) 324) dialog: Eh, what's all this?
0) 327) dialog: (to WAITER) You're undressed. Where are your clothes?
0) 333) dialog: Aye, come on, honest, that grandfather of yours is worse than any of you lot.
0) 419) dialog: (going towards the voice) I'm coming. RINGO is busy setting up his drums, and men are setting u sets. He drops a stick and the FLOOR MANAGER retrieves it to tap the drum. The FLOOR MANAGER is a languid young man
0) 467) text: Under the stage the usual set of wooden columns that supp with lots of furniture and a single light is on; it is pl orchestra's entrance to the orchestra pit. GRANDFATHER co stairs and winds his way through the columns until he fin safe little cubby hole and settles himself under the ligh the signed photos of the BOYS in front of him and, adjust fashioned pair of glasses, ball-point pen in hand begins BOYS' signatures on to the fresh photos, tutting at his f chuckling at his successes. After a moment, there is a so coming down the stairs. GRANDFATHER darts into a dark pat sight. The menacing shadows appear on the stairway. NORM (voice off) There's no one here. SHAKE (voice off) This is the only way they could have gone. We now see GRANDFATHER holding himself stiffly in, he is of raised platform and he fidgets and in doing so he knoc some sort. Slowly GRANDFATHER ascends out of shot with a grows bigger above him.
0) 500) dialog: Oh they've probably gone to the canteen, cup of tea, like.
0) 503) dialog: You're imagining it. You're letting things prey on your mind.
0) 505) dialog: But John hasn't got any.
0) 507) dialog: Nerves.
0) 512) dialog: Hiding.
0) 548) dialog: I'm an electrician, not a wet nurse, y'know.
0) 550) dialog: (hastily) Oh, anything you say, Paul. He leads GRANDFATHER away. The BOYS are placed in position, instruments ready. The b near them. There is a mike hovering just over JOHN'S head attacking it. DIRECTOR'S VOICE (over Tannoy Run through the number and try not to jiggle out of your positions. The BOYS start the number, as the stage hands adjust thei When they've finished, they stand about spare.
0) 569) dialog: You blinked!
0) 571) dialog: Hello, he's not talking to me. He's having a sulk.
0) 618) dialog: I'm adjusting the decibels on the inbalance.
0) 784) dialog: (unconvincingly) They'll be back, they're good lads, they'll be back.
1) 81) dialog: ... as they head up for the show. Oh yes, well I mean it'ud be a pity to miss the show, wouldn't it like.
1) 86) dialog: (helping out) ... tea in China. Oh you're right, neither would I. He steps away from NORM and stands near the DIRECTOR.
1) 88) dialog: Of course. At this moment JOHN, GEORGE and PAUL enter from the stage are completely unconcerned and walk past the DIRECTOR, SH
1) 97) dialog: Eh, there's only three of them.