1) 0) text: Conor gets out to the backgarden to where the clothes are hanging to look for a clean pair of socks but all the clo are wet. He takes a wet pair of socks and goes back into house. INT. CONOR’S Kitchen - MomenTS LATER Conor stuffs the WASHING MACHINE with LAUNDRY, over-filli it, but shutting it all in the door. 10 InT. conor’S BEDROOM - momeNTS LATER 10 Conor pulls the duvet over his bed so it’s made, if quite messy. (Clumsily hiding the wrinkles of the duvet under t cushions) 11 10. Int. conor’s house upstairs hallway - momENTS LATER 11 Conor looks at his Mum’s bedroom (the door is closed) and then over the top of the stairs. Down in the kitchen, we hear the faint sounds of a WOMAN on her phone. This is GRANDMA (mid-50s, crisp, professional, VERY ungrandmother Conor only sees the top of her head as she exits, still i her coat, still on her phone, scolding someone sternly. W don't see her face in these scenes. She also is clearly making an attempt to keep her voice down. GrANDMA (into phone) Because I’ve got three showings today, that’s why. I’m not responsible for your sick Weimaraner- He steps back so she won’t see him. We only catch a glimp of her as she leaves. He waits a beat, then starts down the stairs, but she re- enters, carrying bags of groceries, still on the phone. C freezes. Grandma stops in the hall, angry at something th been said. GranDMA (CONT'D) (into phone) How dare you throw that in my face? Do you have any idea what-? (beat, listens, gathers self, still angry, whispers fiercely) Now, you listen to me, Marcus, I know full well you’ve covered for me- Storms into kitchen. We hear her still talking. Conor wai nervous. She exits the kitchen again, still whispering.
1) 8) dialog: Yes Mum. Mum reaches for the BROOM.. MuM (sighs) I’m sorry I wasn’t up. ConoR It’s okay. Mum You know, it’s just this new round of- Conor It’s okay. Mum is surprised at strength of his interruption, but she lets it pass. She turns to the groceries and the box. MuM (caught) Your grandma’s coming to stay with us tomorrow for a few days.
1) 9) dialog: Aw, mum. We don’t need her here- 18.
1) 11) dialog: We've been okay every time before- Mum You shouldn’t have to make yourself breakfast every morning-
1) 12) dialog: I'm fine-
1) 14) dialog: Frases Conor complaining Beat, as it’s Conor’s turn to be shocked at the interrupt Mum, exhausted, smiles again. Mum (CONT'D) Only a few days, I promise. That’s all I can take, too. Like living with your boss. (laughs ) She's going to bring me a box full of wigs she got somewhere, if you can believe it. Be lucky if I don’t end up looking like a zombie Lady Gaga. Conor is relaxing, the atmosphere improving. Mum regards for a moment, then ruffles his hair.
1) 29) dialog: I don’t need your help.
1) 31) dialog: That’s not my problem.
1) 34) dialog: (long beat) What are we supposed to do with it? Mum I wish you could have met him. Even your grandma softened up around him. By the way, she is coming to stay with us tomorrow for a few days.
1) 35) dialog: Aw, mum. We don’t need her here-
1) 37) dialog: We've been okay every time before- Mum You shouldn’t have to make yourself breakfast every morning-
1) 38) dialog: I'm fine-
1) 40) dialog: Conor's a bit shocked at the strength of the interruption Mum is, too. Exhausted, she smiles again. Mum (CONT'D) Only a few days, I promise. That’s all I can take, too. Like living with your boss. She laughs. Conor tries to, too. 30.
1) 44) dialog: (moans ) You didn’t say it was black and white.
1) 46) dialog: Mum.
1) 57) dialog: You okay? Mum I’m kind of used to it by now. Sorry I dozed off during the film. You should be asleep, too. ConoR I was. I am. She sees his desklamp still on. She goes over and picks u the sketchpad, including the nightmare drawing. Conor is alarmed. Mum sits down on the bed next to him and looks through his Kong sketches.
1) 70) dialog: I said, come and get me then. The monster roars terrifyingly. Conor hides at one side o his desk and puts his hands over his ears at the sheer vo of the Monster’s voice.
1) 72) dialog: (surprisingly defiant) You leave her alone! I’m not afraid of you! A beat, as the monster, impossibly, looks surprised- And disappears.
1) 75) text: 3G In the Monster’s grasp, Conor can barely breathe, but looks surprisingly defiant. The Monster stops, perplexed. The Monster gets an angry look.
1) 77) dialog: (scared now) What are you talking about?
1) 79) dialog: No. No way-
1) 81) dialog: Called you? I didn’t call you-
1) 83) dialog: And if I don’t? Its mouth ROARS impossibly wide, and hundreds of branches emerge from it like tentacles trying to reach Conor’s fac Cut TO: Omitted 45.
3) 0) text: This LEADS ON TO THE RAILWAY LINE, but a LOCK on the GATE has long since broken. The gate is slouched open. Conor approaches, all the time watching the tree on the hilltop. He gets to the gate, stepping slightly through, on the open half. A WIND rustles the top of the yew tree. It also RUSTLES CONOR’S HAIR. Do we hear a whisper? Is a voice saying, “Conor...” Conor pulls the gate shut firmly, still watching the tree The wind dies. Mum (0.S.) Conor? He turns at the call from his mum. 29 59. InT. conor’S KITCHEN/sittinG ROOM - the NEXT DAY 29 Conor enters through the kitchen and sees his GRANDMA (mi 50s, crisp, professional, VERY ungrandmotherly) standing her back turned to him in the sitting room. Mum, red scar tied around her head, sits on the couch looking into a bo She glances up and sees Conor, causing GRANDMA to turn. Grandma (crisp, not entirely friendly) Ah, there’s the little man. Mum (still looking in box) Jesus, Ma, let him have a childhood first. (pulls out a terrible wig) Where did you say you got these? GrandMA Clearance of a very nice old people’s home. They’re turning it into flats and I’1l be the agent. Mum gives Conor a look of comical horror Grandma can’t se Conor smiles. Grandma looks to see if she’s being made fu of, but Mum’s face immediately goes serious again. GranDMA (CONT'D) They’re clean.
3) 6) dialog: I'm making tea. GraNDMA (snapping) We have to- (beat, gathers herself) I’m not your enemy, Conor. I’m here to help your mother. 62.
3) 7) dialog: I know why you’re here. He grabs a cloth and starts furiously wiping the counter. Grandma snatches the cloth out of his hand. To his surpri he sees that her hands are shaking.
3) 10) dialog: She's always sick after the treatments. She’ll be better tomorrow. And then you can go home. Grandma doesn’t answer, just rubs her face, then her arms keeping strong emotions in check. This is a woman whose daughter may be dying, after all. Conor is so unsettled, he grabs another cloth and starts the counter again.
3) 12) dialog: Yes, she will. “You go through the rough stuff but it’s for a good reason.” That’s what she says. Grandma clearly wants to say much more but can’t or won't
3) 14) dialog: Talk to me about what?
3) 16) dialog: I’m never coming to live with you.
3) 18) dialog: There’s no if. She’ll feel better and then you can leave-
3) 35) dialog: (turns back, angry) What do you know about anything?
3) 37) dialog: No, you don’t. If you did, you'd know I don’t have time to listen to stupid stories from a stupid tree that isn’t even real.
3) 39) dialog: Who cares if they were! They were berries. Ohhh, so scary, save me from the berries!
3) 41) dialog: You're as old as the land and you’ve never heard of sarcasm? The monster doesn’t know how to answer that. ConOR (CONT'D) (giving up) Never mind... I saw you when I was talking to my grandma, and I thought... MonsteR You thought I came to topple your enemies. Slay your dragons. Conor frowns. This is obviously true. ConOR Or at least help me with my grandmother. But all you want to do is tell me stupid stories.
3) 44) dialog: Nothing. There are leaves in the way.
3) 46) dialog: I see a spark.
3) 48) dialog: No, it’s water. It’s watercolour.
3) 60) dialog: But... but you said he asked you for help and you gave it!
3) 62) dialog: What did he say then?
3) 66) dialog: So the good prince was a murderer and the evil queen wasn’t a witch after all? The Monster begins to rumble, louder and louder, until we realise it’s laughing, a laugh that shakes the earth, spooking owls from their perches, causing leaves to fall. MonSTER (calming some) No, the Queen most certainly was a witch and could well have been on her way to great evil. Who can say? ConOR Why’d you save her then? MonSTER Because what she was not, was a murderer. She hadn’t poisoned the king. He had merely grown old. ConOR I don’t get it. Who’s the good guy here?
3) 69) dialog: So how is that supposed to save me from her?
3) 73) dialog: I was doing just fine before you screwed everything up.
3) 75) dialog: No one knew, Lily. No one. And then your mum tells you and then guess what? Suddenly everybody knows-
3) 77) dialog: (over) -and now they all treat me like I’m the sick one or that I’m not really there or... He stops, choked up, angry about it. He takes off again, leaving Lily behind. 58 102. InT. Physical Social and Education CLASS - day - later 58 Mr. Clark is patrolling the classroom. Total silence, all pupils concentrated on their papers.
3) 84) dialog: What-
3) 86) dialog: Dad's coming? From America?
3) 88) dialog: Why is my dad coming?
3) 91) dialog: (skeptical) Uh-huh. Mum turns and smiles at him, exhausted, setting down the finished sketch. Conor gives a horrified look at the wig her head. She laughs.
3) 93) dialog: I don’t really know who that is.
3) 96) dialog: Then why is dad coming? Mum pauses in the hair stroking, but picks right back up.
3) 98) dialog: Grandma doesn’t seem too happy.
3) 100) dialog: There's something else, isn’t there? Mum quickly, forcefully, cuts off his worry. MuM Look at me, son. He does. Mum (CONT'D) The latest treatment’s not doing what it’s supposed to. So they’re going to adjust it, try something else. That’s all. ConoR That’s all? 112.
3) 102) dialog: You're sure?
3) 104) dialog: Because... You could tell me, you know. And here’s the moment, where she could tell him everythin But she can’t, not yet. She leans shoulder.
3) 108) dialog: Get in. 69 70 118. InT. grandma’s TV room - momentS LATER 70 Conor in a sterile TV room, eating the cookies. Only dull channels (BBC, Living) are available. Every channel he wa to watch blocked by a PIN code. 71 119. InT. grandma’s guEST ROOM - momENTS LATER 71 Conor opens the door to his temporary bedroom. His suitca is open, clothes removed, but the room is bright white, pictures of sailboats on the wall. It could be a hotel ro 72 120. EXT. grandma’s back garden - momentS LATER 72 Conor steps out into his Grandma’s back garden which has green space at all, just stone paths, sheds and an office she’s had built in the back. No hilltop on the horizon. No tree to be seen anywhere. 73 121. InT. grandma's CORRIDOR, upstairs - momenTS LATER 73 Conor climbs the steep steps up to the door of Grandma’s conversion. It’s locked. He can’t believe it. He tries to look through the keyhole, but can only see glimpses of a room inside. Then Conor JUMPS at the sound of the DOORBELL. He hurries down the stairs to... 74 122. InT. granDMA’S FRONT HALLWAY - conTINUOUS 74 ...-the front door. He opens it on: HIS DAD, late thirtie handsome, slightly too boyish for his own good. Conor’s gives him a genuinely free smile. 75 123. InT. CHINESE Restaurant - later that EVENING 75 Conor and his Dad sit at a table, waiting for their food. has a glass of RED WINE, Conor a clear soft drink. Dad is quite sure how to talk to this son he doesn’t see very of His accent is HALF-IRISH/HALF-AMERICAN.
3) 113) dialog: I'm fine. Mum’s on this new medicine. It'll make her better. Why is everyone acting like she’s... He stops. Takes a drink.
3) 115) dialog: Grandma. Wants me to come live with her.
3) 117) dialog: If.
3) 119) dialog: But that’s not going to happen.
3) 121) dialog: You talk like American television. Dad takes this in good humour.
3) 123) dialog: Half-sister.
3) 126) dialog: (suspicious) But... you mean... just for a visit, then.
3) 128) dialog: I don’t want to live with Grandma. It’s an old lady’s house. (MORE )
3) 130) dialog: You can’t touch anything or sit anywhere and you can’t leave a mess for even two seconds.
3) 132) dialog: I don’t want to be comfortable! I want my own room in my own house.
3) 134) dialog: Unfair to who?
3) 138) dialog: She says you’re all start and no finish.
3) 140) dialog: How long are you here for?
3) 142) dialog: How much is that?
3) 144) dialog: You’re not American.
3) 146) dialog: Why did you come then?
3) 149) dialog: (again) Why did you come? Dad doesn’t answer. Reaches out to put a hand shoulder, but Conor avoids it and gets out of
4) 0) text: We hear Conor come in the front door. He enters the sitti room, slumping down unhappily on the settee. He takes off his coat, but ends up fighting with the slee He stands, getting frustrated, eventually throwing the co to the floor. He stands there, breathing, on the verge of letting all his bottled up anger go. Almost absentmindedly, he kicks his rucksack (set against settee). It spills open, dumping his sketchpad, which ope at a drawing of the swallowing hole and the face looking back. Enraged, he tears the picture out and rips it in tw throwing the pieces into the sitting room. He’s still angry, and it’s growing, not abating. It feels strangely good. He flexes his fists, anger still fizzing. Suddenly, BONG! BONG! The precious CLOCK starts striking 9 o'clock hour. Conor approaches it. It chimes away, the pendulum swingin Still edgy, Conor grabs it mid-swing. The bongs continue, the clock makes a groaning sound. Holding the pendulum in place, Conor starts pushing the d of the clock around. They resist at first, but he pushes harder and faster, until they’re spinning around the face The BONGs groan alarmingly as he passes each hour, but he keeps going, faster and faster, until- SNAP! The second hand breaks in two in his grip. Oh, no. Conor comes to his senses, realises what he’s don The clock is broken, really broken, frozen in place. He’s doomed, and so horrified he doesn’t register that th now non-moving hands have stopped at 12.07. MonSTER (0.S.) As destruction goes, this is remarkably pitiful. Conor turns and sees that somehow, impossibly, the Monste in his Grandma’s sitting room. It fills up all available space, folding its massive form into every corner, its he bumping the ceiling. Conor looks back at the clock, frantic now.
4) 5) dialog: The what? MonSTER (v.0.) An old-fashioned named for pharmacist or chemist. CONOR (v.0.) Oh. Why didn’t you just say? The Apothecary digs up roots and picks leaves and herbs. MONSTER (v.O.) The Apothecary dealt in the old ways of medicine. Herbs and roots. Concoctions brewed from berries and leaves. 131. CONOR (v.0.) Dad’s new wife does that. She owns a shop that sells crystals.
4) 8) dialog: I’ll bet he had room for them in his house... We move forward and CLOSE ON: 134. 81 ExT. secOND TALE HILLTOP - DAY - conTINUOUS 81 The Apothecary, watching the yew tree intently. Monster (V.O.) Now, the Apothecary wanted the parson’s yew tree very badly. Conor (v.0O.) He did? Why? Monster (v.O.) (surprised) The yew tree is the most important of all the healing trees. Its berries, its bark, they burn and twist with life. It can cure almost any ailment, if mixed by the right apothecary, of course. ConOR (v.0.) (thinking) Really? The Apothecary looks enviously at the tree. MonSTEr (V.O.) In order to use the tree, though, the Apothecary would have to cut it down, and this the Parson would not allow. The PARSON comes out warningly; the Apothecary leaves.
4) 13) dialog: Good! He deserves all the punishment he gets!
4) 16) dialog: So? So would everybody! What did you expect him to do?
4) 24) dialog: Smash their furniture! The Monster stomps on the parsonage’s furniture.
4) 25) dialog: Break their windows! The Monster doesn’t, but steps back and gestures to the window as if in invitation.
4) 29) dialog: (wary) Grandma? Grandma takes her hands away from her mouth and she screa It’s wordless and furious. She screams again, stepping in the sitting room. Conor thinks she might going to attack and surprisingly, puts up his fists, ready to fight- But she heads for the one last remaining display cabinet, puts her hands behind it and takes one, two, three pushes send it crashing to the ground. 144. She leans forward, gasping, ragged, her face broken with anguish. Then she leaves the sitting room without another word. Conor stands there, beyond shocked. 145. 89-89A InT. grandma’s DRIVEWAY/upstairs - momenTS LATER 8 Conor slowly approaches his Grandma’s loft (the locked on The light is on underneath the door. He can hear her in there, weeping. He stays outside, not knowing what to do. 90 146. InT. grandma’s guest room - the next morning 90 Conor lies awake in bed. It’s the morning after. It looks like he hasn't slept. He hears footsteps around the house then the front door slamming. He gets up. 91 147. InT. grandma's stairwell - momentS LATER 91 Conor comes slowly down the stairway, but the house seems be empty. He glances in the sitting room. Someone has mad futile effort to clean it a bit. He heads into: 148. 92 InT. grandma's kitchen - conTINUOUS 92 Where to his astonishment, Dad is cooking breakfast. Dad I know you like ‘em scrambled. ConoR What are you doing here?
4) 37) dialog: (beat, taking the blame) Because mum got pregnant with me.
4) 39) dialog: Why did she marry you then? 153.
4) 41) dialog: You didn’t get happily ever after.
4) 46) dialog: The day after tomorrow? Why? Dad Remember when your step-mum called? The baby’s sick. Probably nothing serious, but Stephanie went a bit crazy and took her to hospital... He falters.
4) 47) dialog: Are you coming back?
4) 50) dialog: (carefully) Does that mean it’s too late?
4) 52) dialog: Are you sure?
4) 54) dialog: (to himself) “Belief is half of healing.”
4) 58) dialog: Why not? You said the yew tree was a tree of healing.
4) 60) dialog: Is that a yes? MonSTER You still don’t know why you called me. It’s not as if I do this every day, Conor O'Malley.
4) 61) dialog: I didn’t call you. And even if I did, it was obviously for my mum.
4) 63) dialog: Why else? To listen to idiotic stories that make no sense?
4) 67) dialog: For God's sake, not this again- The Monster leans suddenly forward. MOnSTER You know of what I speak. Conor looks up as the SOUNDS FROM HIS NIGHTMARE start. Th camera spins around him as the scene melts away. The wall the garden grow blacker, the sounds of screaming start to rise, dust and debris flying around him. ConOR No! No, not this! The wind rising. The distant SCREAMING is heard ("Conor!” ConOR (CONT'D) No! Please! The garden is suddenly as it was before. Conor is shaken. ConOR (CONT'D) That’s not my truth. That’s just a nightmare. MonSTER Nevertheless, this is what will happen after the third tale. The Monster stands. Grandma's office groans in relief.
4) 68) dialog: I want to know what’s going to happen with my mum.
4) 70) dialog: Wait!
4) 72) dialog: If you’re a tree of healing, then I need you to heal! 161.
4) 74) dialog: To school.
4) 76) dialog: Grandma? Your seatbelt? She absentmindedly buckles it. Conor is concerned. 164. 102A Int. Grandma's sitting room / kitchen - DAY 102A From the kitchen, Conor observes his grandma in the sitti room as she wonders amid the destruction. 165. 103 ExT. schooL ENTRANCE /GRANDMA'S YARD - momentS LATER Grandma drops Conor off. He walks away, watching her go w a concerned, confused look. 104 166. InT. physical social and education class - later 104 Conor sits at his desk, ignoring the lesson again, distur about his Grandma. He sees HARRY studying him. They excha a look, but no words. He ignores LILY. 167. 105-105AINT./EXT. granDMA’S GUESTROOM/ BACK GARDEN - niGH Conor sits in the dark in a lawn chair, wrapped in a blan He checks the clock on his phone. It switches from 12.07 12.08. No monster. Suddenly, a LIGHT comes on from the house, REFLECTING on back garden. Conor turns and looks up. His Grandma is in locked room. 106 168. InT. grandma’s CORRIDOR/ UPSTAIRS - night 106 Conor waits down the hallway, “spying” on his Grandma, watching the light come out of the loft room. He hides be a corner of his bedroom door. His Grandma leaves the room her arms full of papers. Conor ducks into the darkness of room as she passes. A paper drifts down to the floor as she does. Looking out from the crack of his dark bedroom door, he can see that a DRAWING OF HIS OWN. What’s she doing with that? He makes to reach out and tak it, but Grandma is there first, picking it up and walking the TV ROOM with it. She shuts this door behind her. 169. 106A Conor watches her, confused. Conor goes to the TV RO again and listens, hearing his own voice again. This time he OPENS THE DOOR QUIETLY. 107 170. int. grandma’s tV ROOM - momENTS LATER 107 Conor stops by the open door of the TV room. His Grandma, back to him, is watching TV. We can see the PILE OF HOMEM DVDs his father found sitting next to the television. One open.
4) 83) dialog: She's going to get better. They’re giving her this new medicine and she'll come home. It’s the whole reason. It has to be.
4) 85) dialog: So you just go back to LA, go back to your other family- Dad Conor, this new medicine your mum's taking-
4) 86) dialog: It’s going to make her well. Beat, as Dad makes the important decision.
4) 88) dialog: Yes, it is.
4) 90) dialog: It’ll heal her. I know it. I’m telling you, it’s the whole reason it came- DaD Reason what came? What are you talking about?
4) 91) dialog: (hastily, clinging desperately to hope) The monster! It comes every night. It’s a tree that turns into a monster at 12.07- dad Conor... What?
4) 92) dialog: At first I thought it was a dream but there’s always berries and leaves and stuff when I wake up- dad Conor.
4) 93) dialog: (even louder) And I’ve got one story to go and then I’ve got to tell my own and I think that’s when it’s going to heal her- dad Conor, stop this! Conor finally stops. Looks, upset, at his father. Dad put hands on Conor’s shoulders to talk to him, gently. Dad (CONT'D) I don’t know what this dream is, Conor, but that’s all it is. A dream. I’m sorry. You shouldn’t have to face this, but not every story has a happy ending. Conor starts at this. He knows not every story does.
4) 95) dialog: (like he’s realising something) (MORE )
4) 99) dialog: (beat) I hope your baby is okay.
4) 101) dialog: You don’t have to.
4) 103) dialog: (shrugs ) Just... you don’t have to. Dad has no answer. His son is giving him permission to le him behind. He hugs Conor, but doesn’t contradict him.
4) 111) dialog: (to Monster w/o turning) What did the invisible man do?
4) 118) dialog: It wasn’t me. It was the Monster. 196. 123B Int. SchoOL CAFETERIA - DAY 123B FLASH: Conor beating Harry, the Monster echoing his actions behind him.
4) 128) dialog: (as if to himself) But how can it not be working?
4) 135) dialog: I’m going to get something to eat. Grandma nods and Conor leaves... 129 205. InT. hoSPITAL CORRIDOR - conTINUOUS 129 .--but as we follow him out of the room, he starts walkin down the corridor, then faster, then faster, until he’s finally RUNNING AS FAST AS HE CAN- 206. 130 ExT. hospital entrance conTINUOUS 130 «+.OUT OF THE HOSPITAL. 207.
5) 5) dialog: It didn’t work! You said the yew tree would make her better, but it didn’t!
5) 7) dialog: Fix her! Make her better!
5) 9) dialog: (still attacking) What’s the use of you if you can’t? Just stupid stories and getting me into trouble and everyone treat me like I’ve got a disease- 216. The Monster kneels down, hands on either side of Conor.
5) 11) dialog: If I called you, it was to save her! It was to heal her!
5) 13) dialog: Me? I don’t need... My mum’s the one who... But the weight of the Monster's words are too much. Beat, ConOR (CONT'D) Ahhhhhh! (quietly) Help me. as the Monster takes in a breath. MonSTER It is time... for the fourth tale. Conor’s eyes widen in horror, but before he can speak, th world has changed: 133 217. ExT. the fourth tale nightmare - AFTERNOON - contINUOUS 1 Conor and the Monster are on a dark, barren stretch of ground. An evil place, in the blackest night. The sounds Conor’s nightmare rise again - the blowing wind, the fain rumblings. The Monster stands over Conor, but is dangerous-looking a sinister, the branches from its body are unraveling beyon in gnarls, its eyes changed to a merciless blankness. ConOR No! Please! Get me out of here! MonSTER (scarier than ever) There will be no more delays. It is time for you to tell the fourth tale.
5) 14) dialog: I don’t know any tales! I have to get back to my Mum! The Monster looks past Conor.
5) 16) dialog: No! Mum! Get out of here! Mum I'm fine, darling. There’s nothing to worry about.
5) 17) dialog: Mum, run! Please, run! Mum But there’s nothing to worry! But there’s a terrible sound, a distant ROARING, as of something impossibly big. Mum (CONT'D) (troubled) Conor? OVERHEAD SHOT - high above, we see Conor and the Monster, distant from Mum. 218. Behind her, in a large circle she stands on the edge of, GROUND BEGINS TO COLLAPSE AWAY, almost like a whirlpool, whipping everything into it, along with blackness and dus ConOR Mum! MUM! He starts to run for her. The ground continues to collaps around her until- Mum Conor! It collapses right BELOW HER, dropping her into the gapin swirling hole. She grabs on to the edge- But can’t hold on- Until Conor reaches her, grabbing onto her, holding her there. Here it is. Conor’s WORST NIGHTMARE. The thing he is most afraid of in the world. The winds shrieking and howling around them, swirling into the hole.
5) 18) dialog: 
5) 20) dialog: Help me! I can’t hold on to her! MuM Conor! I’m slipping!
5) 21) dialog: 
5) 23) text: But it’s getting too much. She’s too heavy. The Monster approaches, unraveled and huge and terrifying. MOnSTER Here is the fourth tale. ConOR Shut up! Help me!
5) 25) dialog: No! Help me! She's pulling away from his hands, from his fingers. He's trying, trying- Mum Conor! ConOR NO! Mum— But she falls. The hole takes her and she falls, falls, falls away, her white dress a light in the darkness. Conor watches her fa He turns back to the Monster anguished, the swirling dark behind him. THIS IS THE IMAGE HE DREW ON HIS SKETCHPAD. The blackness and furious winds abate, until there’s only quiet. ConOR (CONT'D) (angry, frightened) This is when I wake up. This is when I always wake up. MonSTER The tale is not yet told.
5) 26) dialog: Get me out of here. I need to see my mum!
5) 28) dialog: This is just a nightmare. This isn’t the truth. 220. The Monster leans forward, scaring Conor into falling bac
5) 30) dialog: Let me go!
5) 33) dialog: (quietly) No. I can’t.
5) 35) dialog: I can't. There’s a sudden note of kindness in the Monster’s voice.
5) 37) dialog: (shaking his head) Please-
5) 41) dialog: No!
5) 43) dialog: It’ll kill me if I do!
5) 46) dialog: No.
5) 48) dialog: No!
5) 51) dialog: wooooo!
5) 55) dialog: And I started to think how much I wanted it to be over. I couldn’t stand how alone it made me feel.
5) 58) dialog: I didn’t mean it, though! And now it’s for real! Now she’s going to die and it’s all my fault!
5) 60) dialog: I didn’t mean it.
5) 62) dialog: How can both be true?
5) 67) dialog: Because what I thought was so wrong- 225.
5) 69) dialog: I’m so tired. So tired of all of this.
5) 73) dialog: He stands, bracing himself, but when she reaches him she grabs him in a hug so vigorous they almost tumble over. She releases him and, being who she is, starts shouting.