3) 109) dialog: How you hanging in there, champ? ConOR “Champ”?
3) 110) dialog: Sorry. America is almost a whole different language. Dad fidgets with his wine glass. Conor drums lightly with chopsticks. Dad (CONT'D) Your mom seemed pretty good tonight. A real fighter, that one. Conor shrugs.
3) 111) dialog: You look tired, Con. How are you holding up? ConOR That's like the eight hundredth time you've asked me that.
3) 112) dialog: Sorry.
3) 114) dialog: “Everyone”?
3) 116) dialog: You mean when your mum- 124.
3) 118) dialog: (takes the correction) If your mum...
3) 120) dialog: Still. You’re going to need to be brave for her. You’re going to need to be real, real brave.
3) 122) dialog: Your sister’s doing well. Almost sitting up by herself.
3) 124) dialog: I can’t wait for you to meet her. I've been talking to your grandma about getting you out to LA. Conor looks up surprised and with nascent hope. ConOR You want me to come to LA?
3) 125) dialog: Absolutely! Would you like that? I was thinking maybe over Christmas, so we can get you back in time for school... Dad smiles, pleased he’s connected. Then he blows it.
3) 127) dialog: Yeah, it'll be great... Beat as he realizes that’s not what Conor was hoping for.
3) 131) dialog: We can talk to her about that. I’m sure there are plenty of ways to make you comfortable-
3) 133) dialog: (wincing) You wouldn’t have that in America. We barely have room for the three of us. Besides, your school is here, your life is here. It’d be unfair to take you out of it.
3) 135) dialog: (sighing) This is what I meant. When I said you were going to have to be brave. conor (pouring cold water) Can we talk about the visit when mum gets better? Dad, resigned, can’t find the strength to talk to Conor honestly. Gives in.
3) 136) dialog: Of course, champ. That’s exactly what we'll do. A WAITRESS sets their meals down in front of them. Neithe them make a move to eat. 76 126. ExT. Grandma’s House - later that EVENING 76 Conor and his Dad pull up outside his Grandma’s house in father’s rental car. Dad Doesn't look like your Grandma's home yet. ConOR She sometimes goes back to the hospital after I go to bed. The nurses let her sleep in a chair.
3) 137) dialog: Your Grandma may not like me much, but that doesn’t mean she’s a bad lady.
3) 139) dialog: (laughs, wounded) That might be true.
3) 141) dialog: As long as I can.
3) 143) dialog: (sighing) We don’t have a ton of money. And Americans don’t get much holiday.
3) 145) dialog: But I live there now. You’re the one who made fun of my accent all night.
3) 147) dialog: Because your Mum asked me to. as seriousness of this is absorbed. Dad (CONT'D) I’1l come back, though. You know, when I need to. And you'll visit us at Christmas! ConOR In your cramped house, where there’s no room for me.
3) 148) dialog: Conor-
3) 150) dialog: (through open door) Conor, wait. I’1l see you tomorrow, yeah? There’s still plenty of time. 127. on Conor's the car. Conor doesn’t really believe this. He shuts the car door. 77 128.
4) 30) dialog: What do you think? He motions for Conor to sit at the table, then dishes up plates, sets one in front of Conor and sits down himself. They eat in silence, Conor just playing at his food. Dad (CONT'D) That was quite a mess you made. Conor says nothing.
4) 31) dialog: She called me this morning. Very, very early. (beat, it’s not what we expect) Your mum’s taken a turn, Conor. Your Grandma's gone to hospital. Conor looks up.
4) 32) dialog: We agreed I would drop you off at school- ConOR School!? I want to see mum!
4) 33) dialog: It’s no place for a kid right now, Conor. We’ll see how the day goes and maybe we can visit for a little while this afternoon. Conor looks down at his breakfast, no longer hungry. DaD (CONT'D) Hey, remember what I said about you being brave? Well, now’s the time you have to do it, Con. (nods to sitting room, thoughtful) I can see how upset you are. ConOR I didn’t mean to. I don’t know what happened. 149.
4) 34) dialog: Worse things happen at sea. ConOR What do you mean? Aren’t you going to punish me? DaD (sighing) What could possibly be the point of that, Con? Conor looks surprised, perhaps even displeased. Dad watch him look distraught. Dad (CONT'D) You know what? Maybe you don’t have to go to school today. 93 150. EXT. football pitch (AMUSEMENT PARK) - day - later 93 Conor and his Dad kick a football around, serious at firs but then Conor starts to lighten up at his father’s teasi They laugh at their mistakes, cheer good moves. It’s a montage of joy, a glimpse of the boy Conor actually is. D is quite boyish, too. Dad scores a goal and celebrates li kid, hands over head, while Conor laughs. Dad watches this closely, like he’s just realized that th boy smiling before him is his son. 94 151. EXT. carpark (AMUSEMENT PARK) - day - later 94 Conor sits in his Dad’s car while Dad is on a mobile phon outside. We can’t hear Dad, but he doesn’t look very happ He hangs up, frustrated, gets back in the car. ConoR Is mum okay? DaD (blinks) That was your stepmom back in LA. And yeah, everything’s fine. Now, we've got some cleaning up to do. Conor doesn’t believe him as they pull away. 95 152. InT. graNDMA’S SITTING ROOM - lATER 95 Conor and Dad put broken things into bin liners. Dad (amazed) Gotta say, Champ, this is really just amazingly thorough. Conor doesn’t answer, just puts more trash in a bin liner sees something, picks it up. It’s the torn image of his nightmare drawing. He’s mesmerised by it. Dad (0.S.) (CONT'D) Ooh, buried treasure. Conor turns to his father. He’s holding some old homemade DVDs. He reads through the labels.
4) 35) dialog: It’s all those old home movies your mum used to send to me of you when I moved away. Guess your grandma got copies, too. He carefully sets them on the mantelpiece. ConOR (shy) Why did you move away? Dad sighs.
4) 36) dialog: You have no idea how young we were, Con. We had all these dreams, big, foolish ones that your grandma didn’t approve of. And then... we changed.
4) 38) dialog: (comforting) Hey, hey, hey. You were only ever good news. Your mum never regretted having you. I know that for a fact. (rueful smile) Because she’s always saying how much she regretted marrying me.
4) 40) dialog: My devilish good looks. No, we had a lot in common. Our lives, our future. Your mum was amazing. Still is. (sighing) But we grew apart. Your Grandma was kind of supporting us then and insisting we be more practical and I... I was maybe less amazing than I should have been. We were just so young. Too young.
4) 42) dialog: That's life, though. Most of us just get messily ever after. Dad sees Conor’s torn drawing and picks it up, impressed. Dad (CONT'D) Even I’m happy you take after her. (beat) Shall we go see how things are at the hospital? 154. 96-96A EXT./InT. hospitaL corridor - later 96-96A Conor sits in the waiting area outside his Mum’s hospital room. GRANDMA sits in a chair, pointedly away from Conor, looking at him. He doesn’t approach her. The hospital room DOOR opens and a LAWYER steps out, putt away some papers that Conor’s parents have clearly just signed. DAD sees the Lawyer out the door, holds up a “one second” finger to Conor. Closes the door. Grandma stands as the Lawyer approaches. They clearly hav business together. Conor watches them go. Then he hears voices arguing within the hospital room. MuM (0.S.) (muffled) Bad show, Callum. Again. Dad (0.S.) (muffled) You're changing the argument, Lizzie- His curiosity getting the best of him, Conor rises, pushe the door open and...
4) 45) dialog: I’ve got some bad news, Con. I have to fly back tomorrow.
4) 48) dialog: (firmly) Yes. Yes, I am. Sunday after next, so not even two weeks. (beat) Your grandma's paying for the ticket. Which is... fun. Mum laughs, despite herself. She makes eyes for Dad to le DaD (CONT'D) I’m going to see about finding some food. You want anything, sport? ConOR I want you to stop calling me “sport”. Dad laughs. Mum laughs, too, then coughs. It sounds ugly. makes his exit to let them talk. 156. Mum pats the bed for him to sit. Conor does. She ruffles hair. He notices the tubes and bruises on her arm. Mum I know. Not my favourite way to spend a day either. ConOR Are you okay? What happened this morning? Mum I had a bit of a bad reaction, sweetheart. Not what they were hoping for. Here it is. Here’s the bad news. But once again-
4) 81) dialog: I'll be back. I will, I promise. Conor says nothing. Dad (CONT'D) And you'll come for Christmas in LA! That’1l be fun- ConOR I don’t want to leave Mum on her own for Christmas. Dad stops walking. Conor looks up at him. It’s almost a challenge to contradict him.
4) 82) dialog: Conor-
4) 84) dialog: Reason for what?
4) 87) dialog: No, Conor. It probably isn’t.
4) 89) dialog: It’s a last ditch effort, son. She's too weak. She keeps getting infections- 178.
4) 94) dialog: This is what I meant when I said you were going to have to be brave. Long pause.
4) 96) text: You've never seen a monster, have you? Dad stares back, concerned.
4) 97) dialog: Oh, I’ve seen plenty. 179. 180. 111 ExT. grandma’s driveway - morning 111 Conor's Dad hugs him goodbye. DaD I‘ll be back as soon as I can. ConoR What if it’s not fast enough?
4) 98) dialog: We'll Skype. And I’m only ever a phone call away.
4) 100) dialog: Your half-sister. And thank you. (beat) Conor, listen, I-
4) 102) dialog: (confused) I don’t have to what?
4) 104) dialog: Back as soon as I can. Conor makes a sad little wave at him, then turns his back go inside. Fade to bLACK. 181. Nightmare The nightmare sounds rise again, screaming, yelling, crescendo to- CuT TO: MUSIC RISES. A montage of days passing: 182. 112-112AInt./EXT. GranDMA’S SITTING ROOM/DRIVEWAY - day 1 Conor, almost angrily, packs away all the rubbish bags he his father have collected, stuffing them into the bin outside. 113 183. InT. hospital room - day 113 Conor sits in a corner chair while, out of focus, FRIENDS HIS MUM visit her. Lily’s mum is one of them, and she’s there, too. Conor ignores her, playing on his phone inste 114 184. InT. SHOP ROAD - DAY 114 Conor stops by the shop window again, but the case of coloured pencils has been replaced by something else. He sighs and walks on. 185. InT. phySICAL SOCIAL AND EDUCATION CLASS - dAY 115 Conor sits at his desk, drawing on his SKETCHPAD and igno the lesson. Ms. Kwan lectures about BULLYING on the Powerpoint (along with, ironically, a sign that reads “Th school operates a zero-tolerance anti-bullying policy”). Classmates’ hands (including Lily, next to Conor) are in air. Ms. Kwan walks by Conor’s desk. She and Conor exchange a look, and we see Ms.Kwan decide to let Conor keep drawing Conor's become untouchable. Which is worse than ever. Har catches his eye. Conor looks away. 186. InT. hoSPITAL ROOM - daY 116 Conor is at the door to the room. His Mum, helped by a FE NURSE, is in distress. Fear in her eyes, his Mum gestures angrily for Grandma to get Conor out of the room. Grandma does. She’s stern, though, not spiteful. 117 Omitted 187. 188. 118 EXT. grandMA’S driveWAY - momENTS LATER 118 Conor drags the wheelie bin to the curb among several pla bags waiting to be pick up by the dustmen. 189. 119 InT. grandMA’S SITTING ROOM - DAY 119 Conor in the middle of the now-empty sitting room. It see MUCH bigger. 190. 120 InT. school BLUE HALLWAY - dAY 120 Conor walks against the flow of students, alone. They lea an area around him, as if they can’t see him at all. 121 191. InT. phySICAL SOCIAL AND EDUCATION CLASS - latER 121 Conor sits at his desk again. We finally sees what he’s drawn. It’s a FLIP-ANIMATION on the corner of his textboo He flips the pages to animate it: It’s a drawing of him falling into a huge black hole.