1) 0) text: Conor gets out to the backgarden to where the clothes are hanging to look for a clean pair of socks but all the clo are wet. He takes a wet pair of socks and goes back into house. INT. CONOR’S Kitchen - MomenTS LATER Conor stuffs the WASHING MACHINE with LAUNDRY, over-filli it, but shutting it all in the door. 10 InT. conor’S BEDROOM - momeNTS LATER 10 Conor pulls the duvet over his bed so it’s made, if quite messy. (Clumsily hiding the wrinkles of the duvet under t cushions) 11 10. Int. conor’s house upstairs hallway - momENTS LATER 11 Conor looks at his Mum’s bedroom (the door is closed) and then over the top of the stairs. Down in the kitchen, we hear the faint sounds of a WOMAN on her phone. This is GRANDMA (mid-50s, crisp, professional, VERY ungrandmother Conor only sees the top of her head as she exits, still i her coat, still on her phone, scolding someone sternly. W don't see her face in these scenes. She also is clearly making an attempt to keep her voice down. GrANDMA (into phone) Because I’ve got three showings today, that’s why. I’m not responsible for your sick Weimaraner- He steps back so she won’t see him. We only catch a glimp of her as she leaves. He waits a beat, then starts down the stairs, but she re- enters, carrying bags of groceries, still on the phone. C freezes. Grandma stops in the hall, angry at something th been said. GranDMA (CONT'D) (into phone) How dare you throw that in my face? Do you have any idea what-? (beat, listens, gathers self, still angry, whispers fiercely) Now, you listen to me, Marcus, I know full well you’ve covered for me- Storms into kitchen. We hear her still talking. Conor wai nervous. She exits the kitchen again, still whispering.
1) 1) dialog: (into phone) Fine. Fine. I’1ll call her myself. (hangs up) Lazy bastard. She exits again. Conor waits a beat, then goes downstairs 11. 11A InT. conor’s downstairs hallway - seconDS LATER 11A Conor, deeply curious, heads towards the kitchen. Then he HEARS THE FRONT DOOR again and steps quickly into- 12. 12 InT. conor’s sittING ROOM - conTINUOUS 12 ...-where he hides behind the door. His Grandma, on the p again, enters, looking for a pen and paper.
1) 2) dialog: (into phone) If you do my afternoons today, I can take your open house on Saturday. (rolls eyes) Of course, I'll give you your commission... She looks around the warmly messy sitting room, lifting things, and looking for and finding a bit of paper. She k looking. GraNDMA (CONT'D) (to herself) Pen, pen, pen... This house- (into phone) Yes, I’m here right now. (almost snapping) She’s fine. Conor watches, waiting to be discovered, but his grandma never even turns around. She finds a pen.
1) 3) dialog: (into phone, coldly, finding it hard to say thanks ) Yes. Thank you. I... appreciate it. Hangs up as the caller is mid-sentence. Leaves. By sound, Conor follows her movements into the kitchen, out again a out of the house. He waits until her car starts before he feels safe to move again. 13 13. InT. conor’s kitCHEN - momentS LATER 13 On the counter, there are now BAGS OF GROCERIES and a clo CARDBOARD BOX with a POST-IT NOTE on it. Conor reads it, doesn’t react. Opens the groceries. They’re FULL OF MEDICINAL-LOOKING HE FOOD. Conor makes a face. CuT TO: Conor prepares himself breakfast. The toast is burnt. Con scratches the burnt stuff off with a knife. The black dus falls on the white plate. He makes a couple of strokes on dust with his finger and creates a drawing. 14 14. InT. conOR’S KITCHEN - MomenTS LATER 14 Conor throws away his leftovers (there’s a lot he didn’t eat), and washes the breakfast dishes on the sink. He sta there for a moment absentminded staring out the window. 15. 14A EXT. CHURCHYARD HILLTOP/ CONOR’S HOUSE- MomenTS LATER CONOR’S POV - A yew tree stands in the churchyard at the of the hill in front of the house. 15 16. Int. conoR’S KITCHEN - mornING - MomenTS LATER 15 He finishes packing his school bag with books and papers. Looks at the clock again. There is something he needs to check. He opens a drawer of the kitchen table and slams it shut making a loud dry noise. He waits there.
3) 0) text: This LEADS ON TO THE RAILWAY LINE, but a LOCK on the GATE has long since broken. The gate is slouched open. Conor approaches, all the time watching the tree on the hilltop. He gets to the gate, stepping slightly through, on the open half. A WIND rustles the top of the yew tree. It also RUSTLES CONOR’S HAIR. Do we hear a whisper? Is a voice saying, “Conor...” Conor pulls the gate shut firmly, still watching the tree The wind dies. Mum (0.S.) Conor? He turns at the call from his mum. 29 59. InT. conor’S KITCHEN/sittinG ROOM - the NEXT DAY 29 Conor enters through the kitchen and sees his GRANDMA (mi 50s, crisp, professional, VERY ungrandmotherly) standing her back turned to him in the sitting room. Mum, red scar tied around her head, sits on the couch looking into a bo She glances up and sees Conor, causing GRANDMA to turn. Grandma (crisp, not entirely friendly) Ah, there’s the little man. Mum (still looking in box) Jesus, Ma, let him have a childhood first. (pulls out a terrible wig) Where did you say you got these? GrandMA Clearance of a very nice old people’s home. They’re turning it into flats and I’1l be the agent. Mum gives Conor a look of comical horror Grandma can’t se Conor smiles. Grandma looks to see if she’s being made fu of, but Mum’s face immediately goes serious again. GranDMA (CONT'D) They’re clean.
3) 2) dialog: They’11 be warmer than those scarves. It’s not exactly summer anymore. In case you haven’t noticed. Mum (quietly defiant) I like my scarves. GraNDMA (to Conor) Your mother needs some tea. Green, no sugar. I take mine black. Conor looks at his Mum at this command. She rolls her eye and nods. As he leaves, Grandma turns back to Mum. GranDMA (CONT'D) Now then, Elisabeth, my girl. What are we going to do with you? 30 60. InT. conor’s kITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 30 Conor waits for the kettle. He looks out the window, wher the yew tree sits innocently atop the hill. He hears rais voices from the sitting room. 61. 30A EXT. CHURCHYARD HILLTOP / CONOR’S HOUSE - MORNING 30A He stares HARD at the tree while his mum and grandma argue and the kettle whistle gains in intensity. GranDMA (0o.S.) ...-this has gone on far too long, these things need to be discussed- Mum (0.S.) Ma, I know what I’m doing- GRANDMA (o.S.) Yes, all those marvelous impulsive decisions that never affect your life at all-
3) 5) dialog: Conor-
3) 8) dialog: I’m here because 12-year-old boys shouldn't be wiping down counters without being asked to first. ConOR Were you going to do it?
3) 9) dialog: Less of your cheek-
3) 11) dialog: (barely controlled) She'll seem better tomorrow. But she won't be. Conor doesn’t like this at all.
3) 13) dialog: You need to talk to her about this. (to herself) She needs to talk about this with you.
3) 15) dialog: (beat) About you coming to live with me. There, the die is cast. Conor is furious. 63.
3) 17) dialog: Conor, listen to me, if your mother-
3) 19) dialog: Conor- A panicked call from the sitting room. Mum (0.S.) (distressed) Ma? Mum? A look of heartbreaking terror crosses Grandma's face, as bolts, almost comically fast, out of the kitchen to her daughter. Conor follows, glancing out the window, where t tree is still a tree- 64. 31 InT. conor’S SITTING ROOM - conTINUOUS 31 Conor enters the sitting room. Grandma is helping Mum up the floor, Mum is in serious pain. Mum (gestures to mantel) I need the Oromorph-
3) 20) dialog: (looking) Which one? Conor steps forward, points. ConOR That one. For the stabbing pains. Quick, grim beat for Grandma and Mum that Conor knows thi then Grandma grabs a LIQUID PAINKILLER from the mantelpie and starts to dose her daughter. Mum pants as she swallows it, trying to catch her breath, ride out the pain. Grandma rubs her back. GranDMA It’s okay, darling, it’s okay, shh, shh, shh. Grandma looks up at Conor, her face set and unreadable. 32 65. InT. conor’s sitting room - that evening 32 Grandma sets a meal, heavy on the celery, down in front o Conor and his Mum, who looks much more tired. They eat on trays in the sitting room. Mum A tray where joy goes to die. GraNDMA It’s good for you.
3) 22) dialog: Are you just going to leave that hunk of junk in the middle of the sitting room?
3) 25) dialog: When exactly do you think I was born? I was 18 years old when Star Wars came out. I have about as much interest in boring old films as Conor probably does. (to Conor) Right? ConoR (quietly) King Kong was pretty good.
3) 26) dialog: (shaking her head, to Mum) You and your father. Always chasing butterflies. Mum Yeah, well, you were always there to remind us we had chores to do. 66.
3) 27) dialog: (stung) And made sure there was food on the table. Mum holds up limp celery, giggling with Conor. Grandma se GranDMA (CONT'D) Shall I just make you ice cream sundaes that you’ll throw back up? (grabs pizza box, still there from before) Or order pizza that’1l make sure you've only got empty calories to face more chemo with? Mum What’s wrong with food that makes me happy? Can’t you let me enjoy life a bit?
3) 28) dialog: (shocked) Yes! I want you to enjoy it for a long, long time.
3) 30) dialog: Why is it so bad that I’d like you to take care of yourself?
3) 32) dialog: (shaking her head) The irony of it. No one wants to be like their parents, but we all expect our kids to be exactly like us. (almost to herself) No wonder it’s always so hard. Mum (mumbles ) Daddy liked pizza. This really hurts. Grandma stands, gathering the trays, e if they aren’t finished. Mum (CONT'D) (regretful) Ma, I’m- 67. Grandma disappears into the kitchen. Mum looks at Conor a sighs. 33 68. InT. conor’s hallWAY/CONOR’S BEDROOM - that night 33 Conor stands outside his own bedroom as his grandma hands his blankets. Her bag is partially unpacked on his own be ConOR Just don’t touch anything. GraNDMA Trust me, I’1l be doing my very best not to. She hands him a last pillow. GraNDMA (CONT'D) Our conversation isn’t over, young man. She gives him a “to be continued” look and shuts the door ConOR (quietly) Oh, yes, it is. Fade to bLACK. 69. Sounds fade up Nightmare sounds, wind, roaring screaming, rising again i crescendo to: 34 70. InT. conor’S SITTING ROOM - that night 34 Conor sits up, sweating, panting again. The sitting room dark. Conor calms himself where he sleeps on the settee. He looks around the dim, untidy room. We can see plenty o get well cards on the shelves, plus tumbles of smart chicklit, his mum’s CD collection (90s rave, Massive Atta Blur), some of her drawings. Conor glances impatiently at the clock display on the DVD player. It clicks over from 12.06 to 12.07. A breeze tousles Conor’s hair. He listens for the Monster And listens. And listens. Nothing. The clock ticks over to 12.08. He sees a pen rol across the top of the DVD player. Other things, including shoe, start rolling towards the kitchen. Conor gets to his feet, blanket wrapped around him. He go into... 35 71. Int. conor’S KITCHEN - conTINUOUS 35 ...the kitchen. The kitchen roll and a cup from the table rolling towards the door outside. It rattles, too. Conor opens it. 72. 35A INT./EXT. CONOR’S KITCHEN /BACK GARDEN - NIGHT 35A The Monster is waiting for him.
3) 83) dialog: (brusque, businesslike) Good, you’re home. Your mum’s upstairs. She wants to talk to you.
3) 85) dialog: (putting a phone to her ear) Your father’s flying in on Sunday.
3) 87) dialog: (unhappy ) Yes, and I get to arrange it. Lucky me. Go. Your mum’s waiting. Grandma exits to the sitting room.
3) 89) dialog: (closing door behind her) And pack a bag. You're coming to stay with me for a few days. Then she’s gone. Conor stands for a moment, shellshocked. 64 109. InT. conor’s hallway/MUM’S BEDROOM - momENTS LATER 64 Conor approaches the door to his mum’s bedroom. He’s badl disconcerted. He puts his hand on the knob but waits for moment. He takes a deep breath, opens the door- BOOM! Inside is entirely taken over by the NIGHTMARE: blackness, roaring and screaming, a horrible deafening no churning the blackness, a voice calling “Conor!” in terro Conor calls out and slams the door. Mum (0.S.) (from Conor’s room) Conor? I’m in here. Conor breathes heavy for a moment. He opens his mum’s doo crack. It’s normal. He closes it and goes to his own bedr 65 110. InT. conor’S BEDROOM - DAY - conTINUOUS 65 His mum, in a TERRIBLE TINA TURNER-ESQUE WIG, lies on his bed, looking out at the yew tree, SKETCHING ON CONOR’S SKETCHPAD. MuM Hi, sweetheart. Come sit. He sits down next to her on the bed. She’s sketching the tree. The drawing is half-finished, but really excellent. Mum (CONT'D) (w/o turning) Yew trees are amazing, you know. Live for thousands of years. And they’re always planted in churchyards because the- ConOR (finishes, heard it a thousand times) -berries are poisonous so they have to be kept away from cows and stuff.
3) 107) dialog: (ignores this, finishes with watch) This is the correct time. Not the one on your computer, or even the one on the news. Right here. I almost got this on Antiques Roadshow once. It belong to my mother - your grear-grandmother. Perfect time keeping for over a hundred years. Conor rolls his eyes. A VERY old story. She brushes past 67 115. Int. grandma’s front hallway - conTINUOUS 67 She glides smoothly to a mirror, checking how she looks. the wall, we might notice some pictures of her and her family, including one of her with CONOR’S GRANDFATHER, pl by the same actor as the Monster. GrandMA Pick up your rucksack, please. Don’t want your father to think I’m keeping you in a pigsty. ConOR (muttering) Not much chance of that. His Grandma opens a front closet, puts on a coat. GrandMA Now, Conor, when you go to the hospital, your father may not notice how tired your mum’s been getting, okay? So we’re going to have to make sure he doesn’t overstay his welcome. Final check in the mirror. GranDMA (CONT'D) (to herself) Not that that’s historically been a problem. She gives one last appraising look at Conor. Grandma (CONT'D) If you get hungry before your dad gets here, there’s steamed broccoli in the fridge. No eggs. You’ve already had eggs twice this week. (frowns, sighs) Be good. And lets herself out. 68 116. InT. granDMA’S Kitchen - moments LATER Montage as Conor looks around his Grandma’s house for something to do. First in her spotless kitchen, cupboards full of nothing a boy might like to eat. 68 69 117. InT. grandma's kiTCHEN - momENTS LATER Conor now stands on the counter-top, digging deep into a cupboard. He finds a packet of cookies.
4) 0) text: We hear Conor come in the front door. He enters the sitti room, slumping down unhappily on the settee. He takes off his coat, but ends up fighting with the slee He stands, getting frustrated, eventually throwing the co to the floor. He stands there, breathing, on the verge of letting all his bottled up anger go. Almost absentmindedly, he kicks his rucksack (set against settee). It spills open, dumping his sketchpad, which ope at a drawing of the swallowing hole and the face looking back. Enraged, he tears the picture out and rips it in tw throwing the pieces into the sitting room. He’s still angry, and it’s growing, not abating. It feels strangely good. He flexes his fists, anger still fizzing. Suddenly, BONG! BONG! The precious CLOCK starts striking 9 o'clock hour. Conor approaches it. It chimes away, the pendulum swingin Still edgy, Conor grabs it mid-swing. The bongs continue, the clock makes a groaning sound. Holding the pendulum in place, Conor starts pushing the d of the clock around. They resist at first, but he pushes harder and faster, until they’re spinning around the face The BONGs groan alarmingly as he passes each hour, but he keeps going, faster and faster, until- SNAP! The second hand breaks in two in his grip. Oh, no. Conor comes to his senses, realises what he’s don The clock is broken, really broken, frozen in place. He’s doomed, and so horrified he doesn’t register that th now non-moving hands have stopped at 12.07. MonSTER (0.S.) As destruction goes, this is remarkably pitiful. Conor turns and sees that somehow, impossibly, the Monste in his Grandma’s sitting room. It fills up all available space, folding its massive form into every corner, its he bumping the ceiling. Conor looks back at the clock, frantic now.
4) 28) dialog: What- She looks slowly around the room, her face in ever-growin horror, her mouth open. She leans down and picks up a pie of her beloved clock. We wait for the apocalypse. But then her face changes. Sh puts a palm over her mouth as if to try and stop sound fr coming out. Then she slaps a second hand over it. But she can’t help it. A horrible, anguished keening esca from her. And again. This is much worse than her being an
4) 75) dialog: Yes, that’s right. She puts the car in gear. They pull out in silence.
4) 134) dialog: (not unkind) Conor, no, not tonight. You’re going to want to be here. Conor understands what she means as Grandma sits on the o side of the bed, taking her daughter’s hand. Conor stands
5) 74) dialog: Where have you BEEN? I’ve been out of my MIND trying to find you! ConOR There was something I needed to- But she’s already dragging him towards the car. GraNDMA No time! We have to go now! She sprints off away from him, back to the car, and what means sinks in for Conor. He races after her. 136 227. InT/ext. grandma’s car/city streets TO TRAIN CROSSING - n - moments LATER Grandma drives at extremely high speed, cutting corners, running red lights. It would be funny if it weren’t so desperate. Conor sits in the passenger seat, shy of how m she’s both crying and trying to control herself. She turns another corner and he grabs his seatbelt. But h notices something sticking out of his pocket. LILY’S NOTE takes it out and unfolds a comically high number of times It’s just three lines: --“I miss being your friend.” --"You’re not invisible.” --“I see you.” The “I” is underlined a comic number of times, too. It’s heart-breaking. ConOR Grandma- GrandMA Don’t. Just don’t. 228. 136A They fly over a bump. Conor puts the note back in hi ConOR (quietly) I’m sorry. About the sitting room. And everything. She laughs a thick, sad laugh. GranDMA It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter. ConOR It doesn’t?
5) 75) dialog: Of course it doesn’t. She starts to really cry, so just lets herself. 229. 136B She turns a corner to a train crossing, the barriers coming down. No way to drive around it. She stops, hittin the steering wheel in frustration. GraNDMA (CONT'D) (beat) You know, Conor? You and me? Not the most natural fit, are we? ConOR No. I guess not.
5) 76) dialog: I guess not either. But we’re going to have to learn. ConoR I know. Grandma makes a little sobbing noise.
5) 77) dialog: You do know, don’t you? Of course you do. But you know what, grandson? We have something in common. ConOR We do?
5) 78) dialog: Oh, yes. We hear the train horn in the distance. Grandma looks at GranDMA (CONT'D) Your mum. That’s what we have in common. Conor doesn’t answer, but he knows what she means. This i their peace talk, and he agrees to it. He nods. She reaches forward, grabs his hand, squeezing it tight. train blasts past them in a brutal hurry. It’s a short train, ending quickly. The barriers rise. GranDMA (CONT'D) Hang on. She peels off into the night. 230. 137-137AEXT./Int. hoSPITAL ENTRANCE/ CORRIDOR - nighT - m Grandma and Conor race down the corridor, Grandma in the lead. They reach his Mum’s hospital room and... 138 231. InT. hoSPITAL ROOM DOOR - niGHt - conTINUOUS 138 ..-burst inside, Grandma with a terrible question on her face. The fight is clearly almost over for his Mum. The r is lit only by a small light above her bed. The Female Nu stands by it, checking an IV. NuRSE (to Grandma) It’s okay. You’re in time. Grandma makes a cry of relief, covering her mouth with he hands. Nurse (CONT'D) I see you found him. Grandma goes to the opposite side, sits down and takes he daughter’s hand, kissing it and rocking back and forth. The Nurse leaves, acknowledging Conor. Conor stands in th darkness by the doorway, not knowing what to do. Mum (slurring) Ma? GranDMA I’m here, darling. I’m here. Conor's here, too.
5) 80) dialog: It’s your room now. I’ve been making it ready. She nods him on his way, watching him go to the end of th corridor, climbing the steep stairs. He looks back once at her to make sure it’s okay. She smi at him, so sadly. He tries the door. For the first time, it’s unlocked. He looks to his Grandma for one last check. She nods again a lets him go. 142 236. InT. GRANDMA’S lofT room - conTINUOUS 142 It’s a bedroom in the top of the house, complete with sla ceiling and big window, letting in a ton of morning light Clearly his mother’s. But the projector is there, too, an the canisters for King Kong. There is also the CASE OF PENCILS he’d been eyeing in the shop window, newly purchased by Grandma. Conor steps inside. Drawings cover the walls, there are shelves of SKETCHPADS in rows, and at the far end, a DESK just like the one in Conor’s room. On it is Conor’s torn drawing of the nightmare from the sitting room. Conor approaches it and picks it up. Underneath is a SKETCHPAD, an old one. There’s a note on top from his Grandma. “This belonged to your mum.” On the cover are the words “Lizzie’S SKETCHPAD, AGE 12 (a half).” Conor opens it. We recognise his mum's style of art. He t the pages past images of trees, birds, friends and then- Drawing after drawing of the STORIES AND IMAGES WE'VE SEE the Prince, the Farmer's Daughter, the Apothecary, the Pa and- The Monster. Pages and pages of the Monster. Conor stops one, a good one, the Monster looking ominous, powerful. On the desk, pencils start to ROLL slightly towards the sketchpad. ANGLE ON: Conor looking at the page, a small BREEZE stirr his hair, the slightest hint of a private smile curling u We pull back, giving him his privacy and we: FADE TO BLACK. 237. Credits