1) 18) dialog: Always off in your own little dreamworld. What’s there that’s so interesting, O'Malley? The minions keep laughing. Conor starts to rise again. There’s blood on his lip. sully (joyous) He’s bleeding! anton He’1l have to get his slaphead mother to kiss it for him! Silence, as the group absorbs this crossing of the line. Conor's face hardens, but before he can respond, Lily bou back into the scene. Lily You leave him alone! [Cowards! There’s three of you and one of him! I’m not scared of you! You're pathetic! ] Conor winces, and Harry’s minions are already laughing. N Harry, though, who never stops looking at Conor. SuLLY Your puppy’s here to save you, O'Malley! Outraged, Lily - who is, in fact, a little puppy-ish - pu Sully hard. Surprised, he falls backwards over a shrubber
3) 80) dialog: (firmly) I said, don’t touch him. Sully immediately steps back. Harry (CONT’D) O'Malley and I have an understanding. I’m the only one who touches him. Isn’t that right? Conor says nothing, but this does seem to be the agreemen AnTON Harry, come on-
3) 81) dialog: No, you see, there’s something I want to find out. Harry steps closer. Conor doesn’t back away. Harry raises a fist as if to strike Conor. Again, Conor doesn’t flinch, just waits for the punch. Beat. Harry drops his fist. 107.
3) 82) dialog: Yeah. That’s what I thought. Then he swings a fast, vicious punch to Conor which we do see connect- Cut TO: 63 InT. conor’s house front hallway - later 108. 63 Conor enters, home from school, some bruising on his face but hasn’t even shut the door before Grandma is on him.
4) 107) dialog: I think I’ve finally figured you out, O'Malley. After all this time. Harry steps forward. Conor braces himself.
4) 108) dialog: Here is the very worst thing I can do to you. SuLLY You’re in for it now. AnTON Kick his ass. But Harry just holds out his hand to shake. Surprised, Co shakes it. HarRY Goodbye, O’Malley. I no longer see you. He lets go of Conor’s hand and turns his back to leave. A a confused beat, Anton and Sully do the same. Conor watches them go, growing more and more upset, a bre tousling his hair... «+.as the bullies pass in front of the digital clock, it ticks over to 12.07. 193. ANGLE ON: Conor, as the The Monster now stands behind him stretching up to the tall ceiling of the cafeteria. It kn down and speaks into his ear. MonSTER It is time for the third tale. Without looking back, Conor starts to walk after Harry. T Monster matches him, step for step. MONSTER (CONT’D) There was once an invisible man, who had grown tired of being unseen.