1) 19) dialog: I'm just making it a fair fight! 23.
1) 21) dialog: Everyone freezes as Head of Year MISS KWAN (late 30s, Bri Chinese descent, stern but fair) storms over.
1) 22) dialog: They started it, Miss! MisS KWAN I don’t want to hear it. (to Sully, now rising) Are you hurt, Sullivan? Sully, seeing an opening, fakes injury. Badly. Sully I might need to go home, Miss.
1) 24) dialog: But, Miss, they were-
1) 26) dialog: They were making fun of Conor’s mother! Everyone freezes. A dangerous silence. Miss KWAN Is this true, Conor? Conor looks from Anton to Sully, and on to Lily, her face burning with injustice, but then to Harry, who is as calm firmly fixed on Conor as ever. ConoR (eyes on Harry) No, Miss. I just fell. They were helping me up. Lily looks like she’s been slapped.
1) 28) dialog: I was trying to help you.
1) 30) dialog: (visibly hurt) My mum keeps asking why you don’t come over anymore. Conor says nothing. Lily (CONT'D) (now genuinely distressed) What the heck is wrong with you? I've got detention all week now.
1) 32) dialog: But it’s your fault. Conor turns on her in fury. She steps back, frightened. ConoR It’s your fault. It’s all your fault. He takes off walking again, leaving her behind. LiLY (calling after him) We used to be friends! Conor carries on down the street, fast at first then slow as he nears his house. He looks back to see if Lily is st there, half-hoping she will be. She isn’t. 21 28. InT. conor’s sitting room - momentS LATER 21 Conor enters, not too happy. Mum is waiting there, cardbo box open. Conor looks wary at an OLD-FASHIONED SUPER 8 FI PROJECTOR. Canisters of FILM sit next to it. Mum is nervo excited. ConOR What is it? 22 29. INT. conor’s sitting room - momENTS LATER 22 Conor and Mum set up the projector. Neither of them reall know how to do it, so they figure it out together, thread the film, getting it wrong, eventually getting it right. MuM Your granddad’s old film projector. CoNOR You mean... like a video player?
3) 71) dialog: I forgive you. Conor says nothing, just walks on. LiLY (CONT'D) I forgive you for getting me in trouble, okay? Conor You got yourself in trouble. Lily (ignoring this) And I forgive you for all the things you said, too. Conor remains silent. Lily is defiant, but hopeful. LiLY (CONT'D) Aren’t you going to say you’re sorry back? Conor stops, and his anger backs Lily into a nearby wall. ConoR I’m not sorry, and I don’t forgive you.
3) 72) dialog: My mum said we need to make allowances for you, but I just think you're acting like a jerk-
3) 74) dialog: (baffled) Me?!
3) 76) dialog: About your mum-? 101.