1) 20) dialog: 
1) 23) dialog: Don’t milk it. (to Lily) My office, Lily.
1) 25) dialog: Now.
1) 27) dialog: Get to your forms. (to Lily) Not you. Miss Kwan drags an aghast Lily away. Conor watches them g When he turns back, Harry is holding out Conor's bag for Harry Well done, O’Malley. Beat. Conor takes the bag and makes his way inside. 24. 19 25. Int. Physical Social and Education class - lATER 19 A Powerpoint display at the front of the class reads: “TH MIRACLE OF BIRTH”. MR CLARK, 40s, wry, kind, perhaps a bi soft, steps up next to it. Mr Clark Brace yourselves. Conor sits at the back, an empty desk next to him. He loo very drowsy. MR Clark (CONT'D) We've been studying this all week. You've seen the diagrams, heard the descriptions. You think you’re ready to watch the real thing. He gives a you-have-no-idea-what-you’re-in-for chuckle an clicks to start a hilariously graphic CHILDBIRTH DOCUMENT on the Powerpoint. The sounds from the documentary ("The cervix fully dilate 10 centimeters and the baby's head crowns when the widest part of it reaches the vaginal opening”, complete with so of a mother in labour) fade as we focus on Conor, looking exhausted, falling asleep propping up his face with his h He’s sitting under the A/C vent and the sound of it start merge with a WIND sound, that eventually rises to the SOUNDTRACK of the NIGHTMARE we heard over the TITLES. We close on Conor, the soundtrack rising to a FAINT SCREAMIN ("Conor!"). Mr Clark (CONT'D) Conor? Conor jumps as Mr Clark is right next to him. He waits to if he’s in trouble. But Mr Clark looks overly sympathetic MR Clark (CONT'D) You all right there? You look tired. (beat, nothing from Conor) You know, if you ever wanted to talk- He’s interrupted by a labour-scream from the video and an accompanying SHOUT OF HORROR from the class who can’t bel what they’re seeing ("As soon as the baby's head comes ou the doctor will suction amniotic fluid, blood, and mucus they baby’s nose and mouth”). Mr Clark looks up with an amused smile, gives Conor a last look, and keeps patrolli the classroom. Conor sees Harry a few seats over. Harry’s watched the exchange and looks as if he’s sussing Conor out, somehow. 26. As the sounds of childbirth and the accompanying trauma o the class continue ("The umbilical cord will eventually f off due to a combination of putrefaction and mummificatio Lily enters from the front, eyes swollen from crying. She sits next to Conor in the empty desk. He doesn’t acknowle her, despite her furious gaze. Wounded, she looks up at the video and is comically horri by what she sees. Mr Clark reaches the front of the classroom as the sounds childbirth reach their exhausted conclusion (“And mother’ happy ordeal is finally over...”). Mr Clark clicks off th Powerpoint and turns to the class. Mr Clark (CONT'D) Any questions? Apart from Conor, Lily and Harry, every single traumatise hand in the classroom shoots into the air. 20 27. EXT. BIN street - that afternoon 20 Conor walks home by himself, lost in thought. LiLY (0.S.) Hey! Wait! Conor, wait! She catches up to him. He ignores her. Lily (CONT'D) Why did you do that today? Why didn’t you tell Miss Kwan what really happened? Conor Why did you butt in when it was none of your business?