1) 0) text: Conor gets out to the backgarden to where the clothes are hanging to look for a clean pair of socks but all the clo are wet. He takes a wet pair of socks and goes back into house. INT. CONOR’S Kitchen - MomenTS LATER Conor stuffs the WASHING MACHINE with LAUNDRY, over-filli it, but shutting it all in the door. 10 InT. conor’S BEDROOM - momeNTS LATER 10 Conor pulls the duvet over his bed so it’s made, if quite messy. (Clumsily hiding the wrinkles of the duvet under t cushions) 11 10. Int. conor’s house upstairs hallway - momENTS LATER 11 Conor looks at his Mum’s bedroom (the door is closed) and then over the top of the stairs. Down in the kitchen, we hear the faint sounds of a WOMAN on her phone. This is GRANDMA (mid-50s, crisp, professional, VERY ungrandmother Conor only sees the top of her head as she exits, still i her coat, still on her phone, scolding someone sternly. W don't see her face in these scenes. She also is clearly making an attempt to keep her voice down. GrANDMA (into phone) Because I’ve got three showings today, that’s why. I’m not responsible for your sick Weimaraner- He steps back so she won’t see him. We only catch a glimp of her as she leaves. He waits a beat, then starts down the stairs, but she re- enters, carrying bags of groceries, still on the phone. C freezes. Grandma stops in the hall, angry at something th been said. GranDMA (CONT'D) (into phone) How dare you throw that in my face? Do you have any idea what-? (beat, listens, gathers self, still angry, whispers fiercely) Now, you listen to me, Marcus, I know full well you’ve covered for me- Storms into kitchen. We hear her still talking. Conor wai nervous. She exits the kitchen again, still whispering.
1) 4) dialog: (faint) Con? Is everything alright? Finally. Conor Yes Mum! It slipped from my hands! I gotta go or iI'll be late!
1) 5) dialog: Ok! Rush!
1) 10) dialog: You know how I get at this point in the treatments-
1) 13) dialog: 
1) 15) dialog: (fake serious) Now, tell me you haven’t shrunk my favourite wool jumpers? Conor laughs shyly. Mum (CONT'D) Go on, go. (as he crosses to his bag) Stop dragging your feet! He picks them up comically, like a clown. As Conor puts h rucksack on, Mum leans against the counter, looking out t window. 19. 16-16A EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE DRIVEWAY/ STREETS - later 16-16 Conor walks to school, rucksack on his back. It’s a bit o journey, and he pulls his coat tight against the cold.
1) 33) dialog: (laughs ) No, this is a relic, a proper dinosaur.
1) 36) dialog: You know how I get at this point in the treatments-
1) 39) dialog: 
1) 41) dialog: Can we just enjoy the movie? I got it for us. ConoR (picking up film canister) What are we watching?
1) 42) dialog: King Kong. Oldie but a goodie. ConOR Are we really going to watch something though? You always fall asleep.
1) 43) dialog: I won’t fall asleep. I promise. (stepping back) Right. I think we got it. Black & White TITLES come up for KING KONG.
1) 45) dialog: (mischievous ) Be happy it’s not a silent movie.
1) 47) dialog: Shush. Conor nestles in to watch, unhappy. 23 31. InT. conor’s sitting room - later 23 It’s dark outside now. Conor, despite himself, is still watching. We can see leftovers of the pizza they ordered. looks over. His mum is asleep against the arm of the sett He reaches over and covers her with a blanket and keeps watching it. But it’s the sequence where KONG is on the Empire State Building. BI-PLANES ATTACK and KONG falls- Conor is surprisingly shocked by this, obviously triggeri some memory. He watches as Kong falls and falls and falls Then with a burst of WHITE, the reel finishes, leaving Co watching a blank white space. We zoom in on the white and dissolve to: 24 32. Int. conor’s BEDROOM/HALLWAY - that night 24 A white sketchpad sheet. A hand comes in to draw. Conor a his desk. It’s RAINING heavily outside now, and his windo covered with condensation. His clock reads 11.34. He draws KONG on the skyscraper. It’s good. He FLIPS THE PAPER OVER and draws BI-PLANES on the back. He holds it u the desklamp. He flicks the light on and off, making the planes appear and disappear, like they’re firing shots (S Effect: “Ratatatatatata” leading us to sound of nightmare Then he draws Kong falling. He gets lost in it, and the s of the NIGHTMARE rises again. This time, we even see flas of it:
1) 58) dialog: This is good, Conor. Such a sad ending. Conor (troubled) Why did they kill King Kong?
1) 59) dialog: People don't like what they don“t understand. They get scared. Conor Her boyfriend was a jerk. 36.
1) 60) dialog: Yeah, he's pretty bad. Conor King Kong should have squashed him. Broken him into a million pieces. (makes squashing motion) Boom! She smiles and turns to the nightmare finally, a little scared by the hole and the face he’s drawn, but she looks closer. It has very realistic eyes. She’s very surprised impressed.
1) 61) dialog: What is this? Is that you? Conor No, Mum.
1) 62) dialog: Looks like you. Conor shrugs.
1) 63) dialog: It's very good. Really, REALLY good. The strokes of the pen... And I love the reflection in the eyes... Life is in the eyes, you know. (gentle beat) What's it of? What's this scene? Conor (shrugs ) Nothing. Just... I made it up.
1) 64) dialog: Well, doesn't matter where it comes from if it's true. That's what artists do. They say the truth. Conor smiles. Suddenly the mother realizes what time it i
1) 65) dialog: Gosh, it's late, isn't it? Time for us both to be asleep. She bops him playfully on the head with the sketchpad. 37. InT. conOR’S BEDROOM - night - conTINUOUS 3 Conor is back on his bed in the dark bedroom. He can“t ge back to sleep. He sits up and looks at his small DRAWING in the corner.
3) 0) text: This LEADS ON TO THE RAILWAY LINE, but a LOCK on the GATE has long since broken. The gate is slouched open. Conor approaches, all the time watching the tree on the hilltop. He gets to the gate, stepping slightly through, on the open half. A WIND rustles the top of the yew tree. It also RUSTLES CONOR’S HAIR. Do we hear a whisper? Is a voice saying, “Conor...” Conor pulls the gate shut firmly, still watching the tree The wind dies. Mum (0.S.) Conor? He turns at the call from his mum. 29 59. InT. conor’S KITCHEN/sittinG ROOM - the NEXT DAY 29 Conor enters through the kitchen and sees his GRANDMA (mi 50s, crisp, professional, VERY ungrandmotherly) standing her back turned to him in the sitting room. Mum, red scar tied around her head, sits on the couch looking into a bo She glances up and sees Conor, causing GRANDMA to turn. Grandma (crisp, not entirely friendly) Ah, there’s the little man. Mum (still looking in box) Jesus, Ma, let him have a childhood first. (pulls out a terrible wig) Where did you say you got these? GrandMA Clearance of a very nice old people’s home. They’re turning it into flats and I’1l be the agent. Mum gives Conor a look of comical horror Grandma can’t se Conor smiles. Grandma looks to see if she’s being made fu of, but Mum’s face immediately goes serious again. GranDMA (CONT'D) They’re clean.
3) 1) dialog: Thanks, Ma. Conor shares one last conspiratorial look with his Mum.
3) 3) dialog: Says the woman who schedules her toilet breaks. Seriously, Ma? We’re having this conversation now? GRANDMA (o.S.) I'm sorry, I’m sorry, I just-
3) 4) dialog: Go help Conor with the tea or I will literally go insane. Kettle whistle sound stops as Grandma enters kitchen. She regards Conor, hands on hips. GranDMA (beat, all business, voice low so mum can’t listen) You and I need to have a talk. Conor stiffens. This isn’t the first time for this. ConOR I'm making tea.
3) 21) dialog: When in history has that ever worked? Grandma’s not listening. She’s looking back at the projec
3) 23) dialog: It’s not a hunk of junk. Dad loved it. Grandma snorts, a little dismissively.
3) 24) dialog: But all those classics. King Kong, Frankenstein-
3) 29) dialog: (warning her about Conor) Ma-
3) 31) dialog: I don’t know, is it so hard to remember I’m a grown woman and can make those decisions for myself?
3) 90) dialog: No, that’s just the official version. The real reason is that yew trees dig their roots down into the graves and take all the things the dead wish they could have said and spread them into the world through their leaves.
3) 92) dialog: I know. Tina Turner. If she was from Sheffield.
3) 97) dialog: Aren’t you excited?
3) 99) dialog: (snorts) Well, you know how she feels about your father. Don’t listen to her. Beat, silence. Conor braces himself.
3) 101) dialog: (nodding) That’s all. There’s lots more they can do. It’s normal. Don’t worry.
3) 103) dialog: I’m sure.
3) 105) dialog: I remember when you were a little baby, and it was just the two of us. And you'd get, like, a fever or something. I used to get so scared. I was really, really young - only six years older than you, if you can believe it - and this was a time when things werent going so great. Your dad was gone and I wasn“t speaking to your Grandma. And I kept thinking, What if I get this wrong? It“d be the middle of the night and I wouldn“t know what to do, I°d have no one to ask, no one to lean on. And do you know what I'd always do? I’d look into your eyes, into your little baby eyes, and I'd say, “We’re a team, me and you. We’re in this together.” And I’d still be scared, but it didn’t matter so much anymore. Because you were counting on me, and that was the only thing that mattered. (rubs his head) Still is. up, puts an arm around him, her head on his They both look out at the tree.
3) 106) dialog: I‘ll bet that old tree will keep an eye on the house for us while you’re at your grandma’s. Conor's expression is priceless. His mum grabs him and tu him to her, faux-serious. 113. Mum (CONT'D) But for God’s sake, whatever you do, don’t touch your grandmother’s clock. Cut TO: 114. 66-66A EXT./InT. Grandma's DRIVEWAY/sitting room - days l The face of Grandma's prize grandfather clock. It’s again the wall of a pristine sitting room, every surface clean museum-like, including glass display cases with figurines low bookcases, porcelain knickknacks. The polar opposite Conor's warmly untidy house. Conor leans on the doorframe Grandma very carefully SETS HER WRISTWATCH by the clock ( vice versa). GranDMA (looking at clock) I’ve got a house to show. I’m trusting you here alone until your dad shows up. Conor I’m not five years old.
4) 49) dialog: (forced brightness) But there’s one more thing they’re going to try, a medicine that’s had some good results. ConoR Why didn’t they try it before? Mum Well, this is something you take when the normal stuff hasn’t worked the way they want it to.
4) 51) dialog: (quickly, firmly) No, Conor. Don’t think that. It’s not too late. It’s never too late.
4) 53) dialog: (smiling) I believe every word I say.
4) 55) dialog: (surprised) Well, yeah, I suppose it is. Beat, as perhaps something important’s been left unsaid. plays with his hair again. 157. Mum (CONT'D) Oh, and here’s something. You know that tree behind our house I’m always prattling on about? Conor freezes, comically. Mum coughs, again ugly, leans b on the bed.
4) 56) dialog: Well, if you can believe it, this drug is actually made from trees like that. ConOR It is? MuM Yeah, I know. All this time, we could have just chopped the damn thing down. (laughs ) Well, not that one. That one’s almost like a friend. Conor's face shows a growing revelation. Could this be th reason? Is it too much to hope for? He looks up at the ro clock. It’s 4.15. Clockface morphs into... 98 158. InT. graNDMA’S guest ROOM - that night 98 ...another, smaller clock on the wall of Grandma’s guest room. Conor watches it with enormous IMPATIENCE. It ticks through 12.06 and 45 seconds. 12.06 and 55 seconds. ConoR Come on, come on. Click, 12.07. Conor THROWS back the blankets and RUNS out bed. 99-100 159. ExT. grandMA’S BACK GARDEN - seconds later 99-100 Conor RUNS out into his Grandma’s back garden. ConOR (demanding) Where are you? MonSTER (0.S.) I am here. With a breeze tousling Conor’s hair, the Monster steps fr the darkness over his Grandma's office in one easy motion stands above Conor, huge as ever. ConOR So can you do it? Can you make her better? The Monster sighs and in what we can see is an extraordin action, SITS DOWN, all its weight on the roof of Grandma’ office. The wood moans. Conor winces, but it holds.
4) 126) dialog: I wanted to see you. And you know how the morphine sends me off to Cloud Cuckoo Land sometimes-— ConOR Why did Grandma get me out of school? Mum Look at me, son. He refuses at first, but finally does, arms crossed tight against himself. Here it is. There’s no going back. Mum (CONT'D) I spoke to the doctor this morning. The new treatment isn’t working, sweetheart. ConOR The one from the yew tree?
4) 127) dialog: Yes. ConOR How can it not be working? Beat, as Mum swallows, tries to smile for him. 202. MuM Things have just moved really fast. Faster than they thought.
4) 129) dialog: I know. I had big hopes for our own personal yew tree. ConOR But it didn’t help. Mum shakes her head slightly. ConOR (CONT'D) So what happens now? What’s the next treatment? Mum doesn’t answer. Which is an answer in itself. Conor l back at the floor and says the final thing out loud. ConOR (CONT'D) There aren’t any more treatments. MuM (quietly crying now) I’m sorry, son. I’ve never been more sorry about anything in my life. ConoR You said it would work. You believed it would work. MuM I know. ConOR You lied. You’ve been lying this whole time.
4) 130) dialog: I think, maybe, deep in your heart, you've always known, though. Haven’t you? She reaches for him, but he won’t take her hand. Mum (CONT'D) It’s okay that you’re angry, sweetheart. It really, really is. (rueful laugh) I’m pretty angry, too, to tell you the truth. But Conor? Are you listening, Conor? 203. Conor, still looking away, eventually nods.
4) 131) dialog: One day, if you look back and you feel bad for being so angry that you couldn’t even speak to me, then you have to know that it was okay. That I knew. I know everything you need to tell me without you having to say it out loud. Conor still can’t look at her. She starts crying harder, pushes through it.
4) 132) dialog: And honestly, son, you be as angry as you need to be. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise. Not your father, not your grandma, no one. And if you need to break things, then by God, you break them good and hard. And I'll be right there. You might not see me, but I’1l be right there, breaking ‘em right along with you. Conor can hardly bear it.
4) 133) dialog: I need to know that you heard me, sweetheart. I need to know, okay? Okay? Without looking at her, Conor finally nods his agreement. final acknowledgement that she’s going to die. Mum breathes out in exhausted relief. Mum (CONT'D) I’m so sorry. I’m going to have to take some more painkillers. Obviously in pain, she presses the morphine button. She reaches for Conor again. After a beat he finally takes he hand. MuM (CONT'D) (quietly weeping) I wish I had a hundred years. A hundred years I could give to you. Conor holds his mother’s hand and looks at the floor, as drifts to drug-induced sleep. There’s nothing more to say 128 204. InT. hoSPITAL ROOM - later 128 Conor's Mum is asleep. The light outside has grown dimmer Conor sits, alone, in the chair, hunched down low. Grandm enters, a worried look on her face. How did it go? Conor looks up at her, his eyes red, with grief, with rag ConoR I want to go home. GrANDMA Conor- ConOR My home. The one with the yew tree.
5) 19) dialog: The nightmare is in full flow. The screaming, the roaring the wind, all because he’s holding on to his mother, tryi to prevent her from falling. Mum Don’t let go, Conor! Don’t let me go! ConOR (struggling) I won’t! I promise. The wind grows worse; the whirlpool effect starts to pull cars and telephone poles into the hole. Conor’s Mum starts to slip from Conor’s grasp. ConOR (CONT'D) No! Conor turns to our original Monster, still not moving.
5) 22) dialog: 
5) 79) dialog: (eyes still closed) Is he? Grandma looks at Conor, urging him to say something. ConOR I'm here, mum. Eyes still shut, Conor’s Mum reaches out a hand for him t take. Just like he held it on the cliff face. There is movement behind Conor, a familiar shadow appeari Somehow the Monster fits in the room. MonSTER Here is the end of the tale. ConOR (to Monster) What do I do? The Monster puts two hands on Conor’s shoulders, gently pushing him towards his mum’s bed. Conor looks at the clock as he goes. It reads 11.58. Mome before 12.07. 232. ConOR (CONT'D) 12.07. Is that...? (whispering) I'm afraid. MonSTER Of course you are afraid. It will be hard. It will be more than hard. But you will make it through, Conor O'Malley. They reach the bed, where his Mum’s hand is still outstretched. Conor’s eyes begin to water. ConOR (whispering, to Monster) You'll stay? You’ll stay until... MonSTER I will be right here. The moment is here. Conor takes his mother’s hand. She opens her eyes, but she sees him there. Really sees h Does she even see the Monster behind him? Conor can see the light reflected in her eyes, where the “life” is. MonSTER (CONT'D) Now all that is left is for you to speak the simplest truth of all. And, at last, Conor can finally tell her the real truth. ConOR (simply, quietly) I don’t want you to go. Mum (at the end) I know, my love. I know. Conor’s tears begin to spill now, in a quiet way. ConOR (again) I don’t want you to go. And there’s nothing more to say. He leans forward onto he bed, and slips an arm around her, holding on to her. The mother closes her eyes finally. We pull back, Conor h his mother, the Monster supporting him, his Grandma acros the bed, holding his Mum's hand. DissoLVE TO: 139 233. INT. hoSPITAL ROOM - niGHT - momeNTS LATER 139 .»-a slow approach towards the clock on the hospital room wall. As the second hand slowly sweeps from 12.06.40 to 12.06.45, we hear Conor’s earlier question to the Monster ConOR (v.0.) How does the fourth story end? And this time, we hear the Monster’s response. MonSTER (V.O.) It ends with the boy holding on tight to his mother. And by doing so, he can finally let her go. We dissolve gently to black before the second hand's swee reaches 12.07. Fade TO BLACK. Then fade up on: 140 234. inT. grandma’s front HALLWAY - dawn 140 It’s the morning after. Dawn light comes in through the windows. A clock reads 7am. Conor and Grandma enter, wear the same clothes as the night before. They’re spent, exhausted. They climb the stairs, together in their grief. 141 235. INT. grandma’s CORRIDOR/ UPSTAIRS - conTINUOUS 141 Conor heads to the Guest Bedroom but: GranDMA No. He stops. She nods to the loft conversion that’s always b locked.