2) 0) text: A very long shot of Kane's enormous bed, silhouetted agai the enormous window.
3) 3) text: The camera pulls back, showing the whole scene to be cont in one of those glass balls which are sold in novelty sto all over the world.  A hand - Kane's hand, which has been holding the ball, relaxes.  The ball falls out of his han bounds down two carpeted steps leading to the bed, the ca following.  The ball falls off the last step onto the mar floor where it breaks, the fragments glittering in the fi rays of the morning sun.  This ray cuts an angular patter across the floor, suddenly crossed with a thousand bars o light as the blinds are pulled across the window. The foot of Kane's bed.  The camera very close.  Outlined against the shuttered window, we can see a form - the for a nurse, as she pulls the sheet up over his head.  The ca follows this action up the length of the bed and arrives the face after the sheet has covered it.
4) 25) text: 1891-1911 - a map of the USA, covering the entire screen, in animated diagram shows the Kane publications spreading city to city.  Starting from New York, minature newboys s madly to Chicago, Detroit, St. Louis, Los Angeles, San  Francisco, Washington, Atlanta, El Paso, etc., screaming  "Wuxtry, Kane Papers, Wuxtry." Shot of a large mine going full blast, chimneys belching trains moving in and out, etc.  A large sign reads "Color Lode Mining Co." (1940)  Sign reading; "Little Salem, CO
4) 41) text: Newsreel of Union Square meeting, section of crowd carryi banners urging the boycott of Kane papers.  A speaker is the platform above the crowd.
4) 44) text: Silent newsreel on a windy platform, flag-draped, in fron the magnificent Enquirer building.  On platform, in full  ceremonial dress, is Charles Foster Kane.  He orates sile
4) 56) text: More shots as before, only this time we see (in miniature large mountain - at different periods in its development rising out of the sands. Shots of elephants, apes, zebras, etc. being herded, unlo shipped, etc. in various ways. Shots of packing cases being unloaded from ships, from tr from trucks, with various kinds of lettering on them (Ita Arabian, Chinese, etc.) but all consigned to Charles Fost Kane, Xanadu, Florida. A reconstructed still of Xanadu - the main terrace.  A gr of persons in clothes of the period of 1917.  In their mi clearly recognizable, are Kane and Susan.
4) 73) text: Newreel shot - closeup of Kane delivering a speech...  (1 The front page of a contemporary paper - a screaming head Twin phots of Kane and Susan.  (1910) Printed title about Depression. Once more repeat the map of the USA 1932-1939.  Suddenly, cartoon goes into reverse, the empire begins to shrink,  illustrating the narrator's words. The door of a newspaper office with the signs: "Closed."
5) 0) text: A fairly large one, with a long throw to the screen.  It dark. The image of Kane as an old man remains constant on the s as camera pulls back, slowly taking in and registering  Projection Room.  This action occurs, however, only after first few lines of encuring dialogue have been spoken.  T shadows of the men speaking appear as they rise from thei chairs - black against the image of Kane's face on the sc NOTE:  These are the editors of a "News Digest" short, an the Rawlston magazines.  All his enterprises are represen in the projection room, and Rawlston himself, that great is present also and will shortly speak up. During the entire course of this scene, nobody's face is seen.  Sections of their bodies are picked out by a table a silhouette is thrown on the screen, and their faces and are themselves thrown into silhouette against the brillia slanting rays of light from the projection room. A Third Man is on the telephone.  We see a corner of his and the phone.
5) 5) text: Murmur of highly salaried assent at this.  Rawlston walks camera and out of the picture.  Others are rising.  Camer during all of this, apparently does its best to follow ac and pick up faces, but fails.  Actually, all set-ups are planned very carefully to exclude the element of personal from this scene; which is expressed entirely by voices, s sillhouettes and the big, bright image of Kane himself on screen.
10) 0) text: The white of a great field of snow, seen from the angle o parlor window. In the same position of the last word in above Insert, ap the tiny figure of Charles Foster Kane, aged five (almost an animated cartoon).  He is in the act of throwing a sno at the camera.  It sails toward us and over our heads, ou scene. Reverse angle - on the house featuring a large sign readi
11) 0) text: Camera is angling through the window, but the window-fram not cut into scene.  We see only the field of snow again, angle as in previous scene.  Charles is manufacturing ano snowball.  Now - Camera pulls back, the frame of the window appearing, and are inside the parlor of the boardinghouse.  Mrs. Kane, a about 28, is looking out towards her son.  Just as we tak in she speaks:
11) 1) dialog: (calling out) Be careful, Charles!
11) 3) dialog: (Calling out the  window almost on  top of this) Pull your muffler around your neck,  Charles -
11) 4) text: But Charles, deliriously happy in the snow, is oblivious this and is running away.  Mrs. Kane turns into camera an see her face - a strong face, worn and kind.
11) 7) dialog: I'll sign those papers -
11) 8) dialog: You people seem to forget that I'm  the boy's father.
11) 9) text: At the sound of Kane Sr.'s voice, both have turned to him the camera pulls back still further, taking him in. Kane Sr., who is the assistant curator in a livery stable been groomed as elegantly as is likely for this meeting e since daybreak. From outside the window can be heard faintly the wild and cheerful cries of the boy, blissfully cavorting in the sn
11) 10) dialog: It's going to be done exactly the way I've told Mr. Thatcher -
11) 11) dialog: If I want to, I can go to court. father has a right to -
11) 13) dialog: Well, I don't hold with signing my  boy away to any bank as guardian just because -
11) 14) dialog: (quietly) I want you to stop all this  nonsense, Jim.
11) 16) dialog: The idea of a bank being the  guardian -
11) 17) text: Mrs. Kane has met his eye.  Her triumph over him finds  expression in his failure to finish his sentence.
11) 18) dialog: (even more quietly) I want you to stop all this  nonsense, Jim.
11) 20) text: Kane Sr. opens his mouth once or twice, as if to say some but chokes down his opinion.
11) 21) dialog: (has been reading  past Thatcher's  shoulder as he  talked) Where do I sign, Mr. Thatcher?
11) 23) dialog: (sulkily) Don't say I didn't warn you.
11) 24) text: Mrs. Kane lifts the quill pen.
11) 25) dialog: Mary, I'm asking you for the last  time - anyon'd think I hadn't been a good husband and a -
11) 26) text: Mrs. Kane looks at him slowly.  He stops his speech.
11) 28) text: Mrs. Kane puts pen to the paper and signs.
11) 29) dialog: Well, let's hope it's all for the  best.
11) 30) dialog: It is.  Go on, Mr. Thatcher -
11) 31) text: Mrs. Kane, listening to Thatcher, of course has had her o ear bent in the direction of the boy's voice.  Thatcher i aware both of the boy's voice, which is counter to his ow and of Mrs. Kane's divided attention.  As he pauses, Kane genteelly walks over to close the window.
12) 0) text: Kane Jr., seen from Kane Sr.'s position at the window.  H advancing on the snowman, snowballs in his hands, droppin one knee the better to confound his adversary.
12) 1) dialog: If the rebels want a fight boys,  let's give it to 'em!
12) 3) dialog: The terms are underconditional  surrender.  Up and at 'em!  The  Union forever!
13) 0) text: Kane Sr. closes the window.
13) 2) text: Mrs. Kane rises and goes to the window.
13) 3) dialog: Go on, Mr. Thatcher.
14) 0) text: Kane Jr., seen from Mrs. Kane's position at the window. now within ten feet of the snowman, with one snowball lef which he is holding back in his right hand.
14) 1) dialog: You can't lick Andy Jackson!  Old  Hickory, that's me!
15) 0) text: Mrs. Kane at the window.  Thatcher is now standing at her
15) 1) dialog: I've got his trunk all packed - (she chokes a little) I've it packed for a couple of  weeks -
15) 4) text: He stops as he realizes that Mrs. Kane has paid no attent to him and, having opened the door, is already well into hall that leads to the side door of the house.  He takes look at Kane Sr., tightens his lips and follows Mrs. Kane Kane, shoulders thrown back like one who bears defeat bra follows him.
16) 0) text: Kane, in the snow-covered field.  With the snowman betwee and the house, he is holding the sled in his hand, just a to make the little run that prefaces a belly-flop.  The K house, in the background, is a dilapidated, shabby, two-s frame building, with a wooden outhouse.  Kane looks up as sees the single file procession, Mrs. Kane at its head, c toward him.
16) 1) dialog: H'ya, Mom.
16) 2) text: Mrs. Kane smiles.
16) 3) dialog: (gesturing at the  snowman) See, Mom?  I took the pipe out of  his mouth.  If it keeps on snowin', maybe I'll make some teeth and -
16) 4) dialog: You better come inside, son.  You  and I have got to get you all ready for - for -
16) 6) dialog: This is Mr. Thatcher, Charles.
16) 8) dialog: He comes from the east.
16) 9) dialog: Hello.  Hello, Pop.
16) 10) dialog: Hello, Charlie!
16) 11) dialog: Mr. Thatcher is going to take you  on a trip with him tonight, Charles. You'll be leaving on Number Ten.
16) 12) dialog: That's the train with all the  lights.
16) 13) dialog: You goin', Mom?
16) 15) dialog: Where'm I going?
16) 16) dialog: You're going to see Chicago and  New York - and Washington, maybe... Isn't he, Mr. Thatcher?
16) 18) dialog: Why aren't you comin' with us,  Mom?
16) 19) dialog: We have to stay here, Charles.
16) 20) dialog: You're going to live with Mr.  Thatcher from now on, Charlie!   You're going to be rich.  Your Ma  figures - that is, re - she and I  have decided that this isn't the  place for you to grow up in. You'll probably be the richest man  in America someday and you ought  to -
16) 21) dialog: You won't be lonely, Charles...
16) 23) text: Kane stares at him.
16) 27) text: He's near enough to try to put a hand on Kane's shoulder. he does, Kane kicks him in the ankle.
16) 28) dialog: Charles!
16) 29) text: He throws himself on her, his arms around her.  Slowly Mr Kane puts her arms around him.
16) 30) dialog: (frightened) Mom!  Mom!
16) 31) dialog: It's all right, Charles, it's all  right.
16) 33) dialog: Sorry, Mr. Thatcher!  What the kid  needs is a good thrashing!
16) 34) dialog: That's what you think, is it, Jim?
16) 35) dialog: Yes.
16) 36) text: Mrs. Kane looks slowly at Mr. Kane.
16) 37) dialog: (slowly) That's why he's going to be brought  up where you can't get at him.
17) 0) text: Thatcher, with a look of mingled exasperation, annoyance, sympathy and inability to handle the situation, is standi alongside a berth, looking at Kane.  Kane, his face in th pillow, is crying with heartbreaking sobs.
17) 1) dialog: Mom!  Mom!
18) 3) dialog: I don't know how to run a newspaper,  Mr. Thatcher.  I just try everything  I can think of.
18) 5) dialog: Can you prove it isn't?
18) 7) dialog: Mr. Bernstein, Mr. Thatcher -
18) 11) dialog: That's all right.  We have no  secrets from our readers.  Mr.  Thatcher is one of our most devoted  readers, Mr.  Bernstein.  He knows  what's wrong with every issue since  I've taken charge.  What's the  cable?
18) 14) dialog: I think we'll have to send our  friend Wheeler a cable, Mr.  Bernstein.  Of course, we'll have  to make it shorter than his, because  he's working on an expense account  and we're not.  Let me see - (snaps his fingers) Mike!
18) 16) dialog: Dear Wheeler - (pauses a moment) You provide the prose poems - I'll  provide the war.
18) 19) dialog: I rather like it myself.  Send it  right away.
18) 22) text: Mike and Bernstein leave.  Kane looks up, grinning at Tha who is bursting with indignation but controls himself.  A a moment of indecision, he decides to make one last try.
18) 24) dialog: Won't you step into my office, Mr. Thatcher?
19) 0) text: Kane holds the door open for Thatcher.  They come in toge
19) 1) dialog: Mr. Thatcher, isn't everything  I've been saying in the Enquirer  about the traction trust absolutely  true?
19) 3) dialog: The trouble is, Mr. Thatcher, you  don't realize you're talking to two people.
19) 4) text: Kane moves around behind his desk.  Thatcher doesn't unde looks at him.
19) 5) dialog: As Charles Foster Kane, who has                          eighty-two thousand, six hundred  and thirty-one shares of  Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I  do have a rough idea of my holdings - I sympathize with you.  Charles  Foster Kane is a dangerous  scoundrel, his paper should be run  out of town and a committee should  be formed to boycott him.  You  may, if you can form such a  committee, put me down for a  contribution of one thousand  dollars.
19) 7) dialog: On the other hand - (his manner becomes  serious) I am the publisher of the Enquirer. As such, it is my duty - I'll let  you in on a little secret, it is  also my pleasure - to see to it  that decent, hard-working people  of this city are not robbed blind  by a group of money - mad pirates  because, God help them, they have  no one to look after their  interests!  I'll let you in on  another little secret, Mr. Thatcher.   I think I'm the man to do it.  You  see, I have money and property -
19) 9) dialog: If I don't defend the interests of  the underprivileged, somebody else  will - maybe somebody without any  money or any property and that  would be too bad.
19) 10) text: Thatcher glares at him, unable to answer.  Kane starts to
19) 11) dialog: Do you know how to tap, Mr.  Thatcher?  You ought to learn - (humming quietly,  he continues to  dance)
19) 14) dialog: You're right.  We did lose a million  dollars last year.
19) 16) dialog: We expect to lost a million next year, too.  You know, Mr. Thatcher - (starts tapping  quietly) at the rate of a million a year - we'll have to close this place in  sixty years.
21) 0) text: Closeup of a still of Kane, aged about sixty-five.  Camer pulls back, showing it is a framed photograph on the wall Over the picture are crossed American flags.  Under it si Bernstein, back of his desk.  Bernstein, always an unders Jew, now seems even smaller than in his youth.  He is bal an egg, spry, with remarkably intense eyes.  As camera co to travel back, the back of Thompson's head and his shoul come into the picture.
23) 0) text: It is late.  The room is almost empty.  Nobody is at work the desks.  Bernstein, fifty, is waiting anxiously with a group of Kane's hirelings, most of them in evening dress overcoats and hats.  Eveybody is tense and expectant.
23) 20) text: Bernstein turns. Medium long shot of Kane, now forty-nine, already quite s He is in white tie, wearing his overcoat and carrying a f opera hat.
23) 22) text: The Hirelings rush, with Bernstein, to Kane's side.  Wide half-suppressed sensation.
23) 24) dialog: We've got a nice plant here.
23) 26) dialog: Was the show covered by every  department?
23) 28) dialog: (very, very casually) And the notice?
23) 30) dialog: (quietly) Is it good?
23) 32) text: Kane looks at him for a minute.
23) 34) dialog: (sharply) It isn't finished?
23) 36) dialog: That's Leland, isn't it?
23) 38) dialog: Has he said when he'll finish?
23) 40) dialog: He used to work fast - didn't he,  Mr. Bernstein?
23) 42) dialog: Where is he?
23) 44) text: The Hireling indicates the closed glass door of a little at the other end of the City Room.  Kane takes it in.
23) 46) dialog: That's all right, Mr. Bernstein.
23) 47) text: Kane crosses the length of the long City Room to the glas door indicated before by the Hireling.  The City Editor l at Bernstein.  Kane opens the door and goes into the offi closing the door behind him.
24) 0) text: Bernstein comes in.  An empty bottle is standing on Lelan desk.  He has fallen over his typewriter, his face on the A sheet of paper is in the machine.  A paragraph has been Kane is standing at the other side of the desk looking do him.  This is the first time we see murder in Kane's face Bernstein looks at Kane, then crosses to Leland.  He shak him.
24) 2) dialog: (finally; after a  pause) What does it say there?
24) 4) dialog: What's he written?
24) 7) dialog: Thais.
24) 8) text: Bernstein looks at Kane for a moment, then looks back, to
24) 10) dialog: (after a short  silence) Go on!
24) 12) text: Kane snatches the paper from the roller and reads it for  himself.  Slowly, a queer look comes over his face.  Then speaks, very quietly.
24) 13) dialog: Of her acting, it is absolutely  impossible to say anything except  that it represents a new low... (then sharply) Have you got that, Mr. Bernstein? In the opinion of this reviewer -
24) 15) dialog: It isn't here, Mr. Bernstein.  I'm  dictating it.
24) 17) dialog: Get me a typewriter.  I'll finish  the notice.
25) 0) text: Long shot of Kane in his shirt sleeves, illuminated by a light, typing furiously.  As the camera starts to pull ev farther away from this, and as Bernstein - as narrator - to speak -
27) 0) text: The front half of the second floor constitutes one large Room.  Despite the brilliant sunshine outside, very littl it is actually getting into the room because the windows small and narrow.  There are about a dozen tables and des of the old-fashioned type, not flat, available for report Two tables, on a raised platform at the end of the room,  obviously serve the city room executives.  To the left of platform is an open door which leads into the Sanctrum. As Kane and Leland enter the room, an elderly, stout gent the raised platform, strikes a bell and the other eight  occupants of the room - all men - rise and face the new  arrivals.  Carter, the elderly gent, in formal clothes, r and starts toward them.
27) 2) dialog: Thank you, Mr Carter.  This is Mr. Leland.
27) 4) dialog: (pointing to the  standing reporters) Are they standing for me?
27) 6) dialog: (grinning) Ask them to sit down.
27) 8) dialog: I don't my plans myself.
27) 10) dialog: As a matter of fact, I haven't got  any.  Except to get out a newspaper.
27) 12) dialog: Oh, Mr. Bernstein!
27) 14) dialog: If you would come here a moment, please, Mr. Bernstein?
27) 16) dialog: Mr. Carter, this is Mr. Bernstein. Mr. Bernstein is my general manager.
27) 18) dialog: You've got a private office here,  haven't you?
27) 21) dialog: I'm going to live right here. (reflectively) As long as I have to.
27) 23) dialog: That's one of the things I think  must be changed, Mr. Carter.  The  news goes on for twenty-four hours  a day.
28) 0) text: Kane, in his shirt sleeves, at a roll-top desk in the San is working feverishly on copy and eating a very sizeable at the same time.  Carter, still formally coated, is seat alongside him.  Leland, seated in a corner, is looking on detached, amused.  The furniture has been pushed around a Kane's effects are somewhat in place.  On a corner of the Bernstein is writing down figures.  No one pays any atten to him.
28) 1) dialog: I'm not criticizing, Mr. Carter,  but here's what I mean.  There's a  front page story in the "Chronicle," (points to it) and a picture - of a woman in  Brooklyn who is missing.  Probably  murdered. (looks to make sure  of the name) A Mrs. Harry Silverstone.  Why  didn't the "Enquirer" have that  this morning?
28) 3) text: Kane has finished eating.  He pushes away his plates.
28) 4) dialog: I'm still hungry, Brad.  Let's go  to Rector's and get something  decent. (pointing to the  "Chronicle" before  him) The "Chronicle" has a two-column  headline, Mr. Carter.  Why haven't  we?
28) 6) dialog: If the headline is big enough, it  makes the new big enough.  The  murder of Mrs. Harry Silverstone -
28) 8) dialog: (smiling a bit) The "Chronicle" doesn't say she's  murdered, Mr. Carter.  It says the  neighbors are getting suspicious.
28) 10) dialog: (gently) That's the kind of thing we are  going to be interested in from now  on, Mr. Carter.  Right now, I wish  you'd send your best man up to see  Mr. Silverstone.  Have him tell  Mr.  Silverstone if he doesn't  produce his wife at once, the  "Enquirer" will have him arrested. (he gets an idea) Have him tell Mr. Silverstone he's  a detective from the Central Office. If Mr. Silverstone asks to see his  badge, your man is to get indignant  and call Mr. Silverstone an  anarchist.
28) 13) text: Kane isn't listening to him.
28) 14) dialog: Oh, Mr. Bernstein!
28) 16) dialog: I've just made a shocking discovery. The "Enquirer" is without a  telephone.  Have two installed at  once!
28) 18) text: Kane looks at Leland with a fond nod of his head at Berns Leland grins back.  Mr. Carter, meantime, has risen stiff
28) 20) dialog: That'll be all today, Mr. Carter. You've been most understanding. Good day, Mr. Carter!
28) 23) dialog: (shakes his head) What makes those fellows think  that a newspaper is something rigid,  something inflexible, that people are supposed to pay two cents for -
28) 25) dialog: (calmly) Two cents.
28) 26) text: Bernstein lifts his head and looks at Kane.  Kane gazes b at him.
28) 28) dialog: Re-figure it, Mr. Bernstein, at  two cents.
28) 30) dialog: Ready for dinner, Brad?
28) 34) dialog: It's a saying, Mr. Bernstein.  A  new broom sweeps clean.
29) 3) dialog: These pages aren't made up as I  want them, Mr. Smathers.  We go to  press in five minutes.
29) 7) text: Kane looks up.
29) 9) dialog: It is accepted, Mr. Carter, with  assurances of my deepest regard.
29) 11) text: Kane turns his back on him, speaks again to the composing foreman.
29) 12) dialog: (quietly) Let's remake these pages, Mr.  Smathers.  We'll have to publish a  half hour late, that's all.
29) 14) text: Kane sighs, unperturbed, as he reaches out his hand and s the forms off the table onto the floor, where they scatte into hundreds of bits.
29) 15) dialog: You can remake them now, can't  you, Mr. Smathers?
29) 17) dialog: After the types 've been reset and  the pages have been remade according  to the way I told you before, Mr. Smathers, kindly have proofs pulled  and bring them to me.  Then, if I  can't find any way to improve them again - (almost as if  reluctantly) - I suppose we'll have to go to  press.
31) 0) text: The newsboys are still heard from the street below - fain but very insistent. Kane's office is gas-lit, of course, as is the rest of th Enquirer building. Kane, in his shirt sleeves, stands at the open window loo out.  The bed is already made up.  On it is seated Bernst smoking the end of a cigar.  Leland is in a chair.
31) 2) text: Kane, taking a deep breath of the morning air, closes the and turns to the others.  The voices of the newsboys, nat are very much fainter after this.
31) 6) dialog: Tired?
31) 8) dialog: A wasted day.
31) 12) dialog: I've changed the front page a  little, Mr. Bernstein.  That's not  enough - There's something I've  got to get into this paper besides  pictures and print -  I've got to  make the "New York Enquirer" as  important to New York as the gas  in that light.
31) 14) text: Kane looks at him for a minute with a queer smile of happ concentration.
31) 15) dialog: My Declaration of Principles - (he says it with  quotes around it) Don't smile, Brad - (getting the idea) Take dictation, Mr. Bernstein -
31) 17) dialog: I'll write it myself.
31) 18) text: Kane grabs a piece of rough paper and a grease crayon.  S down on the bed next to Bernstein, he starts to write.
31) 20) dialog: (as he writes) These'll be kept. (stops for a minute  and reads what he  has written; reading) I'll provide the people of this  city with a daily paper that will  tell all the news honestly. (starts to write  again; reading as  he writes) will also provide them -
31) 22) dialog: (looking up) People are going to know who's  responsible.  And they're going to get the news - the true news - quickly and simply and  entertainingly. (he speaks with  real conviction) And no special interests will be  allowed to interfere with the truth  of that news.
31) 23) text: He looks at Leland for a minute and goes back to his writ reading as he writes. Bernstein has risen and crossed to one side of Kane.  The both stand looking out.  Leland joins him on the other si Their three heads are silhouetted against the sky.  Lelan head is seen to turn slightly as he looks into Kane's fac camera very close on this - Kane turns to him and we know eyes have met, although their faces are almost in sillhou Bernstein is still smoking a cigar.
32) 5) dialog: (indicating the  Chronicle Building) Let's hope they like it there.
32) 7) dialog: (pointing to the  sign over the  photograph in the  window) Look at that.
32) 9) dialog: It's a good idea for a newspaper. (reading the figures) Four hundred sixy thousand.
32) 11) dialog: You're right, Mr. Bernstein.
32) 13) dialog: I know.
32) 14) text: Kane, smiling, lights a cigarette, at the same time looki into the window.  Camera moves in to hold on the photogra nine men, still holding the reflection of Kane's smiling
33) 0) text: Nine men, arrayed as in the photograph, but with Kane bea in the center of the first row.  The men, variously with  mustaches, beards, bald heads, etc. are easily identified being the same men, Reilly prominent amongst them. As camera pulls back, it is revealed that they are being  photographed - by an old-type professional photographer, box, black hood and all - in a corner of the room.  It is at night.  Desks, etc. have been pushed against the wall. Running down the center of the room is a long banquet tab at which twenty diners have finished their meals.  The el remaining at their seats - these include Bernstein and Le are amusedly watching the photographic ceremonies.
33) 3) dialog: (a sudden thought) Make up an extra copy and mail it  to the "Chronicle."
33) 5) dialog: Gentlemen of the "Enquirer"!  This  has, I think, been a fitting welcome to those distinguished journalists - (indicates the eight  men) Mr. Reilly in particular - who are  the latest additions to our ranks. It will make them happy to learn  that the "Enquirer's" circulation  this morning passed the two hundred  thousand mark.
33) 8) dialog: All of you - new and old -  You're  all getting the best salaries in  town.  Not one of you has been  hired because of his loyalty.   It's your talent I'm interested  in.  That talent that's going to  make the "Enquirer" the kind of  paper I want - the best newspaper  in the world!
33) 10) dialog: However, I think you'll agree we've  heard enough about newspapers and  the newspaper business for one  night.  There are other subjects  in the world.
33) 11) text: He puts his two fingers in his mouth and lets out a shril whistle.  This is a signal.  A band strikes up a lively d of the period and enters in advance a regiment of very  magnificent maidens, as daringly arrayed as possible in t chorus costumes of the day.  The rest of this episode wil planned and staged later.  Its essence is that Kane is ju healthy and happy young man having a wonderful time. As some of the girls are detached from the line and made partners for individual dancing -
34) 0) text: Cartoon, highly dramatic and very involved as to content lousy with captions, labels, and symbolic figures, the mo gruesome and recognizable - "Capitalistic Greed."  This c is almost finished and is on a drawing board before which Kane and the artist himself.  Kane is grinning over some  suggestion he has made.
35) 0) text: Cartoonist and Kane working on comic strip of "Johnny the
36) 2) dialog: Thank you.
36) 3) text: Kane and Leland and Bernstein start up the gangplank.
36) 5) dialog: Thanks.
36) 7) dialog: I promise not to bring any more  Venuses and not to worry - and not  to try to get in touch with any of the papers -
36) 9) dialog: - and to forget about the new  feature sections - and not to try  to think up and ideas for comic  sections.
36) 11) text: Kane leaves Leland and Bernstein midway up gangplank, as rushes up to it, calling back with a wave:
36) 12) dialog: Goodbye, gents! (at the top of the  gangplank, he turns  and calls down) Hey!
36) 13) dialog: (calling down to  them) You don't expect me to keep any of  those promises, do you?
38) 0) text: The whole floor is now a City Room.  It is twice its form size, yet not too large for all the desks and the people them.  The windows have been enlarged, providing a good d more light and air.  A wall calendar says September 9th. Kane and Bernstein enter and stand in the entrance a mome Kane, who really did look a bit peaked before, is now cle eyed and tanned.  He is wearing new English clothes.  As come into the room, Bernstein practically walking sideway doing nothing but beaming and admiring Kane, quelling lik mother at the Carnegie Hall debut of her son.  Seeing and recognizing Kane, the entire staff rises to its feet.
38) 1) dialog: (referring to the  staff; with a smile) Ask them to sit down, Mr. Bernstein.
38) 5) dialog: We certainly do.  Vacation's over - starting right after dinner.  But right now - that lady over there - (he indicates a  woman at the desk) - that's the new society editor, I  take it?  You think I could  interrupt her a moment, Mr.  Bernstein?
38) 7) text: He trails after Kane as he approaches the Society Editor' desk.  The Society Editor, a middle-aged spinster, sees h approaching and starts to quake all over, but tries to pr she isn't aware of him.  An envelope in her hand shakes  violently.  Kane and Bernstein stop at her desk.
38) 13) dialog: (very hesitatingly  and very softly) Miss Townsend -
38) 15) dialog: I've been away for several months,  and I don't know exactly how these  things are handled now.  But one  thing I wanted to be sure of is  that you won't treat this little  announcement any differently than  you would any other similar  announcement.
38) 17) dialog: (gently) Read it, Miss Townsend.  And  remember - just the regular  treatment!  See you at nine o'clock,  Mr. Bernstein!
38) 18) text: Kane leaves.  Bernstein looks after him, then at the pape Miss Townsend finally manages to open the envelope.  A pi of flimsy paper, with a few written lines, is her reward.
39) 0) text: High angle downward - what Bernstein and Miss Townsend se from the window. Kane is just stepping into an elegant barouch, drawn up a curb, in which sits Miss Emily Norton.  He kisses her ful the lips before he sits down.  She acts a bit taken aback because of the public nature of the scene, but she isn't annoyed.  As the barouche starts off, she is looking at h adoringly.  He, however, has turned his head and is looki adoringly at the "Enquirer."  He apparently sees Bernstei Miss Townsed and waves his hand.
43) 0) text: The party (previously shown in the Bernstein sequence). We start this sequence toward the end of the former one, from a fresh angle, holding on Leland, who is at the end the table.  Kane is heard off, making a speech.
43) 11) dialog: (finishing his speech) There are other subjects in the  world -
43) 12) text: Kane whistles.  The band and the chorus girls enter and h breaks loose all around Leland and Bernstein.
43) 16) text: Kane has come up to Leland and Bernstein.  He sits down n to them, lighting a cigarette.
43) 17) dialog: Well, gentlemen, are we going to  war?
43) 19) dialog: (enthusiastically) It'll be our first foreign war in  fifty years, Brad.  We'll cover it  the way the "Hickville Gazette"  covers the church social!  The  names of everybody there; what  they wore; what they ate; who won  the prizes; who gave the prizes - (gets excited) I tell you, Brad, I envy you. (quoting) By Bradford Leland, the "Enquirer's" Special Correspondent at the Front. I'm almost tempted -
43) 21) dialog: All right, Brad, all right - you  don't have to be a war correspondent  unless you want to - I'd want to. (looking up) Hello, Georgie.
43) 24) dialog: (looking around) If everybody's having fun, that's  the way I want it.
43) 27) dialog: (seriously) How would the "Enquirer" look with  no news about this non-existent  war - with Benton, Pulitzer and  Heart devoting twenty columns a  day to it?
43) 29) dialog: (grins) And I do it because they do it,  and they do it - it's a vicious  circle, isn't it? (rises) I'm going over to Georgie's, Brad - you know, Georgie, don't you?
43) 33) dialog: I told you about Brad, Georgie. He needs to relax.
43) 35) dialog: Some ships with wonderful wines  have managed to slip through the  enemy fleet that's blockading New York harbor - (grins) Georgie knows a young lady whom  I'm sure you'd adore - wouldn't  he, Georgie?  Why only the other  evening I said to myself, if Brad  were only here to adore this young  lady - this - (snaps his fingers) What's her name again?
43) 41) text: Camera pans to include Kane, seated at piano, with girls  gathered around him.
43) 44) text: Kane has broken into "Oh, Mr. Kane!" and Charlie and the start to sing.  Ethel leads the unhappy Leland over to th group.  Kane, seeing Leland and taking his eye, motions t professor who has been standing next to him to take over. professor does so.  The singing continues.  Kane rises an crosses to Leland.
43) 45) dialog: Say, Brad. (draws him slightly  aside) I've got an idea.
43) 47) dialog: I mean I've got a job for you.
43) 49) dialog: You don't want to be a war  correspondent - how about being a  dramatic critic?
43) 51) text: Kane starts quietly to dance in time to the music.  Lelan smiles at him.
43) 52) dialog: You start tomorrow night.  Richard  Carl in "The Spring Chicken." (or supply show) I'll get us some girls.  You get  tickets.  A drama critic gets them  free, you know. (grins) Rector's at seven?
43) 54) dialog: Yes?
43) 56) dialog: (has stopped dancing) You're wrong.  It does make a  difference to you -  Rector's,  Brad? (starts to dance  again) Come to think of it, I don't blame  you for not wanting to be a war  correspondent.  You won't miss  anything.  It isn't much of a war. Besides, they tell me there isn't  a decent restaurant on the whole  island.
44) 0) text: Leland, Kane, two young ladies at Rector's.  Popular musi heard over the soundtrack.  Everybody is laughing very, v hard at something Kane has said.  The girls are hysterica Kane can hardly breathe.  As Leland's laughter becomes mo and more hearty, it only increases the laughter of the ot
45) 0) text: As told by Bernstein.  Kane is calling down to Leland and Bernstein (as before).
45) 1) dialog: You don't expect me to keep any of  those promises, do you?
47) 0) text: This scene is shot so as never to show the President - or least never his face.  There is present the President's  Secretary, sitting on one side of the desk, intently taki notes.  Kane is on his feet, in front of the desk, tense glaring.
47) 2) dialog: I'm not suggesting anything, Mr. President!  I've come here to tell  you that, unless some action is  taken promptly - and you are the  only one who can take it - the oil  that is the property of the people  of this country will be turned  over for a song to a gang of high- pressure crooks!
47) 4) dialog: (screaming) It's the only vein I know.  I tell  the facts the way I see them.  And any man that knows that facts -
47) 6) dialog: Thanks.
47) 8) dialog: (building to a frenzy) I'm much obliged, Mr. President,  for your concern about me.  However,  I happen to be concerned at this  moment with the matter of extensive  oil lands belonging to the people  of the United States, and I say  that if this lease goes through,  the property of the people of the  United States goes into the hands  of -
47) 10) text: The Secretary rises.  Kane, with every bit of will power  remotely at his disposal to control what might become an  hysterical outburst, manages to bow.
47) 11) dialog: Mr. President.
48) 0) text: Kane, Reilly, Leland and a composing room Foreman, in wor clothes, bending over a table with several forms of type. They are looking, at this moment, at a made-up headline - Kane's back is in the way ... so we can't read it.
48) 2) text: Reilly glances at his wrist watch and makes a face.  Kane as he notices this.
48) 3) dialog: All right.  Let her slide!
50) 0) text: Kane in shirtsleeves at phone.
50) 1) dialog: It's a news story!  Get it on the  street!
52) 0) text: An angry crowd seen from the window of Kane's office.  Th make a deep threatening sound which is audible during the following scene.  Across the heads of the crowd are two g squares of light from the windows above them.  One of the disappears as the blind is pulled.  As the dissolve compl itself, the second square of light commences to reduce in and then the entire street is cut off by a blind which Le pulls down, covering the entire frame.
53) 1) dialog: (to Reilly) Take dictation -  Front page  editorial -  "This afternoon a  great man was assassinated.  He  was the President of the United  States -"
53) 3) dialog: Yes?
53) 5) dialog: Why not?
53) 8) dialog: (still looking at  Leland) What do you mean by that?
53) 11) dialog: (still holding on  Leland) What do you mean by that?
53) 13) dialog: Because the crackpot who did it  had a copy of the "Enquirer" in  his pocket?
53) 15) dialog: I said treason was a capital offense punishable by death -
53) 17) dialog: They're true!  Everything I said! Witholding that veto was treason!
53) 19) dialog: (riding over him) Oil belonging to the people of the  United States was leased out for a  song to a gang of high-pressure crooks -  Nobody can blame me  because -
53) 21) text: Kane stops - looks at him.
53) 23) dialog: (snarling) What lesson?  Not to expose fraud  when I see it?  Not to fight for  the right of the people to own  their own property? (he turns to Reilly) Run it the way I said, Reilly -  "This afternoon a great man was  assassinated -"
53) 25) dialog: (sharply) I don't have to.  I run a newspaper  with half a million readers and  they're getting a martyred president  this morning with their breakfast. I can't help that.  Besides, they  all know I'm married to his niece.   I've got to think of her.
53) 27) dialog: I've got to think of Emily -
53) 29) dialog: Go ahead.
53) 30) text: Leland looks back at Kane, is conscious of the boys stand around.
54) 2) text: Kane stands in the door, waiting for Leland.  Leland gets and moves toward the office - goes in, sits down across f Kane at the desk.  An uncomfortable pause.  Then Kane smi ingratiatingly.  Leland tries to cope with this.
54) 4) dialog: (not cruelly -  genuinely kind) What's wrong, Brad?
54) 6) dialog: I'll get you some coffee.
54) 9) dialog: (gently - opening  the door) That's just a little promotion  scheme.  Nobody expects you - (calling) Mike, will you try and get Mr.  Leland some coffee?
54) 11) text: Kane turns back to Leland.  Leland doesn't look up at him
54) 13) dialog: Why, Brad?
54) 15) text: Kane goes around behind the desk and sits down.
54) 16) dialog: I'll tell you what I'll do, Brad - I'll get drunk, too - maybe that'll  help.
54) 18) text: Kane looks at Leland sharply before he speaks.
54) 19) dialog: (quietly) All right.
54) 21) dialog: I don't think so, Brad.  We've  just had word that the President  is out of danger. (ruefully) It seems I didn't kill him after  all.
54) 23) text: Kane takes this in.
54) 25) dialog: (sharply) Brad, you are drunk.
54) 27) dialog: Why is she leaving me?
54) 29) dialog: Do you think the "Enquirer"  shouldn't have campaigned against  the oil leases?
54) 31) text: No answer from Kane.
54) 33) text: Still no answer from Kane.
54) 35) dialog: The personal note is all there is  to it.  It's all there ever is to  it.  It's all there every is to  anything!  Stupidity in our  government, complacency and self- satisfaction and unwillingness to  believe that anything done by a  certain class of people can be  wrong - you can't fight those things  impersonally.  They're not  impersonal crimes against people.   They're being done by actual persons -  with actual names and positions  and - the right of the American  people to own their own country is  not an academic issue, Brad, that  you debate - and then the judges  retire to return a verdict and the  winners give a dinner for the  losers.
54) 37) text: Kane looks at Leland, but Leland can't be stopped now.  H speaks very quietly - no poison in his voice - no persona indignation - as though he were explaining the nature of disease.
54) 39) dialog: Are you finished?
54) 41) dialog: (with a little smile) You're not going to like it in  Chicago.  They wind comes howling  in from the lake.  And there's practically no opera season at all - and the Lord only knows whether they've ever heard of Lobster  Newburg -
54) 43) dialog: (his face hardning  a little) Nothing - if she dosen't love me -
54) 46) dialog: It's simpler than that, Brad.  A  society girl can't stand the gaff,  that's all.  Other things are  important to her - social position,  what they're saying on the front  porches at Southampton, is it going  to be embarrassing to meet somebody or the other at dinner -
54) 47) text: Leland has turned, taking his eye again.  Now Kane stops smiles.
54) 48) dialog: She can leave me.  As a matter of  fact, I've already left her.  Don't  worry, Brad - I'll live.
54) 50) dialog: (with all his charm) Hey, Brad!  I've been analyzed an  awful lot tonight - let's have  another brandy.
54) 51) text: Leland shakes his head.  Kane lifts his glass.
54) 52) dialog: To love on my terms.  Those are  the only terms anybody knows ...   his own.
55) 0) text: Kane, Leland, and a couple of policemen make their way ou the front toward a hansom cab.
55) 2) text: A rock is thrown.  It hits Leland on the face.  A little flows.  Kane doesn't see it at first.  Then when he's in hansom cab, he turns and notices it.
55) 3) dialog: Are you hurt?
55) 7) dialog: You still want to be transferred  to the other paper?
55) 9) dialog: (leaning out of the  hansom cab) Well, you've been getting a pretty  low salary here in New York.  It  seems to me that the new dramatic  critic of our Chicago paper should  get what he's worth. (almost as a question)
56) 0) text: Emily is in bed, a damp cloth over her temples.  Kane is  standing at the foot of the bed.  The baby's bed is in a of the room.  The baby's nurse is standing near the crib, nurse for Emily is near her.  Kane is looking fixedly on who is staring tiredly at the ceiling.
56) 1) dialog: (to the nurse) Excuse us a moment, please.
56) 3) dialog: (peremptorily) I said, excuse us a moment.
56) 5) dialog: I've been talking to Leland.  Emily - You can't leave me now - not now -
56) 7) dialog: It isn't what it would do to my  changes in politics, Emily -  That  isn't it -  They were talking of  running me for governor, but now, of course, we'll have to wait - It isn't that, Emily -  It's just - the president is your uncle and  they're saying I killed him.
56) 9) dialog: That story about the murderer having  a copy of the "Enquirer" in his  pocket - the "Chronicle" made that  up out of whole cloth -  Emily,  please - He's going to be all right,  you know, he's going to recover - (bitterly) If it will make you any happier,  we had nine pages of advertising  cancelled in the first mail this  morning.  Bernstein is afraid to  open any more letters.  He -
56) 11) dialog: (exasperated) What do you expect me to do?  What in the world -
56) 16) dialog: (uncomfortably) They won't do anything to Junior,  darling. (contemptuously) Anonymous letter writers -   I've  got guards in front of the house, and I'm going to arrange -
56) 18) text: Kane is about to say something, but bites his lips instea Emily keeps staring at him.
56) 20) dialog: I've tried to tell you, Emily. The President's going to be all  right.  He had a comfortable night. There's no danger of any kind.
56) 23) dialog: Emily - you musn't leave me now - you can't do that to me.
56) 25) text: Kane, unwanted, ignored, looks on.  Tightening his lips, walks out.
57) 0) text: By the desk light, Kane is seen working with his usual  intensity,  Reilly standing beside him at the desk.
57) 1) dialog: We'll withdraw support completely. Anything else?
57) 3) dialog: What check?
57) 5) dialog: Oh, yes, the bonus.
57) 7) text: Kane is perplexed and worried, but we can see in a moment mind will be on something else.
57) 9) text: Kane doesn't answer.  Reilly goes on.  He has brought out piece of paper and is reading it.
57) 11) text: Kane has looked up sharply.  Reilly, sensing his look, st reading and meets his eye.  Slowly, Kane reaches out his Reilly hands him the piece of paper.  Without reading it, tears it up, throws it into the wastebasket at his side.
58) 0) text: The evening of the final great rally.  These shots remind of and are identical with and supplementary to the "News scenes earlier.  The vast auditorium with a huge picture Kane, cheering crowds, etc.  Emily and Junior are to be s in the front of a box.  Emily is tired and wears a forced on her face.  Junior, now aged nine and a half, is eager, eyed and excited.  Kane is just finishing his speech.
58) 1) dialog: It is no secret that I entered  upon this campaign with no thought  that I could be elected Governor  of this state!  It is now no secret  that every straw vote, every  independent pole, shows that I  will be elected.  And I repeat to  you - my first official act as  Governor will be to appoint a  special District Attorney to arrange  for the indictment, prosecution  and conviction of Boss Edward G.  Rogers!
59) 0) text: The Speaker's Platform.  Numerous officials and civic lea are crowding around Kane.  Cameramen take flash photograp with old-fashioined flash powder.
59) 3) dialog: Thank you, gentlemen.  Thank you.
59) 6) text: Kane pats him on the shoulder as he walks along.
59) 8) text: This is said almost inquiringly, as if he were hoping tha Kane would give him some assurance that McDonald is not m a mistake.  There is no answer from Kane.
59) 10) text: Kane is very pleased.  He continues with Reilly slowly th the crowd - a band playing off.  Bernstein joins him.
59) 11) dialog: It does seem too good to be true,  doesn't it, Mr. Bernstein?
59) 13) dialog: I think it's beginning to dawn on  Mr. Rogers that I mean what I say. With Mr. Rogers out of the way,  Reilly, I think we may really begin  to hope for a good government in  this state. (stopping) Well, Mr. Bernstein?
59) 15) dialog: You don't really think so?
59) 17) dialog: Please, Mr. Bernstein.
59) 19) text: Kane indicates he is to proceed.
60) 0) text: Emily and Junior are standing, waiting for Kane.
60) 2) text: Just then, Kane appears, with Reilly and several other me Kane rushes toward Emily and Junior, as the men politely Emily.
60) 3) dialog: Hello, Butch!  Did you like your  old man's speech?
60) 5) dialog: I saw you! (he has his arm  around Junior's  shoulder) Good night, gentlemen.
60) 6) text: There are good nights.  Kane's car is at the curb and he to walk toward it with Junior and Emily.
60) 8) dialog: But I'd arranged to go home with  you myself.
60) 10) dialog: It can wait.
60) 14) dialog: (as car starts to  drive off) What's this all about, Emily?   I've had a very tiring day and -
60) 20) dialog: I insist on being told exactly  what you have in mind.
60) 22) text: Kane's reaction indicates that the address definitely mea something to him.
60) 24) text: Kane nods.
60) 25) dialog: I'll go with you.
61) 0) text: Kane and Emily.  He looks at her, in search of some kind enlightenment.  Her face is set and impassive.
62) 0) text: Kane and Emily, in front of an apartment door.  Emily is  pressing the bell.
62) 1) dialog: I had no idea you had this flair  for melodrama, Emiliy.
62) 2) text: Emily does not answer.  The door is opened by a maid, who recognizes Kane.
63) 0) text: There is first a tiny reception room, through which an op door shows the living room.  Kane and Emily enter from th hallway and cross to the living room.  As they enter, Sus rises from a chair.  The other person  in the room - a bi heavyset man, a little past middle age - stays where he i leaning back in his chair, regarding Kane intently.
63) 6) dialog: (turning on Rogers) Rogers, I don't think I will  postpone doing something about you  until I'm elected. (he starts toward  him) To start with, I'll break your  neck.
63) 12) dialog: In case you don't know, Emily, this - this gentleman - (he puts a world of  scorn into the  word) is -
63) 15) dialog: You're a cheap, crooked grafter - and your concern for your children and your mother -
63) 17) dialog: I'm going to be elected governor. And the first thing I'm going to do -
63) 21) dialog: You can't blackmail me, Rogers,  you can't -
63) 24) text: Kane starts to stare at him intently.
63) 27) text: Emily looks at Kane.
63) 30) dialog: You do anything you want to do. The people of this state can decide  which one of us to trust.  If you  want to know, they've already  decided.  The election Tuesday'll  be only -
63) 36) dialog: Have you gone completely mad, Emily?
63) 38) dialog: You don't think I'm going to let  this blackmailer intimidate me, do  you?
63) 40) dialog: Oh, they'll publish it all right. But that's not going to stop me -
63) 42) dialog: (squirming a bit) I suppose so, but - I'm not afraid  of the story.  You can't tell me that the voters of this state -
63) 46) dialog: Oh yes, there is.
63) 48) dialog: No.
63) 50) dialog: There's only one person in the  world to decide what I'm going to  do - and that's me.  And if you think - if any of you think -
63) 52) dialog: Go on!  Get out!  I can fight this  thing all alone!
63) 54) dialog: (turning on him) Get out!  I've got nothing to talk  to you about.  If you want to see  me, have the Warden write me a  letter.
63) 57) dialog: I know exactly what I'm doing. (he is screaming) Get out!
63) 59) dialog: Too late for what?  Too late for you and this - (he can't find the  adjective) this public thief to take the love  of the people of this state away  from me?  Well, you won't do it, I  tell you.  You won't do it!
63) 62) dialog: (rushes to the door  and opens it) Get out, both of you!
63) 64) dialog: What are you waiting here for? Why don't you go?
63) 66) text: She walks out.  Rogers stops as he gets directly in front Kane.
63) 68) dialog: Don't you worry about me.  I'm  Charles Foster Kane.  I'm no cheap,  crooked politician, trying to save  himself from the consequences of his crimes -
64) 0) text: Camera angling toward Kane from other end of the hall.  R and Emily are already down the hall, moving toward foregr Kane in apartment doorway background.
64) 1) dialog: (screams louder) I'm going to send you to Sing Sing,  Rogers.  Sing Sing!
64) 2) text: Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Roge back.  Susan, quieter now, has snuggled into the hollow o shoulder as they stand in the doorway.
67) 7) text: During all this, the sound of a typewriter has been heard a busy typewriter.  Leland's eyes follow the sound.  Slow registers Kane in the City Room beyond.  This is almost t same shot as in the previous Bernstein story.
68) 0) text: Kane, in white tie and shirt sleeves, is typing away at a machine, his fingers working briskly and efficiently, his seen by the desk light before him, set in a strange half- Leland stands in the door of his office, staring across a him.
68) 5) text: Leland picks his way across the City Room to Kane's side. Kane goes on typing, without looking up.  After a pause, speaks.
68) 6) dialog: Hello, Brad.
68) 9) text: Kane stops typing, but doesn't turn.
68) 10) dialog: Sure, we're speaking, Brad - you're fired.
72) 2) dialog: (hopping up and  down and rubbing  his knee) Ow!
72) 4) dialog: It's not funny.
72) 5) text: He bites his lip and rubs his knee again.  Susan tries to control her laughter, but not very successfully.  Kane gl at her.
72) 9) dialog: What's the matter with you?
72) 11) dialog: Hmm!
72) 14) dialog: If these sidewalks were kept in  condition - instead of the money going to some cheap grafter -
72) 16) dialog: What's funny now?
72) 20) dialog: You're no Venus de Milo.
72) 22) dialog: Thanks.
72) 23) text: Susan starts, with Kane following her.
73) 0) text: It's in moderate disorder.  The Mansbach gas lights are o It's not really a classy room, but it's exactly what you' entitled to in 1910, for $5.00 a week including breakfast There is a bed, a couple of chairs, a chiffonier, and a f personal belongings on the chiffonier.  These include a  photograph of a gent and lady, obviously Susan's parents, a few objets d'art.  One, "At the Japanese Rolling Ball G at Coney Island," and - perhaps this is part of the Japan loot - the glass globe with the snow scene Kane was holdi his hand in the first sequence. Susan comes into the room, carrying a basin, with towels her arm.  Kane is waiting for her.  She doesn't close the
73) 2) text: Kane rushes to take the basin from her, putting it on the chiffonier.  To do this, he has to shove the photograph t side of the basin.  Susan grabs the photograph as it is a to fall over.
73) 4) dialog: I'm sorry.  They live here, too?
73) 7) dialog: Where's the soap?
73) 9) text: Kane fishes the soap out of the water.  It is slippery, h and slips out of his hand, hitting him in the chest befor falls to the floor.  Susan laughs as he bends over.
73) 10) dialog: (starting to wash  his hands) You're very easily amused.
73) 14) dialog: I can't stay here all night chasing  your pain away.
73) 16) text: Kane, with soaped hands, has rubbed his face and now cann open his eyes, for fear of getting soap in them.
73) 17) dialog: Where's the towel?
73) 19) dialog: (rubs his face dry) Thanks.
73) 21) dialog: I'll get these streets fixed, if  it's the last thing I do.
73) 23) dialog: (takes the brush) You are in pain, aren't you, you  poor kid?
73) 25) dialog: (brushing himself) Wish there was something I could -
73) 27) dialog: I've got an idea, young lady. (there is no response) Turn around and look at me. (there is still no  response) I said, turn around and look at  me, young lady.
73) 29) dialog: Did you ever see anybody wiggle  both his ears at the same time?
73) 31) dialog: Watch closely! (he wiggles his  ears) It took me two solid years at the  finest boys' school in the world  to learn that trick.  The fellow  who taught me is President of  Venezuela now.
73) 33) dialog: That's it!  Smile!
74) 0) text: Closeup of a duck, camera pulls back showing it to be a  shadowgraph on the wall, made by Kane, who is now in his sleeves.  It is about an hour later than preceding sequen
74) 2) dialog: No.  But you're close.
74) 4) dialog: You're getting farther away all  the time.  It's a duck.
74) 6) dialog: (looks squarely at  her) You really don't know who I am?
74) 8) dialog: But you like me, don't you?  Even  though you don't know who I am?
74) 10) dialog: And I know too many people.   Obviously, we're both lonely. (he smiles) Would you like to know where I was  going tonight - when you ran into  me and ruined my Sunday clothes?
74) 12) dialog: (as if defending  himself from a  terrible onslaught) I was only joking! (pauses) This evening I was on my way to the Western Manhattan Warehouses - in search of my youth.
74) 14) dialog: You see, my mother died, too - a  long time ago.  Her things were  put into storage out west because  I had no place to put them then. I still haven't.  But now I've  sent for them just the same.  And  tonight I'd planned to make a sort  of sentimental journey - (slowly) - to the scenes of my youth - my  childhood, I suppose - to look  again at - (he changes mood  slightly) and now -
74) 15) text: Kane doesn't finish.  He looks at Susan.  Silence.
74) 16) dialog: Who am I?  Well, let's see.  Charles  Foster Kane was born in New Salem, Colorado in eighteen six - (he stops on the  word "sixty" -  obviously a little  embarrassed) I run a couple of newspapers.  How  about you?
74) 18) dialog: How old did you say you were?
74) 20) dialog: I didn't think you did.  If you  had, I wouldn't have asked you  again, because I'd have remembered. How old?
74) 22) dialog: (looks at her  silently for a  moment) That's a ripe old age -  What do  you do?
74) 24) dialog: Is that what you want to do?
74) 26) dialog: (sympathetically) What happened to the singing? You're not in a show, are you?
74) 28) text: A sudden look comes over Kane's face.
74) 29) dialog: Yes -
74) 31) dialog: (points to the piano) Would you sing for me?
74) 33) dialog: Yes, I would.  That's why I asked.
74) 35) dialog: Don't tell me your toothache is  bothering you again?
74) 37) dialog: Then you have no alibi at all. Please sing.
74) 38) text: Susan, with a tiny ladylike hesitancy, goes to the piano sings a polite song.  Sweetly, nicely, she sings with a s untrained voice.  Kane listens.  He is relaxed, at ease w the world.
76) 0) text: Susan is singing.  Matisti, her voice teacher, is playing piano.  Kane is seated nearby.  Matisti stops.
76) 2) dialog: Your job isn't to give Mrs. Kane  your opinion of her talents. You're supposed to train her voice. Nothing more.
76) 4) dialog: If you're interested in what people  say, Signor Matisti, I may be able  to enlighten you a bit.  The  newspapers, for instance.  I'm an  authority on what the papers will  say, Signor Matisti, because I own  eight of them between here and San  Francisco...  It's all right, dear. Signor Matisti is going to listen  to reason.  Aren't you, maestro? (he looks him square  in the eyes)
76) 6) dialog: You can't.
76) 8) dialog: I knew you'd see it my way.
77) 0) text: It is the same opening night - it is the same moment as b except taht the camera is now upstage angling toward the  audience.  The curtain is down.  We see the same tableau before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehens principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage han As the dissolve commences, there is the sound of applause (exactly as before) and now as the dissolve completes its the orchestra breaks frighteningly into opening chords of music - the stage is cleared - Susan is left alone, terri alone.  The curtain rises.  The glare of the footlights j into the image.  The curtain is now out of the picture an Susan starts to sing.  Beyond her, we see the prompter's containing the anxious face of the prompter.  Beyond that in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles wit task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent sing Beyond that - dimly white shirt fronts and glistening bos for a couple of rows, and then deep and terrible darkness Closeup of Kane's face - seated in the audience - listeni Sudden but perfectly correct lull in the music reveals a from the audience - a few words from a sentence - the kin thing that often happens in a theatre -
77) 2) text: Music crashes in and drowns out the rest of the sentence, hundreds of people around the voice have heard it (as wel Kane) and there are titters which grow in volume. Closeup of Susan's face - singing. Closeup of Kane's face - listening. There is the ghastly sound of three thousand people appla as little as possible.  Kane still looks.  Then, near the camera, there is the sound of about a dozen people applau very, very loudly.  Camera moves back, revealing Bernstei Reilly and other Kane stooges, seated around him, beating palms together.  The curtain is falling - as we can see b light which shutters down off their faces. The stage from Kane's angle. The curtain is down - the lights glowing on it.  Still, t polite applause dying fast.  Nobody comes out for a bow. Closeup of Kane - breathing heavily.  Suddenly he starts applaud furiously. The stage from the audience again. Susan appears for her bow.  She can hardly walk.  There i little polite crescendo of applause, but it is sickly. Closeup of Kane - still applauding very, very hard, his e on Susan. The stage again. Susan, finishing her bow, goes out through the curtains. light on the curtain goes out and the houselights go on. Closeup of Kane - still applauding very, very hard.
78) 2) text: Kane rises and walks toward her.  There is cold menace in walk.  Susan shrinks a little as he draws closer to her.
78) 3) dialog: My reasons satisfy me, Susan.  You  seem unable to understand them.  I  will not tell them to you again. (he is very close  to her) You will continue with your singing.
79) 6) text: The door crashes open, light floods in the room, revealin Susan, fully dressed, stretched out on the bed, one arm d over the side.  Kane rushes to her.
79) 7) dialog: Get Dr. Corey.
79) 9) text: He rushes out.  Susan is breathing, but heavily.  Kane lo the lace collar at her throat.
80) 2) text: Kane nods.  He has a small bottle in his hand.
80) 4) dialog: Thank you.  I can't imagine how  Mrs. Kane came to make such a silly  mistake.  The sedative Dr. Wagner  gave her is in a somewhat larger  bottle -  I suppose the strain of  preparing for her trip has excited  and confused her.
80) 6) dialog: There are no objections to my  staying here with her, are there?
80) 8) dialog: Of course.
80) 9) text: Dr. Corey leaves.  Kane settles himself in a chair next t bed, looking at Susan.  In a moment, the nurse enters, go a chair in the corner of the room, and sits down.
81) 0) text: Susan, utterly spent, is lying flat on her back in her be Kane is in the chair beside her.  The nurse is out of the
81) 2) dialog: (angrily) That's when you've got to fight  them.  That's when you've got to  make them.  That's -
81) 4) dialog: I'm sorry. (he leans over to  pat her hand) You won't have to fight them  anymore. (he smiles a little) It's their loss.
82) 0) text: Closeup of an enormous jigsaw puzzle.  A hand is putting the last piece.  Camera moves back to reveal jigsaw puzzl spread out on the floor. Susan is on the floor before her jigsaw puzzle.  Kane is easy chair.  Behind them towers the massive Renaissance  fireplace.  It is night and Baroque candelabra illuminate scene.
82) 4) dialog: (looks up - consults  his watch) Half past eleven.
82) 6) dialog: Half past eleven.
82) 8) dialog: Yes.  The bulldog's just gone to  press.
82) 10) dialog: You always said you wanted to live  in a palace.
82) 12) text: Kane looks at her smilingly and turns back to his work.
83) 0) text: Another picture puzzle. Camera pulls back to show Kane and Susan in much the same positions as before, except that they are older.
83) 1) dialog: One thing I've never been able to  understand, Susan.  How do you  know you haven't done them before?
83) 4) dialog: You may be right -  I sometimes  wonder - but you get into the habit -
83) 6) dialog: I was referring to myself. (pauses) I thought we might have a picnic  tomorrow - it might be a nice change  after the Wild West party tonight.   Invite everybody to go to the  Everglades -
83) 8) text: Kane has looked at her steadily, not hostilely.
83) 9) dialog: I thought we might invite everybody  to go on a picnic tomorrow.  Stay  at Everglades overnight. (he pats her lightly  on the shoulder) Please see that the arrangements  are made, Susan.
83) 10) text: Kane turns away - to Bernstein.
83) 11) dialog: You remember my son, Mr. Bernstein.
85) 0) text: Two real beds have been set up on each side of the tent. rather classy dressing table is in the rear, at which Sus preparing for bed.  Kane, in his shirt-sleeves, is in an chair, reading.  Susan is very sullen.
85) 2) text: Kane turns to look at her.
85) 4) dialog: (interrupting) You're in a tent, darling.  You're  not at home.  And I can hear you  very well if you just talk in a  normal tone of voice.
85) 6) dialog: (quickly) I've got more than a right as far  as you're concerned, Susan.
85) 8) dialog: (gently) You're my wife, Susan, and -
85) 10) dialog: We can discuss all this some other time, Susan.  Right now -
85) 12) dialog: As far as you're concerned, Susan,  I've never wanted anything -  I  don't want anything now - except  what you want.
85) 14) dialog: Susan, I really think -
85) 16) dialog: (he has risen) Susan, I want you to stop this. And right now!
85) 18) dialog: Susan!
85) 20) dialog: You're talking an incredible amount  of nonsense, Susan. (quietly) Whatever I do -  I do - because I  love you.
85) 22) text: Without a word, Kane slaps her across the face.  They loo each other.
85) 24) text: Kane continues to look at her.
85) 26) dialog: Susan, it seems to me -
85) 28) dialog: I'm not sorry.
85) 30) dialog: No, you're not.
85) 32) text: They look at each other, fixedly, but she doesn't give wa In fact, the camera on Kane's face shows the beginning of startled look, as of one who sees something unfamiliar an unbelievable.
86) 0) text: Kane is a the window looking out.  He turns as he hears R enter.
86) 2) dialog: All right.
86) 3) text: Raymond waits as Kane hesitates.
86) 4) dialog: Is Mrs. Kane - (he can't finish)
86) 6) text: Kane impetuously walks past him out of the room.
87) 0) text: Packed suitcases are on the floor, Susan is completely dr for travelling.  Kane bursts into the room.
87) 3) text: She leaves.  Kane closes the door behind her.
87) 4) dialog: Have you gone completely crazy?
87) 6) dialog: Don't you realize that everybody  here is going to know about this? That you've packed your bags and ordered the car and -
87) 8) text: Kane is standing against the door as if physically barrin way.
87) 9) dialog: I won't let you go.
87) 11) text: Kane keeps looking at her.  Susan reaches out her hand.
87) 13) dialog: (suddenly) Don't go, Susan.
87) 15) dialog: Susan, don't go!  Susan, please!
87) 17) dialog: You mustn't go, Susan.   Everything'll be exactly the way  you want it.  Not the way I think  you want it - by your way.  Please,  Susan - Susan!
87) 19) dialog: Don't go, Susan!  You mustn't go! (almost blubbering) You - you can't do this to me, Susan -
87) 22) text: She walks out, past Kane, who turns to watch her go, like very tired old man.
92) 0) text: Kane, in a truly terrible and absolutely silent rage, is  literally breaking up the room - yanking pictures, hooks all off the wall, smashing them to bits - ugly, gaudy pic Susie's pictures in Susie's bad taste.  Off of occasional tables, bureaus, he sweeps Susie's whorish accumulation o bric-a-brac. Raymond stands in the doorway watching him.  Kane says no He continues with tremendous speed and surprising strengt still wordlessly, tearing the room to bits.  The curtains frilly - overly pretty) are pulled off the windows in a s gesture, and from the bookshelves he pulls down double ar of cheap novels - discovers a half-empty bottle of liquor dashes it across the room.  Finally he stops.  Susie's co little chamber is an incredible shambles all around him. He stands for a minute breathing heavily, and his eye lig on a hanging what-not in a corner which had escaped his n Prominent on its center shelf is the little glass ball wi the snowstorm in it.  He yanks it down.  Something made o china breaks, but not the glass ball.  It bounces on the and rolls to his feet, the snow in a flurry.  His eye fol it.  He stoops to pick it up - can't make it.  Raymond pi it up for him; hands it to him.  Kane takes it sheepishly looks at it - moves painfully out of the room into the co
93) 0) text: Kane comes out of the door.  Mrs. Tinsdall has been joine by a fairly sizable turnout of servants.  They move back from Kane, staring at him.  Raymond is in the doorway beh Kane.  Kane looks at the glass ball.
93) 1) dialog: (without turning) Close the door, Raymond.
93) 3) dialog: Lock it - and keep it locked.
93) 4) text: Raymond locks the door and comes to his side.  There is a pause - servants staring in silence.  Kane gives the glas ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
93) 5) dialog: Raymond - (he is almost in a  trance)
93) 8) dialog: Keep it locked.
94) 0) text: As the dissolve completes itself, camera is travellling a the floor of the chapel past the crypts of Kane's father mother - (marked: James Kane - 18- TO 19-; Mary Kane - 18 19-;) - past a blank crypt, and then holding on the buria Kane's son.  A group of ordinary workmen in ordinary clot are lowering a very expensive-looking coffin into its cry Kane stands nearby with Raymond, looking on.  The men str and grunt as the coffin bangs on the stone floor.  The me place over it a long marble slab on which is cut the word CHARLES FOSTER KANE II.
94) 3) text: Kane looks right through him.  Raymond cuts him short.
94) 5) text: The men tip their hats and shuffle out of the chapel.  Ka raises his head, looks at the inscription on the wall.  I a little to one side of Junior's grave, directly over the place which will be occupied by Kane himself.
94) 6) dialog: Do you like poetry, Raymond?
94) 8) dialog: Mrs. Kane liked poetry -
94) 11) dialog: Not my wife - not either of them.
94) 15) dialog: (looking back up at  the wall) Do you know what that is?
94) 17) dialog: Persia.  It belonged to a king.
94) 19) dialog: He was dead...  That's a poem.  Do  you know what it means?
94) 21) dialog: I didn't used to be afraid of it.
94) 22) text: A short pause.  His eyes still on the wall, but looking t it, Kane quotes the translation.
94) 23) dialog: The drunkeness of youth has passed  like a fever, And yet I saw many  things, Seeing my glory in the  days of my glory, I thought my  power eternal And the days of my  life Fixed surely in the years But  a whisper came to me From Him who  dies not.  I called my tributary  kings together And those who were  proud rulers under me, I opened  the boxes of my treasure to them,  saying: "Take hills of gold,  moutains of silver, And give me  only one more day upon the earth." But they stood silent, Looking  upon the ground; So that I died  And Death came to sit upon my  throne.  O sons of men You see a  stranger upon the road, You call  to him and he does not step.  He  is your life Walking towards time,  Hurrying to meet the kings of India  and China. (quoting) O sons of men You are caught in  the web of the world And the spider  Nothing waits behind it.  Where  are the men with towering hopes? They have changed places with owls,  Owls who have lived in tombs And  now inhabit a palace.
94) 24) text: Kane still stares at the wall, through it, and way beyond Raymond looks at him.
96) 54) text: He picks up his overcoat - it has been resting on a littl sled - the little sled young Charles Foster Kane hit That with at the opening of the picture.  Camera doesn't close on this.  It just registers the sled as the newspaper peo picking up their clothes and equipment, move out of the g hall.