20) 0) text: Thompson - at the desk.  With a gesture of annoyance, he closing the manuscript. Camera arcs quickly around from over his shoulder to hold door behind him, missing his face as he rises and turns t confront Miss Anderson, who has come into the room to sho out.  Very prominent on this wall is an over-sized oil pa of Thatcher in the best Union League Club renaissance sty
20) 1) dialog: You have enjoyed a very rare  privilege, young man.  Did you  find what you were looking for?
20) 3) dialog: What?
20) 5) text: He puts his hat on his head and starts out, lighting a ci as he goes.  Miss Anderson, scandalized, watches him.
38) 9) text: Miss Townsend looks up and is so surprised to see Bernste with a stranger.
38) 10) dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Bernstein.
38) 12) text: Miss Townsend can't stick to her plan.  She starts to ris but her legs are none too good under her.  She knocks ove tray of copy paper as she rises, and bends to pick it up.
38) 18) text: Kane leaves.  Bernstein looks after him, then at the pape Miss Townsend finally manages to open the envelope.  A pi of flimsy paper, with a few written lines, is her reward.
38) 19) dialog: (reading) Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Moore Norton  announce the engagement of their  daughter, Emily Monroe Norton, to  Mr.  Charles Foster Kane.
38) 21) dialog: (fluttering - on  top of him) She's - she's the niece of - of  the President of the United States -
38) 23) text: He takes her by the hand and leads her off. Angle toward open window.  Bernstein and Miss Townsend, b to camera, rushing to the window.
39) 0) text: High angle downward - what Bernstein and Miss Townsend se from the window. Kane is just stepping into an elegant barouch, drawn up a curb, in which sits Miss Emily Norton.  He kisses her ful the lips before he sits down.  She acts a bit taken aback because of the public nature of the scene, but she isn't annoyed.  As the barouche starts off, she is looking at h adoringly.  He, however, has turned his head and is looki adoringly at the "Enquirer."  He apparently sees Bernstei Miss Townsed and waves his hand.
40) 0) text: Bernstein and Miss Townsend at window.
40) 2) text: Miss Townsend is now dewey-eyed.  She looks at Bernstein, has turned away, gazing down at the departing couple.