3) 3) text: The camera pulls back, showing the whole scene to be cont in one of those glass balls which are sold in novelty sto all over the world.  A hand - Kane's hand, which has been holding the ball, relaxes.  The ball falls out of his han bounds down two carpeted steps leading to the bed, the ca following.  The ball falls off the last step onto the mar floor where it breaks, the fragments glittering in the fi rays of the morning sun.  This ray cuts an angular patter across the floor, suddenly crossed with a thousand bars o light as the blinds are pulled across the window. The foot of Kane's bed.  The camera very close.  Outlined against the shuttered window, we can see a form - the for a nurse, as she pulls the sheet up over his head.  The ca follows this action up the length of the bed and arrives the face after the sheet has covered it.
42) 2) text: Camera has pulled back, during above speech, revealing th Leland, wrapped in a blanket, is in a wheel chair, talkin Thompson.  They are on the flat roof of a hospital.  Othe people in wheel chairs can be seen in the background, alo with a nurse or two.  They are all sunning themselves.
56) 0) text: Emily is in bed, a damp cloth over her temples.  Kane is  standing at the foot of the bed.  The baby's bed is in a of the room.  The baby's nurse is standing near the crib, nurse for Emily is near her.  Kane is looking fixedly on who is staring tiredly at the ceiling.
56) 2) text: The nurse looks at Emily.
56) 4) text: The nurse, unwilling, leaves.
69) 10) text: A Nurse appears.
69) 11) dialog: Hello, Mr. Leland.
69) 13) dialog: Here, let me take your arm, Mr.  Leland.
80) 0) text: A little later.  All the lights are lit.  Susan, in a nig is in bed, asleep.  Raymond and a nurse are just leaving room, Raymond closing the door quietly behind him.  Dr. C rises.
80) 9) text: Dr. Corey leaves.  Kane settles himself in a chair next t bed, looking at Susan.  In a moment, the nurse enters, go a chair in the corner of the room, and sits down.
81) 0) text: Susan, utterly spent, is lying flat on her back in her be Kane is in the chair beside her.  The nurse is out of the