33) 0) text: Nine men, arrayed as in the photograph, but with Kane bea in the center of the first row.  The men, variously with  mustaches, beards, bald heads, etc. are easily identified being the same men, Reilly prominent amongst them. As camera pulls back, it is revealed that they are being  photographed - by an old-type professional photographer, box, black hood and all - in a corner of the room.  It is at night.  Desks, etc. have been pushed against the wall. Running down the center of the room is a long banquet tab at which twenty diners have finished their meals.  The el remaining at their seats - these include Bernstein and Le are amusedly watching the photographic ceremonies.
33) 1) dialog: That's all.  Thank you.
96) 0) text: The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still t but now several large packing cases are piled against the some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, grea small, are piled pell mell all over the place.  Furniture statues, paintings, bric-a-brac - things of obviously eno value are standing beside a kitchen stove, an old rocking and other junk, among which is also an old sled, the self story.  Somewhere in the back, one of the vast Gothic win of the hall is open and a light wind blows through the sc rustling the papers. In the center of the hall, a Photographer and his Assista are busy photographing the sundry objects.  The floor is  littered with burnt-out flash bulbs.  They continue their throughout the early part of the scene so that now and th flash bulb goes off.  In addition to the Photographer and Assistant, there are a Girl and Two Newspaperment - the S and Third Men of the projection room scene - also Thompso Raymond. The Girl and the Second Man, who wears a hat, are dancing somewhere in the back of the hall to the music of a phono A flash bulb goes off.  The Photographer has just photogr a picture, obviously of great value, an Italian primitive The Assistant consults a label on the back of it.
96) 5) dialog: All right!  Next!  Better get that  statue over there.
96) 7) text: The Photographer and his Assitant start to move off with equipment towards a large sculpture in another part of th hall.
96) 24) dialog: Yeah, all in crates.
96) 26) dialog: I wonder how they put all those  pieces together?
96) 28) dialog: Put it over by that statue.  It'll  make a good setup.
96) 33) dialog: Anything and everything - he was a  regular crow.
96) 37) text: Another flash bulb goes off.  The Photographer turns to T with a grin.
96) 38) dialog: Or Rosebud?  How about it, Jerry?
96) 40) dialog: Kane's last words, aren't they,  Jerry? (to the Third  Newspaperman) That was Jerry's angle, wasn't it,  Jerry?  Did you ever find out what  it means, Jerry?