79) 8) dialog: Yes, sir.
80) 0) text: A little later.  All the lights are lit.  Susan, in a nig is in bed, asleep.  Raymond and a nurse are just leaving room, Raymond closing the door quietly behind him.  Dr. C rises.
86) 1) dialog: Mrs. Kane would like to see you,  Mr. Kane.
86) 3) text: Raymond waits as Kane hesitates.
86) 5) dialog: Marie has been packing since  morning, Mr. Kane.
89) 0) text: An open door shows the pantry, which is dark.  Thompson a Raymond are at a table.  There is a pitcher of beer and a of sandwiches before them.  Raymond drinks a glass of bee settles back.
89) 1) dialog: Yes, sir - yes, sir, I knew how to  handle the old man.  He was kind  of queer, but I knew how to handle  him.
89) 3) dialog: Yeah.  I guess he wasn't very happy  those last years - he didn't have much reason to be -
90) 0) text: Raymond walking rapidly along corridor.  He pushes open a At a desk in a fairly elaborate telegraph office sits a w operator named Fred.  Near him at a telephone switchboard a female operator named Katherine (not that it matters).
90) 1) dialog: (reading) Mr. Charles Foster Kane announced  today that Mrs. Charles Foster  Kane has left Xanadu, his Florida  home, under the terms of a peaceful  and friendly agreement with the  intention of filing suit for divorce  at an early date.  Mrs. Kane said  that she does not intend to return  to the operatic career which she  gave up a few years after her  marriage, at Mr.  Kane's request.   Signed, Charles Foster Kane.
90) 3) dialog: Exclusive for immediate  transmission.  Urgent priority all  Kane papers.
90) 7) dialog: Yes?
91) 0) text: The housekeeper, Mrs. Tinsdall, and a couple of maids are the door but are too afraid to be in front of it.  From i can be heard a terrible banging and crashing.  Raymond hu into scene, opens the door and goes in.
92) 0) text: Kane, in a truly terrible and absolutely silent rage, is  literally breaking up the room - yanking pictures, hooks all off the wall, smashing them to bits - ugly, gaudy pic Susie's pictures in Susie's bad taste.  Off of occasional tables, bureaus, he sweeps Susie's whorish accumulation o bric-a-brac. Raymond stands in the doorway watching him.  Kane says no He continues with tremendous speed and surprising strengt still wordlessly, tearing the room to bits.  The curtains frilly - overly pretty) are pulled off the windows in a s gesture, and from the bookshelves he pulls down double ar of cheap novels - discovers a half-empty bottle of liquor dashes it across the room.  Finally he stops.  Susie's co little chamber is an incredible shambles all around him. He stands for a minute breathing heavily, and his eye lig on a hanging what-not in a corner which had escaped his n Prominent on its center shelf is the little glass ball wi the snowstorm in it.  He yanks it down.  Something made o china breaks, but not the glass ball.  It bounces on the and rolls to his feet, the snow in a flurry.  His eye fol it.  He stoops to pick it up - can't make it.  Raymond pi it up for him; hands it to him.  Kane takes it sheepishly looks at it - moves painfully out of the room into the co
93) 0) text: Kane comes out of the door.  Mrs. Tinsdall has been joine by a fairly sizable turnout of servants.  They move back from Kane, staring at him.  Raymond is in the doorway beh Kane.  Kane looks at the glass ball.
93) 2) dialog: Yes, sir. (he closes it)
93) 4) text: Raymond locks the door and comes to his side.  There is a pause - servants staring in silence.  Kane gives the glas ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
93) 6) dialog: Yes, sir -
93) 7) text: One of the younger servants giggles and is hushed up.  Ka shakes the ball again.  Another flurry of snow.  He watch the flakes settle - then looks up.  Finally, taking in th pack of servants and something of the situations, he puts glass ball in his coat pocket.  He speaks very quietly to Raymond, so quietly it only seems he's talking to himself
94) 0) text: As the dissolve completes itself, camera is travellling a the floor of the chapel past the crypts of Kane's father mother - (marked: James Kane - 18- TO 19-; Mary Kane - 18 19-;) - past a blank crypt, and then holding on the buria Kane's son.  A group of ordinary workmen in ordinary clot are lowering a very expensive-looking coffin into its cry Kane stands nearby with Raymond, looking on.  The men str and grunt as the coffin bangs on the stone floor.  The me place over it a long marble slab on which is cut the word CHARLES FOSTER KANE II.
94) 3) text: Kane looks right through him.  Raymond cuts him short.
94) 4) dialog: Okay.
94) 7) dialog: Can't say, sir.
94) 9) text: Raymond is now convinced that the old master is very far indeed - not to say off his trolley.
94) 10) dialog: Yes, Mr. Kane.
94) 14) dialog: (catching on) Oh, yes, sir.
94) 16) dialog: (more his keeper  than his butler  now) It's a wall you bought in China,  Mr. Kane.
94) 18) dialog: How did you get him to part with  it, Mr. Kane?
94) 20) dialog: No, I don't, Mr. Kane.
94) 24) text: Kane still stares at the wall, through it, and way beyond Raymond looks at him.
95) 0) text: Thompson and Raymond.  Raymond has finished his beer.
95) 1) dialog: (callously) That's the whole works, right up  to date.
95) 3) dialog: Yes and no.
95) 5) dialog: See what I mean?  He was a little  gone in the head - the last couple  of years, anyway - but I knew how  to handle him. (rises) That "Rosebud" - that don't mean  anything.  I heard him say it. He just said "Rosebud" and then he  dropped that glass ball and it  broke on the floor.  He didn't say  anything about that, so I knew he  was dead - He said all kind of  things I couldn't make out.  But I  knew how to take care of him.
95) 7) dialog: You can go on asking questions if  you want to.
95) 9) text: Thompson has risen.  Raymond gets to his feet and goes to door, opening it for him.
95) 10) dialog: Allow yourself plenty of time.   The train stops at the Junction On  signal - but they don't like to  wait.  Not now.  I can remember  when they'd wait all day ... if  Mr. Kane said so.
95) 11) text: Raymond ushes Thompson into
96) 0) text: The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still t but now several large packing cases are piled against the some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, grea small, are piled pell mell all over the place.  Furniture statues, paintings, bric-a-brac - things of obviously eno value are standing beside a kitchen stove, an old rocking and other junk, among which is also an old sled, the self story.  Somewhere in the back, one of the vast Gothic win of the hall is open and a light wind blows through the sc rustling the papers. In the center of the hall, a Photographer and his Assista are busy photographing the sundry objects.  The floor is  littered with burnt-out flash bulbs.  They continue their throughout the early part of the scene so that now and th flash bulb goes off.  In addition to the Photographer and Assistant, there are a Girl and Two Newspaperment - the S and Third Men of the projection room scene - also Thompso Raymond. The Girl and the Second Man, who wears a hat, are dancing somewhere in the back of the hall to the music of a phono A flash bulb goes off.  The Photographer has just photogr a picture, obviously of great value, an Italian primitive The Assistant consults a label on the back of it.
96) 8) dialog: What do you think all that is worth,  Mr. Thompson?
96) 10) dialog: The banks are out of luck, eh?
96) 21) dialog: It's a jigsaw puzzle.
96) 23) text: Raymond laughs.
96) 32) dialog: He went right on buying - right up  to the end.
97) 0) text: A large furnace, with an open door, dominates the scene. laborers, with shovels, are shovelling things into the fu Raymond is about ten feet away.
97) 1) dialog: Throw that junk in, too.