4) 56) text: More shots as before, only this time we see (in miniature large mountain - at different periods in its development rising out of the sands. Shots of elephants, apes, zebras, etc. being herded, unlo shipped, etc. in various ways. Shots of packing cases being unloaded from ships, from tr from trucks, with various kinds of lettering on them (Ita Arabian, Chinese, etc.) but all consigned to Charles Fost Kane, Xanadu, Florida. A reconstructed still of Xanadu - the main terrace.  A gr of persons in clothes of the period of 1917.  In their mi clearly recognizable, are Kane and Susan.
4) 73) text: Newreel shot - closeup of Kane delivering a speech...  (1 The front page of a contemporary paper - a screaming head Twin phots of Kane and Susan.  (1910) Printed title about Depression. Once more repeat the map of the USA 1932-1939.  Suddenly, cartoon goes into reverse, the empire begins to shrink,  illustrating the narrator's words. The door of a newspaper office with the signs: "Closed."
7) 2) text: Susan looks up into Thompson's face.  She is fifty, tryin look much younger, cheaply blonded, in a cheap, enormousl generous evening dress.  Blinking up into Thompson's face throws a crink into ther mouth.  Her eyes, which she thin keeping commandingly on his, are bleared and watery.
7) 3) dialog: (to the Captain) I want another drink, John.
7) 7) dialog: (so insistently as  to make Thompson  change his mind  and stand up again) Who told you you could sit down  here?
7) 9) dialog: Think again!
7) 11) dialog: Why don't you people let me alone? I'm minding my own business.  You  mind yours.
7) 13) dialog: Get out of here! (almost hysterical) Get out!  Get out!
7) 16) text: If he thought he would get a response from Susan, who thi she is looking at him steelily, he realizes his error.  H nods and walks off, following the Captain out the door.
63) 1) dialog: It wasn't my fault, Charlie.  He  made me send your wife a note. He said I'd - oh, he's been saying  the most terrible things, I didn't know what to do...  I - (she catches sight  of Emily)
63) 5) dialog: I can't tell you the things he  said, Charlie.  You haven't got any idea -
63) 9) dialog: (stiffly) I'm Susan Alexander. (pauses) I know what you think, Mrs. Kane, but -
63) 22) dialog: (excitedly) Charlie, he said, unless you  withdrew your name -
63) 28) dialog: There is no story.  It's all lies. Mr. Kane is just -
63) 34) dialog: What about me? (to Kane) He said my name'd be dragged through  the mud.  He said everywhere I'd  go from now on -
63) 44) dialog: Charlie!  If they publish this story -
63) 56) dialog: (starting to cry) Charlie, you're just excited.  You don't realize -
63) 60) dialog: Charlie, there are other things to  think of. (a sly look comes  into her eyes) Your son - you don't want him to read in the papers -
63) 63) dialog: (rushes to him) Charlie, please don't -
64) 2) text: Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Roge back.  Susan, quieter now, has snuggled into the hollow o shoulder as they stand in the doorway.
66) 0) text: The camera is just inside the curtain, angling upstage. see the set for "Thais" - the principals in place - stage managers, stage hands, etc., and in the center of all thi an elaborate costume, looking very small and very lost, i Susan.  She is almost hysterical with fright.  Maids, sin teacher, and the rest are in attendance.  Her throat is s Applause is heard at the opening of the shot, and now the orchestra starts thunderously.  The curtain starts to ris the camera with it - the blinding glare of the foots move Susan's body and hits her face.  She squints and starts t sing.  Camera continues on up with the curtain, up past S up the full height of the proscenium arch and then on up the gridiron into a world of ropes, brick walls and hangi canvas - Susan's voice still heard - but faintly.  The ca stops at the top of the gridiron as the curtain stops.  T typical stage hands fill the frame.  They are looking dow the stage below.  Some of the reflected light gleams on t faces.  They look at each other.  One of them puts his ha his nose.
71) 0) text: Susan and Thompson are facing each other.  The place is a deserted.  Susan is sober.  On the other side of the room somebody is playing a piano.
71) 1) dialog: How do you want to handle the whole  thing - ask questions?
71) 3) dialog: You wouldn't want to hear a lot of  what comes into my mind about myself  and Mr. Charlie Kane.
71) 4) text: Susan is thinking.
71) 6) dialog: I had a toothache.
71) 8) dialog: That was thiry years ago - and I  still remember that toothache. Boy!  That toothache was just  driving me crazy...
72) 3) text: Susan, taking her handkerchief from her jaw, roars with  laughter.
72) 5) text: He bites his lip and rubs his knee again.  Susan tries to control her laughter, but not very successfully.  Kane gl at her.
72) 6) dialog: I'm sorry, mister - but you do  look awful funny.
72) 8) dialog: Ow!
72) 10) dialog: Toothache.
72) 13) dialog: You've got some on your face.
72) 15) text: Susan starts to laugh again.
72) 17) dialog: You are.  You look like you've  been making mud pies.
72) 19) dialog: Oh!
72) 21) dialog: (points to the  downstair window) If you want to come in and wash  your face -  I can get you some  hot water to get that dirt off your trousers -
72) 23) text: Susan starts, with Kane following her.
73) 0) text: It's in moderate disorder.  The Mansbach gas lights are o It's not really a classy room, but it's exactly what you' entitled to in 1910, for $5.00 a week including breakfast There is a bed, a couple of chairs, a chiffonier, and a f personal belongings on the chiffonier.  These include a  photograph of a gent and lady, obviously Susan's parents, a few objets d'art.  One, "At the Japanese Rolling Ball G at Coney Island," and - perhaps this is part of the Japan loot - the glass globe with the snow scene Kane was holdi his hand in the first sequence. Susan comes into the room, carrying a basin, with towels her arm.  Kane is waiting for her.  She doesn't close the
73) 1) dialog: (by way of  explanation) My landlady prefers me to keep  this door open when I have a  gentleman caller. (starts to put the  basin down) She's a very decent woman. (making a face) Ow!
73) 2) text: Kane rushes to take the basin from her, putting it on the chiffonier.  To do this, he has to shove the photograph t side of the basin.  Susan grabs the photograph as it is a to fall over.
73) 3) dialog: Hey, you should be more careful. That's my ma and pa.
73) 5) dialog: No.  They've passed on.
73) 8) dialog: In the water.
73) 9) text: Kane fishes the soap out of the water.  It is slippery, h and slips out of his hand, hitting him in the chest befor falls to the floor.  Susan laughs as he bends over.
73) 11) dialog: I always like to see the funny  side of things.  No sense crying  when you don't have to.  And you're  so funny.  Looking at you, I forget  all about my toothache.
73) 13) dialog: Oh!
73) 15) dialog: (laughs) I know...  But you do look so silly.
73) 18) dialog: On the chiffonier.  Here.
73) 20) dialog: (on her way to closet) I've got a brush in the closet.   As soon as the mud on your trousers  is all dry - you just brush it  off.
73) 22) text: Susan comes out of the closet.  She holds out the brush w her left hand, her right hand to her jaw in real distress
73) 24) text: Susan can't stand it anymore and sits down in a chair, be over, whimpering a bit.
73) 26) text: He stops and thinks.  Susan, her face averted, is still t hard not to cry.
73) 28) text: Slowly, Susan turns.
73) 30) text: It takes a second for Susan to adapt herself to this.
73) 32) text: He's still wiggling his ears as Susan starts to smile.
73) 34) text: Susan smiles, very broadly.
74) 1) dialog: (hesitatingly) A chicken?
74) 3) dialog: A rooster?
74) 5) dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Kane.  I know this  takes a lot of nerve, but - who  are you?  I mean - I'm pretty  ignorant, guess you caught on to  that -
74) 7) dialog: No.  That is, I bet it turns out  I've heard your name a million  times, only you know how it is -
74) 9) dialog: You've been wonderful!  I can't  tell you how glad I am you're here,  I don't know many people and - (she stops)
74) 11) dialog: I didn't run into you and I bet  they're not your Sunday clothes. You've probably got a lot of  clothes.
74) 13) text: Susan is bewildered.
74) 15) text: Kane doesn't finish.  He looks at Susan.  Silence.
74) 17) dialog: Oh, me -
74) 19) dialog: (very bright) I didn't say.
74) 21) dialog: Pretty old.  I'll be twenty-two in  August.
74) 23) dialog: I work at Seligman's.
74) 25) dialog: I want to be a singer. (she thinks for a  moment) I mean, I didn't.  Mother did for  me.
74) 27) dialog: Oh, no!  Nothing like that.  Mother  always thought - she used to talk  about Grand Opera for me.  Imagine! An American girl, for one thing - and then my voice isn't really  that kind anyway, it's just that  Mother - you know what mothers are  like.
74) 30) dialog: As a matter of fact, I do sing a  little.
74) 32) dialog: (bashful) Oh, you wouldn't want to hear me  sing.
74) 34) dialog: Well, I -
74) 36) dialog: Oh, no, that's all gone.
74) 38) text: Susan, with a tiny ladylike hesitancy, goes to the piano sings a polite song.  Sweetly, nicely, she sings with a s untrained voice.  Kane listens.  He is relaxed, at ease w the world.
75) 0) text: Susan tosses down a drink, then goes on with her story.
75) 1) dialog: I did a lot of singing after that. I sang for Charlie -  I sang for  teachers at a hundred bucks an  hour - the teachers got that, I didn't -
75) 3) dialog: (glares at him  balefully) What do you mean?
75) 5) dialog: I didn't get a thing.  Just the  music lessons.  That's all there  was to it.
75) 7) dialog: He was in love with me.  But he  never told me so until after it  all came out in the papers about  us - and he lost the election and that Norton woman divorced him.
75) 9) dialog: He wanted me to be comfortable - Oh, why should I bother?  You don't  believe me, but it's true.  It  just happens to be true.  He was  really interested in my voice. (sharply) What are you smiling for?  What do  you think he built that opera house  for?  I didn't want it.  I didn't want to sing.  It was his idea - everything was his idea - except  my leaving him.
76) 0) text: Susan is singing.  Matisti, her voice teacher, is playing piano.  Kane is seated nearby.  Matisti stops.
77) 0) text: It is the same opening night - it is the same moment as b except taht the camera is now upstage angling toward the  audience.  The curtain is down.  We see the same tableau before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehens principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage han As the dissolve commences, there is the sound of applause (exactly as before) and now as the dissolve completes its the orchestra breaks frighteningly into opening chords of music - the stage is cleared - Susan is left alone, terri alone.  The curtain rises.  The glare of the footlights j into the image.  The curtain is now out of the picture an Susan starts to sing.  Beyond her, we see the prompter's containing the anxious face of the prompter.  Beyond that in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles wit task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent sing Beyond that - dimly white shirt fronts and glistening bos for a couple of rows, and then deep and terrible darkness Closeup of Kane's face - seated in the audience - listeni Sudden but perfectly correct lull in the music reveals a from the audience - a few words from a sentence - the kin thing that often happens in a theatre -
77) 2) text: Music crashes in and drowns out the rest of the sentence, hundreds of people around the voice have heard it (as wel Kane) and there are titters which grow in volume. Closeup of Susan's face - singing. Closeup of Kane's face - listening. There is the ghastly sound of three thousand people appla as little as possible.  Kane still looks.  Then, near the camera, there is the sound of about a dozen people applau very, very loudly.  Camera moves back, revealing Bernstei Reilly and other Kane stooges, seated around him, beating palms together.  The curtain is falling - as we can see b light which shutters down off their faces. The stage from Kane's angle. The curtain is down - the lights glowing on it.  Still, t polite applause dying fast.  Nobody comes out for a bow. Closeup of Kane - breathing heavily.  Suddenly he starts applaud furiously. The stage from the audience again. Susan appears for her bow.  She can hardly walk.  There i little polite crescendo of applause, but it is sickly. Closeup of Kane - still applauding very, very hard, his e on Susan. The stage again. Susan, finishing her bow, goes out through the curtains. light on the curtain goes out and the houselights go on. Closeup of Kane - still applauding very, very hard.
78) 0) text: Some weeks later.  Susan, in a negligee, is at the window There are the remains of her breakfast tray on a little t
78) 1) dialog: You don't propose to have yourself  made ridiculous?  What about me? I'm the one that has to do the  singing.  I'm the one that gets  the razzberries. (pauses) Last week, when I was shopping,  one of the salesgirls did an  imitation of me for another girl.   She thought I didn't see her, but -   Charlie, you might as well make up  your mind to it.  This is one thing  you're not going to have your own  way about.  I can't sing and you  know it -  Why can't you just -
78) 2) text: Kane rises and walks toward her.  There is cold menace in walk.  Susan shrinks a little as he draws closer to her.
79) 0) text: The camera angles across the bed and Susan's form towards door, from the other side of which voices can be heard.
79) 6) text: The door crashes open, light floods in the room, revealin Susan, fully dressed, stretched out on the bed, one arm d over the side.  Kane rushes to her.
79) 9) text: He rushes out.  Susan is breathing, but heavily.  Kane lo the lace collar at her throat.
80) 0) text: A little later.  All the lights are lit.  Susan, in a nig is in bed, asleep.  Raymond and a nurse are just leaving room, Raymond closing the door quietly behind him.  Dr. C rises.
80) 9) text: Dr. Corey leaves.  Kane settles himself in a chair next t bed, looking at Susan.  In a moment, the nurse enters, go a chair in the corner of the room, and sits down.
81) 0) text: Susan, utterly spent, is lying flat on her back in her be Kane is in the chair beside her.  The nurse is out of the
81) 1) dialog: (in a voice that  comes from far  away) I couldn't make you see how I felt,  Charlie.  I just couldn't -  I  couldn't go threw with singing  again.  You don't know what it  means to feel - to know that people -  that an audience don't want you.   That if you haven't got what they  want - a real voice - they just don't care about you.   Even when they're polite - and  they don't laugh or get restless  or - you know...  They don't want  you.  They just -
81) 3) text: Susan's head turns and she looks at him silently with pat eyes.
81) 5) text: Gratefully, Susan, with difficulty, brings her other hand to cover his.
82) 0) text: Closeup of an enormous jigsaw puzzle.  A hand is putting the last piece.  Camera moves back to reveal jigsaw puzzl spread out on the floor. Susan is on the floor before her jigsaw puzzle.  Kane is easy chair.  Behind them towers the massive Renaissance  fireplace.  It is night and Baroque candelabra illuminate scene.
82) 1) dialog: (with a sigh) What time is it?
82) 3) dialog: Charlie!  I said, what time is it?
82) 5) dialog: I mean in New York.
82) 7) dialog: At night?
82) 9) dialog: (sarcastically) Hurray for the bulldog! (sighs) Half past eleven!  The shows have  just let out.  People are going to  night clubs and restaurants.  Of  course, we're different.  We live  in a palace - at the end of the  world.
82) 11) dialog: Can't we go back, Charlie?
82) 13) dialog: Charlie -
82) 15) dialog: If I promise to be a good girl! Not to drink - and to entertain  all the governors and the senators with dignity - (she puts a slur  into the word) Charlie -
83) 0) text: Another picture puzzle. Camera pulls back to show Kane and Susan in much the same positions as before, except that they are older.
83) 2) text: Susan shoots him an angry glance.  She isn't amused.
83) 3) dialog: It makes a whole lot more sense  than collecting Venuses.
83) 5) dialog: (snapping) It's not a habit.  I do it because  I like it.
83) 7) dialog: (throws down a piece  of the jigsaw puzzle  and rises) Invite everybody!  Order everybody,  you mean, and make them sleep in  tents!  Who wants to sleep in tents  when they have a nice room of their own - with their own bath, where  they know where everything is?
83) 15) text: During this, camera holds on closeup of Susan's face.  Sh very angry.
85) 0) text: Two real beds have been set up on each side of the tent. rather classy dressing table is in the rear, at which Sus preparing for bed.  Kane, in his shirt-sleeves, is in an chair, reading.  Susan is very sullen.
85) 1) dialog: I'm not going to put up with it.
85) 3) dialog: I mean it. (she catches a slight  flicker on Kane's  face) Oh, I know I always say I mean it,  and then I don't - or you get me  so don't do what I say I'm going  to - but -
85) 5) dialog: I'm not going to have my guests insulted, just because you think - (in a rage) - if people want to bring a drink  or two along on a picnic, that's their business.  You've got no  right -
85) 7) dialog: Oh, I'm sick and tired of you  telling me what I must and what I  musn't do!
85) 9) dialog: I'm not just your wife, I'm a person  all by myself - or I ought to be.   I was once.  Sometimes you get me  to believing I never was.
85) 11) dialog: I'll discuss what's on my mind  when I want to.  You're not going  to keep on running my life the way  you want it.
85) 13) dialog: What you want me to want, you mean. What you've decided I ought to  have - what you'd want if you were  me.  But you've never given me  anything that -
85) 15) dialog: Oh, I don't mean the things you've  given me - that don't mean anything  to you.  What's the difference  between giving me a bracelet or  giving somebody else a hundred  thousand dollars for a statue you're  going to keep crated up and never  look at?  It's only money.  It  doesn't mean anything.  You're not  really giving anything that belongs  to you, that you care about.
85) 17) dialog: Well, I'm not going to stop it.   I'm going to say exactly what I  think. (she screams) You've never given me anything.   You've tried to buy me into giving  you something.  You're - (a sudden notion) - it's like you were bribing me!   That's what it's been from the  first moment I met you.  No matter  how much it cost you - your time,  your money - that's what you've  done with everybody you've ever  known.  Tried to bribe them!
85) 21) dialog: Love!  You don't love anybody!  Me  or anybody else!  You want to be  loved - that's all you want!  I'm  Charles Foster Kane.  Whatever you  want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me!  Don't expect me to love you -
85) 23) dialog: You - you hit me.
85) 25) dialog: You'll never have another chance  to hit me again. (pauses) Never knew till this minute -
85) 27) dialog: Don't tell me you're sorry.
85) 29) dialog: I'm going to leave you.
85) 31) dialog: (nods) Yes.
87) 0) text: Packed suitcases are on the floor, Susan is completely dr for travelling.  Kane bursts into the room.
87) 1) dialog: Tell Arnold I'm ready, Marie.  He  can get the bags.
87) 5) text: Susan looks at him.
87) 7) dialog: - And left?  Of course they'll hear.  I'm not saying goodbye - except to you - but I never imagined  that people wouldn't know.
87) 10) dialog: You can't stop me.
87) 11) text: Kane keeps looking at her.  Susan reaches out her hand.
87) 12) dialog: Goodbye, Charlie.
87) 14) dialog: Let's not start all over again,  Charlie.  We've said everything  that can be said.
87) 16) text: He has lost all pride.  Susan stops.  She is affected by
87) 21) dialog: I see - it's you that this is being  done to!  It's not me at all.  Not  how I feel.  Not what it means to  me. (she laughs) I can't do this to you! (she looks at him) Oh, yes I can.
88) 0) text: Susan and Thompson at a table.  There is silence between for a moment.
88) 1) dialog: In case you've never heard of how  I lost all my money - and it was plenty, believe me -
88) 3) dialog: They haven't been tough on me.  I  just lost my money.  But when I  compare these last ten years with the twenty I spent with him -
88) 5) dialog: (harshly) Don't you think I do? (pause) You say you're going down to Xanadu?
88) 7) dialog: I know.  If you're smart, you'll  talk to Raymond.  That's the butler. You can learn a lot from him.  He  knows where the bodies are buried.
88) 8) text: She shivers.  The dawn light from the skylight above has brighter, making the artificial light in the night club l particularly ghastly, revealing mercilessly every year of Susan's age.
88) 9) dialog: Well, what do you know?  It's  morning already. (looks at him) You must come around and tell me  the story of your life sometime.