7) 0) text: Dr. Asbjornsen looks out the window at his happy guests. Unlike them, he seems troubled and uncertain. Handsome wife ANNE-HELENE approaches to place a comfortin hand on his chest.
7) 2) dialog: Don’t be afraid, Jorgen. You know it’s the right thing. We all do. You were born to make this happen. 10 11 Dr. Asbj@rnsen nods slightly. Summoning confidence, he ta Anne-Helene’s hand and leads her outside.
12) 5) text: Dr. Pereira, esteemed colleagues. Five years ago, building on the research of our predecessors at the institute, my team and I discovered a process by which all organic material can be reduced at the cellular level by a ratio of approximately 2,744 to one. Such a process converts a man of 1.8 meters to just 12.9 centimeters. A wide array of flora and fauna were subjected to this process and, with the exception of some fish and shellfish, absolutely no side effects were detected. Please lights. The room dims. A GROUP PORTRAIT of the gathering at the Asbjernsen home appears on a screen above the stage -- th first image in a PowerPoint presentation. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Once the safety of the procedure was confirmed, thirty-six brave volunteers joined my wife Anne-Helene and me as the very first humans to undergo cellular reduction. A NAKED SUBJECT poses before reduction, arms extended lik Vinci’s Vitruvian man. Next he shows off his new TINY BOD beside a metric a ruler held by enormous fingers.
132) 12) dialog: I’m Anne-Helene. Please, sit. Join us. We’re watching the world go by.
132) 14) dialog: Yes. Jorgen has lost so much sleep over all the abuses. (to Ngoc Lan) It’s such a pleasure to meet you at last. I just can’t tell you. A few moments of quiet as all take in the surroundings.
132) 16) dialog: You’ll have to excuse Jorgen. These past few days have been especially hard. Such a big decision to make. And so quickly. Normally when we visit the Colony, we like to take the train and spend a few days in Narvik. But then the news came and, well, here we are, suddenly imposing on you. We scarcely had time to pack.
132) 18) dialog: Why, the methane release. In Antarctica. You must know about the methane.
132) 20) dialog: New or old, it’s the end. The end of everything. (vising) I’m sorry, I should check on Jorgen. 101
141) 1) dialog: All this land -- everything you see -- belonged for centuries to the Edvardsen family. It was Nellie Edvardsen’s granddaughter Solveig who arranged for us to use this place for our settlement.
141) 3) dialog: Jorgen.
141) 7) dialog: It was a wonderful time. Remember, Jorgen?
143) 7) dialog: (heading away too) You look wonderful, Solveig.
143) 9) dialog: Wonderful.