39) 16) dialog: Hey, everybody! Hope we’re not intruding! Warm greetings all around. Dave places two tiny glasses w his brother can retrieve them.
39) 17) dialog: Andy, could you get Carol a... Honey, what’re you having?
39) 19) dialog: A gin and tonic, and for me... You know what? That sounds good. I/'11 have a gin and tonic, too. Andy slides the impossibly small tumblers onto his palm a heads toward the bar.
39) 20) dialog: With lime!
39) 22) dialog: Just figure it out, okay? As many migrate toward the new arrivals, a JESUIT turns o mic at the podium.
39) 30) dialog: So after a couple years in Florida, I moved out to Vegas and --
39) 32) dialog: Yeah. Vegas wasn’t such a good choice for me, as it turns out. Got into some real bad habits. Pretty much hit rock bottom.
39) 34) dialog: Any other woman would have run for the hills, but Carol, man, she’s a saint. She stuck with me. But I really had to come clean about everything. And I mean everything. You know, almost.
39) 36) dialog: Well, that’s the thing. We both needed a change. You know, start all over.
39) 38) dialog: You mean all that crap about saving the planet? Downsizing is about saving yourself. Takes the pressure right off, especially money pressure. (MORE )
39) 40) dialog: I’m just not, you know, driven and ambitious like the rest of my family. It’s not who I am. Now Carol and I, we live like kings -- a hell of a lot better than my brothers and my sister, I’ll tell you that. I send them pictures all the time, but they never respond.
39) 42) dialog: Well, listen, if you ever start thinking about it seriously, here’s my two cents. There are lots of small communities cropping up out there, but don’t mess around. Leisureland’s where you want to be. They are a little pricier, but they were the first, and they’re still way ahead of the curve.
39) 44) dialog: Lots to brag about. Best houses, best appliances, best doctors, they book all the big concert tours, got all the great restaurants. The kids love Cheesecake Factory and Leisureland’s got three of them. And I’m not just saying all this for the referral credit. (off Paul’s laugh) Hey, sorry, could you back up a little? I think there’s too much garlic in that salsa.
39) 46) dialog: Or floss or something. I don’t know. 25 Suddenly a child’s SCREAM. Alarmed, Paul heads into the living room, where he finds the HOSTS comforting their fo year-old DAUGHTER, who has wandered downstairs and is sca out of her wits by the sight of little Carol.
102) 0) text: Paul cradles a gift-wrapped box in his lap and gazes abse at the city far below. EXT. DAVE AND CAROL JOHNSON’S HOUSE - DAY 124 Paul plods toward a VERSAILLES, Leisureland’s most extrav home. EXT. DAVE AND CAROL JOHNSON’S BACKYARD - DAY 125 Paul emerges through French doors and heads toward a birt party for seven-year-old MADISON and twenty-five FRIENDS. 126 58 Kids take pony rides and a magician performs. FROM A DISTANCE we watch Paul approach Dave and Carol, he only --
102) 2) dialog: Hey, pal. Why the long face? (off Paul’s shrug) Look around you, buddy. Life is good.
102) 4) dialog: Hey, hey, hey. I know divorce puts a pretty big dent in anybody’s self-esteem, and what Audrey did to you was beyond the pale. I hate her. I barely know her, and you may not hate her, but I hate her. You just have to get back in the saddle, that’s all.
102) 6) dialog: If you want my advice, single moms are the way to go. They’ve got the whole kid thing out of their system, and they just want to party. A few of ‘em here today.
102) 8) dialog: And if you're not ready for emotional connection, there’re plenty of good times to be had down here, no strings attached. Just put it on your credit card. 127 59
102) 10) dialog: Oh, yeah?
102) 12) dialog: Ho, ho. Now we’re talking. Well, if that doesn’t work out, or even if it does, there’s this one chick, Stacy? Ouch. Like a Victoria’s Secret model, only sluttier. The tricks she knows -- man, oh, man. Hey, first time’s on me. Paul’s gaze drifts to Madison, giggling atop a pony. INT. PAUL’