4) 0) text: Bypassing the secretary, Dr. Asbjornsen bursts into the i office of institute director DR. ANDREAS JACOBSEN.
4) 1) dialog: (Norwegian) Yes, Jorgen?
12) 2) dialog: Thank you, Dr. Pereira. Seventy-five years ago, Mrs. Nellie Edvardsen, overcome with guilt by the fortune her late husband’s family had amassed producing mustard gas during World War I, founded our institute so that the wonders of science could instead be used to help mankind. Our mission is to combat poverty, disease, natural disasters and other calamities that arise over time. In the 1950s, the institute identified over-population as mankind’s single greatest long-term threat, the source of all the catastrophes we are seeing today -- extreme climate and weather events, and the devastating impact on food and water security. Among the many solutions we conceived so many years ago, one which seemed then so ambitious, so outside our grasp, has at last borne fruit. Today we are proud to unveil what we fervently believe to be the only practical, humane and inclusive remedy to humanity’s gravest problem. Dr. Jorgen Asbjornsen will now present his findings. Are you ready, doctor?
12) 4) dialog: Everyone, please take your seats. Please! As the audience quiets, Dr. Asbjgrnsen takes his place be a tiny podium, dons reading glasses, and removes a speech his jacket pocket.
14) 2) dialog: I hold in my hand all of the uncompostable waste produced by 36 people over four years! (holding for applause) In this afternoon’s session, we will outline our proposal for a two- to three-hundred year transition for the world to transform from big to small. We believe that with a timely embrace of miniaturization, our seemingly unconquerable problems of over- population, climate change, and insufficient food and water can become a thing of the past, and human life may safely thrive for millennia to come. (motioning off-stage) Now we'd like you to meet some very special people. As the piéce de résistance, a cart is wheeled out carryin ENTIRE SMALL COMMUNITY smiling and waving. Among them, a MOTHER nurses an infant, while at her side stands her fou year-old son RONNI.