3) 0) text: Dr. Asbj@rnsen sprints down a corridor and into a stairwe
4) 0) text: Bypassing the secretary, Dr. Asbjornsen bursts into the i office of institute director DR. ANDREAS JACOBSEN.
4) 2) dialog: We’ve got it. It works. Dr. Jacobsen rises from his desk. The men embrace.
7) 0) text: Dr. Asbjornsen looks out the window at his happy guests. Unlike them, he seems troubled and uncertain. Handsome wife ANNE-HELENE approaches to place a comfortin hand on his chest.
7) 1) dialog: What if it’s a mistake? A terrible mistake?
8) 0) text: Standing on the deck, Dr. Asbjornsen clinks a knife to a and speaks now in English.
8) 1) dialog: Thank you, everyone. Thank you for coming today, but more importantly I want to thank you for your dedication and hard work these past many months. Smiles and applause. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Now then. You have probably guessed that I have something very exciting to announce -- very exciting, indeed. (then --) It is time. A moment of hushed jubilation. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) No doubt the generations to come -- perhaps all of humanity -- will thank you for your bravery and commitment. But today each of you must ask whether you are truly ready to enter this new world, for there will be no turning back. So I ask you -- are you ready?
12) 3) dialog: (muffled, distant) I am ready. Jacobsen opens the front of the box to reveal -- DR. ASBJ®RNSEN, NOW JUST FIVE INCHES TALL. As this miniature human walks out onto the podium, gasps astonishment ripple throughout the room. Many stand to ge better look.
12) 5) text: Dr. Pereira, esteemed colleagues. Five years ago, building on the research of our predecessors at the institute, my team and I discovered a process by which all organic material can be reduced at the cellular level by a ratio of approximately 2,744 to one. Such a process converts a man of 1.8 meters to just 12.9 centimeters. A wide array of flora and fauna were subjected to this process and, with the exception of some fish and shellfish, absolutely no side effects were detected. Please lights. The room dims. A GROUP PORTRAIT of the gathering at the Asbjernsen home appears on a screen above the stage -- th first image in a PowerPoint presentation. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Once the safety of the procedure was confirmed, thirty-six brave volunteers joined my wife Anne-Helene and me as the very first humans to undergo cellular reduction. A NAKED SUBJECT poses before reduction, arms extended lik Vinci’s Vitruvian man. Next he shows off his new TINY BOD beside a metric a ruler held by enormous fingers.
12) 6) dialog: The exact science behind reduction itself falls outside of our discussion today, but the process is short and painless, with only the mild discomfort of removal and replacement of dental and other prosthetics. Now we see a RECOVERY ROOM where, wrapped in blankets, volunteers recline on miniature Le Corbusier lounges. One tiny man drinks from an enormous eye-dropper. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Subjects are placed under light sedation, and after a brief rest, perhaps some crackers and applesdft, fully recover within an hour or two. Now a normal-sized SHORT-HAIRED DOG on a leash. The next slide shows the same dog standing next to the ruler while GIANT HAND restrains him with a tiny leash. 15 16
12) 7) dialog: Of course, some of our community could not bear to leave behind their four-legged companions. Now shots inside a WORKSHOP. Volunteers construct small houses and buildings. Others sew tiny clothes.
12) 8) dialog: As the subjects of our own study, our aim was not only to confirm the long- term viability of the process but also to investigate the social and psychological implications. Thus we set about to live together in the world’s very first self-sustaining community of the small. The next images show the building of a small VILLAGE. Gro members secure dollhouse-size dwellings onto foundations. we see the hoisting of a TRANSPARENT DOME over the new community. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Once complete, our little village, just seven meters by eleven meters, was placed inside a gas-permeable enclosure designed to protect us from the hazards of weather, animals and insects.
14) 0) text: As Dr. Asbjgrnsen concludes his talk, a FINAL SLIDE shows downsized group playing volleyball.
14) 1) dialog: ..-and finally, my colleagues and I are happy to report new founts of energy and vitality. Future studies may support our suspicion that decreased mass and volume correlate directly to an increase in longevity. As the lights come up, a beaming Dr. Jacobsen strides fro wings, holding aloft a half-full GARBAGE BAG. 17 18 19
14) 3) dialog: And look -- there’s little Ronni, the first small baby ever born, and his new little sister Ulrikke. All stand, applaud, and stamp their feet in unison -- an astounding reception. A MONTAGE as the news travels throughout the globe --
132) 13) dialog: You’ve no idea how terribly grief- stricken we were by Miss Tran’s case. 100
132) 15) dialog: It’s humbling, no? Nature is such a patient sculptor -- grinding a tiny bit each day slowly, slowly for thousands of years to make such a supremely beautiful thing. (overcome with sadness) What a waste. What a dreadful waste. Dr. Asbj@rnsen rises and shuffles away, muttering to hims in Norwegian.
133) 1) dialog: The Earth has already seen five major extinctions, and now there will be another. I didn’t want to believe it, none of us did. But there we were in Helsinki, big and small -- climatologists, biologists, physicists, demographers, immunologists, 26 Nobel Prize winners among us. We built all the models, did all the math, and the conclusion was consistent. Homo Sapiens will soon vanish from the Earth. The only question is when. Some say 500 years. Some say sixty. Now with the terrible spike in methane release, it’s out of our grasp. Regardless how the end will come -- unbreathable air, impotable water, incurable disease, environmental catastrophe, nuclear winter, likely a combination of them all -- relatively soon the Earth will indeed purge itself of human life, and God knows how many other species. It is now an actuarial certainty. His mind reeling, Paul looks at Ngoc Lan. She has been listening quietly, but tears flow down her face. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) (pouring himself a drink) Not a very successful species, these Homo Sapiens, even with such great intelligence. Barely 200 thousand years. Alligator has survived 200 million years with a brain the size of a walnut.
133) 3) dialog: Yeah, yeah, too little too late. Only 3% of the world has miniaturized. There simply isn’t enough time. Yes, extinction is exactly the correct word. 184 185 102
141) 2) dialog: Solveig will remind you of this many times.
141) 4) dialog: (with distaste) Solveig.
141) 6) dialog: We use it now as a social hall and fitness center, but yes, this is where we started.
141) 8) dialog: (wistful) I remember.
143) 2) dialog: (smiling stiffly) Solveig. Solveig makes a big show of embracing the Asbjernsens, dr them into her ample bosom.
143) 5) dialog: Yes, yes. Excuse us, Solveig. Unplugged the other 107
145) 3) dialog: My friends. Many years ago, when we discovered cellular miniaturization, the world which had seemed so doomed felt suddenly so full of possibilities. We knew we had found the portal to the next stage of man’s evolution. So until very recently, I maintained hope that the contingency plan we embark upon tomorrow could remain simply that -- a plan. He pauses, reigning in his emotions.
145) 4) dialog: But history has spoken, and this is our final dinner in the place we’ve called home for so many years. And here, on this beautiful little island (MORE)
145) 6) dialog: (noticing Solveig’s look) -- this island which Solveig Edvardsen had the vision and generosity to provide us... Solveig nods proudly. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) ...the very survival of mankind rests in our hands. Yes, we are sad to leave, and terribly sad for the reasons why, but man is too beautiful, too improbable a life form to be allowed to disappear forever from the cosmos. (Norwegian) It is no shame to look into the warm spring sun and regret a lost limb. The Norwegians present nod and murmur in agreement. Someo uses the moment to hand Asbjornsen a note. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Ah, yes. The kitchen staff wishes to remind everyone that after you scrape your plates, you should place them in the stacking carts, not the dish washing belts. (clearing his throat) Now then, I would like to ask the surviving members of the original colony to stand. Twenty people solemnly rise. Most are in their fifties or older, but among them we recognize one handsome young man DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) Look at him -- Little Ronni, how he’s grown. As Ronni smiles, we note a herpes sore on his upper lip. DR. ASBJ®RNSEN (CONT’D) (addressing the originals) I ask you again as I asked you so many years ago. Generations to come - - perhaps all of humanity -- will thank you for your bravery and commitment. But you must ask yourself whether you are truly ready to enter a new world. For there will be no turning back. Are you ready? 113
145) 9) dialog: Is everyone ready? Shouts of “I am ready!” coalesce into an ebullient group of “We are ready.” Konrad, Ngoc Lan and Dusan are moved to witness these momentous proceedings, but Paul’s reaction is even more profound. Something deep inside him is awakening.