102) 39) dialog: Yes?
102) 42) dialog: Hello, my friend.
102) 44) dialog: May I come in? Once inside, Dusan gives Paul’s apartment a quick once-ov DUSAN (CONT’D) I’m sorry I am disturbing your nice little dinner, but listen, Pete -- 63
102) 46) dialog: Hello, Kristen. Like I was saying, I’m having one more, you know, little party at my place tonight. Justa few friends. Not big like last time. Very small. (noticing) No! Is that a rose? A real rose? From where you get a real rose?
102) 48) dialog: Here in Leisureland? Why did I not have such a brilliant idea? How much they are charging for this?
102) 50) dialog: Quoi, ma cherie?
102) 52) dialog: Oui, ma cherie. J’arrive. (back inside) Anyway, Paul, listen, if tonight noise disturbs you, just come upstairs and talk to me. Don’t make big show like last time yelling like crazy man. We are neighbors. And neighbors are friends. What’s better, come to the party.
102) 54) dialog: Yes, darling. Of course. 64 Dusan puts a finger to his lips and makes a point of tip- toeing to the door, closing it without a sound.
103) 0) text: Paul steps inside to find DOZENS OF PEOPLE -- various languages, fashionable eyewear, distinctive shoes. Dusan's chic apartment could not be more different from P with its double-high ceilings, wide doorways, fireplaces, furnishings. Feeling instantly out of place, Paul is about to leave. 66
103) 1) dialog: Paul! You came. And you bring the rose.
103) 3) dialog: Look, everybody. This is Paul, my neighbor. Look at what he brings me - - a real rose. A real fucking rose! (to Paul) Do you think any of these other ungrateful sons of bitches think to bring something to Dusan? Only you. I like you. What about your blonde American friend? Paul shakes his head. Dusan nods in approval. DUSAN (CONT’D) Why bring sand to the beach? (escorting Paul) Look, I know I said it was going to be a small party, but it’s not my fault. I make two or three phone calls to close friends, and look what happens. Everyone comes. Nothing else to do in this fucking city after 10 o’clock. This I do not understand. It’s not as if so many people have work in the morning. Is the worst trait of small people -- they are lazy. Not all, but most. Like this lazy guy. Konrad! KONRAD is an older German in nautical attire -- turtlenec double-breasted blazer -- helping himself to a splendid b of both normal-sized and small gourmet foods.
103) 5) dialog: Just that in the small world no one wants to work.
103) 9) dialog: Konrad is sea captain. Never more than ten meters from his boat.
106) 0) text: Paul wanders down the steps toward the pool area, where revelers DANCE. There he watches Dusan dancing with compl abandon, king of the party, sandwiched between Mariette, he kisses open-mouthed, and another woman. Paul is approached by a hippie-ish YOUNG WOMAN, like one meet at a jam-band concert. Paul returns her enigmatic sm She hugs him and whispers in his ear.
108) 0) text: Paul is peaking -- eyes shut, arms overhead, dancing to a rhythm only vaguely related to the music. Dusan wanders b
108) 1) dialog: Having a good time?
108) 3) dialog: Yes, baby! As long as the world is going to shit, let’s make a little money and let’s have a good time. (in Serbian) You’re about to enter whole new world! FADE OUT.
108) 5) dialog: Who is that? Who is down there?
108) 7) dialog: Paul who? Who is Paul?
108) 9) dialog: Enough with the fucking doorbell! He opens the door.
108) 11) dialog: Fucking hyenas ate everything. I am surprised there is even still water when I turn on the sink. his 141 Paul sits on a stool, and Dusan pours him coffee. From th next room comes the sound of vacuuming. DUSAN (CONT’D) So you had fun last night, yes? You did not know you were so lucky to have exciting neighbor such as me.
108) 13) dialog: And boring. Good looking dumb Norwegian guy goes around the world having sex with everybody -- women, men, hermaphrodites, dogs, goats, monkeys. He’ll be the first small baby to die of syphilis. But yes, okay, historic. Glancing into the next room, Paul notices that the one-le woman is the one steering the vacuum cleaner.
108) 15) dialog: It’s all right.
108) 17) dialog: I go once or twice a year. Konrad, too. We make business there. Good business.
108) 19) dialog: Yes, my friend. The world is filled with things to see. I don’t know you, Paul, but I like you. I like you very much. And my advice is to get out of your disgusting little fucking apartment and open your eyes. Don’t be so American. Why you even are small if you live like that, like a rat in a cage? And that ugly woman.
108) 21) dialog: Only your furniture is more ugly. You are nice guy, Paul, but little bit pathetic guy. You need help -- you know, how to think about life. Last night you dance and you laugh, but inside you cry.
108) 23) dialog: I am your neighbor, Dusan Mirkovic. And neighbors are friends. And friends tell friends the truth. Okay, maybe sometimes I’m a little bit asshole, but the world needs assholes. Otherwise where would shit come out? 142 INT. DUSAN’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 142 Paul sits with Dusan on the sofa. Dusan smokes a cigar. A some point Konrad wanders by on his way to get coffee.
108) 24) dialog: When I see big people becoming small, all the new small cities, I see opportunity. I ask myself, Dusan, why the people they become small? To help the environment? Please. They become small to have the things which until now were only for the rich, which, by the way, is the genius of the concept. So I say to my brother Srdjan -- I work with my brother. He’s still big. (low) My wife, too, by the way.
108) 26) dialog: So I say, why not bring very special items, luxury items, to the small consumer? The things no one else is thinking to bring? 74
108) 28) dialog: Cohiba Espléndido. Cuba. The best cigar in the world. How much you pay for this when you are big? (Paul shrugs) Forty-five, fifty dollars. But when you are small, I will sell you this cigar for one dollar.
108) 30) dialog: Not if you remember paying fifty dollars for the same cigar. If now you pay only one dollar, you say, I am so happy to be small! And from one Cohiba, we make more than 2000 cigars. Okay, maybe the cigars are not actually made in Cuba. Maybe they are rolled by little Albanians in Podgorica, but who cares? And this is just the one thing. Also perfumes and colognes, wines Bordeaux and Burgundy, brandies and Port and Calvados, caviar, jamdén ibérico, truffles. My brother and I are now in seven small cities. All around the world. Seven.
108) 32) dialog: Baby, this is Wild West time. Who has time to chase after some fucking Serbian guy five inches tall over a few cigars and some wine? And listen, Paul, anything you want, I can get for you. Anything, anytime. Again Paul notices with concern the one-legged cleaning w as she hobbles upstairs on her way to another room.
108) 48) dialog: Yes, of course, the famous Ngoc Lan Tran. Dramatic escape from Vietnamese prison and almost died so that now she can clean my house. America, big land of opportunity! Dusan and Konrad share a big laugh. 144 INT. DUSAN’S DINING ROOM - DAY 144 Ngoc Lan sits in a chair while Paul cups a kneecap and manipulates the foreleg, then repeats the process with th other leg. Dusan and Konrad watch, as do, from afar, the of the cleaning crew. Ngoc Lan submits to the exam but seems more interested in himself than in what he’s saying. 77
108) 50) dialog: Paul, you are full of surprises. You can do this but you work shit job answering phones?
129) 6) dialog: Okay, okay! I’m coming! The door is opened by an unshaven, hungover Dusan, who lo into camera and dissolves into laughter. REVERSE ANGLE -- It’s Ngoc Lan and her cleaning crew, amo them a fully uniformed and humiliated Paul.
129) 8) dialog: Answering phones was not dignified enough for you, I see. Now you progress to cleaning toilets. I love you, Paul. I really love you. You are such a funny guy.
129) 10) dialog: Like I said, Paul, you are too much nice guy and little bit pathetic guy.
129) 12) dialog: This is absolutely fantastic. (yelling) (MORE )
129) 14) dialog: Konrad, Konrad! You must come see something! This is so fucking funny!
129) 16) dialog: And how long will that be?
129) 18) dialog: That’s an eternity.
129) 22) dialog: Don’t worry, Paul. Dusan will save you. INT. DUSAN’S KITCHEN - DAY 175 Ngoc Lan sorts through leftovers, muttering to herself.
129) 24) dialog: Yes, please, Miss Tran, take everything. Mr. Konrad and I are leaving day after tomorrow and don’t know when we will be back.
129) 26) dialog: Yes, in a minute. First there’s something very important to discuss.
129) 28) dialog: Listen, here is the situation. I don’t know exactly what, but something big -- very big -- is happening at the original small colony. You know, the one in Norway. They want me to go there right away with a very important delivery. Too complicated to explain. Top secret and very urgent. Most important they are offering us very big money.
129) 30) dialog: This means we need extra help to do this quickly and make them happy. And I’m sorry to say, we need the same excellent helper who is currently helping you. (pointing at Paul) Him. The room falls silent as Ngoc Lan lets this sink in. 96
129) 33) dialog: Yes, that is the situation. Emergency situation.
129) 42) dialog: No, no, no, not you. Only Paul.
129) 44) dialog: But you’re very busy here with humanitarian activities of your own. And your cleaning business.
129) 46) dialog: What? Who invited you?
130) 0) text: Stunning views of the lush valley of an ocean inlet. Radi colors reflect off high, verdant cliffs. Konrad’s yacht cruises up the fjord towing a barge loaded cargo, including huge, normal-sized bottles of VODKA. 178 179 180 98 EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 178 Paul stands at the prow, the wind in his hair, Ngoc Lan b him. Paul looks up at the wheel house, where Konrad is at the chatting with Dusan. Then he looks down at Ngoc Lan’s PEG LEG. It’s all so odd, so unexpected.
131) 0) text: From a distance, we see Paul, Ngoc Lan, Dusan and Konrad dining together, enjoying the splendid view. Dusan clowns the delight of the others, and Ngoc Lan seems unusually relaxed and happy.
136) 0) text: As Paul and Ngoc Lan enter, Konrad and Dusan exchange a knowing look. There are no secrets on a boat.
138) 0) text: Motoring into a bay, the boat approaches a loading dock. few downsized fishing boats are moored in the harbor, the prows carved into dragon heads as an homage to Viking heritage. No dwellings are in sight -- just the dock, two cargo cra and a road leading away from port. HORSE-DRAWN CARTS with DRIVERS await the yacht’s arrival. EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 190 Dusan stands with Paul and Ngoc Lan at the railing.
139) 0) text: Harnessed horses pull a wooden cart up a steep series of switchbacks. Paul, Ngoc Lan, Dusan and the Asbjornsens ri together in back. In the distance below, cranes unload th yacht’s cargo.
143) 11) dialog: (kissing her cheeks) Solveig, my darling, I am always happy to help -- in difficult times, in easy times, in happy times. Is always a pleasure to visit you and your lovely village.
143) 19) dialog: (jumping in) Solveig, darling, listen, we love you, but my friends and I are just here for the delivery, and then we must go home.
144) 5) dialog: Of course it was. You’re always thinking ahead.
145) 0) text: All the villagers -- perhaps 250 -- dine together at long wooden tables. Tonight the atmosphere is electric. Paul and Ngoc Lan sit near the Asbjornsens and other SCIENTISTS who, between chews, dispassionately explain th project at hand. Konrad and Dusan sit nearby.
146) 1) dialog: Konrad, what do you think? Is the end of civilization really coming so soon?
148) 0) text: Ngoc Lan pulls Paul by the hand toward Dusan and Konrad, now quite drunk.
148) 2) dialog: Paul, Paul, Paul, Paul... Why would you do such a silly thing?
148) 4) dialog: Because you will live the rest of your life in a hole in the ground. Like a worm.
148) 6) dialog: Okay, fine, you want to help. Then do what I did -- give them a semen sample.
148) 11) dialog: Paul, come on, you really are talking crazy. These people, they’re wonderful, but --
148) 13) dialog: It’s like a cult. And the extinction’s not happening for, you know, maybe few hundred years. Has nothing to do with you. Forget it. Have a drink. Besides, you think they won’t behave as people always behave? They’re all going to go insane down there and kill each other. They will go extinct long before we do. Paul searches the faces of his three friends, seeing them both allies and enemies. Then he turns and marches off in the night. Ngoc Lan watches him go, her heart breaking.
148) 14) dialog: Don’t worry, darling. He said it himself. Nothing he ever wants to do works out.
150) 0) text: The departure nears completion. The last of the carts disappear inside, the final residents following on foot. Torvald waits nearby, preparing to seal the tunnel. Ngoc Lan, Dusan, and Konrad stand with Paul.
150) 2) dialog: It seems so.
150) 5) dialog: Take care of yourself.
150) 7) dialog: I will miss my funny neighbor. Paul nods, then turns to face Ngoc Lan. At a loss, he tries hugging her, but she remains limp in his arms.
152) 0) text: From a vantage point atop an incline, Dusan, Konrad and N Lan somberly watch the door closing.
154) 0) text: Dusan, Konrad and Ngoc Lan have taken cover behind rocks. Dusan peeks out and, breaking into a smile, invites the others to witness Paul scrambling up the hill in a panick zig-zag.
154) 1) dialog: What did I tell you? Nothing ever works out for this guy.