103) 4) dialog: What’s that you say about me? What lies are you telling?
103) 6) dialog: What did you expect? That is the wonderful thing about becoming small. You are immediately rich. Unless you are very poor. Then you are only small.
103) 10) dialog: I do like my boat. Come, I’11 show you. Locking arms with Paul and speaking with sudden intimacy, Konrad leads him onto --
104) 0) text: Konrad points out a YACHT in the marina below.
104) 1) dialog: There she is -- Sonja, my beauty. An exact replica of an English yacht from 1927. You see, I am from many generations, all the way to my grandfathers and my father — all sea captains. I remember very well I was seven years old when my grandfather took me for the first time on his boat. I will never forget the rocking of the waves, the sound of the wind, the blackness of the water. From that moment I knew I would be a sea captain too.
104) 3) dialog: Dusan. He even convinced me to become small, mostly for the women and the parties. And, frankly, my wife had all the money, so after she left, things became, let’s say, tricky.
104) 5) dialog: It’s really quite wonderful to be small, don’t you think?
104) 7) dialog: I am here in your city about once a year, always with Dusan. Next week I will be in the Seychelles, and two weeks after that I’1l meet friends for a month of sailing on Lake Titicaca. Can you believe I’ve never been to Lake Titicaca?
104) 9) dialog: Fed-Ex, my boy. Sonja travels faster than I do.
129) 29) dialog: Very big.
129) 34) dialog: And deeply humanitarian. Instead of arguing, Ngoc Lan remains subdued.
129) 40) dialog: At least ten days. Maybe more. Ngoc Lan performs mental calculations, then smiles.
130) 0) text: Stunning views of the lush valley of an ocean inlet. Radi colors reflect off high, verdant cliffs. Konrad’s yacht cruises up the fjord towing a barge loaded cargo, including huge, normal-sized bottles of VODKA. 178 179 180 98 EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 178 Paul stands at the prow, the wind in his hair, Ngoc Lan b him. Paul looks up at the wheel house, where Konrad is at the chatting with Dusan. Then he looks down at Ngoc Lan’s PEG LEG. It’s all so odd, so unexpected.
131) 0) text: From a distance, we see Paul, Ngoc Lan, Dusan and Konrad dining together, enjoying the splendid view. Dusan clowns the delight of the others, and Ngoc Lan seems unusually relaxed and happy.
136) 0) text: As Paul and Ngoc Lan enter, Konrad and Dusan exchange a knowing look. There are no secrets on a boat.
136) 3) dialog: A greeting. Konrad blasts the foghorn in response. When Ngoc Lan look away, Dusan gives Paul a wink and makes a crude gesture. responds with a glare that says, “Cool it.”
138) 0) text: Motoring into a bay, the boat approaches a loading dock. few downsized fishing boats are moored in the harbor, the prows carved into dragon heads as an homage to Viking heritage. No dwellings are in sight -- just the dock, two cargo cra and a road leading away from port. HORSE-DRAWN CARTS with DRIVERS await the yacht’s arrival. EXT. KONRAD’S YACHT - DAY 190 Dusan stands with Paul and Ngoc Lan at the railing.
145) 0) text: All the villagers -- perhaps 250 -- dine together at long wooden tables. Tonight the atmosphere is electric. Paul and Ngoc Lan sit near the Asbjornsens and other SCIENTISTS who, between chews, dispassionately explain th project at hand. Konrad and Dusan sit nearby.
146) 2) dialog: Look here. My uncle used to say he was born during the Austro-Hungarian Empire, then outlived both the Third Reich and Communism, all three of which were supposed to last forever. In the 1930s they discovered a pyramid in Egypt -- a pyramid! -- when a camel stubbed its toe. How does one lose a pyramid? Or look up at the sky. So many of those bright, bright stars went dark before humans even existed -- we just don’t know it yet. All things come to an end. Why shouldn’t we? But look at the positive side -- if our world really is coming to an end, it’s fascinating to be watching.
148) 0) text: Ngoc Lan pulls Paul by the hand toward Dusan and Konrad, now quite drunk.
148) 7) dialog: I did, too. That’s a much more pleasant way to help.
148) 12) dialog: It’s like a cult.
150) 0) text: The departure nears completion. The last of the carts disappear inside, the final residents following on foot. Torvald waits nearby, preparing to seal the tunnel. Ngoc Lan, Dusan, and Konrad stand with Paul.
150) 4) dialog: Pleasure was mine. Good luck in there, Paul. Paul turns to Dusan and pulls him into a firm embrace.
152) 0) text: From a vantage point atop an incline, Dusan, Konrad and N Lan somberly watch the door closing.
154) 0) text: Dusan, Konrad and Ngoc Lan have taken cover behind rocks. Dusan peeks out and, breaking into a smile, invites the others to witness Paul scrambling up the hill in a panick zig-zag.