2) 0) text: The room is painfully elegant -- American copies of ornate Empire furniture, imitation Aubusson carpet, @ great square piano, yellow damask curtains, Hammond sits staring at BIANCHE, who sreaks glances at him, af- fecting a shyness rot natural to her. MAJOR WOODFORD ara his wife BEATRIX watch the two of them with eager smiles <= and the avidity of matchmakers, Charles pacss. about the room, agitated and hostile, A dlack woman is en) serving them tea,
2) 4) text: Cy Blanche, seventeen, pretentiously dressed, is pretty a buxem, with a certain petulance in her face -- a will- ful girl who knows what she wants and how to get it. Woodford is a bustling man in his fifties whose surface geniality can't quite conceal nis inner anxiety. Beatrix is a severe, proper middle-aged woman, very concerned with appearances -- but given to occasional Pluttery coyness, Partially deaf, she uses an ear trumpet,
2) 5) dialog: Mayhap Cousin Hammond... craves to carry Blanche to church meetin’, Flustered, Eammond starts to answer but Charles cuts him off, .
2) 7) dialog: (shocked) Charles!
2) 9) dialog: (smocthing it over) Charles likes to rile folks with lies, Jest look at our furniture. DICK, Blanche's older brother, mid-twenties, with a wild, frenzied air, enters, His pants are scaked to the knees,
2) 20) dialog: Uncle Theophilus wasn't that handsome, An! Unele Theophilus never look at Blanche like that. Blanche, you think Cousin Hammond is handsome? Blanche, managing to blush, nods shyly.
2) 77) dialog: hope she'll be a good I jest wife and bring him right to Jesus. x enters,
2) 80) dialog: We kin wait 'til tomorrer,
2) 1055) text: Iuerenta Borgia enters. with pots of. water. and eloths. e: Srrrin ROOM =" FALCONEURST ‘HOUSE. =. NIGHD ° “Wesel t 2 Redfiela “and” Beatrix Woodford. “gre seated. Hammond ‘paces nervously, Meg enters with a tray of irinks, Maxwell. shouts into: Beatrixts ear trumpet.
2) 1066) dialog: That lead you straight into the flames of hell... an! make Jesus Crya.
2) 1070) dialog: Sufferin' like that... she's too young. You a beast, Hammond... a monster} — - MRS. “REDFIELD's vorcE. Redfield... kin you help mea secon'. :