0) 4) text: ad enters, Big Pearl is sitting on the bed now. (CONTINUED)
0) 7) dialog: Yas, mama. The two.women leave. Hammond takes off his jacket, then his pistol. He still hasn't looked at Big Pearl, seems hesitant, unsure, Finally, he limps over to her, rere her silently, She lies back, rigid with fr: ° :
0) 10) dialog: Sho', Masta Hammon'... Mama say.e. She stops in mid-sentence,
0) 12) dialog: She say... she say... it be right joyful. Hammond nods, satisfied, begins to remove his trousers. For a moment, Big Fearl seems relieved that her lie was believed -- then the fear returns to her eyes.
0) 40) text: on jacket, Sacks up his pistol. Big Pearl lies on the bed, face down, Hammond gives her one last, gentle look and leaves. Lucy enters.
0) 42) dialog: Notun. She begins to sob desperately EXT. STABLE = NIGHT 1o Hammond walks back toward the house. Passing the stable, ne notices a light filtering beneath the door. Curious, he walks over to investigate, INT, STABLE - NIGHT i Aganemron is reading the prayer crudely printed in oversize block letters on a sheet of paper. Cicero stands near Agamemnon, reading over his shoulder.
2) 861) text: Big Pearl lies on the bed, moaning in childbirth. © Lucy holds a wet rag to her forehead, Mede sits on the floor, watching blankly. .
2) 862) dialog: It hurtint agin. | (CONTINUED)
2) 867) dialog: Whut Mede doin'? “Lucy Sittint, -Whut you wants him to do?
2) 870) text: Hammond reins in the horses, says someth to Ellen and gets out of the carriage. He hurries toward Lucy's cabin. INT, LUCY'S CABIN + FALCCNHURST PLANTATION = DAY cre Big Pearl lies holding her squalling, newborn infant. She hands it. to Lucy for comforting. Mede looks on, asad, distant smile on his face, As Hammond enters, Mede averts his gaze and edges out of the doorway. ee ‘ HAMMOND ~ . “Medel... Whure you goin!? ~ But he. is too intent on seeing the baby to pay more attention to Mede's odd departure, He takes the infant from Lucy's arms.
2) 873) dialog: I fine, It jest pop out like a seed outn a peach, (CONTINUED)
2) 889) text: mey walk. toward. the house.” “ HAMMOND. - Iwant lots of suckers like .. this, Mede. Couple of months, Big Pearl be ready fer breedin! agin. Hammond quickens his pace, eager to display the infant to his father.
4) 13) text: » INT. LUcYs ‘caBar - FALCONEURST PLANDATICH - NIGHT : 22 Mede, Big Pearl, Tucy and the baby lie asleep in the cabin, Hammond thrusts the door open. =.