0) 15) text: Cicero stands
0) 20) dialog: How you feel sittin! chained while the white man walk aboct, do his (MORZ) (CONTINUED)
0) 28) dialog: Whut you do is... all you kin do now is, think tabout it, hate it ant feel the hate good an! remember that hate ant feed it, An! you save it fer when you goint to use it. When we rise -up ant smite. the white man, -Like’. God's. chosen people done: smite they enemies.
0) 31) dialog: It happen. It happen already. It happen agin. It got to happen. God never create slaves... He create men, ail standin’! upright in His eyes. God tol! Moses to lead his people from the bondage of Egypte
0) 33) dialog: Thats right. Free men... not slaves... mastas our own selves ease Of tne earth an! the forest ant the rivers. You reckon the white man don! know that deep , down, know we is human as he is? Whut fer you reckon they keep us from readin', learnin', religion? Cuz they know, they afeared we is human. Mem, you brung that copy-out page? Agamemnon nods, rises, reaches into his pocket.
0) 46) dialog: No... mention... mention... it mean to speak, of concealment. The blacks gape at only Cicero seems composed, unm he sheet of pager behind
0) 126) dialog: Wnure I kin, Masta Hammon', Hammond frowns, shakes his head in resigned disapproval, He halts, watches Erownlee and the slaves leave. Then Re turns and walks toward the stable, 15 INT, STABLE - DAY i5 Agamemnon lies on the stable floor while NAPOLEON, a stout, nineteen-year-old, knots a rope about his ankles, The rope hangs from a pulley nailed to a Fn) rafter, } watches, excited, folding a wad of - eloth, Ham enters..
2) 1016) text: He. reaches: Cicero near the riverbank, pins him-to the — ‘Ckeero: stares” at: i Meds, in astonishment...
2) 1022) text: /¥You holt me fer the white ‘nant - Mhe white man kill me... you be cu KALLinU me...) you be’ puttin’ the Tope. arount my-neck yor self. : (pauses): - What you reckon you “Asees a houn!...?. White man say you fetch, you fetchI You see me hang.ee you goin! to know..e you killer a black brother, - Mede seems dazed by Cicero's words. He relaxes his grip and Cicero rises, starts to run off -- when Wallace and another man appear, corner him with guns.
2) 1024) text: A great throng has coliected to witness the executions No -- with more people arriving, Present are the riders, people of the plantaticn and numerous neighbors in carts and surreys. Cicero sits bound to a chair placed in a cart ~=- visible to everyone, an example, He holds himself erect, proud and defiant.
2) 1026) text: Mede starts to walk slowly, trance-like, toward Cicero. He reaches the captured slave, stares at him blindly.
2) 1027) dialog: Mayhan I got away, you didnt ketch me, You remember... you remember altays.e. you killed MCeae YOU remember bhatees you ‘killed me, : :
2) 1030) dialog: . You jest prove whut the white \ ay man sah. We jes! beastsSe.e ) m7 willin? to de anythin'... Kill ! each other... no mind, no . _ . feelints. “A rider slams a rifle butt into Cicero's face to silence him, Cicero is mute for just a second or two =~ then, carried out. or reach of his assailant, he speaks again
2) 1044) text: Another white chops hin vied jousiy | in the throat. “Med seems to wince with the blow. Cicero, choking, is set down next to the tree. A noose hanging from a. tree branch is placed around his neck and tightened. ‘The other end of the rope is fastened by one of the (CONTINUED)
2) 1048) dialog: You white men was oppress! in yo! own Jan’... we was free! You brought us. here in chains eae DUG now we here... this lant belong to us Like it belong to yout The mule is given a flick of the whip and leaps forward. Cicero, still in his chair, is jerked into the air, dangles. there, throttling. He. dies.. ‘Mede’ stands stricken, in a. kind of paralysis. Hammond, shaken and pale,.comes up. to him. He takes Mede by