2) 205) dialog: Masta Hammon! Maxwell tol! me to come wait fer him here,
2) 207) dialog: You a nigger...
2) 209) dialog: An' I Masta Hammon's slave, I ain't no slave of the biggest whot in New Orleans, Expleding, Babouin leaps at Mede, punching and kicking. Mede crashes into the ground, then jumps to his feet, blind with rage. He lowers his head and charges Babouin like a battering ram, Babouin sidestens in time and Mede, unable to check his rush, sprawls across the ground, Babouin grabs a chair and smashes it on Mede's head. Mede manages to catch hold of his adversary's leg and heave him over, They roll on the ground, strug- gling. . A girl's scream is HEARD and suddenly the balconies are full of spectators, excited by the battle, Madame Caroline appears on one of the balconies,
2) 314) dialog: Tain’t tired, Masta, I'm ready. Ee says you tired, you tlred. Don't dispute. — . (CONTINUZD )
2) 362) dialog: Man ready to give Masta Harmont nine thousan! doliers fer re... Masta Hammon! say no, AGAMEMNON ‘ You done lose... he trade you fer ' a cripple dog. :
2) 364) dialog: (getting argry) You talxint like a dumb anizal, right now! Mede, furious, starts rising from his chair, Iucrezia Borgia puts a restraining hand on his shoulder.
2) 376) dialog: (slowly) It come... I don't let it stay there, Haemend and Maxwell enter.
2) 378) dialog: I got all I needs, Masta,
2) 480) text: pulls his hand away and walks out. Blanche grabs e glass from the table and drains the rest of the iquer, INT, Icy'S CABIN - FALCONEURST PIANTATION - DAY 59 Mede lies on the bed while Iucy and Big Fearl rub his bedy with a foul-smelling cintment. Lucrezia Borgia watches critically, Hammond anid Mexwell, holding the ointment bottle, supervise.
2) 496) dialog: (grcaning) It hot, Masta... Hammond plunges his hand inte the cauldron, draws it back,
2) 553) text: The slaves suddenly break into applause as Mede arrives. He beams with all the attention and admiration.
2) 556) text: Doc Redfield climbs into the carriage. Hammond and Mede start to follow him when... Blanche appears, coming out-of the house, She is a bit unSteady on her feet, prettily dressed, carries a parasol and a hat box, Behind her, Tense carries two travelling bags. Hammond, seeing Blanche, looks unpleasantly surprised. A hush falls over the crowd. (CONTINUED)
2) 595) text: Topaz dances around Mede, striking out with his long arms, breaking through Mede's defense at will. Power- ful blows smash into Mede's rigfit eye, making it swell. More blows and Mede's lip splits, blood gushing down his chin, Mede is urable to counter, He absorbs more punches -~ it is not a fight but a flogging. The spectators begin to jeer. Now Topaz curses and taunts Mede as he pounds him, Then Mede advances -~ making no attempt to protect himself -~ ard delivers a mighty punch straight to the crucifix tattoo in the center of Topaz's chest. Topaz staggers cack, Mede follcws with another punch... and Topaz crashes to the ground. Mede leaps on top of Topaz. But Topaz extricates his arns, claws at Mede's flesh, drawing blood -- and jumps to his fset. Mede starts to rise but Topaz fells him with a blow to the head. The audience rears approval, Maxwell is bouncing up and down in his chair with excitement, enjoying the fight, seemingly unconcerned about Mede's plight. But Hammond looks stricken, his hands clenched. Mede reaches out, grabs Topaz's leg and brings him down. Topaz tries to kick Mede in the groin <= but Mede rolls away in time. Mede stumbles to his feet... plunges at Tovaz, slamming his ‘mees into Topaz's face, Topaz screams with pain, but locks his arms around Mede, pulls him down ard sinks his teeth into Mede's ear lobe, half- ripping it off, Then Topex crashes one devastating blow after another into Mece's bleeding face.
2) 599) text: Mede responds with e last superhuman effort -- a sledge- . hammer blow to Topaz's temple == then falls back. Topaz a. stays cn top of him, pinning him to the ground. Lazare enters the ring to declare victory for Topaz. But suddenly Mede flings his arms around Topaz, pulls his body down tight egainst himself, his jaw working against Topaz's neck, Topaz shrieks, chokes, and his bedy shudders convulsively, his legs twitching, _ Lazare returns to his corner -- the fight is still on. Seconds tick by... the pair lie still, Topaz on top. lazare enters the ring again -- Topaz apparently the victor, He pulls Topaz off Mede -- but Topaz is limp as a rag doll, blood spurting from his neck, his jugular vein severed, He is dead, : Mede tries to rise but drops back into the dust. His lips and teeth are stained with blood. Hammond rushes up to him, incredulous.
2) 607) text: Redfield slings a bucket of water over Mede who is kmeel- ing on the. ground. Hammond tries to heave him to his feet, Redfleld gives Mede a pint of whiskey.
2) 647) text: Dite, Meg and Alph look edmiringly at tion dicks his spirits, he starts to = on appears, kes the tridles off the ‘'§ -= and locks piercingly at Mede. The smile dies de's face, : Lucrezia Borgia, The atte
2) 653) text: : “ - ACAMENETON nas 'cratulations, Mede. Not evtry black man git to kill ‘nother black man. Kill two... three mot... mayhap yo! sicin turn white, « MEDE (defensive) Theat Topaz... he out to kill me, AGAMEMNON . The white man do like his games.., set two niggers on each other like two craze dogs. cht Meae. looks away, his expression di stant -- and sed -_ waiks on to Lucy's cabin, : : 7. ELIMINATED oe . TL -
2) 704) dialog: Bon! do no good a-thinkin! trout it,
2) 712) dialog: (finally) I happy here, Masta. Hammond nods » Satisfied and smiling,
2) 716) dialog: Masta Harmen say he ruther raise cotton than slaves, He got God in hin,
2) 723) dialog: He purty good fer a white wan.
2) 725) dialog: How goed yeu ‘speck a white man kin git!
2) 802) text: - Fetch me up here the biggest, blackest buck we got. on the “place... That Mede. Fetch him through the front an' up the steps quiet-like,..
2) 809) text: » MEDE.. want mer : sig ; MEG . Wig PY she waitint in her room, Le
2) 810) dialog: Whut she want of me? * LUCY ; Mayhap. she want to whup you like Ellen,
2) 814) dialog: I ain't got no leave to go in that house... Masta Hammon! aWaYe
2) 829) dialog: Miz Blanche...! (CONTINUED)
2) 839) text: Rev. 7/15/74 108. s.s V BLANGEE'S RCCM : 91 Ney sua Mede lies neked on his back in the bed, staring at th ceiling, Blanche, lying beside him, regards him with a vengeful smile. Finally, Mede speaks.
2) 840) dialog: (tonelessly) I craves to die, Miz Blanche,
2) 843) text: Mede emerges from the room, walks toward the stairs apathetically -~- a study in despair, Halfway down the stairs, he starts to run. He gets out of the front door an instant before Maxwell walks sleepily out of i the sitting recom, Lucrezia appears from the back of the house. Maxwell sniffs the air.
2) 857) dialog: Whure I run? ‘They fint you on the road, they kills you... or bring you back, Then Masta Hammon! wonder whut fer I run. For a moment, guilt overcomes his fear,
2) 858) dialog: He been good to me, Memteee He face is sheer agony.
2) 861) text: Big Pearl lies on the bed, moaning in childbirth. © Lucy holds a wet rag to her forehead, Mede sits on the floor, watching blankly. .
2) 870) text: Hammond reins in the horses, says someth to Ellen and gets out of the carriage. He hurries toward Lucy's cabin. INT, LUCY'S CABIN + FALCCNHURST PLANTATION = DAY cre Big Pearl lies holding her squalling, newborn infant. She hands it. to Lucy for comforting. Mede looks on, asad, distant smile on his face, As Hammond enters, Mede averts his gaze and edges out of the doorway. ee ‘ HAMMOND ~ . “Medel... Whure you goin!? ~ But he. is too intent on seeing the baby to pay more attention to Mede's odd departure, He takes the infant from Lucy's arms.
2) 881) text: ws HAMMOND. whut wrong with you, Mede? “Aintt you glad whut a fine sucker you give Elg Pearl? (to Lucy). My Papa seen it yet?
2) 889) text: mey walk. toward. the house.” “ HAMMOND. - Iwant lots of suckers like .. this, Mede. Couple of months, Big Pearl be ready fer breedin! agin. Hammond quickens his pace, eager to display the infant to his father.
2) 902) text: ‘Hammond: is: “further surprised by: her r pleasant answe Maxwell takes two silver dollars from his pockets holds them out to Mede. LO
2) 982) dialog: (grimly) I git better, "Wasta... I be better. (CONTINUED)
2) 987) text: Bev. 7/15/74 119. Lou CONTINUED = (2): ‘ 104 Suddenly the air is shattered by the echo cf GUNSHOTS coming from the nearby hills, Hammond looks up in alarm, whips his norse and gallops off. Medes follows, ic5 EXT, FALCONHURST HOUSE = DAY 105 Hammond and Mede arrive as a group of men on horseback, armed with rifles, come galloping down the drive to the house, Wallace is among the riders, Maxwell and Lucrezia Borgia come out of the house.
2) 1005) text: 1o7 EXT, CLEARING BY A RIVER - DAY * 107 Hammond, Mede and the other horsemen jain a second platoon of riders at the edge of the clearing. One rider lies on the ground, bleeding, In the center of the clearing is a tumbledown old shack, (CONTINUED )
2) 1014) text: Hammond and Mede find the underbrush in the woeds too thick to make pregress on horseback,
2) 1022) text: /¥You holt me fer the white ‘nant - Mhe white man kill me... you be cu KALLinU me...) you be’ puttin’ the Tope. arount my-neck yor self. : (pauses): - What you reckon you “Asees a houn!...?. White man say you fetch, you fetchI You see me hang.ee you goin! to know..e you killer a black brother, - Mede seems dazed by Cicero's words. He relaxes his grip and Cicero rises, starts to run off -- when Wallace and another man appear, corner him with guns.
2) 1026) text: Mede starts to walk slowly, trance-like, toward Cicero. He reaches the captured slave, stares at him blindly.
2) 1029) text: "Two men’ pick. Gicéro ‘up ‘in his chad: r and begin: to: : him toward a stout tree. Mede walzs alongside, ~ g : magnetized, . :
4) 13) text: » INT. LUcYs ‘caBar - FALCONEURST PLANDATICH - NIGHT : 22 Mede, Big Pearl, Tucy and the baby lie asleep in the cabin, Hammond thrusts the door open. =.
4) 26) text: Lucy arrives with the pitchfork, hands it to Hammond. Then Hammond looks at the seething water in the cauldron, turns to Mede, >
4) 32) dialog: Miz... Miz Blanches..?
4) 59) text: Mede looks at Hammond straight in the eyes, holding the . gaze, defiant, immovable, yi MEDE I done think you was somehow better'n a white man, But you is... a.., white... man, (CONTINUED)