2) 584) dialog: I amgoint to win...
2) 595) text: Topaz dances around Mede, striking out with his long arms, breaking through Mede's defense at will. Power- ful blows smash into Mede's rigfit eye, making it swell. More blows and Mede's lip splits, blood gushing down his chin, Mede is urable to counter, He absorbs more punches -~ it is not a fight but a flogging. The spectators begin to jeer. Now Topaz curses and taunts Mede as he pounds him, Then Mede advances -~ making no attempt to protect himself -~ ard delivers a mighty punch straight to the crucifix tattoo in the center of Topaz's chest. Topaz staggers cack, Mede follcws with another punch... and Topaz crashes to the ground. Mede leaps on top of Topaz. But Topaz extricates his arns, claws at Mede's flesh, drawing blood -- and jumps to his fset. Mede starts to rise but Topaz fells him with a blow to the head. The audience rears approval, Maxwell is bouncing up and down in his chair with excitement, enjoying the fight, seemingly unconcerned about Mede's plight. But Hammond looks stricken, his hands clenched. Mede reaches out, grabs Topaz's leg and brings him down. Topaz tries to kick Mede in the groin <= but Mede rolls away in time. Mede stumbles to his feet... plunges at Tovaz, slamming his ‘mees into Topaz's face, Topaz screams with pain, but locks his arms around Mede, pulls him down ard sinks his teeth into Mede's ear lobe, half- ripping it off, Then Topex crashes one devastating blow after another into Mece's bleeding face.
2) 599) text: Mede responds with e last superhuman effort -- a sledge- . hammer blow to Topaz's temple == then falls back. Topaz a. stays cn top of him, pinning him to the ground. Lazare enters the ring to declare victory for Topaz. But suddenly Mede flings his arms around Topaz, pulls his body down tight egainst himself, his jaw working against Topaz's neck, Topaz shrieks, chokes, and his bedy shudders convulsively, his legs twitching, _ Lazare returns to his corner -- the fight is still on. Seconds tick by... the pair lie still, Topaz on top. lazare enters the ring again -- Topaz apparently the victor, He pulls Topaz off Mede -- but Topaz is limp as a rag doll, blood spurting from his neck, his jugular vein severed, He is dead, : Mede tries to rise but drops back into the dust. His lips and teeth are stained with blood. Hammond rushes up to him, incredulous.
2) 606) text: The crowd roars, Maxwell is on his feet screeching, Men exchange money, Settling bets with each other ard Madame Caroline, LDeMarigny walks over to Topaz, gazes contenmptuously at the body. DeMARIGNY Somebody haul this heap of merde away.
2) 653) text: : “ - ACAMENETON nas 'cratulations, Mede. Not evtry black man git to kill ‘nother black man. Kill two... three mot... mayhap yo! sicin turn white, « MEDE (defensive) Theat Topaz... he out to kill me, AGAMEMNON . The white man do like his games.., set two niggers on each other like two craze dogs. cht Meae. looks away, his expression di stant -- and sed -_ waiks on to Lucy's cabin, : : 7. ELIMINATED oe . TL -