3) 0) text: JACK, A 20 year old gay man who loves him a good "Cosby Sweater", is sitting at the computer desk "surfing" on the desktop. Anna walks up from behind and runs her fingers through Jack's hair.
3) 2) dialog: So when does Ted Bundy get here? We follow Anna across the room where she plops herself down on the couch.
3) 5) dialog: You sit your pretty little ass down hooker. Anna adjusts herself back down into the comfy couch.
3) 7) dialog: Look at this mother fucker. He rudely motions him to come in and sit down.
3) 8) dialog: Zoey is in the bathroom getting ready for a night of manipulation, sit the fuck down.
3) 14) dialog: (looking at Quinn) I will call the state police in a fucking heart beat if she isn't here by midnight.
3) 20) dialog: Get the fuck out.
5) 0) text: Jack is passed out drooling on the couch. Anna and Zoey are cross legged on the floor in the midst of "girl talk".
9) 0) text: Quinn is sitting on the couch as Jack and Anna make their way for the door.
9) 2) dialog: Yeah we don't want to interrupt your "date rape". Anna hits Jack.
9) 16) dialog: Who is going too far now?
10) 0) text: Jack puts his arm around Anna, as to stop her for a second.
10) 2) dialog: You know I hate him because it's my nature but-
10) 4) dialog: Tragedy changes people, it effected Zoey in one way...you in another.
17) 48) dialog: What the fuck?!? I want to watch Bring me the Head of Alfredo Garcia in peace!
22) 0) text: Zoey is pacing back and forth. Jack rubs his face in frustration. He is tired of watching Zoey tear herself up over this guy. Anna tries to step into Zoey's path attempting to get her attention
22) 10) dialog: Just show her the fucking file. Jack gets up.
23) 0) text: Quinn runs toward Louis' apartment. His KNOCKS sound like a jackhammer on the door. Louis answers.
25) 0) text: Jack walks into the room holding a file folder. Zoey is sitting on the couch trying to get a grip. Jack throws the file in her lap.
25) 2) dialog: No it was to keep everything organized... (beat) ...and for dramatic effect. Suddenly Zoey's cell phon rings. She sets the folder aside and answers.
26) 15) dialog: What is it?
26) 18) dialog: You need to look at this. Zoey takes the folder from him and starts reading.
26) 19) dialog: I spent a lot of time gathering that information.
26) 21) dialog: Quinn Wilson and Louis Marks were orphans. Zoey is flipping through documents.
26) 22) dialog: Quinn displayed some erratic behavior from the beginning. One of the staff members was Mormon and they would read stories to Quinn out of the Book Of Mormon. That employee was later fired, but a seed was planted in Quinn's head. He kept going on about how he and Louis were meant to fight to the death. Some of the children at the time claim Louis would encourage this behavior. He probably thought this was Quinn's attempt at playing. (beat) As things continued the staff at the orphanage thought Quinn needed help beyond what they could offer. They sent Quinn to a hospital. Zoey puts the folder down, the documents fall to the floor.
26) 27) dialog: Why don't you let us save you? Please Zoey.
26) 30) dialog: (rousing up) Ehhh...what? You better be a hot bear of a man. Jack looks up and sees Zoey.
26) 31) dialog: Or Zoey...What do you need hun? Zoey hands Jack a document from the folder.
26) 33) dialog: Looks like a room list from the psych hospital.
26) 36) dialog: Quinn and his roommate is listed.
26) 38) dialog: Yeah...looks that way.
31) 0) text: Zoey is parked in a parking lot, while she chats on her cell phone with Jack.
31) 1) dialog: You might be right sweetheart. The employee I was telling you about earlier was instrumental in getting Appleridge Orphanage shut down.
31) 4) dialog: Mrs. Rhodes was pretty well known in Huntington. I think she felt this guy was getting in the way of her master plan. Finally, nearly 20 years later, he convinced the state what was really going on there.
31) 6) dialog: That girl you talked to was "pants crapping nuts". She actually makes your boyfriend look sane. I guess she believes that Lucifer came to her in a vision-
31) 8) dialog: -I don't know. I think you have to be awake for a vision. (beat) Will you please pay attention? Anyway he, meaning Lucifer, gave her this jazz about...well you know the story. Two angels, fighting to the death...blah...blah...Anyway he told her she needed to look after Louis and get Quinn out of there. I guess trying to stack the odds in Louis' favor.
31) 10) dialog: To the same hospital where her nephew was a patient. All on the dark lord's orders I guess.
31) 12) dialog: Your friends are fucking whack.
31) 14) dialog: So what are you going to do?
31) 17) dialog: Goddamn Zoey!
31) 21) dialog: I got a text about thirty minutes ago. I'm pretty sure she is going to head to Quinn's apartment.
31) 23) dialog: What?
31) 25) dialog: Trust me I know Anna. (beat) I know... KNOCKING is heard at the door. Anna gets up to answer.
31) 26) dialog: Maybe it's Quinn the jackass.
31) 54) text: A hand rips duct tape off of Jack's mouth. He let's out a loud scream.
31) 55) dialog: Mother fucker!
32) 0) text: Quinn crouches down beside Jack. Jack and Anna are both tied up, Anna still has duct tape across her mouth. You can hear her muffled screams as they fill the room.
32) 2) dialog: Fuck you mother fucker! I'm going to call the fucking fuzz once you untie me! Fucking nut bag, ball sac-
32) 5) dialog: Ass fuck salad- Quinn puts the duct tape back on Jack's mouth. Even though we can't make out what he is saying, he is still running off at the mouth.
33) 0) text: Quinn gets up, holding his katana and ready for a fight. He's dressed in a black biker jacket, kind of looking like the Bride from Kill Bill. He walks to the doorway. He stands still for a second. He's preparing his next move. Bad ass comic book pose...'nuff said.