12) 0) text: The roar from the three engines comes in waves. The locomotive is surprisingly small. Two GE desktop consoles occupy most of the space in the car. Each console has an elaborate instrument panel. Tom studies the train orders, fills out paperwork. OTIS PETALAS, manning the other side of the console, is a lean glass-wearing man in his 30's.
12) 3) dialog: (into radio) This is the Coast Starlight, and we are setting up and running...Wanda, your favorite train is leaving...
23) 4) dialog: I’m gonna file a complaint. I’m nailing that nosy bastard.
23) 6) dialog: Sure I am.
34) 2) dialog: (into radio) This is the Coast Starlight approaching HWY 6. We have an object on the tracks, I repeat...
39) 1) dialog: A goddamn car!
50) 1) dialog: A boy?
50) 3) dialog: Stop the train! Otis reaches for the EMERGENCY APPLICATION on the air bra Tom pushes him away. 29.
62) 0) text: News and camera CREWS swarm in the peripherals recording irritated, confused PASSENGERS who wait in long lines to board the blue busses of California Amtrak. Yellow tape isolates the accident scene from the media. T car, or the mangled piece of metal that is left of it, is still attached to the train’s grill like a deformed, gian bug. DETECTIVES work around it, retrieving evidence. Tom and Otis step out of one car each holding a plastic c with a urine sample. Otis avoids looking at the mangled Lincoln as he and Tom hand their samples to a POLICE OFFI
62) 3) text: The Police Officer smiles awkwardly and takes the samples N.B. and OFFICIALS from the Federal Railroad Administrati mill nearby under the hot sun. Tom joins them. Otis stays few feet away.
67) 8) dialog: Hey, Tom. Sorry to disturb you at home. Can we talk? INT. TOM & MEGAN’S HOUSE - GARAGE - DAY Tom installs a piece of track. Otis, surprised, checks ou the model tracks. oTis I had no idea you were into model trains.
78) 0) text: A working man’s joint. Country music plays in the b.g. TR DRIVERS wash down the road at the bar. Tom and Otis are a one table. ROSANNA, cheap highlights and expensive cleava serves Otis a coffee and puts a beer in front of Tom.
78) 5) dialog: You thought about it?
78) 8) dialog: I’m going to talk to N.B. I’m giving my notice.
78) 12) dialog: We'll never know for sure.
78) 15) dialog: We killed a human being - a person.
78) 20) dialog: You know what he did right before we hit him? He smiled at us.
78) 23) dialog: Don’t be an asshole.
79) 0) text: A strip mall. Otis gets into his car. Tom is blinded by r
131) 0) text: Tom sits on one of the benches outside large double doors The doors open. Otis comes out. N.B. appears behind him. N.B. (to Tom) They're ready for you. Otis walks away. Tom calls after him.