4) 1) dialog: Can I take my head off, mate? I’m boiling.
4) 3) dialog: What’s the hold up? Douglas gives him a ‘look’. Copyright BBC PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL
4) 6) dialog: Oh.
6) 1) text: LEN takes another drag on his ciggie.
6) 2) dialog: Well, tell him to get his skates on. Some of us have got a bloody planet to invade. Douglas jabs him in the ribs. BILL has entered the studio dressed in all his finery as the Doctor. Frock-coat, cape astrakhan hat. He walks across the studio floor. From his POV: scissor lights hanging from the ceiling, bu TV cameras and milling CREW, dusting the studio with fake snow. At last he approaches the outside of another set. Double doors with circular depressions in them suddenly swing op
7) 1) text: The incredible original. It’s brightly lit, though the wa are, unexpectedly, a pale peppermint green, not white. At centre, the big hexagonal control console, covered in dia and gauges and switches. The glass cylinder in the middle still and silent. Lying under the console is a sweaty and grumpy young STAGE HAND. He tries to force the glass cylinder to move but it’s stu fast so he gets up and walks off, not noticing BILL, stan in the doorway. Bill gazes around the set and then looks up, closing his eyes. Copyright BBC PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL An Adventure in Space & Time - SHOOTING SCRIPT - 01/02/1 The grinding sound of the TARDIS engines roars, overwhelm Bill’s senses. The ‘year-ometer’ on the TARDIS console starts clicking backwards. 1966, 1965, 1964 and comes to rest on... 1963. Then the whole scene... WHITES OUT.
37) 0) text: DELIA is carrying reams of magnetic tape the length of th corridor. She runs out of space and makes a snap decision reel the tape further - into the Ladies’ loo. Under this: The theme tune becoming more and more recognizable. Dum-de-dum-dum-de-dum. ..woo-oo!
49) 28) dialog: I'll do it!
49) 30) dialog: I don’t mind. Blacking my teeth. I’ve already got sand-fleas in my Y- fronts. Can’t get much worse. Copyright BBC PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL An Adventure in Space & Time - SHOOTING SCRIPT - 01/02/1
49) 71) dialog: Am I on yet?
51) 4) text: On screen WARIS and anxiously in the darkened gallery, the finished episode. VERITY - in another striking new dress - are watching. On the monitor: the incongruous sight of the TARDIS, in splendid isolation on a frozen, prehistoric plain. The sh of LEN falls across it... The theme music pounds out and the credits roll. In the dim light, cigarette smoke blossoms. SYDNEY is sit at the back of the gallery. The lights come up. Waris and Verity look round. Sydney doesn’t smile.
66) 0) text: VERITY and WARIS sit in glum silence.
68) 2) dialog: Yeah. The view is cut off as a lid is plonked down.
83) 3) dialog: Well, I need a wee, don’t I?
84) 1) text: October 1964 - weeks later. More Daleks stand by a brick wall set. On it is a huge poster: IT IS FORBIDDEN TO DUMP BODIES INTO THE RIVER. Bulky cameras, not unlike Daleks themselves, are clustere around the alien menace. CAROLE stands apart, pensive. BILL is with LEN.
84) 2) dialog: (to Bill) I thought I might try something when I’m carrying you down the ramp?
84) 4) dialog: Maybe just throw a look towards you, sort of showing the Roboman’s inner turmoil? “I was a man once”, sort of thing, “before the Daleks made me like this”?
84) 6) dialog: (sulky) It was just a suggestion.
84) 8) dialog: What’s up with you? Copyright BBC PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL An Adventure in Space & Time - SHOOTING SCRIPT - 01/02/1
91) 0) text: We move up the cottage stairway and there’s the sound of BILL, coughing violently. It’s like a car engine on a col morning. The bathroom light clicks on, revealing Bill in his pyjam He looks at his tired face in the bathroom mirror. Dialog from the show echoes through his mind.
108) 1) text: September 1966 - BILL is still looking up, eyes closed. H standing as he first was, by the console. He lowers his head and opens his eyes to find the studio now full of CREW. And three people stand facing him. MIKE and ANNEKE, the n companions and the dark, beguiling PAT, the new Doctor Wh He has a mop of black hair and is dressed in baggy check trousers and a beaten up frock-coat. Silence. Tense silence. The old Doctor and the new Doctor face each other. Then -