0) 0) text: July 1966. Fog. Dense. Unhealthy. British. A tired-looking road sign reads ‘Barnes Common’. The fog clears a little to reveal: a police telephone box. Old. Battered. And, as we fade from black and white to colour... Blue. A sign on one door panel reads: ‘Officers and cars respon urgent calls’. Traffic goes carefully past. Caption: 1966. One car trundles to a halt and just stays there, headligh carving yellow tunnels into the fog. The door of the Police Box opens, throwing a shaft of lig into the night, and a policeman, REG, appears. He looks o towards the road and sees the stationary car, its engine ticking over. He frowns, clicks on a powerful torch and w down to the road.
0) 2) text: Sitting at the wheel of the car, staring into space, is a grey-faced man, much older-looking than his 58 years. Wil Hartnell - BILL to his friends. At the moment, he doesn’t have many of those. Copyright BBC PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL An Adventure in Space & Time - SHOOTING SCRIPT - 01/02/1 There’s a knock at the window. Bill doesn’t seem to hear. REG, the policeman, tries again.
0) 3) dialog: Everything alright, sir? No answer.
0) 4) dialog: Are you ok? Bill seems lost in reverie.
0) 5) dialog: You need to move along now, sir. Bill turns to him. He looks haunted. REG (CONT’D) Sir, you're in the way. Bill winds down the window.
0) 7) dialog: Sorry, sir but you... ‘Ere! Aren't you - ?
0) 9) dialog: You're him, aren’t you! You’re Doctor Who! -- and drives off.
0) 10) dialog: Wait till I tell the kids! They bloomin’ love you! Reg smiles as he watches the car vanish into the fog.
9) 21) text: It’s a blur of beehives, skinny trousers, ciggies and jaz In the corner is a glum-looking heavily PREGNANT GIRL, smoking. A striking, dark-haired young woman, VERITY (LAMBERT) is dancing with JACKIE (JACQUELINE HILL), equal striking, with her hair piled up. She glances over at the pregnant girl and throws a surprised look back at Verity. They yell over the noise of the party.
49) 16) text: -- the TARDIS interior in all its glory. September 1963. The studio floor. In costume, BILL, RUSS and JACKIE are standing by the Police Box double doors - which are being held in place by two stage hands. Bill and Carole are in slightly odd versions of their costumes. Bill has a regular collar and tie, Carole a mor ‘alien’ outfit. Close on a studio clock. Eight minutes to ten. Four cameras stand close by. Massive, thick cables cover floor like spaghetti.
106) 0) text: BILL’s car roars away from REG the policeman.
106) 1) dialog: You're him, aren’t you! You’re Doctor Who! Wait till I tell the kids! They bloomin’ love you!