31) 2) dialog: 
31) 4) dialog: One gat damn move from either of y'all and I will lay yo asses down. Ya'll trifling muh fuckas think cause ol’ Jasper is blind that you can come robbin’ his ass? Think again! Tyler and Zak are silent.
31) 5) dialog: Y'all boys black or white? Tyler and Zak look at each other not knowing how to respo
31) 6) dialog: OK then. Blind Jasper John blasts a slug past their heads!
31) 9) dialog: I knowd y’all was white! I could smell y’all from a mile away! (beat) Y'all God fearing? Tyler and Zak think for a moment.
31) 11) dialog: (Cocks pistol) Matters to me.
31) 13) dialog: (Sweetens) A friend of Jesus is a friend of Jasper John’s as far as I’m concerned! Lucky for y’all muh fuckas it’s Sunday, and what a blessed day it is to confess some sins.
31) 15) dialog: Attempted robbery of a blind man seems like a nice place to start.
31) 17) dialog: There are wolves in this world and there are sheep. I might not has my eyes, but I know the difference. And I knows that both you boys are just two weary fleece wearing travelers who have lost y’alls way. Neither of y’all is wolves. Y'all just sheep who have strayed from His flock. Jasper looks to the sky, Tyler swallows hard.
31) 18) dialog: I’m donatin’ supplies from my junk yard for your pilgrimage, anything but that tin boat you can has it. Cause I sees it as my duty to get both you sheep back to your Shepard. Tyler and Zak look slightly relieved.
31) 19) dialog: I cain’t has you boys runnin off from here with dirt on y’alls hands. A wolf can hunt you down just by the smell of the sins of yo’ past. I don’t want no wolves getting a’hold of you now, cause that would be a frightful bloody mess. (beat) So we gonna clean you up right. (beat) With a baptism.
31) 22) dialog: Both y’all come down here and bathe in the warm waters of forgiveness. Zak limps to the water's edge; he cautiously steps in.
31) 23) dialog: (to Zak) Today marks the first day of the rest of your life. Nothing can touch you with the good grace of the Lord. (to Tyler) Stand up son, accept His blessing. (beat) Put the wolves of yo’ past to rest. Blind Jasper John’s family all watch in silence.
31) 25) dialog: Well, unfortunately I don’t perform those kinds of baptisms. Begin flashback music. cur TO: Zak, arms spread wide, falls backwards in the brown murky river. Blind Jasper John is there to catch him, and holds nose as he slips under the water.
32) 2) text: --He takes a dirty sheet and makes a crude sail out of it --Tyler and Zak are building a raft. 52. --They throw extra wood on the platform and then push the raft into the water. Tyler carefully pins the photo of Mark and himself to the crude steering mechanism at the back of the raft. EXT. WATERFRONT BEHIND BLIND JASPER’S JUNKYARD - DAY --Tyler and Zak push the raft along two small pine trees, with their bark shaved off, into the water with a splash. --It looks like trash, but it floats and they look please --Blind Jasper John shakes Tyler’s hand.
32) 3) dialog: OK then, Moses. Fade out flashback music.
34) 2) dialog: I ain’t seen shit, girl! Eleanor notices the cataracts in Jasper’s eyes.
34) 4) dialog: You God fearing? Eleanor looks confused.