0) 0) text: The atmosphere is drab and the smell of old age lingers. ZAK (22), a young man with high-functioning Down syndrome sits in the lunchroom pushing food around on his plate. He shares a glance with ROSEMARY (92), who sits across th table. She looks down at a piece of paper in her hands, f it, places it in her pocket, and nods at Zak. Zak nods back and slowly pushes his pudding across the ta Rosemary eats the pudding, enjoying every bite. Zak looks around and sees senior citizens moving slowly. Wheelchairs and walkers surround him. ELEANOR (26), a kind brunette with understated beauty is dressed in business casual. She helps CARL (82) into his chair. Carl is gray all over and carries a cane; he flirt with the confidence of a man in his prime.
0) 1) dialog: I like the cut of your jib darling.
0) 3) dialog: Can I have those earrings? If I give them to Rosemary I think she might finally let me see what’s under that muumuu. Carl is pleased with his joke. Eleanor shakes her head an smiles. Eleanor moves around the room with the grace of a Kennedy she passes by Zak and Rosemary’s table. She adores Zak an love is palpable in her demeanor.
3) 1) text: Tyler slows his boat upon seeing a North Carolina Fisheri Warden who has stopped to check another fisherman's catch Tyler then turns his boat and speeds away in the opposite direction. EXT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY The two male nurses screw small gauge aluminum bars onto Zak's window then shake them to make sure they are attach securely. INT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY Zak, still with remnants of dirt on his face, inspects an VHS tape carefully. He lifts the cover flap, and blows on magnetic strip. Zak places the tape into the player; it is labeled: “THE WATER REDNECK.” Sitting at attention on the edge of his bed, Zak watches footage of his favorite wrestler. THE SALT WATER REDNECK(34) wears blue camouflage briefs a matching face paint. His hair is long, luscious, blonde, held back by a rolled bandana that matches his briefs. Carl sits close by, with an afghan blanket draped over hi
3) 2) dialog: Lord knows if I had a nickel for every time you watched that video tape I would be a rich man. The video has high production value from the ‘80s, comple with star wipes and laser noises. Fans cheer as The Redneck roars like a lion and flexes in slow motion. The camera is close up on his sweaty face as he throws a grown man from the ring and a title flashes on the screen “ATOMIC THROW!” Zak opens and closes his hands in excitement.
3) 5) dialog: We have watched that throw ten times today already.
3) 7) dialog: And you will be the next badass!
3) 11) dialog: Move Rosemary in here and I'1l keep an eye on both of them. Carl winks at Zak.
3) 17) dialog: Not just creative, it’s genius! You know why? That’s an advertisement for what he wants to do with the rest of his LIFE!
3) 22) dialog: (to Zak) You been here two years?
3) 24) dialog: We gotta fix that.
3) 25) dialog: Eleanor, did you get me that soap I asked for? Eleanor hands Carl a container of liquid soap.
4) 3) dialog: (whispering) Hey son, get up. I want to show you something.
4) 5) dialog: Did you know I was an engineer in another life? I was. Zak watches Carl, amazed. Carl places his cane between the strips of sheets. He beg to rotate the cane, reeling in the slack in the fabric. 10.
4) 6) dialog: Here, you're strong, you do this. Zak takes his place. He spins the cane and the fabric pul harder on the bars.
4) 7) dialog: Good, that’s it there. The bars slowly begin to bend together. Zak strains as he turns the cane another rotation.
4) 8) dialog: Now move down and do it again. (beat) A bird in a cage ain’t really even a bird. God gave you a gift. It’s a shame people don’t know how to let an animal as beautiful as you fly. Zak continues his work and the gap between the bars grows Carl smiles and hands Zak the bottle of liquid soap that Eleanor gave him earlier. He holds Zak’s hands between hi Zak smiles and looks down at the gift.
4) 10) dialog: Well that’s it. Friends are the family you choose.
4) 12) dialog: Thank you, I’m there. Carl kisses Zak gently on the forehead; they hug goodbye.
4) 13) dialog: Now go kick some ass. Zak, takes his pajamas off. Carl slips into his bed and closes his eyes. The poster of the Salt Water Redneck that hangs above Zak bed looks down approvingly. 11. Zak stands only in his tighty-whities illuminated by moonlight. He looks at the compromised prison bars on his window, in on doing it right this time. He begins stretching like a weekend jogger. He touches hi toes and stretches his torso from side to side. He takes a few deep breaths, nostrils flare. He cracks his neck and hits his chest with a closed fist. He picks up the bottle of Carl’s liquid soap and squirts into his hands. Zak lathers up his stomach, his back, and arms. Finally, he puts it all over his face. He reaches out and grabs the bars... .+.-puts one leg through easily... .--his torso hits the bars and stops. Zak groans and forces his body through the opening. His face, still not through the gap, smashes together mak his lips purse. He breathes harder. His skin bunches up, glistening from the soap; as it give way, he slides through the bars. Zak grins, and takes off across the lawn. Carl smiles and waves goodbye from behind the bent bars. Zak is running across the lawn in slow motion. He glisten the moonlight. EXT. BOAT DOCK OUTSIDE WINKIE’S FISH HOUSE - MORNING Zak, still in his underwear from the night before, enters boat yard timidly. He hears a door open and dives behind a large stack of cr pots. Tyler exits the fish house, wearing cut off jean shorts a white T-shirt. Fish blood and scales cover his hands and torso. DUNCAN (49), a wiry fisherman with sure blue eyes and the strength of a man twice his size immediately shoves Tyler into the stack of crab pots that Zak is hiding behind. 12. Duncan’s hands are callused from honest work, and leave grease marks on Tyler’s shirt upon impact. RATBOY (27) and CRAIG (39) round out Duncan’s posse, they nearby on open tailgate of his camouflage diesel truck watching as the scene develops. Ratboy is rail thin, covered in tattoos, and looks sickly with graying teeth. Craig is unforgettably obese and laug with a high pitch chuckle that cuts above the noise.