4) 14) dialog: You cut the buoys off my pots? Duncan grabs Tyler violently by the collar. Tyler’s fists by his side, ready to be used if needed.
4) 15) dialog: You cut them buoys?!
4) 18) dialog: Powell’s Point WAS Mark’s, but Mark is gone. It was his fishing license too, remember?
4) 20) dialog: Bring back so much as a minnow and I’ll have the Game Warden cart your ass to prison. You’re done crabbing in Colington. This ignites Tyler’s anger and the two start to fight. Zak crawls along the pots trying to get away from the mel Duncan, much better with his hands, hits Tyler with one powerful punch to the gut and drops him to the ground.
4) 21) dialog: (to Tyler) There's 10 fishing licenses to go around Dare County. 13. Duncan pulls out a piece of paper from his pocket.
4) 22) dialog: This one used to be Mark’s, but it says Duncan Silver now. (beat) That's just business. Ratboy gets off the truck and walks toward Tyler.
4) 23) dialog: You owe me 40 pots. Duncan walks toward his truck and points to a large stack crab pots adorned with red buoys.
4) 24) dialog: Touch my rigs again and you better grow eyes in the back of your head. I ain’t jokin’ either. I’1l bash your skull in with a tire iron. Ratboy drops down and puts his hand on Tyler’s throat who still laid out in the dirt.
5) 0) text: Tyler sits in silence leaned against a wooden piling, dir and blood still on his face. From the pocket of his shorts he pulls out an old plastic filled with dirty cigarette butts and rolling papers. After placing a rolling paper on his lap he harvests toba from five cigarette butts; hand rolls, licks, and lights a match. As he smokes Tyler eyes Duncan and Ratboy’s crab pots wit their red buoys. He goes to his boat and fumbles around looking for someth He almost pulls the tarp off Zak, but at the last second, grabs a large red canister of gasoline. Tyler pours the gas all over Duncan & Ratboy’s buoys. He contemplates for a moment, then tosses his cigarette d immediately setting the gasoline soaked pile ablaze. His eyes widen as the fire starts to take over more than the buoys. Every crab pot Duncan owns is now on fire. 15. Tyler, nervous, gets in his boat, puts the key in the ignition and turns it. Nothing.
6) 0) text: INTERCUT BETWEEN DUNCAN’S BOAT & TYLER’S BOAT. Tyler is far out in front, but Duncan and Ratboy are gain ground. Duncan and Ratboy’s boat has two 200 horsepower motors, a they run clean and fast. Tyler takes a hard turn into a maze of tall marshy grass an attempt to lose the larger boat. Zak, still hidden under the tarp, is getting tossed aroun like a rag doll. Tyler weaves through the reeds like an old pro. He stops and throws the engine abruptly in reverse. He ba into a concealed spot in the grass barely wide enough for boat. Quickly, he shuts the engine off. The motor goes silent a the running lights go dark. 16. Tyler looks anxious but remains quiet. Ratboy and Duncan look around, they’ve lost Tyler in the reeds.
6) 1) dialog: He's here somewhere. Zak, seasick from the chaos of the boat ride, starts to grumble. Tyler, startled by the sound, tears the tarp off the stowaway just as Zak starts to dry heave and then vom loudly. Ratboy tilts his head like a hunting dog.
6) 2) dialog: Shhhh... Duncan shuts off his boat, and they sit in silence for a moments... They hear Zak’s vomiting.
6) 6) dialog: You got nowhere to hide now. Tyler is driving fast, water slaps loudly at the hull. Ni is approaching. He looks over his shoulder, Duncan and Ratboy are getting closer. 17. Tyler tears his shirt off and uses it like a rope to affi the steering wheel to the compass so the boat doesn't tur He then grabs a hammer and smashes out the running lights by one.
6) 7) dialog: Fucker. Tyler's lights disappear completely. Duncan slows his boat and stares into the darkness. INT. RETIREMENT HOME - GLEN’S OFFICE - NIGHT GLEN (57) sits across from Eleanor. He is small in statur oily, and balding. He has the look of an unkempt man and clicks his pen angrily over and over while looking at Eleanor’s clipboard. His office is filthy. He reads for a few moments, then flips a page over.
45) 0) text: Duncan and Ratboy stand at the camp fire Zak and Tyler da around the night before. Ratboy is trying on Zak’s makeshift falcon wings. Duncan picks up the empty peanut butter jar and smells it
49) 0) text: Tyler looks at the burning raft in disbelief, powerless. Duncan enters the frame.
49) 1) dialog: We've been looking for you. A gun cocks. 70. Ratboy stands 10 feet to the side of Tyler, holding a pis aimed in his direction. Tyler puts his hands in the air.
49) 2) dialog: Get on your knees. Tyler lowers to his knees. Zak peeks out fearfully from the hunting cabin window, th burning raft illuminates his face. Eleanor is still aslee behind him. Duncan stares at Tyler; and then leans in closer.
49) 3) dialog: That’s twelve thousand dollars of gear that’s burnt up. You know how many hours I’m gonna spend braiding wire. I got mouths to feed. (beat) What’s gonna stop people from thinking they can cut the buoys off our pots now that you've done it? Or burn our gear up? (beat) Them Vietnamese are looking for an excuse to start pulling pots again, and you know how that got handled. Tyler listens.
49) 4) dialog: I’m glad it wasn’t me that had to put that hammer down, but someone did. And it’s better now. Ratboy squirms with pride and discomfort.
49) 5) dialog: Cops aren’t gonna do anything and you know it. A few month's probation and that’s it? Nah, you gotta get what’s coming to you; not revenge for revenge sake, but for the rest of us, for our livelihood. (beat) If no one else is gonna do this then I see it as my job to get done. Duncan nods at Ratboy who nods back. 71.
49) 7) dialog: (to Tyler) I didn’t know you were traveling with friends. (to Zak) You the brains of this outfit? Zak's shotgun wobbles a bit, but he stands firm.
49) 10) dialog: (to Zak) What’s the play then bud? Zak pumps his shotgun. Eleanor takes control and places her hand on Zak’s should
49) 13) dialog: It already is mine. Tyler makes eye contact with Zak.
49) 15) dialog: (to Zak) I guess you’re the boss.
50) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor walk silently down the beach thre abreast still shaken from the standoff with Duncan and Ratboy.
58) 0) text: Ratboy watches Duncan who is lost in thought.
62) 0) text: Duncan and Ratboy speed down the road in their camouflage truck, intent on retribution.
64) 0) text: Tires come to a stop. Ratboy and Duncan get out of their truck. Duncan grabs a tire iron from behind his seat. The two walk through the parking lot past all the empty c Eleanor, still handcuffed inside the Firebird sees them a her eyes widen. She starts to kick the steering wheel violently, nothing will keep her from warning Tyler and Z