0) 0) text: The atmosphere is drab and the smell of old age lingers. ZAK (22), a young man with high-functioning Down syndrome sits in the lunchroom pushing food around on his plate. He shares a glance with ROSEMARY (92), who sits across th table. She looks down at a piece of paper in her hands, f it, places it in her pocket, and nods at Zak. Zak nods back and slowly pushes his pudding across the ta Rosemary eats the pudding, enjoying every bite. Zak looks around and sees senior citizens moving slowly. Wheelchairs and walkers surround him. ELEANOR (26), a kind brunette with understated beauty is dressed in business casual. She helps CARL (82) into his chair. Carl is gray all over and carries a cane; he flirt with the confidence of a man in his prime.
0) 2) dialog: Thanks Carl.
0) 4) dialog: That’s sweet that you gave Rosemary your pudding Zak.
1) 0) text: The door flings open and Zak comes sprinting out! He is followed by Eleanor and two male nurses dressed in white. Zak moves fast but awkwardly across the lawn; he stumbles over his own feet but keeps going. A smile creeps across face. BOOM! He is violently blindsided by another nurse. He nev saw the tackle coming.
3) 10) dialog: You and Rosemary both lost all your privileges for the week.
3) 12) text: This isn't a joke Zak, I'm labeling you a flight risk. Eleanor makes a note on her clipboard.
3) 13) dialog: That’s twice now, two times. And you're getting other people in trouble with you. (beat) It's my job to keep you safe and you’re making my job hard. Eleanor holds up a drawing in front of Zak. It’s an energ and colorful self-portrait that depicts Zak with rippling muscles busting through a brick wall like the Kool-Aid ma On the bottom it says, “pudding?”
3) 14) dialog: Is this what you gave to Rosemary to convince her to fake choking?
3) 16) dialog: It's really creative.
3) 18) dialog: (easing a bit) You're a dreamer Zak, and I admire that, but the reality is--
3) 20) dialog: I wish I had a better option for you Zack. You don’t have a family that can that can provide adequate supervision. (MORE )
3) 26) dialog: (To Zak) Stay on your best behavior for the next week, and you can get your special request privilege back too. Zak sticks his tongue out playfully at Eleanor and she do the same back. INT. WINKIE’S FISH HOUSE - DAY Tyler guts and cleans fish. A knife powerfully enters the fish’s soft fleshy underbel Blood and scales fly. He is working hard while listening to music coming from a crank radio. WINKIE (64), a kind-faced family man enters. He is sturdy from a life spent fishing crab pots and pulling nets, yet soft around the eyes and quick to smile.
4) 27) dialog: Shit. Carl is lying in bed watching; Eleanor turns to address h 14.
4) 28) dialog: Well where did he go? Carl looks guilty and shrugs sheepishly.
4) 29) dialog: You've got answers and you’re going to give them to me one way or another. JANICE, (42) a strong and vibrant African-American nurse middle management pops her head into the room. She wears hair in long braids featuring colorful beads that touch t small of her back.
4) 31) dialog: Thanks Janice.
6) 10) dialog: I’m sorry, but my family history has nothing to do--
6) 14) dialog: Well I have--
6) 16) dialog: We are.
6) 18) dialog: No Glen, you have to report this, he’s missing.
15) 0) text: Eleanor shows people the photo of Zak and asks if anyone seen him. They shake their heads “no.”
16) 0) text: Eleanor knocks on a series of doors searching for Zak.
17) 2) dialog: It’s pretty common for people with disabilities like Zak to be placed in a nursing home, no matter what their age is.
17) 4) dialog: Yeah, I guess it is a little odd isn’t it? (beat) If you see him can you give me a call? Eleanor passes a piece of paper with her phone number thr the crack in the door.
17) 5) dialog: Thank you.
21) 15) dialog: Gentlemen. Eleanor picks up a bag of M&M’s and approaches the counte
21) 18) dialog: Richmond.
21) 20) dialog: 
21) 23) dialog: What kind of look is that?
21) 25) dialog: You're quite nosy.
21) 27) dialog: Interested huh?
21) 29) dialog: I told you, I’m working.
21) 31) dialog: No.
21) 33) dialog: I know why you think it’s funny. 35.
21) 35) dialog: I'm looking for a missing person. Have either of you gentlemen-- (to Tyler) --assuming I can use the word gentleman-- (to both of them) --have you seen him? The cashier takes the photo and looks closely.
21) 37) dialog: Have you seen him? Tyler's eyes dart from the photo to Eleanor and back agai
21) 39) dialog: He ran away from the nursing home where I work at; why, have you seen him?.
21) 41) dialog: No.
21) 43) dialog: Would I be a bounty hunter if I just said there’s no bounty?
21) 45) dialog: No. 36.
21) 47) dialog: Not that’s it’s any of your business, but I care about him and he’s alone-- Eleanor gathers her things to leave.
21) 49) dialog: Maybe what?
21) 52) dialog: No. You cannot have my phone number.
21) 54) dialog: Yeah, just do that.
21) 56) dialog: Eleanor. 37. Tyler takes another swig from the jug and holds it up for Eleanor in a “cheers” motion.
22) 0) text: Tyler struts out, smile still on his face and passes a wh van labeled “Britthaven Retirement”. He waves to Eleanor and she waves back.
34) 0) text: Eleanor knocks on Jasper’s front door. He answers she holds up a photo of Zak.
34) 1) dialog: Excuse me sir, I was wondering if you've seen--
34) 3) dialog: Well, maybe you might have heard... Eleanor is searching for the words.
39) 0) text: A van arrives, tires on gravel; a door opens and closes, followed by the chirping sound of a car lock engaging. Footsteps approach, a purse drops onto the ground beside keys on a “Britthaven Retirement” keychain jingle inside. A hand wipes peanut butter off of Zak's face. Eleanor is crouching over him, she looks relieved.
39) 1) dialog: Oh Zak, thank God you’re okay. Zak begins to stir and sits up, hungover. Tyler stands fifty yards away peeing into the bay.
39) 2) dialog: (to Tyler) Haven't seen him, huh? Tyler smiles wryly and yells in a low, mocking voice.
39) 5) dialog: Is that funny to you? You think this is a game? (to Zak) Get up Zak; we are leaving.
39) 7) dialog: I had to drive for twelve miles down a dirt road to find you, twelve miles and my cell phone battery is dead now! What if there was an emergency? What if he got hurt?
39) 9) dialog: (to Zak) Are you hurt?! 58.
39) 11) dialog: Exactly my point! (to Tyler) You've got a boy with Down syndrome out here in the middle of nowhere, doing God knows what!
39) 13) dialog: He needs someone to take care of him! Who are you anyway!?
39) 15) dialog: That’s cute. So you two are in some sort of primitive gang?! This isn’t Lord of The Flies! There are rules and regulations and red tape and paperwork--
39) 17) dialog: Living?! You call this living!? You two look like cave men! Tyler and Zak look at each other and take in their bodies unkempt, stinky, dirty, half naked, covered in peanut but and soot. They both grin.
39) 20) dialog: Get up, Zak! Zak starts to stand up. 59.
39) 23) dialog: I should have you arrested for kidnapping!
39) 25) dialog: This isn’t some--
39) 27) dialog: I’m not going to sell him to you!
39) 29) dialog: I’m taking Zak with me.
39) 31) dialog: How do you think I found you?
39) 35) dialog: No. I have to go back to work. I’ve got my hours to account for, I can’t just get on your little raft and disappear.
39) 39) dialog: That's it. That’s all you get. The wrestling school and that’s the end for you.
39) 41) dialog: After that I take him back with me and this becomes a memory.
39) 43) dialog: (hesitant) OK. (beat) He goes home with me in the end. They shake hands.
40) 0) text: Eleanor sits on the raft, arms crossed, looking unhappy. quiet and tense and the sheet they use for a sail is not catching any wind. Zak stands up and starts blowing into the sail.
40) 1) dialog: How far is it on the raft?
40) 3) dialog: Is that one day?
40) 5) dialog: Zak, why don’t you sit down, you'll get dizzy breathing that hard, and slip and hurt yourself. Tyler shakes his head, frustrated by Eleanor. Zak sits.
40) 6) dialog: Are you hungry, Zak? Did you have breakfast?
40) 8) dialog: OK, well, maybe you should just have a bite of something--
40) 10) dialog: I'm sorry? Tyler thinks.
40) 14) dialog: 
40) 19) dialog: I have never used that word in my life.
41) 1) dialog: The nerve you must have to even think--
41) 3) dialog: Are you kidding me?
41) 9) dialog: Not long enough. Do it again,
41) 12) dialog: Do you even know what I do? I’ve spent the last two years of my life volunteering to hold widows’ hands as they slip from this world to the next. I’m the one they look at when they take their last breath--
42) 0) text: Eleanor speaks with more conviction, she and Tyler are po opposites but share a common goal, Zak’s best interests.
42) 1) dialog: Don’t pretend because you took Zak on a camping trip for a night or two that you know anything about my life. I didn't ask for Zak to be placed in a retirement community. I didn’t choose that for him. But that’s what happened, and now I’m doing what needs to be done. Tyler's frustration turns to admiration for Eleanor’s passion. He is beginning to understand her point of view. Zak explodes out of the water holding large fish by the gills.
43) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak all sit in a circle around the fi roasting on a ramshackle spit over a small burn barrel.
43) 14) dialog: I wouldn't say it’s gourmet... Tyler and Zak look at her, slightly offended. 66.
43) 15) dialog: But you boys did great. Eleanor smiles at Tyler, acknowledging his efforts. Zak does his secret handshake with Tyler as Eleanor watch
43) 16) dialog: What is that?
43) 22) dialog: (under her breath) Oh God. Tyler winks at Eleanor, and gives a warm smile.
43) 29) dialog: OK! OK! I’m going. Stop rushing me.
43) 31) dialog: I’m going! Eleanor takes a deep breath, lets go and swings. She releases the rope and hoots joyfully as she falls int the water. Tyler and Zak match her energy, throwing their arms in th air to celebrate.
44) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak sail their raft through open wate Light from the late afternoon sun reflects off the surfac
46) 0) text: Eleanor and Zak slow dance on the raft as it floats slowl down a glassy creek lined with 1,000 year old cedars. The fire in the small burn barrel beside them casts flickering light on the knotted stumps and twisted branch of the trees that surround them. Tyler watches happily, using a 12 foot push-pole to guide them forward through the water. His movements are fluid a smooth, and the raft glides along almost effortlessly. The energy between the three of them has fully shifted, Eleanor is now a part of the team. For the first time she doing what she thinks is right and not what she’s been to to do. Eleanor places Zak’s hand on her hip as they move.
46) 1) dialog: Good. That’s it. (beat) How does your ankle feel?
46) 4) dialog: Look into my eyes.
46) 6) dialog: No you don’t. You can do it. Zak and Eleanor look into each others eyes as she counts.
46) 7) dialog: One. Two. Three. Good Zak, good. Zak smiles wide.
46) 9) dialog: Yes it is.
48) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak sleep peacefully on the dusty flo of a room filled with duck calls and decoys. Tyler's sleeping face is abruptly illuminated by a harsh flickering light. The raft is on fire! Tyler wakes up and runs toward the shore.
49) 11) dialog: You don’t want to spend the rest of your life in a jail cell. 72.
50) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor walk silently down the beach thre abreast still shaken from the standoff with Duncan and Ratboy.
51) 1) dialog: (to Tyler) Is that why you’re out here? Were you running from them? Tyler nods.
51) 2) dialog: Do you think they’1l come back for you? Tyler thinks as he activates the motor. The wheel starts rotating.
51) 5) dialog: When I was a kid, my mom used to let me keep all of her change. She got me a piggy bank that looked like a soccer ball. I kept a record of how much I had in there. I had this little notebook in my bedside drawer so I could record it, with the date next to it and everything.
51) 7) dialog: No idea, nothing, just saving. I just did it to make her happy.
51) 9) dialog: Almost four hundred dollars.
51) 11) dialog: Yeah...our house burned down.
51) 13) dialog: Yeah. Everything was fine; we got the dogs out, thank God. But we lost all our family photos and keepsakes.
51) 15) dialog: Nope.
51) 17) dialog: Yeah. (beat) I’m not used to this, just living in this moment right now. Not planning, not worried about the past or the future. Just right now. It feels really nice. The horizon turns from pale pink to a bright orange.
52) 0) text: Eleanor, sitting in a booth by the window, plugs her cell phone into a wall charger. 75. The phone turns on.
52) 2) dialog: Yes Glen, I’ve got him with me right now. She looks through the glass at Zak and Tyler, who practic Tai Chi in the parking lot.
52) 3) dialog: No, he’s OK. Some sunburn and a couple scrapes but nothing’s broken. She watches Tyler as he and Zak do their secret handshake
52) 4) dialog: No, he was completely alone. (beat) No don’t send anyone, I can handle it. (beat) I’m thinking tomorrow some time later in the day, I’ve got to call a locksmith, and I’ve got some loose ends to tie up, so can you transfer me to Janice, we need to have clean sheets put on Zak’s bed. (beat) What? No. Yeah I labeled hima flight risk but-- (beat) Glen, I can handle him from here on, I just-- (beat) Cherry Hill is a mental health facility with drug addicts and prostitutes, you can’t just put Zak in a place like that and expect-- (beat) No, you're right, that’s not my job. I just think Zak would be better suited-- (under her breath) Why are you doing this? (beat) Nothing...OK, schedule his processing for later tomorrow then. Eleanor hangs the phone up and gently hits her head again the glass window. 76. A WAITRESS (62), approaches the table.
52) 6) dialog: Have you heard of the Salt Water Redneck?
52) 8) dialog: I need his address. EXT. PARKING LOT.
52) 11) dialog: Maybe this is the wrong house. Tyler looks at a piece of paper with the address on it in Eleanor’s handwriting.
53) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor all walk in silence.
53) 5) dialog: Zak, It’s over now, you’re coming back with me.
53) 7) dialog: We have lives we have to get back to.
53) 10) dialog: It’s not simple. Zak lets this sink in.
53) 11) dialog: Zak, I can’t--
53) 22) dialog: Where are you going?
53) 24) dialog: After today, after all this, where are you headed? Tyler smiles at the thought of the future prospect.
53) 32) dialog: Yeah, that seems a bit fast--
54) 0) text: Salt Water drives; Zak rides shotgun. Eleanor and Tyler a squeezed into the back with Sam uncomfortably wedged betw them. Salt Water wears normal clothing, his hair blows in wind; Zak doesn’t look nearly as confident. Pink fuzzy handcuffs dangle from the rear view mirror. Everything is quiet. 85. Salt Water stiffens his grip on the steering wheel and abruptly starts screaming at the top of his lungs. Zak is taken by surprise. Salt Water starts slapping Zak’s chest with the back of h hand like a football coach might do to hype up his star quarterback. Eleanor and Tyler lean forward and share confused glances around Sam's gigantic body. Finally, Zak joins in with the screaming. Tyler is next to follow suit, he reaches across Sam, and grabs Eleanor’s hand, and she joins in as well. All except Sam ride in the Firebird screaming at the top their lungs like wild animals. Sam sits stoic and silent, unaffected by the energy of the others.
55) 3) dialog: No.
55) 5) dialog: No. No, this is different Tyler--
55) 7) dialog: Not this much.
55) 9) dialog: What are you doing? With the fuzzy pink handcuffs that were dangling from the mirror, Tyler uses slight of hand to lock Eleanor to the Firebird’s steering wheel. As he exits, he looks back and smiles.
56) 1) text: You have to be aggressive, steer the match where you want it to go. Zak nods his head, not confident. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) You can talk to Sam, but just keep it small and quiet. Don’t let the audience in too much. Just remember to roll with it, take the punches and then come back harder. As far as your smack talk goes, the moment you get in the ring say the meanest most evil thing you can think of to get in his head and rile the audience up good. (beat) You gotta say the most MANIACAL thing you can possibly think of. Zak looks scared. Tyler approaches, having left Eleanor in the car. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) If you start to bleed use it to your advantage, play it up. Maybe wipe it all over your face. (beat) OK, I’ll be in the stands watching. Salt Water pats Zak on the shoulder and walks away. As he is leaving, he slaps Tyler on the chest once and excitedly screams in his face. Tyler salutes. Zak sits, still shaken by Salt Water’s words.
64) 0) text: Tires come to a stop. Ratboy and Duncan get out of their truck. Duncan grabs a tire iron from behind his seat. The two walk through the parking lot past all the empty c Eleanor, still handcuffed inside the Firebird sees them a her eyes widen. She starts to kick the steering wheel violently, nothing will keep her from warning Tyler and Z
65) 11) dialog: Zak, wake up, look. Zak perks up and looks forward out the window. He squeezes his hands with excitement. The car passes a “Welcome to Florida” sign.