55) 0) text: Samson(Sam’s wrestling alter ego) stands on top of an eig foot ladder in the center of the wrestling ring. He is covered in blood holding a bat wrapped with barb wire. A small crowd of people drink beer and hoot for the show. The words “JACOB'S INFERNO” sit above a barn door that is painted entirely in red, orange, and yellow flames. A broken-down school bus separates the tattered bleachers from the parking lot. Samson howls into the air and does a front flip landing e feet below onto a table where his opponent lies. The table splits in half. Both men hit the ground with a thud. Ribs crack and Zak’s eyes widen. Samson digs his fingers into the eyes of his opponent, wh writhes in pain dramatically. Samson is circling the ring holding a gold belt above his head. 86. In the crowd, Craig (the unforgettably obese character fr the fish docks), laughs obnoxiously at the violence. Tyler stiffens at the unmistakable sound of Craig’s laugh the two lock eyes. Zak looks nervous as he watches Samson; he is not prepare for this. Salt Water stands on the other side of the ring being gre warmly by JACOB(48), the events emcee and referee who hol bullhorn. Jacob is a gruff showman who is missing a tooth started The Inferno just for the love of wrestling. Salt Water points toward Zak, and Jacob looks across the chaos to size him up. Jacob shakes his head no. Zak swallows nervously. Salt Water looks like he is pleading his case. Finally, J nods, then shakes hands with Salt Water. Salt Water hands him a small piece of paper. Craig pushes through the crowd and opens a phone as he ex
55) 1) dialog: (into the bullhorn) We are going to have a special exhibition here for you shortly folks. The Tidewater’s very own Salt Water Redneck has brought with him a wrestling protégé. Salt Water comes back over to where Zak, Eleanor, and Tyl are standing.
59) 0) text: Jacob stands in the middle of the ring on top of a chair speaking into his bullhorn. He is being circled by Samson, sweaty, still holding the barbed wire bat and wearing the gold belt. Zak stands in the darkness, just beyond the stage.
59) 1) dialog: We were going to pack it up and head home having already crowned a champion for today. The crowd cheers fueling Samson’s rage.
59) 2) dialog: But then, at the very last second, an old friend showed up. Salt Water stands up among the crowd and raises his arms. crowd claps.
59) 3) dialog: The Salt Water Redneck has with him today a protégé. Someone new to the world of backyard brawling. Someone who was groomed in a different kind of wrestling mentality. INT. SALT WATER REDNECK’S FIREBIRD - DAY Eleanor rifles through the glove box. 91.
59) 4) dialog: Someone who maybe isn’t cut out for this kind of thing!? Not cut out for this kind of grit! Eleanor finds an old screw driver and tries to jam it int the keyhole of the handcuffs. The crowd boos, and Eleanor moves with more urgency.
60) 1) dialog: A different kind of hero perhaps? I asked Samson, I asked him if he would take this last minute fight and he didn’t want to. He said it wasn’t worth his time. Samson hits his chest hard like a wild animal.
60) 2) dialog: But then I told Samson that not only did this newcomer call hima coward...but he called him weak, and a liar! The crowd boos. Zak looks on from the darkness.
60) 5) dialog: He said that Samson is a liar and doesn’t deserve that belt because he’s not the best. He said that Samson deserves nothing but to lick the dirt off his boots! The crowd boos.
60) 6) dialog: Lets hear it for... He takes out the scrap piece of paper Salt Water gave him earlier and reads it aloud. 92.
60) 7) dialog: 