4) 19) dialog: You cain’t fish there no more!
4) 25) dialog: (almost whispering) You cain’t fish, sure as shit cain’t fight, whatcha still doing in Colington? Ratboy hawks up a loogy and spits it on Tyler's face.
4) 26) dialog: (as he walks away) That's right, someone gotta clean all those crabs we gonna be bringing in. Zak climbs down into Tyler’s boat and pulls a tarp over h head to hide. INT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY Eleanor, in a state of complete shock, looks at the compromised bars on Zak’s window. She breathes deep.
5) 0) text: Tyler sits in silence leaned against a wooden piling, dir and blood still on his face. From the pocket of his shorts he pulls out an old plastic filled with dirty cigarette butts and rolling papers. After placing a rolling paper on his lap he harvests toba from five cigarette butts; hand rolls, licks, and lights a match. As he smokes Tyler eyes Duncan and Ratboy’s crab pots wit their red buoys. He goes to his boat and fumbles around looking for someth He almost pulls the tarp off Zak, but at the last second, grabs a large red canister of gasoline. Tyler pours the gas all over Duncan & Ratboy’s buoys. He contemplates for a moment, then tosses his cigarette d immediately setting the gasoline soaked pile ablaze. His eyes widen as the fire starts to take over more than the buoys. Every crab pot Duncan owns is now on fire. 15. Tyler, nervous, gets in his boat, puts the key in the ignition and turns it. Nothing.
6) 0) text: INTERCUT BETWEEN DUNCAN’S BOAT & TYLER’S BOAT. Tyler is far out in front, but Duncan and Ratboy are gain ground. Duncan and Ratboy’s boat has two 200 horsepower motors, a they run clean and fast. Tyler takes a hard turn into a maze of tall marshy grass an attempt to lose the larger boat. Zak, still hidden under the tarp, is getting tossed aroun like a rag doll. Tyler weaves through the reeds like an old pro. He stops and throws the engine abruptly in reverse. He ba into a concealed spot in the grass barely wide enough for boat. Quickly, he shuts the engine off. The motor goes silent a the running lights go dark. 16. Tyler looks anxious but remains quiet. Ratboy and Duncan look around, they’ve lost Tyler in the reeds.
6) 3) dialog: There! Tyler, furious and scared, covers Zak's mouth but the retching isn’t finished. Vomit oozes above and below Tyle hand and between the fingers pressed hard against Zak's f
17) 7) dialog: Which way did he go?
45) 0) text: Duncan and Ratboy stand at the camp fire Zak and Tyler da around the night before. Ratboy is trying on Zak’s makeshift falcon wings. Duncan picks up the empty peanut butter jar and smells it
49) 8) dialog: (to Zak) You can pull that trigger, but can you aim that thing? Duncan starts to make a move toward Zak. Zak widens his stance.
50) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor walk silently down the beach thre abreast still shaken from the standoff with Duncan and Ratboy.
58) 0) text: Ratboy watches Duncan who is lost in thought.
58) 1) dialog: Whatcha gonna do? Duncan takes off his hat and tosses it aside with purpose
62) 0) text: Duncan and Ratboy speed down the road in their camouflage truck, intent on retribution.
64) 0) text: Tires come to a stop. Ratboy and Duncan get out of their truck. Duncan grabs a tire iron from behind his seat. The two walk through the parking lot past all the empty c Eleanor, still handcuffed inside the Firebird sees them a her eyes widen. She starts to kick the steering wheel violently, nothing will keep her from warning Tyler and Z