3) 1) text: Tyler slows his boat upon seeing a North Carolina Fisheri Warden who has stopped to check another fisherman's catch Tyler then turns his boat and speeds away in the opposite direction. EXT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY The two male nurses screw small gauge aluminum bars onto Zak's window then shake them to make sure they are attach securely. INT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY Zak, still with remnants of dirt on his face, inspects an VHS tape carefully. He lifts the cover flap, and blows on magnetic strip. Zak places the tape into the player; it is labeled: “THE WATER REDNECK.” Sitting at attention on the edge of his bed, Zak watches footage of his favorite wrestler. THE SALT WATER REDNECK(34) wears blue camouflage briefs a matching face paint. His hair is long, luscious, blonde, held back by a rolled bandana that matches his briefs. Carl sits close by, with an afghan blanket draped over hi
3) 8) dialog: (Directly to camera) Come to my wrestling school and you can learn the skills that it takes to be like The Salt Water Redneck!
9) 10) dialog: If you come to my wrestling school in Ayden North Carolina I will teach you the skills... Eleanor writes “Ayden” with permanent marker on the palm her hand. Her face shows worry about where Zak might be, how she ca find him, and if he’s safe. 23.
52) 13) dialog: Who are you?
52) 15) dialog: What is this?
52) 17) dialog: Who's askin?
52) 19) dialog: Yeah. Tyler swallows and holds back tears.
52) 21) dialog: How ya doing? The Salt Water Redneck awkwardly lifts his hand and waves Zak waves back.
52) 24) dialog: I closed that about ten years ago.
52) 26) dialog: Clint. They shake hands.
52) 28) dialog: So... He used to be a fan?
52) 32) dialog: That'd be alright.
52) 36) dialog: Good, nice to meet you.
53) 14) dialog: I heard that there was a Salt Water Redneck fan here that came to enroll in the wrestling school. Zak smiles from ear to ear.
53) 16) dialog: My name is Clint, but my friends call me The Salt Water Redneck. (beat) I would like it if you called me The Salt Water Redneck.
53) 21) dialog: Oh. (beat) We made that move up just for the videos. It was smoke and mirrors, you know, it was just a camera on my face so it looked like I was holding someone over my head. It’s not possible. See, try to pick me up. Zak tries to pick up Salt Water, but his weight is too mu He stops and sighs. Salt Water notices Zak getting upset. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) My manager thought a gimmick might sell more mercy. The “Atomic Throw” was just a publicity stunt. Zak looks disappointed. 83. Salt Water takes a deep breath. Back to reality. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) Now grab the back of my neck like this and pull me toward you. Tyler and Eleanor watch Zak and Salt Water from an old co that looks as if it has been sitting outside for years.
53) 26) dialog: It takes years to learn certain things, like how to take a fall. You get better with time. If you just apply that stuff in a match, change it up here and there, try not to do the same move twice or whatever, you’re pretty good to go.
53) 28) dialog: Alright, let's try it for real. Sam takes notice of what Salt Water is saying.
53) 30) dialog: Yeah, let’s get you in a ring. Not just practicing moves here with me. I'm talking about a backyard brawl, a real match with real moves.
53) 35) dialog: Sink or swim as far as I see it. Let’s do it tomorrow in Jacob's backyard. (to Sam) You're on the bill, right?
53) 37) dialog: Great, you two can fight.
55) 2) dialog: Alright! We’re good to go! Had to do a little convincing but I greased the wheels. You’ll fight Sam after this. Sam hits his opponent in the face with a metal chair. Teeth fly. The small crowd cheers wildly. Zak is shaken. Eleanor takes it all in. 87. INT. SALT WATER REDNECK’S FIREBIRD - DAY In the parking lot, Tyler and Eleanor speak in private in of Salt Water’s Firebird. The sounds of Samson’s wild how grunts, and yells punctuate their conversation.
56) 1) text: You have to be aggressive, steer the match where you want it to go. Zak nods his head, not confident. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) You can talk to Sam, but just keep it small and quiet. Don’t let the audience in too much. Just remember to roll with it, take the punches and then come back harder. As far as your smack talk goes, the moment you get in the ring say the meanest most evil thing you can think of to get in his head and rile the audience up good. (beat) You gotta say the most MANIACAL thing you can possibly think of. Zak looks scared. Tyler approaches, having left Eleanor in the car. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) If you start to bleed use it to your advantage, play it up. Maybe wipe it all over your face. (beat) OK, I’ll be in the stands watching. Salt Water pats Zak on the shoulder and walks away. As he is leaving, he slaps Tyler on the chest once and excitedly screams in his face. Tyler salutes. Zak sits, still shaken by Salt Water’s words.
65) 6) dialog: (to himself) Say something. Duncan and Ratboy make their way through the crowd. Dunca holds the tire iron tight in his right hand. Zak slowly gets to his feet. He looks at Samson and starts breathing heavily. Zak raises one hand and points his index finger at Samson He means business. The crowd sits silently on the edge of their seats. Tyler watches Zak intently.