53) 31) dialog: I don’t know if he’s ready--
53) 36) dialog: (begrudgingly) Yeah.
54) 0) text: Salt Water drives; Zak rides shotgun. Eleanor and Tyler a squeezed into the back with Sam uncomfortably wedged betw them. Salt Water wears normal clothing, his hair blows in wind; Zak doesn’t look nearly as confident. Pink fuzzy handcuffs dangle from the rear view mirror. Everything is quiet. 85. Salt Water stiffens his grip on the steering wheel and abruptly starts screaming at the top of his lungs. Zak is taken by surprise. Salt Water starts slapping Zak’s chest with the back of h hand like a football coach might do to hype up his star quarterback. Eleanor and Tyler lean forward and share confused glances around Sam's gigantic body. Finally, Zak joins in with the screaming. Tyler is next to follow suit, he reaches across Sam, and grabs Eleanor’s hand, and she joins in as well. All except Sam ride in the Firebird screaming at the top their lungs like wild animals. Sam sits stoic and silent, unaffected by the energy of the others.
55) 0) text: Samson(Sam’s wrestling alter ego) stands on top of an eig foot ladder in the center of the wrestling ring. He is covered in blood holding a bat wrapped with barb wire. A small crowd of people drink beer and hoot for the show. The words “JACOB'S INFERNO” sit above a barn door that is painted entirely in red, orange, and yellow flames. A broken-down school bus separates the tattered bleachers from the parking lot. Samson howls into the air and does a front flip landing e feet below onto a table where his opponent lies. The table splits in half. Both men hit the ground with a thud. Ribs crack and Zak’s eyes widen. Samson digs his fingers into the eyes of his opponent, wh writhes in pain dramatically. Samson is circling the ring holding a gold belt above his head. 86. In the crowd, Craig (the unforgettably obese character fr the fish docks), laughs obnoxiously at the violence. Tyler stiffens at the unmistakable sound of Craig’s laugh the two lock eyes. Zak looks nervous as he watches Samson; he is not prepare for this. Salt Water stands on the other side of the ring being gre warmly by JACOB(48), the events emcee and referee who hol bullhorn. Jacob is a gruff showman who is missing a tooth started The Inferno just for the love of wrestling. Salt Water points toward Zak, and Jacob looks across the chaos to size him up. Jacob shakes his head no. Zak swallows nervously. Salt Water looks like he is pleading his case. Finally, J nods, then shakes hands with Salt Water. Salt Water hands him a small piece of paper. Craig pushes through the crowd and opens a phone as he ex
56) 1) text: You have to be aggressive, steer the match where you want it to go. Zak nods his head, not confident. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) You can talk to Sam, but just keep it small and quiet. Don’t let the audience in too much. Just remember to roll with it, take the punches and then come back harder. As far as your smack talk goes, the moment you get in the ring say the meanest most evil thing you can think of to get in his head and rile the audience up good. (beat) You gotta say the most MANIACAL thing you can possibly think of. Zak looks scared. Tyler approaches, having left Eleanor in the car. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) If you start to bleed use it to your advantage, play it up. Maybe wipe it all over your face. (beat) OK, I’ll be in the stands watching. Salt Water pats Zak on the shoulder and walks away. As he is leaving, he slaps Tyler on the chest once and excitedly screams in his face. Tyler salutes. Zak sits, still shaken by Salt Water’s words.
59) 0) text: Jacob stands in the middle of the ring on top of a chair speaking into his bullhorn. He is being circled by Samson, sweaty, still holding the barbed wire bat and wearing the gold belt. Zak stands in the darkness, just beyond the stage.
61) 0) text: Zak's body flies through the air. He hits the mat hard. The crowd winces in pain. Samson roars. Zak tries to get up. Samson grabs Zak’s leg just as he is about to stand, flip him over, then leg drops on top of Zak, making the ring s violently. Tyler is starting to show worry on his face.
61) 2) dialog: I’ve been doing this twenty five years. I’ve made this my life. I love this, you can’t just step in the ring and expect me to lay down for you. Sam shoves Zak hard, then pulls him in again, face to fac
61) 3) dialog: I don’t care who you are, or what Clint wants. I’m not running a Make-A-Wish Foundation. Sam slides his arm under Zak’s torso and body slams him h into the mat.
63) 0) text: Samson throws Zak toward the ropes, and then plants himse in the center of the ring. Zak bounces off the ropes and is slingshotted back toward Samson. Samson dodges Zak’s attempt at a clothesline and laughs.
63) 6) text: Zak winds up and slaps him as hard as possible. Samson isn't fazed, he grabs a florescent light bulb from sidelines and smashes himself in the head with it. Blood pours from cuts on his forehead as he laughs like a maniac and a true villain.
65) 0) text: Samson does a flying kick and sends Zak across the ring. Tyler looks on, saddened by what’s happening.