2) 0) text: TYLER (33), an adult Huckleberry Finn, wears a rubber apr made for fishing, a dirty white T-shirt, and a tattered r hat. He drives a crab boat through the Colington Harbor. He passes large commercial fishing boats, rusty cranes, a weathered fish packing houses.
3) 0) text: Tyler pulls up crab traps with Carolina blue buoys and sh his catch into large wooden boxes. Taped above his steering column is a sun-bleached photo o him and his big brother, MARK (38), standing next to an o pickup truck. Mark has his arm over Tyler’s shoulder. Tyler eyes a red buoy bobbing almost directly on top his one and checks the area to see if anyone is watching. With the coast clear he reaches down, flicks open a buck knife and cuts the line to the red one.
3) 1) text: Tyler slows his boat upon seeing a North Carolina Fisheri Warden who has stopped to check another fisherman's catch Tyler then turns his boat and speeds away in the opposite direction. EXT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY The two male nurses screw small gauge aluminum bars onto Zak's window then shake them to make sure they are attach securely. INT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY Zak, still with remnants of dirt on his face, inspects an VHS tape carefully. He lifts the cover flap, and blows on magnetic strip. Zak places the tape into the player; it is labeled: “THE WATER REDNECK.” Sitting at attention on the edge of his bed, Zak watches footage of his favorite wrestler. THE SALT WATER REDNECK(34) wears blue camouflage briefs a matching face paint. His hair is long, luscious, blonde, held back by a rolled bandana that matches his briefs. Carl sits close by, with an afghan blanket draped over hi
3) 28) text: Tyler! Tyler turns down the music on the crank radio.
3) 30) dialog: I could speculate a guess.
3) 32) dialog: (to himself) Maybe they messed with me. Tyler is focused on the task at hand. His knife removes t head and tail of the fish with two confident chops. Winkie looks on, saddened by Tyler’s demeanor.
3) 34) dialog: You said I could clean all the fish you were gonna send to market?
3) 36) dialog: I need a job Winkie, I barely cleaned one bucket of drum. You gotta have some snapper or sheep’s head for me?
3) 38) dialog: Thanks, Wink.
3) 40) dialog: What am I supposed to do? I would have bought it if--
4) 0) text: Begin flashback music. Tyler and his big brother MARK scrub barnacles off the bo of their boat raised up in dry dock. Mark is fit and tan and his clothes are faded by years of exposure to sun and salt water. He is clearly the alpha o the two and smiles as he playfully sprays Tyler with a ho Conversation is had but words can not be heard. Mark cracks a beer, goes to his pickup truck and pulls ou wrapped gift that is shaped like a baseball bat. Mark hands the present to Tyler. Tyler looks at Mark with admiration and takes it. Tyler unwraps an older, used, but beautiful, shotgun. Mark ruffles Tyler’s hair as he looks the gun over. 9. Mark runs his fingers over the wood that is branded “Fami First.” Tyler smiles and thanks his brother. They hug with a lovi masculine embrace. End flashback music.
4) 16) dialog: We've been laying our pots on the Powell’s Point for years, Duncan.
5) 0) text: Tyler sits in silence leaned against a wooden piling, dir and blood still on his face. From the pocket of his shorts he pulls out an old plastic filled with dirty cigarette butts and rolling papers. After placing a rolling paper on his lap he harvests toba from five cigarette butts; hand rolls, licks, and lights a match. As he smokes Tyler eyes Duncan and Ratboy’s crab pots wit their red buoys. He goes to his boat and fumbles around looking for someth He almost pulls the tarp off Zak, but at the last second, grabs a large red canister of gasoline. Tyler pours the gas all over Duncan & Ratboy’s buoys. He contemplates for a moment, then tosses his cigarette d immediately setting the gasoline soaked pile ablaze. His eyes widen as the fire starts to take over more than the buoys. Every crab pot Duncan owns is now on fire. 15. Tyler, nervous, gets in his boat, puts the key in the ignition and turns it. Nothing.
5) 1) dialog: Shit. Tyler turns the key again, nothing. Men yell in the distance as the light from the fire flick and highlights the concern on Tyler’s face. Tyler turns the key again and the engine, a single 90 hor power Yamaha, spins but doesn’t start. Duncan and Ratboy approach fast. Tyler turns the engine again, it chokes and sputters. Once more he turns the key and it starts reluctantly. The running lights on the boat all come to life. Tyler punches hard on the throttle and spins the wheel ju as Ratboy and Duncan are getting out of their pickup. Duncan and Ratboy run toward their boat to chase.
6) 0) text: INTERCUT BETWEEN DUNCAN’S BOAT & TYLER’S BOAT. Tyler is far out in front, but Duncan and Ratboy are gain ground. Duncan and Ratboy’s boat has two 200 horsepower motors, a they run clean and fast. Tyler takes a hard turn into a maze of tall marshy grass an attempt to lose the larger boat. Zak, still hidden under the tarp, is getting tossed aroun like a rag doll. Tyler weaves through the reeds like an old pro. He stops and throws the engine abruptly in reverse. He ba into a concealed spot in the grass barely wide enough for boat. Quickly, he shuts the engine off. The motor goes silent a the running lights go dark. 16. Tyler looks anxious but remains quiet. Ratboy and Duncan look around, they’ve lost Tyler in the reeds.
6) 4) dialog: Who are you?! Zak pulls Tyler’s hand down from his mouth to speak.
7) 0) text: Tyler's boat is beached a few feet away from where he sit the sand with Zak, the two silently study each other. Zak is still in his tighty-whities and looks filthy. Tyler is still covered in dirt and blood.
7) 1) dialog: Why were you on my boat? Zak does not answer. Tyler continues to stare.
7) 2) dialog: Cat got your tongue? Zak still does not answer.
7) 3) dialog: You running from something? Zak stirs a little at this comment. 19.
7) 4) dialog: You got something to hide? Zak looks uncomfortable.
7) 5) dialog: That’s it, isn't it? (beat) Well, that’s your business. EXT. TYLER’S BOAT BEACHED ON THE SAND ISLAND - DAY Tyler turns the engine, it screeches and whines, metal bi metal. Smoke plumes from the vents. The pistons have seiz Tyler, a true water cowboy, isn’t fazed. On to the next. He moves fast and starts throwing things from the boat on the beach. A backpack, some fishing line, duct tape, an o pair of white rubber fishing boots, his crank radio, an e pair of clothes, some prepackaged food you might find at gas station, a long cord of rope, and a canteen. These things land close to Zak, almost hitting him. Tyler pauses a moment to look at the photo of Mark and carefully puts it in his pocket. He grabs a 12 gauge shot and a box of shells. Zak looks worried. Tyler loads the gun and unleashes three blasts into the floorboards of the boat. Zak flinches and covers his ears. The boat begins to sink. Tyler begins to pack up his gear.
7) 6) dialog: You got thirty minutes till the tide comes up and this whole place is under water. He walks past Zack along the sand bar. Zak follows, fumbling to catch up, tripping over his feet
7) 8) dialog: Covering my tracks.
8) 0) text: Tyler reaches the shallows and starts to wade through the knee-high water. Zak stops timidly at the water’s edge an looks out at Tyler who is still moving.
8) 4) dialog: You following me? Zak shrugs and sighs, then nods his head yeah.
8) 5) dialog: Do you know where Manteo is? Zak shakes his head no. 21.
8) 6) dialog: Do you have any clean water? Zak shakes his head no.
8) 7) dialog: Can you fend for yourself at all? Zak looks ashamed. Tyler hands Zak a canteen of water, Zak chugs it, then ha it back. Tyler starts to walk away and Zak follows.
8) 8) dialog: When I can leave you, I will.
9) 0) text: Tyler walks in front of Zak, who hangs on his heels like puppy -
9) 5) dialog: You're walking real close to me. Zak takes two small steps backwards. He looks at Tyler as to say “OK, is this enough?” The two start walking again. It is quiet for just a moment.
9) 7) dialog: --Does your family know where you are?
9) 9) dialog: (mouth full) Not worried about a sunburn, huh? INT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DUSK Eleanor watches Zak’s wrestling VHS intently, putting together clues and connecting the dots. The “ATOMIC THROW” title card flashes.
10) 1) dialog: End of the road. Zak watches another boy do a gainer off the top.
10) 2) dialog: You know my name?
10) 4) dialog: Good. You never saw me, OK?
10) 8) dialog: Why would I need you to come with me?
10) 10) dialog: (over his shoulder) Don’t go getting yourself killed. A brief but warm moment is shared here. Zak waves as Tyle walks away. Zak walks toward the group of boys on the dock.
11) 0) text: Tyler walks alone beside a cornfield and picks a cigarett butt off the ground. 24. He hears the sound of an engine approaching and puts his thumb out. A truck pulls over just in front of him and Tyler picks u his pace to get in.
12) 0) text: Tyler rides along side of a TRUCKER (54) in an older mode Chevy pickup truck. There is a happy, beat-up, mangy, one eyed dog sitting in between them. The two men sit in silence for a while. The mangy dog pants comically close to Tyler's face.
12) 1) dialog: He a good dog?
12) 3) dialog: What’s her name?
12) 5) dialog: Seems like a good dog.
12) 7) dialog: I didn’t hear much about it. (beat) What are people saying?
12) 9) dialog: (beat) Nah, I left something back there. Tyler watches the truck drive away. He then turns and duc into the cornfield.
13) 0) text: Tyler walks toward the docks where the boys were playing earlier; he hears taunting. Zak has climbed up to the tallest platform and the older are causing a scene. A FAT BULLY (12) stands next to Zak on the platform fifty feet above the water.
13) 2) dialog: (yelling up the bully) Hey, he can’t swim.
13) 4) dialog: I said he can’t swim.
13) 7) dialog: (to himself) Come on... Tyler starts taking his shirt off.
13) 8) dialog: What’s that, 20 feet deep??
13) 10) dialog: How strong’s that current? 27.
14) 0) text: Zak coughs up water as Tyler sits next to him soaking wet
14) 1) dialog: So there’s a wrestling school in Ayden?
14) 3) dialog: And they teach you full-on, legit, WWF moves?
14) 5) dialog: We’re in Manteo, right here. (beat) And this is Ayden, 70 miles from here. That’s where the wrestling school is you're talking about. See that, it’s on my way. The map shows Ayden at the end of a long narrow barrier island with only one road running its entire length. (beat) And then this is Florida. (beat) That’s where I’m going, Ayden is on my way. 28. Tyler puts the map in his bag.
14) 6) dialog: You bullshitting me about this wrestling school? You swear to god? Zak holds up his right hand as if he is testifying in cou
14) 8) dialog: Alright, I’1l drop you there then. I ain’t doing no charity shit, it’s just on my way. Tyler pulls an old greasy black Grave Digger monster truc shirt from his backpack and throws Zak. Zak stands and puts it on.
14) 10) dialog: Tyler.
18) 0) text: Tyler and Zak walk hidden from the road through cornfield Tyler leads. Zak gets hit in the face by leaves as they move.
18) 4) dialog: When I was a kid, my brother and I were camping off of Caffey’s inlet, and there was this big ol’ hornet’s nest right by the water. I just strolled over to it and boom, hit it with a stick like a baseball bat, home run. I got stung bad and my eyes swole shut. Mark was pissed. He said, “Keep stirring up shit, get yourself killed.” (beat) A little older. Little wiser. Not much. I’m still whacking hornet’s nests. (beat) You ever kick a hornet’s nest?
18) 6) dialog: You hit a hornet’s nest last night?
18) 8) dialog: Well, then you understand why I can’t walk on that road right now. Stop with this “Tyler” shit, we're gonna be quiet the rest of the way. Tyler turns around again and leads Zak through the corn. Silence and walking.
18) 10) dialog: Finish what you got to say and then we’re gonna walk on in silence. Tyler! Tyler! Tyler! Tyler, What?! 31. Zak's tone turns serious.
18) 12) dialog: I don’t really give a shit. You got supplies?
18) 14) dialog: We’re gonna need some supplies.
19) 0) text: Zak and Tyler, peer through cornstalks at a dilapidated country store / gas station surrounded by farm land.
19) 1) dialog: How much money you got?
19) 3) dialog: I’m gonna go and grab some essentials.
19) 5) dialog: No.
20) 0) text: A brass bell above the door rings. 32. The CASHIER (77), an old, gray and frail man wearing Coke bottle glasses, watches Tyler enter. Tyler has his backpack on with the shotgun slung over his shoulder and dried blood on his shirt. The Cashier looks on nervously from behind the register. Tyler walks around the store filling up a basket with pea butter, fish hooks, fruit by the foot, Ding Dongs, a pre- sandwich, and Spam.
21) 2) dialog: What?
21) 4) dialog: --How much for just that?
21) 6) dialog: That'll work, just the peanut butter and the fish hooks.
21) 9) dialog: You got any airplane bottles of whiskey back there for two dollars?
21) 11) dialog: I can’t afford that.
21) 14) dialog: Ma’‘am.
21) 17) dialog: (to Eleanor) Where did you blow in here from? She sizes him up before answering. 34.
21) 19) dialog: You graduate JMU or GW?
21) 22) dialog: Yeah, you've got that kind of look about you.
21) 24) dialog: You know, just an excited to be alive kind of look. What you doing down here?
21) 26) dialog: I like to think I’m inquisitive with a side on interested.
21) 28) dialog: Yeah... you interested? Tyler lifts the bottle to offer her a drink.
21) 30) dialog: You work crab boats? Tyler begins laughing at his own joke.
21) 32) dialog: See it’s funny because you don’t look like you would work on--
21) 34) dialog: Oh, you’re trouble. Eleanor pulls a photo of Zak out from her purse and holds up for the cashier to see.
21) 38) dialog: What did he do?
21) 40) dialog: Is there a reward?
21) 42) dialog: You a bounty hunter?
21) 44) dialog: Did he kill someone?
21) 46) dialog: What are you then, his sister?
21) 48) dialog: --Maybe.
21) 50) dialog: Maybe he’s alone, or maybe he ain’t alone, you don’t know. Tyler picks up his backpack. What if he’s on a wild adventure and he joined up with a bunch of hitchhikers like something out of a Mark Twain novel? (beat) You like Mark Twain? Eleanor looks Tyler up and down, gun on his back, covered dirt and blood, and begins walking toward the door.
21) 51) dialog: Can I have your phone number?
21) 53) dialog: OK, well what if I see your friend there, should I just yell out real loud for you then?
21) 55) dialog: What name do you want me to yell?
22) 0) text: Tyler struts out, smile still on his face and passes a wh van labeled “Britthaven Retirement”. He waves to Eleanor and she waves back.
23) 0) text: Tyler pushes through the corn to where Zak is waiting.
23) 1) dialog: You're a goddamn criminal ain’t ya? Little fugitive... man on the lam. Tyler walks fast as Zak tries to keep pace.
23) 2) dialog: I met your girlfriend Eleanor in there, the cute one from the old folks’ home. She likes you quite a bit got a picture of you and everything. Showing everybody. Zak looks nervous.
23) 3) dialog: That’s a good thing as far as I’m concerned. (beat) If we’re gonna make it 70 miles down river we need to have a tie that binds. The fact we are both wanted men is just the kind of tie we needed. Two bandits on the run!
23) 5) dialog: You do right by me, and I'll do right by you. I said I'll get you to The Salt Water Redneck’s place and I plan to deliver on my word. I’ve been called a lot of bad things in my life, but a liar isn’t one of them. They step out onto a dirt road. 38.
23) 6) dialog: I’ve got two rules though.
23) 9) dialog: One, don’t slow me down.
23) 11) dialog: I'm in charge. I say “jump” you say “how high?”
23) 13) dialog: Jump. Zak jumps awkwardly a few inches off the ground.
23) 14) dialog: No. So I say “jump” and then you... Zak jumps again.
23) 15) dialog: Just... I’m in charge. You got it? Zak nods, reaches his hand out, and Tyler shakes it. Tyler slips his backpack off and hands it to Zak.
23) 16) dialog: You carry your own weight.
23) 18) dialog: What kind of secret handshake? For what?
23) 21) dialog: OK, but you can’t be doing that all the time. Only when special shit happens.
24) 0) text: Tyler and Zak approach the water’s edge where the road en Zak looks nervous.
24) 2) dialog: Yeah, we ain’t got many options. We can’t spend two days scraping through briar bushes and we can’t go back the way we came so we’re gonna swim it. You got any better ideas?
24) 4) dialog: --Take your pants off.
24) 6) dialog: I know you can’t swim but you can float. Tyler takes the pair of pants and ties knots in the knees creates a crude floatation device for Zak. Tyler ties one end of his rope to Zak, feeds 30 feet thro his hands and ties the other end to himself. 40.
24) 7) dialog: That water is almost 25 feet deep. Those pants should hold air just fine, but on the off chance you sink again I don’t want to go down with you, and I sure as hell don’t want to dredge for your body. (beat) This way I can pull you across without being scared of you drowning me. Tyler begins to put the backpack in a large trash bag to protect it from the water.
24) 9) dialog: Oh, you’re gonna die. Just a matter of time. (beat) The real question isn’t whether you'll die or not, it’s will you die with a bunch of good stories for people to tell about you when you're gone, now don’t be a bitch let’s go. Zak swallows hard.
24) 11) dialog: 
24) 13) dialog: 
24) 15) dialog: 
24) 17) dialog: 
25) 0) text: Zak and Tyler sit on a log at the water's edge. Tyler enters the water and washes off the mud from earlie He motions for Zak to join and begins teaching him to swi
26) 0) text: Tyler sits in the sand with his back leaned against a shipwrecked sailboat lit by the moon. Zak lays a few feet away splayed out in the sand. Tyler hand rolls a cigarette.
26) 5) dialog: I ain’t even the slightest bit scared of you.
26) 7) dialog: Why do you want to be the bad guy? Zak searches for the words.
26) 9) dialog: That don’t make you the bad guy. Good guys get left too Zak. It’s not about an evil laugh or wearing black. It has nothing to do with that; it has to do with what’s in here. Tyler taps his chest with his finger.
26) 10) dialog: You got a good guy heart. You can’t do shit about it, that’s just who you are... You’re a hero. Zak thinks on this.
26) 12) dialog: What’s that got to do with your heart? Who told you that?
26) 14) dialog: What’d your coach say?
26) 16) dialog: Sounds like a shitty coach. Your team ever win anything? Zak looks to Tyler and shrugs.
26) 17) dialog: There’s lots of stuff you probably won't do. Like slam dunk a basketball or be an Olympic swimmer. (beat) You sink like a stone, know why? Zak shakes his head no.
26) 18) dialog: Because you’re all muscle, and muscle sinks. (beat) (MORE )
26) 20) dialog: Today when you pulled me up by the river... the most grown-ass men I know aren’t that strong. You almost took my arm off. Zak smiles.
26) 21) dialog: Fuck your coach. Tyler lights the hand rolled cigarette. A warm glow illuminates his eyes.
26) 23) dialog: Duncan and Ratboy.
26) 25) dialog: Bad guys.
26) 27) dialog: Yeah?
26) 29) dialog: I don’t know, what you think?
27) 0) text: Begin flashback music. 45. Tyler and Mark sit at a bar surrounded by empty beer bott and shot glasses. Mark wears a cowboy hat and a crisp new purple brush popper (western shirt). Mark smiles at Tyler. They talk and connect but no words can be heard. Mark places his hand on the back of Tyler’s neck intimate
28) 0) text: Tyler and Mark get in Mark’s pickup. Tyler is driving. The truck eats up miles on the dark and lonely road. Inside, Mark sleeps while Tyler's eyes get heavy. The truck crosses over the center line, continues off the road... End flashback music.
29) 0) text: Tyler wakes to find Zak doing push-ups. Zak is grunting and straining to keep form. Tyler sits up, still sleepy.
29) 2) dialog: What?
29) 4) dialog: You want me to train you?
29) 6) dialog: I had big plans for today. I’m not sure I’1ll have time for that. 46. Zak stares at him waiting for the “yes.”
29) 7) dialog: I... Uh... Sure... I guess, sure. (beat) You know I don’t know shit about wrestling. Zak shakes his head yes.
29) 8) dialog: Ok. I'll just like... life train you.
29) 9) dialog: --Zak does push-ups and sit-ups and shoulder presses a la branch. --Tyler throws dry crackers into the water, fish start to at them and Tyler blasts shotgun rounds into the school. --Tyler and Zak eat their catch off of sticks over a fire --They walk the train tracks while Zak bobs and weaves. --Tyler and Zak sit under a tree eating watermelon.
29) 10) dialog: .--Eleanor, huh? Zak nods.
29) 11) dialog: What’s she like?
29) 13) dialog: Not so sweet that you wanted to stick around.
29) 15) dialog: Just point and pull the trigger.
29) 17) dialog: Open your stance up a bit. --Zak opens his legs wider.
29) 18) dialog: Good, now you look like an athlete. --Zak takes aim and shoots, all the bottles explode into glass shards. --Zak cheers and Tyler smiles.
29) 20) dialog: It’s called buckshot. They do their secret handshake.
29) 21) dialog: INT. ELEANOR’S CAR - DUSK Eleanor looks at a road map with a highlighted line that in Ayden. She marks an X directly on the line where the convenience store was located.
30) 0) text: Tyler picks up a beer bottle.
30) 1) dialog: Just keep your eye on the prize. Aim, and pull the trigger. Zak changes his foot position while Tyler isn't looking a places one foot directly next to the other one. Tyler throws the bottle in the air. Zak tracks the bottle through the air, pulls the trigger, hits his target. The kick sends him flying backwards. 48. Tyler runs to see if Zak is OK. Zak stands up, hobbles, and winces in pain.
30) 2) dialog: You alright bud?
31) 0) text: Tyler and Zak slide under a barbed-wire fence and stand a old ovens, broken-down cars, and metal barrels. Zak walks with difficulty, keeping weight off his ankle. Tyler quietly approaches an old 12 foot tin boat and star to pull scrap wood off of it.
31) 1) dialog: This should work just fine. Zak looks nervous but starts to help Tyler. The distinct sound of a pistol cocks.
31) 7) text: Tyler and Zak fall to the ground.
31) 8) dialog: Jesus! Wuh wuh wuh, we are white!
31) 10) dialog: Does it matter?
31) 12) dialog: Then yes, we are. Blind Jasper John lowers his gun.
31) 21) dialog: It’s like swimming. Zak looks intrigued. 51.
31) 24) dialog: I’m more of a baptism by fire kind of guy.
32) 0) text: --Tyler aggressively collects things around the junkyard Zak helps. Barrels / rope / wood pallets / old bed sheets Tyler's shotgun is peacefully framed in the foreground.
32) 1) text: --Tyler ties the barrels to scraps of wood and then start hammering nails. Close-up on the shotgun where “FAMILY FIRST” is branded.
32) 2) text: --He takes a dirty sheet and makes a crude sail out of it --Tyler and Zak are building a raft. 52. --They throw extra wood on the platform and then push the raft into the water. Tyler carefully pins the photo of Mark and himself to the crude steering mechanism at the back of the raft. EXT. WATERFRONT BEHIND BLIND JASPER’S JUNKYARD - DAY --Tyler and Zak push the raft along two small pine trees, with their bark shaved off, into the water with a splash. --It looks like trash, but it floats and they look please --Blind Jasper John shakes Tyler’s hand.
33) 0) text: Tyler sits on the front of the raft with his feet hanging over the edge. His shotgun is resting in his lap. Zak sits next to him, noticing his somber mood. Tyler stares into the silky almost black water. The two sit in silence for a long time. Zak puts his arm around Tyler.
33) 4) text: Rain pours down as Mark and Tyler sit side by side with t legs hanging off the end of a boat dock. They laugh and have a conversation but no words can be he End flashback music.
33) 6) dialog: Thank you.
35) 0) text: Tyler hops off the raft followed by Zak, who winces in pa when he steps down in the sand.
35) 2) dialog: You hurt your ankle? Tyler takes a sip of whiskey from the dirty brown jug the hands it to Zak.
35) 3) dialog: Here, this’1l numb it down. Zak takes the liquor and chugs. Tyler watches and nods his head in approval. Zak smiles at Tyler and hands him back the whiskey.
35) 4) dialog: 
36) 0) text: Zak has his shirt off, he is doing jumping jacks in the s beside a bonfire. The jug of whiskey, noticeably lighter than before, rests near by. Tyler counts reps from a reclined position across the fir
36) 1) dialog: 
36) 7) dialog: Who is strong enough? 55. Zak looks confused.
36) 8) dialog: Don’t you need, like another name. An alter ego? The Salt Water Redneck wasn’t born with that name.
36) 10) dialog: Nah, I bet his name was Frank or Beau or something. (beat) If you can’t do it, then who can? Zak thinks on this.
36) 13) dialog: OK. Let’s see it Falcon. Zak tries to lift the driftwood and gets it a little high but fails again. He drops the wood.
36) 14) dialog: War paint. Zak nods in approval. Tyler grabs some charcoal from around the fire and rubs i Zak's face in four even lines like a warrior football pla Zak smiles. Zak dips his hand in the jar of peanut butter and smears handful on his face to complement the charcoal lines.
36) 16) dialog: The Peanut Butter Falcon.
37) 0) text: Zak and Tyler are both passed out on the sand. The fire from the night before smolders. Zak snores soundly, his mouth agape.
39) 3) dialog: ELEANOR! I FOUND HIM, HE’S RIGHT
39) 6) dialog: He’s not going anywhere. Zak, stay put.
39) 8) dialog: He did get hurt.
39) 12) dialog: He’s not a child, he’s damn near twenty-two years old!
39) 14) dialog: I’m the guy taking care of him because you can’t do it without keeping him in a cage.
39) 16) dialog: While you were talking about eventually doing some paperwork we were doing a little thing called living.
39) 18) dialog: I know. It’s awesome.
39) 21) dialog: Stay where you’re at, Zak! Zak sits down.
39) 22) dialog: (to Eleanor) Can I talk to you in private for a moment? Tyler grabs Eleanor’s arm and walks her away from where Z is sitting.
39) 24) dialog: You can’t kidnap someone who ran away, genius.
39) 26) dialog: What do you want for Zak?
39) 28) dialog: No, what do you WANT FOR Zak? For his life.
39) 30) dialog: No you’re not. (beat) Do you know about the wrestling thing?
39) 32) dialog: I made him a promise to get him to that wrestling school, and I don’t break my promises. I see you care about Zak, so I’1l do you a favor. You can ride on the raft with us, that way you can watch out for him. (MORE )
39) 34) dialog: I'm getting him to that wrestling school with or without you. What happens after that... well, that’s your business.
39) 36) dialog: I’m not asking you. At the campfire, Zak takes the keys out of Eleanor’s purs
39) 40) dialog: It’s not for me. Eleanor looks to Zak who is doing a celebratory dance, an softens.
39) 42) dialog: Whatever, but till then, you give me all of him. 61.
40) 2) dialog: On the map, it’s about this far. (pinches his fingers)
40) 4) dialog: Well... tide and wind matter, a day or, you know, two.
40) 9) dialog: Don’t do that. 62.
40) 11) dialog: (to Zak) Eleanor’s right, we should work on your breath control. Just cause we're on a raft doesn’t mean we can’t train, right?
40) 13) dialog: Lean over the edge of the raft and put your head under water. I’11l time you.
40) 16) dialog: (to Eleanor) He CAN stand up on a raft, he CAN feed himself, and he CAN hold his breath while he’s training to be a wrestler.
40) 18) dialog: Stop calling Zak a retard.
40) 20) dialog: Might as well have, they way you treat him. You--
41) 2) dialog: People that call Zak a retard are only saying that he can’t do something they can. So you might not be saying the word retard but you're sure as shit making him feel retarded.
41) 4) dialog: No. I’m not kidding you. You’re just as bad as they are. You make him think he is completely incapable of doing anything on his own. Zak comes up, gasps for air and interrupts them.
41) 6) dialog: Nice work dude!
41) 8) dialog: Pretty long.
42) 0) text: Eleanor speaks with more conviction, she and Tyler are po opposites but share a common goal, Zak’s best interests.
43) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak all sit in a circle around the fi roasting on a ramshackle spit over a small burn barrel.
43) 1) dialog: Three options today for lunch.
43) 3) dialog: Option one. Hot water we boil from the sound.
43) 5) dialog: Option two is plain fish.
43) 7) dialog: Option three is...FISH with PEANUT
43) 10) dialog: (to Eleanor) We gotta give the guy what he wants!
43) 12) dialog: Try to eat around the bones. Tyler digs in. Eleanor looks at her handful of hot fish scrap and eats.
43) 13) dialog: Good, huh?
43) 18) dialog: It’s what we do to celebrate.
43) 20) dialog: That boat was a close one. Eleanor swallows hard.
43) 28) dialog: The rope does all the work, you just enjoy the ride.
43) 30) dialog: On the count of three, OK? TYLER (CONT’D) ZAK One! Two! Three-- One! Two! Three--
44) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak sail their raft through open wate Light from the late afternoon sun reflects off the surfac
45) 0) text: Duncan and Ratboy stand at the camp fire Zak and Tyler da around the night before. Ratboy is trying on Zak’s makeshift falcon wings. Duncan picks up the empty peanut butter jar and smells it
46) 0) text: Eleanor and Zak slow dance on the raft as it floats slowl down a glassy creek lined with 1,000 year old cedars. The fire in the small burn barrel beside them casts flickering light on the knotted stumps and twisted branch of the trees that surround them. Tyler watches happily, using a 12 foot push-pole to guide them forward through the water. His movements are fluid a smooth, and the raft glides along almost effortlessly. The energy between the three of them has fully shifted, Eleanor is now a part of the team. For the first time she doing what she thinks is right and not what she’s been to to do. Eleanor places Zak’s hand on her hip as they move.
48) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak sleep peacefully on the dusty flo of a room filled with duck calls and decoys. Tyler's sleeping face is abruptly illuminated by a harsh flickering light. The raft is on fire! Tyler wakes up and runs toward the shore.
49) 0) text: Tyler looks at the burning raft in disbelief, powerless. Duncan enters the frame.
49) 6) dialog: Duncan-— BANG! A gun shot goes off. Duncan looks startled as Zak, holding Tyler’s shotgun, st out from the cabin door. Zak points the weapon directly at Ratboy who is still pointing his pistol at Tyler. Eleanor, emerges behind Zak. She looks startled, not know what is going on or who these men are.
49) 12) dialog: (to Duncan) You're going to get in your boat and you’re gonna leave. I won't come back to Colington, you'll never see me again, and we call it even on the crab pots. The fishing license is yours.
49) 14) dialog: (to Duncan) Then we do it different. Zak ignores Eleanor’s pleas and raises the shotgun higher with bravado.
50) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor walk silently down the beach thre abreast still shaken from the standoff with Duncan and Ratboy.
51) 3) dialog: No...I think it’s over.
51) 8) dialog: How much did you have?
51) 10) dialog: (smiles) That’s more than I have right now. 74.
51) 12) dialog: No!
51) 16) dialog: Shoulda spent that money.
51) 19) dialog: Give me just a minute.
52) 12) dialog: No. This is it. Finally... The door opens and a much older and tired look Salt Water Redneck, without makeup or long hair, steps in the light. 77. He is a shadow of what he once was, almost unrecognizable
52) 14) dialog: Are you The Salt Water Redneck? He notices Zak.
52) 16) dialog: I'm sorry, is this is the wrestling school?
52) 18) dialog: My name’s Tyler; I ain’t selling nothin’ to you. You see that guy back there?
52) 20) dialog: Well, we done some hard traveling to get to you. It’s a big deal seein’ you here. You mind just waving to him? (beat) He’s got a lot riding on this you mind just waving to him? Salt Water looks beyond Tyler to Zak hiding behind Eleano
52) 23) dialog: You don’t teach no wrestling school here no more?
52) 25) dialog: Did you? (beat) So I promised him he could do this one thing. This wrestling thing. And he told me about this school here in Ayden. (beat) Now I gotta break his heart. (beat) And I don’t really know what to say to him. (beat) What’s your name?
52) 27) dialog: Nice to meet you.
52) 29) dialog: Oh, more than that. Shit, you're his hero. (beat) He believes in you... That’s a hard thing to do, believe in something. Zak watches on. He can’t hear what they are saying.
52) 30) dialog: (calling to Zak) Zak. This is Clint. Zak pokes his head out from behind Eleanor.
52) 31) dialog: (to Salt Water Redneck) You mind if he comes up here and says hi? 79.
52) 33) dialog: (to Zak) Come on up here. Zak walks to join Tyler at the door.
52) 34) dialog: Hey pal The Salt Water Redneck don’t live here no more. (beat) Clint is just a regular guy like me or you and he wanted to shake your hand. Zak wears his disappointment on his face and reaches out shake Clint’s hand.
52) 37) dialog: Alright bud, let’s go...
53) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor all walk in silence.
53) 3) dialog: (softly) Zak, The Salt Water Redneck isn’t real; he doesn’t exist. 80.
53) 23) dialog: Huh?
53) 25) dialog: Florida. (beat) A fresh start. I’m gonna get my own boat and run charters. Take people sport fishing. Make a few bucks while living the good life. It’s gonna be great. (playfully) If you don’t have any plans you can come with me. Eleanor flashes Tyler a look: “Yeah right.” EXT. SALT WATER REDNECK’S TRAILER - NIGHT - LATER Salt Water, Zak, Eleanor, Tyler, and Sam all sit at a pic table, eating boiled corn and hamburger helper off paper plates. Christmas lights, casually strung, help set the m
53) 33) dialog: (to Eleanor) It’s not like he’s got all the time in the world.
54) 0) text: Salt Water drives; Zak rides shotgun. Eleanor and Tyler a squeezed into the back with Sam uncomfortably wedged betw them. Salt Water wears normal clothing, his hair blows in wind; Zak doesn’t look nearly as confident. Pink fuzzy handcuffs dangle from the rear view mirror. Everything is quiet. 85. Salt Water stiffens his grip on the steering wheel and abruptly starts screaming at the top of his lungs. Zak is taken by surprise. Salt Water starts slapping Zak’s chest with the back of h hand like a football coach might do to hype up his star quarterback. Eleanor and Tyler lean forward and share confused glances around Sam's gigantic body. Finally, Zak joins in with the screaming. Tyler is next to follow suit, he reaches across Sam, and grabs Eleanor’s hand, and she joins in as well. All except Sam ride in the Firebird screaming at the top their lungs like wild animals. Sam sits stoic and silent, unaffected by the energy of the others.
55) 0) text: Samson(Sam’s wrestling alter ego) stands on top of an eig foot ladder in the center of the wrestling ring. He is covered in blood holding a bat wrapped with barb wire. A small crowd of people drink beer and hoot for the show. The words “JACOB'S INFERNO” sit above a barn door that is painted entirely in red, orange, and yellow flames. A broken-down school bus separates the tattered bleachers from the parking lot. Samson howls into the air and does a front flip landing e feet below onto a table where his opponent lies. The table splits in half. Both men hit the ground with a thud. Ribs crack and Zak’s eyes widen. Samson digs his fingers into the eyes of his opponent, wh writhes in pain dramatically. Samson is circling the ring holding a gold belt above his head. 86. In the crowd, Craig (the unforgettably obese character fr the fish docks), laughs obnoxiously at the violence. Tyler stiffens at the unmistakable sound of Craig’s laugh the two lock eyes. Zak looks nervous as he watches Samson; he is not prepare for this. Salt Water stands on the other side of the ring being gre warmly by JACOB(48), the events emcee and referee who hol bullhorn. Jacob is a gruff showman who is missing a tooth started The Inferno just for the love of wrestling. Salt Water points toward Zak, and Jacob looks across the chaos to size him up. Jacob shakes his head no. Zak swallows nervously. Salt Water looks like he is pleading his case. Finally, J nods, then shakes hands with Salt Water. Salt Water hands him a small piece of paper. Craig pushes through the crowd and opens a phone as he ex
55) 4) dialog: Clint said Sam is going to go easy on him. It'll be simple, a couple moves and he will lay down and let Zak win.
55) 6) dialog: You said I could have all of him. A savage howl followed by a shriek causes Eleanor to paus
55) 8) dialog: (beat) OK. Eleanor takes the ‘OK’ as a win, and that Tyler has agree her terms. Tyler moves Eleanor’s hair softly with his hand. (Alternate) Tyler kisses Eleanor.
55) 10) dialog: No one is going to die today.
56) 1) text: You have to be aggressive, steer the match where you want it to go. Zak nods his head, not confident. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) You can talk to Sam, but just keep it small and quiet. Don’t let the audience in too much. Just remember to roll with it, take the punches and then come back harder. As far as your smack talk goes, the moment you get in the ring say the meanest most evil thing you can think of to get in his head and rile the audience up good. (beat) You gotta say the most MANIACAL thing you can possibly think of. Zak looks scared. Tyler approaches, having left Eleanor in the car. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) If you start to bleed use it to your advantage, play it up. Maybe wipe it all over your face. (beat) OK, I’ll be in the stands watching. Salt Water pats Zak on the shoulder and walks away. As he is leaving, he slaps Tyler on the chest once and excitedly screams in his face. Tyler salutes. Zak sits, still shaken by Salt Water’s words.
56) 3) dialog: No. Don’t you do that. Not now.
56) 5) dialog: You know you can do this, you've got this. (MORE )
56) 8) dialog: (beat) Say “I’ve got this.”
56) 10) dialog: Say “I’ve got this!” Say it to me.
56) 12) dialog: No. Not like you’re asking me if you've got it, say it like you know it’s true. Zak doesn't respond. Tyler grabs him by the collar.
56) 13) dialog: Say it! Say it to me! Make me believe it! (beat) Make me believe. Long pause as they look at each other.
56) 15) dialog: I don’t believe you.
56) 18) dialog: Good. I knew you did. I just needed you to know. (beat) Let’s find something to dress you in. curt TO:
61) 0) text: Zak's body flies through the air. He hits the mat hard. The crowd winces in pain. Samson roars. Zak tries to get up. Samson grabs Zak’s leg just as he is about to stand, flip him over, then leg drops on top of Zak, making the ring s violently. Tyler is starting to show worry on his face.
61) 1) dialog: Get up, Zak! Get up! Zak looks to Tyler. 93. Samson grabs Zak's face and pulls it close to his so no o but Zak can hear his angry whisper.
64) 0) text: Tires come to a stop. Ratboy and Duncan get out of their truck. Duncan grabs a tire iron from behind his seat. The two walk through the parking lot past all the empty c Eleanor, still handcuffed inside the Firebird sees them a her eyes widen. She starts to kick the steering wheel violently, nothing will keep her from warning Tyler and Z
65) 0) text: Samson does a flying kick and sends Zak across the ring. Tyler looks on, saddened by what’s happening.
65) 13) dialog: Hey, buddy. FADE TO BLACK.