0) 0) text: The atmosphere is drab and the smell of old age lingers. ZAK (22), a young man with high-functioning Down syndrome sits in the lunchroom pushing food around on his plate. He shares a glance with ROSEMARY (92), who sits across th table. She looks down at a piece of paper in her hands, f it, places it in her pocket, and nods at Zak. Zak nods back and slowly pushes his pudding across the ta Rosemary eats the pudding, enjoying every bite. Zak looks around and sees senior citizens moving slowly. Wheelchairs and walkers surround him. ELEANOR (26), a kind brunette with understated beauty is dressed in business casual. She helps CARL (82) into his chair. Carl is gray all over and carries a cane; he flirt with the confidence of a man in his prime.
0) 5) dialog: I'm just trying to be a really nice guy. 2. Zak follows Eleanor with his eyes as she exits the room a then looks to the exit sign above a door.
0) 6) dialog: (whispers) Now. Rosemary places her hand on her heart and starts breathin loudly as nurses come rushing to her aid.
1) 0) text: The door flings open and Zak comes sprinting out! He is followed by Eleanor and two male nurses dressed in white. Zak moves fast but awkwardly across the lawn; he stumbles over his own feet but keeps going. A smile creeps across face. BOOM! He is violently blindsided by another nurse. He nev saw the tackle coming.
3) 1) text: Tyler slows his boat upon seeing a North Carolina Fisheri Warden who has stopped to check another fisherman's catch Tyler then turns his boat and speeds away in the opposite direction. EXT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY The two male nurses screw small gauge aluminum bars onto Zak's window then shake them to make sure they are attach securely. INT. RETIREMENT HOME - ZAK & CARL’S ROOM - DAY Zak, still with remnants of dirt on his face, inspects an VHS tape carefully. He lifts the cover flap, and blows on magnetic strip. Zak places the tape into the player; it is labeled: “THE WATER REDNECK.” Sitting at attention on the edge of his bed, Zak watches footage of his favorite wrestler. THE SALT WATER REDNECK(34) wears blue camouflage briefs a matching face paint. His hair is long, luscious, blonde, held back by a rolled bandana that matches his briefs. Carl sits close by, with an afghan blanket draped over hi
3) 4) text: I challenge those people to define what possible is? I believe in myself. I know I’m the best, that’s why I’m the only wrestler that can do it. Simple as that. Zak looks pleased.
3) 6) dialog: I love The Salt Water Redneck. He is my hero, and he is a badass, and he is the greatest person ever.
3) 9) dialog: (To Carl) I want to have the skills. Carl nods. On screen The Salt Water Redneck does a flip from the top rope and lands elbow first into the chest of his opponent Eleanor enters heated, carrying a clipboard. She turns the TV off and sits, balancing frustration and in her demeanor. Although her words seem cutting they are delivered tenderly. She loves Zak wholeheartedly.
3) 12) text: This isn't a joke Zak, I'm labeling you a flight risk. Eleanor makes a note on her clipboard.
3) 15) dialog: Yes it is.
3) 19) dialog: --Eleanor, I am young and I am not old. Carl is old and we are different. Carl reacts to the jab from Zak about his age.
3) 21) text: The state has to put you somewhere and this is that place right now. Zak deflates.
3) 23) dialog: Two and a half years.
4) 9) dialog: Carl, you are my best friend, and you are my family.
4) 11) dialog: And Carl, you are invited to my birthday party.
5) 0) text: Tyler sits in silence leaned against a wooden piling, dir and blood still on his face. From the pocket of his shorts he pulls out an old plastic filled with dirty cigarette butts and rolling papers. After placing a rolling paper on his lap he harvests toba from five cigarette butts; hand rolls, licks, and lights a match. As he smokes Tyler eyes Duncan and Ratboy’s crab pots wit their red buoys. He goes to his boat and fumbles around looking for someth He almost pulls the tarp off Zak, but at the last second, grabs a large red canister of gasoline. Tyler pours the gas all over Duncan & Ratboy’s buoys. He contemplates for a moment, then tosses his cigarette d immediately setting the gasoline soaked pile ablaze. His eyes widen as the fire starts to take over more than the buoys. Every crab pot Duncan owns is now on fire. 15. Tyler, nervous, gets in his boat, puts the key in the ignition and turns it. Nothing.
6) 0) text: INTERCUT BETWEEN DUNCAN’S BOAT & TYLER’S BOAT. Tyler is far out in front, but Duncan and Ratboy are gain ground. Duncan and Ratboy’s boat has two 200 horsepower motors, a they run clean and fast. Tyler takes a hard turn into a maze of tall marshy grass an attempt to lose the larger boat. Zak, still hidden under the tarp, is getting tossed aroun like a rag doll. Tyler weaves through the reeds like an old pro. He stops and throws the engine abruptly in reverse. He ba into a concealed spot in the grass barely wide enough for boat. Quickly, he shuts the engine off. The motor goes silent a the running lights go dark. 16. Tyler looks anxious but remains quiet. Ratboy and Duncan look around, they’ve lost Tyler in the reeds.
6) 5) dialog: I’m Zak. Duncan’s boat approaches. Tyler quickly and confidently starts the engine and gasse it, pulling his boat out 100 feet in front of Duncan's. Duncan and Ratboy gain on Tyler as they both hit open wat The lights on Tyler’s boat are becoming noticeably closer
7) 0) text: Tyler's boat is beached a few feet away from where he sit the sand with Zak, the two silently study each other. Zak is still in his tighty-whities and looks filthy. Tyler is still covered in dirt and blood.
7) 7) dialog: Umm... Why did you do that? 20.
7) 9) dialog: Oh, OK. (beat) Ummm... Where are we? Tyler doesn’t answer.
7) 10) dialog: (beat) See... Um... I don’t know where I am, so I don’t know how to get where I’m going.
8) 0) text: Tyler reaches the shallows and starts to wade through the knee-high water. Zak stops timidly at the water’s edge an looks out at Tyler who is still moving.
8) 1) dialog: Oh no. (to Tyler) Umm... Excuse me... Excuse me? Tyler turns and looks at Zak.
8) 2) dialog: Yeah, umm... See, umm... I can’t swim. Will you please help me? Will you please be my friend? Tyler watches. Zak slowly begins wading through the water toward Tyler.
8) 3) dialog: (upon reaching Tyler) OK, I’m OK now. Zak gives Tyler a thumbs up.
9) 0) text: Tyler walks in front of Zak, who hangs on his heels like puppy -
9) 1) dialog: .-.and then The Salt Water Redneck throws people, it’s called the “Atomic Throw”! Zak mimics the Salt Water Redneck’s signature move as he out a feeble attempt at a roar. Tyler continues walking; he doesn’t engage in the conversation.
9) 2) dialog: I’m going to Ayden, North Carolina to learn the moves... (beat) Zak pumps his arms in the air and makes a cheering noise.
9) 3) dialog: And they might say, “Zak you are so awesome. You are a bird. You are the most free bird ever.” Zak squeezes his hands excitedly.
9) 4) dialog: Oh yeah! Tyler stops and faces Zak, which abruptly shuts him up. 22.
9) 6) dialog: And I am going to live in a big house with lots of snacks and drinks and I’'1l have an airplane--
9) 8) dialog: My friends know where I am. Tyler takes out a granola bar from his backpack and takes big bite. Zak watches, almost drooling. Tyler glances over his shoulder and notices Zak watching but keeps eating. Zak's pale skin is turning pink from the sun.
10) 3) dialog: No.
10) 5) dialog: 
10) 7) dialog: Hey... Can I come with you?
10) 9) dialog: Maybe we could be friends, buddies, roll dogs? And hang, and chill, and have a good time.
10) 11) dialog: Do you guys like birthday parties?
13) 0) text: Tyler walks toward the docks where the boys were playing earlier; he hears taunting. Zak has climbed up to the tallest platform and the older are causing a scene. A FAT BULLY (12) stands next to Zak on the platform fifty feet above the water.
13) 5) dialog: I am not going to do it. The bully pushes Zak off the platform. His body hits the water hard and immediately sinks. Tyler makes it to the top and walks to the edge of the platform. He stares down waiting for Zak to reappear. Only bubbles rise to the surface.
14) 0) text: Zak coughs up water as Tyler sits next to him soaking wet
14) 2) dialog: Yeah.
14) 4) dialog: What does legit mean? Tyler takes out a map from his bag and unfolds it on the beach so Zak can see; he tracks his finger with his words
14) 7) dialog: Yes, I swear to god. I have proof of the video tape.
14) 9) dialog: What is your name? Tyler turns to face Zak.
14) 11) dialog: That is a very cool name.
15) 0) text: Eleanor shows people the photo of Zak and asks if anyone seen him. They shake their heads “no.”
16) 0) text: Eleanor knocks on a series of doors searching for Zak.
18) 0) text: Tyler and Zak walk hidden from the road through cornfield Tyler leads. Zak gets hit in the face by leaves as they move.
18) 1) dialog: My Feet hurt. (beat) Tyler, do you have a car? Tyler does not answer.
18) 2) dialog: Tyler, can we please walk on the road? 30. Tyler, frustrated, turns to face Zak.
18) 3) dialog: Excuse me... Will you please answer me?
18) 5) dialog: Yeah, last night. Tyler is surprised by Zak's answer.
18) 7) dialog: Last night.
18) 9) dialog: Tyler... Tyler's frustration boils over; he turns to face Zak agai
18) 11) dialog: I want you to know about me. (beat) I am a Down syndrome person. Tyler takes this in.
18) 13) dialog: No. The two set off again through the corn.
19) 0) text: Zak and Tyler, peer through cornstalks at a dilapidated country store / gas station surrounded by farm land.
19) 2) dialog: Oh, I got no money, and I got no pockets. Zak still wears tighty-whities and the shirt Tyler gave h Tyler gives Zak a pair of camo pants from his bag.
19) 4) dialog: Can I come?
23) 0) text: Tyler pushes through the corn to where Zak is waiting.
23) 4) dialog: Oh yeah! OK!
23) 7) dialog: 
23) 10) dialog: OK, and the other rule? Tyler stops to look at Zak.
23) 12) dialog: Got it!
23) 17) dialog: Uhhh... Tyler maybe we should have our own secret handshake.
23) 19) dialog: Buds... dudes... Friends. Zak starts making the motions of a unique high five. 39.
23) 20) dialog: Woo hoo ha ha yeah! And then I could spin like this. Zak lifts Tyler's hand up, hits it and spins around wavin his hand like a fish tail. Tyler starts walking again.
23) 22) dialog: Deal. You are in charge.
24) 0) text: Tyler and Zak approach the water’s edge where the road en Zak looks nervous.
24) 1) dialog: It is too far to the other side.
24) 3) dialog: We could get a plane and then--
24) 5) dialog: I can’t swim.
24) 8) dialog: Do you think I could die?
24) 14) dialog: Zak begins kicking his legs faster but isn’t making much progress. He submerges in the water and resurfaces. Tyler attempts to swim in full sprint but Zak is dead wei Tyler clears the path of the barge but it continues to be down toward Zak.
24) 19) dialog: That is a good story we can tell. Zak starts to walk away but then turns to address Tyler.
24) 20) dialog: You coming?
24) 22) dialog: Hey little ants. Hey there. Zak waves and smiles at the ants. Tyler softens.
25) 0) text: Zak and Tyler sit on a log at the water's edge. Tyler enters the water and washes off the mud from earlie He motions for Zak to join and begins teaching him to swi
26) 0) text: Tyler sits in the sand with his back leaned against a shipwrecked sailboat lit by the moon. Zak lays a few feet away splayed out in the sand. Tyler hand rolls a cigarette.
26) 1) dialog: 
26) 3) dialog: 
26) 6) dialog: When I’m a professional wrestler I’m going to be a bad guy.
26) 8) dialog: Because my family left me. This hits Tyler hard. 43.
26) 11) dialog: No, I can’t be a hero because I am a Down syndrome.
26) 13) dialog: Coach, teachers...
26) 15) dialog: He said I am retarded.
26) 22) dialog: Tyler, who were the people that chased us in the boat?
26) 24) dialog: Are they good guys or bad guys?
26) 26) dialog: Tyler?
26) 28) dialog: Are you a good guy or a bad guy? Long silence.
26) 30) dialog: You are a good guy.
29) 0) text: Tyler wakes to find Zak doing push-ups. Zak is grunting and straining to keep form. Tyler sits up, still sleepy.
29) 1) dialog: Will you please train me?
29) 3) dialog: Train to be a hero.
29) 5) dialog: Yeah.
29) 9) dialog: --Zak does push-ups and sit-ups and shoulder presses a la branch. --Tyler throws dry crackers into the water, fish start to at them and Tyler blasts shotgun rounds into the school. --Tyler and Zak eat their catch off of sticks over a fire --They walk the train tracks while Zak bobs and weaves. --Tyler and Zak sit under a tree eating watermelon.
29) 12) dialog: She's my friend. She looks out for me. She gives me snacks, and she’s really sweet.
29) 14) dialog: No, not that sweet. --Tyler carves helmets out of the watermelon rind. --They play wrestle in a field. --Tyler puts four beer bottles on sticks 30 yards from wh Zak stands holding the shotgun. 47.
29) 16) dialog: Yeah, got it.
29) 19) dialog: I hit all of them!
29) 21) dialog: INT. ELEANOR’S CAR - DUSK Eleanor looks at a road map with a highlighted line that in Ayden. She marks an X directly on the line where the convenience store was located.
31) 0) text: Tyler and Zak slide under a barbed-wire fence and stand a old ovens, broken-down cars, and metal barrels. Zak walks with difficulty, keeping weight off his ankle. Tyler quietly approaches an old 12 foot tin boat and star to pull scrap wood off of it.
31) 7) text: Tyler and Zak fall to the ground.
31) 8) dialog: Jesus! Wuh wuh wuh, we are white!
31) 14) dialog: What sins are you talking about?
31) 20) dialog: (to Tyler) What is that?
32) 0) text: --Tyler aggressively collects things around the junkyard Zak helps. Barrels / rope / wood pallets / old bed sheets Tyler's shotgun is peacefully framed in the foreground.
32) 2) text: --He takes a dirty sheet and makes a crude sail out of it --Tyler and Zak are building a raft. 52. --They throw extra wood on the platform and then push the raft into the water. Tyler carefully pins the photo of Mark and himself to the crude steering mechanism at the back of the raft. EXT. WATERFRONT BEHIND BLIND JASPER’S JUNKYARD - DAY --Tyler and Zak push the raft along two small pine trees, with their bark shaved off, into the water with a splash. --It looks like trash, but it floats and they look please --Blind Jasper John shakes Tyler’s hand.
33) 0) text: Tyler sits on the front of the raft with his feet hanging over the edge. His shotgun is resting in his lap. Zak sits next to him, noticing his somber mood. Tyler stares into the silky almost black water. The two sit in silence for a long time. Zak puts his arm around Tyler.
33) 1) dialog: Tyler, when I can take care of you, I will. Tyler lets this settle in.
33) 2) dialog: I will give you all the wishes for my birthday.
33) 7) dialog: You’re welcome. Tyler begins to break down and caves into Zak’s embrace.
34) 0) text: Eleanor knocks on Jasper’s front door. He answers she holds up a photo of Zak.
35) 0) text: Tyler hops off the raft followed by Zak, who winces in pa when he steps down in the sand.
35) 1) dialog: Ouch, my ankle! 54.
36) 0) text: Zak has his shirt off, he is doing jumping jacks in the s beside a bonfire. The jug of whiskey, noticeably lighter than before, rests near by. Tyler counts reps from a reclined position across the fir
36) 3) dialog: I definitely can not feel my ankle anymore! Or my legs! Or my head! Zak raises his hands in the air.
36) 4) dialog: 
36) 6) dialog: I’m not strong enough.
36) 9) dialog: Are you sure that wasn’t his name when he was born?
36) 11) dialog: 
36) 15) dialog: The Peanut Butter Falcon. Tyler smiles. 56.
37) 0) text: Zak and Tyler are both passed out on the sand. The fire from the night before smolders. Zak snores soundly, his mouth agape.
39) 0) text: A van arrives, tires on gravel; a door opens and closes, followed by the chirping sound of a car lock engaging. Footsteps approach, a purse drops onto the ground beside keys on a “Britthaven Retirement” keychain jingle inside. A hand wipes peanut butter off of Zak's face. Eleanor is crouching over him, she looks relieved.
39) 10) dialog: My ankle hurts.
39) 19) dialog: It really is awesome, Eleanor.
39) 37) dialog: Hey, Eleanor! Eleanor and Tyler both turn toward Zak as he throws her k far into the deep murky water. There is a comically long pause as Tyler and Eleanor watc Zak in disbelief.
39) 38) dialog: I don’t want to go back. (beat) I’m going to meet the Salt Water Redneck! Eleanor turns back to Tyler and continues to negotiate ev though she has no other options.
40) 0) text: Eleanor sits on the raft, arms crossed, looking unhappy. quiet and tense and the sheet they use for a sail is not catching any wind. Zak stands up and starts blowing into the sail.
40) 7) dialog: I’m not really hungry.
40) 12) dialog: Oh Tyler, that is very smart.
40) 17) dialog: Yes I can! Tyler nods to Zak and Zak nods back. Zak places his head underwater, unable to hear the conversation that continues above.
41) 5) dialog: Time!
41) 7) dialog: How long was that?
41) 10) dialog: 
42) 0) text: Eleanor speaks with more conviction, she and Tyler are po opposites but share a common goal, Zak’s best interests.
42) 2) dialog: 
43) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak all sit in a circle around the fi roasting on a ramshackle spit over a small burn barrel.
43) 2) dialog: Three options! Yeah! Eleanor, warmer than before, looks like she is enjoying t because Zak is so happy. 65.
43) 4) dialog: BLECK! I don’t want to drink more sound water, Tyler!
43) 6) dialog: You know what I want, Tyler. Eleanor smiles at how much fun Zak is having.
43) 9) dialog: FISH and peanut butter!! I want to eat the fish with the peanut butter!
43) 11) dialog: Yes you do! Tyler tears the fish apart with his bare hands and passes chunk to Zak who already had a handful of peanut butter ready. He rubs the peanut butter all over the flaky white meat and immediately starts eating. Tyler then rips off another piece and hands it to Eleanor.
43) 17) dialog: It’s a secret handshake we do when stuff is really awesome.
43) 19) dialog: Yeah, we did it when I almost got ran over by that big boat.
43) 21) dialog: And we did it when someone shot a gun at us but we didn’t get any bullet holes in our bodies.
43) 27) dialog: It’s so easy, you just jump, and hold on, and then you let go. (beat) Hold on. Let go.
44) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak sail their raft through open wate Light from the late afternoon sun reflects off the surfac
45) 0) text: Duncan and Ratboy stand at the camp fire Zak and Tyler da around the night before. Ratboy is trying on Zak’s makeshift falcon wings. Duncan picks up the empty peanut butter jar and smells it
46) 0) text: Eleanor and Zak slow dance on the raft as it floats slowl down a glassy creek lined with 1,000 year old cedars. The fire in the small burn barrel beside them casts flickering light on the knotted stumps and twisted branch of the trees that surround them. Tyler watches happily, using a 12 foot push-pole to guide them forward through the water. His movements are fluid a smooth, and the raft glides along almost effortlessly. The energy between the three of them has fully shifted, Eleanor is now a part of the team. For the first time she doing what she thinks is right and not what she’s been to to do. Eleanor places Zak’s hand on her hip as they move.
46) 2) dialog: Ummm...it is really great now Eleanor, thank you. Zak looks down at his feet. He counts with her.
46) 3) dialog: One. Two. Three. One. Two. One. Two. Three. One. Two. Three. Three. The sun sets behind them.
46) 5) dialog: But, I need to look at my feet. 69.
46) 8) dialog: This is a good story that we will tell.
46) 10) dialog: I like when we are all together.
48) 0) text: Tyler, Eleanor, and Zak sleep peacefully on the dusty flo of a room filled with duck calls and decoys. Tyler's sleeping face is abruptly illuminated by a harsh flickering light. The raft is on fire! Tyler wakes up and runs toward the shore.
49) 9) dialog: (to Ratboy) It’s buckshot. This stops Duncan’s forward momentum. Ratboy looks to Dun Duncan motions for him to put the pistol on the ground. Tyler stands and backs up a few paces.
49) 16) dialog: I guess I am. Duncan and Ratboy slowly retreat toward their boat as Zak keeps them in his crosshairs. They start the engines and drive off. Once the boat is out of sight, Eleanor runs over and thro Ratboy’s handgun into the water.
50) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor walk silently down the beach thre abreast still shaken from the standoff with Duncan and Ratboy.
51) 6) dialog: What were you saving up for?
51) 14) dialog: Did you get the piggy bank?
52) 9) dialog: I am going to walk right up to him and say “I am here to learn the wrestling moves! SO TEACH ME! BOOYAH!”
52) 22) dialog: Hey. 78.
52) 35) dialog: How you doing?
53) 0) text: Tyler, Zak, and Eleanor all walk in silence.
53) 1) dialog: Tyler? Tyler just listens, somber.
53) 2) dialog: I bet we could find him, if we all go look for him together on a raft. (beat) The three of us could find him, Tyler. You, me and Eleanor can find him. I bet he’s hiding out ina swamp.
53) 4) dialog: Yes he does. I have the videotape. I have seen him.
53) 6) dialog: But you told me I could do it, Tyler. You promised me that a strong person like me could do it. (beat) Let’s not go back. We can take care of each other. We can be a family. I can catch the fish. I’1l be the hero always for you guys. (beat) I can take care of you.
53) 8) dialog: Is your life better than this? Eleanor truly considers this question.
53) 9) dialog: Is your life better than this right now? Is your life better than the raft we made? It’s not and you know it! We love each other! You love each other, and I love you! (beat) It’s simple.
53) 12) dialog: You won’t. You can. You just won’t. Long pause. An old, beat-up and rusty Pontiac Firebird complete with flame engulfed phoenix decal on the hood comes speeding u the road from behind them. 81. The horn plays Dixie and the engine roars as it comes to screeching halt, spraying dust. Zak looks at the fiery bird on the hood as the dust settl The Salt Water Redneck adjusts his blonde wig and bandana he gets out of the driver’s seat. His makeup job looks rushed, he wears blue camouflage briefs and knee-high wrestling boots.
53) 13) dialog: (to himself) I knew it.
53) 15) dialog: Yeah. The Salt Water Redneck walks over to Zak and extends his hand.
53) 17) dialog: Redneck... Zak takes a deep breath and kneels before Salt Water.
53) 18) dialog: I am here to learn the wrestling moves! Please teach me your ways, oh powerful one! I will do the best I can for you. I will make you proud, Salt Water Redneck. Salt Water looks pleased with his redemption.
53) 19) dialog: Teach me to throw. 82. EXT. WRESTLING RING - SALT WATER’S FRONT YARD - DUSK Salt Water enthusiastically teaches Zak wrestling moves i homemade ring comprised of ropes strung between a few sho stuck in the ground and a lawn mower handle. Salt Water briefly introduces Zak to his roommate, SAM (5 an intimidatingly large man who sports a mullet haircut a wears a faded work-issued, pest-control shirt. Sam watches intently beside the ring with his arms crosse He enjoys watching the two wrestle, but for different reasons. Salt Water feels good to be back in the makeshift setup. He has fun with Zak as he shows off. Salt Water teaches Zak to stomp his foot when he pretends hit someone. Sam watches with focus but doesn't say much. Salt Water rolls on the ground showing Zak how to properl take a fall.
53) 20) dialog: Ummm... What about the “Atomic throw?”
53) 27) dialog: OK, yeah? OK. 84.
53) 29) dialog: Try it for real?
53) 34) dialog: I want to do the wrestling match.
54) 0) text: Salt Water drives; Zak rides shotgun. Eleanor and Tyler a squeezed into the back with Sam uncomfortably wedged betw them. Salt Water wears normal clothing, his hair blows in wind; Zak doesn’t look nearly as confident. Pink fuzzy handcuffs dangle from the rear view mirror. Everything is quiet. 85. Salt Water stiffens his grip on the steering wheel and abruptly starts screaming at the top of his lungs. Zak is taken by surprise. Salt Water starts slapping Zak’s chest with the back of h hand like a football coach might do to hype up his star quarterback. Eleanor and Tyler lean forward and share confused glances around Sam's gigantic body. Finally, Zak joins in with the screaming. Tyler is next to follow suit, he reaches across Sam, and grabs Eleanor’s hand, and she joins in as well. All except Sam ride in the Firebird screaming at the top their lungs like wild animals. Sam sits stoic and silent, unaffected by the energy of the others.
55) 0) text: Samson(Sam’s wrestling alter ego) stands on top of an eig foot ladder in the center of the wrestling ring. He is covered in blood holding a bat wrapped with barb wire. A small crowd of people drink beer and hoot for the show. The words “JACOB'S INFERNO” sit above a barn door that is painted entirely in red, orange, and yellow flames. A broken-down school bus separates the tattered bleachers from the parking lot. Samson howls into the air and does a front flip landing e feet below onto a table where his opponent lies. The table splits in half. Both men hit the ground with a thud. Ribs crack and Zak’s eyes widen. Samson digs his fingers into the eyes of his opponent, wh writhes in pain dramatically. Samson is circling the ring holding a gold belt above his head. 86. In the crowd, Craig (the unforgettably obese character fr the fish docks), laughs obnoxiously at the violence. Tyler stiffens at the unmistakable sound of Craig’s laugh the two lock eyes. Zak looks nervous as he watches Samson; he is not prepare for this. Salt Water stands on the other side of the ring being gre warmly by JACOB(48), the events emcee and referee who hol bullhorn. Jacob is a gruff showman who is missing a tooth started The Inferno just for the love of wrestling. Salt Water points toward Zak, and Jacob looks across the chaos to size him up. Jacob shakes his head no. Zak swallows nervously. Salt Water looks like he is pleading his case. Finally, J nods, then shakes hands with Salt Water. Salt Water hands him a small piece of paper. Craig pushes through the crowd and opens a phone as he ex
56) 0) text: Zak sits in a metal folding chair paying close attention Salt Water coaches.
56) 1) text: You have to be aggressive, steer the match where you want it to go. Zak nods his head, not confident. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) You can talk to Sam, but just keep it small and quiet. Don’t let the audience in too much. Just remember to roll with it, take the punches and then come back harder. As far as your smack talk goes, the moment you get in the ring say the meanest most evil thing you can think of to get in his head and rile the audience up good. (beat) You gotta say the most MANIACAL thing you can possibly think of. Zak looks scared. Tyler approaches, having left Eleanor in the car. SALT WATER REDNECK (CONT’D) If you start to bleed use it to your advantage, play it up. Maybe wipe it all over your face. (beat) OK, I’ll be in the stands watching. Salt Water pats Zak on the shoulder and walks away. As he is leaving, he slaps Tyler on the chest once and excitedly screams in his face. Tyler salutes. Zak sits, still shaken by Salt Water’s words.
56) 2) dialog: Tyler?
56) 4) dialog: I’m scared.
56) 9) dialog: What?
56) 11) dialog: I’ve got this?
56) 14) dialog: I've got this.
56) 16) dialog: 
59) 0) text: Jacob stands in the middle of the ring on top of a chair speaking into his bullhorn. He is being circled by Samson, sweaty, still holding the barbed wire bat and wearing the gold belt. Zak stands in the darkness, just beyond the stage.
60) 3) dialog: (to himself) I did not say that.
61) 0) text: Zak's body flies through the air. He hits the mat hard. The crowd winces in pain. Samson roars. Zak tries to get up. Samson grabs Zak’s leg just as he is about to stand, flip him over, then leg drops on top of Zak, making the ring s violently. Tyler is starting to show worry on his face.
63) 0) text: Samson throws Zak toward the ropes, and then plants himse in the center of the ring. Zak bounces off the ropes and is slingshotted back toward Samson. Samson dodges Zak’s attempt at a clothesline and laughs.
63) 6) text: Zak winds up and slaps him as hard as possible. Samson isn't fazed, he grabs a florescent light bulb from sidelines and smashes himself in the head with it. Blood pours from cuts on his forehead as he laughs like a maniac and a true villain.
65) 0) text: Samson does a flying kick and sends Zak across the ring. Tyler looks on, saddened by what’s happening.
65) 7) dialog: You are not invited...
65) 12) dialog: Florida! We are in Florida! Eleanor nods. Zak turns around to the backseat. There, asleep in a hospital gown, is Tyler. The right sid his head is shaved, staples and dried blood cover the ski where his hair used to be. Eleanor smiles to herself, she is taking care of the peop she loves. Zak and Tyler are the family she chooses. Tyler looks peaceful even though his eyes are blackened a dried blood lines his nostrils. Zak smiles at Tyler, he reaches back and gently does thei secret handshake to Tyler’s limp hands. Eleanor reaches back and puts her hand on top of theirs. Tyler's eyes open the slightest amount. He lets out a sof moan and a smile cracks across his lips.