6) 47) dialog: Well, well, he smirked when Marty opened the door. If it neighborhood bootlegger, Al Capone McFly?
6) 49) dialog: Show me some respect, you little asshole. It's Special Of to you.
6) 51) dialog: Listen you little Asshole, I oughta --
6) 53) dialog: Where's your old man? Marty took a step back and pointed over his shoulder to t Biff pushed his way into the house and Marty saw he had a drill and some bits in hand. He suddenly felt sick.
6) 54) dialog: Hey McFly, what's with this cheap-ass drill you're giving burned up first time I used it! Almost ruined my whole en Marty shook his head in disgust as he sat down again at t dad immediately turned away from the TV.
6) 56) dialog: Look, McFly, I know a lot about tools. This is a cheep-as You're just lucky I didn't ruin my engine block. Next tim tools, let me know. I'll help you pick out some good ones He handed George the drill.
6) 57) dialog: Oh -- and one more thing. My kid's selling Girl Scout coo her you were good for four boxes. Don't make me a liar! George nodded quickly and Biff left, slamming the door be George turned to look at his wife, who gave at him a know sympathetic look.
28) 11) dialog: I know what I won't  be doin', he said with a smirk on hi to school! His three cronies broke out laughing.
28) 14) dialog: What are you lookin' at, asshole? Marty met Biff's glare, then turned away. Mr. Arky contin class, the confrontation unnoticed.
28) 22) dialog: Sit down, McFly, you stupid moron! I can't see!  A second later, a spitball hit George in the back of the red, George sat down. Marty whipped his head around, furious, and glared at Bif
28) 31) dialog: Hey, we got plenty of gas back here!  The class erupted into laughter once again. Marty just sh Not much later, the bell rang, ending the science class. a mad dash for the door, including Marty. He'd had enough for the day with Mr. Arky.
33) 7) dialog: Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here!  Biff Tannen stood in the doorway with his gang behind him one look at him and shuddered. Marty let his head fall in with a sigh. They had been so goddamn close!
33) 8) dialog: Well, it's gonna cost you, McFly. How much money you got George pulled out his wallet and opened it.
33) 10) dialog: Listen, asshole, he growled, it's about time I taught you Biff put a hand on his arm and at his touch, Marty spun a stool and threw his fist into Biff's face! Unprepared, Bi onto a table. Marty jumped off the stool. The cafe was de and Biff's three henchmen started to approach him. Marty time for him to leave the building and he pushed his way crowded teen hangout and onto Main Street.
34) 0) text: Marty ran down the street, hearing the pounding footsteps his gang behind him. He cast a quick look over his should them closing the gap that separated them. He was going to One of the kids on the homemade scooters sailed by, and M had an idea. He grabbed the scooter and pulled it away fr kicking the orange crate off the board with the skates on leaving a crude skateboard! Marty jumped on it and sped down the street. Biff and his in their tracks and stared at him, amazed. Likewise with had moved out of the malt shop.
34) 1) dialog: In the car! They raced to the black convertible, Biff getting behind gunned the engine, heading straight for Marty. Marty glan shoulder and saw the convertible quickly gaining on him. turn in the middle of the street and crossed before Biff' started to retrace his steps back to the malt shop. A car and Marty grabbed onto the back of it, ignoring the stunn everyone around, including Biff and his gang. Biff executed a quick U-turn and continued his pursuit of passed the malt shop, the spectators cheered.
34) 3) dialog: I'm gonna get that son of a bitch! Marty left the site, a satisfied smile on his face. Biff what he deserved. He turned onto a residential street, hi wandering as he leisurely skateboarded. About ten minutes reached an intersection next to his future home, and saw approaching the house...with George! Marty skidded to a s the board, and ducked behind some bushes to watch. George, carrying Eileen's books, was walking her to the d talking, but Marty couldn't catch any of the conversation moment, George gave Eileen her books and they shook hands like. He must've finally asked her to the dance! Marty sighed, that mission finally accomplished and dropped his board o skateboarding away from Eileen's house to the Professor's him the news. He never saw George, after Eileen had close throw his jacket down in the street and slump down in the dropping his head in his hands, dejected instead of exube
44) 5) dialog: I been lookin' for you, asshole, the bully growled in a l He shoved Marty over to Skinhead, standing nearby. Marty free, but he was no match for Biff's gang. Three against good odds.
44) 8) dialog: Look at what we have here!  His eyes traveled across her body and he saw her bra half
44) 9) dialog: Eileen -- I didn't know you were that kinda girl!
44) 11) dialog: Oh no, you don't! Before she could get anywhere, Biff grabbed her and pushe inside, then climbed in after her. He looked at his gang struggling Eileen towards him.
44) 12) dialog: Take him around back. I'll join you in a minute. His gang made no move to leave.
44) 13) dialog: Go on! This ain't no peepshow! Marty tried to get free and help his mom -- do  something helpless! As he was dragged away, he saw Biff slam the do toward Eileen to kiss her. She fought and a moment later, were her skirts and flailing arms and legs. Eileen was tr scream, but Biff -- in some way or another -- kept cuttin
47) 2) dialog: (deadly serious) I think you got the wrong car, McFly.
47) 4) dialog: (same deadly serious voice) Just close the door, McFly, a
48) 1) text: Marty was shoved back against the school wall. His head s the concrete wall and he winced. Gums and Match kept a fi him, so he couldn't get away. Across from him, Skinhead p back, ready to slam Marty in the face. Marty closed his e up, waiting for the blow. But it never came. Instead he heard footsteps and cries o from Biff's gang. He opened his eyes and saw that Reginal some friends. It was the band that was playing at the dan
49) 0) text: George stared at Biff, who stared back angrily.
49) 1) dialog: All right, McFly, I asked you politely to leave. Now I'm teach you a lesson! Biff stepped out of the car and before George could move, his right arm and twisted it back. George let out a moan started laughing, as if it was some kind of great joke. T taunted George, made him angrier and angrier. Without thinking about it, his left hand clenched into a spun around. His fist connected solidly with Biff's face, dropped from the bully's face a second before he dropped out cold! George looked at his hand, stunned, as if he couldn't bel had done such a thing. Marty reached the site just then, stop. Eileen climbed out of the car and gave George a hug her back tentatively. Marty ducked back into the shadows, to be spotted by either one of them and ruin the moment. kids from the dance were migrating toward the site now. 
50) 0) text: The band members were running off Biff's gang. As Marty a them, one of them got one last kick at Skinhead in the as spilt. 
102) 28) dialog: Yes, sir, Mr. McFly!
102) 30) dialog: I'm sorry, Champ, (getting to his feet) It won't happen a He began to walk around the yard. George closed the window and sat back down at his desk. M as he attached a suction cup that was connected by wire t that looked like a pen on his forehead. He waved the pen check and with a few electronic beeps, handwriting appear paper, spelling out, Pay to the order of the Coca Cola Co