6) 15) dialog: What drill?
6) 17) dialog: It'll turn up. Marty shook his head and went into the kitchen, sitting d mother put the food on the table. She leaned back into th INT. McFLY HOUSE - KITCHEN
6) 19) dialog: Coming, Eileen!  He makes no move to get up.
6) 21) dialog: Coming, Eileen... A moment later a commercial came on the TV and George McF up and started to roll the TV on it's stand to the dining
6) 27) dialog: How was school today? (picking up a fork and starting to Hadn't he just done this?
6) 29) dialog: Learn anything?
6) 31) dialog: Good. Dad turned his eyes back to the TV as the match resumed. down at the newspaper, examining the sports scores, and h off into space. There was complete silence, during which sportscaster did his blow-by- blow on the TV. Eventually during another commercial break.
6) 33) dialog: Eileen, Chinese food again?
6) 36) dialog: No, Chinese food is fine.
6) 40) dialog: The sunrise? What for?
6) 55) dialog: Uh -- Biff... (pointing to the bits) These are wood bits. here. You're not supposed to use them on your engine bloc
6) 58) dialog: How do you like that guy, using wood bits on an engine bl nervously) Marty couldn't take it anymore. He jumped up from the tab into the living room, grabbing his silver Porsche jacket closet.
28) 18) dialog: Well, I, uh....well.... Marty glanced at him, and did a double take. That person none other then a younger version of George McFly -- his couldn't believe it! First his mother, now this! George w shoulders slumped, hair uncombed, and an overall nerdy, w about him
28) 21) dialog: Well, I -- uh -- could you repeat the question? 
29) 0) text: George waited until most of the other students had left b gathering up his books and heading for the door. Marty se himself from the mob in the hall and stood outside the do for him. A minute later, George finally walked into the c waited a moment, then followed him, keeping his distance. When they reached a hall intersection, Marty noticed Eile the two of them, her friend Madge with her. She didn't se Marty, but her eyes locked on George and she smiled at hi
30) 0) text: Marty turned his attention to his father, watching the bo ladies shovel out a overcooked pork chop, wilted salad, a stewed tomatoes. Looks like the food isn't much better no 1982, Marty thought, amused. George didn't seem to notice forward a little, Marty could hear him muttering to himse
30) 1) dialog: Eileen, if you're free Saturday night... No... Eileen, wo to go to the dance... no... Something suddenly clicked and Marty looked at the poster now he remembered! That was the dance his parents fell in The lunch line moved slowly, but eventually both he and G through it. George looked around the crowded lunch room, someone. Marty tried to follow where his eyes were roamin moment, he realized George was staring at the table where Madge, and a few other friends of theirs were sitting. Ge deep breath, then started walking over to the table. Mart not too far behind. As George approached the table, his hands started shaking everything on his lunch tray to wobble around.
30) 2) dialog: Uh, Eileen? Eileen turned around and gave him a warm smile.
30) 4) dialog: Eileen, could I ask you something?  The creamed corn on his tray suddenly tipped over and spi
30) 5) dialog: Ooops --! Eileen smiled again, obviously not put off by it. George deep breath. 
30) 6) dialog: Uh, well, the thing is, that is, what I wanted to ask you Marty decided this was too important to miss and crept cl could hear better. Unfortunately, Eileen spotted him.
30) 8) dialog: Oh God! Excuse me, please! He started to run off, but Marty grabbed his arm.
30) 10) dialog: Huh? How did you know? Marty pushed him towards Eileen.
30) 12) dialog: Leave me alone! The gesture shocked Marty, but he shook his head. 
30) 14) dialog: Not now.... George muttered, looking around the cafeteria. People wer stare. Eileen had been watching the whole ordeal with int spoke up. 
30) 16) dialog: No! George shouted, running away, out of the cafeteria.
32) 0) text: The next day, Marty brought George to the malt shop. It w classes and all the high school students were in there, i Eileen.
32) 1) dialog: I don't know if I can go through with this! George moaned as they drew closer to the building. Marty kids on homemade scooters as they sped by them on the sid eyes followed them for a moment, the vehicles reminding h skateboards.
32) 3) dialog: Well... yeah...
32) 5) dialog: Wait a minute -- who are you, anyway? What are you doing Marty hesitated.
32) 9) dialog: What do I say?
32) 11) dialog: Oh, no! That was for the cafeteria! This is different!
32) 13) dialog: Huh?
32) 15) dialog: What is that? A pencil that writes in ink?
32) 17) dialog: Lemme see that. George plucked the pen from his hand and looked it at it
32) 18) dialog: 'Bike fine point?' 
33) 2) dialog: Gimme a strawberry malted Marty shook his head, wondering if he would ever get to E he waited for the drink, George examined the paper Marty mouthed the dialog to himself, apparently trying to memor moment later, the malt came and he took a swig of it, the an unnoticed pink moustache on his face. He turned around to approach Eileen. Finally, Marty thought. George was st feet away when Eileen looked up and spotted him.
33) 4) dialog: Uh, hi, Eileen.
33) 6) dialog: Oh -- I'm all right. Say, listen, about this dance Saturd The door to the malt shop was suddenly thrown open. 
33) 9) dialog: How much do you want, Biff? Biff crossed the room, on his way to George. As he passed stretched his leg out and tripped the bully. Biff crashed taking a chair down with him. People started to laugh, bu scowled. He didn't think it was too funny. He got to his stepped over to where Marty sat, his back to him.
36) 8) dialog: I don't want to hit you in the stomach!
36) 10) dialog: Look, Marty, I'm just not a fighter... Marty rolled his eyes. 
36) 12) dialog: But I've never picked a fight in my entire life!
36) 14) dialog: I'm going to be at the dance.
36) 16) dialog: In the parking lot, with her. Marty nodded, glad to see that he had been paying attenti
36) 18) dialog: Why?
36) 20) dialog: Why is she gonna get angry with you? Marty hesitated.
36) 22) dialog: You mean, you're gonna --
36) 25) dialog: Oh. Uh... 'Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!'  Georg really think I should swear?
36) 27) dialog: No, George, put a little emotion into it. A little hostil anger. He tried it again, this time making faces. The second pun better then the one before it.
36) 29) dialog: Maybe if I used my left....
36) 32) dialog: Anger...anger.... he muttered. He hit it, the punches coming harder and harder each time smiled, finally getting the hang of it. He pulled his fis to sock it to the bag. Unfortunately, he misjudged the di fist slammed into the tree trunk.
36) 33) dialog: Yeeeowww! God dammit! With his left fist, George attacked the bag with everythi and knocked it completely off the tree! He stared at it f time, shocked.
39) 0) text: The dance was in full swing. The band, Lester Moon and th were on stage, playing The Blue Tango. In the middle of t was a big paper-mache Eiffel Tower, around which students the Tango. George looked up at the clock in the gym. 8:59 looked at his watch. It read 8:55. Which one was right? He ran over to a student nearby. 
39) 1) dialog: What time do you have?
41) 0) text: George stood at a pay phone, quickly dialing the number f The phone rang two long times before a woman answered. WOMAN (on phone) At the tone, the time will be 9:00 exactly. Before the tone could go off, George dropped the phone an the hall. He had to get to the parking lot!
43) 0) text: George reached the front of the school doors and threw th Suddenly, he was jerked to a stop. He looked behind him a jacket had caught on the door jamb. He tried frantically loose, all the while aware of the seconds ticking by.
46) 0) text: George finally managed to get his jacket free and ran dow steps across to the parking lot.
47) 0) text: He hurried through the lot, his eyes skimming the rows of cream colored Packard. Finally, he zeroed in on it. His e he saw that Eileen and Marty were struggling inside, Eile George steadied himself, hiked up his pants, and rushed t the car. He opened the driver's side door.
47) 1) dialog: Hey, you! he said forcefully. Get your damn hands -- uh o It wasn't Marty inside with Eileen. When the guy inside t he saw with horror that it was Biff Tannen instead! An ic hit George in the chest.
49) 0) text: George stared at Biff, who stared back angrily.
102) 24) dialog: Welcome home, son!  His voice sounded a little different to Marty's ears. Mor and forceful, not nearly as meek, like it had been before
102) 25) dialog: The Professor told us what happened with the experiment - might be some side effects... lapses of memory. Marty edged closer to the desk to get a better look at th McFly. He, like the Professor, seemed different -- for th still different. Dad didn't seem to notice his scrutiny. talking.
102) 26) dialog: Your mom's got one heckuva dinner planned tonight! She's buttons all day! Marty nodded as if he understood, and as he did so, he no familiar looking figure outside the window. His eyes narr realized it was Biff, wearing a security guard uniform an lounge, appearing to be asleep. Marty's father followed h opened the window.
102) 27) dialog: Hey, Biff! What are you doing, sleeping on the job? A sec supposed to be alert! Biff smiled and sat up. 
102) 29) dialog: What am I paying you fifty cents an hour for? 
102) 32) dialog: What's it look like I'm doing, son? I'm paying the fuel b $2.00 this month -- we really oughta try to cut down. Marty continued to watch his father. George looked a litt
102) 33) dialog: What's wrong, son? You act like you've never seen a Write before. Marty pulled out his Bic pen from his pocket and looked a his head.
102) 34) dialog: Say, what have you got there? (noticing the pen for the f antique pen? Let me see that! He took it from Marty and e carefully. I haven't seen one of these in....well, this i do you fill it with ink? Marty's father flashed him a strange look, which made Mar slightly uneasy. He looked like he wanted to say somethin he did, someone knocked on the door. A second later, Eile the room.
102) 40) dialog: Hey, how's my favorite girl? She smiled.
102) 42) dialog: Why don't you two get out of here -- I'm sure you can fin better to do than watch me pay bills!  Suzy looked at her boyfriend critically.
102) 50) dialog: Nah. Couldn't be....