22) 0) text: Less then twenty minutes later, Marty was strolling down with the other townspeople, trying to look nonchalant, li always lived there. He thought he was doing a pretty good too, since no one was looking at him twice. A cop that had been walking on the other side of the stre Marty and stopped, pointing a finger at him. Hey, you! he Where do you think you're going? Marty's eyes widened and fought the urge to run. How did wondered in horror. The cop walked right for him, then, j was ready to accept defeat, he passed him and grabbed the tramp several yards behind Marty. He relaxed, letting out relief, and continued to walk down the street. After a mi started to get excited again as he looked around at the s businesses up and down the main street. There was an appliance store that advertised Giant 8 Inch with A screen as big as life itself! Across from it was a station with the price advertised at 18.9 cents a gallon. agency had a poster on how to get from L.A. to New York i hours! in it's window. There was a dance studio with a sign, Everybody's doing t the outside. Through the window, Marty could see a class clothing store with a display of the latest fashions was studio. They looked a lot more like the kind of stuff in Studebaker showroom had a sign that said it was, the most ever developed in the entire history of man. Marty chuckl stopped when he saw the next store. It was a music store. In the display window were posters America's top recording artists. Marty frowned as he stud Frank Sinatra, Guy Combardo, Dinah Shore, Perry Como. 
45) 0) text: Marty was dragged around a corner, the car vanishing from man stood at the side door, smoking something. Marty twis around and saw him about the same time the black man saw Reginald Washington, the same guy who had liked his music
49) 3) dialog: Kid's got the greatest left hook since Jo Louis! Laid 'im one punch!
57) 0) text: Hours later, Professor Brown was driving the truck down a the end of it was a huge barbed wire fence, padlocked, wi sign. U.S. Army. Restricted Area. Authorized Personal Onl The test site. The Professor nudged a dozing Marty as they approached th pulled to a stop. He had previously told Marty to leave t him, and Marty had no problem with that. He certainly did get them arrested. Almost as soon as they had stopped, an up to the truck, a rifle in hand. M.P. Where do you jokers think you're going? he asked, peering The Professor picked up some papers -- their orders -- of dashboard and handed them to the guy.