0) 0) text: The credits began to roll across the TV screen for the mo Encounters as the 3/4-inch cassette finished copying over VHS. Seventeen-year-old Marty McFly looks up from his iss Stone, where he was checking out an ad for a guitar amp. few more pirated tapes he would have enough money to buy Marty sets the magazine down and stops the tapes, rewinds takes a pen and carefully writes, Close Encounters, Origi the labels. He places the master tape in a drawer. Other bootlegged videotapes jump out at him as he does so: The Back, Stir Crazy, and  Superman II. Marty turns off the video equipment and picks up his scho with the other two videocassettes. He walks into another to the video lab. This one is much larger, filled with wo covered with electronics, chemical equipment, and dust.
0) 1) dialog: Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta he
0) 5) dialog: That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 fi got a connection with a projectionist in a first run hous be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even i
0) 8) dialog: One of these days you're gonna leave this door open and I what's in there. Professor Brown glances at him.
0) 10) dialog: Nope. The way I figure it, doors are made to be opened. S school.
0) 12) dialog: Eight thirty.
0) 14) dialog: (rolls his eyes) Pro, the sun's out!
0) 16) dialog: Jeez, for a guy with a ton of clocks, you sure don't pay to time. Professor Brown looks quickly at all the synchronized clo room.
0) 18) dialog: Catch you later! (he called over his shoulder)
2) 0) text: Marty opened the door at the end of the stairs and steppe street before the Orpheum Theater. The place had been aba before, it's windows boarded over. The marquee still spel last movie that had played there,  Assembly of Christ. Pr resided on the third floor of the structure, the only per the premises now. Marty walked down the street, headed for Wilson's Cafe. P hundred feet down the street was a black van. The sign on N.R.C. and two men were carefully putting samples of wate gutter into little test tubes. Marty glanced at them for somewhat curious. They ignored him. He reached the cafe a inside.
3) 1) dialog: Morning Dick.
3) 3) dialog: Gimme some chili, fries, and a Tab. Marty glanced down at the newspaper lying on the counter.
3) 5) dialog: (nods) Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutt his head towards the window)
3) 7) dialog: What's N.R.C.?
4) 0) text: Later that afternoon, Marty stared at the textbook page i showed a photo of a mushroom cloud with the words, Last a atomic test, March 18, 1952, Atkins, Nevada. He took his the letters M.M + S.P. on the cloud and drew and arrow th a valentine. He added at the bottom, How about the dance We'll have a BLAST! In the background his science teacher, Mr. Arky, droned o day's lecture. 
4) 9) dialog: Yeah... You want to know what I think about atomic bombs. kind of like to see one. Mr. Arky leaned forward so his face was a few inches from
4) 11) dialog: Not a holocaust -- 
4) 13) dialog: You know damn well that's not what I meant.
4) 15) dialog: Yeah, explode it up your ass!
4) 17) dialog: Hey, Mr. Arky, gimme a break! (rolling his eyes) I'm seve old! I'm not responsible for all these problems! The anger in Mr. Arky's face suddenly vanished. He sighed defeat.
5) 0) text: Ten minutes later, Marty was outside at the front of scho for a group of his friends, who were already giving other videotapes in return for cash.
5) 2) dialog: Can't man. I'm savin' up for that new amp.
5) 4) dialog: You got it! (checking his watch) I gotta go. Donaldson, one of his friends, stood next to him. He look watch.
5) 6) dialog: In the shop, so I'm sporting this antique. (lifts his lef the watch on it) Check out this wind-up action, (pointing timepiece) Donaldson looked at it with minor interest as the both of down the front steps of the school.
5) 8) dialog: Maybe tomorrow. I gotta dupe some more tapes. Donaldson snapped his fingers.
5) 10) dialog: Yeah, I can run something off this afternoon.
6) 0) text: The man and woman were really going at it now, breathing moaning. Typical sounds of sex. Marty watched for a momen his head and turned away from the porno video he was copy friend. Twisting the volume down as the couple started to noisy, he fished some cash out of his pocket and placed i box where he was storing all the money he was saving to u new amp. He got up from his chair and walked out of the r Professor Brown's lab. The Professor was lying on his cot, asleep, with a heavy covering him. Marty walked quietly over to the refrigerat it, taking out a bottle of Coke. As he was pulling the so his hand accidentally bumped against an orange lying besi he had a chance to catch it, it bounced out of the fridge across the floor, vanishing under the cot. Marty set down the Coke on top of the fridge and bent dow the orange up. He pushed aside the blanket and saw a crat radioactive emblems on it. Marty frowned as he read the l Danger! Radioactive Plutonium! Authorized Personal Only! Without Radiation Suit. Near the bottom were the words, P Onofre Nuclear Power Plant, San Onofre, California. Right next to the word California was the orange. Taking Marty stood up and kicked the orange out from under the c right foot. He slowly backed away, his eyes on the crate, picking the orange up and tossing it into the trash can n refrigerator. Marty glanced at the Professor, relieved to hadn't woken up. Trying to forget what he had seen, Marty picked the Coke twisted the cap off, taking a quick swig from it before w a cage with an organ-grinder monkey in it.
6) 1) dialog: Hey, Shemp. (softly) How ya doin'? The monkey gazed back at him with dark eyes. Marty unlatc door and let the animal out. Shemp quickly climbed up his on his shoulder. Marty crossed the room, over to the tabl power converter was still set up, resting on some old blu leaned over for a closer look at those. The top blueprint was for something called, Photo-Electri Power Converter. The sketch on the blueprint matched the converter that the Professor had been messing with earlie flipped that blueprint back to look at the others one-by- Mechanical Home Butler. It looked like some kind of robot a weird-looking flying car. And a Write-O-Matic, which lo pen with a suction cup at the end of an attached wire. Marty let the blueprints flip back and stared at the powe The last few rays of the afternoon sunlight filtered thro skylight and shone down on the photo-cell. Marty looked c noticed a funnel shaped thingy jutting out of the chemica looked at it for a moment, temptation building, then reac poured some of the Coke in the funnel. He hadn't even pulled his arm back when a bright spark sh opposite end of the device, making a loud cracking noise. several feet away, his heart pounding, almost dropping th his hand.
6) 3) dialog: Well, I'm not sure exactly -- I accidentally spilled some (pointing to the funnel) Just a drop! The Professor quickly hooked up the voltmeter and light b converter.
6) 6) dialog: Nobody knows the formula for Coca-Cola. It's the most clo secret in the world! The Professor was silent for a moment, his gaze far away. picked the power converter up and walked across the room, key ring from his pocket. 
6) 8) dialog: Who stole my drill? (yelling out the door) Marty's mom shouted a reply.
6) 10) dialog: Anybody seen the drill? Dad continued to stare at the TV, ignoring or not hearing Eileen McFly looked into the living room from the kitchen
6) 12) dialog: I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I got How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice? Mom shook her head. Once, a long time ago, she had been q attractive. Now, at the age of 47, it was easy to see the taken. Her brown hair was streaked with grey and her face lined with wrinkles. Both of Marty's parents hadn't aged gracefully.
6) 14) dialog: Dad, you seen the drill?
6) 16) dialog: The drill! (exasperated) The power drill I bought you for was using it last night. Dad didn't move his gaze from the TV.
6) 23) dialog: Fine.
6) 25) dialog: Oh yeah.
6) 28) dialog: Fine..
6) 30) dialog: Oh yeah.
6) 35) dialog: That means he'll have to pick up the phone, Ma. As expected, his dad backed down.
6) 37) dialog: Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm tak Parker.
6) 39) dialog: And I probably won't be here when you wake up Sunday morn I are gonna go down to the lake and watch the sunrise. His dad looked away long enough from the TV to frown at h
6) 41) dialog: Jeez, what do you think? To see it! His dad turned away to the TV, the look on his face puzzl Unfortunately, his mom was not as easily distracted.
6) 43) dialog: Mom, how else are we gonna see the sunrise?
6) 45) dialog: Hey, Ma, gimme a break. Before they could discuss the subject any further, there pounding on the back door. 
6) 48) dialog: What do you want, Biff?
6) 50) dialog: (mumbles) The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be t million dollars... What's the matter, Biff, they're not s respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what is keeping the criminal element away from the country clu
6) 52) dialog: What do you want, Biff? 
7) 1) dialog: ...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! P over him and he never fights back, never stands up for hi
7) 3) dialog: Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve t mom. Suzy didn't say anything for a few moments. 
7) 5) dialog: No way!
7) 7) dialog: Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen h told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday, he add afraid something is going to happen.
7) 10) dialog: Just like riding a bike -- you never forget how to do it.
8) 2) dialog: Thanks. Marty said softly, leaning forward and kissing her. Suzy smiled and walked to her door.
8) 5) dialog: What's this all about?
8) 8) dialog: What, am I radioactive or something? 
8) 11) dialog: (frowning at them) No...
8) 13) dialog: Home, school, here... (shrugs)
8) 15) dialog: Where?
8) 17) dialog: No. Reese finally handed him back his wallet. 
8) 19) dialog: Yeah, (jamming his wallet back into his pocket) Right. The two men got back into their car and drove off. Marty moment, then sprinted the other way down the street!
9) 0) text: Marty ran through the streets all the way to the Orpheum street was deserted, save for a newspaper blowing down in Reaching the door to the upstairs of the dilapidated buil took hold of the knob and turned it. It resisted and he t hoping it was stuck. He juggled it around but it didn't b about it. It was locked. Marty took a step back and looke third floor. A moment later the quiet of the night was shattered by al third floor windows being blown out by a huge gush of air gasped, ducking his head as shreds of glass rained down. he tried the door again, but it was still locked. After weighing the pros and cons of the matter, Marty bro window in the door and reached around to unlock it himsel
10) 0) text: Once inside, he ran up the steps to the lab. The first th was that the mysterious door with all the locks was compl locked! A crack of light shone brightly under the bottom Marty opened it up and stepped inside. He blinked, wonder seeing right. Professor Brown was standing next to what looked like a o hot water heater thrown together with some boiler room pa one hand on a rope attached to a metal lever and was mess dials and gauges with the other hand. Shemp, wearing his outfit, sat on a stool, a digital watch on a cord around kind of long tube with lenses in it was pointed at him.
10) 1) dialog: Professor!  The Professor looked up, startled.
10) 3) dialog: But Professor --
10) 5) dialog: Jesus!! Professor, you just disintegrated Shemp! Professor Brown shook his head, a smile playing around hi
10) 7) dialog: Then where the hell is he?
10) 9) dialog: The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?!
10) 11) dialog: Now hold on a minute, Professor! Hold the phone. Are you me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's For some reason, he couldn't get the words out.
10) 14) dialog: A time machine! Because of that Coke?!
10) 17) dialog: I thought that power converter thing operated on solar en no sun, (pointing to the ceiling and walls) Not only was it night out, but all the windows had heavy over them.
10) 19) dialog: The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professo you get that stuff?
10) 24) dialog: Shemp! Professor Brown walked calmly over to the animal and pick quickly looked him over, the monkey squirming to get free examined the watch around his neck. He held it up for Mar 9:00:10. Marty checked the clock on the wall. 9:02:10.
10) 26) dialog: Is Shemp all right? Professor Brown set the monkey down on the ground he quic the other side of the room.
10) 28) dialog: Professor, can this thing send Shemp back in time? The Professor thought about that for a moment.
10) 30) dialog: Jeez, Professor, you've got a gold mine here! The Professor frowned, as if he didn't understand. 
10) 32) dialog: Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's p He grabbed an newspaper from earlier that day at a nearby quickly flipped through to the sports scores.
10) 33) dialog: Here they are. We send 'em with Shemp back to yesterday, information, put our money on the winning horses, and bec billionaires! Professor Brown started to shake his head.
10) 35) dialog: So what? We'd be rich!
10) 37) dialog: All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money.
10) 39) dialog: Sure, he agreed quickly. The Professor left the room for a moment, saying somethin cassette recorder. Marty waited for a second, then quickl racing results off the sports page and circled the date w had been in his pocket. He went over to Shemp, stuffed th the pocket on his vest, then glanced out the door. The Pr rifling through the papers on his desk, his back to the d rushed over to the polarity switch and yanked the lever t sign. A couple seconds later, Professor Brown returned, a cassette recorder in hand. He locked the door, then hande to Marty.
10) 43) dialog: Radiation level, 10 rads. Marty said looking at the meter, holding the microphone i up to his mouth as he spoke.
10) 44) dialog: Stabilization coefficient, .43. 16 rads coefficient .44. 51 rads, .46. 73 rads, .47... Marty heard a loud noise from behind him and spun around locked door kicked open. The dust hadn't even cleared bef realized it was the N.R.C. agents, Reese and Foley. Behin a huge throng of police and other official people. The ag into the room with .38 guns drawn.
10) 50) dialog: Professor!  Marty yelled, finally finding his voice. He whipped his h the meter. 
10) 51) dialog: Oh my God! Release the rope! It's 4200 rads! Reese stared at him, shaking his head. It was too noisy i Marty to be heard. 
10) 53) dialog: Pro! Release the rope!  It was so noisy he could hardly hear his own voice! Reese head again. Marty started for the Professor himself. Fole gun on him.
11) 0) text: Professor? Marty asked, straining his eyes in the darknes see something, anything. But everything was completely an black.
11) 1) dialog: Hello? (listening hard for any sound) After a moment, Marty reached into his pocket and pulled matchbook. He ripped a match free and struck it against t Marty held it up as it lit, looking around the room. It l was in some kind of storeroom. Marty took a step forward, running into an old broken chair. He dodged it last minut slowly around the room, trying to figure out where the he Dusty furniture and crates littered the room. The match was starting to burn Marty's fingers and he dro fumbling to light another. He walked towards the door, ha nagging feeling that something was strangely out of place hell am I? he wondered. Marty reached for the doorknob an turning it. Locked.
11) 2) dialog: Damn! He looked around for a way out. Marty spotted a window an it, holding his breath as he tried to slide it open. It s carefully climbed outside on to a fire escape. He scrambl unstable structure and dropped to the alley below.
12) 0) text: Just as his feet scraped the pavement, Marty noticed a pa headlights approaching him, fast. He stood there for a mi in the beams, then jumped back and pressed himself agains the building. The truck sped by, missing him by inches! Marty let out a loud sigh of relief as he watched the tru then noticed the sign on the door that he was right next Cafe, Rear Entrance, it said. Marty tried the door, expec locked. But the knob turned freely in his hand. Strange. he could remember the back door had been locked. Marty stepped inside.
12) 1) dialog: Hey, since when are you open at...  He started to say, then stopped when he got a good look a couldn't be Wilson's Cafe! Everything in the room looked brand new...but at the same Dick wasn't behind the counter a woman of maybe thirty wa looked up at the menu and gasped.
12) 2) dialog: Since when were roast beef sandwiches 30 cents, and an ic 15 cents?  He tore his eyes off the prices long enough to notice the did he notice them! All the men were in double-breasted s hats. And not baseball caps, either! Marty noticed all th in skirts -- long skirts. Not one was in any type of pant And the way people had their hair done.... Those styles w ago! A chubby five-year-old boy, dressed in pajamas, was playi floor with some trucks. Marty almost tripped over him as slowly around, his mouth open with amazement, gazing at e After a moment he realized the woman behind the counter w him, a suspicious look on her face. You want something, k leaning forward across the counter. Marty hesitated for a moment, then sat down. He decided h blend in as much as he could. The silver Porsche jacket a had on was causing way too many stares. 
12) 3) dialog: Uh, yeah... Gimme a Tab.
12) 5) dialog: A Tab. The waitress rolled her eyes.
12) 7) dialog: Uh, coffee. She reached over and poured him a cup.
12) 9) dialog: Huh? (noticing a bowl of sugar cubes on the counter) Say, any Sweet 'N Low? The waitress stared at him.
12) 11) dialog: Sure,. Marty said with a shrug. He reached for his wallet and to twenty dollar bill, holding it out to the waitress. Her e and her mouth dropped open.
12) 13) dialog: Look, maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around?
12) 15) dialog: Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place.
12) 17) dialog: What happened to Dick Wilson?
12) 19) dialog: What are you trying to do? Freak me out, or something?
12) 22) dialog: Haven't you ever heard of designer labels? (glaring at hi He heard soft footsteps from behind the counter and saw t five-year-old run up to the woman.
12) 25) dialog: Dickie? That's Dick Wilson? The waitress nodded.
12) 27) dialog: 1952? (voice rising) This is 1952?! Holy shit! You know w means? I've gone back in time thirty years! Thirty Goddam haven't even been born yet! The waitress took one look at him and reached for a phone
13) 0) text: Monroe Avenue, once full of old, rotting buildings, was n thriving business district! Cars from the '40's and '50's down the streets. People were everywhere, walking along t stopping in the shops. Marty was so shocked to see what h he didn't notice the strange, suspicious looks the towspe flashing at him, or the drivers honking at him as they sw hitting him. He turned and noticed the Orpheum Theater. It, too, had c had it! The marquee was lit up with the words: John Wayne O'Hara -- The Quiet Man. In Full Color! People streamed i from the looks of the place, it was a first class movie t
13) 1) dialog: Dammit!  He noticed a man walking by with a newspaper in hand. Mar him and snatched the paper away, ignoring the owner's pro scanned the front page for the date. March 11, 1952.
13) 2) dialog: 1952! God dammit! Marty threw the paper down on the sidewalk and ran down t stopped beside an old car and checked out the license pla the fact it looked nothing like the plates he was used to
13) 4) dialog: 1952! Dammit! Marty ran off again, noticing a phone booth. It was empty stopped.
14) 0) text: Marty went inside and grabbed the phone book. He frantica through the pages, to the listings of Browns. After a min located it and ran his finger down the column to: Brown, W. Spruce. Madison 3489. Marty pulled the Bic pen out fro and circled the line. Then he reached into his pocket aga out all the change he had. One nickel and three pennies.
14) 1) dialog: Dammit! Marty picked up the receiver anyway and dialed zero.
14) 3) dialog: Operator! Listen, this is an emergency! I have to make th don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you got
14) 6) dialog: What? 
14) 8) dialog: Oh -- right! Uh, Madison 3489.
14) 11) dialog: Operator, what's today's date?
14) 13) dialog: What year?
14) 15) dialog: Dammit!  He slammed the receiver down and ripped the page out of t stuffing it in his pocket. Then he got out of the phone b down the street. EXT. McFLY/BAINES HOUSE Marty didn't know how long he had been running before he on a residential street. It looked vaguely familiar, but exhausted by the recent events to figure out why. He lean mailbox, trying to catch his breath, when he happened to the numbers on it. 777. Marty spun around and stared at t
14) 16) dialog: My house! It looked like his house. It was! But there were some wei like the trees not being as tall, different curtains, and in the driveway. Marty watched as the front door opened a pushed the screen door open to let out a dog. Marty gaspe was his mother!
14) 17) dialog: Mom! Marty raced to the front door. She didn't notice him and Marty ran up the steps and pounded on the front door.
14) 18) dialog: Mom! Open up! It's me! After a few seconds the door opened and his mom stood in She stared at Marty without a shred of recognition.
14) 19) dialog: Mom, thank God! Thank God you're here! His mother stared at him blankly.
14) 21) dialog: Mom! It's me! Marty! Don't you know your own son! Mom started to close the door, her expression uneasy. 
14) 23) dialog: No -- no -- it's not! (panting) It's not! A man smoking a pipe approached Marty's mother from behin
14) 25) dialog: Stella!? No! Don't tell me you're Stella! Tell me you're tell me you're Eileen! In the background, Marty saw a teenage girl come down the She heard the last part of the conversation and went over pushing her way past the woman. 
14) 27) dialog: How old are you?
15) 0) text: Marty smelled something funny. He made a face and turned the smell followed him. He slowly opened his eyes and loo the face of someone he knew. It looked a lot like him, on look as old. Then Marty remembered -- he was in 1952!
15) 1) dialog: Professor? Professor Brown?  
15) 3) dialog: Professor, you time machine works! It works! It sent me b I'm from 1982!
15) 7) dialog: Marty.
15) 12) dialog: Yes, sir.
15) 15) dialog: Uh, thanks... Eileen held up the jacket and gave it a quizzical look.
15) 17) dialog: It's polyester.
15) 21) dialog: Huh?
16) 1) dialog: ...and the flux capacitor is hooked into this thing that condenser with a lense on it...  Marty was saying as Professor Brown stopped the car. He l house for the first time and let out a low whistle as the of the car. Even in the dark, Marty was able to see how f
17) 1) dialog: Jeez -- this is where you used to live, huh? You must hav
17) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah. They started to walk up the drive to the front door.
17) 4) dialog: Well, there's a mall here now -- I mean, there will be.
17) 6) dialog: Yeah, a shopping mall. You know, a shopping mall? Professor Brown held his hands up and shook his head. 
18) 2) dialog: No. Professor Brown walked across the room and into another o appeared to be a study. Bookshelves lined the walls, fill volumes. On the desk in the center of the room, Marty rec models of that one robot and flying car he had seen plans future. The Professor watched Marty as he glanced about t he had to shake his head again. No time machine. The Professor crossed the room, over to a door at the far study. He pulled out a key and unlocked it, pushing it op switched a light on inside and gestured for Marty to come only had to glance at the room for a second before recogn machine. It looked a little less run down, cleaner and sh was the time machine nonetheless. This is it! Professor Brown placed the key back in his pocket and loo Marty.
18) 4) dialog: You didn't, Professor. It was an accident! You see, what
18) 6) dialog: I can dig that. Professor Brown gave him a strange, puzzled look. 
18) 8) dialog: Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... behind -- I agree with you. The phone rang in the study. The Professor left the room machine to answer it. Marty followed him and checked out the desk while the Professor picked up the phone on the t didn't mean to listen on the conversation, but it was kin to.
18) 15) dialog: The power converter...
18) 17) dialog: Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? Yo changing the course of history and all....
18) 19) dialog: Sure, and there won't be any problem getting some -- Gett He stopped. He had almost blurted it out.  The Professor walked over to a bar and pulled a glass bot out of the cabinet. 
18) 21) dialog: (stunned) How did you know?
18) 24) dialog: Professor. Well, not exactly, Professor. You see, we don' the sun.
18) 26) dialog: No... Marty took a deep breath. He had gone this far. He might the way.
18) 27) dialog: We need a nuclear reactor. Professor Brown choked on his drink.
18) 33) dialog: I wouldn't worry about 'em, Professor. A minute passed while the tape replayed. 
18) 35) dialog: That's just great! Marty still tried to get that Coke bottle open. It was li welded on there!
18) 38) dialog: How do you open these? The Professor took the bottle from his hand and picked up opener lying nearby. A second later he handed it back, no top. Marty looked down at the Coke in his hand, then up a Professor.
18) 39) dialog: It doesn't look good, does it, Professor? Professor Brown shook his head.
19) 0) text: Early the next morning, Professor Brown walked down the h room he had given Marty McFly late the night before. He s listened carefully, hearing no sound from the other side. minute he reached for the doorknob and turned it. The Pro the door open a couple of inches, sticking his head aroun the door to peer inside. The shades were wide open, the first rays of sunlight sla the room over to the bed. Marty was lying on top of the q his back, one arm hanging over the side of the bed, still in his 1982 clothes. His eyes were closed and he appeared The Professor studied him for a moment, then slowly stepp room and crept across to the table next to the bed, where Radio rested and the small cassette recorder. He had come closer look at the future object. Professor Brown carefully picked the recorder up and exam finger accidentally hit the play button and a loud burst conversation came out. The Professor swore under his brea fumbled for the stop button. His eyes flew to Marty as he the recorder on the table again. Marty let out a deep sig closed, and rolled over. Professor Brown waited a moment, to make sure Marty wasn' awaken. He listened to his slow, deep breathing for a sec quickly crossed the room to the door. The Professor eased continued down the hall. He had to get to the University the information about nuclear physics. Hopefully, there w answer to send Marty back to the future. Marty felt warm sunlight on his face. He threw an arm acr closed eyes to block it out, along with the memories. Pie night before came back to him, being in 1952. Maybe, Mart was just a dream. All I have to do is open my eyes and I it was all part of some bizarre dream.... He sighed as his eyes focused on his surroundings. It was He was lying on the bed in the room that Professor Brown the night before. He was still in 1952. Marty reached over and clicked on the old radio by the be of habit. He waited a few seconds, expecting to hear some nothing came on. He hit it a few times, wondering if it w Only a minute later did sound slowly come on, and it was Marty made a face as he rolled over and twisted the tunin skimming the different stations for something better.  No even remotely resembled any type of rock 'n roll came on. the radio off, shaking his head in disgust. He got off the bed and left his room, wandering downstair kitchen. He opened a cabinet and found a coffee pot. As h it out of the cabinet, it slipped from his hands and cras hardwood floor, separating into different pieces. Marty s down, trying to get it back together. After a minute, he set it aside. Marty turned to the refrigerator and pulled it open. He f bottle of milk and took off the little piece of foil at t a glass off the counter, he set it on the kitchen table a the bottle to pour some milk in the glass. Nothing came o it up and looked down the neck, noticing a cardboard plug milk in. He stuck a couple fingers down there, trying to but he couldn't get ahold of it! With a sigh of annoyance finally just pushed his fingers through the cardboard and milk in the glass. After pulling the bottle back in the refrigerator, Marty the kitchen table to drink his milk. He noticed some maga newspapers spread out and lifted a couple of them up for The issue of Time had a cover story titled, The Republica Win in '52? Photos of the men involved were splashed on t Marty stared at it for a moment.
19) 1) dialog: Eisenhower... He picked up a  Newsweek. Will We Have War With Russia Th cover asked in big bold letters.
19) 2) dialog: No... He took a look at the local newspaper. Crime Rate Continu the headline screamed. Marty shook his head and noticed a Evening Post lying nearby. A picture of some high school on the cover with the words, What's Wrong With the Younge He laughed and flipped the magazine over. An ad for Van H had Ronald Regan in it. Jesus, Marty muttered when he saw it, shaking his head ag doorbell rang. Marty looked up from the periodicals, unea seated, remembering the Professor's instructions from the The bell rang again and Marty got up from the table and w through the dining room and living room to the front door few feet away from it, staring hard at the wood and feeli The doorbell rang for a third time. What if it was someon What if someone was hurt and needed to use the phone? Wou a bad thing, then, if he answered the door? Aw, what the hell, he thought. Marty stepped forward and door.
19) 5) dialog: You were ringing the doorbell!  Marty took a step back as the Professor walked inside.
19) 7) dialog: What if you lost your keys?
19) 9) dialog: Hey, look, gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! gonna change history?
19) 11) dialog: Hey, get off my case, would you? I didn't want to come he only reason I'm here in the first place is because I was helping you out. So don't tell me I gotta stay cooped up vege out, because none of this is my fault! Professor Brown appeared unaffected by the speech. 
19) 13) dialog: (sighs) Okay, Professor, I get where you're coming from. look, the way I'm dressed... (looking down at his silver jacket) I'd stick out like a sore thumb. Professor Brown nodded, looking relieved.
20) 0) text: Half an hour later, Marty was ready. He'd finished his br then had a shower, changing into some of the Professor's instead of his own from 1982. He had slicked his hair bac seen the men doing so in some of those magazines and was explore the town. After all, Professor Brown had said the couldn't go out was because of the way he looked, more or that he looked like a resident of 1952, Marty saw no prob the house.
22) 0) text: Less then twenty minutes later, Marty was strolling down with the other townspeople, trying to look nonchalant, li always lived there. He thought he was doing a pretty good too, since no one was looking at him twice. A cop that had been walking on the other side of the stre Marty and stopped, pointing a finger at him. Hey, you! he Where do you think you're going? Marty's eyes widened and fought the urge to run. How did wondered in horror. The cop walked right for him, then, j was ready to accept defeat, he passed him and grabbed the tramp several yards behind Marty. He relaxed, letting out relief, and continued to walk down the street. After a mi started to get excited again as he looked around at the s businesses up and down the main street. There was an appliance store that advertised Giant 8 Inch with A screen as big as life itself! Across from it was a station with the price advertised at 18.9 cents a gallon. agency had a poster on how to get from L.A. to New York i hours! in it's window. There was a dance studio with a sign, Everybody's doing t the outside. Through the window, Marty could see a class clothing store with a display of the latest fashions was studio. They looked a lot more like the kind of stuff in Studebaker showroom had a sign that said it was, the most ever developed in the entire history of man. Marty chuckl stopped when he saw the next store. It was a music store. In the display window were posters America's top recording artists. Marty frowned as he stud Frank Sinatra, Guy Combardo, Dinah Shore, Perry Como. 
22) 1) dialog: Are they kidding? He decided to go inside and find out.
23) 0) text: On the counter was the current number one single, Papa Lo Perry Como. Marty made a face as he examined it. He sudde the clerk was standing beside him.
23) 2) dialog: This... is the number one single?
23) 4) dialog: I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll?
23) 6) dialog: This is 1952....?
23) 8) dialog: And you never heard of rock 'n roll?
23) 10) dialog: Well, maybe it's time you did.
24) 0) text: He quickly left the store and headed for a pawnshop he ha the outskirts of town. There was a guitar in the window, dollars. After studying it for a moment, Marty went insid Pawnbroker what he wanted. The man took the guitar down a to the cash register and Marty trailed after him. That'll be five bucks, he said, setting the guitar on the Marty reached for his wallet and pulled out the same twen he had tried using at the cafe the night before. The Pawn to ring the purchase up, then took a closer look at the m
24) 2) dialog: Huh? The Pawnbroker held the money out and pointed to somethin
24) 3) dialog: It says '1977' on it. What do you take me for, an idiot? He handed the bill back to Marty. Marty looked at it and realized his mistake. He had used money that hadn't even yet!
24) 4) dialog: Oh -- yeah. His mind was racing for a explanation to give the guy tha too illegal. It wouldn't do for him to get arrested as a
24) 5) dialog: I can't believe I did that. That's a joke. My friend had up -- see that's his name there... Blumenthal. The Pawnbroker continued to watch him suspiciously. It di he was buying it. Marty dug around in his wallet, but of didn't have any thirty-year-old bills with him.
24) 6) dialog: Gee - I don't seem to have anything on me. He put his wallet away and as he did so, the watch Profes lending him caught his eye. 
24) 7) dialog: Hey, how about this watch? (holding up his left wrist) It antique! He slipped the watch off and handed it to the Pawnbroker. examined it. 
24) 9) dialog: Yeah, I've been doing a lotta travelling.
24) 12) dialog: Not commercial? Mister, don't you know what you're listen is rock 'n roll! The agent shook his head as he heaved his body out of the
24) 14) dialog: But you don't understand --
24) 17) dialog: At least one person had recognized rock'n roll for what i you?
24) 20) dialog: Marty Mc - Marty Lewis.
24) 22) dialog: This is great! Right on, brother! Reginald gave him a strange look.
25) 0) text: That evening, Marty stood before the mirror in the bedroo Brown was letting him use. He had changed back into his 1 and was practicing the guitar, making sure he looked good doing it for close to fifteen minutes when he heard the f and slam shut. Stopping in mid-note, Marty hastily placed the guitar in the room. He ran his fingers through his hair, mussing it to the illusion that he had spent the whole day lying aro On his way out the door, he grabbed the business card off Reginald had given him earlier that day and stuffed it in jacket, draped over a chair. Marty ran down the stairs and saw Professor Brown pouring drink. He looked up as Marty came in the room, a scowl on a split second, Marty worried that he might have found ou trip into town.
25) 3) dialog: Professor, be serious, would you?
25) 5) dialog: You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and t machine in a matter of seconds!
25) 8) dialog: Oh -- nothin'. I thought I left the water running. The Professor's eyes zeroed in on the guitar in the corne He stepped over for a closer look before Marty could stop
25) 10) dialog: Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet.
25) 12) dialog: Well, it was there.
26) 0) text: Late the next morning, Marty stirred and opened his eyes. another bright, sunny day outside. He smiled slowly, thin audition a few days away, and crawled out of bed. The hou with the Professor at work. Marty went downstairs and into the kitchen. Professor Bro the coffee pot on and he cheerfully poured himself a cup, the refrigerator and pulled out the new bottle of milk. H stopper out in a matter of seconds, without breaking it, added the milk to the black coffee, he started to sing.
26) 1) dialog: So you wanna be a rock 'n roll star...  The doorbell rang before he could get any further with th rolled his eyes and set the milk down. He was going to ha through this again? Marty left the kitchen and headed for door. He shook his head as he reached for the knob.
26) 4) dialog: Uh, hi.... Eileen, his mother jumped in. Marty gave another weak smi hard for him to say her name.
26) 5) dialog: Right. Eileen. The smile faded from Eileen's face. 
26) 7) dialog: (mumbles) How could I forget? (to Eileen) Oh, sure, I rem
26) 9) dialog: Oh, I'm feeling much better now. The smile returned to Eileen's face.
26) 11) dialog: Actually, it looks like I'm gonna be stuck here for awhil Eileen's smile grew wider. 
26) 13) dialog: School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I with everybody else, couldn't I? Eileen blinked, puzzled.
26) 14) dialog: What time does school start around here?
26) 16) dialog: Yeah. Maybe so. Eileen flashed another smile at him, then turned and hurr walk. Marty shut the door and headed for the upstairs.
27) 0) text: Not much later, Marty walked up the steps of his future h amazed at the change. The grafitti was gone from the buil the broken windows and overall run-down worn-in look the before -- or would later. All the tall trees on campus we smaller, maybe half the size they were in 1982. The bell reached the door, a notebook in hand, and students stream hallways. Marty stared openly at his classmates. They all looked li an old movie, with the hair and clothes, the way they act walked through the hall and passed an open door. The clas familiar and he stopped, looking inside.
28) 0) text: After a moment of hesitation, Marty walked inside. Yeah, in it before! But everything looked a lot different -- ne chalkboards were black, not green. He went over to the de be his in thirty years and ran a hand across the smooth, devoid of any marks or carvings. You there! he heard someone yell. Someone familiar.... 
28) 2) dialog: Mr. Arky?  Marty asked, blinking a few times to make sure he wasn't He wasn't.
28) 4) dialog: Uh -- yeah. I'm new here, and I'm supposed to be in this Mr. Arky nodded. 
28) 6) dialog: Marty. Marty Lewis. Marty watched the girl in the seat next to him, his eyes old fountain pen she was filling with ink. He couldn't be Where were the pens he was used to? In the background, Mr. Arky continued with the day's lect listened to him with half an ear, not paying much attenti
28) 17) dialog: (muttering) Oh shit...! A few kids turned their heads to stare at him, shocked at including Biff. Marty hardly had a chance to notice that student in front of him started to speak.
28) 19) dialog: Jesus Christ! Dad! The entire class now stared at Marty. Mr. Arky ignored it could.
28) 23) dialog: Hey, lay off! Biff glared back at him, his eyes narrowed in slits of ha
28) 26) dialog: Who, me?
28) 28) dialog: Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going tw hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lo Like, what if we run out?
29) 0) text: George waited until most of the other students had left b gathering up his books and heading for the door. Marty se himself from the mob in the hall and stood outside the do for him. A minute later, George finally walked into the c waited a moment, then followed him, keeping his distance. When they reached a hall intersection, Marty noticed Eile the two of them, her friend Madge with her. She didn't se Marty, but her eyes locked on George and she smiled at hi
30) 0) text: Marty turned his attention to his father, watching the bo ladies shovel out a overcooked pork chop, wilted salad, a stewed tomatoes. Looks like the food isn't much better no 1982, Marty thought, amused. George didn't seem to notice forward a little, Marty could hear him muttering to himse
30) 9) dialog: Wait a minute -- aren't you gonna ask her to the dance? T was supposed to have happened, wasn't it? George stared at him. 
30) 11) dialog: Go ahead, George. Ask her. George shoved his arms away. 
30) 13) dialog: You've gotta ask her to the dance!
30) 17) dialog: George! Wait! Get back here! You're not supposed to run o happen that way! George didn't look back. Marty threw his hands up in the helplessly.
30) 18) dialog: Oh, God, this is all wrong! Eileen stared at him with concern. 
30) 20) dialog: George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance!
30) 22) dialog: But he does! Don't you see? By the blank expression on Eileen's face, it was obvious didn't. Marty quickly explained: 
30) 23) dialog: He comes out of the cafeteria line, he's nervous, he spil and he asks you to the dance!
30) 25) dialog: I know.
31) 2) dialog: I didn't mean to do it -- it was an accident! Professor Brown shook his head.
31) 4) dialog: Look, it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do i together and make sure my old man asks her out!
31) 6) dialog: Well, maybe everything is a little worse then I first tho realized.
32) 0) text: The next day, Marty brought George to the malt shop. It w classes and all the high school students were in there, i Eileen.
32) 2) dialog: George, she's beautiful, right? She's nice, she's decent, kind of girl you'd like to marry, right? And there's noth world you'd like more than to take her to that dance, rig
32) 4) dialog: Okay, then! Suddenly, George stopped, turned and faced him, his eyes suspiciously. 
32) 6) dialog: Let's just say I have a vested interest in you and Eileen dance, all right? Look, (pointing though the window of th There she is... Eileen was sitting at a table with Madge and some other g having ice cream sodas and talking.
32) 8) dialog: Go in there and invite her. Marty nudging George in the direction of the doors, but G put.
32) 10) dialog: Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria. George shook his head quickly. 
32) 12) dialog: Christ, it's a miracle I was even born! (mutters under hi rolling his eyes)
32) 14) dialog: Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay?  Marty took the notebook George had in his hands and rippe He pulled his pen out and started jotting down some helpf George stared at the pen as he wrote.
32) 16) dialog: It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh?
32) 19) dialog: Bic... It's a Bic pen. George frowned. How do you fill it with ink?
32) 20) dialog: Fill it with ink? You don't fill it -- oh come on, George
33) 0) text: He pushed him into the malt shop, tired of the procrastin as they entered, Marty steered him in the direction of Ei and handed him the paper he had written on.
33) 1) dialog: There she is, he said in a low voice. Just go and ask her sitting right here. Marty takes an empty seat at the counter. George looked a then over at Eileen. He took a deep breath and stepped fo suddenly veered back to the counter.
34) 0) text: Marty ran down the street, hearing the pounding footsteps his gang behind him. He cast a quick look over his should them closing the gap that separated them. He was going to One of the kids on the homemade scooters sailed by, and M had an idea. He grabbed the scooter and pulled it away fr kicking the orange crate off the board with the skates on leaving a crude skateboard! Marty jumped on it and sped down the street. Biff and his in their tracks and stared at him, amazed. Likewise with had moved out of the malt shop.
35) 0) text: That evening, Marty lay on his bed, staring at the ceilin thought. Eventually, he reached into his jacket pocket an the business card from Reginald. Marty looked at it for a time...then shredded it into tiny scraps. He pushed himse and let the papers fall into the trash can. Then he pulle crumpled textbook page and went downstairs with it, headi study. Professor Brown was seated at the desk, his back to the d over something. As Marty entered, he made a quick movemen was trying to hide the fact he had been listening to the recorder again, the gunshot portion. Marty didn't notice, in his own problems.
35) 1) dialog: Professor, you were right about everything. I don't belon almost screwed up my existence again today while I was tr back together, and I've had enough. I want to go back to Marty handed him the textbook page, pointing at the capti photograph. The frown on the Professor's face changed to his eyes lit up. 
35) 3) dialog: I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book Professor Brown looked at it more closely. 
35) 5) dialog: Believe me, Professor, running around on a nuclear test s any more dangerous than what I've been doing. The Professor stared at him a moment, then nodded. 
35) 10) dialog: But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! her home! Oh, God! 
35) 12) dialog: But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry t
35) 14) dialog: (swallowing hard) Are you trying to tell me that my mothe hots for me? The Professor thought about that for a moment.
35) 16) dialog: Jesus!  Marty sat down in a nearby chair.
35) 17) dialog: What are we gonna do?
36) 0) text: Marty stepped into the malt shop the next day, his eyes o Madge, both sitting at the same table as they were the da again talking and drinking ice cream sodas. He crossed th down with them, to Eileen's delight.
36) 1) dialog: How ya doing, Eileen? Eileen smiled. She and her friend exchanged a glance.
36) 3) dialog: Listen, (hands under the table) Professor Brown told me y night and gave me your message... He carefully taped the micro-cassette recorder to the bot table and pressed the record button. Neither girl seemed anything. 
36) 4) dialog: ...and if you're still available, I'd like to take you to Saturday night, so I'll pick you up around 8:30, okay? Eileen smiled and nodded as Marty stood up to leave. 
36) 6) dialog: Come on, George,  Marty said facing off with him in his backyard. 
36) 7) dialog: Don't be such a chicken. Hit me in the stomach. Right her He held his arms away from his body, making himself an ea Behind him, a duffel bag packed with clothes swung from a homemade body bag. George didn't make a move.
36) 9) dialog: You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach.
36) 11) dialog: How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know fighter. You know it, I know it... but she doesn't know i we gotta make you look like a fighter, somebody who'll st her, somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna loo fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach.
36) 13) dialog: You're not picking a fight, you're coming to her rescue. better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at
36) 15) dialog: And where am I gonna be?
36) 17) dialog: Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry wit
36) 19) dialog: Why what?
36) 21) dialog: Well... because...  Well, nice girls get angry at guys wh take advantage of 'em. George looked at him in disbelief. 
36) 23) dialog: George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door Marty waited for George, but he didn't say anything. 
36) 24) dialog: Your line, George!
36) 26) dialog: Yes, definitely, god dammit George, swear. Then you hit m stomach, I go down for the count, and you and Eileen life after. Now, hit me in the stomach. George took a deep breath and tentatively threw his fist stomach. Marty shook his head.
36) 28) dialog: Anger, George, Anger. George hesitated.
36) 30) dialog: No, George, just concentrate on the anger. Anger. The third punch George tried was a little bit better. But what Marty was looking for. He sighed.
36) 31) dialog: Well, I think you're starting to get the hang of it. Just practicing. I'll see you tonight. Remember, anger, George He walked away, leaving George alone in the yard. George stared at the body bag, trying to think of somethi make him really angry. 
37) 0) text: It was the night of the dance. The time machine and refri successfully lead-lined -- was completely assembled in th truck. Beside it sat the power converter and a motorcycle As Professor Brown pulled a tap over the back, Marty plac clothes in a laundry bag, with some bottles of Coke.
37) 2) dialog: That's all taken care of.
37) 4) dialog: Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't kno it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty hea
37) 6) dialog: That's exactly what I said! I mean, a guy and his mother illegal, isn't it?
37) 8) dialog: That's just what I needed to hear.
37) 10) dialog: Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to e The Professor shrugged. 
37) 12) dialog: Perfect...
37) 14) dialog: Amen.
38) 0) text: Not too much later, Marty pulled into the high school par Eileen at his side in the Professor's Packard. He careful car. It was hard for him to look at his mother, Eileen, i she was wearing. It was a light pink color, low cut, show cleavage. He stared at the clock in the dashboard instead
38) 1) dialog: Uh... let's just sit here for a few minutes... (voice cra Eileen looked at him with motherly concern.
38) 3) dialog: Oh, no, I'm fine...fine. He tried to smile at her. It came out pretty shaky. But E back a moment later.
38) 5) dialog: Uh, yeah, well, believe me, I sure feel like I know you!  He wondered how George was doing, and wished he'd hurry u ass out here!
40) 0) text: Marty shifted uncomfortably in the seat and glanced at th
40) 2) dialog: Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a cer when you get there, you don't know if you can go through
40) 4) dialog: Well, sort of.... Eileen nodded, interrupting him.
40) 6) dialog: You do? Eileen nodded again, slower.
42) 0) text: Eileen had been attacking Marty for about a minute -- a v minute in Marty's opinion -- before she suddenly stopped away. The buttons at the top of her dress were undone and exposed.
44) 2) dialog: Believe me, it makes perfect sense. Sudden footsteps crunched on gravel, approaching the car. glanced outside. 
44) 4) dialog: (murmurs) Not now, George! Not now.... The driver's door was suddenly thrown open. Marty had har toward it when he was yanked out of the car roughly. Inst he saw someone he had not expected in the least. It was B
45) 0) text: Marty was dragged around a corner, the car vanishing from man stood at the side door, smoking something. Marty twis around and saw him about the same time the black man saw Reginald Washington, the same guy who had liked his music
47) 0) text: He hurried through the lot, his eyes skimming the rows of cream colored Packard. Finally, he zeroed in on it. His e he saw that Eileen and Marty were struggling inside, Eile George steadied himself, hiked up his pants, and rushed t the car. He opened the driver's side door.
48) 1) text: Marty was shoved back against the school wall. His head s the concrete wall and he winced. Gums and Match kept a fi him, so he couldn't get away. Across from him, Skinhead p back, ready to slam Marty in the face. Marty closed his e up, waiting for the blow. But it never came. Instead he heard footsteps and cries o from Biff's gang. He opened his eyes and saw that Reginal some friends. It was the band that was playing at the dan
50) 0) text: The band members were running off Biff's gang. As Marty a them, one of them got one last kick at Skinhead in the as spilt. 
50) 1) dialog: Hey, thanks a lot, you guys,  The three hoods scatterred into the night.
50) 3) dialog: Well, you guys go back in there and play the best version the Hands of Time' that you can, glancing towards the doo The band members shook their heads.
50) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
50) 7) dialog: But you guys have to play! The dance isn't over yet! You 'Turn Back the Hands of Time'. My parents gotta -- George dance the last dance and kiss!
51) 0) text: Marty stood on stage with the band, playing Turn Back the with them. He could see his parents dancing cheek to chee middle of the dance floor. Marty watched them carefully a ended, holding his breath. They leaned forward slowly,  hesitantly....then their lips met in a kiss! He smiled in checked the time. A few minutes before midnight. Marty stepped forward to the microphone set up.
51) 1) dialog: Well, folks, that about wraps it up for this evening.... The students moaned in disappointment.
51) 3) dialog: You want one more, huh? Marty looked at the clock again, then turned to the band. appeared to have any objections. He looked at the crowd, then finally decided to go for it. 
51) 4) dialog: Well, I probably shouldn't do this, but what the hell, yo hearing a lot of this in the future anyway... (turning ar me, fellas, he told the band members. Marty walked over to his amp and twisted the volume to th amount it would go. He placed his guitar against it and s expectant silence of the gym with a loud riff from the in audience looked both shocked and horrified, and the band looks of confusion. Marty started in on a Chuck Berry son Goode, expressions in the gym changing to astonishment. I moment, but the band finally figured out what was going o in. Marty grinned as the first -- very first -- sound of was heard. Kids started dancing, only a few at first, then more join started moving on stage, like the rockers did at heavy me The crowd roared, total pandemonium breaking out on the d one had ever heard this kind of music before! The band go more enthusiastic as the chaperones clasped their hands t their ears, horrified expressions on their faces. Marty shifted the music to Rock Around the Clock, noting satisfaction that the entire gym was dancing to the music the tie around his neck, sweating from those hot stage li decided to just take his jacket off. He yanked it off his tossed it into the crowd. Meanwhile, out in the hall, an old teacher who had been c the dance was on the phone. 
51) 6) dialog: Good night, everybody! Marty shouted into the mike. He stepped back, heading for the band members crowded around him.
51) 8) dialog: I won't be there Monday. The band members looked stunned. Marty continued to talk could ask any questions.
51) 9) dialog: And don't you guys play it either, he cautioned. It's tim yet. If you play it, you might screw things up. It'll hap own.
51) 11) dialog: Rock'n roll! He turned and ran off stage, darting though the halls to the building. Outside, he could see Professor Brown's tru the school, engine idling, waiting to go. Marty burst out of the school and jumped into the cab, sl door behind him. 
52) 1) dialog: Everything's cool. (breathless) They danced, they kissed, love! Let's go! Professor Brown put his foot on the gas and they tore out parking lot.
53) 0) text: Several hours later, Marty was still talking about the ev to the Professor. 
53) 1) dialog: I sure wish I could have seen the punch! It was almost three in the morning.
53) 2) dialog: I mean, he decked him -- laid him out cold -- one punch. been beautiful! I didn't know he had it in him! Professor Brown took his eyes off the road a moment to lo something about what he was saying making him uneasy. 
53) 4) dialog: Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire lif
53) 6) dialog: I just wish I could have seen it... He let his voice trail off, staring out the dark window, unwinding before them. Professor Brown turned his attenti driving. For the first time all evening, Marty lapsed int When the Professor next looked at him, ten minutes later, slumped back in his seat, his forehead resting against th closed and snoring softly. Professor Brown didn't disturb had a long and busy night and deserved some rest. Especia considering how much work had to be done in the next day. The light of dawn had hardly begun to shine in the east w crossed the state line into Nevada. The Professor pulled station and stopped the car. The tank was running low and had a ways to go. Not to mention that, according to a sig station, there would be no more chances to fill up for 15
54) 0) text: Professor Brown turned to Marty and shook him awake, then his bag and told him to go change. As Marty headed for th the Professor got out of the truck and headed for the sma where the grizzled gas attendant was waiting.    
55) 0) text: Inside the bathroom, Marty quickly changed out of the sui to the dance and into his 1982 clothes, pulling some Army a jacket over them. The Army clothes were a little loose, matter. Once he had the clothes on, Marty took the bottle had brought with him in his bag and stuffed them deep int pockets. He looked in the dusty mirror, checking his appe sure he looked okay and the Coke bottles weren't visible. Marty quickly gathered up his things and left the stuffy joining up with the Professor just as the gas had finishe
57) 0) text: Hours later, Professor Brown was driving the truck down a the end of it was a huge barbed wire fence, padlocked, wi sign. U.S. Army. Restricted Area. Authorized Personal Onl The test site. The Professor nudged a dozing Marty as they approached th pulled to a stop. He had previously told Marty to leave t him, and Marty had no problem with that. He certainly did get them arrested. Almost as soon as they had stopped, an up to the truck, a rifle in hand. M.P. Where do you jokers think you're going? he asked, peering The Professor picked up some papers -- their orders -- of dashboard and handed them to the guy.
59) 0) text: Marty and the Professor reached the tract houses a few mi being allowed inside. This suburbian site was 1.5 miles f site, according to a large sign nearby. Professor Brown backed the truck into a driveway of a hou mannequins were positioned on the front lawn. The man was lawn mower and the woman was in a chaise lounge. Marty lo bizzare spectacle for a moment, then jumped out of the tr the garage door for the Professor. He finished backing th and switched off the ignition. It was hot outside already so Marty took off his jacket a inside the cab of the truck. He helped the Professor take the back and start to hook the time machine up.
61) 2) dialog: It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage marker (noticing the markers at every 200 yards from the tower)
61) 7) dialog: Thanks for everything, Pro.
61) 9) dialog: Uh... yeah... I hope so. The Professor gave him an intense look. 
61) 11) dialog: It's just always so hard for me to say goodbye. Marty turned suddenly and stepped outside, unable to stan the Professor any longer. After a moment, Professor Brown
61) 13) dialog: Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opene softly, without turning around. The Professor nodded slowly. In the background, the walki spoke. 
63) 0) text: When the Professor vanished from view as he sped away, Ma his binoculars and checked the time. He had about 25 minu before the bomb would detonate and over 20 minutes to go to start driving towards the site. Marty decided now would be a good time to look around. He to the front of the house, taking a moment to check out t home's exterior. Except for the mannequins in the front, pretty typical for a 1950's home. Marty walked across the tried the door. It was unlocked. He stepped inside. Marty was expecting the place to be empty. To his amazeme was completely furnished. It looked like a model home, aw display. Current issues of popular -- in the 1950's, anyw magazines were on the tables. There was a radio, even a T Marty looked in the dining room and saw another group of seated at the table, with place settings arranged before shook his head, chuckling at the lengths that the governm these experiments. He went into the kitchen and looked around this room. It furnished like the other rooms, down to the last detail. a Frigidaire refrigerator sat. Marty walked over to it an up. It was well stocked with food. He saw meat, cheese, m Coke, fruit, and vegetables. Marty plucked an apple from bite from it, then set it back inside. He shut the fridge his steps back to the living room to check out the TV. The TV was full of static and snow when he first switched twisted the channel knob, finally tuning into a somewhat the Howdy Doody Show. Since it was the only thing he coul reception on, Marty watched Clarabell dancing around and his head.
63) 1) dialog: The 'fabulous fifties,'   He was grateful that he wouldn't be stuck in that decade
67) 0) text: Marty started to take off his army fatigues as he watched the clothes was the outfit he had come with from 1982. As had shed the clothes from the Army, he switched the walki check the time before the bomb would go off.
68) 3) dialog: I read you, Pro. Cut to:
68) 5) dialog: I'm on my way to do that right now.
68) 6) text: Marty brought the walkie-talkie with him as he went into opened the door into the cab to get his jacket with the b in it. But it wasn't there! Marty blinked, shocked, and checked the floor and behind Nothing. He started to panic. Marty climbed into the back and checked there, even though the chances were very slim have gotten there. It wasn't. Marty snatched the walkie-talkie off the front seat where it.
68) 7) dialog: Professor! (panicing and fearful) I can't find the formul in my jacket, and my jacket's gone!
68) 8) text: Cut to: Professor Brown heard Marty's news and turned to look at behind him. There was Marty's jacket, still on the manneq had inadvertently set it earlier.
70) 0) text: Professor Brown was horrified at the turn of events that sprouted. He frantically called out instructions to Marty walkie-talkie.
71) 0) text: Marty ran into the house and straight to the kitchen. He the refrigerator and his eyes fell on those bottles of Co earlier. Marty let out a deep sigh of relief, though he k was far from over. He'd had serious visions of his tombst a few minutes.
71) 1) dialog: Don't worry about a thing! (into the walkie-talkie) There formula in the refrigerator!
72) 0) text: On the hill the Professor was confused. The refrigerator? himself. His eyes slid over to Marty's jacket in the moto considering... After a moment, Professor Brown switched t on the walkie-talkie to get an update on the time.
73) 0) text: Marty pulled himself up on top of the truck's cab to get converter, juggling the two bottles of Coke he had brough from the refrigerator. Without thinking, Marty tried to t off the bottle, but it wouldn't budge! He didn't have a b with him either. Aware of the time ticking down, Marty finally smashed the bottle against the roof of the cab and poured the Coke -- few pieces of broken glass -- into the power converter.
75) 0) text: Marty climbed down from the roof off the truck and got in It started without his hitch and he slammed his foot agai accelerator, heading in the direction of Ground Zero.
77) 0) text: Marty drove the truck past mile marker 1.3, unaware of th danger. Gun breeches were opened with 105mm shells being the artillery bunker. The weapons were slammed shut and c towards the outside and the truck.
79) 0) text: Marty drove by the 1 mile mark as the three Howitzers wer his vague direction.  Cut to:
79) 2) dialog: Jesus!
81) 0) text: Marty had managed to calm himself down after the first ex hardly began to breathe normally again when something els this one a lot closer in front of the truck, but still of Marty twisted the wheel to the side, terrified of being b noticing the 1400 yards marker as he drove by it.
85) 0) text: The new shell hit the ground several yards before the tru heavy rain of dirt on the windshield. Marty drove around looked behind him, shuddering as he realized how close th come. Up ahead was his goal, the 800 yard maker. Marty sl truck to a stop and turned to the Army channel on the wal
87) 0) text: Inside the truck, Marty listened to the countdown, his he with exhilaration and fear. 
87) 3) dialog: Hurry up!  He threw open the door of the truck to the outside.    
88) 0) text: Professor Brown continued to watch the truck with Marty i walkie- talkie in the other hand. 
90) 0) text: Marty was about to climb in the back of the truck, the co on his walkie-talkie. 
92) 0) text: Marty turned the key in the ignition of the truck, threw shift into reverse, and hit the gas pedal as hard as he c A second later, a huge explosion wiped out the 800 yard m had been parked. The truck trembled from the shock wave. the truck several hundred feet away and watched the smoke crater in the ground was all that remained of yard marker had been seconds before. He swallowed hard.    
94) 0) text: Marty could hear the voice start counting down the remain seconds before the bomb would go off. He turned the key i ignition, but the engine wouldn't start! His face grew ev it was already as he tried it again. Still, nothing happe
96) 0) text: Marty swallowed hard, gripping the key as hard as he coul it for the third time. The engine groaned....but then it sighed in relief and aimed at the crater, over a hundred
98) 0) text: The bright white light hit the power converter. Marty gla his cramped quarters to see a thin beam of the same color the focusing lense suspended above his head. He closed hi strange feeling swept over his body....     The yellow glow from the bomb lasted a few moments, turni yellow. The tower which housed the bomb was vaporized and Marty and the Professor's began to melt from the intense the command bunker, the Army officers with their men and civilians gaped at the site before them as the mushroom c it's radioactive smoke reaching thousands of feet into th
99) 0) text: Safely on the hill, Professor Brown turned his back on th over to the mannequin in the sidecar. A medium sized bulg one of the pockets of the Army jacket. The Professor look long moment, long after the light of the bomb faded and t had passed. He remembered Marty's words from earlier and Should I look....?
100) 0) text: Marty saw completely and utter darkness around him. The a had grow hot and stuffy. He resisted the urge to cough an handle of the refrigerator door. His hand came into conta after a moment's search and he pushed forward.
101) 0) text: A crack of sunlight split the darkness. Marty pushed the and a shower of sand rained on him. He climbed to the out The sun was shining brightly in a clear blue sky. Marty l the refrigerator and saw that it was half rotted and worn age. Next to it, he recognized the remains of the Army tr and almost unrecognizable, half buried in the sand. Marty took a step away from the refrigerator and looked a was barren out here. He saw nothing but an ocean of hot s around. Marty glanced at his watch. It was noon exactly. at the merciless glare of the sun.
101) 1) dialog: Shit! Marty decided the best thing for him to do would be to st He set off in the direction of the sun, not sure which wa few minutes after he started the hike, Marty started to h off in the distance. It sounded like a helicopter. The sound grew closer and he looked up at the sky, his ey for the source. He saw something in the sky, but it looke craft started to lower itself toward the ground, grains o everywhere. Marty squinted his eyes and put a hand over t his head away. Between the glare of the sun on the thing, flying sand, it was almost impossible to tell anything ab After a moment, the noise faded away and Marty turned aro front of him was a strange sight. It looked like a car fr 1950's....but it had three whitewalls, propellers, and fu the side. At the back of the car was something that resem Professor's power converter. As Marty stared at the contr noticed Professor Brown in the driver's seat. Marty opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came Professor opened the door and jumped out, heading towards looked older then he had in 1952, but not as much as he h Professor Brown seemed different to Marty, his posture st more of a spark in his eyes.
101) 3) dialog: (hesitantly) What year is this? 
101) 5) dialog: And you're alive, Professor? (remembering what happened r left 1982) You weren't shot? Professor Brown looked at him blankly.
101) 8) dialog: What do you call this? (as he cautiously started towards contraption)
102) 0) text: Inside the car, Marty noticed the controls and the dashbo streamlined in a kind of old-fashioned futuristic style. distracted from his examination of the car's interior by leaning over and pulling out a 16 ounce bottle of Coke. H bottle opener that was on the dashboard and opened it up, open the dashboard in front of Marty and hooked the bottl labeled fuel inside. Marty remembered leaving the formula jacket. Somehow, Professor Brown must have found it.
102) 1) dialog: Professor... You peaked, didn't you? Professor Brown shrugged, looking a little sheepish.
102) 3) text: Professor Brown waited a few minutes before starting to a the questions Marty had begun to throw at him. Marty want everything that had happened over the past thirty years t Professor. Things seemed so different from when he had le
102) 5) dialog: 87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell? Marty didn't understand anything. He tried not to think a of the conversation. There were some other, more importan wonder about.
102) 6) dialog: But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go in the first place?
102) 8) dialog: Obviously!  (trying to appear that he understood.)
102) 10) dialog: (nodding) What theater was I at?
102) 12) dialog: Wow! Look at that city! Professor Brown glanced out the window. 
102) 14) dialog: It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it? The Professor smiled at him. 
102) 18) dialog: Right....  He slowly took off his silver Porsche jacket and handed i robot. Finally, he stepped into his house. INT. McFLY HOUSE Marty was surprised. Things actually didn't look that dif when he had left. His mother, sitting in the living room, feet and rushed towards him.
102) 31) dialog: What are you doing, Dad?  Marty watched, eyes wide in amazement. His father glanced up, puzzled. 
102) 36) dialog: Suzy!
102) 38) dialog: What did you do to your hair?
102) 44) dialog: Mambo class? You mean people still do the Mambo? Suzy shrugged. 
102) 46) dialog: Don't tell me you've never heard of rock'n roll... Suzy now directed a blank look at him.
102) 49) dialog: Well maybe it's time you did! He took Suzy's hand and the two of them left the room, Ei Professor Brown following.     George McFly was left alone in his study, sitting at his Something about the conversation earlier with his son was him. He opened his desk drawer and pulled out his hydraul After he plugged it in, the pneumatic cylinders began to automatically. It stopped at a certain page and George lo newspaper clipping he had saved in there, way back thirty Police Quell Near Riot At School Dance, the headlined sai old Springtime in Paris dance the article was talking abo the headline was a somewhat grainy photograph of the youn who had played that strange music. As George looked close the young man in the picture bore a striking resemblance George shook his head slowly.