4) 0) text: Later that afternoon, Marty stared at the textbook page i showed a photo of a mushroom cloud with the words, Last a atomic test, March 18, 1952, Atkins, Nevada. He took his the letters M.M + S.P. on the cloud and drew and arrow th a valentine. He added at the bottom, How about the dance We'll have a BLAST! In the background his science teacher, Mr. Arky, droned o day's lecture. 
4) 1) dialog: There were only three above ground Atomic Tests in the Un so the government took every opportunity to study the eff radiation. Actual single family tract homes were construc test site, totally furnished with refrigerators, TV's, fu What a waste of perfectly good stuff, Marty thought.
4) 2) dialog: ...Anything you could find in a typical home, just so sci learn what kind of damage an atomic bomb would do to a ty They even put mannequins in the houses, just like in auto Marty tore the page with the picture and note out of his turned to look at Suzy Parker, the pretty alburn-haired g aisle and a seat behind him. He quickly folded the page a her before tossing it deftly on her desk. The teacher did
4) 3) dialog: But the fact remains that today, thirty years after those tests, the threat of nuclear annihilation is as great as Certainly, nuclear annhiliation is something you all must about. Any questions, comments, ideas? No, Marty thought, glancing around. Everyone in the class agreed with him.
4) 4) dialog: Anyone? I'm talking about the complete and total destruct entire world. Doesn't anybody have anything to say about No one raised a hand. Mr. Arky's face began to turn red.
4) 5) dialog: How about you, Mr. Jackson? he asked, raising his voice. to share some of your wisdom with the class? Jackson didn't look up from the textbook, ignoring the te felt something brush against his foot and looked down to note that he had given Suzy on the floor. He leaned over off the floor. Mr. Arky continued to ask for volunteers.
4) 6) dialog: Mr. Gomez? Any thoughts? Miss Parker? Mr. Crump, any reac Marty unfolded the note and looked at it. Beside the clou That's sick! had been written in loopy cursive. Marty tur over. On the back was the word, Yes. He smiled, then was out of his thoughts by the science teacher's irritating v
4) 7) dialog: How about you, Mr. McFly? Arky asked, strolling over to his desk. Marty quickly cru and shoved it in his pocket before the teacher could see at his graffittied desk top, wishing Mr. Arky would go aw
4) 8) dialog: Did you even hear the question, Mr. McFly? Marty looked up, facing the inevitable. He might as well honest opinion.
4) 10) dialog: You'd like to see a nuclear holocaust?
4) 12) dialog: Mr. McFly here wants to nuke it all, just so he can see i A couple students started to laugh. Marty sat up straight the teacher.
4) 14) dialog: All I can say is, that's one helluva attitude, Mr. McFly. explode a hundred megaton Geothermal nuclear device, just Marty felt his face turn red with anger and embarrassment
4) 16) dialog: Unfortunately, the way things are going, you may get your see the entire annhiliation of the world. If not, you'll the destruction of all out natural resources. We can alre air we breathe, not to mention the pollution in our river We'll  see all of our oil reserves depleted, in fact, all sources. Yes, you people have a lot to look forward to --
4) 18) dialog: No, of course you're not. Not for the problems, no. But f solutions...yes. The bell rang, ending the school day. Everyone leaped out desks and rushed for the door. 
4) 19) dialog: See you tomorrow.
14) 24) dialog: Who's there, Stella?
15) 5) dialog: Is he all right? The Professor straightened up.
15) 11) dialog: Son, you watch yourself!
28) 1) dialog: What are you doing in this class? Marty lifted his head up and found himself looking at Mr. thirty years younger! His mouth dropped open and his eyes stared at the science teacher. He looked so different, ag was an energetic spark in his eyes that hadn't been there would have him for a teacher.
28) 3) dialog: Yes, that's my name. Who are you, young man? Are you supp here?
28) 5) dialog: You have a name?
28) 7) dialog: ...and it is, of course, due to science that we Americans highest standard of living in the history of the world. W of the technological advances made in just the past thirt boggles the mind to imagine what the world will be like i thirty years. I think I can safely say that we can all lo a world of plenty, a world free of disease and starvation entire cities built under the sea, cars that can go two o hundred miles an hour. Marty stared at Mr. Arky in disbelief. Could he be seriou glanced around and noticed the rest of the class looked b they had heard the lecture before.
28) 8) dialog: You girls will be able to cook an entire meal, clean the and do all of your laundry and ironing by push button, th teacher went on. You may even have a robot to assist you duties as a wife.
28) 10) dialog: Well, Biff, since you seem so eager to get into this disc perhaps you'd like to tell us what you think you'll be do years? Marty turned around and saw Biff Tannen -- thirty years y course -- slouched in the back desk with a bored expressi face. Surrounding him were three other guys who were obvi of his. One was missing two front teeth, one chewed on a and the other had a crewcut that made him look nearly bal stared at Biff, who appeared just as obnoxious as he was
28) 15) dialog: Anybody else have any ideas about what life might be like years? The teacher's eyes roamed the class for volunteers. No on as usual. At least  this hasn't changed , Marty thought w
28) 16) dialog: Mr. Cusimano? Miss Voyles? Miss Kaner? So am I to underst one has anything at all to say about the future? (shiftin Marty) How about you, Mr. McFly? Marty felt his face drain of color. He had been caught! 
28) 20) dialog: Continue, Mr. McFly. Marty's father stood up slowly, as if he were getting cal execution. Marty sighed and buried his face in his hands, head.
28) 24) dialog: Did you say something, Mr. Lewis? Marty didn't hear him, continuing to give Biff the worst
28) 25) dialog: Mr. Lewis, I'm talking to you! Marty snapped out of it, remembering who he was supposed
28) 27) dialog: You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class.  If you have som say it so the whole class can hear.
28) 29) dialog: Run out of gas?  The class started laughing. Marty looked around, baffled. said that funny?
28) 30) dialog: Well, class, it seems we have a doomsayer in our midst. I Lewis, that's a mighty pessimistic attitude for a young m yourself. First of all, with all the studies we have indi vast supplies of petroleum in the earth, plus the massive have yet to be discovered, the likelihood of any such sho highly remote. And even if the most improbable, catastrop circumstances were to occur and we did have a shortage of I'm sure that American technology and ingenuity would ove problem in no time at all. All in all, I'd say your time better spent worrying about the real problems that face o instead of a shortage of gasoline. At the back of the class, Biff and his group started to m noises. 