3) 0) text: It is a Saturday morning. Clad in her finest attire is ANNE; Solomon's wife, a few years younger than he. We see also the Northup children: MARGARET who is eight, and ALONZO who is five. They are handsome, and well groomed kids. Anne straightens up the children. She finishes,
4) 0) text: Solomon and his family are out walking along the streets and groves of Saratoga. The streets are well populated this morning with many people out strolling. Most are WHITE, but there are BLACKS as well. They are FREED BLACKS who mingle fairly easily - though not always completely - with the whites. We see, too, a few BLACK SLAVES who travel with their WHITE MASTERS. These pairings are largely from the south and - despite the fact the blacks are slaves - they are not physically downtrodden, not field hands. They are well dressed and "leading apparently an easy life" - comparatively speaking - as they trail their masters. As they walk, Solomon and his family arrive to an intersection well-worn and muddied from horse and cart traffic. Solomon and his children easily jump across the muck. Anne stands at the lip of the puddle, calls for Solomon to help her across.
4) 1) dialog: Solomon... Solomon, turning back to his wife with a broad smile waving her forward:
4) 5) dialog: I will not ruin my dress. Catch me! Solomon moves close, holds out his arms. Yet, there's still just a bit of mischievousness in his eyes. Anne gives her husband a lightly stern look to which Solomon replies.
4) 11) dialog: You will. And with that Anne takes the leap. Solomon catches her, swings her around grandly and sets her down lightly to the delighted applause of the children. That done, Solomon takes Anne's hand and leads her on. As Solomon and his family make their way, among the slaves on the street, we see one in particular; JASPER. As he trails his MASTER he can't help but note Solomon and his family as they enter A STORE. His intrigue of this most handsome and harmonious group should be obvious. With his Master occupied, Jasper moves slyly toward the STORE. Frozen on the spot, Jasper looks on admiringly. Suddenly a voice barks out-
5) 10) dialog: I am. Using a long pole, Mr. Parker fetches down a CARRY ALL from an upper shelf.
5) 12) dialog: It's beautiful.
5) 15) dialog: We will take it. Children, come see what your father has just purchased for me. As the children run over - chattering excitedly about the new gift - they RUN PAST JASPER who has quietly entered the store. At the checkout counter sits a portrait of WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON, the edges draped in black crepe. Before the book sits a LEDGER. Mr. Parker asks of Solomon:
6) 0) text: Anne, busy in the kitchen, puts the final touches to the meal, which is just about to begin. Solomon, in the meanwhile, sits at the head of the table reading from a NEWSPAPER. He reads to his children solemn news of the funeral arrangements for the recently deceased President Harrison.
6) 8) dialog: Not just now, darling. Anne enters the dining room and places a large chicken at the center of the table. As she takes a seat, all heads are bowed.
6) 15) dialog: Yes, and you were such a good help. Especially making the gravy.
7) 0) text: Solomon and Anne have fun and difficulty putting the unruly children to bed. They are tucked in, and each given a kiss good night. As Margaret lays down to sleep, Anne blows out the candle darkening the room. Silhouetted in the doorway, Solomon takes Anne in his arms, holds her tightly as they both luxuriate in the simple, beautiful gift that is their children.
8) 0) text: Now alone together, we see Anne and Solomon wrapped in each other's arms. Beyond being physically close, emotionally close, they are just so very comfortable with one another. They are the very representation of a couple who are made for each other.
8) 4) dialog: It is the custom. I wonder what  you'll do without me? 
8) 6) dialog: Darling, it's good money. 
8) 8) dialog: You don't.  They kiss. 
9) 0) text: We are just outside the Northup house. A CARRIAGE waits with a DRIVER. Anne and the children are dressed for travel - Anne sporting HER NEW CARRY ALL. The Driver loads bags into the carriage. For her parting gift, Anne gives her husband a kiss.
9) 2) dialog: Stay safely. Anne and the children loaded up, the Driver chides the horse and the carriage heads off. Solomon waves a hearty good bye to his wife and children.
65) 0) text: Ford and a group of slaves wait along the river banks just beyond the WORK AREA. All are expectant in their manner. A long moment passes with no sign of Solomon. Then, from up river, we see Solomon's raft of lumber winding its way. SLAVES CHEER, and Ford literally applauds the effort. Tibeats looks pissed. He has just been shown up after all.
92) 0) text: Solomon is running flat out along the road. Running as though his life depended on getting to his destination in beyond a timely manner.
113) 0) text: We see a sharp object scratching onto a surface. The  tool moves on to form another mark. The sound is  repetitive and almost unbearable. As we move out, we see  the names Anne, Margaret, Alonzo. They are engraved onto  the violin, in the hidden area where Solomon would rest  his chin.  Solomon looks at it for a moment, moving his fingertips  across the engraving. His face full of loss.  Sadly, he lifts his instrument under his chin and leaning his head to the side as if to play. 
150) 0) text: THE DOOR TO THE ROOM OPENS. Mr. Parker enters, Solomon behind. We first see Anne, in her finest attire; the Northup children: Alonzo, who is now seventeen and Margaret who is now twenty - SHE CARRIES WITH HER A BUNDLE. Also present is MARGARET'S HUSBAND. The family waits patiently, dutifully...but anxiously. Anne rises to greet him, but holds back. All around, the body language of the family is stiff and awkward. They are, after all - after twelve years - little more than familiar strangers.
150) 17) dialog: There is nothing to forgive. The pair, joined now by the whole family, hold on to each other for life...and one would think for all the rest of their lives.