126) 17) dialog: Yes, sir.
126) 19) dialog: Yes, sir. To Treach, regarding Solomon and Abram:
127) 0) text: We come in after the punishment has been dealt. Patsey tends to Uncle Abram's back as Armsby applies liniments to Solomon's. As he does, Armsby muses:
127) 1) dialog: It's a tragedy. How does such come to pass? Working a field and picking cotton like a lowly hand. I'm of a damn sight better station. And my desires never lacked for a grandiose component, though I will admit they have at times been short on ingenuity. But only at times. I've worked as an overseer, you know.
127) 3) dialog: Not "sir." Just Armsby. Not owed more than any other in the field. I worked plantations from Virginia, down into Alabama. I could manage easy a hundred slaves and have done so. But to toil in the field? Never thought that would come to pass. Never. But times are desperate. Where once I had said "no" to Epps and his merger offerings, I returned cap
127) 8) dialog: in hand. ...Look at what I've become.
127) 10) dialog: Ask. It's just conversation. From a pocket Armsby produces a flask.
127) 11) dialog: I became a little too dependant on the whisky, a little too undependable on the job. Before you say I'm just a sorry drunkard, let me state my case: As reliable employment as overseeing is, it's no easy chore on the spirit. I say no man of conscious can take the lash to another human day in, and day out without shredding at his own self. Takes him to a place where he either makes excuses within his mind to be unaffected... Or finds some way to trample his guilty sensations. Well, I trampled. Armsby takes a drink.
127) 12) dialog: And with frequency.
127) 14) dialog: Maryland. Have you traveled there?
127) 16) dialog: Fine country. More seasonal than the bayou. A deal less humid.
127) 18) dialog: To make my fortune, of course. I gave in to tales of wealth and prosperity that were the lore of the southern states: all that's needed being a patch of land and a few good growing seasons. Cotton,
127) 23) dialog: or tobacco. And then locating a proper bank in which to store your riches. But such profitable outcomes are reserved for the plantation masters. It's the lot of the rest of us to serve. So I settled on being an overseer, and failed as well at that. In the meantime my dreams gave way to reality. Now, I want nothing more than to earn a decent wage.
133) 0) text: The door opens. Solomon enters. Armsby is surprised to see him. So much so, he isn't sure what greeting to give. Solomon gives a blunt introduction. Re: the
133) 3) dialog: What do you ask?
133) 5) dialog: On my honor.
133) 7) dialog: Where's the letter now?
133) 9) dialog: I will do it. And will accept whatever payment is offered. Solomon hesitates. In the moment, he's not so sure he can wholly give himself over to trust.
133) 17) dialog: To assist you, I put my own self at risk. I will do so, but fair compensation is all I ask. Solomon hands over the money.
133) 18) dialog: Draw up your letter. We will meet again. In two days?
134) 0) text: Solomon and the slaves pick cotton. Armsby is conspicuously NOT laboring in the field. As Solomon works he is watched by Epps. Watched more than he normally is. For a moment it seems it might just be a matter of perspective; Solomon's unease over his actions. But soon Epps is joined by Armsby. The two men stand and talk, their looks locked toward Solomon. Whatever it is that is occurring between them continues for a long, long moment. But Epps makes no move toward Solomon. Solomon continues with his work.