10) 0) text: Solomon is now out for a stroll. He passes two men - two in particular - who stand outside conversing with MR. MOON himself: MERRILL BROWN and ABRAM HAMILTON. Brown is about 40, with a countenance indicating shrewdness and intelligence. Hamilton is closer to 25, a man of fair complexion and light eyes. Both are finely, if perhaps a bit garishly, dressed. Hamilton, as Solomon describes him, slightly effeminate. Moon, spotting Solomon:
10) 2) dialog: Sir.
10) 12) dialog: Taking into consideration his graciousness and your modesty, may we trouble you for a moment of your time to converse, sir?
11) 0) text: We make a jump to a green space. Solomon, Brown and Hamilton are sitting at a bench.
11) 3) dialog: Circus too constricting a word to describe the talented and merry band with which we travel. It is a spectacle unlike most have ever witnessed. Creatures from the darkest Africa as yet unseen by civilized man. Acrobats from the Orient able to contort themselves in the most confounding manners.
11) 5) dialog: We are on our way thither to rejoin the company having left for a short time to make a small profit from our own exhibitions.
11) 7) dialog: Yes. We had just a devil of a time in procuring music for our
11) 16) dialog: entertainments. Men of true talent seemingly in short supply.
11) 18) dialog: If we could persuade you to accompany us as far as New York... We would give you one dollar for each day's service and three dollars for every night played at our performances. In addition we would provide sufficient pay for the expenses of your return from New York here to Saratoga.
11) 26) dialog: We would like to depart with haste.
11) 35) dialog: Excellent! I would beg you collect yourself, then we may proceed.
14) 0) text: Solomon enters the buggy, carpet bag in hand. Brown and Hamilton are waiting. They ride in a covered carriage led by a pair of "noble" horses.
14) 3) dialog: We're off then.
16) 0) text: After the show, the pub now fairly empty, Solomon, Hamilton and Brown sit down to eat. Hamilton and Brown drink, but again Solomon abstains. Though Solomon remains cool, Hamilton and Brown put up a great show of being disappointed as Hamilton counts out what little money was collected.
16) 2) dialog: And not satisfied a bit despite giving them more than what they paid for.
16) 5) dialog: The opportunity is with the circus. A two man show poorly promoted, what were we to expect? But the circus bills itself.
16) 7) dialog: I have told you of the circus with which we are connected. Creatures from the darkest of Africa. Acrobats from the Orient who--
16) 9) dialog: Yes. We need to return immediately to Washington. Solomon...I believe us familiar enough now, but forgive me if I am bold...would you consider making the trip with us? Solomon gives a bit of a laugh at the idea.
16) 17) dialog: Hear, hear.
16) 19) dialog: Said as fellow artists as well as businessmen. Well worth the effort at least.
16) 23) dialog: There is a practical concern. If you are to continue on with us you should obtain your free papers.
16) 25) dialog: Here in New York, no. But we will be entering slave states and as a matter of precaution... It's to all our benefit we should not have to come to account for your well being.
16) 33) dialog: We'll go to the Customs House in the morning, then travel on. Good business all around. 13.
17) 0) text: The city is a swarm of people. At the moment the populace is displaying both sorrow and anticipation. Sorrow for the loss of the President. Many are dressed in black, and black crepe hangs nearly everywhere. Black armbands are frequently seen, and the occasional American Flag hung at half mast. As well, there are portraits of Harrison at varying locations. Having arrived in Washington, Solomon, Hamilton and Brown RIDE ONWARD IN THEIR CARRIAGE.
18) 0) text: A decent though crowded, boisterous and smoke-filled joint. Very lively. Solomon, Hamilton and Brown are among several parties drinking in the hotel's bar. As with seemingly everywhere in the city black crepes accessorize the background. Brown counts out $43.00 IN COIN on the tabletop. Solomon is astonished by the amount.
18) 1) dialog: Forty-three dollars. All to you.
18) 3) dialog: Consider the remainder an advance from the circus. I cannot tell you...I honestly wish you had seen the expression of our director when I described your abilities. He was fairly overcome with excitement.
18) 5) dialog: I did. I did, but so many preparations before the company is to depart.
18) 8) dialog: Tomorrow we shall prepare for our Washington debut. But tonight, our thoughts are with the great man
18) 12) dialog: for whom this city prepared solemn memorial. He has passed from the praise of men to receive the plaudit of his heavenly father. A fine man has passed. Let us remember him with a drink.
18) 21) dialog: Another. Our departed President deserves all the salutation we can imbibe. Hamilton and Brown drink again, and Solomon does as well.
19) 0) text: WE MAKE A HARD CUT to Solomon outside of the Pub, in an alley, with Brown and Hamilton in silhouette, back-lit by the street lights. He is violently ill, hunched over and retching horribly.
20) 0) text: Hamilton and Brown help Solomon to lumber up the spiral staircase, passing the occasional bemused guest.
21) 4) dialog: Let him sleep.
21) 7) dialog: Hamilton! Nothing more we can do for him.
82) 0) text: A fire is kindled in the cabin. The slaves finally fix their own dinner of corn meal. Corn is ground in a small hand mill. The corn meal is mixed with a little water, placed in the fire and baked. When it is "done brown" the ashes are scraped off. Bacon is fried. As the slaves eat, Abram goes on in great length and with much emotion about General Jackson.