52) 8) dialog: Sam, call to the Mistress.
52) 27) dialog: Yes, sir. (to the slaves:) C'mon, now. C'mon. Don't dawdle.
53) 0) text: John Tibeats, stands before the slaves. Chapin hovers to  one side. 
71) 0) text: It is day break. As ordered, Solomon is up and working. Chapin is rolling a keg of nails off a handcart for Solomon.
71) 1) dialog: If Tibeats prefers a different size, I will endeavor to furnish them, but you may use those until further directed.
72) 24) dialog: What is the matter? Tibeats struggles up and tries to present an air of dignity and control while he keeps a demonic eye on
72) 27) dialog: What's the matter with the nails? With a mix of shame, anger and embarrassment, Tibeats says, as if being exposed-
72) 29) dialog: I am overseer here. I told Platt to use them, and
72) 34) dialog: I shall furnish such nails as I please. Do you understand that, Mr. Tibeats? Tibeats answer is in the grinding of his teeth and the shaking of his fist.
72) 36) dialog: Do not stir. Do not attempt to leave the plantation on any account whatever. But if you run there is no protecting you.
72) 39) dialog: If you run, Platt, there is no protecting you. Rachel...! Chapin runs off to join Rachel. The two converse at a distance from Solomon, then they head off for the log kitchen. Solomon is now very much alone, and he waits for what is to come. AND WE WAIT WITH HIM. And we wait, and we continue to wait... Moment by moment, the dread of the unexpected mounts. Solomon's eyes begin to well. He has beaten a white man, and he knows that death awaits him.
72) 49) dialog: Gentlemen... Whoever moves that nigger another foot from where he stands is a dead man. I am overseer of this plantation seven years, and in the absence of William Ford, my duty is to protect his interests. Ford holds a mortgage on Platt of four hundred dollars. If you hang him, he loses his debt. Until that is canceled you have no claim to his life. Directing his attention to Ramsay and Cook:
72) 57) dialog: As for you two, if you have any regard for your own safety...I say, begone! Ramsay and Cook don't need to be told twice. The pistols Chapin's gripping make the situation real clear. Without further word, they mount their horses and ride away. Tibeats remains, and his anger with him.
72) 60) dialog: Sam! Get the mule. You must ride to Master Ford. Tell him to come here at once without a single moment's delay. Tell him they are trying to murder Platt. Hurry, boy. Bring him back if you must kill the mule to do so!