26) 0) text: It is a yard just beyond Burch's. The yard is hemmed in by a brick wall. In the yard are two men, and a boy. The oldest is CLEMENS RAY a man of about 25 years of age. He is well educated. JOHN WILLIAMS is about 20 years old. He is born and bred a slave, is lacking in education, and overwhelmed with fear of the situation. Finally there is a child about 10 years of age who answers to the name of Randall. Solomon, Clemens Ray, John and Randall ALL STAND NAKED. Though they try to cover their privates a bit, they are all aware of the uselessness of modesty. Radburn is present. He has before him A COUPLE OF BUCKETS OF COLD WATER. He throws water on the naked men.
28) 0) text: Sitting together out in the yard are Clemens Ray, John and Solomon. Over time they have drawn trustworthy enough to speak with one another. At the moment Solomon is still trying to apply reason to the situation.
28) 9) dialog: Who in your estimation is that sympathetic ear?
28) 11) dialog: I would be just as certain they are counting the money paid for delivering you to this place.
28) 13) dialog: You know that? You know for certain who they were?
28) 21) dialog: How I reckon the situation: whatever past we had...well, that's done now. The reality to come is us being transported southward. New Orleans if I were to venture. After we arrive, we'll be put to market. Beyond that... Well, once in a slave state I suppose there's only one outcome.
28) 23) dialog: I don't say that to give you empty agitation, John...
28) 25) dialog: Boy, our masters will not come for us. John is nearly beside himself with panic.
31) 0) text: We now have Solomon, Clemens, John, Eliza and the children. They are being cuffed together. As John is cuffed, he pulls back. Scared. He beings in
37) 3) dialog: If you want to survive, do and say  as little as possible. Tell no  one who you really are and tell no  one that you can read and write. 
40) 0) text: The hold is packed tighter now.  Muzzle covering his face, Robert is shackled with his  hands tied behind his back. Solomon and Clemens Ray look  on.  A sailor descends the staircase and takes off Robert's  muzzle, shooting him a forbidding look. He leaves. 
40) 11) dialog: Three can't stand against a whole  crew. The rest here are niggers,  born and bred slaves. Niggers  ain't got the stomach for a fight,  not a damn one. 
40) 13) dialog: Survival is not about certain  death, it is about keeping your  head down.  Solomon looks at Clemens Ray, agitated -- his voice now  raised above the previous whispers. Grits his teeth. 
42) 0) text: The slaves are asleep.  A Sailor descends the ladder approaching Eliza. He bends  down and attempts to wake the daughter by caressing her  face.  Solomon rouses, and looks across to witness the scene.  From his vantage point, we see Eliza stand to interrupt  the Sailor. The Sailor looks at Eliza, Eliza looks back  at him. Knowingly she leads him off into a corner of the  hold.  As she does so, Eliza passes Robert who jumps up to stand between Eliza and the Sailor. Stretching out a firm hand  to the sailor's shoulder, Robert's look says "No you  don't."  Clemens Ray is awake now, watching.  There is an odd moment of stillness between the Sailor  and Robert, an impasse.  We focus on the Sailor's face. Slowly, a greasy smile  erupts upon it. Back now to Robert's face, a look of  incomprehension.  Robert looks down. We follow his gaze to the knife that  has already been jabbed unseen between Robert's ribs.  The sailor withdraws the bloody blade.  A wide shot of the two men. Robert collapses to the  floor like a sack of potatoes.  Clemens Ray and Solomon react. Complete horror. 
43) 0) text: We are back up on the deck of the ship. SOLOMON AND  CLEMENS RAY dump ROBERT's body over the side of the ship. Solomon watches as the body churns for a moment in the wake of the vessel... then sinks beneath the water.  Clemens Ray, with no sentimentality:
43) 1) dialog: Better off. Better than us. 
45) 11) dialog: ...My master... Master Ray, sir! Master Ray! Clemens pulls on his chain. As he does so, Several other slaves collapse in his effort to reach his master, like dominos.