28) 32) dialog: My darling. My sweet, sweet baby.
29) 0) text: Later in the evening. Solomon now shares his space with Eliza and her children. As the children rest, Eliza drops into a lament as if pleading her case to Solomon who lends a sympathetic ear.
29) 3) dialog: When I say I had my master's favor, you understand. Above even his own wife, I had it. Do you know that he built a house for me? Built it on the sole condition that I reside there with him. The added promise in time I would be emancipated. And for nine years he blessed me with every comfort and luxury in life. Displaying the finery she still wears:
29) 4) dialog: Silks and jewels and even servants to wait upon us. Such was our life, and the life of this beautiful girl I bore for him. But Master Berry's daughter...she always looked at me with an unkind nature. She hated Emily no matter she and Emily were flesh of flesh. As Master Berry's health failed, she gained power in the household. Eventually, I was brought to the city on the false pretense of our free papers being executed. If I had known what waited; to be sent south? I swear I would not have come here alive.
29) 12) dialog: My poor, poor babies.
30) 0) text: It's the deep of night, all are sleeping. A KEY TURNS IN THE LOCK AND THE DOOR OPENS. Burch enters with Radburn beside him. Both carry LANTERNS with them. Hardly giving Solomon and Eliza a moment to rouse themselves,
30) 3) dialog: No, please don't...
30) 5) dialog: Please...
31) 0) text: We now have Solomon, Clemens, John, Eliza and the children. They are being cuffed together. As John is cuffed, he pulls back. Scared. He beings in
34) 0) text: The slaves are hustled down one at a time into a dark, dank hold among barrels and boxes of freight...and RATS. Burch comes around and "checks" the chains; makes sure they are all secure and locked. Satisfied, he heads up out of the hold. Radburn follows. Alone in the dark in the hold, John cries, as does Eliza. Solomon stares down Burch for as long as he can, as if wishing bad things. As if wanting to exact some measure of revenge. But the greater insult is that Burch and Radburn, engaged in conversation, take no notice of Solomon whatsoever. He is that insignificant to them. That fact, that reality, makes Solomon boil with a rage he cannot express in words.
37) 0) text: Down in the hold the slaves eat, pray. The MULATTO WOMAN moves among them, catching ELIZA's eye.
42) 0) text: The slaves are asleep.  A Sailor descends the ladder approaching Eliza. He bends  down and attempts to wake the daughter by caressing her  face.  Solomon rouses, and looks across to witness the scene.  From his vantage point, we see Eliza stand to interrupt  the Sailor. The Sailor looks at Eliza, Eliza looks back  at him. Knowingly she leads him off into a corner of the  hold.  As she does so, Eliza passes Robert who jumps up to stand between Eliza and the Sailor. Stretching out a firm hand  to the sailor's shoulder, Robert's look says "No you  don't."  Clemens Ray is awake now, watching.  There is an odd moment of stillness between the Sailor  and Robert, an impasse.  We focus on the Sailor's face. Slowly, a greasy smile  erupts upon it. Back now to Robert's face, a look of  incomprehension.  Robert looks down. We follow his gaze to the knife that  has already been jabbed unseen between Robert's ribs.  The sailor withdraws the bloody blade.  A wide shot of the two men. Robert collapses to the  floor like a sack of potatoes.  Clemens Ray and Solomon react. Complete horror. 
51) 11) dialog: Please, sir... Please don't divide my family. Don't take me unless you take my children as well.
51) 13) dialog: You will have the most faithful slave in me, sir. The most faithful slave that has ever lived, but I beg that you do not separate us. A BUYER interrupts the skirmish and approaches Freeman and delivers coolly, eyeing Randall-
51) 29) dialog: I will not go without my children. You will not take them from me.
51) 37) dialog: Please, don't. No! Freeman, to Cape:
52) 0) text: Driven in a horse drawn wagon by Ford are Solomon and Eliza. Eliza is sullen to say the least. With the loss of her two children she has dropped into a depression she will not be able to pull out of.
67) 5) dialog: It's all I have to keeps my loss present.
67) 7) dialog: Have you stopped crying for your children? You make no sounds, but will you ever let them go in your heart?
67) 16) dialog: Then who is distressed? Do I upset the Mistress and the Master? Do you care less for my loss than their well being?
67) 18) dialog: He is a slaver.
67) 20) dialog: Under the circumstances he is a slaver! Christian only in his proclamations. Separated me from my precious babies for lack of a few dollars. But you truckle at
67) 23) dialog: You luxuriate in his favor.
67) 25) dialog: Ford is your opportunity. Do you think he does not know that you are more than you suggest? But he does nothing for you. Nothing. You are no better than prized livestock. Call for him. Call, tell him of your previous circumstances and see what it earns you...Solomon. Eliza uses Solomon's name quite pointedly as if to underscore his true self. Solomon get her meaning. Yet he says nothing. Again, pointedly:
67) 26) dialog: So, you've settled into your role as Platt, then?
67) 35) dialog: I accuse you of nothing. I cannot accuse. I too have done so many, many dishonorable things to survive. And for all of them I have ended up here... No better than if I had stood up for myself. Father, Lord and Savior forgive me... Forgive me. Oh, Solomon, let me weep for my children.