51) 0) text: We come in on an odd sort of sight; A JUMBLE OF ACTIVITY. CUSTOMERS have come to see Freeman's lot - the room all gussied up with flowers. Freeman moves among them, displaying them as a rancher would prize chattel. Freeman makes the slaves hold their heads up - "look smart" as he previously admonished them. They are made to walk briskly back and forth while customers feel their hands and arms and bodies, turn them about and ask what skills they possess. The Customers routinely make the slaves open their mouths and show their teeth. At times a MALE or FEMALE SLAVE are taken off to the side, stripped and inspected more minutely. One of them, John, is stripped and inspected. Cape, as he's done previously, plays his fiddle. A buyer - WILLIAM FORD; a man of middle age, and an attractive nature in his tone of voice - consults a list he's drawn up and asks of Freeman:
51) 1) dialog: What is the price for the ones Platt and Eliza?
51) 3) dialog: You will accept a note?
51) 18) dialog: How much for the little girl? You have no need for her. One so young will bring you no profit.
51) 26) dialog: Her child, man. For God's sake, are you not sentimental in the least?
51) 28) dialog: I will take the ones Platt and Eliza. Eliza grips her children tight.
52) 0) text: Driven in a horse drawn wagon by Ford are Solomon and Eliza. Eliza is sullen to say the least. With the loss of her two children she has dropped into a depression she will not be able to pull out of.
52) 12) dialog: Make me something to eat, dear. The day has taken it from me.
52) 14) dialog: Mr. Chapin--
52) 17) dialog: Separated from her children.
52) 19) dialog: It couldn't be helped.
52) 21) dialog: Mr. Chapin, tomorrow you will take these two up to the mill and start them workin'. For now make them
52) 26) dialog: adequate; fix them a meal, and have them rest themselves.
58) 9) dialog: "But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. God is not the God of the dead, but of the living. And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine. Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying, Master, which is the great commandment in the law? Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." Despite the lightness with which Ford speaks and the hope in his words, ELIZA SITS OFF TO THE SIDE - SELF-SECLUDED A BIT - WEEPING GENTLY. We should be able to see in Mistress Ford's eyes that Eliza's constant crying is unsettling.
59) 6) dialog: What is the commotion?
59) 8) dialog: It is. A gift from his Mistress.
59) 10) dialog: I encourage it. As a Christian I can do no less.
59) 16) dialog: Pay him no mind. The word of God applies to all. In that you may take comfort.
60) 0) text: Sam is at the reigns of the wagon carrying the timber to Ford's WORK AREA. Slaves trudge alongside, same as it ever was. Only...it's not quite the same. Sam brings the wagon to a halt. He, and the slaves look up the road ahead of them. Standing in the middle of the road is a group of CHICKASAWS INDIANS. They are in their "usual" dress of buckskin breeches and calico hunting shirts of fantastic colors, buttoned from belt to chin. They have with them DOGS and HORSES. They carry with them the carcass of a deer. The two groups stare at each other for a long moment.
63) 0) text: Just beyond the WORK AREA Solomon speaks with Ford as Tibeats listens. Solomon is drawing in the dirt, making rough diagrams for Ford as he explains himself.
63) 16) dialog: 
65) 0) text: Ford and a group of slaves wait along the river banks just beyond the WORK AREA. All are expectant in their manner. A long moment passes with no sign of Solomon. Then, from up river, we see Solomon's raft of lumber winding its way. SLAVES CHEER, and Ford literally applauds the effort. Tibeats looks pissed. He has just been shown up after all.
66) 0) text: As we come into the scene, Ford is presenting Solomon with a fiddle. Not as grand as the one he previously owned in New York, but a fine instrument none the less. It is a gift of thanks for his hard work. Solomon's gratitude is easily expressed.
66) 6) dialog: My thanks to you, and it is the least of it. My hope is that it brings us both much joy over the years. Following the statement, Solomon's not sure how to react. He remains grateful, but the thought of "over the years" is just a reminder of the altered state in which he now finds himself.
68) 2) dialog: And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them, And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. The phrase seems to trigger Eliza's tears. She begins to sob uncontrollably. Mrs. Ford turns to Rachel in a hushed whisper-
68) 4) dialog: But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. Woe unto
68) 9) dialog: the world because of offences! For it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!
69) 4) dialog: He's a good carpenter and quick- witted.
69) 6) dialog: You won't find a nigger more humble.
69) 9) dialog: Not your concern, Platt. I say with much...shame I have compiled debts. I have long preached austerity, but find myself hypocritical in that regard. You'll be in the ownership of Mr. Tibeats. You are his now. Serve him as you'd serve me.
69) 11) dialog: And your faithfulness will not be forgotten.
69) 19) dialog: Pride and want have been my sin. Loss of you is but one of my punishments.
75) 0) text: The sun is just now arching for the horizon. Solomon remains, as though his torture will not end. Ford, trailed by Sam, finally comes riding up. He dismounts, and moves swiftly over to Solomon. With great heartache:
75) 1) dialog: Platt... My poor Platt. Ford produces a blade and cuts Solomon loose. Solomon attempts to carry himself, but he cannot. He falls to the ground and passes out.
76) 0) text: As we come into the scene, Solomon lays on a blanket on the floor. Eventually, his eyes flutter, then open. He is in the foyer of the Ford house. As he gets his bearings, he looks around the interior. THE SPACE IS HANDSOME, AND WELL DECORATED. It is sharp contrast to the bleak surroundings, shacks and dungeons Solomon has largely been accustom to during his time of slavery. It will be the "first and last time such a sumptuous resting place was granted" during his twelve years of bondage.
76) 4) dialog: I believe Tibeats is skulkin' about the premises somewhere. He wants you dead, and he will attempt to have you so. It's no longer safe for you here. And I don't believe you will remain passive if Tibeats attacks. I have transferred my debt to Edwin Epps. He will take charge of you.
76) 6) dialog: I cannot hear that.
76) 8) dialog: I am trying to save your life! And...I have a debt to be mindful of. That, now, is to Edwin Epps. He is a hard man. Prides himself on being a "nigger breaker." But truthfully I could find no others who would have you. You've made a reputation of yourself. Whatever your circumstances, you are an exceptional nigger, Platt. I fear no good will come of it.