46) 0) text: Hours later. The slaves sit off on one side of the dock, baking in the sun, awaiting their fate. THEOPHILUS FREEMAN - a tall, thin-faced man with light complexion and a little bent - moves along the deck calling out names from a list. The slaves STAND as they are called.
46) 1) dialog: Oren. John. Lethe. Eliza. Randall. Emily. Platt... Platt! Solomon does not respond. Freeman looks around. He spots Solomon.
46) 2) dialog: Captain, who shipped that nigger?
46) 4) dialog: Stand up. Solomon does as told.
46) 5) dialog: You fit the description given. Why didn't you answer when called?
46) 7) dialog: Your name is Platt, and I will teach you your name so that you don't forget. (to the Captain) Shackle my niggers. Get them to my cart. 36.
47) 0) text: "Burch's stock:" arrive at Freeman's slave pen. They are led in by Freeman and his house slave CAPE - a mulatto. The yard is enclosed by plank, standing upright, with ends sharpened instead of brick walls as with Burch's. Including Burch's group there are about 30 SLAVES in the pen. Solomon and the others look around and see nothing but downtrodden and despondent faces. Three men sit next to each other with muzzles and quietly stare back at this new batch of arrivals. One attempts to speak, but all that comes out is a muffled, unintelligible sound.
48) 0) text: The slaves are in various states of undress, men and women alike. They clean themselves, scrubbing with soap and water. Women wash their hair. Men shave, skin is oiled. Freeman walks among them, inspecting them as they primp themselves.
50) 0) text: It's an odd, ironic scene. The slaves are in a large and fairly ornate room within Freeman's house. CAPE PLAYS A PAINFUL TUNE ON A FIDDLE - background music - as Freeman tries to line up A SMALL GROUP OF THE SLAVES, he becomes less patient, jittery and nervous, knowing that his livelihood is at stake, he wants his slaves to make a good impression. Sometimes his patience gets the better of him, and his hands move freely in direction of the slaves. The business has the air of an etiquette class, though what Freeman is trying to do is coach the slaves into being more "sellable." He works with them in groups of five or so.
50) 1) dialog: Tallest to smallest, understand? Are you taller than her? Then you'd go before her. Do it. Move. (to the group) Keep your heads up. A sense of direction; that's how you look smart. None of those saucer eyes. Rid yourself of that smile. Look like a goddamn grinnin' monkey. Put the least thought in your head. C'mon, now. Think of somethin'. Weary of Cape's playing, Solomon moves to Cape. He asks:
50) 6) dialog: He sick of your caterwaulin'. Let him play, boy. Let's see what he can do. Cape reluctantly hands the fiddle over to Solomon. Solomon tunes it a bit, then begins to play. His fingers stiff at first, he takes a moment to warm up. But as he warms up he is, despite the circumstances, masterful.
50) 10) dialog: Keep on. Keep on. Solomon continues to play.
50) 11) dialog: A damn sight better than you, Cape. A damn sight better. Cape looks bitter as Solomon plays on.
51) 0) text: We come in on an odd sort of sight; A JUMBLE OF ACTIVITY. CUSTOMERS have come to see Freeman's lot - the room all gussied up with flowers. Freeman moves among them, displaying them as a rancher would prize chattel. Freeman makes the slaves hold their heads up - "look smart" as he previously admonished them. They are made to walk briskly back and forth while customers feel their hands and arms and bodies, turn them about and ask what skills they possess. The Customers routinely make the slaves open their mouths and show their teeth. At times a MALE or FEMALE SLAVE are taken off to the side, stripped and inspected more minutely. One of them, John, is stripped and inspected. Cape, as he's done previously, plays his fiddle. A buyer - WILLIAM FORD; a man of middle age, and an attractive nature in his tone of voice - consults a list he's drawn up and asks of Freeman:
51) 2) dialog: A thousand for Platt; he is a nigger of talent. Seven hundred for Eliza. My fairest price.
51) 4) dialog: As always, from you, Mr. Ford. Eliza is beside herself as it seems she is about to be separated from her family. She begs of Ford:
51) 12) dialog: Eliza, quiet!
51) 15) dialog: You see how fit the boy is. Like ripe fruit. He will grow into a fine beast. Randall is made to run, and jump by FREEMAN - exhibiting his activity and his condition.
51) 16) dialog: Six hundred, and that's fair and final.
51) 19) dialog: I will not sell the girl. There's heaps 'n piles of money to be made off her. She is a beauty. One of the regular bloods. None of your thick-lipped, bullet headed, cotton picking niggers.
51) 27) dialog: My sentimentality stretches the length of a coin. Do you want the lot, Mr. Ford, or do you pass on them all?
51) 38) dialog: Take her out of here. Cape DROPS HIS FIDDLE, begins to pull Eliza away toward the door of the room, but her screaming and pleading do not abate. IT IS CLEARLY UNSETTLING TO THE OTHER BUYERS.
51) 39) dialog: Keep her quiet. Cape tries to muzzle her with his hand, but Eliza continues to scream for her children as Emily does for her mother.
51) 41) dialog: 
51) 43) dialog: Play! Solomon plays harder and more loudly. Still, it is barely enough to drown out Eliza's cries. Freeman gets the other slaves to clap along with Solomon's playing. Emily frees herself and runs back, crying but endeavoring to be strong-
51) 45) dialog: Make merry, all of you! Goddamn it, Cape! Keep her quiet or it's your damned hide I will take it out of! Cape pulls a rag, stuffs it in Eliza's mouth. Clamping both hands over her mouth, he hauls Eliza from the room by the head. IT IS AN UGLY, UGLY SCENE. 40A.