10) 0) text: Solomon is now out for a stroll. He passes two men - two in particular - who stand outside conversing with MR. MOON himself: MERRILL BROWN and ABRAM HAMILTON. Brown is about 40, with a countenance indicating shrewdness and intelligence. Hamilton is closer to 25, a man of fair complexion and light eyes. Both are finely, if perhaps a bit garishly, dressed. Hamilton, as Solomon describes him, slightly effeminate. Moon, spotting Solomon:
10) 4) dialog: He was indeed.
11) 0) text: We make a jump to a green space. Solomon, Brown and Hamilton are sitting at a bench.
11) 2) dialog: That is our usual employee. The company currently in the city of Washington.
11) 4) dialog: And I myself in aide of Mr. Brown; an internationally renowned practitioner in the art of prestidigitation.
11) 6) dialog: The reason for our inquiry with Mr. Moon...
11) 20) dialog: Consider it an opportunity to see
11) 23) dialog: If there is any way in which you would give consideration to the offer... Solomon gives the whole deal one last consideration.
11) 25) dialog: We are delighted, sir. So delighted. Though we would add that our travel plans--
14) 0) text: Solomon enters the buggy, carpet bag in hand. Brown and Hamilton are waiting. They ride in a covered carriage led by a pair of "noble" horses.
14) 1) dialog: No letter to post?
16) 0) text: After the show, the pub now fairly empty, Solomon, Hamilton and Brown sit down to eat. Hamilton and Brown drink, but again Solomon abstains. Though Solomon remains cool, Hamilton and Brown put up a great show of being disappointed as Hamilton counts out what little money was collected.
16) 1) dialog: Not an additional tip from a one of them. They expect to be entertained for nothing.
16) 4) dialog: My sincerest apologies, Solomon. You were promised opportunity, and you were given none.
16) 6) dialog: True.
16) 16) dialog: Entertaining at pubs and inns has it's place, but a man of your skills deserves better.
16) 18) dialog: And more importantly you would build your own name and following. The circus tends to attract those with the highest of reputations. An introduction here and there could amount to a lifetime of reward. Now would be the time. With your family away, an opportunity presents itself.
16) 22) dialog: Oh, very good, sir. Very good. I cannot recall being so excited.
16) 26) dialog: Six shillings worth of effort could well save much trouble later.
17) 0) text: The city is a swarm of people. At the moment the populace is displaying both sorrow and anticipation. Sorrow for the loss of the President. Many are dressed in black, and black crepe hangs nearly everywhere. Black armbands are frequently seen, and the occasional American Flag hung at half mast. As well, there are portraits of Harrison at varying locations. Having arrived in Washington, Solomon, Hamilton and Brown RIDE ONWARD IN THEIR CARRIAGE.
18) 0) text: A decent though crowded, boisterous and smoke-filled joint. Very lively. Solomon, Hamilton and Brown are among several parties drinking in the hotel's bar. As with seemingly everywhere in the city black crepes accessorize the background. Brown counts out $43.00 IN COIN on the tabletop. Solomon is astonished by the amount.
18) 4) dialog: You should have invited him to sup with us.
18) 20) dialog: Cheers.
19) 0) text: WE MAKE A HARD CUT to Solomon outside of the Pub, in an alley, with Brown and Hamilton in silhouette, back-lit by the street lights. He is violently ill, hunched over and retching horribly.
19) 1) dialog: That's all right Solomon. No shame in it. No shame at all. 15.
20) 0) text: Hamilton and Brown help Solomon to lumber up the spiral staircase, passing the occasional bemused guest.
21) 0) text: Hamilton is placing a spittoon near Solomon's bed, where a prone and reeling Solomon lays. Hamilton sits on the bed. As he strokes Solomon's sweaty face, Hamilton speaks sweetly.
21) 1) dialog: I'm afraid that Brown and I haven't brought you much luck. But rough waters bring smooth sailing. Eventually they do.
21) 3) dialog: Shhh. We won't hear it. We won't.
21) 5) dialog: Hmm. A good night's sleep. And tomorrow...tomorrow you will feel as well and refreshed as though the earth were new again. Hamilton lingers a bit too long and a bit too close to Solomon for Brown's taste. With more than a bit of
21) 8) dialog: Such is the pity. Displaying an odd sort of disappointment, Hamilton slinks away from the bed. He crosses to, and BLOWS OUT A CANDLE. The room goes dark with a blackness more than night. Brown and Hamilton exit. Solomon lays in the dark and moans. His sounds becoming MORE AND MORE DISTRESSED.