26) 0) text: It is a yard just beyond Burch's. The yard is hemmed in by a brick wall. In the yard are two men, and a boy. The oldest is CLEMENS RAY a man of about 25 years of age. He is well educated. JOHN WILLIAMS is about 20 years old. He is born and bred a slave, is lacking in education, and overwhelmed with fear of the situation. Finally there is a child about 10 years of age who answers to the name of Randall. Solomon, Clemens Ray, John and Randall ALL STAND NAKED. Though they try to cover their privates a bit, they are all aware of the uselessness of modesty. Radburn is present. He has before him A COUPLE OF BUCKETS OF COLD WATER. He throws water on the naked men.
28) 0) text: Sitting together out in the yard are Clemens Ray, John and Solomon. Over time they have drawn trustworthy enough to speak with one another. At the moment Solomon is still trying to apply reason to the situation.
28) 22) dialog: No.
28) 24) dialog: For y'all. For y'all they ain't nothin' but that! But John was'n kidnapped. John bein' hold as debt, tha's all. Massa pay his debt, and John be redeemed--
28) 26) dialog: Now John's...John's sorry for y'all, but tha's how it be. Where y'all goin', yah goin' witout John. Massa take care of me. Massa take care.
31) 0) text: We now have Solomon, Clemens, John, Eliza and the children. They are being cuffed together. As John is cuffed, he pulls back. Scared. He beings in
31) 2) dialog: John's massa gunna pay his debt. John's massa gunna come for him.
31) 7) dialog: John's massa gunna-- Burch again strikes John until he's quiet. Curiously, Emily and Randall don't even flinch. Why would they? They are quite used to seeing this kind of violence.
34) 0) text: The slaves are hustled down one at a time into a dark, dank hold among barrels and boxes of freight...and RATS. Burch comes around and "checks" the chains; makes sure they are all secure and locked. Satisfied, he heads up out of the hold. Radburn follows. Alone in the dark in the hold, John cries, as does Eliza. Solomon stares down Burch for as long as he can, as if wishing bad things. As if wanting to exact some measure of revenge. But the greater insult is that Burch and Radburn, engaged in conversation, take no notice of Solomon whatsoever. He is that insignificant to them. That fact, that reality, makes Solomon boil with a rage he cannot express in words.
51) 0) text: We come in on an odd sort of sight; A JUMBLE OF ACTIVITY. CUSTOMERS have come to see Freeman's lot - the room all gussied up with flowers. Freeman moves among them, displaying them as a rancher would prize chattel. Freeman makes the slaves hold their heads up - "look smart" as he previously admonished them. They are made to walk briskly back and forth while customers feel their hands and arms and bodies, turn them about and ask what skills they possess. The Customers routinely make the slaves open their mouths and show their teeth. At times a MALE or FEMALE SLAVE are taken off to the side, stripped and inspected more minutely. One of them, John, is stripped and inspected. Cape, as he's done previously, plays his fiddle. A buyer - WILLIAM FORD; a man of middle age, and an attractive nature in his tone of voice - consults a list he's drawn up and asks of Freeman:
53) 0) text: John Tibeats, stands before the slaves. Chapin hovers to  one side. 
57) 0) text: It is a sizable work area on the edge of Indian Creek. There is much work being done, the slaves primarily employed in piling the timber and chopping it into lumber. As before, there is little doubt about the rigors of the job at hand. Working as a carpenter at the work area is JOHN TIBEATS. There are also various CUSTOMERS who move about placing orders.
131) 0) text: A female voice appears out of the blackness and begins to sing solo, "Went down to the river Jordan." A response of "Oh Yeah" quickly follows. Again the singer continues, "where John baptized three." The same faces we have seen on Epps' plantation, but now filled with rapture, appear. It's as if the voices have created a new form of awakening and presence. It seems to transcend and translate in a strange way, joy. A joy which has un-yet been seen on screen. A joy which has been hidden, but a joy which is undoubtedly there. It's captivating, infectious. This should be a moving part of the film, which stirs the audience and, for a moment, relieves them of the seemingly chastising environment. The singer continues, "Well some say John was a Baptist, some say John was a Jew, but I say John was a preacher, because the Bible says so too, preach on Johnny." And with that, the rest of the congregation chant "I believe. Oh, I believe."