3) 0) text: It is a Saturday morning. Clad in her finest attire is ANNE; Solomon's wife, a few years younger than he. We see also the Northup children: MARGARET who is eight, and ALONZO who is five. They are handsome, and well groomed kids. Anne straightens up the children. She finishes,
4) 3) dialog: Jump. You can make it. I've done it. You can make it.
6) 7) dialog: Will you read it again?
6) 9) dialog: For food that stays our hunger, For rest that brings us ease, For homes where memories linger, We give our thanks for these.
6) 12) dialog: Thank you, Papa.
6) 16) dialog: Papa, I would very much like to learn how to play the violin. Could you teach me?
6) 18) dialog: Yes, but I asked Papa first.
7) 0) text: Solomon and Anne have fun and difficulty putting the unruly children to bed. They are tucked in, and each given a kiss good night. As Margaret lays down to sleep, Anne blows out the candle darkening the room. Silhouetted in the doorway, Solomon takes Anne in his arms, holds her tightly as they both luxuriate in the simple, beautiful gift that is their children.
113) 0) text: We see a sharp object scratching onto a surface. The  tool moves on to form another mark. The sound is  repetitive and almost unbearable. As we move out, we see  the names Anne, Margaret, Alonzo. They are engraved onto  the violin, in the hidden area where Solomon would rest  his chin.  Solomon looks at it for a moment, moving his fingertips  across the engraving. His face full of loss.  Sadly, he lifts his instrument under his chin and leaning his head to the side as if to play. 
150) 0) text: THE DOOR TO THE ROOM OPENS. Mr. Parker enters, Solomon behind. We first see Anne, in her finest attire; the Northup children: Alonzo, who is now seventeen and Margaret who is now twenty - SHE CARRIES WITH HER A BUNDLE. Also present is MARGARET'S HUSBAND. The family waits patiently, dutifully...but anxiously. Anne rises to greet him, but holds back. All around, the body language of the family is stiff and awkward. They are, after all - after twelve years - little more than familiar strangers.
150) 10) dialog: He is my husband.
150) 14) dialog: And this is your grandson. Solomon Northup Staunton.