93) 5) dialog: Nigger Platt.
93) 9) dialog: Drink tea?
93) 11) dialog: Would you knowed Massa Epps's consternation ta be any lessened wit your timely return? Sit. Sit and drink the tea that offered.
93) 19) dialog: L'il gossip on the Sabbath be fine. All things in moderation. Solomon is not sure what to say. He struggles to be as diplomatic as possible.
93) 21) dialog: He do.
93) 23) dialog: No doubt...if not born outta truth itself. The Mistress waves to Shaw. Shaw, unsuspecting of the conversation, waves back.
93) 25) dialog: Nothin' Epps desire come outta concern.
93) 27) dialog: He ain't heard you.
93) 35) dialog: Ha! You worry for me? Got no cause to worry for my sensibilities. I ain't felt the end of a lash in 'mo years than I cain recall. Ain't worked a field, neither. Where one time I served, now I got others servin' me. The cost to my current existence be Massa Shaw broadcasting his affections, 'n me enjoyin' his pantomime of fidelity. If that what keep me from the cotton pickin' niggers, that what it be. A small and reasonable price to be paid 'fo sure. Looking toward Patsey, speaking with great empathy:
97) 0) text: On top of a wood pile, in the back of the smoke house - Epps shoves Patsey. He stops, stands as if gathering his manhood, then he's all over Patsey. He is rough and clumsy. It looks like something between an awkward rape and a virgin attempting his first sexual encounter. Patsey does not respond in any way other than to continually turn her head from Epps, but otherwise remain as still as possible. If there is such a thing, she is vicious with her passive aggressiveness. Epps's frustration mounts until - as the Mistress Shaw had cautioned - he crosses the line from passion to violence. He begins slapping Patsey to get a response from her. When that fails, he punches her which only leads to him taking up his whip and lashing Patsey MERCILESSLY. Still, she gives him nothing. Beaten, Patsey sits in the dirt among the cotton, Epps deep breathing above her. The desire for sex now having left him. Epps heads from the field. Patsey is left where she is.