5) 0) text: We are inside the store of MR. CEPHAS PARKER; a white man and a supplier of general goods. Solomon greets him
5) 3) dialog: Mr. Northup. Mrs. Northup. With money in hand the Northup children move quickly about the store looking for items to purchase.
5) 7) dialog: A new cravat, Solomon? Pure silk by way of the French.
5) 9) dialog: A year's passed? Off to Sandy Hill?
5) 11) dialog: Something to suit your style, but sturdy enough for the forty miles round trip. Handing the Bag to Anne, she is immediately taken by it.
5) 16) dialog: If you would sign our condolence book. My hope is to find a way to forward it to the Widow Harrison. Sad days for the nation.
5) 23) dialog: A moment, sir, and you will be assisted.
5) 32) dialog: Forgive me, Mrs. Northup. A customer waits. Welcome, sir. To Jasper, with good nature:
5) 34) dialog: Ignore the gentleman's nonsense. Now, may I interest you in a new cravat? Pure silk by way of the-- Before Parker can finish, the door opens. It's Jasper's Master, FITZGERALD. He's stern, clearly displeased.
148) 46) dialog: He is Solomon Northup.
148) 48) dialog: He belongs to no man.
148) 52) dialog: As is your right. As it will be my pleasure to bankrupt you in the courts. Your decision. By this time, the slaves in the plantation have overcome their fear of penalty, and left their work and gathered in the yard as witnesses. They stand behind the cabin, out of sight of Epps. Mistress Epps also bears witness, standing on the veranda next to her house slave. Her face is of a strange mixed emotion. Epps looks to Solomon. Solomon icily, stoically holds his ground. He makes it quite clear in his countenance that nobody owns him. Sheriff, hand on his gun, is there to back Solomon up. Epps, with no other recourse than to
148) 62) dialog: Solomon...if we know what's wise, we should depart. A moment longer Solomon and Patsey hold each other. They separate, Solomon heading back to the carriage. He and Parker alight. The Sheriff chides the horses and they
149) 2) dialog: Are you ready? Solomon swallows and nods.
150) 0) text: THE DOOR TO THE ROOM OPENS. Mr. Parker enters, Solomon behind. We first see Anne, in her finest attire; the Northup children: Alonzo, who is now seventeen and Margaret who is now twenty - SHE CARRIES WITH HER A BUNDLE. Also present is MARGARET'S HUSBAND. The family waits patiently, dutifully...but anxiously. Anne rises to greet him, but holds back. All around, the body language of the family is stiff and awkward. They are, after all - after twelve years - little more than familiar strangers.