93) 7) dialog: Sabbath day. I's free ta roam.
94) 0) text: Solomon and Patsey are returning from Shaw's. Waiting on the porch of the Great House, a drunk Epps beckons for Patsey, his lewd intentions obvious.
97) 0) text: On top of a wood pile, in the back of the smoke house - Epps shoves Patsey. He stops, stands as if gathering his manhood, then he's all over Patsey. He is rough and clumsy. It looks like something between an awkward rape and a virgin attempting his first sexual encounter. Patsey does not respond in any way other than to continually turn her head from Epps, but otherwise remain as still as possible. If there is such a thing, she is vicious with her passive aggressiveness. Epps's frustration mounts until - as the Mistress Shaw had cautioned - he crosses the line from passion to violence. He begins slapping Patsey to get a response from her. When that fails, he punches her which only leads to him taking up his whip and lashing Patsey MERCILESSLY. Still, she gives him nothing. Beaten, Patsey sits in the dirt among the cotton, Epps deep breathing above her. The desire for sex now having left him. Epps heads from the field. Patsey is left where she is.
102) 0) text: We come up on the slaves who lay sleeping. All except for Patsey. She rises from her bedding, goes to a corner of the cabin and removes something from a secretive location. She then moves over to Platt.
102) 1) dialog: Platt... Platt, you awake?
102) 3) dialog: I have a request; an act of kindness.
102) 8) dialog: I secreted it from the Mistress.
102) 10) dialog: It yours, Platt.
102) 12) dialog: All I ask: end my life. Take my body to the margin of the swamp-- Solomon looks at Patsey as though she were insane.
102) 14) dialog: Take me by the throat. Hold me low in the water until I's still 'n without life. Bury me in a lonely place of dyin'.
102) 17) dialog: I thought on it long and hard.
102) 19) dialog: How can you not know? I got no comfort in this life. If I cain't buy mercy from yah, I'll beg it.
102) 21) dialog: I'm begging you!
102) 27) dialog: There is God here! God is merciful, and He forgive merciful acts. Won't be no hell for you. Do it. Do what I ain't got the strength ta do myself. Solomon says nothing. Clearly he's not about to do the deed. With nothing else to do, knowing she is damned with every breath she draws, Patsey crawls back to her spot on the floor and lays herself down.
127) 0) text: We come in after the punishment has been dealt. Patsey tends to Uncle Abram's back as Armsby applies liniments to Solomon's. As he does, Armsby muses:
135) 0) text: The slaves are at rest. Gripping his whip Epps enters, without so much as a knock at the door. For a moment there's curiosity; is he there for a dance, for Patsey...? Looking right to Solomon:
140) 0) text: It's the Sabbath. The slaves are left to themselves to do their own chores. At the moment the female slaves are washing their clothes in large cauldrons, slapping their clothes against washing boards and hanging them up to dry near to their living quarters behind the plantation. It is a sight of ritual. Missing from the field of labor is Patsey, for whom Epps hollers.
141) 0) text: Epps sits on the piazza looking quite forlorn. He looks up only to see PATSEY RETURNING TO THE PLANTATION. Epps steps up to greet her, with anger rather than relief. As they hear his angry voice, the slaves step around from where they are hanging their laundry to dry. Treach is near as well.
141) 2) dialog: 
141) 5) dialog: I been nowhere.
141) 7) dialog: The Sabbath day, Massa. I took me a walk to commune wit da Lord.
141) 14) dialog: ...No...
141) 26) dialog: Do not strike him. I went to Massa Shaw's plantation!
141) 28) dialog: Freely. And you know why. Patsey takes soap from the pocket of her dress.
141) 29) dialog: I got this from Mistress Shaw. Mistress Epps won't even grant me no soap ta clean with. Stink so much I make myself gag. Five hundred pounds 'a cotton day in, day out. More than any man here. And 'fo that I will be clean; that all I ax. Dis here what I went to Shaw's 'fo.
141) 31) dialog: The Lord knows that's all.
141) 33) dialog: And you blind wit yer own covetousness. I don't lie, Massa. If you kill me, I'll stick ta that.
141) 43) dialog: I'd rather it you, Platt.
141) 54) dialog: Do it, Platt. Don't stop until I am dead. What else can he do? Solomon begins to whip, to truly whip Patsey. Her back welts, then tears... Patsey screams in agony. Solomon strikes again and again... After a full thirty lashes Solomon looks to Epps, who is not satisfied.
142) 0) text: Patsey is laid on some boards where she remains for a long time with eyes closed and groaning in agony. Phebe applies melted tallow to her wounds, and all try to assist and console her. In time Patsey opens her eyes. She looks to Solomon. She does not say a word. She just looks at him...and then her eyes close again.
148) 61) dialog: Platt... Disregarding Parker, Solomon crosses over to Patsey. Under the circumstances, neither really knows how to engage. Finally, suddenly, Patsey throws her arms around Solomon and they embrace. Epps, now mounted on his horse, witness the encounter. Kicking the stirrups hard into the sides of the horse, he rides off furiously. Calling from the carriage, mindful of Epps: