23) 0) text: Solomon again awakens. He hears sounds beyond the door...footsteps. Eventually the door opens. Enter JAMES BURCH - who runs the slave pen - and EBENEZER RADBURN who works as a turnkey and overseer. As the door opens, this is the first light to seep into the otherwise near-black room. The shine is painful to Solomon's eyes. With no salutation whatsoever, Burch
23) 27) dialog: I seen a good many of the black kind just where yah're. Sick. Make me sick. Often times the situation was resolved, and I think; what was all the beatin' and abuse for? Things end as they should, and the violence was for naught. So why cause trouble when they ain't no cause for it? Be of a cooperative nature, and things don't need be particularly unpleasant.
26) 0) text: It is a yard just beyond Burch's. The yard is hemmed in by a brick wall. In the yard are two men, and a boy. The oldest is CLEMENS RAY a man of about 25 years of age. He is well educated. JOHN WILLIAMS is about 20 years old. He is born and bred a slave, is lacking in education, and overwhelmed with fear of the situation. Finally there is a child about 10 years of age who answers to the name of Randall. Solomon, Clemens Ray, John and Randall ALL STAND NAKED. Though they try to cover their privates a bit, they are all aware of the uselessness of modesty. Radburn is present. He has before him A COUPLE OF BUCKETS OF COLD WATER. He throws water on the naked men.
26) 1) dialog: Go on. Warsh up. The men, soaking in humility as well as water, begin to scrub with A SINGLE BAR OF HARSH SOAP passed among them.
26) 2) dialog: The boy, too. Get him clean. Solomon takes some soap and rubs it over Randall.
26) 3) dialog: Scrub now. Git 'em clean. Solomon scrubs harder. Randall - clearly cold and uncomfortable - appeals to Solomon.
26) 5) dialog: Hush him up! Seeing Solomon has no answer for him, Randall begins to cry.
27) 0) text: Radburn brings food in to Solomon; a shriveled piece of meat and some water. Just barely enough to sustain Solomon. Radburn also has a SHIRT.
27) 1) dialog: That old thing of yours is just rags and tatters. Need something proper to wear. Solomon doesn't move for the clothing.
27) 2) dialog: Go'won. Put it on. With slow defiance, Solomon does as instructed. He removes what remains of his old shirt - the one he was wearing when first kidnapped - and puts on the one Radburn brought him. The shirt's ill-fitting and dirty. Despite that, Radburn says:
27) 3) dialog: There. Tha's fine. Tha's fine. Got no gratitude?
27) 5) dialog: Yah keep bein' proper, yah'll see how things work out. Radburn starts to take the old shirt.
27) 7) dialog: Rags and tatters. Rags and tatters. Taking the shirt, the "rags and tatters" as he calls them, Radburn exits, locking the door behind him. Solomon sits with the plate of food before him. He pushes the plate away rather than eat.
30) 0) text: It's the deep of night, all are sleeping. A KEY TURNS IN THE LOCK AND THE DOOR OPENS. Burch enters with Radburn beside him. Both carry LANTERNS with them. Hardly giving Solomon and Eliza a moment to rouse themselves,
30) 6) dialog: Ain't no need for all that. Putting hand to Randall's head.
30) 7) dialog: Jus takin' a li'l trip, tha's all. Don't want to frighten the chil'ren none over a li'l boat ride, do yah? Eliza gives a shake of her head to the negative.
30) 8) dialog: Alright then. Git yerselves up.
34) 0) text: The slaves are hustled down one at a time into a dark, dank hold among barrels and boxes of freight...and RATS. Burch comes around and "checks" the chains; makes sure they are all secure and locked. Satisfied, he heads up out of the hold. Radburn follows. Alone in the dark in the hold, John cries, as does Eliza. Solomon stares down Burch for as long as he can, as if wishing bad things. As if wanting to exact some measure of revenge. But the greater insult is that Burch and Radburn, engaged in conversation, take no notice of Solomon whatsoever. He is that insignificant to them. That fact, that reality, makes Solomon boil with a rage he cannot express in words.
38) 0) text: We see a flat overhead view of the port of Norfolk.  Sardines are laid out to dry in rows, glittering in the  day's sun as if like silver pennies. A chain of slaves  enter the frame and are led one by one on to the docked  vessel.  MORE SLAVES - about 15 in all, of various genders and  ages - are brought on board. Chief among them is ROBERT  who fights viciously with his captors. "With all haste"  is shoved down into the hold.  Having taken their cargo as far as they care or need to,  Burch and Radburn depart. They do so without a word  spoken to Solomon or the others.  With this new and sizable batch of slaves on board, the  crew again CASTS OFF, and the Orleans makes its way  again. 