38) 0) text: We see a flat overhead view of the port of Norfolk.  Sardines are laid out to dry in rows, glittering in the  day's sun as if like silver pennies. A chain of slaves  enter the frame and are led one by one on to the docked  vessel.  MORE SLAVES - about 15 in all, of various genders and  ages - are brought on board. Chief among them is ROBERT  who fights viciously with his captors. "With all haste"  is shoved down into the hold.  Having taken their cargo as far as they care or need to,  Burch and Radburn depart. They do so without a word  spoken to Solomon or the others.  With this new and sizable batch of slaves on board, the  crew again CASTS OFF, and the Orleans makes its way  again. 
39) 0) text: Solomon is back cleaning in the galley. As he cleans, he again watches Robert prep food. Robert's skill with a knife is not lost on Solomon.
40) 0) text: The hold is packed tighter now.  Muzzle covering his face, Robert is shackled with his  hands tied behind his back. Solomon and Clemens Ray look  on.  A sailor descends the staircase and takes off Robert's  muzzle, shooting him a forbidding look. He leaves. 
40) 9) dialog: I say we fight.  Robert delivers this in a hushed voice. 
40) 12) dialog: All I know, we get where we  travelling we'll wish we'd died  trying. 
42) 0) text: The slaves are asleep.  A Sailor descends the ladder approaching Eliza. He bends  down and attempts to wake the daughter by caressing her  face.  Solomon rouses, and looks across to witness the scene.  From his vantage point, we see Eliza stand to interrupt  the Sailor. The Sailor looks at Eliza, Eliza looks back  at him. Knowingly she leads him off into a corner of the  hold.  As she does so, Eliza passes Robert who jumps up to stand between Eliza and the Sailor. Stretching out a firm hand  to the sailor's shoulder, Robert's look says "No you  don't."  Clemens Ray is awake now, watching.  There is an odd moment of stillness between the Sailor  and Robert, an impasse.  We focus on the Sailor's face. Slowly, a greasy smile  erupts upon it. Back now to Robert's face, a look of  incomprehension.  Robert looks down. We follow his gaze to the knife that  has already been jabbed unseen between Robert's ribs.  The sailor withdraws the bloody blade.  A wide shot of the two men. Robert collapses to the  floor like a sack of potatoes.  Clemens Ray and Solomon react. Complete horror. 
43) 0) text: We are back up on the deck of the ship. SOLOMON AND  CLEMENS RAY dump ROBERT's body over the side of the ship. Solomon watches as the body churns for a moment in the wake of the vessel... then sinks beneath the water.  Clemens Ray, with no sentimentality:
44) 0) text: Solomon's POV from the back of the steamship of Robert's  corpse slipping gracefully into the water. 