2) 0) text: We come in on a lively affair. A dinner party is being thrown within the confines of a fairly stately house. In attendance are EIGHT COUPLES. All are WHITE and all are FAIRLY YOUNG, in their early twenties. The men and women are dressed in very fine attire. We should get the sense that for the most part they are people of means. The furniture has been set aside in the living room. At the moment the couples are engaged in the dancing of a REEL. The music they are dancing to is being played by Solomon, having cut directly from the tune he was previously playing. He plays with a light determination, and in no way seems possessed with empty servitude. Solomon concludes the reel, and the dancers break into enthusiastic applause, which is followed by personal thanks and congratulations from all. It should be clear that despite their respective races there is much admiration and appreciation for Solomon's abilities.
3) 0) text: It is a Saturday morning. Clad in her finest attire is ANNE; Solomon's wife, a few years younger than he. We see also the Northup children: MARGARET who is eight, and ALONZO who is five. They are handsome, and well groomed kids. Anne straightens up the children. She finishes,
4) 0) text: Solomon and his family are out walking along the streets and groves of Saratoga. The streets are well populated this morning with many people out strolling. Most are WHITE, but there are BLACKS as well. They are FREED BLACKS who mingle fairly easily - though not always completely - with the whites. We see, too, a few BLACK SLAVES who travel with their WHITE MASTERS. These pairings are largely from the south and - despite the fact the blacks are slaves - they are not physically downtrodden, not field hands. They are well dressed and "leading apparently an easy life" - comparatively speaking - as they trail their masters. As they walk, Solomon and his family arrive to an intersection well-worn and muddied from horse and cart traffic. Solomon and his children easily jump across the muck. Anne stands at the lip of the puddle, calls for Solomon to help her across.
4) 2) dialog: Come, Anne. Jump. The children, now smiling as well, egg their mother on.
4) 9) dialog: I will catch you, Anne.
5) 0) text: We are inside the store of MR. CEPHAS PARKER; a white man and a supplier of general goods. Solomon greets him
5) 2) dialog: Mr. Parker.
5) 6) dialog: 
5) 8) dialog: We are in need of a fresh carry all for the Mrs's travels.
5) 13) dialog: 
5) 17) dialog: Yes, certainly. Poor Mrs. Harris and her children. I hope brighter times ahead.
5) 24) dialog: If we could discuss the price...
5) 33) dialog: Shop well, but mind your wallet.
5) 37) dialog: No intrusion. Fitzgerald looks to Solomon. It is a cold glare as though he wasn't speaking to, and has no interest in a response from a black man. Looking back to Parker:
6) 0) text: Anne, busy in the kitchen, puts the final touches to the meal, which is just about to begin. Solomon, in the meanwhile, sits at the head of the table reading from a NEWSPAPER. He reads to his children solemn news of the funeral arrangements for the recently deceased President Harrison.
6) 1) dialog: "Thus has passed away from earth our late President." Solomon starts from the top of the article.
6) 2) dialog: "During the morning, from sunrise, the heavy bells had been pealing forth their slow and solemn toll while the minute guns announced that soon the grave would receive its trust. Our city as well as our entire nation has been called to weep over the fall of a great and good man. One who was by the wishes of a large majority of our
6) 6) dialog: people raised to fill the highest place of trust within their gift. William Henry Harrison." A long moment of quiet, the family continuing to eat. Then, from Margaret:
6) 11) dialog: Margaret, that was wonderful.
6) 13) dialog: Alonzo, do you have something to say?
6) 19) dialog: Both of you, calm down. We will have our first lesson after this wonderful dinner. And on that note, let's start eating.
7) 0) text: Solomon and Anne have fun and difficulty putting the unruly children to bed. They are tucked in, and each given a kiss good night. As Margaret lays down to sleep, Anne blows out the candle darkening the room. Silhouetted in the doorway, Solomon takes Anne in his arms, holds her tightly as they both luxuriate in the simple, beautiful gift that is their children.
8) 0) text: Now alone together, we see Anne and Solomon wrapped in each other's arms. Beyond being physically close, emotionally close, they are just so very comfortable with one another. They are the very representation of a couple who are made for each other.
8) 2) dialog: 
8) 5) dialog: I won't stay idle.  SOLOMON's eyes lower. 
8) 7) dialog: If only I didn't have to share  your cooking with other people.  ANNE holds his gaze. 
9) 1) dialog: Travel safely.
10) 0) text: Solomon is now out for a stroll. He passes two men - two in particular - who stand outside conversing with MR. MOON himself: MERRILL BROWN and ABRAM HAMILTON. Brown is about 40, with a countenance indicating shrewdness and intelligence. Hamilton is closer to 25, a man of fair complexion and light eyes. Both are finely, if perhaps a bit garishly, dressed. Hamilton, as Solomon describes him, slightly effeminate. Moon, spotting Solomon:
10) 5) dialog: Mr. Moon is being overly gracious.
11) 0) text: We make a jump to a green space. Solomon, Brown and Hamilton are sitting at a bench.
11) 1) dialog: A circus?
11) 17) dialog: Thank you sir...
11) 19) dialog: You understand this is all very sudden.
11) 22) dialog: It's intriguing...
11) 24) dialog: The payment offered is enticement enough, as is my desire to visit the metropolis.
11) 34) dialog: As luck would have it, my wife and children are traveling. I will write her of our plans.
12) 0) text: Back in his house, we see Solomon packing: putting some clothes in a travel case, and collecting his violin as well.
13) 0) text: Solomon sits down to write a letter; pen poised over paper with already a few lines written. But Solomon thinks better of it. WITH LITTLE THOUGHT HE TEARS THE
14) 0) text: Solomon enters the buggy, carpet bag in hand. Brown and Hamilton are waiting. They ride in a covered carriage led by a pair of "noble" horses.
14) 2) dialog: No need. My return will coincide with my family's.
16) 0) text: After the show, the pub now fairly empty, Solomon, Hamilton and Brown sit down to eat. Hamilton and Brown drink, but again Solomon abstains. Though Solomon remains cool, Hamilton and Brown put up a great show of being disappointed as Hamilton counts out what little money was collected.
16) 3) dialog: It's the national mood. There's too much grief to make room for frivolity.
16) 8) dialog: You have described it, yes.
16) 20) dialog: You present a flattering representation. As my family will be traveling back shortly, perhaps I might commit only to one trial engagement.
16) 24) dialog: Not necessary.
17) 0) text: The city is a swarm of people. At the moment the populace is displaying both sorrow and anticipation. Sorrow for the loss of the President. Many are dressed in black, and black crepe hangs nearly everywhere. Black armbands are frequently seen, and the occasional American Flag hung at half mast. As well, there are portraits of Harrison at varying locations. Having arrived in Washington, Solomon, Hamilton and Brown RIDE ONWARD IN THEIR CARRIAGE.
18) 0) text: A decent though crowded, boisterous and smoke-filled joint. Very lively. Solomon, Hamilton and Brown are among several parties drinking in the hotel's bar. As with seemingly everywhere in the city black crepes accessorize the background. Brown counts out $43.00 IN COIN on the tabletop. Solomon is astonished by the amount.
18) 2) dialog: That...it's far more than my wages amount to.
18) 6) dialog: 
19) 0) text: WE MAKE A HARD CUT to Solomon outside of the Pub, in an alley, with Brown and Hamilton in silhouette, back-lit by the street lights. He is violently ill, hunched over and retching horribly.
20) 0) text: Hamilton and Brown help Solomon to lumber up the spiral staircase, passing the occasional bemused guest.
21) 0) text: Hamilton is placing a spittoon near Solomon's bed, where a prone and reeling Solomon lays. Hamilton sits on the bed. As he strokes Solomon's sweaty face, Hamilton speaks sweetly.
21) 2) dialog: ....So...so sorry...
23) 0) text: Solomon again awakens. He hears sounds beyond the door...footsteps. Eventually the door opens. Enter JAMES BURCH - who runs the slave pen - and EBENEZER RADBURN who works as a turnkey and overseer. As the door opens, this is the first light to seep into the otherwise near-black room. The shine is painful to Solomon's eyes. With no salutation whatsoever, Burch
23) 3) dialog: I am Solomon Northup. I am a free man; a resident of Saratoga, New York. The residence also of my wife and children who are equally free. I have papers. You have no right whatsoever to detain me--
23) 5) dialog: And I promise you - I promise - upon my liberation I will have satisfaction for this wrong.
23) 21) dialog: ...I...I insist... Burch regrets hearing this. Not from sympathy, but rather because he's nearly too tired to go back to beating Solomon. Yet, as if returning to work, Burch returns to pummeling Solomon. Burch punctuates the blows
23) 25) dialog: ...No... Burch goes back to whipping and whipping, and whipping...
23) 34) dialog: Help me! Someone help me! If anyone at all hears him, they do not respond. Solomon continues his plaintive cry for assistance.
24) 0) text: Beginning with a TIGHT SHOT on the shuttered, barred window of Burch's dungeon - Solomon's cries barely eking beyond the space - THE CAMERA PULLS BACK from the building, onto the city until clearly visible is the Nation's capital. It's icon's of freedom - the WHITE HOUSE, the CAPITOL BUILDING - fairly mocking Solomon's captivity. Simultaneously, barren at the early hour and cluttered with litter and the remains of previous day's procession, the city is a bleak and forboding sight.
25) 0) text: IT IS DAY NOW. The door to the yard is thrown open. The harsh white light floods all over Solomon.
26) 0) text: It is a yard just beyond Burch's. The yard is hemmed in by a brick wall. In the yard are two men, and a boy. The oldest is CLEMENS RAY a man of about 25 years of age. He is well educated. JOHN WILLIAMS is about 20 years old. He is born and bred a slave, is lacking in education, and overwhelmed with fear of the situation. Finally there is a child about 10 years of age who answers to the name of Randall. Solomon, Clemens Ray, John and Randall ALL STAND NAKED. Though they try to cover their privates a bit, they are all aware of the uselessness of modesty. Radburn is present. He has before him A COUPLE OF BUCKETS OF COLD WATER. He throws water on the naked men.
26) 8) dialog: Quiet, please. Randall is becoming nearly inconsolable.
26) 16) dialog: Your mother will come, I swear she will, but you must be silent. Please. Be silent! On the seeming strength of Solomon's promise, Randall goes silent. Solomon looks to Radburn, who just throws water on the soapy men. 22.
27) 0) text: Radburn brings food in to Solomon; a shriveled piece of meat and some water. Just barely enough to sustain Solomon. Radburn also has a SHIRT.
27) 4) dialog: ...Thank you...
27) 6) dialog: No! It was from my wife.
28) 0) text: Sitting together out in the yard are Clemens Ray, John and Solomon. Over time they have drawn trustworthy enough to speak with one another. At the moment Solomon is still trying to apply reason to the situation.
28) 6) dialog: This can't stand. It is a crime. I believe now someone lay in wait for me. My drink was altered... We are free men. They have...they have no right to hold us. Solomon waits for a response from the others. They give none.
28) 7) dialog: We need a sympathetic ear. If we have an opportunity to explain our
28) 10) dialog: The two men I journeyed with. I'm certain they're making inquires at this very moment.
28) 12) dialog: They were not kidnappers. They were artists. Fellow performers.
29) 0) text: Later in the evening. Solomon now shares his space with Eliza and her children. As the children rest, Eliza drops into a lament as if pleading her case to Solomon who lends a sympathetic ear.
30) 0) text: It's the deep of night, all are sleeping. A KEY TURNS IN THE LOCK AND THE DOOR OPENS. Burch enters with Radburn beside him. Both carry LANTERNS with them. Hardly giving Solomon and Eliza a moment to rouse themselves,
31) 0) text: We now have Solomon, Clemens, John, Eliza and the children. They are being cuffed together. As John is cuffed, he pulls back. Scared. He beings in
34) 0) text: The slaves are hustled down one at a time into a dark, dank hold among barrels and boxes of freight...and RATS. Burch comes around and "checks" the chains; makes sure they are all secure and locked. Satisfied, he heads up out of the hold. Radburn follows. Alone in the dark in the hold, John cries, as does Eliza. Solomon stares down Burch for as long as he can, as if wishing bad things. As if wanting to exact some measure of revenge. But the greater insult is that Burch and Radburn, engaged in conversation, take no notice of Solomon whatsoever. He is that insignificant to them. That fact, that reality, makes Solomon boil with a rage he cannot express in words.
38) 0) text: We see a flat overhead view of the port of Norfolk.  Sardines are laid out to dry in rows, glittering in the  day's sun as if like silver pennies. A chain of slaves  enter the frame and are led one by one on to the docked  vessel.  MORE SLAVES - about 15 in all, of various genders and  ages - are brought on board. Chief among them is ROBERT  who fights viciously with his captors. "With all haste"  is shoved down into the hold.  Having taken their cargo as far as they care or need to,  Burch and Radburn depart. They do so without a word  spoken to Solomon or the others.  With this new and sizable batch of slaves on board, the  crew again CASTS OFF, and the Orleans makes its way  again. 
39) 0) text: Solomon is back cleaning in the galley. As he cleans, he again watches Robert prep food. Robert's skill with a knife is not lost on Solomon.
40) 0) text: The hold is packed tighter now.  Muzzle covering his face, Robert is shackled with his  hands tied behind his back. Solomon and Clemens Ray look  on.  A sailor descends the staircase and takes off Robert's  muzzle, shooting him a forbidding look. He leaves. 
40) 10) dialog: The crew is fairly small. If it  were well planned, I believe  they could be strong armed. 
40) 14) dialog: Days ago I was with my family, in  my home. Now you tell me all is  lost. "Tell no one who I really  am" if I want to survive. I don't  want to survive, I want to live. 
42) 0) text: The slaves are asleep.  A Sailor descends the ladder approaching Eliza. He bends  down and attempts to wake the daughter by caressing her  face.  Solomon rouses, and looks across to witness the scene.  From his vantage point, we see Eliza stand to interrupt  the Sailor. The Sailor looks at Eliza, Eliza looks back  at him. Knowingly she leads him off into a corner of the  hold.  As she does so, Eliza passes Robert who jumps up to stand between Eliza and the Sailor. Stretching out a firm hand  to the sailor's shoulder, Robert's look says "No you  don't."  Clemens Ray is awake now, watching.  There is an odd moment of stillness between the Sailor  and Robert, an impasse.  We focus on the Sailor's face. Slowly, a greasy smile  erupts upon it. Back now to Robert's face, a look of  incomprehension.  Robert looks down. We follow his gaze to the knife that  has already been jabbed unseen between Robert's ribs.  The sailor withdraws the bloody blade.  A wide shot of the two men. Robert collapses to the  floor like a sack of potatoes.  Clemens Ray and Solomon react. Complete horror. 
43) 0) text: We are back up on the deck of the ship. SOLOMON AND  CLEMENS RAY dump ROBERT's body over the side of the ship. Solomon watches as the body churns for a moment in the wake of the vessel... then sinks beneath the water.  Clemens Ray, with no sentimentality:
44) 0) text: Solomon's POV from the back of the steamship of Robert's  corpse slipping gracefully into the water. 
46) 6) dialog: My name is not Platt. My name is-- Freeman strikes Solomon hard across the face.
47) 0) text: "Burch's stock:" arrive at Freeman's slave pen. They are led in by Freeman and his house slave CAPE - a mulatto. The yard is enclosed by plank, standing upright, with ends sharpened instead of brick walls as with Burch's. Including Burch's group there are about 30 SLAVES in the pen. Solomon and the others look around and see nothing but downtrodden and despondent faces. Three men sit next to each other with muzzles and quietly stare back at this new batch of arrivals. One attempts to speak, but all that comes out is a muffled, unintelligible sound.
50) 2) dialog: Can you play a reel?
50) 5) dialog: If I may...? Cape looks to Freeman:
52) 0) text: Driven in a horse drawn wagon by Ford are Solomon and Eliza. Eliza is sullen to say the least. With the loss of her two children she has dropped into a depression she will not be able to pull out of.
59) 2) dialog: But he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve. For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? Is not he that sitteth at meat? But I am among you as he that serveth. A white customer - WINSLOW - irate at the sight and sound of slaves reading Scripture, crosses over. He grabs the Bible.
61) 0) text: The groups of slaves and Chickasaws are now intermingled. They "break bread" - actually they work on the carcass of the deer which is now roasting over a large fire. As well the group share a smoke on a pipe. One of the Chickasaws is playing a tune on an "INDIAN FIDDLE." The Chickasaws perform a customary dance; trotting after each other, and giving utterance to a guttural, sing-song noise. The slaves enjoy the respite from work, Solomon particularly taken by the music...if not entirely enthralled by it.
62) 0) text: Solomon arrives to some tall grass at the edge of the river. Lowering his trousers, SOLOMON SQUATS TO DEFECATE. As he does, he stares out toward the flowing waters of Indian Creek. After a few moments, as though a thought far greater than relieving himself has come to him, Solomon stands and replaces his pants. Oddly, Solomon stares out at the water as though he were a man possessed.
63) 0) text: Just beyond the WORK AREA Solomon speaks with Ford as Tibeats listens. Solomon is drawing in the dirt, making rough diagrams for Ford as he explains himself.
63) 1) dialog: The creek is plenty deep enough to sail, even with a boat full of load. The distance from the WORK AREA to the point on the latter bayou is several miles by water fewer than land. It occurs to me that the expense of the transportation would be materially
63) 4) dialog: If we use the waterway.
63) 6) dialog: I reckon them at more than twelve feet at their most narrow. Wide enough for a tub to traverse. A team of niggers can clear it out.
63) 15) dialog: I labored repairing the Champlain canal, on the section over which William Van Nortwick was superintendent. With my earnings I hired several efficient hands to assist me, and I entered into contracts for the transportation of large rafts of timber from Lake Champlain to Troy.
65) 0) text: Ford and a group of slaves wait along the river banks just beyond the WORK AREA. All are expectant in their manner. A long moment passes with no sign of Solomon. Then, from up river, we see Solomon's raft of lumber winding its way. SLAVES CHEER, and Ford literally applauds the effort. Tibeats looks pissed. He has just been shown up after all.
66) 0) text: As we come into the scene, Ford is presenting Solomon with a fiddle. Not as grand as the one he previously owned in New York, but a fine instrument none the less. It is a gift of thanks for his hard work. Solomon's gratitude is easily expressed.
66) 5) dialog: My great thanks, Master Ford.
67) 3) dialog: Eliza. Eliza, stop! Solomon goes to her, grabs Eliza. She does not stop. As if to force the misery from her, Solomon SHAKES ELIZA VIOLENTLY.
67) 4) dialog: Stop it! Stop!
67) 6) dialog: You let yourself be overcome by sorrow. You will drown in it.
67) 8) dialog: ...They are as my flesh...
67) 17) dialog: Master Ford is a decent man.
67) 19) dialog: Under the circumstances--
67) 22) dialog: No...
67) 24) dialog: I survive. I will not fall into despair. Woeful and crushed; melancholy is the yolk I see most. I will offer up my talents to Master Ford. I will keep myself hearty until freedom is opportune.
67) 27) dialog: 
67) 33) dialog: protesting my freedom. Do not
69) 8) dialog: Sir, have I done something wrong?
69) 10) dialog: Sir.
69) 18) dialog: Yes, sir.
70) 3) dialog: They are, sir.
70) 5) dialog: As smooth to the touch as a yearling's coat.
70) 7) dialog: Only a matter of perspective, sir. From where you stand you may see differently. But the hands are not mistaken. I ask only that you employ all your senses before rendering judgement. What's Tibeats to do when faced with fact? All he can do is spew invectives.
70) 9) dialog: I'll do as ordered, sir.
71) 0) text: It is day break. As ordered, Solomon is up and working. Chapin is rolling a keg of nails off a handcart for Solomon.
71) 2) dialog: Yes, sir.
72) 0) text: As the day gets on to mid-morning, the sun already baking in the sky, Tibeats makes his way over to Solomon. Even before arriving to Solomon his mien is one of belligerence; out of sorts and something less than sober.
72) 9) dialog: Yes, master. I am about it. I have begun on the other side of the house. Tibeats walks around to look over Solomon's work. He is picayune, as if purposefully looking for fault.
72) 11) dialog: And so I did; and Chapin said he would get another size for you, if you wanted them when he came back from the field. Tibeats walks to the keg and kicks it. Moving toward Solomon "with a great passion:"
72) 13) dialog: I did as instructed. If there's something wrong, then its wrong with your instructions.
72) 17) dialog: I will not. With "concentrated vengeance," Tibeats springs for Solomon, seizing him by the throat with one hand and
72) 25) dialog: 
72) 26) dialog: Master Tibeats wants to whip me for using the nails you gave me.
72) 37) dialog: 
73) 0) text: HOURS HAVE PASSED. The sun is now at its apex. The sight and smell of the red rose bush is more than vivid as Solomon remains tied and dangling exactly where he was left. The scene is both tranquil and horrific. Life on the plantation continues. The OTHER SLAVES work in the field. CHILDREN make their way playfully in the yard. It should all underscore the fact that a black, hanging even partially from a tree, is nothing unusual in this time and space.
74) 0) text: Solomon continues to hang. By now he is drenched in sweat, and nearly delirious with dehydration. His lips dry and parched. He may not die from hanging, but he may very well expire before the day is over. Eventually Rachel comes over - timidly, and as though she were acting contrary to orders - and offers a drink of water from a tin cup, pouring it in Solomon's mouth for him. She then takes a small hand towel and dabs at the water which clings to his lips. Rachel then retreats, and leaves Solomon to hang.
75) 0) text: The sun is just now arching for the horizon. Solomon remains, as though his torture will not end. Ford, trailed by Sam, finally comes riding up. He dismounts, and moves swiftly over to Solomon. With great heartache:
76) 0) text: As we come into the scene, Solomon lays on a blanket on the floor. Eventually, his eyes flutter, then open. He is in the foyer of the Ford house. As he gets his bearings, he looks around the interior. THE SPACE IS HANDSOME, AND WELL DECORATED. It is sharp contrast to the bleak surroundings, shacks and dungeons Solomon has largely been accustom to during his time of slavery. It will be the "first and last time such a sumptuous resting place was granted" during his twelve years of bondage.
76) 5) dialog: (desperate, urgent) Master Ford, you must know; I am not a slave.
76) 7) dialog: Before I came to you I was a freeman.
80) 0) text: In the distance, a flogging is going on. Solomon, Phebe, and Wiley are stripped, placed in a stockade and now being given a perfunctory whipping delivered by ANOTHER IDENTIFIED SLAVE.
84) 0) text: Despite the lateness of the hour, the slaves are up and now fully dressed. They take up position in the middle of the floor. They wait, poised like actors. Solomon strikes up a tune; Henry joins in with a pan flute and the slaves dance. They do so very wearily. The whole of it certainly more torture than pleasure. Epps, whip in hand:
87) 0) text: As the slaves make their way in from the field, the Mistress calls to Solomon. SHE HAS A PIECE OF PAPER IN HAND.
87) 6) dialog: Yes, Mistress.
87) 8) dialog: I can, ma'am. Handing Solomon a sheet of paper.
87) 10) dialog: I will, Mistress. Solomon looks at the list. In a careless moment, Solomon reads quietly from it. He catches himself, but not before the Mistress notes his action. With high
87) 13) dialog: I have told you.
87) 15) dialog: Washington.
87) 17) dialog: Master name of Freeman.
87) 19) dialog: I suppose so.
87) 27) dialog: A word here or there, but I have no understanding of the written text.
88) 0) text: Solomon walks along a well-worn path, shopping bag draped over one shoulder. We see his feet. As the walk slowly  gathers pace, Solomon suddenly turns left into dense  foliage. His tread is now a full blown sprint, trees  flash past as Solomon attacks his way through the woods.  The sound of branches cracking underneath. His feet,  heartbeat and breath almost deafening. He is desperate.  The violence of his advance abruptly stops, there is  silence. We see in a clearance a posse of patrollers,  preparing for a lynching of two young men. Solomon's  eyes meet theirs. The two men look back at Solomon with  a look of fear as one of the patrollers checks the noose  around their neck. Suddenly the bloodhounds start  barking and the patrollers turn in the direction of  Solomon. Solomon's whole body shakes with anticipation. 
88) 3) dialog: (almost tripping over 
89) 0) text: A general store in the township of Holmesville. Solomon stands at the counter as BARTHOLOMEW fills Mistress Epps's order. Among the items set before Solomon is a QUANTITY OF FOOLSCAP. The items are collected for Solomon and placed in a sack. Solomon giving little thought to them other than getting them back to the mistress. As he turns, he glimpses the regalia of slave restraints, of all different guises; chains, muzzles for sale.
90) 0) text: Solomon returns and delivers the items to the Mistress.
90) 2) dialog: No, ma'am. No trouble.
92) 0) text: Solomon is running flat out along the road. Running as though his life depended on getting to his destination in beyond a timely manner.
93) 0) text: Still running, slick with sweat, Solomon comes upon the SHAW HOUSE. As Solomon arrives:
93) 2) dialog: Good morning, Master Shaw. I've been sent by Master to retrieve Patsey. May I approach?
93) 4) dialog: Excuse me, Mistress Shaw.
93) 6) dialog: My apologies. Patsey, Master wishes you to return.
93) 8) dialog: Understood. But the Master sent me running to fetch you, and said no time should be wasted.
93) 10) dialog: Thank you, Mistress, but I don't dare.
93) 18) dialog: ...I'd rather not say...
93) 20) dialog: As you are aware, Master Epps can be a man of a hard countenance. There are times when it is impossible to account for his logic. You know he has ill feelings toward your husband.
93) 22) dialog: Master Epps has somehow come to believe, as incorrectly as it may be, that Master Shaw is... That he is something of a lothario and an unprincipled man. A misguided belief born out of their mutual competition as planters, no doubt.
93) 24) dialog: I'm certain Patsey's well being is Master Epps's only concern.
93) 26) dialog: I meant no disrespect.
93) 34) dialog: I meant no disrespect to you, Mistress.
94) 0) text: Solomon and Patsey are returning from Shaw's. Waiting on the porch of the Great House, a drunk Epps beckons for Patsey, his lewd intentions obvious.
94) 6) dialog: Do not look in his direction. Continue on. Epps does not care to be ignored. He lifts himself and moves toward the pair in a rage.
94) 9) dialog: Found her, Master, and brought her back just as instructed.
94) 11) dialog: No words were spoken. None of consequence.
94) 13) dialog: I cannot speak of what did not occur. Epps grabs Solomon.
94) 26) dialog: A misunderstanding is all. It began when I was sent to retrieve Patsey from where she'd taken sabbatical at Master Shaw's. Upon returning, Master Epps believed Patsey and me to be in conversation when we were not. I tried to explain, but it lead to all this.
99) 0) text: Solomon is making his way back to the Epps plantation. He carries with him a sack filled with the goods from the store. As he walks, SOLOMON LOOKS AROUND CASUALLY. When he is certain he is alone, he sets down the sack, opens it and appropriates A SINGLE SHEET OF THE PAPER which he folds and places in his pocket. That done, he cinches up the sack and continues on his way. 76.
100) 0) text: Solomon takes the slip of paper and hides it within his fiddle. Perhaps the safest place he can think of. He acts as though he's hiding away found gold. In reality it's more than that. For Solomon the paper is a first step toward freedom.
102) 2) dialog: I am.
102) 9) dialog: Return it!
102) 11) dialog: For what cause?
102) 13) dialog: No.
102) 15) dialog: No! I will do no such thing. The...the gory detail with which
102) 18) dialog: It is melancholia, nothing more. How does such despair even come to you?
102) 20) dialog: There are others. Beg them.
102) 22) dialog: Why? Why would you consign me to damnation with such an un-Godly request?
106) 0) text: An OVERSEER is explaining to the new slaves - SOLOMON AMONG THEM - how to cultivate cane. WITH A KNIFE IN HAND he demonstrates the process:
108) 0) text: Again, the slaves have been herded into the shack and pressed together. As he tries to rest - sleep is nearly impossible - Solomon finds himself face to face with a woman, ANNA. She is awake. For a few beats she avoids eye contact with Solomon. She seems, like Solomon, to be unaccustomed to her surroundings and horribly frightened by them. Eventually her eyes meet Solomon's. She makes no sound, but great apprehension spills from her eyes. Whatever's next, whatever horror awaits, she can barely stand to face. Fear, proximity... They drive her hand
109) 0) text: Solomon waits outside the house on the porch. A house servant - ZACHARY - approaches and admonishes Solomon.
109) 2) dialog: ...Sir...
109) 4) dialog: No, sir, I have not.
109) 11) dialog: Niggers are hired to work, not to read and write. Turner gives that a bit of consideration as he gives Solomon a wary looking over.
109) 14) dialog: I do.
109) 16) dialog: Sir.
109) 18) dialog: 
110) 0) text: Work over, the slaves congregate to eat. As Solomon eats, he takes note of the JUICE FROM SOME BERRIES ON HIS PLATE.
111) 0) text: Solomon plays with a piece of cane, fashions it into some kind of writing tool, testing it in the mud. He then brushes over the dirt with his hand. 84.
112) 0) text: Secreted away out near the edge of the bayou and sitting by a small fire, Solomon takes the slip of paper from his fiddle. It is yellowed, showing age, but still usable. Dipping the piece of cane - a quill - into the crushed berries, Solomon attempts to write a bit on the paper. The berry juice, too free-flowing, is unusable as ink. Solomon returns the paper to the fiddle. He has some scraps of food with him, which he snacks on.
113) 0) text: We see a sharp object scratching onto a surface. The  tool moves on to form another mark. The sound is  repetitive and almost unbearable. As we move out, we see  the names Anne, Margaret, Alonzo. They are engraved onto  the violin, in the hidden area where Solomon would rest  his chin.  Solomon looks at it for a moment, moving his fingertips  across the engraving. His face full of loss.  Sadly, he lifts his instrument under his chin and leaning his head to the side as if to play. 
114) 0) text: A party has commenced at the noble home of one MR. YARNEY. A group of REVELERS have gathered and are on the dance floor, in fancy dress. Their faces are covered with a variation of decorative masks. The party is a feast of celebration. As entertainment, SOLOMON ACCOMPANIES A GROUP OF MUSICIANS, no more than three. And as he does so, they all play with jovial liveliness. Clearly a good time is being had by all.
115) 0) text: His playing done for the evening, Solomon is returning to Judge Turner's on foot. There is only the moonlight with which to light the way. As he walks, Solomon eats from a HEARTY CHUCK OF BREAD. Obviously part of his haul from the evening. Solomon again hears noises coming from the brush just up ahead of him. Solomon tears off some of the bread, kneels and holds it out before him.
115) 1) dialog: C'mere. C'mon, boy.
116) 0) text: Outside of the slave shacks Solomon's wound tended by Uncle Abram. As he works on it:
116) 2) dialog: They acted out of desperation.
116) 4) dialog: ...No...
116) 6) dialog: You know this to be so?
117) 2) text: FEATURE THE SLIGHTEST TRACE OF AFRICAN BLOOD." Beyond that, she is pale and haggard, but still lovely. Dressed in a white gown, she emerges from the water. Draped on her dress, her period. A line in her skirt. It's very visible, but not shocking. A ribbon of red in her dress. Celeste moves to Solomon without fear or hesitation. As Solomon, startled, takes her in, Celeste says quite
117) 5) dialog: Who are you?
117) 7) dialog: What is your name?
117) 9) dialog: What are your circumstances?
117) 20) dialog: Yes.
117) 22) dialog: There are some whose tracks the hounds will refuse to follow.
117) 24) dialog: This is all my allowance for the
118) 0) text: Solomon stealthfully makes his way into the storage shed. Dried and smoked meats are hung, and milled corn is about. Taking out a handkerchief, Solomon begins to load it with food. Not too much. Not so much his thievery will be readily noticed, but he does avail himself.
119) 0) text: Solomon plays his violin, but plays it with an anxious nature as he waits. Then, as before, a figure appears in the distance. It is Celeste coming out of the night. She makes her way directly to Solomon. With no greeting, she says:
119) 3) dialog: Platt.
119) 6) dialog: I was. I am. Solomon exposes his wrist, displays his tattoo as he
119) 8) dialog: I remain free in my heart.
119) 16) dialog: I will not.
119) 18) dialog: I have a plan. I have a letter.
119) 28) dialog: I risk discovery to take more.
120) 0) text: Solomon is picking at the bark off a WHITE MAPLE.
121) 0) text: In a tin cup, over a fire, Solomon boils the white maple bark in just a bit of water.
122) 0) text: As others sleep, by the light of dying coals, Solomon uses the quill to test the boiled bark. The liquid holds as a form of ink. It is no?t ideal, but it is legible on the page. Armed with this, Solomon writes his letter.
123) 0) text: Solomon sits with Celeste. He relates his news to her.
123) 1) dialog: I have my letter.
123) 3) dialog: All that remains is to contrive measures by which the letter can safely be deposited in the post office. When Celeste speaks she is quite melancholy.
123) 10) dialog: Is it more food you need?
123) 12) dialog: None will come after you in the swamps.
123) 14) dialog: The solitude plays tricks. It's your impression, nothing more. If you go back to your master you could face the same.
123) 16) dialog: Better the loneliness. You have been free most of the summer. Return now and your master will make example of you.
123) 25) dialog: Go north. Make your way by night...
123) 27) dialog: You won't be caught. The dogs won't track you. You are...you are unique. Celeste...
123) 29) dialog: To return is to die!
123) 31) dialog: Celeste... Celeste! Solomon continues after Celeste, wading deeper into the dark night and murky waters.
123) 32) dialog: Celeste, I will guide you north! Wait, and I will take you. Celeste is too nimble. She outpaces Solomon, continues on and disappears into the night.
123) 33) dialog: Let me take you! Let me go with you! Solomon runs on, then splashes to a stop. He stumbles around disoriented, calling into the blackness:
123) 34) dialog: Celeste... Nothing. No answer. Not a human one. There are sounds and echoes - some in the distance, some perhaps moving closer - which, moment by moment, become more and more frightening. Soon, Solomon realizes he is in quite literally over his head; the water first chest deep, then neck deep. With no way to orient himself, no means to guide him in the dark, Solomon's reserve begins to crumble. He thrashes in the water trying to find his way
123) 39) dialog: Celeste! Come to me, Celeste! In that moment Solomon is quite certain he is nearly done; that he will not find land, nor aid and that this is his final moment. His panic should be that tangible. It is either force of will, or survival instinct...or maybe just pure luck that carries Solomon on until he reaches first muddy ground, then firm footing. Hauling himself onto the swamps edge, Solomon finally collapses in a drenched, worn heap. His life spared, but Celeste never to be seen again.
127) 0) text: We come in after the punishment has been dealt. Patsey tends to Uncle Abram's back as Armsby applies liniments to Solomon's. As he does, Armsby muses:
127) 2) dialog: I did not, sir.
127) 9) dialog: How did you arrive at such a place, if I may ask?
127) 13) dialog: Where is your place of birth?
127) 15) dialog: ...I cannot say that I have.
127) 17) dialog: Why did you leave it?
130) 0) text: We are beyond the main of the plantation, the cotton field in the background. We are at the slaves' cemetery, a mixture of crude crosses and unsettled ground. Solomon, Bob and Henry, now much visually older than when we first saw them, are digging a grave in the dirt. The uncovered body of Abram lays near. Having dug down an appropriate distance, the three men take the body and, very unceremoniously, place it into the ground. Holding
132) 0) text: Solomon goes to RETRIEVE THE SMALL PACKAGE FROM UNDER A ROCK AT THE BASE OF A TREE. Solomon returns the letter to hiding. He takes the money with him and cautiously moves from the area.
133) 0) text: The door opens. Solomon enters. Armsby is surprised to see him. So much so, he isn't sure what greeting to give. Solomon gives a blunt introduction. Re: the
133) 2) dialog: The proceeds of my fiddling performances. A few picayunes, but all I have in the world. I promise them to you if you will do me the favor I require. But I beg you not to expose me if you cannot grant the request.
133) 4) dialog: First, your word, sir.
133) 6) dialog: It is a simple enough request. I ask only that you deposit a letter in the Marksville post office. And that you keep the action an inviolable secret forever. The details of the letter are of no consequence. Even at that, there would be an imposition of much pain and suffering were it known I was the author. A patron is what I require, sir.
133) 8) dialog: ...It is not yet written. I will have it in a day. Two at most, my skill with composition as poor as it is. Armsby considers the request.
133) 19) dialog: In two days. ...Thank you. Solomon exits.
134) 0) text: Solomon and the slaves pick cotton. Armsby is conspicuously NOT laboring in the field. As Solomon works he is watched by Epps. Watched more than he normally is. For a moment it seems it might just be a matter of perspective; Solomon's unease over his actions. But soon Epps is joined by Armsby. The two men stand and talk, their looks locked toward Solomon. Whatever it is that is occurring between them continues for a long, long moment. But Epps makes no move toward Solomon. Solomon continues with his work.
135) 0) text: The slaves are at rest. Gripping his whip Epps enters, without so much as a knock at the door. For a moment there's curiosity; is he there for a dance, for Patsey...? Looking right to Solomon:
136) 0) text: Solomon comes out into the dark. Nearly hidden in the shadows is a bitter Epps. Despite the lack of light, Epps's malevolence is quite clear. His whip attached to his hip. As he speaks, he stokes himself with swigs from a FLASK. Epps puts his arm around Solomon, as if consoling a friend, and guides him into the woods.
136) 16) dialog: All I have to say, master, is all that need be said. There is no truth in it.
136) 18) dialog: How could I write a letter without ink or paper? There is nobody I want to write to 'cause I hain't got no friends living as I know of. That Armsby is a lying drunken fellow. You know this, just as you know that I am constant in truth. Now, master, I can see what that Armsby is after, plain enough. Didn't he want you to hire him for an overseer? A beat.
136) 19) dialog: That's it. He wants to make you believe we're all going to run away and then he thinks you'll hire an overseer to watch us. He believes you are soft soap. He's given to such talk. I believe he's just made this story out of whole cloth, 'cause he wants to get a situation. It's all a lie, master, you may depend on't. It's all a lie. For a tense moment we are unsure which way Epps'll go. Increasingly it become apparent that, shallow minded and equally soused, Solomon has been able to fold Epps's thoughts. In a low curse that clearly states his ill intentions.
137) 0) text: Having found a lonely spot, Solomon has struck a SMALL FIRE. He has in his hand his letter. With no ceremony, he casts the letter upon the flames and watches it burn. And with it, at this time, seems all chance of him ever being free. He stands and looks at it as if forever, as ashes descend into the night sky. FADE TO BLACK.
139) 0) text: As the slaves continue to work, there is a conversation going on between Epps and Bass. Bass much skilled in the art of sophistry, while Epps's arguments are fueled mostly by emotion alone. Though at first Epps does little more than joke his way around the facts. Solomon, working still, can't help but overhear as Epps offers Bass a drink, which Bass waves away.
141) 23) dialog: 
141) 61) dialog: Thou devil! Sooner or later, somewhere in the course of eternal justice thou shalt answer for this sin! Though Epps fronts rage, there should be underlying anguish for what he has done to his beloved Pats.
142) 0) text: Patsey is laid on some boards where she remains for a long time with eyes closed and groaning in agony. Phebe applies melted tallow to her wounds, and all try to assist and console her. In time Patsey opens her eyes. She looks to Solomon. She does not say a word. She just looks at him...and then her eyes close again.
143) 3) dialog: Master Bass, I want to ask you what part of the country you came from?
143) 5) dialog: Oh, I know where Canada is. I have been there myself.
143) 7) dialog: Montreal and Kingston and Queenston and a great many places. And I have been in York state, too. Buffalo and Rochester and Albany, and can tell you the names of the villages on the Erie canal and the Champlain canal. Bass gives Solomon a long and curious stare.
143) 9) dialog: Master Bass, if justice had been done I never would have been here.
143) 11) dialog: I am afraid to tell you, though I don't believe you would tell Master Epps if I should.
144) 2) dialog: Just nearly...just passed eleven.
144) 4) dialog: Do you believe, sir, in justice as you have said?
144) 6) dialog: That slavery is an evil that should befall none?
144) 8) dialog: If you truly do, I would ask...I would beg that you write my friends in the north, acquainting them with my situation and beseeching them to forward free papers, or take such steps as they might consider proper to secure my release. Bass looks at Solomon, holding his gaze for more than a prolonged beat.
144) 9) dialog: My daughter Margaret is possibly now 19 and my son Alonzo, 16. I miss them so. It would be an unspeakable happiness to clasp my wife and my family again. Bass hands Solomon an end of a long plank of wood and looks over his shoulder, as if to camouflage the conversation by work. They both lift it toward the floorboards. Finally Bass speaks.
145) 0) text: Solomon walks a path he has walked a thousand times or more on his way back from Bartholomew's - sack familiarly slung over his right shoulder. Drearily he walks. His eyes acknowledge something we yet cannot see to his left. Almost simultaneously, his eyes retract back to the path
146) 5) dialog: You are certain? Bass takes a marker from Solomon and slides it into the earth.
146) 16) dialog: Five months. On top of these years. No cause remains.
146) 18) dialog: Mr. Bass...
146) 21) dialog: Go home knowing you have tried. The weight of defeat should hang very heavily with both men. Nothing more to do, nothing more to say BASS TAKES
147) 0) text: Solomon sits on a secluded part of the road, fiddle in hand. He stares across the expanse. His eyes fixed on something that is a million miles away. Slowly Solomon tunes his fiddle, turning the tuning peg tighter and tighter. As the strings are taut, the sound is almost unbearable as Solomon tightens bit by bit, as if bones are being cracked one by one. Just beyond the breaking point of sound, there is a snap. He then repeats the action. Solomon holds the neck of the violin. Sliding his thumb and forefinger down the neck, he methodically cracks it at the base. He carefully snaps the neck and removes it from the body, then snaps it in two, placing it on the ground. He then starts on the body. Heaving it on the ground, it falls apart. Methodically he breaks the violin into small bits - silencing the instrument with a hushed display of violence, rather than aggressive. Seems almost to be, in an odd way, respectful.
148) 3) dialog: ...Sir... The Sheriff crosses to him.
148) 5) dialog: Yes, sir. Pointing off to the distance.
148) 11) dialog: Mr. Parker...?
148) 20) dialog: Mr. Parker? As he does, Epps makes his way over.
148) 22) dialog: Solomon Northup is my name.
148) 30) dialog: I have a wife and two children.
148) 32) dialog: Margaret and Alonzo.
148) 34) dialog: Anne Hampton. I am who I say. Solomon pushes past the sheriff. As Solomon moves toward Parker, his pace quickens with each step until his
150) 0) text: THE DOOR TO THE ROOM OPENS. Mr. Parker enters, Solomon behind. We first see Anne, in her finest attire; the Northup children: Alonzo, who is now seventeen and Margaret who is now twenty - SHE CARRIES WITH HER A BUNDLE. Also present is MARGARET'S HUSBAND. The family waits patiently, dutifully...but anxiously. Anne rises to greet him, but holds back. All around, the body language of the family is stiff and awkward. They are, after all - after twelve years - little more than familiar strangers.
150) 1) dialog: I apologize for my appearance. I have had a difficult time of things these past many years. Solomon looks among his family; trying to recall them as much as they look to see familiarity within him. To his
150) 3) dialog: Alonzo... Margaret, yes? You do not recognize me, do you? Do
150) 7) dialog: you...do you even remember the last time we saw each other? I put you on a carriage with your mother... Margaret, tearing, hugs her father. Solomon almost breaks, but he keeps himself together. Looking to the
150) 9) dialog: And who is this?
150) 11) dialog: Husband?
150) 13) dialog: We have much acquainting to do. Margaret rises, she presents her bundle to her father.
150) 15) dialog: ...Solomon... The fact his grandson carries his name, is overwhelming. Solomon breaks down. Emotionally, physically... But ANNE IS THERE TO CATCH HIM. As she holds him, Solomon says to Anne with all his heart:
150) 16) dialog: Forgive me.