53) 0) text: John Tibeats, stands before the slaves. Chapin hovers to  one side. 
53) 1) dialog: My name is John Tibeats, William  Ford's chief carpenter. You will  refer to me as Master.  Tibeats nods in Chapin's direction: 
53) 2) dialog: Mister Chapin is the overseer on  this plantation. He is  responsible for all of Ford's  property. You too will refer to  him as Master.  This plantation covers many  hundreds of acres, and you will  traverse the Texas road between  the forest site and the sawmill in  double time. Any clever nigger on  that path that gets a little  lightfooted, I will remind him  that on one side men and  bloodhounds patrol the border and  on the other the bayou provides a  hard living, with alligators and  little to eat or drink that won't  kill you. No slave has escaped  here with his life. You're here  to work niggers, so let's  commence.  Tibeats begins to sing the song "Run Nigger, Run"  mockingly.  We cut to Solomon chopping logs and into the montage of  the slaves doing manual labor and arriving back to the  sawmill.  Lyrics for "Run Nigger, Run" 
57) 0) text: It is a sizable work area on the edge of Indian Creek. There is much work being done, the slaves primarily employed in piling the timber and chopping it into lumber. As before, there is little doubt about the rigors of the job at hand. Working as a carpenter at the work area is JOHN TIBEATS. There are also various CUSTOMERS who move about placing orders.
63) 0) text: Just beyond the WORK AREA Solomon speaks with Ford as Tibeats listens. Solomon is drawing in the dirt, making rough diagrams for Ford as he explains himself.
63) 3) dialog: "Materially diminished?"
63) 5) dialog: It's a scheme. Plenty of engineers have schemed similarly. The passes are too tight.
63) 7) dialog: And you know what of transport and terra formin'?
65) 0) text: Ford and a group of slaves wait along the river banks just beyond the WORK AREA. All are expectant in their manner. A long moment passes with no sign of Solomon. Then, from up river, we see Solomon's raft of lumber winding its way. SLAVES CHEER, and Ford literally applauds the effort. Tibeats looks pissed. He has just been shown up after all.
69) 2) dialog: Raise yer shirt. Solomon does as instructed. Tibeats looks at Solomon's back, at the scars from lashings he bears.
69) 3) dialog: Troublesome.
69) 5) dialog: I am familiar with his cleverness.
69) 7) dialog: Ain't found a nigger yet I cain't humble. Tibeats heads off. Solomon, highly curious over the preceding.
70) 2) dialog: Make them boards flush.
70) 4) dialog: They is no such thing. Solomon runs his hands over the boards.
70) 6) dialog: Callin' me a liar, boy?
70) 8) dialog: You are a brute. You are a dog, and no better for followin' instruction.
70) 16) dialog: Then you'll be up at daybreak. You will procure a keg of nails from Chapin and commence puttin' on clapboards. Tibeats wheels away. Solomon goes back to his work. After a few moments Solomon notices a bit of commotion in the drive of the great house. It involves an inconsolable Eliza who is being herded by Sam onto a cart DRIVEN BY A WHITE MAN. Mistress Ford and Rachel watch. Solomon can only watch as the last connection to his days as a free man is driven away to a location unknown.
72) 0) text: As the day gets on to mid-morning, the sun already baking in the sky, Tibeats makes his way over to Solomon. Even before arriving to Solomon his mien is one of belligerence; out of sorts and something less than sober.
72) 1) dialog: I thought I told yah ta commence ta puttin' on clapboards this morn'.
72) 10) dialog: Didn't I tell yah last night to get a keg of nails of Chapin?
72) 12) dialog: Goddamn yah! I thought yah knowed somethin'! Solomon, perhaps inspired by his moment with Eliza, is in no mood for Tibeats.
72) 14) dialog: Yah black bastard! Yah goddman black bastard! In an inconsolable rage, Tibeats runs off to the piazza to fetch a whip. Solomon looks around. He is alone other than Rachel and Mistress Ford who, shocked by that which she witnesses, runs out to the field to fetch Chapin. Solomon's instinct is to run, but he stands his ground as Tibeats marches back whip in hand.
72) 15) dialog: Strip yer clothes! Solomon does no such thing.
72) 16) dialog: Strip!
72) 21) dialog: Yew will not live ta see another day, nigger! This is yer last, I swear it! Solomon ignores the threats, continues to beat Tibeats. Blow after blow falling fast and heavy on Tibeats's wriggling form. The stiff stock of the whip wraps around Tibeats's cringing body until Solomon's arm aches. Tibeats's cries of vengeance turn to yelps for help and then pleas for mercy:
72) 22) dialog: Murder! It's murder! Lord, God, help me. God be merciful! And then suddenly, Tibeats shrieks-
72) 23) dialog: Papa I'm sorry! Chapin comes RIDING IN FROM THE FIELD fast and hard. Solomon strikes Tibeats a blow or two more, then delivers a well-directed kick that sends Tibeats rolling over the ground.
72) 28) dialog: They're...they're too large.
72) 35) dialog: This ain't done by half. I will have flesh, and I will have all of it. Tibeats moves off toward, and then INTO THE HOUSE. Chapin follows. A long moment, Solomon stands alone. He looks around, not sure what to do; to stay or to flee. Anxiety mounts on his features. A moment more, and Tibeats EXITS the house. He saddles his horse and rides off to beat the devil. Or, worse, to fetch him. Chapin comes running back out of the house. He is visibly excited, and when he speaks he is quite earnest. Though he tries to project reasoned emotions he gives off an air of impending trouble.
72) 48) dialog: Tha's the one. Tha's him. Dismounting, they move with menace that is tinged with perverse pleasure and wordless malevolence. Solomon tries to fight back, but he is strong armed and tied by TIBEATS - his wrists, and then ankles bound in the same manner. In the meantime the other two have slipped a cord within Solomon's elbows, running it across his back and tying it firmly. Solomon is then dragged toward a peach tree. A lynching is in store. The naked horror of it intensely palpable. Solomon looks toward the piazza, but Chapin is now gone. Tears of fear flow down Solomon's cheeks. He is on the verge of panic; a man heading toward his own execution, he begins to struggle and fight. A rope goes around Solomon's neck, then is tossed over the branch of the tree. The trio begin to hoist Solomon. He gasps and gags as spittle flies from his mouth and the life is choked from him. With suddenness, Chapin comes from the house brandishing a pistol in each hand - Colt Paterson .36 caliber "Holster" pistols with 9" barrels. Chapin moves with determination toward the lynch mob. He is sharp and matter of fact. With the guns in hand, he really doesn't need to be much more demonstrative.
72) 58) dialog: Yah got no cause. Platt is mine, and mine ta do with as I please. Yah touch my property, I will 'ave yah strung up as well. Tibeats mounts up and departs. There is a surreal moment as Chapin's not sure what to do about Solomon. He chooses to do nothing. Solomon is left dangling by the neck from the tree as Chapin calls to Sam in the