45) 14) dialog: Would you settle for a boar?
45) 17) dialog: Me. (lays down the boar) May I eat with you tonight?
45) 19) dialog: I am Quell.
47) 17) dialog: (after a pause) Ignorance.
48) 0) text: Bardolph and Oswin stand guard over the sleeping band, stationed at the perimeter of the Circle, looking outward The Cyclops broods by the fire, his expression troubled. frowns and looks around, then gets up and moves out of th Circle into the darkness. As soon as the Cyclops is gone, the Changeling/Seer opens his eyes and looks around. He stands and moves toward Bardolph.
50) 0) text: The Cyclops stands near the spot where the real Seer was killed. He moves downstream a few yards - and suddenly se the Seer's body floating in the water, caught against the rocks. He realizes immediately that the band is in great danger; he races up the path toward the camp. As Colwn leads the Changeling down the path, we see the h on his shoulder turn into a claw. The claw is moving towa his neck when suddenly the Cyclops bursts from the trees front of them. Colwyn stares in disbelief as the Cyclops hurls his trident straight at him. The weapon whistles pa his ear and slices off the Changeling's arm at the should Colwyn spins, sees the red eyes, ducks backward as the Changeling swipes at him with his other hand - now become claw. He draws his glaive as the Changeling reverts entir to bestial form, its hideous black body bursting the seam of the emerald-green robe. As the creature springs at Colwyn, we see, for an instant the horrible face: teeth flashing, eyes burning. Then Colwyn's glaive strikes between the eyes. Slit by the horizontal blades of the glaive, the eyes explode in a bu of red and the thing dies with a scream. Torquil, Ynyr, and others run up. The body of the creatur has already turned to ash, forming the characteristic Vor of the Dark Ones.
50) 1) dialog: (to Ynyr) A Changeling.
50) 4) dialog: I found the body of the Seer in the stream. They all look up the path at Titch, who is rubbing his ey sleepily. Ergo goes up to him and puts an arm around his shoulders.
55) 0) text: Before the camp wakes, the puppy crawls out of Titch's ar and trots behind the stone. It scans the spellbook lying open on the ground, then disappears in a gyrating white cloud and becomes Ergo again. As he sneaks back to his ow blanket, he sees the Cyclops watching him with a smile.
56) 2) dialog: The Swamp of Betrayal. Be glad we don't have to cross it.
57) 2) dialog: We must enter the swamp.
58) 1) dialog: Do not let the waters touch you.
59) 7) dialog: We'll meet you at the inn.
59) 9) dialog: No. The Cyclops moves off with Titch.
60) 1) dialog: (whispers and points) Over there. Titch takes aim at a great stag, bracing his arm against top of the Cyclops's head.
64) 0) text: Torquil and his men dandle INN GIRLS on their knees, laughing, leching, and guzzling. The INNKEEPER bustles about, assisted by a much-abused serving girl named VEELA whose beauty is concealed by kerchiefed hair, frumpy clothes, and a layer of soot. Across the room, Colwyn and Ergo sit in front of the fire staring gloomily into the flames. Titch comes in the back door and whispers to Torquil, who signals his men. They get up and head for the back wall, where Cyclops is swinging open a pair of large double doo Ergo is too glum to notice the sudden diminution of noise but Colwyn sees Torquil and his men carrying in a giant venison pie, ten feet across and five feet high.
64) 9) dialog: A small house.
65) 0) text: Colwyn and the Cyclops stand guard over sleeping robbers inn girls. Ergo floats half-awake in the gravy in the pie shell, a contented smile on his face. He opens his mouth allows a piece of venison to float into it. Then he hears whimpering and peers over the edge of the crust: Titch is asleep nearby, in the throws of a nightmare. The serving girl, Vella, is still busy cleaning up. As sh passes the pie shell, she hears scrabbling and splashing, and stops to see a puppy trying to clamber out.
65) 1) dialog: Lift him out. Vella lifts out the puppy and sets it on the floor. The puppy shakes itself, then trots over to Titch. The boy hu the puppy to his chest.
65) 3) dialog: Yes.
65) 5) dialog: Yes.
71) 5) dialog: They can be saddled.
71) 7) dialog: I road them often in my youth.
71) 11) dialog: It will only be a few hours. Then I will accept my fate.
73) 0) text: The band is mounted, except for the Cyclops. Titch sits behind Colwyn.
73) 2) dialog: I cannot go with you, my friend.
73) 4) dialog: Yes. It is today. The band files past him, each man reaching down to shake hand. Ergo is next to last. His mouth works as he tries t speak, but no words come out. The Cyclops embraces him.
73) 6) dialog: And mine goes with you. Ergo moves off, wiping his nose on his sleeve. Colwyn is last, with Titch sitting behind him.
73) 9) dialog: Each to his fate. The Cyclops stands beside Titch, holding the boy's hand, watching the band move off.
78) 2) dialog: (dying smile) A man can ask nothing more than that his death help his friends. His hand tightens with the pain that he has brought upon himself, then his fingers open slowly. Ergo stifles a sob the great eye closes in death. Torquil calls Colwyn's attention to yet another group of Slayers in the distance. Colwyn leads the band across an bridge to a stone door encased in ice. They hack through ice and swing open the door, which opens onto a set of st stairs leading down.