33) 0) text: Colwyn and Ynyr are about to cross the tiny stream, when suddenly a small white cloud materializes above the water bulging and gyrating, affording brief glimpses of feet an hands, as if a small man were trying to escape. As Colwyn jumps back, drawing his sword, the cloud vanishes with a and the small man, ERGO, is plopped on his seat in the wa (which is only a few inches deep).
33) 1) dialog: Help! Help! I'm drowning!
33) 3) dialog: (stands) It could have been quicksand! I might have been sucked to my death. (jumps out of the water) Where is this place?
33) 5) dialog: Blast! A thousand miles off course. Well, I was rushed. There was a certain difference of opinion concerning a venison pie. The foolish man left it sitting on his windowsill. What did he expect?
33) 7) dialog: For that rudeness, peasant lout, I am going to leave you hanging by your heels when I depart. Which is right now. >From the folds of his voluminous clothing, Ergo produces tattered spellbook. He peers at a page, mumbles to himsel and pokes his head toward Colwyn - whereupon he vanishes. Colwyn glances around but the little man is nowhere to be seen.
33) 8) dialog: Get me down from here! Colwyn turns and sees Ergo hanging upside-down from a tre limb directly behind him. He lifts him down.
33) 9) dialog: My spells always go wrong when I am observed. Be gone!
33) 11) dialog: Me? Travel with you? I am Ergo the Magnificent ... (flattens hand) ... short in stature ... (points to the sky) ... tall in power ... (opposes thumb and forefinger) ... narrow of purpose ... (shades eyes) ... wide of vision. And I do not travel with peasants and beggars. Goodbye! We follow Ergo as he sets off down the forest path, headi in the opposite direction from Colwyn and Ynyr. After a f yards, the forest seems to grow darker, the sounds more ominous. Ergo glances around apprehensively. Suddenly, through an opening in the leaves, he sees a face with a single eye in the middle of it. With a yelp, he turns and races back up the path after Colwyn and Ynyr. When he catches up, he wedges himself between them to get as much protection as possible.
33) 12) dialog: I just remembered I have urgent business in this direction.
33) 14) dialog: (fearful glance behind) Staying alive.
34) 0) text: As Colwyn, Ynyr, and Ergo cross the clearing, Ergo steps a snare-trigger and is suddenly hoisted into the air by h foot. Colwyn draws his sword and turns to face five armed men who step out of the forest. They're a rag-tag bunch, garbed in various kinds of chain-mail and armed with a bizarre variety of weapons.
34) 3) dialog: (yelling as he hangs upside- down) Get me down from here you louts or I'll turn you all into pigs! Torquil glances up at Ergo, then spits a stream of brown juice at the ground and steps forward to investigate his prisoners.
34) 4) dialog: (muttering as he fumbles for his spellbook) They'll soon learn the price of snaring Ergo the Magnificent. Torquil walks a circle around Colwyn and Ynyr.
34) 31) dialog: Put me down, you lout!
34) 33) dialog: (haughty) I am Ergo the Magnificent, and I do not travel with thieves and robbers. He takes two steps into the forest, then glances around anxiously.
34) 34) dialog: (backing out of the forest) Except when necessary.
36) 5) dialog: Bring me a deer! No deer, no supper.
37) 0) text: Torquil and Ynyr talk to several PEASANTS at the edge of clearing while, in the center, Ergo tends the cooking fir beside which Colwyn lies asleep. Ergo's face lights up wh he sees Kegan arrive with a stag across his shoulders, an he snick-snacks his carving knife in anticipation. But Torquil has Kegan turn over the stag to the peasants, whi nearly gives Ergo apoplexy.
37) 1) dialog: (galloping across the clearing) What are you doing with my dear? Stop! Thieves!
37) 3) dialog: And do you think I live on air?
37) 5) dialog: (snorts) Food for crows.
37) 7) dialog: I am being exploited! Where are you going?
38) 0) text: The band, including Colwyn, is gathered around Ergo, who telling his story.
38) 1) dialog: (indicating positions) One with red eyes, the other with one eye, both trying to kill me.
38) 3) dialog: He was aiming a huge spear right at me!
38) 9) dialog: Once is enough, thank you.
38) 12) dialog: (running to the pot) Oh, my poor stew!
43) 1) dialog: (walking beside Ynyr) I wish you'd tell me why that foolish boy decided to join up with these thieves. The little man suddenly lets out a yelp and jumps back: H is staring into the jaws of a huge shark frozen in the wa (as was all the marine life in the lake, including gulls with one foot touching the water). He steers around the j and catches up to Ynyr.
43) 3) dialog: And who is he that they should join him?
43) 5) dialog: Well, at least I'm glad to see you have a sense of humor. That's the first smile I've seen on that gloomy face of your's ... (Ynyr is not smiling) ... isn't it? It isn't. Oh no. Oh dear. Oh now I've gone and done it. He scurries forward and tugs at Colwyn's jacket.
43) 6) dialog: Your kingship ... your lord high mightiness ... when I called you a ... a ... whatever I called you, I didn't realize that you were ... were ...
43) 8) dialog: (staggered) My friend.
43) 10) dialog: (flattered nearly senseless) No more, my lord - my friend. With Ergo the Magnificent by your side, your enemies are dead men. The little man pulls out a carving knife and, with a flourish, tucks it in his belt - slicing through his oute garment as he does so. Colwyn glances down and sees red liquid oozing from the cut. Ergo follows his gaze.
43) 11) dialog: (staggering) Argh! I'm dying! Colwyn notices seeds oozing out with the liquid and sampl it with his finger.
43) 13) dialog: What? Oh no! Better it was me. There isn't another good tomato within a hundred leagues. He pulls out the stabbed tomato and kisses it tearfully.
43) 14) dialog: Oh, my poor baby. He looks up to see Ynyr smiling broadly.
43) 15) dialog: (scowling) I liked you better gloomy, old man. Colwyn resumes his place beside Torquil, who gives him a sideways glance.
44) 22) dialog: (wrinkling his nose) Bread is for peasants, and wine makes me sneeze. Got any gumdrops?
44) 24) dialog: Sugarballs?
44) 26) dialog: (annoyed) What kind of a boy are you? Boys always have candy.
44) 28) dialog: You do?
44) 30) dialog: (mouth full) I am Ergo the Magnificent ... (flattens hand) ... short in stature ... (points to sky) ... tall in power ... (opposes thumb and forefinger) ... narrow of purpose ... (shades eyes) ... wide of vision.
45) 0) text: While Ergo and Titch tend the cooking fire, robbers leave hunt and others return with small game. Sitting against one of the stone dolmens, Colwyn tries to contact Lyssa, the glaive spinning in midair in front of him. Ynyr and Torquil look on.
45) 11) dialog: (disgusted) Rabbits and squirrels. Where is my deer!
45) 13) dialog: (grumbling) Nothing worse than lower-class boors with upper-class morals.
45) 15) dialog: (to Titch) A boar? Those incompetent louts couldn't catch a piglet, much less a boar. He realizes that the voice has come from behind him and turns to see the Cyclops with a huge boar slung across hi shoulders.
45) 16) dialog: You!
45) 18) dialog: Tonight and every night, my friend, for this is the second time you've saved my life. (draws himself up) I am Ergo the Magnificent, short in stature, tall in power, etcetera, etcetera.
45) 21) dialog: Smart lad. (theatrical) Bring me my spices! Titch hands him a leather belt of spices.
47) 2) dialog: The greatest boon of your otherwise worthless life, blockhead, is the privilege of dining on boar roasted by the hand of Ergo the Magnificent.
47) 12) dialog: If I could wish ... (belch) ... for anything, I'd wish for a venison pie the size of a ... (belch) ... mountain. No, that's too greedy. I'd settle for one the size of a house.
47) 14) dialog: One puppy? Why not wish for a hundred?
47) 16) dialog: A foolish wish. And you, Quell?
55) 0) text: Before the camp wakes, the puppy crawls out of Titch's ar and trots behind the stone. It scans the spellbook lying open on the ground, then disappears in a gyrating white cloud and becomes Ergo again. As he sneaks back to his ow blanket, he sees the Cyclops watching him with a smile.
55) 1) dialog: (grumbling) I still say it was a foolish wish.
56) 1) dialog: (glance toward Swamp) What is that awful looking place?
56) 3) dialog: I'm glad. (glance toward Swamp) I'm very glad.
58) 16) dialog: (to Torquil) Your axe! Lay it out! Torquil tucks the heel of the axe handle under a root and grips it with both hands. Ergo tightropes out the handle kneels on the axe head, directly above Colwyn.
58) 18) dialog: Hush! He squinches his eyes shut and mumbles something to himse The gyrating white cloud appears with a pop and, when it pops off, Ergo has been transformed into a snake, with it tail wrapped around the axe handle. The snakes plunges in the water and wraps itself around Colwyn's chest. Torquil grits his teeth and pulls up on the axe, lifting the snak and Colwyn out of the water and depositing them on a nexu of roots. The white cloud reappears and returns Ergo to human form, barely conscious, coughing and spitting water. Meanwhile, the Slayers are almost upon them. The Cyclops moved to the rear with Kegan, Oswin, and Rhu. As the Chie Slayer comes within range, the Cyclops lunges with his trident, slicing the root on which the Slayer stands and spilling him into the dark waters. Sweyn kneels to help h out.
59) 6) dialog: Where are you going?
59) 8) dialog: (hurt) Can't I come, too?
61) 7) dialog: Try your tricks on me and I'll turn myself back into a snake and bite you.
61) 9) dialog: What else is left for a man without friends. Colwyn glances out a back window and sees the body of a s being carried past on someone's shoulders.
64) 0) text: Torquil and his men dandle INN GIRLS on their knees, laughing, leching, and guzzling. The INNKEEPER bustles about, assisted by a much-abused serving girl named VEELA whose beauty is concealed by kerchiefed hair, frumpy clothes, and a layer of soot. Across the room, Colwyn and Ergo sit in front of the fire staring gloomily into the flames. Titch comes in the back door and whispers to Torquil, who signals his men. They get up and head for the back wall, where Cyclops is swinging open a pair of large double doo Ergo is too glum to notice the sudden diminution of noise but Colwyn sees Torquil and his men carrying in a giant venison pie, ten feet across and five feet high.
64) 3) dialog: First, you desert me, and now you mock me. Go back to your one-eyed friend. Titch reaches out and presses the end of Ergo's nose.
64) 4) dialog: What? Now you poke me in the nose as well?
64) 6) dialog: Not working? This nose? This nose works day and night. This nose has never loafed an hour in its life. This nose ... (sniffs) What? (sniffs again) Impossible. This nose asleep while venison fills the air? (seizes Titch) Where is it, boy? Tell me where it is and I forgive you everything.
64) 8) dialog: (awed whisper) A venison pie as big as a house.
64) 10) dialog: And what do you think a small person lives in, you one-eyed fool? Leaving me here to mope while you and the boy were arranging my assassination.
64) 12) dialog: And do you think I'm not going to eat myself to death this very night? Huh? The dwarf approaches the pie worshipfully.
64) 13) dialog: Look at its beauty. Look at its grace.
64) 15) dialog: No! Not yet! Let me hug it and kiss it a little.  Let me run my fingers over its lovely skin. (climbs onto the pie) Let me climb to the top and sing to it. He clambers up the crust and stands on top of the pie.
64) 16) dialog: Henceforth I am Lord Ergo, for now I have an estate to rule. He kneels and embraces the crust.
64) 17) dialog: (crooning) Let us go then, you and I, my sweet and hot and lovely pie ... The crust suddenly gives way beneath him; he plunges into the pie, disappearing completely. The onlookers laugh and applaud. But when he doesn't reappear, they grow worried.
64) 19) dialog: Here lies Lord Ergo, drowned in a venison pie. He died with a smile and a belch, goodbye, goodbye ... He disappears inside the pie again. The others crowd arou and begin dismembering it.
65) 0) text: Colwyn and the Cyclops stand guard over sleeping robbers inn girls. Ergo floats half-awake in the gravy in the pie shell, a contented smile on his face. He opens his mouth allows a piece of venison to float into it. Then he hears whimpering and peers over the edge of the crust: Titch is asleep nearby, in the throws of a nightmare. The serving girl, Vella, is still busy cleaning up. As sh passes the pie shell, she hears scrabbling and splashing, and stops to see a puppy trying to clamber out.
72) 1) dialog: They'll trample him to death!
73) 1) dialog: (calls) Quell?
73) 5) dialog: My heart stays here.
81) 9) dialog: Ergo, save yourself. Save yourself from this. >From behind a pillar appears a FAIRY PRIESTESS OF YOUTH, golden-haired, beautiful, holding a gold goblet. She tilt the goblet and pours some of the rainbow liquid into her hand.
81) 12) dialog: Oh, she was so beautiful - and I was so ugly.
81) 14) dialog: (shaking himself out of it) No, no. I'm with you, boy. Bringing up the rear of the group is Kegan. He looks to t side and gasps in horror as he sees himself at age eighty writhing on the floor, wracked by the pain of a horrible last illness.
81) 21) dialog: Keep a tight hold, boy, in case I get any more crazy ideas.
92) 9) dialog: Quickly, quickly to the wall. But Ergo himself turns around and follows Torquil to wher Colwyn is stumbling on the ice. Dark Ones flit between th ice hummocks, converging on them. As Torquil helps Colwyn toward the wall, Ergo forms a rea guard, armed with butcher knives from his voluminous coat As Dark Ones lunge out of the swirling snow, the little m faces them fearlessly, hurling his knives with deadly aim protect his friends: one creature falls with a knife betw the eyes, another with a knife in the neck, a third pierc through the heart. They reach the parapet, where Torquil and Lyssa help Colw over the wall. The five clamber down the face of the wall and Torquil is about to jump off onto the icy ground.
93) 0) text: Clinging to the wall, the five look out on a green valley Ergo's legs are still buried to the knees, but in the ground. The stones of the wall are shifting. The Fortress collapsing.