9) 0) text: LYSSA, the Queen's seventeen-year-old daughter, stares across the circular room at the wooden door, listening to Colwyn's approaching footsteps. The door swings open and Colwyn enters. They stare at eac other for several moments: Colwyn, dusty and disheveled i his armor, Lyssa freshly scrubbed and glowing in a diaphanous gown.
9) 5) dialog: (trying to control her laughter) I'm sorry. I couldn't help it.
9) 7) dialog: (still laughing, touches his arm) You don't understand. I'm just so relieved. I was sure you'd turn out to be short and fat and gimpy.
9) 9) dialog: (sits down beside him) Me too.
9) 11) dialog: Mine was worse: I dreamt you picked your nose in public.
9) 13) dialog: You're really not bad looking. Almost handsome.
9) 15) dialog: You might be handsome. I can't tell through all that grime. Besides, you reek of sweat and horses.
9) 17) dialog: I have no intention of getting used to it. She goes over to a small cistern and fills a wooden bucke
9) 18) dialog: Take off your clothes. I'm going to scrub you down.
9) 20) dialog: We're almost married.
9) 22) dialog: Well, then you can go up to the parapet and I'll hand the buckets up to you. Colwyn looks at the stone stairs leading to the top of th tower.
12) 0) text: Colwyn hears Lyssa mounting the stairs and moves to the doorway, reaching around to take the bucket from her.
12) 2) dialog: I don't trust you to wash behind your ears.
13) 0) text: Wrapped in a long blue cape, a scrubbed and scowling Colw stands with arms folded across his chest. Lyssa is combin his hair.
13) 1) dialog: (steps back) There. Now you look like someone I might want to marry.
13) 3) dialog: I don't have to look around. I've found the husband I want. You can kiss me now.
13) 5) dialog: I can't. She bestows a class-A smack.
13) 7) dialog: About what?
14) 0) text: The occupants of the castle - servants, soldiers, minor nobles, and retainers - stand in two parallel lines, form an aisle. Turold and Rowan, on horseback, face each other at opposi ends of the aisle. Midway between them stand Colwyn and Lyssa, side by side, Colwyn facing Rowan, Lyssa facing Turold. The two fathers are not armored, but they hold longswords balanced across their pommels. Colwyn glances up toward the Queen's balcony.
15) 3) dialog: (shouts to Turold) I am Lyssa, daughter of the Queen, of the leopard's blood, and I am come to take your son from you.
17) 0) text: Colwyn sees that his father is being pressed by several Slayers and hacks his way to his side. They dispatch thei assailants, then Colwyn looks through the courtyard for Lyssa, who has just run a Slayer through with her short sword, when she is felled from behind by Modred's mailed fist. He picks her up and lays her across his saddle.
19) 0) text: The castle is in flames, the occupants slain. The Slayers, mounted, wait in a double column for Modred' command. Lyssa sits on a horse in the middle of the colum her hands tied behind her. Modred approaches her with a s canteen of water, which she refuses by averting her face. steps back and signals the column, which trots out throug the main gate. As Modred mounts his horse to follow the column, the twin suns dip below the horizon. Modred rides through the main gate, disappearing in the shadows. We hear an inhuman scream, amplified by the stone walls of the gate. Modred's riderless horse emerges from the other side of t gate. A new angle shows Modred lying on the stone floor beneath the gate tower, his chest raked by deep gouges.
30) 0) text: A LONG SHOT SHOWS only a series of jagged peaks, but as w MOVE IN, we SEE the outlines of a gigantic fortress, designed to blend into the mountains. Lyssa walks along the parapets of the fortress, a cold wi whipping at her light garments. The occasional glint of talon or beak, the quick flash of a red eye, tell us that she is closely watched and guarded.
30) 2) dialog: Colwyn.
30) 5) dialog: No. They watch me closely, but they haven't harmed me.
30) 8) dialog: In a great fortress in the mountains. Wait. Something's happening. As the twin suns edge above the horizon, the fortress fad and disappears. The whistle of the wind changes to ...
31) 1) dialog: Everything's changed. Now the fortress is in the jungle. Colwyn's body is shaking from the strain of maintaining contact. Ynyr grips his shoulder.
31) 15) dialog: (calling) Colwyn. Colwyn. She hears the scrape of a taloned foot behind her and hurries along the parapet. She stops and looks down at a small clearing in the jungle, outside the walls.
32) 0) text: A fawn grazes in the clearing, unaware of a white leopard poised on a branch above it. As the leopard is about to pounce, it glances up and sees Lyssa staring down from th Fortress wall. As if in answer to her summons, it jumps t the ground and heads for the wall. The leopard leaps onto the walkway in front of Lyssa, the moves obediently to her side. They set off down the walkw together. Suddenly the leopard whirls and roars as it hears the scr of a taloned foot behind. But other Dark Ones are in fron of them. Lyssa is forced to descend a stone staircase. Th leopard, acting as rear guard, roars its defiance as it backs down the stairs.
41) 0) text: Lyssa moves down the windowless corridor with the white leopard at her side.
41) 2) dialog: Colwyn ...
41) 4) dialog: I don't know. It's a maze of tunnels. I can't see out.
41) 6) dialog: I know it.
41) 8) dialog: Colwyn. Colwyn. (in her own voice) I love you, Colwyn. RESUME - COLWYN ET. AL.
45) 0) text: While Ergo and Titch tend the cooking fire, robbers leave hunt and others return with small game. Sitting against one of the stone dolmens, Colwyn tries to contact Lyssa, the glaive spinning in midair in front of him. Ynyr and Torquil look on.
53) 0) text: Red eyes press Lyssa and the leopard down the curving passage-way until they emerge in the center of the vortex
54) 0) text: The Arms open into the top of a huge bloodstone funnel, a the bottom of which is the hole of the Beast. Lyssa and h guardian are forced along a spiral walkway that curves do the walls of the funnel to the dark hole at the bottom. We hear a heavy, slithering sound, as of an enormous tail being dragged across stone. A pair of huge red eyes appea in the Beast's hole and we hear a husky whisper: the soun is ominous, but also attractive, in the way that enormous power is always attractive.
58) 5) text: He sees Torquil stand and embrace Lyssa, who comes from behind a tree.
58) 7) dialog: Yes. Then we'll marry and you will be my king. They kiss.
66) 0) text: Lyssa moves around the walkway, looking for escape, but a the passages leading out of the Center are blocked by red eyes.
66) 2) dialog: I do not want your power. It is hideous.
68) 0) text: The red-eyed Colwyn holds Lyssa's hand as he makes his proposal.
68) 6) dialog: I do not want your worlds or your slaves.
68) 8) dialog: It's a lie!
68) 10) dialog: He will not!
69) 15) dialog: It is you who are betrayed. The red-eyed Colwyn extends his left hand, which turns in a claw; the talons clutch the empty air - and in her room Vella gasps as she is strangled. The red-eyed Colwyn snaps his arm sideways - and Vella is flung across her room against the wall. Her body disintegrates, leaving only gray ash and an empty chemise
69) 17) dialog: He will come for me.
83) 0) text: Lyssa is halfway up the spiraled wall of the Vortex, midw between the Beast's hole below and the passage above - al of which are guarded by red eyes.
83) 1) dialog: Colwyn ...
83) 3) dialog: All the passages are guarded.
83) 8) dialog: I don't know how.
83) 10) dialog: Yes. I can do it.
83) 13) dialog: All directions are the same here.
83) 16) dialog: Yes.
83) 18) dialog: (as she smiles) I knew you would come. At the outer wall, the band is midway between two of the Arms. Ynyr looks from one to the other, then chooses the on the left. And in the Center, Lyssa must make a similar choice, for spiral begins midway between two of the Arms. She also chooses the one on the left. She holds the shining glaive front of her as she moves into the Arm and we hear the scrape of talons and the gutturals of frustration as the eyes are forced to retreat before it.
85) 0) text: Lyssa moves out the adjacent Arm, away from the Center. S holds her glaive in front of her, forcing back the red ey
86) 0) text: The huge red eyes of the Beast rise toward the top of its hole. We hear a hideous scream of rage as the Beast discovers Lyssa gone. We do not actually see it emerge from its hole, but we se the reaction of the lesser Dark Ones guarding the passage they shrink in fear, fleeing up the passages as the Beast climbs out of its hole and up the side of the spiral funn As the Beast moves into the west passage, we catch a glim of one taloned foot: it is so large that the mind can't conceive of a living creature this huge. It leaves behind trail of black mud mixed with fragments of a bizarre seaweed: dark red, with spiral leaves.
87) 0) text: Lyssa glances back fearfully as she hears the Beast comin up the Arm.
87) 1) dialog: Colwyn. Where are you, Colwyn?
88) 3) dialog: (breathing hard) Come quickly, Colwyn. I can see the eyes of the Beast. Colwyn turns toward the right-hand wall of the passage.
89) 0) text: The Beast moves toward the hole in the passage wall. RESUME - COLWYN ET. AL. They hear the Beast tearing at the stone wall, enlarging hole to allow it to pass through. Ynyr nudges Colwyn and Lyssa up the passage.
90) 2) dialog: Where is the Fortress?
90) 4) dialog: (points to door) That way. I can feel the cold. They move to the door, which opens onto a long stairway leading up. At the top, we can see snow blowing past the opening.
92) 4) dialog: You'll be killed.
93) 3) dialog: That's a better one.
93) 5) dialog: (looks around) Where's Ergo? Titch hands her the Ergo-puppy, who licks her face. She laughs and sets the puppy down. It runs in front of them, frisking. PEASANT FAMILIES come out of the forest and join them. Children chase the puppy through the grass. FADE OUT.