44) 0) text: A circle of stone dolmens, emerald green, in the center o which sits an old man, blind, wearing a green robe: an EMERALD SEER. Sitting across from him is TITCH, his ten- year-old assistant, similarly robed. A green-hued holographic image appears above the emerald, showing Colwyn and his band approaching. The Seer weaves fingers through the image, reading it by touch.
44) 1) dialog: Eight come here, Brother. They have traveled far. Fetch bread and wine.
44) 4) dialog: Such a vision will be opposed. Who seeks it?
44) 6) dialog: (little smile) With an old voice?
44) 8) dialog: Yes. You have left your place in the Needle. It is the time, then.
44) 10) dialog: I will seek the Fortress for you. The Seer presses his fingertips against the rotating sphe increasing the pressure and friction until small tongues flame spurt from beneath his fingertips. A holograph begins to form above the sphere: the Fortress mid-ocean.
44) 11) dialog: Can you see?
44) 14) dialog: Yes. The holograph dissolves, replaced by a new one which show curving Arm of the Vortex, the deep, central parts of the Fortress. Lyssa and the white leopard move down the Arm, pressed by an unseen pursuer.
44) 17) dialog: (sitting up) No. (grim smile) The Dark Ones do not like curious Seers poking into their affairs.
44) 19) dialog: I cannot see the future, only the present. But at dawn tomorrow, I can see where the fortress has risen that day - and every day thereafter, until Fate brings it near us.
44) 21) dialog: They will fail for, during the day, the power of the Circle is greater than theirs. Only at night can they pierce the Circle. Titch approaches Ergo with bread and wine.
46) 0) text: The Seer kneels at water's edge, washing his hands with ritual motions. He hears footsteps behind him.
46) 1) dialog: Is that you, Brother? We see a CHANGELING/SEER standing behind him: an exact tw except that his eyes are open and red. Changeling reaches down and places his hand on the Seer's neck.
47) 0) text: The band is seated around the fire, finishing a huge dinn of roast boar. The Changeling/Seer sits slightly apart, h eye-lids lifting occasionally to afford a thin slit, thro which he surveys the group with red eyes.
48) 0) text: Bardolph and Oswin stand guard over the sleeping band, stationed at the perimeter of the Circle, looking outward The Cyclops broods by the fire, his expression troubled. frowns and looks around, then gets up and moves out of th Circle into the darkness. As soon as the Cyclops is gone, the Changeling/Seer opens his eyes and looks around. He stands and moves toward Bardolph.
50) 0) text: The Cyclops stands near the spot where the real Seer was killed. He moves downstream a few yards - and suddenly se the Seer's body floating in the water, caught against the rocks. He realizes immediately that the band is in great danger; he races up the path toward the camp. As Colwn leads the Changeling down the path, we see the h on his shoulder turn into a claw. The claw is moving towa his neck when suddenly the Cyclops bursts from the trees front of them. Colwyn stares in disbelief as the Cyclops hurls his trident straight at him. The weapon whistles pa his ear and slices off the Changeling's arm at the should Colwyn spins, sees the red eyes, ducks backward as the Changeling swipes at him with his other hand - now become claw. He draws his glaive as the Changeling reverts entir to bestial form, its hideous black body bursting the seam of the emerald-green robe. As the creature springs at Colwyn, we see, for an instant the horrible face: teeth flashing, eyes burning. Then Colwyn's glaive strikes between the eyes. Slit by the horizontal blades of the glaive, the eyes explode in a bu of red and the thing dies with a scream. Torquil, Ynyr, and others run up. The body of the creatur has already turned to ash, forming the characteristic Vor of the Dark Ones.