7) 0) text: Two mounted SLAYERS ride along the road. Their horses and armor are black, as are their cylindrical, flat-topped helmets, pierced with a T-slot for vision. Their weapons long-swords and maces. Two more Slayers ride out of the forest and join the blac column. At a road up ahead wait three more, who swing in behind the column as it passes. Forest noises die at the Slayers' approach; the only soun we hear are the clink of metal and the heavy thud of the horses' hooves.
10) 0) text: A column of mounted Slayers waits at the crossing for another column to reach the intersection. The first colum falls in beside the second as it passes, forming a double column. Farther down the road waits LORD MODRED, a Slayer like th others, but distinguished by the leopard embroidered on h chest and by his lance, which bears a pennon affixed to i head: ermine, a leopard courant sable. As the double colu reaches him, he wheels and leads them down the road, lanc upright.
16) 0) text: The Queen and her girls hear Slayers forcing the door to bedroom within.
17) 0) text: Colwyn sees that his father is being pressed by several Slayers and hacks his way to his side. They dispatch thei assailants, then Colwyn looks through the courtyard for Lyssa, who has just run a Slayer through with her short sword, when she is felled from behind by Modred's mailed fist. He picks her up and lays her across his saddle.
18) 0) text: Colwyn and Turold back down the dark corridor, fighting t two Slayers. They kill the Slayers but, in the exchange, Turold is badly wounded. He leans against the wall, holdi himself erect by force of will.
19) 0) text: The castle is in flames, the occupants slain. The Slayers, mounted, wait in a double column for Modred' command. Lyssa sits on a horse in the middle of the colum her hands tied behind her. Modred approaches her with a s canteen of water, which she refuses by averting her face. steps back and signals the column, which trots out throug the main gate. As Modred mounts his horse to follow the column, the twin suns dip below the horizon. Modred rides through the main gate, disappearing in the shadows. We hear an inhuman scream, amplified by the stone walls of the gate. Modred's riderless horse emerges from the other side of t gate. A new angle shows Modred lying on the stone floor beneath the gate tower, his chest raked by deep gouges.
21) 0) text: The forest ends abruptly, some distance from the edge of steep cliff. A natural stone bridge arches from the cliff the Granite Needle, a cylindrical formation that rises fr the floor of the valley below. Colwyn stands at the edge of the forest, looking out at a group of Slayers posted near the stone bridge. Nearby are pair of black tents housing more Slayers. He hears a noise and turns to see a Slayer behind him, drawing his sword. As the Slayer rushes, Colwyn hurls his knife at the T-slot in the Slayer's cylindrical helmet, striking him between the eyes.
22) 0) text: Colwyn, wearing the dead Slayer's helmet and armor, approaches the group near the stone bridge. The bridge le to an opening in the side of the Needle, which gives acce to a passage which extends some ten feet into the Needle before it takes a right-angle turn. On the floor of the passage are heaped the bodies of half dozen Slayers; though Ynyr may not be able to get out, he clearly capable of preventing anyone from getting in.
22) 2) dialog: Yes, sometime. But when?
22) 4) dialog: Perhaps you'd like to stroll across the bridge and find out.
22) 6) dialog: Go right ahead, brother, and let the old man put you to sleep forever ... (nods toward bodies) ... along with them. The Slayers laugh, but fall silent as Colwyn draws his sw and starts across the bridge. He moves across the bridge into the passageway, stepping over bodies as he nears the right-angle turn.
23) 2) dialog: There is no way out. He will die there with the old man. In the cave, Colwyn stands in front of Ynyr.
24) 0) text: Colwyn and Ynyr sit beside a fire in a triangular pit in floor. Colwyn has shed the Slayer's armor, and Ynyr holds black onyx box in his lap.
57) 0) text: Concealed at the side of the road are ten Slayers and Swe the robber who refused to go along with the band. He poin down the road at the approaching band. The Chief Slayer nods, and hands him a leather purse full of gold coins, which Sweyn tucks in his jacket. They mount their horses start down the road.
58) 19) dialog: Traitor! He stabs Sweyn in the chest, slicing through the purse of gold coins. Sweyn tumbles into the water, blood and gold pouring out of the gash in his jacket. The Chief Slayer attacks the others, wounding some, knocking several into water - and they, in turn, attack their fellows. The band stares in awed silence as the Slayers massacre e other. The din of battle fades; the Slayers, dead to a ma float in the water. As Colwyn regains consciousness, the others gather round.
77) 0) text: The horizon shows light gray as the fire-mares streak acr the valley, leaving a trail of blazing reeds. Two dozen Slayers ride from the Fortress to oppose them.
79) 0) text: The band moves down the stairs. Above, the Slayers reach the stone door, but they're clea reluctant to descend. One steps forward and starts down - but then hears the eerie screams of the Dark Ones below. scurries back up and, with the others, backs away from th door. On the stairs below, the eerie screams are deafening, echoing through the stone corridors. Ynyr leads the band, taking them down the stairs, across a landing, and down another flight of stairs. Torquil notices mortar crumbling between the stones of th staircase.