44) 0) text: A circle of stone dolmens, emerald green, in the center o which sits an old man, blind, wearing a green robe: an EMERALD SEER. Sitting across from him is TITCH, his ten- year-old assistant, similarly robed. A green-hued holographic image appears above the emerald, showing Colwyn and his band approaching. The Seer weaves fingers through the image, reading it by touch.
44) 2) dialog: Yes, Brother. The boy fetches a jug of wine and a round loaf of bread, approaches Colwyn's band as they enter the stone circle. Colwyn waves Titch toward his men and moves with Ynyr and Torquil to the Seer.
44) 23) dialog: No.
44) 25) dialog: No.
44) 27) dialog: I have a cinnamon bar.
44) 29) dialog: (producing the bar) You can have half. Ergo takes the bar and breaks it into unequal parts. He i about to take the bigger piece for himself when conscienc gets the better of him; reluctantly, he offers the bigger piece to Titch. But the boy takes the small piece, leavin the delighted Ergo with the lion's share.
44) 31) dialog: (mouth full, points to his chest) I ... (bows from waist) ... am Titch.
45) 0) text: While Ergo and Titch tend the cooking fire, robbers leave hunt and others return with small game. Sitting against one of the stone dolmens, Colwyn tries to contact Lyssa, the glaive spinning in midair in front of him. Ynyr and Torquil look on.
45) 20) dialog: I'm hungry.
45) 22) dialog: I must fetch my master. (smiles at Cyclops as he passes) I'm Titch.
46) 4) dialog: It is me, Brother. He stands and places his hand on the boy's shoulder to be led back to camp. The Cyclops appears, having followed Ti to guard him. The Cyclops glances at the Changeling, but notices nothin unusual. He takes a few steps farther down the path, to check it out - and stops just short of a point that would show him the Seer's body fetched up against a rock in the stream. He turns and follows Titch back to the campsite.
47) 13) dialog: I'd wish for a puppy.
47) 15) dialog: I only want one.
51) 0) text: The band stands beside a fresh grave, outlined by stone markers. Colwyn is kneeling with his arms around Titch, whose face is buried against his chest.
51) 2) dialog: He was my only family.
55) 0) text: Before the camp wakes, the puppy crawls out of Titch's ar and trots behind the stone. It scans the spellbook lying open on the ground, then disappears in a gyrating white cloud and becomes Ergo again. As he sneaks back to his ow blanket, he sees the Cyclops watching him with a smile.
60) 0) text: Titch rides on the Cyclop's shoulders, straddling his nec He holds a small crossbow at the ready.
64) 0) text: Torquil and his men dandle INN GIRLS on their knees, laughing, leching, and guzzling. The INNKEEPER bustles about, assisted by a much-abused serving girl named VEELA whose beauty is concealed by kerchiefed hair, frumpy clothes, and a layer of soot. Across the room, Colwyn and Ergo sit in front of the fire staring gloomily into the flames. Titch comes in the back door and whispers to Torquil, who signals his men. They get up and head for the back wall, where Cyclops is swinging open a pair of large double doo Ergo is too glum to notice the sudden diminution of noise but Colwyn sees Torquil and his men carrying in a giant venison pie, ten feet across and five feet high.
64) 1) dialog: (comes up to Ergo) Ergo? The little man hunches forward, refusing to answer.
64) 2) dialog: Sir Ergo? ... My honorable Lord Ergo? ...
64) 5) dialog: I don't think it's working.
64) 7) dialog: It's right behind you. Ergo turns and his eyes grow as big as the pie.
64) 11) dialog: We meant only to please you.
64) 18) dialog: (knocks on the crust) Ergo? Are you all right? Ergo's head pops up through the crust.
65) 0) text: Colwyn and the Cyclops stand guard over sleeping robbers inn girls. Ergo floats half-awake in the gravy in the pie shell, a contented smile on his face. He opens his mouth allows a piece of venison to float into it. Then he hears whimpering and peers over the edge of the crust: Titch is asleep nearby, in the throws of a nightmare. The serving girl, Vella, is still busy cleaning up. As sh passes the pie shell, she hears scrabbling and splashing, and stops to see a puppy trying to clamber out.
73) 0) text: The band is mounted, except for the Cyclops. Titch sits behind Colwyn.
81) 11) dialog: (yanking him back) Ergo! Ergo allows himself to be pulled along, gazing back wistfully.
81) 13) dialog: Would you desert your friends?
89) 4) dialog: Yes, sir. The five move up the passage.