34) 1) dialog: The lad is quick, very quick. Colwyn wheels to see TORQUIL THE ROBBER leaning against a tree, his huge battle-axe resting casually across his shoulders. His cheek bulges with a wad of chewing tobacco
34) 2) dialog: But also very young. Six to one is no odds, boy.
34) 5) dialog: When your enemies outnumber you, boy, craft is more profitable than courage. Smile and go along and, sooner or later, they will grow careless. And then ... (throat-cutting gesture) ... sst! Colwyn sheaths his sword.
34) 7) dialog: (grins) Smart as well as quick. Now what do you have to give us?
34) 9) dialog: Fame? (laughs) Thank you, no. Fame is the burial ground of contentment. Eat it and go hungry; count it and go broke; seek it and grow mad. Fame is what fools yearn for and wise men shun.
34) 11) dialog: (taken aback) How did you know I had sons?
34) 13) dialog: Hah! You don't know me, boy.
34) 17) dialog: They stand at the edge of the grave and make jokes. (shouts) Do you know who I am, sprout? I am Torquil, Lord of the forest. My men follow no man but me, and I follow no man at all.
34) 19) dialog: (shifts his axe) And in the few seconds before I dice you to crow-food, tell me why I am going to follow you.
34) 21) dialog: And where do you lead, boy?
34) 23) dialog: (grins) It should be an interesting journey, then.
34) 25) dialog: (to his men) I compel no man to follow me on this journey.
34) 28) dialog: Go then, and let greed be your gravestone. Sweyn moves off into the forest. An angry oink causes the others to look up at the snare, which holds a small pig b its foot; as usual, Ergo's magic has boomeranged.
34) 29) dialog: What have we here? (prods the pig with his axe) Roast pork for dinner. The pig squeals his objections. Torquil signals to drop t snare, and picks the pig up under his arm.
34) 32) dialog: (sets him down) You had better manners as a pig.
35) 0) text: As the band nears the crest of the hill, Colwyn stumbles. Torquil reaches out to steady him.
35) 1) dialog: When did you last sleep, boy?
35) 3) dialog: They burn many villages. Even walled cities fall to them.
36) 1) dialog: We'll stop here to hunt. Even those who don't sleep must eat. Colwyn folds his arms across his chest, tries to stand up straight.
36) 3) dialog: (folding his arms across his chest) Not sleepy, either?
37) 0) text: Torquil and Ynyr talk to several PEASANTS at the edge of clearing while, in the center, Ergo tends the cooking fir beside which Colwyn lies asleep. Ergo's face lights up wh he sees Kegan arrive with a stag across his shoulders, an he snick-snacks his carving knife in anticipation. But Torquil has Kegan turn over the stag to the peasants, whi nearly gives Ergo apoplexy.
37) 2) dialog: (restraining him) Many villagers are hiding in the forest. They need food.
37) 4) dialog: We have plenty of hares.
37) 6) dialog: Surely a sorcerer of the sauce pan can make rabbit taste like venison.
37) 8) dialog: (moving off with Ynyr) I must take the old man to see some sick children. Kegan will guard you. But Kegan spots a hare and creeps into the forest after i leaving Ergo and Colwyn alone in the clearing. Suddenly, Ergo hears ominous noises. He peers into the da forest and his jaw drops as he sees a pair of red eyes staring out of the gloom. He snatches up a carving knife a frying pan and backs toward Colwyn, holding the pan as shield. The red-eyed thing moves toward them through the trees, and poor Ergo is unmanned by fear: he drops his kn and ducks his head behind the frying pan in sheer terror. But he hears the thing stop short and raises his head to look behind him, where a CYCLOPS stands with trident pois to throw. The little man assumes that both creatures are trying to kill him and faints dead away. But the trident aimed at the red-eyed thing, which has no desire to do battle with the Cyclops. The thing retreats, the red eyes fade. The Cyclops comes over to Ergo and kneels to listen his heart. Then he enters the forest after the Dark One.
38) 7) dialog: Knowledge I wouldn't want.
38) 11) dialog: (glance toward fire) But not our supper. Ergo sees smoke rising from a pot on the fire.
38) 13) dialog: Oh, my poor stomach.
39) 0) text: The band is asleep, Torquil on guard. As the eastern hori grows light, Torquil wakes Ynyr and Colwyn.
40) 0) text: Colwyn sits against a tree, brow furrowed in concentratio the golden glaive spinning in midair in front of him. Yny and Torquil look on.
41) 15) dialog: There's an Emerald Circle a few leagues from here. (moves to Colwyn) We'll find her.
41) 17) dialog: (thumbs the tears from Colwyn's cheeks) Those are not child's tear. A child cries for himself, a man cries for those he loves.
42) 0) text: Colwyn and Torquil top the hill and look down at the lake the surface of which looks as if it had been instantly frozen in the midst of a great storm.
42) 1) dialog: We can save half a day by crossing the Stone Lake.
42) 3) dialog: (grin) No maze to me, my fried. It is where we take refuge when they hunt us.
43) 0) text: At the edge of the lake, an enormous wave is poised to break, frozen in blue stone, even to the froth that caps Torquil leads the band into the maze.
43) 16) dialog: So. You're something more than a seeker of fame. Colwyn shrugs sheepishly.
43) 17) dialog: Well, I'm not impressed.
43) 19) dialog: (grin) I'm a little impressed.
45) 0) text: While Ergo and Titch tend the cooking fire, robbers leave hunt and others return with small game. Sitting against one of the stone dolmens, Colwyn tries to contact Lyssa, the glaive spinning in midair in front of him. Ynyr and Torquil look on.
45) 3) dialog: The leader of the Dark Ones?
47) 1) dialog: (raising a joint) Passable, pimple, very passable.
47) 3) dialog: Your boast is a bigger mouthful than your roast, Magnificence. He glances over his shoulder at Colwyn, who is leaning against a dolmen, staring gloomily into the darkness. Torquil gets up and goes to him, carrying the joint.
47) 4) dialog: You've eaten nothing.
47) 6) dialog: Yes. It will double our range. (grins) I know at least a dozen ways to get horses. All cheap.
47) 8) dialog: (sigh) Lad, you have an unnatural desire to pay for things. It stunts the mind and shrivels the imagination.
47) 10) dialog: (hands it over) A flicker of talent. Colwyn's hunger comes alive as he starts to work on the joint.
47) 11) dialog: But I can't tell yet whether it's a talent for theft or gluttony. Ergo, Titch, and the Cyclops, full to bursting, are stretched out together beside the fire.
50) 0) text: The Cyclops stands near the spot where the real Seer was killed. He moves downstream a few yards - and suddenly se the Seer's body floating in the water, caught against the rocks. He realizes immediately that the band is in great danger; he races up the path toward the camp. As Colwn leads the Changeling down the path, we see the h on his shoulder turn into a claw. The claw is moving towa his neck when suddenly the Cyclops bursts from the trees front of them. Colwyn stares in disbelief as the Cyclops hurls his trident straight at him. The weapon whistles pa his ear and slices off the Changeling's arm at the should Colwyn spins, sees the red eyes, ducks backward as the Changeling swipes at him with his other hand - now become claw. He draws his glaive as the Changeling reverts entir to bestial form, its hideous black body bursting the seam of the emerald-green robe. As the creature springs at Colwyn, we see, for an instant the horrible face: teeth flashing, eyes burning. Then Colwyn's glaive strikes between the eyes. Slit by the horizontal blades of the glaive, the eyes explode in a bu of red and the thing dies with a scream. Torquil, Ynyr, and others run up. The body of the creatur has already turned to ash, forming the characteristic Vor of the Dark Ones.
52) 0) text: Colwyn, Ynyr, and Torquil sit by the fire while the other sleep.
52) 2) dialog: The Widow of the Web?
52) 4) dialog: That creature helps no one. And none who go there return.
52) 6) dialog: She has the power to kill.
52) 8) dialog: Her name is Death.
57) 4) dialog: (indicating Slayers) Fewer will survive them.
58) 4) dialog: (extends a hand) Take hold! But the waters of betrayal have begun their work:
58) 5) text: He sees Torquil stand and embrace Lyssa, who comes from behind a tree.
58) 6) dialog: Let him drown.
58) 17) dialog: I can't hold the weight of both of you!
58) 21) dialog: They do not exist, except in the waters of the Swamp, where they will remain.
59) 0) text: The band emerges from the Swamp, which laps at the foot o the Widow's Mountain. Ynyr faces Colwyn and Torquil.
59) 4) dialog: (hand on Colwyn's shoulder) Each to his fate, lad.
61) 0) text: Kegan, Oswin, and Rhun are downing flagons of sack and dandling pretty INN-GIRLS on their knees. Torquil eyes th enviously from the fireplace across the room, but can't bring himself to leave Colwyn, who takes no comfort from wine or women.
61) 2) dialog: What kind of friend do you think I am?
61) 4) dialog: Well, it is true that if I received a royal command I couldn't very well disobey it, could I?
61) 6) dialog: (grins) Yes, my lord. He strides across the room, seizes a pair of Inn-Girls by the waist and swings them around. Ergo, sitting near Colwyn, stares despondently into the fire.
64) 0) text: Torquil and his men dandle INN GIRLS on their knees, laughing, leching, and guzzling. The INNKEEPER bustles about, assisted by a much-abused serving girl named VEELA whose beauty is concealed by kerchiefed hair, frumpy clothes, and a layer of soot. Across the room, Colwyn and Ergo sit in front of the fire staring gloomily into the flames. Titch comes in the back door and whispers to Torquil, who signals his men. They get up and head for the back wall, where Cyclops is swinging open a pair of large double doo Ergo is too glum to notice the sudden diminution of noise but Colwyn sees Torquil and his men carrying in a giant venison pie, ten feet across and five feet high.
64) 14) dialog: (holds out a knife) Look at its insides.
71) 2) dialog: It's a hundred leagues from here.
71) 4) dialog: Those beasts cannot be saddled by mortal men.
71) 9) dialog: The innkeeper. As Colwyn and Torquil move toward the inn, Ynyr draws the Cyclops aside, glancing at the bands of white linen on hi wrists.
73) 12) dialog: (pointing up) We must cover a hundred leagues before sunrise.
77) 3) dialog: Look out! They dodge the hissing steam of pitch, but a second strea catches Oswin, who screams as he's enveloped by the boili liquid. Colwyn and Torquil look up to see a cauldron of pitch bei moved into position directly above them. But Torquil poin down the wall where ... ... the Cyclops is galloping along the parapet, the hoove of his fire-mare sparking against the stone. Titch stands the saddle behind him, with a crossbow laid across his br shoulder. The boy looses a bolt and hits one of the Slaye at the cauldron, saving Colwyn and Torquil. The Slayers loose a hail of arrows, several of which stri the Cyclops in the chest. But he keeps coming, and Titch keeps firing bolts from behind his shoulder, felling Slay like deer. As the twin suns are about to rise, the Slayers overturn great cauldron of pitch, which pours down the wall, headi straight for Colwyn ...
78) 3) dialog: (glance toward Slayers) I'll stay behind and keep them busy.
79) 0) text: The band moves down the stairs. Above, the Slayers reach the stone door, but they're clea reluctant to descend. One steps forward and starts down - but then hears the eerie screams of the Dark Ones below. scurries back up and, with the others, backs away from th door. On the stairs below, the eerie screams are deafening, echoing through the stone corridors. Ynyr leads the band, taking them down the stairs, across a landing, and down another flight of stairs. Torquil notices mortar crumbling between the stones of th staircase.
79) 1) dialog: Look.
80) 1) dialog: (looking back) They're gaining on us. (draws his sword) We must slow them up with steel. They are standing beneath a Romanesque arch that supports the wall.
80) 3) dialog: You're resourceful, my lad. (grins) I tell you, one year under my tutelage and I could make you the Prince of Thieves.
80) 5) dialog: (modest bow) Naturally. Suddenly, a black claw bursts from the stone rubble and clutches Torquil by the neck. Colwyn quickly draws his sw and hacks off the arm, which disintegrates into gray ash.
80) 6) dialog: (fingering his neck) A good thrust, my friend. Another second and there'd have been nothing between my head and shoulders but bad memories.
80) 8) dialog: Perhaps. If the pay is good. Colwyn signals Ynyr, who leads the group down the corrido and then down yet another flight of stone stairs. They emerge in ...
81) 2) dialog: Torquil ... Torquil turns to see a wizened, hollow-eyed old man: hims at the end of his life.
81) 3) dialog: Do not let this happen, Torquil. A PRIESTESS OF YOUTH steps out from behind a pillar: she eighteen, wearing a transparent garment that shows the stunning beauty of her young body. She holds a golden gob containing a rainbow-colored liquid.
81) 19) dialog: (sees him and shouts) Kegan!
89) 2) dialog: (sadly, grips his hand) That is true. The wet-eyed Ergo is too choked with emotion to approach old man. Ynyr lays a hand on Titch's head.
89) 10) text: The five make their way up the staircase to a landing. As Torquil starts up the next flight, Colwyn calls him back.
90) 1) dialog: Which one?
92) 2) dialog: Colwyn, don't be a fool. You can't do battle with that thing.
92) 5) dialog: Don't worry. I'll tap him on the head with my sword hilt if I have to.
92) 8) dialog: (to the others) I'll get him. Make for the wall. Torquil heads for Colwyn. Ergo pushes Lyssa and Titch tow the wall.