65) 0) text: Colwyn and the Cyclops stand guard over sleeping robbers inn girls. Ergo floats half-awake in the gravy in the pie shell, a contented smile on his face. He opens his mouth allows a piece of venison to float into it. Then he hears whimpering and peers over the edge of the crust: Titch is asleep nearby, in the throws of a nightmare. The serving girl, Vella, is still busy cleaning up. As sh passes the pie shell, she hears scrabbling and splashing, and stops to see a puppy trying to clamber out.
65) 2) dialog: (to Cyclops) It's the little man called Ergo, isn't it?
65) 4) dialog: He must care a lot for the boy.
66) 8) dialog: The cruelest fate is to be far from the one you love, not knowing whether you will ever see him again.
67) 0) text: Vella sits dejectedly on the edge of the bed. Colwyn stan near.
67) 1) dialog: I was betrothed to a boy from my village. We were to be married this summer, but he traveled across the sea and his ship was lost. (bows her head, whispers) They say he drowned, but I know he is alive. I know he will come back to me. Moved by her grief, Colwyn sits on the bed and takes her his arms to comfort her.
67) 3) dialog: (lifts her head) Perhaps you think no man would return to me.
67) 5) dialog: Am I not worth returning to?
67) 7) dialog: Am I not beautiful enough to be loved?
67) 9) dialog: Even by you?
69) 0) text: Colwyn and Vella in each other's arms.
69) 1) dialog: You too are lonely.
69) 3) dialog: Let me comfort you.
69) 5) dialog: Then give me comfort. Sleep with me tonight.
69) 7) dialog: One night is no betrayal. Have pity on me. (begins to cry) Please, I beg you, do not refuse me. You do not know the price. Her tears wash the blue dye from her eyes and we see that her eyes are red. Colwyn is in the arms of a Dark One.
69) 9) dialog: You will not, then?
69) 11) dialog: My master told me: make him betray her; if he will not, kill him. Colwyn steps back from her.
69) 12) dialog: (thrusts out her claw) Yes, he is my master. Colwyn plucks his glaive from his belt and poises it to throw.
69) 13) dialog: These talons were a heartbeat from your throat. I could have killed you in an instant. Colwyn lowers the glaive.
69) 14) dialog: But in the hour I knew you, I loved you. That love is life for you and death for me. Remember me. In the Vortex, Lyssa stares defiantly at the red-eyed Colwyn.