56) 0) text: The band makes its way past the Swamp, heading for the Widow's Mountain, visible in the distance.
59) 0) text: The band emerges from the Swamp, which laps at the foot o the Widow's Mountain. Ynyr faces Colwyn and Torquil.
62) 0) text: Ynyr climbs toward the hourglass opening of the Widow's c above, lit by an eerie light from within.
63) 0) text: A gigantic web of crystal stretches across a vast, domed cavern, shimmering in the luminescence from below. At the center of the web is a domed cubicle, made of criss-cross ribbons of mirror glass. Light flashes off the mirrors in such a way that it is impossible to see, through the openings, who or what is within. The blinding effect does not occur inside the cubicle, so that a POV SHOT from inside shows the entire web clearly. also shows, reflected from hundreds of facets on the insi of the structure, the face of the WIDOW, the old woman wh sits at the center: a hideous crone, grotesque and distorted. She sees Ynyr standing at the edge of the web.
63) 1) dialog: (low) Someone comes here. She picks up an hourglass, containing only a handful of sand, and turns it to start the sand running out.
63) 2) dialog: This is his time. Ynyr is shouting at her from the edge of the web.
63) 5) dialog: (calls) Who speaks that name!
63) 7) dialog: It is fifty years since I heard that name.
63) 9) dialog: I was beautiful then.
63) 11) dialog: But you would not stay with me.
63) 13) dialog: She was not as beautiful.
63) 15) dialog: She bore you many children?
63) 17) dialog: You had a son.
63) 19) dialog: You had left me! I kept silent out of rage.
63) 21) dialog: I killed him when he was born. (pause) This place is my punishment. The old man bends his head sadly. When he looks up, he se in the mirrors that tears are coursing down the Widow's cheek. As he watches the tears, the mirrored face turns t that of a beautiful young girl. And the Widow is stunned find that she sees the reflections as he sees them: the f of a young girl.
63) 22) dialog: Do not try your trickery on me!
63) 24) dialog: Those are reflections. (turns to face him) This is my face! When she starts to turn, we SEE her as old. But when she faces Ynyr, we SEE her THROUGH HIS EYES: as a young girl.
63) 26) dialog: (smiles) Yes. A REVERSE ANGLE explains her smile: she sees him as the young man who loved her.
63) 28) dialog: Power you have given me. What can my power give you?
63) 30) dialog: Of what?
63) 32) dialog: Why must you know?
63) 34) dialog: You lie!
63) 36) dialog: (lowers her eyes) No.
63) 38) dialog: Tomorrow, the Fortress of Krull will rise with the sun in the Valley of Reeds. But the knowledge is of no use to you. No man has ever escaped the Web. And soon the creature will come for you, even here. Ynyr touches his glaive.
63) 39) dialog: (shakes her head) It will not help.
63) 41) dialog: Hold out your hand. She breaks the hourglass and pours the sand into his open hand.
63) 42) dialog: Those are the sands of my life. So long as they remain in your hand, the creature cannot harm you. Ynyr closes his hand, but the sand trickles out through h fingers. He tries clenching it tightly, but the sand continues to run.
63) 44) dialog: You cannot stop time. Go now, before it runs out.
63) 46) dialog: There is sand enough for only one life. Go now, save the other. She watches Ynyr make his way across the web toward the c entrance. The ANGLE is BEHIND HER, and we SEE her hands g gnarled and mottled, her body become that of an old woman once again - but when we SWING AROUND IN FRONT OF HER, we SEE that her face is still that of a young girl. The crystal spider scuttles across the web to attack Ynyr But the old man holds up his clenched fist and shows the sand running from his fingers. Stymied, the spider crouches and turns blood red. A screa of rage fills the cave. Ynyr reaches the safety of the entrance and looks back: t blood-red spider scuttles to the center of the web and smashes open the cubicle. Ynyr looks at his hand: the san has run out. As the old man makes his way sadly down the mountain ...