6) 42) text: One of the guests catches Max's eye: NATASHA, young and beautiful, returns his gaze for an extra moment and smile
6) 78) text: Max doesn't answer. His eyes have drifted back to Natasha She plucks a drink from a passing tray, revealing a dark smudge across the inside of her wrist as she does.
6) 86) text: Max weaves through the party towards Natasha, out of plac his utilitarian clothes. She looks up as he gets closer..
6) 91) dialog: ow it's your turn to say something...
6) 96) dialog: Thank you. It's... (glancing past Max) Shit.
6) 98) text: Seeing Natasha standing with Max, Mona barrels across the room towards them. People stand aside to let her pass.
6) 99) text: ithout preamble, Mona begins YELLING at Natasha in Russia Natasha RESPONDS in kind, clearly intimidated by Mona.
6) 100) text: Abruptly, Mona grabs Natasha's arm, jerking her off balan
6) 115) text: Mona returns to Natasha, dragging her towards the door. Natasha's tone becomes PLEADING, physically no match for Mona. Max steps in, reaching up to touch Mona's shoulder.
6) 117) text: For a moment, Max and Mona stare each other down. Surpris reevaluating each other. Natasha continues to TALK, her Russian anxious as Mona's bodyguards push through the cro
6) 120) text: The crowd begins to notice the altercation. Natasha keeps TALKING, trying desperately to make peace and reassure Mo of something. Mona's eyes cut between Natasha and Max...
6) 123) dialog: My sister. (beat) Sort of a bitch.
6) 129) text: Max turns to the spot where Natasha had been.   She's gon
6) 165) text: uddenly, Max turns and sees Natasha standing beside him. immediately notice something different about her: staring boldly into Max's eyes, all her earlier shyness vanished.
6) 168) text: Natasha glances through the door at the shifting shadows, smiling at what she sees. Max follows her eyes...
7) 1) text: Max leads Natasha inside. Before he can even shut the doo Natasha pounces - kissing, hands running over his body. A he pushes back, Natasha's hands slip into Max's pockets..
7) 2) text: Abruptly, Natasha breaks away and looks around the apartm
7) 4) dialog: You just move in?
7) 20) text: Not really interested, Natasha walks deeper into the room
7) 23) text: In response, Natasha unbuckles her pants and lets them dr Still walking, opening her shirt on her way out of the ro
7) 29) text: In Max's bed, a thin sheet barely covers Natasha's body. lips tremble with a slurred SONG. With predatory eyes, sh watches Max stop in the doorway, something holding him ba
7) 35) dialog: The girl from the boring story you want tell me. The one that ends with you living here. Very sad.
7) 36) text: Caught off guard, Max tries to figure out how much he'll Natasha resumes CHANTING as she waits - a stream of frant SYLLABLES rattling off, nothing recognizable as words.
7) 38) dialog: tell you what... (beat, evil smile) Call me by her name.
7) 41) text: Natasha grins, legs spreading, sheet starting to fall awa
7) 43) dialog: That way you can make love to her again, just like she never left you. (shrill, mocking voice) Oh, Max, I miss you...
7) 70) dialog: Excuse me?
7) 73) text: Natasha explodes out of the bed, springing up naked in fr of Max - shoulders heaving with rage, eyes wild black hol
7) 76) text: For a moment, it seems like Natasha is about to attack. physically intimidated, Max stares at her in disbelief.
7) 79) text: Natasha stomps into the hall, gathering her clothes. She pulls a cell phone from her crumpled pants and dials...
7) 81) dialog: (on phone) Owen, pick up if you're awake...
8) 1) text: Natasha walks down a dark, desolate block, the sound of h HEELS echoing off of the crumbling buildings around her. eyes are still wild, her stride quick and aggressive.
8) 2) text: A group of MEN huddle in a stairway to avoid the wind. As Natasha passes, they look up at her with equally wild eye
8) 25) text: Natasha barrels down the alley, squinting to see ahead. music is a little louder, BASS shaking the dumpsters.
8) 27) text: Suddenly unsettled by something, Natasha's pace slows. tenses, all her swagger vanishing before our eyes...
8) 28) text: can RATTLES in the alley behind her.    Natasha spins...
8) 31) text: Eyes wide with terror, Natasha searches for something in shapes cast by the moths, dread deepening as she finds it
8) 33) text: Natasha CRIES OUT, stumbling back.      She turns, runnin
8) 35) dialog: ot yet!   Please, just let me...
8) 36) text: Natasha's SCREAMS seem lost in the chaos of wind and WING and distant MUSIC. She suddenly stops running...
11) 68) text: Alex hands over the address and hurries away, leaving Max standing in the alley, surrounded by Natasha's remains.
16) 17) text: Bravura slides a folder over to Max - photographs of the alley, Natasha's covered body. Bravura watches his reacti
16) 45) text: Bravura replaces Natasha's pictures with a stack of shots taken in Alex's apartment. Despite himself, Max freezes.
20) 21) text: ...and a pair of wings, just like Natasha's.