2) 2) text: Our YOUNG WOMAN (AMY KLEIN) moving through the party. She reaches into the pocket of her long black coat and lifts a TAPE RECORDER. She clicks it on and slips it back into pocket.
3) 0) text: Back to scene as Amy's eyes flutter open, quickly adjusti to her unfamiliar surroundings. She freezes for a beat, t after determining that the Man is asleep, she slides her off the mattress and rolls quietly onto the floor.
5) 5) text: Hey, Amy... AMY
5) 8) text: Mmm... Betty gives a broad gesture over her shoulder, pointing toward the Editor's office across the work space. Amy hea across the way, toward the office. Betty picks up the pho
5) 10) text: Mr. Rickman... Amy's here. Right.
5) 12) text: Ah, I detect that unique and ubiquitous combination of female sweat and patchouli oil that signals the arrival of... He turns toward a dour Amy.
5) 16) dialog: Eat me, Charles. CHARLES
5) 18) dialog: I wasn't fired. I was re-assigned.
5) 22) dialog: I seem to recall a rather similar                         "reassignment" with you, Charles.
5) 26) dialog: Hey a contract's a contract. She holds up the cassette recorder.
5) 27) dialog: Look, if all this about me being late                     with the crack whore story It's all right here -- and it's gold. I was just about to- 6 CHARLES (interrupting)
5) 29) text: But this is better. Amy spots an open container of Chinese food on Charles's desk. She inspects it, then picks something out of it wit pair of chop sticks.
5) 30) dialog: So what then? Are we being sued again?
5) 33) dialog: Thanks. What is this? General Tso's cat?
5) 37) dialog: What is it? Charles closes the door. 7 AMY
5) 40) dialog: Oh, sure. They're generally in their forties, kind of ex-hippy types. They still think Jerry Garcia is like "really cool" even though he's dead.
5) 42) dialog: You know, sometimes they wear ponytails. Dream about how great the sixties were. You see `em in the park sometimes...
5) 68) dialog: ...sits forward in her seat, not quite believing what she seeing. AMY
5) 74) dialog: drops her cigarette as it burns down to her fingers. She stands.
5) 79) dialog: I want to know if you've called the pol...
5) 81) dialog: Oh, man, don't tell me that was some special effect...
5) 98) dialog: What the hell...
5) 100) dialog: Have you... have you found any of these...
5) 103) dialog: How could she... 14
5) 105) dialog: Who said they happen there? She lifts her fingers to the side of her head, duplicatin the action of Katya slipping her fingers inside the wound HARLES
5) 106) text: Amy... you know what my father said once...
5) 107) dialog: That all writers were queers?
5) 110) dialog: Maybe they're just getting started. CHARLES
5) 112) dialog: What else do we have besides the tape?
5) 115) dialog: Why Charles...
5) 118) dialog: You know me too well. CHARLES
5) 120) text: Now here's the part where I'm supposed to say be careful. Be careful. AMY
8) 0) text: Amy walks past the lobby and up the stairs.
9) 0) text: Amy makes her way down the narrow dark hallway and finds appropriate door. She knocks at it. No answer. She looks down and sees a lone fly crawl out from under t door. Then another follows, and another. She kneels down inspect it. She leans forward and sniffs. The results are inconclusiv Then she lays herself flat down on the floor, presses her nose up against the bottom of the door and sniffs. The smell of dead wretched air is overwhelming. And that's when a large WORN SHOE steps into frame right front of Amy.
9) 2) text: Have you lost something? Amy leaps up in one quick move to find herself face to fa with THE MANAGER, an older man who's a little winded from climb up here. Between his teeth he clenches a half chewe three quarter smoked cigar. The smoke seeps through his yellowed teeth.
9) 3) dialog: Yes, I ah..... She pats her pockets. Then tries another tactic.
9) 4) dialog: No. I'm looking for my sister. Marla Chen.
9) 7) dialog: She's my half sister. Same Mom. Different Dads. I haven't heard from her in two weeks so I got nervous. The Manager stares at her in disbelief. Knows she's up to something. Amy sniffs the air coming from the room again.
9) 8) dialog: Does it always smell like this in here? The Manager blows a bloom of smoke out of his nostrils. H yanks the cigar from his mouth and sniffs. Doesn't seem t bad to him. MANAGER
9) 10) dialog: Look. Marla is a friend of mine and she's missing. my pulls a few American bills from her pocket.
9) 11) dialog: I need five minutes in there. Then I'll know what I need to know. The Manager stares at the money for a beat, then stares b at Amy. He bites down on his cigar and snatches it out of hand.
10) 0) text: Amy steps in and stops, struggling to keep herself from retching. No sign of anything dead. No sound except the sinister buzzing of flies. Amy steps cautiously in. She looks toward one side, sees a closet with a double sliding door. She slides open one side, sees nothing that shouldn't be there -- a ragged winter jacket, a green pla raincoat, a hangar festooned with scarfs, some other garm still obscured beneath cleaning bag plastic. She hesitates, then calmly slides the other side open. Mo of the same. She turns in the other direction. There's a little kitche Nothing dead there. She starts forward then turns back -- staring at the refrigerator. She goes quickly over and tu it open. It's empty. Not so much as a ketchup bottle. Curious, she opens the freezer. The same. Empty. She heads through the living room and down a narrow corri leading to another bedroom. At the end of the hallway is bathroom. The door to the bathroom is open and the toilet the far wall, faces the door. Marla is there. Dressed only in bra and panties, she is sitting on the cl lid of the john, leaning forward in what seems, at first, be an impossible angle. Her hands hang forward, almost touching the floor. Her head is cocked back, staring up. skin is gray, swollen. Amy takes a few steps forward, for a better look. As she approaches, she sees the reason for the odd position of t body. A long boot-lace has been tied around Marla's neck and ti to the wall pipe on the toilet. The flesh of her neck has swollen out, almost burying the boot-lace. She has hanged herself in this ghastly way. Amy takes another step forward. As she does, there's a su loud buzzing as the flies that crawl on Marla abruptly ri up, alarmed (or whatever it is flies are) at her approach But they soon return to the corpse, crawling about the fa around the edges of the glazed, eyes, around the margins the open mouth, rimmed with dry foam -- around the out-th tongue.
10) 2) text: Amy covers her mouth with her shirt, trying to filter out stench. She backs away from the body and into another roo
10) 5) text: Amy hears a scratching noise coming from outside the room She stuffs the book in her satchel. Amy turns toward the door that leads to the hall and the unseen bathroom. She sits, silent, waiting.
10) 9) text: Her outstretched fingers just manage to touch the envelop She pitches it and pulls it toward her. It falls off the sink and onto the floor behind Marla. Now, Amy must kneel, and reach past Marla face. She holds breath as she reaches long and far... She manages to grab the envelope, but her face is almost cheek to cheek with the rotting corpse. As she pulls the envelope up, she notices something else in Marla's hidden hand. THE PUZZLE BOX. Amy reaches over and pries open Marla's hand. Her blacken fingers snap as they are pulled off the box. Amy grabs th box and envelope, stuffs them into her bag, and stands. As she stands next to Marla's body suddenly-
10) 13) dialog: Dead! She hung herself in the bathroom. Call the police. 22
10) 14) text: The Manager grabs Amy by the arm. He pulls the cigar from mouth and points it in her direction. Amy hears police si in the background. MANAGER
10) 15) text: Already did. Who are you? (pointing his cigar at Amy's satchel)
10) 16) text: What do you have in there? In a flash Amy twists her arm out of his grasp, and sling her knee up into his nuts. He doubles over.
11) 0) text: Amy comes flying down the hall at top speed. She reaches top of the stairs and starts down... ...and as she does, feet slip. She slides down five or six steps, then over-balances, throwing out her hands to keep her chin from hitting the polished stone steps. She keeps sliding down, finally ove balancing again, flipping over and landing on her back on landing half-way between the floors. A MY
12) 0) text: Amy breaks through the doors of the building. She hits tw the ten stairs down to the sidewalk. People walking by ha notice. Up ahead, a police car is turning down the street. She st and walks calmly, diverting her eyes. The police car race by, and Amy walks faster, and faster, then runs.
13) 0) text: Close on a tray of ice being cracked apart. It's contents poured into a open towel. Amy is sitting on the floor in front of her couch, now dressed in only panties and a bra -- an image unpleasantl reminiscent of Marla -- especially with the spotting of bruises and roughly bandaged scrapes on her pale skin. She has a dripping ice pack in one hand, which she applie this bruise and that -- and a bottle of gin in the other. doesn't look happy. She takes a drink, then looks toward and VCR in front of her. There's a tape half-inserted into the VCR. We can see the empty envelope with "AMY" written on it, lying on the flo he tape is within reach of Amy's bare foot, and she lifts toe toward it, hesitant. She puts her toe against the tape...hanging on the edge of decision. Finally, she shov it forward with her toe.
13) 3) text: I knew you'd come. Course if you're watching this tape, it's already too late for me. But maybe you can stop it. Amy removes the PUZZLE BOX from her satchel. Stares at it MARLA
13) 5) text: Don't open the box Amy. If you do Winter wins, and if he wins-
13) 10) text: Save them Amy. Please... WINTER (O.S.)
13) 12) text: Those you trust the most -- trust the least. - shuts off the camera. It goes black for a few seconds, then cuts to snow. Amy sits, staring at the snow, her face empty. She sets t PUZZLE BOX on the table and stares at it. Takes a sip of drink. AMY (TO HERSELF)
13) 13) text: Don't open it. Right. phone rings. It shakes Amy out of her fugue. She leans over picks up the receiver. An old style phone. AMY
14) 2) dialog: You know I don't sleep when I'm working. What do you want, Charles?
14) 6) dialog: You know that's never a good thing Charles. Amy looks at the Puzzle box on the table. It seems to be reflecting the snow of the TV set in some strange form. She looks closer, it's an ABSTRACT IMAGE OF A LITTLE GIRL SCREAMING.   She compares it to the TV set, it shows only white static snow.
14) 8) dialog: That's what I get paid for.
14) 13) dialog: Okay, Charles. I'll make sure it won't be.
14) 15) dialog: Charles, I can't do the sensitive thing. I don't know how. I get the message. I knew the message before I got it. Okay, Mommy? You've had a change of heart? You want me to come home? Well I can't. Not until I know the truth. So there. You're off the hook. I gotta go.
15) 0) text: Amy hangs up. She waits a moment, hesitates -- then takes PUZZLE BOX from the table. She begins to explore it's edg with her fingers, rolling it over and over in her hands. It starts to unlock. She jumps as it begins to change shape, and sets it back the table. Light seems to emanate from within as it click into another form. The table beneath it seems tremble, th ice in her drink taps against the edge of the glass. figure appears in the darkness behind her. PINHEAD. Here go folks- THE PHONE RINGS. She nearly leaps out of the chair, strik the puzzle box with her hand. The Puzzle Box closes. PINHEAD vanishes back into the shadows.
15) 1) dialog: Charles, I get the message. OK?    Your my editor, not my Mommy! (long beat)
15) 2) text: Charles? Amy waits. But there's no sound.
15) 3) dialog: Hello? Hello? A sound comes over the line -- a hoarse gurgling sound - ghastly wet sound - the same sound Amy heard coming from throat of the hanged Marla.
16) 0) text: A thunderous noise trails a subway car as it streaks out station. Lit with cold fluorescent light, Amy, now dressed, with h sunglasses in place, slides her card through the slot and shoves through the turnstile. She descends the long, non- working escalator -- the only one on it at this time of night.
16) 1) text: She reaches the subway platform. It is virtually empty. Amy has come down stairs that land her just about in the middle. She scans the far end of the platform, past a lon FIGURE in a SHINY GREEN PLASTIC RAINCOAT who lies motionl on a bench. - a couple MIDDLE-AGED GUYS in security uniforms, maybe heading for some night shift somewhere, stand, not moving hands thrust in pockets. She turns back to the bench but the FIGURE in the SHINY G RAINCOAT is gone. She takes up a position at the far end of the platform. S waits. A moment later, a bit of a breeze starts moving her hair. few seconds later, a train comes roaring into the station Amy watches the car pass her, one by one, as the train sl The train is virtually empty. One car after the next roll as the train slows. Finally, as the train moves slowly to a stop, a car diffe from the others comes in. This one, for some odd reason, seems to have newspaper covering all the windows -- taped from the inside.
16) 3) text: One of the doors of the covered car comes to a stop direc in front of the spot where Amy is standing -- the spot ma by the stenciled PUZZLE BOX. There's a pause, then the do slide open -- just one the one set in front of Amy. The others stay closed. The interior of the car is dark -- th lights, apparently, are not working. A tall ODD-LOOKING MAN in a CONDUCTOR'S UNIFORM is standi there. He gestures toward the adjoining car. ONDUCTOR
16) 5) dialog: Is Joey on this ride?
17) 0) text: The interior of the car has been transformed into some od ball cross between a very small nightclub and an crackhou As the train passes out of the station, and the lights di we can see the lights from joints and crack pipes -- or a any rate something being smoked in some kind of pipe, glinting in the darkness. Various hands reach up and tug the newspapers, and the tunnel lights come in, providing flickering, constantly changing illumination. In the uncertain light, Amy can see the various CELEBRANT hanging out -- some on the seats, some on the floor, some dressed, some partially undressed, some engaging in desul drug use, others in desultory sex acts -- mostly teenager and twenty-nothings. Amy looks around, not particularly effected by the oddnes the scene. The Conductor touches her arm.
17) 2) text: She pretty much ignores it all as she makes her way towar the rear of the car. A rat feeds on the contents of a you woman's purse as she and another woman are tangled in passion. There, illuminated in flashes, JOEY, a thin ill-shaven English guy in his mid-twenties is sprawled on a seat. On his lower eyelids has a ring in it. It flicks up every ti he blinks. He reads a newspaper while a woman bobs her he up and down in his lap. Joey looks up and spots Amy. He points an accusing finger her, but his mood is good-natured.. JOEY
17) 3) text: Ahhhh, now here comes a daring soul. A person committed to a just cause. Another seeker of the truth no doubt. Joey is clearly smitten with Amy.
17) 5) dialog: Are you Joey?
17) 8) dialog: Amy Klein. Marla Chen sent me. I'm looking for a girl named Katya. Another young girl with red hair and half her head shaved. A guy with glasses named Winter. Joey's eyes narrow. Something has clearly clicked. He lau slightly, starts shaking his head.
17) 10) dialog: That's why I'm here. I need you to help me find them.
17) 15) dialog: I think they bring the dead back to life.
17) 17) dialog: Who are they? Where can I find Winter?
17) 19) dialog: Where is it? Joey hesitates. A part of him clearly doesn't want to tel AMY
17) 22) dialog: If you don't tell me, someone here will.
17) 24) dialog: I'm already into it.
17) 30) dialog: I'm not asking you to. Amy begins to walk off. Joey leans forward, for the first time he seems sincere, almost foreboding. He shouts over breaking train.
17) 32) text: Amy Klein, I'm doing a change of heart thing here, which doesn't usually happen with strangers, but I'm trying to give a little back, it's this whole Karma kick I'm on -- don't do it. Don't go any deeper. Forget about it. Move away. Change your name. Become somebody different. The other members of the car watch the two of them.
17) 33) dialog: Can't do that. I've got that fucked up self- destructive thing going on.
18) 0) text: Amy stands on the platform as the door hisses shut. The t pulls away. She checks her watch, then moves to the other side of the platform. She looks down the tunnel. The ligh from an approaching train is beginning to reflect off the curved wall of the tunnel. She turns back in the direction she just looked. Far down platform, there's a bench with a lone occupant - - a slum over figure dressed in a SHINY GREEN RAINCOAT. She turns toward it, staring. In the distance, no details of face o form are visible -- just the lumpy figure in the shiny gr raincoat. She takes a step toward it, but still cannot ma out any detail in the slumped over figure. She approaches as does the train. There is no sign of movement. She comes around, closer to the edge of the platform, to a more direct view of the green-coated form. As she does, sees that one hand is draped off the front edge of the be hanging limp. The hand is gray. Amy takes a step forward.
18) 2) text: His eyes pop open! He looks at her with large black eyes, dead eyes. Dripping from beneath his raincoat is a small of fresh blood. Amy gasps, takes a step back -- and her heel lands on the edge of the subway platform. She struggles for balance. Abruptly, a man's voice comes from somewhere. VOICE
18) 3) text: Amy Klein! Amy stumbles forward, goes down to her knees and turns. Around twenty feet behind her, standing on the edge of th platform, with his back toward the drop, is- - WINTER, wearing a black trench-coat, cinched at the wai He looks down the tunnel. Amy does as well. The train is coming into the station. She turns back toward Winter. He stares at her, with malevolent eyes. And as the train comes flying in, he calmly falls backwar directly into its path. Amy screams. In an instant she's up, running alongside the braking tra The doors open, but virtually nobody comes out. The front the train is still far ahead. AMY
18) 4) text: Hey! You hit someone! Someone fell in front of the train! Hey! Hey! The doors hiss and start to close. Finally, Amy reaches t front window of the train. She hammers on it. It opens an middle-aged WOMAN'S face leans out -- the DRIVER.
18) 5) dialog: Somebody fell... somebody fell in front of the train.
18) 7) dialog: Back there, way back... She looks back in the direction from which she's come. Th bench is now empty.
19) 0) text: The train is still there, doors open. There are TRANSIT C on the station, disgruntled passengers hanging out on the platform... TRACK WORKERS are poking around underneath it Amy is leaning against one of the metal pillars, staring the empty bench -- at the place where the mysterious figu was sitting. She's looking grim. Behind her, a Track Worker approaches the DRIVER, who's standing with a pair of Transit Cops. He's shaking his he shrugging. The Driver curses, heads back toward the first car. One of the COPS approaches Amy.
19) 2) dialog: And there's nothing there?
19) 4) text: Hmm? There's a sudden hiss. Amy turns as the train doors close
19) 8) dialog: Um, I was standing on the platform...
19) 10) text: The train starts to move out of the station. Amy looks to it. The train is moving on one of the center tracks, so t you can look through the windows of the cars and see thro them to the platform on the far side.
19) 11) dialog: ...and, um... I saw this man standing on the edge of the platform, facing away from it. But now Amy is seeing something -- through the windows of moving train. On the platform on the far side, there is a lone figure, the man in the black trench-coat. Amy jumps, looks more closely.
19) 13) text: It's him.! In an instant, Amy is tearing down the platform, heading the stairs that connect to the platform on the other side COP
19) 14) text: Hey... Amy is watching, staring through the moving train windows The figures are still there. Winter is staring at her -
19) 16) dialog: It's them! Over there, over there! n the next instant, Tomislav tackles Amy and she goes dow on her face. Even with the rather large Cop on top of her she's still struggling.
19) 17) dialog: God damn it, get off of me! Get the hell off of me... Get... She keeps struggling as the first Cop, and the others on station, converge on her. She looks toward the far platfo
19) 19) text: The figure is still there, visible through the windows of departing train. Then, the last car of the train passes, leaving an unencumbered view of the far side. The platform is empty. No sign of Winter. No sign of anyb Amy stop struggling, as the Cops tug her arms back, handcuffing her. She hardly notices, but keep staring at empty platform across the tracks. She glances up at the C panting Tomislav looks down at her. Then circles his fing around his ear to his comrades. They all understand.
20) 0) text: Amy sits slouched in a chair looking particularly pale. T door opens behind her. She hears a familiar voice.
20) 3) dialog: Least you got to travel. What were they going to charge me with, anyway?
20) 7) text: Slowly, feeling her bruises, Amy gets up.
21) 0) text: Charles and Amy walk and talk. It's pissing down rain. Charles hold an umbrella for the two to share.
21) 1) dialog: Why'd you give me this story?
21) 3) dialog: It's real -- or I'm crazy.
21) 5) dialog: I've got leads. I'll know in the end.
21) 7) dialog: I don't see you complaining.
21) 9) dialog: That's for me...
21) 13) dialog: You know, Charles, there's something vaguely demonic about you.
21) 15) dialog: No, I didn't know that. Charles shakes his head, disgusted.
21) 21) text: Charles hops in the cab and drives off as Amy walks up th steps to the Hotel lobby. Amy watches him go, waves, then spins back towards the curb. She flags down a cab and hop in.
22) 0) text: A ragged, run-down place, looking bleak and ugly in the bright light of day. We see the street sign, identifying place -- Poteilari and Minvara. A cab pulls up and Amy ge out. She crosses the street, passes one side door -- and then comes to a building that's been sealed up -- doors and windows cemented shut with cinder-blocks. Beyond a narrow railing is a stairway, pressed up sideway against the building, running down to a basement entrance Amy looks down the stairway to it's narrow bottom. The st and the bottom are littered with trash. A filthy mattress lies at the very bottom. Amy heads down.
23) 0) text: At the bottom of the stairs, there's a wooden door. A hol has been punched through it and a heavy padlocked chain h been threaded through it and through a heavy hasp that's bolted to the door frame. Some official government notice some kind has been tacked to the door -- long rendered unreadable by the effects of time. Amy inspects the padlock. It's heavy and uncompromising. tugs on the door and it opens to the limits of the chain but that's only a few inches. Amy peers into the darkness beyond, but can't see a thing. She looks down at the mattress that she's standing on, st to the side and shoves it up. Then, as if the light breaks, she reaches out, grabs the and pulls. The bolts holding the hasp to the wall are loo They slide out with it. She tugs the whole thing free and pulls the door open. There is a narrow corridor beyond, all in gloom. Amy ente
24) 0) text: Amy steps in, her way illuminated only by the indefinite light that leaks in from the street.
24) 2) text: There's an archway, presumably leading into the rest of t basement, on one side, but it's blocked by a great heap o rubble. Amy ponders the chances of getting through it, and decide check out the rest of the hallway. She works her way thro a series of ominous corridors. Amy senses that she is not alone, stops, and turns around one. She continues. There is only a single door left -- at the far end of the hallway. It hangs half-open, but we cannot see what's ins She approaches it, reaches out and pushes the door open. a bathroom. As she enters we see a FIGURE beyond her in the hallways, buried in the shadows.
25) 0) text: This is one of those nasty little makeshift places built an available corner -- basically a toilet and a sink so c that there's hardly room to move. A mop and some other supplies, long forgotten, are propped up in a corner. Amy steps in, looks down the toilet. Nothing left but som nasty stains -- the water long dried up. Her face brushes against something hanging in the air. She pulls back. It' pull string hanging from a naked light bulb. She tugs on it. Nothing. No power here. She stands in the dark, claustrophobic place, puzzled. Sh looks back down the hall. It seems as if she's come to another dead end. Then she stares at the bathroom door. O now, it blocks a piece of the bathroom wall -- the only p she hasn't looked. Amy steps back, virtually straddling the toilet, and push the door closed. As she does, of course, what little ligh there is, vanishes completely. If there's something behin the door, she can't see it, or anything else. Abruptly, there's a sharp click as she lights her lighter and the wavering light illuminates the tiny bathroom -- a the previously unseen space behind the door. The walls do not meet there. There is a narrow gap, leadi to a passage, apparently "between" the walls, perhaps ten inches wide.
25) 2) text: Hesitating only a moment, Amy turns sideways and slides herself into the claustrophobic slot. She holds the light up ahead of her, but its dim flickering light does not re to the end of the passage. She moves forward cautiously - the floor is littered with dried chunks of plaster, rotti insulation -- seventy-five years of stuff crumbled from t insides of the walls. As she disappears into the tunnel, the door slowly opens behind her. Passing across the rusty doorknob, a menacing blade appears. Inside the tunnel, Amy reaches a vertical pipe up against side of the wall - - only a few inches thick, but it redu the available room to under eight inches. She hesitates. Meanwhile, the lighter in her hand is getting hot. She le it click off. In some dim half-light we can see her slipp a handkerchief carefully around it, for insulation. She flicks the flint. The lighter lights. And, abruptly, around a million roaches , which had retur from their hiding places in the absence of the light, go skittering every which way. Amy lets out a squeak as the roaches vanish in an instant AMY
25) 4) dialog: Welcome to club anorexia... She pops free and comes out the other side. She holds up lighter. Still the light cannot reach to the end of the passage. Steeling herself, she moves on. But as she does, space seems to get progressively narrower and narrower. From ten inches to nine, to eight, until both sides of he body are scraping against the walls. She holds the lighte out. The wall continues to narrow. At the end of her outstretched arm, the walls are only ar five inches apart.
25) 5) dialog: What the...
25) 7) text: Clearly, she's reached the end of the line. Annoyed, she starts to back out -- then realizes that the light on the side of her body renders the area into which she's now mo essentially black as midnight. She brings the hand holding the lighter close in to her b but she can't bring her hands together in front of her -- space is too narrow. Finally, she reaches her hand up, ov her head, passing the lighter from one hand to the other directly over her head. As she does, the lighter almost slips. She grabs for it, it goes out. Again she is lost in virtual darkness. She strikes the flint. It flickers but doesn't light. As strikes it again, IT LIGHTS SOMETHING IN THERE WITH HER! doesn't see it, we do... AND IT HAS A KNIFE IN ITS HANDS. The light returns -- now illuminating the other side of h body -- the way from which she's come. But, because the s is so narrow, she can't turn her head towards the entranc Once again, the roaches go skittering away. And Amy starts heading "back" from where she entered. Her head facing away from her progress backward, trying to squeeze through. She holds up the lighter, it lights the area "ahead" whic she cannot see. The flickering fire exposes the figure awaiting her. The walls on this side now also seem to narrow. The space revealed by the light is barely as wide as her fist, and there is only darkness beyond. Darkness, and the figure w the knife. Amy senses something is wrong.
25) 8) dialog: What the ... She continues, but now she can barely move a few feet bef the wall becomes too narrow to pass. She pushes, trying t shove through the narrow gap. But she cannot move. The wa have literally closed in, until she is now squeezed betwe them. Panic sets in. Gasping, Amy pushes against the wall she's facing. Trying desperately to turn her head around. She forces with all might to turn her head, her facial features stretching al comically. She finally gets it around.
25) 10) text: She is face to face with the knife as it comes RIPPING THROUGH FRAME, narrowly missing her arm. Amy screams and drops the lighter. Now in darkness, she scurries frantically away -- back deeper into the space. Amy starts struggling, panic growing on her, trying to cl to crouch, to tug free in some direction, but her movemen very limited. The walls seem to close in on her. She is struggling to breathe against the pressing walls. figure keeps advancing towards her.
25) 11) dialog: Stop! Please stop! Stop this! She's flailing her arms now, frantic. The knife-wielding figure struggles, having difficulty as well. One of Amy's hands flies back and hits the wall behind her. Now she really panics, her hands desperately scraping alo the wall looking for anyway out. There isn't any. She looks back toward her attacker, who's now right on to of her and raising the knife for one final blow. Amy braces for the blade's impact as she pushes against t wall when suddenly she- Falls backward onto the floor. Her heart pounding. Her breathing heavy. She checks her arms for wounds. There aren't any. She looks up. The Figure is gone. She stands, confused, and finds herself in an empty room. Some discarded junk, a pile of loose plaster. She leaps forward, and nearly trips on a piece of rubble to get the hell away from the entry. Odd thing is...here is no entry She whips herself around towards the sound of someone sha exhaling. She looks this way and that, but can't see the source of sound. The attacker? A pale light is visible, coming from around a far corner. Someone steps into the light. A young BLACK KID. He holds finger up to his lips.
25) 15) text: I have a room of my own. Kindly join me. He throws the knife at the wall, where it embeds itself i way further then it should have, and walks away. Amy move away from the opening. She circles around, through a door and into the space that she was previously watching. She moves forward hesitantly, trying to avoid the touch o the various occupants, who don't behave aggressively, but clearly press forward, into her personal space. She looks this way and that, trying to find where Winter gone.
26) 0) text: This is a small, dark space, light coming mostly from a rather conventional-looking standing lamp. In the shadows beyond the little space of light is a confusion of half-o doors, walls and shadows, half lit rooms with un-guessabl occupants. Winter is there, sitting in a padded chair in front of a coffee table, reading a book. Amy steps inside. Winter doesn't react to her presence. Abruptly, the door closes behind her. She hesitates and walks forward. WINTER
26) 1) text: Amy Klein.
26) 2) dialog: You know me.
26) 4) dialog: That was a hell of a way in. Makes me think that you don't want...
26) 9) text: Yes. Was it real? Winter smiles, he displays amusement to Amy's suspicions.
26) 16) dialog: Marla warned me about it, about you.
26) 19) dialog: So I shouldn't get on?
26) 21) dialog: What the hell does that mean? Winter leans into Amy's space. INTER
26) 22) text: Listen to me. There are things that are true in the light of day. There are other things that are no less true, that live in the shadows. When you shine a light on them, they disappear. They stop being true. That's because it is the uncertainty of the dark that makes them possible. If the dark is deep enough... anything might be happening in it. Anything at all. I'm one of those things. AMY
26) 23) text: What happened to Marla Chen? What did you do to her? He stands and walks away from Amy. INTER
26) 25) dialog: She didn't want to become one of you, whatever the hell you are. That's why she killed herself.
26) 30) text: The more she doubts, the deader she becomes. But she'll never really die, because she's not really alive. AMY
26) 31) text: That doesn't mean anything. What I saw in that room was real. What I smelled was real. Real like this table. She raps on the table with her middle finger, palm up. Sh then lifts her hand up keeping her middle finger towards Winter. AMY
26) 32) text: Real like, like this hand... In a flash, almost supernaturally , Winter passes seeming through the chair and is front of Amy, her hand held tigh by his. He reaches up with his other hand and uncurls Amy fingers. WINTER
26) 35) text: The median nerve underneath it. Down here, the carpal bones... And do you think that all those parts are what makes a hand? I'll show you what makes a hand... here... He begins to move his fingers through the spaces in betwe her fingers. Amy is frozen still.
28) 2) text: These spaces. That what makes a hand. You get it by taking things away. You, Amy Klein, are the infinitesimal speck that's left when we subtract the infinite possibilities that the space you occupy might have held.
30) 2) text: This thing here isn't a presence. It's an absence. It's a place where things are missing. In all essential qualities, it is less than nothing. In all essential qualities, we are less than nothing. Not solid, not here, not real. Amy finds herself responding, falling under his spell. Flashback:
32) 0) text: Amy awakens from the trance. She is lying down surrounded the Deaders. Winters stands above her.
32) 3) text: What are you afraid of, Amy?
32) 4) dialog: I'm not afraid of you. WINTER
32) 7) text: I'm no devil. I'm no monster. Amy, I'll never hurt you and I'll never leave you. Amy doesn't answer. Winter extends to her a knife. WINTER (cont'd)
32) 8) text: Accept my gift. No more fear. No more questions. No one can ever hurt you again. For a moment she appears to consider his offering. Then, if waking up... she shoves herself back away from Winter. AMY
32) 14) dialog: You're crazy.
33) 0) text: Amy SMASHES THROUGH a vertical plane of safety glass, smashing it into a thousand tiny fragments as she goes crashing back, through it... Her head hits hard against a tile wall and she goes slidi down, in the dark, her hand scrambling for something to h onto. Her reaching hand grabs some metal handle. She pulls... a abruptly, water begins to cascade down onto her face. She turns herself sideways and rolls over, gasping. She's a bathtub... in fact she's just been thrown through the safety-glass door. She scrambles over the bottom edge of sliding glass door, scraping herself across the tiny pegs glass that still line the border of the frame. She pulls herself up, her hand feeling for a light switch Finally, she finds it, flips the switch. She's in the hotel bathroom, slumped over against the sin Soaking wet, scratched, shaking, gasping, she stares at herself in the mirror.
33) 2) text: There's a tiny square of glass stuck into her shoulder. S tugs it loose. It clinks as she drops it into the sink. AMY
34) 0) text: THE PHONE RINGS. She snatches it out of its cradle. AMY
34) 3) text: Amy it's Charles, I know it's not too late.
34) 4) dialog: You just can't go too long without hearing my voice.
34) 6) dialog: Charles, you know I value your opinion-
34) 8) dialog: - but if there was ever a story I was born to write, this is it.
34) 10) dialog: This isn't like you. 53 CHARLES
34) 11) text: I know. I'm going to hate myself in the morning. AMY
34) 16) text: Yes I believe I've heard that somewhere before. AMY
36) 2) text: Amy's lying in bed on her stomach. The sheet has crumpled of her. She's dressed only in her panties. Abruptly, there's the sound of a wettish "thud" and Amy s to bounce a little. Her eyes open, but she isn't alarmed. Still lying on her back, she flicks her eyes this way and that, but, seeing nothing, she closes them again. A few seconds later, we see some black liquid trickle acr her shoulder, coming from the unseen center of her back . follows a course down her backbone, then swerves and find path along the inner edge of one of her shoulder blades, finally trickling down her neck. It continues to flow, staining the pillow by her face. She stirs slightly, clearly feeling the trickle. She puts hand to her shoulder, smearing the black liquid. Still ha asleep, she tries to "brush" it off... but it continues t flow. Finally, her eyes open. She sits up painfully and l at her hands -- stained with this sticky black stuff. She stares at it, not quite awake enough to figure it out. She reaches over her shoulder, pulls her hand back, stain with the black stuff. She looks down at her pillow, also stained. Confused, she rises, painfully awkward, and head toward the bathroom. We can see that her feet leave black wet footprints across the floor as she moves toward the bathroom.
37) 0) text: She moves in, stares in the mirror -- sees the side of he face and her shoulder, smeared with black. She fumbles fo the light, flips it on. In the sudden, shocking glare of returning light, COLOR abruptly re-enters the world... And the black of the liqu that's stained Amy's face and hands, that track the floor the white-tiled bathroom, that smear the wall where she flipped on the light switch turns instantly to its true c
37) 3) text: In a sudden impulse she turns on the water in the sink fu blast, washes away the blood from her hands, scooping handfuls onto her face and the front of her body. The wat drips to the floor, commingling with the blood, turning i nasty pink. She reaches behind her back, feeling again -- her hand co back as vividly red as before. Again she washes them. She stops dead, seeing something in the mirror. Something is glinting between her breasts. She touches he finger to it. It looks like a tiny bit of gleaming metal, poking out from inside of her, almost like a tiny steel splinter. It appears to have just barely broken through t skin from "inside" -- barely a drop of blood. She stands staring down at it, breathing fast. What the h is it? Then, slowly, almost against her will, she turns her back the mirror and looks over her shoulder. She sees -- and w see for the first time -- the center of her back where he questing hands couldn't reach. There is a knife there, literally thrust through the midd of her back. The gleaming splinter between her breasts is tip of the knife that has literally transfixed her -- and clearly transfixed the center of her chest -- her heart. She strains her hands back, trying to reach this impossib thing, but her grasping fingers can't touch it. She turns back toward the mirror, staring into her own eyes. AMY
37) 5) dialog: Wake up... wake up... wake up... She starts slapping her hands against the side of her fac not gently, hard slaps. But she isn't "waking up." She gr her hair, pulls hard. Nothing. She's still there. The kni is still stuck, impossibly in her back. She sits on the closed seat of the toilet... not knowing to do. She reaches again for the knife, but she can't tou it. She buries her face in her bloody hands.
37) 6) text: 56 AMY
38) 0) text: She looks down toward the floor. She is literally standin a pool of her own blood. She gasps, turns back toward the mirror. Blood is pouring from the wound. Gasping, almost crying, stumbles back into the main room. With shaky hands, she p up the phone, then realizes that she's still holding the stiletto in her hand. She drops it on the table. Her bloo fingers press in the numbers -- 9-9-9 (emergency). She waits, standing in the middle of her dark hotel room, shaking, bloody. She can hear the phone ring and ring. Finally, there's a click as the line picks up. But there' voice on the other end. AMY
38) 2) text: Then she stops dead. There is somebody there, and making sound we've heard before. The nasty gurgling that Amy hea when she tried calling Marla's room.
38) 8) dialog: Came with the room. Along with the uncomfortable couch. Amy puts the phone back on the table.
38) 9) dialog: Who are you? Why did you do this to me?
38) 11) dialog: Then why the hell are you here? Why are you in my room?
38) 18) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
38) 20) dialog: I'm not a believer.   
38) 22) dialog: Starting to.
39) 0) text: Amy comes unsteadily down out of her Hotel.
40) 2) text: Amy leaps back, turns and runs. Some distance down the street, there seems to be a flicker of light, a trace of noise. She scrambles toward it. It's coming up from a subway gra She throws herself down on it. Down below she can hear the roar of a subway train passin below. Indirect, flickering light shines up from below. She looks up. There's a subway entrance. She hurries towa it.
41) 0) text: Amy comes down the stairs. No sign of life. The fluoresce lights flicker - some dead. Amy fumbles for her metro car This is one of those unattended entrances with entry thro the top-to-bottom turnstiles. She starts through the turnstile. Then with a squeak, it sticks and she finds herself stuck half-way through, unab to move forward or backward. She tries to back out, but t thing won't turn in that direction. She heaves forward. I finally gives way. She looks this way and that, back thro the turnstile, she sees her bloody footprints leading all way through. Amy hears footsteps echoing towards her. Through a large mirror at an intersection, she sees the source of the footsteps. A cop on the beat. Amy looks down and sees she is standing in a pool of her blood. The footsteps get louder. She sees a stack of newspapers next to her on a stand. Sh grabs one and throws it down in front of herself to cover blood. It soaks threw in no time. The Cop is nearing the corner. She grabs another, then another, and throws them down. The pool of her blood leaks from under them all. Th cop rounds the corner, he has a baton he taps against his leg. Amy grabs the whole stand and tips it over. With a loud SMASH, it spills the newspaper everywhere. As the cop wal in front of Amy, the blood is hidden beneath the pile of newspapers. Amy bends down to attend to the mess. She makes eyes with the Cop and shrugs her shoulders at h "mistake". The Cop smiles and nods, and keeps on walking. The sound of his footsteps vanish down the corridors.
41) 2) text: Amy collects herself with a few deep breaths, and moves o towards the platform.
42) 0) text: Amy stands on the platform as a train whooshes into the station at HYPER-SPEED then stops instantly in front of h The doors hiss open and Amy is greeted by the tall Odd- looking Conductor. She pushes past him.
43) 0) text: The train lurches forward as Amy makes her way through th usual crowd of CELEBRANTS. She finds Joey sitting court in the middle of the train c He's wearing a pair of terminator sunglasses. Amy approaches. His face seems sickly pale in the flashin light. He moves abruptly, a slight turn of the head -- toward he
43) 2) dialog: I need... please... please help me.
43) 5) text: Amy doesn't react.
43) 8) dialog: I don't understand. Why aren't I dead? Or am I? Please...
43) 13) dialog: Why am I not DEAD! There's a jolt as the train starts to pull into the stati The light from the station begins to illuminate the insid the car more clearly. Joey leans back from her. JOEY
43) 14) text: Whoa. It's time to give in Amy, you're just fighting it too hard. Forget about the truth, forget about reality, just sit back and enjoy the ride. There's nothing you can do anyway. We're all just piece's in Winter's little puzzle. AMY
43) 20) text: You know what our biggest problem is Amy Klein? Neither of us know when to get off the God damn train. The train jerks to a stop, tossing Amy a little. She rega her footage and turns back to Joey but in the flickering fluorescent light, Joey's skin suddenly looks sickly pale AMY
43) 22) dialog: Joey come on. Let's get off the train. Right now, you and me. He still doesn't move. Amy reaches out a shaky hand and t his glasses off.
43) 23) dialog: (voice trailing off)
43) 24) text: You and me... Joey's eyes are empty, glazed. He's dead. Not only is he dead, it's clear that he's been dead for awhile. Then she freezes when she realizes the sound has complete dropped out around her. All she can hear is her heart beating. She slowly turns around to find that all of Joey's Celebr on the train are also dead and surrounded by the familiar buzz of flies. Some of the dead are hung from the hand rails by HOOKS AN CHAINS, their throats slashed, eyes gouged, bullet holes the head, etc... A large female cenobite is sewing the filleted skin from Deaders throat open to reveal his vocal chords. He makes sound at Amy and his chords vibrate. But there's this one COKE HEAD GUY who was snorting a lin when Amy got on the train. 64
43) 27) dialog: (screams)
43) 32) dialog: What's happening to me? MARLA
43) 39) dialog: Then why are you here?
43) 41) text: Know what I mean? AMY
44) 0) text: A strange twisting tunnel with eerie blue lights. Pipes running along the ceiling, dripping water and hissing ste Amy and Marla march quickly towards camera.
44) 1) dialog: Marla what... what happened to you?
44) 7) dialog: Why are you doing this? Why am I here? 
44) 11) dialog: But why? What it is all for?
44) 15) text: The tunnel is narrowing, the train is right around the be Amy turns to the sound of the rumbling train.
44) 18) dialog: Amy turns around just as the train is about to run throug them to find WINTER, arms open for her.
45) 0) text: Amy's eyes abruptly pop open. She's lying on a white pillow, with white sheets tucked u over her. She turns her eyes to one side. There's a hospi curtain, the kind on a railing, pulled closed around her. looks down. She's lying in a hospital bed. She tries to move, but she realizes her hands and legs are tied to the bed by large leather straps. Charles is there, in a chair, watching he
45) 3) dialog: What the hell happened? 68
45) 5) dialog: The blood... Amy looks down at her gown, expecting a large red stain, there's no blood.    
45) 7) dialog: I don't... I mean I didn't...
45) 9) text: Listen, I'm trying to get you out of here, back to London, but with the damage to your hotel room... They're not going to be so quick to let you go. Amy takes a look around the psych ward. PATIENTS walking aimlessly, mumbling to themselves, arguing with unseen opponents, rocking back and forth in catatonic states.
45) 11) dialog: Hey, Charles, Charles... this is the best news I've had in a long time.
45) 13) dialog: What about Marla Chen? The story? 69
45) 15) dialog: They found her. You mean the police?
45) 17) dialog: Where is she?
45) 19) dialog: No, I guess not.
45) 22) text: Well look who's back. How we feelin? She motions to the straps. AMY
45) 26) text: Amy doesn't laugh. Doesn't even crack a smile.
45) 27) dialog: Don't quit your day job.
45) 29) text: What's say we lose the charm bracelets for now? (turns to Amy)
45) 31) dialog: Don't drag me into your fantasies Charles. (to Kircher)
45) 35) text: When you get a chance, check out the public area. It's a swinging place. I mean, like, they're literally... swinging. He heads out. Amy watches him go. She waits a beat, and t hops out of bed. She looks around for Nurses and Orderlie but there's no one around. She exits frame.
46) 1) text: Amy enters cautiously, feeling a little threatened by the other patients. She looks around, not sure where she shou plant herself and then she sees her- A LITTLE GIRL (age 6) sitting off by herself in the corne the room drawing pictures. A few of them (a half human/ha monster clawing at a closet door, a child screaming, a ch running from the monster, a child holding a butcher knife etc.) are taped on the wall behind her. Amy walks over to her. There's just something about her.
46) 2) dialog: Mind if I join you?
46) 4) dialog: I can see that, they're lovely.
46) 6) dialog: I'd like that very much. The Little Girl stares at Amy and focuses in on her featu We can't see what she's drawing as her little hand starts move across the sketch pad. But there's something a little off. Her hand doesn't move like a six-year-old would draw, it moves with the confide and control of an adult's. Amy tries to get a glance at the portrait. The Little Gir pulls it close to her.
46) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, you're right. With a few more strokes the drawing is complete. The Litt girl studies it, pleased with herself. She spins it so Amy -- but not the audience -- can see it CLOSE ON AMY -- her eyes wide with terror.
46) 10) text: AMY'S POV as we get our first good look at it. It's Amy's face as a CENOBITE, twisted and stretched in a that begins to reveal the skull around her DARK EMPTY EYE There's also that nasty knife wound in the center of her chest with hooks stretching the skin back and to the side
46) 12) dialog: How do you know my name? The Little Girl giggles. Amy turns to the other drawings the Little Girl has taped to the walls.
46) 14) dialog: No... this isn't happening. Amy gets up to run but then she freezes when she sees- MARLA sitting on the opposite side of the room. But here' the thing. She looks fine. Amy walks over, hesitant, confused. AMY
46) 15) text: Marla? Marla doesn't seem to recognize her. AMY (CONT'D)
46) 19) text: You know he's watching us. AMY
46) 24) dialog: So it is real?
46) 26) dialog: I don't understand.
46) 35) text: Marla looks around the room to see if anyone is watching and then she takes Amy's hand and leans in close.  
46) 38) text: So he's been on this quest for years, searching for that mythical person who is both willing to join us and can also solve the puzzle. And it would seem, Amy Klein, that that person is- AMY
47) 0) text: The main corridor. It seems to go on forever. Amy turns back to the common area. Empty. The she hears the familiar sound of A LITTLE GIRL SCREAMI It's faint and echoing. 75
47) 1) text: Amy turns back down the corridor to the Little Girl's voi MARLA (V.O.)
47) 2) text: It's all about finding the truth... Amy starts to slowly make her way down the long cold corridor. With each step she takes, the walls of the corridor becom whiter, slowly bleaching out. She looks below her and see the blood now draining from the wound. She stumbles back slowly and turns as the LITTLE GIRL'S SCREAMS continue. Then she hears the BANGING and RATTLING of a door. Like someone's fighting to get out.
48) 0) text: AMY'S FATHER half walking, half stumbling out of one of t rooms at the far end of the corridor. He's dressed in a stained white tank top shirt, his eyes glazed and distant He's knows the source of the noise -- and he's pissed.
49) 0) text: Back to scene. Amy keeps stumbling down the corridor.
50) 0) text: Now Amy is within the flashback. She looks good, no blood almost peaceful. Her father looks down the corridor towar Amy, but doesn't seem to see her. He turns and storms off the opposite direction. Amy can't believe what she's seeing, but she can't help herself. She follows him.
51) 1) text: Amy is stumbling more than walking as she grows weaker wi every step. Her eyes begin to glaze over and her vision i beginning to blur. She looks down to find the trail of BRIGHT RED BLOOD trai behind her on the otherwise PURE-WHITE floor. When she looks back up she finds herself in-
52) 0) text: The hallway from Amy's childhood home. Her Father is now a few steps in front of Amy as he reaches the door to his office. He turns into it and we follow Amy as she steps into the office behind him to find-
53) 0) text: The CLOSET DOOR rattling at the far side of the room. The Little Girl (who we now realize is a YOUNG AMY) is scream on the other side. We now know this door. Her Father marc toward it, his rage building.
54) 0) text: Back to scene. Amy screams out to him. AMY                                       
55) 0) text: His hand tightens around the knob. He opens the door, raising his free hand, ready to strike powerful blow. YOUNG AMY stands there quietly, with the sweetest smile o her face. Then HE SEES THE KNIFE. The BUTCHER KNIFE in YOUNG AMY'S HAND.
56) 0) text: Amy screams. She reacts to the violence. Her vision is blurring and fading fast as her life rushes of her. She turns back to her Father and everything is in slow-mo as we-
56) 1) text: Her Father stumbling back. Amy losing consciousness. Her Father falling backwards. The knife buried up to the handle in his chest. Amy hitting her knees and wobbling there for a beat, tryi to hold on. Her Father's head falling backward. Amy's head falling backward onto the floor. Young Amy stands there and stares without emotion WE HOLD TIGHT ON AMY'S FACE FROM ABOVE as her eyes flutte closed. And then- Young Amy all alone in the world. Stands there the body. We see for the first time a smile from the youn girl.
57) 0) text: AMY'S EYES SNAP OPEN as we quickly BOOM UP to find her ly on a mattress in the middle of the floor surrounded by- THE DEADERS. She's in the middle of the ritual. The Deade are all chanting. Marla and Joey are there. DEADERS (O.C.)
57) 11) text: Finish it Amy. AMY
57) 13) text: Finish it! Amy steels herself with sudden resolve.
57) 14) dialog: I don't think so.
57) 16) text: And with that Amy SLAMS THE KNIFE Into the makeshift alte next to her. And that's when- PINHEAD steps through the void and into this world. A few CENOBITES follow. All the Deaders step back - this is weird... even for the Amy leaps up and stumbles back as Pinhead slowly approach Winter, carefully studying him as he does, until he's rig in Winter's face.
57) 22) text: Amy, finish it!
57) 37) dialog: I didn't want any of this. They used me                 to open the box. I didn't choose to do                  anything.                                               Amy looks to Marla, she's got the fear of god in her. Pin sees Amy looking for help.
57) 41) dialog: I didn't mean to. I only wanted the truth.
57) 43) dialog: What about them?
57) 45) text: We see the CENOBITES now with snake-like tongues working their way up the line of Deaders towards Amy. They're preparing each one as they pass. Poking them with large p piercing them, stitching them, filleting them, etc...
57) 48) text: You're here to stop this Amy. He needs your soul willingly. Don't let him take you. Don't go willingly. Marla looks at the knife. Amy gets it, she only has one w out. Marla can see the uncertainty in her eyes.
57) 52) text: Only he can bring you back. Amy sees the meat hanging off the chains. It used to be Winter. She glares at Pinhead with a sudden look of confidence, like a light bulb has gone off and she can finally see her way out. She raises the knife high in fro of her. The two SNAKE-TONGUED CENOBITES move in closer to Amy. Th can't wait to have a little taste. For a moment, Pinhead is pleased, then Amy begins the DEA CHANT, but reverses its meaning. 84
57) 54) dialog: I didn't give my soul to him... Amy points the knife at what's left of Winter.
57) 55) dialog: ...and I'm not giving it to you. And with that Amy thrusts the knife into her chest. Pinhe screams out. PINHEAD
57) 56) text: No! The room starts to fill with a BRIGHT LIGHT. The Puzzle B starts to close as- Pinhead and the boys are sucked back into the void, which closes behind them. Amy looks up from the knife planted deep in her gut- - AND SMILES. She tips out of frame as the screen bleache white and we-