5) 15) dialog: ...the delightful and world-famous Amy Klein. Have a seat, angel of light.
5) 19) dialog: Of course. Where would you be without me?                 By the way, I don't recall ever being                     thanked properly for this "re-                            assignment".                                              Charles makes air quotes with his fingers.
5) 20) dialog: Lucky for you I opened my doors to you                    here as soon as I heard you were                          "available".    
5) 24) dialog: Touche'. Well, thanks to international                    conglomerates and the Euro-dollar I, along with Mother England, am blessed                     with your acquaintance, yet again. 
5) 29) text: But this is better. Amy spots an open container of Chinese food on Charles's desk. She inspects it, then picks something out of it wit pair of chop sticks.
5) 31) dialog: Hmm? Oh no. (sees her eating)
5) 34) dialog: Spare me the "Nothing comes close to New York Chinese" speech just this once. Go on, sit down. Just something I wanted to show you... He heads back over to the VCR. Amy ditches the Chinese fo and picks up her coffee again. She sits, lights another cigarette.
5) 35) dialog: Okay... rewind, rewind? Rewind. He finds the button, presses it and turns back to Amy.
5) 36) dialog: Somebody mailed us this thing around two weeks ago but, in keeping with our usual level of efficiency, Betty didn't get around to opening it `til this morning. Then she brought it to me.
5) 39) dialog: Something. Amy, with your encyclopedic world-wide knowledge of skank-ology -- have you ever heard of "Deaders?"
5) 41) dialog: Not dead-heads... Dead - ers. D-E-A-D-E-R -- S.
5) 43) dialog: Love of my life, go screw yourself. I'm asking you a serious question. AMY
5) 44) text: No, Charles. I've never heard of "Deaders."
5) 45) dialog: Watch the tape. Charles goes to the VCR and hits the play button. Amy finishes her coffee and lights a new cigarette with the s glowing butt of her last one. She leans forward.
5) 69) text: Holy ... Charles... CHARLES
5) 78) dialog: Just watch...
5) 80) dialog: I said, "Just watch."
5) 82) dialog: You tell me. AMY
5) 84) dialog: That's saying a lot, for you. The camera is now pointing at Winter. There is a look of tenderness in his face as he circles around and kneels do staring toward Katya, who is lying, as dead as dead can b on the mattress. Blood has run from the ghastly wound dow both sides of the plastic, and towels on the side of the catch the mess. Winter reaches down and gently removes the gun from Katya lifeless hand... and then, light as a feather, lies down top of her. The camera moves forward and down as Marla, presumably, elbows her way through for a better vantage point. The ca moves in close as Winter stretches out along Katya's body He places his lips on her forehead, kissing her lightly, presses his lips against hers -- kissing her -- or maybe something else. It seems almost as if he's breathing into her. His body moves as his lungs expand and expel, and he seems to be struggling toward some non-sexual climax. AMY watches, both repelled and fascinated.
5) 99) dialog: That's what I said.
5) 101) dialog: I haven't done anything. I told you, I just looked at it today. By some chance are you... interested in pursuing this? Amy hesitates, shaking her head, not sure what it's all about.
5) 102) dialog: Look, Amy. Maybe this is just some kind of bull-shit shot-on-tape gore movie. And since that's all it can be, that's all you're going find, but it sure smells different to me. If it's bull-shit, you'll know pretty fast. If it's not... Amy, though, is only half listening, lost in her own thoughts.
5) 104) dialog: Who said miracles can only happen at Lourdes?
5) 108) dialog: No, that was a different time. This time, we were driving down the block and there was this fortune-telling place, you know, this gypsy fortune telling place in a store front? And he said, "You know, if I could tell the future I wouldn't be living in any crappy store front." He looks back at the tape.
5) 109) dialog: If I could do that, I wouldn't be hanging out in some rundown basement. I'd own the earth.
5) 113) dialog: Just a return address on the envelope. He holds up the envelope which is addressed to "AMY KLEIN THE UNDERGROUND". Amy hesitates. Snatches the envelope ou his hand. She reads the return address. 15
5) 114) dialog: Looks like your online fan-base is growing. It's an address in Bucharest. It's where all the Euro-trash kids looking for a good time are heading these days. Amsterdam is so 90's. She's shocked that he would even know.
5) 116) dialog: I still like to keep my finger on the pulse, even though I know you think I don't have one. She thinks about it. He hands her a thick envelope.
5) 117) dialog: Your ticket, hotel and per diem. She smiles.
5) 122) dialog: Call me when you get settled. She just smirks and exits.
14) 0) text: Charles sits at his desk. He is twisting pencils in a sma plastic sharpener. (Intercut conversation.) CHARLES
14) 3) dialog: You were supposed to call me. AMY
14) 5) dialog: The thing is... I started thinking.
14) 7) dialog: Look. I know the crazy stuff you do for a story.
14) 9) dialog: And that's why I hired you. It's just. Just... the thing is, Amy... some things you shouldn't do, you know what I mean? Charles finishes a pencil and blows off the shavings. AMY
14) 11) dialog: Look, I say this to you, but in my heart I know that one time it's going to happen... that you're going to end up, I don't know -- dead or god knows what. But when it does happen, I don't want it to be my fault. She watches the image of the little girl fade.
14) 14) dialog: You know, you're messing with my conscience, here. Amy...
15) 2) text: Charles? Amy waits. But there's no sound.
20) 1) dialog: Is this where they keep the cheaper whores? Amy glances up at him, without expression.
20) 2) dialog: Christ, you're lucky to have a boss like me. Once again, I have saved your small but relatively shapely behind.
20) 4) dialog: Charge you? They were thinking of shipping you to the government asylum for observation -- and believe me if you go in there, you don't come out. But through my mastery of international negotiations I managed to convince them that you were merely irresponsible. You got your stuff? AMY
20) 5) text: Yeah. CHARLES
21) 0) text: Charles and Amy walk and talk. It's pissing down rain. Charles hold an umbrella for the two to share.
21) 2) dialog: Who else would have taken it? Either they're going to think it's bull-shit, or they're going to be too afraid of it. But Amy Klein... Tell me it's real Amy.
21) 4) dialog: Well, either way, it's a good story.
21) 6) dialog: You know, Amy dearest, for the average person, hunger for knowledge is like hunger... for food. We want to know just enough to take the edge off our appetite. Then we're satisfied, and we stop. But you... you're like a glutton. You can't help over-eating.
21) 8) dialog: But you see, that's the point. That's why I need you. Because all that stuff I don't eat... I still want. So I send you in to do the eating for me, and so I get to experience it, without actually suffering any mental indigestion.
21) 10) dialog: Nobody's forcing anything down your throat. Correct? 38 AMY
21) 12) dialog: You see, Amy, you never grew up with all this Catholic god and guilt stuff. It doesn't mean anything to you. I worry about god and heaven and hell. Not during the day, you understand, but around three in the morning, it keeps me up. I want to know what's coming. What's up in heaven and down in hell, or even if there's nothing. It's useful, when you're making plans. So go find out and we'll tell the world.
21) 14) dialog: Did you know, the word "demon" comes from the Greek word for "knowledge." As in "demonstrate."
21) 16) dialog: American education. They're in front of Amy's Hotel now. Charles flags down a CAB.
21) 17) dialog: Then back to your room, lie down in your coffin until the hours of daylight have passed, as is your wont -- then go get me my story. A MY
21) 19) dialog: I never do. I'm not here to save people and I'm not here to judge them. I just take `em as they come. And use them as they pass by. I'll be at the Soffitel.
21) 21) text: Charles hops in the cab and drives off as Amy walks up th steps to the Hotel lobby. Amy watches him go, waves, then spins back towards the curb. She flags down a cab and hop in.
34) 2) dialog: (through phone)
34) 3) text: Amy it's Charles, I know it's not too late.
34) 5) dialog: Guilty. Look, Amy, I've been thinking about the story about what happened, maybe this isn't for you. Amy grabs the PUZZLE BOX off the table. She spins it in h hands.
34) 7) dialog: - she said with condescension-
34) 9) dialog: I think it's too dangerous, for a lot of reasons.
34) 12) text: I'm just a little... fucked in the head. That's all. It's just a funk, but I'm fine. All I need is some sleep. CHARLES
34) 15) text: Hey, Charles, did you know that the word "demon" comes from the Greek word for knowledge. CHARLES
45) 0) text: Amy's eyes abruptly pop open. She's lying on a white pillow, with white sheets tucked u over her. She turns her eyes to one side. There's a hospi curtain, the kind on a railing, pulled closed around her. looks down. She's lying in a hospital bed. She tries to move, but she realizes her hands and legs are tied to the bed by large leather straps. Charles is there, in a chair, watching he
45) 1) dialog: Good morning. He takes a sip of coffee. She struggles with the straps.
45) 2) dialog: Amy don't fight it, it's only going to make things worse. Her eyes dart around the room in a panic.
45) 4) dialog: I didn't hear from you. I went over to your hotel. You were lying on the floor... covered in every kind of stuff that can come out of a human body... She remembers.
45) 6) dialog: Okay. Every other kind.
45) 8) dialog: You were sort of... having a psychotic episode, sweets. Major mental blow-out. And frankly, it's about time. Jesus you were tied down for a day and half. (off her look)
45) 10) dialog: Look, Amy, you probably won't have to stay... Amy feels a sudden rush of relief. A little nervous laugh
45) 12) dialog: Well, there you go. A whole new definition of optimism.
45) 14) dialog: They found her dead in her room. She hung herself.
45) 16) dialog: Yeah. She'd been there awhile. Probably did it right after she sent us the tape.
45) 18) dialog: Jesus, I don't know. Does it matter?
45) 20) dialog: But this is a good story too. Call it, "My Psychotic Episode" -- or, wait, maybe "Psychotic - Episode One." Or "Psychotic Pilot Episode." You know, some play on words with episode. (looks around)
45) 28) dialog: (to Kircher)
45) 32) text: Please.                                                 Kircher obliges and scribbles something on a folder at th end of the bed. Charles leans over, gives her a little pe on the cheek. As he does, he whispers to her. CHARLES (whispering)
45) 33) text: I'll see about getting a camera in here... He stands, winks at her. CHARLES
58) 2) text: We are in Charles's office. He's there watching this new report. Images of what appear to be a terrible explosion fill the frame (stock footage from a terrorist attack in London perhaps?) Cars on fire, imploded building, panic in the street, etc... The door opens and his assistant BETTY comes in. She watc Charles for a moment.)
58) 4) dialog: See no Amy. Hear no Amy...
58) 7) text: CHARLES                                    
58) 9) text: Too bad, too. It would have made a hell                of a story. (beat)                                     I'm sure she'll come walking in here any               minute, carrying with her my story.                    Charles watches the report on the TV. Pandemonium in the streets. 
58) 13) text: A YOUNG BOMBSHELL REPORTER enters, holds out her hand to Charles who suddenly perks up as he takes it and leads he the couch. As he does we move past Charles and the young reporter to