16) 3) text: One of the doors of the covered car comes to a stop direc in front of the spot where Amy is standing -- the spot ma by the stenciled PUZZLE BOX. There's a pause, then the do slide open -- just one the one set in front of Amy. The others stay closed. The interior of the car is dark -- th lights, apparently, are not working. A tall ODD-LOOKING MAN in a CONDUCTOR'S UNIFORM is standi there. He gestures toward the adjoining car. ONDUCTOR
16) 6) dialog: Come on in... She enters. The doors slide closed. The train pulls out.
17) 0) text: The interior of the car has been transformed into some od ball cross between a very small nightclub and an crackhou As the train passes out of the station, and the lights di we can see the lights from joints and crack pipes -- or a any rate something being smoked in some kind of pipe, glinting in the darkness. Various hands reach up and tug the newspapers, and the tunnel lights come in, providing flickering, constantly changing illumination. In the uncertain light, Amy can see the various CELEBRANT hanging out -- some on the seats, some on the floor, some dressed, some partially undressed, some engaging in desul drug use, others in desultory sex acts -- mostly teenager and twenty-nothings. Amy looks around, not particularly effected by the oddnes the scene. The Conductor touches her arm.
17) 1) dialog: Down that way... She threads her way through the tangle of people. In the flickering lights she catches glimpses of pale human fles PIERCED FACES, PIERCED NIPPLES -- PIERCED THINGS that we can't even be sure what they are. Expressions flash by in the flickering light, some dull, others laughing. 29
17) 28) text: Coming in! Hands promptly reach up, covering the windows with newspa The Conductor goes to the door. The band finishes its set the light from the station shines through the newspapers. Joey, looking drab in the steady uneven light, stares at JOEY
42) 0) text: Amy stands on the platform as a train whooshes into the station at HYPER-SPEED then stops instantly in front of h The doors hiss open and Amy is greeted by the tall Odd- looking Conductor. She pushes past him.