13) 8) text: Go to Pletkow station at midnight. Go to the south end of the platform and step onto the last car. Find a guy named Joey who runs the show and tell him I sent you. He'll guide you to them. The POUNDING GETS LOUDER. WINTER (O.S.)
17) 2) text: She pretty much ignores it all as she makes her way towar the rear of the car. A rat feeds on the contents of a you woman's purse as she and another woman are tangled in passion. There, illuminated in flashes, JOEY, a thin ill-shaven English guy in his mid-twenties is sprawled on a seat. On his lower eyelids has a ring in it. It flicks up every ti he blinks. He reads a newspaper while a woman bobs her he up and down in his lap. Joey looks up and spots Amy. He points an accusing finger her, but his mood is good-natured.. JOEY
17) 3) text: Ahhhh, now here comes a daring soul. A person committed to a just cause. Another seeker of the truth no doubt. Joey is clearly smitten with Amy.
17) 4) dialog: I like what I see inside of you.
17) 6) dialog: I've been called worse. He brushes the hair of the woman in his lap, then offers his hand.
17) 7) dialog: And I have the privilege of meeting... Amy looks at the woman in his lap, declines a hand shake.
17) 9) dialog: And the plot thickens. Don't tell me you're mixed up with those mother fuckers. Tell me Amy Klein, do you even know what they're about? 30
17) 11) dialog: Oh, jeez. Moral quandary time here... What should he do, what should he do? If he tells her -- the hopefully available and eminently fuckable damsel is thrown into the pit of oblivion -- or anyway is potentially fucked up for life. And that would be such a regrettable waste. If he refrains from telling her... she may yet be saved. A possible trophy awaits me. Angel and devil on the shoulder... hmm. Angel, devil, angel, devil. Oh, the hell with it Entropy's destroying everything anyway. Why shouldn't I do my part?
17) 14) dialog: You first. What do you think they do?
17) 16) dialog: Is that what you really think?
17) 18) dialog: Some people say Winter's some sort of fucked-up guru, some say he's not human, and others say he's not real. But there is a place they hang out -- those who believe I mean.
17) 20) text: Joey...
17) 21) dialog: Angel, devil, angel, devil. 31
17) 23) dialog: Yeah, you see, now that's the problem. You've got that fucked up self- destructive thing going on.
17) 25) dialog: Angel, devil, angel, devil Amy produces the Puzzle Box from her pack. Joey looks at like he's just seen a ghost.
17) 26) dialog: This is making me very unhappy... He pushes the woman from his lap. He's more serious now.
17) 27) dialog: Poteilari and Minvara. On the northeast corner, two doors down, there's a stairway going down into a closed up building. It's always locked, and they're not always there. I don't know where they are when they're not. And once you get mixed up with them -- it's like that story with the tar baby -- chances are you never get loose, and if you do, you never get clean. The "Conductor" shouts from somewhere. CONDUCTOR
17) 28) text: Coming in! Hands promptly reach up, covering the windows with newspa The Conductor goes to the door. The band finishes its set the light from the station shines through the newspapers. Joey, looking drab in the steady uneven light, stares at JOEY
17) 31) text: 32 JOEY
17) 34) dialog: Yes you do. The one door hisses open. Amy stares at Joey for a second turns and departs, back into the fluorescent lit station. Joey calls after her.
17) 35) dialog: Only he can bring you back!
43) 0) text: The train lurches forward as Amy makes her way through th usual crowd of CELEBRANTS. She finds Joey sitting court in the middle of the train c He's wearing a pair of terminator sunglasses. Amy approaches. His face seems sickly pale in the flashin light. He moves abruptly, a slight turn of the head -- toward he
43) 1) dialog: Well look who's back. What now?
43) 3) dialog: Help you with what? Amy hesitates an instant, then tugs open her shirt, revea the gaffer's tape that holds the rolled-up towel to her b She works at it. Finally, it tears. She tears it straight down the front of her chest as Joey watches, passive. Her chest is stained with blood. She licks her fingers an wipes the blood away from the middle of her chest. Joey's eyes narrow. He leans forward to study it. He leans in closer, hesitates, then leans back, looking Amy in the ey
43) 4) dialog: Wow, are those real?   
43) 7) dialog: Okay, you're not in the mood for my light- hearted banter. What the hell, this isn't my idea of paradise either.
43) 9) dialog: Life, death, they're not all that different, really. You can find your death in your life. You can find your life in your death. Round and round and round you go. AMY
43) 11) dialog: I am helping you. AMY
43) 16) dialog: You're willing to do anything to find the truth.
43) 18) text: 63 JOEY(cont'd)
43) 20) text: You know what our biggest problem is Amy Klein? Neither of us know when to get off the God damn train. The train jerks to a stop, tossing Amy a little. She rega her footage and turns back to Joey but in the flickering fluorescent light, Joey's skin suddenly looks sickly pale AMY
43) 21) text: Joey? He doesn't answer. He doesn't move.
43) 24) text: You and me... Joey's eyes are empty, glazed. He's dead. Not only is he dead, it's clear that he's been dead for awhile. Then she freezes when she realizes the sound has complete dropped out around her. All she can hear is her heart beating. She slowly turns around to find that all of Joey's Celebr on the train are also dead and surrounded by the familiar buzz of flies. Some of the dead are hung from the hand rails by HOOKS AN CHAINS, their throats slashed, eyes gouged, bullet holes the head, etc... A large female cenobite is sewing the filleted skin from Deaders throat open to reveal his vocal chords. He makes sound at Amy and his chords vibrate. But there's this one COKE HEAD GUY who was snorting a lin when Amy got on the train. 64
57) 0) text: AMY'S EYES SNAP OPEN as we quickly BOOM UP to find her ly on a mattress in the middle of the floor surrounded by- THE DEADERS. She's in the middle of the ritual. The Deade are all chanting. Marla and Joey are there. DEADERS (O.C.)