5) 48) dialog: (off screen)
5) 49) text: Okay, okay. Here we go. There's Anna... The camera hesitates for a fleeting moment on ANNA, a gir with bright dye-red hair (on the side of her head that is shaved). Anna looks, with no particular expression and go away. The camera turns toward a smudged mirror on the wall and get a look at Marla, a twenty-ish Asian girl.
5) 50) dialog: Here's Marla Chen, official Deader Archivist. Hello, me. he camera turns toward a door as it opens and KATYA, a yo round-faced girl with dark hair, comes out, looking a bit nervous.
5) 51) dialog: (off screen)
5) 53) dialog: And here's our deader bed -- this is the scene of the crime. Crime to be... he camera moves in on Winter.
5) 54) dialog: And here is the fearless leader of the Deaders... Winter. Winter glances up, then dismisses the camera altogether. looks off screen, then raises his hand. The room quiets. hear various voices.
10) 0) text: Amy steps in and stops, struggling to keep herself from retching. No sign of anything dead. No sound except the sinister buzzing of flies. Amy steps cautiously in. She looks toward one side, sees a closet with a double sliding door. She slides open one side, sees nothing that shouldn't be there -- a ragged winter jacket, a green pla raincoat, a hangar festooned with scarfs, some other garm still obscured beneath cleaning bag plastic. She hesitates, then calmly slides the other side open. Mo of the same. She turns in the other direction. There's a little kitche Nothing dead there. She starts forward then turns back -- staring at the refrigerator. She goes quickly over and tu it open. It's empty. Not so much as a ketchup bottle. Curious, she opens the freezer. The same. Empty. She heads through the living room and down a narrow corri leading to another bedroom. At the end of the hallway is bathroom. The door to the bathroom is open and the toilet the far wall, faces the door. Marla is there. Dressed only in bra and panties, she is sitting on the cl lid of the john, leaning forward in what seems, at first, be an impossible angle. Her hands hang forward, almost touching the floor. Her head is cocked back, staring up. skin is gray, swollen. Amy takes a few steps forward, for a better look. As she approaches, she sees the reason for the odd position of t body. A long boot-lace has been tied around Marla's neck and ti to the wall pipe on the toilet. The flesh of her neck has swollen out, almost burying the boot-lace. She has hanged herself in this ghastly way. Amy takes another step forward. As she does, there's a su loud buzzing as the flies that crawl on Marla abruptly ri up, alarmed (or whatever it is flies are) at her approach But they soon return to the corpse, crawling about the fa around the edges of the glazed, eyes, around the margins the open mouth, rimmed with dry foam -- around the out-th tongue.
10) 6) text: Then the sound of the scratching comes again. The sound o flies rising -- and again, more distinct -- something scratching. She keeps her position, still listening. Noth Just the slow steady, untroubled buzzing. She moves toward the bathroom. And again there's the tiny scratching, and the rush of so as if something has disturbed the flies. The sound stops. The flies are still except for the occasional buzz. She advances, until she can glimpse the edge of one of Marla's hanging, out-thrust hands, the tip of one finger touching the floor. Marla's long fingernails are painted green.
10) 9) text: Her outstretched fingers just manage to touch the envelop She pitches it and pulls it toward her. It falls off the sink and onto the floor behind Marla. Now, Amy must kneel, and reach past Marla face. She holds breath as she reaches long and far... She manages to grab the envelope, but her face is almost cheek to cheek with the rotting corpse. As she pulls the envelope up, she notices something else in Marla's hidden hand. THE PUZZLE BOX. Amy reaches over and pries open Marla's hand. Her blacken fingers snap as they are pulled off the box. Amy grabs th box and envelope, stuffs them into her bag, and stands. As she stands next to Marla's body suddenly-
13) 0) text: Close on a tray of ice being cracked apart. It's contents poured into a open towel. Amy is sitting on the floor in front of her couch, now dressed in only panties and a bra -- an image unpleasantl reminiscent of Marla -- especially with the spotting of bruises and roughly bandaged scrapes on her pale skin. She has a dripping ice pack in one hand, which she applie this bruise and that -- and a bottle of gin in the other. doesn't look happy. She takes a drink, then looks toward and VCR in front of her. There's a tape half-inserted into the VCR. We can see the empty envelope with "AMY" written on it, lying on the flo he tape is within reach of Amy's bare foot, and she lifts toe toward it, hesitant. She puts her toe against the tape...hanging on the edge of decision. Finally, she shov it forward with her toe.
13) 1) text: It slides into the machine. She grabs up the remote and t on the set. The IMAGE appears. It's Marla, looking like she hasn't slept in days, sittin a chair in her apartment staring into camera. Her eyes ar glazed, distant. But she looks a hell of lot better than did in the bathroom.
13) 2) dialog: (a little sad)
13) 3) text: I knew you'd come. Course if you're watching this tape, it's already too late for me. But maybe you can stop it. Amy removes the PUZZLE BOX from her satchel. Stares at it MARLA
13) 6) text: Someone pounds on a door. Marla panics.
13) 7) text: 24 MARLA (hurried)
13) 9) text: Marla! MARLA
13) 11) text: Marla! Marla leaps forward and- MARLA
15) 4) text: 27 MARLA (through phone, wet choking voice)
26) 23) text: What happened to Marla Chen? What did you do to her? He stands and walks away from Amy. INTER
26) 24) text: Marla? Why, I accepted her, that's all. That's all I've ever done for the people who come to me.
26) 27) text: We all die, over and over and over again. Marla can't commit suicide. All she can do is stop believing that she's alive. And she can't even do that.
38) 2) text: Then she stops dead. There is somebody there, and making sound we've heard before. The nasty gurgling that Amy hea when she tried calling Marla's room.
38) 3) dialog: (through phone)
43) 29) dialog: We have to go... AMY (louder)
43) 31) dialog: I didn't have any other choice. Amy looks down at her shirt as BLOOD begins to soak throu it.
43) 34) text: Like me. Marla grabs her hand and starts to pull her along. 65
43) 35) dialog: Please. We've got to go! AMY
43) 37) dialog: That's for you to decide. Amy looks around the platform, as if deciding what to do. There's a little panic in Marla's voice.
43) 38) dialog: You see, that's the problem right there. I'm supposed to help you. Like... Like Winter helped me. But I don't know if I can.
43) 40) dialog: To try... Because I have no other choice. No turning back now- (re:how she looks)
43) 43) text: I just want to go home. Marla gives her a comforting smile.
43) 44) dialog: Then let's go home. They jump down to an abandoned track and head into the darkness.
44) 0) text: A strange twisting tunnel with eerie blue lights. Pipes running along the ceiling, dripping water and hissing ste Amy and Marla march quickly towards camera.
44) 3) dialog: I put my head through a noose and I jumped ten feet down. They cut me down, and Winter breathed into me, and I was alive. And everybody was happy... and like, congratulating me... Marla's eyes are wet with yellowish tears. MARLA
44) 9) dialog: For the reward from it all.                         The tunnel starts to take some weird twists and turns. They stop and Marla turns amy in her direction. The place starts to tremble, a train is approaching from far off.
44) 10) dialog: But it isn't enough for somebody else to stick a knife into you. You have to come to the point where you can do it to yourself -- that's the acceptance. The final preparation before you give your soul to it. Willingly.
44) 12) dialog: That's the missing link. That part he keeps to himself. But he promises an eternal paradise filled with the ultimate pleasures. We just can't be afraid. And we can't have any doubts. (introspective)
44) 16) dialog: Fear is where you go to learn. Amy spins back to her. "Huh?"
44) 17) dialog: Sorry. I told you there's no turning back Amy. Only he can bring you back. Amy's attention is on the train, it roars in at full throttle. WINTER
46) 15) text: Marla? Marla doesn't seem to recognize her. AMY (CONT'D)
46) 16) text: Marla! You're alive.
46) 17) dialog: You say that like it's a good thing. Marla takes a long quiet look around the room and then le in close, unable to keep up her charade.
46) 18) dialog: (whispers)
46) 23) dialog: Winter. This is where he sends all the trouble makers. Tries to show us who's boss. Tries to make us believe.
46) 25) dialog: As real as you want it to be. We all have our own version of the truth, some are just more screwed up than others. But you wouldn't know that, because you still don't know the truth.
46) 27) dialog: You will. You see that's the point. All this, "Deaders", "Cenobites", whatever you want to call it, it's all about solving the puzzle. Part of that puzzle is you. Finding the secrets that are hidden within you. Marla pokes a finger at Amy's heart. Right on her wound.
46) 28) dialog: - in there. And as soon as you find that, as soon as you face it, you'll be free. Once and for all. he pulls back into her chair.
46) 29) dialog: Me -- I'm still looking.
46) 32) dialog: Ultimate pleasure -- more than anyone, even those who have solved the puzzle before us, have ever known. Conditions of          the nerve endings the likes of which your          imagination could not hope to evoke.               Marla stares at Amy deeply. The breaks into a smile.
46) 33) dialog: ...at Least that's what they say.                 
46) 35) text: Marla looks around the room to see if anyone is watching and then she takes Amy's hand and leans in close.  
46) 36) text: MARLA                                      
46) 40) dialog: Bingo baby. Sorry. She's trying to give Amy a clue without tipping off anyon who might be watching her.
46) 41) dialog: He has to be there for you Amy. And he will be. Like he was for all of us. That's the key. Without him, you can't come back. It's you he wants. Its you he needs. Remember that above all. Marla looks down at Amy's chest. Amy follows her stare to find blood starting to soak through her hospital gown. Am eyes begin to glaze over.
46) 42) dialog: Looks like you're running out of time. Amy leaps up from the table and suddenly Marla is gone. I fact the whole room is empty and dead quiet. A pool of bl lies beneath her seat. She staggers a bit as she moves forward.
47) 1) text: Amy turns back down the corridor to the Little Girl's voi MARLA (V.O.)
57) 0) text: AMY'S EYES SNAP OPEN as we quickly BOOM UP to find her ly on a mattress in the middle of the floor surrounded by- THE DEADERS. She's in the middle of the ritual. The Deade are all chanting. Marla and Joey are there. DEADERS (O.C.)
57) 48) text: You're here to stop this Amy. He needs your soul willingly. Don't let him take you. Don't go willingly. Marla looks at the knife. Amy gets it, she only has one w out. Marla can see the uncertainty in her eyes.
57) 49) dialog: Its over. Winter is gone. You can't come                back. You won't become a Deader...or one                of them.                                                Marla looks to Pinhead, then back to Amy. They both know she has to do.     
57) 51) dialog: (her final words)