15) 0) text: Amy hangs up. She waits a moment, hesitates -- then takes PUZZLE BOX from the table. She begins to explore it's edg with her fingers, rolling it over and over in her hands. It starts to unlock. She jumps as it begins to change shape, and sets it back the table. Light seems to emanate from within as it click into another form. The table beneath it seems tremble, th ice in her drink taps against the edge of the glass. figure appears in the darkness behind her. PINHEAD. Here go folks- THE PHONE RINGS. She nearly leaps out of the chair, strik the puzzle box with her hand. The Puzzle Box closes. PINHEAD vanishes back into the shadows.
38) 4) text: Only he can bring you back. She slams the phone down, tears the cord from the wall. A she turns to fling it she hears the sound of a man speaki She turns at the sound. PINHEAD is standing across the room from her, reading fro one of the books on a tiny bookshelf in the corner.
38) 5) dialog: (reading)
38) 7) dialog: Walt Whitman. I like your taste in books.
38) 10) dialog: I didn't. Believe me, when I want to hurt you, it will be more than a scratch.
38) 12) dialog: This isn't your room. It's mine... AMY
38) 14) dialog: This is my room, my building, my street... my world. You still can't believe that you're in the "real" world, can you? I mean... you've just had a A knife run through you. Shouldn't it hurt? AMY
38) 16) dialog: No. Dreams come to an end. Nightmares are forever. He approaches her. She backs away.
38) 17) dialog: You've been recruited as a soldier in another man's war. A war he will never win, that I can assure you.
38) 19) dialog: You will. Soon enough. But one shouldn't worship false Gods. Especially when that false God is themselves.
38) 21) dialog: Oh you will. Tell me, do you believe in                Hell? Looks down at the blade jutting out from her chest.
38) 23) dialog: You opened a door. He pulled you in. But               the only way out -- is through me. He steps towards her. She grabs up the phone, flings it. It hits the far wall a falls to the floor. Winter's gone. She reaches a hand beh her, to her back, brings it back, red with blood.
57) 16) text: And with that Amy SLAMS THE KNIFE Into the makeshift alte next to her. And that's when- PINHEAD steps through the void and into this world. A few CENOBITES follow. All the Deaders step back - this is weird... even for the Amy leaps up and stumbles back as Pinhead slowly approach Winter, carefully studying him as he does, until he's rig in Winter's face.
57) 17) dialog: I see that evil does run in the family. inter is plays it tough. But it's all an act.
57) 18) dialog: Your lineage is of a craftsman. You should have stayed in the family business. I sacrificed my mortal self for that box.
57) 20) dialog: That's where you're painfully wrong. We belong to it.
57) 23) dialog: When it is done with me -- perhaps -- but I'm afraid one's own personal hell is eternal, as you will soon see. Pinhead takes in the Puzzle Box on the makeshift altar, t Deaders, Amy.
57) 24) dialog: The box is not just the map of the road -- it is the road itself.
57) 26) dialog: Experience is a funny thing boy, it likes to test us first and teach us later. Are you sure you can pass the test? Are you sure you want to?
57) 28) dialog: It's not the first time I've heard that. AND THEN IT'S HOOKS AND CHAINS TIME. They reach out from the void all around Winter and stab i him. He screams out in complete agony as they tear at him stretch his limbs to the point of ripping them off. AND THEN THEY STOP.
57) 29) dialog: And it won't be the last. Winter's screams subside as a rush of pain surges through him, numbing him. He's just able to turn his head to Pinhead and crack the slightest "fuck you" smile. Winter tries to talk, but the skin around his mouth is stretched too tight. PINHEAD
57) 30) text: When you attempted to challenge evil you entered into my domain. There is no way in but through me. Pinhead gets in close to Winter's face.
57) 31) dialog: Careful what you wish for. Now we can see the terror in Winter's eyes.
57) 32) dialog: It just might come true. Winter screams as he is finally torn apart by the chains. Pinhead turns his attention to the DEADERS.
57) 34) dialog: This world, it obviously disappoints you all. Perhaps that's why you choose to begin this journey. And as long as you so               willingly accepted, allow me to finish off what he started. And out of the darkness an oversized MENACING CHAIN comes FLYING OUT, HARPOONING straight through the midsections o all the deaders lined on the right side of Amy. Piercing
57) 38) dialog: She's one of us now Amy. Now a guide to the far reaches of pleasure. To a world where suffering is taken to higher level. AMY
57) 40) dialog: You opened the box.
57) 42) dialog: And now you have it. But knowledge comes with a price -- and it's time to pay.
57) 46) dialog: They belong to me now. They offered themselves willingly through him to me -- And now it's time for you to do the same. Amy grabs the knife from the floor and points it at Pinhe
57) 47) dialog: It won't be that easy this time. But yes,               your Father is with us too. And he's waiting for you. These words pierce through Amy. She looks at Marla, now barely hanging on to any signs of liveliness. Her head li up to Amy. ARLA
57) 52) text: Only he can bring you back. Amy sees the meat hanging off the chains. It used to be Winter. She glares at Pinhead with a sudden look of confidence, like a light bulb has gone off and she can finally see her way out. She raises the knife high in fro of her. The two SNAKE-TONGUED CENOBITES move in closer to Amy. Th can't wait to have a little taste. For a moment, Pinhead is pleased, then Amy begins the DEA CHANT, but reverses its meaning. 84
57) 56) text: No! The room starts to fill with a BRIGHT LIGHT. The Puzzle B starts to close as- Pinhead and the boys are sucked back into the void, which closes behind them. Amy looks up from the knife planted deep in her gut- - AND SMILES. She tips out of frame as the screen bleache white and we-