5) 52) text: And here's the star of the show. Katya... She gives a little smile. The camera swings over toward a mattress on the floor. Some of the people are tugging a plastic sheet over it. One of them, and the one who clear appears to be in authority -- a man with albino-like feat -- WINTER.
5) 56) dialog: Do you become one of us of your own free will?
5) 59) dialog: Are you afraid?
5) 61) dialog: Good. Fear is the place we go to learn. She hesitates. ATYA (reciting)
5) 62) text: My skin isn't real. My eyes aren't real. My muscles aren't real. My bones, my heart, my veins and nerves, and flesh and meat... aren't real. What I see, what I hear, what I taste, what I touch, what I remember, what I think, what I feel, aren't real. WINTER (off screen)
5) 72) text: I'm not real. I'm not... Winter reaches out, hesitant, and cocks the gun in her ha Meanwhile, we see other hands, reaching in, pressing a fo up towel against the opposite side of her head. Other han come in and press a doubled-over pillow against the towel KATYA
10) 0) text: Amy steps in and stops, struggling to keep herself from retching. No sign of anything dead. No sound except the sinister buzzing of flies. Amy steps cautiously in. She looks toward one side, sees a closet with a double sliding door. She slides open one side, sees nothing that shouldn't be there -- a ragged winter jacket, a green pla raincoat, a hangar festooned with scarfs, some other garm still obscured beneath cleaning bag plastic. She hesitates, then calmly slides the other side open. Mo of the same. She turns in the other direction. There's a little kitche Nothing dead there. She starts forward then turns back -- staring at the refrigerator. She goes quickly over and tu it open. It's empty. Not so much as a ketchup bottle. Curious, she opens the freezer. The same. Empty. She heads through the living room and down a narrow corri leading to another bedroom. At the end of the hallway is bathroom. The door to the bathroom is open and the toilet the far wall, faces the door. Marla is there. Dressed only in bra and panties, she is sitting on the cl lid of the john, leaning forward in what seems, at first, be an impossible angle. Her hands hang forward, almost touching the floor. Her head is cocked back, staring up. skin is gray, swollen. Amy takes a few steps forward, for a better look. As she approaches, she sees the reason for the odd position of t body. A long boot-lace has been tied around Marla's neck and ti to the wall pipe on the toilet. The flesh of her neck has swollen out, almost burying the boot-lace. She has hanged herself in this ghastly way. Amy takes another step forward. As she does, there's a su loud buzzing as the flies that crawl on Marla abruptly ri up, alarmed (or whatever it is flies are) at her approach But they soon return to the corpse, crawling about the fa around the edges of the glazed, eyes, around the margins the open mouth, rimmed with dry foam -- around the out-th tongue.
13) 5) text: Don't open the box Amy. If you do Winter wins, and if he wins-
13) 8) text: Go to Pletkow station at midnight. Go to the south end of the platform and step onto the last car. Find a guy named Joey who runs the show and tell him I sent you. He'll guide you to them. The POUNDING GETS LOUDER. WINTER (O.S.)
13) 10) text: Save them Amy. Please... WINTER (O.S.)
18) 3) text: Amy Klein! Amy stumbles forward, goes down to her knees and turns. Around twenty feet behind her, standing on the edge of th platform, with his back toward the drop, is- - WINTER, wearing a black trench-coat, cinched at the wai He looks down the tunnel. Amy does as well. The train is coming into the station. She turns back toward Winter. He stares at her, with malevolent eyes. And as the train comes flying in, he calmly falls backwar directly into its path. Amy screams. In an instant she's up, running alongside the braking tra The doors open, but virtually nobody comes out. The front the train is still far ahead. AMY
19) 14) text: Hey... Amy is watching, staring through the moving train windows The figures are still there. Winter is staring at her -
19) 19) text: The figure is still there, visible through the windows of departing train. Then, the last car of the train passes, leaving an unencumbered view of the far side. The platform is empty. No sign of Winter. No sign of anyb Amy stop struggling, as the Cops tug her arms back, handcuffing her. She hardly notices, but keep staring at empty platform across the tracks. She glances up at the C panting Tomislav looks down at her. Then circles his fing around his ear to his comrades. They all understand.
25) 15) text: I have a room of my own. Kindly join me. He throws the knife at the wall, where it embeds itself i way further then it should have, and walks away. Amy move away from the opening. She circles around, through a door and into the space that she was previously watching. She moves forward hesitantly, trying to avoid the touch o the various occupants, who don't behave aggressively, but clearly press forward, into her personal space. She looks this way and that, trying to find where Winter gone.
26) 0) text: This is a small, dark space, light coming mostly from a rather conventional-looking standing lamp. In the shadows beyond the little space of light is a confusion of half-o doors, walls and shadows, half lit rooms with un-guessabl occupants. Winter is there, sitting in a padded chair in front of a coffee table, reading a book. Amy steps inside. Winter doesn't react to her presence. Abruptly, the door closes behind her. She hesitates and walks forward. WINTER
26) 3) dialog: I chose you. Amy pauses, unsure, then moves forward and takes a seat opposite him.
26) 5) dialog: People come in here the way they want. If it was difficult, then that was the way you wanted it. A little danger. A little mystery. That's what you expected. That's what you found.
26) 7) text: Winters puts the book down.     His attention is now on A
26) 8) dialog: Were you afraid, Amy? Just now? And during your little "rite of passage" through the walls? AMY
26) 9) text: Yes. Was it real? Winter smiles, he displays amusement to Amy's suspicions.
26) 10) dialog: And were you afraid when you saw Marla Chen? Of what you found in the bathroom? AMY
26) 12) dialog: You took something from her? Winter studies Amy.
26) 13) dialog: Do you have it with you? Amy opens her bag and produces the Puzzle Box.     She la the table between them. AMY
26) 15) dialog: My great grandfather created that box. He left it as a...gift. A way to cheat death, an entrance to everlasting pleasures, and it belongs to me. Though there are others who would disagree.
26) 17) dialog: Really? Should I be honored or afraid that you are here, Amy Klein. Do you really think you can just go along with us for a little ride and then get off when it suits you? Like your new friends on the train? You're not going to find it so easy to get off this train.
26) 20) dialog: Your already on it. Don't dance with me, Amy Klein. Don't think for a second that you aren't in danger. You are in more danger than ever imagined possible.
26) 26) dialog: Oh, but she did. And what makes you so sure she's dead? Winters studies Amy face. INTER (CONT'D)
26) 29) text: 48 WINTER(cont'd)
26) 31) text: That doesn't mean anything. What I saw in that room was real. What I smelled was real. Real like this table. She raps on the table with her middle finger, palm up. Sh then lifts her hand up keeping her middle finger towards Winter. AMY
26) 32) text: Real like, like this hand... In a flash, almost supernaturally , Winter passes seeming through the chair and is front of Amy, her hand held tigh by his. He reaches up with his other hand and uncurls Amy fingers. WINTER
26) 33) text: You say this is real? He begins to move his fingers over her hand, enumerating various parts. WINTER
26) 34) text: Epidermis. The dorsal fascia. Transverse carpal ligament across here... The process is taking on an oddly seductive quality. WINTER
32) 0) text: Amy awakens from the trance. She is lying down surrounded the Deaders. Winters stands above her.
32) 1) dialog: What did you see? AMY
32) 7) text: I'm no devil. I'm no monster. Amy, I'll never hurt you and I'll never leave you. Amy doesn't answer. Winter extends to her a knife. WINTER (cont'd)
32) 8) text: Accept my gift. No more fear. No more questions. No one can ever hurt you again. For a moment she appears to consider his offering. Then, if waking up... she shoves herself back away from Winter. AMY
32) 9) text: No, get... get away... But now the Dead are there, surrounding her, reaching out her. They begin to chant. Winter takes the PUZZLE BOX and places on a makeshift alt at the head of the mattress.
32) 13) dialog: Lie down Amy. It'll only hurt for a second. I promise.
32) 16) dialog: No more pain. Only pleasure. The Deaders start to grab onto her. She starts to panic a little. AMY (cont'd)
43) 14) text: Whoa. It's time to give in Amy, you're just fighting it too hard. Forget about the truth, forget about reality, just sit back and enjoy the ride. There's nothing you can do anyway. We're all just piece's in Winter's little puzzle. AMY
44) 19) dialog: (screaming over the train) All roads lead home.
46) 37) text: Problem is Winter can't solve the puzzle. Only a few chosen ones -- with just the right amount of depravity and loneliness in their soul -- can. beat)
57) 2) text: My bones, my heart, my veins and nerves, and flesh and meat... aren't real. What I see, what I hear, what I taste, what I touch, what I remember, what I think, what I feel, aren't real. With a glance she can see that the PUZZLE BOX, in its sol configuration, sits on a make-shift altar at the head of mattress. WINTER is towering over her at her feet. He holds out a k -- THE FAMILIAR STILETTO -- for her to take.
57) 3) dialog: You've gone through this before Amy. Go through it again -- with me. Amy has a sudden look of resignation, mixed with a little relief. She reaches out and slowly takes the knife from Winter.
57) 4) dialog: That's it. I knew you were the one. The second I saw you, I knew you were the one. The chanting continues.
57) 6) dialog: It's working. I knew it. He kneels down next to Amy. 79
57) 7) dialog: Say it with us Amy. You have to say it with us. Amy's hands start to tremble. AMY
57) 9) dialog: Yes you can Amy. You're one of us now, all you have to do is take this final step and let the pain go. And welcome a world of ultimate pleasures. AN ARM, bluish white, stretches out from the VOID trying to grab Joey who ducks it's grasp. The Deaders break the circle around Amy as more ARMS reac out from the void. The VOICES OF TORTURED SOULS, twisted warped, scream out for help in the wind that BURSTS out o the void. HOOKS AND CHAINS reach out and grab the outstretched arms dragging them back into the VOID. Back into Hell. The Deaders turn to Winter -- they're all a little freake out. From the look on their faces it's clear that this is at all what they expected. JOEY
57) 10) text: Where are the naked chicks? The oil? The orgies? It's not what Winter expected either. WINTER (calm)
57) 12) text: I can't. WINTER (screams)
57) 16) text: And with that Amy SLAMS THE KNIFE Into the makeshift alte next to her. And that's when- PINHEAD steps through the void and into this world. A few CENOBITES follow. All the Deaders step back - this is weird... even for the Amy leaps up and stumbles back as Pinhead slowly approach Winter, carefully studying him as he does, until he's rig in Winter's face.
57) 19) dialog: It's mine now. It belongs to me.
57) 21) dialog: It created you, and it can destroy you. (to Amy)
57) 25) dialog: The ultimate experience. 81
57) 27) dialog: You can't hurt me. Pinhead smiles.
57) 30) text: When you attempted to challenge evil you entered into my domain. There is no way in but through me. Pinhead gets in close to Winter's face.
57) 52) text: Only he can bring you back. Amy sees the meat hanging off the chains. It used to be Winter. She glares at Pinhead with a sudden look of confidence, like a light bulb has gone off and she can finally see her way out. She raises the knife high in fro of her. The two SNAKE-TONGUED CENOBITES move in closer to Amy. Th can't wait to have a little taste. For a moment, Pinhead is pleased, then Amy begins the DEA CHANT, but reverses its meaning. 84