1) 0) text: Blinding in their white uniforms, naval flag officers sit in the audience, showing their support for THEODORE HAYES a 50-year-old civilian.  This is his confirmation hearing Reading from prepared material:
1) 9) text: The Navy's conclusion regarding the crash of an F-14 aboard an aircraft carrier.  Female aviator, it just so happens. (to Hayes)
1) 10) text: You're familiar with this report and its conclusion, am I right?
1) 17) text: In my seven years on this committee, I've never seen a downed aviator treated like this.  Never.  I'm deeply disturbed by this report, Mr. Hayes.  Not just what it bodes for women in the military -- but for your own confirmation as well.
2) 0) text: Heading for her office, DeHaven is escorted by a small PRESS RETINUE.
3) 6) text: How do you propose to handle the Combat Exclusion Laws?
4) 0) text: Buttoning up topcoats, the White House boys move down marble steps to reach a pair of limousines.  Hayes and tw FLAG OFFICERS wait.
4) 3) text: Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.
6) 0) text: Winterscape:  Dotted with ice floes, the Potomac wends through the capitol city, banks iridescent with snow, morning water calm.  There's an almost hallowed beauty to it all.  Soon we pick out... A spot of day-glo.  Coming out of the mouth of morning. Overtaking the floes. CLOSER on JORDAN O'NEIL.  She pushes her flat-water kayak downriver, paddling hard and clean, making good time. Gliding through the graceful arches of the Arlington bridge, she passes... Cars overhead.  Grid-locked by snow conditions. In seconds Jordan paddles clear, leaving the traffic behind as she heads toward the Washington Monument. Something BURRS from a life-vest pocket.  She rips throug velcro to free a cell phone.
9) 0) text: Bundled in topcoat and scarves, military and civilian employees transit a security station on their way inside. Presently Jordan appears -- wearing a wetsuit and balancing a collapsed kayak on her head.  She flashes a photo-badge and double-times inside.
10) 0) text: Jordan exits a locker room.  Smoothing out her Khaki uniform, she heads down a broad corridor with cipher-lock doors.  Falling in step:
11) 0) text: A circular chamber.  Dominating the ground floor is the bullpen, a hive of cubicles an computer stations.  On the second floor are executive offices, ringing the bullpen.
12) 5) text: High-school pentathlete... ROTC scholarship, graduated with honors... top marks in Basic Training... and, as it just so happens, a constituent of my home state of Virginia.  Oh, the things I'll do for one extra vote.
13) 0) text: On the phone, Jordan glances around.  Co-workers mull within earshot.  Those out of earshot post E-mail memos o Jordan's computer:  "Moving up in life."  "I want a full report."  "Don't tell her who you really voted for."
15) 0) text: It's not so much furnished as equipped -- scuba gear and wetsuits in the mud room, life vests on coat racks, a training bag and boxing gloves hanging in the living room In the kitchen we find... A naked man.  He's steeping tea.
16) 17) text: So if I try this thing... if I ship out to Coronado... what happens here?
17) 0) text: Jordan drives a top-down Mustang across the sweeping Coronado Bridge, cityscape behind her, naval base ahead. A flock of pelicans pace Jordan alongside the bridge. Suddenly two NAVY HELOS BLAST overhead, scattering the pelicans.
18) 0) text: On base, Jordan carries a gunnysack across an asphalt courtyard.  The is "the grinder," reminiscent of a gladiator's arena.  She notices at one end... A silver ship's bell.  Hung prominently.
19) 3) text: So you're the one. Hearing, other workers look up.  Among them is a female ensign, KATHY BLONDELL -- no makeup, no nail polish, no concession to her sex.  Throughout, she'll watch Jordan with more than passing interest.
20) 1) dialog: Come. A YEOMAN opens the door.  Behind him is Jordan.
20) 3) dialog: Yes, of course.  Please, have a seat, lieutenant...
20) 5) dialog: Would you care for a beverage?  Tea?
20) 7) dialog: So.  We're still coming to terms with the exact protocol for this -- for integrating the Spec-Recon training.  It may not always be smooth, but we're trying to make it as painless as possible for you.
20) 10) dialog: Don't worry about it.  If it's off your collar and out of your eyes, that's all I'm going to ask.
20) 12) dialog: I'm not out to change your sex, lieutenant.  You'll have separate beds, separate heads.  If you have specific medical needs, inform the infirmary.  If a classmate or superior acts in an harassing or otherwise unbecoming manner, please inform me immediately so I can deal with it immediately.  Questions?
20) 14) dialog: Then that's all I have to say. Dismissed. Another smile, another phantom gesture on the back of her chair.  If Jordan was expecting a fight, the bell never sounded.  She rises, salutes -- then turns back at the door.
20) 16) dialog: If you were like everyone else, lieutenant, I suspect we wouldn't be making statements about not making statements, would we? (a beat)
21) 0) text: The Spec-Recon TRAINEES loiter outside their open rooms, pumping weights, hosing down dive gear, trading Walkman tapes.  This is the last day of liberty they'll have for long time.
22) 1) dialog: Special Reconnaissance.  Here you will be trained to infiltrate hostile territory... to be the real- time eyes on the ground... to recover assigned targets and, if need be, to fight your way out under adverse conditions. CAMERA SURVEYS faces of the trainees:  MILLER, MCCOOL,
22) 3) dialog: That is all that will be said about the special nature of this class -- by us or by you.  Many of you have waited years for admission to this program.  Opportunities like this are rare -- and those who seize upon them are rarer still. He approaches Jordan.  We can tell what she's thinking. "Just keep moving.  Don't single me out."
22) 4) dialog: Other than that, there is little to be said but "Good luck, gentleman." (correcting)
22) 6) dialog: Now I turn you over to the chief training officer.  He has earned six naval commendations, the purple heart, and the Navy Cross for heroism and valor.  I give you Master Chief John James Urgayle. Taking over, THE CHIEF stands before the class a moment, sizing them up while giving them -- get an eyeload of him too:  His body is 30 years old, his face 40, his eyes 50. An ageless warrior.  Somewhere, the blood of Ulysses runs in this guy's veins. The Chief lifts a bullhorn to deliver his opening salvo - and it's anything but the kick-ass rant the class is expecting:
27) 6) text: I'm thinkin' we could jump him right now...
30) 0) text: Dead-ass tired, Jordan slides her tray down the line, piling on food that means nothing more than raw calories. She heads for... A table of trainees, one spot open.  Seeing her coming, the guys shift position.  Suddenly the table is full.
32) 0) text: Two beds.  Matching lockers.  A desk, a chair, a mirror. All overwhelmingly dull. Jordan drops the robe off her shoulders to take inventory of her body.  Both sides of her neck are bruised from the phone-pole run.  Her back and thighs are sand-burned. Mirror cuts abound.  She's already a mess. Jordan uncaps some cologne.  It's a vestige of her old life she's not going to surrender.  She sniffs.  Savors. Dabs.  Looks back in the mirror... And breaks out laughing.  It's like dropping a rose in a cesspool.
33) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPHER stands near a car parked just outside the base.  He's peering through a 600mm lens. PHOTOGRAPHER'S POV:  FOCUSING through cyclone fencing... PANNING past the sand dunes... and finding green-clad trainees gathered at an obstacle course.
36) 0) text: The men' building.  Slutnik and a few others loiter on a balcony, mirroring her stare.
38) 0) text: An on-base bungalow.  Jordan bangs on the front door unti the C.O.'S scowling face appears.
38) 2) dialog: Didn't take long. He waves her inside.
39) 1) dialog: All right, lieutenant, give me a name and specifics, I'll have the X.O. file an action first thing in the morning. (waits)
39) 4) dialog: (jolted)
39) 7) dialog: Because I was civil, now you're complaining.
39) 9) dialog: Did you just have a brain-fart?
39) 11) dialog: Did you just barge in here and curse at your base commander?  If so, I regard that as a bonafide brain- fart, and I resent it when people fart inside my home.
39) 13) dialog: (building)
39) 15) text: But most of all, lieutenant, I resent your perfume, however subtle it may be, competing with the aroma of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty- nine cent cigar, which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happens to offend your goddamn fragile sensibilities.  DOES IT?
39) 17) dialog: No, sir, WHAT?
39) 19) dialog: Well.  'Least now we're talking the same language. (a beat)
39) 22) dialog: Straight up?
39) 24) dialog: And if you just happen to wash out, I won't have to contend with you bitchin' to some hairy-chested female Senator?  And please note I did not identify any one in particular.
39) 26) dialog: Then good night.
39) 28) dialog: You'll get everything you want, O'Neil.  Let's see if you want what you're gonna get.
40) 0) text: Jordan gets her hair cut to regulation length.  It's over in seconds.
41) 0) text: Jordan slaps down old room keys and new orders.  Blondell scans the paperwork with deepening concern.
44) 11) text: Listen, Sex Ape.  I'm here to stay. And if you don't want me for a roommate or classmate, you got two options -- move out or ring out. End of file. Slutnik stalks out.  Jordan fires a look at the innocent bystander here, McCool.  He was studying at his desk when the fireworks began.
46) 44) text: Do any of you want to reconsider? Avoiding his eyes, Miller wags his head.
46) 48) text: Everybody out. With a SHIVERING CHEER, the trainees stampede ashore, grabbing blankets, trading body-bumps and high-fives. Jordan gets swept up in the esprit:  They've conquered a common enemy.  But when she tries to get high-fived... The guys turn their backs.  It's a cold rebuff, worse the any water. HOLD TIGHT on Jordan.  Shivering.  Watching the guys drif away.  Hating them.
49) 2) text: "... last week at Coronado.  The woman, identity unknown, is believed to be the first female candidate for the elite Special Reconnaissance program.  Her presence could signal a shift in the Navy's long-standing policy that excludes women from combat positions." The P.R. FLAK drops the newspaper on the C.O.'s desk. It's the San Diego Tribune.  Under the headline "G.I. JANE," a photo shows a chesty sailor running the obstacle course.
49) 3) dialog: (calling O.S.)
49) 7) dialog: "A sociol..."  Kill the interviews. I don't need civilians nosin' around in matters that are supposed to be covert in nature.  Just kill 'em before this whole thing gets outta con --
50) 1) dialog: Base Commander Turrentine speaking. In the Senate barber shop, DeHaven is having her hair colored.  She holds a fax of the Tribune article in one hand, a cell phone in the other.
50) 3) text: Commander, are you of the habit of letting photographers traipse around your base snappin' their fill? These were supposed to have been discreet test cases --
50) 5) dialog: Senator, they stand out on the public highway with telephoto lenses --
50) 7) dialog: -- nothing I can do about it unless you're suggesting I infringe on their civil liberties -- which I'd happily do if you'll just trim a little fat off the Constitution.
51) 0) text: The C.O. double-takes as Jordan enters:  She's sun-burned wind-burned, sand-burned, chapped and chaffed, bloody and soggy.  Her dive suit leaks onto the floor.
51) 2) dialog: You makin' friends with the press, lieutenant? He tosses her the paper.  Jordan scans the article as DeHaven continues over speakerphone:
51) 4) text: This my shade?  "Midnight Mahogany"? 'Cuz I'm comin' dangerously close to lookin' like Ronald Reagan here.
51) 5) dialog: Your prerogative, Senator.
51) 7) dialog: Standing right here in my office.
51) 10) text: Can't complain, ma'am.
51) 14) dialog: Uh, V.I.P. security arrangements generally take some time, Senator.
51) 16) dialog: Of course, but there's more --
51) 19) dialog: "We'll all have lunch."  Good idea. Oh, and let's be sure to invite this sociologist, too -- just in case we want to have a FUCKING BRIDGE GAME
51) 24) dialog: Permission to evaporate, O'Neil.
56) 0) text: McCool
57) 0) text: Up and down the dunes, crews are digging "hide-sites" -- six-man holes that will be their homes tonight.  Cortez and Slutnik are uprooting shrubs, collecting camouflage material.
58) 0) text: Jordan and Flea fill sand bags to shore up the walls of their hide-site.  England and McCool shovel back to back.
59) 0) text: A Jeep speeds along the public highway, carrying the C.O. back to base.  When the Jeep tops a rise:
59) 1) dialog: What in God's name... Ahead, a half-dozen news crews are camped on the shoulder All cameras are trained on the base.
60) 0) text: CAMERA FINDS Navy dress blues laid out on a bed... topcoa draped on a chair-back... CNN on a television.
61) 0) text: Beneath the coffered ceiling of a great Beau-Art hall, on of Washington's power-tribes is celebrating.  We find gowned women, tuxedoed men, gold-braided naval officers, SWING BAND, and... Secretary Hayes, newly confirmed.  He beams as he dances with his wife.  Compliments and friendly barbs come from all directions:
62) 0) text: Royce, EXCUSING his way through the crowd, fixating on th bar, leading his DIAL-A-DATE winner by the hand. Conversations drift into earshot:
63) 5) text: Unless, of course, you're suggesting that "G.I. Jane" is on her way to becoming "Jane Doe"...
66) 0) text: And blasts outside, intending to shake some answers out o Bald Spot.  But here Royce finds... A dozen naval officers waiting for their cars.  All of them now wear caps. Royce tries to check faces of the quickly departing men. but it could have been anyone.
69) 0) text: Jordan resurfaces.  Treading water, she scans for... Seafox.  It makes a hard turn in the water and starts back.  The recovery rig -- a big flexible loop -- is lowered into position. Still hauling ass, Seafox picks up the trainees in revers order -- England, Slutnik, Cortez.  They each stab an arm through the passing loop...
72) 2) text: Next recovery!  Keep goin', keep goin'!
73) 0) text: COUGHING up water, Jordan watches Seafox speed on toward McCool and Flea.  They make textbook recoveries.  She's the only one who couldn't cut it.
74) 14) text: McCool's that same rank.  We're both j.g.'s.
75) 6) text: You are not infantry!  Your firepower is limited!  Excessive killing only risks compromise... Reloading, Jordan tosses a look at Slutnik and Cortez. Ain't nobody bitchin' now.
84) 0) text: ... and knifes into black water. The HELO PATTERS away. An inky stillness overtakes the world. Jordan activates a red-light beacon, sweeps it around, revealing her position to... Her crew.  Five black faces regroup around her.
86) 0) text: CAMERA PANS the island, awash in morning light.  Woodland lie distant.  A road is the only man-made feature -- unti in FOREGROUND, we find a spotting scope poking from the ground.
87) 0) text: SCOPE POV:  Of the road.  Fast-attack vehicles approach.
87) 2) text: Got two FAVs moving south.  I make... four banditos aboard, carrying... H-60 machine guns... Jordan REPEATS THE INFO into a digital tape-recorder, add the time.
89) 13) text: But did she see us?  Do you know for a fact that we are compromised? McCool doesn't.  Not for sure.
91) 0) text: SCOPE POV:  Of the troop carrier braking hard.  "Hostiles spill out the rear -- and fan out all around us.
92) 0) text: They come out of the hide-site like atomic locusts, splintering into three groups and laying down SUPPRESSIVE FIRE as they blitz for... The woodlands. "Hostiles" FIRE and pursue. Flea is running flat out when the ground vanishes beneath him.  He goes down like a doped race horse.  Suddenly exposed, another crew scrambles into daylight:  Flea ran right over their hide-site. Slutnik yanks Flea out, gets him back on his feet.
93) 0) text: Breathing like asthmatics, Jordan's crew regroups at the link-up site just inside the woods.  Flea comes in hobbling.  Badly.
95) 0) text: Jordan's crew lopes through the woods, searching for a place to bring the helo down.  Right on their heels... ARTILLERY SIMULATORS THUMP-THUMP-THUMP, illumination GRENADES POP and flare.  This may not be war, but it'll d until the real thing comes along.
99) 0) text: Whirling smoke, the helo descends.  Jordan's crew breaks early, trying to get there the instant it touches down. But before they can... An FAV crashes through the underbrush, M-60s BARKING in the helo's direction.  The helo bounds away. Jordan's crew tries to retreat -- but a second FAV cuts them off.
102) 0) text: A P.O.W. camp, disturbingly authentic.  A dozen trainees are already here, held in pens of bamboo and barbed-wire. Flea, McCool, Slutnik, Cortez, Newberry -- all five get tossed into a pen.  Jordan is pulled away.
103) 0) text: Jordan is thrown to the ground.  Her eyes go wide when sh sees a row of steel boxes nearby.  They're scarcely large then coffins.
106) 0) text: A BANGING wakes Jordan.  Are they coming for her?  But FOOTSTEPS LEAVE.  A GROAN from the adjacent box.
107) 0) text: Royce stops for a newspaper.  As he pays, something else catches his eye.  He picks up... A "People" magazine.  The grainy image of "G.I. Jane" fills the cover.  A photo inset, much clearer, shows a beaming DeHaven.  "BEHIND EVERY GREAT WOMAN..."
109) 5) text: Congress cuts, military bleeds.  But Pentagon's a big place.  Let's narrow the sights.
113) 15) text: When I put you down, O'Neil, take the hint and stay down. She licks her bloody teeth -- and considers kicking his balls into his brainpan.  Instead she makes a move to get up.  He grinds her back down with a crowbar forearm.
113) 17) text: I am saving your life, O'Neil.  You may not know it, but I do.  You're an inferior soldier, a bad officer, and I don't want you learning that inconvenient truth when you're stuck in a muddy bomb crater behind enemy lines and don't know how the fuck to get out.  You get out now, O'Neil. Seek life elsewhere.  And if you can't do it in front of me, do it behind my back. Pinning her down with just his eyes, he rises -- and starts away. Behind him, Jordan struggles to rise. An ANXIOUS MURMUR races through the men:  They don't want to see this.  They don't want to see her crucified.
117) 0) text: Hand-carrying a report, Flag Officer #1 hurries down a corridor, pushes through a door.  HOLD on the door marker "Secretary of the Navy."
123) 2) dialog: (uncomfortable)
123) 4) text: "... seen leaving the apartment of another female officer at such a time and in such a manner as to suggest conduct unbecoming."
123) 6) text: Sir, if someone is suggesting that I'm a lesbian, they're wrong. The C.O.'s face remains grim.  He isn't relieved.
123) 15) dialog: That's enough.  Everybody. (to Wickwire)
123) 19) dialog: Dismissed, lieutenant. Wickwire exits.
123) 23) dialog: I find this as distasteful as you, lieutenant.  But if it's on my desk, it's on my shoulders.  There's going to be an inquiry -- it will not be quick and it will definitely not be pretty.  You should prepare yourself.
123) 25) dialog: I don't see how, O'Neil.  Dismissed. Jordan moves to the door.  Again she makes eye-contact with Blondell.  Now we understand why she's so scared: There's a witch-hunt brewing.
123) 27) text: Sir.  If tomorrow... I was not under your command... would the inquiry still go forward?
123) 28) dialog: I'm not sure what --
123) 30) dialog: I believe so.
124) 0) text: McCool and Flea exit a classroom with other trainees. They spot Jordan approaching.
128) 0) text: The boat docks.  Jordan springs clear, waves a worn-out thanks, starts up the dock.  But now she comes to a stop, seeing... Royce.  Stepping out of the house. EXTREMELY WIDE:  River shimmering behind them, they meet on the dock.  A charged stand-off:  Where do they pick up Can they pick up?  Then Jordan drops her gunnysack and steps into his wide-spread arms.  Royce wraps her up as i to never let go. For the first time in this whole ordeal, Jordan begins crying, sobbing uncontrollably.
130) 0) text: CLOSE on multiple files being pulled out of a briefcase. One contains clippings -- "G.I. Jane" photos, editorials, political cartoons.  Another holds records of Coronado personnel -- Jordan's crewmates, instructors, the base brass.
135) 0) text: Jordan and Royce move quickly down a corridor, eyes hunting, passing CAPITOL GUIDES and their tourists.  Soon they find... DeHaven's office.  A Navy captain exits with paperwork. Hasty salutes.
135) 4) text: Get started here.  I'll catch up. Picking up where he left off a few weeks ago, Royce follows Bald Spot around a corner...
137) 0) text: ... and through a door marked "Naval Appropriation Liaiso Office."  It's not 30 seconds from DeHaven's door.
139) 0) text: On the chamber floor, SENATORS mull about, consulting aides, polling party mates.  PAGES place microphones and fill the ceremonial snuff boxes, readying the room for session.  Among the activity, we find... DeHaven.  Caucusing with another Democrat.
140) 15) text: In 1981, the Supreme Court was asked to rule on the issue of women in combat positions.  The Court cited the 1948 Combat Exclusion Laws as a legal foundation for keeping women ineligible.  That decision held for all these years -- until the White House, 10 days ago, moved to have the Exclusion Laws voided. To demolish that legal foundation.
143) 0) text: Through a window, we see the C.O. with a phone pressed to his ear.  He stands at attention even though wearing a bathrobe.  Half-audible through the glass:
143) 1) dialog: Yes sir.  No, I'm not saying it would be impossible, sir, just... Yes sir.  No sir.  Yes sir.  I can appreciate that, sir.  Good night, sir.
144) 0) text: The C.O. hangs up and looks to Jordan, heretofore unseen. She waits anxiously.
144) 1) dialog: Well, if you had to go over my head, lieutenant, that's the way to do it.  Christ, nothin' like a 0-200 call from the Commander and Chief to get the bowels movin'.
144) 3) dialog: Basically -- he asked me if I could unring a bell.
145) 0) text: START on the helmet graveyard.  Hands enter FRAME to reclaim one helmet in particular.  TILT UP on Jordan, back in the grinder, back in Navy greens. The Spec-Recon class is here.  Crewmates gawk like stone idiots as Jordan takes her old place in the line-up.
145) 1) dialog: (to class)
145) 2) text: One of you here understands better than anyone what this is all about. Someone who has engaged in conduct unbecoming.  Someone who knows, I would hope, what he must now do. CLOSE on Wickwire.  Feeling the heat.  Wondering if they really know who it is.  Now the C.O. parks himself right in Wickwire's face.
145) 3) dialog: And unless that someone takes the honorable way out in the next 10 seconds -- I will make certain he faces action under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Wickwire breaks rank and heads for the bell.  He slows when reaching Jordan, considering an apology he knows would be inadequate.
145) 5) dialog: It seems we have an opening for class officer.  Any nominations? Eyes swing to Jordan.  Way ahead of them:
145) 6) dialog: All those in favor? A CHORUS OF AYES.  Jordan puddles up.
145) 7) dialog: Chief Urgayle, turning it back over to you. On his way to the front, the Chief stops to check in with Jordan.
146) 0) text: The morning sun is an orange ball balanced on the Coronad Bridge.  In silhouette, pelicans circle, some dive-bombin into the bay below.  Suddenly a HELO HOWLS across the sun scattering the birds as it heads off-shore.
147) 2) text: Four... three... two... one... hack! Flea, McCool, Slutnik, Cortez, Newberry, Jordan.  Inside the airborne helo, they synchronize their dive watches.
149) 3) text: One-second intervals!  Go!
150) 0) text: The ILB splashes down into the ocean.  Jordan's crew helo casts in after it. From the door of the circling helo, the Chief watches as... Jordan's crew swims to the ILB, bobbing in the swells. Flea turns a handle on the CO2 tank meant to inflate the boat.  Nothing happens.
151) 0) text: The helo turns into the morning sun.  PILOT and CO-PILOT drop visors. PILOT'S POV:  Of dots in the sun.  What the hell are try? SMACK!  Something hits the windscreen, splattering red an brown.
156) 0) text: McCool surfaces.
166) 2) text: This mission wasn't about tagging mines.  It was to see how you coped with mechanical failures.  Pretty fuckin' ironic, huh? He laughs.  It's the bleakest laugh imaginable.
170) 3) text: Take him first.  Once he's clear, come back with --
175) 0) text: ... and "Supermans" into daylight with the Chief.  They covered 50 feet in four seconds. Doing a 360, Jordan spots... Seafox One coming their way. Jordan waves like a shipwreck victim. Not slowing, Seafox lowers a recovery rig into place: They're wasting no time on the pick-up. Remembering the last time she tried this, Jordan gets a death-grip on the Chief's vest.
177) 1) dialog: (into microphone)
177) 2) text: Special Reconnaissance Class 118, you may now stand down. All buffed and polished and wearing their dress whites, the former trainees erupt with ONE GREAT HOO-YAH.  What began as a class of 100 now ends with just 40. Sitting among the families and friends we find Royce, smiling through his fears.  Not far away sits Blondell. No one claps louder. Jordan trades high-fives and fierce hugs with crewmates. Pyro finally manages to take her aside.
177) 9) text: Just a coincidence?
178) 0) text: DeHaven.  She's holding a press conference, trying to tur piss into wine -- and doing a pretty good job:
178) 3) dialog: Senator, perhaps this would be a good time for that lunch.  Will the America's Cup team be joining us?
180) 0) text: START TIGHT on Jordan's face.  Even beneath the camouflag paint, we can see her exhilaration.  PULL BACK to find he in a line of commandos boarding an IDLING C-130:  She's embarking on her first mission.  KEEP PULLING BACK until we've lost her completely -- until she's just one soldier among many, indistinguishable from the rest.