1) 2) dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa.  "Land-based maritime specialties." Gimme a second here to de-euphemize that... At the center of a dais, LILLIAN DEHAVEN leans back to ponder the ceiling of the hearing room.  Her plaque card reads "CHAIRPERSON -- SENATE ARMS COMMITTEE." DeHaven is tough-hided old Southern belle, Scarlett O'Hara at 60. In her arsenal she carries conversational hand-grenades - and she's apt to pull a pin at the slightest whim.
1) 3) dialog: Would that be anything like "typing"?  "Restocking the cupboards"?  That sort of thing, Mr. Hayes? CHUCKLES from the packed gallery.  The flag officers go stone-faced.  Hayes forces a smile.
1) 5) dialog: Well, I'm just an old dame without much time left, so you'll pardon me if I jump right in here before they discontinue my blood-type.  I am deeply concerned over the Navy's seemingly incontrovertible attitude toward women in the military.  Case in point... On cue, aides begin distributing reports to other members of the dais.  Hayes gets a copy, too.  And it jars him.
1) 6) dialog: "The Lark Report."
1) 8) dialog: (to others on panel)
1) 12) dialog: Yes, I see your signature right here -- twice the size of everyone else's.  And your conclusion was "pilot error," hmm?
1) 14) dialog: I'd like to think our next Secretary of the Navy would be prepared for anything, Mr. Hayes. A humorless smile.  She's roasting his nuts over an open fire, and everyone knows it.
1) 16) dialog: That aside for the moment, I'm struck by the tenor, the ill-spirit of your report... the degrading remarks by other aviators... innuendo about her performance in unrelated situations... even a reference to her sexual activity the weekend prior. (closing report)
2) 0) text: Heading for her office, DeHaven is escorted by a small PRESS RETINUE.
2) 1) dialog: ... a full 35 percent of all jobs in the U.S. military are still, to this day, off-limits to women.  And that's simply gotta change.
2) 3) dialog: Sure.  And we're gonna hog the bathroom, too. DEHAVEN'S AIDE catches up, pulls her aside.
2) 5) dialog: I'll act surprised.
3) 0) text: Shoes dumped on her desk, DeHaven changes out knee-high stockings while devoting one ear to...
3) 2) dialog: 'Zat it?  Ten minutes, nothin' on the table?  Sweetcakes, you best go back to the President and tell him to open up the phone book and start lookin' for his next nominee. White House #1 looks spanked.  Taking over, #2 pops a briefcase.  An inch-think report appears before DeHaven.
3) 5) dialog: Well, it's just that askin' you all to integrate the Navy is like sending a man to do a woman's job. (a beat)
3) 9) dialog: By calling women "Honorary Men." Ingenious.
12) 1) dialog: (into phone)
12) 4) dialog: (reading file)
13) 1) dialog: Lieutenant O'Neil, I am prepared to nominate you for the Navy's Special Reconnaissance program.  Should you accept, you'll ship out to Coronado next week and join in the big testosterone festival.  Complete the course, and you'll have a fast ticket to any assignment you want. That's my personal promise to you. A beat as Jordan's mind catches up to her ears.  Now INTERRCUTTING the two:
13) 3) dialog: California.
13) 5) dialog: This is just a test case, O'Neil. But if it works out -- if you work out -- it could well change the Navy's official policy on women in combat.  Or, actually, its official non-policy.  Now who's your immediate superior there?
13) 7) dialog: My office will fill him in and help expedite.  Look forward to meeting you at the proper time.  Jumping off now...
13) 9) dialog: Yes, dear.
13) 11) dialog: There'll be more to follow -- but yes, dear, right now you're the pick of a very large litter.  And your success would mean a lot.  Jumping, now... The line goes dead.  Jordan hangs up catatonically.
50) 2) dialog: (hitting like a Scud)
50) 6) dialog: -- and now I got reporters from Toadsquat, Iowa, calling my office and askin' what I know about this "G.I. Jane" thing.
50) 8) dialog: Are you truly mouthin' off to a senior member of the Senate Arms Committee?  I mean, I'll give you points for style -- just nothin' for smarts.
51) 3) dialog: Well, seein's how this thing is out, you let me handle the r.p.m.  From this point forward, I want all press matters coordinated via my office. I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna watch Hayes pull flowers out of his ass and take credit for this one. Him or the President. (aside to beautician)
51) 6) dialog: Awright.  How's our girl doin', anyway?
51) 8) dialog: Jordan, dear.  How are they treating you?
51) 11) dialog: Hmmm.  Maybe I'll ask when I see you in person.
51) 13) dialog: Gonna be visiting that all-woman's America's cup team in a few weeks -- If I were a gambler, I'd say Dennis O'Conner's days are numbered.  But they're in San Diego, so I thought I'd take a quick promenade of the base. Deafening silence.  We aren't sure who dreads the idea more -- the C.O. or Jordan.
51) 15) dialog: "Security"?  What the hell you talkin' about?  Your base isn't secure?
51) 17) dialog: Then set out the good plates, we'll all have lunch.  My office will follow up with details.  Jumping off, now... Phone goes dead.  The C.O. gives Jordan a look one might reserve for a lab technician who inadvertently unleashed Ebola upon the world.
52) 0) text: DeHaven hands the phone to her aide.  He's set up a portable office in the next barber chair.
52) 1) dialog: Think I overplayed it?
107) 0) text: Royce stops for a newspaper.  As he pays, something else catches his eye.  He picks up... A "People" magazine.  The grainy image of "G.I. Jane" fills the cover.  A photo inset, much clearer, shows a beaming DeHaven.  "BEHIND EVERY GREAT WOMAN..."
116) 0) text: DeHaven snags a BUZZING PHONE.
116) 1) dialog: Yes?
116) 4) dialog: She made it through S.E.R.E. training.  Got a call this morning from --
135) 0) text: Jordan and Royce move quickly down a corridor, eyes hunting, passing CAPITOL GUIDES and their tourists.  Soon they find... DeHaven's office.  A Navy captain exits with paperwork. Hasty salutes.
137) 0) text: ... and through a door marked "Naval Appropriation Liaiso Office."  It's not 30 seconds from DeHaven's door.
139) 0) text: On the chamber floor, SENATORS mull about, consulting aides, polling party mates.  PAGES place microphones and fill the ceremonial snuff boxes, readying the room for session.  Among the activity, we find... DeHaven.  Caucusing with another Democrat.
139) 4) dialog: Cloak room.  I'll meet her there. Just her.
140) 0) text: Towering doors swing open.  DeHaven appears, face pleasan but harried.
140) 1) dialog: Jordan.  I always hoped we'd get together -- though just now I'm gearing up for a child-care vote that --
140) 4) dialog: Sounds familiar.
140) 6) dialog: Jordan.  Might we do this over lunch tomorrow?  I do very much want to talk, but now is scarcely --
140) 8) dialog: Absolutely not. DeHaven glances back at the doors to the Senate chamber - the open doors.  Walking Jordan a few steps away:
140) 9) dialog: Wickwire was there to help.  To be my eyes on the inside, to make sure you were getting a fair shot.  At least that was the intent.
140) 11) dialog: Should probably ask him that.
140) 14) dialog: Two seconds, Walter. (answering Jordan)
140) 17) dialog: What he did was light the bandwagon on fire.  Because he knows what I know -- that American families are not prepared to put their daughters in harm's way.
140) 19) dialog: In face, I do:  Roper, Harris, Gallop -- they all come back the same.
140) 21) dialog: I'm saying it's not going to happen. Not when the President is set to turn this into a third-rail issue should I choose to ever campaign against him.  He will fry me six ways to Sunday for sending daughters and young mothers off to war -- and, quite possibly, for bringing them back in body bags. Jordan shakes her head in disbelief.  She has met the enemy -- and she is us.
140) 23) dialog: Jordan.  I don't expect you to fully understand this -- but sometimes there's more to be gained from the fight than the victory.
140) 25) dialog: The reality is this:  We send far too many men off to war.  I don't need to compound the problem with women. (off Jordan's look)
140) 29) dialog: Just hold the goddamn clock, Walter. Not happy about it, the doorkeeper reaches into an alcove grabs a broom he keeps around for just these occasions. He enters the chamber...
142) 1) dialog: I once promised you a fast ticket, Jordan, and I always meant to make good on that.  Come work for me.  I can always use a hard-charger on my team.
142) 3) dialog: I've had no direct communication with him since this whole thing began.  And that's quite verifiable.
142) 5) dialog: You'll think about my offer?
142) 7) dialog: Well, I spoke with Mr. Hayes this morning myself -- and told him the deal was off.  No more test cases. He was only too happy to oblige. (dangerously low)
142) 11) dialog: I'll call you in a few days. She flashes a winning smile and turns away.  As the chamber doors start to close behind her:
178) 0) text: DeHaven.  She's holding a press conference, trying to tur piss into wine -- and doing a pretty good job:
178) 1) dialog: ... of course, we always prefer peace to war.  But if we're going to war, give women a piece.  Give them the choice to defend their country. And if the President doesn't like that idea -- if he wants to continue to deny women their equal rights -- then I'll be happy to step out back with him any time, anywhere... Jordan approaches.  Spotting her, the PRESS PLEADS for a photo-op with both women.
178) 2) dialog: Jordan?  Jordan, dear... Letting silence be the ultimate expression of scorn, Jordan walks right past DeHaven... And joins Royce.  Together they turn and leave.