1) 0) text: Crewman EPPS (29), wearing a life vest and tool belt, jum down into the darkness. She stands in a great hollow cave oily, wet, resonant with the sound of creaking, rusty ste and WATER MOVING OVER ITS HULL on the other side.
2) 0) text: Epps comes to a low point in the darkness, shining her li on a lake of salt water sloshing against the bulkhead. Sh kneels. As the water sloshes back she sees that it is lea in through the seams in the steel plate of the hull.
3) 0) text: Epps pulls herself onto the deck from below. She stands o rusting 5000 ton tank barge being pulled in the open ocea by a brawny marine tug at the end of a 150 foot tow cable It is a typical summer day in the southern Bering Sea, wh means a healthy chop and a stiff cold breeze out of the n west.  She closes the hatch behind her and makes her way  forward.
4) 0) text: Up ahead, the tug pulls steadily, grey-black clouds of di smoke rising from its massive turbine vents. Epps cinches and checks her body harness, focused and  professional. The product of a rocky childhood in the Pac Northwest and a few years of hard living, she's found her true calling now. And under some grime, several polypro s and a pair of orange men's Insulite pants she might even considered pretty. She clips her harness into the tow cable where it attache to a heavy pair of eye cleats at the bow. She climbs onto the cable, hanging out over the water as it breaks on the bow beneath her. She pulls herself forward on a roller be that fits over the width of the cable and starts off towa the tug at the other end.
5) 0) text: DODGE and GREER look on from the stern, where the boat's  name "Arctic Warrior" is emblazoned on the transom. Dodge (37), scruffy chief engineer, wearing de rigueur greasy  coveralls and nicotine stained fingers, is an expatriate  Texan and former merchant marine. GREER (42), is the boat first mate, African American, originally from some swelte red-neck hellhole, now a tug pilot intentionally well to north. They watch as Epps pulls herself toward them, the cable  occasionally dipping a few feet with a spray of water as passing swell slackens it. Epps pulls herself to the ster where the cable winds into a tow anchor.
5) 1) dialog: It's a slow leak. She unclips and drops to the deck.
5) 3) dialog: Maybe twenty gallons an hour.
5) 5) dialog: Amidships starboard at the beam.   Just under the waterline. I don't  think it's a problem.
6) 3) text: Go. Murphy turns back to see Greer, Epps, and Dodge looking u at him from the stern.
9) 0) text: A smaller harbor tug helps the Arctic Warrior jockey the  listing barge to the dock as Epps and Dodge jump off to t her up.
14) 0) text: A typical port town bar. Except this one is on an island the middle of the Bering Sea. Epps lines up a shot at the pool table as a couple of SEAMEN check out her ass and a  tattoo of Wiley Coyote poking out of her pants. Greer rea a paper near-by. Murphy enters, crossing to the bar where Dodge nurses a b and a cigarette. Murphy throws down an envelope with Dodg name on it. Dodge picks it up, thumbs through a thick sta of hundreds.
15) 0) text: The place is a little more crowded now as Epps pushes her way through to the bar, a cigarette dangling from her mou She buys two beers and pays the BARTENDER from her envelo of cash. She takes the beers back to the far wall where a young off-duty COASTGUARDSMAN stands. He takes one, they  laugh.
15) 10) dialog: I don't know what you're talking  about. I just bought this guy a beer.
15) 14) dialog: (starting off)
15) 32) text: Come on, Candy. Let's get out of  here. The Coastguardsman takes her by the hand. Epps looks to M and the others as he leads her out.
16) 0) text: Murphy, Greer, and Dodge ready the tug to leave as Epps  approaches on the dock. She jumps down onto the deck, a s in her step and a song in her heart.
16) 1) dialog: Morning everybody.
16) 3) dialog: Showed him a hell of a lot more than  that.
16) 6) dialog: It's my pen name.
19) 0) text: Dodge and Epps play cards at the galley table.
19) 2) dialog: One more?
19) 5) dialog: What?
19) 7) dialog: (finally)
19) 10) dialog: Maureen.
19) 12) dialog: What's yours? Dodge takes a drag from his cigarette, thinking about it.
19) 14) dialog: Roger?
19) 17) dialog: (lying)
23) 7) dialog: Could be a fishing boat.
25) 0) text: CLOSE ON RADAR DISPLAY as the phantom point flashes close Murphy looks on as Greer pilots, Dodge and Epps watching.
32) 0) text: Epps and Murphy, in heavy parkas, climb a hydraulic deck  crane up to the Chimera as Dodge man's the controls again the movement of the water.
33) 0) text: Greer holds the tug steady as Epps and Murphy can be seen making their way up under the floodlights.
35) 0) text: Murphy and Epps move cautiously along, shining their ligh as they go. Despite the omnipresent corrosion, everything seems to be in order. The decks are clear and there is no apparent damage. They come to a hatchway. Epps shines her light down the darkened passage. Murphy moves in.
36) 0) text: Murphy and Epps move down the passageway. Even the walls here are rusted. They come to a flight of stairs.
38) 0) text: Murphy and Epps climb the darkened stairway.
40) 0) text: Murphy and Epps stand at the top of a stairway, looking o an immense ballroom. Murphy raises his radio.
41) 0) text: Epps and Murphy climb down the deck crane as Greer and Do meet them at the bottom.
42) 0) text: Dodge, Epps, Greer and Murphy sit around the galley table
42) 2) dialog: Out here? What, so a seven hundred  foot passenger liner drifted out of  Spokane harbor and nobody managed to  bump into her until now?
42) 17) dialog: Go on.
42) 19) text: What I'm proposing is... we split it  four ways. A beat. Dodge looks to Epps and Greer.
45) 0) text: Dodge, Epps, Murphy and Greer are standing on the stern o the boat under the power winch.
45) 6) dialog: Supposing one of those cables breaks  under tow.
46) 3) dialog: Bring it on, dude. Dodge disappears from the hole and his hand comes back wi a smaller pilot cable, which Epps takes and threads throu the loop at the end of the tow cable. She places the end the pilot cable in a vice collar and uses a wrench to tig it down, with the effect of joining the two cables.
46) 4) dialog: 
46) 7) text: Hit it! Epps reaches over and unhinges the crane hook and the tow cable explosively drops, banging loudly against the Chime hull with a shower of black rust.
48) 0) text: The tow cable creates a spray of rust and smoke as it spi out of the anchor alley before Epps.
50) 0) text: The last of the cable explosively whips out of the anchor alley in front of Epps and splashes in the water below. A beat as she holds there.
50) 1) dialog: Dodge? You alright?
52) 0) text: Two tow cables extend from the Chimera's anchor alleys do into the water and come up again from the water to the to anchor on the tug's stern. Dodge looks on as Greer and Epps stand by. He raises his  walkie.
54) 0) text: The tug moves slowly away from the Chimera as Epps, Greer and Dodge look on.
56) 0) text: Dodge, Epps and Greer look on as the tow cables begin to  rise in their wake.
60) 0) text: The turbines grow louder as Greer, Epps, and Dodge look o at the Chimera behind them, the massive tow cables bowing under their own weight.
63) 0) text: The tug is kicking up a foaming wake as it pulls the Chim along behind it. Dodge lets out a hoot, exchanging high f with Epps and Greer.
65) 8) dialog: They must've scuttled it. Nobody  just lets a ship float away.
65) 10) dialog: Ever heard of insurance, big boy?
70) 0) text: Dodge pulls open the door. The place is thick with smoke he makes his way to the turbine gauges, Epps and Murphy  behind. Dodge opens the number one turbine cover, looks  inside.
71) 0) text: Greer, Dodge, Epps, and Murphy confer on the deck.
74) 3) dialog: Check this out.
74) 5) dialog: Everything's still here. Ticket  records, receipts, books of account. Greer picks one up.
75) 0) text: Murphy, Epps, and Greer top a staircase out onto a long,  darkened corridor. They move down. Some of the doors are  open, faint light from port holes showing small cabins wi beds, desks, a few chairs.
76) 0) text: Murphy, Epps, and Greer come to a hatchway marked "BRIDGE
77) 0) text: The forward windows show the expanse of the ocean before  them and the rusting foredeck about 150 feet below. Light from the windows illuminates the bridge as Murphy, Greer Epps look around. Despite a little corrosion and a layer dirt, everything seems in its place.
77) 2) text: I'd sure like to get my hands on the  general log. Epps steps up to the wall, where several framed photos ha
77) 4) dialog: Looks like one hell of a stick up  his ass.
80) 0) text: Through the pilothouse windows, the hull of the Chimera  disappears into the darkness beyond the tug's work lights Murphy sits at the chart table as Epps steps in.
80) 1) dialog: Coffee?
80) 4) dialog: (taking a seat)
80) 8) dialog: She was sailing up north, right?
80) 10) dialog: Well, suppose she got a little further  north than she should have.  Got  stuck in the ice. The passengers and  crew evacuated. She froze into the  ice pack, which moved further north,  where it froze in solid. They write  it off. Fifty years later, the whole  global warming thing happens. The  ice melts, she gets loose and floats  around til somebody runs into her. Murphy nods, considering it.
80) 13) dialog: Nope.
80) 15) dialog: So what did happen?
80) 17) dialog: You think she's sailing without a  crew? Murphy looks out at the Chimera off the bow.
80) 19) dialog: You're more practical than  superstitious.
82) 17) dialog: If this thing turns out to be a ship  everybody thought sank a long time  ago, we just hit the jackpot.
86) 0) text: Epps steps from a passageway into a large public room. Ta and chairs are scattered haphazardly, light falling in fr windows along the wall where tattered curtains hang. She  walks on. A pair of empty glasses sit on a table, an empty sherry  decanter beside them. An ashtray sits beside that. Epps s reaching down. She pulls back a half-smoked cigarette,  lipstick smudging the end, yellowing and fragile from tim And, as she stands there, we see a FIGURE, IN MURKY  SILHOUETTE, MOVE PAST THE DOORWAY IN THE BACKGROUND. In a instant it is there and gone. She puts down the cigarette, having sensed a presence. Sh turns to the doorway across the room, but there is nothin to be seen now.
87) 0) text: A doll's white face, eyes haunting and coldly blue, stare into the middle distance. It lies on a love seat as Epps  steps up. She lifts it. Several other toys lie scattered  about as she studies it, when the sound of a TICKING CLOC CAN BE HEARD. A beat as Epps holds there. She turns, trying to locate t sound. From across the room, Epps stands, listening. As t TICKING CLOCK sounds from here. She turns, putting down t doll, holding a beat. She approaches, crossing the room,  coming finally to a stop before us and what we come to se is an ancient grandfather clock. All but it's minute hand has fallen off its corroded face but from inside it emits a weak though steady TICKING. Epps stands there as the clock ticks, looking on, when th TICKING CEASES. A beat as she holds there, as the clock f her, now silent.
88) 0) text: Epps shines her light in the darkness as she comes to a d where daylight falls from a small port. She looks through it.
89) 0) text: Epps stands in a white tiled room. Light falls from port  holes high in the wall. Running its length is a small swi pool, it's rusted fixtures and stained surface creating  bizarre patterns.
90) 0) text: Epps comes to a row of changing stalls. Old clothing hang there, unused for fifty years. A pair of woman's shoes li on the floor.
91) 0) text: Epps moves along, passing through a doorway into
92) 0) text: Epps enters another room scattered with old exercise equi circa 1950, a wooden rowing machine, barbells and a medic ball. She steps up to the wall, where pictures hang. The Chimer can be seen in better days, sailing full speed on a calm  sea.
93) 0) text: Epps jumps down to a lower deck. She shines her light up see that she is in an engine compartment, showing a massi diesel burner. She passes through into another compartmen where the giant pistons of the ship's power plant rise up the ceiling.
94) 0) text: Epps moves, passing still more diesel burners, towering o her in the cavernous space. She moves into a narrowing  passage, piping and machinery ducts winding their way int the depths of the ship. Finally the passage opens into yet another compartment,  apparently a cargo hold. Crates and boxes are stacked on  loading palettes. In the corner, a rotting canvas drape covers something. E comes to it. She lifts the canvas, which crumbles away to reveal a 1951 Ferrari sportster. For the exception of a c of dust and a small amount of corrosion, it is perfectly  preserved. Mail bags lie in piles along the wall, stacked between mo wooden crates and palettes, when something catches Epps'  eye. A heavy, metal door in the wall is twisted on it's hinges as though blown back from some terrific explosive force. Epps approaches, coming to the twisted door. She shines h light inside. A clutter of debris, shelving and wood, are visible in th shadows, when her light catches a glint of something. She swings her light back, revealing a yellowish bright objec between broken wood slats. Epps steps in. She kneels, shining the light closer. The  yellow glint is metal. Epps pulls back a slat, sliding aw some of the debris to reveal that it is cast from a kilog ingot of gold. She reaches out. She raises it, completely untouched by t years. She pulls back still more debris, revealing a stac of gold ingots, some having tumbled to the side. She slid away a large trunk that has fallen, pushing off more junk see that the stack is much larger, perhaps four feet high and five feet across. A beat as Epps stands there, looking on at $50,000,000 in gold.
95) 7) dialog: That's a lot of money for somebody  to just let float away. Murphy looks up at her from the gold.
95) 14) dialog: Maybe they didn't want it back.   Maybe the whole fat deal was insured.
95) 17) dialog: And it looks like somebody got here  before us too. The steel hatch is twisted, as from a great hand ripping back from the wall.
95) 21) dialog: You mean, before she sank.
96) 0) text: After dinner, Murphy, Greer, Dodge and Epps sit around th galley table.
96) 2) dialog: Probably didn't have time.
96) 16) dialog: Why not call for help?
96) 19) dialog: Or uninvited guests.
98) 0) text: Epps finishes stacking the gold ingots in a cleared space beyond the twisted hatch.
98) 4) dialog: That's what I call a payday.
104) 0) text: Greer and Epps run to the side to see billowing smoke ris from the Arctic Warrior as Murphy climbs down the crane t the deck.
107) 7) dialog: This's gonna hurt a little.
107) 12) dialog: What other choices have we got?
109) 0) text: Dodge pours out a few cans of cold chili into a bowl and  takes it to the table where Epps, Greer, and Murphy sit u the stark light of a gas lantern.
109) 5) dialog: Guess I'll just keep working.
109) 7) dialog: I like my job.
109) 12) dialog: That's a good thing?
110) 0) text: Dodge, Epps, Murphy and Greer emerge on deck. The DISTANT SHRIEKING IS LOUDER HERE, BUT SEEMS TO BE  EMANATING FROM DEEP IN THE SHIP as they stand facing it o the bow.
110) 1) dialog: It's coming from inside. They hold there listening as the SHRIEKING CONTINUES.
113) 0) text: Epps slowly pushes open the door. She holds a sack with a few items she's managed to scavenge. Light falls from  curtained windows onto the room. A divan sits against the wall. A table stands in the middle of the room, a moth-ea velvet table cloth sitting under a brass lamp on top. Two twin beds stand on either side. They are covered in dust are moth-eaten, unmade, as if the occupants had just gott up, fifty years ago. In one corner is an armoire. Epps steps up to it, pulling back the door to reveal a rack of woman's clothing hangin there undisturbed.
114) 0) text: A pair of slippers lie on the floor beside a chair, over  which is draped a woman's robe. Epps lifts it, the materi crumbling in her hands.
115) 0) text: A drawer comes back to reveal a number of personal affect a man's billfold, cuff links, tarnished silver cigarette  holder and case, coins, black horn-rimmed glasses, pocket watch and fob, and a room key. Epps pulls back the billfold. She opens it. Inside she fi a Canadian passport a picture of a dark-haired man with a mustache and black horn-rimmed glasses, circa 1950. In th folds she finds three hundred Canadian dollars. An insert holds pictures, of a suburban home, children, and a woman presumably his wife.
116) 0) text: Epps steps from the room. She turns to close the door, bu stops, holding there, strongly sensing something. THE CAMERA SLOWLY COMES AROUND TO HER OTHER SIDE, reveali the long passageway behind her, each bulkhead hatchway  creating the impression of a tunnel of mirrors that frame one another and, standing at the very end of this tunnel the foggy light from a porthole, a MAN in dark clothing. Epps slowly turns her head to see what she already senses the man standing at the end of the passageway facing her. beat as they hold there. The man only stares back at her, then turns to walk away.
116) 1) dialog: Hey! Epps moves off as the man walks around the corner.
116) 2) dialog: Hey, wait a minute! Hey! MOVING WITH Epps as she breaks into a run, going down the passageway. She comes to the corner, rounding it out onto another passageway. The man is nowhere to be seen. Epps moves quickly down the passageway, coming to the nex corner, rounding it out to see only another long passagew She turns back, running right into Murphy.
116) 4) dialog: Did you see him?
116) 6) dialog: The guy. He just came this way.
116) 8) dialog: There's somebody else on this boat.
116) 10) dialog: I saw him. Just a minute ago. Some  guy.
116) 12) dialog: Of course I'm sure. I saw him.
116) 14) dialog: It wasn't you. It was somebody else.  There's somebody else aboard. A beat as Murphy looks back at her.
117) 0) text: Greer, Dodge, Murphy, and Epps stand around by lantern li
117) 2) dialog: I'm telling you, I saw somebody. I  don't know who it was. But I saw  somebody.
117) 4) dialog: Maybe six feet. Lanky. I didn't get  a good look. He was far away. But I  saw him. I saw him as sure as you're  standing there.
117) 7) dialog: Maybe that is his boat.
117) 12) dialog: So, we find this guy and make a deal  with him.
117) 18) dialog: So we kill him?
117) 24) dialog: Maybe he isn't alone. They consider this a moment.
117) 30) dialog: Guess that'd be me. Again.
117) 34) dialog: Say we run into this guy again. A beat as they consider this.
118) 0) text: Epps is dressed in her cold weather gear as she opens a  locker, revealing a flare gun and a shotgun. Epps pulls b the shotgun and a box of shells.
119) 0) text: Murphy and Dodge look on as Epps loads the last of severa shotgun shells into the pump action short barrel 12-gauge She expertly shuttles a round into the chamber with one h Dodge takes a hit from his cigarette as Greer crosses fro the deck house.
119) 2) dialog: (setting the safety)
119) 5) dialog: No cowboy shit. Right. Greer extends a thermos to Epps.
119) 7) dialog: (pocketing it in her  coat)
119) 10) dialog: Yup.
119) 12) dialog: Oh yeah. Her bravado does little to hide her apprehension as she s the shotgun on her back.
119) 13) dialog: See you boys later. (to Greer)
120) 0) text: A flashlight beam cuts through the darkness as Epps  approaches. If this place is creepy in the daylight, it i terrifying now. She comes to a ladder and climbs down.
121) 0) text: Epps shines her light as she passes through, coming to th cargo hold. She crosses in the darkness, her light catchi the tarnished glint of the gold. She comes up to it, stop there, looking on at it, a perfectly symmetrical fortune. She looks around for a place to sit. She drags a palette the bulkhead, settling in to face the rest of the compart She puts her shotgun down beside her and takes out her th to pour herself a cup of coffee.
122) 0) text: Epps has dozed off when a CLATTERING ECHOES DISTANTLY  somewhere in the ship. Epps wakes. It is silent, as she h there, not sure she heard anything, when a DISTANT BOOMIN SOUNDS. She reaches out for the shotgun, intently listeni As Epps holds there, another deep BOOMING sounds distantl somewhere. Epps turns, her blood running cold.
123) 0) text: Epps moves along in the darkness when the DISTANT BOOMING CAN BE HEARD BRIEFLY AGAIN. She stops, holding there, in silence.
124) 0) text: Epps jumps down into the shaft alley where the ship's mas propeller shaft hangs suspended above her. Epps moves alo Finally she comes out into...
125) 0) text: Where the propeller shaft extends into a large turbine. S continues on, past huge rusting diesel burners, disappear into the darkness above her, when ANOTHER BOOM SOUNDS. She turns, shinning her light back from where she came.   Nothing moves. Not a sound, but for her breathing and may her heart pounding in her chest. ANOTHER BOOM SOUNDS, aga echoing distantly in the silence. She shines her light th the line of burners. Nothing moves. Epps moves quietly between the burners. She comes to a ma watertight door at the bulkhead. She steps through, findi herself standing between a row of huge oil storage tanks. THE BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN, closer, as suddenly stopping. She moves on, cautiously walking between the tanks, holdi her light out before her. She comes to the end of the  compartment and another bulkhead. The BOOMING SOUNDS, sti closer. She turns the light into the recesses, showing ru machinery and a stack of oil drums. She approaches, holding the shotgun up. As she nears, the BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN. She stops. It is coming from here. She tenses, raising the shotgun, holding the light as ste as she can manage. The BOOMING SOUNDS YET AGAIN. It is  metallic and staccato. She stops in the corner beside an oil drum. Several drums have toppled and lie scattered in a pile when a draft sti her hair. She shines her light up to see that she stands the bottom of a giant hatchway shaft rising all the way  through the ship to the top deck and an echoey breeze tha betrays a throughway to the outside. The BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN, this time coming from the pile oil drums. She steps closer, raising the shotgun, ready t fire. A beat as she summons her courage, then reaches out push a drum with her foot, when A BLUR EXPLODES OUT AT HE She fires the shotgun and a spray of buckshot glances off the steel bulkhead in a shower of sparks, a flurry of fre flapping whizzing by her head as she looks up to see a la albatross flying back up the hatchway shaft toward the to of the ship and freedom.
125) 3) dialog: (taking her radio)
125) 4) text: Epps.
125) 6) dialog: Yeah. Just a bird. Just a stupid  bird. She wipes her brow on her sleeve, holding there a moment, when she smells something really awful. She steps forward, following the smell, pushing aside the toppled oil drums to see an unidentifiable form in the be of her flashlight. She steps still closer, training her l on the form to see that it is a human torso.  A large gas runs up its middle and the clothing has been torn by  scavenging birds. She hesitates, then steps still closer when she steps on  something. She starts, then shines the light on the deck front of her where the body's decaying head looks back wi wide, unseeing eyes. It takes everything she has just to hold there. She shine her light back to the headless torso. She shines her light beyond that, and up, to reveal a ben steam pipe hanging out over the deck, stained with dried  blood, a pair of legs dangling from the pipe when, just b her, a booted foot comes into frame, lightly touching her She spins around to see another body above her. Except th one hangs in one piece, suspended from another bent steam pipe. It has been impaled length-wise on the pipe from re to mouth. One of its arms has rotted off and lies on the deck below it.  A few feet away, a third body hangs impaled from ano bent pipe.
126) 11) dialog: Because of the gold.
126) 16) dialog: So, what? We report this? Call the  Coastguard? Another beat as they hold there.
128) 0) text: Epps sleeps in her bunk.
138) 2) dialog: Hard to say.
138) 4) dialog: I'm no doctor. But I'd say he's in a  coma.
138) 6) dialog: I don't know what else you'd call  it. He's breathing on his own, but  his pupils are completely blown out.  He's totally unresponsive to pain. (a beat)
138) 10) dialog: Other than the obvious, there's  nothing wrong with him that I can  see, not on the outside.
138) 13) dialog: Greer?
138) 17) dialog: (looking to Greer)
140) 0) text: Greer lies unconscious as Epps looks on at him. The door  comes open and Murphy steps in.
140) 2) dialog: Same. Any luck?
141) 0) text: Murphy and Epps sit at the galley table. Epps reads the l book Murphy found in the radio room.
141) 1) dialog: (reading it)
141) 7) dialog: You're saying they mutinied for the  gold?
141) 9) dialog: Only something must've gone wrong.
145) 20) dialog: Murphy. They turn to see Epps in the hatchway.
145) 21) dialog: It's Greer.
146) 5) dialog: Any dizziness?
146) 7) dialog: Headache, nausea, lights?
146) 9) dialog: Sudden flashes of light.
146) 14) dialog: Try Wednesday.
146) 26) dialog: What?
146) 29) dialog: But, who -- ?
146) 31) dialog: Did you?
147) 0) text: Epps and Murphy, carrying the shotgun, make their way in ship.
150) 2) dialog: Murphy. Murphy steps over as she pages through the log book to th very end. The last pages have been ripped out.
150) 3) dialog: Looks like part of the general log. Epps points to a page that has been incompletely ripped o
150) 4) dialog: "The crew have gone mad with greed  and fight among themselves like wild  dogs over fresh kill."
150) 6) dialog: The same day she supposedly went  down.
150) 8) dialog: "Their lacking diligence has  undoubtedly caused the collision.   Distress calls have been made."
150) 10) dialog: The page's missing. Then their SOS  was real.
150) 12) dialog: Maybe the other ship took the worst  of it.
151) 0) text: Murphy and Epps jump from the deck crane as the tug is  starting to list to one side. He crosses to the deck hous and the open engine room hatch to see that it is rapidly  filling with seawater as Greer and Dodge scramble to set pump hose over the DIN OF THE PUMPS.
152) 0) text: The tug is listing radically to the side, its deck awash  with seawater, as Epps, Greer, and Murphy scramble with t gear to the crane. Water is starting to pour out of the deckhouse hatch as t towering framework rising over the pilothouse stabs  precariously at the bow of the Chimera. Murphy stops to shout back at the deckhouse.
154) 0) text: Epps pulls herself up onto the deck, Greer following behi then Murphy. Dodge can be seen stepping from the deckhouse on the tug, which now lists at a near 45 degree angle.
155) 5) dialog: It's a good bet they'll be asking a  lot of questions when they get here  too.
156) 0) text: A fire burns in an oil drum as Epps, Murphy, Dodge and Gr sit around it in silence.
157) 0) text: Epps steps in. She shines her light on the room. It is ex as it was left. She crosses to the bed, shining her light under it. She sits down, trying it.
162) 0) text: Epps scavenges for food in the semi-darkness of the large open galley, when a MOVEMENT CAN BE HEARD SOMEWHERE BEYON THE ENTRY separating the galley from the outer passageway
162) 1) dialog: Murphy? No one answers. She looks off across the stillness of the galley. Nothing.
163) 0) text: Epps steps into the passageway. Directly across is the en to the swimming pool. She walks on.
164) 0) text: Epps steps in. Light falls in from the dirty port holes a the ceiling, every movement echoing off the hard tile wal She holds there a beat, then turns to go when she sees a  GIRL of about 16 facing her on the other side of the pool Epps holds there, as the girl only looks back. She is  porcelain white, flaxen hair drawn behind her head, her  clothing hanging loosely from a frail body.
164) 2) dialog: (finally)
164) 5) dialog: But -- A HATCH CLOSES SOMEWHERE IN THE SHIP. Epps turns to look. When she turns back the girl is gone. A quiet "TICK" SOUN ECHOES in the pool. She looks down to see that the pool i now very, very deep, like a mine shaft falling away into depths. And, as she stands there, dark water is quickly r up from the bottom. She steps back as the water gradually fills the pool to t top. It is very dark and the bottom is indiscernible, whe the water begins to churn, as from bubbles of air reachin the surface. Epps steps closer, looking on as a faint red glow can be seen deep in the water below the churning bub As she watches, the red glow grows in intensity. The glow spreads, illuminating a broad area until it becomes clear that the water is not water at all but blood. And, as the light grows still brighter, a figure is  illuminated, well below the surface as it seems to rise u Epps looks on as the figure rises higher into the light. is a MAN, fighting desperately to reach the surface. The  bubbles that rise up are produced from his silent screams Epps starts forward, but another figure rises to the same point, a WOMAN, also struggling. Another MAN floats up, t another, and another, people floating up, fighting desper to reach the surface, unable to do so, drowning in blood.
164) 6) dialog: My God.... Epps reaches out over the edge, plunging her hand into th blood, reaching for the man's hand, but they are too far  apart. She struggles desperately as the man fights to get to the surface. The others are fighting for the surface too, as Epps reac out, near tears, helpless to do anything.
164) 7) dialog: No!! Everything suddenly stops. A beat as Epps only holds ther The blood is gone, as are the people. The pool is back to its normal state as though nothing had happened, Epps loo on in disbelief.
164) 9) dialog: Yeah. (looking back to the  pool)
165) 0) text: Greer, Murphy, Dodge, and Epps sit on deck around the fir
165) 7) dialog: (snuffing it out)
168) 0) text: A file drawer comes open, revealing ticket receipts. Epps looks on at it. The receipts are labeled "FULL FARE  PASSAGES" and are divided by first, second, and third cla She goes through them, coming to a section that says 
170) 0) text: Dodge quickly ties a loop in a coil of docking line as Gr Epps, and Murphy look on at the approaching buoy.
170) 6) dialog: Higher. You're gonna miss it. Murphy holds the loop steady.
170) 15) dialog: It's not gonna hold us.
171) 0) text: Murphy stands watch by the fire as Epps joins him.
171) 1) dialog: Hey.
171) 3) dialog: Couldn't sleep.
171) 5) dialog: What do you think happened on this  boat?
171) 7) dialog: The what?
171) 10) dialog: Are we smart enough to avoid that?
171) 12) dialog: When you found me yesterday, at the  pool. I'd seen... something.  Someone.
171) 14) dialog: No. Someone else. A girl. (hesitating, a beat)
171) 18) dialog: I don't know what else you'd call  her. One second she was there, the  next she was gone. Another beat as he looks on at her.
171) 19) dialog: And I had a kind of hallucination. (a beat)
171) 21) dialog: Maybe hallucination is the wrong  word. It was more than that. As though  they were showing me.
171) 23) dialog: What happened.
171) 25) dialog: No. I think they are, were, just  passengers. Innocent victims.
171) 27) dialog: Something bad happened here, Murphy.
171) 29) dialog: More than just a mutiny. More than  just the gold. A beat as he holds there.
171) 30) dialog: She said the ship was evil. That we  had to leave right away. That if we  didn't, we might never leave.
171) 32) dialog: I don't know. A beat as she looks back.
171) 34) dialog: Just lucky I guess. Another beat as he holds on her.
172) 0) text: Epps comes to the 2nd officer's door, knocks.
172) 1) dialog: Dodge. (no answer, knocking  again)
172) 5) dialog: Get up.
173) 0) text: Epps sits down on the bed. She lies back, not sleepy. A b as she holds there in the darkness.
181) 0) text: Epps shines her light on something.
181) 1) dialog: Check it out. Greer raises his light to reveal rows of canned goods. Th are industrial sized cans, from the 1950s. Greer takes on
181) 3) dialog: Better than starving to death. Epps' radio CRACKLES AWAKE.
181) 5) dialog: (raising the radio)
181) 6) text: Epps, over.
181) 8) dialog: Nope.
182) 0) text: Dodge's stuff is laid out under the shelter of a vent duc as Greer, Epps, and Murphy stand over it. A blanket, a pi and a plastic jug of water are all that remain.
183) 0) text: Greer and Epps move along as Murphy raises his radio.
185) 0) text: Epps moves cautiously along in the darkness.
185) 2) dialog: Right here.
186) 0) text: Epps jumps down, shining her light over machinery and acr bulkheads when a WHISPERING CAN BE HEARD somewhere. She h there, listening. It is echoey, distant.
186) 1) dialog: Murphy? No response as Epps holds there. The WHISPERING SOUNDS AG far off, unintelligible. It stops. She moves on, shinning her light.
187) 0) text: Epps moves along in the darkness, holding the flashlight  before her, when the WHISPERING SOUNDS AGAIN. Epps stops, holding there in the silence. She reaches for her radio. The WHISPERING SOUNDS AGAIN. Epps turns to pin it, coming from somewhere in the cavernous space.
188) 0) text: Epps passes under a catwalk. She moves on, passing a row standpipes. Epps stops, listening. Somewhere, the WHISPER CAN BE HEARD, then stops. It is absolutely silent. In the darkness behind her, the  GIRL (KATIE) PULLS BACK INTO THE SHADOWS. Epps holds there a beat, then turns, running into Greer w a start.
188) 3) dialog: Yeah. Fine. I just thought I heard  something is all.
188) 5) dialog: Nothing. Let's get outa here. They start to leave, when Epps notices something. She sto Beyond the standpipes, a faint glow can be seen in the  darkness. Epps steps forward, crossing to it. Greer follo
188) 6) dialog: As Epps approaches, Greer behind her. The light is dim an low to the deck. She stops.
189) 0) text: Epps and Greer move along, shining their lights as they g when something catches in the beam of Epps' flashlight. It is Dodge's radio. They stop over it. Epps picks it up, inspecting it. She looks to Greer, when a single dark spo appears on Epps' cheek. It begins to run, a crimson tear. She raises her hand to touch it, inspecting her finger to see that it is blood. She looks to Greer. They both look up to see, hanging  suspended above them, Dodge's face staring back down at t from the darkness. He has been imperfectly impaled, the sharp point of a hig pressure steam pipe protruding from his neck, head hangin limp beside it.
190) 0) text: Greer and Murphy lower Dodge's body on a rope as Epps gui it to the deck. They stand looking on at it a moment.
190) 4) dialog: What do we do with him?
190) 12) dialog: I can't believe you. Dodge's dead  and all you can think about is cashing  in your share.
191) 0) text: Epps enters the dim passageway from the bright daylight. moves down the passage, coming finally to the stateroom w Greer was found, room 400. She holds there a beat, then reaches for the door, hesita She opens it.
192) 0) text: The door comes open and Epps steps in. It is dark, though spacious. It is divided into two rooms. Beyond the sittin room in the front, is a bedroom. Epps steps in. A dressing table sits against the far wall A large bed is unmade. Suitcases lie open on stands at th foot of the bed, still half full as if they were in the  process of being unpacked. From one, she pulls back a woman's gown, a blouse. The ot contains shirts, trousers, socks, and underwear. Across the room a smaller suitcase can be seen lying open an Ottoman in the corner. Epps crosses to it. She finds a few shirts, and a red print dress, some books. She takes of the books, opening it. Inscribed on the inside of the cover is: "This book belon to:" and then written in by hand: "Katie Nichols." A page is marked with a purple ribbon. She opens it to se children's poem "The Rooster and the Crow" and a drawing a rooster and a crow and a stanza of a poem: "'Cock-a-doo doo,' said the rooster to the crow. 'Where are you now? I know, but won't say so.'" She puts it down. A tin penny  whistle sits on the table. She picks it up, examining it. She opens a small picture book, thumbing through to see p of a family, a young mother and father at the beach, the  mother and a girl of about 9 years, the girl and an older girl of about 16, the girl she saw at the swimming pool,  KATIE. Epps holds on this picture, when A MUSIC BOX SOUND She looks up to the dressing table. On it a music box slo plays "Daisy."
192) 2) dialog: Greer? He does not hear her as he stands there. She approaches,  stepping up.
192) 3) dialog: You okay? Another beat, as he looks off, into the light, when he sl turns to see her. A long beat as she looks back. He holds there, the same e look about him, when he grabs her by the throat and squee hard. She is stunned, breathless, but raises her hands to grip wrists, fighting him.
192) 4) dialog: Greer! His grip tightens. He is much stronger and her efforts ma little difference.
192) 5) dialog: Let go! She hangs on, starting to choke. She drops one hand, sear with it.
192) 7) dialog: (into radio)
192) 8) text: Murphy! I'm on C deck, cabin 400!   Get down here now!! Blood is running down his face as Greer comes for her aga She throws down the radio. A bed stands between them. She feints right, then left. H dazed and has blood in his eyes. She manages to slip by, he dives, taking her down. He drags her back along the floor, spinning her around. H raises a fist to ram into her face when WHAM! Epps has shoved the butt of her flashlight into his crotc and he comes up SCREAMING. He grabs her face, striking he with his other hand. She swings the flashlight again and cracks him across the head. He swings yet again and connects, knocking her acro the floor. She lies in a heap as Greer climbs to his feet, enraged a bleeding. He unbuckles his belt as he approaches, pulling it from h waist to do God knows what. Epps looks around to see him approaching. And we see that she has unhinged her gill knife. As his foot steps near, she lets go and drives the knife  with all her might into his boot, plunging the blade thro his foot and into the floor. He SCREAMS. After a moment he stops, looks to her. He is a bloody,  wretched, enraged mess. He starts toward her as Murphy ap in the doorway. Just as Greer is upon her, Murphy blind sides Greer from  behind at full speed, knocking him down. Greer and Murphy struggle as Epps climbs unsteadily to he feet. She staggers to them and raises the flashlight over Greer, bringing it down on his head.
193) 0) text: Epps and Murphy carry Greer's unconscious body.
195) 4) dialog: Could be a stroke. Who knows? (a beat)
195) 7) dialog: Maybe it was more than that. Greer gets up, comes to the window, looking out at them. presses his face to the glass.
195) 8) dialog: They went crazy.
196) 3) dialog: If the weather holds it might not be  so bad.
197) 0) text: Epps and Murphy work to lash parts of the rotting boats i a single usable raft.
199) 0) text: Epps has found a reel of wire and some metal braces, maki her way into the darkness, when her radio CRACKLES TO LIF The channel remains silent a moment, then closes. She sto raises the radio.
199) 1) dialog: (holding down talk  button)
199) 3) dialog: Murphy, this is Epps. Do you copy? Again, only silence comes back until, after a moment, the channel opens again. No one speaks, though there is a pal presence on the other end.
199) 4) dialog: (raising the radio)
200) 0) text: Epps walks along in the darkness AS THE MUSIC BOX CONTINU TO PLAY OVER THE RADIO. She comes to the end of the corri stopping there. At the other end the light falls from the door at room 40 The MUSIC FROM THE RADIO STOPS, leaving in its absence th
201) 0) text: Epps approaches the other end, from where the MUSIC EMANA coming to a stop at room 400. A beat as she holds there.
202) 0) text: Epps steps in as THE MUSIC BOX PLAYS IN THE OTHER ROOM. The sitting room is dark as she holds there. After a mome she continues on, coming to the bedroom. Epps steps in. Across the room the MUSIC BOX IS PLAYING. She crosses, coming to it as it continues, when her radio CRACKLES TO LIFE. The channel remains silent a moment, th
203) 0) text: Epps steps from room 400 into the passageway. It is lit w sconces running its length and the elegant furnishings an objets d'art stretching to the far end are all in their  original condition. DISTANT MUSIC FROM THE BALLROOM CAN B HEARD as Epps stands there. She moves along.
204) 0) text: Epps walks in the passageway. Doors are open and she look in to see people doing various things, some packing and  putting their things in order.
205) 0) text: Epps walks down the passage, rounding the corner to see t STEWARDS fighting with a fourth MAN in a tuxedo. They lif him up and carry him off down the stairs as he shouts and protests. She moves on, through a pair of double doors, i
206) 0) text: Epps moves through the now lighted storage area off the  galley. A group of CREWMEN stand around at the other end  and, as Epps nears, she sees that four figures can be see among them. They are four men, OFFICERS, swaying gently f the ship's movement as they hang from ropes around their  neck, dead. Epps keeps moving, through doors at the other end.
207) 0) text: A commotion can be heard at the other end of the passagew as Epps keeps moving. A WOMAN SCREAMS, and is cut off whe door slams shut. The DISTANT MUSIC HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH INDISCERNIBLE  SHOUTING, as of someone commandeering the microphone some As she walks, she passes an open door where several CREWM fight over a steamer trunk, which breaks open, scattering the contents.
208) 0) text: Epps walks along, coming to another door where a dead man and woman are laying in the middle of the room as a STEWA takes money from a wallet. The steward looks up, reaches  over and slams the door shut. She continues on. Another door stands open as she comes to it, back at room 400. She stops. A REPETITIVE SOUND CAN BE HEARD, coming f inside.
209) 0) text: Epps steps in as the SOUND CONTINUES. She crosses the sit room, coming to the doorway of the bedroom to find severa MUTINEERS, some in stewards attire, others wearing ships  officers caps, obviously taken from their rightful owners The repetitive sound comes from here, bed springs. And, f between the men, a woman's bare legs hang over the end of the bed as a pair of man's legs in boots lie between them the bed rocking, the others looking on. Epps turns to see the father. He is on his knees, hands t behind his back as he is forced to watch from the foot of the bed.
209) 2) text: a geometric pattern of a lotus on the Persian carpet at h feet. When she looks up again she sees what the father se The mutineer finishes, climbing off the woman. Another of the men pulls her up to reveal that she is no woman at al but Katie. The mother and sister lie in a bloody heap near-by as one the other mutineers steps up to Epps.
209) 4) dialog: 
210) 0) text: Epps moves quickly along, raising her radio.
210) 2) dialog: Epps to Murphy. Only WHITE NOISE COMES BACK as she rounds the corner out  onto the promenade. At the other end, the aquarium can be seen. As she approaches she sees that the tank is empty. Greer nowhere to be seen and the skylight at the top is broken  out. A GREAT BOOMING SHUDDER rocks the ship. A LOUD SCREECHING METAL follows it.
212) 0) text: Epps moves quickly along, coming to the stairway, moving almost running into Murphy on his way down, carrying a ca duffle.
212) 1) dialog: What happened?
212) 3) dialog: What?
212) 5) dialog: Greer's gone. He broke out of the  tank.
213) 0) text: Epps and Murphy move quickly along, when another HUGE BOO shudders the ship and the SHRIEKING OF METAL follows.
215) 0) text: Murphy and Epps run toward the other end of the ship. As  they do, something can be seen lying in the middle of the passage some distance down.
215) 2) dialog: He's been shot. Murphy kneels too, looking on at Greer's lifeless eyes.
216) 0) text: Murphy and Epps come up the stairway, crossing to the doo
217) 0) text: As Epps and Murphy come out, moving toward the make-do ra
217) 5) dialog: It was you. He only looks back at her as she stands there.
217) 6) dialog: You killed them.
217) 9) dialog: So you killed them?
217) 11) dialog: And now you're gonna kill me, is  that it?
217) 13) dialog: Murphy, don't you see what's  happening?
217) 15) dialog: It's the ship. The ship's making you  think this way.
217) 17) dialog: It's a trap. There was no way we  were gonna get away with that gold.   Nobody ever does. It's just the bait.  This ship sucks people in and it  never lets them out.
217) 19) dialog: I don't give a damn about the gold.
220) 0) text: Epps climbs down the air shaft where a giant fan spans it width. She squeezes through the fan blades and drops down where several vent ducts lead in different directions bel it.
221) 0) text: Murphy comes to the vent duct where Epps went down.
222) 0) text: Epps crawls through. She comes to a vent that leads out t passageway.
226) 0) text: Epps extends her feet and climbs down into the passage.
228) 0) text: Epps moves along on a metal catwalk in the darkness when  something can be heard ahead of her. She stops. FOOTSTEPS SOUND at the end of the passage. Epps pulls bac into the shadows, holding there. The footsteps sound as if they are coming down stairs at other end, when the FOOTSTEPS STOP. Epps holds there, listening intently in the silence when, the other end, THE SOUND OF CREAKING METAL, as from a hat slowly opening, can be heard. It stops. All is silent, WH THE HATCH CREAKS AGAIN at the other end. She begins movin toward it. As she approaches, she can see that the hatch is half ope swaying slightly with the movement of the ship. A CREAKING SOUNDS behind her. She turns, just as Murphy s into view. She ducks as he fires and a spray of buckshot  ricochets off the metal around her. She scrambles on her belly as Murphy fires again. She swi down from the catwalk, letting herself fall to the next d
229) 0) text: Epps moves quickly along.
231) 0) text: Epps stops where she is in the cavernous engine room, loo on at the massive hull rising above her as the RUMBLING G IN INTENSITY. Though it seems to resonate throughout the  ship, it seems to originate from here, from directly belo as though the hull were being dragged over a rocky bottom She steps back as the sound grows still louder, until it  becomes absolutely deafening. The ship begins to shudder. The steel bulkheads visibly m and the steel plates in the hull can be seen to bend back and forth.
233) 0) text: A few rivets pop in the hull. Then a few more, as the RUM GROWS STILL LOUDER. Epps puts her hands to her ears and begins to back away,  when the RUMBLING REACHES A PINNACLE. The rivets are spri out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plat of the hull gives way, A MASSIVE CRAG OF ROCK SMASHING TH WITH A TREMENDOUS BOOM AND A TORRENT OF SEAWATER. Epps ducks for cover as the crag tears a diagonal line th the Chimera's hull like a jagged claw through paper in a  HORRENDOUS TUMULT OF NOISE AND STEAM AND SPARKS.
237) 0) text: A massive torrent sweeps over Epps as seawater pours in  through the breach.
239) 0) text: Epps is forced under as the water in the hull is already  half way up the side, the ship listing WITH A GREAT GROAN EXERTION.
241) 0) text: Epps comes up for air. A clatter of all manner of debris, tools and general detritus hammers against the far bulkhe as the ship eases over. A boiler breaks loose of its stay Epps looks up to see it coming right for her. She ducks u the water as the boiler slams into the bulkhead where she was.
243) 0) text: Epps struggles under the water to free herself, but she i trapped, the heavy boiler and its broken stays caging her
245) 0) text: Epps is trying to pull back the boiler stays, without luc She swims down lower, finding a pipe fitting she pries at the stays, without luck, when a form drifts into view in murky water. Several more forms appear. They are human, suspended in t water. As Epps looks, the several forms have become many. They are the bodies of the dead she saw in the pool befor As they look on at her from where they are, one form emer It is Katie. She reaches toward Epps, as if beckoning her to take her  hand from the other side. Epps raises her hand, taking it The girl leads Epps down into the murky darkness where sh finds a way out. She takes her back further, coming to th breech, leading her out and into a cool green void of wat Katie stops at the breach. Epps turns to her. She only lo back at Epps. Epps turns away, swimming upward toward the light of the surface.
246) 0) text: Epps breaks through, gasping for air. She looks to see th Chimera, listing heavily to one side, its bow decks fully awash.
248) 0) text: The Chimera is getting lower in the water, the bow submer and the stern beginning to rise. Epps sees another small island some distance off. She beg swimming toward it.
250) 0) text: Epps swims as the ship sinks in the distance.
252) 0) text: Epps reaches the jagged rock of the island. She pulls her up.
254) 0) text: Epps collapses on the rocks.
256) 0) text: Epps looks on as the giant ship angles higher and higher.
258) 0) text: Epps sits perched under a rock out of the wind, looking o at the Chimera, her stern rising high above water as she  goes down, when the RUMBLE OF ENGINES CAN BE HEARD. She turns to see a Coastguard plane sweeping low over the Chimera, then banking back and flying right over as she s and waves her arms.
259) 0) text: The Coastguard plane flies by one more time, this time  dropping a survival pack. The Chimera's stern rises up out of the water, almost ver now, slipping further and further under. Epps looks on one last time, as the ship goes down.