188) 0) text: Epps passes under a catwalk. She moves on, passing a row standpipes. Epps stops, listening. Somewhere, the WHISPER CAN BE HEARD, then stops. It is absolutely silent. In the darkness behind her, the  GIRL (KATIE) PULLS BACK INTO THE SHADOWS. Epps holds there a beat, then turns, running into Greer w a start.
192) 0) text: The door comes open and Epps steps in. It is dark, though spacious. It is divided into two rooms. Beyond the sittin room in the front, is a bedroom. Epps steps in. A dressing table sits against the far wall A large bed is unmade. Suitcases lie open on stands at th foot of the bed, still half full as if they were in the  process of being unpacked. From one, she pulls back a woman's gown, a blouse. The ot contains shirts, trousers, socks, and underwear. Across the room a smaller suitcase can be seen lying open an Ottoman in the corner. Epps crosses to it. She finds a few shirts, and a red print dress, some books. She takes of the books, opening it. Inscribed on the inside of the cover is: "This book belon to:" and then written in by hand: "Katie Nichols." A page is marked with a purple ribbon. She opens it to se children's poem "The Rooster and the Crow" and a drawing a rooster and a crow and a stanza of a poem: "'Cock-a-doo doo,' said the rooster to the crow. 'Where are you now? I know, but won't say so.'" She puts it down. A tin penny  whistle sits on the table. She picks it up, examining it. She opens a small picture book, thumbing through to see p of a family, a young mother and father at the beach, the  mother and a girl of about 9 years, the girl and an older girl of about 16, the girl she saw at the swimming pool,  KATIE. Epps holds on this picture, when A MUSIC BOX SOUND She looks up to the dressing table. On it a music box slo plays "Daisy."
202) 9) dialog: Maybe last year. Katie joins them from the outer room.
202) 11) dialog: It's not your color anyway.
209) 2) text: a geometric pattern of a lotus on the Persian carpet at h feet. When she looks up again she sees what the father se The mutineer finishes, climbing off the woman. Another of the men pulls her up to reveal that she is no woman at al but Katie. The mother and sister lie in a bloody heap near-by as one the other mutineers steps up to Epps.
209) 7) dialog: It isn't real. Epps looks back at her from the other side of the room wh she stands.
209) 8) dialog: Many bad things have happened here.   But you mustn't allow the evil inside.  I tell you this because you can see  me. The others can't. But you must  leave. You must leave. A LOUD GUNSHOT SOUNDS SOMEWHERE IN THE SHIP. When Epps tu back Katie is gone.
245) 0) text: Epps is trying to pull back the boiler stays, without luc She swims down lower, finding a pipe fitting she pries at the stays, without luck, when a form drifts into view in murky water. Several more forms appear. They are human, suspended in t water. As Epps looks, the several forms have become many. They are the bodies of the dead she saw in the pool befor As they look on at her from where they are, one form emer It is Katie. She reaches toward Epps, as if beckoning her to take her  hand from the other side. Epps raises her hand, taking it The girl leads Epps down into the murky darkness where sh finds a way out. She takes her back further, coming to th breech, leading her out and into a cool green void of wat Katie stops at the breach. Epps turns to her. She only lo back at Epps. Epps turns away, swimming upward toward the light of the surface.