2) 0) text: By the front door, hanging on the wall, is a framed picture of Eve, Ed's wife. Ed passes by it and loo through the window. There is some wind outside, but nothi
10) 0) text: Eve has a small room in the house that Ed is cautious about entering. He walks in and looks around, as been in there for a while.
11) 0) text: The room is painted sky-blue and the ceiling has clouds p On one side of the room, there is a console piano with so On the other side of the room is a small, antique writing desk. Ed sits down and looks at some of t on it. There are a couple of letters and an address book. box containing paper clips, etc. There is an open box of cookies. There is a drawer in the desk which he tries to open, but finds that it is locked. He searches around the key, but can'' find one. He presses a little harder at th it won't budge. He takes a letter opener from a jar on th starts to fidget with it, but he still can't open it. Then he hears some distant voices coming from outside. He looks out the window where he can see the hou There is a light on in the neighbor's window, where the v coming from, and some vague shadows move around inside. E the lights in Eve's room, so that he can see more clearly From the muffled sounds, it is soon clear that the couple Only the woman's voice is clear.
18) 0) text: He hands the address book and takes a picture of Eve from
22) 0) text: He looks around Eve's room quickly.  There is no one ther
26) 0) text: Ed gets dressed. As he does, he notices a pile of Eve's clothes on the floor. He picks them up and puts closet, on top of a pile of Eve's dirty laundry.
33) 0) text: He takes a glass from the cupboard and fills it up. He stops, having noticed something on the glass. He h up to the light.  Eve's lipstick is clearly marked on the rim. He puts that glass down and fills another.
36) 0) text: Ed looks at the tub in the bathroom which is full of wate He sticks his finger deep into the drain, trying to free whatever is in there. There is another tuft of ha he throws it into the toilet. The gurgling sound that he heard before has come back, re
40) 3) dialog: When Ed doesn't say anything, George starts searching aro
40) 5) dialog: Ed can hear George searching around in the other rooms. He gets up and sits on the couch, nursing his wounds. After a minute, George comes back into the living room.
53) 0) text: Ed goes over to Eve's writing desk and looks over the pap
63) 0) text: He opens the medicine cabinet and searches through the plethora of over-the-counter medicine crowdin He takes a bottle of Midol, or some other feminine pain-k takes a few of them and chases them down with a handful o Then he turns to the toilet, lifts the lid and looks at t He rolls up his sleeve and sticks his hand in the bowl. The phone rings.  He gives up searching and, with some we
66) 0) text: The trail leads up to the pinkie finger. Ed watches while the finger moves, inchworm-like, across the Eve's room, leaving a wet trail behind it. Ed watches for a second while he decides what to do. He quickly grabs the finger and takes it to the kitchen sink. He drops it in the sink, pushes it down the flicks the garbage disposal on. He turns the water on and running until it sounds like there is nothing left of the When he turns it off, he sticks his hand in, searching fo He takes the sponge and wets it.
72) 0) text: He searches under the sink through an exhaustive supply of cleaning supplies. He eventually pulls out a ki container of Drano.
74) 0) text: The lamp on Eve's writing desk is on and it lights up the
75) 0) text: Ed comes in and looks around the room.  There is no one p Ed's attention turns to the diary, which is still sitting on the desk where he left it. Ed sits in th starts paging through Eve's diary. The piano continues pl We hear Eve's voice as it must have been when she was wri
75) 1) dialog: (V.O.)
75) 3) dialog: (V.O.)
75) 4) text: Saw a movie last night with George. It was awful; just the kind of movie Ed hates. I wanted to tell him about it couldn't. I told him I was at Susie's. George loved it, o think he likes every movie. Still, it was nice to go out that. It was fun.
76) 1) dialog: (V.O.)
77) 0) text: The camera pans over the glass that has Eve's lipstick on
77) 1) dialog: (V.O.)
77) 2) text: I can't believe what a jock George is. I knew he worked out, but he really takes car of himself. After we had sex embarrassed to let him see me naked. How could I have got I'm going back to the gym tomorrow. I've really let mysel Maybe I'll get him a softball bat for his birthday next w
78) 1) dialog: (V.O.)
78) 2) text: Ed doesn't sleep anymore. He's beginning to scare me. He takes all these pills to help him sleep, but they only worse. And he hates me. I can see it in his eyes. He blam everything that went wrong in his life. Maybe he's right. my fault. I feel so guilty about George that I can't argu anymore. I can't keep this up much longer. Fuck it. I'm g him about George tomorrow. He knows anyway. He must know. acting so weird. Poor Ed. He used to have so much ambitio talented. I just wish things had turned out better. The camera turns toward the bathtub, and focuses slowly in on the drain. A few bubbles pop out fro water and the water starts to drain out. As the camera do the drain, the last of the murky water disappears. Ed, now standing in the bathroom, strikes a match and holds it up to the diary until the corner final fire. He fans out the pages so that it will catch more.  When he can't hold it anymore, he drops it into the bathtub and watches it burn. He watches it until itself out, burning into a pile of thick, black ashes.
84) 0) text: Ed takes a few steps into Eve's room.  He traces the nois The light is on in the neighbor's window, and there are some vague shadows moving around on the closed the noises get louder, it soon becomes clear that the nei having sex. Ed peers out at the light in the window, listening to the woman's increasing moans. The woman seem some sort of painful, orgasmic delight. In other words, i sounds like she is having a good time, but there should b suspicion that not all is right.
92) 0) text: Sadie breaks away from him, sits up and takes off her swe Ed's kisses move around the side of her neck. As he reaches her ear, he looks up and notices Eve's clothes the chair.
100) 0) text: He looks out of the window in Eve's room. He sees that the light in the neighbor's window is on. The c door are having another argument, but this one is much mo than the last.
100) 2) text: 2t2Why do you care! You don't care! You know nothing abou you! Stay away from me! I'll scream! I am not screaming n you're the only one? Yes, I do! I LOVE YOU! You never do not! You never do anything! You think that nothing's wron we live in paradise! This is what I think of this fucking There is the sound of things breaking.
102) 0) text: The noise coming from the bathroom now sounds more human, As Ed walks into the bathroom, he can see that there is something in the bathtub. The shower curtain is behind it, there is some sort of body moving. Ed pulls th back. He reveals a baby, just born, lying in the tub. Mos water has drained and left a dirty ring around the tub. The BABY is a newborn, except that its eyes are maybe larger than they would be. The Baby is also SIX FEE immense frame fills the bathtub. It is naked (it's a boy) Ed watches with amazement. The baby looks incredibly real, except for its size. The stare at each o minute. The baby looks a lot like George Simian. It has h Other than this, it behaves like a baby. It is lying on its back, gurgling peacefully with his feet in t left hand gripping the shower curtain. The baby reaches out for Ed lovingly. Ed backs away. Seeing this, the baby starts crying. Ed, panicking, approaches the baby. It is still crying. Ed reaches out to touch it. He touches its arm an crying starts to subside. The baby moves with typical, qu movements that, because of the baby's size, are almost th Ed puts his hand in the baby's hand. The baby grips it as baby's do, but this baby's hand is about the The baby stops crying and returns to its curious gurgling Ed tries to pull his hand back, but the baby won't let go. The baby, it seems, is incredibly strong. E harder. He still can't get the baby to let go. Ed tries t baby's fingers off, and this time manages to get his hand baby's grip. But as soon as he does, the baby starts crying again. He backs out into the hallway.
106) 0) text: He comes into the bathroom, but in the tub, instead of the baby, there is a grown man's body. It is E at himself from under the water. We only see a very tight BATHTUB ED's head and part of his neck. His head is under looks up, unable to move. We then see the reverse shot of this and it is also of Ed, so that Ed is, in effect, looking up at himse cloudy water. The baby cries continue, although the baby is no longer i From Bathtub Ed's point of view, we see the other Ed take Bathtub Ed, who can move his eyes, tries to look to his arm, where the other Ed is cutting. Soon, blood st with the water, diffusing over Bathtub Ed's face. The blood also diffuses over Bathtub Ed's P.O.V., as he looks up at the other Ed cutting him. When is finished cutting, Bathtub Ed sees him put the knife as reach down, off-camera. After a short struggle, the other Bathtub Ed's severed arm and slips it into a garbage bag prepared. The blood from Bathtub Ed's cut fills the water with dark The red dissolves into a pool of blood that is in the hal
116) 0) text: He hurries down the stairs into the darkness of the basement. The pipes surround Ed with hysterical, thic sounds. There are metallic creaks and strains which rever the walls of the basement as the pipes seem to expand and A couple of inches of dark, dirty water have collected on Ed finds a place to hide in the shadows behind some boxes. He stares up, as he hears the door breaking o and someone walking into the living room. With his eyes, he follows the footsteps as they search th Ed has hidden under a large pipe, which is dripping drops of dirty water onto his face. In the darkn basement, the color of the water is unclear, but as he wi his fingers, he can see it is murky and dark. The basement door opens slowly, and from the light upstairs, Ed can see the silhouette of George Simia with a softball bat. Ed grips onto his knife and watches as George comes down the stairs, step by step. The water keeps drip top of Ed's head, running down the side of his face, but still. Ed watches George come down the stairs. George reaches the bottom and steps into the shallow wate Ed withdraws as much as he can into his corner until he i He watches George approaching him and he slowly raises hi George raises his softball bat. He takes a few more steps up to Ed, but then steps blindly past him and dark shadow. Ed watches him disappear into the shadow and then, makes his move. He rushes into the shadow with his and both he and George are engulfed in darkness. After a few seconds, Ed emerges from the shadow. He drops the knife into the water at his feet. As blood runs out of the shadow, mixing with the water in th floor. Ed walks slowly upstairs.  The noises around him in the b
119) 0) text: The camera comes into Eve's room and turns to the piano. EVE is sitting at the piano, playing some music. We watch her for a few seconds. She turns to the camera a then continues playing. Then the camera turns toward the clouds painted on the ceiling. A crack appears in the plaster and starts until there is an empty black space behind it. The sound crying seeps in from the crack. The camera zeroes in on t until it fills the frame. Over the blackness, we can hear crying until it fades out.