16) 25) dialog: Hi, Eve. This is George, from school. You didn't come into work today and I just wanted to make sure everything guess I'll see you tomorrow.
27) 37) dialog: Is this Ed?
27) 39) dialog: This is George Simian.
27) 41) dialog: Where's Eve?
27) 43) dialog: What have you done?
27) 45) dialog: You've done something.  I know you have.
27) 47) dialog: The police found her car near my house.  They think I hav
27) 49) dialog: You son of a bitch.  What did you do?  If you hurt her, I
27) 51) dialog: I'll kill you.  I'll kill you, you bastard.  I swear. Ed hangs up. He is shaky, but also strangely exhilarated. He turns off the ringer on the phone and tur volume on the answering machine.
40) 0) text: Ed opens the front door and before he can react, a fist h Ed falls to the ground, next to a pile of letters that ha GEORGE SIMIAN walks in, wearing a track suit. George, 35, is a stronger man than Ed. He is better looki at least, younger. He has a genuine honesty about him, li It is this boyish quality that makes his anger seem uncon
40) 1) dialog: You son of a bitch.  Get up. Ed staggers to his feet. He tries to get a swing in at George, but George grabs him by the collar, hits hi throws him over the coffee table. Ed hits the phone and t machine on the way down.
40) 2) dialog: 
40) 4) dialog: (O.S.)
40) 6) dialog: What have you done?
40) 8) dialog: You son of a bitch. George sits down on a chair across from Ed.
40) 9) dialog: You son of a bitch.
40) 11) dialog: You did something.
40) 13) dialog: I love her.  I'm sorry.  I know she's your wife. George is crying.  Ed, despite himself, is moved.
40) 15) dialog: What did you do?
40) 18) dialog: I swear.  If I find out you did something to her, I'll ki Ed watches George leave and stays lying on the floor as G The telephone is lying on the floor, knocked off its cradle, just out of Ed's reach. Ed stares at it for a It is making that beeping noise that phones make when the hook too long. He slowly gets up and limps into the bathroom.
75) 2) text: More than three weeks late. Damn. I'm so stupid. I haven't told George because I'm sure he would use this as pressure me to leave Ed. And how can I tell Ed. There's n be the father. We haven't had sex in months. He would kno Ed flips back a few pages. As he does, the camera starts to travel around the room, passing the piano, and then a few pictures from then some souvenirs on a shelf.
75) 4) text: Saw a movie last night with George. It was awful; just the kind of movie Ed hates. I wanted to tell him about it couldn't. I told him I was at Susie's. George loved it, o think he likes every movie. Still, it was nice to go out that. It was fun.
77) 2) text: I can't believe what a jock George is. I knew he worked out, but he really takes car of himself. After we had sex embarrassed to let him see me naked. How could I have got I'm going back to the gym tomorrow. I've really let mysel Maybe I'll get him a softball bat for his birthday next w
78) 2) text: Ed doesn't sleep anymore. He's beginning to scare me. He takes all these pills to help him sleep, but they only worse. And he hates me. I can see it in his eyes. He blam everything that went wrong in his life. Maybe he's right. my fault. I feel so guilty about George that I can't argu anymore. I can't keep this up much longer. Fuck it. I'm g him about George tomorrow. He knows anyway. He must know. acting so weird. Poor Ed. He used to have so much ambitio talented. I just wish things had turned out better. The camera turns toward the bathtub, and focuses slowly in on the drain. A few bubbles pop out fro water and the water starts to drain out. As the camera do the drain, the last of the murky water disappears. Ed, now standing in the bathroom, strikes a match and holds it up to the diary until the corner final fire. He fans out the pages so that it will catch more.  When he can't hold it anymore, he drops it into the bathtub and watches it burn. He watches it until itself out, burning into a pile of thick, black ashes.
102) 0) text: The noise coming from the bathroom now sounds more human, As Ed walks into the bathroom, he can see that there is something in the bathtub. The shower curtain is behind it, there is some sort of body moving. Ed pulls th back. He reveals a baby, just born, lying in the tub. Mos water has drained and left a dirty ring around the tub. The BABY is a newborn, except that its eyes are maybe larger than they would be. The Baby is also SIX FEE immense frame fills the bathtub. It is naked (it's a boy) Ed watches with amazement. The baby looks incredibly real, except for its size. The stare at each o minute. The baby looks a lot like George Simian. It has h Other than this, it behaves like a baby. It is lying on its back, gurgling peacefully with his feet in t left hand gripping the shower curtain. The baby reaches out for Ed lovingly. Ed backs away. Seeing this, the baby starts crying. Ed, panicking, approaches the baby. It is still crying. Ed reaches out to touch it. He touches its arm an crying starts to subside. The baby moves with typical, qu movements that, because of the baby's size, are almost th Ed puts his hand in the baby's hand. The baby grips it as baby's do, but this baby's hand is about the The baby stops crying and returns to its curious gurgling Ed tries to pull his hand back, but the baby won't let go. The baby, it seems, is incredibly strong. E harder. He still can't get the baby to let go. Ed tries t baby's fingers off, and this time manages to get his hand baby's grip. But as soon as he does, the baby starts crying again. He backs out into the hallway.
110) 87) dialog: Is this Ed?
110) 89) dialog: What did you do to Eve?
110) 91) dialog: I know you did. I saw her before she left work. We met in the parking lot, like we always did. She told me she w you. She was going to tell you when she got home.
110) 93) dialog: Yes, I do.  I know you.  Eve talks about you.  She tell m
110) 95) dialog: I know about the fights you have.
110) 97) dialog: That's bullshit.  I know what kind of a son of bitch you
110) 99) dialog: I did.
110) 101) dialog: I love her.  I loved her. Ed listens to George break down.
110) 103) dialog: It's not enough. George hangs up.
115) 0) text: There's another bang on the door.  Ed passes slowly throu The gurgling sounds in the bathroom are deep and resonant There is another hard crash against the door, which breaks the jamb. The door is only being held on by around the lock and George starts kicking the door with h Ed backs into the basement door.  He opens it and goes in
116) 0) text: He hurries down the stairs into the darkness of the basement. The pipes surround Ed with hysterical, thic sounds. There are metallic creaks and strains which rever the walls of the basement as the pipes seem to expand and A couple of inches of dark, dirty water have collected on Ed finds a place to hide in the shadows behind some boxes. He stares up, as he hears the door breaking o and someone walking into the living room. With his eyes, he follows the footsteps as they search th Ed has hidden under a large pipe, which is dripping drops of dirty water onto his face. In the darkn basement, the color of the water is unclear, but as he wi his fingers, he can see it is murky and dark. The basement door opens slowly, and from the light upstairs, Ed can see the silhouette of George Simia with a softball bat. Ed grips onto his knife and watches as George comes down the stairs, step by step. The water keeps drip top of Ed's head, running down the side of his face, but still. Ed watches George come down the stairs. George reaches the bottom and steps into the shallow wate Ed withdraws as much as he can into his corner until he i He watches George approaching him and he slowly raises hi George raises his softball bat. He takes a few more steps up to Ed, but then steps blindly past him and dark shadow. Ed watches him disappear into the shadow and then, makes his move. He rushes into the shadow with his and both he and George are engulfed in darkness. After a few seconds, Ed emerges from the shadow. He drops the knife into the water at his feet. As blood runs out of the shadow, mixing with the water in th floor. Ed walks slowly upstairs.  The noises around him in the b