1) 61) text: He goes, Bob watching, disgusted.  NOVELLO, the owner of Waterfront Inn, comes up.
1) 119) text: The orchestra blends into a vocal chorus of the song.  (T be decided upon.)  The vocal is shared by Bob, Betty, Jud and Phil, individually.  Toward the end of the vocal Phil dances Judy out to the terrace overlooking the water.  Th blends into their dance.  The staging of the number shoul reunite the four principals by the end of the number.  Th audience applauds and they all go back to their booth.
1) 148) text: As they start off, Novello enters to the girls, agitated.
1) 152) text: Bob has stopped.  He looks at Phil, suspiciously.
1) 164) text: The girls start off, confused.  Novello, Bob and Phil fol
1) 173) text: He leaves them, as Bob and Phil look unpleasantly after h They have reached the wings.
2) 5) text: The girls have opened the door to their dressing room.
4) 23) text: The office door opens behind them, which they do not see. The Sheriff steps out, followed by the Landlord and Novel
4) 27) text: The landlord is delighted.
5) 3) text: He starts with his red lights going, his siren screaming, and tires grinding.
5) 11) text: He protests, 'What - !' 'But!'  Novello is openmouthed.
6) 30) text: The other three bus drivers are disappointed.
6) 98) text: He smiles at the girls, and exits, dignified.
7) 17) text: He dignifiedly walks in the direction of some departing  guests, and proceeds to show them to the door.
7) 53) text: This has not fooled Susan.  She throws her arms around Bo and then Phil.
7) 59) text: Betty steps up to him and gives him the biggest smack. Bob is quite surprised.
8) 0) text: Waverly is looking interestedly at the goings on, but is  puzzled.  The boys exchange a glance.
8) 6) text: The troupe is busy transporting the costumes, etc., from moving van to the dining room auditorium as the above sce is played.
8) 87) text: Music has underscored this scene.  Betty is wide awake. She is looking toward the window.  As the curtains billow outward we see a diffused figure of Bob, sitting on a fen putting out his pipe.  This is followed by an equally dif figure of Betty, leaving her bed, crossing the furniture, and joining Bob.  Bob takes her in his arms.  At this poi we are brought back to reality by the wind slamming a shu This causes the diffusion to vanish, and Betty gets out o bed and puts on her robe.
9) 25) text: Bob begins to sing COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS, as he prepares t warm milk and hands it to her.  She drinks it down.  As h reaches the second chorus, he starts to dim the lamp on t table,  Betty, pretending to be sleepy, leans her head to Bob. He takes a pillow from a nearby chair and puts it between her head and her chair.  She waits, eyes closed, expectan But Bob gets to his feet, and carefully tiptoes to the do and exits, closing it softly behind him.  After a moment, Betty snaps on the light, throws the pillow on the floor, and rests her chin in her hand, disappointed and wide awa
9) 31) text: Phil reacts. Bob crosses to his stage manager station, which is a desk and high chair, where Albert is seated, not far from his  wife, Sylvia, who is sipping a glass of water.  Albert ho a stop watch and evidently helps in the administration.
9) 63) text: She turns away rather abruptly, since she is becoming  emotional.  Bob shakes his head, impressed with what he t is her devotion.
9) 84) text: Phil is delighted that she is jealous.
9) 95) text: He looks fondly at Judy, taking it for granted she is  overwhelmed at this method of announcing to her that he i going to marry her.  He hugs her amidst a general reactio of congratulations.
9) 142) text: Not all of this is heard, since the sound effects pick th spots, but the attention is on the General, who is watchi the scene with a whimsical look.  He, as does the audienc realizes Bob's true feelings.  As the train starts to lea Betty and Bob shake hands.  She holds his handshake a lit longer than necessary, and Bob is forced to move along wi the train.  Finally she releases him, and Bob looks after the train, puzzled.
9) 178) text: They dance away.  Bob crosses to the piano and picks up t package Betty left for him.  He opens it up and it is a s knitted sock, the one she knitted on previously.  He look through the box for its mate. There is none.  The CAMERA MOVES CLOSER to Bob, puzzled.
10) 6) text: First Owner laughs goodnaturedly and continues playing. Bob rides into the scene and dismounts.
10) 39) text: Bob, his back turned to Phil, comes across the sock Betty knitted for him; he hastily shoves it into the bottom of bag.
12) 0) text: A rehearsal is in progress in the deserted club.  The cha are up on the tables, musicians in their shirt sleeves, a Betty SINGS a chorus of LOVE, YOU DIDN'T DO RIGHT BY ME. she finishes, the orchestra LEADER turns to her.
13) 0) text: It is alive with customers; couples are dancing on the fl as a number ends.  Bob enters, and is conducted to a ring table by a maitre d'.
13) 9) text: He gives the downbeat, and Betty has no choice but to sin LOVE, YOU DIDN'T DO RIGHT BY ME.  She is assisted in the  second chorus by a vocal group.
13) 40) text: He is interrupted by ED HARRISON, who has been brought to the table by the maitre d'.
13) 41) dialog: Bob!  How are you?
13) 43) dialog: (He knows Betty) Betty.
13) 44) text: She nods, as Ed sits down.
13) 45) dialog: (To Bob) Now what's this big deal you wanted  to discuss?  I shouldn't even talk  to you after canceling out on my  show.
13) 47) dialog: Waverly?  Where, in the Pentagon?
13) 49) dialog: Our old man?
13) 52) text: Ed looks at her, surprised.
13) 53) dialog: (To Bob, indicating  Betty) Was she in our outfit, too?
13) 55) dialog: What are we going to do about it?   You got a flash?
13) 57) dialog: Got to stir it around a little?
13) 59) dialog: Now you're talking!  How do we spread  the word?
13) 60) text: Bob takes a piece of paper out of his inside pocket and h it to Ed.
13) 62) dialog: (Scanning the paper) Now's as good a time as any to find  out.
13) 72) dialog: I hope Phil has been able to keep  the old man away from a television  set.
13) 88) dialog: I would like to address all former  officers, enlisted men, Wacs and  nurses who were under the command of  General Tom Waverly --
13) 97) dialog: The objective is Pine Tree, Vermont ---  Synchronize watches for Operation  Waverly...
13) 140) text: She walks into sight, Bob following.  Phil and Judy break embarrassed.
13) 146) text: And he holds his hand out, and they shake hands, still  flustered.
13) 149) text: Flustered, the boys open the door to the girls' bungalow, thinking it is their own.
14) 34) text: Bob takes a deep breath and gets the top button buttoned.
14) 54) dialog: Long distance call for you, sir.
14) 55) text: Waverly looks surprised, but rises and starts out. Bob, visible in b.g., has been watching.  He and Harrison exchange knowing glances.
14) 62) text: He hangs up the phone, and proudly, head erect, he walks  through the lobby, smiling, eyes wet.  He lifts the bell the desk with a loud bang.  Martha hurries in, startled.
16) 0) text: A church bell is framed in the foreground, and, far in th distance, we see the town and the Inn and the snow as we