0) 304) text: Sugar Boy listens intently, sharing in the anger in Willi speech.
0) 324) text: Sugar Boy leaps up on the platform, his pistol drawn and  pointed at Duffy's men. Willie throws up his arms to sile the crowd.
0) 402) text: Interior: Hotel Lobby, Day The lobby is packed as Willie, Jack, Sugar Boy, and Pills enter. Willie makes signals to Duffy to tag along with th entourage. Willie leans over to speak to the room clerk.
0) 418) dialog: T-t-they b-b-better be.
0) 431) text: The door opens and Willie, Jack, and Sugar Boy come in.
0) 439) text: Sugar Boy appears in the doorway. Sadie slips by into the room.
0) 519) text: Shots of uniformed policemen roughing up citizens. Willie and Sugar Boy move in on a man being held by cops. Willie looks on as Jack thumbs through his little black b
0) 566) text: They go out through the reception room, pick up Sugar Boy and head down the corridor.
0) 585) text: Sugar Boy laughs loudly. The phone rings and Sadie picks up.
0) 588) text: Sugar Boy exists. Willie turns back to Pillsbury.
0) 912) text: Sugar Boy makes a move for the reporter but Willie holds back.
0) 916) text: He leaves, followed by Jack and Sugar Boy.
0) 919) text: Exterior: Willie's Box Willie, Jack, Sugar Boy, and Lucy are in one box. Sadie a Duffy sit in the adjoining one. Willie is standing up. Th crowd continues to heckle him.
0) 950) dialog: B-b-boss, you gotta eat. You g-g- gotta.
0) 1072) text: Tom doesn't answer. Lucy offers her cheek to Willie. Sadi Jack, and Sugar Boy wait at the bottom of the steps, alon with the reporters.
0) 1174) text: Crowd looks on as two uniformed police drag a man away.  Willie's car waiting. Two thugs talk things over with a m on his doorstep. Willie discussing matters with a man in his office. Two c stand with him. Willie and Jack in the car. Sugar Boy drives. It is night Sugar Boy drives fast, and has to swerve to avoid collidi with a truck.
0) 1192) text: The door opens and Willie and Sugar Boy enter.
0) 1319) text: The crowd explodes. People break through the police barri Mounted policemen ride in quickly to prevent a riot. Came picks up Anne in the crowd, trying to push through. Jack stands on the steps of the Capitol, watching it all. Suddenly Willie appears at the top of the steps, followed Sugar Boy. Sadie, Duffy, Pillsbury follow close behind. W grabs hold of the mike and addresses the suddenly hushed  crowd.
0) 1327) text: Adam is seen, waiting at the entrance of the building. Be Willie has taken a step Adam fires several shots into him Willie falls to the ground and Sugar Boy whips out his pi and fires at Adam. Three policemen with tommy guns open f shooting into Adam's already fallen body. Then they turn point their guns at the mob of people rushing toward Will forcing them back.
0) 1329) text: Sugar Boy kneels beside Willie. Sadie stands against a pi looking down on him.
0) 1330) dialog: (nearly crying) D-does it hurt m-much, boss? D-d- does it hurt much?