80) 8) dialog: Yes, it’s a good thing. 12 September 2014 46.
80) 10) dialog: Haa waa fikrad aadiyo aad u fiican. (Haa wafikrad aa-diyo aad oo fee aan.) ALIA walks into the compound. OMAR looks up and sees her.
80) 12) dialog: Yes.
80) 14) dialog: Haye. (Haa ye.) ALIA drops her empty basket in the bakery. OMAR reaches into his pocket and pays MUSA. ALIA exits the bakery and picks up her hula hoop. As OMAR is exiting the gate with his repaired bicycle, she starts swinging it on her hips. OMAR glances back disapprovingly at ALIA, forcing MUSA to immediately admonish her.
80) 15) dialog: Alia! What are you doing? ALIA immediately stops.
80) 17) dialog: What were you thinking of?
80) 18) dialog: Al-liya, Maxaad Sameyneysaa? (Al-liya mahad samen-ney-sa?)
80) 20) dialog: Maxaad ka Fikreysaa? (Mahad ka fik-ray-saa?)
80) 24) dialog: Never again!
80) 26) dialog: Mardan be yaan arkin adigo fikraaya! (Mardum bear yaan arkeen adeego fik raa ya!)
80) 28) dialog: You must learn to be more careful.
80) 30) dialog: I don’t know whether he supports the militia or if he is just pretending to because he thinks I do - but we take no chances. We trust no one. And you never ever do that in front of a man.
80) 32) dialog: Waa inaad si fiican wax u barataa iskuna badnaataa. (Wa innad siffee un wah u barataa iskoo nah budnaa tah.)
80) 34) dialog: Aniga Ma agaano mana taageerayo maleeshiyada iyo Haddey si Qalden ila hadlaan ama ila dhagmaan laakin waxaan qaadanaya fursad. Mana Aminayo qof walbo, adiganah weligaaga. Mardanbe, haku ciyaarin nin hortiisa ama dadka ii imaanaya hortooda. (Aneega ma akaano mannah taa- ge-rey-yo militia-dah iyoh hadday si qualdan illah hadlaan ama illah dhak-maan laakin wah-haan gqadah-nayah foor sud. Ma amee-ney-yo qoof walbo, adee-gana welli gaa gaa maar-dum-bay haako-i-ya- rin neen hortisa amaah daddkaa i imaan-ney-ya hor- toodah. )
80) 37) dialog: Never again, okay?
80) 39) dialog: Marnaba ha isku deyin haye dheh? (Mar-nabbah-haa-is-koo day in haa yay dheh?)
80) 41) dialog: Yes, of course.
80) 42) dialog: Haa, waad ku ciyaari kortaa horteyda. (Haa, wad koo ee yaa ree kartaa hortoodah. ) ALIA picks up her hoop again and starts to swing her hips The hula hoop soon whizzes around her body. MUSA smiles. ALIA has the rhythm going - faster and more expressive - whole body and soul determined to be free. Her defiance is exhilarating.
82) 0) text: The Reaper image hovers over Amadu’s house. 112 We now see that Alia’s compound borders this house - and the corner of the image, we make out ALIA twirling her ho MUSA watches her as he repairs a bicycle.
283) 1) dialog: 
284) 0) text: STEVE and CARRIE are shocked as they see MUSA and FATIMA coming into view.
286) 0) text: ALIA lies in the street. MUSA and FATIMA run towards her. Boom! The second missile explodes in the compound.
287) 0) text: The same dust cloud obscures the view of the compound - a again STEVE and CARRIE have to wait to see anything. As the dust clears, they see Musa and Fatima lying flat o the ground in the street. Musa struggles up, covered in blood. Fatima rises too. He one arm hangs limply, bloodily by her side. STEVE watches ALIA: she is not moving.
289) 0) text: ALIA lies on the ground. Now we see that she is still ali 333 334 335 336 YELLOW SHOOTING SCRIPT 12 September 2014 129. She looks up - and sees MUSA and FATIMA stumbling toward MUSA comes to ALIA. He picks her up. No one else is comin near the scene. MUSA and FATIMA stagger away from the bombed house with A It’s a terrible image as they stagger down the street. Someone reverses a pickup truck towards them. It’s the on saw earlier with the YOUNG MILITIA MEN and the machine gu bolted onto the back. The MILITIA MEN jump down to help MUSA and FATIMA put ALI into the back. They rapidly dismount the machine gun and toss it to anot man on the street to make room in the back. The DRIVER gets back into his cabin and drives off.
294) 0) text: We are with MUSA and FATIMA cradling ALIA as they are dri fast down the road. They race towards the checkpoint. Sho Militia move aside as the vehicle speeds through.
297) 0) text: MUSA cradles ALIA in his arms in the back of the pickup a speeds its way - horn blaring - through the streets...
307) 0) text: MUSA, carrying ALIA, and FATIMA - in bloody clothes and w bloodied faces - alarm everyone as they burst through doo into a busy hospital corridor. Moving down the corridor, they shout for attendance. A NURSE rushes forward. Seeing the extent of Alia’s injuries, she rushes them int rudimentary operating theater. MUSA lays ALIA onto an operating table. A DOCTOR approaches quickly and takes a look at her. But it doesn’t take him long to realize that ALIA is dead He looks at FATIMA and MUSA.
307) 1) text: 351 YELLOW SHOOTING SCRIPT 12 September 2014 134. An agonising silence. And it slowly dawns on them that th have lost her. CLOSE ON ALIA - lying there, very still. And then MUSA lets out the grieving roar of an animal tha echoes into the next scene -