82) 0) text: Agnieska collects her mail. She stops when she comes to a postcard. We cannot make out what it says, but it has a  profound effect on her. Dialogue is in French with Englis Subtitles.
82) 1) dialog: My God... My God... It's him.
89) 0) text: We SEE a beautiful dark haired woman of about thirty comi down the street. There are several other pedestrians as w The woman is Agnieska. She carries a large bag of groceri
90) 0) text: A van is parked on the street. Agnieska walks along. The starts. A man whom we will come to know as VLADIMIR adjus the mirror. His partner NIKOLAI readjusts it and in it we SEE Agnieska, walking. The two KGB operatives, now both s Agnieska.
90) 4) text: Behind Agnieska about fifty feet behind her we SEE severa pedestrians, one is an Arab and another a European. Agnie goes up into an apartment building.
90) 8) text: The van makes a U-turn and pulls around the corner to giv them another vantage point of Agnieska's apartment.
91) 0) text: The two Russian operatives continue their stakeout of  Agnieska's apartment.
92) 0) text: Agnieska enters the apartment. She opens the door and slo walks in. The apartment is dark. She is about to turn on lights when suddenly a hand grabs her from behind around mouth and another hand holding a gun snaps right down nex to her head. She drops the groceries and screams but the  hand muffles it. She struggles a bit but the person who h her hisses.
92) 5) dialog: I don't know what you're talking  about.
92) 7) dialog: I don't know any Carlos... please  I'm telling you the truth.
92) 10) dialog: I don't know what you're talking  about... I'm not from here. I just  came to visit a girlfriend. This is  her apartment. She'll be here  tomorrow... please.
92) 13) dialog: I swear to you... I'm telling the  truth...
92) 15) dialog: What... what are you going to do to  me.
92) 24) dialog: You bastard! I haven't see you for  two years and this is the way you...
92) 28) dialog: I came all the way to this god- forsaken country didn't I? I've been  holed up in this place you arranged  for me for the past twenty-four  hours... I couldn't eat I couldn't  sleep... nothing just sitting in  here waiting for you.
92) 31) dialog: Whoever stocked this place with food  didn't leave much of a selection...  I wanted to go out and get some nice  things for you. You weren't supposed  to be here for another three hours.  I could have made a nice dinner.
92) 33) text: He lays her down on the bed and pulls up her skirt and hi head goes down out of screen as Agnieska arches her back sighs.
95) 0) text: Ramirez is in bed with Agnieska. She lays back smoking a  cigarette, sighing.
95) 1) dialog: My God... my God...
95) 3) text: He gets up and throws on his pants and crosses into the l kitchen. Agnieska follows, draping a blanket around her. crosses to a window and opens it.
95) 5) dialog: Just getting some air in here...  Don't be so jumpy.
95) 6) text: He turns back to the refrigerator and opens it. Agnieska  crosses to the fallen sacks of groceries.
95) 7) dialog: Forget about what's in there... I  found caviar and, here's some pate.
95) 10) dialog: Couldn't eat a bite of it.
95) 16) dialog: What?
95) 18) dialog: What are you talking about?
95) 21) dialog: You're crazy... no one... I...  Illich... listen... I ran out of  cigarettes and... and I was at a  cafe and I bummed a cigarette... I  had a cigarette and coffee and came  back here... that's all.
95) 23) dialog: Yes... yes... you know I can't have  coffee without a cigarette.
95) 30) dialog: The French... the DST... They made  me... I didn't have any choice...
95) 32) text: He is choking the life out of her when we hear footsteps  racing down the hall. Ramirez throws Agnieska down, grabs his gun and grenade and races to the open window and goes out onto the fire escape. His feet are bare. He has no sh on.
127) 0) text: A French DST security man comes out of the apartment buil first. He looks around the street and then nods. A second DST man comes out of the building and gets in a black Ren after first checking underneath it to make sure there is bomb and then popping the hood and examining the engine a then examining the ignition wires. Satisfied, he takes a  deep breath and starts the motor and then the first DST m nods inside the apartment building and another DST man co out with Agnieska next to him. He opens the door for her  when two shots ring out, both of them hitting her in the  forehead. The DST agents scatter for cover when suddenly car parked in front of the Renault explodes with tremendo force and the DST agents are all hit.