18) 0) text: This room is your worst nightmare in the Middle East. It  could be a cellar suite in Beirut, or an interrogation ce in Damascus. There is no way of knowing. It is simply an  empty room with a large metal ring embedded into the floo to which Carlos is shackled. Battered and badly bruised,  he's obviously in great pain. The room's metal door SCREE as it opens slowly and a new man whom we will call AMOS  enters. With him are two of the Arabs we've seen earlier. They're bareheaded now, without their kaffiyehs.
18) 1) dialog: (accented English) How do you feel?
18) 4) dialog: You spoke English well enough to  your contact... the street vendor...  so please let's not play games. We're  both professionals, Carlos.
18) 6) dialog: Yes, I know what your name is...  Illich Ramirez...
18) 8) dialog: Alias Carlos Sanchez, alias Carlos  Martinez, alias The Jackal.
18) 10) text: Amos swoops down and with one hand pulls Carlos by the ha over across his knee with his throat up and other hand in hammer lock. Amos brings his face down to Carlos.
18) 11) dialog: Listen to me you piece of shit. I'm  trying very hard to be professional  about this but you are in Israeli  hands now... So don't play games  with me... entiende hombre?
18) 14) text: Amos loosens his grasp and straightens up. Carlos winces pain from broken ribs. As he speaks it is now unaccented  English, just the slightest trace of Spanish background.
18) 16) dialog: Amazing how much your English has  improved in just a few seconds...
18) 19) dialog: Remarkable... remarkable  performance... the chutzpa of it is  unbelievable... my hat is off to you  Carlos.
18) 22) text: Amos is doing his best to look unflappable.
18) 23) dialog: Carlos... give me a break, huh? If  you were an American officer you  would have... ID papers, dog tags.
18) 25) dialog: You ditched them.
19) 0) text: Amos walks down the corridor. For the first time, he look the tiniest bit concerned.
20) 0) text: Amos sits in his office looking very worried. A long-hair baby-faced agent comes in. He could pass for a typical st traveling on holiday. His name is YONI.
20) 2) dialog: Yoni... I want you to go back to the  old city... where we caught...  Carlos... I want you to be very  inconspicuous. Take a half dozen  men... you comb every alleyway  there... every garbage can...  everything you can find... for what  looks like a U.S. military ID if  there is such a thing there.
20) 4) dialog: Who said there was a problem? There's  no problem. I just asked you to do  something and you're going to do it.  So there's no problem.
22) 0) text: Amos sits at his desk. Just then Yoni walks in. Amos look up.
22) 1) dialog: Nu?
22) 2) text: Yoni puts a U.S. Navy ID complete with photo and a set of military dog tags on Amos' desk.
22) 4) dialog: He holds the ID and then sits back in his chair defeated lets out a very Jewish sigh.
22) 5) dialog: Oyyyy.
43) 2) text: They cross over to the satellite tracking monitors which  display both the Libyan and East German safe houses. Sitt in front of one of the monitors is Amos, typing controls  into the satellite tracking system.
43) 4) text: Amos now turns and comes around to Ramirez.
43) 5) dialog: Hello Miguel... My name is Amos.
43) 8) dialog: I hope there are no hard feelings.
43) 12) dialog: Don't let all this equipment fool  you. Carlos still has the home court  advantage. He has the best protection  in the world... three layers at least  at all times. Next and maybe most  important... Carlos himself. The  French DST came to arrest him once.  He was at his apartment, drunk,  playing his guitar. He actually had  them convinced it was all a mistake.  Then he went into his bathroom, took  a shave mind you so he would look  his best for the interrogation and  when he came out managed to shoot  each of them through the forehead.  Then he got the informer who had  betrayed him, put him down on his  knees and killed him... Think of it.  He took a shave and didn't even nick  himself once.
43) 13) text: Amos is quiet, lets that sink in.
43) 14) dialog: Finally, there are political  realities. Whoever hits Carlos has  to realize that he'll unleash against  himself a fanatical wave of terrorist  activity in retribution.
44) 0) text: Amos, Jack and Ramirez walk amongst the tombstones. Jack Amos have warm coats. Ramirez does not. He shivers in the cold, but tries not to show his discomfort.
44) 1) dialog: This is going to be unlike any  learning experience you've ever had  before. For one thing, we're going  to push to all your limits. Fatigue,  frustration and fear. We're going to  make you more terrified than you've  ever been in your life just to see  how you handle the fear. Any other  learning experience you get things  ninety- nine point nine nine nine  percent right you get an "A." Here  if you get things ninety-nine point  nine nine nine percent right... you  get...
44) 5) dialog: I'm not as cold-blooded as my American  friend... it would bother me very  much if you were dead... so we will  teach you to stay alive... but no  questions... just do. Otherwise...
44) 11) dialog: Because Carlos is the master of the  techniques of survival which we will  teach you and because he is an  efficient killer for whoever employs  him, then for him there are simply  no rules. Unlike you Miguel, you're  a rule follower, aren't you?
44) 13) dialog: Carlos is the opposite of that and  that's what's so seductive, you know?  He can kill whomever he chooses...  ravish whoever he chooses... take  whatever he chooses. Do... whatever  he chooses. It is to be in many ways  a superman, not bound by the mores  or morals of humanity.
45) 0) text: It is a huge, empty room. Ramirez sits at the lone table Amos enters. Ramirez is eating a bowl of porridge. His br steams out in the cold. The room is freezing but instead a warm jacket, he wears light prison overalls.
45) 1) dialog: Good morning. How's the porridge,  you like it?
45) 3) text: He finishes what's left in the bowl. Amos reaches over to side warming table. There is a huge pot of porridge there
45) 4) dialog: Good... finish everything in the  pot.
45) 6) dialog: No questions... Just do.
46) 0) text: Ramirez is doing furious situps, hanging off the balcony one of the tiers, with his feet linked under one of the b so that as he does his sit-up it is over an abyss. Amos s in front of Ramirez, puffing on a cigar as he speaks, so  that Ramirez is gulping in breaths of cigar smoke as he  exercises.
46) 1) dialog: Name and place of birth!
46) 3) dialog: Your father?
46) 5) dialog: Yes.
46) 6) text: There is a silence between them. This is obviously the en of that subject. Then Amos goes on.
46) 7) dialog: Carlos' father abandoned him and his  mother because he wanted to be a  playboy. Your father abandoned you  in effect, when he was sent to prison.  Either way, it's a lonely child  missing his father. I want you to  take what you know of your real father  and superimpose it onto this the  image of Carlos' father, so when you  talk of one you are talking of the  other with the same emotion... the  same love, the same resentment...  the same sadness, the same anger.
51) 0) text: We are speeding down the road in a suped-up open Jeep POV Ramirez, who is driving. Suddenly, we SEE Jack and Amos u ahead. Amos pulls a lever and a barrier snaps up at chest level across the road. We jam on the brakes and
54) 0) text: It is after lunch and Jack and Amos are eating ice cream  sundaes while Ramirez sits eating the last bit of porridg from the huge bowl.
54) 1) dialog: You finish all your porridge?
54) 3) dialog: Good now you can have some more.
54) 7) dialog: Why Miguel amigo, whatever is the  matter?
54) 9) dialog: Congratulations! You're acting like  a child... like a spoiled brat...
54) 11) dialog: Finally you're acting like a willful  spoiled child which is just what  Carlos was.
54) 15) dialog: As a child Carlos was fed that  porridge that you love so much every  day. He hated it. Every woman or man  he's ever been close to he told about  that porridge... how the very smell  of it made him sick. And now it makes  you sick.
54) 17) dialog: His father smoked cigars... the same  ones whose smell you complained about.  The only cover that can save your  life... is the one you believe  yourself. Now... are you ready to  pass the next test?
54) 19) dialog: I'll take that for a yes. You're  about to go into your house. Your  wife has told you she was away with  the children for a week. She is  entering the house for the first  time in a week with you. The children  are still at Grandma's so the two of  you have a nice romantic time ahead  of you. Walk through the house...  through the living room and the  kitchen only. You have thirty seconds.  Walk casually through the house so  as not to make her suspicious of  anything you do and find out if she's  telling you the truth or not. If you  pass this test your questions will  be answered. If not... you'll be  sent home to Virginia and this will  be the end of it.
55) 0) text: Ramirez walks casually through the living room with camer following. Amos and Jack walk behind him. Ramirez bends d to tie his shoe near the sofa. He crosses into the kitche and camera follows. He opens the refrigerator and takes o a carton of milk. He takes a drink from the carton and  dribbles some onto his shirt and onto the floor. He gets "I'm such a slob" look on his face. Then he replaces the  milk, crosses to the sink, takes the sponge off the sink a paper towel. He mops up the spill with the sponge first and then with the paper towel, then tosses the paper towe into the trash. As he speaks, Ramirez himself will be ama at how much he is able to deduce using the techniques he' been taught.
55) 2) dialog: Nu? Is she telling the truth or lying?
55) 6) dialog: How do you know it was a man?
56) 0) text: We have four quick cuts. Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! In each one, Ramirez who stands in the center of the trainers, whirls  like a ballet dancer and beats each trainer to the punch, hitting dead center on each one with his paint pellet gun From the side, Amos and Jack nod to each other approvingl
57) 0) text: A triumphant Ramirez walks with Amos and Jack.
57) 3) dialog: Money... fifty million... not for  the forces of world revolution this  time, but for him, in his pocket  with a new identity and CIA  protection. They'll believe it... if  we lay it out right... they'll believe  it.
57) 5) dialog: Not so fast. You're far from ready.  I would think another three months  of training and then...
60) 0) text: We are in a new setting. It is a kind of dungeon, perhaps once a solitary confinement cell. It is crowded here now  with Jack, Amos, and Technician #1 who sit in front of a bank of monitors. On one we SEE Ramirez eating in the  cafeteria.
60) 1) dialog: It should be hitting him now...
69) 0) text: Jack and Amos walk down the corridor. They both look as i they have been up all night, which indeed they have. Both are in need of a shower and shave.
69) 1) dialog: I hope we didn't go too far with  this.
73) 29) dialog: Annibal! It's over!
73) 30) text: Ramirez turns to see him, as Amos walks down the embankme towards him.
73) 32) dialog: It's over, Jack. He's it.
73) 33) text: Ramirez stays with the gun pointed at Jack. It is obvious is in a killing mood, perfectly ready and willing to sque the trigger once again. Amos takes the gun from Ramirez,  points it up and pulls the trigger... KABOOM!
75) 0) text: Jack is in the car with Amos, who drives, and Ramirez. Ra has a bandage across his nose. He has black eyes from pla surgery. Jack hands Ramirez a small bundle which he opens Inside is a black T-shirt and black jeans.
75) 3) dialog: And to match your new wardrobe, in  another two days your bandages will  come off and you'll get to show your  beautiful new nose to Carla.
75) 7) dialog: Carlos used her... like he uses a  lot of women. She emigrated to Israel.  Now she wants to get even.
75) 10) dialog: She's about thirty-seven... still  attractive.
75) 20) dialog: "When in doubt, close your eyes and  think of England."
83) 9) dialog: We've got it. Just confirmed.
83) 12) dialog: The KGB has set up a surveillance on  Agnieska. And Agnieska has received  her summons from her long-lost love...  Carlos, telling her to come and meet  you. At the meeting you convince her  you're Carlos. You ask her to handle  some bank transactions. She will.  Then the KGB knows Carlos and Ortega  are the same man. Then later they'll  see you meet with a CIA agent. They'll  have all the pieces. They'll know  Carlos has turned.
83) 14) dialog: Libya. That's where Carlos is.
83) 16) dialog: The waiting is more dangerous to you  than going to Libya. We've laid out  a trap. Now we have to be careful  not to get caught in it ourselves.
84) 0) text: Ramirez and Amos walk along the road which runs straight  along the Dead Sea. Here and there are strands of barbed  wire and the barracks in the b.g. As they walk, they pass sign which says: THE DEAD SEA - YOU ARE NOW STANDING AT T
84) 2) dialog: Jack doesn't know that we're having  this talk and I don't want him to  know... understand?
84) 4) dialog: Nothing can make you ready for combat  but combat. Jack would be against me  telling you this... He would say you  shouldn't have a thought in your  head that we haven't put there but  you're not just a box that we're  going to fill up with our own ideas.  You have a right to know certain  things.
84) 6) dialog: But now you love me and we're going  to run away to San Francisco and  find a reformed rabbi to perform a  mixed gay marriage. Listen to me...  You're going to feel more alone than  you've ever felt in your life. It  will hit you all of a sudden and  you'll think your heart's going to  jump out of your chest, you'll think  everyone around you can hear your  heart beating, and that everyone  around you is an enemy agent. I want  you to be prepared for that. So you  can deal with it. Understand?
84) 9) dialog: We had an agent... the best we ever  had in training. We were going to  infiltrate him into Beirut and then  use him to penetrate the PFLP. No  student ever scored higher than this  man... We set up his cover for six  months in Argentina. He was perfect.  And then we sent him to Beirut. He  got off the plane, went to his hotel,  went up to his room and had a nervous  breakdown.
84) 11) dialog: We had to mount an operation to send  in a man posing as a doctor so we  could drug him and get him out on a  plane. Okay? Now you understand?  Nothing prepares you. I want you to  know that so when it hits you, you  don't panic, you feel the fear and  then get rid of it.
84) 13) dialog: You splash some water on your face.  You take some deep breaths. You look  in the mirror and when you look in  that mirror, I don't want you to  find Annibal Ramirez. You find Carlos.  If you find Carlos, that's what  everyone else will find too. And if  you find Carlos and anything goes  wrong, he's the one who can get you  out of it. Because he's the best.
84) 15) dialog: You will... you'll need a time of  decompression and it will be hard at  first, but you will. Because inside  you aren't Carlos... you aren't a  terrorist. But right now, in order  to save your life, you've got to be.  You've got to look in the mirror and  find Carlos. Do you understand?
84) 18) dialog: You won't be able to go in with a  gun... too risky... so we're going  to have to get one to you once you're  in place. How I don't know yet...  But we'll get one to you. You'll  make your way out by boat. We'll be  on it. But we won't be able to help  if anything goes wrong. We'll make  our way down the coast to a friendly  state and then fly back to London,  and from there back to the U.S.
94) 0) text: We see the silhouettes of two men against the out of focu backdrop of the city. They are Jack and Amos, chain smoki Both men dressed as fishermen. Jack checks his watch.
94) 2) dialog: Practicing safe sex, I hope.
119) 0) text: The fishing boat enters the harbor. Jack stands on the de as the boat passes under a bridge. Out of nowhere a man j onto Jack and shoves him to the ground. Holding him by th neck, Amos appears and is about to hit Ramirez but Ramire grabs Amos' arm and stares at him.
123) 0) text: Jack and Amos are with Ramirez who is furious. Amos is bi Ramirez's wounds.
123) 6) dialog: It would have been too dangerous.
123) 12) dialog: Annibal... policemen wind up shooting  other policemen... it happens. I  would rather have you here feeling  guilty about them than to know there  was a meeting in Paris tonight where  they were feeling guilty about you.
131) 0) text: The Cafeteria is crowded and noisy. Ramirez walks with hi tray as if looking for a table. There is an open seat whe Jack and Amos sit with their backs to each other at separ tables. Ramirez crosses to Jack. Ramirez is still bald bu his hair has grown out a bit.
131) 23) text: Amos. He watches it all going down in the back of a chrom napkin holder. He slowly gets up, looks around for Jack a goes out into the corridor and sees Koj and Ramirez going into the rest room. Koj sees one of those sandwich board  signs off to the side which says, "LAVATORY TEMPORARILY C FOR CLEANING." He pulls it in front of the door.
132) 3) dialog: Down!!
132) 4) text: Ramirez ducks and rolls out of the way and Amos fires two shots into Koj's chest but not before Koj can get off a r right into Amos' chest. In an instant Ramirez is on the s alive Koj grabbing his head in his hands and slamming it  down onto the edge of the sink with a thud that cracks hi skull. He quickly crosses to Amos who is dying.
132) 5) dialog: Get out of here... now...
132) 7) dialog: Get out now...
132) 10) text: Here, Amos speaks as a doomed father would to a son who s has a chance to save himself from the Holocaust.
132) 11) dialog: My dear boy... my dear dear boy... I  am dead. Please God, don't let it  all be for nothing... Get out now...
132) 12) text: Ramirez stands as Amos literally pushes him away. Ramirez the brave and dutiful son as his father says, coaching,  teaching him to the last...
132) 13) dialog: Walk slowly... no attention.
132) 14) text: Ramirez is ashen faced, knows Amos is right and forces hi to stand up and walk almost robot-like out of the restroo
136) 2) text: He shakes his head. Ramirez knows it means Amos is dead.