1) 0) text: Carlos stands in front of the mirror. The mirror is crack and in it we see the fractured face of Carlos staring bac at us from opposite sides of the cracked glass. He wears  surgical gloves. From a make up kit by the side of the si he removes a piece of false hair and spirit gum as TITLES CONTINUE. A. Carlos affixes a John Lennon mustache. B. Carlos puts on a brown wig of moderately longish hair  such as one might have seen on a student in Paris in the  early seventies. C. Carlos puts on a pair of John Lennon granny glasses an the student look is complete. D. Carlos stands in front of a full length mirror in jean and a blue work shirt over which he puts a worn grey jack He now looks every inch the young French student dressing down to look like one of the proletariat.
2) 0) text: It's a hot Sunday afternoon and the complex of shops and cafe in St. Germain-des-Pres is bustling with young clien Inside the cafe, there is a second floor with a balustrad overlooking the tables inside. Outside, there are tables up on the sidewalk. JACK SHAW, a tall, husky American in his late thirties, s at one of the front tables outside. He reads the Internat Herald Tribune. The headline is, "Terrorists Seize Embass Issue Demands And Threaten Attacks." Jack sips his espres
2) 3) text: He mimes flicking a match and Jack looks for a match. He' out. He offers the lit end of his cigarette. Carlos cups  Jack's hand.
2) 5) text: He crosses away from Jack, smiling and goes inside the ca Jack follows him absentmindedly, tracking his progress th the windows, though his view is obscured somewhat by  reflections of the street. Carlos steps casually to the  railing overlooking the tables inside as Jack sees the do image of Carlos and the reflected street scene. Carlos le over, pulls the pin from an M26 grenade, and lets the "sp come off in his hand. We HEAR the timing fuse hiss as Car nonchalantly counts to himself.
2) 7) text: He looks up just in time to see Carlos drop the grenade  casually into the crowd below. Their eyes lock for a beat then Carlos smiles, turns and bounds away. Jack's eyes wi in horror. He gets up, about to cry out a warning.
2) 10) dialog: disheveled, covered with the shattered glass of the windo but not but not seriously hurt, he struggles to his feet. looks around for Carlos who has vanished, now realizing w he was. As he looks around, he sees a SMALL BOY staring a his left arm with heart-rending disbelief. The boy has no hand.
3) 0) text: There are throngs of ambulances, police and military  personnel, wounded survivors are being tended to. All is  confusion and off in a corner we SEE Jack, standing with man in a suit. The man's name is DU FOLTIERE. He shows Ja an I.D.
3) 2) dialog: That's right.
3) 5) dialog: That's not what I told him. I said  he recognized me. Afterwards I  realized who he was. By then it was  too late.
3) 7) dialog: I wasn't the one wearing the disguise.
3) 9) dialog: How often do you see someone holding  a live grenade listening to the fuse?  Besides, the arrogant son of a bitch  bastard smiled at me.
6) 0) text: The group with the Adidas sport bags approaches the recep desk. Carlos -- moustache, sideburns, and wispy beard in  reddish brown -- smiles politely at the female RECEPTIONI Behind the reception desk are two circular staircases whi wind their way up to an elevator that is visible behind t railing at the top of the landing. There is what appears be a security man standing at that elevator with an earpi and tell-tale bulge under his jacket.
9) 0) text: Jack comes down the steps of the just-landed jet. The bli whips around his face as he walks down the stair unit and onto the tarmac, pulling his overcoat up around him.
11) 0) text: Behind the desk is CARL MICKENS, the CIA Station Chief -- tall, angular, cropped grey hair. He is in mid-conversati with Jack Shaw who sits opposite him, his overcoat over t arm of the chair in which he sits. He has obviously just  come from the airport.
11) 2) dialog: Who's asking for it?
11) 4) dialog: He does, does he?
11) 6) dialog: Who brought my name up?
11) 8) dialog: Where?
11) 10) dialog: They got him here in their own  backyard and they're gonna let him  walk away?!
11) 12) dialog: Bullshit! Let 'em handle it like the  Israelis would.
11) 14) dialog: Then let me take him out! They want  me to meet him at the airport. I can  get close enough to get a clear shot  at him. We can end this shit now.
11) 16) dialog: Fuck the hostages!
11) 17) text: Mickens looks at him almost in horror. Jack knows he has down too much of the mask of professionalism as it were.
11) 18) dialog: (apologetically) Harold, we can handle it with a  minimum loss of life.
11) 20) dialog: What do you think Carlos is gonna do  with that money? Put it in mutual  funds? He'll use it to hit us. Let  me assemble a team and we can...
12) 0) text: Carl, Jack and various other CIA functionaries walk quick down the corridor with Austrian police and intelligence  officers. Jack carries a briefcase as do they all.
12) 2) dialog: I gotta hit the john.
13) 0) text: Jack stands inside of a stall in the men's room. He has j crossed a certain frontier in his mind and stepped in to area known as no man's land. He quickly takes off his ove and jacket and we SEE attached to his arm a harness made of straps and springs. He opens his briefcase and attache to the harness a .32 caliber Beretta. He fumbles with the adjustments, racing against time. Finally, he seems to ha adjusted everything just so. Then he lowers his arm to hi side. Then he raises the right arm as if shaking hands an the harness slams the .32 caliber Beretta from his forear straight into his palm. He resets the gun back into the forearm position. He has look of grim determination on his face. The only question is, is it the look of someone who is crazy enough to do w he is contemplating.
14) 0) text: On the tarmac, an Austrian Airways DC9. TV cameras, light generators are set up in front of the plane, sending beam and pools of yellow light into the darkness and the snow  which swirls all around as a pool of REPORTERS stands rea to record whatever is about to go down. Among a small gro of OFFICIALS is Jack Shaw. Everyone's eyes are on an  approaching yellow curtained bus.
14) 2) dialog: His eyes strain to get a better look at the terrorist, hi arm down at his side.
14) 5) dialog: (whispering) I think it's him, but I can't be  sure. Not with those dark glasses  and the beard...
14) 11) text: His eye catching Jack, he stops in mid-sentence. A devili smile crosses his lips as he turns towards him. He pulls cigarette out and crosses right over to Jack, up close an as they say, very personal. The snowflakes whirl  surrealistically around them as the two stand face to fac
14) 13) text: He mimes flicking a match. He takes off his glasses and l at Jack and smiles.
14) 15) text: With a cunning, mocking smile he extends his hand out to  shake Jack's. Jack stares at him, ever so slowly beginnin to raise his hand. With that move he knows the gun will c slapping into his palm and he will be able to take Carlos out no matter what the cost.
14) 16) dialog: (smiling) Eat shit and die slow.
14) 19) text: Jack turns to look at Mickens. Mickens indicates the  photographers.
14) 21) text: Jack is momentarily confused. He has turned to Mickens  thinking perhaps he was calling out a warning and now the moment for the shot has passed. He turns back to Carlos w shrugs and steps over to the Austrian minister so that th Minister now is between Jack and Carlos and the shot is l
23) 0) text: This is a high-tech, ultra modern chrome and glass room w features a map of the world etched in plexiglass with  terrorist hot-spots marked prominently. On the glass as w is the logo of the CIA. In this Situation Room we find WI SCOTT III, a 50-year-old pin-striped suiter who appears t be amused. With him is Monroe, his Black deputy and Jack. front of Jack, spread out on the desk is a file on Ramire We SEE it as Jack does. Notes on the interrogation, Polar photos of Ramirez in custory and the developed pictures f the roll of film which Ramirez was taking in Jerusalem. J listens to Scott and Monroe, but as he does he is taking all the information in Ramirez's file, making no judgment just taking in information.
23) 3) text: Jack, however, isn't sniggering. He's thinking hard as he looks at all the information on the desk.
23) 4) dialog: You're not gettin' it are ya?
23) 6) dialog: These weren't some yokels... This  was the Israeli General Security  Service... The Mossad. The best in  the business. They have the most  complete dossier there is on Carlos,  the latest pictures of him...  everything. I mean what's that tell  you?
23) 8) dialog: Scott... doesn't it hurt to walk  around like that with your head up  your ass... I mean isn't it painful?
26) 0) text: It's a stucco, single-level structure in a clean, middle  income neighborhood. Jack Shaw pulls up, crosses out of h car and knocks on the door. The door opens revealing Rami in a T-shirt and pair of sweats. Jack looks at his face, unmistakable face of Carlos.
26) 2) dialog: Jesus...
26) 4) dialog: Lieutenant Commander Ramirez my name  is Jack Shaw... I'm with the  government... I'd like to talk to  you about what happened in Israel.
27) 4) dialog: Mrs. Meir is dead, Lieutenant  Commander.
27) 6) text: Jack chuckles.
27) 7) dialog: Commander Ramirez when I said I was  from the government, perhaps I should  have been more specific. I'm from  the CIA.
27) 8) text: Jack reaches down, opens his briefcase and pulls out a la photo album-like briefing book. He opens it up and hands to Ramirez. On the first page there is an 8Г—10 enlargeme of a photo of Carlos entering a building. It is grainy bu it certainly looks exactly like Ramirez.
27) 9) dialog: Does the man in that picture look  familiar?
27) 10) text: Ramirez looks at the picture with the same look on his fa that Jack had when he saw Ramirez for the first time.
27) 13) dialog: I know it's not you.
27) 15) text: Just then, Joey yells from the tree he's in. Jack  automatically hides the picture as if the kid were from a rival intelligence agency.
27) 18) text: Now when Jack speaks it is more guarded and in even quiet tones.
27) 19) dialog: This is the only recent shot we have  of him... telescopic lens from half  a mile away taken by the Israelis.  Can you blame 'em for what happened?  The only difference is the eyes.
27) 22) dialog: Lieutenant Commander, I am not here  about your lawsuit. Carlos is the  single most vicious terrorist in the  world. He's personally carried out  or masterminded the worst terrorist  attacks in modern history. Men, women,  children. Children like yours...  blown to bits or slaughtered in cold  blood. Annibal... why did you join  the Navy?
27) 24) dialog: To serve your country... to protect  her from her enemies. Well Carlos is  one of her enemies now. And he'll  probably become a bigger one...  terrorism... unfortunately is a growth  industry.
27) 26) dialog: Lieutenant Commander, the governments  of most countries in the free world  have been after Carlos for ten years  and we have nothing to show for it.  There is exactly one person in the  world who can help us get Carlos.  And that person is you.
27) 28) dialog: All I can tell you is it may take as  much as six months to a year of  preparation. It will involve a high  degree of risk. That much said, you  may never as much as lay eyes on him  yourself. But if we succeed Carlos  won't be a threat to anyone anymore.  Now I know you're going to need some  time to think about it so...
27) 30) dialog: Annibal...
27) 32) text: We HOLD on Ramirez's look and Jack's half-smile.
28) 11) text: He looks uncomfortably over to his aide who gently keeps line moving. CAMERA FOLLOWS ANNIBAL AND MAURA DOWN THE  RECEPTION LINE. There in front of them is Jack in a white linen suit.
28) 12) dialog: We do keep bumping into each other  don't we. How do you do, Mrs. Ramirez?  I was over at your lovely home the  other day but I felt cheated because  I had to leave before I had the  pleasure of meeting you.
28) 14) dialog: Para servirle, Yo soy encantado de  conocerte.
28) 16) dialog: Shaw... Jack Shaw.
28) 19) dialog: Perdonname, I didn't think you'd be  embarrassed to speak Spanish in front  of the Admiral. A sus ordenes.
28) 22) text: Jack steps up behind him. Jack holds a small wrapped pack
28) 23) dialog: Let me guess the white wine is for  your wife right? Cause you're afraid  to drink anything stronger than club  soda around the brass. How do you  stand this shit Annibal? I mean  they're all so fuckin' constipated.
28) 25) text: Jack stands in front of him blocking his way.
28) 26) dialog: Oh there's a fiery retort.
28) 28) dialog: I'd believe it if you said it a little  louder...
28) 30) dialog: Look at these guys. You don't belong  with them. You belong with me. What  did Darth Vader say to Luke? Come  over to the dark side? You have no  idea of the power we have.
28) 32) dialog: How's it going to look in your jacket?  Your country came to you requesting  help and you turned it down. Not  exactly promotion material, know  what I mean? These people don't want  you in their club, Annibal. I do.
29) 2) text: Revealing it is Jack who is at the door.
29) 3) dialog: I want you to come with me.
29) 5) dialog: Okay. Then you are ordered to come  with me.
29) 7) text: Just then the cellular phone which Jack holds rings. Jack smiles and holds out the phone to Ramirez.
29) 8) dialog: It's for you.
29) 11) text: We HOLD for a beat on Ramirez's look at Jack who stands t unable to keep from smiling.
30) 0) text: A helicopter lands in its air ambulance spot outside the  Emergency Room entrance of Bethesda Naval Hospital. Out s Ramirez and Jack. They cross over to the hospital entranc We SEE a sign on the wall identifying this as BETHESDA NA HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY ROOM ENTRANCE.
31) 0) text: Jack is there with Ramirez. He hands Ramirez a white lab  coat and puts one on himself. Ramirez's coat has a tag he doesn't even notice, which says: DR. RAMIREZ on it.
31) 2) dialog: Put it on.
31) 4) dialog: Because I just told you to. You need  a phone call for that, too?
32) 0) text: Jack and Ramirez walk down the corridor.
32) 1) dialog: The boy was flown here from Germany.  His parents are U.S. military  personnel. Navy family. A bomb was  planted in a grocery store that was  frequented mainly by U.S. military  dependents. They believe it was Carlos  or one of the Cells he runs. How old  is your kid?
32) 4) dialog: Hmmph... so is this kid.
33) 1) text: ON Jack and Ramirez. They watch this scene through the li window in the door and then they enter the room.
33) 4) dialog: Doctor Ramirez, Lieutenant and Mrs.  Newcomb... the parents of the child  who was wounded in the terrorist  attack.
33) 5) text: Ramirez's eyes dart in panic from Jack to the Newcombs. T stick out their hands. Finally, he offers his.
33) 7) dialog: He's going to help out.
33) 9) dialog: He's the only one.
33) 10) text: Jack turns to Ramirez.
33) 11) dialog: Here's the boy's chart, Doctor. As  you can see, one kidney was destroyed  by the shrapnel. There's a large  perforation in the left lung, the  spleen, the large intestine, the  stomach lining were all torn. There  are over a hundred individual shrapnel  fragments. It was obviously designed  by Carlos to maim, not to kill.
34) 0) text: Ramirez and Jack walk down the corridor. Ramirez is teari off the lab coat.
34) 2) text: Jack reaches into the large pocket of his lab coat and pu out a small photo album, the kind families use to put in 3Г—5 photos of their vacations. He puts it into Ramirez's hand.
34) 3) dialog: To get what I want?
34) 5) dialog: These are pictures of just some of  Carlos' victims. Most of them are  children. We haven't had time to get  that kid's picture in yet. Up until  I heard about you, all we could do  about Carlos was take pictures of  his victims. I wasn't lying to those  people. You are the only one who can  do anything about Carlos. I'm not  the bad guy, Annibal. Carlos is. I'm  just trying to make you see the  choices.
34) 7) dialog: Who are you angry at? Me for bringing  you down here or Carlos for blowing  up that kid? Which of us deserves  your anger?
35) 0) text: Ramirez sits at his desk looking at the presentation book Jack gave him. The study is a reflection of the man, Navy pennants, photos, ships in bottles, family photographs. H is very much at home in this sanctuary.
38) 0) text: We SEE Jack's car with him and Ramirez in it driving into the cemetery. As it does, it crosses in front of a video  camera inconspicuously placed in a tree.
39) 0) text: A camera mounted atop a light fixture pans with Jack's ca all the way up to the prison entrance. Signs on the priso proclaim that it is closed and that trespassing is forbid As Jack pulls up at the prison, a plainclothed operative  comes out and as Ramirez and Jack pull Ramirez's bag out the car, the operative slips into the driver's side and w it away. The ground around the area is full of snow that not been plowed so the look of desertion is complete.
40) 0) text: There is an observation tower in the middle of the room w has become home to the pigeons who now flap noisily out o it as Jack crosses with Ramirez. The place has the look o an impromptu military encampment in a bombed out wreck of building. In the observation room are several nondescript types. Jack shows Ramirez in.
40) 1) dialog: This is an ad hoc operation set up  specifically for your mission. When  that's over, not even a trace of it  will remain. You don't need to know  anyone's name. And from now on, your  name is Miguel... Security.
40) 3) dialog: (smiling) Of course it is.
41) 0) text: Jack walks Ramirez down the corridor. They pass the  Surveillance Room, the small cell with its satellite dish and single computer terminal and operator established ear as Technician #1. From here, cables snake their way along everywhere. The place has the look of a mobile high-tech station that just happens to be set up in a former prison Ramirez looks around. The idea of being in a prison is  obviously uncomfortable for him.
41) 1) dialog: Your mother is Irish... Irish  American.
41) 3) dialog: Something wrong, Miguel?
41) 5) dialog: Your father was in a Cuban prison if  I'm correct.
41) 7) dialog: Your mother used to take you to visit  him there, didn't she?
41) 9) dialog: I'm sure that's a disturbing memory.
41) 12) dialog: Let's just say everything has its  purpose. And Miguel... no one is to  know anything about you other than  that you're our student. So don't  call me sir, because it's like wearing  a sign on your forehead that you're  military. From here on out forget  the Navy.
42) 0) text: Jack and Ramirez walk along until they come to a site whi could as easily be in a space station on the dark side of the moon. There in the middle of a huge room looms a plas enshrouded satellite tracking system. The plastic hangs d from the roof encapsulating this area to protect all of t state of the art computer equipment from the dust. Inside this plastic shrouded space we SEE technicians at monitor which display every approach to the prison as well as mon which display the surveillance images transmitted back vi satellite.
42) 1) dialog: This is our surveillance and satellite  tracking center. Just as we are  plotting to destroy Carlos, if he  knew what we're trying to do, I assure  you he'd try to find a way to kill  us first.
43) 0) text: Jack pushes through the plastic shroud into a command cen like room. He and Ramirez enter. This place is high-tech, computers and neon lighting.
43) 1) dialog: Carlos has two main safe houses. One  in Libya, one in East Germany. We  have satellites that pass over each  one three times a day. Unfortunately,  the Russians know exactly when our  satellites are in position so we  have to assume that Carlos knows as  well.
43) 3) dialog: There's one person I want you to  meet, though I think the two of you  have already been introduced.
43) 10) dialog: Miguel, this is a combined Israeli- American operation. Amos here knows  Carlos better than anyone in the  free world. He was the one who took  that picture of Carlos in Libya.
43) 15) dialog: That by the way, is the last question  you're going to ask. From now on  you'll get information when and how  we want you to get it. Not before.  You don't ask questions, you just do  what you're told.
44) 0) text: Amos, Jack and Ramirez walk amongst the tombstones. Jack Amos have warm coats. Ramirez does not. He shivers in the cold, but tries not to show his discomfort.
44) 2) text: Jack walks right up to Ramirez and mimes a gun with his t and index finger and puts it right up to Ramirez's temple and goes...
44) 3) dialog: Dead! And I'll tell you the truth. I  honestly in my heart of hearts don't  care whether you live or die. Don't  take that personal. I don't care  whether I live or die. I do care  about getting Carlos. That's all I  care about.
44) 8) dialog: You already have. What were the names  on the last three tombstones you  passed on your right?
44) 10) dialog: That's what will get you killed.  Carlos is always looking... always  paying attention. Always.
44) 14) dialog: And if you learn what we can teach  you, you'll be one, too. If not,  you'll be dead.
45) 0) text: It is a huge, empty room. Ramirez sits at the lone table Amos enters. Ramirez is eating a bowl of porridge. His br steams out in the cold. The room is freezing but instead a warm jacket, he wears light prison overalls.
45) 7) text: From now on, unless otherwise indicated Ramirez is in the too-tight shirt and tie and light jacket. Jack is in the distance, observing.
47) 0) text: As Jack and Ramirez walk toward the cemetery, we SEE Rami who wears a lightweight white parka so that he shivers in the cold in contrast to Jack's heavy winter gear. Ramirez carries what appears to be a gun.
47) 1) dialog: You need to not only remember the  names on every tombstone, but where  they are so when I call out a name,  you whirl and shoot.
47) 2) text: They walk into a scene that is completely surreal. Standi behind every tombstone is one of the crew of trainers. Each man wears a white parka and white pants against the  freezing cold. In the center of their impromptu circle st Ramirez, also wearing white, but of much lighter material that he shivers in the cold. All of them including Ramire hold paint pellet guns. It is a cemetery full of living  targets which can shoot back. Jack stands outside the cir
47) 4) dialog: Brisson! We don't want you to be  comfortable. That's just what will  get you killed.
47) 6) dialog: DuPres! Paquet!
48) 0) text: In the middle of a huge room, a movie set has been erecte There are flats supported by sand bags which form the "se of a kitchen. The set is perfect in every way but its pos inside of a huge prison hall lends a quality of the macab since no movie is being shot here and no audience will ev see these performances. Jack is there with Ramirez. He op the refrigerator and Ramirez looks inside as Jack times h on his watch, then closes the refrigerator. Ramirez sneez He has caught a cold but must ignore it.
48) 2) dialog: What kind of milk, how many cartons,  open or closed, what kind of juice,  how full was the bottle, was it  cottage cheese or cream cheese, how  many bottles of beer, how many  tomatoes? This is life and death!
48) 3) text: Jack opens the cupboard.
48) 4) dialog: Look here... Ten seconds, how many  cups, saucers, plates, look this  time!
50) 0) text: Ramirez once again stands in the center in his lightweigh white parka surrounded by trainers in heavy white parkas. Jack is nearby.
50) 1) dialog: Here's the thing about Carlos. He  doesn't fit any mold. His father is  an extraordinarily wealthy playboy  who's a Marxist at the same time...  DuFraisne!
50) 2) text: Ramirez whirls and misses and is hit by the trainer. Jack shakes his head and continues.
50) 3) dialog: The guy's such a fanatic he names  his three sons after Lenin. And I  don't mean John. The same thing is  true for Carlos. He's a guerilla  fighter who loves champagne and  caviar... LaPierre!
50) 4) text: Ramirez whirls and hits the trainer in his shoulder at th same time that he himself is hit. Jack's look betrays no  emotion.
50) 5) dialog: He doesn't want to be Che Guevara,  he wants to be the James Bond of the  People's Liberation Front. It's not  so much radical chic as an excuse  for sadism. Paquet!
51) 0) text: We are speeding down the road in a suped-up open Jeep POV Ramirez, who is driving. Suddenly, we SEE Jack and Amos u ahead. Amos pulls a lever and a barrier snaps up at chest level across the road. We jam on the brakes and
52) 4) dialog: Dead again.
53) 0) text: Ramirez and Jack walk together on the belvedere which is observation area with a railing around it, overlooking th abandoned prison. In between the belvedere and the prison a field which is almost completely barren except for one  tree. It sits down below. In the distance, we SEE a snow mobile approach with its l on. Just then, Jack takes a pocket sized remote transmitt and slips it into the front pocket of Ramirez's jacket,  turning it on as he does.
53) 2) dialog: It's a transmitter.
53) 4) dialog: Target practice. You're the target.
53) 5) text: Jack quickly moves away from Ramirez. As Ramirez moves, h notices that the snow mobile changes direction as well, a continues to home in on him. And then there is a second s mobile. And then a third, all of them coming straight for him. He starts to run. The snow mobiles turn and continue bearing down on him, driving him closer toward the railin We SEE the snow mobiles are controlled by radio antennas, evidently homing in on his transmitter. Jack, who has moved quite a ways off, pulls out a Beretta and sets it on the rail. We SEE on the snow mobiles, a li up remote device.
53) 6) dialog: If you shoot out the receivers,  they'll stop. There are ten rounds  in this clip. The first two are live,  the next three dummy, then three  live, two dummy.
53) 7) text: Ramirez stands like a deer in the headlights for an insta and then goes running for the gun. He cannot make it to t gun before the first snow mobile barrels down upon him. H is right against the rail now and goes diving into the sn The snow mobile goes directly over him and crashes throug the rail, falling down to the field below. Ramirez is up running, grabs the gun, fires two rounds and misses, then hits three dummy rounds which click away as the second sn mobile draws closer. Then he fires and hits a headlight,  then fires and misses, then fires and hits the remote dev That snow mobile stops in its tracks. The third now barre down on Ramirez. He clicks off two dummy rounds and just  before the snow mobile hits him, a shot rings out. The  receiver shatters and we SEE Jack standing with the smoki gun with which he has just saved Ramirez's life.
53) 8) dialog: Three times dead.
54) 0) text: It is after lunch and Jack and Amos are eating ice cream  sundaes while Ramirez sits eating the last bit of porridg from the huge bowl.
54) 10) dialog: And not a Navy Lieutenant Commander,  which is exactly what would get you  killed.
54) 12) dialog: We couldn't just let you study Carlos.  If this thing is going to work, you  have to become him.
54) 16) dialog: When he was in school he was a scrawny  little kid. The last one to get picked  for any teams. He felt as clumsy as  we've made you feel...
55) 0) text: Ramirez walks casually through the living room with camer following. Amos and Jack walk behind him. Ramirez bends d to tie his shoe near the sofa. He crosses into the kitche and camera follows. He opens the refrigerator and takes o a carton of milk. He takes a drink from the carton and  dribbles some onto his shirt and onto the floor. He gets "I'm such a slob" look on his face. Then he replaces the  milk, crosses to the sink, takes the sponge off the sink a paper towel. He mops up the spill with the sponge first and then with the paper towel, then tosses the paper towe into the trash. As he speaks, Ramirez himself will be ama at how much he is able to deduce using the techniques he' been taught.
55) 1) dialog: (looking at watch) Time's up.
55) 4) dialog: How do you know?
55) 8) dialog: What else?
55) 10) text: He looks down at Jack's shoes.
55) 14) text: He crosses to Jack and sniffs Jack as well.
55) 16) text: He holds index finger and thumb up to Jack's head like a  gun, reprising his mentor's gesture to him and making the sound of a gunshot with his mouth.
56) 0) text: We have four quick cuts. Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! In each one, Ramirez who stands in the center of the trainers, whirls  like a ballet dancer and beats each trainer to the punch, hitting dead center on each one with his paint pellet gun From the side, Amos and Jack nod to each other approvingl
57) 0) text: A triumphant Ramirez walks with Amos and Jack.
57) 1) dialog: The plan is to get the KGB to  eliminate Carlos for us. Carlos knows  every link between the KGB and every  terrorist organization in the world.  He's not only the smoking gun, he  knows every contact there ever was.  We make the KGB think that Carlos is  ready to turn... ready to go over to  the CIA, and they'll take him out.
60) 0) text: We are in a new setting. It is a kind of dungeon, perhaps once a solitary confinement cell. It is crowded here now  with Jack, Amos, and Technician #1 who sit in front of a bank of monitors. On one we SEE Ramirez eating in the  cafeteria.
65) 4) text: Ramirez is dressed as a doctor, operating on a patient wi Jack assisting him. Ramirez pulls a brain out of the pati head.
65) 6) text: He tosses the brain to Jack who catches it.
65) 7) dialog: Brilliant, Doctor!
65) 8) text: Jack eats the brain.
65) 9) dialog: And tasty, too!
69) 0) text: Jack and Amos walk down the corridor. They both look as i they have been up all night, which indeed they have. Both are in need of a shower and shave.
69) 2) dialog: I'd rather have him wind up in a  mental institution fucked up on LSD  than shot in some back alley in Libya.  If he can't handle this, he sure as  shit can't handle going operational.
72) 0) text: Ramirez drives and we SEE that he has an earpiece which g to a Walkman tape recorder. We HEAR the instructions bein fed to him on the tape in Jack's voice:
72) 1) dialog: You're going to hit a hairpin turn  exactly three tenths of a mile from  the stop sign which should be coming  into view at any minute.
72) 3) dialog: Don't stop for the stop sign, don't  even slow down for it. You've got to  hit the hairpin exactly fifteen  seconds after you pass the stop sign.
72) 5) dialog: The hairpin should be right in front  of you. Keep your focus. You can't  let down even after you negotiate  the turn. You never know what's going  to be around the next corner... or  whose life might depend on your  reactions.
73) 0) text: We have a shot of the road, POV Ramirez through the  windshield. Suddenly as we negotiate the hairpin turn, th up ahead of us sits Jacks in the middle of the road TIED A CHAIR, looking straight at us.
73) 1) dialog: sitting straight, tied into the chair so that he could no run if he wanted to. He doesn't move, just stares forward as if trying to lock eyes with Ramirez.
73) 3) text: The Jeep turns slightly to the right, then sharply to the left. And as its back wheels lock, it slides and complete the 180-degree turn. Just short of Jack.
73) 4) dialog: His face is white, his stare frozen. He has seen death be Never that close.
73) 7) dialog: You can't let down! This isn't a  game... it is life and death. You  have to be ready for anything, all  the time.
73) 10) dialog: (calmly) The clip in your gun has three live,  two dummy, one live, three dummy,  one live.
73) 11) text: Ramirez looks at him, pushed to the breaking point now. H pulls the transmitter out of his pocket and crosses right Jack and stuffs it in Jack's pocket.
73) 13) text: Ramirez waits for Jack to say something... to protest... say anything. Jack says nothing. Ramirez turns in a fury starts walking away as the snowmobiles bear down from fou different directions, coming straight towards Jack. Jack  says absolutely nothing. Ramirez turns and sees Jack is m absolutely no attempt to toss the transmitter. Jack simpl locks eyes with Ramirez. Jack is not going to budge. Rami turns his back and is about to continue walking away but noise of the snowmobiles bearing on the unrelenting Jack  grows louder. Ramirez can take it no more. He turns, pull out the gun and must run right to where Jack is in order get shots off at each snowmobile. He fires through the du rounds until he takes out all four snowmobiles, the last which comes to rest only a few feet away from them both.  Ramirez is exhausted. When Jack speaks it is quietly and  with contempt.
73) 14) dialog: You pussy. You rule-following pussy.
73) 15) text: Ramirez turns, looking at Jack, unable to believe his ear
73) 16) dialog: You know why you don't fuck around  on your wife? Not because you don't  want to. You're a man. You want to  fuck everything. But you don't...  because you're afraid it would cost  you what... your wife, your family,  your self respect maybe...
73) 17) text: As we watch Ramirez listening to Jack, we can see him goi over the edge.
73) 18) dialog: ...You know what Carlos would do if  he was married? He'd bring whatever  woman he wanted home and make his  wife fuck her. That's what no rules  means. That's what you're too much  of a pussy to get.
73) 19) text: Ramirez walks straight over to Jack, pulls his hair back that Jack is staring up at him and then he puts the barre of his gun at Jack's temple. Ramirez is not bluffing now. has gone completely into the dark side for the first time
73) 21) text: He stares down at Jack and we can see that Jack does not  remember the count, as Ramirez pulls the trigger. CLICK!
73) 24) dialog: (perversely proud) Yes, my good son...
73) 31) dialog: Stay out of it.
73) 33) text: Ramirez stays with the gun pointed at Jack. It is obvious is in a killing mood, perfectly ready and willing to sque the trigger once again. Amos takes the gun from Ramirez,  points it up and pulls the trigger... KABOOM!
75) 0) text: Jack is in the car with Amos, who drives, and Ramirez. Ra has a bandage across his nose. He has black eyes from pla surgery. Jack hands Ramirez a small bundle which he opens Inside is a black T-shirt and black jeans.
75) 2) dialog: What you'll wear from now on. Black  T-shirt and jeans... it's the only  thing Carlos ever wears whenever  he's not out being a terrorist. It's  the opposite of what he was forced  to wear as a child... you know...  the school uniforms, the white tight  collared shirts... It's become like  a fetish for him.
75) 5) dialog: She's a Venezuelan. She was Carlos'  main squeeze about fifteen years  ago. She'll put the finishing touches  on the act.
75) 9) dialog: He put her on an airplane with a  bomb in her suitcase. She would have  gone up with everything else. What's  that song say? There are fifty ways  to leave your lover? Make that fifty- one.
75) 11) dialog: So it's not gonna be a hardship.
75) 13) dialog: Making love to her.
75) 14) text: Ramirez looks at Jack in shock.
75) 15) dialog: Annibal... the way in is a woman...  her name is Agnieska. It's part of  the trap. The KGB will be watching  her... we'll make sure of that...  She's a more recent girlfriend of  Carlos... But they've got to be  convinced and so does she. Carlos,  you, are going to ask her to do  something. She has to believe you're  him or she won't risk it.
75) 17) dialog: What the fuck are you lookin' at?  You're gonna help murder this guy,  you draw the moral line at  extramarital sex?
75) 19) dialog: Don't think of it as cheating. Think  of it as fucking for the flag.
83) 0) text: Ramirez stands looking out to the horizon, smoking a ciga when Jack comes up behind him.
83) 1) dialog: Well... not the most painful way to  burn your bridges behind you, huh  Miguel?
83) 3) dialog: Saint Miguel the faithful husband is  dead. Long live Carlos. You've cheated  on your wife... now you can do  anything.
83) 5) dialog: Hey, pussy's pussy.
83) 8) text: The look on Jack's face for once, having been caught  completely off guard, betrays the fact that Ramirez is de on. Just then, we HEAR:
83) 10) dialog: Got what confirmed?
88) 11) text: Ramirez carefully opens the door. In walks a young, rathe innocent-looking WAITER with a jar of ice water. He wears fez on his head. As he places it on a table, Ramirez eyes him with suspicion. Suddenly the waiter reaches underneat his jacket and... pulls out a small handgun.
94) 0) text: We see the silhouettes of two men against the out of focu backdrop of the city. They are Jack and Amos, chain smoki Both men dressed as fishermen. Jack checks his watch.
94) 1) dialog: I wonder what he's doing now.
119) 0) text: The fishing boat enters the harbor. Jack stands on the de as the boat passes under a bridge. Out of nowhere a man j onto Jack and shoves him to the ground. Holding him by th neck, Amos appears and is about to hit Ramirez but Ramire grabs Amos' arm and stares at him.
123) 0) text: Jack and Amos are with Ramirez who is furious. Amos is bi Ramirez's wounds.
123) 2) dialog: We didn't. How the fuck should we  know?
123) 4) dialog: They didn't tell us this time. Why  should they it was their operation.  And we sure as shit weren't gonna  let them in on you being here.
123) 8) dialog: Annibal, the important thing was it  worked! The Russians have to think  it was Carlos now... . What did they  see? They trail the girl... and then  there's a shoot out. Let's make sure  they know it was DST... we can make  sure they get that information. If  they know the DST was there then  what were they doing there if it  wasn't to get Carlos. She betrayed  you, so tomorrow we take her name  off the bank account and we set up  another place for them to get their  pictures. We burned Libya but okay  so we'll find another place. The  only thing that matters is they've  got to believe it now. It's perfect!
123) 10) dialog: Hey fuck our allies!
123) 13) dialog: Annibal... you did what you had to  do and it worked. All the training  worked. Carlos couldn't have done it  any better.
131) 0) text: The Cafeteria is crowded and noisy. Ramirez walks with hi tray as if looking for a table. There is an open seat whe Jack and Amos sit with their backs to each other at separ tables. Ramirez crosses to Jack. Ramirez is still bald bu his hair has grown out a bit.
131) 2) dialog: No, go right ahead.
131) 5) dialog: This isn't the place for this  conversation.
131) 7) dialog: No he won't. He's gonna make a move  and it'll be in Europe just to stick  it up the DST's nose. I'm gonna go  and find out about our connecting  flight.
131) 23) text: Amos. He watches it all going down in the back of a chrom napkin holder. He slowly gets up, looks around for Jack a goes out into the corridor and sees Koj and Ramirez going into the rest room. Koj sees one of those sandwich board  signs off to the side which says, "LAVATORY TEMPORARILY C FOR CLEANING." He pulls it in front of the door.
133) 0) text: On a long shot we SEE Ramirez walk down the corridor till sees Jack. He says a few words to him and then starts to  walk back toward the restroom. Jack grabs his arm and  literally walks him out of the corridor and down an escal
134) 0) text: Jack and Ramirez stand next to a phone booth. Jack is on phone dialing. A voice with a cool British accent answers the other end.
134) 2) dialog: Mister Simon Wicks, please.
134) 5) dialog: This is Jack Shaw. Could you send a  clean-up crew to Heathrow. We've had  a rather nasty spill.
136) 0) text: Ramirez is with Jack who is on the phone.
136) 1) dialog: (into phone) Yes... I'm calling about my cousin...  Oh Jesus... Oh Jesus...
136) 4) dialog: (into phone) I understand... Yes... Good bye.
136) 7) dialog: He's dead.
136) 9) dialog: (dead panned) He would have been dead anyway and  he knew it. That's why he told you  to get out.
136) 11) dialog: (after a beat) Looks like you're going to get to  see your family after all.
136) 13) dialog: You're going home... it's off... for  the time being at least.
136) 15) dialog: Tough shit what you want, Annibal.  Koj had a ticket for Libya on him.  Chances are he wasn't looking for  you but...
136) 17) dialog: That's what I think too but the  Director wants an operation review  board... The DST shoot out... the  girl winds up dead in Paris... now  this... I've got to go back for the  review and you've got to go home.
136) 19) dialog: What do you mean it was your fault?
136) 21) dialog: It was a password... you didn't know  it... anything you would have tried  would have backfired. I had a thing  like that... Awfully warm for this  time of year... the response was,  yes but not as sticky as two summers  ago... the guy says anything else...  he even hesitates, you shoot him. I  shot him... There was nothing else  you could have done.
136) 23) dialog: Nobody's askin' you. They're shuttin'  us down. You go back home... maybe  I'll see you again... maybe I won't.  You'll either hear from me or you'll  get new sea duty and that's the end  of it.
136) 26) dialog: Just like that. I ain't the Madam  kid... I'm just one of the whores.  And so are you.
144) 0) text: Ramirez enters and sees Jack who smiles his cynical smile
144) 1) dialog: Little League, huh? Tough game.
144) 3) dialog: It's show time.
145) 0) text: Ramirez exits with Jack and starts across the street in t rain.
145) 2) dialog: There isn't any time. He's on his  way to East Berlin. We have word  he's planning another attack in  Europe. He'll be there maybe four  days at the most.
145) 5) dialog: Hey, he was a baseball dad. He  deserved it. Besides, from what I  heard his kid was out, so what's the  beef?
145) 7) dialog: What happened to I want the son of a  bitch dead? You think Carlos has had  a change of heart and turned nice  all of a sudden?
145) 9) dialog: You want to get back to bein' you?  Then finish it. Kill him. Kill him  and he's dead and it's over with.  You walk away from it now and what  do you think you're gonna be like  the next time you read that that son  of a bitch blew up some airplane  full of women and kids.
145) 11) dialog: This isn't abstract, Annibal. You're  walkin' around with his face. Sooner  or later one of the bad guys is gonna  see it like Koj did, and next time  Amos won't be there to take the bullet  for you. Carlos doesn't forget. You  help me get him or you're never gonna  know when he's comin' after you...  Listen to me kid. I don't have any  friends, no family, no nothin'. The  only relationships I ever had that  mattered to me were with the people  I killed. But I... I fucking created  you! You can't just walk away now.
145) 13) text: There is a long pause. Jack turns cold as ice.
145) 14) dialog: This doesn't have anything to do  with you and me. It's you and Carlos.  You help me kill him... or I swear  to you... I'll make sure he knows  about you... I'll use you for bait.  You and your whole fuckin' family  too.
145) 15) text: Ramirez grabs him and throws him against a parked car. He begins choking Jack. He may well kill him. Though Ramirez doesn't see it at first, Jack's gun is already out. Jack  nudges Ramirez in the stomach with it. Jack is choking, u to speak, but the gun is speaking for him.
145) 16) dialog: Huh? Huh?
145) 18) dialog: You want to try and kill me, that  doesn't solve your problem, pally.  You've got a Carlos problem. That's  the guy you've got to kill. That's  what it's all about now... you...  and your family... or him.
148) 0) text: We are ON the ramparts on the top of the Berlin Wall. The are platforms from which people can stand and look into E Berlin, they're covered with graffiti to the East Germans LET MY PEOPLE GO, that sort of thing. They look down over they dingy wall that divides the city marked with machine gun nests and observation posts. Jack stands there with  Ramirez.
148) 1) dialog: We used a double agent to get word  to the Russians that Carlos is really  here to close his deal with us and  not to plan a new attack in Europe.  He has a new girlfriend... He's been  fucking her brains out since he got  here. He has her brought over every  night in a limo. You'll be dropped  near the mansion... as soon as she  goes in, you make as if you're  sneaking out... the Russians will be  watching. You'll go to the meet.  It's at that beer hall, there...  see? You see it?
148) 4) dialog: You go to the meet at the beer hall.  Play it out... let 'em take your  picture... then you've got to get  back. They're going to have to analyze  the pictures and see through your  disguise before they can authorize a  hit. They won't be able to do that  before you're able to get back to  the mansion. At twenty-one fifteen a  Volga with diplomatic plates, DC- four-five-nine-two will come by the  northeast corner of the compound. It  will slow down... you jump in. If  you can't make it for any reason,  there will be another run at exactly  twenty-one forty-five. It's your  only ticket out so don't be late.
148) 6) dialog: Me... My ass is on the line too.
148) 8) dialog: If the Russians don't go for the  bait for any reason you will have  gotten out of there at twenty-one  fifteen per orders.
154) 7) text: A clear, unobstructed picture of Jack and Ramirez up clos CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, CLICK... The rapid CLICKING s only when the view of the two is blocked again by other  people.
157) 0) text: Jack takes off his disguise as he drives the Volga to the appointed corner of Carlos' compound. He looks at his wat reads: 9:15 as he slows the car to a crawl.
157) 1) dialog: (to himself) Come on... come on...
158) 0) text: Jack sees that Ramirez is not going to show.
158) 1) dialog: Shit.
159) 12) text: As the aquiline nose assumes the shape of the Jackal's -- the hair changes both color and form to match his -- the faces on the screen become identical.
167) 21) text: He seems truly eager to leave with them now, as if confid he can prove his case. Dressed, with the exception of a  jacket, he casually grabs one which lies on a nearby chai
170) 3) text: Glued to the back of a tree, the Jackal cuts them down wi one short burst and goes for the KGBs who appear at the b window. As they take cover, he quickly confiscates a  Kalashnikov from the dead KGB closest to him and makes it the high wall which encircles the place. Carlos climbs over the wall with the Kalashnikov and drop outside the compound to the grass below.
170) 12) text: Jack just stares at him and then lowers his gun.
170) 13) dialog: Let's get the fuck out of here.
170) 15) dialog: He gets that sixth sense feeling and turns around, his gu raised and pointed at the man whose hand is now on the pi Is it Carlos or Ramirez, who is standing there with pisto in hand almost turned to Jack but still at a disadvantage this Mexican stand off.
170) 16) dialog: Have you come looking for me now,  Annibal?
170) 18) dialog: Awfully warm for this time of year  isn't it?
170) 19) text: The man with the pistol knows this is a password of some  kind and the look on his face betrays the fact that he do have an answer. Jack is just about to shoot him when a bu of machine gun fire is heard from the approaching cars an it rips into the tree next to Jack who dives for cover. That act of self-preservation gives the man we now realiz is the real Carlos the chance he needs. With catlike grac he dives, rolls and vanishes into the shadows. He has got away and Jack has to decide whether to go after his quarr or rescue his friend. He opts for the latter, scoops up  Annibal and throws him into the Volga and speeds off as c approach from the other side.
172) 0) text: Ramirez is in bed, hooked up to all the monitors and tube and IVs but he is going to make it. Jack is there with hi having just entered.
172) 2) dialog: How you feeling?
172) 4) text: Jack nods his head. Ramirez almost breaks down in tears.  Jack crosses to him to comfort him.
172) 6) dialog: No it wasn't. He's finished. The KGB  bought it. As far as they're  concerned, he's the enemy now. He'll  bounce around from one country to  the next. But his paymasters have  disowned him. None of their client  states will risk using him. No one'll  trust him again. He'll spend the  rest of his life looking over his  shoulder waiting to be betrayed. And  it'll happen... sooner or later...  when it's to some country's  advantage... they'll give him up or  they'll trade him. He's finished. It  worked and he's finished.
176) 0) text: The cemetery is set up for a funeral. There are various N officers and their families in the chairs. At the back of all stands Jack wearing sunglasses, his face a mask into  which it is impossible to read any emotion of any kind. T are four graves and four coffins, two adult-sized and two small ones. Admiral Crawford addresses the mourners.
176) 2) dialog: He whispers to himself as he takes off his sunglasses.
176) 3) dialog: Now you're free.
184) 6) text: He pulls down his surgical mask and Carlos looks up at hi own face. It is Ramirez. He holds Carlos, who struggles  against the anaesthetic. Suddenly, a second pair of hands grab Carlos as well. It is Jack.