25) 5) dialog: Poppi!
25) 6) text: The pitcher scoops the grounder up and tosses it to Joey  whose eyes however have lit up at the sight of his sailor father home from the sea so the ball hits him in the side the head and he goes down. Ramirez wants to rush out to h son, but Joey straightens himself up quickly, not wanting be embarrassed by an over-protective parent.
27) 15) text: Just then, Joey yells from the tree he's in. Jack  automatically hides the picture as if the kid were from a rival intelligence agency.
27) 16) dialog: Poppi, you don't need to watch the  fire, come climb with me.
36) 0) text: Ramirez enters. He is wearing a robe, having just gotten out of bed. It is perhaps, one in the morning. Joey is as holding a stuffed animal. The baby is asleep in her crib  looking like a little angel. Ramirez pulls the cover up o the baby and pats her gently so as not to wake her and th bends down and kisses his son.
37) 4) text: Ramirez bends down to hug Joey.
37) 6) dialog: But why do you have to go?
37) 8) dialog: New color subs...
37) 10) dialog: Is there going to be a war, Poppi?
37) 12) dialog: Then why do you need to go away?
37) 14) dialog: Why can't somebody else's Daddy go  on the sub and you could stay here  and go to my games?
37) 16) text: He kisses Joey, stands up and kisses Maura and the baby s holds and walks past the guard gate, showing his ID as hi wife and children wave.
137) 0) text: A taxi pulls up in front of Ramirez's house. Ramirez step out of the taxi dressed in his Navy uniform and carrying sea bag. He does not have a hat on and we SEE his head wh not bald, is now in the shortest of buzz cuts, certainly  much shorter than the way his wife last saw him. He stand outside the house looking at it like an adult who has com back to his boyhood home and finds it suddenly so small.  Just then the door opens. There is Maura holding the baby and next to her, Joey. Ramirez runs toward them and they him and we SEE them in tableaux, embracing. An idyllic fa reunited.
141) 1) text: Ramirez has his arm around Joey, giving him his last bit fatherly advice.
141) 3) dialog: Keep my eye on the ball.
141) 5) dialog: Whoever has fun, wins.
141) 7) text: He gives Joey "five" and Joey runs out to join his team a their dugout. Ramirez starts walking about toward Maura a the baby. As he does, he crosses next to another father,  FRANK, who is with his son TYLER. Frank is about six foot four and to say that he is competitive would be the  understatement of the year. He is haranguing his kid as i this were the deciding game of the World Series. He is on one knee so we don't see just how big he is.
178) 0) text: Mendoza crosses into the house holding the newspaper clip He takes a cigarette lighter and burns it and across his  face there is a hint of a smile... a very cold smile. He  crosses out to the veranda. Down on the beach below, we S Maura and the baby and Joey playing.
178) 1) dialog: Poppi... come down and play with us.