4) 0) text: SUPERIMPOSED: Vienna, December 21, 1975 It's a cold Sunday morning with a light snow just beginni to fall when SIX YOUNG MEN and ONE WOMAN enter the  headquarters of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting  Countries -- a modern, seven-story block of concrete and  glass. They all carry Adidas sport bags over their should Their leader, Carlos, with dark beret and sunglasses, spo a long white raincoat -- the kind that was very much in  fashion that winter. Next to him is KOJ, a Japanese terro and his most trusted Lieutenant.
7) 4) text: Everyone frantically hits the floor. That is, with the  exception of TWO BODYGUARDS. They try for their weapons. short burst from Carlos' Beretta machine pistol which is  pulled from the inside of his trenchcoat brings them to t floor. This weapon is not silenced, but deafening. Just t Koj enters the room from the corridor.
7) 5) dialog: We've got company.
7) 7) text: He reaches into his trenchcoat and pulls out a pocket-siz Chinese RGD5 grenade. He yanks the pin, lets the spoon fl listens to the fuse hiss, counts quite calmly and then to the live grenade to Koj who catches it and in one movemen tosses it out the door. A loud sound of GRENADE EXPLOSION and plaster powders those glued to the floor. GASPS OF TE But the gunfire outside ceases.
121) 0) text: The real Carlos is asleep in the bed with a beautiful Ara woman. A Japanese KOJ enters and taps Carlos on the shoul Instantly he springs awake with a gun in his hand pointed KOJ.
121) 1) dialog: Illich... you must get dressed. There  was a shooting tonight... We have to  talk.
125) 0) text: Carlos sits in the closed Villa with Koj and four other  terrorists.
125) 2) dialog: There was a man with her... who we  don't know... They must have spotted  him come in... thought it was you  and moved too soon... before she  even made contact with you. Whoever  he was... he was awfully good.
125) 4) dialog: They've taken her to Paris.
125) 6) dialog: It won't be easy.
125) 8) dialog: When?
125) 10) text: Koj gets up and leaves. Carlos turns to the others.
131) 9) text: IN the spoon we SEE Koj with a flight bag walking across cafeteria toward Ramirez.
131) 11) dialog: (whispering) Carlos... what are you doing here?
131) 14) dialog: (loudly) Excuse me sir... I only wanted to  know where I could buy a newspaper.
131) 19) dialog: (loudly) Excuse me sir... I asked if you knew  where I could buy a newspaper.
131) 20) text: Ramirez stops for a moment. He knows that the line is som kind of code and he has no response to give so he starts walking again. Koj is instantly behind Ramirez, his hand  going into his flight bag and pushing the flight bag up  against Ramirez's back.
131) 21) dialog: Make the slightest move and I shoot...  and I don't miss. Walk to the rest  room, very carefully.
131) 23) text: Amos. He watches it all going down in the back of a chrom napkin holder. He slowly gets up, looks around for Jack a goes out into the corridor and sees Koj and Ramirez going into the rest room. Koj sees one of those sandwich board  signs off to the side which says, "LAVATORY TEMPORARILY C FOR CLEANING." He pulls it in front of the door.
132) 0) text: Koj has Ramirez's head with one hand, while he holds the on him with the other. He forces Ramirez's head down deep into the toilet bowl. He flushes. The water level sinks a then rises, covering Ramirez's face. Koj holds him under  water long enough to almost drown him. Then, instead of  lifting his head out, he flushes again and the water leve lowers.
132) 1) dialog: Tell me what I want to know quickly  or you're dead.
132) 2) text: Just then Ramirez manages to kick back and overpower Koj send him flying back out through the door of the stall.  Ramirez is back on him in a second but Koj has his gun up and pointed right at Ramirez's head. They have shifted  position now, so that they are not facing the stall, but door of the bathroom. Koj is about to pull the trigger wh we HEAR:
132) 4) text: Ramirez ducks and rolls out of the way and Amos fires two shots into Koj's chest but not before Koj can get off a r right into Amos' chest. In an instant Ramirez is on the s alive Koj grabbing his head in his hands and slamming it  down onto the edge of the sink with a thud that cracks hi skull. He quickly crosses to Amos who is dying.