25) 2) text: cheering their kids on. Amongst them we recognize MAURA,  Annibal Ramirez's wife, who is cheering for her son's tea She holds a ten month old baby as she cheers.
25) 7) text: Maura has followed her son's gaze at Ramirez and feels no embarrassment whatsoever as she runs into his arms, still holding her baby. She kisses him.
25) 8) dialog: I thought you weren't coming back  till tomorrow...
25) 12) dialog: What happened to your eye?
28) 4) text: Next up are Ramirez and his wife Maura.
28) 9) dialog: We'd love to have you over to dinner  Admiral but the cuisine would be  Cuban not Mexican. I think your  stomach would find it more  agreeable... not to mention your  taste buds.
28) 11) text: He looks uncomfortably over to his aide who gently keeps line moving. CAMERA FOLLOWS ANNIBAL AND MAURA DOWN THE  RECEPTION LINE. There in front of them is Jack in a white linen suit.
28) 13) dialog: The pleasure is mine...
28) 15) dialog: Encantada Senor...
28) 17) dialog: Senor Shaw. Mucho gusto.
35) 1) text: Photos of victims. Bloodied children, women, men, each  atrocity labeled with the place of the attack and number dead and wounded. Just then there is a knock at the door. Ramirez closes th book and covers it with a newspaper as his wife Maura ent wearing a very sexy teddy with a short robe over it, givi off the promise of a wonderful night of conjugal bliss.
35) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
35) 5) dialog: Read 'em on the Navy's time... this  is my time...
37) 3) dialog: Not fast enough.
37) 16) text: He kisses Joey, stands up and kisses Maura and the baby s holds and walks past the guard gate, showing his ID as hi wife and children wave.
137) 0) text: A taxi pulls up in front of Ramirez's house. Ramirez step out of the taxi dressed in his Navy uniform and carrying sea bag. He does not have a hat on and we SEE his head wh not bald, is now in the shortest of buzz cuts, certainly  much shorter than the way his wife last saw him. He stand outside the house looking at it like an adult who has com back to his boyhood home and finds it suddenly so small.  Just then the door opens. There is Maura holding the baby and next to her, Joey. Ramirez runs toward them and they him and we SEE them in tableaux, embracing. An idyllic fa reunited.
138) 0) text: We begin on a shot of Ramirez's chair. It rocks back and  forth violently as we PAN UP and SEE Ramirez, who is fuck Maura. They are both fully clothed, skirt hiked up, fly  unzipped. This is not lovemaking. He is fucking her brain out. It is passionate, rough sex. Maura hits high "C" as  Ramirez sweeps books off of a table, lifts her out of the chair and lays her out on the table. The two of them clim together. It is clear from Maura's look that this is the  best sex she's ever had. Ramirez slowly rolls off her. He smiling as well, and then becomes aware that Maura has be to cry.
138) 2) dialog: You've been with another woman...  haven't you.
138) 4) dialog: Haven't you?
138) 6) dialog: You're different...
138) 8) dialog: (unconvinced) Okay.
138) 10) dialog: I don't need any letters. And I don't  need you to talk to me like that  either.
138) 12) dialog: Where are you going?
140) 2) text: Maura comes out of the kitchen.
140) 3) dialog: What?
140) 5) dialog: The fellow at the service station  said it needed a tune up. I took it  in this morning... You didn't say  you were going to need it.
140) 7) dialog: What?
140) 9) dialog: Why? What difference does it make.
140) 11) dialog: Did you check the mail?
140) 13) dialog: I don't want you goin' back to those  subs. I'll tell you that.
140) 15) dialog: You can request another assignment.  It's changed you Annibal. It's hurting  us.
140) 17) dialog: Your attitude... that's what hurting  us.
140) 19) dialog: You're suspicious of everything that  goes on... you snap at Joey, you  snap at me. I don't like it.
141) 7) text: He gives Joey "five" and Joey runs out to join his team a their dugout. Ramirez starts walking about toward Maura a the baby. As he does, he crosses next to another father,  FRANK, who is with his son TYLER. Frank is about six foot four and to say that he is competitive would be the  understatement of the year. He is haranguing his kid as i this were the deciding game of the World Series. He is on one knee so we don't see just how big he is.
141) 26) dialog: Annibal... please!
141) 27) text: Ramirez turns. Maura is there beside him.
141) 28) dialog: Annibal please. Let's go sit down.
141) 30) dialog: Annibal... please... Please...
141) 31) text: Maura tugs at Ramirez's arm and Frank smirks. Ramirez cag the monster inside and turns with Maura. As he turns, Fra turns to Tyler as if he cannot believe the boy is still t
141) 35) text: But before Frank can complete the sentence and strike his child, Ramirez comes flying through the air with a kick  planted straight to Frank's head. It is sudden and violen and brutal. He comes down and with one side-kick, "knee-c Frank, which is to say he hits the top of Frank's kneecap and breaks it so that it is down around his shin. Frank s to drop but before he can, Ramirez grabs his ears and bri his head down into his own swiftly rising knee. The resul is devastating and Frank's nose is now all across his fac Blood is everywhere and Ramirez does it again. Now the ob is Frank's teeth, so that when his head comes off of Rami knee, his mouth is a mass of blood as well. In slow motion, Ramirez turns and sees his son who stares horror at what his father has just done. At the same time maura is up and grabbing onto Ramirez. Ramirez however is not done. Frank is completely defenseless now and Ramirez leans him back across his knee, pulls him by the hair exp his throat like that of a sacrificial lamb about to be  slaughtered. This time instead of a knife, it will be a k chop from Ramirez which will crush Frank's windpipe and k him. But before he can deliver the blow, Maura grabs his  arm. He turns to her, almost about to hit her or throw he off and the two of them are face to face as Ramirez looks from her to his son and realizes how deep into the abyss has plunged.
146) 0) text: Ramirez is there alone with Maura. They are in mid-argume
146) 1) dialog: No! I won't let you do it! You're  not going back to those subs! It's  changed you... You need help, Annibal.  You could get some kind of stress  disability or...
146) 4) text: Maura is shocked by the sudden violence in him.
146) 5) dialog: No, not enough. Whatever is going on  out there with your job...
173) 0) text: A car pulls up at the hospital and Maura gets out and ent the hospital.
174) 0) text: Maura is there with Ramirez. He is in mid-conversation wi her. We don't know how long she's been there. He opens hi eyes.
174) 1) dialog: Is it over?
174) 5) dialog: No.
174) 7) text: Maura looks at him imploring him with her eyes.
174) 8) dialog: I won't leave you.
174) 10) dialog: You're not in prison and I'm not  your mother and I won't leave you. I  will not let him do this to us. Not  him... not the CIA... not anyone.
174) 12) dialog: Get me a gun and teach me to shoot  and he'll have to deal with both of  us. This animal will not destroy my  family. Please... come home.
175) 1) dialog: Hello...
175) 4) dialog: Uh sure, I think... but could I call  you back later? We're just about to  go to church. Annibal and the kids  are already in the car.
175) 6) dialog: Great. Talk to you later. Bye bye.
178) 0) text: Mendoza crosses into the house holding the newspaper clip He takes a cigarette lighter and burns it and across his  face there is a hint of a smile... a very cold smile. He  crosses out to the veranda. Down on the beach below, we S Maura and the baby and Joey playing.