2) 0) text: Jason kicks open the door a falls, and Lloyd picks him up. out until a small timer sounds. s hook, throws it over his ge up the stairs. nd they enter the cramped two-room apartment. Lloyd's corner of the living room is his bedroom. It's devoted to kickboxing photos, and a newspaper clipping of him i bag with a thump. 4 n action. Lloyd sets down the JASON oo ‘ Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Jason kicks, loses his balance and starts to cry hysterically. Lloyd's 28-y from the kitchen. ear-old sister CONSTANCE enters
2) 1) dialog: You're headed fo x Day Care, buster.
2) 8) dialog: Look -- he's a mess. Constance pulls Jason into the kitchen, as Lloyd takes th phone into the bathroom. CREDITS END as he zoom-dials the number with one hand.
13) 4) dialog: (feels bad) Lloyd, I'm so sorry we missed it. Sam had me help with a new crown, and we had three root canals to do , and Jason has a sore throat... Jason points to his throat, sticks his tongue out.
13) 6) dialog: I hope you understand.
13) 10) dialog: How can you eat that stuff, Lloyd? There's no food in your food.
13) 16) dialog: Not too loud. The red line is there for a reason.
13) 18) dialog: It's plenty loud and the neighbors never complained. That's how I ow. :
13) 23) dialog: Can't you be his uncle not his playmate?
13) 25) dialog: What?
13) 27) dialog: (darkly) Gee. It's easy. LLOYD © Look -- I'm really sorry Mom and Dad made you take me in. If it's such a big problen, I'll go. But remember this -- you used to be fun. You used to be crazy, in the best way. I mean that as a compliment, of course. (a look at Jason) I mean, I'm sorry that T-I-M left you, but I am not T-I-M. (CONTINUED)
13) 29) text: O» 33 22. CONTINUED: (2) . ‘ 32 Constance looks pissed for a moment. Then a small smile.
13) 30) dialog: I was crazy once, wasn't I?
13) 34) dialog: I could kill you for that. (phone RINGS, she answers) Hello? Yes, he's right here, Corey. Oh. Sorry. (hands phone to Lloy¢) It's Diane Court. Lloyd clicks into red alert, he takes the phone and races Constance for the bathroom. Constance is already pulling up her skirt, and wins. Lloyd is stranded in the living room, sans privacy. He covers the phone, addresses Jason.
49) 0) text: Constance paces, talks to Lloyd who sits next to Jason on _ the sofa.
49) 1) dialog: I'd better say this to you right now. You're younger than me, and I know what I'm talking about. Watch out for nice people. It's the nice people who turn into A-S-S-H-O-L-E-S. | I worry about nice people. ‘ Lloyd listens happily. Jason contentedly watches television. (CONTINUED)
49) 6) dialog: This girl is leaving and you are staying. This is your first big heartbreak waiting to happen, and I don't want to stand here and say 'I told you so'.
49) 8) dialog: I don't need to meet her. I don't want to meet her. I've met her. (pause) So think about what I'm saying.
72) 0) text: Constance answers the door holding a glass of orange juic Diane stands there, a wreck in tinted glasses. (CONTINUED)
72) 7) dialog: (senses urgency) Diane?
72) 9) dialog: I'm Constance. (wipes hand on apron, . shakes) Come on in, hon. Lloyd's practicing right now. I'll write down the address where he is. Diane steps in. It's Diane's first visit to this apartmen and she looks at the small place with fascination.
72) 10) dialog: This is Jason. Jason sits on the couch, wearing a headband and messy bib He watches her carefully. ‘
81) 0) text: Diane watches as Lloyd releases Constance from a hug. She stuffs money in his pocket. Lloyd finds Jason, who is hiding behind the door in Samura uniform. Silently, Lloyd bows. Jason bows back. : Lloyd turns the music past the red line. The neighbors start pounding. ‘Constance lets the music play. Lloyd sit on his suitcase, struggles to close it.