3) 0) text: JAMES COURT, 48, is a friendly and charismatic father. - There is an infectious good humor about him, even in th way he takes a light nap while San Cooke's "You Send Me" ‘plays on his prized jukebox. Court sings along, harmoniz with the record -- he's not bad... The PHONE RINGS, Court leans across the coffee table to pick it up. The phone is one of those too-new, too-sophisticated models. Court mus unfold it to answer it. He has a tough time with it, as he deals with the call.
9) 16) dialog: with a surprised look on his face. (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: A perfect middle-suburban front porch. The door opens and James Court faces Lloyd Dobler. We SEE Lloyd's standard greeting: He wipes his hand off on his pant leg, and lean n for a firm, sportsman-like. handshake with Court. CcoURT Hello, Lloyd.
44) 17) dialog: who watches impassively from the other side of the dining room window. . INT. COREY'S ROOM — NEXT DAY , : 79 CLOSE ANGLE ON a freshly defaced Cosmopolitan Magazine he in D.c.'s hands. D.C. turns the magazine over, and a cach of blow cards fall to the bed. She picks up one, a perfum sample and applies it to herself as we're in the middle o a heated discussion.
48) 68) text: Mr. James Court? ves? COURT es? Stewart notices Diane. His admiring eyes flick back to he as he talks to Court.
57) 0) text: The CAMERA MOVES DOWN the table as James Court pours coff for Sabina, then the Walker...and then IRS Agent Stewart, who puts his hand over the cup.
63) 0) text: James Court is the only customer in a sea of suitcases. He examines a very nice set of woman's leather touring cases. A smart-looking SALESWOMAN, 45, hovers nearby. (CONTINUED)
67) 1) text: Regarding James Court? Diane rises, walks to a locked door. They BUZZ ‘her insid
78) 0) text: James Court's Attorney (thirty-four) meets with the . Assistant U.S. Attorney, Department of Justice Division. Court's attorney sits in a small chair facing the U.S. Attorney's oval desk. Between ‘them is a six-inch high st of folders and papers with multi-colored tabs.
78) 4) text: (neds) This man, James Court... . (he thumps the papers, as if patting Court himself) «esis largely innocent.
80) 0) text: A smoke-filled room. James Court leans back into a brown Naugahyde couch. He lights a Winston as he sits in the visitor's room of his low-security detention center. Low-grade making out between inmates and visiting girlfriends and wives. An inmate takes Polaroid snapshots for cigarettes. Lloyd takes'a seat across from Court. Lloyd's nose is less bruised. : : (CONTINUED)