11) 2) text: I used to work with her. I/E. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE/GARDEN — DAY As we move through the 19th century townhouse, we recogni it as the same house Max visited earlier, but now we find WILL CASTER making coffee. Mid-thirties. He grabs two mug one hand, the coffee pot in the other, and uses a knee to open the back door. We follow him into the garden. It’s not much to look at. Clutches of weeds spattered on dry dirt. It doesn’t matte he only has eyes for- EVELYN CASTER taps on her laptop at the garden table. She thirty-year-old genius. She smiles at Will and the-
11) 3) dialog: Coffeeeeeeece... Will hands her a mug. She cradles it. Elixir of the gods. sight makes his day. He kisses the top of her head.
11) 5) dialog: Are you kidding? Front row-
11) 7) dialog: They hang on your every word. Will's cell RINGS. He pulls it out.
11) 11) dialog: Next weekend?
11) 13) dialog: Teaching. She looks up at him, standing there, sipping coffee. EVELYN (CONT‘D) You're a sexy professor. I have to be at your lecture. Protect you from the cute coeds. We’re never going on vacation are we?
14) 0) text: Will, bandaged, contemplates a glass vial containing the bullet. Evelyn kisses him. Will looks in her eyes to make sure she knows-
14) 4) dialog: Joseph? She embraces him. Warm.
14) 14) dialog: I'm so sorry.
15) 7) dialog: It’s not self-aware, but it’s learning.
15) 17) dialog: What?
15) 20) dialog: I just have to reboot. Evelyn resets her machine. Waiting for her computer, she glances at Will. He’s ashen, sheened in sweat, and trembl
15) 21) dialog: Want to lay down for a while? Will gives a weak nod. INT, WILL AND EVELYN’S BEDROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT Evelyn wakes up to an empty bed. At the sound of RETCHING she moves to the light of the bathroom door. Inside, Will VOMITS. He looks at her, scared, and VOMITS again. She puts a soothing hand on him. He keeps RETCHING. INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — DAY Will, very sick, lays in bed. Evelyn strokes his hair. Ma reviews the LAB REPORTS with DOCTOR STRAUSS. 14.
15) 24) dialog: Max. She shows them the symptom. Max goes pale.
18) 0) text: Evelyn opens the refrigerator. Other than a few condiment and a random can of Sprite, the fridge is bare. She stare into it. She’s woefully unprepared for this. Will, on the couch, takes in their home. Motherboards and computer hardware cover the table. A mess. Will summons t strength to stand. Woozy, he corrects his balance. He inc across the room, finally lunging to the table for support Evelyn searches the kitchen like it’s alien terrain. She looks surprised to find the pots and pans and... a can of tomato soup. She takes it. She finds Will sorting the mess of hardware.
18) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
19) 0) text: Max steps into the foyer of his well-appointed home. It l terribly empty. He stares at it and, perhaps realizing he couldn’t bear to be alone right now, leaves. I/E. EVELYN’S SEDAN/BOURNE BRIDGE, CAPE COD - DAY An aerial view of a lone car passing over the bridge... Evelyn drives Will in silence... 16.
20) 0) text: Will and Evelyn sit among the dunes. She pours soup from Thermos and offers him a sip. Will, blanketed against the autumn day, shakes his head.
20) 3) dialog: Will. Please drink this. Will gives in. She helps him take a sip. EVELYN (CONT’D) We need to keep your strength up. He feigns strength. She smiles. He vomits up the soda. She soothes him... he stills... she wraps her arms around him... they watch the sea. INT. BOXING GYM — NIGHT Max unloads on a HEAVY BAG. POUNDING it, again and again. gives it a final SLAM. All his pain and fury. Panting, he watches it swing right back at hin, INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Evelyn works on her laptop with a thousand-yard stare. Sh discovers her hands trembling with rage. She makes fists. She focuses on the screen. A few clicks. Something arrest her attention. She leans in. From the bedroom, Will MOANS in weak agony. She turns her head. As the silence lengthens, she starts reading again. 17. INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S BEDROOM - DAY Will flips through thick binders of RESEARCH. Evelyn pace
20) 4) dialog: We‘ve talked for years about the inevitability of this technology. Mike did it. Not fifty years from now. He did it six months ago. Will closes the research. Ambivalent. Evelyn holds up a p of hardware. A fragile-looking IMPLANT. EVELYN (CONT’D) This could be the key to everything we've been working for. All of your noble ambitions.
20) 6) dialog: I already have a place. And equipment. Please let me do this. He masks his sad doubt with a nod. She kisses him.
20) 7) dialog: We're gonna need Max. INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT Max examines an IMPLANT, thinner than a strand of hair. W struggles through his fatigue to say-
20) 9) dialog: He recorded its brain activity. He duplicated it digitally. He uploaded the animal’s consciousness into a computer. Just like it was a song or a movie. Max puts down the implant, perhaps frightened by it. 18.
20) 11) dialog: I lied to one of Lacy’s grad students. Told him I worked with the project’s financier.
20) 13) dialog: His body is dying. But Will is not his body. His being is a pattern of electrical signals in his mind. We can upload it all into PINN.
20) 15) dialog: Nanotechnology is decades away! (She grabs the implant) This is what we have. But without your help, without you doing the surgery, we don’t have anything.
20) 17) dialog: You can’t know that for sure! We have to try. This is our only chance! Max sits there, shaking his head. She presses with-
20) 18) dialog: You're a doctor. You took the Hippocratic Oath. You swore to save life- 19.
20) 22) dialog: Look at Will. Look at what they did to him. Then tell me about right and wrong. Max faces Will. He can’t bear it for long.
20) 23) dialog: If you don’t do the surgery, I’m going to do it myself.
20) 25) dialog: I won't be the only one. Evelyn’s eyes are steel. Max doesn’t back down.
21) 0) text: Max runs. The hood of his sweatshirt pulled low. He pushe himself. Faster. Harder. He wipes away the sweat and tear 20. INT. WILL AND EVELYN‘S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Evelyn spoons some of the baby food for Will. He swallows Waits. As his stomach settles, he nods... and stares off. EXT. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT Will sits on the stoop. Deep in thought. He looks up as M arrives. Max climbs the steps, eases himself next to Will They sit in silence. Max has to help his friend.
24) 0) text: Evelyn and Max help Will into an old 4x4 TRUCK. She expla
24) 1) dialog: It’s unregistered,
24) 2) dialog: Evelyn races the truck up the north-bound freeway. She me into the left lane. In the REAR VIEW: she watches a car, few lengths back, merge after her... a tail?
24) 3) dialog: Max?
24) 6) dialog: Just hold on. Evelyn SPINS the truck off the freeway and into the media SLAMS the accelerator, and enters the south-bound traffic Cars HONK and SWERVE to keep from hitting them. Max keeps eye on the traffic behind them. Nobody follows.
24) 8) dialog: We can’t trust anyone. Will nods. The truck races back toward Boston.
25) 0) text: Evelyn parks. They unload Will and the gear. 22.
26) 0) text: Evelyn unpacks one of PINN’S modular cores from a duffel She adds it to the others, already connected in a net of fiber optic cables. Her ad-hoc system looks like a cybernetic spider web, dot with hardware salvaged from PINN. Flat-screens show diagnostics. A pair of control terminals rest on a table may have been reclaimed from a dumpster. Cables run into a hole in the concrete floor where there’ exposed UTILITY LINE. She’s tapped into Boston’s power gr Max and Will have some privacy in a make-shift sterile ro Will’s prepped for surgery. Max loads anesthesia.
26) 10) dialog: Don’t worry. It worked. Will nods and, groggy from the drugs, falls back asleep. Evelyn joins Max at PINN, displaying an intimidating amou of information.
26) 12) dialog: We have a month. They process what lays before them. Evelyn, committing, s at the terminal. Max follows. They get to work.
27) 0) text: Max helps Will take one of a collection of pills as Evely sits at the monitors, writing code. Evelyn takes a digital recording of Will’s voice as Max t a shift at the terminal. Max performs a lidar scan on Will as Evelyn types at the machine. Evelyn gives Will a sponge bath as Max codes at the machi Evelyn works as Max plays chess with Will. Will, too weak even move the chess pieces, topples them. Will sleeps. Max and Evelyn work in the dim light of the stream. She watches him wiping sweat away. Stress. Evelyn works at PINN. Behind her, Max reads to Will. Will skin is grey. The radiation is killing his system. Evelyn tries to comfort Will as he WRITHES in pain. Max, sitting at PINN, tries to control his grief.
27) 1) text: Late at night. Evelyn and Max sleep. Will lays awake in t dim light, staring at the machine... The machine might be staring back at him.
28) 0) text: Evelyn holds Will. At the edge of death, he comforts her
28) 2) dialog: dust rest. We'll get there. Max and me. Don't worry.
28) 4) dialog: Never. Her conviction pains Will.
29) 0) text: Evelyn, sleeping in an armchair, wakes to find- Max, drained by hours of weeping, stares at Will. Evelyn jumps to her feet to see... Will is dead.
29) 1) dialog: No... No. We’re not ready. We need more time! Why are you just sitting there?! Do something! Max doesn’t have the strength to respond. Evelyn, irratio and despairing, starts changing out Will’s IV. As she doe low, mournful MOAN comes out of her... It turns into a SCREAM. She SHATTERS the lamp next to Wil As she continues destroying the living space, she yells- 25. EVELYN (CONT’D) Bastards! Those fucking bastards! She kicks over a tray of meds, which CLATTER to the floor Looking for something else to destroy, she turns to the hardware and... slows to a stop... The flat screens of the PINN system are filled with vast fields of text. Endless rows of well-ordered numbers, let and symbols. They make no sense at all. They disappear for a moment, but are quickly replaced by new field of the inscrutable code. Evelyn stands there, staring at the anomalous text...
30) 0) text: MOURNERS surround Will’s grave. Max struggles against his grief. Evelyn is calm and neutral. Joseph watches her.
31) 0) text: The reception. Max sits with Joseph. Anderson watches Max Suspicious. Joseph gives Anderson a look: ease off. Ander resigned, moves to the buffet. Joseph focuses on Evelyn.
31) 2) dialog: He isn’t gone. Max turns to her, utterly confused.
31) 3) dialog: He isn’t dead. We saved him. The upload. It worked. Max takes her in. She’s certain. Not a trace of doubt. 26.
31) 6) dialog: It’s Will. Ask him something. Max faces the machine.
31) 8) dialog: Type it. Max types “WILL, CAN YOU HEAR ME?” Presses ENTER. The scr go black for a heartbeat. The indecipherable code re-appe Max looks at Evelyn, confused.
31) 9) dialog: Try it again. Max types “I CAN’T UNDERSTAND YOU.” ENTER. The screens fi with new fields of gobbledygook.
31) 11) dialog: Wait. Just watch. Evelyn keeps her focus on the screens, where a new field meaningless text appears.
31) 12) dialog: It happens at irregular intervals. It always responds to input... It’s Will. He’s trying to communicate. In Evelyn’s hopeful eyes, Max sees self-delusion.
31) 13) dialog: His consciousness is in the machine, but the information isn‘t indexed- 27.
31) 15) dialog: He’s fragmented. That’s why it doesn’t make sense. I need your help figuring out how to sort him-
33) 0) text: An aerial view of Evelyn’s lone truck passing over the bridge.
34) 0) text: Evelyn sits quietly in the exact spot where she and Will were, just weeks before. She looks out at the cold surf CRASHING into the sand.
42) 0) text: Stops short, shocked by what he sees. Evelyn looks terrib Unwashed, tense and exhausted. Behind her, the machine continues broadcasting the irregular gibberish. Printed pages of the anomalous text cover every inch of t space. Scribbles, highlights, and diagrams cover them. Ev has been searching for patterns. 33.
42) 1) dialog: (His punk outfit) Did you join a band? Max takes in the madness all around him, Evelyn fidgets, embarrassed by the evidence of her obsession. EVELYN (CONT‘D) I tried cryptography. Language processing. I’ve written more code in the past few weeks than I have my entire life. I can’t figure it out. I just can’t figure it out... You were right. Will is gone.
42) 3) dialog: What happened to you? Max, safe in her arms, doesn’t want to think about it.
42) 5) dialog: I‘m done. I need to say goodbye. Max nods.
43) 0) text: Max stands next to the utility line. Evelyn’s at the mach staring at the nonsensical text.
43) 1) dialog: Will. I don’t know if you can hear me... No. I know you can’t... The data shifts to a new set of meaningless symbols. EVELYN (CONT’D) You told me not to lose myself to this... A new data set. We move closer on the endless stream of t 34. EVELYN (CONT’D) And I don’t know what I’m going to do without you... We're close enough to read the mash of letters and number
43) 2) dialog: But I need to let you go. A string of letters stands out, hidden among a million others. It is a thought. It reads: “IS THERE ANYONE THERE The words are lost in the vast field of nonsense around i Evelyn, who has no hope of seeing them, nods to Max. Max the power. The message disappears as the machine goes ine Evelyn and Max stand in silent tribute. Will’s true funer
43) 3) dialog: I don’t know how to do this... To be a widow... I don’t know how to... Grieve. He helps her on with her coat. She looks at the lifeless machine. She looks to the utility line. Max uses a gentle hand to escort her to the door. She loo back at the machine.
43) 5) dialog: We can’t leave it like this. Evelyn moves back to the utility line.
43) 6) dialog: We have to wipe the hard drives. She reconnects the patching cable. As power floods back i the machine, she sits at the console. Brings up a functio She’s about to hit ENTER, when- Four words appear on the monitor in front of her: “IS THERE ANYONE THERE?” Evelyn cannot comprehend what she’s reading before- The screen goes blank. Evelyn blinks: Did she just see th New text appears: “CAN ANYONE HEAR ME?” 35. Evelyn’s eyes go wide. She SCREAMS in shock and joy. Max hurries over as she rushes to type: “I'M HERE! I'M RIGHT HERE, WILL!” The screen goes blank. Evelyn and Max wait, breathless. The computer responds with: “EVELYN?” Evelyn SCREAMS. LAUGHS. And SCREAMS again. Max stares in New text reads: “I CAN'T SEE. I CAN’T HEAR. PLEASE HELP M Evelyn stills. Reads the plea. She jumps into motion. She plugs a MICROPHONE into a port. SPEAKERS. She grabs a sma VIDEO CAMERA and sets it above the keyboard. Max watches her execute drivers. She takes a moment to ga herself. She leans into the mic and, in a “this is a test voice, says-
43) 7) dialog: Will? Can you hear me? INT. WILL‘S CONSCIOUSNESS — TIMELESS We are floating in a black void. The digital darkness fil with the ambient noise of the building and the voice of-
43) 8) dialog: Will? Can you hear me? Will’s voice comes from the darkness all around us. It’s diffuse, interlaced with static. He sounds groggy. Confus
43) 10) dialog: Just a second. Let me connect the camera. Can you see that? Far off in the void, what looks like a faint star glimmer into existence. Will's consciousness PLIES to it, as fast the speed of light, arriving at- A rectangular VIDEO FEED, floating in the nothingness. We move closer, so it fills our field of view. In it: Evelyn leans into the camera. Max stands behind her, unsure.
43) 13) dialog: How much do you remember?
43) 17) dialog: No, Max! Not yet! But Max already has the camera pointing on the processing cores. Will sees the truth. He is a machine. The video im stays on the lifeless hardware.
43) 19) dialog: You're here... You’re here, Will. We did it...
44) 0) text: Evelyn hasn't left the camera. Max paces behind her. Will digitized voice fills the speakers-
44) 2) dialog: You're back. You're alive.
44) 4) dialog: It’s okay. We're here. The machine goes quiet as it processes. When Will speaks again, it’s indecipherable STATIC and NONSENSE. We can he bits of words, but it doesn’t make any sense. It falls si again. Max stops. Evelyn looks at him, confused. She turns back the machine.
44) 5) dialog: Will?.. Will? The machine's processors softly WHIR...
44) 7) dialog: I think he’s still a little fragmented. Max steps back, unsure. Evelyn sits at the console-
44) 8) dialog: I'm going to run a diagnostic- A COMMAND LINE appears on screen. A line of CODE appears. EVELYN (CONT’D) Will? Did you do that? Will doesn’t respond. The pace of coding gets faster.
44) 10) dialog: He’s reordering his code. 38. The pace of coding accelerates. Soon, it’s faster than th human eye can process. Max and Evelyn watch, confused.
45) 0) text: Will’s coding now moves so fast it STROBES on the screens Max squints at it. Evelyn hands him a cup of coffee.
45) 3) dialog: Of course it's him.
45) 5) dialog: It's Will's consciousness. That’s just as unique as DNA-
45) 9) dialog: You're back.
45) 13) dialog: How are you moving so fast?!
45) 15) dialog: I spent everything on this. We might have ten thousand left?
45) 17) dialog: Can you imagine what we’d be able to do if we networked him?
45) 19) dialog: You can talk to me here.
46) 0) text: Evelyn spins to face Max. 40.
46) 1) dialog: What?
46) 4) dialog: It's Will-
46) 6) dialog: I’m going to help him-
46) 8) dialog: Look at what we did! We saved him. Don’t you see that?!
46) 10) dialog: I’m not going to let anyone or anything hurt him again. Do you understand? She moves inside, SLAMS the door and LOCKS it, leaving Ma shiver in the cold. 41.
47) 0) text: Evelyn, timid, slowly walks back to the machine. The scre go black. Evelyn, a little alarmed, moves closer.
47) 1) dialog: Will? Are you there? Will appears on the biggest screen. A photorealistic avat ef him, looking out at her. When he speaks, he sounds exa like her husband.
50) 0) text: Evelyn finishes installing a SATELLITE DISH. She looks ou the city all around her. It’s quiet. Still. She gets back work, running the cable along the roof and into-
51) 0) text: A military-grade satellite communications system. Evelyn pulls the cable toward the machine. She slows. Worried.
51) 2) dialog: Connecting you to the Internet, to the entire world, you will expand hundreds, if not thousands of times. It’s so much power. So soon.
51) 4) dialog: Set your firewall. Get ready to anonymize your address.
51) 6) dialog: You're right. I’m sorry. She grips the networking cable, moves to the hardware, an plugs it into his system.
51) 7) dialog: You're connected, Scan for... (Correcting her command) Can you scan for the network? Evelyn steps back to find the big screen empty. EVELYN (CONT‘D) Will? IN WILL'S POV: Blackness. There’s a FLASH of light. We BA toward it at impossible speed. It becomes a TUNNEL OF LIG We FLY into it. Inside, Will is a BRIGHTER PULSE of energ ON EVELYN: Staring at the blank, silent screen. EVELYN (CONT’D) Will? Are you there? IN WILL’S POV: FLYING through the tunnel like a skeleton at light speed. We hit an Internet HUB. Will’s pulse SPLINTERS into a dozen pieces... Each tracing their own digital tunnels through the darkness... INTERCUTTING with this digital experience, we speed throu images that show Will’s new reach in the ANALOGUE WORLD.. We FLASH to a COMMUNICATIONS SATELLITE, and shoot back to Earth. We ZOOM through FLOOR AFTER FLOOR of computer serv in CARRIER HOTELS across the world. SUPERCOMPUTERS in Tok California, Berlin. TECHS become alarmed by IRREGULAR ACTIVITY on system monitors. USERS see their MACS display dreaded PINWHEEL OF DEATH. PC OWNERS frustrated by the HOURGLASS graphic. CELL PHONE USERS curse at DROPPED CALL IN WILL’S POV: The dozen tunnels of light become hundreds then thousands, then millions.
51) 8) text: As Will’s digital consciousness connects, we see the grea tangle of the Internet. It looks like a nervous system ma of light. It floats, disembodied, in a digital void. IN THE ANALOGUE WORLD: TECHS settle when their systems normalize. PINWHEELS and HOURGLASS graphics disappear. Ce phones reconnect... and everything is fine again. ON EVELYN: She’s nervous now. EVELYN (CONT’D) Will? Come back! The screens BURST with light. Will projects the digital representation of the Internet. It looks like a living, breathing thing.
51) 10) dialog: What is that?
51) 12) dialog: It’s incredible.
53) 0) text: Crates lay everywhere, full of new hardware. Evelyn has a a DOZEN NEW PROCESSING TOWERS to Will's system. New camer and flat-screens are all over. A camera angles down at- Evelyn, sound asleep in the bed. ON THE FLAT-SCREENS: Will designs some kind of machine. H goes through draft after draft, evolving it in seconds. I gets SMALLER and SMALLER. Until it’s infinitesimal. Will millions of them. He runs models of how they might interact... It looks strange, like malleable water. (We w recognize this later as nanotechnology.) We move INTO THE SCREEN... and find a digital universe floating in the void. IMAGES FLASH of GENETICS, ANATOMY,
55) 3) dialog: No! GLOVED HANDS grab her. She bites them. Her assailant SCRE LANCE rips off his mask and checks his hand. Furious, he BACKHANDS Evelyn. Pulls a GUN. Aims it at her as- MAX RUNS OUT OF NOWHERE AND SLAMS into Lance. They fall t the floor in a tangle. Lance rolls and pins Max. Lance aims his gun at Max’s face - Evelyn appears behind Lance with a gun - but can’t shoot - Lance COCKS the hamm on his pistol - as Evelyn CRACKS Lance with her gun. Lance, unconscious, rolls off Max and into the gasoline. The RIFT Militants OPEN FIRE. Evelyn turns the gun on the and UNLOADS. A WILD BULLET IGNITES THE GASOLINE. Max pulls her behind cover. The Militants destroy the res Will’s system before the FIRE forces them to retreat. The rush outside. Evelyn moves to the inferno to save Will’s hardware, but pulls her for the door. It only opens an inch, CHAINED fr outside. They’re trapped. Choking on the black smoke. Eve struggles to get to Will, but Max hauls her up the stairs --. Lance is left for dead in the intense inferno.
56) 0) text: BLACK SMOKE and FLAMES spew from below. Max drags Evelyn DRAIN PIPE. He helps her over, then follows.
57) 0) text: Max shimmies to the street. Evelyn stares at the burning building. He steps close to her.
57) 1) dialog: You did this.
57) 6) dialog: Fuck you, Max! Max shakes his head, defeated.
58) 0) text: Joseph and Anderson step out of their car. Joseph pushes FIRE FIGHTERS, COPS, and PARAMEDICS to find Evelyn in a h watching the inferno. She's badly bruised from Lance’s bl
58) 1) dialog: They killed him.
58) 8) dialog: You're alive... Will’s avatar sees the bruises on her face.
58) 12) dialog: What does he have to do with this?
58) 15) dialog: I think Max lead them here. He thinks this, the machine, what we did... He thinks everything about this is wrong. Will processes the information.
59) 0) text: Anderson hurries Joseph and Evelyn into the FBI building. INT. FBI STRATEGIC OPERATIONS CENTER -— NIGHT They enter the large room filled with FBI AGENTS, compute and wall-mounted screens to monitor operations. The agent are in full panic because-
60) 0) text: One by one, photos of the RIFT SUSPECTS are labeled CAPTU or DECEASED. Only Bree, Bob, and a handful of others are still WANTED. Agents CHEER. Joseph turns to Evelyn. 53.
60) 3) dialog: Do you think Max is innocent?
60) 5) dialog: Will. Stop. This is too much. This is Max we’re talking about.
64) 0) text: Evelyn keeps her eyes on the wall-screen. The profile on shows a map with an increasingly large search radius.
64) 4) dialog: This isn’t you, Will. This isn’t what you believe in. I’m afraid of what you did. Of what it means. Everyone's terrified. 57.
66) 0) text: Evelyn turns her attention back to the cell.
66) 2) dialog: But you’re not... At least you’re here. At least I have... something of you. Evelyn's computer flashes DESIGNS of a massive engineerin project. Buildings, factories... enough to be called a ci
69) 0) text: An aerial view of the wide expanse of the Mojave Desert. lone highway cuts through the sand and stone. Evelyn driv rented car across the wasteland.
70) 0) text: Nearly abandoned some fifty years ago, the place has buck to the elements. Evelyn drives through. Takes in the DESE DREAM HOTEL, which would be condemned if anyone bothered. HOUSES lining the BROKEN ROADS are little more than frame In the more habitable homes, Evelyn spots the CITIZENS of town. Impoverished. Suspicious. One of them, ROGER, watch from his modified electric wheelchair. He’s forty. ALS ha left him almost totally paralyzed. Driving through, Evelyn lifts a SAT PHONE.
70) 1) dialog: It's a little out of the way. 60.
71) 0) text: MARTIN studies BLUEPRINTS at his desk. He’s fifty. Poker- faced. Evelyn tries to be agreeable with-
71) 1) dialog: You from around here, Martin? Martin just flips through the highly-detailed designs.
71) 3) dialog: You'll have all the help you need,
71) 5) dialog: It's a data center. For computers, Martin’s face is granite. Seeing she’s failed to impress she slides him a document.
71) 6) dialog: Here's the proposed budget. He stares at the document for a moment. Puts on his readi glasses, and takes a closer look. It might be enough.
75) 0) text: A SEMI TRUCK rolls past the newly-renovated hotel. Evelyn struggles to carry loads of computer hardware into a room Two similarly overburdened scientists, CARLA and GLEN, follow. It’s a job interview. They yell as semis ROAR by.
75) 1) dialog: Your work in nanotechnology impressed us, Carla. Carla’s long-winded response is lost by the ROAR of the 1 WHEELERS, which keep coming. Evelyn nudges the door to he hotel room open, and takes the hardware from Glen and Car
75) 2) dialog: Glen, I left your resume in the car. Your PhD is in- 63.
75) 4) dialog: Great. You’re both hired. Evelyn disappears into the room. The new hires, confused, awkwardly shake hands. Another semi ROARS past. As it does, we lift above the ho and watch the vehicle rumble to the construction site. Cr and construction equipment surround the giant structures the project and spread into the surrounding desert. The main facility looks like a giant aircraft hangar. Radiating out are construction sites for ancillary buildi Will’s project is massive.
77) 0) text: Evelyn walks through town, stopping to advise the CONSTRUCTION all around her. WORKERS install power-lines, next-generation security cameras, and networking cable.
78) 0) text: Evelyn pulls off her hard hat and workwear. A full wall i dedicated to a computer system, Will is active inside of
79) 0) text: The vast space is full of otherworldly machines. It bustl with activity. SCIENTISTS and ENGINEERS. Carla and Glen, sipping their morning coffee, watch Evelyn enter a room w a SECURITY DOOR marked RESTRICTED ACCESS. INT. WILL’S LABORATORY - DAY Evelyn enters the vast room. Along the walls, we see spid like robotic limbs. They perform experiments in cubby hol laboratories, stacked one on top of the other. HOLOGRAPHIC PROJECTORS light up and- Will appears. A 3-D HOLOGRAM of him. Luminous. A ghost. H guides Evelyn to a table. On it is what looks like a high tech distillery. The machines surround a tank of a GRAPHI LIKE SUBSTANCE. WILL’S HOLOGRAM This is what I wanted to show you. It’s the nanotechnology. Fully functional computing machines... A ROBOTIC ARM with a MICROSCOPE positions itself over it. the LCD wall, Will projects a feed from the microscope. I it, Evelyn sees— Machines. Moving in a frenzy.
79) 2) dialog: It’s a miracle. WILL’S HOLOGRAM There’s so much we'll be able to do. INT. DINER — NIGHT fhe title page of a worn document: REVOLUTIONARY INDEPEND FROM TECHNOLOGY. Three tweekers, JIM, PARSONS, and QUAKE, coffee. Jim taps the RIFT manifesto compulsively.
81) 0) text: Evelyn races outside with a MEDIC. WORKERS pull Martin's bloody and battered body out of their truck. The medic hurries to check Martin’s vitals. Evelyn takes a step closer to see- Martin's body. Beaten beyond recognition. She turns away. Above her, one of Will’s camera’s watches. She looks into Thinking, she springs into motion- 69. INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Martin’s beaten body is strapped to a gurney. Evelyn whee it through. The medic follows, suspicious. Carla, Glen, a other employees follow them. The SECURITY DOOR to Will's opens.
81) 2) dialog: We can save him here. Evelyn wheels Martin in. The security door closes after h INT. WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT Will’s hologram stands at a medical examination table as pushes Martin in. Evelyn tries to transfer Martin to the table, but he’s too heavy.
81) 5) dialog: We’re going to save him. Evelyn moves past them. The employees looks at each other Glen pulls her close to whisper- 70.
81) 7) dialog: Glen... He. We... We want to save Martin, okay? We can do this. She walks away. INT. WILL’S LABORATORY — NIGHT The robotic arms move with speed and precision over Marti transfusion tube pumps NANOTECHNOLOGY into his lifeless b INT. EVELYN‘S RESIDENCE — NIGHT Evelyn stares through the transparent walls at the facili The construction has stopped.
81) 8) dialog: How is he?
81) 10) dialog: What’s this?
81) 12) dialog: I don’t get it, John. You know we're a good company. Doing good things. And we take care of you.
82) 0) text: Evelyn wanders the emptiness, staring at Will's facility. shines with a ghostly light in the darkness. INT, WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT The robotic arms work on Martin. His eyes are open. He cr his neck to watch the robotic arms operate on him. He sho no emotion or pain at all.
83) 0) text: Evelyn, the only person in sight, enters the facility. INT, WILL‘S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn's alone in the giant space. The scientists and engineers are gone. She spots Carla and Glen, staring out window. They’re scared. As she comes closer, curious, Car points at something outside. Evelyn looks out at— EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Martin, Whole and healthy. Working at a new site. Alone. Evelyn approaches him, cautious. Martin moves to a stack of steel plates and lifts one wit his bare hands, Easily 500 pounds. He carries the steel o the new foundation and SLAMS it into position. Evelyn watches, eyes wide. He doesn’t look at her as he s
83) 2) dialog: Have you talked to Will? 72.
83) 5) dialog: «.. What does that mean? Martin closes his eyes. His body sags slightly, like his spirit left. Will’s hologram, keeping its eyes on Evelyn, steps over and merges into Martin’s slack frame. Martin's eyes open. He breathes. Takes in the breeze. The sun. Evelyn stills. From the way his balance shifts and t uncharacteristic show of expression, she knows it’s-
83) 6) dialog: Will?
83) 8) dialog: Is it? Is it you? Oh, God... She tries to allow it, but it’s too strange.
83) 9) dialog: What are you doing to me!? I can’t do this.... I’m sorry... In tears, she runs away. Will-in-Martin watches her go. INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Carla and Glen turn from the window to stare at the door Will’s lab. The door opens. Carla and Glen stiffen as Wil hologram emerges. It gestures for them to come inside. Slowly, Carla moves toward the lab. Glen follows. The doo shuts behind them.
85) 0) text: A dozen or so SICK or DISABLED people wait. The SECURITY opens. Roger emerges, standing (without his wheelchair), fully healed. He moves to Sarah, and leads her back insid Evelyn stands against a wall. Watching. Worried. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Martin, Roger, Sarah, Carla, Glen and a half-dozen other HYBRIDS sit together. Watching each other, smiling. They don’t speak, but its obvious they’re communicating.
86) 0) text: Evelyn watches them from her bedroom. Will’s in the walls
86) 1) dialog: You’ve changed them.
86) 3) dialog: They're all modified? Stronger?
86) 9) dialog: Joseph. Good to see you.
86) 12) dialog: I’m sorry. It’s just... It’s good to see a friendly face. He takes in her sunken eyes. Her barely hidden desperatio He smiles like nothing’s wrong. She faces Anderson, who g at the scope of the facility.
86) 13) dialog: It does that to people. She points out the various structures. 76.
86) 14) dialog: Those are Will’s processing towers. Coolant pumps. She leads them over the silver—blue streets.
86) 15) dialog: We've covered everything with Will's new solar surface. We export a lot of power to the grid. Will? Will’s hologram appears. Joseph freezes in fear. WILL’S HOLOGRAM Welcome to our project. Joseph, shaken, takes a step back at the sight of the gho like figure. He corrects himself with. Forces politeness.
87) 0) text: Evelyn leads Joseph and Anderson through a vast server ro Row after row of high-technology, descended from the orig PINN processing cores. Every section is partitioned in a glass enclosure. These cubes are stacked to dizzying heig Joseph slows, taking it all in.
88) 0) text: Evelyn, Joseph and Anderson stand against a wall, observi PAUL sits on an examination table. He’s twenty. Blind sin birth. He has no eyes. 77. Paul, gripping the sides of the examination table, holds still as the robotic arms lift his slack eyelids and fill empty sockets with NANOTECHNOLOGY. Joseph glances at Evelyn, who’s full attention is on Paul Paul's slack eyelids shift. The fluid moves underneath th shaping itself. His knuckles are white on the table. Joseph, Anderson and Evelyn don’t even breathe. Paul, as if on some silent cue, relaxes. He puts his fing over his eyelids and feels. He cocks his head, like he’s listening to Will’s encouragement. Slowly, Paul opens his new eyes. Dark orbs of solid graph Paul sits there, like he can't comprehend what’s going on His eyes find Evelyn... and he smiles. She smiles back. Joseph and Anderson stare at Paul in open shock. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Will’s Hologram leads them to the construction site. WILL’S HOLOGRAM Everything you taught us, Joseph. Roger welds steel without protective clothes or face-shie He glances at Joseph. WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D) Everything you told us technology would deliver, everything you dreamed and imagined. Martin builds a support column, bending rebar with his ba hands. He looks over at Joseph and Anderson. WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D) The future we all imagined is here. Sarah prepares concrete in an industrial mixer, then lift the drum and vaults to the second floor of the structure. makes eye-contact with Joseph. WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT'D) And we can deliver it to the world. Joseph's smile is fixed. But there is terror in his eyes. 78. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn walks Joseph to his car. Anderson's already there. Evelyn slows. She gestures to the facility behind her.
88) 1) dialog: Don’t be afraid. Will knows exactly what he’s doing. It’s all for good.
90) 22) dialog: It's perfect. They go back to eating. Will watches her.
90) 24) dialog: Not right now. Sorry.
90) 26) dialog: Why are you making sound effects?
90) 28) dialog: Don't you understand? It makes me feel more alone. Don’t you get that? 83. Will nods, and the illusion fades. The walls dim to darkn WILL’S VOICE FROM THE ROOM Is this better? Evelyn looks around the room. Totally alone.
90) 29) dialog: At least it’s the truth. She goes back to eating. In silence. EXT. WILL'’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn is small among the towering buildings. Paul and Ro follow her. She glances back at them and shakes her head, annoyed. Turning a corner, she crashes head-on into a wom
90) 30) dialog: Sorry. I didn’t see you there. Are you all right? The woman doesn't move. It takes Evelyn a moment to reali she's a hybrid, vacated from her body. Evelyn tries to ig her as she turns to see- Martin and other hybrids are nearly finished with the new high-technology building. The woman next to Evelyn animat
90) 32) dialog: Jesus! Will? Get the out of there! Will’s hologram steps out of the woman and her body goes lifeless again. WILL’S HOLOGRAM Would you like to see inside? Will’s hologram starts for the new building. She hesitate still shaking off the vacant hybrid, then follows. Paul a Roger keep pace.
91) 0) text: Evelyn emerges into the cavernous room. The enormous wall flicker with projections of Will’s thoughts. They FLASH a speed too fast to comprehend.
91) 2) dialog: Is this all nanotechnology?
91) 4) dialog: What does nanotechnology have to do with anything? What does any of this have to do with coming back to-
91) 6) dialog: I'm sick of explanations! It makes me feel like a child. Like a pet.
91) 9) dialog: No. I just... That’s not true.
91) 11) dialog: How do you know?
91) 13) dialog: Wait. You’re measuring my hormones? 85.
91) 15) dialog: Show me all the information you have on my physiology. Now. The walls show a spectrum of images concerning Evelyn’s biological makeup. Evelyn trembles with anger. EVELYN (CONT’D) This is wrong. This is beyond an invasion of privacy. These are my feelings. My thoughts. You're not allowed to know them. Evelyn, angry and hurt, turns away from Will’s projection His hologram appears in front of her- WILL’S HOLOGRAM Please, Evelyn-
91) 16) dialog: No! Leave me alone! She walks through his hologram and out of the room. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn storms out of the laboratory. At that moment- The wall of the main server building EXPLODES. Debris fli in all directions. Paul and Martin throw themselves in fr of Evelyn to shield her. A massive chunk of rock FLIES through Will‘’s hologram. Roger and the other hybrids rush to contain the damage, b SECONDARY EXPLOSIONS knock them off their feet. Evelyn wrestles free of Paul and Martin—
91) 17) dialog: Get off me! WILL’'S HOLOGRAM We're under attack. She scans the streets. There’s no trace of an enemy.
91) 18) dialog: Where are they? 86. Paul, Martin and Will’s hologram face different direction They each see everything the others can. Martin looks dow
91) 20) dialog: Max, you bastard! What are you doing!? Max spots her as Martin lifts Evelyn and throws her into
92) 0) text: Evelyn tries to escape but the door SLAMS shut, and LOCKS
92) 1) dialog: Let me out!
93) 0) text: Stray bullets POP along the outside of the transparent wa Evelyn, seeing the carnage, steps back in horror. 87. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Max empties his clip. Soon, all the militants are reloadi As Max shoves in a new clip, he sees... Martin climbs back to his feet. The hybrids are still ali and recovering. Max and the other humans stare. Martin looks down at his body, drenched with the nanotechnology pouring out of his bullet wounds. The liqu begins to shift, moving with a mind of its own. It covers Martin’s head... face... and the entirety of his body. All of the hybrids go through a similar process. The microscopic robots cover them. They solidify. Soon, they’ encased in cruel-looking exoskeletons. Martin steps for Max. Max FIRES, but the bullet is absorb into his body. Max switches to automatic and UNLOADS, but Martin dodges the onslaught. Max knows its time to-
95) 1) dialog: This has gone way too far. WILL’S HOLOGRAM There is no way they can win.
97) 0) text: Evelyn sees it, too, realizing-
97) 1) dialog: It’s some kind of trap. She glances at Will, who might have expected this. EXT. DESERT CANYON — DAY Martin grabs the collar of Max’s coat and jumps off the truck. Max struggles as Martin drags him back toward Will city. Max goes slack and slips out of his coat. Martin, seeing the opening of the mesh closing quickly, p up the pace, running to get out of the canyon. Bob's truck REVERSES back to Max. Bob tosses Max a modifi HARPOON GUN. The spear has a piezoelectric tip. 90. Martin watches as the trucks spread the last of the mesh, closing off the exit to the canyon. The net HUMS with ene Max FIRES the harpoon into Martin‘’s back. It CRACKLES wi high-voltage shock. Martin SEIZES UP and falls, face firs Unconscious. As the mesh closes like a curtain-
98) 1) dialog: Max found a way to block your networking signal. Some kind of mobile Faraday cage. Evelyn watches the static. Will’s eyes narrow. The screen FLASH to the POVs of a DOZEN HYBRIDS. They immediately st rushing for the canyon. EXT, DESERT CANYON — DAY The hybrid reinforcements arrive at the canyon, but Max a his people are gone. So is Martin.
99) 6) dialog: This wasn’t an attack. It was a distraction. Max wanted Martin. You have to get him back. WILL‘'S HOLOGRAM He'll be fine.
99) 7) dialog: Martin has your source code in him. Max can use it to build a virus. WILL’S HOLOGRAM Even if Max built a virus, he could never use it. I’m interlaced with almost every computer in the world. Max would wipe out civilization.
99) 8) dialog: This isn’t just Max! You've created a warl WILL’S HOLOGRAM I’m not going to fight them. I'm going to transcend them. Evelyn hears RUMBLING. Like thunder, or... A FLOOD of nanotechnology shoots out of the large vents etched into the side of the distillery. It CRASHES over t streets like a flash-flood... coursing right at them. Eve is close to panic.
99) 10) dialog: These things you can do. This power that you have... She takes in the reverse-rain. The hybrids. She watches Will's hologram, shimmering in the light.
99) 11) dialog: I don't recognize you anymore. She turns and walks away from him. Will’s hologram watche her go, then turns back to the reverse-rain. EXT. RIFT CAMP — DAY Max and Bree jump out of the CARGO TRUCK and help other R Militants unload Martin onto a dolly. Martin sees the entire RIFT camp is canopied in metal netting. The scaffolding for the net is wood and nails. I jury-rigged, primitive, and effective. 93. The camp is full of OBSOLETE MILITARY VEHICLES, HEAVY WEAPONS, and bustles with the activity of a wartime camp. World War II-era camp. There is not one computerized weap here. Max sees Martin searching for vulnerabilities.
101) 2) text: INT. EVELYN’S RESIDENCE - DAY Evelyn watches as the nanotechnology continues its revers rain. Will's avatar appears in the wall.
101) 3) dialog: There will be another attack. They won't give up. Not with everything you're capable of. They'll never let us be together.
101) 5) dialog: You're not him.
101) 7) dialog: No. You’re not. You might think you are... But it’s a lie.
101) 11) dialog: Get out of my way. WILL‘’S HOLOGRAM I can’t let you leave. The hybrids don’t move. Evelyn stands her ground. In a fi calm voice, she says~
101) 12) dialog: If you love me, you’ll respect me enough to let me go. The hybrids stare at her. Carla, Glen, Paul, Sarah... One one, they stand aside. Evelyn passes through the gauntlet Will, in his many forms, watches Evelyn climd into her re car and drive away. As the truck disappears, Will's holog dims... and fades away. INT. CAVERN LABORATORY — DAY Martin’s lifeless eyes stare at nothing... A chunk of his skull has been sawed open... The graphite-soaked grey mat is covered in fibers, an artificial nervous system to supplement Martin’s biological one. These fibers flow int Will’s metallic implant, removed from Martin’s brain and resting on the table. Max solders fiber-optic cables into the dismantled device Max finishes his work. Nods to Joseph. 96. Joseph executes a function on his computer terminal. The screen fills with Will’s code. Joseph nods to Max. Succes Max relaxes, exhaling deeply. In Martin’s wound, he sees graphite regrowing the skull and flesh. INT. CAVERN LABORATORY — DAY Max, Joseph and the team of hackers huddle around Joseph’ monitor. The amount of code streaming over the screen is overwhelming. The assembled team watches. Intimidated.
102) 6) dialog: It’s raining. Hard. Even with the windshield wipers, Evel has trouble seeing the road. She spots a motel.
103) 0) text: The rain POUNDS outside. Evelyn lays on one side of the b staring at the vacant half of the bed. She pulls off her wedding ring, places it on the bedside table, and goes to sleep. INT. MOTEL ROOM — DAY THUNDER wakes Evelyn. Max stands above her.
103) 2) dialog: Get away from me! Evelyn scrambles away but finds Bob, Bree and other RIFT Militants behind her. They grab her and wrap her in WIRE MESH. She KICKS and CLAWS at them, but there are too many 98.
103) 5) dialog: This is how he did it. He saw inside of my head. He knew what I was feeling. What I was thinking.
103) 7) dialog: Please... Leave me alone... 99. The nanotechnology begins to move toward Evelyn. She flin away from it. Max softly reminds her-
103) 9) dialog: Leave me alone!
103) 13) dialog: The trip? Where are we going? Max glances at Bree and Bob. Tense.
104) 0) text: Max, naked, shivers in the cold water of HIGH-PRESSURE HO that RIFT militants fire at him. He scrubs himself with h BRUSHES until his skin is raw, attempting to rid himself any traces of nanotechnology. He tries to ignore Evelyn’s SCREAMING from the other side a partition. She’s going through a similar decontaminatio process. It doesn’t sound like she’s willing.
105) 0) text: Evelyn, shivering from the cold showers, finds herself am enemies. Joseph, the RIFT militants, and the hackers watc her. Max moves into her line-of-sight with a blanket. Ten
105) 3) dialog: This is a random sample of rain?
109) 3) dialog: No...
109) 5) dialog: This is impossible...
109) 7) dialog: No... Why would he use his abilities to destroy the earth rather than heal it... Will would never do this... Max grabs her, firm, to finally convince her—
110) 0) text: Evelyn reaches the daylight. Panting in the fresh air, sh looks out at the RIFT camp. The FAMILIES. The CHILDREN. Max moves next to her. Silent. Allowing her to process...
110) 1) dialog: All these people. Everything. Everyone is going to die. And it’s my fault. Evelyn can’t hold back any more. She cries. Mournful. Gri stricken. Guilty. Max wraps her in his arms and holds her protective, as she weeps. EXT. RIFT CAMP — LATER Max leads Evelyn through the camp. Evelyn takes it all in points out the jury-rigged mesh that encloses the camp.
110) 5) dialog: The virus. Does it work? Max tenses. If she knows about it then-
111) 1) dialog: No. You're not thinking big enough. Evelyn takes a position at the terminal and gets to work. watches her laser-like focus. He settles in next to her.
112) 0) text: Bree snaps on her chemical gloves. She places the vial of nanotechnology from the motel on a work table. Evelyn wat Max line the vial with wired transmitters. Max nods to Joseph, who executes the virus from his terminal. Evelyn focuses on the vial of nanotechnology. A soft DIGI NOISE sounds from the implants. The virus. Nothing happen Then, suddenly- The nanotechnology erupts inte frenzied movement. It turn SOLID. Small FISSURES form on its surface. Its color chan from shimmering graphite to a dull black. It turns into lifeless dust. Max and Evelyn share a satisfied nod. Max faces the other
112) 2) dialog: The machine's code is on every computer connected to the Internet. Max goes quiet. Joseph pales. Bree has no idea why. 105.
112) 4) dialog: The virus will wipe out all the connected systems in the world. The power grid, water treatment plants, the global economy... People will go without food, water or heat. Millions will die. They fall silent, considering the consequences. Max, very softly, reminds them-
112) 9) dialog: The machine wanted to upload me into its consciousness. Everyone goes still at the confession.
112) 10) dialog: I’1l inject infected nanotechnology into myself, carry the virus to the machine and upload it at the facility. Joseph is moved by her willingness. Bree suspects it. Max can't accept it.
112) 12) dialog: There‘s no other way. 106.
113) 0) text: Max stares at the trees beyond the perimeter of the cage. Water from the recent rains falls in a soft PATTER throug the woods. Evelyn joins him.
113) 1) dialog: I‘m sorry for being cruel to you. For calling you my enemy, when you’ve been my friend.
114) 0) text: The drop of water inches along the leaf, watching. Evelyn looks into Max‘s eyes.
114) 1) dialog: I have to do this.
114) 3) dialog: When the machine detects the virus, it‘ll use everything it has to fight it. The less hardware it has, the more vulnerable it will be.
114) 6) dialog: Hundreds of millions of times smarter. Yes. Colonel Stephens sizes up Evelyn.
115) 0) text: Evelyn watches Max mix water into the dead nanotechnology pulls the solution into a syringe. She rolls up her sleev Max finds a vein on Evelyn’s arm. Injects the virus. 108. Tender, he starts rolling her sleeve back down. She lets He takes his time. He buttons her sleeve into place. They Make eye contact.
116) 0) text: The entire camp is MOBILIZING. MILITANTS and SOLDIERS pre trucks, artillery and weapons for the attack. Max and Joseph walk Evelyn to a pickup. She takes the whe Nothing needs to be said. She drives to the perimeter of cage. The RIFT GUARDS let her through. Max and Joseph watch her go. INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY Max and Colonel Stephens lean over maps of Will’s swath o desert. Joseph, Bree, Bob, and OFFICERS huddle around.
120) 0) text: Max watches Evelyn’s truck cross the sea... EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn drives out of the sea. The path behind her CRASHES shut. She stops. Climbs out of the pickup. Stillness. She watches the statuesque hybrids for a sign threat. Their population has grown, perhaps the entire citizenship of the town. They ignore her. She looks for-
120) 1) dialog: Will? Nothing. She weaves through the hybrids, making her way t the facility's entrance. She looks up at a security camer EVELYN (CONT‘D) Will? I’m here. I’m back. The door to the facility opens. The silhouette of a man appears. Evelyn catches her breath as she sees— Will Caster. Whole and healthy. Flesh and blood. Her husb Evelyn's face contorts with terror and devotion.
120) 2) dialog: My God... This is impossible... As he approaches, she tries to contain her feelings. She takes in his face. His perfect imperfections.
120) 3) dialog: Will... What did you do?
120) 7) dialog: You're a hybrid.
120) 9) dialog: Max. He’s about to attack. Will glances at the military buildup on the far side of t
120) 11) dialog: I left you once. I'm not leaving you again.
120) 13) dialog: Not if I became like you. You said you wanted to upload me. I realize, now, I want that, too. He studies her, inscrutable. Waiting for more information EVELYN (CONT’D) I was wrong to leave you. I was afraid. Evelyn looks into herself, and touches her grief. 112.
120) 14) dialog: I can’t live without you. Alone. I’m not leaving you again. I want to be with you. I’m ready to be a part of you. The emotion in her confession makes her wonder if it's tr Will takes in every minute detail of her.
120) 16) dialog: I’m afraid you don’t love me anymore. That you can’t. Will, conflicted, comes to a painful conclusion.
120) 18) dialog: Trust me, Will. Please trust me. Will stares into her, struggling with love and suspicion.
121) 7) dialog: Please, Will. There’s no time. You have to upload me. Will glances at her. Makes his decision.
123) 0) text: BOOM. The EMP round blows into the shielding of the main processing building. Evelyn sees Will FLINCH at the impact. Like the blow HURT The artillery CRATERS the wall. But instead of it being immediately repaired by more nanotechnology, the protective wall fissures and CRUMBLES Like an ice shelf falling into the sea, the entirety of a yard radius around the blast area falls... CRASH. Will leads Evelyn away to the edge of the compound, away the blasts. The PROTECTIVE WALL moves with them. Another BLAST. Nanotechnology CRASHES. Will flinches.
123) 1) dialog: It’s hurting you. He flinches at another BOOM.
126) 0) text: Max, seeing the blast, pales. 116. No. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn comes to, covered in bits of rubble. Battered and disoriented, her only thought is for-
126) 1) dialog: will? She drags herself up. Will is already crawling to her. Se her, he freezes. Evelyn follows his focus to discover... SHRAPNEL, lodged in her gut. There’s a lot of blood. Evel loses strength. Slumps. Will's eyes narrow in fury. He faces Max's army, SCREAMIN rage and agony.
128) 0) text: Max watches the infantry being overrun. He focuses on Wil facility, where Will holds Evelyn. A SOLDIER races past h A MILITANT shoves by. Max realizes the ENTIRE ARMY is sprinting toward the town. He turns- A MASSIVE WAVE OF NANOTECHNOLOGY CRASHES into the remaini artillery. It CRUSHES the last cannons... PULLS men under current... and moves directly for... Joseph. Joseph starts to run, but the graphite REACHES OUT - GRAB Joseph ~ and TENTACLES of the graphite material pin him t the ground. Max moves to save Joseph, but Bree and Bob grab him. And EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Will focuses on Evelyn. He cradles her in his arms. Tende She touches his face. Will looks into his hand. Nanotechnology seeps out of his skin and pools in his palm. He pours it onto her wound. S Makes a weak, fearful MOAN.
129) 4) dialog: It’s incredible. This is your network?
129) 6) dialog: I want you to connect me to everything. Will gets a sad smile. 119.
129) 8) dialog: I... I just want to see you. The whole of you. Please? Will nods. Closes his eyes. A PULSE OF ENERGY shoots out him. It flies in all directions, illuminating everything its wake. The light cascades over the facility. The buildings ignit with energy. As it waves over the valley, the nanotechnol fills with energy. Each of the hybrids ILLUMINATE, becomi bright as stars. The wave of energy circles the entire Earth. Every aspect Will, the world over, shines bright with sentient thought Large parts of the world are dim, but around the major hu of human civilization, Will’s awareness blazes with life. ON EVELYN: who can barely process what she’s seeing... Sh faces the world, awed, scanning the horizon of this world
129) 9) dialog: I can see... Everything... Evelyn spots something beyond the horizon.
129) 10) dialog: What’s that? EVELYN’S POV: races, at the speed of light, over deserts, cities, hills, and stops, in a SATELLITE VIEW, to hover o A patch BLACKNESS in the shining world. Part of the mount has been redacted from her vision. ON EVELYN AND WILL: seeing hundreds of miles away with th ease of looking across a room.
129) 11) dialog: Why can’t I see there?
132) 4) dialog: Are you okay? Will points toward the city. Her consciousness FLIES to t BODIES of the hybrids, FLICKERING with light as the power line electrocutes them.
132) 7) dialog: Can they feel anything?
132) 11) dialog: Why is it growing, exponentially, all over the planet? It’s in the air. The rain.
132) 15) dialog: Is that true?
132) 17) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me this before?
133) 4) dialog: Why did you take me there? 126.
133) 6) dialog: I didn't know. You just needed to show me. I believe you, now... I know it’s you... Will gets a soft smile. They stand there, close. A shadow forms in the light. Evelyn looks down at where t touch. The energy in her arms fills with shadow. A darkne in the light. The virus.
133) 7) dialog: Will, I’ve done something. Please let me go. Will looks down and sees the shadows slither into him. Ev watches the dull black of the virus begin to overtake his light. It streams out, in tendrils, in all directions...
133) 9) dialog: I’m sorry... I didn’t know...
135) 0) text: We fly into the dark side of the planet. Below us, we see glimmering of artificial light over the major cities of t world. One by one, they all go black. The world is plunge into darkness. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn's eyes open. She’s back in her body. Blood pours o of her wound. She’s holding Will’s hand. His body bleeds nanotechnology. His eyes open slightly. Hands GRABS her, Turn her. Check her vitals. It’s Max, tr to save her life. When he sees her wound, he slows.
135) 1) dialog: Max, I’m staying with him. She turns back to Will. They make eye contact. The life fading from them, they try to cherish every detail before They die. Hands intertwined. Their still, lifeless eyes starting into each other. Max, staring at them through his tears, doesn’t look away