71) 0) text: MARTIN studies BLUEPRINTS at his desk. He’s fifty. Poker- faced. Evelyn tries to be agreeable with-
71) 2) dialog: I can’t do it. Not on your time line. It'd take my outfit 20 years to build this.
71) 4) dialog: What’s it for?
80) 0) text: Martin moves for his truck. The tweekers follow. Sensing behind him, Martin makes an improvised weapon by splaying car keys through his knuckles. He readies himself. And tu As Jim kicks him in the knee. Martin falls. Jim keeps kicking... and kicking... He doesn’t stop, not even after Quake gets Martin’s cash. A SECURITY CAMERA watches.
81) 0) text: Evelyn races outside with a MEDIC. WORKERS pull Martin's bloody and battered body out of their truck. The medic hurries to check Martin’s vitals. Evelyn takes a step closer to see- Martin's body. Beaten beyond recognition. She turns away. Above her, one of Will’s camera’s watches. She looks into Thinking, she springs into motion- 69. INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Martin’s beaten body is strapped to a gurney. Evelyn whee it through. The medic follows, suspicious. Carla, Glen, a other employees follow them. The SECURITY DOOR to Will's opens.
82) 0) text: Evelyn wanders the emptiness, staring at Will's facility. shines with a ghostly light in the darkness. INT, WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT The robotic arms work on Martin. His eyes are open. He cr his neck to watch the robotic arms operate on him. He sho no emotion or pain at all.
83) 0) text: Evelyn, the only person in sight, enters the facility. INT, WILL‘S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn's alone in the giant space. The scientists and engineers are gone. She spots Carla and Glen, staring out window. They’re scared. As she comes closer, curious, Car points at something outside. Evelyn looks out at— EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Martin, Whole and healthy. Working at a new site. Alone. Evelyn approaches him, cautious. Martin moves to a stack of steel plates and lifts one wit his bare hands, Easily 500 pounds. He carries the steel o the new foundation and SLAMS it into position. Evelyn watches, eyes wide. He doesn’t look at her as he s
83) 1) dialog: You're not afraid, are you? Evelyn steps closer to him.
83) 3) dialog: It's not really talking. It’s kind of non-verbal. Like we’re the same. He glances at her. She shakes her head, confused. He take deep breath, trying to figure out how to explain- MARTIN (CONT’D) Evelyn, you know I should be dead. But Will was there, kind of all around, you know? I’m part of all that now. I’m here to help you and Will. Martin takes off his hard hat. A silver-dollar sized impl crowns his head. MARTIN (CONT’D) So here I am. Seeing the confusion on Evelyn’s face, he angles his head toward the empty air... where Will’s hologram appears. WILL’S HOLOGRAM Martin is connected. He is partitioned and autonomous, but his mind can move freely through my network and is connected to the world. It’s the nanotechnology, Evelyn.
83) 4) dialog: And Will can be me, too.
83) 7) dialog: It's me. I can speak to you, feel you now. Will takes a cautious step toward her. Her shoulders tigh Tears fill her eyes. 73.
84) 0) text: Roger sits, watching Will's facility. From his sunburn an cracked lips, we can assume he’s been out here all day. H rolls his eyes left and right, so he can see the other- CITIZENS of the town, on Lawn chairs and blankets, starin the lights of Will's Facility. Roger thumbs the steering stick of his chair. And moves i forward. His chair WHIRS him toward Will’s facility. A thin woman named SARAH, bald from chemotherapy, lifts a pair of binoculars to watch. IN THE BINOCULARS: we see Martin erecting the frame of th new building. He’s on the highest floor, perhaps thirty f up, welding. As Roger’s wheelchair approaches, Martin- dumps off the steel structure. Lands on his feet, unharme He walks over to meet Roger. They enter the facility. Sarah drops the binoculars. She stands. She walks toward facility. A few of the other townspeople follow. INT. WILL’S LABORATORY - NIGHT Roger's atrophied body lays on the table. Cables run out his implant and into the machines all around him. As the nanotechnology circulates into him, his eyes roll down to watch his foot. He moves it. He rolls over. Sits up. 74. He stands. Tears streaming from his eyes.
85) 0) text: A dozen or so SICK or DISABLED people wait. The SECURITY opens. Roger emerges, standing (without his wheelchair), fully healed. He moves to Sarah, and leads her back insid Evelyn stands against a wall. Watching. Worried. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Martin, Roger, Sarah, Carla, Glen and a half-dozen other HYBRIDS sit together. Watching each other, smiling. They don’t speak, but its obvious they’re communicating.
88) 0) text: Evelyn, Joseph and Anderson stand against a wall, observi PAUL sits on an examination table. He’s twenty. Blind sin birth. He has no eyes. 77. Paul, gripping the sides of the examination table, holds still as the robotic arms lift his slack eyelids and fill empty sockets with NANOTECHNOLOGY. Joseph glances at Evelyn, who’s full attention is on Paul Paul's slack eyelids shift. The fluid moves underneath th shaping itself. His knuckles are white on the table. Joseph, Anderson and Evelyn don’t even breathe. Paul, as if on some silent cue, relaxes. He puts his fing over his eyelids and feels. He cocks his head, like he’s listening to Will’s encouragement. Slowly, Paul opens his new eyes. Dark orbs of solid graph Paul sits there, like he can't comprehend what’s going on His eyes find Evelyn... and he smiles. She smiles back. Joseph and Anderson stare at Paul in open shock. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Will’s Hologram leads them to the construction site. WILL’S HOLOGRAM Everything you taught us, Joseph. Roger welds steel without protective clothes or face-shie He glances at Joseph. WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D) Everything you told us technology would deliver, everything you dreamed and imagined. Martin builds a support column, bending rebar with his ba hands. He looks over at Joseph and Anderson. WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT’D) The future we all imagined is here. Sarah prepares concrete in an industrial mixer, then lift the drum and vaults to the second floor of the structure. makes eye-contact with Joseph. WILL’S HOLOGRAM (CONT'D) And we can deliver it to the world. Joseph's smile is fixed. But there is terror in his eyes. 78. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn walks Joseph to his car. Anderson's already there. Evelyn slows. She gestures to the facility behind her.
91) 19) dialog: They‘re under us. Subterranean detonations BLOW HOLES in the streets around them. Max climbs out one of the holes, armed with an assa rifle. Bree follows. Dozens of RIFT Militants pour out. Evelyn sees Max. Her eyes narrow-
93) 0) text: Stray bullets POP along the outside of the transparent wa Evelyn, seeing the carnage, steps back in horror. 87. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Max empties his clip. Soon, all the militants are reloadi As Max shoves in a new clip, he sees... Martin climbs back to his feet. The hybrids are still ali and recovering. Max and the other humans stare. Martin looks down at his body, drenched with the nanotechnology pouring out of his bullet wounds. The liqu begins to shift, moving with a mind of its own. It covers Martin’s head... face... and the entirety of his body. All of the hybrids go through a similar process. The microscopic robots cover them. They solidify. Soon, they’ encased in cruel-looking exoskeletons. Martin steps for Max. Max FIRES, but the bullet is absorb into his body. Max switches to automatic and UNLOADS, but Martin dodges the onslaught. Max knows its time to-
96) 0) text: Seeing the bullets are useless against Paul, the humans r Paul chases them until he sees~ A grenade launcher. The militant FIRES. In the tight spac Paul has nowhere to dodge. The grenade EXPLODES, blowing off his feet. The smoke clears. Paul stands back up, his damage already repairing itself. The RIFT militants lose their enthusiasm. The CEILING gives way as FIVE MORE HYBRIDS drop into the tunnel. The humans run like mad. The hybrids give chase. Paul, taking the rear, SNAPS the thick SUPPORT BEAMS, COLLAPSING the tunnel as he goes. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Max and Bree sprint for the desert. The hybrids gain on t SIX OLD MODEL PICKUP TRUCKS head for them. The RIFT caval The trucks SKID TO THEIR SIDES, revealing M2 BROWNING MAC GUNS mounted to each of them. Bob, manning one of the .50’s, OPENS FIRE on Martin. The ARMOR PIERCING ROUNDS POCKET Martin’s exoskeleton. As soo Martin hits the ground, his damage starts self-repairing. Max and Bree scramble into the truck bed. The vehicles tu for a line of canyons. Bob covers their retreat with the The hybrids sprint after. Martin, his armor completing th last of its repairs, stands up to continue the chase. Bob's TRACER BULLETS find the closest hybrid. The high- caliber rounds POUND the cyborg. MACHINE GUNNERS from the other trucks add to Bob's fire. The hybrid darts and dodg the majority of the rounds. 89. Bob keeps firing. The hybrid materializes a thick SHIELD. keeps firing. THOUSANDS of rounds shred the shield and th hybrid falls. One of the hybrids VAULTS into the air, arcs overhead, an CRASHES onto the hood of truck next to Max’s. CRUSHING it
98) 0) text: The projection of Martin’s POV is wiped by STATIC. WILL’S HOLOGRAM We're not connected to Martin anymore. He’s gone.
100) 0) text: Max leads them through the RIFT WAR ROOM. It’s low-tech, everything else here. MILITARY BRASS pour over maps and m battle plans. Seeing Martin, they salute Max.
101) 0) text: Two dozen HACKERS of all styles man computers. Older contraptions connected by a rats nest of cables. Martin, on a steel table, is chained to the floor. He sta at the computers. Max approaches, wearing chemical gloves
102) 0) text: The hackers, bleary from the marathon session, write code Every few lines or so they post work to the main terminal where Joseph collates and assembles the VIRUS. He finds Max staring at Martin.