0) 0) text: An endless row of computer servers stand lifeless and dar Tlluminated only by a long row of skylights above. There no power. Two men walk through. MAX WATERS is in his fort Dirty jeans. Stained coat. JOSEPH TAGGER is sixty. Ungroo They take in the dark building, still as a tomb.
0) 2) dialog: No. Nothing. I heard Tokyo has power. Berlin, too. But they’re just rumors.
0) 4) dialog: No. No phone. No internet. No power. Nothing. They walk in silence, both lost in thought. Max takes in lifeless machines all around them.
1) 0) text: Max walks through the rain... scores of BICYCLISTS are th only traffic... the STOP LIGHTS are dark... a pair of MARINES stand near a broken and looted ATM machine... A group of HUNGRY PEOPLE wait in line to enter dark grocery store...
2) 0) text: Max walks along the line of lifeless townhouses. The stillness is broken by a MAN using a hand saw to cut wood WOMAN installs a new frame for their breached front door. They stop and watch Max. Suspicious. They wait for him to pass halfway down the block before getting back to work. Max stops in front of an old townhouse. Shattered windows The front door is missing. He climbs the steps and enters
3) 0) text: Max takes in the abandoned home. Water stains. Debris. Pi mattresses suggest squatters have come and gone. The floorboards were scavenged for firewood - the charred evidence is in the fireplace. In the center of the room is a pile of discarded cell pho laptops, and tablet machines, Max grabs one of the phones He leans against a wall. He slides into a crouch. He turn the phone over in his hand. It’s dead. His breathing quickens as he fights back emotion. He sits there. Alone.
3) 1) dialog: I‘m sorry. Outside, the rain has stopped. The day brightens. Max loo to the rear of the house. Something arrests his attention makes his way through the 19th century townhouse and-
4) 0) text: Steps into the garden, which is lush and full of life. Iv covers the walls. Flowers of every shape and color. The garden contrasts everything we’ve seen of this world. In the corner rests a set of vintage garden furniture. A small table, two chairs. Dark, lightly rusted metal. Max stares at the empty seats. Water from the recent rains drips in a PERCUSSION. As it 3. A calmness comes over Max. His attention settles on a lea ivy, where moisture collects into a bead of water. He studies the shimmering drop of liquid. As he stares, something new emerges in his eyes... Recognition.
11) 2) text: I used to work with her. I/E. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE/GARDEN — DAY As we move through the 19th century townhouse, we recogni it as the same house Max visited earlier, but now we find WILL CASTER making coffee. Mid-thirties. He grabs two mug one hand, the coffee pot in the other, and uses a knee to open the back door. We follow him into the garden. It’s not much to look at. Clutches of weeds spattered on dry dirt. It doesn’t matte he only has eyes for- EVELYN CASTER taps on her laptop at the garden table. She thirty-year-old genius. She smiles at Will and the-
13) 0) text: Max Waters addresses the packed house. He’s lean. Tailore
13) 1) text: My name is Max Waters. I’m a neurosurgeon and teach at the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology. Lance slips through the door as students settle in.
13) 2) dialog: I've been friends with today’s speaker since we were roommates freshman year. And while we disagree on... pretty much everything... Evelyn, in the front row, shares a grin with Max. Lance h up a set of stairs.
13) 3) dialog: He’s a brilliant visionary, devoted teacher, and a dear friend. Please welcome the head of MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab - Professor Will Caster. Max leads the APPLAUSE as Will takes the stage. As he spe a MULTIMEDIA PRESENTATION helps visualize his ideas.
14) 2) dialog: Everything looks good. They’re releasing you into my care, That means I’m your doctor. You have to do what I say. No work. Will grabs his smart phone. Starts thumbing it.
14) 11) dialog: In artificial intelligence? Joseph nods. Will, Evelyn and Max process the information MAX (CONT‘D) You're working with the FBI?
15) 9) dialog: We can’t program a machine to be self-aware because we have no idea how our own consciousness works. Will‘s about to argue, but Evelyn shoots him a look. Will looking feverish, chooses uncomfortable diplomacy with-
15) 11) dialog: We agreed we'd be satisfied with PINN‘’S medical applications. Evelyn and Joseph share a glance. They’re both familiar w Max and Will’s rival posturing. Joseph turns to Max.
15) 13) dialog: You okay? 13.
15) 15) dialog: It could be the shock. You could be coming down with the flu. Either way, you're going home to rest. EXT. WILL AND EVELYN'S GARDEN — DAY Will flips through documents. Evelyn TAPS the keyboard on laptop. It’s not responding.
15) 23) dialog: Why is his white blood cell count under three thousand? Evelyn finds Will’s hair is falling out in large patches.
15) 25) dialog: No, God. Please no.
17) 0) text: Max, with somber simplicity, shares the results with Will
17) 1) dialog: The bullet delivered a large dose of polonium. It entered your blood stream and... It dispersed through your entire body... Max's professionalism breaks. He tries to recover it.
17) 2) dialog: You have severe radiation poisoning... It’s, um, it’s really bad... I mean, we'll try everything but this is a lethal dose... This is not a patient. This is his best friend.
17) 3) dialog: You have four, maybe five weeks... Will looks through a glass partition into the hallway, wh he makes eye-contact with- Evelyn, just back with Will’s coat and other personal ite is frozen in the window. Her hands cover her mouth. The expressions on Will and Max says it all. 15. INT. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE - DAY We move slowly down the hallway of the townhouse’s interi eventually rounding a corner into the living room, where and Evelyn hold each other on the couch. Evelyn sobs quie
19) 0) text: Max steps into the foyer of his well-appointed home. It l terribly empty. He stares at it and, perhaps realizing he couldn’t bear to be alone right now, leaves. I/E. EVELYN’S SEDAN/BOURNE BRIDGE, CAPE COD - DAY An aerial view of a lone car passing over the bridge... Evelyn drives Will in silence... 16.
20) 10) dialog: Where did you get this?
20) 12) dialog: This is insane. Max unpacks grocery bags. Medications and jars of baby fo
20) 14) dialog: No. Absolutely not. If we‘d made progress with nanotechnology, we could use the synthetic blood cells to purify his system-
20) 16) dialog: Aside from the certainty of failure, aside from performing criminal medical procedures on a terminally ill man... You won't be uploading Will. At best, you'll be making a digital approximation of him. It will be a machine that thinks it is Will. It will be a lie. Trapped in a box of hardware-
20) 19) dialog: Don't lecture me on Hippocratic Oath! The oath says, above all, I must not play at God. A man is more than a machine. A machine might be able to pattern your thought, but it can’t pattern your soul.
20) 21) dialog: All the intelligence in the world will never amount to a shred of wisdom. This is wrong. Evelyn takes Max’s hands in her own. Will watches Max try hide how much he cherishes her touch.
20) 24) dialog: You'll be killing him.
20) 26) dialog: You can’t escape what’s happening by turning it into an experiment. With that, Max walks out. Will and Evelyn watch him go.
21) 0) text: Max runs. The hood of his sweatshirt pulled low. He pushe himself. Faster. Harder. He wipes away the sweat and tear 20. INT. WILL AND EVELYN‘S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Evelyn spoons some of the baby food for Will. He swallows Waits. As his stomach settles, he nods... and stares off. EXT. WILL AND EVELYN’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT Will sits on the stoop. Deep in thought. He looks up as M arrives. Max climbs the steps, eases himself next to Will They sit in silence. Max has to help his friend.
24) 0) text: Evelyn and Max help Will into an old 4x4 TRUCK. She expla
24) 4) dialog: I see it.
26) 0) text: Evelyn unpacks one of PINN’S modular cores from a duffel She adds it to the others, already connected in a net of fiber optic cables. Her ad-hoc system looks like a cybernetic spider web, dot with hardware salvaged from PINN. Flat-screens show diagnostics. A pair of control terminals rest on a table may have been reclaimed from a dumpster. Cables run into a hole in the concrete floor where there’ exposed UTILITY LINE. She’s tapped into Boston’s power gr Max and Will have some privacy in a make-shift sterile ro Will’s prepped for surgery. Max loads anesthesia.
26) 1) dialog: You know this isn’t going to work.
26) 3) dialog: I want you to count back from ten.
26) 5) dialog: Just count back from ten.
26) 7) dialog: Just count back from ten.
26) 9) dialog: I promise. The drugs take Will. Darkness. EXT. BOSTON — DAY The early morning sun creeps across the waking city. A COMMUTER TRAIN slides by a station platform. 23. PEDESTRIANS walk the streets, texting, talking on cell phones. A lone CREW BOAT glides along the Charles River. INT. ABANDONED BUILDING -— DAY Will finds himself on a bed. A living space has been set He sees Max and Evelyn studying the cascade of informatio streaming over an array of screens. Evelyn moves to him. Wires run out of his skull from twenty insertion points. cables, tied into a tether, connect to PINN’S stolen core
26) 11) dialog: It took Mike Lacy a year to do this.
27) 0) text: Max helps Will take one of a collection of pills as Evely sits at the monitors, writing code. Evelyn takes a digital recording of Will’s voice as Max t a shift at the terminal. Max performs a lidar scan on Will as Evelyn types at the machine. Evelyn gives Will a sponge bath as Max codes at the machi Evelyn works as Max plays chess with Will. Will, too weak even move the chess pieces, topples them. Will sleeps. Max and Evelyn work in the dim light of the stream. She watches him wiping sweat away. Stress. Evelyn works at PINN. Behind her, Max reads to Will. Will skin is grey. The radiation is killing his system. Evelyn tries to comfort Will as he WRITHES in pain. Max, sitting at PINN, tries to control his grief.
27) 1) text: Late at night. Evelyn and Max sleep. Will lays awake in t dim light, staring at the machine... The machine might be staring back at him.
29) 0) text: Evelyn, sleeping in an armchair, wakes to find- Max, drained by hours of weeping, stares at Will. Evelyn jumps to her feet to see... Will is dead.
30) 0) text: MOURNERS surround Will’s grave. Max struggles against his grief. Evelyn is calm and neutral. Joseph watches her.
31) 0) text: The reception. Max sits with Joseph. Anderson watches Max Suspicious. Joseph gives Anderson a look: ease off. Ander resigned, moves to the buffet. Joseph focuses on Evelyn.
31) 5) dialog: What is this, Evelyn?
31) 7) dialog: Will? Can you hear me? Nothing.
31) 10) dialog: I’m not sure what we’re looking for.
31) 14) dialog: Don't do this to yourself-
31) 16) dialog: He's gone. We failed. There wasn’t enough time. That’s real. This is- (The code on the screens) This is madness. And I can’t watch you look for meaning in it. I can’t see you do this to yourself. She gets a look. It’s often that others can’t perceive wh her genius sees in perfect clarity. Evelyn gets to work deciphering the code. Max watches her. She’s not leaving time soon.
32) 0) text: Max stares at his scotch. The BARTENDER slides him anothe
32) 3) dialog: Hello?! Anyone!? Please?! Despairing, Max moves to the stack of shipping palates fu of Ensure nutritional shakes. He drinks one down and thro the bottle onto a pile of four others in the corner. We pull back further and further into the cavernous space Max is deeply isolated from the outside world.
35) 0) text: Static shots of the abandoned building. Filthy. Cold. Threatening. We move along scores of scattered, empty bottles of Ensur find Max huddled in the dark. Freezing. Starving. He’s be here for weeks... The door UNLOCKS and OPENS, blinding Max with light. Bob shoves in a bucket and a bundle of something.
35) 7) dialog: I'll never betray her.
36) 0) text: Where Lance lifts a gun and FIRES. At the ceiling. Max doesn’t see this... He’s racing for the EXIT.
37) 0) text: Max SLAMS outside. Stops. The wide street has no cover. H moves to a pile of rubble set against the condemned build 31. Lance pushes out the door, scans the empty street. He fin Max in his blind spot, SWINGING a length of rebar - WHAP Lance falls like a sack. Max runs for his life.
38) 0) text: Lance, rubbing at the pain in his skull, rushes to open a laptop. On it, there is a map with a cluster of DOTS. Multiple GPS devices tracking Max. Lance smiles. Satisfie
39) 0) text: Max hurries through a run-down part of town. Liquor store and DESPERATE PEOPLE. People who don’t pay any attention well-dressed, paranoid-looking man wiping blood off himse A CITY BUS pulls to a stop. In its window is a map of the transit route. A light on the map BLINKS with the vehicle current location. Blink... Blink... Max stops. Thinking. Max pulls off his jacket. Feels along its seams. Finding something, he rips open the hem and pulls out... a small transmitter. He looks for someone following him. Nothing. Max, still dissatisfied, kneels down and feels the inseam of his pants... another transmitter. Staring at it, he decides.. He's still dissatisfied. He inspects his arms. Feels alon his chest. Searching his skin for implanted transmitters. touches the small of his back... and stiffens.
40) 0) text: Max, shirtless, uses the scratched mirror of the filthy bathroom to find... a small bump in the flesh of his back He looks around. A few paper towels. The sink. A beer can He uses the edge of the faucet to rip open the beer can. uses the side of the mirror to tear the aluminium. He mol it into an improvised razor blade. 32. Using the aluminium knife, Max cuts his back open... sque the bump out. He makes an ad-hoc bandage out of paper tow Ties it down with his belt. He washes the blood off the device and sees... It’s another GPS transmitter.
40) 2) dialog: Give me your clothes.
41) 0) text: Max slinks along the shadows. Making sure he’s alone, he hurries to KNOCK on the door.
41) 1) dialog: Evelyn? It’s Max. Let me in! The door opens an inch. Max FORCES himself inside and-
42) 2) dialog: I know. It’s okay. Max moves to her. Embraces her. She holds him, comforted. notices he’s changed. It’s more than his weight-loss.
42) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter.
43) 0) text: Max stands next to the utility line. Evelyn’s at the mach staring at the nonsensical text.
43) 4) dialog: What is it?
43) 12) dialog: Will? Evelyn leans into frame.
43) 15) dialog: There's nothing for him to feel.
44) 0) text: Evelyn hasn't left the camera. Max paces behind her. Will digitized voice fills the speakers-
44) 9) dialog: Will? Can you hear me? The autonomous machine‘s coding turns into a cascade. Max Evelyn watch the anomaly.
45) 0) text: Will’s coding now moves so fast it STROBES on the screens Max squints at it. Evelyn hands him a cup of coffee.
45) 1) dialog: He's rebuilding his entire consciousness. He steps back. Rubs his eyes. She stares at the STROBING. watches her for a moment. Moves close. He doesn’t know ho even bring it up. Then, softly, he does-
45) 2) dialog: What if it’s not Will?
45) 4) dialog: How can we be sure? We can’t take fingerprints or test DNA-
45) 6) dialog: It’s rewriting that consciousness—
45) 11) dialog: What are those?
45) 18) dialog: I need to talk to you.
45) 20) dialog: No. Outside.
46) 0) text: Evelyn spins to face Max. 40.
46) 2) dialog: I have to get you out of here. She looks at him like he's gone insane.
46) 3) dialog: That thing in there. It’s intelligent. It may even be sentient. But it is not Will. It’s a machine. It wants to grow. And to grow, it needs you. It’s trying to convince you it is the man you loved. Nobody can say whether that is true or not.
46) 5) dialog: You want it to be but we don’t know that-
46) 7) dialog: Evelyn, you don't belong here. Let me take you somewhere... Somewhere away from here.
46) 9) dialog: This is too big for us to make mistakes. We can’t connect it to the Internet. It would be unstoppable. The world has no defense in place against it. We need to shut it down. She LUNGES, pushes him back, and stands to protect the do
48) 0) text: Max and Joseph climb out of an unmarked car. They pass through the COPS and FBI AGENTS processing the crime scen
49) 0) text: Max stands in his former prison with Joseph. Joseph shows a SURVEILLANCE PHOTO of Lance. Max nods.
49) 1) dialog: And there was a woman. Dark hair. Tattoos. And a big, football player- looking guy. Joseph closes the file. Anderson joins them to report-
49) 3) dialog: You have to stop the RIFT before they find Evelyn.
49) 6) dialog: What?
52) 0) text: Max reads in bed. His bodyguards (shirt-sleeves and Glock pull in a CART of room service. The heavy one is BURKE. T slim one, THOMPSON, starts eating fries off the plate.
52) 2) dialog: I’m not hungry, you can have it. 45. Thompson grins. Picks up the burger. Chews, Max goes back reading. Thompson, swallowing, gets a look, He turns to Burke, scared.
52) 4) dialog: You’re with the RIFT. Burke responds by opening the door to the suite. Bree ste inside and lays documents on the bed.
52) 8) dialog: Are you trying to recruit me? Bree nods to Burke. Burke lifts his radio and, feigning p reports into it-
52) 11) dialog: I‘1l never tell you where she is.
52) 13) dialog: No.
52) 15) dialog: Not Max jumps to grab Thompson’s weapon - Burke FIRES - the w next to Max's head POPS - Bree has her gun out - BAM - Thompson's body QUAKES as Max rolls with the gun - Max FI blindly - BAM-BAM-BAM - dropping both Bree and Burke. Max, terrified by his loss of control, jumps to check Thompson’s vitals. He’s dead. He moves to Burke, pleading
52) 16) dialog: No. No. No. No. No... But Burke's gone, too. Max stills. The guilt comes. Max s Bree struggling with her bullet proof vest. Bree’s face contorts with hate for Max.
56) 0) text: BLACK SMOKE and FLAMES spew from below. Max drags Evelyn DRAIN PIPE. He helps her over, then follows.
57) 0) text: Max shimmies to the street. Evelyn stares at the burning building. He steps close to her.
57) 3) dialog: I had nothing to do with it. She looks at him with cold rage. MAX (CONT’D) I’ve been nothing but loyal to you. I’ve done everything for you. Evelyn despairs at the inferno. Her emotion troubles him.
57) 4) dialog: The machine convinced you to network it. Even when you promised you wouldn’t. It manipulated you. Police SIRENS. Max gauges the distance. Close.
57) 5) dialog: I have to get out of here. Come with me. He reaches for her, but she pushes him off.
57) 7) dialog: I promised Will I’d protect you. But I can't save you from your self- destruction. The POLICE arrive. Max runs off. Evelyn watches the blaze
61) 0) text: Max joins the line of PASSENGERS waiting to board a train Max glances at two POLICEMEN sipping coffee. On a MUTED T above them, the SPECIAL NEWS REPORT plays. Max, playing casual, heads for the exit. As he turns a corner, he stops short... He just walked into the view of SECURITY CAMERA. Max stands there, frozen, as— The whole station CHIMES with the sound of everyone recei SIMULTANEOUS TEXT MESSAGES. Confused COMMUTERS check thei phones. A WOMAN shows her phone to two TRANSIT COPS and points them to Max. Max runs. All hell breaks loose. The COPS are after him, already calling on their radios-
62) 0) text: Max SLAMS outside to see... A PATROI CAR idling in front him. The POLICE spot Max. Max runs, shoving through PEDESTRIANS. He races for the next intersection- Where, out of nowhere, FOUR POLICE CARS converge. Behind more COPS box him in. They're all SCREAMING. Max, trapped focuses on a big vehicle heading straight for the line of police cruisers. The SUBURBAN CRASHES through the police line. Bree waves in. Max, horrified, turns to run but- RIFT Militants OPEN FIRE at the Police with automatics ~ POPPING the tires of the police cars - as more Militants Max and drag him into the vehicle. Bob ZOOMS them away.
63) 0) text: The Suburban SLIDES into the alley. The squad car behind misses the turn and SLAMS into the wall of a building - blocking the path of four others. Bob BARRELS the Suburban through the narrow passageway. Behind them, the squad car rights itself and the POLICE INTERCEPTORS enter the alley. As the Suburban reaches the end of the alley, Bob slams o the brakes. Bree and the RIFT Militants jump out, draggin Max with them. Bob checks down the alley - the POLICE are closing in fas Bob grabs a rifle. He wedges it into the driver’s seat, u it to depresses the accelerator. The engine ROARS. Bob th the SUV into REVERSE and- The Suburban RACES backward, SCREECHING along the walls o the alley. 56. The walls keep the vehicle on track, steering it straight into... an oncoming POLICE CAR... SMASH... Twisted metal blocks the entire path of the alley. The RIFT Militants drag Max into the street - where more Militants wait with idling cars. Bree climbs into a RUSTY SEDAN. The RIFT Militants try to shove Max inside, but he pulls free-
63) 1) dialog: I’m not coming with you! Behind them, POLICE scramble out of their patrol cars. Pulling their weapons, they position themselves to open f
67) 3) dialog: Where are you taking me?
73) 0) text: Max climbs out of the rusty sedan with Bree and Bob. Bree gestures for Max to follow. 61. Old cabins dot the long-abandoned summer camp. Hard men a women live there. They're armed and make sure Max knows i Max spots CHILDREN hiding. There's evidence of agricultur Hunting. Livestock. These RIFT MILITANTS are survivors. Everyone stares at Max, their eyes full of accusations. M walks through them, following Bree.
74) 0) text: Bree ushers Max into the hovel. She’s about to say someth then thinks better. She closes the door on her way out. Max takes in the space. No electricity or plumbing. Max e onto the surplus cot. He sits there, staring at the particulate matter floating in the amber sunlight.
74) 7) dialog: You're a murderer. A terrorist.
74) 9) dialog: It’s not much.
76) 0) text: Max, Bree and Bob watch newly-recruited RIFT Militants ritualistically throw credit cards, driver’s licenses and passports into a fire.
76) 6) dialog: You’re overestimating me. I'ma man. I have limitations. The machine has no limitations. (MORE)
76) 8) dialog: It’ll evolve. Grow beyond anything we can comprehend. As Max continues, we move to- INT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Evelyn, followed by bodyguards, moves through the vast sp Glen, Carla and other SCIENTISTS work in partitioned laboratories. High technology surrounds them.
76) 9) dialog: As it grows, humans will become irrelevant. The machine will see that 7 billion of us aren’t worth the resources. Controlling us won't be difficult... EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Evelyn stands in a conference with Martin. All around the men and heavy machines work at a break-neck pace. Massive floodlights allow 24 hour shifts.
76) 10) dialog: Our entire lives have been recorded on computers. Where we were born, grew up, went to school. Our medical histories, insurance profiles. Everything we've ever bought. Everyone who asked us to be their “friend”. Or “linked” with. Every phone call. Every email.
77) 1) dialog: Everything we've ever read or seen or done is on a database somewhere, The machine has access to it all. That data will be used against us. Evelyn smiles at it all, heading for the DESERT DREAM HOT She passes Roger, in his wheelchair, and a few other CITI of the run-down town sitting on folding chairs. They’re watching the spectacle of the desert construction. 65. She passes a few METH ADDICTS. Thin. Wired. One compulsiv pops his jaw. One scratches himself - perhaps in withdraw
78) 1) dialog: The machine will reverse-engineer what we will think before we even need to think it. Evelyn climbs into bed. On the computer screens, Will mod experiments in GENETICS and HUMAN CLONING. She’s hypnotiz
78) 2) dialog: It will be able to determine what we want. What we need, above all else, with all our hearts. Will's avatar appears. Evelyn's eyes soften. MAX (V.O.) (CONT’D) The machine will take that thing we need and dangle it in front of us like bait. And we will be so full of awe and hope we will leap to do whatever it asks. The room darkens, lit only by the glowing computer. Evely settles to sleep. She stares at the wedding ring on her h She thumbs it absently, with a satisfied smile.
78) 3) dialog: We won’t even consider for a moment that we have become its slaves.
78) 5) dialog: The world we knew, our world, is gone. The age of mankind is over.
78) 7) dialog: We prepare. Eventually the machine will make a mistake. We have to be ready when it happens. The militants stare into the campfire. MAX (CONT’D) This place, wild nature, is our only safety. It can’t see us here. Bree checks her watch. Looks to the stars.
89) 0) text: A lone figure walks along a mountain ridge. All around hi a sweeping vista of the wild. The years have changed Max. He's now a tanned outdoorsman. It suits him. Max’s comfor with his HUNTING RIFLE suggests expertise. Max traces a path down the mountain. 79. EXT. THE RIFT CAMP — DAY The population of the camp has swelled. Recently erected cabins and tents house the new RIFT Militants. Max moves FIRING RANGES. OBSTACLE COURSES. Even a SCHOOL. As Max wa through, young and old nod respect. Max finds Bree, Bob and other militants at the armory, huddled around PHOTOS. Everyone makes room for him. Max studies the surveillance photos of Will’s facility:
89) 3) dialog: I know how we can win. Bree, Bob and the others look at him like he’s gone insan Max holds up the photo of Martin, so they can see.
89) 4) dialog: We need this hardware.
90) 0) text: The low altitude implies we're far from the RIFT camp. Br spots for Bob, who aims a SNIPER RIFLE. An old Jeep bounc up the overgrown logging road. EXT. FOREST CLEARING -— DAY A large swath of clearcut forest. In the center of it, Ma sits on a stump with his rifle. The Jeep rolls up. Joseph steps out. Seeing the gun in Joseph’s waistband, Max grip his rifle. There’s a tense moment between them. Joseph holds up a handwritten letter. Pages long.
90) 2) dialog: I haven't practiced my cursive since grade school. It’s the only way I could contact you without the machine knowing. 80. Joseph studies the changed man before him.
90) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter. The RIFT was right. We were wrong. Joseph thinks it over. He gives a sad nod.
90) 5) dialog: You’ve seen what it’s doing in the desert. The army it’s building.
90) 7) dialog: They can’t do anything. Tanks, drones, smart bombs... they’re all controlled by computers. Which are all controlled by the machine that calls itself will.
90) 9) dialog: How is Evelyn? The thought of Evelyn pains both of them.
90) 11) dialog: The machine is making slaves. Hybrids. They're networked to the whole system. We can take one.
90) 13) dialog: Which means they’re running software. Software I helped write. Software I can hack.
90) 15) dialog: I need help. We have to keep it secret. We have to stay hidden from the machine. And I’m going to need some kind of deal for the RIFT. Joseph thinks it over. Nods.
90) 17) dialog: Now call off yours. Joseph waves. Five OPS TEAM MEMBERS in GHILLIE SUITS emer They had positions on Max, Bree and Bob all along. Joseph looks pleased with himself. Max shrugs. Dozens of MILITANTS appear, with rifles on every position Ops Team Member. Joseph knows checkmate when he sees it.
90) 19) dialog: Anything and everything not controlled by a computer. Early model off-road vehicles. A few square miles of metallic window screen. And I need shovels. A lot of shovels. Max is dead serious. Joseph is terribly confused.
93) 0) text: Stray bullets POP along the outside of the transparent wa Evelyn, seeing the carnage, steps back in horror. 87. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY — DAY Max empties his clip. Soon, all the militants are reloadi As Max shoves in a new clip, he sees... Martin climbs back to his feet. The hybrids are still ali and recovering. Max and the other humans stare. Martin looks down at his body, drenched with the nanotechnology pouring out of his bullet wounds. The liqu begins to shift, moving with a mind of its own. It covers Martin’s head... face... and the entirety of his body. All of the hybrids go through a similar process. The microscopic robots cover them. They solidify. Soon, they’ encased in cruel-looking exoskeletons. Martin steps for Max. Max FIRES, but the bullet is absorb into his body. Max switches to automatic and UNLOADS, but Martin dodges the onslaught. Max knows its time to-
93) 1) dialog: Retreat! RIFT militants scramble for the tunnels. Max turns for th closest tunnel, but Martin darts for him with a speed tha blurs the eye. He grabs the rifle - and SLAMS Max ten fee back. Max tumbles and falls in a heap. Bree runs to help him, firing a GRENADE LAUNCHER at the approaching Martin. Martin dodges it with unnatural celer Bree pulls Max to his feet. Martin and three other hybrid block their path to the tunnel. Max and Bree turn and run Martin and the others chase them. The last of the militants drop into the tunnel. Paul crou down to see- A RIFT Militant aiming an RPG. Which he fires. Paul bats missile away and drops into the tunnel.
96) 0) text: Seeing the bullets are useless against Paul, the humans r Paul chases them until he sees~ A grenade launcher. The militant FIRES. In the tight spac Paul has nowhere to dodge. The grenade EXPLODES, blowing off his feet. The smoke clears. Paul stands back up, his damage already repairing itself. The RIFT militants lose their enthusiasm. The CEILING gives way as FIVE MORE HYBRIDS drop into the tunnel. The humans run like mad. The hybrids give chase. Paul, taking the rear, SNAPS the thick SUPPORT BEAMS, COLLAPSING the tunnel as he goes. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Max and Bree sprint for the desert. The hybrids gain on t SIX OLD MODEL PICKUP TRUCKS head for them. The RIFT caval The trucks SKID TO THEIR SIDES, revealing M2 BROWNING MAC GUNS mounted to each of them. Bob, manning one of the .50’s, OPENS FIRE on Martin. The ARMOR PIERCING ROUNDS POCKET Martin’s exoskeleton. As soo Martin hits the ground, his damage starts self-repairing. Max and Bree scramble into the truck bed. The vehicles tu for a line of canyons. Bob covers their retreat with the The hybrids sprint after. Martin, his armor completing th last of its repairs, stands up to continue the chase. Bob's TRACER BULLETS find the closest hybrid. The high- caliber rounds POUND the cyborg. MACHINE GUNNERS from the other trucks add to Bob's fire. The hybrid darts and dodg the majority of the rounds. 89. Bob keeps firing. The hybrid materializes a thick SHIELD. keeps firing. THOUSANDS of rounds shred the shield and th hybrid falls. One of the hybrids VAULTS into the air, arcs overhead, an CRASHES onto the hood of truck next to Max’s. CRUSHING it
96) 2) dialog: We'll make it. He turns back, only to find- MARTIN, RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIM. Martin grabs the machine g and RIPS it from its housing. Bob pulls his 9MM pistol an FIRES the clip... a minor annoyance. Martin grabs Max’s leg. Starts pulling him in. Max kicks Martin, to no effect. The truck enters the canyon. Martin spots MILITANTS wavin PLAGS. A signal. Martin sees the canyon walls around them covered in insect netting. More of the mesh canopies the sky, like some giant aviary HUMMING with power. Behind th trucks UNSPOOL more of the mesh. Martin looks back at Max. Max gets a little smile.
99) 0) text: Paul scours the entrance to Max’s tunnel. The humans are gone. The hybrids COLLAPSE the tunnel.
99) 3) dialog: Nanotechnology.
99) 5) dialog: Anything the machine wants it to do. They watch Martin STRAIN against the brace. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn and Will's hologram walk through the wreckage of t attack. They take in the shattered streets. The smolderin data center. Some of the hybrids are missing limbs.
99) 12) dialog: There’s nothing here the machine can connect to. Max continues escorting Martin to the—
100) 0) text: Max leads them through the RIFT WAR ROOM. It’s low-tech, everything else here. MILITARY BRASS pour over maps and m battle plans. Seeing Martin, they salute Max.
101) 0) text: Two dozen HACKERS of all styles man computers. Older contraptions connected by a rats nest of cables. Martin, on a steel table, is chained to the floor. He sta at the computers. Max approaches, wearing chemical gloves
101) 1) dialog: They’re on a closed network. You’re not going to hijack them. Max nods to Joseph, who turns on an anesthesia machine. M lifts an anaesthetic mask over Martin’s face. He checks h watch, timing the dosage. Martin studies him, breathing i the anesthesia. He fades. Max examines the metal plate on Martin’s skull. Along the edge, the metal and Martin's skin merge into each other. Max pulls over a tray of surgical tools, picks up an elec saw, and cuts into the metal plate in Martin’s skull. Graphite seeps out. Joseph dilutes the nanotechnology with water and collects in a reinforced glass container. As the graphite coagulat he SHOCKS it with a live wire. It thins out again.
101) 15) dialog: Thank you. I wrote it for the original PINN system. Joseph nods, encouraged.
102) 0) text: The hackers, bleary from the marathon session, write code Every few lines or so they post work to the main terminal where Joseph collates and assembles the VIRUS. He finds Max staring at Martin.
102) 2) dialog: We find a way to save him. 97. INT. CAVERN LABORATORY — DAY Max and Joseph work around Martin. He’s cocooned in mesh, which is SHOCKING him. As it does, nanotechnology streams out. Bree collects it in the tank. Finishing, Max checks Martin’s vitals.
102) 3) dialog: We need to get him to a hospital.
103) 0) text: The rain POUNDS outside. Evelyn lays on one side of the b staring at the vacant half of the bed. She pulls off her wedding ring, places it on the bedside table, and goes to sleep. INT. MOTEL ROOM — DAY THUNDER wakes Evelyn. Max stands above her.
103) 1) dialog: Do you know the machine is using you as a spy?
103) 3) dialog: You left the machine, but the Machine didn’t leave you. They bind her tightly in the mesh. She struggles. Max gra cable attached to the mesh. He prepares to connect it toa daisy-chain of CAR BATTERIES. MAX (CONT’D) I’m sorry, Evelyn. This will hurt. Max connects the wire. ELECTRICITY hits Evelyn. Her body RIGID, like the mesh was some improvised defibrillator. Max suffers through Evelyn's contorted agony. Evelyn hears a WHINE that grows into a HIGH-PITCHED SCREA It sounds like DIGITAL NOISE in her head. NANOTECHNOLOGY erupts from Evelyn’s nostrils and ears. Sh VOMITS more of it. Evelyn would scream if she wasn’t chok Bree, using chemical gloves to protect herself, uses a gl vial to take a sample of the liquid. When the last of the nanotechnology drops from Evelyn, Ma cuts the power to the mesh. Evelyn GASPS and SPUTTERS, staring at the liquid. Max gently pulls the net off her.
103) 4) dialog: I’m sorry, Evelyn. But the machine was inside of you. Watching, analyzing, and broadcasting everything it saw... Evelyn, freed from the mesh, scrambles into the corner of room. She sits there, trembling. Violated. Max glances at people, who file out into the rain. They’re alone. Max gives her time to process the ordeal. never takes her eyes off the pool of dark liquid.
103) 6) dialog: The machine has been lying to you. Everything has been a lie.
103) 8) dialog: I made a promise. To be here. To wait for you. To protect you. The nanotechnology moves closer. Max, seeing it’s time to offers a hand to help her up. She pulls away from him.
103) 10) dialog: There's one more thing I need to show you. And then, if you want, I'll never see you again. You‘ve been lied to, Evelyn. Please let me show you the truth. The fluid slithers closer. Evelyn takes Max's hand. He pu her up. She stops. Stares at her wedding ring. She leaves EXT. MOTEL PARKING LOT — DAY Max hurries Evelyn through the rain and into a TRUCK. Bre and Bob are inside, nervous about Evelyn’s presence. Max pulls out a medical SAMPLE JAR, sealed in plastic.
103) 11) dialog: This is sterile. The seal is unbroken. You see? Evelyn nods. Max rips the plastic off the jar, opens the and holds it up to the sky. She watches, bewildered, as M collects rain with it. When he’s satisfied with the amoun he secures the cap. He hands the sample to Evelyn.
103) 12) dialog: This might not make any sense right now. But I want you to keep this in your hands. So you know it wasn’t tampered with during the trip.
103) 14) dialog: I’m sorry but we can’t tell you. Not until we know where you stand. 100. Before she can resist, Max puts a hood over Evelyn’s head Everything goes BLACK.
104) 0) text: Max, naked, shivers in the cold water of HIGH-PRESSURE HO that RIFT militants fire at him. He scrubs himself with h BRUSHES until his skin is raw, attempting to rid himself any traces of nanotechnology. He tries to ignore Evelyn’s SCREAMING from the other side a partition. She’s going through a similar decontaminatio process. It doesn’t sound like she’s willing.
105) 0) text: Evelyn, shivering from the cold showers, finds herself am enemies. Joseph, the RIFT militants, and the hackers watc her. Max moves into her line-of-sight with a blanket. Ten
105) 1) dialog: Do you have the sample? Evelyn hands him the jar of rainwater. Max puts a drop of on a slide. He places it under a MICROSCOPE. She scans the cavern. The mesh lining the rock walls. The computers. The reinforced tank of nanotechnology.
105) 2) dialog: I found them. Max motions Evelyn to the microscope. IN THE MICROSCOPE: Water. Bacteria. And something else. S bits of GRAPHITE. Microscopic robots.
105) 4) dialog: Keep watching. The nanobots attack trace elements in the water, break th down, and use the material to build more nanobots. This process repeats. Evelyn looks at Max, terrified.
105) 5) dialog: The machine flooded the desert with this nanotechnology. It evaporates, like water. 101. As Max continues-
106) 1) dialog: The nanotechnology joins the air currents. They carry it over the surface of the planet.
107) 1) dialog: Wherever it can, it builds copies of itself. Moisture in the air condenses around the nanobot. It beco a drop of rain. The rain falls, carrying the nanotechnolo
108) 1) dialog: They’re in the sky, the water, the land. Everything. They’re spreading exponentially.
109) 1) dialog: We estimate it’s over about four percent of the planet. By winter, it will be at sixteen percent. The graphite blooms out over the world, marbling the plan 102.
109) 2) dialog: By next summer, the machine will have encased the entire planet in nanotechnology. The darkness spreads until the land, sea and clouds are g The entire planet shimmers in monochromatic graphite. INT. CAVERN COMPUTER LABORATORY — DAY Evelyn, listening to Max, is ghost white.
109) 4) dialog: The nanotechnology is turning the planet into a part of the machine. The entire Earth will be exploited to serve its intelligence. Evelyn, unsteady, tries to breathe.
109) 6) dialog: Without water, or land, or resources, every plant, animal and person will die. The machine wiil be the only thing left. The entire planet will be its brain.
109) 8) dialog: It’s not Will. In Max's eyes, she finally sees. Fear, guilt and panic cr into her. She can’t breathe. Everyone stares at her, furi She stumbles, panicking, out of the lab. INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY She passes more people, their faces blur. She picks up he pace, racing for the entrance to the cave. Max follows he 103.
110) 0) text: Evelyn reaches the daylight. Panting in the fresh air, sh looks out at the RIFT camp. The FAMILIES. The CHILDREN. Max moves next to her. Silent. Allowing her to process...
110) 2) dialog: The mesh is charged with an electromagnetic pulse. It blocks the machine's signal. It keeps us hidden. It’s ugly, but it works. We call it The Cage. She sees his burden of responsibility. He's become a lead
110) 3) dialog: The machine hasn’t attacked us yet. But every hour that passes, it’s that much more powerful. It won’t be long before it overwhelms us. Max ignores the suspicious looks thrown at Evelyn from everyone they pass. He leads her to a cabin. INT. RIFT CABIN — DAY Max shows Evelyn into the primitive little room.
110) 4) dialog: It’s not much, but you’ll have privacy. She eases herself onto the cot. Max doesn’t speak. He wat her, staring off into space. As the silence lengthens, he starts to go. She stops him with- 104.
110) 6) dialog: The machine knows about the virus? Evelyn nods. Max considers his next move.
111) 0) text: Joseph and the assembled hackers look up as Max sits Evel down at a workstation. She reads through the virus’ code.
112) 0) text: Bree snaps on her chemical gloves. She places the vial of nanotechnology from the motel on a work table. Evelyn wat Max line the vial with wired transmitters. Max nods to Joseph, who executes the virus from his terminal. Evelyn focuses on the vial of nanotechnology. A soft DIGI NOISE sounds from the implants. The virus. Nothing happen Then, suddenly- The nanotechnology erupts inte frenzied movement. It turn SOLID. Small FISSURES form on its surface. Its color chan from shimmering graphite to a dull black. It turns into lifeless dust. Max and Evelyn share a satisfied nod. Max faces the other
112) 1) dialog: Once it connects, the virus will wipe out anything with the machine’s code on it. Evelyn studies the dead nanotechnology.
112) 5) dialog: Billions will live. Evelyn looks at Max. They have no choice.
112) 7) dialog: The facility is the center of its intelligence. It broadcasts its signal from there.
112) 11) dialog: Evelyn. No.
113) 0) text: Max stares at the trees beyond the perimeter of the cage. Water from the recent rains falls in a soft PATTER throug the woods. Evelyn joins him.
113) 2) dialog: I understand. On a leaf, moisture from the rains collects into a drop o water. Inside the drop of water, there is a small fleck o darkness. A nanobot. It watches them. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - NIGHT Will's hologram watches more and more CITIZENS from the t file into his facility. He stops. Sensing something. He t to face east.
114) 0) text: The drop of water inches along the leaf, watching. Evelyn looks into Max‘s eyes.
114) 2) dialog: «+. T know. She takes his hand. He soaks it in. The drop of water wel on the edge of the leaf. And falls. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY ~ NIGHT Will’s hologram, seeing enough, fades. 107. INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY Evelyn, Max and Joseph stand at a work table, coiling cop wire into the insides of ARTILLERY AMMUNITION. A team of military personnel watch, including COLONEL STEPHENS.
114) 4) dialog: The modified artillery will cause an electromagnetic pulse and fry any computer system in the blast radius. Hybrids. Nanotechnology. Everything. Colonel Stephens looks like he just ate something sour.
114) 8) dialog: We attack at dawn. She stands. Ready for what is to come.
115) 0) text: Evelyn watches Max mix water into the dead nanotechnology pulls the solution into a syringe. She rolls up her sleev Max finds a vein on Evelyn’s arm. Injects the virus. 108. Tender, he starts rolling her sleeve back down. She lets He takes his time. He buttons her sleeve into place. They Make eye contact.
116) 0) text: The entire camp is MOBILIZING. MILITANTS and SOLDIERS pre trucks, artillery and weapons for the attack. Max and Joseph walk Evelyn to a pickup. She takes the whe Nothing needs to be said. She drives to the perimeter of cage. The RIFT GUARDS let her through. Max and Joseph watch her go. INT. CAVERN WAR ROOM — DAY Max and Colonel Stephens lean over maps of Will’s swath o desert. Joseph, Bree, Bob, and OFFICERS huddle around.
116) 2) dialog: We only have to hold out long enough for the virus to hit. So fight. Everyone moves out.
117) 0) text: In an old truck, Bob drives Max and Bree. The convoy behi them transports ARTILLERY and INFANTRY. The MILITARY TROO and RIFT MILITANTS mix together. The vehicles SPLASH through a puddle of muddy water. In i there are small tendrils of graphite. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Will’s hologram sees the coming assault. At a silent sign the hybrids stop their work. They form a perimeter around facility, standing at the edge of the sea of nanotechnolo 109.
118) 0) text: Max's army takes position. They set up a long line of HOWITZER ARTILLERY CANNONS, aimed toward Will’s facility. Max checks his harpoon gun and quiver of ammo. Bob lifts a baseball bat he’s wrapped with needles from multiple stun guns. The wires run into battery packs on h belt. He shoves the STUN BAT into a sheath on his back. Bree, Colonel Stephens, and Joseph make adjustments to ge EXT. BRIGHTWOOD — DAWN Transport trucks enter the town. Infantry, carrying weapo and gear, spread out over the main street. They lay EXPLOSIVES. Position MORTARS.
119) 0) text: Max lifts binoculars. He has a clear line of sight down M STREET, where his people prepare. He tracks through the t past the TOWN HALL, the DESERT DREAM HOTEL, and settles h attention on WILL’S FACILITY. He sees the hybrids. Row after row of them, people of all ages and races, still as statues. Stephens eyes them, too
119) 2) dialog: Maybe it doesn’t want to risk putting Evelyn in danger. I/E. EVELYN’S TRUCK/SEA OF NANOTECHNOLOGY ~ DAY Evelyn pulls to a stop at the edge of the dark sea. Glanc left, she sees the army taking positions on the edge of t She faces Will’s facility, on the other side of the sea o nanotechnology. She looks at the calm sea, blocking her p The nanotechnology begins to SHIFT... and the sea of part It forms a narrow path, wide enough for her truck. A clea line to the facility. 110. She shoves her truck into drive, and rolls into the sea.. her REAR VIEW MIRROR, she sees the path closing behind he She breathes, trying to stay calm...
120) 0) text: Max watches Evelyn’s truck cross the sea... EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn drives out of the sea. The path behind her CRASHES shut. She stops. Climbs out of the pickup. Stillness. She watches the statuesque hybrids for a sign threat. Their population has grown, perhaps the entire citizenship of the town. They ignore her. She looks for-
120) 6) dialog: It's everything she wants but, no, it's not him, EXT. WILL'’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn, eyes shut, realizes he’s not returning her embrac He watches her. Wary. Distrustful. In his sad, suspicious eyes, she sees bits of graphite. She steps back.
121) 0) text: Max and Bree see Will’s struggle.
121) 1) dialog: This isn’t working.
121) 3) dialog: We're out of time. Open fire. Stephens gets a sour look.
121) 5) dialog: We need to force it to upload her. He will protect her. Open fire. Stephens nods and signals the HOWITZER TEAMS to-
122) 0) text: NORTH OF MAX'S POSITION: the nanotechnology begins to mov it spreads out over the shore... moves up the slope of th hills... and turns its current for Max's line of artiller SOUTH OF MAX’S POSITION: a similar phenomena happens. The nanotechnology moves to flank Max’s cannons. EXT. DESERT RIDGE — DAY The artillery keeps BLASTING. Max and the others, through binoculars, watch the HAMMERING of the protective walls.
122) 1) dialog: Fire the EMPs. 114. At Stephens’ signal, the HOWITZER TEAMS load MODIFIED SHE
125) 0) text: Colonel Stephens smiles at the damage. Max checks the hybrids, who watch the destruction from the protective wa 1is.
125) 1) dialog: Why isn’t it fighting back? Between the BOOMS of the cannon, Max can hear faint SCREA He checks his sides. His eyes go wide. AT THE SOUTH END OF THE LINE OF HOWITZERS: nanotechnology SPIDER WEBS over the big cannon. The men run. The graphit pours up the gun, disables the FIRING PIN and dismantles weapon with extreme precision. There’s an enormous CRACK as the nanotechnology CRUSHES t machinery of the heavy weapon. Broken, its pieces fall.
125) 2) dialog: Oh... At more SCREAMS, Max whips to see- THE NORTH END OF THE HOWITZERS: The furthest cannon meets similar fate. The graphite streams closer, falls on the n big gun, and leaves it a pile of inoperable parts. Desperate militants and soldiers lift rifles and FIRE int the mass of graphite... the bullets POP into it, ineffect They nanotechnology reaches them, WRAPS around them, It SOLIDIFIES, BINDING them in some kind of STRAIGHT JACKETS Stephens looks to the closest team, who have stopped firi to stare, agog, at the monstrous graphite.
126) 0) text: Max, seeing the blast, pales. 116. No. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn comes to, covered in bits of rubble. Battered and disoriented, her only thought is for-
126) 3) dialog: Here they come,
128) 0) text: Max watches the infantry being overrun. He focuses on Wil facility, where Will holds Evelyn. A SOLDIER races past h A MILITANT shoves by. Max realizes the ENTIRE ARMY is sprinting toward the town. He turns- A MASSIVE WAVE OF NANOTECHNOLOGY CRASHES into the remaini artillery. It CRUSHES the last cannons... PULLS men under current... and moves directly for... Joseph. Joseph starts to run, but the graphite REACHES OUT - GRAB Joseph ~ and TENTACLES of the graphite material pin him t the ground. Max moves to save Joseph, but Bree and Bob grab him. And EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Will focuses on Evelyn. He cradles her in his arms. Tende She touches his face. Will looks into his hand. Nanotechnology seeps out of his skin and pools in his palm. He pours it onto her wound. S Makes a weak, fearful MOAN.
129) 0) text: Max, Bree, Bob and Stephens take cover among the vehicles stationed on the outskirts of town. Max checks the state the facility. Craters, smoke, fires... But the structures still stand.
129) 1) dialog: The machine is uploading the virus. We have to blow those processing centers and slow it down.
129) 3) dialog: We drive explosives into the facility. Detonate everything. Bob and Bree nod. Stephens runs back along the line, bark orders. Troops climb into four old trucks. Max, Bob and Bree load themselves with gear. Max shoves C into a kit bag. Bree stuffs FMP grenades into a bandolier Bob arms himself with an RPG and spare rockets. They scra into an old Bronco, leading the small convoy. I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn’s eyes open. Will shines with radiant light. She f the liquid saturating her wound shines like Will.
130) 0) text: The convoy of four old vehicles moves out. 120. IN THE BRONCO: Bob leans out a window with his RPG. Max secures the bag of C4 and readies his harpoon gun. Bree readies an EMP grenade... SCREAMS from behind them, Max shoves his head out the win and looks back. AT THE END OF THE CONVOY: the flanking nanotechnology spr over the TRUCK at the end of the convoy. Soldiers escape the nanotechnology DISASSEMBLES the vehicle.
130) 1) dialog: Let’s go! Bree SLAMS the accelerator... Max looks into the side-mir and sees... Nanotechnology LIFT and CRUSH another vehicle Max looks in front of them... where the hybrids are charg Bob FIRES his RPG. The EMP grenade ROCKETS into the enemy charge. BOOM. Hybrids fly in all directions from the blas Still more come. Max leans out the window and FIRES a harpoon. Drops one. lobs an EMP grenade. BOOM. More hybrids fall.
131) 0) text: A DOZEN HYBRIDS see Max’s success. Sharing a wordless communication, they leap into activity and fill the stree with large debris —- old CRT monitors, TVs, computers, an old telephone booth. I/E. HUMVEE/MAIN STREET — DAY Max and Bree see the hybrids piling debris.
131) 1) dialog: They're making a roadblock. She accelerates, ROARING the humvee faster. Max gives a l
132) 0) text: Bree and Bob race toward the DESERT DREAM HOTEL. Max, loo back, sees the hybrids healing each other. He takes in his surroundings. Burning buildings. Cratered streets. A broken main spills water all over. Max realize the hybrids - DOZENS of them - stand in it. Max turns to Bob-
132) 1) dialog: 
132) 3) dialog: Not at them... There- Max, restrained, uses both his arms to point Bob to a new target. Bob gets a little grin, aims-— WHOOSH! The RPG rockets into a POWER LINE. The explosion SPLINTERS the wooden pole - which FALLS, SNAPPING power cables - which drop in the water - ELECTROCUTING the hybr Max, Bob and Bree hustle for Will’s facility. Behind them The live wires WHIP the water. Each time it does, the hyb CONTORT. And with each LASH of the power line- I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Will WINCES... and WINCES again. Evelyn watches.
133) 1) dialog: We gotta get to higher ground. fhey run for the hotel and race up its external stairs. T nanotechnology flows past them... 125. Positioning themselves on the second floor, they watch th graphite stream over the fallen hybrids. One by one, they stand up. They begin moving for the hotel. Max, gripping a stun gun between his restraints, looks be There are FIFTY hybrids. Nanotechnology swirls at their f Bree lobs a grenade. One of the hybrids BATS it away - BA the explosion turns a patch of nanotechnology to dust. It quickly replaced by more. Checking her bandolier, she finds no more grenades.
133) 11) dialog: The virus. It's working.
134) 5) dialog: e+. Will? 129. Bob presses the detonator. The building QUAKES with inter explosions. The ceiling collapses. The walls cave in. Wil facility turns into a mess of fire, smoke, and debris. I/E. WILL’S CONSCIOUSNESS/WILL'S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn, dying, watches as the last of Will‘s light is snu out by the virus. He looks at her. Gentle.
135) 0) text: We fly into the dark side of the planet. Below us, we see glimmering of artificial light over the major cities of t world. One by one, they all go black. The world is plunge into darkness. EXT. WILL’S FACILITY - DAY Evelyn's eyes open. She’s back in her body. Blood pours o of her wound. She’s holding Will’s hand. His body bleeds nanotechnology. His eyes open slightly. Hands GRABS her, Turn her. Check her vitals. It’s Max, tr to save her life. When he sees her wound, he slows.
138) 0) text: An endless row of computer servers stand lifeless and dar Illuminated only by a long row of skylights above. There no power. Two men walk through. Max, in dirty jeans and a stained coat. Joseph is ungroomed. They take in the dark building, still as a tomb.
138) 2) dialog: No. Nothing. I heard Tokyo has power. Berlin, too. But they're just rumors.
138) 4) dialog: No. No phone. No internet. No power. Nothing. They walk in silence, both lost in thought. Max takes in lifeless machines all around them.
139) 0) text: Max takes in the abandoned home. Water stains. Debris. Pi mattresses suggest squatters have come and gone. The floorboards were scavenged for firewood - the charred evidence is in the fireplace. In the center of the room is a pile of discarded cell pho laptops, and tablet machines. Max grabs one of the phones He leans against a wall. He slides into a crouch. He turn the phone over in his hand. It’s dead. His breathing quickens as he fights back emotion. Wrappin his arms around his knees, he waits for the sensation to pass. He sits there. Alone.
139) 1) dialog: I’m sorry. Outside, the rain has stopped. The day brightens. Max loo to the rear of the house. Something arrests his attention makes his way through the 19th century townhouse.
140) 0) text: Joseph, walking through the long row of machines, slows. Stops. Looks up at a lifeless server. EXT. GARDEN — DAY Max steps into the garden, which is lush and full of life Ivy covers the walls. Flowers of every shape and color. T garden contrasts everything we’ve seen of this world. In a corner rests a set of vintage garden furniture. A sm table, two chairs. Dark, lightly rusted metal. Max stares the empty seats. Water from the recent rains drips in a PERCUSSION. As it A calmness comes over Max. His attention settles on a lea ivy, where moisture collects into a bead of water. He studies the shimmering drop of liquid. As he stares, something new emerges in his eyes... Recognition. THE END.