0) 40) dialog: The decadents have ruined Paris, if you ask me. These French women couldn’t lift a hairbrush. No response from Amy.
0) 41) dialog: AMY! I said, “These French women couldn’t lift a hairbrush.”
0) 43) dialog: Don’t humor me, girl. What do they write, your troublemaking family?
0) 45) dialog: You can do nothing if you go back. The girl is sick, not lonely. Amy gives her a hard look.
0) 46) dialog: And you shouldn't go home until you and Fred Vaughn are properly engaged. Amy blushes and puts the letter away.
0) 62) dialog: 
0) 66) dialog: Aren’t we fine, /Ma’am. /GET HIM OFF OF ME! He kisses her again, grinning.
0) 67) dialog: Il faut GO! Allons-y! Aunt March attempts to get the carriage to leave, and Lau is thrown off while Amy is thrown in.
0) 71) dialog: I know. Amy turns around to get one last look at Laurie. She love him, as she’s always loved him. INT. TAILOR SHOP. AFTERNOON. 1868. MEG MARCH, beautiful but with the melancholy of yearning emanating from her, is browsing the silks with Sallie Mof a rich young woman who possesses an air of casual boredom that comes from never having to work for what you have.
1) 19) dialog: Is there a reason you stopped reading Belsham?
1) 21) dialog: (examining her) You mind yourself, dearie, one day you'll need me and you'll wish you had behaved better.
1) 23) dialog: No one makes their own way, not really, least of all a woman. You’1ll need to marry well.
1) 24) dialog: You are not married, Aunt /Because I was rich and made /March. sure to keep my money.
1) 26) dialog: Yes.
1) 28) dialog: That’s not true. You could run a cat house, or go on the stage. Practically the same thing.
1) 30) dialog: Other than that, you’re right, precious few ways for women. That’s why you should heed me.
1) 32) dialog: No, so you can live a better life than your poor mother has.
1) 33) dialog: Marmee loves her /life. /You don’t know what she loves. Your father cared more about educating freedmen’s children than taking care of his family.
1) 35) dialog: It is possible to be right and foolish.
1) 37) dialog: Well, you’re not paid to think.
1) 38) dialog: (softening slightly) I know you don’t care much about marriage now. I can’t say I blame you, but I intend to go to Europe one more time, and I need a companion. How would you like to be the person I take?
1) 40) dialog: Then read and don’t sneak around. I don’t like sneaks.
5) 231) dialog: Amy? Come here. 86.
5) 233) dialog: Come, sit! Amy sits down next to Aunt March.
5) 234) dialog: (pointing to her finger) If you are very good, one day this ring will belong to you.
5) 236) dialog: You just keep being a proper young lady and see if it doesn’t. You are your family’s hope now. Beth is sick, Jo is a lost cause, and I hear Meg has had her head turned by a penniless tutor. It’1ll be up to you to support them all, and your indigent parents in their old age. So you must marry well and save your family. Amy looks serious -- Aunt March releases her.
5) 237) dialog: (breezy) That’s all I wanted to say to you. You can go finish your...little painting. Amy stands up and walks out of the one room in the past, another room in the present... THE PRESENT. INT. FRANCE. RENTED APARTMENTS. DAY. 1869. ...Amy rushes in, excited, to Aunt March taking her tea:
5) 239) dialog: That Laurence boy was just here.
5) 241) dialog: What a disappointment he’s turned out to be. It must be the Italian in him. Amy sits down without intending to.
5) 243) dialog: He’s gone, to London. Why? What do you need to discuss with him? We briefly flash to... A country scene in the Paris exurbs. From a distance, we Fred and Amy walking. Suddenly, Fred drops to one knee, offers Amy his hand, and she drops it.... ...Back to Aunt March.
5) 295) text: - Meg dances with John, Marmee dances with Mr. Laurence, tries to play the fiddle - then Marmee dances with Father and Meg dance, John and Amy dance, Hannah dances with Fat The point is, everyone dances with everyone and... - Mr. Laurence offers to dance with Aunt March, but she t him down. Then Laurie also approaches her. Aunt March fei even MORE hatred, to cover her epic delight. - There is more eating and dancing until the sun starts t set. As Aunt March moves to make her departure, she speak Meg, who stands with John, Marmee and Father March.
5) 296) dialog: Well, I hope you’re happy. Now that you've ruined your life, just like your Mother did by marrying your father. Despite her meanness, the March family is so happy, that burst out laughing at Aunt March’s rudeness.
5) 298) dialog: You are most welcome.
5) 300) dialog: Oh, oh, I don’t like to be...
5) 303) dialog: (back at Meg) You'll be sorry when you've tried love in a cottage and found it a failure!
5) 305) dialog: I understood your meaning, my dear. 95. Meg and John retreat and laugh and kiss. Nothing can pier their happiness.
5) 306) dialog: (to Marmee) I don’t miss a THING.
5) 308) dialog: I may not always be right, but I am NEVER wrong. Amy takes over from Marmee, Aunt March gratefully accepti her hand.
5) 309) dialog: Thank goodness, here’s the only sane member of the family. I really can’t take any more of this. Amy leads her away, and Marmee lets them go. Amy gets Aun March into a carriage and then lets out a cry of joy. She runs to Marmee, who is now standing with Jo: