0) 27) dialog: Good afternoon, Miss March. Jo looks up from her notebook to see FRIEDRICH BHAER look down at her. He speaks with a French accent, and, like al Europeans, seems to know something that we Americans don’
0) 29) dialog: You're on fire.
0) 31) dialog: (suddenly animated) You're on fire! Jo suddenly notices that the back of her dress has caught fire. In a panic, another woman of the group helps her an the dress is put out. Disaster is avoided, although not humiliation.
0) 32) dialog: (laughing) I have the same habit, you see? 5. He shows her scorch marks on his jacket. Jo is about to l when, MRS. KIRKE, the landlady, bustles into the room:
0) 35) dialog: Always working.
0) 37) dialog: No one gets ink stains like yours just out of a desire for money. Jo feels the intense pleasure and pain of being seen by someone, of knowing that they know you.
0) 39) dialog: (staring up after her) Goodbye. EXT. FRANCE. PARIS. DAY. 1868. AMY MARCH, an angelic 20-year-old with golden curls, is painting a staged scene, along with a few other young artists. It is a classic scene of two young men and a you woman at a picnic, and Amy is rendering it realistically, imitating the 18th & 19th century painters she loved. She looks at the painting of the young man next to her. H doing something radically different - the paint is obviou the colors are bright and un-life-like, space is flattene It is not meant to be realistic: it is the beginning of modernism. She looks back at her own piece and realizes that she mig have missed the moment that she came here to master. 6. Perhaps she’s already passed before her time. She continu working, troubled. EXT. PARIS PROMENADE. DAY. 1868. Amy rides in an open air carriage with AUNT MARCH, readin letter from home. Everyone in Paris is out. Aunt March is only happy when she’s complaining, and she’s in excellent form this morning. It is the place to see and be seen and March is doing both excellently.
0) 163) dialog: (read to camera) For the writer in the attic: Because you enjoyed the play so much tonight, I wanted you to have this. It will help you study character and paint it with your pen. I would love to read what you're writing, if you’ll trust me. I promise honesty and whatever intelligence I can muster. Yours, Friedrich Jo opens the book and almost greedily she begins to read, reciting the words to herself. INT. PARIS. BALLROOM. 1868. A gorgeous Paris ball, and Amy is lively and everyone's favorite at the party. She dances with Fred Vaughn most often, gossips with his sister and her friends, and is charming to everyone. Suddenly, Amy sees something that makes her look sour, an follow her gaze to see Laurie entering: He is loud, drunk has two girls with him. They all fall into a sofa, laughi and loud. Amy frowns and approaches. She stands before him, annoyed
0) 189) dialog: And your novel, it will be like this? 22.
0) 190) dialog: Yes... so far /anyway. /With plots like this, duels and killing?
0) 192) dialog: Why don’t you sign your real name?
0) 194) dialog: Yes?
0) 196) dialog: I don’t like them.
0) 198) dialog: Honestly, I think that they’re not good.
0) 200) dialog: Oh I think you’re talented, which is why I’m being so blunt. Jo, deeply offended, starts to gather up her work.
0) 202) dialog: Are you upset? 23.
0) 204) dialog: I thought you wanted honesty.
0) 206) dialog: Has no one ever talked to you like this before?
0) 208) dialog: But do you have anyone to /And who made you High Priest take you seriously, to talk of what’s good and what’s about your/work? bad?
0) 209) dialog: No one, and I’m not.
0) 211) dialog: Your reaction indicates that /My reaction indicates that you must think there is some you are a pompous blowhard. truth /in it. Shakespeare wrote for the masses.
0) 212) dialog: He was the greatest poet who ever lived. He smuggled his poetry in popular works.
0) 214) dialog: Thank goodness, we already have him.
0) 216) dialog: I’m not a writer. I don’t have the gifts you have. She does what she does when she’s hurt, which is that she gets incredibly mean instantaneously, without meaning to, without being able to take it back.
0) 217) dialog: No, you don’t, and you’1l (amused) always be a critic, never an /I'm sure they will. author, and the world will forget that you ever even lived /but no one..
0) 219) dialog: Yes?
0) 221) dialog: I can believe it. An energy between them and then she kills it definitively
1) 0) text: Mrs. Kirke hangs laundry as Friedrich questions her:
1) 1) dialog: She’s gone? Why? 36.
1) 3) dialog: But she didn’t say if she was coming back?
1) 5) dialog: I know... Friedrich looks troubled and serious. EXT. CONCORD TOWN ROAD. DAY. 1869. Jo, with her luggage, walks home on the familiar roads sh knows so well. She breathes in the air and trudges onward THE PAST. EXT. CONCORD TOWN ROAD. MORNING. JANUARY, 1862. The four girls are walking, bundled against the cold. The streets are more bustling, the atmosphere cozier. It is h childhood always is in memory -- brighter and better. The are back to the daily task of making a living.
6) 8) dialog: I am so sorry to intrude. Jo hears his voice and bolts up.
6) 10) dialog: Hello.
6) 14) dialog: Jo, I hope it is all right, I got your address from Mrs. Kirke -
6) 16) dialog: (backing away) I’m so sorry to intrude, I was close by and thought I’d, but I’1l be going...
6) 19) dialog: I don’t want to be a burden.
6) 23) dialog: I am Friedrich Bhaer.
6) 27) dialog: No, I’ve been offered a professorship in California - and as I have nothing keeping me here, I thought I might go West. It is new there, and they are less particular about immigrants. Jo has an unconscious sharp intake of breath. No one noti but Amy. Father continues oblivious:
6) 31) dialog: This is a beautiful instrument. Which one of you plays? They all fall quiet.
6) 35) dialog: It is very hard to lose a sister. I’m sorry.
6) 37) dialog: I do, yes.
6) 39) dialog: I don’t wish to offend.
6) 41) dialog: Jo, if you ever come to California, I would love to see you.
6) 43) dialog: (hurting, but accepting) Well, yes... goodbye.
6) 94) dialog: Jo! Jo sees Friedrich, also standing under an umbrella, but alone. She runs towards him. She feels her emotions risin she starts to cry, despite herself.
6) 95) dialog: Jo, why are you crying?
6) 97) dialog: I would never leave if you wished me to stay.
6) 99) dialog: But, but I have nothing to give you but my full heart and these empty hands.