0) 260) dialog: (entering) I know you don’t care what I think, but you don’t want your mother to find you like this, do you? The girls untangle and run to Hannah. She’s a good-nature woman old enough to be their grandmother.
0) 263) dialog: Goodness only knows. Some poor creature came a-beggin', and your ma went straight off to see what was needed.
0) 273) dialog: I’m not acting.
0) 275) dialog: I knew what you were going to say and I’m not acting. CONCORD. MARCH HOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 1861. Marmee approaches her modest home, and sees her girls laughing and rehearsing, joyfully playing make-believe. S fights tears and sadness, about what, we don’t entirely k We just know that what she does as a mother isn’t free. O course it’s not, nothing is ever free, even a joy a mothe can make. 30. Just before she flings open the door, she puts a smile on face. Like so many mothers, she creates magic where there none, and enables her girls to be brave.
0) 295) dialog: Mr. Laurence sent it.
0) 297) dialog: He saw you giving your Christmas breakfast away and wanted you to enjoy the day. They all run to the window to look.
2) 76) dialog: Hello! Thank God you’re home!
2) 81) dialog: It’s so good to have you home! I think the loneliness got to Beth, though she ain’t said anything.
4) 82) dialog: (handing a pair of shoes to Marmee) She needs to have some decent shoes.
5) 123) dialog: Now your hair is /off. /You look like a boy.
5) 195) dialog: What is it?
5) 204) dialog: It’s for your own good, child.
5) 258) dialog: We should send for your mother. THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. EVENING. 1869. Jo lays in bed with Beth. THE PAST. INT. BETH’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862. Marmee enters with Laurie and goes straight to Beth. She’ gone from a sick husband to a sick daughter, but she brin cheerful efficiency to a terrifying situation.
5) 295) text: - Meg dances with John, Marmee dances with Mr. Laurence, tries to play the fiddle - then Marmee dances with Father and Meg dance, John and Amy dance, Hannah dances with Fat The point is, everyone dances with everyone and... - Mr. Laurence offers to dance with Aunt March, but she t him down. Then Laurie also approaches her. Aunt March fei even MORE hatred, to cover her epic delight. - There is more eating and dancing until the sun starts t set. As Aunt March moves to make her departure, she speak Meg, who stands with John, Marmee and Father March.
6) 25) dialog: Oh JO, he’s VERY handsome. Later: Everyone is talking. Father and Friedrich especially talk philosophy and religion and politics. Father obviously ve much likes him. Jo is glowing with happiness. Amy looks from Friedrich to Jo and from Jo to Friedrich. can see that there is love between them.