5) 0) text: The two of them are now dancing, looking young and sincer and terrific. They whirl and spin and laugh and the music plays on as the picture changes to... THE PRESENT. INT. MEG’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 1869. Meg sits scared and ashamed, and John - Mr. Brooke, intelligent and kind and handsome - examines the two ledg books. He struggles to understand.
5) 2) dialog: (making the best of it) Fifty dollars, while a lot, is not, I suppose, too much for a dress, with all the notions that are needed to finish it these days.
5) 4) dialog: Oh, I see.
5) 6) dialog: I was afraid of this. I do my best, Meg. Instantly regretful, Meg begs forgiveness: 65.
5) 8) dialog: (sadly) Perhaps you meant it.
5) 10) dialog: (pats her hand, rises) I can’t afford it, my dear.
5) 12) dialog: I need to go to bed. John gets up from the table.
5) 13) dialog: (pausing, but not turning around) And I really am very sorry that you have had to do without so many beautiful things. And that you're married to someone who can’t give them to you. He leaves, and she is terrified that she’s broken the man loves so much. INT. PARIS. ARTIST’S STUDIO. DAY. 1869. Amy is looking through her own paintings and sketches and a disturbed expression on her face. Laurie enters. His lo life is always to be apologizing to one March sister or another, and he looks truly contrite.
5) 246) dialog: I’1l come home to help with /Stay. I asked for leave. the children, I’m sorry, I’m I’1l take care of the just so worried /for Beth. children.
5) 248) dialog: And there’s another thing - you should send your fabric to the dressmaker as soon as possible.
5) 249) dialog: But I /can’t -- /No, don't say another word, I won’t hear it. I want you to have that dress. My old coat will be fine for the winter.
5) 250) dialog: But /John, it’s -- It’s all settled.
5) 252) dialog: You did?
5) 254) dialog: I don’t want you to be unhappy.
5) 295) text: - Meg dances with John, Marmee dances with Mr. Laurence, tries to play the fiddle - then Marmee dances with Father and Meg dance, John and Amy dance, Hannah dances with Fat The point is, everyone dances with everyone and... - Mr. Laurence offers to dance with Aunt March, but she t him down. Then Laurie also approaches her. Aunt March fei even MORE hatred, to cover her epic delight. - There is more eating and dancing until the sun starts t set. As Aunt March moves to make her departure, she speak Meg, who stands with John, Marmee and Father March.