0) 83) dialog: Beth! Beth? She doesn’t respond. INT. NEW YORK THEATRE. EVENING. 1868. Shakespeare’s Twelfth Night unfolds on stage. Jo is in th back, the cheap standing-room. She’s so wrapped up that s moves in until she’s practically leaning over the railing It’s the scene where Viola (dressed as a man) seduces Oli
0) 145) dialog: (laughing) Goodness gracious, what have you done! 17. Marmee has none of the pretensions of the other mothers, artifice. She’s a hippie before they existed. The little girls, Amy and Beth come rushing down the stai and attack the older girls.
0) 147) dialog: Oh Meg - You’1l kill yourself for fashion one of these days. Hannah! We need ice!
0) 149) dialog: Come in come in! Apologies for the chaos: I enjoy baking in the middle of the night! Don’t mind the clutter, Mr. Laurence, we don’t.
0) 154) dialog: You must be part of the girls’ theatricals!
0) 157) dialog: They could use an extra player, although you’ll have to fight Jo for the male roles or play a girl. Here, have a scone. Marmee hands him the scone, as Hannah enters with ice for Meg's ankle. Amy keeps sneaking looks at Laurie.
0) 158) dialog: (cracking herself up) Laurie, how are your ankles? Do you need ice?
0) 160) dialog: Oh, just call me Mother, or Marmee. Everyone does. He doesn’t say anything, but looks as if he’s about to cr He doesn’t have a mother, and hasn’t had one for a long t
0) 224) dialog: Dear Jo, Our Beth has taken a turn for the worse. Please, come home as soon as you can.
0) 276) dialog: Merry Christmas, girls! All the girls shriek and crowd around her.
0) 277) dialog: I’m so glad to see you so happy.
0) 280) dialog: Jo, you look tired - were you up again all night writing? Amy, come kiss me! How are my girls?
0) 285) dialog: Not far from here lives a poor young woman, Mrs. Hummel. Her five children are in one bed to keep from freezing, and there is nothing to eat. My girls, will you give them your breakfast as a Christmas present? They are very quiet, because they really don’t want to do 31.
0) 287) dialog: Yes. INT. LAURENCE HOUSE. FORMAL DINING ROOM. DAY. 1861. Mr. Laurence sits with his grandson, Laurie, his grandson tutor, Mr. Brooke. It is quiet and proper, the opposite o the merry mayhem of the March household.
0) 292) dialog: I’m back! We brought food and blankets and sweaters. And we brought some medicine. These are my girls! They all set about making the room less wretched, more ho like. Marmee comforts the baby, Meg takes two children in her lap, Amy cleans and straightens, Beth covers the othe children with blankets, Jo sets up the food. INT. MARCH DINING ROOM. LATE AFTERNOON. 1861. Freezing but happy, the women return, and immediately see Hannah has arranged an unimaginable feast, with candy and cream and cakes. Hannah pulls Mrs. March aside while the girls marvel:
0) 299) dialog: That’s so generous of him. 33.
0) 303) dialog: (sharply) He is a very kind man who lost his little girl when she was only a child, and now his son as well.
0) 308) dialog: I am not responsible for this feast, but I have got a surprise.
0) 314) dialog: He will stay and do his work faithfully as long as he can, and we won’t ask for him back a minute sooner than he can be spared. (reading) “Give them all my dear love and a kiss. Tell them I think of them by day, pray for them by night and find my best comfort in their affection at all times. As the letter is being read, we see the sisters put on th play they had been rehearsing. With Marmee and Hannah cheering them on, they perform for the neighborhood child The children are entranced as Jo, dressed as Hugo, with a black beard, a mysterious cloak, boots and a sword, calls out:
0) 316) dialog: ...A year seems a very long time to wait before I see them but remind them that while we wait we may all work, so that these hard days need not be wasted.... Meg enters as Hagar, the horrible old witch. A smoke effe and a well done homemade costume make the audience gasp:
0) 318) dialog: .-.I know they will be loving children to you, do their duty faithfully, fight their enemies bravely... 35. Amy, as the Sprite, appears on top of a poorly constructe “tree,” to give the illusion of “flying”:
0) 321) dialog: ...and conquer themselves so beautifully... Princess Zara (Amy) and Roderigo (Meg) kneel before Don P (Jo), as he pronounces them man and wife. Beth plays the final triumphant chords.
0) 322) dialog: Brava! Brava! The audience claps as the sisters bow - Jo gentlemanly, M demurely, Amy the diva, and Beth’s small quiet curtsy. On woman rises to her feet with her applause and shouts:
0) 323) dialog: ....that when I come back to them I may be fonder and prouder than ever of my little women.” THE PRESENT. INT. TRAIN. DAY. 1869. The whistle blows, Jo is being gently shaken awake.
2) 30) dialog: Jo! We do not compare grandfathers! 43. Jo spins around and sees Mr. Laurence and her mother.
2) 35) dialog: You are not to attend that school any more.
2) 37) dialog: Jo will teach you.
2) 45) dialog: You did wrong, Amy, and there will be consequences. (to Laurie) Thank you so much for taking care of Amy. My girls do have a way of getting into mischief.
2) 47) dialog: (smiling) Then you should run over and we'll take care of you.
2) 54) dialog: We must be going. Girls?
2) 77) dialog: Oh Jo I’ve missed you! We could have come to get you!
2) 83) dialog: She's upstairs. Oh, my Jo. We all thought she was better but the fever had weakened her heart. Jo produces an envelope full of money.
2) 85) dialog: No, you need this money to live in New York.
2) 88) dialog: We didn’t want to worry her.
2) 92) dialog: Jo, don’t be angry with your sister... 49. THE PAST. INT. MARCH HOUSE. EVENING. 1862. Jo, in her and Meg's room, places a pretty cover page on of the novel she has written. She lovingly writes “For Father,” and hears:
4) 15) dialog: 
4) 20) text: They are fighting, full-out fighting, during these last lines, as their sisters and Marmee attempt to stop it. INT. JO’S ROOM. EVENING. 1862. Jo is weeping, Beth cradling her head, Meg holds her hand Marmee enters with Amy, who looks penitent. Marmee nods a her, as if to say “go ahead”:
4) 22) dialog: Amy...
4) 25) dialog: Don’t let the sun go down on your anger. Forgive her. Help each other, and you begin again tomorrow.
4) 44) dialog: She’s asleep.
4) 46) dialog: (cheerfully) She will be fine, the doctor said he didn’t even think she’d catch cold.
4) 48) dialog: You remind me of myself.
4) 50) dialog: (honestly) I’m angry nearly every day of my life.
4) 52) dialog: I’m not patient by nature, but with nearly forty years of effort I have learned to not let it get the better of me.
4) 54) dialog: I hope you'll do a great deal better than me. There are some natures too noble to curb, too lofty to bend. The two women sit beside each other as Amy sleeps. Jo put her head on Marmee’s shoulder. THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. DAY. 1869. Jo, sitting by the bed, watches over Beth as she did for She attempts to write while Beth sleeps. She keeps starti crossing things out. She is divinely dissatisfied. She gives up and picks up one of Amy’s letters. As she’s reading, Beth opens her eyes and sees Jo sitting there.
4) 73) dialog: Just be who you are, my sweet Meg. (handing her a necklace) It was mine when I was your age.
4) 75) dialog: I’ve never understood saving jewelry until marriage - pretty things should be enjoyed. 59.
4) 79) dialog: Girls have to go into the world and make up their own minds about things.
5) 91) dialog: If you’re walking to Vermont, there is Mrs. Sewell in Keene New Hampshire who will give you room and board.
5) 93) dialog: I need to be here. I've spent my whole life ashamed of my country.
5) 95) dialog: I know, I am. And older man, worn with age and grief, approaches her ta He is almost too shy to talk to her. She sees him, and pu him at ease.
5) 96) dialog: Can I help you sir?
5) 98) dialog: Have you sons in the Army?
5) 100) dialog: You have done a great deal for your country sir.
5) 103) dialog: Yes?
5) 105) dialog: Is Jo back yet from Aunt March?
5) 107) dialog: (worried) I can’t miss the last train... Mr. Laurence and Laurie enter.
5) 110) dialog: Thank you, for everything.
5) 115) dialog: While I’m gone, Hannah is in charge - and please remember to check on the Hummel’s, it will be a difficult winter for everyone... At just that moment, the door swings open, and Jo rushes and places money in her mother’s hand.
5) 117) dialog: Twenty five dollars! That isn’t like Aunt March to be so generous.
5) 119) dialog: Where did you get the money?
5) 125) dialog: (leaning close to Jo) I am so proud that you are my daughter.
5) 127) dialog: girls: I love you more than words can say. Be good to each other. Pray for Father’s recovery. I will come back as soon as I can. The men watch solemnly, more determined than ever to help these women that they care for so deeply. INT. MARCH HOUSE. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY. NIGHT. 1862. Jo sits alone tries to make and Amy walks oh, No. in the hallway, quietly weeping to herself. She as little noise as possible, but a door opens out - she stoops down to comfort her sister.
5) 259) dialog: You were right to send for me, my girls - but you’ve been very good nurses indeed.
5) 262) dialog: Hannah, go make a clear broth and Jo get ice - we need to cool her.
5) 264) dialog: John is staying with him. Meg smiles to herself, which her Mother notices.
5) 265) dialog: (looking at the bed) We need to change the linens. Marmee attends to Beth while the girls help her. THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. NIGHT. 1869. Meg and Jo and Marmee take turns in shifts, making sure t Beth is as comfortable as she can be. When it is Jo’s tur Beth is very weak, barely able to hold her head up.
5) 272) dialog: (crying out of happiness) Thank god, thank god you’re home. Now I can be angry with you in person. He laughs, and brushes her tears away. It is romance, but real kind. LATER: It is Christmas dinner, with everyone, including t Laurences and Mr. Brooke, gathered around the table - it the finest day any one of them has ever had, and the joy radiates across the chilly Christmas night. THE PRESENT. INT. BETH’S ROOM. MORNING. 1869. Jo jerks awake to find Beth gone - she goes downstairs an sees Marmee there. Jo looks at Marmee, and her mother, fo the first time in Jo's life, breaks. Jo becomes the paren that moment, comforting her mother, who is trapped in the unimaginable pain of losing a child. EXT. GRAVEYARD. DAY. 1869. The March family: Mother and Father and Jo, Meg and John their arms around each other, and Hannah. They have all gathered to lay their Beth to rest on an impossibly beaut day. The party walks away, each with their own pain. Jo stays, unable to leave Beth’s side, even in death. Meg makes to go approach her - but John pulls Meg closer. Meg nods - and she is grateful to him, grateful that she married this man who can be there for her. Jo cries, alone. She cannot comprehend how the world keep spinning when her Beth is gone. We go from the emptiness the grief to... THE PAST. EXT./INT. MARCH HOUSE. MEG & JO’S ROOM. SPRING. DAY. 1865. .+-a beautiful day, full of flowers and sunlight. Outside Beth and Amy are arranging decorations and laughing. Inside, Meg prepares for her wedding with Jo helping her, placing flowers in her sister’s hair.
5) 295) text: - Meg dances with John, Marmee dances with Mr. Laurence, tries to play the fiddle - then Marmee dances with Father and Meg dance, John and Amy dance, Hannah dances with Fat The point is, everyone dances with everyone and... - Mr. Laurence offers to dance with Aunt March, but she t him down. Then Laurie also approaches her. Aunt March fei even MORE hatred, to cover her epic delight. - There is more eating and dancing until the sun starts t set. As Aunt March moves to make her departure, she speak Meg, who stands with John, Marmee and Father March.
5) 307) dialog: (taking Aunt March’s arm and leading her away) You are not entirely wrong.
5) 338) dialog: I hope I’m not disturbing your writing...
5) 340) dialog: You are much too lonely here, Jo. Wouldn't you like to go back to New York? What about your friend - Friedrich, was that his name?
5) 342) dialog: I doubt a sincere friend would be deterred.
5) 344) dialog: Laurie is returning, you know.
5) 346) dialog: There was a letter from Amy, she’s coming home: She was devastated about Beth and Aunt March is very ill - but Laurie will be accompanying them on the journey home.
5) 348) dialog: What is it?
5) 350) dialog: Do you love him?
5) 352) dialog: But do you love him?
5) 354) dialog: That is not the same as loving.
6) 2) dialog: Jo! Come down!
6) 4) dialog: Jo, you might want to wait..
6) 6) dialog: Jo, dear, you have a guest.
6) 29) dialog: You aren’t an immigrant, so perhaps you should stay home. Everyone bursts out laughing. Father laughs at himself go naturedly.
6) 38) dialog: It would make us so happy if you played now, she wouldn’t want the piano to sit silent.