0) 4) dialog: (turning the pages over) Not a first attempt, I take it?
0) 6) dialog: A prize?
0) 8) dialog: Sit. Jo sits, hands folded, trying to cover the ink stains. Mr Dashwood reads her story with a pen in hand, gleefully crossing out and making notes, changes. Every time his pe scratches, Jo feels her heart breaking. She’s on the verg tears when:
0) 9) dialog: We'll take this.
0) 11) dialog: With alterations. It’s too long. She nods and he hands it back to her, page after page wit her work crossed out. She examines it.
0) 13) dialog: The country just went through a war. People want to be amused, not preached at. Morals don’t sell nowadays. (pointedly) Perhaps mention that to your “friend.” Jo looks again at her completely altered story.
0) 15) dialog: We pay twenty-five to thirty for things of this sort. We’ll pay twenty for that.
0) 18) dialog: We'll look at it. Tell her to make it short and spicy. And if the main character’s a girl make sure she’s married by the end. (casually) Or dead, either way.
0) 20) dialog: What name would she like put to the story?
0) 22) dialog: Just as she likes, of course.
0) 288) dialog: (while being served) Thank you. (then to his host) And thank you, Mr. Laurence, for including me.
2) 10) dialog: Sit down. Sit down, Laurie. Latin is a privilege. Please, you have to learn this. I can’t afford to lose this position. Just return to Cicero. But Laurie is staring out the window. 41.
2) 12) dialog: No, there is not.
2) 40) dialog: (trying with Meg) Yes, women being taught at home is much more proper, I believe.
2) 42) dialog: Indeed, quite right.
2) 53) dialog: And may I come look /at the (to Meg) paintings? /There is also a lovely greenhouse..
2) 56) dialog: Oh, Miss Meg! You forgot your glove! 45. The men are left standing in the silence of their absence Mr. Laurence breaks the spell:
3) 0) text: As they leave the theatre, Mr. Brooke offers Meg his arm, she takes it. Jo notices and doesn’t like it at all. 51. Laurie sees Jo’s expression and offers his own arm in moc chivalry. She punches him in the shoulder, and then races taking her sister’s other arm, pulling her away from Mr. Brooke. INT. KITCHEN. EVENING. 1862. Amy places page after page into the fire, watching it bur and feeling nothing but terrific about it.
4) 78) dialog: (aside to Marmee) Do you think this is a good idea, her going away like this?
5) 0) text: The two of them are now dancing, looking young and sincer and terrific. They whirl and spin and laugh and the music plays on as the picture changes to... THE PRESENT. INT. MEG’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 1869. Meg sits scared and ashamed, and John - Mr. Brooke, intelligent and kind and handsome - examines the two ledg books. He struggles to understand.
5) 63) text: - Mr. Brooke and Meg are talking and flirting and skippin stones and generally being adorable and have that look of intimacy. - Jo, trying to practice her badminton skills, keeps look over at Meg, who gazes at Mr. Brooke adoringly. This anno Jo. Laurie sees her and comes and whispers in her ear.
5) 113) dialog: I came to offer myself as escort to your mother. Mr. Laurence has commissions for me in Washington, and it will give me real satisfaction to be of service to her there. Meg spontaneously kisses him on the cheek. Instead of bei embarrassed, Meg looks at him with pure gratitude and say
5) 436) dialog: (read to camera) Dear Miss March: I have read the chapters you sent, and I have to agree that they aren’t very promising. But, please send us more stories of the scandalous variety, if you have any.
6) 0) text: Jo reads the note Mr. Dashwood sent:
6) 1) dialog: Or, shall I say, your friend can. My apologies for the joke, I couldn't help it. 110. And she crumples it up. Just then, Marmee breaks her reve
6) 52) dialog: That’s a good instinct, you love him.
6) 67) dialog: I assume she’s still alive. 116.
6) 69) dialog: And I have no idea why.
6) 71) dialog: That’s true. He hears his daughter’s laughter and talking in the next room.
6) 72) dialog: What have they gotten into now?