0) 288) dialog: (while being served) Thank you. (then to his host) And thank you, Mr. Laurence, for including me.
2) 10) dialog: Sit down. Sit down, Laurie. Latin is a privilege. Please, you have to learn this. I can’t afford to lose this position. Just return to Cicero. But Laurie is staring out the window. 41.
2) 12) dialog: No, there is not.
2) 40) dialog: (trying with Meg) Yes, women being taught at home is much more proper, I believe.
2) 42) dialog: Indeed, quite right.
2) 53) dialog: And may I come look /at the (to Meg) paintings? /There is also a lovely greenhouse..
2) 56) dialog: Oh, Miss Meg! You forgot your glove! 45. The men are left standing in the silence of their absence Mr. Laurence breaks the spell:
3) 0) text: As they leave the theatre, Mr. Brooke offers Meg his arm, she takes it. Jo notices and doesn’t like it at all. 51. Laurie sees Jo’s expression and offers his own arm in moc chivalry. She punches him in the shoulder, and then races taking her sister’s other arm, pulling her away from Mr. Brooke. INT. KITCHEN. EVENING. 1862. Amy places page after page into the fire, watching it bur and feeling nothing but terrific about it.
4) 78) dialog: (aside to Marmee) Do you think this is a good idea, her going away like this?
5) 0) text: The two of them are now dancing, looking young and sincer and terrific. They whirl and spin and laugh and the music plays on as the picture changes to... THE PRESENT. INT. MEG’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 1869. Meg sits scared and ashamed, and John - Mr. Brooke, intelligent and kind and handsome - examines the two ledg books. He struggles to understand.
5) 63) text: - Mr. Brooke and Meg are talking and flirting and skippin stones and generally being adorable and have that look of intimacy. - Jo, trying to practice her badminton skills, keeps look over at Meg, who gazes at Mr. Brooke adoringly. This anno Jo. Laurie sees her and comes and whispers in her ear.
5) 113) dialog: I came to offer myself as escort to your mother. Mr. Laurence has commissions for me in Washington, and it will give me real satisfaction to be of service to her there. Meg spontaneously kisses him on the cheek. Instead of bei embarrassed, Meg looks at him with pure gratitude and say