0) 288) dialog: (while being served) Thank you. (then to his host) And thank you, Mr. Laurence, for including me.
0) 289) dialog: You're welcome. Perhaps you could tutor my grandson in manners as well as mathematics. They both look at Laurie, who watches the March women wal across the snow-covered field with their breakfast. Jo hi Amy with a snowball, and there is a general tussle.
2) 10) dialog: Sit down. Sit down, Laurie. Latin is a privilege. Please, you have to learn this. I can’t afford to lose this position. Just return to Cicero. But Laurie is staring out the window. 41.
2) 12) dialog: No, there is not.
2) 31) dialog: You think he’s more handsome, hey?
2) 33) dialog: (cracking half a smile) I knew your mother’s father. You’ve got his spirit.
2) 40) dialog: (trying with Meg) Yes, women being taught at home is much more proper, I believe.
2) 42) dialog: Indeed, quite right.
2) 49) dialog: Is she the quiet one?
2) 51) dialog: (pretend business-like) Tell the little girl to use our piano.
2) 53) dialog: And may I come look /at the (to Meg) paintings? /There is also a lovely greenhouse..
2) 56) dialog: Oh, Miss Meg! You forgot your glove! 45. The men are left standing in the silence of their absence Mr. Laurence breaks the spell:
2) 57) dialog: Well, back to work, back to work. THE PRESENT. EXT. MARCH HOUSE. DAY. 1869. Jo looks towards the Laurence’s house, which is dark, shutters closed. It doesn’t seem right without Laurie in She looks in the forest by the pond to find an old mailbo She produces a key with a red ribbon and holds it in her hand, and we and she are transported back to.... THE PAST. INT. MARCH ATTIC. DAY. 1862. Meg, Beth, Jo and Amy are all dressed as men, with hats a spectacles and pipes - Meg reading from the homemade newspaper in her lovely sonorous voice.
3) 0) text: As they leave the theatre, Mr. Brooke offers Meg his arm, she takes it. Jo notices and doesn’t like it at all. 51. Laurie sees Jo’s expression and offers his own arm in moc chivalry. She punches him in the shoulder, and then races taking her sister’s other arm, pulling her away from Mr. Brooke. INT. KITCHEN. EVENING. 1862. Amy places page after page into the fire, watching it bur and feeling nothing but terrific about it.
4) 78) dialog: (aside to Marmee) Do you think this is a good idea, her going away like this?
4) 84) dialog: Nonsense! Although, there is one thing -
4) 86) dialog: It occurred to me today that my daughter’s piano suffers from want of use.
4) 88) dialog: Wouldn't one of your girls like to run over, and practice on it now and then, just to keep it in tune? If they don't care to come, why, never mind.
4) 90) dialog: (gently) Are you the musical girl?
4) 92) dialog: Not a soul, my dear. (to the driver) Drive on, and keep her safe! Meg is pulled away by a carriage, and waves goodbye to everyone, they run down the road after her. EXT. ANNIE MOFFAT’S HOUSE. BOSTON. DAY. 1862. Meg arrives at a very grand, beautiful house, and suddenl feels quite self-conscious in her clothes. INT/EXT. LAURENCE HOUSE. DAY. 1862. Mr. Laurence watches from an upper window as a very timid Beth tries to walk bravely across the lawn. She stops, an turns back and walks towards her house, and then turns ar again, finally making it all the way into the Laurence ho INT. ANNIE MOFFAT’S HOUSE. DAY. 1862. All the other girls are in their fabulous dresses, paradi up the grand staircase. Meg trails in her plain dress. 61.
5) 0) text: The two of them are now dancing, looking young and sincer and terrific. They whirl and spin and laugh and the music plays on as the picture changes to... THE PRESENT. INT. MEG’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. NIGHT. 1869. Meg sits scared and ashamed, and John - Mr. Brooke, intelligent and kind and handsome - examines the two ledg books. He struggles to understand.
5) 63) text: - Mr. Brooke and Meg are talking and flirting and skippin stones and generally being adorable and have that look of intimacy. - Jo, trying to practice her badminton skills, keeps look over at Meg, who gazes at Mr. Brooke adoringly. This anno Jo. Laurie sees her and comes and whispers in her ear.
5) 109) dialog: (to Marmee) If I may be of any more assistance, please tell me. I will look in on the girls every day, without fail.
5) 111) dialog: I have always admired your husband, and I pray for a quick recovery. Meg is nearly running in the hallway when she bumps strai into Mr. Brooke. 75.
5) 113) dialog: I came to offer myself as escort to your mother. Mr. Laurence has commissions for me in Washington, and it will give me real satisfaction to be of service to her there. Meg spontaneously kisses him on the cheek. Instead of bei embarrassed, Meg looks at him with pure gratitude and say
5) 190) dialog: You remind me so much of my little girl. The piano is yours, I should have given it to you long ago. While he’s hugging her, he notices that she’s hot and flushed.
5) 191) dialog: My child, you're burning.
5) 194) dialog: How is she? Is there anything I can do?
5) 295) text: - Meg dances with John, Marmee dances with Mr. Laurence, tries to play the fiddle - then Marmee dances with Father and Meg dance, John and Amy dance, Hannah dances with Fat The point is, everyone dances with everyone and... - Mr. Laurence offers to dance with Aunt March, but she t him down. Then Laurie also approaches her. Aunt March fei even MORE hatred, to cover her epic delight. - There is more eating and dancing until the sun starts t set. As Aunt March moves to make her departure, she speak Meg, who stands with John, Marmee and Father March.
5) 406) dialog: Jo! They embrace - and then Mr. Laurence tries to explain:
5) 407) dialog: I couldn't bring myself to... The house doesn’t seem right without her and I couldn’t go in knowing she wouldn’t be there. He begins crying. Jo takes his arm tenderly.