1) 10) text: Mr. Prescott swerves OVER the DOUBLE SOLID WHITE LINE and clears the truck as -- Another pair of HEADLIGHTS from an oncoming truck RISES U over the HILL directly in FRONT of them --
12) 0) text: Loud country-western music is blaring as Sammy, wearing a apron, sets a big vase of flowers on the kitchen table an hurries to the oven. There are also cookies, a pie, evide of massive fancy cooking. She puts on her oven mitts and  takes a lasagna out of the oven, as the phone rings. She  picks up.
13) 66) text: The patrons are all either looking at them or trying not look. Silence.
14) 15) text: CLICK. He is hung up on. He slowly HANGS UP. Sammy notices that something's wrong. He looks at her fro across the room.
18) 0) text: The CLOCK on the front of the TOWN HALL reads 3:31. The SCHOOL BUS pulls up across from the town hall and  disgorges a handful of kids. Rudy comes out with his knap looking around... POV RUDY: Terry, across the street, sits on the hood of  Sammy's car, smoking. Rudy walks over to him.
20) 0) text: Sammy, laden with files, plops down at her desk as Mabel passing by. Mabel puts a phone message down in front of h
27) 15) text: Sammy gets into her coat. Bob opens the front door.
28) 5) text: They HEAR Bob's CAR DOORS SLAM. Terry makes a comic panic face and leaps up the stairs two at a time. OUTSIDE THE HOUSE: Sammy waves to Bob. Bob waves back as drives off. Sammy goes to the front door, opens it: Terry and Rudy are in a giggly tangled panicked heap at t top of the stairs, shaking Rudy's arm and sleeve, frantic trying to get the jacket off. Sammy comes in. They freeze.
35) 19) text: Terry gives Sammy a look like, "You've got to be kidding. Sammy tries to shush him with a conspiratorial look back. She goes out. LATER. Terry and Rudy sit in front of the TV, alone.
39) 0) text: RON the MINISTER and Sammy drink coffee in silence.
39) 1) dialog: (Gently) What's on your mind, Sammy?
41) 0) text: Terry, Sammy and RON sit in the living room. Sammy and Ro are drinking coffee. Through the window we see occasional glimpses of Rudy playing basketball in the backyard. Ther is a heavy silence in the room.
41) 6) dialog: Can I say something here? (Pause) Sammy asked me to come and talk to  you, because it's her opinion that  you're not gonna find what you're  looking for the way you're looking  for it --
41) 8) dialog: But I'm really not here to try to  get you to do anything, or to believe  anything. And I'll tell you the same  thing I told her, which is that as  far as I'm concerned the only way  she can help you is by her example --  by trying to be a model for you, by  the way she lives her life...
41) 10) dialog: And that doesn't mean she's supposed  to be a saint, either, if that's  what you're smiling about.
41) 13) dialog: You know, Terry, a lot of people  come to see me with all kinds of  problems. Drugs, alcohol, marital  problems, sexual problems, health  problems --
41) 15) dialog: Well... I like it. Because even in  this little town, I feel like what I  do is very connected with the real  center of people's lives. I'm not  saying I'm always Mr. Effective, but  I don't feel like my life is off to  the side of what's important. You  know? I don't feel my happiness and  comfort are based on closing my eyes  to trouble within myself or trouble  in other people. I don't feel like a  negligible little scrap, floating  around in some kind of empty void,  with no sense of connectedness to  anything around me except by virtue  of whatever little philosophies I  can scrape together on my own...
41) 17) dialog: Can I ask you, Terry: Do you think  your life is important?
41) 19) dialog: Yeah.
41) 21) dialog: But do you think it's important?
41) 23) dialog: Do you think it's important in the  scheme of things? Not just because  it's yours, or because you're  somebody's brother. Because I don't  really get the impression that you  do.
41) 27) dialog: Well, isn't there any way for you to  believe that without calling it God,  or religion, or whatever term it is  you object to?
41) 54) text: She throws the sheets at him and storms away. Terry walks through the living room and OUT the front door, SLAMMING behind him.
41) 64) dialog: Well... it's a sin.
41) 66) dialog: ...but we don't tend to focus on  that aspect of it, right off the bat --
41) 68) dialog: Well --
41) 70) dialog: Well --
41) 72) dialog: Um... No.
41) 74) dialog: Well... Why do you think you're in  this situation?
41) 76) dialog: All of them.
41) 79) text: Ron shrugs: i.e., "not necessarily."
43) 3) text: He pulls up outside a small, plain, run-down ranch-style  house with a lot of junk out front, and gets out of the c Rudy stays in.
43) 5) text: Rudy gets out of the car and comes around. Terry waits fo him, and then they walk up to the front door. The buzzer  says "KOLINSKI."
49) 25) text: Rudy stops short in front of Terry. Terry looks at Sammy, the doorway.