0) 238) dialog: Good. Ride out with us. Werll Qeliver you back at school. m7, 85 (Continued) If you'd teres I thank I'12 you ced va me Walk. It's such ‘5 swoll day.
0) 258) dialog: (in the middle of @ sentence) “Twelve hundred dollars 4an't too - much, of cours:, for a whole yoar... wee (earnestly) It's plenty, rop, reslly. Why, just the other day, I read un article about a man goinr arouné the world on twonty dollers, . (LAURENIE lanchs) Laugh if you wint to, it's truc. I'll show you the artielc. it was written oy the on hinselt, ° (the JULGE coushs into his glass ce turns back to hin) It's very largely a mattur of eating the same food ag the people of the country, Take Italy, for instance, The Italian peasant lives for a few lira a day on mtton, goat's milk, spaghctti or macaroni, ercens and fruit. aA verry healthy dict by any standard,
0) 262) dialog: We're to understand then, that you view the preposition with favor? NOAH 2. is doing his best to seom mature and not over= enthusiastic but beyond this point he simply cannot manag
0) 265) dialog: Very well, son. You ay start laying your plans.
0) 281) dialog: (oreaking it) The court concurs, : LAWRENCE . I've already said my piece.
0) 469) dialog: Weleomo nome, Charles.
0) 471) dialog: Ur. Wllsonsemy daughtor, Karyo.. ty son in law, Charles Rankin.
0) 475) dialog: (pouring sherry for thon) How were the mountains? Porfoct. And eht orfect. you ou, to soe Charles on skils, I was good, ‘ too, wasn't I, Charlos...for a beginner?
0) 905) dialog: You understand, Sara? (grimy) Don't worry. She won't get by me.
0) 906) dialog: (his voice tortured) hen she snapped those beads, she signed her ceath warrant. ‘ic'tre earrying her lif: in our hands. Every time she walks on a slippery \ sidewolk...ds near anything that can } fall....drives an automobile... anything that could result in aceidental dcath,..her life is in danger. LiTRENCE (suddenly) Great heavens!
0) 1062) text: below can be seen hastily pulling back as the bodies burtie toward them, Their excited cries rise OVER SCENE. The hends of the clock, still wildly spinning, squeak and rattle as the works clatter to a stop. EXTERIOR CLOCK TOWER NIGHT & DIFFERENT aNGLE This is the same sotup 23 usod in the introduction of tho picture...The backs of the New England townspeople silhouettod agninat the sky and the church tower, in forced perspective, looming above thom. INTERIOR BELFUY OF CHULCH NIsaT : » This is the landing just benoxch the clock, Judge Longstreet and Dr. Lawrence avs Just finished helping Mary dcwn tho broken ladder. The Judge takes his daughtcr in his corms, Lawrenec ic vory close to her, (calling'ap to” e up to. the cloch towor) all right, Er, Vilson, lary! safe. Let mo give you n hand, Wilson 4s soeted juet et the cpening. He is ‘choerfully nursing hig foot and ncnding his Pipo stem again (1t broke in the soufflo) with adhesive tape.