0) 125) dialog: Hey, Nean..- The boys all turn as sho neta out of the car, followed by RED, a setter dog... NOsE “Hello, Mary. (punetilicusly) Bay I present ire Turman and Lr. Hollister. cy sister, Marye <, (equally rely) if equally gravely aN ; _ Mr, Furman. Hr. Solligtor The twc boys murmur how do you do's.
0) 166) text: Where's fouh? Instantly the dog aprines te life, tail wagging. leughs. Ye turns to MARY. ‘aa EES (Cont ta) Self defonse, Wothin;- gives ono suocl, am inferiority complux as a sotter vhon he assume that judicial pose. Sno feels one's facing the wisdor of the ages. It's very disturbiag to one's erce YaRY Llaurhs with nim.
0) 179) dialog: What would you suggest having him do in that year?
0) 182) dialog: I only wish lt. Rankin had been on the faculty at “iss Holbrook!s where I went to school.
0) 184) dialog: Very mon. Rano (quiskiv ani easily without ostentations Before the war, our great institutions of learning tried to instill in their students a veneration for the status quo. Jt was as though there was some vast conspiracy to make the young believe that they were living in the best of all possible worlds. ‘That it was their moral ‘uty to see that no change occurred, so long 18 ther hed power to prevent it. . MARY leans forward in her chair, her tea forgotten, her hand motionless on RED'S heac.
0) 193) dialog: How lon have you ‘een at Harper, i. Rankin?
0) 197) dialog: Panny we haven't met before, ’ RANKIN I stay rather close to campus. CAMERA PANS THEM scross to door.
0) 198) dialog: Well...as a matter of fact, I'm in Washington with Daddy most of the time. (giving him her hand) But I hope you won't see fit to stay so close from now on.
0) 205) dialog: Iam. Fractically. . (giving him her hand) Come on ine .
0) 210) dialog: He's very attractive, (palsy - ‘S You too? waRY No.. really. (quietly) He has an extraordinary quality. (LAWKuTCE looks at her quickly) . (Her eyes are stoady under his) I've never met a person one trusts so t‘mplicitly, so immediately. (her eyes drop) I'll go ‘ress for the tea partr.
0) 214) dialog: Yea. I'd like it.
0) 223) text: 62 Cont'd. 3s. MARY'S eyes search the congregation. Ags it rises, she and her fathor start down the aisle, CAMERA PRECEDING THEN, Her greetings to acquaintances are friendly enoush, but her eyes constantly return to their search. 63. SMTRIOR CNURCH xAY They emerge into the autum sunlight where they meet LAYRTNCE. With him is his grandmother, a very old lady with a very youn; spirit.
0) 228) dialog: Tnank you. I'll come. LA" RoNCE (taking his gramimother's arm) I'll see you later. . a 63 Cont'd. e~ Mary Lunch 1s at one. 4s ahe spoaks, her cyes still scarch the crowd. Suddenly she smilcs radiantly and bows as her soarch is rewarded, 64.
0) 232) dialog: Modded can move it again. ‘ ¢ *
0) 235) dialog: Perhaps if Mr. Rankin came to lunch he could answer thom, :
0) 239) dialog: It 48 far tro lovoly t> ha riding in a closed car, ( t ba LONGSTREET er re Valk. Bech ot vue Eo turna his back on them and wots inte tho car. MARY ant RANKIN start down the stroct. CAUBRA pulls ehoad of then. RANKIN'S hand truchos her elbow. :
0) 241) dialog: I lneked for yeu in chureh. I playod henkoy this Sunday 2. Mkey this . indulsing an olt fagcinaticn. (ho iccks back over his sh-uldor towards tho clock tower aksvo) THE CLOCK, threugh RANEIN'S oyes, its hri-ht faco glintin in the sun.
0) 245) dialog: Tho mld fascinaticn?
0) 248) dialog: awe you oe thea ty all you an aw on Harpor's familics. Fer answor, RANKIN closca hie oyos and recites frem memer
0) 251) dialog: (intricued ty his intonsi ty) Clecks aro a fascinaticn tn yeu. Yos. Thoy are. They round a corner, leavin: tho main strect behind end start mvine past woll kopt lawns shadod hy stant oims. MA hesitates a mocont Sofsre spoakint again. Alittlo gmile f @ momont plays abcut hor lips, . , (msinaly) . I wendor what tho offect w-uli se on Harpor if 1t wore to run and Koop time. The whole character of tho tewn mi-ht undorcr a chance. I'g sure it's not Peally vory Aifforont fren the Yarpor of the oichtoenth contury. Forhap ¢ that's hecause the clack's uands have never moved, (CONTINUED)
0) 255) text: EXTERIOR RIVER BANK Day RANKIN and MARY roach a oregsine. Boulders, risinc ahove the rippline current, provide steppins stones te the Opposite bank,
0) 256) dialog: Wo'd better start hack. RANKIN . Wo can cross hore and ge ome past tho wrods. It's quite a siert cut.
0) 257) dialog: (restencdly) Woll...it may as Woll ermo cut acw as lator. Yeulll have tc know the awful truth anmetimo. Tin a foartul acrophohic. Roally? (sert-usiy) Really. TI have tho moat Groadtul fear of fallinc. Lot's 2 tack tho lens way. (qui oti y) Yeu neod have ne fear, he extends bie hand) You wa! tall. 68 Cont'd, 402. She looks at him a moment, then puts her hand in his. He helps her across. On the opposite bank, they pause, look at each other, smile grevely, Then start towards hom DISSOLVE ‘To 69. TUTERIOR LONQSTREET LIVING RooM Day The JUDGE, LAWRENCE and WOAH I are awaiting MARY and RANKIN. The two men toy with glasses of sherry,
0) 279) dialog: I want you te ‘mow why I love you. Because you're the first really eligible man I've ever tmown. Eligibility doesn't mean the right clubs, or the right - Ganners, or the right banks. If means suitcble..ane fisting. Well...it is fitting that I shonl spend uy years with you...vear your children... {she naugas) ve only mts you. That's what nis afternoon, when you said ft need nave no fear, I cleaved unto you... ani I kad no fear. I ‘mew I had taken She first ster, and there could be no comrromise...no turnin: back... -Tegardless os ae the road led, (she breaks. off, embarrassed) And let-that stand as the ease for Mary Longstreet.
0) 282) dialog: (facing him) Well, Noah....What have you got to say? (1 oking at 0 at the floor) I hope you will de very happy. FADE out
0) 319) text: She room 4s charnincly “urmished, Evident in it are 2 veral trtislss of furnttw- Previously seen in the “or,atreet houo, including the qrendfather's clock, MARY, in a twoed suit, is stouding -n’a eleir, hanving curtiins as the ‘mackay on the door Falls heavily, three times. She sets “own and crosgec eagerly towards the front door, CALERA VAMUTH' te follor her. She throws the door wide ané ta freon S a. vith LSDTIT. : 20, TATCRIOn +
0) 325) dialog: O%, ton op fifteun mimites, HiT: Tower vain? MARY 1a 111 = ose with shis straage intense man who still wears bis hut. 80 Cortta, 50.: MARY . (hiving no alternative Cf corrse.
0) 337) dialog: AS six o'clock. . GEININS resvds her with expcessionlezs eyes) iimor it's mest unconzonsionr1 of me, hein hore today. But I wanted $9 soe thesa curtains.
0) 339) dialog: (pointing through window) From Webater Hall...that's the big domed building.
0) 399) dialog: Goodnight, Grandma Lawrence, Charles will see you to rour car. (she turns to call hin. Ho is not in sight. Moad...° is on tho othor side of the hearth) . Stephen...where's Charics?
0) 404) dialog: Has anyono scon my brand new husband?
0) 406) dialog: (pushing bae!s his lock of pair} Looks as if. The brute. ' (sho turns to find RED at her heels) Red... .whore's Charlos?
0) 472) dialog: How do you do, Hr, Tilson. You must forgivo me, 106 (cont .2) _ BBs
0) 478) dialog: What fun. Won't you sit hore, Ey. Wilson? Sho soats hin between her fathor, in his acoustoned place and LAWRENCE. Thon sita botwecn “Wh and hor musband. 107 (cent.) . 70. ~ OAH. ~~ (to Resim) Ey. Wilson is also an authority on clocks.
0) 535) dialog: (netacine his pacin=) What's the mattor, “oar? dre ycu restless? pad clk: Not at tet ty) MARY stnops to pat RED whe has beon explorinc the neem.
0) 536) dialog: Well, Rod, like y-ur now hemo? ( wacs hig tail) Re says he likes it. she rises, yawnins) I'm scoine te hed, " (quiekiy) T's taka Ro cute 7Sa. llo (Continued)
0) 538) dialog: Juat let him cut. He wen's run ott. ” ‘RANKIN I'@ like a walk. Come alon:, Red, In the coorway to tho hall, eho leans against him. 110 (Cent.) 1
0) 539) dialog: Love me? :
0) 559) text: 119 (Cont.) MARY (Cont'd) (sho stops and tales another puff on the cigarette) It doesn't sound so bad...telling dte.ssbut in the dream it was terrifying.
0) 567) dialog: (her feet fumbling for the mules beside the bed) Red gut lost? In Harper? Why, he kmows every inch of the country for miles around. Poor Red, let him out quickly. (quietly) No, Mary. .
0) 568) dialog: Sillyt Then I shall. (shu starts towards the door) (intercopting hor) Mary, if Rud is to live with us, he mist be trained. At night he will slsep in th. cellar. In the daytime he will bc kept on a leash. MaRyY Chorlcs...this is ridiculous. Sho starts to pass him. Ho puts his hands en her arms, restraining her. : RaNKIN I forbid you, Mary. MiRY (fecing him) But I don't belicve in dogs being treated like prisoners. and Red is my dog. (gently) and you're my wifc, Mary....Please, darling - I know what's best.... Their «yea stay mut for a long moment. Finally, a decision reached, “ary turns away. Rankin!.s eyes follow hur aa sho movca back towards the bed. Rad's unhappy wail rises over the scence. FaDE OUT
0) 594) dialog: S80 you didn't leave?
0) 599) dialog: gue ulanit think ar, a ebeer him hold 4 OD on guojoct. eee yeu pearci he Was Aoserining tho idSal social svscem ” in terms cf a clock, (CONTINUED )
0) 602) dialog: (regumine her painting) Tell Ur. Wilson, Cheries. RANKIN . It's a man's prercrative te hore his wites but net an acquaintance. turning to her as she 4a about to paint the sword) Don't paint that, « We'll oloan it. It's Toledo stoel.
0) 605) dialog: Now, it cota aero complicated. The train of roars arc the workine massos...formed into economic unite which ongage cach other Without friction. ge. Tho tooth are the individuals. dnd just as these are of flawless metal, well ground and oot ‘trained and fit vices 2° geass 10 nod ani ye Wei that's tho idaa in fenghal , emiling at him Charlos oxplains it in far ereater fetail, of crurse.
0) 607) dialog: You forst about the Rands, Charles.
0) 633) dialog: : (with normal interest} Did ho tell you what he was doing ' in Harper?
0) 638) dialog: (forces a laugh) Why...no. I wos..,how should I... I was just trying to make your mystery complete. Shouldn't e121 mysterious strangers heve foreian accents? RAPKIS looses his erin. They 411 turn towerds the door as opens end ‘Hoa “rushcs in, He ignores thoir greetings,
0) 641) dialog: That's why “Jloch's’: anelous. (slins down from her stool): Come on, Chtrles, we'tl go sea. I*1i telephone you, Realy - if he's at our place or not. She leads the wey out, Ri"FI at her heels,
0) 653) dialog: You should have told me...not earried this ewful thing all by yourself.
0) 655) dialog: Charles... (he jooks at her ngly oeowhy didn't he go back for his’ things?
0) 714) dialog: I can't helievo...you know bew much T leved hin.
0) 716) dialog: (in a whisper) You killed him? y) "137 (Cont.) . 101. With these hands, (ne holds them out to hor) The same hands that heave herd you close to ma, (again harshly) . Now aro you satisfied to let ma go?
0) 717) dialog: (4m an agonized voice) Why aid you do it?
0) 720) dialog: (she-comos to his side, then softly) . charies...ir one of us gees, we both go. (sho manages a tremulous smile) You would have shared helt oy trouble, Charles, if I’d hed any.
0) 722) dialog: Tell ne, Charles... : -(she hesitates, Then:) What is there to connect you with that mon? (the victor) Nothing, actuslly. You're the only one who knows I knew hin.
0) 723) dialog: Then whet have you to fear...if I*m the only one who can speak?
0) 725) dialog: I'm a part of it anyway because I'ma pert of you. Fer the tir st tine, RANKIN fools completoiy secure. He starts to sweep her into his orms. ylolds herself willingly to him. Thon som instinctive reaction that she herself doosn't understand makes her body tremble. RANKIN instantly pulls beck...only his hands remaining on her arms.
0) 727) dialog: (shaking her head) It's nothing. Nerves. ~ (foreing hersoif) Hold mo close, Charles. She raises her lips to him, Watching her intentiy, he kissos her. She forces herself-to respond. Then, suddeniy she slumps in his erms, She has fainted. Again, all expression fe11s from his face. His syes grow dull end his mouth hangs slightly open. He picks her up eud carrie her to the bed. He loys hor down and stends looking down at hor, Unconsciously,'his fingers flex themselves. Ee knows now that sho, too, mist die, During this, over scene, there has arisen the excited sho of boys running. past the house. He becanes conseious of Sound. Its meaning is obvious. He is himself agein as he erosses to the window. 13a. 195.
0) 733) dialog: Charles...they won't mako ma look et tho dody, will thoy?
0) 737) dialog: Twenty-eight, @11 together. (to SABA..at-hor elbow) No more, thenk you, Sara. A .
0) 743) dialog: But wheat if I should...
0) 747) dialog: (into phones) Hello. " _(peuse) Why, yes, I think so... again a pause) Just wait one second. I'll see. She sets the receiver down on the table and comes back to the doorway. Panic is in her tone, 141 (Cont.) 106: a MARY (Cont td) He wants me to come over. . ‘
0) 749) dialog: (shaking her heed) He said he vanted to see me alone. I'm frightened, Charles.
0) 753) dialog: Charles...I'm afraid. It was so pointed...his wenting’to see me @lone. And his volce, it sounded different.
0) 757) text: MARY, visibly braced for ony emergency, crosses to the entrance of her father's study. me hesitetss a moment. Then throws open the door. ») 107. Hifinron once Lomestmezr’s eToor sraar ’ MARY, silhouetted in the light from the hallway behind Stands on the threshold of a dark room. There is no sound except & faint metaliic murmur, not instantly identifiabl The sound stops and the room is suddenly lighted. 144.
0) 760) dialog: (looks from hor father 7 to WITSON and back to her father again) Is something wrong?
0) 762) dialog: What is it you wish to know, Mr. Wilson?
0) 765) dialog: Mowees
0) 767) dialog: (hesitates) «eOf course I can't be gure.
0) 772) dialog: Surely you don't think.:.I've never so mich as known @ Nozi, Mr. Wilson.
0) 774) dialog: (unable te tako her eyos frem the screon) Why de you wish me to lock at these horrera?
0) 778) dialog: (starts to get out of her chair - her knees buckle - she slips back into it) So have lots of people...you..yourself,
0) 780) dialog: (finally...almost moaning) : IT don't know.,..L know nothing...Let me alone... Now ¥IISON snaps on the room lights...turns off the proje 146 (Cont. 1) . “ie. ¥WIISON © You wore at Rankin's house during the afternoon of tho day you were ‘married?
0) 783) dialog: Not that I romember.
0) 785) dialog: No ono came.
0) 786) text: — Were you alone the whole time? =~ so MARY . (after a pause) No. . wrrsor Who else was thore?
0) 787) dialog: Charles was, (with a great effort of will, sho ocmposes herself, then continues) Eo camo right after his last class, and we wore togcther for more than an hour, (she risos) Mr, Wilson...you have nothing to link my husband with this man,.Xubhn...except . a wild suspicion. <A ridiculous suspicion. You're trying to use mo to implicate him. You can't. I won't discuss it further. (without warning, she throws open the door and exits) ’ TUDGT LO"GSTREET ~ . Mary’ a He follows her out of the room, . me. wot 147.
0) 789) text: MARY runs down tho stairs, Hcr father appears at their he { hes). LOPCSTREET célling to her Wait a minute, Sister, (the use of the old term of affection stops her; She pauses, irresolute, then turns to face hin. He cames down to her, puts his arm around her shoulder and they continue down stairs together) That's batter. (they rogch the bottom. He turns her to face-him) . You know that your wolfere and -Bogh'a'' meens more to mo than anything, don't you'
0) 790) dialog: (her voice a * little unstcady) Yos, “Adam, I know that. JUDGE LOMsSTRIET We've got to face this thing with ° complete honesty, sister, Your entire happiness may well depend on your speaking the absolute truth. (MARY begins to ery, Silently) If Mr. Wilson is right and you have innocently married a criminal....it's mo marriage and there ts no call upon your loyalty as a wife,
0) 791) dialog: Charles wouldn't do anybody any harm oe except to protect somebody he doves, He's good. .
0) 793) dialog: (suddenly flying out) You're against Charlies! You've never liked him! Thet's why you won't believe met: Let us alone...he's my husband,..and I love himt$! More than I love yo...or Wonh,.~++.0F anybody?! Let us alone..e.. y; “A 147 (Cont.) : 113," She flings open the front door and runs out. JUDGE LONGST looks after her sadly. There is the sound of her summing footsteps..then the slam of a car door....the grinding of starter...the clash of gcars...the motor racing as she sp - away. Then the JUDGE hoars WIIS@''S footsteps as he com Slowly down the stairs, The JUDGE turns'to face him, FIIS osrries a case in which is the projector.
0) 813) dialog: (cold voiced) Cherics.
0) 816) dialog: It was a trap...just as you sald. Wilson was thorc, Ho tried ta tell me you were a Nazis. sSomabedy called Walther Kuhn..As if I'a4 believe such c thing. Imegine...you...an ascapod Nozi. RANKIN stops his work...i8 silent.....thon, after 4 moment, Tesumes working. . : MARY (Cont'd) He thinks hots wry clover, that Wiison...vory clever indeed. His ideo was to horrify mo into telling him about Moinike, You wouldn't polieve anyone could think up such fantastic things. {she laughs)
0) 818) dialog: Walthor Kuhn. (she stops loughing) You're not, aro you?
0) 823) dialog: I won't, Cherlos...I promise, Thoy can torture me. OVERSCENE tho sound of voices. Calls from the distance.
0) 825) dialog: I shal. ‘She starts down tho ladder first.
0) 827) dialog: I don't ncod any help.... really, diorlos, They start down tho ladder.
0) 834) dialog: (confiaontiz)} We'll faeo taom, Charles, All of thom.
0) 840) dialog: That has nething to de with it. gus is my house, and I want then am.
0) 843) text: 154 (Cont.) . MaRY (a momentery panic is in her eyex) is it time for that already? © For answer, the door bell rings. Saha (exiting) Seems aa if. MARY, habit ard instinct reasserting itself, looks to see all is’in readiness, Then, calm and Poised, she moves tow the ball to greet ter cuests, whose voices can already be heard, : iss,
0) 847) text: Don't approve of sleepin!’ pills. Never have. ilan does & dey's work, he'll get a night's sleep. (across. the square, the clock strikes the Patter hour. POTTER 3 Leastways,., (raising his voice) Leastways, he could until that clock started boncing every few minutes. (Re hands RANEIY the little hox) Tell Mary to watch herself with these things, Thevtre dangerous.,.if you take too many. RaNKIY (pocketing the pills) I'll renenber,
0) 851) text: The school masterz 9:4 their wives crowd the room, the murmur of their voices ris‘.a above the tinkle of cups on saucers. The fire is i4t acainst the cool autum afternoon, WOAH™ 1s passin a plate of sandwiches, MARY, outwardly the serene hostess, is liatening politely to DR. EISE.°5, an elderly master while, simaltaneously, straining to ovsrnear another corversation going on betwe HAROLD, another master, and HRS. TINSDALL. DR. LaWRENCE, tea cup in hand, stunds before the fireplace. He eyes . MARY, anxiously. .
0) 852) text: CaMERA moves in on 33, fToinLL and HAROLD, holding NARY and HIBBARD in ber. ERS. TINSDaLL Were you able to see when ther opened the grave, ir, Harold? (HAROLD nods) Vas it too horrible? HaROLD (sumgly) Not the most pleasant sight. CaMERA moves past them to MARY and HIBEARD, eatching the latter in mid-sentence.
0) 855) text: 186 (Cont.} 122.°. . “RSL TINSDALL I'm absolutely terrified, I wouldn't dreem of setting foot: outside the house, unless Fred were along. Who knows...he might be anywhere...the mrderer, I mean... | waiting for « new victim. MaRY has heard as much of this conversation as she can st (to HIBBARD) Forgive me, Dr. Hibbard. I mast be a hostess, She turns away acc, as sha dees so, faces the door. Her eyes widen. Inveluntaril;, she gasps. 157. THE DOOR‘AY MARY sees “ILSON, packea:e in hand, pausing irresolute on threshold. BaCK TO SCENE Momentary panic 13 in 3.RY¥'S eyes u3 she stares et WILSO He comes forward easily.
0) 874) dialog: {in response to the pressure of his hand) Exeus. us. They move away a few faet, CiwiTh.. staying with them.
0) 895) dialog: Yes..,lovely...Friday night. She closes the door and turns, hari and eomposecd. as she faces RANKIN, their cyrs meet and hold. She smiles at him triumphantly. (cr hand goes to her thront and she runs on finger around the inside of the necklace as though it wer suddenly too tight for her. Then she raises both hands an attempts to unfasten it. The catch sticks. She jerks at i It still sticks. : RaNily Here...let mc help you. He takes a ster towards hur and stops as she suddenly bre into a wild sobbing. S23. enters ag MaRY, with a harried gesture, tears at the atrand with toth hands, snapping th thread. The bvade seatter and rell acress the floor, ~~ unnoticed. By this breas in her control, usRY h.s sign NX death warrant, R.NKIN no longer has tine for delay. He ° a comforting arm around her shoulder and starts leading upstairs, 3.7.. watches them, unhappily.
0) 911) text: RaNKIN tekos @ small bottle out and comes forward to the table. He opens the bottle. He shakes eight or ten of the pellets into his hands, Thinks a minute. Restores - all the pollets to the bottle, save one. ‘That he drops i the milk. Then, tray in hand, exita into adjoining room. 166. INTERIOR SPaRE BEDROOM NIGHT The lights are on, the windows completely covered by draw curtaina, The bed hos been occupied and the covers are thrown back. MARY, in negligee, walks back and forth acro the reom. Her eyes are aleepluss. She turns to face R4&NK
0) 943) dialog: sara, you seem to forget, I'm not a child any longer but a married toman.
0) 947) dialog: (resignedly) Oh, Sara.
0) 971) text: then calls. RaliKIN - Mary! : There's no answer. But arter a moment he hears footsteps Coming from the kitchen wine. The door to the rear part, of the house opens ani SRY and DP, L.AvRENCE appear, i No stends still, Omezement on hig face, Upon seeing im, MARY also stope. Di, i ‘ENCE nods.
0) 977) dialog: {coming forward) What's the mattur, Charles?
0) 979) dialog: za Then why... Be quiet! (then, catching himself) I'm sorry, ‘This strain we've been under is beginning to tell on me, (she raises hor ayes to Ris. es smiles, trying for the old charm) * You sce, I have my weak moments too, MaRY Why did you want to see me? It wag Something important, you said,
0) 982) dialog: Tell mc what it was,
0) 985) dialog: I've ssen no one all day. I stayed in my room.
0) 988) text: (examining the wood in his hend) He really had the wing Up. You can atill smell the wiue whore he Joined it. Lu Without further edo, they all turn and start dom again 88 . . INTERIOR RANKIN LIVING moun ba - RANKIN, morosc, stends by th. window looking out towards woods. Now that niz plan for doing away with MARY hes failed, a now plan mist Se evolved. She sits upright on t couch, staring into sracr. Suddenly she speaks, ny What did you tcll Noah?
0) 994) dialog: When I found I couldn't leave Sara, I phoned Noah...told hin to to you...tel] you I was detained.
0) 999) dialog: How could Ged have been so cruel? Why wasntt if Tr rt wasn't intended for hin, (facing hin) It was I you Planned to kill, And God shouldn't have allowed it to be otherwise.. - Walther Kuhn, ‘)
0) 1001) dialog: Kill me, Walthor Zuhn. I Want it. I couldn't face life again with the knowledge of what I'ge been to ‘you...Whet I'v. done to Noah. Only aon't put your hands on mo when you kill me. Hore...use this... Sk: picks up o pokor and holds it out to him, He starts towurds her, arms hanging loose at his sidos. Hc raises onc hand to tcke tho poker from her. OVER ’ SCENE thore is tho sound of a car approaching. EXTERIOR RANKIN HOUSE Dix Judge Longstrect drives his big scdan towards the houso at high syccd. In it arc Wilson, Dr. Lawrence and Neah., ‘The ecr skids to a stop in front of the house. Tho four mon hurry from it, They mount the- steps to the front door. "Thy Judge's hand presses tho door bell, dnsistently, There’ is no answer, filson's hand trics the imob. It deosn't turn. Suddenly he throws his full Weight against the deocr. It flies open, Ho rushes in, still carrying his fragment of ladder... the othcrs at his heols. INTERIOR RaNKIN LIVING ROOM .4PTERNOON Mery stands motionless, facing the doors leading to the rear terraco, They stand Open, @ cold wind blowing the curtains inte tho room, The poker lies on the floor at her foot. Rankin is gone. The group standg in the doorway a second. Slowly, Mary turns to face it. Her eyes widen inercdulously as she sees Noah.
0) 1004) text: Mary's cyzs go blank; sho faints but we sec tho moment from her viowpoint -
0) 1041) dialog: “(qutetiy) You don't need it. rim alone.
0) 1043) dialog: Ib (Leveliy) ad. © rought you fuod. wag afraid you would bo hungry, - TNTERIOR LANDING wreHr Rankin stands in tho deep shadows beside tho door icading into the Glock room itself, His face, haggard @nd unshavon, betrays his incredulity. Can tt ve Possible that he still holds this giri.
0) 1054) dialog: I don't mind. If I take you 2 with mo. . RuNEIN They've scarched the woods, Zz watched them this aftornoon.... (pointing to the window} eothoro...like God looking at little ants...scurrying away their futile — Iives. So, you'll fall...Ztll eo through the graveyard...gain the woods...They won't search it again, A day or two and they'll be sure I'vo loft town,
0) 1056) text: OVET. SCENE there riscs tho sound of voices. : WILSON (Cont'd) The gitizons of Harper, Kuhn, They're waiting for you. (Rankin retreats two stcps) You can kill me...Mary.. half of Harper, ind still there's no escape. You had the world and it closed in on you till there was only Harper. That closcé in and then there was only this room. and this room, too, is closing Ronkin's face has egnin becn stripped of all expression; tho eyes are dull, the mouth hangine open. ais Wilson's indictment sinks into him, a faint moistnoss appears on Ris lips. Hts cyos come alive, crazed, fronetic. Suddenly he 1s slobbering. : RaNELY It's not truc. What thoy say. I didn't do it. It was their idoa. T only followed orders.
0) 1062) text: below can be seen hastily pulling back as the bodies burtie toward them, Their excited cries rise OVER SCENE. The hends of the clock, still wildly spinning, squeak and rattle as the works clatter to a stop. EXTERIOR CLOCK TOWER NIGHT & DIFFERENT aNGLE This is the same sotup 23 usod in the introduction of tho picture...The backs of the New England townspeople silhouettod agninat the sky and the church tower, in forced perspective, looming above thom. INTERIOR BELFUY OF CHULCH NIsaT : » This is the landing just benoxch the clock, Judge Longstreet and Dr. Lawrence avs Just finished helping Mary dcwn tho broken ladder. The Judge takes his daughtcr in his corms, Lawrenec ic vory close to her, (calling'ap to” e up to. the cloch towor) all right, Er, Vilson, lary! safe. Let mo give you n hand, Wilson 4s soeted juet et the cpening. He is ‘choerfully nursing hig foot and ncnding his Pipo stem again (1t broke in the soufflo) with adhesive tape.