2) 10) text: “It’s soooo sick! Look how I plug it in.” They bond briefly over making fun of Craig. MARLO (CONT’D) “I don’t just look cool, I’m single- handedly saving the planet.”
6) 53) dialog: Yes. Yes. The Moreaus have arrived. This is gonna be a good night. Drew, how are you, buddy? He and Drew do the one-armed guy hug. Drew sheds his jack tossing it on a stool.
6) 54) dialog: Marlo. Marlo tries to accept his hug, but her belly gets in the
6) 56) dialog: Just what you've always wanted.
6) 60) dialog: Jesus. Don’t have it here.
6) 65) dialog: Well, you’re going to find out any day now. Craig and Elyse smile, awaiting a response from Marlo. Is this exciting? She fakes a smile.
6) 69) dialog: Lucky little bastards.
6) 73) dialog: So, three. 17. Marlo is confused for a beat, then realizes Craig is referring to her pregnancy. He nods at her belly.
6) 83) dialog: No. You're not allowed. Besides, I want to show you something.
6) 85) dialog: Yeah, yeah, no. Come here. He puts a brotherly hand on Marlo’s shoulder and steers h away from the sink. INT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (TIKI BAR) - NIGHT Craig has a TAHITIAN-STYLE home bar that looks like somet at a resort. Marlo looks around at the decor
6) 86) dialog: You like it?
6) 88) dialog: It was inspired by the most beautiful place I’ve ever been.
6) 90) dialog: Epcot. Marlo climbs awkwardly onto a stool. Craig goes behind th bar and pours himself a scotch and Marlo a pineapple juic
6) 91) dialog: So, I have a special baby gift for you this time around.
6) 93) dialog: Ha ha. It’s more like an experience.
6) 95) dialog: Have you ever heard of a night nanny? Before Marlo gets a chance to reply...
6) 96) dialog: (quickly) Everyone does it. I mean, everyone we know. It’s like a regular nanny, but she only comes to your house at night. She stays over for a few weeks-- or months-- and takes care of the new baby so Mom and Dad can get some sleep! His tone is cheerful, careful. What is he getting at?
6) 98) dialog: No! She doesn’t breast-feed. This isn’t feudal China. She wakes you up to do... (gesturing, awkward) That. But then you can go right back to bed when you’re done.
6) 100) dialog: We had a night nanny.
6) 102) dialog: That’s because she was only here at night! They come in and out like a ninja. I barely had any interaction with the woman. (MORE )
6) 104) dialog: (shrugging) Elyse said she was great.
6) 106) dialog: Marlo. You’ve got a lot going on. I know this kid wasn’t planned, okay? I know, I know, it’s a miracle and the best thing ever and blah blah blah... Craig lowers his voice.
6) 107) dialog: ...But I don’t want what happened last time to happen again.
6) 109) dialog: (interrupting) I love you. I don’t want to ever see you that way (again)
6) 111) dialog: Drew needs to focus on his career. He’s finally getting somewhere and you can’t let this baby derail him. And you need to be there for Jonah and Sarah. Get them to school in the morning. Be “happy Mommy.” Awake. Present. Especially for Jonah. The mention of Jonah gives Marlo guilty pause.
6) 112) dialog: I know you think this is some bougie thing that rich assholes do. And maybe it is. But remember, I wasn’t always a rich asshole. (MORE )
6) 114) dialog: I grew up in the same shitty house as you, with the same shitty parents and that shit-brown Buick on the lawn. And I’m telling you-- for the sake of your kids-- get over yourself and call her. He reaches into his pocket and hands her a folded-up piec paper.
6) 115) dialog: This is the number. Make whatever arrangements you need, for however long you want. She’1ll bill me; we already worked it out. This isn’t the person we used-- she was booked until August-- but this one comes highly recommended. Think about it. Marlo tucks the folded paper into her pocket.
6) 117) dialog: An assload. (then, serious) Think about it. INT. MARLO’S CAR - NIGHT Marlo is driving. A tipsy Drew is in the passenger seat. Marlo rants about Craig’s proposal.
13) 0) text: Marlo is sitting up in the hospital bed, still wearing a hospital gown and tethered to an I.V. Craig and Elyse are the room. Elyse holds the BABY, making little cooing nois
13) 2) dialog: I wish we could stay, but Emmy’s in the middle school musical tonight.
13) 5) dialog: I don’t get it. It’s like, just pay your fucking rent. Problem solved. Elyse is about to pass back the sleeping baby back to Mar
13) 8) dialog: You take it easy, okay? And tell Dad congrats when he wakes up. Reveal Drew SOUND ASLEEP on a cot. Craig and Elyse quietl exit the room. Marlo swings her numb legs out of bed and tries to get up It’s tough. She looks over at Drew. He is sound asleep on cot. Marlo manages to get up and walks gingerly toward the bathroom, dragging her I.V. behind her. She stumbles into door frame. Through the open back of her hospital gown, w see she’s wearing an ADULT DIAPER. Marlo reaches for the nurse call button.
14) 0) text: Craig and Elyse walk to the elevator.
14) 2) dialog: Yeah. She said she could never let a stranger take care of her baby.
14) 4) dialog: I just want my sister back. The last few years... She used to be happy, you know?
14) 6) dialog: She got a little wild sometimes, sure. But overall, she was just fun to be around. Then she had the kids. Once Sarah came along, it was like somebody snuffed the match. And when Jonah was born... They shudder at the unspoken.
14) 8) dialog: Drew hates me.
39) 0) text: Marlo sipping her morning latte, takes a deep breath and composes a TEXT to her old friend VIOLET. “This is Marlo Moreau. Wanna be friends again?” Then, she types. “(I£ you'll have me.)” A moment. An ellipses. And then: “Welcome back to the land of the living.” Followed by: “Bitch.” Marlo chuckles to herself, relieved. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING) - DAY Craig and Elyse’s mansion looks even more impressive by d There are a bunch of PINK BALLOONS tied to the mailbox at end of the driveway. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - DAY It’s the perfect sunny spring day for GRETA’S BIRTHDAY PA Of course, Craig and Elyse have gone completely over the There’s a dessert table, pony rides, etc. A DRONE soars above the proceedings, taking video. 54. Jonah is playing with water balloons. Marlo is hanging ou a folding table while Mia sleeps in the car seat. Drew is a few yards away at the BAR. A costumed PRINCESS swishes past him with an armful of PARTY PROPS (wand, bag dress-up clothes, etc.)She accidentally drops her tambour Marlo watches as Drew bends over to help the princess pic her items. They chat for a moment. The princess is basica a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown, but Drew is clea charmed. Craig suddenly and conveniently appears next to Drew and joins the conversation. It’s obvious the two guys are bei extra “on” for the princess, who’s laughing. Marlo can’t but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two m Drew notices Marlo watching with a wry expression and hea back over. Craig reluctantly follows. Marlo clocks Craig Drew's beers.
39) 2) dialog: I know. It’s oatmeal stout. Did you see Princess Hannah? She was a Miss Hawaiian Tropic finalist.
39) 5) dialog: Greta should look happy. Look at all this shit. Our wedding at the Ritz wasn’t this nice. Elyse walks over, spanking Craig playfully on the butt.
39) 12) dialog: You called her?
39) 21) dialog: Sure she is.
39) 33) dialog: Ha ha, yeah, she’s got the pep back in her step, as our Nana used to say. I’m loving it. Craig seems pleased, but Drew doesn’t recognize this pers He looks slightly disturbed.
39) 35) dialog: (interrupting) Oh look, she’s doing the Nae Nae!
39) 38) dialog: (pleased) There she is. INT. MARLO’S CAR — DAY Drew drives home. Jonah and Sarah are asleep in the back seat. Marlo is passed out in the passenger seat. She’s sweated off most of her butterfly makeup and looks slight deranged. 58.