2) 0) text: Marlo walks into the kitchen. It’s small and there are a boxes of assorted ENERGY BARS propped open on the already cluttered counters. Marlo Grabs two LUNCH BOXES off the counter. Then, she reaches for her PHONE and plugs a set EARBUDS into it. She picks a song. MUSIC UP: “Blue” by the Jayhawks. As the music plays, Marlo begins makes two LUNCHES for Jo and Sarah. Finally, an escape from the children, even if she’s still servicing them. She places two different sandwiches into plastic bento b She pours Goldfish crackers from a Costco-sized container into two of the compartments. She cuts on the diagonal. Marlo’s husband DREW enters. He’s a slightly nerdy softwa engineer in a Doctor Who T-shirt. Marlo pulls out her earbuds. Her private moment is over abruptly. Without missing a beat, Drew begins filling Thermoses and slicing the green tops off the strawberries. Marlo and Dr are a well-oiled machine. Their childcare routines are choreographed like ballet.
2) 1) dialog: Jonah’s finally down. Jesus, it’s like trying to kill the head vampire.
2) 3) dialog: Yeah. Did you, uh, brush Jonah?
2) 5) dialog: Ugh. Craig hates me.
2) 7) dialog: You think he’1ll respect me more now that I got a promotion?
2) 9) dialog: “It’s sick, dude!”
2) 11) dialog: “You're welcome, Earth.” Marlo chucks a mayonnaise-covered knife into the sink.
6) 23) dialog: Jonah, the dog weighs like two pounds. He can’t hurt you. Jonah moans, worried as usual.
6) 25) dialog: “Prosecco.”
6) 28) dialog: Mommy’s joking. Like a clown. Marlo “honks” her own nose in response.
6) 31) dialog: Yeah, it’s called a Tesla.
6) 33) dialog: Nope.
6) 41) dialog: Hey, Elyse. An energetic young woman, SHASTA, appears in the foyer.
6) 57) dialog: That’s actually true.
6) 64) dialog: Marlo didn’t want to know this time, but I kind of wish we had decided to find out.
6) 70) dialog: Wow, we can actually have a conversation.
6) 78) dialog: No, he’s tough. He’s quirky. The school actually wants us to get him a aide because the teacher can’t handle him anymore. Marlo glances at Drew, flustered that he would disclose t Drew eats matter-of-factly.
6) 119) dialog: It sounds pretty ideal to me. Like, not having to wake up five times a night or whatever?
6) 121) dialog: I don’t have boobs, Marlo.
6) 123) dialog: It’s not like I can do anything. They’ve arrives a stoplight. Marlo looks out the window a group of YOUNG PEOPLE congregating on a sidewalk. They're talking and laughing, animated.
6) 125) dialog: You’re sure you’re going to be okay?
6) 127) dialog: Honey?
6) 129) dialog: It’s green. The light has changed. Marlo accelerates.
7) 0) text: The lights are off. Drew sleeps. Marlo is lying in bed, wrestling with a huge snakelike body pillow. She can’t ge comfortable. She settles for a moment. We hear a distinct POP. Marlo’s eyes open. Marlo gets up and walks to the bathroom. From her P.O.V., see WATER dribbling onto the floor with every step. It’s the dramatic scene we see in movies, just a tiny dribble. it’s unmistakable. 23.
8) 0) text: A disoriented Drew drives to the hospital. Marlo rides quietly in the passenger seat.
9) 0) text: Drew holds Marlo’s hand while an ANESTHESIOLOGIST who loo sixteen years old injects an EPIDURAL into her spine.
12) 0) text: Marlo is pushing out her baby. A DOCTOR and a couple of NURSES are there. Drew stands by taking video with his ph A not-particularly-meaningful SONG plays on someone’s iPo The doctor is laid-back, almost distracted.
19) 2) dialog: Frozen pizza, all right. (noticing the TV) I thought we weren’t doing screen time during the week? Marlo just looks at him with hollow eyes. Drew puts his p up helplessly.
19) 5) dialog: (surprised) You did?
19) 7) dialog: I just-- you know, Craig’s paying for it, so I’m sure he’1ll lord that over us. barely masking his annoyance.
19) 9) dialog: No, no! I’m sorry. I didn’t mean-- (concerned) Are you okay? Marlo shrugs.
19) 10) dialog: Guys, is Mommy okay?
19) 13) dialog: Jesus! Careful, Jonah. Marlo peels off her shirt wordlessly. She sits in a NURSI BRA. Her body is a deflated, stretch-marked mess. Drew lo away. Sarah’s eyes widen with comic amusement. 33.
21) 0) text: Marlo enters the bedroom. Drew is in bed. The lights are He wears a GAMING HEADSET as he plays SKYRIM on his Xbox. pulls off his headset when he sees Marlo, surprised.
21) 1) dialog: Hey.
21) 3) dialog: Oh yeah? What’s she like?
21) 5) dialog: What?
21) 7) dialog: Are you going to just leave her down there with Mia? Marlo ponders this briefly.
21) 9) dialog: Okay. Marlo climbs into bed. She closes her eyes, overwhelmed b the sudden possibility of sleep. A moment later, she rises from the bed, anxious. She walk toward the bedroom door. Opens it, revealing not the hall but... A BEACH...
25) 0) text: Marlo and Drew walk through a LOCAL PARK while Sarah runs ahead in her SOCCER UNIFORM and Jonah rides a scooter.
25) 1) dialog: (incredulous) So she was in our bedroom last night?
25) 3) dialog: And then she went downstairs and chiseled the filth off our floors. Doesn’t she sleep?
25) 5) dialog: Or Sarah's hamster. Remember that thing? The wheel going all night long... Sarah runs over, interrupting the conversation.
25) 7) dialog: The game didn’t even start yet!
25) 10) dialog: What’s wrong with her?
26) 0) text: Drew is watching Orphan Black on Netflix. Marlo pulls out iPad from under the bed and immediately starts tapping aw Marlo and Drew don’t acknowledge each other.
30) 0) text: Marlo, Drew, Sarah and Jonah eat a home-cooked meal. Marl wears Mia in a sling and chats animatedly about the day’s events.
30) 2) dialog: Wow. You’ve been really busy.
30) 4) dialog: And this is so delicious I want to punch someone in the face. How did you make it? Marlo shrugs. 51.
30) 7) dialog: Gross, Sarah, no.
36) 0) text: It’s an unspecified time of night. Marlo climbs into bed to a sleeping Drew. She pulls the covers up to her chin a snuggles into the pillow, a slight smile on her face.
37) 0) text: Marlo is getting ready for the day. She’s looking less an less like a zombie; her hair is brushed, and she actually a little color in her cheeks. She reaches into a MAKEUP POUCH and takes out a BLACK LIQ EYELINER. She hasn’t work it in years, but she leans forw and applies it in Tully’s signature cat-like style. It co surprisingly easily to her. She examines herself, satisfi INT. MARLO AND DREW’S HOUSE (DEN) - NIGHT Tully and Marlo sit with a pile of inexpensive BABY GIFTS that have been sent to Mia. We see Tully writing a THANK NOTE on stationery that says “MARLO MOREAU” at the mast. “Dear Aunt Lorene: Thank you for the...” Tully glances at the GIFT again. “,..glow worm toy for Mia. It is so cute! Love, Marlo.” 53. She adds the card to a pile. Marlo, who is also writing a note, smiles gratefully.
38) 0) text: Marlo enthusiastically kicks a SOCCER BALL to Sarah while sleeps contentedly in the stroller. INT. MARLO AND DREW’S HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT INTO DAY Marlo is sound asleep again. The room goes from DARK to L in time-lapse. Marlo rises, stretching, refreshed.
39) 0) text: Marlo sipping her morning latte, takes a deep breath and composes a TEXT to her old friend VIOLET. “This is Marlo Moreau. Wanna be friends again?” Then, she types. “(I£ you'll have me.)” A moment. An ellipses. And then: “Welcome back to the land of the living.” Followed by: “Bitch.” Marlo chuckles to herself, relieved. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING) - DAY Craig and Elyse’s mansion looks even more impressive by d There are a bunch of PINK BALLOONS tied to the mailbox at end of the driveway. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - DAY It’s the perfect sunny spring day for GRETA’S BIRTHDAY PA Of course, Craig and Elyse have gone completely over the There’s a dessert table, pony rides, etc. A DRONE soars above the proceedings, taking video. 54. Jonah is playing with water balloons. Marlo is hanging ou a folding table while Mia sleeps in the car seat. Drew is a few yards away at the BAR. A costumed PRINCESS swishes past him with an armful of PARTY PROPS (wand, bag dress-up clothes, etc.)She accidentally drops her tambour Marlo watches as Drew bends over to help the princess pic her items. They chat for a moment. The princess is basica a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown, but Drew is clea charmed. Craig suddenly and conveniently appears next to Drew and joins the conversation. It’s obvious the two guys are bei extra “on” for the princess, who’s laughing. Marlo can’t but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two m Drew notices Marlo watching with a wry expression and hea back over. Craig reluctantly follows. Marlo clocks Craig Drew's beers.
39) 4) dialog: Greta looks happy. Greta does look happy as she and her friends, including Sarah, run up to Princess Hannah. Shasta, the nanny, foll after as always.
39) 11) dialog: Yes. That’s been a game-changer. I mean, I can’t overstate-- Craig looks at them quizzically.
39) 17) dialog: Hey, Sarah. What's up?
39) 23) dialog: Sarah!
39) 34) dialog: I mean, it’s actually kind of weir--
39) 36) dialog: What?
40) 18) text: Ha. I was like you back in the day. I tried every horse on the carousel. And then I met Drew.
40) 27) text: I like Drew. I like what I know of him. And I want you guys to stay together.
42) 0) text: Marlo opens the door a crack. Drew is sound asleep, curle on his side of the bed. The clock on the night stand read 12:10 AM. Marlo opens the door fully. Tully walks in behind her.
42) 6) dialog: (groggy) Huh? Jonah?
42) 9) dialog: What the hell, Marlo?
42) 12) dialog: (helpless) Okay.
42) 16) dialog: Should we talk about last night?
42) 18) dialog: That was pretty kinky. Where did the costume come from?
42) 20) dialog: Are you kidding?
42) 22) dialog: Why haven’t we ever done that before?
57) 0) text: Marlo lies asleep in a hospital bed. She’s BEAT UP. There cuts and lacerations on her face. She has a black eye, a broken arm, and her leg is in traction. Drew sits on a chair next to her bed, pale and gravely concerned. The room is silent. DR. SMYTHE, a middle-aged woman, knocks and enters.
57) 2) dialog: (rising) Yes. I’m Drew.
57) 4) dialog: Okay...
58) 0) text: Drew and Dr. Smythe are in an empty hospital room or offi away from where Marlo can hear them. 84.
58) 2) dialog: No. Well, yeah. She had some depression after our son was born, five years ago. It was pretty bad.
58) 4) dialog: She didn’t want to hold him. She couldn’t look at him. She just wasn’t herself for months. She actually, well, she did try to-- (flustered) Just tell me what’s going on.
58) 6) dialog: Psychosis?
58) 8) dialog: But she’s been amazing! She’s so different this time. Her brother got her a night nanny to help out, and she’s getting sleep...
58) 10) dialog: Oh. How? (surprised) I didn’t know. She seemed better than she’s ever been. (thinking) (MORE )
58) 12) dialog: I mean, there have been a couple of things that were out-of-character, but I just... I just can’t believe she would drive drunk like that. And she just disappeared without telling me. There was no one watching the baby!
58) 14) dialog: Well, yeah, but...
58) 16) dialog: I don’t know where she was. I don’t know anything about her; it was Marlo’s thing. Can I go back in there, please?
58) 18) dialog: Okay.
60) 0) text: Drew walks up to the ADMITTING area, where a female EMPLO surrounded by files taps away on a computer.
60) 1) dialog: Hi. Did you guys need some information on Marlo Moreau? 86.
60) 3) dialog: Yes, yes. He hands the card over. The employee begins typing rapidl her keyboard, and asking questions in the familiar, distracted tone of those who do such work.
60) 5) dialog: 
60) 8) dialog: Um, 8734.
60) 10) dialog: Tully.
62) 0) text: Drew is heading back to Marlo’s room. He passes Tully in hallway as they head in opposite directions. He doesn’t notice her. Of course. 88.
63) 0) text: Drew enters. He sees that Marlo is awake and stops in his tracks.
63) 1) dialog: Hi.
63) 3) dialog: Um. (choked up) I’m sorry.
63) 5) dialog: I’m sorry I let this happen to you.
63) 7) dialog: I know. That’s the problem. I didn’t know what was happening at night! I was just overwhelmed, between the baby, and work, and it seemed like you were doing great.
63) 9) dialog: Fuck that. I don’t need you to be great. I just need you to be you. We love you so much. I’m sorry if you want to run away. I do too. But I don’t, because I love us.
63) 11) dialog: Yeah. You’re in trouble. Marlo nods, painfully. Drew lays his head on her chest. S touches him with her good hand.
63) 12) dialog: Who were you with last night?
63) 14) dialog: Yeah?
63) 16) dialog: Okay.
64) 0) text: Weeks have passed. Marlo walks down the hallway of her ho with a CANE. Her bruises have faded to yellow, but her ar still in a sling. She stops into Sarah’s room. Sarah is laboring over her homework, aS usual. Marlo leans over Sarah’s desk, murmur guidance, then tousles her hair. INT. MARLO AND DREW'S HOUSE (JONAH’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT Marlo moves on down the hallway to Jonah’s room. Jonah si patiently in his pajamas, awaiting his treatment as he do every night. Marlo is there to attend to him. She props h cane against the wall and limps toward him.