6) 39) dialog: Heyyyyyyy! Everyone greets each other. The kids hug Aunt Elyse, who upbeat and affectionate. Elyse’s three kids, DASH, EMMY a GRETA appear, excited to see their cousins.
6) 40) dialog: (to kids) What’s up buddy? Sarah, I’m going to steal those boots right off your feet. So cute.
6) 48) dialog: Shasta’s so awesome. She has a masters degree in Early Childhood Education. I feel like she should be telling me what to do. (then) Marlo, you are glowing. Marlo looks like death warmed over.
6) 50) dialog: What?
6) 52) dialog: The ninth month is tough. I remember I could barely make it to the gym. Come on! INT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (VARIOUS/KITCHEN) - NIGHT Elyse leads Drew and Marlo into the gigantic kitchen, whe Marlo’s brother CRAIG is opening a bottle of wine. Craig charming, gregarious guy. He’s wearing an expensive suit, tie loosened. 15.
6) 58) dialog: When is your due date again?
6) 61) dialog: (to Craig) She could have it in the ofuro! (then) We just got this Japanese soaking tub. It was a gift from Craig’s boss. She shrugs like, isn’t that weird?
6) 63) dialog: You know, I feel like it’s definitely a boy. 16.
6) 68) dialog: Oh, they’re with Shasta. They have their own little kid-friendly spread. Mac and cheese, Kobe sliders, something green...
6) 71) dialog: I know, right? She fiddles with her phone and speaks into it.
6) 72) dialog: Siri. Play Hamilton. Music fills the room via Wi-Fi. Elyse looks pleased with herself for liking hip hop.
6) 75) dialog: You’re going to love it. We love having three. And the third kid is always the easiest. (to Craig) Right? Greta’s so chill.
6) 77) dialog: Yeah, you guys really have your hands full with Jonah. (quickly) I don’t mean that in a bad way. He’s so great.
6) 79) dialog: Oh. Well, that’s awesome. (spinning it) That they’re, you know, recognizing his needs.
6) 81) dialog: Guys, do not help. I got it. She hands a platter to a waiting HOUSEKEEPER.
13) 0) text: Marlo is sitting up in the hospital bed, still wearing a hospital gown and tethered to an I.V. Craig and Elyse are the room. Elyse holds the BABY, making little cooing nois
13) 1) dialog: Marlo, she is your mini. Look at those lips.
13) 4) dialog: (proud) Rent.
13) 7) dialog: Oh. Okay. Surprised, she places the baby in the hospital bassinet. Craig leans in and pats Marlo’s shoulder.
14) 0) text: Craig and Elyse walk to the elevator.
14) 1) dialog: So did you talk to her about the night nanny?
14) 3) dialog: Oh, so she’s judging our choices. Nice. 25. Craig pushes the elevator button.
14) 5) dialog: Wasn’t she also like, totally irresponsible?
14) 7) dialog: Yeah, that wasn't pretty. (then) Maybe you should call Drew and see if he can convince her.
39) 0) text: Marlo sipping her morning latte, takes a deep breath and composes a TEXT to her old friend VIOLET. “This is Marlo Moreau. Wanna be friends again?” Then, she types. “(I£ you'll have me.)” A moment. An ellipses. And then: “Welcome back to the land of the living.” Followed by: “Bitch.” Marlo chuckles to herself, relieved. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING) - DAY Craig and Elyse’s mansion looks even more impressive by d There are a bunch of PINK BALLOONS tied to the mailbox at end of the driveway. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - DAY It’s the perfect sunny spring day for GRETA’S BIRTHDAY PA Of course, Craig and Elyse have gone completely over the There’s a dessert table, pony rides, etc. A DRONE soars above the proceedings, taking video. 54. Jonah is playing with water balloons. Marlo is hanging ou a folding table while Mia sleeps in the car seat. Drew is a few yards away at the BAR. A costumed PRINCESS swishes past him with an armful of PARTY PROPS (wand, bag dress-up clothes, etc.)She accidentally drops her tambour Marlo watches as Drew bends over to help the princess pic her items. They chat for a moment. The princess is basica a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown, but Drew is clea charmed. Craig suddenly and conveniently appears next to Drew and joins the conversation. It’s obvious the two guys are bei extra “on” for the princess, who’s laughing. Marlo can’t but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two m Drew notices Marlo watching with a wry expression and hea back over. Craig reluctantly follows. Marlo clocks Craig Drew's beers.
39) 6) dialog: Yes it was! She winks at Marlo.
39) 7) dialog: Marlo, you look awesome! For real. 55.
39) 9) dialog: Ha ha. How are you doing?
39) 14) dialog: Isn’t it nice to have some help and actually be able to enjoy your kids?
39) 16) dialog: Um... I don’t know. But I’m sure they’re having the best time. Right? I mean look at all this. She takes a sip of wine, embarrassed. Suddenly, Sarah appears, clinging to Marlo.
39) 19) dialog: Why don’t you go see what Princess Hannah’s doing? 56.
39) 32) dialog: Marlo seems really... awake.
39) 37) dialog: Go Marlo! Go Marlo! Craig and Elyse are so entertained by “Fun Marlo” that Dr manages to suppress the nagging feeling of of concern and join the party, so to speak. He smiles tightly.