0) 1) dialog: No.
3) 0) text: A wet spring morning in Rye, New York. Marlo’s dented Hon Fit rolls into the parking lot of ST. VITUS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. INT. MARLO’S CAR - DAY Marlo is behind the wheel. Jonah and Sarah are strapped i booster seats in the back of the car.
3) 1) dialog: This is not our lot.
3) 3) dialog: Go to the other parking lot.
3) 7) dialog: Other lot! Other lot!
3) 8) text: Jonah, don’t. Jonah begins KICKING THE SEAT and SCREAMING. He can’t han any disruption to his routine. He melts down.
3) 9) dialog: No! No! Noooooo!
3) 11) dialog: (screaming) Other lot! Other lot!
4) 0) text: A different, crowded parking lot; Jonah got his way. One pulls out of a spot; Marlo’s car is braked patiently, wai for said spot. Marlo’s car pulls into the spot. INT. MARLO’S CAR - SAME
4) 12) text: Jonah’s sweetheart. We love him. But as you know, he’s an “out-of- the-box” kid. He’s quirky. Marlo nods, subtly lip-syncing the word “quirky” as Lauri says it. It’s a euphemism that comes up a lot regarding Jonah. LAURIE (CONT’D) There are twenty-four other children in the class, and it’s not fair to them when Jonah needs so much of the teacher’s time. Marlo’s response is eager, desperate.
6) 22) dialog: Is the dog going to be out? 12.
6) 30) dialog: Is that Uncle Craig's electric car?
6) 35) dialog: Really? 13.
16) 0) text: Marlo nurses the baby alone. The T.V. flickers in the dar living room. It could be 2:00 am, could be 4:00. Time doe exist anymore. The living room is temporarily “baby central.” There’s a portable BASSINET (known in parental circles as a Pack n’ Play), a pile of diapers and a makeshift CHANGING STATION a chair. Marlo closes her eyes. She opens them. Her arms are empty THE BABY IS GONE. She leaps to her feet, panics. Scans the floor. Runs to t kitchen. She hears a coo coming from the kitchen sink. A baby's arm, waving. What is the baby doing in the sink? Marlo opens her eyes. The baby is in her arms, still nurs It was a dream, a weird one. 27. Through a series of dissolves, we see a MONTAGE of endles grinding, exhausting DAYS and NIGHTS of baby care. We nev leave the living room. Marlo sleeps on the couch with a blanket and pillow-- when she gets to sleep. Marlo is suddenly DRIVING HER CAR. Jonah is inexplicably illegally) sitting in the front seat. Marlo glances in th rear view and sees the BABY lying in the back seat. She S on the brakes, gasping. She looks over at Jonah, who has turned into a DISAPPROVING OLDER WOMAN. (Her mother?) Marlo suddenly wakes up, in her makeshift bed on the couc The baby is in her arms. What time is it? Hard to say. Dr in a suit and tie, enters to kiss the baby goodbye and he to work. He looks so polished. Marlo, so feral. Marlo paces, nurses, feeds. Her clothes change, but they’ all the same variation on T-shirt and sweat pants. Marlo is lying on the floor of a FOREST, gazing up at the sky. It's peaceful for a moment. Someone POKES her with a stick in the shoulder. Poke. Poke. Poke. Poke. Marlo wakes up. She’s fallen asleep sitting up. Jonah is repeatedly poking her in the shoulder with a TOY LIGHT SA Later: Jonah and Sarah are watching cartoons. Sarah tries snuggle up to her mom, who barely responds. Marlo stares blankly at Barbie’s Mermaid Adventure. Her e brim with TEARS.
17) 0) text: Marlo walks down the hallway with Jonah like a zombie. Sh carries the baby’s INFANT CAR SEAT by its handle; it has muslin blanket draped over it so we can’t see the baby. T arrive at his KINDERGARTEN CLASSROOM.
19) 1) dialog: Daddy! We hear the FRONT DOOR open. The kids get up and run to t door to greet Drew, thrilled to finally get some attentio A suit-clad Drew walks in, flanked by Sarah and Jonah.
19) 3) dialog: Fine with me. It’s your rule. He walks to the kitchen table and sits. the plates and sits down. The kids take their places. He laughs,
24) 0) text: Marlo wanders downstairs. She gasps. The house is IMMACUL Almost unrecognizable. The kitchen GLEAMS. There are YELL DAFFODILS picked from the back yard, arranged in a vase. Marlo walks over to the bassinet. Mia is swaddled neatly she stirs. Jonah emerges behind Marlo, bleary-eyed in his pajamas.
24) 1) dialog: Is it a school day or a family day?
24) 3) dialog: Why is it clean?
25) 0) text: Marlo and Drew walk through a LOCAL PARK while Sarah runs ahead in her SOCCER UNIFORM and Jonah rides a scooter.
29) 0) text: 6:00 AM. Marlo comes downstairs, bleary eyed. She carries Jonah; he’s almost too big to be held, but he still fits.
29) 3) dialog: Mom! Did you make these? They’re funny!
29) 5) dialog: Yes! For my friends! He hugs Marlo’s leg happily. Heartbreaking. INT. SAINT VITUS SCHOOL (JONAH’S CLASSROOM) - DAY Marlo, looking unusually bright and put-together, walks J into his classroom. She “wears” Mia in a comfy-looking WR a far cry from the car seat she carried her in during the last time we saw her at school. Class hasn’t started yet, but around ten KIDS scamper aro socializing. Marlo peels the foil back from the tray, flashing the cupcakes at Jonah’s teacher, MRS. MARVISH.
30) 0) text: Marlo, Drew, Sarah and Jonah eat a home-cooked meal. Marl wears Mia in a sling and chats animatedly about the day’s events.
30) 8) dialog: What is it?
34) 0) text: Marlo cuts the loaf of FRESHLY BAKED BREAD and serves it Sarah and Jonah with butter and jam.
35) 0) text: Marlo fills out I.E.P. PAPERWORK for Jonah while Tully re a large REFERENCE BOOK called How to Advocate for Your Special Needs Child. Tully points out a passage to Marlo and they discuss. Mar reaches for a YELLOW MARKER and HIGHLIGHTS a sentence.
39) 0) text: Marlo sipping her morning latte, takes a deep breath and composes a TEXT to her old friend VIOLET. “This is Marlo Moreau. Wanna be friends again?” Then, she types. “(I£ you'll have me.)” A moment. An ellipses. And then: “Welcome back to the land of the living.” Followed by: “Bitch.” Marlo chuckles to herself, relieved. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING) - DAY Craig and Elyse’s mansion looks even more impressive by d There are a bunch of PINK BALLOONS tied to the mailbox at end of the driveway. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - DAY It’s the perfect sunny spring day for GRETA’S BIRTHDAY PA Of course, Craig and Elyse have gone completely over the There’s a dessert table, pony rides, etc. A DRONE soars above the proceedings, taking video. 54. Jonah is playing with water balloons. Marlo is hanging ou a folding table while Mia sleeps in the car seat. Drew is a few yards away at the BAR. A costumed PRINCESS swishes past him with an armful of PARTY PROPS (wand, bag dress-up clothes, etc.)She accidentally drops her tambour Marlo watches as Drew bends over to help the princess pic her items. They chat for a moment. The princess is basica a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown, but Drew is clea charmed. Craig suddenly and conveniently appears next to Drew and joins the conversation. It’s obvious the two guys are bei extra “on” for the princess, who’s laughing. Marlo can’t but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two m Drew notices Marlo watching with a wry expression and hea back over. Craig reluctantly follows. Marlo clocks Craig Drew's beers.
42) 24) dialog: I had a dream about a camel. Marlo pulls him onto her lap.
42) 26) dialog: No, I was in my house.
42) 28) dialog: Yes!
42) 30) dialog: But the last time we tried that, he only had one ear.
64) 0) text: Weeks have passed. Marlo walks down the hallway of her ho with a CANE. Her bruises have faded to yellow, but her ar still in a sling. She stops into Sarah’s room. Sarah is laboring over her homework, aS usual. Marlo leans over Sarah’s desk, murmur guidance, then tousles her hair. INT. MARLO AND DREW'S HOUSE (JONAH’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT Marlo moves on down the hallway to Jonah’s room. Jonah si patiently in his pajamas, awaiting his treatment as he do every night. Marlo is there to attend to him. She props h cane against the wall and limps toward him.
64) 3) dialog: Mom, is this real? Marlo pauses.
64) 5) dialog: Does it work? We do it every night but I’m not sure what it’s supposed to do. Marlo thinks about it.
64) 7) dialog: I like being by you. Marlo smiles.
64) 9) dialog: And it feels nice, I guess.
64) 11) dialog: But we can just be together. We don’t have to do the brush. I kind of don’t think it’s real.
64) 13) dialog: I love you. The SONG ends.
64) 15) dialog: Can you play the song again?
64) 17) dialog: Yes, silly mommy. Always the same one. Marlo leans over to the CD player. She presses “play” on track again, starting the song. Then she presses “repeat,” ensuring that Jonah will hear as many times he wants. Jonah and Marlo rock back in forth in an embrace as Major counts down again, for the hundredth time, the thousandth