0) 0) dialog: Hold still, Jonah. She moves to the other side, running the brush down the o arm, gently pressing the soft bristles into his skin. MARLO (CONT’D) There we go. Let’s do feet now. Sit down. Jonah sits down. He casually grabs his crotch and holds o MARLO (CONT’D) Do you need to go to the bathroom? Jonah continues holding himself.
0) 2) dialog: Just being your own best friend, huh? Jonah nods blithely.
0) 3) dialog: Okay. She resumes brushing, gently running the bristles over th soles of Jonah’s BARE FEET.
1) 0) text: Marlo heads into another bedroom, equally small but more feminine. SARAH, 8, is sitting at a small desk, looking irritated with her homework.
1) 3) dialog: Let me see. (reading) “In Chapter Three of I Hate Rules, Katie Kazoo decides that there should be no more rules at school. What are the consequences?”
1) 5) dialog: Things get out of hand, don’t they?
1) 7) dialog: How about George? He ate ten desserts and then what happened? Sarah plays with her hair, distracted.
1) 8) dialog: I’m not going to write this for you, Sares. Sarah puts her head down on the desk dramatically. She BA it twice. Marlo stares at her daughter wearily. Sarah bangs her head a THIRD TIME for good measure.
2) 0) text: Marlo walks into the kitchen. It’s small and there are a boxes of assorted ENERGY BARS propped open on the already cluttered counters. Marlo Grabs two LUNCH BOXES off the counter. Then, she reaches for her PHONE and plugs a set EARBUDS into it. She picks a song. MUSIC UP: “Blue” by the Jayhawks. As the music plays, Marlo begins makes two LUNCHES for Jo and Sarah. Finally, an escape from the children, even if she’s still servicing them. She places two different sandwiches into plastic bento b She pours Goldfish crackers from a Costco-sized container into two of the compartments. She cuts on the diagonal. Marlo’s husband DREW enters. He’s a slightly nerdy softwa engineer in a Doctor Who T-shirt. Marlo pulls out her earbuds. Her private moment is over abruptly. Without missing a beat, Drew begins filling Thermoses and slicing the green tops off the strawberries. Marlo and Dr are a well-oiled machine. Their childcare routines are choreographed like ballet.
2) 2) dialog: Did you bring Sarah her inhaler?
2) 4) dialog: Roger wilco. Hey, don’t forget, we're going to my brother’s for dinner tomorrow night.
2) 6) dialog: Craig doesn’t hate you. He just hangs out with i-bankers all day, so his default setting is “ass.”
2) 8) dialog: No. (then) But, I bet he can’t wait to show us his new Tesla! They switch to stupid, deep “bro” voices to imitate Craig
2) 10) text: “It’s soooo sick! Look how I plug it in.” They bond briefly over making fun of Craig. MARLO (CONT’D) “I don’t just look cool, I’m single- handedly saving the planet.”
3) 0) text: A wet spring morning in Rye, New York. Marlo’s dented Hon Fit rolls into the parking lot of ST. VITUS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. INT. MARLO’S CAR - DAY Marlo is behind the wheel. Jonah and Sarah are strapped i booster seats in the back of the car.
3) 2) dialog: What?
3) 4) dialog: The other parking lot’s full, honey. We have to park here today.
3) 6) dialog: Jonah, I have to meet with Mrs. Bell in... (checking) negative three minutes. Please let’s just park here.
3) 13) dialog: (to Sarah) You know how he is with his routine. He doesn’t like when we do things differently.
3) 15) dialog: Jonah, the other lot is full. There’s nowhere to park. (desperate) Jesus Christ. Please.
4) 0) text: A different, crowded parking lot; Jonah got his way. One pulls out of a spot; Marlo’s car is braked patiently, wai for said spot. Marlo’s car pulls into the spot. INT. MARLO’S CAR - SAME
4) 1) dialog: (to Jonah) All right, you happy? Jonah nods, tear-stained. INT. SCHOOL (PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE) - DAY Marlo enters the PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE, flustered. MRS. BELL a.k.a. LAURIE, waits at her desk.
4) 2) dialog: Hi Laurie. I’m sorry I’m late. (lying) Regent was backed-up for blocks.
4) 4) dialog: Yeah. Friday was my last day. Marlo stands awkwardly in front of the desk, forcing a bi fake expectant smile. This is her “school persona.”
4) 5) dialog: Such a blessing.
4) 7) dialog: Kindergarten’s a tough transition.
4) 9) dialog: (sheepish) Yeah.
4) 11) dialog: What? Laurie nods at Marlo’s huge belly: duh. MARLO (CONT’D) Oh, yeah.
4) 12) text: Jonah’s sweetheart. We love him. But as you know, he’s an “out-of- the-box” kid. He’s quirky. Marlo nods, subtly lip-syncing the word “quirky” as Lauri says it. It’s a euphemism that comes up a lot regarding Jonah. LAURIE (CONT’D) There are twenty-four other children in the class, and it’s not fair to them when Jonah needs so much of the teacher’s time. Marlo’s response is eager, desperate.
4) 13) dialog: We’re working on the meltdowns at home. And we’re doing these exercises and all this stuff. I just made this chart--
4) 15) dialog: Is the aide someone on staff here?
4) 17) dialog: Oh, so I have to go out and get AIDS all by myself. She chuckles dryly at her own joke. Laurie doesn’t catch
4) 19) dialog: I’m paying to get AIDS!
4) 21) dialog: Right. Okay.
4) 23) dialog: Thank you, Laurie. I really, really appreciate it. I want to make this work.
5) 0) text: With the kids dropped off and a temporary reprieve from w Marlo enters the local COFFEE PLACE on the town’s main dr She heads to the counter.
5) 1) dialog: I’ll have a decaf skim latte please. An OLDER FEMALE CUSTOMER behind Marlo pipes up.
5) 3) dialog: Huh? The women gestures to Marlo’s PREGNANT BELLY. MARLO (CONT’D) Oh, yeah.
5) 8) dialog: This is my third as well.
5) 10) dialog: What?
5) 12) dialog: Yes. My kids are miniature. And my son actually came out with the Starbucks logo burned into his ass like a cattle brand.
5) 14) dialog: Yeah. Give me the one that causes cancer in rats. The barista shrugs and tosses four PINK PACKETS at Marlo.
6) 0) text: Marlo, seated at a table, takes a voracious bite of a gia MUFFIN. She drinks her latte. Suddenly--
6) 2) dialog: vi? 10.
6) 4) dialog: You said it. They stare at each other for a moment, stunned. MARLO (CONT’D) What are you doing in Rye?
6) 6) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry.
6) 8) dialog: Jesus. What was that?
6) 11) dialog: I hate social media.
6) 13) dialog: Ha. Well, I live here in town. Still married to Drew. Two kids. Nothing’s changed. 11.
6) 16) dialog: The same one? 718?
6) 18) dialog: (surprised) What? You’re still at the loft?
6) 20) dialog: (to the kids) Are you guys excited to see your cousins?
6) 24) dialog: What is that dog’s name again?
6) 26) dialog: I want to kill myself.
6) 29) dialog: Beep-beep. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Marlo’s older brother CRAIG lives in a newly constructed “French”-style mansion with a motor court and fountain. I incredibly grand compared to Marlo and Craig’s little rambler. Jonah spots Craig’s new car.
6) 34) dialog: You wouldn’t want one. They catch on fire all the time. Drew snorts at Marlo’s lie.
6) 36) dialog: Yeah, like five kids died in one last week. It burst into flames while they were on their way to see the Easter Bunny at Monmouth Mall.
6) 38) dialog: Don’t get too close to it. INT./EXT CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ENTRY) - NIGHT Drew knocks on the oversized front door. It swings open. Reveal ELYSE, Marlo’s smiling sister-in-law, who is whipp thin and gorgeous in a cashmere sweater and jeans. An expensive-looking DOG barks behind her.
6) 49) dialog: Really? I feel like an abandoned trash barge.
6) 51) dialog: In the eighties there was this giant boat full of garbage that just drifted up and down the East Coast for weeks. They couldn’t figure out where to dump it. Eventually, they docked the boat in Brooklyn and burned all the trash. Elyse hesitates, then laughs cheerfully.
6) 55) dialog: I have my own hug-buffer now.
6) 59) dialog: Monday.
6) 62) dialog: My boss once bought me a cup of soup. I paid him back. Elyse assesses Marlo’s belly.
6) 66) dialog: Yep. INT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (DINING ROOM) - NIGHT Marlo, Craig and Drew walk into the dining room, holding drinks and chatting. The table is gorgeous and rustic, wi flickering candles and artfully mismatched plates and goblets. It’s perfect without trying too hard. Marlo noti that there are only four place settings at the table.
6) 67) dialog: Where are the kids going to sit?
6) 74) dialog: Oh. Yeah. It’s crazy.
6) 76) dialog: Chill would be nice.
6) 80) dialog: Oh yeah, they’re all over it. INT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT Elyse enters the kitchen, protesting as Drew and Marlo attempt to carry in the dirty serving dishes.
6) 82) dialog: Let me at least put this away. 18.
6) 84) dialog: I saw the Tesla.
6) 87) dialog: It’s like I’ve been transported to another room of your house.
6) 89) dialog: Tahiti?
6) 92) dialog: Is it money?
6) 94) dialog: Okay... 19.
6) 97) dialog: How does that work? Does this lady breast-feed? Jesus, there’s nothing you people won’t outsource.
6) 99) dialog: Why have a baby if you’re not willing to put in the time? Sleep deprivation is part of the deal. Besides, I don’t want some stranger in my house bonding with my newborn at night. That’s like a Lifetime movie where the nanny tries to kill the mom and the mom wins but still walks with a cane for the rest of her life.
6) 101) dialog: You did? I don’t remember that.
6) 105) dialog: Craig, you didn’t hire one of these people for me, did you? Craig’s tone becomes more serious.
6) 108) dialog: Craig, don't...
6) 110) dialog: (over) It won’t happen. Just stop.
6) 116) dialog: How much money does this cost?
6) 118) dialog: (mid-rant) .»-I mean, I understand having a cleaning lady or a babysitter or whatever if you can afford it. But the “night nanny” thing just sounds crazy. Like, what is this, Downton Abbey?
6) 120) dialog: You don’t wake up anyway. Her observation is matter-of-fact, not hostile. 22.
6) 122) dialog: Yeah, that’s true.
6) 124) dialog: I’m fine with doing it myself anyway. You need to be rested for work. This is a big year for you. As she recites this, she’s fixated on the young crowd.
6) 126) dialog: Of course. He notices that she’s spaced-out.
6) 128) dialog: What?
7) 0) text: The lights are off. Drew sleeps. Marlo is lying in bed, wrestling with a huge snakelike body pillow. She can’t ge comfortable. She settles for a moment. We hear a distinct POP. Marlo’s eyes open. Marlo gets up and walks to the bathroom. From her P.O.V., see WATER dribbling onto the floor with every step. It’s the dramatic scene we see in movies, just a tiny dribble. it’s unmistakable. 23.
8) 0) text: A disoriented Drew drives to the hospital. Marlo rides quietly in the passenger seat.
9) 0) text: Drew holds Marlo’s hand while an ANESTHESIOLOGIST who loo sixteen years old injects an EPIDURAL into her spine.
10) 0) text: Marlo watches E! News on TV in her hospital bed.
11) 0) text: Marlo lies on her side checking her phone.
12) 0) text: Marlo is pushing out her baby. A DOCTOR and a couple of NURSES are there. Drew stands by taking video with his ph A not-particularly-meaningful SONG plays on someone’s iPo The doctor is laid-back, almost distracted.
13) 0) text: Marlo is sitting up in the hospital bed, still wearing a hospital gown and tethered to an I.V. Craig and Elyse are the room. Elyse holds the BABY, making little cooing nois
13) 3) dialog: What show is it? 24.
13) 6) dialog: You can just put her in the bassinet.
15) 0) text: Marlo sits on the toilet in the cramped bathroom while a motherly RUSSIAN NURSE encourages her.
15) 2) dialog: It’s just not coming out.
15) 4) dialog: There. She struggles to stand up. The nurse glances into the bow 26.
15) 6) dialog: Why is this so important?
15) 8) dialog: I peed. Why don’t you believe me? It’s in there, I swear. Run a test or something. (angry) How much do you fucking need? Do I have to spray it all over the room? You want a golden shower?
15) 10) dialog: No. She needs me. I’m the only one who can do it. She staggers out of the bathroom toward her baby.
16) 0) text: Marlo nurses the baby alone. The T.V. flickers in the dar living room. It could be 2:00 am, could be 4:00. Time doe exist anymore. The living room is temporarily “baby central.” There’s a portable BASSINET (known in parental circles as a Pack n’ Play), a pile of diapers and a makeshift CHANGING STATION a chair. Marlo closes her eyes. She opens them. Her arms are empty THE BABY IS GONE. She leaps to her feet, panics. Scans the floor. Runs to t kitchen. She hears a coo coming from the kitchen sink. A baby's arm, waving. What is the baby doing in the sink? Marlo opens her eyes. The baby is in her arms, still nurs It was a dream, a weird one. 27. Through a series of dissolves, we see a MONTAGE of endles grinding, exhausting DAYS and NIGHTS of baby care. We nev leave the living room. Marlo sleeps on the couch with a blanket and pillow-- when she gets to sleep. Marlo is suddenly DRIVING HER CAR. Jonah is inexplicably illegally) sitting in the front seat. Marlo glances in th rear view and sees the BABY lying in the back seat. She S on the brakes, gasping. She looks over at Jonah, who has turned into a DISAPPROVING OLDER WOMAN. (Her mother?) Marlo suddenly wakes up, in her makeshift bed on the couc The baby is in her arms. What time is it? Hard to say. Dr in a suit and tie, enters to kiss the baby goodbye and he to work. He looks so polished. Marlo, so feral. Marlo paces, nurses, feeds. Her clothes change, but they’ all the same variation on T-shirt and sweat pants. Marlo is lying on the floor of a FOREST, gazing up at the sky. It's peaceful for a moment. Someone POKES her with a stick in the shoulder. Poke. Poke. Poke. Poke. Marlo wakes up. She’s fallen asleep sitting up. Jonah is repeatedly poking her in the shoulder with a TOY LIGHT SA Later: Jonah and Sarah are watching cartoons. Sarah tries snuggle up to her mom, who barely responds. Marlo stares blankly at Barbie’s Mermaid Adventure. Her e brim with TEARS.
17) 0) text: Marlo walks down the hallway with Jonah like a zombie. Sh carries the baby’s INFANT CAR SEAT by its handle; it has muslin blanket draped over it so we can’t see the baby. T arrive at his KINDERGARTEN CLASSROOM.
17) 1) dialog: (distracted) Love you. Jonah jumps up and down and licks Marlo’s sleeve, clingin her. She manages to detach him.
17) 2) dialog: Okay. Okay. Jonah dashes into his classroom. Marlo continues down the hallway. 28. INT. SAINT VITUS SCHOOL (PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE) - DAY Laurie is seated at her desk, drinking coffee and pushing paper. Marlo enters, escorted by a MALE SECRETARY.
17) 3) dialog: Hi.
17) 5) dialog: Why? Laurie gestures to the car seat warmly. MARLO (CONT’D) Oh, yeah. Marlo sits down in front of the principal’s desk and plac the car seat on the floor. Laurie obviously finds it a li odd that Marlo doesn’t want to show off or talk about the baby, but says nothing. She comes around to Marlo’s side the desk and sits in the other chair there.
17) 7) dialog: We're getting him the aide. The one- one aide. We just have to figure out how we’re going to pay... Her voice trails off. She’s sick of talking about it.
17) 9) dialog: I know Jonah is only here because of them.
17) 11) dialog: No, I know. They’re big donors and they called in a favor. Now Laurie is uncomfortable. She takes a deep breath.
17) 13) dialog: You’re expelling him?
17) 15) dialog: Oh.
17) 17) dialog: What does that mean, “kids like Jonah?”
17) 19) dialog: (interrupting) What is this “quirky” thing everyone keeps saying? (officious voice) “Parenting Your Quirky Child.” It’s so stupid. What does it mean? It’s like, do I have a kid or a fucking ukelele? Why can’t you say what you mean, which is that you think Jonah is retarded? And he’s ruining it for all the other kids in the class who are reading like, The Iliad or whatever? (MORE )
17) 21) dialog: Sorry about my retarded son. Oh, I’m sorry, quirky. Because he’s a pocket watch. Fuck. This. She stands up and grabs the baby carrier. Mrs. Bell is alarmed.
17) 23) dialog: Just say what you mean. You hate my kid. You hate us. The secretary appears, having overheard the skirmish.
17) 25) dialog: Don’t touch me, Dallas.
17) 28) dialog: Oh, I leave like this every day; you just don’t know it. This is the real me, when I’m not licking your asshole. Surprise! Marlo turns and accidentally SLAMS the unwieldy car seat against the frame of the door. We hear the baby SQUEAL. Laurie and the secretary gasp. MARLO (CONT’D) She's FINE. She manages to exit, leaving the stunned pair in her wake
18) 0) text: Marlo steps up into her van and manages to snap the baby’ car seat into its base. She climbs into the driver's seat and stares into space, breathing heavily. The baby begins CRYING in the back seat. 31. Marlo climbs into the backseat. She finds a pacifier in t baby’s seat and sucks on it to “clean” it.
18) 1) dialog: Here. The baby rejects the pacifier. MARLO (CONT’D) (desperate) Take it. Just take it. The baby finally starts sucking. Marlo collapses in the unoccupied captain’s chair next to the baby. Now it’s Mar turn to burst into TEARS. Her shoulders heave. Marlo makes a decision. She crawls down onto the floor of van and searches for something. There’s a lot of garbage family detritus. Then, under the driver’s seat, she finds what she’s looking for. She unfolds the PIECE OF PAPER with shaking hands. MARLO (CONT’D) (reading) Tully.
19) 0) text: The kids are watching TV. Marlo takes a FROZEN PIZZA out the oven and slaps it down on a cutting board. She drains some broccoli from a pot on the stove and divides it on t two plates. Just going through the motions.
19) 4) dialog: So, uh, I decided to call that night nanny.
19) 6) dialog: What?
19) 8) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. I wouldn’t want you to sustain a bruise to your ego. That’s cool. I‘1l just cancel. I’1l just cancel and make another pot of coffee. We’re good.
19) 12) dialog: She’s coming tonight at 10:30. 32. Marlo comes over with Jonah knocks over a GLASS OF MILK. It spills directly ont Marlo’s shirt and lap, but she doesn’t flinch.
20) 0) text: Marlo sits in the dimly lit living room, holding the baby She watches HBO’s Cathouse with the closed-captioning on. Onscreen, a naked PROSTITUTE negotiates with a john. The is a wreck. We hear a soft KNOCK. Marlo gets up and hurries quietly t the door with the baby on her shoulder. She opens the doo revealing TULLY, the night nurse, standing there bathed i porch light.
20) 2) dialog: Hi.
20) 4) dialog: Yes.
20) 7) dialog: You mean the baby?
20) 9) dialog: Her name is Mia. Tully is examining the baby, who is snuggled against Marl shoulder. We see the baby’s FACE for the first time. Her are open. She is beautiful.
20) 11) dialog: It was my mother’s name. I always said I would use it. But now it’s really popular, I guess. She shrugs as if apologizing for her choice.
20) 13) dialog: What?
20) 15) dialog: It is. (then) How old are you? Tully smiles. Marlo checks herself. MARLO (CONT’D) I’m sorry; I just wasn’t expecting--
20) 17) dialog: So, how does this work?
20) 19) dialog: I have no idea. Tully strides confidently into the house proper. Marlo follows behind her, as if being led into her own home.
20) 21) dialog: I thought you were here to take care of the baby.
20) 25) dialog: I feel like I don’t know her at all yet.
20) 27) dialog: Okay. They’re standing in the KITCHEN now. 36.
20) 29) dialog: Don’t I need to show you what to do?
20) 31) dialog: Yes.
20) 33) dialog: There’s a bassinet in the den.
20) 35) dialog: Okay. See you soon. Tully smiles kindly.
20) 37) dialog: Hm?
20) 39) dialog: Right. Samuel Pepys. She turns, shaking her head, and heads toward the stairs. Tully looks down at Mia, now awake, and smiles beatifical 37.
21) 0) text: Marlo enters the bedroom. Drew is in bed. The lights are He wears a GAMING HEADSET as he plays SKYRIM on his Xbox. pulls off his headset when he sees Marlo, surprised.
21) 2) dialog: The night nanny is here.
21) 4) dialog: (whispering) Weird.
21) 6) dialog: She’s weird.
21) 8) dialog: Yeah.
22) 0) text: Marlo is standing at the edge of the ocean in a bikini. H body is beautiful, like it used to be. She runs her hands over her flat belly. 38. She looks down and sees MIA lying on the sand, alert and kicking.
22) 1) dialog: (to Mia) Don't go anywhere. She walks into the ocean. It's beautiful. The sun shines the water. Marlo ducks under. Suddenly, she's in a deep swimming poo She swims down, down. We hear the song “Blue” again, but a muffled, underwater version. The floor of the pool is strewn with TOYS and random detritus, like an empty FROZEN PIZZA BOX. There's a MERMAID down there. Her hair undulates like kel The mermaid turns around smiles at her. It's TULLY. The T mermaid swims up to Marlo.
22) 3) dialog: What?
23) 0) text: Marlo opens her eyes. Tully is standing over her, holding and speaking softly.
24) 0) text: Marlo wanders downstairs. She gasps. The house is IMMACUL Almost unrecognizable. The kitchen GLEAMS. There are YELL DAFFODILS picked from the back yard, arranged in a vase. Marlo walks over to the bassinet. Mia is swaddled neatly she stirs. Jonah emerges behind Marlo, bleary-eyed in his pajamas.
24) 2) dialog: It’s Sunday. It’s a family day. Jonah looks around the room, confused.
24) 4) dialog: I don't know.
25) 0) text: Marlo and Drew walk through a LOCAL PARK while Sarah runs ahead in her SOCCER UNIFORM and Jonah rides a scooter.
25) 2) dialog: Yes. She brought Mia to me to nurse and she just sort of sat in the shadows and waited for me to finish. 40.
25) 4) dialog: Maybe she’s nocturnal. Like an owl.
25) 9) dialog: The nanny just seems so serene. Like she really enjoys taking care of people.
25) 11) dialog: Right? INT. Marlo AND DREW'S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM/ENTRY) - NIGHT Marlo is watching Cathouse again and holding Mia. We hear Tully’s soft, signature knock. Marlo hurries to the door. A smiling Tully, casually attired in a Jayhawks T-shirt, stands on the threshold with her backpack.
25) 13) dialog: Hi. Hey, I just wanted to thank you for cleaning the house. You really, really didn’t have to do that.
25) 15) dialog: (WTF )
25) 16) text: Oh, all right. As they enter the den, Marlo realizes that she has forgot to turn off the television. A client and a topless hooker interacting on Cathouse. MARLO (CONT’D) Oh, God! I’m sorry. Embarrassed, she reaches for the remote. Tully stops her.
25) 18) dialog: It’s an old reality show. It’s called Cathouse.
25) 20) dialog: Um, the goings-on at a legal whorehouse in Nevada. Just, you know, day-to-day operations. Tully looks at the smiling BLONDE onscreen.
25) 22) dialog: That’s Air Force Amy.
25) 24) dialog: No... I’m going to turn this off. 42.
25) 26) dialog: I’m not enjoying it. It just happened to be on... She realizes she’s hit pause on the RECORDING she’s made.
25) 27) dialog: --.my DVR.
25) 29) dialog: I’m just not used to being served, I guess.
25) 31) dialog: Okay. Well, I’m just going to go upstairs and watch a movie with Drew. Tully has scooped up a cooing Mia.
25) 33) dialog: We’re not loud. I mean, that’s fine. Tully holds Mia up in Marlo’s face.
25) 35) dialog: In what way? 43.
26) 0) text: Drew is watching Orphan Black on Netflix. Marlo pulls out iPad from under the bed and immediately starts tapping aw Marlo and Drew don’t acknowledge each other.
27) 0) text: Marlo wakes up. She massages her breasts; they’re uncomfortably full. The clock on the night stand reads 2: am.
28) 0) text: Marlo walks into the living room. Tully is perched on a chair, holding Mia as she sleeps. She smiles at Marlo.
28) 2) dialog: Hey. I think I need to nurse her. I feel like I’m going to explode. She subtly indicates her engorged boobs.
28) 5) dialog: Yes, she’s a barnacle.
28) 8) dialog: I don’t know?
28) 11) dialog: Huh? Yeah, she looks a lot like Sarah. My daughter.
28) 13) dialog: Well, Sarah’s eight. She’s getting to this age where she can be really hard on herself. And that makes me nervous, because it doesn’t get better for girls, you know?
28) 15) dialog: And my son Jonah... well, he’s pretty great. But he’s exhausting. He all these weird behaviors and anxieties. We have to brush him. Like, I have to brush his body at night. Like a horse.
28) 17) dialog: Well, a therapist told us that it’s supposed to reduce his sensitivities to everyday things. (sheepish) (MORE )
28) 19) dialog: We can’t afford to take him to a therapist anymore, so I just watched YouTube and learned the exercises. It’s called the “Wilbarger Brush Protocol.”
28) 21) dialog: Right? It sounds like a Tom Cruise movie, except shitty and kind of sad. Anyway, it’s my fault he has all these issues.
28) 23) dialog: 
28) 26) dialog: Yeah, you'd be “amazed” by how much I suck.
28) 28) dialog: Well, I know moms who are really amazing. They organize the class parties and “Casino Night,” and they make little cupcakes with googly-eyes. All that stuff.
28) 30) dialog: But I want to be the cupcake mom. I used to love to bake. But now I’m so exhausted. Even getting dressed feels like work. (MORE )
28) 32) dialog: Every morning I open my closet and think “Didn’t I just do this?” And that continues for the rest of the day. “Didn’t I just do this?” My life is like stuck on repeat mode.
28) 34) dialog: You’re like a book of fun facts for unpopular fourth graders.
28) 36) dialog: I’m the office manager at a company that makes protein bars. I have a useless degree in Philosophy, so now I write emails letting people know they can’t wear Crocs on “casual Friday.” Or sometimes, you know, I’1l make a sign for the ladies room that says “Please stop flushing tampons. Your bitch- missiles are clogging the pipes. XO, Marlo.” It’s deeply fulfilling.
28) 38) dialog: That’s the problem. I don’t know. If I had some big dream that never came true, I could at least be pissed off at the world. Instead, I’m just pissed off at myself.
28) 40) dialog: Yeah.
28) 42) dialog: Thanks for the, uh, interview. It was cathartic. We sense that it really was.
28) 45) dialog: (turning) Hm?
28) 47) dialog: No one’s treated my “hole” ina long time.
29) 0) text: 6:00 AM. Marlo comes downstairs, bleary eyed. She carries Jonah; he’s almost too big to be held, but he still fits.
29) 1) dialog: Are we going to have a good day today? Jonah MEOWS in response. MARLO (CONT’D) Oh, you're a kitty? Marlo sees something on the counter: it’s a tray of WHIMS CUPCAKES with GOOGLY EYES. They’re beautifully decorated, even Pinterest-worthy. 48.
29) 2) dialog: What the f...? Jonah scampers over to the cupcakes, delighted.
29) 4) dialog: They sure are. She picks one up, admiring the craftsmanship. MARLO (CONT’D) You want to take these to school?
29) 6) dialog: Okay if we brought in a treat? They’re nut-free. The handful of KIDS in the classroom roar with approval. even runs up and hugs Jonah, who beams. But Mrs. Marvish seems oddly skittish.
29) 8) dialog: No occasion. I just love to bake. Marlo reads Mrs. Marvish’s nervous expression. MARLO (CONT’D) Oh... You heard about... it’s fine. I get it. No hard feelings about Jonah or anything. (MORE )
29) 9) text: MARLO (CONT’D) In fact, I kind of made these as a peace offering. You know, I’m going to bring one to Mrs. Bell, since she’s the one I... Marlo plucks a cupcake from the tray as she stammers this nervous apology.
29) 11) dialog: Have a good day! INT. SAINT VITUS SCHOOL (PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE) - DAY Laurie’s office door is open; she’s discussing something her secretary, Dallas. Marlo knocks on the door frame. Wh Laurie and Dallas see Marlo, they both BLANCH from fear. Dallas practically jumps a foot.
29) 12) dialog: Hi. (off their expressions) Don’t freak out. I’m here to apologize for the other day. I brought an olive branch of sorts. Actually it’s a strawberry cupcake with cream cheese frosting but who wants a actual olive branch, right? No thanks! Bleh. She tentatively places the cupcake on Laurie’s desk. MARLO (CONT’D) Sorry I only brought one, Dallas. Anyway, um, I was totally out of line the other day. I had a little touch of the “baby blues” and I think my hormones just got the better of me. But I have help now.
29) 14) dialog: And I understand about Jonah. Sometimes it’s just not the right fit.
29) 16) text: Public school. Free of charge, free of Jesus! She grins triumphantly. Laurie is not sure what to make o Marlo’s manic humor, but she smiles back.
29) 17) dialog: Anyway, you guys have a great day.
30) 0) text: Marlo, Drew, Sarah and Jonah eat a home-cooked meal. Marl wears Mia in a sling and chats animatedly about the day’s events.
30) 1) dialog: (rambling) ...so then I stopped by the Department of Education and they told me the public schools provide free occupational therapy for any kid who qualifies! You just have to get something called an I.E.P, but the evaluation for that is free too, and I already called Early Intervention to schedule it. So this could wind up being better for Jonah than St. Vitus ever was.
30) 3) dialog: I’m just energized, I guess. Craig was right. Sometimes you just need an extra pair of hands.
30) 5) dialog: It’s so easy to roast a chicken. You just stick some lemons in the cavity, salt, pepper, and you’re good to go.
30) 9) dialog: It’s just a big, gaping hole where the chicken’s guts used to be.
30) 11) dialog: You’re right, Sarah, it’s murder. Drew laughs. And Marlo smiles, too.
31) 0) text: It’s night again. Marlo cruises to the door in SLOW-MOTIO dreamy, pulling it open. There she is, as reliable and radiant as the sun: Tully.
33) 0) text: Different outfits, different night. Tully and Marlo make homemade BREAD together. Marlo wears Mia in the sling whi she and Tully talk and knead the dough. The clock on the microwave reads 1:05 AM.
34) 0) text: Marlo cuts the loaf of FRESHLY BAKED BREAD and serves it Sarah and Jonah with butter and jam.
35) 0) text: Marlo fills out I.E.P. PAPERWORK for Jonah while Tully re a large REFERENCE BOOK called How to Advocate for Your Special Needs Child. Tully points out a passage to Marlo and they discuss. Mar reaches for a YELLOW MARKER and HIGHLIGHTS a sentence.
36) 0) text: It’s an unspecified time of night. Marlo climbs into bed to a sleeping Drew. She pulls the covers up to her chin a snuggles into the pillow, a slight smile on her face.
37) 0) text: Marlo is getting ready for the day. She’s looking less an less like a zombie; her hair is brushed, and she actually a little color in her cheeks. She reaches into a MAKEUP POUCH and takes out a BLACK LIQ EYELINER. She hasn’t work it in years, but she leans forw and applies it in Tully’s signature cat-like style. It co surprisingly easily to her. She examines herself, satisfi INT. MARLO AND DREW’S HOUSE (DEN) - NIGHT Tully and Marlo sit with a pile of inexpensive BABY GIFTS that have been sent to Mia. We see Tully writing a THANK NOTE on stationery that says “MARLO MOREAU” at the mast. “Dear Aunt Lorene: Thank you for the...” Tully glances at the GIFT again. “,..glow worm toy for Mia. It is so cute! Love, Marlo.” 53. She adds the card to a pile. Marlo, who is also writing a note, smiles gratefully.
38) 0) text: Marlo enthusiastically kicks a SOCCER BALL to Sarah while sleeps contentedly in the stroller. INT. MARLO AND DREW’S HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT INTO DAY Marlo is sound asleep again. The room goes from DARK to L in time-lapse. Marlo rises, stretching, refreshed.
39) 0) text: Marlo sipping her morning latte, takes a deep breath and composes a TEXT to her old friend VIOLET. “This is Marlo Moreau. Wanna be friends again?” Then, she types. “(I£ you'll have me.)” A moment. An ellipses. And then: “Welcome back to the land of the living.” Followed by: “Bitch.” Marlo chuckles to herself, relieved. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING) - DAY Craig and Elyse’s mansion looks even more impressive by d There are a bunch of PINK BALLOONS tied to the mailbox at end of the driveway. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - DAY It’s the perfect sunny spring day for GRETA’S BIRTHDAY PA Of course, Craig and Elyse have gone completely over the There’s a dessert table, pony rides, etc. A DRONE soars above the proceedings, taking video. 54. Jonah is playing with water balloons. Marlo is hanging ou a folding table while Mia sleeps in the car seat. Drew is a few yards away at the BAR. A costumed PRINCESS swishes past him with an armful of PARTY PROPS (wand, bag dress-up clothes, etc.)She accidentally drops her tambour Marlo watches as Drew bends over to help the princess pic her items. They chat for a moment. The princess is basica a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown, but Drew is clea charmed. Craig suddenly and conveniently appears next to Drew and joins the conversation. It’s obvious the two guys are bei extra “on” for the princess, who’s laughing. Marlo can’t but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two m Drew notices Marlo watching with a wry expression and hea back over. Craig reluctantly follows. Marlo clocks Craig Drew's beers.
39) 1) dialog: It’s 11 a.m.
39) 3) dialog: How magical.
39) 8) dialog: You’re not lying this time.
39) 10) dialog: I’m really, really good. Thank you so much for the night nanny.
39) 13) dialog: Yeah. I decided to stop being “Marlo the Martyr” and accept help. Seriously, I appreciate it.
39) 15) dialog: Where are your kids, Elyse? Taken aback, Elyse scans the yard.
39) 25) dialog: Those are called pores.
39) 28) dialog: And this is crazy.
39) 30) dialog: Call me maybe.
39) 31) dialog: Before you came into my life I missed you so bad. I missed you so bad. I missed you so, so bad. 57. Sarah and Marlo are dancing around, enjoying a rare momen pure mother-daughter whimsy. Drew watches his wife, surpr to see her being this outgoing. Marlo struts to the front of the room, doing a crazy danc solo, spanking her own ass and “riding the pony.” Craig and Elyse appear at Drew’s side.
40) 0) text: Tully, having just arrived for her shift, drops her OVERSTUFFED BACKPACK on the floor of the kitchen and open the fridge like a hungry teenager. Marlo can’t help but s as she paws through the food.
40) 2) dialog: Oh, I made sangria since it’s getting warmer. It always reminds me of college.
40) 4) dialog: Because I made sangria? People make sangria in prison toilets.
40) 6) dialog: Uh, sure. I guess I’1l have one too. That’s polite hostessing, right? Marlo gets two glasses out of the cabinet.
40) 8) dialog: Sure. EXT. MARLO AND DREW’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - NIGHT Marlo and Drew’s back yard is small, weedy and unimpressi no Japanese soaking tub. But there are WHITE FAIRY LIGHTS strung from the house to the detached garage, and it’s co Tully and Marlo (accompanied by Mia) sit on an outdoor co side by side, sipping their sangria. 59.
40) 10) dialog: (sarcastic) Sure, let’s wake him up right now.
40) 12) dialog: He’s curious. He asks about you. But he’s-- well, he’s not the most social guy. Like, I love him, but he’s a nerd. A real nerd, not like a postmodern nerd. He’s the kind of guy who went to high school wearing a trench coat and a hat and not even a little deodorant. Tully nods. MARLO (CONT’D) Anyway, he works all day and then he really does a lot with the kids when he gets home. Homework, the reading log, all of it. We make their lunches together. And then he just shuts down. He goes upstairs and puts on his little headset and then he’s just out.
40) 14) dialog: Have sex? No. We haven’t had sex in months. Maybe close to a year. He does puts a sock on the door to warn me when he’s masturbating.
40) 16) dialog: Are you in a relationship?
40) 20) dialog: Drew was the bench. She pours out more sangria for her and Tully.
40) 22) dialog: Yeah. Definitely. I chose the right person; I know that.
40) 24) dialog: Well, I hold the baby all day. It’s me and her and it’s primal; we’re just like two gorillas at the zoo. Then nighttime rolls around, and I’m just supposed to switch gears and go, “Okay, now I’m sexy. Now my boobs are supposed to be sexual, instead of two bags of milk ina Canadian grocery store. It’s like-- did you ever play Tetris? When I was a kid I used to play Tetris for hours and hours. I was addicted. And when I'd go to bed, I’d close my eyes and I’d still see those stupid bricks falling. It’s like that now, except instead of bricks, it’s Mia. I go to bed and I just see Mia. I smell her. I feel her. I can’t turn it off.
40) 26) dialog: Of course you do.
40) 28) dialog: Oh, I do too. I don’t want my kids to grow up like I did. I had three stepmothers, can you believe that? Krystal, Tricia, and Wei-Wei.
40) 30) dialog: Well, I mean, I’ve seen his browser history. Pretty basic stuff. You know, girls from Florida with stars tattooed on their ribs. Tully knows Marlo is holding back information.
40) 31) dialog: Actually... there is one thing. Drew worked at a diner when he was in high school. Washing dishes. And the waitresses, they all wore those little outfits, with the hat? He’s had a fantasy about it ever since.
40) 33) dialog: Yeah. So I actually bought a uniform a while back, thinking I would wear it and surprise him. But then I just never got around to it. And now my legs have veins, my tits have veins... my body’s a relief map of a war-torn country.
40) 35) dialog: Yes, but even if it fits, it would just be depressing. (MORE )
40) 38) dialog: You, on the other hand-- you could wear the shit out of it. She gives Tully an awkward once-over. Tully raises an eyebrow, inspired.
41) 0) text: Marlo quickly tiptoes down the STAIRS holding a wadded of clothing. Tully sticks her HAND out of the bathroom, dres room style. Marlo hands her the dress, amused by the gamb
41) 1) dialog: Here. Never been worn.
41) 4) dialog: You should keep that. Wow, you have had zero children.
41) 6) dialog: Upstairs? Tully smiles expectantly and squares her shoulders. MARLO (CONT’D) You're joking.
42) 0) text: Marlo opens the door a crack. Drew is sound asleep, curle on his side of the bed. The clock on the night stand read 12:10 AM. Marlo opens the door fully. Tully walks in behind her.
42) 2) dialog: It’s just a regular diner.
42) 4) dialog: Maybe just keep the dialogue to a minimum.
42) 10) dialog: It’s okay, Drew. This is for you. Just go with it. Tully begins KISSING Drew. Marlo walks to the side of the bed. Drew resists for another moment, then surrenders. Tu begins pulling up Drew’s T-shirt.
42) 13) dialog: (to Tully) I’11 tell you what he likes.
42) 15) dialog: All right. Drew eagerly pulls off his shirt. Tully pulls down his pa Marlo gingerly creeps onto the bed and kneels behind Tull She unzips Tully’s waitress uniform-- if it’s possible to so tenderly, she does. She looks into Drew's eyes over Tully’s shoulder. He gaze back at her with LOVE AND GRATITUDE in his eyes, acceptin the gift without further question. INT. DREW AND MARLO’S HOUSE (KITCHEN) - MORNING The next morning, over COFFEE. They can barely make eye contact. Drew clears his throat. While embarrassed, he al looks like the proverbial cat who ate the canary.
42) 17) dialog: We don’t have to.
42) 19) dialog: Just a uniform supply place. I was really nervous you wouldn't be up for it.
42) 21) dialog: I was afraid you’d think I was crazy. 65.
42) 23) dialog: It’s not like the opportunity ever presented itself... Hi, Jo-Jo! Before she can finish explaining herself, Jonah prances i the room in his pajamas.
42) 25) dialog: A camel! Were you in the desert?
42) 27) dialog: That’s so silly. You want pancakes?
42) 29) dialog: Let’s see if we can make Mickey Mouse.
42) 31) dialog: Nope, this is a two-ear day. I can feel it. Drew stares at his wife admiringly, lovingly as she and J head to the refrigerator for eggs and milk.
43) 0) text: A running trail. Marlo, with earbuds in her ears, is read for her first workout since giving birth. She wears a spo tank and sweats. She starts JOGGING with a slow gait. There’s another RUNNER up ahead, a college girl with a ponytail, a perfect ass, and perfect running skills. Marlo runs faster. Soon, she’s gaining on the woman. 66. Determined, Marlo speeds up. She keeps running, her cheeks red. She’s pushing herself the point of exhaustion, running like the T-1000. We see Sarah riding her bike nearby. She pauses, watching mom fly by. She looks both impressed and confused. Marlo finally PASSES the girl. She veers off the path and practically collapses against a tree. She’s panting, red- faced. The girl slows up as she approaches.
44) 0) text: It’s late. The time on the microwave reads 9:59. Marlo is reading a book called “Parenting the Out-of-Sync Child.” She hears the familiar KNOCK on the door and puts down he book.
45) 2) dialog: Of course. I mean, you’ve done so much for me. What do you need?
45) 4) dialog: No problem. You’ve been coming here every night for weeks. Just let me know when.
45) 6) dialog: (surprised) Oh. Sure. You know, you could have just called me. You didn’t have to come here.
45) 8) dialog: Where?
45) 10) dialog: The city-city?
45) 12) dialog: To do what?
45) 14) dialog: Who’s going to take care of Mia?
45) 16) dialog: But what if she-- Tully won’t even let Marlo finish a sentence. 68.
45) 18) dialog: God, I don’t know...
45) 20) dialog: For work. I can’t, Tully. You go out and have a good time.
45) 22) dialog: Come on.
45) 24) dialog: I don’t know if getting shit- wrecked in Manhattan qualifies as “self-care.”
45) 26) dialog: I still think maybe we should have Uber-ed it.
45) 28) dialog: Why are you so nice to me? (dry) I mean, aside from the fact that you're being paid.
45) 30) dialog: Yeah, I’ve pretty much trusted you with everything.
45) 33) dialog: I need bourbon.
46) 0) text: Marlo’s Honda Fit crosses a bridge over a river that will take them out of Rye and toward the city. 70.
47) 0) text: Marlo’s car cruises down Wyckoff Avenue in Bushwick. YOUN PEOPLE cross the street and converge on the corners, smok and talking. A GIRL wearing leg warmers makes out with he BOYFRIEND. Marlo becomes excited, restless, as she looks at the passing scene.
47) 1) dialog: This is my old neighborhood. I lived here for years.
47) 3) dialog: It wasn’t always this nice. Look, there’s a bakery for dogs.
47) 5) dialog: A bakery for humans.
47) 7) dialog: Yes. People ate flour in those times.
48) 0) text: Marlo and Tully walk into a crowded, popular bar. Marlo l more radiant than we’ve ever seen her. Younger. It’s like tension in her face has disappeared for the first time in months. Tully strides up to the bar. Marlo hangs meekly beside he They somehow get IMMEDIATE SERVICE-- Tully has that power
48) 5) dialog: That guy is obsessed with you.
48) 7) dialog: Yeah, right. I have the sex appeal of a binder clip.
48) 9) dialog: Really? Go on.
48) 11) dialog: A year or ten.
48) 13) dialog: Not anymore. She smiles uncomfortably, closing the subject. The barten pushes the drinks across the bar. MARLO (CONT’D) Thanks, babe.
49) 0) text: Tully and Marlo settle in. Marlo looks around the room. PEOPLE HAVING FUN. Youth. Energy. She can’t help but smil This is exactly what she needed.
49) 1) dialog: This used to be a different bar. They must have taken it down to the studs. I hardly recognize it. 72.
49) 3) dialog: Yeah, in college, I think. Which one is that?
49) 5) dialog: New ship.
49) 7) dialog: Because it just is! Nothing’s the same. It’s a new ship, baby. Nouveau bateau. Her French accent is absurd as she takes a swig of bourbo
49) 9) dialog: If every part of me has regenerated then I guess I’m not me anymore.
49) 11) dialog: What’s that, Encyclopedia Brown?
50) 0) text: We’re in a DIFFERENT BAR, where a ROCK N’ ROLL BAND rips through a raucous song. Music BLASTS, killing those ear c dead. Tully and Marlo dance wildly. Tully grabs Marlo’s hand. T twirl and spin. Marlo is drunk. She doesn’t care who’s watching.
51) 0) text: A thoroughly drunk Marlo and Tully settle into a more intimate bar for “just one more.” There’s a newfangled to screen JUKEBOX against the wall; a guy is plugging in som songs. Tully clocks it, excited.
51) 2) dialog: Hey, this is one of my favorite songs!
51) 4) dialog: I used to listen to this with Violet all the time. (explaining) I lived with her, here in Bushwick, a long time ago. This was our record. (then, confused) How did you get it to play right away?
51) 6) dialog: You know what my daughter and her friends say? ” (MORE )
51) 8) dialog: Secrets, secrets are no fun. Secrets, secrets hurt someone.
51) 10) dialog: Sure. Why not?
51) 13) dialog: I’m gay. I paid an extra fifty cents.
51) 14) dialog: Wait, what did you say?
51) 16) dialog: Thank you for sharing that, Tully.
52) 0) text: Tully helps Marlo walk down the street. Marlo is OBLITERA stumbling. Tully somehow seems perfectly sober.
52) 1) dialog: Wait... wait... stop. You’re not going to drive, are you?
52) 3) dialog: That’s not possible. You went round for round with me. Let’s just leave the car here and take a cab back.
52) 5) dialog: Drew doesn’t get angry. He just gets very quiet.
52) 7) dialog: This is the last thing you’re going to talk me into, Tully.
52) 9) dialog: Oh, you’re quitting?
52) 11) dialog: So what do you have lined up? I bet you have big plans. Your twenties are great. But then your thirties come around the corner like a garbage truck at 5 a.m. Yeah. You gotta think long-term. What are you going to do when that cute little ass drops and your feet grow half a size with each pregnancy, and the whole “free spirit” thing stops being charming and starts looking ugly?
52) 13) dialog: You should be. I’m it. 76.
52) 15) dialog: What?
52) 17) dialog: (whispering) But I don’t feel safe. I feel scared.
52) 19) dialog: Stop caring so much. You’re such a care lord.
53) 0) text: Marlo is riding as fast as she can toward her undisclosed destination. Tully comes up next to her on a second CitiB They both pedal like mad.
53) 2) dialog: I need to go to my old place.
54) 0) text: After riding for a few blocks, Marlo arrives at a big, ol industrial BRICK BUILDING. Panting and sweating, she hops the bike and drops it on the sidewalk. She approaches the door. There’s a large SECURITY KEYPAD for entry.
54) 1) dialog: (to herself) Okay, what is this? Tully comes up next to her. MARLO (CONT’D) This didn’t used to be here. She drunkenly punches in a few numbers, muttering to hers
54) 2) dialog: Unit 5... Nothing happens.
54) 3) dialog: Fuck. She repeatedly PUNCHES the key-pad in a rage.
54) 5) dialog: There’s a fucking lobby now? With furniture? (MORE )
54) 7) dialog: What happened to the guy who sleeps in the doorway? I used to step over that guy every morning to go to work. And he'd say “Good morning, Margo.” Every damn day. Me and Vi would bring hima sandwich sometimes. Where is he? Do you think he died?
54) 9) dialog: She still lives here. I’m texting her. She’1l let us up. Do you like coke? She always has it. You know, you have not cleaned a kitchen until you’ve done it Bolivian- style. Marlo is frantically typing a TEXT MESSAGE. Tully tries t stop her, but she hits “send.” MARLO (CONT’D) I let her know we're here. She's going to like you a lot. Like, a lot.
54) 11) dialog: Yes there is. Look! She pounds the brick with her fist. Tully just looks at h sadly.
54) 13) dialog: This was your idea. Why did you bring me here in the first place? 79.
54) 15) dialog: Ow.
54) 17) dialog: It hurts. I need Mia. I‘1l just go home and feed her. Marlo is massaging her sore breasts compulsively.
54) 19) dialog: (crying) I miss her.
54) 21) dialog: She won’t the same tomorrow. That’s what you said. I don’t want her to grow!
55) 0) text: Tully and a disheveled Marlo enter a SEEDY DIVE BAR they definitely don’t belong at. Tully guides Marlo toward the bathroom. The door SWINGS O A truly DISGUSTING DUDE is walking out. We can see even f this vantage point that it’s not an appealing place to de with the milk situation. But Marlo is desperate.
56) 0) text: Tully and Marlo enter the bathroom. It’s Trainspotting- filthy, with grafitti on the walls. Tully takes off her SWEATER and wets it in the sink under hot water.
56) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
56) 3) dialog: This is really messed up.
56) 6) dialog: It’s not working. (gagging) Oh God, it smells like Spam in here.
56) 9) dialog: I keep thinking the next one will look different. Tully finds a photo of Mia and holds the phone in front o Marlo’s face. Someone BANGS on the door.
56) 11) dialog: I’M PERFORMING A MIRACLE! (then) It won’t come out.
56) 15) dialog: I think I’m going crazy. We hear a TRICKLING sound as Marlo’s milk finally lets do into the toilet bowl below.
56) 19) dialog: I’m so tired.
56) 21) dialog: All we do is converse. We’re like the people in a Spanish textbook. Maria and Julio, they never shut up. (then) What am I going to do without you?
56) 23) dialog: (drifting off) That’s... so... corny...
56) 26) dialog: Mmph.
57) 0) text: Marlo lies asleep in a hospital bed. She’s BEAT UP. There cuts and lacerations on her face. She has a black eye, a broken arm, and her leg is in traction. Drew sits on a chair next to her bed, pale and gravely concerned. The room is silent. DR. SMYTHE, a middle-aged woman, knocks and enters.
58) 0) text: Drew and Dr. Smythe are in an empty hospital room or offi away from where Marlo can hear them. 84.
59) 0) text: Marlo lies in bed, woozy and dreamy. She stares at the TR next to her bed. Untouched food, a plastic pitches or wat There’s a KNOCK. She manages to turn and look at the door
59) 1) dialog: (whisper) Come in.
61) 0) text: The door to Marlo’s hospital room swings open. It’s Tully uninjured. No worse for the wear. She smiles apologetical at Marlo.
61) 2) dialog: You should see the river. Marlo’s voice is an exhausted croak. MARLO (CONT’D) I didn’t tell anyone. About you. They don’t even know you were there. 87.
61) 4) dialog: I don’t know if they will. Tully sits down on Marlo’s bed.
61) 6) dialog: I know.
61) 8) dialog: What do I do now?
61) 10) dialog: If I’m older, how are you wiser?
61) 12) dialog: Thank you for keeping me alive.
62) 0) text: Drew is heading back to Marlo’s room. He passes Tully in hallway as they head in opposite directions. He doesn’t notice her. Of course. 88.
63) 0) text: Drew enters. He sees that Marlo is awake and stops in his tracks.
63) 2) dialog: Hi. Drew reaches out and touches Marlo’s hand.
63) 4) dialog: Why are you sorry? Drew is trembling.
63) 6) dialog: You didn’t do anything. Drew starts crying.
63) 8) dialog: I was doing great. (smiling) Wasn't I great?
63) 10) dialog: I love us too. (then) Am I in trouble? 89.
63) 13) dialog: Nobody. Tears slide down her cheeks. MARLO (CONT’D) But next time I want to be with you.
63) 15) dialog: Yes. Let’s go out. Let’s talk. There’s still a world out there. We could go see it sometime. Even if it’s just for a few hours.
63) 17) dialog: Okay.
64) 0) text: Weeks have passed. Marlo walks down the hallway of her ho with a CANE. Her bruises have faded to yellow, but her ar still in a sling. She stops into Sarah’s room. Sarah is laboring over her homework, aS usual. Marlo leans over Sarah’s desk, murmur guidance, then tousles her hair. INT. MARLO AND DREW'S HOUSE (JONAH’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT Marlo moves on down the hallway to Jonah’s room. Jonah si patiently in his pajamas, awaiting his treatment as he do every night. Marlo is there to attend to him. She props h cane against the wall and limps toward him.
64) 1) dialog: Ready? 90. As in the beginning, we hear “Major Tom,” from Jonah’s Langley Schools Music Project album. Marlo reaches for Jonah’s WILBARGER BRUSH.
64) 2) dialog: Let’s start with your feet tonight. She begins sweeping the brush over the soles of his feet.
64) 4) dialog: What do you mean?
64) 6) dialog: Well, honestly, I don’t know. Do you like when we do it?
64) 8) dialog: I like being by you too.
64) 10) dialog: Well, maybe that’s all that matters.
64) 12) dialog: Okay. If you don’t think we need it, then I guess we'll stop. She puts the brush down and rests her chin in her hands. gl. Jonah suddenly leans forward and puts his arms around her
64) 14) dialog: I love you too. They’re still wrapped in an embrace.
64) 16) dialog: The same one.