12) 0) text: Marlo is pushing out her baby. A DOCTOR and a couple of NURSES are there. Drew stands by taking video with his ph A not-particularly-meaningful SONG plays on someone’s iPo The doctor is laid-back, almost distracted.
15) 0) text: Marlo sits on the toilet in the cramped bathroom while a motherly RUSSIAN NURSE encourages her.
15) 1) dialog: You have to show me you can do a pee-pee.
15) 3) dialog: If you don’t pee soon, we have to put the catheter back in. Marlo strains desperately, hoping to avoid this outcome. hear a trickling/pouring sound.
15) 5) dialog: That’s not enough.
15) 7) dialog: Don’t get angry.
15) 9) dialog: You need to rest, mommy. We hear the baby CRY OUT. RUSSIAN NURSE (CONT’D) I can take her to the nursery.
16) 0) text: Marlo nurses the baby alone. The T.V. flickers in the dar living room. It could be 2:00 am, could be 4:00. Time doe exist anymore. The living room is temporarily “baby central.” There’s a portable BASSINET (known in parental circles as a Pack n’ Play), a pile of diapers and a makeshift CHANGING STATION a chair. Marlo closes her eyes. She opens them. Her arms are empty THE BABY IS GONE. She leaps to her feet, panics. Scans the floor. Runs to t kitchen. She hears a coo coming from the kitchen sink. A baby's arm, waving. What is the baby doing in the sink? Marlo opens her eyes. The baby is in her arms, still nurs It was a dream, a weird one. 27. Through a series of dissolves, we see a MONTAGE of endles grinding, exhausting DAYS and NIGHTS of baby care. We nev leave the living room. Marlo sleeps on the couch with a blanket and pillow-- when she gets to sleep. Marlo is suddenly DRIVING HER CAR. Jonah is inexplicably illegally) sitting in the front seat. Marlo glances in th rear view and sees the BABY lying in the back seat. She S on the brakes, gasping. She looks over at Jonah, who has turned into a DISAPPROVING OLDER WOMAN. (Her mother?) Marlo suddenly wakes up, in her makeshift bed on the couc The baby is in her arms. What time is it? Hard to say. Dr in a suit and tie, enters to kiss the baby goodbye and he to work. He looks so polished. Marlo, so feral. Marlo paces, nurses, feeds. Her clothes change, but they’ all the same variation on T-shirt and sweat pants. Marlo is lying on the floor of a FOREST, gazing up at the sky. It's peaceful for a moment. Someone POKES her with a stick in the shoulder. Poke. Poke. Poke. Poke. Marlo wakes up. She’s fallen asleep sitting up. Jonah is repeatedly poking her in the shoulder with a TOY LIGHT SA Later: Jonah and Sarah are watching cartoons. Sarah tries snuggle up to her mom, who barely responds. Marlo stares blankly at Barbie’s Mermaid Adventure. Her e brim with TEARS.
20) 0) text: Marlo sits in the dimly lit living room, holding the baby She watches HBO’s Cathouse with the closed-captioning on. Onscreen, a naked PROSTITUTE negotiates with a john. The is a wreck. We hear a soft KNOCK. Marlo gets up and hurries quietly t the door with the baby on her shoulder. She opens the doo revealing TULLY, the night nurse, standing there bathed i porch light.