1) 0) text: Marlo heads into another bedroom, equally small but more feminine. SARAH, 8, is sitting at a small desk, looking irritated with her homework.
1) 2) dialog: No.
1) 4) dialog: I don’t know.
1) 6) dialog: Yeah.
2) 0) text: Marlo walks into the kitchen. It’s small and there are a boxes of assorted ENERGY BARS propped open on the already cluttered counters. Marlo Grabs two LUNCH BOXES off the counter. Then, she reaches for her PHONE and plugs a set EARBUDS into it. She picks a song. MUSIC UP: “Blue” by the Jayhawks. As the music plays, Marlo begins makes two LUNCHES for Jo and Sarah. Finally, an escape from the children, even if she’s still servicing them. She places two different sandwiches into plastic bento b She pours Goldfish crackers from a Costco-sized container into two of the compartments. She cuts on the diagonal. Marlo’s husband DREW enters. He’s a slightly nerdy softwa engineer in a Doctor Who T-shirt. Marlo pulls out her earbuds. Her private moment is over abruptly. Without missing a beat, Drew begins filling Thermoses and slicing the green tops off the strawberries. Marlo and Dr are a well-oiled machine. Their childcare routines are choreographed like ballet.
3) 0) text: A wet spring morning in Rye, New York. Marlo’s dented Hon Fit rolls into the parking lot of ST. VITUS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. INT. MARLO’S CAR - DAY Marlo is behind the wheel. Jonah and Sarah are strapped i booster seats in the back of the car.
3) 5) dialog: (groaning) Not again...
3) 10) dialog: (distressed) Mom! Make him stop!
3) 12) dialog: Jonah, stop! Marlo attempts to respond calmly, but she’s unraveling.
3) 14) dialog: Nobody cares about what I like! Jonah is WAILING at this point.
6) 21) dialog: Yeah!
6) 27) dialog: What?
6) 32) dialog: Can we get one?
6) 37) dialog: You're lying!
6) 44) dialog: Hi. Four year-old Greta pipes up. 14.
6) 47) dialog: Cool! Greta grabs Jonah’s hand. All five kids joyously run off toward the playroom with Shasta.
16) 0) text: Marlo nurses the baby alone. The T.V. flickers in the dar living room. It could be 2:00 am, could be 4:00. Time doe exist anymore. The living room is temporarily “baby central.” There’s a portable BASSINET (known in parental circles as a Pack n’ Play), a pile of diapers and a makeshift CHANGING STATION a chair. Marlo closes her eyes. She opens them. Her arms are empty THE BABY IS GONE. She leaps to her feet, panics. Scans the floor. Runs to t kitchen. She hears a coo coming from the kitchen sink. A baby's arm, waving. What is the baby doing in the sink? Marlo opens her eyes. The baby is in her arms, still nurs It was a dream, a weird one. 27. Through a series of dissolves, we see a MONTAGE of endles grinding, exhausting DAYS and NIGHTS of baby care. We nev leave the living room. Marlo sleeps on the couch with a blanket and pillow-- when she gets to sleep. Marlo is suddenly DRIVING HER CAR. Jonah is inexplicably illegally) sitting in the front seat. Marlo glances in th rear view and sees the BABY lying in the back seat. She S on the brakes, gasping. She looks over at Jonah, who has turned into a DISAPPROVING OLDER WOMAN. (Her mother?) Marlo suddenly wakes up, in her makeshift bed on the couc The baby is in her arms. What time is it? Hard to say. Dr in a suit and tie, enters to kiss the baby goodbye and he to work. He looks so polished. Marlo, so feral. Marlo paces, nurses, feeds. Her clothes change, but they’ all the same variation on T-shirt and sweat pants. Marlo is lying on the floor of a FOREST, gazing up at the sky. It's peaceful for a moment. Someone POKES her with a stick in the shoulder. Poke. Poke. Poke. Poke. Marlo wakes up. She’s fallen asleep sitting up. Jonah is repeatedly poking her in the shoulder with a TOY LIGHT SA Later: Jonah and Sarah are watching cartoons. Sarah tries snuggle up to her mom, who barely responds. Marlo stares blankly at Barbie’s Mermaid Adventure. Her e brim with TEARS.
19) 11) dialog: I don’t know.
19) 14) dialog: Mom, what’s wrong with your body?
25) 0) text: Marlo and Drew walk through a LOCAL PARK while Sarah runs ahead in her SOCCER UNIFORM and Jonah rides a scooter.
25) 6) dialog: Mom, I need water. Drew rolls his eyes as Marlo dutifully produces a Thermos
25) 8) dialog: So? I’m thirsty. Marlo offers Sarah water. Marlo resumes the conversation.
30) 0) text: Marlo, Drew, Sarah and Jonah eat a home-cooked meal. Marl wears Mia in a sling and chats animatedly about the day’s events.
30) 6) dialog: Is the cavity the butt?
30) 10) dialog: That’s worse than a butt.
34) 0) text: Marlo cuts the loaf of FRESHLY BAKED BREAD and serves it Sarah and Jonah with butter and jam.
38) 0) text: Marlo enthusiastically kicks a SOCCER BALL to Sarah while sleeps contentedly in the stroller. INT. MARLO AND DREW’S HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT INTO DAY Marlo is sound asleep again. The room goes from DARK to L in time-lapse. Marlo rises, stretching, refreshed.
39) 18) dialog: Nothing.
39) 20) dialog: I don’t think she’s a real princess.
39) 22) dialog: No. Her skin looks like an orange peel.
39) 24) dialog: It’s orange and there’s like holes in it.
39) 26) dialog: Yeah, she has big pores. Marlo pats Sarah’s shoulder with affection. INT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (PLAYROOM) - DAY The party has moved into the PLAYROOM. Kids mill about, making a mess and eating pifiata candy. Marlo and Sarah a the front of the room, singing a KARAOKE DUET together. N both of their faces are painted as BUTTERFLIES. They’re d a shockingly good job at “Call Me Maybe.”
39) 27) dialog: Hey, I just met you.
39) 29) dialog: So here's my number.
39) 31) dialog: Before you came into my life I missed you so bad. I missed you so bad. I missed you so, so bad. 57. Sarah and Marlo are dancing around, enjoying a rare momen pure mother-daughter whimsy. Drew watches his wife, surpr to see her being this outgoing. Marlo struts to the front of the room, doing a crazy danc solo, spanking her own ass and “riding the pony.” Craig and Elyse appear at Drew’s side.
43) 0) text: A running trail. Marlo, with earbuds in her ears, is read for her first workout since giving birth. She wears a spo tank and sweats. She starts JOGGING with a slow gait. There’s another RUNNER up ahead, a college girl with a ponytail, a perfect ass, and perfect running skills. Marlo runs faster. Soon, she’s gaining on the woman. 66. Determined, Marlo speeds up. She keeps running, her cheeks red. She’s pushing herself the point of exhaustion, running like the T-1000. We see Sarah riding her bike nearby. She pauses, watching mom fly by. She looks both impressed and confused. Marlo finally PASSES the girl. She veers off the path and practically collapses against a tree. She’s panting, red- faced. The girl slows up as she approaches.
64) 0) text: Weeks have passed. Marlo walks down the hallway of her ho with a CANE. Her bruises have faded to yellow, but her ar still in a sling. She stops into Sarah’s room. Sarah is laboring over her homework, aS usual. Marlo leans over Sarah’s desk, murmur guidance, then tousles her hair. INT. MARLO AND DREW'S HOUSE (JONAH’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT Marlo moves on down the hallway to Jonah’s room. Jonah si patiently in his pajamas, awaiting his treatment as he do every night. Marlo is there to attend to him. She props h cane against the wall and limps toward him.