6) 1) dialog: Marlo? VIOLET, a woman about Marlo’s age approaches the table. S unconventionally attractive with an artistic style. She carries a to-go box of coffee and her mouth is agape.
6) 3) dialog: Holy shit.
6) 5) dialog: I’m here for a memorial. My friend’s dad passed away.
6) 7) dialog: It’s fine. He was a dick. Marlo’s sudden laugh is a GOOFY BARK. She covers her mout
6) 9) dialog: That’s the standard “Marlo laugh.” Somewhere between a bike horn and a goose orgy. I miss it. Violet pulls up a chair and sits down. There’s ELECTRIC NOSTALGIA in the air-- and also considerable awkwardness.
6) 10) dialog: So do you live here? Fill me in on everything. I mean, you randomly dropped off Facebook like five years ago, never to be heard from again, so. This is lightly delivered, but there’s hurt beneath...
6) 12) dialog: We all do. That’s the point. It’s a mandatory rage-fuck.
6) 14) dialog: Mm, I don’t know how to tell you this, but you’ve really blown up. Marlo laughs again.
6) 15) dialog: No, congrats. Anyway, I have to get this coffee back to the house before it gets as cold and black as my womb. Do you still have my number?
6) 17) dialog: Same number as always, and same address too.
6) 19) dialog: Mm-hm. Still in Bushwick. Building went co-op years ago, so I bought the place. I’m surrounded by Millennials crying on the phone to Mommy. Call me sometime, okay? If you feel like it. Marlo nods as Violet exits. Once Violet is gone. Marlo si and stares at her muffin for a moment. Her cheeks are red When she reaches for her latte, the cup RATTLES briefly against the saucer. INT. MARLO’S CAR - NIGHT Drew, Marlo, Sarah and Jonah are in the car headed to Mar brother’s house. Marlo, drained by the day’s events, clut a bottle of cheap wine in the passenger’s seat.
39) 0) text: Marlo sipping her morning latte, takes a deep breath and composes a TEXT to her old friend VIOLET. “This is Marlo Moreau. Wanna be friends again?” Then, she types. “(I£ you'll have me.)” A moment. An ellipses. And then: “Welcome back to the land of the living.” Followed by: “Bitch.” Marlo chuckles to herself, relieved. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (ESTABLISHING) - DAY Craig and Elyse’s mansion looks even more impressive by d There are a bunch of PINK BALLOONS tied to the mailbox at end of the driveway. EXT. CRAIG AND ELYSE’S HOUSE (BACK YARD) - DAY It’s the perfect sunny spring day for GRETA’S BIRTHDAY PA Of course, Craig and Elyse have gone completely over the There’s a dessert table, pony rides, etc. A DRONE soars above the proceedings, taking video. 54. Jonah is playing with water balloons. Marlo is hanging ou a folding table while Mia sleeps in the car seat. Drew is a few yards away at the BAR. A costumed PRINCESS swishes past him with an armful of PARTY PROPS (wand, bag dress-up clothes, etc.)She accidentally drops her tambour Marlo watches as Drew bends over to help the princess pic her items. They chat for a moment. The princess is basica a rough-looking stripper in a ball gown, but Drew is clea charmed. Craig suddenly and conveniently appears next to Drew and joins the conversation. It’s obvious the two guys are bei extra “on” for the princess, who’s laughing. Marlo can’t but notice how the girly costume and wig affect the two m Drew notices Marlo watching with a wry expression and hea back over. Craig reluctantly follows. Marlo clocks Craig Drew's beers.
54) 23) dialog: Hello? Marlo, are you out there? But Tully and Marlo are already out of earshot, disappear into the night.
54) 24) dialog: Marlo? 80.