17) 28) dialog: Of blessed memory.
17) 47) dialog: I do.
18) 0) text: Senior citizens fold brochures, stuff envelopes, make phone calls. Van Dyke and Tommy enter.
18) 2) dialog: Don't laugh, they get an enormous turnout. But the big thing is, they have their own line on the ballot. They already got the signatures.
18) 4) dialog: The lady we're meeting, Hattie Rifkin, they call her the condo queen.
19) 0) text: Tommy and Van Dyke are seated opposite HATTIE RIFKIN, a high-energy woman, 70s, with a frizz of white curls.
19) 2) dialog: We were wondering who you were going to run for Congress this year.
21) 0) text: cuts the RE- off a RE-ELECT JEFF JOHNSON bumper sticker in familiar blue and gold. Van Dyke, Armando, and Homer have a production line going doctoring the old Johnson campaign materials, slicing off and painting out the RE-'s and the years.
21) 1) dialog: Are you sure you don't want to come to Washington with us, Homer?
24) 0) text: In front of a polling place, Van Dyke pulls up in a hears with an ELECT JOHNSON banner. So, driving muscle cars, do Armando, Homer, and Loretta -- Tommy's get-out-the-vote f Exhilarated senior citizens pile out, led by Hattie.
53) 0) text: The 435 Members (with family) taking the oath, watched on C-span by Loretta, Armando, Van Dyke, and Reinhardt.
62) 3) dialog: Would you care for some herring?
76) 1) dialog: Mr. Willie? Congressman Johnson is calling. Can you take his call? Thank you. Please hold. Van Dyke puts him on hold, counts to three, gets back on the line.
76) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Willie, he just picked up another call. Listen, I know why he was calling -- he hasn't heard from you about his fundraiser... PAN TO Armando.
89) 0) text: A couple of Lobbyists await Tommy. Van Dyke mans the desk. In come ELLEN JUBA, 40s, and her 13-year-old daughter, MICKEY, whose pony tail sticks out from her Florida Marlins baseball cap.
89) 1) dialog: May I help you?
89) 3) dialog: Just a moment, please. (dials; into phone)
115) 0) text: Tommy pow-wows with Loretta Van Dyke, and Armando.   Asid from a sling, Loretta looks okay.
115) 1) dialog: Why are we meeting here, Tommy? There trouble at the office?
115) 9) dialog: What do we do?
115) 15) dialog: You can't con a con, Congressman.
122) 0) text: In a chamber crammed with cables, the Telephone Man listens to a handset. He now sports a gold Rolex on his wrist -- his horse must have come in. Van Dyke, also there, looks at any array of dials and meters, whose hands all suddenly move. Some electronic phone CHIRPS, then the filtered RINGING of a call.
122) 1) dialog: Here he comes. The Telephone Man nods, adjusts some wiring, smiles satisfiedly.
133) 0) text: Van Dyke, Armando, and Loretta work the phones.
133) 1) dialog: Is this the assignment desk? Yes, I'm calling from Chairman Dodge's office, on the Hill. We wanted to be sure CNN was sending a crew to the Clean Air hearing today.
136) 0) text: A hundred or so members of the public -- trade groups, Hill staffers, lawyers, tourists -- settle into their seats. VAN DYKE escorts Hattie Rifkin and a busload of Silver Foxes. Loretta comes in with Ellen and Mickey Juba. GRANDMA comes in, on Reinhardt's arm. She is dressed up as a biddy, down to a hat with fruit on it. COMMITTEE MEMBERS head for their seats at the dais. OLAF ANDERSEN is at the witness table, along with a coupl of other businessmen. In a seat behind Andersen, Tommy O'Connor. THE PRESS.   A good turnout, with several camera crews.