15) 0) text: A dark hall.  Somerset and Mills stand with OFFICER DAVIS beefy, uniformed cop.  Light from a camera's flash spills from the nearby kitchen.  Davis hands Somerset two flashl
69) 4) dialog: If he disappeared, what do you want from us?
72) 0) text: The cops enter the dank hallway, the same hall we saw Joh before.  They move cautiously, stepping over a drunken, h man.  A door opens and a woman peeks out.  The female cop her gun and the woman obeys, slamming the door. California leads, steps up to apartment 303.  He has a se warrant scotch-taped to the front of his bullet-proof ves
72) 2) text: A black cop hoists a battering ram.  The other cops get o sides of the door.  Mills moves front.  Somerset hangs ba
72) 4) text: The black cop brings the ram forward with a splintering t The door flies open.  The cops storm in.
73) 2) text: A blond cop goes into another room.  Mills kicks the bed.
74) 0) text: The blond cop enters, gun trained, looks around in confus The room's tables, chairs and floor are covered with hund colorful, plastic air fresheners.
75) 7) text: The black cop touches the black spaghetti.  Holds a piece
75) 8) dialog: What the hell... those are dead worms.
75) 14) text: The female cop has gone to the wall where the sheet is pi up.  She pulls the sheet aside and finds: fifty-two polar pictures; all pictures of Zero tied to the bed, with a da written at the bottom of each.  it is a visual history of physical decay.  The blond cop enters from the other room
75) 15) dialog: What the fuck is going on?
95) 0) text: Somerset and Mills exit down the stairs.  Somerset's stil searching, holding the list.  He spies a uniformed cop, D
130) 0) text: The room is plain, like the room Mrs. Gold was kept in. door opens and Tracy and Mills enter.  They look sleepy, carrying suitcases.  A uniformed cop closes the door for Mills goes to lay a suitcase on a table while Tracy looks around, depressed, distant.  The lighting is bad.  There decorations, no windows.  A wide crack runs down one wall Tracy sits down on the bed.  Mills notices her discontent
148) 6) text: Mills stops, looks.  Somerset stops, looks back down the John Doe stands inside the precinct house doors.  He hold his arms as if to say "presto, here I am." Near silence comes to the room as all eyes go to the figu John Doe. Mills is riveted, finding this impossible to comprehend. One UNIFORMED COP takes out his gun, points it at John Do
148) 7) dialog: It's him!
148) 13) dialog: You heard him!  Get on the floor!
148) 14) text: John Doe gets on his knees, hands up.  Mills moves close, not too.  ONE COP comes from behind, nudges Doe with his
148) 15) dialog: Spread your legs and get your hands out in front of you.