15) 0) text: A dark hall.  Somerset and Mills stand with OFFICER DAVIS beefy, uniformed cop.  Light from a camera's flash spills from the nearby kitchen.  Davis hands Somerset two flashl
17) 0) text: THWACK, THWACK... THWACK.  Mills punches the heavy bag wi hard, quick punches.  Sweat drips off his face.  He's in out clothing, a bundle of nerves wearing boxing gloves. The walls are covered in mirrors.  Other cops watch Mills they pass, checking out the new kid.  Mills keeps punchin skillfully. He stops when he sees Somerset reflected in one of the mi Somerset walks over, carrying a pizza box with paper pile top.  He sits on a near bench, takes out a cigarette.
30) 0) text: A marble hallway.  A DETECTIVE, 50, nervously chewing his quickly leads Mills and Somerset past cops and forensics.
32) 0) text: An office full of pictures, books and mugsheets, yet it i meticulously well kept.  The CAPTAIN, 50, sits at his tid He's dressed conservatively.  Mills and Somerset sit befo Somerset reads from a photocopy of the note they just fou
41) 0) text: Mills stands brooding over a photocopy of the picture of woman with her eyes circled in blood.  He looks overworke drinks coffee.  His desk is swamped with files.
41) 11) text: Mills points the remote, turns the t.v. off as reporters Talbot.  Mills stares at the blank screen, dispirited. Across the room, Tracy stands in the doorway.  Mills does see her.  He looks at the photocopy and sits at his desk. Tracy watches him, great concern in her sad eyes.
49) 0) text: Mills gets in, puts his coffee on the dash and tosses the books in a box.  He closes the door.  Alone with the soun the rain.  He wipes water off his face, looks at his tire in the rearview mirror. He reaches in the box of books, takes out copies of The Canterbury Tales and Dante's Purgatory.  He makes a face, Dante's Purgatory:
49) 23) text: A figure outside the window knocks on the glass.  Mills r down.  A COP in raincoat hands a wet paper bag through.
49) 25) text: The cop leaves as Mills quickly rolls the window up and r bag open.  Inside: Cliff Notes for Dante's Purgatory and Canterbury Tales.
54) 16) text: Mills is pondering, very tired.  He unlatches his briefca takes a photocopy of the photo of the falsely pretty woma hands it to Somerset.
69) 6) text: A red-headed cop, CALIFORNIA, 28, raises his meaty hand.
69) 8) text: The cops laugh.  The captain clenches his jaw.
69) 10) text: There is chatter among the cops.  Somerset leans to Mills the captain continues the briefing.
71) 0) text: Crack vials and hypodermic needles crunch under heavy boo The five cops from the briefing, fully geared up, rifles handguns held, move quickly up the stairs, single-file. Somerset and Mills follow, guns out.  Somerset is sweatin bullets.  Mills is juiced.
72) 0) text: The cops enter the dank hallway, the same hall we saw Joh before.  They move cautiously, stepping over a drunken, h man.  A door opens and a woman peeks out.  The female cop her gun and the woman obeys, slamming the door. California leads, steps up to apartment 303.  He has a se warrant scotch-taped to the front of his bullet-proof ves
72) 2) text: A black cop hoists a battering ram.  The other cops get o sides of the door.  Mills moves front.  Somerset hangs ba
72) 4) text: The black cop brings the ram forward with a splintering t The door flies open.  The cops storm in.
73) 0) text: The cops charge down a short hall into this incredibly du room.  A bed sits against a far wall.  Mills and Californ up to the bed.  Someone lies under an indigo blanket.  Th other cops move, training their weapons on the bed.
73) 2) text: A blond cop goes into another room.  Mills kicks the bed.
74) 0) text: The blond cop enters, gun trained, looks around in confus The room's tables, chairs and floor are covered with hund colorful, plastic air fresheners.
75) 4) text: Somerset pushes past the cops who recoil from the stench.
75) 7) text: The black cop touches the black spaghetti.  Holds a piece
75) 14) text: The female cop has gone to the wall where the sheet is pi up.  She pulls the sheet aside and finds: fifty-two polar pictures; all pictures of Zero tied to the bed, with a da written at the bottom of each.  it is a visual history of physical decay.  The blond cop enters from the other room
75) 19) text: The other cops file out as Mills goes to examine the pola under the sheet.  Somerset replaces the sheet over Zero's California stays by his side.
77) 0) text: The siege cops are in the hall, holding neighbors at bay.
83) 6) text: The officer leaves.  Mills starts sorting through piles o desk.  He doesn't know where to begin. He sits back in his chair, looks at the collage-like coll of pictures pinned on the walls: photos and diagrams of t murder scenes, the drawing of the sun and eye, color page black and white copies of pages from art books. He stares, thinking.  He stands, takes a photocopy off th The killer's first note: Dear Detectives, Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to the light.
85) 0) text: Near the balcony railing, overlooking the main floor, Mil before a computer card catalog.  He reads the computer sc unsure.  He sets down his pad and pencil, cracks his knuc begins typing on the keyboard.  The computer gives off a BEEP.  Pleased, Mills reads the screen.  Types. On the screen:                 TITLE / PARADISE LOST_ He hits return.  Reads the screen as information on the b appears.  He copies it on his pad, puts the pencil in his He types.  On the screen:      SUBJECT / JACK THE RIPPER_ Hits return.  Again, he copies info from the screen.
93) 0) text: The streets are full of patrol cars.  Cops and forensics and exit the church from various doorways.  Saw-horses ar loaded off a flat-bed truck as a police barricade is erec
95) 0) text: Somerset and Mills exit down the stairs.  Somerset's stil searching, holding the list.  He spies a uniformed cop, D
100) 2) dialog: A real, modern-day renaissance man, huh?
110) 0) text: Somerset reads one of Doe's notebooks.  Three cops are lo through other notebooks from the shelves.  Mills enters.
113) 4) text: O'Neill steps up to the woman.  He brandishes dull scisso The captain enters with two uniform cops.  He looks aroun grim, clenching his jaw.
130) 0) text: The room is plain, like the room Mrs. Gold was kept in. door opens and Tracy and Mills enter.  They look sleepy, carrying suitcases.  A uniformed cop closes the door for Mills goes to lay a suitcase on a table while Tracy looks around, depressed, distant.  The lighting is bad.  There decorations, no windows.  A wide crack runs down one wall Tracy sits down on the bed.  Mills notices her discontent
132) 0) text: Porno theaters and Adult Bookstores rule these busy sidew Marquees offer SEXY STUFF, PUSSY FEST and movies like MID PLOWBOY and NATIONAL LAM-PORN'S CHRISTMAS INSERTION.  Cop walking through the pedestrian flow, handing out photocop There are many patrol cars on the street.  Definitely a l than usual police presence. Cops are questioning the proprietors of porn at the entra their shops and theaters. Cops are taping photocopies onto lamp posts.  These photo are warnings, with the drawing of John Doe's face above a of information and the words HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MAN?
134) 0) text: It's a madhouse outside The Hot House.  Police action in progress.  Cops have formed a barrier, holding off a crow creating an aisle to the back of a jail-van.  Cops and detectives escort various men, women and transvestites in large vehicle.  The crowd, consisting of the dregs of soc is angry.  Some spit and throw trash at the cops.
135) 0) text: An ANGRY COP pounds his nightstick on a glass cage.  Insi cage sits an oily FAT MAN in front of a wall of sex toys.
135) 2) dialog: Get out of the fucking booth!
136) 0) text: All the lights and walls are red.  Mills and Somerset fol COP through the twisting corridors.  ROCK MUSIC THROBS. reach a door.
136) 1) dialog: I don't want to go in there again.
137) 0) text: Mills and Somerset enter.  ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES, LOUD.  A light flashes from the ceiling onto TWO AMBULANCE ATTENDA The first attendant places a sheet over a bed, hiding the of a WOMAN with long blonde hair.  The second attendant t examine the pupils of a CRAZED MAN, 55, who sits naked on floor, wrapped in a sheet.  A COP holds the crazed man do
148) 3) text: They pass through a gate and Somerset goes to the stairca leading to the second floor.  Mills stops at the duty des Other cops are fighting for the DUTY SERGEANT'S attention
148) 6) text: Mills stops, looks.  Somerset stops, looks back down the John Doe stands inside the precinct house doors.  He hold his arms as if to say "presto, here I am." Near silence comes to the room as all eyes go to the figu John Doe. Mills is riveted, finding this impossible to comprehend. One UNIFORMED COP takes out his gun, points it at John Do
148) 8) text: Several other cops drop what they're doing and draw weapo Mills, still off-balance, walks back through the gate, ta gun out and points it at Doe.
148) 12) text: Cops move slowly in on Doe from all sides.
148) 14) text: John Doe gets on his knees, hands up.  Mills moves close, not too.  ONE COP comes from behind, nudges Doe with his
148) 19) text: Cops frisk and handcuff Doe.  Somerset comes beside Mills
148) 22) dialog: What the hell is this?
148) 23) text: The cop putting the handcuffs on Doe holds up Doe's hands winces.  Every single one of Doe's fingers has a bandage around it.  John Doe looks up, his face pressed against t floor, glasses askew, Mills' gun at his temple.
154) 0) text: The street is full of shadows as the sun is falling low. steps of the precinct house, a throng of reporters shifts anxiously.  A line of policemen holds them back.  The pre doors open.  Martin Talbot arrives, escorted by cops.  Th press swarm lurches forward, flashbulbs explode. Talbot holds out his hands, quieting them, about to speak
156) 0) text: California is dressed in full battle gear.  He looks thro binoculars at the city below.  The wind blows hard. He turns and runs to a sleek helicopter on the roof's hel climbs in the side door.  The PILOT leans back from the c to hand him a helmet.  California dons it, starts strappi himself in so he can lean out the open door.
156) 2) text: The pilot cranks the helicopter's whining engine and the start to spin, churning the air.
162) 0) text: The helicopter hovers steady.  California stows his binoc
163) 0) text: The helicopter dips, flying like a bullet over the city s heading towards the river and the setting sun.
164) 0) text: FROM HIGH ABOVE, we see traffic on the highway at the pol river's edge.  Cards and trucks move like blood through v DOWN CLOSER, we can see Mills' car in the flow.  The car into a lane of traffic on its way to the huge suspension Somerset's car is in close pursuit. UNDER THE BRIDGE, the police helicopter travels close to water, moving parallel to the bridge, but low, so that it of the sightline of the vehicles above.
167) 0) text: It's getting dark.  We've been in this section of factori before, with John Doe.  The police helicopter soars overh
190) 0) text: Somerset runs to his car, driven, gasping for breath, sti soaking wet.  He stops for one second, looks. Not too far away, the police helicopter flies low to the turning in wide circles. Somerset climbs into the car, starts it up.  He drives aw leaving his lights off.  The engine protests loudly, forc its limit.  The car disappears in darkness. The police helicopter circles, useless.
195) 0) text: A field of blue.  Cops in orderly rows.  The funeral of D Mills.  Many police officials and politicians stand in tr Somerset is here, in his dress blue uniform.  He stares f still numb, beaten.  Rifles are raised by a corps of rifl Blanks explode from the barrels.  They reload in unison. Somerset looks towards the grace where Mills' casket lies an American flag.  Tracy is there. Tracy stands surrounded by strangers at the grave-site. head is lowered.  She cries.  Each blast of the rifle sal causes her to react with a start.
199) 0) text: Cars roll by in the street.  Cops come and go. Somerset walks up the stairs into the precinct house.