10) 0) text: A wall is stained by a starburst of blood.  Somerset stan melancholy, looking at a body on the floor under a sheet sawed-off shotgun.  The apartment is gloomy.  DETECTIVE T 52, looks through a notepad.
16) 28) text: Somerset stands, perplexed, stares at the dead man.  Ther knock at the door.  The detectives look to DOCTOR THOMAS O'NEILL, 52, the medical examiner.  O'Neill is a frumpy m seems a bit gone, looking at the green bulb.
30) 0) text: A marble hallway.  A DETECTIVE, 50, nervously chewing his quickly leads Mills and Somerset past cops and forensics.
30) 1) dialog: I said to myself, I'm not going to screw around with this.  Nope.  Fuck that. It's still pretty fresh meat.  I called the medical examiner... he's coming. (stops at door) When I got to it, I knew.  As soon as I laid eyes on it, I knew...
30) 2) text: The detective opens the door.  FOLLOW Somerset and Mills
31) 1) dialog: ...this is your guy who did this.
31) 2) text: The nude dead man's legs are folded under him as if he we kneeling, and he's bent forward, chin on the floor.  His are open, his arms outstretched before him.  Mills and So walk to either side of the man. The detective closes the door, bites his thumbnail.  The apartment is on a high floor, so it's quiet. Somerset sees the window has been covered with a sheet of gel, stapled in place to produce the colored light. Mills examines the corpse.  There's a chair one foot behi nude man.  It's an elegant leather chair, drenched in blo There's a carving knife on the carpet in the middle of a stain of blood under the chair.  Mills looks at pieces of rope on the floor behind the chair.  The rope is knotted. Somerset crouches beside the body.  There's a big piece o missing from the man's left side, as if the love-handle h lopped off.  Hundreds of pennies lie scattered under and the man.  The man's hands are palms up, fingers wrapped a more pennies. Mills walks over to examine a scale on the floor between corpse and the doorway.  It's an old-fashioned counter-ba scale with two suspended dishes on a see-saw arm.  In the dish: the hunk of flesh missing from the man's side.  In dish: a one pound counterweight.
34) 2) text: Somerset turns back to typing.  The captain steps in, loo the workman, then drops more papers on Somerset's desk. As always, the neatly groomed captain clenches his jaw. looks around.  Two of boxes on the floor have DETECTIVE M written across them.  The captain picks one up, puts it o of the other.  He sits, watching Somerset, starts straigh the forms on the desk.
50) 0) text: It still rains outside.  Somerset enters, stops to notice DETECTIVE MILLS painted on the door where his name used t He walks, sees all his belongings have been moved from hi and piled on a small temporary desk in the corner. Somerset sits at the temporary desk, starts organizing th and papers.  Mills enters carrying the box of books.
68) 0) text: Our detectives are fast asleep on the couch, leaning agai each other.  People pass and look at them strangely.
75) 29) text: Mills kneels and lifts the bottom of the sheet off the fl finds an open shoebox.  On the box: TO THE DETECTIVES.
79) 10) text: There is a sudden brilliant flash of light and the SOUND CAMERA ADVANCING.  Mills and Somerset look -- Down the stairs, John is posing as a reporter.  He has hi camera and flash up, pointed at the detectives.
83) 6) text: The officer leaves.  Mills starts sorting through piles o desk.  He doesn't know where to begin. He sits back in his chair, looks at the collage-like coll of pictures pinned on the walls: photos and diagrams of t murder scenes, the drawing of the sun and eye, color page black and white copies of pages from art books. He stares, thinking.  He stands, takes a photocopy off th The killer's first note: Dear Detectives, Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to the light.
109) 2) text: Mills stands over the artist.  Sarah, Billy and two deput detectives are at work in the room, photographing, search
134) 0) text: It's a madhouse outside The Hot House.  Police action in progress.  Cops have formed a barrier, holding off a crow creating an aisle to the back of a jail-van.  Cops and detectives escort various men, women and transvestites in large vehicle.  The crowd, consisting of the dregs of soc is angry.  Some spit and throw trash at the cops.
137) 6) text: The sheet is lifted for the detectives.  They grimace at they see.  We do not see.  Somerset closes his eyes and w face a wall, shaken.  The first attendant replaces the sh Mills steps back, takes out his handkerchief and sucks on
139) 0) text: Somerset and Mills are shell-shocked, seated at their des Somerset is looking out the window.  Mills stares at the Somerset looks to his temporary desk.  He picks up a smal of mail, sorts through it.  An 8" by 10" manila envelope interests him.  It reads DETECTIVE SOMERSET on the outsid handwritten in red marker.  He opens it. He takes out a grainy photograph of he and Tracy kissing car.  It's obviously been taken with a special night-lens Somerset goes pale, suppressing a gasp.  He holds the pho hide it from Mills, looks to see Mills has not noticed. feels panicky, crumples the photo and envelope in his han
148) 0) text: Mills and Somerset walk past booking cubicles and benches handcuffed low-lifes.  The place is swimming with activit The two detectives head to a duty desk at the end of the
196) 4) text: The captain takes out a sealed envelope.  Somerset takes On the envelope: DETECTIVE SOMERSET, handwritten, in red