44) 0) text: A bright, tawdry intersection.  Neon swirls and circuit-b porno theatres provide the flash.  Cars, taxies, and bark urging sexual indulgence from doorways provide the noise. The streets and sidewalks are crowded with lonely humans, men, looking around, sizing up promises made on porno pla FUN WITH NUDES, BIG BOOBS, NAKED DESIRE, etc.  The usual contingent of abnormal cretins wanders in the crowd, look someone to hurt. MOVE through the crowds.  Meet JOHN, a balding, middle-ag wearing thick glasses.  There is not a single thing stran unusual about his appearance.  FOLLOW him as he walks.  H nervous, looking at the porno palaces. His sweaty hand clutches a Bible tight against his chest. doesn't feel comfortable being here. John walks to a corner, waits for the light so he may cro grotesque STREET PREACHER approaches waving his own Bible People walk away from him, so he confronts John.
44) 2) text: John tries to ignore, traffic blocking his escape.
44) 4) dialog: (quiet anger) Leave me alone.
44) 6) text: Finally the light changes.  John turns and spits in the preacher's face.  The preacher recoils as John crosses qu John hurries between cars in the crosswalk.  The preacher from the corner, his voice drowned out in traffic.
45) 0) text: People pass on the sidewalk.  John is amongst them, but h stops, looking up at something offscreen. He's looking at a bright red storefront adorned with red THE HOT HOUSE.  Massage parlor.  The Hot House's BARKER n John's interest.
45) 2) text: John doesn't hear the barker.  Steps up to study fading p of naked women massaging happy men.  Nudity.
45) 4) text: John's just looking, his face bathed in bright red light, neon reflected in his thick glasses.
56) 0) text: John climbs the stairs holding the leather case and a clo shoebox.  He wears clip-on sunglasses, a hat pulled low, overcoat on his plump body.
57) 0) text: John comes from the stairwell door, looks, walks up the h The walls are graffitied.  The soiled floor is wet in spo ARGUMENTS and LOUD CHILDREN are HEARD from behind closed John comes to apartment 303.  He's winded from the climb. takes out keys, lets himself in.  Closes the door.
79) 10) text: There is a sudden brilliant flash of light and the SOUND CAMERA ADVANCING.  Mills and Somerset look -- Down the stairs, John is posing as a reporter.  He has hi camera and flash up, pointed at the detectives.
79) 11) dialog: Say cheese.
79) 12) text: He takes another picture, flashbulb flashing.  Mills char downwards, grabs John by his wrinkled clothing.
79) 14) text: John squirms, holds up a laminated PRESS identification p
79) 15) dialog: I have a right, Officer.  I...
79) 16) text: Mills shoves him and John stumbles a few steps, then fall the landing below with a thud.  His glasses fly off.
79) 18) text: Somerset steps down and pulls Mills back.  John stands.
79) 19) dialog: You can't do this!  You can't...
79) 21) text: John gets his glasses, scrambles downstairs, out of sight
79) 22) dialog: The public has a right to know!
105) 0) text: Somerset enters from the room of notebooks.  This is John art studio.  Windowless, with several easels holding pain in various states of completion.  The walls are covered w photos and finished canvases, except for one wall which i white.  Somerset turns the lights off. There is a 16mm film projector on a table, facing the bla wall.  Somerset turns the projector on.  It clatters to l running a piece of film. The film is spliced into a non-stop loop. Somerset watche wall, light strobing across him. The projector shows an image of clouds drifting, with str superimposed angels in flowing robes floating jerkily.  I like an old, Hollywood version of heaven. The image switches abruptly to fire and tormented souls l around a pit of molten goo.  Like Heaven, it's a scratche of film from Hollywood's early days. Somerset turns to examine one of the paintings on an ease painting has been skillfully rendered, in small, controll brush strokes.  It shows a modern city street, stylized, The city is peopled by mutated humans and freakish beasts Sinners in the streets, killing, raping, pillaging.  Buil are burning, blood is being spilled.  It's dense with det Somerset walks to another painting which is covered by a cloth.  He removes the cloth, uncovers a huge canvas.  We see the painting, but when Somerset does his features tur
106) 0) text: A block of burnt-out row homes and warehouses.  Stray, wi roam in a pack.  A car turns down this street.  It's John car, moving fast.  Its headlights go out and it cruises, avoiding garbage cans in the street. FOLLOW the dark car.  Ahead, a few blocks away, we can se only lights in this neighborhood, the flashing reds, whit blues of police activity.
107) 0) text: John Doe brings the car to a stop.  He watches the police work around the abandoned church.  He gives no discernabl reaction, puts the car in reverse.  He looks behind as he back the way he came.
109) 0) text: The forensic walks through with the hand in a clear plast past a FEMALE SKETCH ARTIST who puts the finishing touche fairly accurate drawing of the balding John Doe.
111) 2) dialog: (from recorder) I admire you, David.  Imagine my surprise on finding you at my doorstep. I admire you more and more every day.
111) 4) dialog: (from recorder) No, no, no!  You listen and don't talk. I suppose you found the painting and the photos.  This is just as well.  Now we all know we've all seen each other. (pause) I mean what I say.  I do admire you.
111) 6) dialog: Oh, there is one other thing.  Fourteen hundred thirty.  West Eighty-sixth street.  Apartment six-o-four.
111) 7) text: John Doe hangs up.
118) 0) text: In Somerset's car, Tracy and Somerset continue talking. On the other side of the street, closer to the middle of block, John Doe's car is parallel parked at the curb.
119) 0) text: Behind the wheel, John Doe is slumped low, calmly watchin Somerset and Tracy.  He can see them clearly from here.
123) 0) text: John Doe watches Somerset's car leave.  Doe turns his att to Tracy, who hurries along the other side of the street. looks back, enters her apartment building, digs out her k She gets through the door and climbs stairs, disappearing
132) 0) text: Porno theaters and Adult Bookstores rule these busy sidew Marquees offer SEXY STUFF, PUSSY FEST and movies like MID PLOWBOY and NATIONAL LAM-PORN'S CHRISTMAS INSERTION.  Cop walking through the pedestrian flow, handing out photocop There are many patrol cars on the street.  Definitely a l than usual police presence. Cops are questioning the proprietors of porn at the entra their shops and theaters. Cops are taping photocopies onto lamp posts.  These photo are warnings, with the drawing of John Doe's face above a of information and the words HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MAN?
133) 0) text: Somerset's holding up the composite sketch of John Doe.
143) 0) text: John Doe walks in this section of huge industrial complex Factories and foundries are lined side by side, seemingly miles.  We can HEAR TUGBOAT HORNS sounding low and deep. near the water. Doe seems to know where he's going.  He passes stacks of industrial piping and steel drums piled to the sky. He walks through an industrial junk-yard filled with tras bulldozers, trucks and discarded factory equipment.  It's stroll through a bone-yard of dead dinosaurs. At the end of this field of metal, there is a tall, narro alleyway formed by two warehouses.  Doe enters, looking u the single lit bulb on the wall above. He looks at the ground, picks up a rock and a beaten hubc walks under the bulb.  He throws the hubcap with all his It soars, but misses the bulb, falls to the ground behind Doe takes aim with the rock.  He throws, grunting. The rock smashes the bulb, bringing darkness to the alley Doe walks back to the mouth of the alley.  He stops and t start from there.  He walks, deliberately, looking down a feet.    FOLLOW as he walks. He stops, looks back to the way he came, then looks down ground in front of him again.  He takes off his thick gla He holds the glasses in his hand.
147) 9) text: They enter the precinct house.  Down the sidewalk, from a distance, comes John Doe.  His brown workboots and clothi splattered with blood. He walks towards the precinct house, hands in his pockets he's merely out for a walk on a Sunday afternoon.  People sidewalk stop upon seeing him, avoiding him.
148) 6) text: Mills stops, looks.  Somerset stops, looks back down the John Doe stands inside the precinct house doors.  He hold his arms as if to say "presto, here I am." Near silence comes to the room as all eyes go to the figu John Doe. Mills is riveted, finding this impossible to comprehend. One UNIFORMED COP takes out his gun, points it at John Do
148) 14) text: John Doe gets on his knees, hands up.  Mills moves close, not too.  ONE COP comes from behind, nudges Doe with his
148) 17) text: John Doe gets on his stomach, obeys.  Mills comes right u Doe, steps on his neck, puts his gun against Doe's head.
148) 21) dialog: Hello, Lieutenant Somerset.
148) 23) text: The cop putting the handcuffs on Doe holds up Doe's hands winces.  Every single one of Doe's fingers has a bandage around it.  John Doe looks up, his face pressed against t floor, glasses askew, Mills' gun at his temple.
148) 24) dialog: I want to speak with my lawyer.
149) 0) text: Mills, Somerset and the captain stand in darkness. On the other side of a two-way mirror, John Doe is seated restraining chair in an interrogation room.  His hands an are bound with leather straps to the chair's arm and legs strap hold tight around Doe's throat.  This is not some superman/serial killer.  He looks more like an eccentric professor.  His lawyer MARK SWARR, 43, sits at a table, t notes. Mills holds a fingerprint card.  The black ink prints are useless blobs with traces of blood in them.
155) 0) text: Mills' car pulls out of the fenced parking lot.  John Doe seated in the rear. The car speeds up on the street, turns onto an avenue, he into a canyon formed by tall buildings.  At the corner, a parked. Somerset is at the wheel.  He pulls out, follows Mills' c
157) 0) text: Mills drives, looking to the back seat through the rearvi mirror.  A steel mesh partition separates front from back John Doe sits with his hands cuffed.  He is dressed in gr pants and a gray shirt.  His feet are cuffed to a metal f on the floor of the car.  Rivulets of sweat pour down his He seems wired.
157) 3) dialog: It doesn't matter who I am.  Who I am means absolutely nothing.
158) 2) dialog: (from receiver) I want this to go well.  It's very important to me, obviously.
159) 2) dialog: (from headset) Turn right on this street.  Stay in the left lane.
166) 2) dialog: Wanting people to pay attention, you can't just tap them on the shoulder.
166) 3) text: John Doe strains to turn, looks out the back window.
166) 4) dialog: Sometimes you have to hit them in the head with a sledgehammer... and then you get their strict attention.
166) 6) dialog: Looking back... at the city proper...
166) 8) dialog: And yet, no pillar of salt. (smiles to himself) Lost on you, isn't it?  You've never read the Bible, have you, David?
166) 13) dialog: You make me sick.
166) 16) dialog: (under his breath) Ignorant heathen.
166) 19) dialog: The Lord works in mysterious ways.
167) 0) text: It's getting dark.  We've been in this section of factori before, with John Doe.  The police helicopter soars overh
172) 1) dialog: (from receiver) We can walk from here.
174) 1) dialog: It's right this way.
174) 5) dialog: In here.
176) 2) text: Doe stops abruptly.  He spins on his heels, facing Mills. Mills is getting closer, pumped, ready to pull the trigge Doe reaches up with his hands, takes off his glasses.  He them in one hand.  The SOUND of the WATER is LOUDER. Mills is about six feet from Doe, and knows something's w John Doe smiles.
184) 0) text: There is a plastic bag with an automatic pistol and extra inside hanging from a protruding shut-off valve.  John Do hands tear the bag open, taking the contents.
187) 4) text: John Doe steps out of the waterfall, putting on his glass He seems calm, unloads his gun into Mills' back... BLAM, Mills twists, blown forward by the bullets slamming into bullet-proof vest.  BLAM, BLAM, BLAM... he stumbles, tryi turn and fire back, but bullets strike him down and he fa the floor of the catwalk, gun falling from his hand. CLICK.  Doe's gun is empty.  The gunshots echo.  Mills la there on his stomach, pounded, blacking out, the hot bull his vest smoking and sizzling from the water splashing th Doe moves quickly, starts searching Mills' pockets.
192) 1) dialog: Hello, Somerset.
192) 4) dialog: He's here.  With me.
192) 7) dialog: What do I want?  The same you... I want an ending.  Stay where you are.  Put your gun on the floor and slide it all the way down here.
192) 11) dialog: You're an intelligent man, Somerset. You understand what you're a part of, don't you?  When this is finished, it will seem surreal, but it will be a whole, crystalline reality.  And, no one will be able to deny it, no matter how hard they try.
192) 15) dialog: You know that's not true.  You know.
192) 18) dialog: Stay where you are!
192) 20) dialog: I won't deny my personal desires.  I won't.
192) 22) dialog: But, I don't mourn the victims in this any more than I mourn the thousands who died in Sodom and Gomorrah.
192) 26) dialog: Stop!
192) 31) dialog: Yes.
192) 35) dialog: How can you speak of God, Somerset? When was the last time you spoke His name?
192) 37) dialog: When did you last speak His name?  Was it in prayer?  Or, did you say the Lord's name after you stubbed your big toe?  Or, did you use His name to curse another man?
192) 41) dialog: The irony, David, is that you policemen and I want the same things.  But, you are so short sighted.  In this city, where you can see a deadly sin on every street corner... and in every home, we want repentance.
192) 43) dialog: We want good over evil.  We want values instilled in the children.  We want a world where a man or woman can lead a decent life. (pause) Wisdom, understanding, counsel, fortitude, knowledge, piety, and fear of the Lord.  Such simple concepts.  Why are they non-existent?
192) 47) dialog: There were two men once, who had wonderful gardens.  Two gardens of flowers that went on as far as the eye could see.  Beautiful gardens... the fragrance was inspiration in itself.
192) 49) dialog: But, both gardens were beset by problems.  Weeds started to take root, and there were infestations of insects and diseases.  The gardens started to turn putrid.  And, one man fought to save his garden, because he could never forget how it once was.  Everyday he cut the weeds, and killed the insects. Fought the diseases.
192) 51) dialog: That man never had a beautiful garden again.
192) 53) dialog: The other man plowed his garden under. (pause) He plowed it under the soil.  He started over.
192) 55) dialog: Stay there, Somerset.  Or, I'll kill him right now.
192) 58) dialog: Do you think I chose this?  Can you even begin to understand how painful my existence has been?  It's like... like having every sense heightened beyond comprehension.
192) 60) dialog: So that the stench of the street coats your throat like bile.  So, sugar is so sweet it... it makes your bones ache to the marrow.
192) 62) dialog: (seething) No!  You're wrong!
192) 64) dialog: I was chosen.  And I've wished a thousand times I could have been a normal man.  Like David Mills, a common man... with a common life.  But, wishing that is my sin.  I can't have it and I shouldn't.
192) 67) dialog: I meant what I said.  I admire David Mills.  I envy David Mills. (pause) Envy is my sin.
192) 77) text: Doe stands, quaking, teeth clenched, fists balled up.  He for the bullets, falls to his knees. The gun trembles in Somerset's hand as Somerset brings th barrel to Doe's face.  A millisecond's pause.  Somerset c the angle of fire.  BLAM, he blows John Doe's arm to piec splattering explosion. Doe screams, falling back, on the altar floor.
198) 0) text: Sidewalks jammed with people, hurrying.  Somerset walks i fog, hands in his pockets.  He stops at a corner, but doe cross.  He stands there, looks up. At the city around him.  The buildings towering over him. At the cars, buses and taxies racing in the streets, blow their horns and spouting soot. Somerset reaches into his jacket pocket, takes out the en from John Doe.  He studies it in his hand.