21) 0) text: The front and one side of the shop are entirely open to t sidewalk and street.  A transparent plastic canopy frames entrance.  A STRANGE MAN, 20, stands at the edge of the c He wears a stained sweatsuit outfit and hums a song, obli Tracy and Mills look together over the piles of fruits an vegetables piled on wooden stands which form tight aisles
21) 6) text: Mills throws some oranges in the basket hanging from Trac arm.  He goes to check out the carrots.  Tracy looks up f heads of lettuce to the strange man at the entrance. The strange man hums on, rocking back and forth slowly, h glassy.  Customers come and go, paying him no mind. Mills notices Tracy's interest.  He keeps comparing carro
21) 8) text: The strange man suddenly stops humming and looks into the with a crooked grin.
21) 9) dialog: Name that tune?  Anybody name that tune? Name that tune...
21) 17) text: Tracy looks again to the strange man.
21) 18) dialog: Name that tune?  Anybody name that tune?
21) 29) text: Mills steps towards the open air entrance.  He's watching something.  The strange man is still heard offscreen. Tracy reaches to a high wooden shelf, trying to reach a b rice, her back to Mills.
23) 0) text: Tracy rolls her eyes in amused disappointment.  She sighs Mills passes the babbling strange man, comes up to Tracy.
23) 5) dialog: That was the theme from tv's Mod Squad. I'm surprised nobody got that one.
23) 6) text: The strange man starts humming a new tune.  An old man tr get through the aisle where Mills and Tracy are kissing.
23) 7) dialog: (infuriated) Excuse me.  Excuse me!
84) 0) text: Big brass lamps hang from the high ceiling.  Mahogany cha tables run down the center floor which is bordered by thr levels of balconies.  People wander like ants in an ant f Mills walks, taking it all in.  He goes to the circulatio Impatient patrons wait in a long line.  He watches the bo HEAD LIBRARIAN, female, 64, help an old man at the desk. She opens the old man's books, runs a laser pen over a ba sticker, pushes a few buttons on a computer.
135) 0) text: An ANGRY COP pounds his nightstick on a glass cage.  Insi cage sits an oily FAT MAN in front of a wall of sex toys.
135) 1) dialog: Just wait!
135) 3) dialog: Just wait!  I'll come out, just wait!