1) 0) text: Sunlight comes through the soot on the windows, more brow bright.  SOMERSET, 45, in a suit and tie, stands in this second-story room.  He looks around, at the ceiling, at t wooden floor, at the peeling wallpaper on the walls. Somerset walks to one wall where the current wallpaper is away to reveal flowery wallpaper underneath.  He runs his across one of the pale red roses that decorates the older He pushes the grime away, brings the rose out more clearl He pulls at the edge of the paper, carefully ripping off roughly squared section with the rose at its center. He studies it in his hand.
2) 0) text: Birds sing.  Somerset stands, pondering the forested land
2) 2) text: Somerset does not respond. The MAN, in an ill-fitting rea estate jacket, is seated on the hood of a dirty Ford Thunderbird.  He holds a check and a booklet of receipts.
2) 4) dialog: No... no.  There's nothing wrong.
2) 5) text: Somerset still seems distant.
2) 7) dialog: Soon.
2) 9) dialog: Everything here still seems... seems so strange to me.  All this.
2) 11) text: The man walks over to hand over a receipt.  Somerset acce receipt, folds it.  Somerset smiles.
2) 12) dialog: That is exactly what I mean.  Strange.
2) 13) text: Somerset looks back at the house.  The man does not under
3) 0) text: Somerset is in a window seat, smoking a cigarette, lookin the speeding train.  He is near the back of the car, away the few other passengers. Outside, farms, small homes and lawns pass.  The entire p is dappled by the rays of the soon setting sun. The light flickers across Somerset's placid face.
4) 0) text: The train is nearly full.  Somerset has his suitcase on t aisle seat beside him.  He has a hardcover book unopened lap.  He still stares out the window, but his disposition soured.  The train is passing an ugly, swampy field. A car's burnt-out skeleton sits rusting in the bracken. further on, two dogs are fighting, circling, attacking, t coats matted with blood. Somerset turns his head to watch the dogs. Away in the field, another dog sprints to join the fight.
5) 0) text: Passing urban streets below.  Slums.  Smashed cars.  Peop stand on the corners, under the bleak glow of street lamp Somerset's suitcase is by the window.  Somerset is now in aisle seat, reading his book.
6) 0) text: Curtains closed.  The SOUNDS of the CITY are here as they be everywhere in this story.  A CAR ALARM SHRIEKS.  Somer life is packed in many moving boxes, except for clothing closet and hundreds of books on shelves. Somerset, dressed only in his underwear, lays back on the He reaches to the nightstand, to a wooden, pyramidical metronome. He frees the metronome's weighted swingarm so it moves ba forth.  Swings to the left... TICK, swings to the right.. Tick, tick, tick, measured and steady. Somerset situates on the bed, closes his eyes.  The metro ticking competes with the sound of the car alarm.  Somers face tightens as he concentrates on the metronome. His eyes close tighter. Tick, tick, tick... the swingarm moves evenly.  Somerset' breathing deepens.  The car ALARM seems QUIETER. Tick, tick, tick.  Somerset continues his concentration. The METRONOME is the ONLY SOUND.  Somerset's face relaxes slightly as he begins to fall asleep.  Tick, tick, tick..
9) 0) text: Somerset picks items off a moving box:  keys, wallet, hom badge.  Finally, he opens the hardcover book from the tra From the pages, he takes the pale, wallpaper rose.
10) 0) text: A wall is stained by a starburst of blood.  Somerset stan melancholy, looking at a body on the floor under a sheet sawed-off shotgun.  The apartment is gloomy.  DETECTIVE T 52, looks through a notepad.
10) 2) dialog: Did his wife confess?  Did she actually speak the words?
10) 4) dialog: Yes.  Look at all the passion splattered up on the wall here.
10) 7) text: Somerset looks at a coloring-book open on the coffee tabl There are crayons beside it.  Somerset picks the book up. He flips through: crudely colored pictures.
10) 8) dialog: Did their son see it happen?
10) 10) text: Somerset replaces the book, digs up a cigarette from his
10) 14) text: Somerset lights his cigarette, looks to Mills.
11) 0) text: A body-bag is carried through the crowd around the teneme doors.  Somerset follows.  Mills follows Somerset.  They towards the end of the filthy block.
11) 2) dialog: I heard you brought in two small-timers last night.
11) 4) dialog: Since we are just starting out, I thought we could go to a bar.  Sit and talk for awhile.  That way we can...
11) 6) text: Somerset walks, no reply.  Mills searches to get a read o
11) 7) dialog: I meant to ask you something... when we spoke on the phone.  I can't help wondering... (pause) Why are you here?
11) 9) dialog: All this effort you've gone through, to be transferred from Philadelphia to here.  It's the first question that pops into my head.
11) 12) text: Somerset stops and faces Mills.
11) 13) dialog: You think you know me?  You just met me two minutes ago.
11) 15) dialog: It's very simple.  You've come from the "City of Brotherly Love" to the "City of Brotherly Hate," detective.  I've never seen it done that way.
11) 17) dialog: Let me tell you how I want this to go. I want you to look, and I want you to listen.
11) 19) dialog: But, you've never worked homicide in this city.
11) 21) dialog: Well, please do me the favor of remembering it.
11) 22) text: Mills just stares back at Somerset.  Somerset walks.  Mil rolls his eyes, looks to heaven like, "what'd I do to des this?"  He follows Somerset.
12) 0) text: Somerset lies asleep on the bed.  It is still dark outsid Relatively quiet.  The PHONE beside the inactive metronom HARSHLY.  Somerset awakens suddenly, rankled.
15) 0) text: A dark hall.  Somerset and Mills stand with OFFICER DAVIS beefy, uniformed cop.  Light from a camera's flash spills from the nearby kitchen.  Davis hands Somerset two flashl
15) 1) dialog: At what time did you confirm the death?
15) 8) text: Somerset steps in, heads Mills off.
15) 9) dialog: Thank you, Officer Davis.  We'll see you again after we've had a look.
15) 11) text: Davis leaves, eyeing Mills.  Mills watches him.  Somerset Mills a flashlight, takes out surgical gloves.
15) 12) dialog: I wonder what exactly was the point of the conversation you were about to get into?
15) 14) text: Somerset snaps one glove over his hand and checks the fit
15) 15) dialog: Drop it.  We have more important concerns just now, don't we?
16) 0) text: The POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER packs up, hoists his camera and equipment bag.  Somerset and Mills enter.  Mills puts on pair of rubber gloves.  The grubby kitchen is small; bare for four people to move around in.  The photographer exit
16) 2) text: The only light is a murky green illumination from the cei The light bathes an OBESE MAN who is slumped forward in a kitchen chair, face-down-dead in a plate of spaghetti. The sizable kitchen table's green tablecloth is covered w soiled paper plates.  The plates hold bits of half-eaten sandwiches, potatoes, donuts and other junk-food remnants Mills and Somerset turn on their flashlights.  Mills poin at the green bulb above.  Aluminum foil has been wrapped the bulb to focus the light on the corpse. Somerset sweeps the room with his flashlight.  He goes to body and kneels beside it.  There's a rope tied around th man's wide gut.  Mills comes to stand beside Somerset.
16) 4) text: Somerset crouches lower, uses a pen to lift one of the de man's pants cuffs.  Rope is tied around the purplish ankl Mills examines the knots behind the chair's back.  Shines flashlight on the man's belly.
16) 6) text: Somerset isn't listening, focused on the corpse.  He stud man's head and neck without touching.
16) 8) dialog: (irritated) Not yet.
16) 9) text: Somerset stands, points his flashlight: the obese man's s hands are clutching utensils.  A knife in the left hand, sticking straight up in the right with a hunk of meat han skewered.  Cockroaches swarm. Mills turns to the sink and stove.  Each burner of the st a used pot or pan on it.  There's food slopped everywhere
16) 11) text: Somerset walks to the room's only window.  The window has painted over with black paint.  he touches the window wit pinkie finger.  The paint is still wet. Mills goes to a trash can by the refrigerator.  The trash full to the brim with empty food containers.
16) 15) dialog: If you could... spare me the anecdotes for now.  Leave the refrigerator open for the light.
16) 17) text: Somerset looks at the floor, deep in thought.  His flashl beam follows a trail of dripped sauces, soups and bits of running from the stove to the table.
16) 18) dialog: What do you smell?  Other than him, and all the food.
16) 20) text: Somerset goes close to the table, then leans to peer unde
16) 21) dialog: A bucket.
16) 22) text: Somerset points the flashlight and Mills crouches, pulls tablecloth on his side of the table.  Two large dead rats the floor beside a metal bucket. Mills grimaces, slides under the table, careful to avoid rats.  He looks in the bucket.  He leans back, baffled.
16) 24) text: He looks at Somerset under the table.
16) 26) dialog: Is there any blood in it?
16) 28) text: Somerset stands, perplexed, stares at the dead man.  Ther knock at the door.  The detectives look to DOCTOR THOMAS O'NEILL, 52, the medical examiner.  O'Neill is a frumpy m seems a bit gone, looking at the green bulb.
16) 34) dialog: Guessing this early is useless.
16) 38) dialog: Well, three is certainly a crowd in here.  And, with four, someone's bound to be stepping on evidence. (pause) Detective Mills, go help the officers question the neighbors.
16) 40) text: Somerset watches O'Neill at the corpse.  O'Neill points a flashlight with his mouth, his hands free for the examina
16) 41) dialog: (not looking up) Send one forensic in on your way out.
16) 42) text: Mills is pissed.  He lifts his flashlight to shine it on side of Somerset's face. A moment passes.  Somerset looks at Mills, light shining directly in Somerset's eyes.  A longer moment.  Mills swi the light off.  He leaves. O'Neill unceremoniously places both hands on the dead man head, lifts the swollen visage from the spaghetti.
17) 0) text: THWACK, THWACK... THWACK.  Mills punches the heavy bag wi hard, quick punches.  Sweat drips off his face.  He's in out clothing, a bundle of nerves wearing boxing gloves. The walls are covered in mirrors.  Other cops watch Mills they pass, checking out the new kid.  Mills keeps punchin skillfully. He stops when he sees Somerset reflected in one of the mi Somerset walks over, carrying a pizza box with paper pile top.  He sits on a near bench, takes out a cigarette.
17) 1) dialog: Pizza and paperwork, Detective Mills.
18) 0) text: Mills opens a door and enters with Somerset behind.  They alone.  Chairs face an old, limp-roped boxing ring.  Prac pads hang from pegs on a wall.  Mills clasps a pair in hi gloves, offers them to Somerset.
18) 1) dialog: No.
18) 3) text: Somerset takes the pads reluctantly, puts them on.  He st the un-lit cigarette hanging from his mouth.  Mills climb the ring.  He holds the ropes open for Somerset, waits. Somerset doesn't want to do this, but he climbs up.
18) 5) dialog: Yes.  Impressive work.
18) 6) text: Mills motions to Somerset and Somerset holds up the pract pads.  Mills starts working them, lightly, warming up. THWACK... THWACK...
18) 8) dialog: I know it.  That doesn't mean...
18) 10) text: THWACK... THWACK... Somerset's very stiff, uncomfortable.
18) 11) dialog: I made a decision, because I have to worry about the integrity of the scene.
18) 13) dialog: When I'm on scene, I'm not going to worry whether you think you're getting enough time on the playing field.  I'm there to do the work.
18) 14) text: Mills punches a little more aggressively.  Somerset's bac flinching, keeping the pads high.  THWACK... THWACK... TH
18) 16) dialog: You've worked Homicide for four years, or for five years... Don't count the half-years, unless you want to sound like a rookie.
18) 17) text: Mills unloads a mighty wallop and one practice pad recoil Somerset's face, knocks Somerset on his ass.
18) 21) text: Somerset looks at the broken cigarette in his mouth.  He contains his anger.  He seems to realize Mills has a poin
18) 23) text: Mills exits.  Somerset spits out the broken cigarette.
26) 0) text: The room is cold, clean.  Stainless steel.  White tile. pathologists work at slabs.  Mills and Somerset are with SANTIAGO, 35, who stands over the mostly dissected obese
26) 2) text: Santiago reaches into the belly of the cavernous corpse. moves closer beside Somerset, but not too close, trying t his disgust.  We hear squashy sounds as Santiago works, b don't see in.
26) 6) text: Somerset's looking in, not believing what he sees.
26) 7) dialog: Doctor, are you saying this man... ate till he burst?
26) 9) text: Somerset walks around the slab, looking the body over.
26) 12) text: Somerset notices something on the partially shaved head. He leans close to look at five or six small bruises on th of the dead man's head; circular bruises, some darker tha others, all about the same diameter as a dime.
26) 14) text: Somerset stands straight, realizes something about the br
26) 18) text: Mills gets Somerset's attention, hands him the jar.  Some looks at it a long time.
27) 0) text: Outside the door to the murder scene, Mills and Somerset through the RESTRICTED AREA/CRIME SCENE seal.
27) 1) dialog: Those bruises on the back of the victim's head were caused by the muzzle of a gun.
28) 0) text: Somerset and Mills enter.  Somerset takes out the jar of scrapings, turns on the now normal light.  They begin to
28) 1) dialog: He was force-fed... till his body started rejecting the food.  He literally couldn't eat another bite.
28) 3) dialog: His throat was swollen from the effort. He was bleeding internally. He must have blacked out... and, if you're the killer, you're not going to want to wait around for him to die.
28) 4) text: Somerset examines the counter tops and wall.  Mills gets his knees, examines the linoleum floor.
28) 6) text: Somerset gets down, holds the jar against the linoleum.
28) 7) dialog: Same color and texture.
28) 10) dialog: Always look for one thing to focus on. There's always one singular thing, and it might be as small as a speck of dust, but find it and focus... till it's an exhausted possibility.
28) 12) dialog: Exactly.  Why would so many pieces be inside his stomach unless they were placed there intentionally?
28) 13) text: Somerset notices deep scratches in the linoleum, fingers grooves.  He takes a piece of plastic from the jar, holds the scratches, fiddles with it, fits it in.  He looks up these scratches are in front of the refrigerator.  It loo they were caused by the refrigerator having been pulled a from the wall and pushed back at some time.
29) 0) text: We are BEHIND THE REFRIGERATOR as it is rocked back and f It's pulled away from the wall.  Somerset and Mills strai a few more feet, then release.  They lean to look -- The refrigerator had hidden a space on the wall where the has been cleared.  In that space: a circle, smeared in gr and a note taped in the center of the circle. Somerset's BEEPER starts BEEPING.  Mills leans to read:
29) 2) dialog: Milton.
29) 4) dialog: It's a quote from a book.  Milton's Paradise Lost.
29) 5) text: Somerset takes out his beeper, looks at the LED window. looks up at Mills, like they've received very bad news.
30) 0) text: A marble hallway.  A DETECTIVE, 50, nervously chewing his quickly leads Mills and Somerset past cops and forensics.
30) 2) text: The detective opens the door.  FOLLOW Somerset and Mills
31) 2) text: The nude dead man's legs are folded under him as if he we kneeling, and he's bent forward, chin on the floor.  His are open, his arms outstretched before him.  Mills and So walk to either side of the man. The detective closes the door, bites his thumbnail.  The apartment is on a high floor, so it's quiet. Somerset sees the window has been covered with a sheet of gel, stapled in place to produce the colored light. Mills examines the corpse.  There's a chair one foot behi nude man.  It's an elegant leather chair, drenched in blo There's a carving knife on the carpet in the middle of a stain of blood under the chair.  Mills looks at pieces of rope on the floor behind the chair.  The rope is knotted. Somerset crouches beside the body.  There's a big piece o missing from the man's left side, as if the love-handle h lopped off.  Hundreds of pennies lie scattered under and the man.  The man's hands are palms up, fingers wrapped a more pennies. Mills walks over to examine a scale on the floor between corpse and the doorway.  It's an old-fashioned counter-ba scale with two suspended dishes on a see-saw arm.  In the dish: the hunk of flesh missing from the man's side.  In dish: a one pound counterweight.
31) 4) text: Somerset stands and walks backwards to view the entire sc from near the door. He looks worried, vaguely frightened.  He turns his head, to a far wall.  Beside a big, abstract, constructivist pa there's a note pinned up inside a triangular smear of blo
32) 0) text: An office full of pictures, books and mugsheets, yet it i meticulously well kept.  The CAPTAIN, 50, sits at his tid He's dressed conservatively.  Mills and Somerset sit befo Somerset reads from a photocopy of the note they just fou
32) 1) dialog: (reading) "One pound of flesh, no more no less. No cartilage, no bone, but only flesh. This task done, and he would go free."
32) 2) text: The captain is a calm man, but whenever not speaking, wit fail, he clenches his jaw repeatedly, causing the muscles neck and jaw to pulse. Somerset stands, paces.
32) 3) dialog: This victim, Mr. Gold, was tied down nude, holding a carving knife.  And he was given a long time... to decide. Where to make the first cut?  There's a gun to your head... but, what part or parts of your body are expendable?
32) 5) dialog: Mr. Gold tried for the whole pound at once, his love handle.  But, he went into shock.  Bled to death.
32) 7) dialog: Look at both killings together.  This murderer is an artist.
32) 9) dialog: He uses colors and symbols.  He positions the bodies after death, so he's working with composition.  It's been premeditated so meticulously... and this is just the beginning.
32) 11) text: Somerset shakes his head "no."
32) 12) dialog: The rats and the pennies.  The circle and the triangle on the wall.  There's something about them... these murders mean something.
32) 14) text: Somerset has no answer.  The captain is irked, jaw clench
32) 18) dialog: I need you to know... I want us reassigned.  We're declining this case.
32) 21) dialog: This cannot be my last duty here.  It's going to go on and on.
32) 23) dialog: Everything else was taken as close to a conclusion as humanly possible.
32) 25) dialog: Also... I don't think this should be Mills' first case.
32) 31) dialog: It would be too much for him, too soon.
32) 33) text: The captain looks at Somerset, then at Mills.
32) 37) text: Mills stands.  Somerset will not look him in the eye.  Mi leaves, slams the door.  Somerset seems deflated.
34) 0) text: Old office.  Moving boxes on the floor.  The single windo a billboard.  Somerset works on a manual typewriter.  He hunt-and-peck, slowly.  His paperwork is on the desk in t sloppy piles.  A jarring SOUND is HEARD OFFSCREEN, like f on a blackboard.  Somerset looks up, irritated. A WORKMAN is working at the open door, holding the source sound, a razor blade he's using to scrape the words DETEC SOMERSET off the door's window.
34) 2) text: Somerset turns back to typing.  The captain steps in, loo the workman, then drops more papers on Somerset's desk. As always, the neatly groomed captain clenches his jaw. looks around.  Two of boxes on the floor have DETECTIVE M written across them.  The captain picks one up, puts it o of the other.  He sits, watching Somerset, starts straigh the forms on the desk.
34) 4) dialog: I'll get a job.  Maybe on a farm.  I'll fix up my house.
34) 6) dialog: (lying) I don't know what you mean.
34) 8) text: Somerset reclines, looks at the captain.
34) 9) dialog: Did you read in the paper today, about the man who took his dog for a walk? And how he was mugged?  And, his wallet was taken, and his watch.  Then, while he was still lying unconscious, his attacker stabbed him with a knife in both eyes.  It happened last night.  Not far from here.
34) 11) dialog: I have no understanding of this place.
34) 13) text: Somerset saddles up to the typewriter.  Hunt-and-peck.
34) 14) dialog: Yes.  You're absolutely right.
34) 17) text: The captain leaves.  Somerset looks up now that the capta gone.  He grabs the paper piles and ruffles them back to disheveled state.  He looks at the workman. The workman is looking at Somerset, has a rag in his hand remove the last remnants of Somerset's name.
34) 18) dialog: (angrily) Put a little elbow grease into it!
37) 0) text: An assault on the senses.  Crowded streets and sidewalks. every corner, in every doorway, on every stairwell -- fre junkies, punks, leather boys and motorcycle girls.  A few tourists wander in the mix, heedful of the dangers around Buildings border narrowly. Somerset walks against the stream.  He carries a file. CAR HORNS HOWL.  MUSIC BLASTS from the entrances of clubs REGGAE from one club is soon OVERTAKEN by RAP from a seco story window.  TECHNO-POP blasts from the tattoo parlor. Somerset does not like this place, views it with disdain. walks to avoid two men fighting on the ground.  The men a pulling hair and pounding each other idiotically. Somerset takes a cigarette from a full pack, lights it as crosses through the traffic jam in the street.  A VAGRANT up with his hand out.
37) 2) dialog: Sorry.  Last one.
38) 0) text: A club at capacity.  The JAZZ MUSIC CONTINUES like a slow breeze from a JAZZ TRIO on a platform. The air is thick with smoke.  Yuppies sit elbow to elbow the last members of the beat generation.  Everyone's drin beer, smoking pot. Somerset crosses the club, looking for someone.  He takes tissue from his pocket, rips pieces off and jams the piec his ears.  At the back of the club, a major-league bounce stands in front of a closed door.  Somerset shows his bad the bouncer steps aside with reservation.
39) 0) text: The walls are black.  Somerset opens the door, enters, wa down the long flight of stairs.  As Somerset descends, th MUSIC FADES and is ENGULFED by the sound of SPEED METAL. DEAFENING. At the bottom, Somerset opens another door.  He enters --
40) 0) text: A narrow room.  SPEED METAL is even LOUDER.  This is a pr art party.  The people are lizard-like, pale.  Men and wo priding themselves on their gauntness. Somerset passes canvases on the walls.  Pointlessly abstr paintings.  Splatters, smears and blobs of color. Party-people stand in front of these "works," engrossed. Somerset slides past, not interested in the art, jamming tissue further in his ears.  He spots his objective. WILLIAM McCRACKEN, 42, stands inside a circle of admirers dressed like a pauper, his baggy clothing stained with ma colors of paint.  He wears dark sunglasses, bored by the bleached-blonde girl whispering in his ear. Somerset worms his way to stand in front of William.  The goers turn their attention to this intrusion. William looks up, pushes the girl away.  He takes off his sunglasses.  His eyes are badly bloodshot and listless. He looks Somerset over... and then grins, glad to see him
42) 0) text: Somerset walks through this vast artist's studio, a conve warehouse space filled with canvases.  It's clear the wor the underground art gallery were William's.  William clim ladder to a loft storage space.  He moves cautiously, lik not quite up to the task.
42) 4) text: William hands the painting to Somerset, walks to a direct chair facing a paint-splashed canvas on an easel.  He is up man, bound in an apathy-induced haze.  He sits, picks squeeze bottle of orange paint from a table of supplies.
42) 6) text: Somerset starts unwrapping the painting. William "paints," using the squeeze bottles and by flicki saturated brushes so that the paint flies against the can Most times, he's not even looking at the canvas or colors using.  He looks over his shoulder at Somerset.
42) 8) text: Somerset looks at the unwrapped painting and is hit by a of memories.  Horribly sad memories.  It's a portrait in a pretty, red-headed woman. William shoots red paint with one hand, concentrates on lighting a filterless cigarette with the other.
42) 14) text: He laughs.  Somerset holds up the delicately rendered por
42) 15) dialog: How is she?  Have you seen her recently?
42) 17) text: Somerset fights the anguish this causes, puts the paintin
42) 18) dialog: Good for her. (pause) I'm leaving soon myself.  I'm finally getting out.
42) 20) dialog: He became a realist.
42) 21) text: William grunts, flicks his cigarette away, takes out a ba pills.  He palms a few, notices the judgment in Somerset'
42) 23) text: William turns his back to Somerset, pops the pills.  Out sight, out of mind.  Somerset is disappointed, disgusted.
42) 24) dialog: (sarcastic) Not that I don't appreciate your recent artistic endeavors... but, what happened to the painter I used to know?
43) 0) text: Color photos of the first and second murder sit on a draw table.  The top photos are like establishing shots, each in the entire display the murderer created. William examines with Somerset looking over his shoulder.
43) 2) dialog: They're not for sale.
43) 3) text: Somerset lays out photos of the notes, triangle and circl
43) 4) dialog: What is it?  What's the murderer trying to say?
43) 6) dialog: What picture is he painting?
43) 10) dialog: Where?
43) 13) text: William lays a book down, finds a page.  He opens it to Somerset.  There is a circle to the side of the text.  It GLUTTONY under the circle. Somerset creases his brow, turns the page.  William opens another book.
43) 17) text: William shoves the open book to Somerset.  Somerset looks Seven paintings in a circular pattern showing characters in to sins.  Wicked, grotesque people. Somerset turns the book to examine each painting right si
43) 18) dialog: The seven deadly sins.
43) 20) dialog: Envy, wrath, pride, lust and sloth. Seven deadly sins.
43) 24) text: Somerset is chilled by all this, immersed in the Bosch bo
43) 25) dialog: And, it's two down... five to go.
46) 0) text: Somerset, holding more than an armful of art books and no pounds on the apartment door.  Tracy opens it with the ch
46) 2) text: She takes a second to drink Somerset in.  Somerset is sur having expected Mills.  Tracy is so exquisite that he fal
46) 3) dialog: Uh... I was looking for Mills.  David, I mean.
46) 5) text: Somerset tries not to drop any books while he digs up his
46) 6) dialog: Mrs. Mills, my name is Somerset.  If I could leave these books for him.
47) 0) text: Tracy leads Somerset into the disarray of the apartment.
47) 2) dialog: Thank you.
47) 3) text: Tracy motions and Somerset puts the books on Mills' desk. He starts looking through one book, checking paperclipped
47) 4) dialog: Could you tell him... tell him this is his reading assignment.  It's urgent. I've marked the most important pages.
47) 6) dialog: I do have to get going.
47) 7) text: Somerset sees a medal encased in glass on the desk amongs and pencils.  He picks it up: it's a medal for valor from Philadelphia Police Department.
47) 9) dialog: Really?  Good things, I hope.
47) 11) dialog: Really?
47) 13) text: Somerset thinks about this, finds it hard to believe.  He through his pocket, pulls out a notepad and some paper sc
47) 14) dialog: I'm going to leave him a list of specifics.  It all relates to the case he's on.
47) 17) dialog: To be perfectly honest, Mrs. Mills...
47) 19) dialog: Tracy.  David and I weren't exactly what you could call fast friends.
47) 22) dialog: I doubt your husband shares that opinion.
47) 25) dialog: He's a good cop.  He just...
47) 27) text: Somerset pauses, enchanted by her.
47) 28) dialog: I hear you and he were high school sweethearts.
47) 30) dialog: It's rare these days... that kind of commitment.
47) 32) text: Tracy's smile falters a bit.  Somerset notices this.  He from her spell, turns to continue writing.
47) 33) dialog: Well... this will only take a minute.
47) 35) text: Somerset writes.  Tracy looks over the stack of books: Titles on the spines: BOSCH, A HISTORY OF CHRISTIAN ART, THE ELDER, etc.  Hardcover novels: DANTE'S PURGATORY and CANTERBURY TALES. Tracy stands to look at the novels on top, then sees the paper scraps from Somerset's pocket.  She picks up the pi wallpaper with the pale red rose at its center.
47) 37) text: Somerset looks up.  Sees her holding the paper rose.  He it, slightly self-conscious, looks at it.
47) 38) dialog: My future.
47) 39) text: Tracy tilts her head, looking at Somerset.
47) 41) text: Somerset doesn't know what to say.  He pockets the paper
47) 45) dialog: (mock indignation) Well!  I guess I won't be showing this to him then.
47) 47) text: Somerset continues writing.  Tracy sits at the kitchenett table, watches him.
50) 0) text: It still rains outside.  Somerset enters, stops to notice DETECTIVE MILLS painted on the door where his name used t He walks, sees all his belongings have been moved from hi and piled on a small temporary desk in the corner. Somerset sits at the temporary desk, starts organizing th and papers.  Mills enters carrying the box of books.
50) 1) dialog: How's it coming?
50) 3) text: Mills puts the box on the large desk.  They both settle i attending to their work.  Two men, about five feet apart, trying not to acknowledge the other's presence. Mills takes out his Cliff Notes, looks to see Somerset is occupied, hides them in a desk drawer. Somerset finishes one form, flips it and looks up.  There chalk board nailed to the wall. On the chalkboard:     1 gluttony(x)    5 wrath 2 greed(x)       6 pride 3 sloth          7 lust 4 envy
50) 5) dialog: It's your name on the door.
50) 6) text: Mills picks up.  Somerset returns to his work.
50) 8) text: Mills is confused.  He holds the phone out to Somerset.
50) 10) text: Somerset looks quizzical.  Mills shrugs.  Somerset takes
50) 11) dialog: (into phone) Hello? (listens) Yes, well... I appreciate the thought, but... I... (listens) Well, I guess I'd be delighted to. Thank you... goodbye.
50) 12) text: Somerset gets up, hangs up, puzzled.  Mills is waiting.
50) 14) dialog: I'm invited to have a late supper with you and your wife.  And I accept.
50) 16) dialog: (sits back down) Tonight.
51) 0) text: A record player on a moving box PLAYS QUIET MUSIC. There's a basketball game with NO VOLUME on the t.v. scre Tracy, Mills and Somerset eat at the kitchen table.  Mill beeper by his beer and occasionally fingers it absently.
51) 3) text: Somerset adjusts his napkin on his lap, thinking.
51) 4) dialog: I was close.  It just didn't happen.
51) 6) dialog: Any person who spends a significant amount of time with me finds me... disagreeable.  Just ask your husband.
51) 8) text: Mills grins, but he means it.  he sips beer.  The convers lapses into long silence.  Somerset concentrates on his p Tracy looks at Mills, who eats while watching the basketb game.
51) 10) dialog: Too long.  Much too long. (drinks) What do you think of our fair city?
51) 13) text: Tracy looks at Mills.  Somerset can see it is a sore subj
51) 14) dialog: (to Tracy) You'll get used to it pretty quickly. There are things in any big city that stand out at first.  But...
51) 19) text: They wait.  The t.v. picture goes fuzzy.  The RUMBLING gr LOUDER, knocks something over in the sink.  Mills continu eating.  Somerset fiddles with his food.  The record play skips, then plays on.  The RUMBLING finally DIES DOWN, ti everything is normal.
51) 23) text: Somerset tries to stay straight, but he can't help laughi
51) 24) dialog: I'm sorry... it's a nice apartment.
52) 0) text: The record player spins a different album, DIFFERENT MUSI Tracy's clearing the last dishes into the sink.  Mills an Somerset have beers.
52) 1) dialog: All television does is teach children that it's really cool to be stupid and eat candy bars all day.
52) 5) text: Somerset shrugs.
52) 7) dialog: What about them?
52) 10) dialog: I read.  Remember reading?  What's the last book you read, Mills?
52) 14) text: Somerset gives a blank stare.  Tracy walks away.
52) 16) dialog: I vaguely recall Wilma, and someone named... Dino.
52) 17) text: Across the room, Tracy turns the t.v. and the record play She goes into the bedroom, shuts the door behind her with word.  Somerset and Mills turn to the closed door. They look at each other, then sit for a time.  Somerset d coffee.  Mills drums his fingers on his beeper.  Big sile
53) 0) text: Mills walks up the creaky stairs.  He carries his briefca six-pack and art books.  Somerset follows, reading a case
54) 0) text: Mills and Somerset walk onto the roof.  It is a spectacul on all sides.  Miles of city lights.  Breathtaking.  SOUN the CITY reach them.
54) 1) dialog: No connection between the two victims?
54) 2) text: Mills shakes his head, unloads what he's holding onto a r table.  He sits in one of two lawn chairs.  Somerset sits from him.
54) 3) dialog: No witnesses of any kind?
54) 5) dialog: In this city, minding your own business is a perfected science.
54) 6) text: Somerset takes a picture from the file, the drawing of th with an eye at its center.  He opens a book, CHRISTIAN SY which is full of illustrations.  He starts paging through
54) 7) dialog: At the precinct, Sunday nights, they offer a public crime prevention course. And, the very first thing they teach is that you should never scream "help" if you're in trouble.  Scream "fire." Because people don't want to get caught up in anything.  But, a fire... that's entertainment.  They come running.
54) 8) text: Somerset holds the books up to Mills, points to a picture sun and eye, same as the drawing Mills found.
54) 9) dialog: "The Sun in Splendor with the Eye."  It refers to God the father, and to Saint Thomas Aquinas.
54) 11) dialog: Aquinas wrote a summary of theology, Summa Theologica.  And he wrote about the seven deadly sins.
54) 13) dialog: Now, what else have you got?
54) 15) dialog: So... satisfying my curiosity.  I'm still leaving town on Sunday.
54) 16) text: Mills is pondering, very tired.  He unlatches his briefca takes a photocopy of the photo of the falsely pretty woma hands it to Somerset.
54) 18) dialog: This is his wife?
54) 20) dialog: And, if it's a threat?
54) 22) dialog: This is the one thing.
58) 0) text: Somerset stands at the edge, holding the photo of Mrs. Go puffs on a cigarette, looks out at the city lights.
58) 1) dialog: It's like he's preaching. (pause) The sins were used in medieval sermons. There were seven cardinal virtues, and then seven deadly sins, as a learning tool.  The sins distract man from true worship.  True faith.
58) 4) dialog: Seven Terraces of Purgation.
58) 6) dialog: Because there's creativity in the mix. Consider these books as the murderer's inspiration.  Or aspiration.
58) 7) text: Somerset drops his cigarette to the empty street, watchin glowing tip fall.  He looks at the woman's circled eyes.
58) 8) dialog: He sees himself contributing to the body of Christian work.
58) 10) dialog: For all of us to see and learn from. These murders are like forced attrition.
58) 12) dialog: Attrition.  When you regret your sins, but not because you love God.
58) 14) text: Somerset thinks.  He walks from the edge to Mills.
58) 15) dialog: When Mr. Gold's wife found the body, about how long was she in the apartment?
58) 17) dialog: I thought you said she found the body. When she got back from a business trip.
58) 19) text: Somerset thinks, coming up with something.
58) 21) text: Somerset holds up the photo of Mrs. Gold.
58) 22) dialog: Maybe she is supposed to see something... she just hasn't had a chance to see it yet.
59) 0) text: The room is like a bland hotel room.  Mills stands beside GOLD.  He shows her photos from the murder scene.  Mrs. G crying.  Somerset stands across the room.
59) 10) dialog: He sees himself contributing to the body of Christian work.
59) 12) dialog: For all of us to see and learn from. These murders are like forced attrition.
59) 14) dialog: Attrition.  When you regret your sins, but not because you love God.
59) 16) text: Somerset thinks.  He walks from the edge to Mills.
59) 17) dialog: When Mr. Gold's wife found the body, about how long was she in the apartment?
59) 19) dialog: I thought you said she found the body. When she got back from a business trip.
59) 21) text: Somerset thinks, coming up with something.
59) 23) text: Somerset holds up the photo of Mrs. Gold.
59) 24) dialog: Maybe she is supposed to see something... she just hasn't had a chance to see it yet.
60) 0) text: The room is like a bland hotel room.  Mills stands beside GOLD.  He shows her photos from the murder scene.  Mrs. G crying.  Somerset stands across the room.
60) 9) text: Mills looks at Somerset.  Somerset holds other photos.
60) 11) text: Somerset looks at the photos in his hand, hesitant.  Thes photos show Mr. Gold's corpse, not covered in any way.
60) 12) dialog: Have her look one last time.
60) 19) text: Mills jerks his head to look at Somerset.  Big score.
61) 0) text: This is where the greed murder took place.  Somerset and are taking the constructivist painting off the wall.  Not the wall behind the painting.  Blank space.
61) 2) dialog: This has got to be it.
61) 3) text: Somerset puts the painting down, resting it on its bottom The frame is backed by a thick sheet of brown paper.  He to where the wire used to be screwed into the frame, and where it has been re-screwed.
61) 4) dialog: It has to be.  He changed the wire to rehang it.
61) 5) text: Somerset tears along the edge of the brown paper to get t space between it and the canvas.  He tears out the entire Mills helps pull it away, but there's nothing there.  Emp Mills looks at both sides of the paper, then tosses it aw
61) 7) text: Somerset pays the painting down, face up.  He pokes his f on the painted surface.  Mills watches as Somerset kneels out a credit card and presses it's edge against the canva trying to peel up some of the paint.
61) 9) text: Somerset pushes the painting away, stands, frustrated.
61) 11) text: Somerset backs away from the wall, staring at the space w the painting hung.  There is only a nail.  He stares inte then turns and walks out of the room. Mills holds his hands to his temples, furious.  SOMERSET HEARD from the other room, going through drawers, droppin things.  GLASS is HEARD BREAKING.  Mills grabs a lamp and it on the floor.
61) 13) text: Somerset comes back in, holding something.  He steps over lamp and goes to the blank wall space.
61) 15) dialog: Bear with me.
61) 16) text: Mills watches.  Somerset has a woman's make-up compact in He opens it, uses the soft brush to begin applying the re powder to the wall around the nail.
61) 18) dialog: Shut up and wait!
61) 19) text: Somerset brushes with wider strokes.  He blows, leans ver to the wall to study the powder.  Leans closer still.  Pa
61) 20) dialog: Call the print lab.  Now.
63) 0) text: Tracy opens the door, enters.  It's quiet.  She sees Mill Somerset are gone.  She's all alone.  Unhappy.
65) 3) text: The forensic bites his lip, still studying. Mills and Somerset watch the forensic who works offscreen
65) 5) dialog: No.  I have not.
66) 0) text: Dark.  A TECHNICIAN sits before an old computer.  The com green screen shows fingerprints being aligned, compared a rejected; whir - click - whir - click - whir - click.  Mi Somerset watch, bathed in the green glow.
66) 1) dialog: It doesn't work for me.  I can't believe he wants us to help him stop.
66) 3) text: Somerset doesn't buy it.  The technician adjusts a knob.
67) 0) text: Somerset and Mills come from the print lab.  A janitor is mopping the hall.  The computer is HEARD WHIRRING AND CLI onwards.  Somerset sits with a groan on a couch outside t door.  Mills flops beside him.
67) 1) dialog: You really meant what you said to Mrs. Gold.  You really believe we'll get him, don't you?
67) 3) dialog: I wish I still thought like you.  I'm so far gone from that.
67) 5) dialog: All we do is pick up the pieces.  We take all the evidence... all the pictures, statements.  Write everything down and note what time things happened. We take it all, make a nice, neat pile and file it away.  Just in case it's ever needed in a courtroom.
67) 7) dialog: I've seen even the most promising clues lead to dead ends.  Hundreds of times.
67) 9) text: Somerset takes out a cigarette and lights it.
67) 10) dialog: In this city, if all the skeletons came out of all the closets... if every un- revenged corpse were to suddenly rise and walk again, there would be no more room for the living.
67) 13) text: Somerset looks at Mills, puffs the cigarette.  The comput heard: whir - click - whir - click...
69) 2) text: FIVE hardened POLICE OFFICERS, four men, one woman, sit i chairs facing the captain.  They all wear bullet-proof ve with "POLICE" stencil-painted across them.  Somerset and sit in back, drinking coffee, still trying to wake up.
69) 10) text: There is chatter among the cops.  Somerset leans to Mills the captain continues the briefing.
69) 11) dialog: Does not seem like our killer, does it?
69) 13) dialog: Zero does possess the requisite degree of insanity... but, he doesn't have the desire somehow.  Our killer seems to have more purpose.  More purpose than Zero could ever conceive of.
69) 15) text: Somerset wants no part of that.
69) 16) dialog: Why would we?
70) 0) text: Mills drives, follows a police van.  Somerset rides shotg Mills is pumped, ready.  Somerset takes one Rolaids table fresh roll and chews it.
70) 2) text: Somerset pulls out his gun, checks the load.
70) 3) dialog: No.  Never in twenty-four years.  I took my gun out only five times with the actual intention of using it.  I never fired it.  Not once.
70) 5) dialog: And?
70) 8) text: A pause.  Somerset opens the window, feels the air on his
70) 9) dialog: How did the fire-fight end?
70) 11) dialog: How was it?
70) 13) text: Somerset eats another antacid.
70) 14) dialog: I think Hemingway wrote somewhere... I can't remember where, but he wrote that, in order to live in a city, you have to have the ability to kill.  I think he meant you truly must be able to do it, not just faking it, to survive.
71) 0) text: Crack vials and hypodermic needles crunch under heavy boo The five cops from the briefing, fully geared up, rifles handguns held, move quickly up the stairs, single-file. Somerset and Mills follow, guns out.  Somerset is sweatin bullets.  Mills is juiced.
72) 2) text: A black cop hoists a battering ram.  The other cops get o sides of the door.  Mills moves front.  Somerset hangs ba
75) 0) text: Somerset moves in, looks around.  He notices the area aro bed, the ceiling, walls and floor, has been painted indig while the rest of the room is its original white.  On a w white sheet is pinned up with a square drawn on it in exc
75) 4) text: Somerset pushes past the cops who recoil from the stench.
75) 6) dialog: Sloth... it's sloth.
75) 12) dialog: Someone call an ambulance.
75) 17) text: Somerset takes out rubber gloves and puts them on.
75) 19) text: The other cops file out as Mills goes to examine the pola under the sheet.  Somerset replaces the sheet over Zero's California stays by his side.
75) 21) text: Somerset places his finger along Zero's throat.
75) 23) text: Mills studies the polaroids.  Somerset walks to join him.
75) 25) text: Somerset looks at the first photo.  In it, Zero is bound gagged, but he is fit, healthy.
75) 26) dialog: (awed) The first photo... it's dated one year ago.  Almost to the day.
75) 33) text: Somerset leans down beside Mills.  Mills looks through th shoebox.  Inside are plastic, zip-lock bags.  One bag con small clumps of hair, one contains a yellow liquid...
75) 35) text: California is still close to Zero's face when suddenly Ze lips twist.  Zero lets out a loud, guttural bark.  Califo jerks back in fear, shouting, falling over a chair. Mills and Somerset reel, standing.  They see California o ground, scared out of his mind, pointing.
75) 37) text: Mills and Somerset look towards the bed. Zero's lips move feebly as he lets out a sick, gurgling m
79) 0) text: Mills and Somerset stand in the middle of one flight of s They are both highly agitated.
79) 1) dialog: The way this has gone, I didn't think it was possible, but we may have underestimated this guy.  The type of intestinal fortitude it must take... to keep a man bound for a full year.  To sever his hand and use it to plant fingerprints.
79) 3) dialog: Listen... we have to divorce ourselves from our emotions here.  We have to keep focusing on the small details.
79) 5) dialog: He'll string us along all the way if we're not careful.
79) 7) dialog: Are you listening to me?!
79) 8) text: Mills pushes Somerset's hand off.
79) 10) text: There is a sudden brilliant flash of light and the SOUND CAMERA ADVANCING.  Mills and Somerset look -- Down the stairs, John is posing as a reporter.  He has hi camera and flash up, pointed at the detectives.
79) 18) text: Somerset steps down and pulls Mills back.  John stands.
79) 23) text: Somerset yanks Mills harder, till Mills sits on the stair
79) 25) dialog: They pay cops for the inside scoop, and they pay well.  You can hate them, but you better give them something, or they'll make it all up.
79) 27) dialog: Oh, it's alright.  It's always impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions.
82) 0) text: The priest's accommodations are quite spacious and comfor The parish's wealth is evident.  FATHER BLEEKER, 38, stan looking at several 8" by 10" glossies.  He's dressed in h "civilian" clothing, wears his hair short and proper.  Th photos are making him heartsick. Bleeker hands them to Somerset who is seated by a firepla
82) 2) dialog: I needed for you to see them.
82) 3) text: Father Bleeker shakes his head, as if he were trying to f the images.  Somerset replaces the murder photos in a fil
82) 5) dialog: If this killer belongs to a certain branch of the church... if he collects religious art from a certain period, I want to know.  I have to narrow it down.
82) 10) text: Bleeker takes the book to a table.  Somerset follows.  Bl lays the cloth under the book, opens the book, tenderly.
82) 12) text: Somerset leans to examine Bleeker's illuminated manuscrip Two pages of prayer.  The prose is elaborately formed, surrounded by colorful illustrations of the seven deadly Bleeker's finger points to a rendering of a man seated on rock, guzzling from a jug.  It's been painted in orange.
82) 14) dialog: In the murders, gluttony is green. Greed is yellow.  Sloth is indigo.
82) 15) text: Bleeker steps away and Somerset gets closer to the pages.
82) 17) dialog: Where do I look?  If the colors changed so often?
86) 0) text: A monk opens a formidable gateway door, letting Father Bl and Somerset into a garden courtyard.  Bleeker now wears priestly garb and collar.  The monastery's main building at the end of a pathway.  The building is stately, ivy-co
86) 2) dialog: Problems?
86) 4) dialog: Father?
87) 0) text: The walls of the hallway are carved with images of saints Bleeker whispers to Somerset beside a windowless door.
87) 2) dialog: Tell me what happened.
87) 5) dialog: What abuse?
88) 0) text: The door is unlocked and opened by the nun.  Somerset ent Bleeker waits outside as the nun closes the door.  It's d FATHER STONE, 73, is in a wheelchair.  Feeble and frail, sunken in their sockets.  He looks up at Somerset.
88) 1) dialog: Father Stone.  I'm a policeman.  I'd like to ask you a few questions, if it's alright?
88) 2) text: The whites of Stone's eyes have yellowed.  He seems to no Somerset sits on a stool, close.
88) 3) dialog: I want to ask you about the seven deadly sins.
88) 5) dialog: Yes, father.
88) 6) text: Stone reaches out a hand to touch Somerset's face.  Stone extremely long fingernails trail against Somerset's cheek Somerset tries to hide his revulsion.
88) 8) dialog: I don't...
88) 10) dialog: I... I need to ask about the sins.  Do you understand what I'm saying?
88) 17) text: Somerset is shocked by the strength and volume of Stone's voice.  The nun goes to place a comforting hand on Stone' shoulder.  Stone is beginning to cry.
90) 0) text: A once exemplary church, now boarded up, neglected.  Goth style, it stands with deserted brownstones and empty lots rubble as neighbors.  Smokestacks spew smoke distantly. and trucks drive by on a nearby elevated highway, but dow on the street it's a ghost town. There's a building attached to the rear of the church. Somerset's car is parked beside it.
91) 0) text: The windows are covered over.  Somerset and Father Bleeke through.  Somerset has a flashlight with a wide beam.  Th is empty except for broken, cob-web covered school desks few file cabinets.  There are cracked blackboards on the Rats skitter away from the light. Somerset opens a file cabinet drawer.  It's empty.  He wa a door, starts pulling at the rotting boards which seal i
91) 2) dialog: I'm just looking.
92) 0) text: Somerset pushes the door.  He and Bleeker enter from the classroom into the far back corner of the church.  Big ch Shafts of colored light needle through the holes in the p of wood and cloth that cover the broken stained glass win Somerset walks down the center aisle between deteriorated rats run.  Pigeons flap about, dirt drifting off their wi Somerset shines his flashlight forward to the rather barr altar.  To the right, at the top of the altar stairs, the stone statue of a saint with his arms outstretched, welco The life-size saint is covered in spider-webs.  Tiny spid crawl across his eyes, which look down on Somerset.
92) 2) text: Somerset shines the flashlight against the back altar wal revealing a wooden carving of Christ crucified.
92) 3) dialog: Is this still the Lord's house?
92) 5) dialog: And, even if Father Stone was guilty of everything... if he was hurting children here?  It's still the Lord's house?
92) 8) dialog: No. (pause) That's not what I've given up on.
92) 9) text: Somerset notices two ends of a thick rope suspended from ceiling above the center of the altar.  He looks up, foll the rope with the flashlight, when he notices something e His mouth drops.  Bleeker looks, and is equally horrified Above them, in the beam of light: seven large paintings o panels tilted forward at the curve of the ceiling above t altar.  Seven ancient paintings; seven deadly sins. The beam of light moves to the panel to the immediate rig painting of a man kneeling, grasping at gold coins all ar him.  The man is naked, as was the victim of the greed mu The chief color in this panel is a vulgar yellow. The third in the series is sloth.  The painting, in indig shows a man at rest in a pliant bed.  The skeletal man's are rolled up in their sockets.  He is covered in slimy w
94) 0) text: Much activity, as forensics with flashlights go about the business, checking every nook and cranny of the church, l for any sign that someone's been here recently.  Small te floodlights are hoisted on tripods. Two photographers stand at the tops of tall ladders.  Fla photo after flash-photo is taken of the seven paneled tab Near the open church doors, Mills speaks with great anima holding his ream of computer paper.  Somerset looks at th and the tableau, preoccupied.
94) 2) text: Mills snaps his fingers in Somerset's face, gets his atte
94) 4) text: Somerset takes the computer list.
94) 5) dialog: So, what is this?
94) 9) text: Mills slaps the list in Somerset's hand.
94) 11) text: Somerset looks up from the list, warming to it.  He start looking around, searching for someone.
95) 0) text: Somerset and Mills exit down the stairs.  Somerset's stil searching, holding the list.  He spies a uniformed cop, D
95) 1) dialog: Dario!  Come here.
95) 2) text: Dario runs up.  Somerset puts his hand on his shoulder an him walk with him.  Mills continues on to his car.
95) 3) dialog: According to the Father, this orphanage wasn't around for more than five or six years in the late fifties.  So, I want someone to go to the Department of Child Welfare or City Hall and dig up all the records on this place.  Understand?
95) 5) dialog: Get a list of every child who attended this orphanage before it shut down.  Get it on my desk within the hour.
95) 6) text: Somerset releases Dario, who runs to obey.  Somerset goes own car.  Mills is driving to leave, stops, revs the engi Somerset hands the computer list through the window.
95) 7) dialog: You thought of this all by yourself? This was your brainstorm?
95) 9) dialog: It's a pleasant surprise.
95) 11) text: Mills peels away.  Somerset heads to his own car.
95) 12) dialog: (to himself) I guess not.
96) 2) dialog: No... I don't see any Ramirez.
96) 5) dialog: No.
96) 8) dialog: No.
96) 9) text: Wrath shows a man surrounded by vaporous, satanic demons. stands in a puddle of blood, looking at his hands stained and dripping blood.  Other than the rich red, the color i Mills is at his desk, a good portion of the print-out lis draped to the floor.  He rubs his eyes, sighing, gets bac it.  Somerset, at the temporary desk, studies his orphan
96) 11) dialog: That's not what you think it is.
96) 16) dialog: That's right.  Let me have it.
96) 19) dialog: How do you know?
96) 21) text: Mills sits back, angry.  Something strikes Somerset as od Familiar.  He starts leafing quickly through the orphanag
96) 23) text: Somerset finds what he's looking for.
96) 24) dialog: Christ... it's like a sick joke.
96) 26) dialog: There is one boy here.  He was abandoned... no one knew who his parents were, so he was named at the orphanage... (looks at Mills) John Doe.  It's his legal name.
97) 0) text: Somerset and Mills climb stairs, turn a corner into this
97) 2) dialog: We're focusing.
97) 4) dialog: We'll look at him.  Ask a few questions. Try to get a feeling whether we should keep tabs on him.
97) 5) text: They reach a door, apartment 3A.  Somerset knocks.  Mills out his gun and looks at Somerset to ask "what do you thi Somerset nods that he should have the gun ready.  Mills s the side of the door, knocks hard.  Waits.
97) 9) text: GUNFIRE SOUNDS and a bullet slams into door 3A behind Mil and Somerset recoil in shock, going to the floor as anoth bullet explodes, blasting plaster off the wall.  The man HEARD RUNNING back down the stairs.
97) 11) text: Mills jumps up.  He moves towards the railing.  Somerset and takes out his own gun.  The stairwell is silent. Mills peers over the railing into the stairwell's center, pointed.  A HEAVY METALLIC CLICK is HEARD.  Echoes.  Mill backwards as bullets begin raining up from below, accompa the SOUND of an UZI SUB-MACHINE GUN FIRING. Somerset lays flat as he and Mills crawl away from the ra which is being shredded along with the floor around it. soar unceasingly.  Mills and Somerset hold their hands ov their ears.  Pieces of wood and plaster fly everywhere. stops and the man can be HEARD RUNNING again. Mills gets up, covered in debris.  He runs down into the stairwell.  Somerset rolls over, gets up more slowly.
98) 0) text: Mills rushes out into this weedy, overgrown courtyard.  H a thin vagrant sleeping on the building's junk-pile, then all directions.  His eyes are wild.  His gun hand is shak The courtyard is surrounded by alleyways.  The shooter co have gone anywhere and is nowhere in sight.  Somerset com face wet with sweat.  Mills holsters his gun.
98) 2) dialog: Yeah.  I think so.
100) 3) text: AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS, two forensics, SARAH and BILLY, behind Mills and Somerset.  Surgical gloves on all hands. kicks at the door to apartment 3A with all his might.  Ag
101) 0) text: BOOM -- door flies open.  Mills enters with Somerset.  Da
101) 2) text: Sarah and Billy wait in the hall.  Somerset hits a switch wall and a lamp illuminates on a desk.  The desk is in th center of the room, facing them.  The walls, floor to cei are covered with visual stimuli; pictures, paintings, new articles, sketches, writings on napkins and notebook shee etc.  Mostly religious images. The far wall is made of shelves full of books.  Mills goe the desk while Somerset goes to the books.  Books: An Ove of Theology, Handbook of Firearms, A History of the World Theologica, U.S. Criminal Law Review, etc. Mills looks at the desktop.  The surface is marked by dri colors.  There are tubes of paint laying out, boxes of wa colors and pastels.  Mills looks at one corner of the des orange candle has been allowed to burn down.  The wax tra all the way down the edge of the desk to a puddle on the Somerset walks, studying one wall of pin-ups.  There are articles about the seven deadly sins, pages from art book pencil drawings of Satan and Christ, and drawings of the paneled tableau paintings which inspired the murders.  So lifts several sheets to note the paper scraps are spaced tightly and completely that they cover the window. At the desk, Mills opens the top middle drawer.  It's emp except for The Holy Bible.  he opens another drawer, whic filled with at least forty empty aspirin bottles. Somerset looks at a door which is papered over by all the newspaper articles and photographs about the seven deadly murders.  He opens the door --
102) 0) text: Somerset enters.  The ceiling light is on.  There are bookshelves on each wall, filled with thousands of notebo Somerset takes one notebook down.  It is a thick composit book with a marbled black and white cover.  Inside, the p are covered in small handwritten sentences and drawings. Somerset takes down another notebook and opens it.  Same first; scribbled sentences and sketches. He walks to another wall, pulls another notebook.  Same d
102) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ.
105) 0) text: Somerset enters from the room of notebooks.  This is John art studio.  Windowless, with several easels holding pain in various states of completion.  The walls are covered w photos and finished canvases, except for one wall which i white.  Somerset turns the lights off. There is a 16mm film projector on a table, facing the bla wall.  Somerset turns the projector on.  It clatters to l running a piece of film. The film is spliced into a non-stop loop. Somerset watche wall, light strobing across him. The projector shows an image of clouds drifting, with str superimposed angels in flowing robes floating jerkily.  I like an old, Hollywood version of heaven. The image switches abruptly to fire and tormented souls l around a pit of molten goo.  Like Heaven, it's a scratche of film from Hollywood's early days. Somerset turns to examine one of the paintings on an ease painting has been skillfully rendered, in small, controll brush strokes.  It shows a modern city street, stylized, The city is peopled by mutated humans and freakish beasts Sinners in the streets, killing, raping, pillaging.  Buil are burning, blood is being spilled.  It's dense with det Somerset walks to another painting which is covered by a cloth.  He removes the cloth, uncovers a huge canvas.  We see the painting, but when Somerset does his features tur
105) 4) text: He hands a press pass and the photo to Somerset.
105) 6) text: Somerset looks at the photo, a picture of Mills and Somer the stairwell of the slum apartment building; the picture took when he posed as a reporter.
105) 8) dialog: I know.
105) 9) text: Somerset motions to the huge canvas.  Mills looks: The painting is frightening collage, thick with paint.  T photo of Mills and Somerset has been incorporated in bits pieces.  Duplicate images: enlarged eyes, hands, faces. faces have been ripped, scratched, mutilated.  Grainy eye holes jabbed in them are mounted in paint beside chopped arms.  Mills' head is on Somerset's body, and vice versa. like a sick, fragmented vision of a slaughter house floor
110) 0) text: Somerset reads one of Doe's notebooks.  Three cops are lo through other notebooks from the shelves.  Mills enters.
110) 1) dialog: We need to put more men on this.
110) 3) text: Somerset bristles slightly at Mills' abrupt demeanor.
110) 4) dialog: We've got about five thousand notebooks in this room.  And, as near as I can tell, each notebook contains two hundred and fifty pages.
110) 6) text: Somerset looks at the notebook, reads.
110) 7) dialog: "What sick, silly puppets we are, and what a gross stage we dance on.  What fun we have, dancing around, not a care in the world.  Not knowing that we are nothing.  We are not what God intended." (turns pages) "On the subway today, a man came up to start a conversation.  He was making small talk, this lonely man, talking about the weather and other things.  I tried to be accommodating, but my head began to hurt from his banality.  I almost didn't notice it had happened, but I threw up all over him.  And I couldn't stop myself from laughing." (closes book) No dates indicated.  They're placed on the shelves in no discernible order.  He describes a scab on his arm for five pages, then writes about existential philosophy on the next.
110) 9) dialog: It's just his mind poured out on paper.
111) 0) text: All attention is focused on the phone on Doe's desk.  A t recorder is rigged to the receiver.  Mills and Somerset e Mills walks over, pushes a button on the recorder, picks
112) 0) text: Somerset looks around this femininely decorated bathroom. In the sink, objects covered in blood: a pair of scissors hypodermic needle, first-aid tape and gauze bandages, a b of anesthetic for use with the needle, a straight razor. Somerset moves from the sink, looks in the bathtub.  The shower walls are splattered with blood.  The tub has a fe inches of water in it.  The water is cloudy red and bits gauze float in it.  Somerset jiggles the drain's knob. Some bubbles pop up from the clogged drain.
113) 0) text: Mills is in a dark mood.  He and Dr. O'Neill stand by a W who hangs by a noose from the ceiling.  The woman's head been bandaged sloppily with white gauze and tape.  Her ey been left uncovered.  The gauze is stained red in small s The woman hangs low, so her feet are inches from the floo piles of dried flowers and a cordless telephone lay.  The chair knocked over behind her. O'Neill's going through his black bag.  A violet, velvet has been draped on the wall in the corner, behind a full mirror.  The mirror reflects the corpse.  A seven-pointed is smeared in lipstick on the mirror's surface, with the DID NOT KILL HER, SHE WAS GIVEN A CHOICE below. Somerset enters from the bathroom, looks at the murder di
113) 2) text: Somerset nods.  He walks to a dresser.  The woman's purse open and Somerset extracts her driver's license.  He look the photo.  The woman in the picture is beautiful.
113) 3) dialog: You can see what he did.
113) 6) dialog: She had the telephone.
113) 8) dialog: Or, kick out the chair, and spare yourself a lifetime of hideousness.
113) 9) text: O'Neill's cutting the bandages on the woman's face.  He p them away in front.  Mills looks, disgusted by the sight. Somerset sits in a chair, runs his fingers through his ha
114) 0) text: The bookstore is a labyrinth.  Tables and shelves, mounta valleys of books.  Books, new and used, hard and soft, in disorganized groups.  CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS.  A few custo search for titles. Somerset walks, downcast, winds out of one aisle into ano he has his jacket over his shoulder, runs his fingers alo books as he goes.  He pulls one book, The Merchant of Ven looks at it, replaces it.  He looks down the aisle and is surprised to see Tracy. Tracy stands solemn, scanning book spines.  Somerset appr
114) 1) dialog: Tracy?
114) 4) dialog: I'm alright.  I'm glad to see you found this place.  I almost should have expected to run into you here, knowing that you teach English.
114) 7) dialog: This is why I moved into this neighborhood.
114) 9) text: Somerset notices Tracy noticing his gun.
114) 11) dialog: Same here.
114) 14) text: She starts down the aisle and Somerset walks with her.
114) 16) dialog: You can stay and browse a little longer, can't you?  I mean...
114) 18) dialog: I... I hardly know anyone I can talk about books with anymore.  I'd appreciate the company.
114) 19) text: Tracy stops.  Somerset looks hopeful.  Tracy is very temp
115) 1) dialog: The irony is, that after a day of the type of work he did, he'd come home and read me these morbid crime stories.  Le Fanu's Green Tea.  Murders in the Rue Morgue.
115) 2) text: MOVE TO the aisle marked MYSTERY, where Somerset and Trac leaning against shelves.  They both hold books they've se
115) 3) dialog: My mother would give him hell... because I was young, and he was keeping me up till all hours, giving me nightmares.
115) 5) dialog: One birthday, he gave me a hardcover book called The Century of the Detective, by Jurgen Thorwald.  It traced the history of detection as a science and it sealed my fate.  Because it was real, and that a drop of blood or a piece of hair could solve a crime... was incredible to me.
115) 8) dialog: Okay, thanks.
115) 10) dialog: I'll give you a ride.
115) 12) dialog: I have to insist.  If your husband found out I let you ride the subway at this hour he'd tear my head off.
115) 13) text: They make their way out of the aisle.  Somerset chuckles.
115) 14) dialog: I mean, literally.
116) 0) text: Somerset's car stops at the corner of Mills' street.
117) 0) text: Somerset puts the car in park.  Tracy sits for a long tim turns to face Somerset.
117) 3) dialog: It's a hard place, Tracy.
117) 6) dialog: You have to put blinders on sometimes. Most times.  But, keep in mind, Tracy, like tonight, there are small pockets of sanity.  Some bars and bookstores. Museums.  Several last vestiges of civilization.
118) 0) text: In Somerset's car, Tracy and Somerset continue talking. On the other side of the street, closer to the middle of block, John Doe's car is parallel parked at the curb.
119) 0) text: Behind the wheel, John Doe is slumped low, calmly watchin Somerset and Tracy.  He can see them clearly from here.
120) 2) dialog: You can always look into the private schools.  You'll find something.
120) 3) text: Somerset gives her a handkerchief.  She wipes her tears.
120) 4) dialog: You're too hard on yourself, Tracy.
120) 6) dialog: It's okay to hate this city.  It's natural.  But, there is a bright side in all this.  There is.  You want to hear it?
120) 9) dialog: I can't think of another place that needs education more than this city. And you're a teacher.  You can make a difference in a few people's lives. It's a very good thing.
120) 13) dialog: Goodnight.
120) 14) text: Somerset reaches to touch Tracy's face.  They kiss.  They long time.  Tracy wraps her arms around Somerset's neck. Somerset runs his fingers through Tracy's hair.  They sha their sorrow.  Tracy's tears run down her face.  Finally, part, opening their eyes. They know this is wrong.  Somerset's hands are shaking. grips the wheel, feels helpless.
120) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, Tracy.  I'm sorry.
120) 18) text: Tracy gets out, neglects to close the door, not looking b Somerset tries to come to his senses.  He doesn't underst either, and his heart is aching.  He adjusts the rearview to watch Tracy go. INSERT -- THROUGH REARVIEW MIRROR -- SOMERSET'S P.O.V. Tracy walks down the block, straightening her hair.  She
121) 0) text: Somerset looks away from the mirror.  he holds his head i hands for a moment.
122) 0) text: Somerset leans to pull the door shut, puts the car in gea He drives, turns the corner.
123) 0) text: John Doe watches Somerset's car leave.  Doe turns his att to Tracy, who hurries along the other side of the street. looks back, enters her apartment building, digs out her k She gets through the door and climbs stairs, disappearing
131) 1) text: Somerset is seated, holding the photo of the lust paintin the tableau.  Mills is behind his own desk.  They both lo they haven't gotten much sleep.
131) 3) text: Mills looks at Somerset, who doesn't seem to be listening
131) 5) dialog: Nothing.  Sorry.
131) 6) text: Somerset looks up, sips from a cup of coffee, looks at th photo.  Mills swings his chair, looks out the window at t morning light on the billboard.
131) 8) dialog: Apples on the floor.  Original sin.
131) 10) text: Somerset puts the photo down, leans back, takes out a cig
131) 12) dialog: Lust is everywhere.  That's the hard part.  I think lust is the most prevalent sin, even more than greed.
131) 13) text: Somerset looks at the burning tip of his cigarette.  He g to stretch his legs. Mills picks up the lust photo, puts his feet up on the de
131) 16) dialog: Bright red.
131) 18) dialog: Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
131) 20) dialog: Red light district.
131) 21) text: Pause.  Realization.  Somerset and Mills look at each oth
131) 23) dialog: It would be fitting.
133) 0) text: Somerset's holding up the composite sketch of John Doe.
133) 2) text: Mills and Somerset are across the sales counter from WILD 37.  Wild Bill is shirtless, covered in tattoos.  A thick runs down his forehead to his bent nose.  Leather belts, and jackets hang from the walls.
133) 5) dialog: What was this job you did for him?
133) 11) dialog: (looks at photo) You built this for him?  You built this?
133) 15) text: Mills and Somerset follow the policeman out.
136) 0) text: All the lights and walls are red.  Mills and Somerset fol COP through the twisting corridors.  ROCK MUSIC THROBS. reach a door.
137) 0) text: Mills and Somerset enter.  ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES, LOUD.  A light flashes from the ceiling onto TWO AMBULANCE ATTENDA The first attendant places a sheet over a bed, hiding the of a WOMAN with long blonde hair.  The second attendant t examine the pupils of a CRAZED MAN, 55, who sits naked on floor, wrapped in a sheet.  A COP holds the crazed man do
137) 3) text: An X is scratched into the red paint on the wall.  Mills Somerset move towards the covered body. There are apples on the bed and floor.  The ROCK MUSIC fr outside SUDDENLY STOPS.
137) 6) text: The sheet is lifted for the detectives.  They grimace at they see.  We do not see.  Somerset closes his eyes and w face a wall, shaken.  The first attendant replaces the sh Mills steps back, takes out his handkerchief and sucks on
138) 0) text: A polaroid is on a white table.  It is the photo Wild Bil to Mills and Somerset.  It is a picture of a belt, made w extra leather straps so it can be worn securely around th groin.  It is a strap-on phallus, but there is no plastic protuberance.  Instead, there is a metal knife.  It is a on butcher's knife. Somerset is seated beside the white table in this white r Mills stands behind him.  The crazed man from the lust mu in a chair across the room.  The crazed man is crying.
138) 2) dialog: Where was the girl?
138) 4) dialog: Where was the prostitute?
138) 6) dialog: Who tied her down?  You or him?
138) 10) text: Mills looks at the mirror in the room. Somerset stands, picks up the Polaroid as two men in whit uniforms enter to collect the crazed man from off the flo
139) 0) text: Somerset and Mills are shell-shocked, seated at their des Somerset is looking out the window.  Mills stares at the Somerset looks to his temporary desk.  He picks up a smal of mail, sorts through it.  An 8" by 10" manila envelope interests him.  It reads DETECTIVE SOMERSET on the outsid handwritten in red marker.  He opens it. He takes out a grainy photograph of he and Tracy kissing car.  It's obviously been taken with a special night-lens Somerset goes pale, suppressing a gasp.  He holds the pho hide it from Mills, looks to see Mills has not noticed. feels panicky, crumples the photo and envelope in his han
140) 0) text: Somerset enters, latches the door.  He takes the crushed and envelope from his pocket.  He quickly checks under th stalls to see he is alone.  He opens a window, goes to th He takes out his cigarette lighter, lights the envelope a photo, watches them catch.  Once they're burning steady h throws them in the sink. He backs away, leans against the wall, watching, feeling
141) 0) text: Somerset and Mills sit with a full pitcher of beer betwee The JUKEBOX plays QUIETLY for other customers.  The walls bar are lined with trophies, ribbons and other victory sy
141) 1) dialog: There's not going to be a happy ending. It's not possible.
141) 3) dialog: No.  Face it now.  Stop thinking it's good guys against the bad guys in this city.
141) 6) dialog: You tell me... when you walk into an apartment, and a man has beaten his wife to death, or, a wife murdered her husband in cold blood... and you have to wash the blood off their children.  You put the killer in jail.  Who won?
141) 8) dialog: Where's the victory?
141) 10) dialog: If we caught John Doe tomorrow, and it turned out he was the devil... if it turned out he was literally Satan, then, that might live up to our expectations. No human being could do these horrible things, right?!  But, this is not the devil.  It's only a man.
141) 12) text: Somerset sits back, looking at Mills.
141) 14) dialog: Who are you fighting for?  People don't want a champion.  They just want to keep playing the lottery and eating hamburgers.
141) 16) dialog: There's no one thing, if that's what you mean.  I just... I can't live anymore where stupidity is embraced and nurtured as if it were a virtue.
141) 18) dialog: Wrong!  I sympathize completely. Because if you can't win... then, if you don't ignore everything and everyone around you, you go insane.  It's easier to smoke crack, and not worry that your wife and kids are starving to death. And, it's so much easier to bear a child till that child finally shuts up, because it takes so much work to love. And, if you bothered to think about the abuse, and the damage, you'd be sad.
141) 20) dialog: (cuts in, furious) No, I am not!  I'm talking about common, everyday life here.  Where Ignorance isn't bliss, it's a matter of survival.
141) 22) dialog: (cuts him off) People who are in arguments over their heads always use meaningless slogans. But, life doesn't conform to analogies.
141) 24) dialog: That part of me is dead.
141) 29) text: Mills leaves.  Other patrons watch him go.  Somerset take cigarette.  He goes to light it.  The lighter will not li and when it does, Somerset's hand is shaking.
144) 0) text: Somerset is in bed.  The metronome is sounding: tick, tic tick... The SOUNDS of the CITY are LOUD. Somerset closes his eyes, concentrating on the metronome. tick, tick... A MAN and a WOMAN are HEARD SCREAMING at ea other incoherently from outside.  Somerset rolls over, re Tick, tick, tick... A THIRD VOICE is HEARD from outside.  This man is screami the other two people to shut up.  Somerset opens his eyes up.  He reaches over, grabs the metronome and throws it a the wall.
145) 0) text: Somerset sits away from the bed.  He's smoking a cigarett PHONE RINGS.  Somerset gets up, not in the best of moods.
145) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello.
145) 3) dialog: Is everything alright?
145) 5) dialog: (pause) I don't think that's a good idea.
146) 0) text: Somerset and Tracy are seated in a booth by the window. city's morning rush passes by outside.  The cafe is noisy Tracy is very upset.  Somerset is very uneasy.
146) 1) dialog: David doesn't know about this?  You haven't told him?
146) 2) text: Tracy shakes her head.  Somerset sighs.  Long silence.
146) 3) dialog: I have to tell you, Tracy, I'm not the one to talk to about this.
146) 5) text: Somerset takes out his cigarettes, but thinks better of i puts them away.  He watches Tracy stir her coffee.
146) 6) dialog: I... I had a relationship once, very much like a marriage.  And, there was a baby.  A long time ago.  Things were good.  And I got up one morning, and I went on a case... a murder, like any other.  Except it was my first since hearing about the baby.  And, I felt this fear and anxiety coming over me.  I looked around and I thought, how can I raise a child here?  So, that night, I told her I didn't want us to have children,  And, over the next few weeks... I convinced her...
146) 7) text: Tears come to Somerset's eyes.
146) 8) dialog: I mean, I wore her down... slowly.
146) 10) dialog: I can tell you, I know... I'm positive I made the right decision.  I'm positive it was the right thing to do.  But, there's never a day that goes by that I don't wish I had decided differently.
146) 11) text: Tracy reaches to hold Somerset's hand, but he withdraws i wipes his tears away.
146) 12) dialog: If you... if you decide not to have the baby... if that's what you decide, then never tell Mills you were pregnant. I mean that.  Never tell. (pause) Your marriage would just wither, and die altogether.
146) 14) dialog: But, if you decide to have the baby, then, at that very instant, when you're absolutely sure... tell him.  Tell him that exact second.  And, spoil that kid every chance you get.
146) 16) text: Somerset stands.  He forces a smile.
146) 17) dialog: That's all the wisdom I can share with you, Tracy.  I barely know you.
146) 19) dialog: Probably not.  But, it's probably better that way.
146) 20) text: Somerset steps away, leaves.  Tracy watches him go.
147) 0) text: Mills and Somerset walk towards the precinct house.  They through cars to cross the street.
147) 1) dialog: I've decided... I want to stay on, till this is over.  Till either it's done, or we can see it will never end.
147) 4) dialog: One of two things is going to happen. We're either going to get John Doe... or, he will finish his series of seven, and he'll never be found.
147) 6) dialog: I'm requesting you keep me on as your partner a few more days.  You'd be doing me the favor.
147) 8) dialog: No.  I wasn't sure at all.
148) 0) text: Mills and Somerset walk past booking cubicles and benches handcuffed low-lifes.  The place is swimming with activit The two detectives head to a duty desk at the end of the
148) 1) dialog: As soon as this is over, I'll be gone.
148) 3) text: They pass through a gate and Somerset goes to the stairca leading to the second floor.  Mills stops at the duty des Other cops are fighting for the DUTY SERGEANT'S attention
148) 6) text: Mills stops, looks.  Somerset stops, looks back down the John Doe stands inside the precinct house doors.  He hold his arms as if to say "presto, here I am." Near silence comes to the room as all eyes go to the figu John Doe. Mills is riveted, finding this impossible to comprehend. One UNIFORMED COP takes out his gun, points it at John Do
148) 10) text: Somerset comes back down the stairs.
148) 11) dialog: Be careful!
148) 19) text: Cops frisk and handcuff Doe.  Somerset comes beside Mills
148) 20) dialog: I don't believe it.
149) 0) text: Mills, Somerset and the captain stand in darkness. On the other side of a two-way mirror, John Doe is seated restraining chair in an interrogation room.  His hands an are bound with leather straps to the chair's arm and legs strap hold tight around Doe's throat.  This is not some superman/serial killer.  He looks more like an eccentric professor.  His lawyer MARK SWARR, 43, sits at a table, t notes. Mills holds a fingerprint card.  The black ink prints are useless blobs with traces of blood in them.
149) 4) text: Somerset stands looking in at Doe.
149) 5) dialog: Because he is John Doe, by choice.
149) 13) text: Somerset looks at them.  Says nothing.
149) 17) dialog: Slow up.  You and I are, probably for the first time ever, in total agreement. He wouldn't just stop.
149) 19) dialog: John Doe's only two murders away from finishing his masterpiece, right?  But, can you even conceive of what might happen next?  I mean, can you tell me how he's going to go about it?
149) 21) dialog: I can tell you this; I recognize his lawyer.  His name is Mark Swarr.  He's the one who kept Zero out of prison. (pause) We'll wait for John Doe's plea.
150) 1) text: Clock on the wall says 4:45.  Somerset packs books into b preparing for his eventual departure.  The captain opens door and steps into the office.  He clears his throat, lo like there is something very wrong.
151) 0) text: Mills and Somerset stand together.  The captain is behind desk with the D.A., Martin Talbot, seated in front of him Swarr addresses them all, seems nervous, but in control.
151) 6) dialog: (to captain) This is all part of his game plan.
151) 19) text: Talbot stands, wringing his hands.  Mills and Somerset ar looking at each other, thinking it over.
151) 24) dialog: Hold on... just a minute.
151) 25) text: Somerset turns to Talbot.
151) 26) dialog: If he were to plead insanity... this conversation is admissible.  The fact that he's blackmailing us with his plea...
151) 29) text: Somerset is thinking it through.  He looks at Mills.
151) 30) dialog: (to captain) Well... let's get the fucking lawyer out of the room, and we can talk about how this whole thing's going to go down.
152) 0) text: Mills' hand reaches to the sink to pick up a razor.  He's shirtless, his chest covered in shaving cream.  He starts shaving in front of a mirror.  Somerset is behind him, sm
152) 1) dialog: If John Doe's head splits open, and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it.
152) 3) dialog: No emotion.  Stay as cold as ice.
152) 5) text: Somerset flicks ash in the sink.  Mills finishes shaving. steps away from the sink and wipes his chest off with a t
152) 7) dialog: What is it?
152) 9) text: Somerset walks away.  Mills laughs.
152) 10) dialog: Please...
152) 13) dialog: Give me a break.
153) 0) text: Mills has his shirt off.  A female technician, Josie, tap radio transmitter and microphone to his chest. Somerset sits nearby at one of the ready room desks.  He bullet-proof vest, is just finishing a check of his gun. putting the bullets back into it. Josie finishes prepping Mills.  Mills presses the adhesiv making sure it will hold.  He puts on a shirt and bullet- vest, fastens the velcro. Somerset stands, puts the gun in his hip holster. Mills picks up his own gun, checks it, holsters it.  He w Somerset take out a roll of antacids.  Somerset pops a fe
153) 1) dialog: Ready?
155) 0) text: Mills' car pulls out of the fenced parking lot.  John Doe seated in the rear. The car speeds up on the street, turns onto an avenue, he into a canyon formed by tall buildings.  At the corner, a parked. Somerset is at the wheel.  He pulls out, follows Mills' c
158) 0) text: Somerset adjusts the volume on a radio receiver mounted o dash.  He watches the road ahead, tailing Mills.
160) 0) text: Mills' car weaves through traffic. Somerset's car isn't far behind, goes through a red light barely missing a truck.  Other cars blow their horns.
161) 1) dialog: I'm here.
161) 3) dialog: If we're on the bridge, you keep your distance.  You hear me?
162) 1) dialog: (from headset) Cross the river before us if necessary.
164) 0) text: FROM HIGH ABOVE, we see traffic on the highway at the pol river's edge.  Cards and trucks move like blood through v DOWN CLOSER, we can see Mills' car in the flow.  The car into a lane of traffic on its way to the huge suspension Somerset's car is in close pursuit. UNDER THE BRIDGE, the police helicopter travels close to water, moving parallel to the bridge, but low, so that it of the sightline of the vehicles above.
165) 0) text: Traffic is bumper to bumper.  Somerset moves his headset mouthpiece to smoke a cigarette.  He steers onto the brid under the massive girders.
169) 2) dialog: (in mouthpiece) A quick sweep is all we get.  Clear out now.  You're right in front of us.
169) 3) text: Somerset reaches to turn up the volume on his radio recei Mills is HEARD SINGING "Jesus Christ Superstar," loud.  S allows a very faint smile.
172) 0) text: Mills' tune comes to a conclusion.  Somerset slows the ca sees Mills' brake lights go on ahead.
172) 2) dialog: (in mouthpiece) You stay out of this unless I call you in, California.  Understand?
172) 4) text: Somerset takes off the headset/phone, stops the car.
173) 0) text: Somerset gets out.  He looks through binoculars.
175) 0) text: Somerset has pulled along Mills' car, at the junk-yard.
177) 0) text: Somerset looks towards the far off alleyway, horrified.
179) 0) text: Somerset leaps out, takes out his gun.  FOLLOW as he runs the junk-yard as fast as he can.
182) 0) text: FOLLOW Somerset as he charges onwards through the junk-ya stumbling over pieces of metal.  He runs towards the alle
185) 0) text: Somerset enters the alley, short of breath.  He points hi in front of him, fearful.  Moving slowly.
185) 1) dialog: Mills!
188) 0) text: Somerset comes upon the open manhole.  Water rushes by.
188) 1) dialog: Christ.
189) 0) text: The central pool bubbles, undulating.  Somerset surfaces, inhaling, bringing his gun up.  He looks.  No one in sigh
189) 1) dialog: Mills!  Pull out!
189) 3) dialog: (pleading) Pull out now!
189) 4) text: Somerset looks up, and freezes up on seeing -- -- Doe's handcuffs hang, swinging, on the rail of the cat above, with Mills' radio transmitter and wire tied to the
190) 0) text: Somerset runs to his car, driven, gasping for breath, sti soaking wet.  He stops for one second, looks. Not too far away, the police helicopter flies low to the turning in wide circles. Somerset climbs into the car, starts it up.  He drives aw leaving his lights off.  The engine protests loudly, forc its limit.  The car disappears in darkness. The police helicopter circles, useless.
191) 0) text: The church stands elegant at night, when its decayed stat partially hidden.  Small shafts of light escape from hole the facade and just into the blackness. Somerset is out of his car.  He strides towards the churc checks his gun as he goes.  FOLLOW with him, getting clos the church.  He climbs the stairs. Somerset steps up and kicks the church doors open, met by tremendous blast of light --
192) 0) text: Flickering orange light from hundreds of once tall orange candles, now burnt low.  They greet Somerset, in the chur old candle racks, on the floor, on the altar and all thro the pews. Somerset's eyes try to adjust to the light.  He holds his ready, walks down the long center aisle.
192) 3) dialog: Where's David?
192) 5) dialog: Tell me what you want.
192) 6) text: Somerset can see through the heat warp.  Doe stands facin from the altar.
192) 8) text: Somerset obeys, bends, slides the gun down the aisle till hits the bottom altar stair.  He keeps walking, slowly.
192) 9) dialog: I want to see him.  Show me Mills.
192) 12) text: Doe's voice is thick with passion.  Somerset is about hal down the aisle, still moving.
192) 13) dialog: You're a murderer.  That's all.  The only way you've distinguished yourself is by your particular brutality.
192) 16) dialog: You're killing innocent people, and I should admire you?  You're doing it because it gives you pleasure.  That's the only purpose... your sick pleasure.
192) 19) text: Somerset stops.
192) 23) text: Somerset looks fearful.  He starts approaching again.
192) 24) dialog: All you've done is cause more misery and pain!  You've given people all the more reason to believe there is no God!
192) 25) text: Somerset eyes his gun at the bottom of the stairs. Doe sees Somerset moving, throws the gas can away, takes gun.  Doe walks to the edge of the altar, all the time ho his end of the rope.
192) 27) text: Somerset is twitching with anger, looking at the gun abou fifteen feet in front of him. Mills manages to look up, weak, his eyes barely able to o because of the stinging gasoline.
192) 29) text: Doe takes one step down off the altar.  Somerset is still forward, hands out away from his body.
192) 30) dialog: Do you really think I'm just going to let this happen?!  You think I'm going to let him die?
192) 32) text: Doe fires his gun and the bullet slams into the front of Somerset's bullet-proof vest.  Somerset flies back, knock over a rack of candles on his way to the floor. Doe walks quickly back onto the altar.
192) 34) text: Mills tries to grab at Doe as he passes, but Doe turns an Mills in the ribs.  Mills cringes in pain. Somerset lays in the aisle, on his stomach, gasping.  He catch his breath, his twisted face pressed against the fl
192) 36) text: Mills tries to rub the gas out of his eyes with his bound His mind works feverishly.  He looks around to see where then he searches the floor.  We can see, inside his open the bleeding, upside-down cross Doe has cut into his ches Doe walks back to shout angrily down at Somerset.
192) 38) text: Somerset holds his chest, blinking, trying not to black o Mills finds a piece of broken stained glass on the floor. picks it up, palms it, still choking on gasoline. Doe walks over to the statue of Saint Jerome Emiliani, pu the rope from above so it goes taut and Mills' arms raise his head.  Doe wraps the rope around Emiliani's arm.
192) 44) text: Somerset manages to life his head, struggles to his knees
192) 45) dialog: (weakly) Let him go, God damn you.
192) 54) text: Somerset gets to his feet, steadying himself on a pew. Doe walks across the altar, picks up a long metal pole wi thick wick and candle snuffer on the end.  He lights the from a near candle.  The flame burns long and thin.  He l down at Somerset, takes out his gun.
192) 56) text: Doe holds the flaming pole up, near Mills. Somerset stops.  He looks up at Mills. Mills is straining.  He nods to Somerset, and Somerset se Mills cutting at the rope.
192) 57) dialog: Alright... you don't have to do this, John.  You've already made your point.
192) 59) text: Doe lowers the flame, standing below and beside Mills, wi attention focused on Somerset.
192) 61) dialog: You're insane.  That's why.
192) 66) dialog: Don't do this!
192) 68) dialog: No!
192) 69) text: Just as Doe is to put the flame to Mills, the rope is fin cut through.  Mills drops, swinging his legs forward, sma Doe in the face, knocking Doe's glasses off. Mills hits the floor with a thud. Somerset runs forward.
192) 70) dialog: David, get out!
192) 71) text: Doe has fallen back, dropping the metal pole.  Mills scra to his feet and charges at Doe, shouting. Doe squints, screaming, raises his gun.  Fires twice! The bullets catch Mills in mid-run, and carry him off his backwards. Somerset grips his own gun, just as Mills' body falls, tu off the altar area and down the stairs in front of him.
192) 72) dialog: No!
192) 73) text: Somerset lets out a scream of pain and rage that chokes i throat.  He falls to his knees and halts Mills' body. Somerset's shaking, unable to breathe, turning Mills over cradling his head in his arms.  Tears come to his eyes.
192) 74) dialog: David... David?  Please...
192) 75) text: On the altar, Doe throws his gun away.  he starts feeling him, unsteady, looking for his glasses. Mills' eyes are closed.  He is still, bloody.  He swallow With one gasp, without a word, he is dead. Somerset looks up at Doe, vision blurred by rage and tear Doe stands, putting on his glasses, faces Somerset. Somerset lays Mills' body down.  Stands, walks up towards altar, raises his gun.
192) 76) dialog: You.
192) 77) text: Doe stands, quaking, teeth clenched, fists balled up.  He for the bullets, falls to his knees. The gun trembles in Somerset's hand as Somerset brings th barrel to Doe's face.  A millisecond's pause.  Somerset c the angle of fire.  BLAM, he blows John Doe's arm to piec splattering explosion. Doe screams, falling back, on the altar floor.
193) 0) text: Smoke billows from the windows.  The fire is moving quick ravenous.  It's just starting to light up the night. From the front door, Somerset walks weeping, carrying Mil body in his arms.
195) 0) text: A field of blue.  Cops in orderly rows.  The funeral of D Mills.  Many police officials and politicians stand in tr Somerset is here, in his dress blue uniform.  He stares f still numb, beaten.  Rifles are raised by a corps of rifl Blanks explode from the barrels.  They reload in unison. Somerset looks towards the grace where Mills' casket lies an American flag.  Tracy is there. Tracy stands surrounded by strangers at the grave-site. head is lowered.  She cries.  Each blast of the rifle sal causes her to react with a start.
196) 0) text: The funeral is over.  Somerset stands at the edge of the graveyard, looking at the distant city.  Behind him, the mourners are still filing out to their cars. The captain approaches.  He comes to stand beside Somerse similarly solemn.
196) 2) text: Somerset hasn't acknowledged the captain, still looking a
196) 4) text: The captain takes out a sealed envelope.  Somerset takes On the envelope: DETECTIVE SOMERSET, handwritten, in red
197) 0) text: Tracy and Somerset stand near a moving truck in front of apartment building.  MOVERS carry Tracy's belongings to t truck.  Mills' car is attached to be towed behind.
197) 1) dialog: I wish I could say something... (pause) Something to... I don't know...
197) 3) text: Somerset nods.
197) 4) dialog: We'll keep in touch.  I'll come visit.
197) 6) dialog: Take care of yourself. (pause) Take care of the baby.
197) 10) dialog: Goodbye, Tracy.
197) 12) text: Somerset walks away.  Tracy walks away, gets in the passe side of the moving truck.
198) 0) text: Sidewalks jammed with people, hurrying.  Somerset walks i fog, hands in his pockets.  He stops at a corner, but doe cross.  He stands there, looks up. At the city around him.  The buildings towering over him. At the cars, buses and taxies racing in the streets, blow their horns and spouting soot. Somerset reaches into his jacket pocket, takes out the en from John Doe.  He studies it in his hand.
198) 1) dialog: (to himself) Oh... man...
199) 0) text: Cars roll by in the street.  Cops come and go. Somerset walks up the stairs into the precinct house.