14) 0) text: Across a living room full of boxes, TRACY MILLS, 30, a be woman, stands in her bathrobe.  She's upset about somethi takes dishes out of boxes, puts them on the kitchenette c She pulls a mug from a clump of newspaper and pours some from a pot on the stove.  Blowing on the steaming tea, sh back on the counter, looks over at the closed bedroom doo The tea is too hot to sip, and as Tracy is placing the mu the counter behind her the PHONE RINGS.  Startled, she re the mug too close to the edge.  It falls -- Crashes to the floor, shatters.
19) 0) text: Tracy looks out a window from behind steel bars. Below her, young children play in a playground.  They're hop-scotch, throwing balls, chasing each other.  The swin are broken.  The handball wall is graffitied.
19) 2) text: Tracy looks away from the window to the haggard WOMAN.  T school's office is ill-equipped, busy, disorganized.
19) 4) dialog: Thank you.
19) 5) text: Tracy looks back at the playground: on the other side of chain-link fence, a butcher in a bloody apron walks down ramp of a freezer truck.  he carries a big, whole, slaugh pig on his shoulder. The pig's head flops as the butcher walks.  Some children their games and run to watch the man and the pig corpse p
20) 0) text: The train clatters through a tunnel, packed full, WHEELS SCREECHING.  The lights go on and off.  Passengers read tabloids, stare at their feet, study advertisements on th walls; anything to avoid making eye-contact with others. All races, creeds and colors; all ugly, forlorn human bei Tracy stands fatigued, holding a handrail. A bag-lady, crusted with dirt, reeking, pushes her way th the crowd.  A man presses against Tracy in an attempt to bag-lady pass.  Tracy switches hands on the rail, turns s to make room.  She looks down. On one seat, a man, quite normal looking, sits holding a magazine, THREE-WAY FUCK, in one hand.  His other hand is pocket.  He's obviously masturbating himself in his pants one else notices or seems to care. Tracy looks away, disgusted.  She closes her eyes.  The t wheels SCREECH LOUDER as the train takes a curve.
21) 0) text: The front and one side of the shop are entirely open to t sidewalk and street.  A transparent plastic canopy frames entrance.  A STRANGE MAN, 20, stands at the edge of the c He wears a stained sweatsuit outfit and hums a song, obli Tracy and Mills look together over the piles of fruits an vegetables piled on wooden stands which form tight aisles
21) 4) dialog: He sounds interesting.
21) 6) text: Mills throws some oranges in the basket hanging from Trac arm.  He goes to check out the carrots.  Tracy looks up f heads of lettuce to the strange man at the entrance. The strange man hums on, rocking back and forth slowly, h glassy.  Customers come and go, paying him no mind. Mills notices Tracy's interest.  He keeps comparing carro
21) 11) dialog: It's... it's like they emptied all the insane asylums into the streets.
21) 13) dialog: That's what it's like.  Like they just gave up, and let everyone out.
21) 14) text: Mills nods, his back to Tracy.
21) 15) dialog: There are a lot of frightening people in this city.
21) 17) text: Tracy looks again to the strange man.
21) 19) dialog: It seems worse than Philadelphia, because everything is pushed right up against you.  In your face.
21) 20) text: Mills edges past Tracy towards the front of the store, tr be pleasant.
21) 23) dialog: I'm not trying to start a fight. (pause) How am I trying to start a fight?
21) 25) dialog: Do I have to act like I love this place? Is that what a "good wife" would do?
21) 27) dialog: And, there's a lot of pressure on me. I'm here with you.
21) 29) text: Mills steps towards the open air entrance.  He's watching something.  The strange man is still heard offscreen. Tracy reaches to a high wooden shelf, trying to reach a b rice, her back to Mills.
21) 30) dialog: I'm not going to close my eyes and block everything out, David.  I'm not going to act like you delivered us to some sort of paradise.  I can't...
22) 0) text: Tracy's anger fades.  She shakes her head, touched, amaze the plain boy scoutishness of her husband.
23) 0) text: Tracy rolls her eyes in amused disappointment.  She sighs Mills passes the babbling strange man, comes up to Tracy.
23) 2) text: Tracy looks at him, charmed, no longer willing to fight.
23) 4) text: Tracy wraps an arm around Mills and kisses him.  He holds
23) 6) text: The strange man starts humming a new tune.  An old man tr get through the aisle where Mills and Tracy are kissing.
24) 0) text: A small transistor RADIO PLAYS on the bedside table. Mills and Tracy are in bed, making love under the sheets. move rhythmically, kissing, sweating hard. Mills holds Tracy's hair in his hands, pulls her head bac she gasps and he thrusts his entire body against hers. Mills' hair is soaked.  He is anything but mellow as a lo quickening while Tracy twists underneath him.  Tracy hold to the back of his neck with one hand. Finally, Mills pushes himself up on his arms, holding his down against Tracy's chest.  Holds for a long moment, til spent and lowers himself against her, into her arms.  He long time.  She kisses his forehead, keeping her eyes clo Finally, Mills rolls off her, gets behind her and wraps t of them in the sheets.  He folds himself against her, and stay that way.
24) 1) dialog: Goodnight.
24) 3) text: After a long moment, Mills shifts back, sits up.  Tracy l over her shoulder at him as he takes a towel off a chair stands.  Mills wraps the towel around his waist. He leans over to give Tracy a last kiss.  She watches him the room.  She is about to say something, but does not. comes on in the other room, leaking through the door.
41) 11) text: Mills points the remote, turns the t.v. off as reporters Talbot.  Mills stares at the blank screen, dispirited. Across the room, Tracy stands in the doorway.  Mills does see her.  He looks at the photocopy and sits at his desk. Tracy watches him, great concern in her sad eyes.
46) 0) text: Somerset, holding more than an armful of art books and no pounds on the apartment door.  Tracy opens it with the ch
46) 1) dialog: Can I help you?
46) 2) text: She takes a second to drink Somerset in.  Somerset is sur having expected Mills.  Tracy is so exquisite that he fal
46) 4) dialog: He's not here right now.
46) 7) dialog: (undoes chain) Please, come in.
47) 0) text: Tracy leads Somerset into the disarray of the apartment.
47) 1) dialog: David went for a walk.  To clear his head.  Oh, you can put those here.
47) 3) text: Tracy motions and Somerset puts the books on Mills' desk. He starts looking through one book, checking paperclipped
47) 5) dialog: Would you like some coffee, or a drink. David should be back any minute.
47) 8) dialog: At least I got to meet you.  David has told me a lot about you.
47) 10) dialog: Oh, yes.  He said you were very smart.
47) 12) dialog: I think he's a bit intimidated by you.
47) 15) text: He lays the various scraps and receipts aside on the desk to start writing on the notepad.  Tracy goes to the kitch to get a chair.
47) 16) dialog: You two aren't working together anymore. Isn't that so?
47) 18) dialog: Tracy.
47) 20) dialog: That's too bad.
47) 21) text: Tracy brings the chair over by the desk and sits.  Somers looks up from his writing.
47) 23) text: Tracy nods, leaning forward, semi-conspiratorially.
47) 24) dialog: You know, Somerset, David is very... determined.  I'm sure you've seen, it's not likely he'll ever be compared to Gandhi.
47) 26) dialog: He sees policework as a crusade.  That's what he wants it to be, and, that might sound naive, but he's made a conscious choice to be naive. (pause) Believe me, his heart's in the right place.
47) 29) dialog: Yeah.  Pretty hokey, huh?  But, what girl wouldn't want the captain of the football team as their lifelong mate?
47) 31) dialog: I guess so.
47) 32) text: Tracy's smile falters a bit.  Somerset notices this.  He from her spell, turns to continue writing.
47) 34) dialog: Take your time.
47) 35) text: Somerset writes.  Tracy looks over the stack of books: Titles on the spines: BOSCH, A HISTORY OF CHRISTIAN ART, THE ELDER, etc.  Hardcover novels: DANTE'S PURGATORY and CANTERBURY TALES. Tracy stands to look at the novels on top, then sees the paper scraps from Somerset's pocket.  She picks up the pi wallpaper with the pale red rose at its center.
47) 36) dialog: What is this?
47) 39) text: Tracy tilts her head, looking at Somerset.
47) 40) dialog: You have a strange way about you, Somerset... I mean in a good way... unusual.
47) 42) dialog: I apologize.  I'll get out of your hair.
47) 43) text: Tracy stands, takes the chair back to the kitchenette.
47) 44) dialog: It's just... it's nice to hear a man who talks like that.  If David saw that paper, he'd say you're acting like a homosexual.  That's how he is.
47) 46) dialog: I suppose not.
47) 47) text: Somerset continues writing.  Tracy sits at the kitchenett table, watches him.
51) 0) text: A record player on a moving box PLAYS QUIET MUSIC. There's a basketball game with NO VOLUME on the t.v. scre Tracy, Mills and Somerset eat at the kitchen table.  Mill beeper by his beer and occasionally fingers it absently.
51) 1) dialog: Why aren't you married, Somerset?
51) 5) dialog: It surprises me you're not married.  It really does.
51) 8) text: Mills grins, but he means it.  he sips beer.  The convers lapses into long silence.  Somerset concentrates on his p Tracy looks at Mills, who eats while watching the basketb game.
51) 9) dialog: (to Somerset) How long have you lived here?
51) 11) dialog: You take the bad with the good, I suppose.  It's... it's...
51) 13) text: Tracy looks at Mills.  Somerset can see it is a sore subj
51) 16) dialog: Subway train.  It's right below us/
51) 17) text: The dishes clatter more.  Coffee cups clink against their saucers.  Tracy holds her cup to stop it, tries to act li is nothing, but she is clearly bothered.
51) 18) dialog: It'll go away in a minute.
51) 22) dialog: We found out the first night.
51) 25) text: He pulls himself together, but only for a moment.  He can it, laughs harder, covering his mouth.  Tracy and Mills l
52) 0) text: The record player spins a different album, DIFFERENT MUSI Tracy's clearing the last dishes into the sink.  Mills an Somerset have beers.
52) 2) dialog: I don't think I've ever met anyone who didn't have a television.
52) 3) text: Tracy takes a pot of coffee to the table and pours.
52) 8) text: Tracy brings over a plate of cookies and puts it on the t
52) 12) text: Mills laughs.  Burps.  he turns to Tracy.
52) 14) text: Somerset gives a blank stare.  Tracy walks away.
52) 17) text: Across the room, Tracy turns the t.v. and the record play She goes into the bedroom, shuts the door behind her with word.  Somerset and Mills turn to the closed door. They look at each other, then sit for a time.  Somerset d coffee.  Mills drums his fingers on his beeper.  Big sile
62) 0) text: Tracy is asleep with lights on.  She stirs, opens her eye
63) 0) text: Tracy opens the door, enters.  It's quiet.  She sees Mill Somerset are gone.  She's all alone.  Unhappy.
64) 0) text: Through the window, we can see into the bedroom.  Tracy c back from the living room.  She goes to her side of the b kneels.  She reaches between the mattress and bedspring, out a paperback book she has hidden there. She comes to the window, opens it and climbs out onto the escape.  She sits, dangles her feet through the metal bar opens the book and tries to read by the street light, res her head against the railing.  A WOMAN is HEARD SCREAMING distantly. Tracy looks down the empty street, unsettled.  The woman heard again. Tracy lays back, looks at the sky, holding herself.  We c see the title of the book: PREPARING FOR PARENTHOOD.  The picture of a baby on the cover. Tracy cries, quietly.
114) 0) text: The bookstore is a labyrinth.  Tables and shelves, mounta valleys of books.  Books, new and used, hard and soft, in disorganized groups.  CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS.  A few custo search for titles. Somerset walks, downcast, winds out of one aisle into ano he has his jacket over his shoulder, runs his fingers alo books as he goes.  He pulls one book, The Merchant of Ven looks at it, replaces it.  He looks down the aisle and is surprised to see Tracy. Tracy stands solemn, scanning book spines.  Somerset appr
114) 2) text: Tracy brightens a bit upon recognizing him.
114) 3) dialog: Somerset.  How are you?
114) 5) text: Tracy looks up and around.
114) 6) dialog: It's so huge.  It's amazing.
114) 8) dialog: Don't you love the smell of all the old books.  It smells like... like... I guess just old books, but, I love it.
114) 9) text: Somerset notices Tracy noticing his gun.
114) 10) dialog: Forgive me.  No matter how often I see guns, I can't get used to them.
114) 12) text: Tracy laughs.  She looks at her watch.
114) 13) dialog: If David's going to be back home soon, I should get back.
114) 15) dialog: I hope you'll come to dinner another night.  Before you leave.
114) 17) text: Tracy considers this as they enter an open area.
114) 19) text: Tracy stops.  Somerset looks hopeful.  Tracy is very temp
115) 4) dialog: Sounds like a father who wanted his son to follow in his footsteps.
115) 9) dialog: David's going to wonder where I am.
115) 11) dialog: No.  Please, don't bother.
117) 0) text: Somerset puts the car in park.  Tracy sits for a long tim turns to face Somerset.
117) 1) dialog: You've lived here for so long, Somerset. You know this city.  I...
117) 2) text: Tracy can't quite figure how to put it.
117) 4) dialog: When David and I lived in Philadelphia, we could afford to live on the outskirts.  But now... (pause) I hate it here.  I feel scared, and I feel sick and... I hate it.
117) 5) text: Tracy wants to laugh, like it's silly, but can't pull it
118) 0) text: In Somerset's car, Tracy and Somerset continue talking. On the other side of the street, closer to the middle of block, John Doe's car is parallel parked at the curb.
119) 0) text: Behind the wheel, John Doe is slumped low, calmly watchin Somerset and Tracy.  He can see them clearly from here.
120) 0) text: Tracy looks out through the windshield, fighting tears.
120) 1) dialog: I've visited so many of the schools, looking for work, you know.  And, the conditions are... horrible.  I can't believe how bad it is. (pause) Children shouldn't have to grow up here.
120) 7) text: Tracy is able to muster a small smile.
120) 8) dialog: Oh, God, yes.  Please.
120) 10) text: Tracy leans to give him a kiss on the cheek.
120) 11) dialog: Goodnight, Somerset.
120) 14) text: Somerset reaches to touch Tracy's face.  They kiss.  They long time.  Tracy wraps her arms around Somerset's neck. Somerset runs his fingers through Tracy's hair.  They sha their sorrow.  Tracy's tears run down her face.  Finally, part, opening their eyes. They know this is wrong.  Somerset's hands are shaking. grips the wheel, feels helpless.
120) 16) text: Tracy's face is flushed.  She is confused.
120) 17) dialog: I... I better go.
120) 18) text: Tracy gets out, neglects to close the door, not looking b Somerset tries to come to his senses.  He doesn't underst either, and his heart is aching.  He adjusts the rearview to watch Tracy go. INSERT -- THROUGH REARVIEW MIRROR -- SOMERSET'S P.O.V. Tracy walks down the block, straightening her hair.  She
123) 0) text: John Doe watches Somerset's car leave.  Doe turns his att to Tracy, who hurries along the other side of the street. looks back, enters her apartment building, digs out her k She gets through the door and climbs stairs, disappearing
124) 0) text: Doe gets out of his car. He looks both ways down the street, walks towards Mills' Tracy's building.
125) 0) text: Mills and Tracy are asleep in their bed.  Mills' eyes shi under their lids.  Rapid eye movement. A SOUND is HEARD from the other room.  Mills awakens.  He still a moment, then gets up, slowly, reaches to take his off the bedside table.  He grabs his pants from a chair, into them.
129) 0) text: Mills returns to the bedroom, still holding his gun up. looks at Tracy asleep in the bed.  The room begins to RAT little as a subway train is again passing underground. He walks to the window and checks the lock.  He halts.  H the window and reaches out.  The rattling is a bit LOUDER From the fire escape, he picks up a bundle of thorny this wrapped with a rubber band.  Mills realizes, Doe was here
130) 0) text: The room is plain, like the room Mrs. Gold was kept in. door opens and Tracy and Mills enter.  They look sleepy, carrying suitcases.  A uniformed cop closes the door for Mills goes to lay a suitcase on a table while Tracy looks around, depressed, distant.  The lighting is bad.  There decorations, no windows.  A wide crack runs down one wall Tracy sits down on the bed.  Mills notices her discontent
130) 2) dialog: I know.
130) 5) text: Tracy nods.  She stands, goes to start turning down the c
130) 6) dialog: I know.  It can't be helped.
130) 7) text: Mills feels useless, powerless.  He goes to the suitcase starts unpacking the contents.  Tracy continues turning d sheets.
139) 0) text: Somerset and Mills are shell-shocked, seated at their des Somerset is looking out the window.  Mills stares at the Somerset looks to his temporary desk.  He picks up a smal of mail, sorts through it.  An 8" by 10" manila envelope interests him.  It reads DETECTIVE SOMERSET on the outsid handwritten in red marker.  He opens it. He takes out a grainy photograph of he and Tracy kissing car.  It's obviously been taken with a special night-lens Somerset goes pale, suppressing a gasp.  He holds the pho hide it from Mills, looks to see Mills has not noticed. feels panicky, crumples the photo and envelope in his han
142) 0) text: Mills comes quietly into the bedroom.  Tracy is asleep in bed.  Mills takes off his jacket, puts it down.  He sits chair and unties one shoe, takes it off.  He looks at Tra looks at her a long time. He puts the shoe on the floor and goes to get on the bed. kisses Tracy's forehead, looks at her sleeping innocently is touched, saddened.  He kisses her cheek, then wraps hi under and around her.  He holds tight, kisses her again. stirs.
142) 1) dialog: David?
142) 4) text: Tracy holds his face in her hands, sees that he is crying
142) 5) dialog: David?
145) 2) dialog: (from phone, upset) Hello, Somerset.  It's Tracy.
145) 4) dialog: Yes.  Everything's fine.  Could... could you meet me somewhere.  To talk.
145) 6) dialog: I need to talk to someone, Somerset. You're the only friend I have here.  I don't know anyone else.
146) 0) text: Somerset and Tracy are seated in a booth by the window. city's morning rush passes by outside.  The cafe is noisy Tracy is very upset.  Somerset is very uneasy.
146) 2) text: Tracy shakes her head.  Somerset sighs.  Long silence.
146) 4) dialog: I just can't think straight.  I don't know why I called you, except I can't stand to hold it as a secret anymore.  I had to get it out... and I can't tell David yet.  Not yet.
146) 5) text: Somerset takes out his cigarettes, but thinks better of i puts them away.  He watches Tracy stir her coffee.
146) 9) dialog: I want to have children.  But...
146) 11) text: Tracy reaches to hold Somerset's hand, but he withdraws i wipes his tears away.
146) 13) text: Tracy looks around the cafe, tears in her eyes.
146) 15) dialog: Somerset...
146) 18) dialog: Will I see you again, before you leave?
146) 20) text: Somerset steps away, leaves.  Tracy watches him go.
195) 0) text: A field of blue.  Cops in orderly rows.  The funeral of D Mills.  Many police officials and politicians stand in tr Somerset is here, in his dress blue uniform.  He stares f still numb, beaten.  Rifles are raised by a corps of rifl Blanks explode from the barrels.  They reload in unison. Somerset looks towards the grace where Mills' casket lies an American flag.  Tracy is there. Tracy stands surrounded by strangers at the grave-site. head is lowered.  She cries.  Each blast of the rifle sal causes her to react with a start.
197) 0) text: Tracy and Somerset stand near a moving truck in front of apartment building.  MOVERS carry Tracy's belongings to t truck.  Mills' car is attached to be towed behind.
197) 2) dialog: I'll be okay.
197) 5) dialog: I'll write to you when we get there.
197) 7) text: Tracy nods.  There's nothing left for them to say.  They' empty.  It's time for them to give a gesture, a kiss, or to say goodbye, but neither makes the first move.
197) 11) dialog: Goodbye, Somerset.
197) 12) text: Somerset walks away.  Tracy walks away, gets in the passe side of the moving truck.
198) 4) text: The truck moves along in steady traffic.  Tracy sits besi driver.  She looks out at the city across the river. She reaches into her pocket, takes out a small manila env She opens the envelope and slides two keys on a keychain into her palm. She's looking at the keys when she notices something abou envelope.  She reopens it, takes out a small folded piece paper.  She unfolds it: It is the piece of wallpaper with the pale rose at its ce She smiles very faintly.