0) 14) dialog: You're Kidding...
0) 27) dialog: That'ssthe last damm hitehiker I ever pick up..
0) 33) dialog: 
0) 35) dialog: Read Sally'’s.. She's Capricorn..
0) 43) dialog: There's a place just ahead. We better go ahead and get some gas... Cont..
0) 52) dialog: I'll go see 1f I can get somebody.. The sagging soreen door tangs open at that. moment and a somewhat past his middle years exits, blinks in the light then. heads toward the van.
0) 54) dialog: Howdy.. The old man does not respond itamediately but firs t lean to rest-his arms on the window of the van an@ pokes his h inside alzost into Jerry's face and looks around. .Kirk a Franklin nod hells..
0) 69) dialog: Yeah.
0) 76) dialog: Be this afternoon, huh? OLY Man Yepe.You boys 13 welcome to stick around. I got . gome good barbque.
0) 81) dialog: We'll be -carefull.
0) 87) text: Bia. . SALLY © (To Jerry) Gould I get a Dro. Pepper? It's only a quarter..
0) 88) dialog: 
0) 97) dialog: He would probably have told us if there was,.. KTRE. Wouldn't hurt to ask? 32 cur TO: moe Pam and Sally have bought soft drinks and are loiteri ) about,. talicing. . Cont... Po, . | 37 a. Cont. Cy cur To } ae 33 3 Se. ' | Jerry opens the door of the van and starts toward ‘the | cur TO: A strange looking,. poorly dressed and filthy child burst of the cafe sobbing angrily.. Ha sees Jerry approach and sobbing rushes Jerry and tries to bite him on the thigh. Jerry sidesteps him and ducks into the cafe shaking his h ’ 34 CUT To INTERIOR Van Pranklin is toying with his switchblade again; he pusheas r blade slowly deep into the foam, withdraws it,. pushes again, withdraws end over and over methodically and hypno
0) 105) text: Reaction of Girls seeing Jerry appreach the van;: they hu toward the van. 36 CUT To: / Sally:and Pam loiter near the highway. 37 CUT Tos | Jerry leaves the cafe carrying a greasy brown paper” bag. : 38 «CUT. To: |
0) 108) dialog: Nothing, man. Newt's the closest place to get gas. EIak Guess we better hang around.. FRANKLIN. We're going ot gO out to Grandpas old house aren't
0) 121) dialog: Ti got us some tarbque.
0) 139) dialog: I*d like to look around this old place @ bit anyway.. _- TES wa
0) 151) text: Oh,,I don't tmow, I guess so.. Sverything Means something. . 49 INTESYOR DAY: STONE ZoUSE Franklin 1s wheeling around the ground floor... Jerry and Sally are-exploring the second story. Their footsteps ean be heard ecoing hollowly through the old’ house..
0) 248) dialog: {Laughs) Sure. Pranklin is etaring inte the flames of the campfire. The words seem to bring nim back from a state of semioconsciousness. He looks up at Jerry and Sally slightly dazed, wheels himself about and noves off in the direction of the van.. Ze speaks ag he moves: and 68 cont. 56 labors to give his words a::casual air he does not feale. .
0) 250) dialog: Re'a really got himself going.. Pranklin 1s a Chaplinesqus figure in his ‘battered wheelohair;; the damaged’ wheel flops oddly at each turn. . Franklin stops and wheels around to face Jerry and Sally..
0) 252) dialog: T thought you didn't believe in that: stuff.
0) 264) dialog: I gave him your name,, Pranklin.. T told him where you live too.. He's going to get you. Terry. . Franklin laughs nervously.
0) 266) dialog: It doesn't make any difference. Het s still going to get you..He told me he was going to kill youu
0) 270) dialog: Give then tine. Pranklin 1s rummaging about ag much of the van as is doon.- the sanp la on the grouae se Oem shde , SALLY . “What do you need, Franklin.
0) 277) dialog: That Imife won't do you any good,. Pranklin.. Ee likes that lmife, remember. sally climbs out of the cab and starts for the campfire,. then turns to Franklin. "
0) 280) dialog: Aw, he love it.
0) 282) text: Why not? It's good for hin. "garry Oh,, I don’t kmnow..Let's not talk about 1t.. There is-a moment of sllence between Jerry and Sally then Sally looks up to see Pranklin still searching the vam. for his knife..
0) 287) dialog: That guy's Never mind.
0) 290) dialog: I’ guess so. Well...maybe you hetter stay hers. Tike pushing hla erouna., and I don't feel
0) 293) dialog: O.K.. (He stands and stretches) Watch out for snakes. .
0) 297) dialog: Franklin. . . Pranklin- appears at door of the van ,, flashlight in hand
0) 299) dialog: Itm going to walk down to the creek,
0) 331) text: . Jerry moves along the path. He has passed the tent and’ the car and 1s very near the meadow. The sound of the generator is heard. He stops and oallsa.
0) 333) text: 65 79 Cont. dusk..The sun has been below the horizon for some time but yet throws a dusty red light against the purple sky. The moon,, full and deep orange, hangs just above the trees behind the house. A: single room in the rear of the house glows faintly with a pale yellow light. Jerry starts across the meadow toward the house. As he walks another light appears in a second story rooms. Hescrosses‘the meadow and clomps loudly up the steps: fand across the porch and pounds on the screen door frame..The front door is opened: There ta a light burning beyond 4::half opened door at«the end of the hallway. Hello. Ee waits for a moment then.
0) 334) dialog: Aahybody home. There is no response and he pounds nors vigorously on the-door frame. He waits for the sound to fade then calla.
0) 335) dialog: Hey, anybody homs.. There 1s no response. He listens for a sound from within the house and when there is none. after: some time he shrugs and turns away. He has not reached: the steps when he hears a sound from within. It is a low, unintelligible sound and he is almost uncertain he has heard anything. He turns and walks to the door again.
0) 336) dialog: Hetle.. I'm looking for some friends.ie'ii Can you hear-me? There is no response and Jerry waits for a long moment. before turning away asain... A: strange noise breaks the silence; it 4s almost a chortling or repressed laughter. Conte. a >
0) 338) dialog: Eizk? That you? . He pauses. ;
0) 339) dialog: You. guys quit Playing games. We got tO 60. From the house comes a faint tingling like the bells on Pam's bracelet..
0) 340) dialog: Kirk,. Pam. You guys in there? 71. INTERTOR HOUSE Day . | He openas the soreen and steps into the hallway. The light. he had earlier seen comes from behind a half Slosed door at the end of the passages. Thereis no light in the hall and with daylight almost. gone it is nearly black. de can see nothing but a vertical shaft . of light at the end of the nall..The screen door sloses. behind him and he steps further into the passageway...
0) 341) dialog: O.K, You guyseleae: As=the sound of his words die away he hears a bumping and thumping noise coming from the lighted room. JERRY. Alright. Come on outslese! He moves boldly to the door at the end of the passage. The door swings opean easily and he steps into the Tooke.
1) 1) dialog: Kirk,, that you? The room is lit by a single bulb,shaded by a thin, leatnery, translucent material, hanging low aver Conts. A ee ere vor ene err
1) 4) dialog: Hey FOU SUySeeee- Prom the freezer comes a thumping,. clattering sound and Jerry moves quicklz to it. and after some smali difficulty with the ancient latch raises the lid.. Her muscles worming, her jaws clacking mechanically,. and her eyes roving wildly in their sockets,. Par sits bolt. upright in the freezer.Jerry backs away in surprise,. shock and horror and Pam slumps over the edge of the freezer... Fron the darikmess behind Jerry comes a shrill pig like squeal ending in a hysterical whinny.. Jerry whirls and sees a monsterous figure and a grotesquely masked face, a brutal arm talised high and then a heavy sledge hanmer smashes. into nis skull and he drons heavily ta the floor his body jevKing in awfull egony.t Leatherface stands over the body chortling and shriliing, his breath coming in quick wet gasps choked with a hysterical inhuman wheezing. Suddenly the heavy arm flickers, Leather face squeals, and the hammsr arcs out slamming into the slumping Pan. The blow lifts her,. throwing her body into the freezer..One arm dangles iimply from the box. Leatherface slaps the arm into the freezer and slams the lid. Then © his excitement builds-again and he begins to gurgle, chortle and wheeze and finally to squeal and shrili Conte.