0) 1) dialog: (Laughs) You look worse for Treal.. He sits back against the wall; Pam moves with him.
0) 8) dialog: | . You want him to pay you for that’ Ppioture? (Za He issama¢ged and angered.. . } Sally hands the picture to Franklin.
0) 12) dialog: Hey, man, that's enough.. (To Franklin} Give him the damn picture. Cont. 30 Conte Pranklin returns the photo..The growing hostility has: ma him nervous and after returning the photo he begings to f The hitchiker talzes:the photo and stares at for a long moment.e.PAM avoids looking at anyone. Kirk angrily stare at the opposite wall..
0) 24) dialog: I*ve had' enough,, wane. Time for you to soe. Jerry. stop this thinge. The hitchiker sweeps the charred photo into his pouch, st and suddenly his straight razor-is opened'in his hands he makes-a quick slash cutting Frankliracress the back of th hand...Franklin squeals and rears back in his chair... ir swings-at the hitchiker-as the hitchiker lunges for the s door,. Ths van has not yet come to a full stop and Jerry crams the brake te the floor..Kirk 1s thrown nearly into front seat and the hitohixer escapes: through the side do He tears open his wounded’ palm with his teeth anc‘ smear blood on the side of the van and as:he moves kicits-at” the side of the van, the huboaps and the tires and* spews saliva over the side of the van.. Kirk recovers: and leap out of the van brandishing the ski pole...
0) 25) dialog: You Little bastard.’.’.'s!. You better run your ags.. Jerry has stopped the van and leaps out hisdoor.. Theshit breaks into a rum and is quickly a safe distance from the he stops and turns’ to face Kirk and Jerry who have stopr at the rear of the van and blows raspberries at them.: The van pulls onto the highway;;:it sputters, coughs and as it accelerates, INTERIOR DaY:: VAN ON HIGHWAY Jerry drives,. Sally sits opposite hin.. Kirk,, Pam and F are in the rear of the van. Sally leans over the front se and bandages Franklin's wound.
0) 26) dialog: I’m about half ready to call a cope. FRANKLIN. I could get tetnus. fou see how rusty that old razor way..
0) 46) dialog: Find out if that's the tight road. 29 EXTERIOR DAY: SERVICE :sTaTIOn
0) 47) text: The van pulls into a combination cafe and service station Several cars and a Pickup truck are parked in the dirk ya beside. ths weathered, raw wooden buildings..The van stop before the gas pump and Sally and Pam leap out*and trot off toward the restrooms. 30° INTERIOR DAY: VAN AT SERVICE staTIOn Kirk climbs into the front. seat..
0) 50) dialog: (Shakes his head) Strange.
0) 60) dialog: Texaco.
0) 63) dialog: Noe I just thought}... | The old man interrupts Kirk,.{gnores nim and speaks direc , . to Jerry. od
0) 98) dialog: Franklin, you maniac; you're tearing up the van. t Pranklin looks:up startled. .
0) 101) dialog: (shrugs) . I can't tell..
0) 103) dialog: Itm not that stupid.
0) 117) dialog: Yeah, I know.
0) 125) dialog: (Points-to raad) That must be it. Yeah. There's a creek and a swimming hole somewhere a3: “2 imear,the house. We could go swimming... The van turns off the highway onto the intersecting road. Pan . Oh, yeaho.Let's do..
0) 134) dialog: Where's that creek..I think me and Pam are going to go swimming...
0) 136) text: 49 Kirk BL We're golng to go and see if we can find that _ Stimaing hole,.. Want to go? .
0) 138) dialog: What differance does that make? Hs ae PAH . You could weat what you have on,. . want -
0) 142) dialog: | Hey,. Mans... Me and Pem are taking off.
0) 144) dialog: (Looks at bloody smear) . Strange..You think it means something.:
0) 148) dialog: Well,.we'll sse you later, mane i FRANKLIN - | Where are Sally and Jerry? : i KIRK / They're: going to stay here.’.
0) 160) dialog: Well, I think Houston 13 going to look pretty good,’ I wish we hadn't let Pranklin drag us out here.
0) 162) dialog: Hell,.I'm liable to drown, That would be about par for this trip.
0) 166) dialog: - Yeah... They stop. The remains of a camp are some ten yards off the path. Beneath the rotted rag of a ten are the remains of two sleeping bags and the area around the tent is littered with rusted camping gear. They pause only triefly then turn to continue. As Kirk tume he sees at eye level,nailed to a tree through its face: an old pocket watch. :
0) 170) dialog: Yeah,. that was a good old watch. They move on.’ The path narrows as they continue and is more and more oversrown. Cont.
0) 174) dialog: Well,. I hope this. isn’t it.’ _ They look up and' down the oreek bed for some sign of t water,!. There 43 none;; the orsek looks as 1f 1t hae beem dry for some time. ; “PAM: ; It's been a long time since Franklin was here..
0) 180) dialog: Yeah. A-hammted house. Maybe they can tells us where the oreek is.' Kirk starts across the meadov.. Pan / Kirkdestet .
0) 181) dialog: Look at that old tarn,' Cont. pry, pS ee
0) 184) dialog: I'd‘ like to get some of thattold'Lunber.. Pal. Birks. ot
0) 200) dialog: It*s even got the roots, gea,. Ze pushes the tooth into her face-again,
0) 203) dialog: Ifm going to check the barn. He bounds away before Pam can respond.. .
0) 205) dialog: Anybedy home’. Es does not wait for a response and peers through the: goer ent emmend* opens Pan follows lazily amused by Conta. q
0) 207) dialog: Her. Pan.’ (He look toward Pam}?
0) 209) dialog: Come one. §3 INTSQIOR DAY SABN Fam arrives before the open door..The din is terrific. The interior of the barn is packed with automobiles: of’ every sort and age. Far in a dim corner of vhe bam te a huge unmuffled gasoline generator and beside it a: large gasoline storage tank. ;
0) 212) dialog: Can you believe it.
0) 218) dialog: Hello. Anybody home?. . : INT. .DAY HOUSE . At the end of the hall a door opens into a lighted room... The far wall of the room is crowded with stuffed animal heads. The heads cover the wall from floor to. ceiling. There are deer, elk, moose and bear and varicus other game animals and also the heads of domestic aninals @.cOW,a Dig,, a horse-and a goat and a number of heads to saalli to be distinguished at the distance,.Kirk ig delighted;: he pokes his head into the hallway for a bett look. The walls of the passageway are covered in cowhide. He cannot«see. the stuffed heads any better and withdraws,, turns around’ to look for Pam. Pan is ing some 25 yards away.. Kirk calls to ner. wi 60 Ee Bad HOUSE
0) 226) text: Kirk,’ We'd? better go, hon. Again there is no response.. She mounts:the stepse.
0) 228) text: 62 52 conta. The door te the room at the end of the hall 1s now closed. Several doors open onte the hallway. Earlier | all were closed; now one toward the end of the hall om the left is open and through 16 a:dim, grey light | filters into ths hall.. Pam steps into the hallway calling softly for Kirk. ) 63 INTERTOR ROUSE Day |
0) 234) text: We have to go, hon. Kirk? The room is heavily draped;; only a'dim light leaks | through the heavy drapes... She 1g in what must-be a dining room. She can dimly see the dull white glean of a cloth covered dining table surrounded by larse,. grotesquely overstuffed chatrs..Zeyond a massive arch at one end of the dining room is another room. A hard; dusty shaft of sumlight stabs-the room froma elit in heavy drapes..Pam moves cautiously across ' the dining room and stands below the arch lookins into the room, The thin slit of sunlight provides some illumination and her eyes gradually become accustomed to the gloom. She calls tentatively..