1) 57) text: ‘+ ply Conte. yee she claws-her way through the undergrowth. 75 Behind her,. Leatherface,xielding the chain saw, am ia able to makegreater head and the gape. way is rapidly closing
1) 58) text: Suddenly Sally 1s caught in a nettof vines and thomy: brambles and screaning and begging for help she claws desperately at the clinging srowth.. Leatherface-13 almost upon hers The chain like @ thousand oceans,” somes few Toaes: Sally is crawling,, scratching, scrambling beneath. the web of prisioning vines and as the ugly saw bites: ate ry prison she breaks free and upon the 75 Eersavon Heasounrosy © dead run. Weallng and whinnying Leatherface follows with- a-speed which seems to overwhelm the small progress Sally makes..The racket*of the generator joins: the - screaming of the ohain saw. Sally screams,,begs and sobs for help..
1) 63) text: 77 - 79 Cont. chain saw growling..It seems as if Leatherface- enters: the. forrest only Boments after Sally disappears into its darimess. He seems to have gained half the distance Lost im a matter of moments.
1) 66) text: Leatherface stops in the darkness at the edge of the | . forrest opposite the service station. The chain saw ig | suddenly still. Leatnerface is visibly frightened... He ceases hig squealing and begins to pad in animal frenzy from the protection of the dark forbest to the edge of | the light cast by the service staion and back again,, tittering nervously. : Their is no response to Sallys cries and she rungs for a@ lighted outbuilding. Shs pounds on the door pleading for entry but does not walt for an answer andi pushes the door cpen and rushes inside. The old ran-is just inside the door apparently himself on the verge of + opening it when she rushes in, Sally falls back against * the door glanming it shut. , - gp pings OH COOK SH=p NIGHT 3 tries: so “speaks, gags on her word, her treath : “+ '@oming in long shrill gasps. She manages: to wimper..
1) 129) text: You Gette#:dam got them other kids.. - Leatherface retreats to the far end of the butcher room (He has evidently been preparing supper) He'is nervous and shrinking,,. evidently terrified of the old men though he is much larger and stronger. He busias himself fussily and noisilg with his pots and pang as if his service might sooth the old man. The old Man persues him, following close on his hasls as he movessabout the kitchen yslling all the while in his ear. OLD MAN © Where them kids? Leatherface answers with a:rush of sounds, high pitched and timorous. LEATHERFACE. Tha goba igee em a Cont. gt 99 cont.
1) 131) dialog: Tb abe e de yce me abge.
1) 134) dialog: T tha i i lba Le The old man draws tack his hand once again and Leatherfac cTinges before him but seems Teady to reocelve the blow. The old man lowers his hand. OLD HAN. You ddmn fool,, you ruined the door.. The old mans anger has abated and Leatherface seeing his anger has passed begins to chortle happily and turns- te his dinner preparations. . INTERIOR HOUSE DINING ROOM NIGat The hitonikerr returns to the dining reom and opens the door as wide as 1s possible thenagain disappears. Cont..
1) 136) text: - 91 Gants. There ig the sound of something heavy being drug across the floor and suddenly the andient man,. the grandfether, in the heavy rocking chair appears inthe open doorway;; the hitehixer 1s tehind the chair shoveling it through the doorway.. The grandfather still looks dead. de has« not moved and does not respond in any way to anything: about hin.. The moving of his rocker has set*it in motion but the old man rocks:lifelessly with the ohair. Leatherface enters the room from another door, evidently leading to the kitchen. The door is left open and the kitchen cen be seen beyond. He is carrying a dish of ¢old cuts:which he places on the table then turns toward the kitchen,.sees-the hitehixer with the 1. grandfather. He speaks in a kindly and welcoming tone to. the grandfather,, approaches the chair and bends to Kiss him on the forehead thenistraightens to speak to the hitchiker;: he accompanies his garbled sounds with gestures.. .
1) 137) dialog: Aba de ah duo dey;;erik beaka obida tey.. Ela gestures indicat that the grendfather should be placed beside Sally. Hevls smiling: graciously beneath his mask;; filed teeth flash behind the loose lips of the mask. The hitehiker nods vigorously indicating his understanding and manuvers the old man into position close to Sally out facing the opposite: Girection. On the back of the grandfather's chair 1s painted the symbol the hitchiker sorawled on the Tan.
1) 139) dialog: Abe do, aba do. Sally watches -and listens to the proceedings in wide Byéd horror. She has exhausted her energy in struggling futily against her bonds and now no longer struggles but jerks away whenevervone of the »rothers appraoches. She. is frightened now certain that something 1s about to happen. Her chair -1s positioned beside and facing the grandfather and Leatherface 1s fussing over her and. occasionaly strokes her hair. Leatherface speaks to the hitchiker again seeging to give instructions his words accompanied with gestures.
1) 180) text: 95 92 Conte. u ; The old man drops his hand. OLD: MAN . No sense in waiting. .D got to open up soon. I'm thinking about letting old grandpa have some fun. You alwaysstold ne-hets the Leatherface begins fussing and cooing over the grandfathe , The grandfather 1s .as usual lifeless. OLD MAN. Heta the best alright.
1) 196) text: Leatherface has pushed grandpa's chair into position besi Sally and is latoring to place the sledge hammer in grandpa's limp fingers..Grandpa's eyes tegin to flutter from time to time as if the excitement of the moment might have affected him. Leatherface wraps grandpa's fingers individually around. the hammer handle and lifts grendpats shriveled’ arn and lets it fall.. The hammer falls from his fingers. and crashessto the floor missing Sally.
1) 198) dialog: Lio ba fu gapa gil Cont..
1) 200) text: Gat her, get her. Leatherface “as azain wrapped the grandfather's hands- arowd the hammer and lifted his arm;; this: tine he does: not release the arm but tries:to give it. direction assit falls..
1) 207) dialog: Ava; dd hil li ite-giba gita
1) 210) text: Let me havett. Give it to mesDamn.. Leatherface struggles to recover the hammer amidst the confusion of the grandfather's childlike flailing arms and. Sally's violent strugsles.' The nitchiker suddenly releases: Sally and nakes'a grab for the hammer.. Conts. 3 100 exo CUBirsz naw 93 gu 95 In-that instant*Sally is up and running,, squealing in pain,. blinded by the flow of blood and in a state-of shook, She trips in the washtub but such is her frenzy that she is not slowed and hurtles-across the room erashing through the windows in a shower of glasse She doas “not fall beyond the windows and 1g in motion the toment she touches the ground. The hitchiker squeals in rage and surprise and is instantly in perstit; hardly hesitating before leaping through the shattered window. Leatherface:panics and begins to squeal and whinny and’ Tushes for a moment helplessly about the room before Pushing into the kitchen. The old man stands beside the doorway in distress;:he moans and wrings his handss. Prom the kitchen somes‘the gutteral cough and then the savage revving of the chain saw then Leatherfece rushes out the the window on the trail of Sally and the~hitchiker:.
1) 214) text: to2 Cont. Leatherface is-close behind hacking his way out-of the jungle. .The sky now has a tinge of morning red;: Sally Tung out onto the roadway.. :
1) 217) text: The driver of the car sees the wild and bloody figure of Sally rushing toward him the hitohiker in persuit and then Leatherface breaks from the forrest squealing and slashing the air wildly with his chain saw and he accelerates swerving to aiss Sally and roars dowm the highway. .dAloaded' cattle truck 1s close behind the car. .The hitchiker is close upon Sally,.less tham a: dezen yards*behind. Sally darts into the path of the oncoming truck begging the driver to stop..
1) 219) text: The wrench catches-Leatherface full in the face and he is sent sprawling. As-he falls his grip‘on the saw Conts.
1) 221) text: 102 99 Cont.. fs. broken and it Jumps free titing deep into his thigh and skitters crazily about the blacktop... Leatherface squealsand shrills_in pain and Aaysteria.. Pury,, pain and ‘bewilderment drive hin Seserk and he scrambles! efter the chain sar, - 100 NEW ANGLE 4; The driver leaves:tne road and rungs int toa field bordering the highway.
1) 222) text: - Leatherface recevers the saw,. sees Sally and the drive running in nearly opposite directions and squeals in terror, .rege and pain,.arnd flailing the saw wildly ‘Im ths alr and now hobtling and bleeding prefussly,, he chargesafter Selly. - ‘ 102 “ ANGLS A Dattered,. oid piskup a roaches beyond Sally... 103 NEW ANGLE ° prasnP SPP 7 ve Sally waves-Her arms wildly ana pleads-for the driver to stop and again tne horror of the scene serrifies the driver and he seeks to avoid the appreacning ‘ figures... Sally 13 now far beyond the Limits ef human endurance. -Her cries ere no longer hutan sounds. She Imows she cen Ge 00, further and in desperation plants herself Ly an sh o3 he once toe ni arene a e@ path of the ming pickup. The driver swerves and jams on his brakes..The tires’ squesl,. the truck whips,. then spins, hurtling toward Sallsy does not move.. Shs sees the truck floating toward her in slow motion, spinning gracefully in her cloudy vision; tne tirca squsel in an extended roan. Tha tail of the truck swings slowly around and whirls softiy clos She bering a slow dive for the truokked,
1) 227) text: 103 109 Conte — Leatherface tgs-upon the truck. The chaln saw rakes the fencer, He squeals sadly and rushes for Saliy.
1) 229) text: The pickup moves rapidly away. Sally sees-Leatherfacee dwindly in the distance anc sinke to the bed’ of the truck ani huddles there govotng quietlrs. Tie dslver- of the cattle truck ts a@ 1600 yards away across the field.
1) 230) text: Leatherface stands in the center of the highway souealing ‘tn matias rage and whielding the shain sew with savagen idiot fury.- 114 NEW aNGLe : The cpen staring eye of the dead hitchiker,, his- ‘lower jaw nearly ripped from his head by the collision is in the foreground..Seyond tae sitchiker,, Leatherface squeal and slasnes the morning sky with the chain say. The pickup with Sally in the bed is a distant mark agsinst the horizon, The full red sorming stm rests. just 2sove the rin of the earth,. From the cattle trucic comes the Yellowing of frigntencd cathle.. . .