0) 20) dialog: Oh... (Waves-arms. te clear smoke.) Cont...
0) 32) dialog: (COnt. ) . eeepersons around you could make this a disturbing and unptedictable day.. The events in the world are not doing. much,. either,, to cheer one up.!
0) 37) dialog: Uhoh. Capricorn's ruled by Saturn..Let's sees... "here are moments when we cannot believe... _ to Zouston,..
0) 38) dialog: (Cont. ) esethat what is happening 4s really true. Pinch yourself and you may find out that it ise"
0) 47) text: The van pulls into a combination cafe and service station Several cars and a Pickup truck are parked in the dirk ya beside. ths weathered, raw wooden buildings..The van stop before the gas pump and Sally and Pam leap out*and trot off toward the restrooms. 30° INTERIOR DAY: VAN AT SERVICE staTIOn Kirk climbs into the front. seat..
0) 85) text: 31 Conte. oS EXTERIOR-DAY:* SERVICE: STATION. The old man faces:Pam and Sally. ;
0) 95) dialog: Itm going to get*ons too. The old man: wallets: sto the cafe..The girls head’ for t mechine..
0) 105) text: Reaction of Girls seeing Jerry appreach the van;: they hu toward the van. 36 CUT To: / Sally:and Pam loiter near the highway. 37 CUT Tos | Jerry leaves the cafe carrying a greasy brown paper” bag. : 38 «CUT. To: |
0) 118) dialog: ‘It looked a little like he might have tried to- write something.
0) 161) dialog: It's only a couple of hours to Houston. You will feel better efter a strin..
0) 176) dialog: No.. Oh,, yes I do now... ETRE . . Dam! Look at that..
0) 179) dialog: Yeah.. Look: at -those ol4 lightening rods.
0) 186) dialog: Oh,, never mind.’
0) 191) dialog: ZT going to wait here.!. OK? Kirk smiles and goes on.
0) 197) dialog: I don't want to touch it. i , Conts. ro
0) 201) dialog: Bon't.. She pushes his hand away.
0) 202) dialog: We better BO.
0) 204) dialog: _ Kirk. Kirk yells over his shoulder. . gree They might be in there.. pounds on it loudly ant shouts above ee dente one
0) 211) dialog: Wow.
0) 220) dialog: What?
0) 223) dialog: No. We better so.
0) 227) dialog: Kirke. She arrives at the open doorway and ia suddenly timid.. She leans across the threshold and calls:softly.. Conte.
0) 228) text: 62 52 conta. The door te the room at the end of the hall 1s now closed. Several doors open onte the hallway. Earlier | all were closed; now one toward the end of the hall om the left is open and through 16 a:dim, grey light | filters into ths hall.. Pam steps into the hallway calling softly for Kirk. ) 63 INTERTOR ROUSE Day |
0) 233) dialog: Where are-you? Pam enters the open doorway.
0) 234) text: We have to go, hon. Kirk? The room is heavily draped;; only a'dim light leaks | through the heavy drapes... She 1g in what must-be a dining room. She can dimly see the dull white glean of a cloth covered dining table surrounded by larse,. grotesquely overstuffed chatrs..Zeyond a massive arch at one end of the dining room is another room. A hard; dusty shaft of sumlight stabs-the room froma elit in heavy drapes..Pam moves cautiously across ' the dining room and stands below the arch lookins into the room, The thin slit of sunlight provides some illumination and her eyes gradually become accustomed to the gloom. She calls tentatively..
0) 235) dialog: Kirk? The room is ohoking with furniture and accesories at" Pirst only dimly recognizable forms.. As her eyes‘adjust shesees that the furniture is constructed of combinations of bons, meta}, wood and some sort of thin leathery substance. At*first glance she recognizes animal forms, the bones and situlls of cows primarily and in lesser quantities the bones of smaller animals goats; sheep, dogs and cats and others she does not Tecognize, Achill wet horror begins to well up inside - hery;her lips are sudienly dry.. Flanking a massive: Ohair whioh seems to be the central piece in the room are the grotesquely and crudely stuffed cats.. Conte.
0) 236) text: 6% 65 Cont. The work Ls very crude and the form of the cats has been horribly distorted;:: their bodies have an‘ awkward, bloated look, their coats are thin and mansy and their eyes and mouthes have been sew: shut.. Then ~ | she is aware of the chair. It is constructed of human . bones. Its arms are human forearms the hands dangling to touch the stuffed seat. The legs are human legs and the feet the bones of human feet.'.Feside the chair isa tall. floorlamp. The shade, a fluted cylinder made of some translucent leathery substance, 1s suspended from the crook of a human spinal colum;: the spinal . oplum rests on the butts of four complete sets of leg bones including the feet all crudely joined with a@ leathery binding.. At the base of the lamp is a Magazine rack made from a human rigcage.. Scattered piled and heaped in the room are bits and pieces of human bones and skulls. Pam screams in horror, turns and runs from the room.. Jalfway across the dining reom she freezes.s.In the corner beyond the doorway through which she entered Ls a massive totem of human bones and situlls,.a grasping, leering, beconing giant with eight clutching arms and as many heads.. Bits of leathery skin andtufts of human hair adorn the huge many legged coli.:Leathery wings spread over its- many eyeless heads-and ropes of human teeth decorate it. frame.. 66 INT. DAY eh. . Pam screams and'rushes out the door and bolts blindly down the hallway...
0) 238) dialog: Kirk! The main door at the end of the hall slams with a thundering crash and there is a hysterical high pitened,.pig Like squeal. The hugs mesked figure stands squealing before the door. Pam. screams... Before she oan move, almost before she its aware of the closing door and the presence of the leatherfaced figure, he is u hers. He wraps on long powerfull arm arcumd her body clamping ner arms to her sides and lifts her into the air with and* with the other arm he forcess her head back almost to the point of breaking her neck and she can only struggle weakly and gargle raggedly against the brutal force closing her throat. She tries to bite but her jaws clap futily in the air.. She cam see the mask clearly now as. she ig rushed dow the hallway..It 1s a close fitting hood rather than a Cont...