0) 3) text: my face.. - 29° 24 conte. CS Pranklin turns and extends the photograph to Sally | It's kind of dark but you can see |
0) 9) dialog: Tt*s.not really a very good picture of you. KIRK ‘ Not for two dollars anyway.
0) 10) dialog: Pwo dollars?
0) 13) dialog: (Aside to. Jerry) That guy wanted Franklin to pay ‘Bip 2 dollars for that picture.
0) 15) dialog: No. Te wassserious. - The hitchiker places the photo on the floor at. hisfeet.. from the cow ear pouch extracts. a small bundle tightiy weapped in aluminum foil. He unwrapsthe foil and from it pours a mound of silvery ponder on the photo,. rewraps” t foil and places the package hack in his pouoh.s. Re ther moulds: the powder into a cone, looks up to see Kirk watc and smiles,. then strikes a match and applies-it to the p There-is a small fiery explosion of white light and the face of the photograph is seared,. de spits on the linger flames. The damp,. charred powder Sives-off a dense malod smoke. Jerry brakes -hard'and wheels the van to the side of the The passensers are thrown forward in the van and thers ig much confusion, seranbling for fotting,. ete. Kirk picks a-ski pole and points it threateningly at the hitchiker,
0) 17) dialog: What happened?
0) 34) dialog: (To Pranklin)’- : I'thnink that will do you for now... You feel o.k.?
0) 39) dialog: Oh,, you can't tell about thats Does it say anything else? :
0) 40) dialog: T think you'll oe alright, 111 we gets 27. EXTERIOR DaYs: VAN ON. 4IGHwaY The van passes a narrow side road. Ahead perhaps a hundre yards are several weathered buildings::a single gasoline Pump stands before one of the bhutldings.. 28° INTERIOR DAY: VAN ON HIGHWAY
0) 42) dialog: Oh,.I don't kmow. I don't remember,
0) 47) text: The van pulls into a combination cafe and service station Several cars and a Pickup truck are parked in the dirk ya beside. ths weathered, raw wooden buildings..The van stop before the gas pump and Sally and Pam leap out*and trot off toward the restrooms. 30° INTERIOR DAY: VAN AT SERVICE staTIOn Kirk climbs into the front. seat..
0) 85) text: 31 Conte. oS EXTERIOR-DAY:* SERVICE: STATION. The old man faces:Pam and Sally. ;
0) 87) text: Bia. . SALLY © (To Jerry) Gould I get a Dro. Pepper? It's only a quarter..
0) 92) text: ‘ Oh,. 1¢'s terrible, especially in. the van. j OLD: HAN (To Sally?’ (Indicates an ancient vending machine) They's a machine,
0) 105) text: Reaction of Girls seeing Jerry appreach the van;: they hu toward the van. 36 CUT To: / Sally:and Pam loiter near the highway. 37 CUT Tos | Jerry leaves the cafe carrying a greasy brown paper” bag. : 38 «CUT. To: |
0) 111) dialog: Look at that! Palit What? Sally points to the bloody smear on the aide of the van..
0) 122) dialog: Oh,. can IT have some..
0) 126) dialog: (She is working with. sausage.) Oh; I didn't oring a Wathing suit.. Oh Well..+. Let mea see your imife.: Franklin hands Selly the switchblade..
0) 128) dialog: Humecee’ Contes.
0) 137) dialog: We didn’ t*tring anything...
0) 151) text: Oh,,I don't tmow, I guess so.. Sverything Means something. . 49 INTESYOR DAY: STONE ZoUSE Franklin 1s wheeling around the ground floor... Jerry and Sally are-exploring the second story. Their footsteps ean be heard ecoing hollowly through the old’ house..
0) 153) text: Saliy? . . Sally calls down from abore..
0) 154) dialog: What? FRANKLIN. That guy might try to follow us here. There Is a brief stlence. Don't tbe gilly. cur TO: Selly, Jerry and Franklin are exploring the lower floor. Various shots-of the three poking through rooms-of old ho
0) 247) dialog: (Smiling) Think mayse they're doing something ‘ besides ‘swinming..
0) 249) text: Think I*ill take another look at that things. Jexry wags his head’ and grins at Sally...
0) 254) dialog: Don't worry.. We*1ll protest you if he tries*to get you.
0) 258) dialog: (fo Jerry) I'ma little worried. They should have been back by nowe.
0) 269) dialog: I'tm going: to honk again..
0) 273) dialog: 
0) 278) dialog: There's a flashlight in the glove-compartment.. Want me to get it-for you.
0) 282) text: Why not? It's good for hin. "garry Oh,, I don’t kmnow..Let's not talk about 1t.. There is-a moment of sllence between Jerry and Sally then Sally looks up to see Pranklin still searching the vam. for his knife..
0) 283) dialog: You didn't find '1t? Conte
0) 286) dialog: T don't. imow. When did you haveit last?.
0) 289) dialog: Can I go too?
0) 291) dialog: itd rather go with you. Jérry gvimaces not wanting to argue the point..
0) 292) dialog: Alright..(She kisses Jerry) Hurry back.
0) 294) dialog: Very funny.. Get out of here.. (She throws twig at hts retreating figure) : Cont.
0) 305) dialog: No. (Langh) Donttthe stlly.. Cont.. , Ne 62 68° Cont..
0) 314) dialog: Em fuse a little tired. It's been a long Conte.
0) 318) dialog: No,i.It might be Jerry and then, Pranklin switches off the light. ot
0) 322) text: po I don't know, .Da you? } Pranklin dees not answer..Sally has continued’ ta: feed the fire and now it 1s a healthy though small blaze and coasts an erte yellow bottom lighy on their faces.
0) 324) text: Oh,, don’t be silly. There is anotherperiod of silence.. Sally continues- to feed small twigs to the fire..Franklin gives the flashlight an elaborate examination.
1) 5) text: 72 Conte ; and then he rushes about the room in a frenzy Lifting the shades from the. windows and peering out into the growing darimess. **. ‘ EXTERIOR NIGHT:: STONE House Ittis very dark..The full moon has not’ yet risen above the trees to light the campsite.. The tiny campfire is now only glowing coals. The neadlights of the van oame on capturing Pranklin before the van in blinding bone white light. The small beam of the flashlight Franklin carries pricks the darimess of the forrest with its feeble point. There are three long blasts from the horn and then silence.. Franklin moves toward the van.. Sally 1s just. outside the van on the drivers side; the deor ig open and she is leaning into the cab.
1) 7) dialog: I? they*te not back in a minute I think We ought to go look for theme. There 1s a hint of anxiety in her volce.. FRANKLIN. We could build a big fire..
1) 8) dialog: Good tdea. I*ill sather some wood: See 4? you can get the fire going again. Sally moves-off to gather-wood.. Praniclin watches in silence for a moment then moves: taward the campfire.. Cont..
1) 13) dialog: Yes..Where are you?
1) 15) dialog: How's the fire.
1) 19) dialog: I'm not leaving here without Jerry... 73 Cont.. Her face ta showing the strain of her anxiety..It is ' pale andnow seems tired and a bit harsh.. The firelignt | fliskers aver her-features hishlighting her forenead,. Rose and shin-and leaving her eyes pinpoints of light @leamin from dark sockets. | 7
1) 24) dialog: You. still have the flashlight?
1) 28) text: 73 Conte. | CS : SALLY ; po Could I see it for a minute. | Pranklin guesses her intentions and is reluctant and deliberately stupid.
1) 36) dialog: You wait here and keep the fire going.. Saliy turns on the flashlight and begins searching the perimeter of the clearing for the path taken by Kirk, - Pam and Jerry..Pranklin wheels olose.
1) 38) text: Sally.'..'.. I*m going-too.. Sally movesrrapidly away; she does not respons to Prankli Conte.
1) 45) dialog: Let's go. (She turns to go)
1) 47) dialog: There's a light. Look. She points down the path. A light from the house in the meadow can be seen glimmering beyond the trees.
1) 52) dialog: It's a house.
1) 54) dialog: That's O.K. They continue in silence.
1) 58) text: Suddenly Sally 1s caught in a nettof vines and thomy: brambles and screaning and begging for help she claws desperately at the clinging srowth.. Leatherface-13 almost upon hers The chain like @ thousand oceans,” somes few Toaes: Sally is crawling,, scratching, scrambling beneath. the web of prisioning vines and as the ugly saw bites: ate ry prison she breaks free and upon the 75 Eersavon Heasounrosy © dead run. Weallng and whinnying Leatherface follows with- a-speed which seems to overwhelm the small progress Sally makes..The racket*of the generator joins: the - screaming of the ohain saw. Sally screams,,begs and sobs for help..
1) 59) dialog: Helpt Help! Open the door, Please! L : -Her lungs: © scream for relief; her breath comes in raspling. : 7 choking gulps. She reaches the porch and leaps up the stairs,.Leatherfdce hardly a dozen yerds behind.. The front door of the house 1s open though there is a closed screen.. She swings wide the screen and leaps into the hellway and glams the front door behind and begins a frantic struggle to bolt the door before Leatherface can stash 1t open.. She 1s sobbing hysterical her lungs heave, her hands tremble Tiolently andé she is hardly able to direct them.. She manages to Glose the heavy bolt securing the door at almost-the moment Leatherface throws his weight against 1t;; tae: door buckles but holds... Sally steps back kmowing the do ts only a temporary barrter.
1) 61) dialog: Helpt OH, please,. please,, help! The old man does not respond;:he iq like the dead. Sally abandons the ancient man and looks wildly about the room. Scattered rendomly about the room are orudely stuffed and bloated catsand dogs their mouths and eyes sewn shut. Sally gasps in horror, charges into the hallway. and . 78 INTE Rica? HALL 79 Leathetface stands in the open doorway wielding the chain saw and squealing and shrilling like a: mad pigs. Sally turns and run for a flight of stair near the end of the passage. Leather face rushes and is nearly upon her at the base cf the stairs. A wild swipe of the saw grazes: her side as she scrambles up the steps loosing her footing briefly on the worn,, slick wood of the steps.. Leatherface is on top of ner as she reaches the first landing. Amad swipec of the saw rtps through the ‘bannister. On the landing large double windows look ent over the meadowe. Sally turns. She is cornered.. Leatherface raises-the saw for a. final out. Sally screams and plunges through the window in a shower of. glass..
1) 63) text: 77 - 79 Cont. chain saw growling..It seems as if Leatherface- enters: the. forrest only Boments after Sally disappears into its darimess. He seems to have gained half the distance Lost im a matter of moments.
1) 66) text: Leatherface stops in the darkness at the edge of the | . forrest opposite the service station. The chain saw ig | suddenly still. Leatnerface is visibly frightened... He ceases hig squealing and begins to pad in animal frenzy from the protection of the dark forbest to the edge of | the light cast by the service staion and back again,, tittering nervously. : Their is no response to Sallys cries and she rungs for a@ lighted outbuilding. Shs pounds on the door pleading for entry but does not walt for an answer andi pushes the door cpen and rushes inside. The old ran-is just inside the door apparently himself on the verge of + opening it when she rushes in, Sally falls back against * the door glanming it shut. , - gp pings OH COOK SH=p NIGHT 3 tries: so “speaks, gags on her word, her treath : “+ '@oming in long shrill gasps. She manages: to wimper..
1) 67) text: (OD , Help! : Her body begins to tremble violently and she lurches: as if she might collapse... . . SaLLy’ Man’s trying... (She gags) to.tsto i111 me. The old man ig at her. side supporting her. He holds hers volts the door and glances” out the window.
1) 72) dialog: 
1) 76) text: There's nobody there now. Sally has regained her composure somewhat. She ha¢e Rrought her sobbing under control and'now concentrates: her efforts on getting her breath and trying to talk ; between long gasps. She still trembles visibly.
1) 80) dialog: HewJes's (She gasps for breath) He killed Franklin. .I don't,'..(She gags again) ole ekNOWeie'e'o! THe old mans arms are around Sallys shoulders;; he tries to calm her and to still ner trembling. She is on the verge of going into shock and is struggling to maintain control over herself.
1) 81) dialog: Owwwe She begins to sob quietly but violently her body wracked by sobs, abruptly she stops determined’ to control her emotions.. ‘ Cont.
1) 86) dialog: No phones'..? OLD ‘MAN / Wechave to drive over to Childress,! He grasps her by the shoulders and leans olose.
1) 88) text: . The truck pulls up before the cook sheds: there is" , the sound off a:door opening and closing,, thena second opening... The old man enters the cook shed: Recissnervous..de steps forward a pace or two.. Sally turns-and suiles.. The old man is carrying a gunny sack;: his behavior 1s strangely ominouss. Sally senses something 1s amiss and loots more closely at hin..The old‘ man moves forward‘ silently.. Sally atends-apprshensively. Tae oid man pulls a length of heavy rope out of the sane Taeke : '
1) 92) dialog: Whatcde.you want? Her. hands:move over the butcher blosk and come upon the butcher Imife;;her fingers curve around the handle. Cont. .
1) 97) dialog: Nocleos She moves-around the butcher block to the far wall.. The old man approaches cautiously,. nervously..His« breathing is ahallow and rapid.
1) 99) dialog: (Screana) Né,no,,. pleagset She tries to escape but the blows confuse end batter her.. The old man manages to kmock her feet from under her and she falls and the old man quickly powoes’ on her. SALLy Ughe. He plants“his kmees in her back pinning her to the: floor and driving the air from her lungs... He gives Conte.
1) 100) text: 83 Cont.. her a couple of stunning blows to the head with the 83 broom handle.. Sally nearly blacks out;: she 1s dazed,, paralyzed for lack of oxygen..The old: man wastes not a moment.. 3efore she can recover he has bound her hands behind her back, stuffed her mouth with a soiled rag and slipped the gunny sack over her head and shoulders..
1) 106) text: 85 Cont.- Sally cries out against her gage. — OLD MAN
1) 126) text: © f 87 89 Conts. ‘ bound her securely in a large overstuffed chair at the dining table. The table has been set for four persons but Sally has not beerr placed before a table setting. Before one of the settings there is no chair. The: hitchiker removes-the guony sack from Sallys head..
1) 148) dialog: Oh,, please, pleasesseadt Cont.
1) 156) dialog: Please, help me. You can make them stop..
1) 160) dialog: _ Please,, Rou can’t let them kill me.- The old man: does not Look at Sally.
1) 164) dialog: They're crazFsee0. You have to nelpeoen
1) 172) dialog: Oh, please... You can’ tesee The old man locks away from Sally's plea.
1) 173) dialog: {To hitshiker) Why do you want to kill me? I never hurt yxou.. Cont.. Ve 94 92 Cont. The hitchiker giggles flendishly..
1) 174) dialog: (fo hitehiker) Please.....Itill do anything you want. She begins to sob..Leatherface reenters the. room;; he goes to Sally and pats her hand. The hitchiker mocks- her sobe.. The old man begins to titter then suddenly stands, throws his naplin down on the | table and mutters angrily.
1) 178) dialog: Noeeee (She sobs) The old man draws back his hand to cuff the hitchhiker. : OLD Max . You hear me! The -hitchiker ralses ‘his arms-to protect himself? from the blow but ne is bold now.
1) 188) dialog: Oh, please..Deon't do it, please. OLD MAN. {To himself as-much as to. Sally) Best dam Killer they aver was. They say he never took more tian one lick. (He shakes: his head in wonder). The hitchiker returns dragging, with much. clatter, a huge galvanized tin washtub. The tub is stained with aQried blood..A’ small sledge hammer oclangs about in the bottom of the tub as the hitchiker yanks it across the floor. The hitohiker dzags the washtub over to grandpas chair.
1) 191) dialog: 
1) 196) text: Leatherface has pushed grandpa's chair into position besi Sally and is latoring to place the sledge hammer in grandpa's limp fingers..Grandpa's eyes tegin to flutter from time to time as if the excitement of the moment might have affected him. Leatherface wraps grandpa's fingers individually around. the hammer handle and lifts grendpats shriveled’ arn and lets it fall.. The hammer falls from his fingers. and crashessto the floor missing Sally.
1) 199) text: 98 92 cont. Sally is struggling mightily.. She screams though with her neck pinned against the rim of the washtut she only chokes. The hitchiker is tiring and becoming impatient. In the background the old man 1s giggling and hopping nervously from foot to foot, occasionaly stopping, to squeal and squeak and wring his hands and call enoouragement to grandpa,
1) 205) text: 99 92 Cont.. gtrength and direction into the blow and it strikes Sally a:glancing blow to tne head;; blood gushes from the wound.
1) 209) dialog: Oooeatsece!!! The. hitchiker-issexhausted and infurtated.
1) 210) text: Let me havett. Give it to mesDamn.. Leatherface struggles to recover the hammer amidst the confusion of the grandfather's childlike flailing arms and. Sally's violent strugsles.' The nitchiker suddenly releases: Sally and nakes'a grab for the hammer.. Conts. 3 100 exo CUBirsz naw 93 gu 95 In-that instant*Sally is up and running,, squealing in pain,. blinded by the flow of blood and in a state-of shook, She trips in the washtub but such is her frenzy that she is not slowed and hurtles-across the room erashing through the windows in a shower of glasse She doas “not fall beyond the windows and 1g in motion the toment she touches the ground. The hitchiker squeals in rage and surprise and is instantly in perstit; hardly hesitating before leaping through the shattered window. Leatherface:panics and begins to squeal and whinny and’ Tushes for a moment helplessly about the room before Pushing into the kitchen. The old man stands beside the doorway in distress;:he moans and wrings his handss. Prom the kitchen somes‘the gutteral cough and then the savage revving of the chain saw then Leatherfece rushes out the the window on the trail of Sally and the~hitchiker:.
1) 214) text: to2 Cont. Leatherface is-close behind hacking his way out-of the jungle. .The sky now has a tinge of morning red;: Sally Tung out onto the roadway.. :
1) 215) text: The distant headlights, wan in the morning light, of a@ car approach.. Sally mms away from the hitchiker and toward the approaching car;-she taves-her arms wildly and pleads for the car to gstop..
1) 216) dialog: Help! Help! Please stop.
1) 217) text: The driver of the car sees the wild and bloody figure of Sally rushing toward him the hitohiker in persuit and then Leatherface breaks from the forrest squealing and slashing the air wildly with his chain saw and he accelerates swerving to aiss Sally and roars dowm the highway. .dAloaded' cattle truck 1s close behind the car. .The hitchiker is close upon Sally,.less tham a: dezen yards*behind. Sally darts into the path of the oncoming truck begging the driver to stop..
1) 218) dialog: Pheases. Oh, please, please help met The huge cattle truck swings awkwardly to avoid Sally and. the driver finds himself upon the hitchixer and unab to react before the huge bulk of the truck rushes over the soreaming hitchiker..The driver yanks. on his air brakes-bringing the truck to a lurching,. skidding, careening halt in the roadway..The cattle panic and begin to bellow and mill about wildly.. The driver throws open his door to see Sally racing for the truck with leather f squealing and snorting his chain saw flailing the air bearing down on her. The driver jumps aside and throws Sally into the cab and leaps in after her and tries-to turn the engine but Leatnerface is hacking at the glass and steel of the cab with the savage chain saw. The: window glass shatters with a savage thrust of the saw and. the thin steel door is shredded... The driver opens the far door and shoves Sally out and she rushes up the road;: the driver then grabs a big wrench from the floorboard, leaps from the cab and follows Sallys He~ sprints-a half dozen yards then suddenly halts;,, plents: his feet and hurls<«the wrenches.
1) 222) text: - Leatherface recevers the saw,. sees Sally and the drive running in nearly opposite directions and squeals in terror, .rege and pain,.arnd flailing the saw wildly ‘Im ths alr and now hobtling and bleeding prefussly,, he chargesafter Selly. - ‘ 102 “ ANGLS A Dattered,. oid piskup a roaches beyond Sally... 103 NEW ANGLE ° prasnP SPP 7 ve Sally waves-Her arms wildly ana pleads-for the driver to stop and again tne horror of the scene serrifies the driver and he seeks to avoid the appreacning ‘ figures... Sally 13 now far beyond the Limits ef human endurance. -Her cries ere no longer hutan sounds. She Imows she cen Ge 00, further and in desperation plants herself Ly an sh o3 he once toe ni arene a e@ path of the ming pickup. The driver swerves and jams on his brakes..The tires’ squesl,. the truck whips,. then spins, hurtling toward Sallsy does not move.. Shs sees the truck floating toward her in slow motion, spinning gracefully in her cloudy vision; tne tirca squsel in an extended roan. Tha tail of the truck swings slowly around and whirls softiy clos She bering a slow dive for the truokked,
1) 223) text: Tne tail of the truck catches Sally ag she dives and toss her into the air nas the truck comes to a screeching,. sp halt. She is throrm into the truokbed.
1) 229) text: The pickup moves rapidly away. Sally sees-Leatherfacee dwindly in the distance anc sinke to the bed’ of the truck ani huddles there govotng quietlrs. Tie dslver- of the cattle truck ts a@ 1600 yards away across the field.
1) 230) text: Leatherface stands in the center of the highway souealing ‘tn matias rage and whielding the shain sew with savagen idiot fury.- 114 NEW aNGLe : The cpen staring eye of the dead hitchiker,, his- ‘lower jaw nearly ripped from his head by the collision is in the foreground..Seyond tae sitchiker,, Leatherface squeal and slasnes the morning sky with the chain say. The pickup with Sally in the bed is a distant mark agsinst the horizon, The full red sorming stm rests. just 2sove the rin of the earth,. From the cattle trucic comes the Yellowing of frigntencd cathle.. . .