19) 6) text: Don't disappear on me again. Sheryl mouths the words, "I promise."    Crosses her hear He leans in, they kiss again.   Soft and sweet at first. it deepens. Sheryl rubs his chest and removes his shirt. They kiss again. Harder this time. Their hands all over one another Mike slides his hand under Sheryl's panties, between her legs. She moans softly. Sheryl unhooks her bra and is abo to remove it, when: DARRYL (O.S.)
19) 7) text: Hey, Brody, Lonnie. Check this out. DARRYL, 30, a skinny local with a twisted smile and LONNI 20's, a slob, emerge from the forest. They are followed b BRODY, 35, scruffy and unshaven, their ringleader. Brody clutches a shotgun in one hand and a weathered sack in th other. DARRYL
19) 8) text: Looks like we got ourselves a little party. Brody and Darryl ogle Sheryl. She tucks herself behind Mi who shifts quickly into protective mode. She snaps her br back closed. MIKE
19) 11) text: You were moving your way'round more than just that. Sheryl eyes her discarded clothes.   Darryl spots them to He grabs the shorts, SNIFFS them. DARRYL
19) 16) text: No, we're from Virginia, just up for a weekend trip. And, uh... you folks live up here? Brody glances at Darryl and Lonnie, then back at Mike. BRODY
19) 20) text: We'll just be on our way. (Re: Sheryl's shorts) May I have those? A bold move from Mike. DARRYL
19) 22) text: Darryl. Brody concedes, gestures to Darryl to give the shorts bac Darryl reluctantly obliges. Mike passes them to Sheryl who slides them on. Darryl and Lonnie soak in every inch of Sheryl as she does. Mike takes Sheryl's hand. They make a move, but... Brody stops them with the barrel of his shotgun. BRODY
19) 25) text: We just want to get a little further along before the sun sets. Darryl eyes the sky.    The sun beams down through the tr DARRYL
19) 30) text: Excuse me?     The what? DARRYL
19) 33) text: Sure.    Yeah. Brody hands Darryl the shotgun and drops his sack. Brody pulls a mason jar with clear liquid out of the sack. BRODY
19) 34) text: Why don't you try a taste of this? Brody unscrews the cap and offers the jar to Mike. Mike e Sheryl. Clearly she doesn't think it's a good idea. Mike accepts the jar, hesitates, then takes a sip. He squirms, winces, but forces it down. Mike turns red and coughs. Brody and Darryl are loving it. DARRYL
19) 35) text: Betcha never tasted nuthin'like that? Darryl would win that bet. BRODY
19) 37) text: I'll sell you the jar for fifty bucks. DARRYL
19) 42) text: Pleasure doing business with ya.     Take care now. Brody nods at Mike and Sheryl, walks off down the trail. Darryl grins at Sheryl, follows Brody. LONNIE
40) 0) text: Mike follows the VOICES through a thick patch of trees. stops at the top and looks down. POV OF MIKE - Walking along the main path, obscured by th trees, is Darryl and Lonnie. They drink, LAUGH about something. Lonnie carries some fishing poles. Mike's about fifteen feet above them.      He narrows his in on... MIKE'S POV - Darryl twirling something in his hand.     I Sheryl's blue hikers' towel. Mike turns red with fury.    He looks back down... MIKE'S POV - Darryl, a SHOTGUN slung around his shoulder. Mike looks around and spots a large pointed stick lying n a tree, parallel to him.
41) 0) text: Darryl and Lonnie continue along, until... OFF SCREEN: A LOUD CRACK. Darryl stops, turns.    Lonnie looks at Daryl.
41) 2) dialog: Nah.    It's nothing. Suddenly, Mike LEAPS from behind a tree, WHACKS the surpr Darryl across the face with the stick. Darryl drops like sack of potatoes. Mike locks eyes with a terrified Lonnie.
41) 6) text: Where is she? DARRYL
41) 8) text: What did you do to her? DARRYL
41) 11) text: I don't know! Mike CRACKS Darryl across THE JAW with the barrel. MIKE
41) 12) text: You have Sheryl's towel...What the fuck did you do to her?! Darryl's a mess, his nose busted. He gags on blood and teeth. Mike stares at the bloody desight that is Darryl. Even Mike has to turn away for a moment for this. Then... DARRYL
41) 14) text: What? DARRYL
41) 16) text: You found it? That's you're fucking story, you inbred fuck?! (Points gun at Darryl's head) Stop fucking lying or I will kill you!
41) 18) text: Don' kill me...Please...I foun' it... Up...Up the paf back `dere...just a bit ago... fuckin'swear! Mike's finger itches the trigger. He's turning red. Breathing hard, heavy. Then... Mike relents. Lowers the weapon, turns his back to Darryl, stares into the woods. The tension fades for the moment.   But only a moment. DARRYL
41) 19) text: Didn't think you had dat in you, city boy. (Looks at his shirt; the blood) Shit... I just got dis shirt. Darryl, while Mike is distracted, seizes his opportunity, reaches behind... ANGLE ON - Darryl slides a POCKET KNIFE from his back poc DARRYL
41) 21) text: Shut the fuck up. ANGLE ON - Still concealed from Mike, Darryl opens the po knife, the BLADE fully extended. DARRYL
41) 22) text: You best hope you find her'fore I do. `cause I will enjoy tearing her ass apart. (Mike turns, faces Darryl) And when I'm done there, I will cut her eyeballs out and skull fuck her. (Mike simmers to a boil) Any luck, Brody's already beat me to it. MIKE
41) 23) text: Sonofabitch! Mike takes a step towards Darryl, when... Darryl LUNGES O AT MIKE, POCKET KNIFE IN HAND. Darryl misses with his initial swipe, but it's enough to knock Mike down, the shotgun falls to the side.
45) 42) text: He busted Darryl's face in with a shotgun. Left him a mess of blood and teeth. Nearly killed him. (Beat) You spot anyone you don't know, you be sure to find me. IDA