1) 0) text: CLOSE ON - A YOUNG WOMAN'S EYE. Bloodshot blue. Her eyelashes tremble. A tear rolls out. She blinks. CLOSE ON - A filthy, coarse rope secures a dirty rag insi her mouth. CLOSE ON - The same type rope binds her ankles together. CLOSE ON HER HANDS - A mixture of blood, dirt.   IRON SPI ARE NAILED THROUGH HER PALMS. FROM ABOVE - The Young Woman, 20s, wearing a handmade dre with a small crest embroidered over the heart, lies naile a wooden table.
12) 0) text: Maps and local artifacts adorn the walls. A display of so of the local animals, stuffed of course, including a gian bear, fill in the gaps. Mike and Sheryl enter. They take in the place. Mike heads toward the Ranger's desk while Sheryl eyes the decor. SAM, 65, a round-faced RANGER with a grumpy disposition, hearing aid in his right ear, sits behind a desk. He continues working, scribbling on something as Sheryl and wait. And wait. Then...
12) 2) dialog: Now what can I do you two for? Sheryl spots some fliers tacked to a bulletin board. Hiki gear for sale, Tour Info, National Park History, etc.
12) 4) dialog: First time here and you're not quite sure where to begin. Sheryl grabs a National Park Information flier. ANGLE ON - There are pictures, an Emergency Contact Information, Guided Tour Info, etc.
12) 5) dialog: Something like that.
12) 7) dialog: Get you started with one of these. Sam grabs a map and lays it out in front of the couple.
12) 8) dialog: How long you folks hiking for?
12) 10) dialog: Well, if you move at a decent clip, you could hit the summit by midday tomorrow. Should still give you time to take it all in and make it down.
12) 12) dialog: You folks experienced hikers?
12) 15) dialog: For first-timers, I recommend either Willow Creek Bridge or Donner Trail.
12) 17) dialog: I'm not sure of the name's origin. They're the two paths we regularly patrol. Something happens and you're on one of the other trails, it might be awhile before we find you.
12) 20) dialog: Unless it says not to, you can set up where you like. Just make sure when you turn in that you extinguish your fire. Oh, and this here's bear country. They're not animals to fool with. You see one, you head the other way, especially if he's feeding. If the bear thinks you're getting in the way of his food, that's all she wrote. Sheryl warily eyes the stuffed Bear in the station.
12) 22) dialog: You got yourself a first aid kit?
12) 25) dialog: Good for you. The question was, do you have a first aid kit?
12) 27) dialog: Great, see how easy that was. (Moving on) It's off-season, park's pretty quiet. Even more than usual. You may run into a few locals, but--
12) 29) dialog: We have a few generations of families that have called these mountains home. Most of `em are friendly. Respect their land and they'll respect you.
12) 32) dialog: (Moving on)
17) 9) text: ...Willow Creek Bridge. I think Sam only knows those two trails. Well. Between those, I'd pick Donner Trail. Willow Creek will shoot you to the top, but there's not as much to see. Donner weaves through Peddler's Point, it's a better hike and prettier all around view. SHERYL
17) 13) text: Not your traditional wedding ring, but it's all the same in the Lord's eyes. How long have you two been wed? Sheryl and Mike trade looks. SHERYL
19) 47) text: Same reason you brought your cellphone. Better to have it and not need it. To protect us. SHERYL
28) 0) text: Mike, now fully dressed, pours a bucket of water over the campfire. In the background, bags hang from a tree (just Ranger Sam asked them to do.)
38) 0) text: Mike emerges from the woods, drops into a clearing. around wildly... POV OF MIKE - Has he been here before? It all looks the same? Not even sure which direction he just came from.
45) 6) text: Lucky the snap didn't break the bone, just bruised it. I know that's of little comfort now, but trust me, it's a good thing. That dirty trap however's prime for spreading infection, need to finish cleaning out that wound and then I'll get some "evening primrose" in you. Same stuff the Indian Tribes used it back in the day to heal, well... just about everything. So's do I. Ida unwraps the tourniquet, examines the wound. IDA
74) 0) text: Mike, without his shirt, hangs by his wrists from iron shackles secured to the ceiling. (He's hooked up the same way the Young Man was in the opening scene of the story.) Deacon secures the last of the restraints.     Clyde ente walks straight up to Mike...
88) 0) text: SAM, the Ranger that greeted Mike and Sheryl, enters sipp a cup of coffee. EVELYN, 20s, a perky and adorable Ranger works at the desk.
88) 2) dialog: Ain't no better than any of the other days, Evelyn, so bring the "glee" down some, would ya?
88) 5) dialog: Friday? Well...There was one couple, but they didn't say where they were from.
88) 7) dialog: She sure this was the park they were coming to?
88) 9) dialog: Damn it. Have her fax some photos up here. Notify patrol.
88) 11) dialog: (Concerned)
89) 3) text: We do appreciate your honesty, Michael. And believe me, we understand your extreme situation, but... Punishment's going to have to be handed down. Suddenly, Clyde's walkie-talkie goes off. SAM (V.O.)
89) 4) text: Clyde, it's Sam at base, come back. CLYDE
89) 6) text: (To Deacon and Ida) Restrain him. Deacon holds Mike, while Ida grabs the gag. SAM (V.O.)
89) 8) text: I told you. I told they'd be coming. Ida shoves the gag into his mouth, ties it secure. SAM (V.O.)
89) 9) text: When you get a chance, grab some and let's start circulating, huh? Clyde throws a concerned look to Ida. SAM (V.O.)