2) 0) text: This smoky, mephistophilian club is being rocked tonight gothic rock band, PLASMA. Fronting the band is ANTHONY. He plays the bass and sings clearly enjoys being the center of attention. Reed's voice over continues...
4) 0) text: TOBIN, the drummer, is sitting next to SETH on a couch. T look up as... ANTHONY enters and walks over to a table where a tiny igl cooler sits. He picks up a plastic baggie filled with a d red, viscous liquid, and pours some into his mug via a tu sticking from the bag.
4) 2) dialog: It was good. For a last  performance. Seth stops for a second, then continues.
4) 4) dialog: We're getting too big, Seth.
4) 6) dialog: Which is why we have to  fade out. Anthony heads over to a small microwave and puts his mug
4) 8) dialog: You're my problem right now! If you want to run the risk of  being discovered, do it with  another band. Tobin stops drinking, says nothing. Seth glares at Tobin.
4) 12) dialog: See it this way, now you can pursue other avenues, do what ever you want
4) 14) dialog: The discussion is over. Anthony sips from his mug as the door opens. REED escorts SANDY, a gorgeous blonde, and VANESSA in.
4) 17) dialog: Thank you.
4) 29) dialog: I was wondering if you'd like to come back to the house with me. There's only so much of this I can take, you know? Sandy nods in lusty agreement Anthony smiles. He stands and extends his hand out to San Sandy looks over at Vanessa and Seth.
4) 32) text: Seth gurgles a goodbye. Anthony and Melissa leave.
5) 0) text: ANTHONY stands out on his balcony, overlooking a brightly swimming pool. He watches SANDY swim around down below, n She turns over on her back and sees him.
8) 0) text: Anthony slowly crosses to the pool and slips in. He goes to Sandy. They begin kissing, undulating together, the water becomi perfect medium for their lovemaking. We see only their heads above the surface of the water. Sandy starts to clasp Anthony's head in her hands, her pa becoming more frenzied. He kisses her, moves to her ear, kisses, moves down to he Sandy is in total heaven, her head lolls to one side. Anthony moves his head back just a touch, opens his mouth long enough for us to see the glimmer of his FANGS! As he bites into Sandy's neck, she shrieks and futilely t to push him away. In a moment, she is gone. As Sandy's body goes limp, we see a growing cloud of scar BLOOD as it seeps out into the pool.
10) 0) text: ANTHONY sits in his living room, smoking a cigarette on t couch. He's watching the television.  Anthony looks up as he hears a KEY in the front door lock He continues to watch. After a beat, there's a KNOCK on t Anthony rises and heads toward the front door. He walks to the door and yanks it open, revealing REED, c with his head by the door knob. Reed is tethered to the d string around his neck.
10) 1) dialog: What took you so long?
10) 3) dialog: Hurry up.
10) 5) dialog: Reed. Reed stops.
10) 6) dialog: She's in the pool. Reed turns and looks out the window, where he sees the li body of SANDY floating face down.
11) 0) text: ANTHONY looks at the album. In the background, Reed leans out over the pool and tries times to hook the corpse, to no avail. Finally, he balances himself precariously on one foot and his arms out. Just as the hook encircles the body, Reed l balance and goes flailing into the pool. Anthony doesn't even notice. Reed climbs out of the pool and trudges to the window. Anthony is totally absorbed in the photograph. Reed raps on the window. Anthony looks over, sees the soaking wet figure, then sha head. Anthony closes the album and returns his attention television. Reed, discouraged, goes back toward the pool.
12) 0) text: REED, still damp, comes into the house, carrying the body SANDY over his shoulder. She is wrapped in a large towel. ANTHONY looks up from the couch.
12) 1) dialog: Finished?
12) 3) dialog: See you tomorrow. Reed watches TV over Anthony's shoulder. Then, he takes a SHIP IN A BOTTLE from under his arm and quietly puts it o living room table. Anthony looks up at Reed.
12) 4) dialog: Goodnight, Reed.
24) 0) text: REED sits outside Anthony's house in his truck, humming a with the radio. He checks his watch. He reaches into his glove box and pulls out a roll of bre mints. He pops one in his mouth and gets out of the car. Reed starts up the driveway toward Anthony's house.
25) 0) text: REED comes in through the front door. Stooping down he pu key out of the lock, and heads toward Anthony's bedroom. voice over continues...