19) 0) text: REED walks through the hallway. He stops at a door that r "MORGUE". Reed starts to open the door as someone yells from down t it's DR. PEZ-HUOY.
19) 1) dialog: Buckles! Reed looks up. Pez-Huoy comes over.
19) 2) dialog: Where in god's name have you been?  I've got a patient waiting who  needs his temperature taken, right away.
19) 4) dialog: You'll be there now, Nurse Buckles.
19) 6) dialog: Leave it, someone will pick it up.
19) 8) dialog: Leave it! Reed hangs his head, he backs away from the door and star heading down the hall.
19) 10) dialog: Oh, Nurse Buckles? Use a rectal  thermometer. Reed curses under his breath as he continues down the hal
21) 0) text: TAMMY, a nine year old is SCREAMING in horror. The reason for her distress is DR. PEZ-HUOY, who is holdi nasty looking syringe.
21) 1) dialog: Now, now. There, there. This  will only hurt for a moment.  We don't want to get any viruses,  do we? REED stands nearby, watching.
21) 2) dialog: Nurse Buckles, would you restrain  her please? Reed looks over and starts toward Tammy, who begins cryin screaming even more. Reed walks over and grabs Tammy and slams her down on the Tammy wails. Pez-Huoy looks over, reacts angrily.
21) 3) dialog: Nurse Buckles! Reed hastily takes his grip off Tammy.  Tammy and Reed both look at eachother, confused. Then, Re moment of inspiration. Reed leans in to Tammy.
21) 7) dialog: Now, that wasn't so bad, was it? Tammy looks over and sees that Pez-Huoy is dabbing her ar gauze pad. She looks back at Reed. Reed winks. Tammy grins and looks back down at the finger
21) 8) dialog: Okay, Tamara. We're all finished.  Go on out and meet your mom. Tammy jumps off the table and runs out the door. Pez-Huoy goes over to his clipboard and writes as he talk
21) 9) dialog: That was well done, Nurse Buckles.
21) 11) dialog: Yes. Well, you handled that like  a professional. I'm very pleased. Reed smiles.
21) 12) dialog: Be that as it may, you are still  unreliable. And I mean this; if you  are late once more, I will be forced  to replace you. Are we clear? Reed nods his head.
21) 13) dialog: Good. Then I'll see you tomorrow.  Eight A.M.