0) 0) text: Total darkness surrounds us, except for a streak of pale moonlight coming through a window, illumating a DOOR. We hear a KNOCK, then the jingle of KEYS. After a moment, the door opens and a large, heavyset MAN into the house.  He walks casually through the foyer to a staircase and be climb the stairs. His name is REED. As he climbs the stairs, we hear him in over...
0) 1) dialog: They don't advertise for vampire henchman in the newspaper. That's in the special magazines... and  then you don't believe the ads. That was my profession. Ex-roadie. Ex-nurse. Ex-henchman. Sushi, that's what I always called 'em cause he liked to leave 'em in the water like a cold fish...
1) 0) text: Still dark, the bathroom is lit only by the moon. We can the body of a LIFELESS GIRL, totally naked, in the shower After a beat, the heavyset man enters. Reed laughs self consciously as he turns the shower off. reaches down and picks up the dead girl by her armpits. A lifts her and spins her around... BAM! She smashes right the glass door of the shower!
2) 0) text: This smoky, mephistophilian club is being rocked tonight gothic rock band, PLASMA. Fronting the band is ANTHONY. He plays the bass and sings clearly enjoys being the center of attention. Reed's voice over continues...
2) 1) dialog: Pretty cool, huh? Yeah, I know. This! This was the night. See, there's Anthony. You can't really see him, but man is he singing! Behind Anthony is SETH, the guitar player.
2) 2) dialog: See, now there's Seth. Seth... well, he was always kind of a jerk to me really... As the band plays, we see one particularly good looking c goer as she elbows her way to the front of the stage. She VANESSA.
2) 3) dialog: Oh! That... that is Miss Helsing! I remember her. I remember her because that was the night, well, Anthony broke up the band, can you believe it? Yeah. She'd been coming to the shows for a couple of months. I knew Anthony wouldn't like her, cause you know, he likes blondes, but I thought maybe for Seth. I thought Seth might like her...
3) 0) text: REED stands backstage, watching the band as they play. He completely out of rhythm with the song. Several CONCERT GOERS watch his antics in amazement.
3) 1) dialog: With the benefit of hindsight, maybe it wasn't such a hot idea.
4) 23) dialog: Uh. Um, I'm gonna go now.
4) 25) dialog: Uh. Yeah. I gotta be at work  early tomorrow and everything. Sandy reaches out to shake Reed's hand.
4) 27) dialog: Oh... I'll see you again. Anthony turns to Reed, flashes him a look. Reed knows he' wrong and blanches.
4) 28) dialog: Uh. Yeah. Bye. Bye Seth. Seth is absorbed with his grovelling and doesn't say anyt
7) 0) text: REED sitting alone in the cabin of a small, one bedroom sailboat. He hums a nondescript song to himself.
9) 0) text: REED sits alone in the boat, a sparsely decorated place. doing some light cleaning as his PAGER goes off. Reed rises, picks his pager off his belt and looks at it. He moves to the door, takes his trenchcoat up along the w exits.
10) 0) text: ANTHONY sits in his living room, smoking a cigarette on t couch. He's watching the television.  Anthony looks up as he hears a KEY in the front door lock He continues to watch. After a beat, there's a KNOCK on t Anthony rises and heads toward the front door. He walks to the door and yanks it open, revealing REED, c with his head by the door knob. Reed is tethered to the d string around his neck.
10) 2) dialog: My key. Got stuck. Indeedoor. Anthony moves Reed aside and pulls the key from door. Reed stands up and laughs nervously. He takes the key, wh wears like a pendant, and tucks it back into his shirt. Anthony walks back toward the living room. Reed follows h Anthony looks at Reed impatiently.
10) 4) dialog: Okay. Reed leaves and heads toward the BEDROOM.
10) 7) dialog: Oh. Reed heads for the front door. As Anthony continues to watch, we see Reed make his way p side. He looks at the body for a long time, wondering how to ge Then, he looks over and sees a POOL HOOK. He walks over a the tool, then returns to the pool. Anthony stands, glances out at the pool, then retrieves a PHOTO ALBUM from the hearth. He sits down and starts to l through it.
11) 0) text: ANTHONY looks at the album. In the background, Reed leans out over the pool and tries times to hook the corpse, to no avail. Finally, he balances himself precariously on one foot and his arms out. Just as the hook encircles the body, Reed l balance and goes flailing into the pool. Anthony doesn't even notice. Reed climbs out of the pool and trudges to the window. Anthony is totally absorbed in the photograph. Reed raps on the window. Anthony looks over, sees the soaking wet figure, then sha head. Anthony closes the album and returns his attention television. Reed, discouraged, goes back toward the pool.
12) 0) text: REED, still damp, comes into the house, carrying the body SANDY over his shoulder. She is wrapped in a large towel. ANTHONY looks up from the couch.
12) 2) dialog: Yeah. Anthony looks back at the TV.
12) 5) dialog: Um. Okay. G'night. Reed moves to the door and leaves. Anthony turns off the starts toward his bedroom. He stops as he notices the shi He calmly picks it up and walks to a nearby closet. He pu nicknack in the closet and resumes his path to the bedroo
13) 0) text: REED enters with the body of SANDY. He goes to his bed an throws the limp form down. He walks over to the kitchen and gets a small BOWL, fills water, and returns to the bed. Reed uncovers Sandy. He takes a moment, looks at her pale naked body. He takes a corner of the sheet and dips it in the water, uses the damp piece of cloth to sponge the blood from her humming to himself. Reed gets up and goes to a closet. He rifles through it, A CAMERA, mounted on a tripod. He goes back to the bedside and sets the camera up, point at Sandy. Reed flips her over and positions her on the bed. He disa Moments pass. Reed returns, dressed in a pair of TIGER STRIPED briefs. He takes a position next to Sandy on the bed. He wraps he around him and leans into her. He kisses her neck as we s WHITE FLASH.
14) 0) text: We see a series of shots of REED and SANDY, all in BLACK WHITE, each one ending with the bright FLASH of the camer Reed tries various poses with her, ending with a shot of sitting next to her, fairly relaxed. Again we see a bright white FLASH go off.
15) 0) text: REED is asleep on his bed, there is no sign of Sandy. Ree bolts upright as his ALARM goes off. He looks over at the clock, it reads 4:00 A.M.
16) 0) text: REED opens a camera case and pulls out a VIDEO CAMERA. He on the power and walks to the bow. He points the camera at the rising sun and starts to film
16) 1) dialog: This is Tuesday. Sunrise at five  twenty-nine. Reed tries to keep a steady hand as he films.
17) 0) text: REED is frantically making his way around the boat, clean He spit shines the tiny brass impliments, swabs the deck. When he's finished he returns the camera case to the inte the boat and steps onto the dock, carrying his completed He checks his watch, then hurriedly jogs back toward the lot.
18) 0) text: REED pulls up in the parking lot of a hospital in a beat up TRUCK. He's dressed in Hospital whites. He hops out of the truck, walks around to the back and pu a bulky ORANGE trashbag that reads, "BIOLOGICAL WASTE". H the bag over his shoulder and rushes toward the hospital.
19) 0) text: REED walks through the hallway. He stops at a door that r "MORGUE". Reed starts to open the door as someone yells from down t it's DR. PEZ-HUOY.
19) 3) dialog: Okay, I'll be there in a sec.
19) 5) dialog: I just gotta take care of this..
19) 7) dialog: No, no..no..no..
19) 9) dialog: (under his breath) Stupid jerk. Pez-Huoy looks up.
21) 4) dialog: Tammy, right? Tammy nods. Reed pulls a small FINGER PUPPET from his pocket. It's a monster. He wiggles it around.
21) 5) dialog: This is Ogo-Pogo. He helps me,  to be brave. Tammy looks. She stops crying for a second.
21) 6) dialog: You hold him. Tammy reaches out as Reed takes the finger puppet off his and hands it to Tammy. Tammy wiggles it around. She smiles.
21) 10) dialog: I hate shots.
21) 14) dialog: Okay, Doc. Pez-Huoy exits the office.
22) 0) text: A nervous young lab worker, BETH, is looking through a  microscope. REED comes over and stands behind her.
22) 1) dialog: Hi, Beth. Beth jumps in surprise.
22) 3) dialog: Nothing. Just getting ready  to go home. Thought I'd stop by  and say hi, see what's new.
22) 6) dialog: Yeah?
22) 8) dialog: Who?
22) 10) dialog: Yes. Of course. Beth leans into Reed and whispers in his ear. Reed reacts in shock.
22) 11) dialog: No! Beth nods. Reed looks crestfallen.
24) 0) text: REED sits outside Anthony's house in his truck, humming a with the radio. He checks his watch. He reaches into his glove box and pulls out a roll of bre mints. He pops one in his mouth and gets out of the car. Reed starts up the driveway toward Anthony's house.
25) 0) text: REED comes in through the front door. Stooping down he pu key out of the lock, and heads toward Anthony's bedroom. voice over continues...
25) 1) dialog: See, now this is the perfect opportunity for me to explain about some of the things that I did for Anthony that weren't in my job description; like interior design was my main  attempt to create a feng shui in his place... On his way, he glances at the living room table.
25) 2) dialog: He was a sailor, he loved the sea, he loved ships and I love them.. he made me love them and he got this thing which is hand blown and he won't put it out and it's beautiful... He turns and heads to the closet, opens it, and retrieves SHIP IN A BOTTLE. He walks across the room and gently sets it down on the t
25) 3) dialog: And I still don't know what hand blown means. Satisfied, he turns to Anthony's bedroom. Back to Top Main Page