4) 16) dialog: You guys are so great. I mean it.
4) 18) dialog: I mean, your songs. They're  so deep. I'm not sure I totally  understand all of them, but you  can just tell. You know? Vanessa walks over and lovingly touches Seth's guitar. He follows her hungrily.
4) 24) dialog: You're leaving?
4) 26) dialog: Well, it was nice meeting you.
4) 30) dialog: It was nice meeting you both. Vanessa looks over, Seth continues to nuzzle her.
5) 0) text: ANTHONY stands out on his balcony, overlooking a brightly swimming pool. He watches SANDY swim around down below, n She turns over on her back and sees him.
5) 1) dialog: Aren't you gonna come in?
8) 0) text: Anthony slowly crosses to the pool and slips in. He goes to Sandy. They begin kissing, undulating together, the water becomi perfect medium for their lovemaking. We see only their heads above the surface of the water. Sandy starts to clasp Anthony's head in her hands, her pa becoming more frenzied. He kisses her, moves to her ear, kisses, moves down to he Sandy is in total heaven, her head lolls to one side. Anthony moves his head back just a touch, opens his mouth long enough for us to see the glimmer of his FANGS! As he bites into Sandy's neck, she shrieks and futilely t to push him away. In a moment, she is gone. As Sandy's body goes limp, we see a growing cloud of scar BLOOD as it seeps out into the pool.
12) 0) text: REED, still damp, comes into the house, carrying the body SANDY over his shoulder. She is wrapped in a large towel. ANTHONY looks up from the couch.
13) 0) text: REED enters with the body of SANDY. He goes to his bed an throws the limp form down. He walks over to the kitchen and gets a small BOWL, fills water, and returns to the bed. Reed uncovers Sandy. He takes a moment, looks at her pale naked body. He takes a corner of the sheet and dips it in the water, uses the damp piece of cloth to sponge the blood from her humming to himself. Reed gets up and goes to a closet. He rifles through it, A CAMERA, mounted on a tripod. He goes back to the bedside and sets the camera up, point at Sandy. Reed flips her over and positions her on the bed. He disa Moments pass. Reed returns, dressed in a pair of TIGER STRIPED briefs. He takes a position next to Sandy on the bed. He wraps he around him and leans into her. He kisses her neck as we s WHITE FLASH.
14) 0) text: We see a series of shots of REED and SANDY, all in BLACK WHITE, each one ending with the bright FLASH of the camer Reed tries various poses with her, ending with a shot of sitting next to her, fairly relaxed. Again we see a bright white FLASH go off.
15) 0) text: REED is asleep on his bed, there is no sign of Sandy. Ree bolts upright as his ALARM goes off. He looks over at the clock, it reads 4:00 A.M.