4) 19) dialog: Why are you called Plasma?
4) 21) dialog: Is that some sort of sick pun? Seth moves in close, grabs Vanessa and pushes her up agai wall.
4) 31) dialog: Bye, Sandy.
4) 34) dialog: Where do you think they're  going?
4) 36) dialog: Wow. I bet he's got a great  place. Where does he live?
4) 38) dialog: Why don't we go with them?
4) 40) dialog: Well, to tell you the truth Seth, I was hoping to end up  with Anthony tonight. Seth looks at her. He's a little pissed.
4) 42) dialog: Take it easy, Seth.
4) 44) dialog: Don't bet on it. Vanessa reaches behind her and pulls out a small CANISTER Seth scowls, then bursts into laughter.
4) 46) dialog: Maybe. Vanessa fires the mace canister, it hits Seth in the face Seth laughs and bares a frightening set of FANGS!
4) 48) dialog: Yeah. And what would that be? Vanessa walks across the room to where she left her bag.
4) 49) dialog: You're a vampire? Do tell. Vanessa taps the canister.
4) 50) dialog: Holy water. Seth tries to get up off the floor. He writhes in agony.
4) 51) dialog: See, I was hoping to take  out Anthony tonight, but I  guess you'll do.
4) 53) dialog: What do you say, Seth? Why don't  you save me a little footwork  and tell me where Anthony lives.
4) 55) dialog: Have it your way. Vanessa kicks Seth onto his back. He lurches up and grabs her foot, BITING into her calf! Vanessa screams and sprays him again. He screams and roll
4) 57) dialog: Thanks, I think I'll pass.  Why don't you go on without me.  And when you see your buddies  down there, do me a favor. Seth looks up to see Vanessa with a STAKE and a HAMMER.
4) 58) dialog: Tell them Vanessa sent you! With that, Vanessa drives the stake into Seth's chest.
20) 0) text: VANESSA enters her apartment, tastefully decorated, simpl She opens a Guatemalan backpack and pulls out a small lea SATCHEL. Opening the satchel, she pulls out two WHITE FANGS. She r them around in her hand. As she moves through the apartment, she throws her purse the futon. Vanessa carries the fangs over to a CLOSET. She pulls the open. Inside are the various weapons of a vampire hunter, STAKE CROSSES, GARLIC, HAMMERS. She finds a small wooden BOX. The box is old. On the lid is an inscription; "To Vanessa Father". Vanessa opens the box. Inside are several other FANGS. Sh the new set into the box and closes it.
23) 0) text: VANESSA is sitting on her futon, sharpening a STAKE. She knife aside and shoves the stake into her backpack, along hammer. She gets up and walks to a different closet, passing a ni stand on the way. On the night stand we see a PHOTOGRAPH, depicting an elderly man, a stake in one hand, his seven daughter on his knee. Vanessa pauses, looks at the photograph. She absently rub fingers over the celtic cross around her neck. She opens the closet and starts fingering through the clo inside. She pulls out her dress for the evening, a real show stop kind of number and takes off toward the bathroom.