3) 26) dialog: Where'd you meet this guy?
4) 0) text: BOBBY SAINT and ‘NICKY DUKA walk from their parked BMWs t moored Russian cargo ship. Nicky carries a briefcase.
4) 10) dialog: “Yo. CASTLE/TATUM SHAW . Yo? Yo? Did they teach Mr. oe undercover cop to say Yo at the Police Academy? Bad vibe. Bye bye. And Castle turns around.
4) 17) text: Tatum comes to an “not” from Bobby's face, and looks him the eye. This is laser viSion. Bobby holds his own. Nicky takes a chance and whistles’ “for someone. A U.S. Customs Agent exits the Customs Offite and approaches. © :
4) 40) dialog: Nicky, what the fuck ig Astrov’s men draw assault rifles from beneath their leath trench coats. FBI and Tampa P.D. vehicles come from everywhere, a full court press with’ now way out. They’re surrounded by 10 FBI AGENTS in body axniory fand behind t perimeter of TAMPA PD OFFICERS. ©
4) 47) dialog: This is bad. This is really bad. 25 February 2003 (CONTINUED)
4) 53) dialog: My. father is going to kill me. As an FBI Agent. moves to cuff the Americans. TATUM ; Fuck it, Nicky, fuck you to hell!
4) 58) text: BOBBY SAINT, caught in the crossfire, sping: and falls, h chest shot through.
4) 60) dialog: 
4) 61) text: Astrov and the Russians, outgunned, drop their sweapons a throw up their hands. The FBI Agents move in and restrain them. An FBI Agent cuffs Nicky Duka. ge An EMS TRUCK screams across the pier. EMTs hurry to the wounded men. Bobby Saint and the Russians are beyond hope
5) 21) text: Agent Weeks reenters, walks back to by Saint’s corpse. The Agent is going through Bobby Saint’s waillet. EM? 1 (FBI AGENT) “Xconr’D) -Here's his ID. ee Weeks looks at the ID. WEEKS yg (stunned) a This is Bobby Saint.
9) 0) text: Howard Saint and son John are escorted into the morgue by Tampa police. Weeks nods to the County CORONER, who unshe Bobby Saint’s corpse. Howard Saint’s voice is a choked whisper.
12) 0) text: Livia Saint sits before the fireplace with a PHOTO SCRAPB of Bobby. She tears the photos from the book and stacks t on the fire. They ignite. Howard Saint appears behind her Together they watch the photos burn. Livia’s eyes, burn m fiercely than the fire. ae
55) 25) text: Bobby. told me how it works, and if hissfather knew that I know, he would.iave’ killed Bobby himself.