4) 50) dialog: 
4) 57) text: A Russian bodyguard loses his composure and fires a burst The FBI Agents open up, returning, fire, killing him and another Russian bodyguard. Nic ky’ Duka hits the deck.
4) 61) text: Astrov and the Russians, outgunned, drop their sweapons a throw up their hands. The FBI Agents move in and restrain them. An FBI Agent cuffs Nicky Duka. ge An EMS TRUCK screams across the pier. EMTs hurry to the wounded men. Bobby Saint and the Russians are beyond hope
5) 4) text: The EMT - also an undercover Federal Agent - stubs out hi butt and Castle sits up, shrugs off the body bag, unbutto his “bloody” shirt, peels off the squib patches and wires Yes sir, thank-you, Agent Castle’ It's been an honor to work with you sir. Former Army Capt.. Jimmy Weeks, 12 years older Like Castl enters. Weeks is an FBI Agent now.
5) 19) text: Castle runs.to the chopper. Weeks ‘watches it lift off. i the night sky. EMT 1 (an FBI Agent) calls to him:
5) 21) text: Agent Weeks reenters, walks back to by Saint’s corpse. The Agent is going through Bobby Saint’s waillet. EM? 1 (FBI AGENT) “Xconr’D) -Here's his ID. ee Weeks looks at the ID. WEEKS yg (stunned) a This is Bobby Saint.
9) 8) text: HOWARD SAINT fa ‘Professionals, right. That's a “ good idea. I'll do that. Thank you. EXT. CASTLE'S HOUSE | —- DAY Frank comes home, driven by two FBI agents. He gets out o the car, and they stay there. He rings the bell. AMANDA CASTLE, his beautiful wife, opens the door. She hugs him tight. and they kiss. Over her shoulder, we see that inside the house she's bee packing everything for a move. - 25 February 2003 - (CONTINUED)
13) 21) text: Where FBI Agent. “Tamang? “Weeks walks past the blackjack to the roulette wheél. The clientele is mostly white and upscale. Mike nods toifoe»s, Joe picks up a phone. A PIT puts his hand to his’ earphone, locks up at the camera in sky, and nods. He walks: the croupier and ‘says something the croupier nods as Weeks. puts his chips on the table.
62) 0) text: The news about the Commodities Exchange has just come in. FBI Agent Jimmy Weeks hurries down the corrider with Tamp POLICE CHIEF EDWIN MORRIS and U.S. Attorney MARC FLYNN.