4) 61) text: Astrov and the Russians, outgunned, drop their sweapons a throw up their hands. The FBI Agents move in and restrain them. An FBI Agent cuffs Nicky Duka. ge An EMS TRUCK screams across the pier. EMTs hurry to the wounded men. Bobby Saint and the Russians are beyond hope
84) 0) text: Castle's Chevellé rolls up to the Old Harbor Drawbridge leading to the Hooker’s Point industrial wasteland. A garbage scow passes beneath. INT. CASTLE’S camEDLE - DAY SLAM...the ‘Bonneville’ ‘rear-ends Castle, boxing him aga the raised bridge. Castle can see The Russian getting out with an AK-47. He instinetively reaches for his shoulder holster but his’ guris’ are gone.
85) 1) text: “The Russian empties the assault ¥ifle into the Chevelle’ side windows and windshield, blowing out the glass, but n penetrating the protective steel panels.
85) 2) text: The drawbridge lowers. Castle peels outs) The Russian curses, changes clips, afd getS-in his Bonneville. He burns out over the bridge. EXT. HOOKER’S POINT - INDUSTRIAL, PARK ROAD - DAY The Bonneville chases the Chevelle into Hooker’ s Point. pass slag heaps and decrepit factories. INT. THE RUSSIAN’S BONNEVILLE - DAY
85) 3) text: The Russian FIRES a custom .50 sub-machine gun INT. CASTLE’S CHEVELLE - DAY Castle throws the wheel, steering into an alley, watching Bonneville follow in his side mirror. SMASH...Castle reco and spits glass as a ROUND blows off the mirror. 25 February 2003 81.
89) 2) text: CASTLE‘S CHEVELLE screeches around ‘the corner, bullets pinging off it. The Russian’s Baaneville, dusted white wi cement, follows. The Russian parks, gets out, shouldering ANTI-TANK ROCKET LAUNCHER. He aims and FIRES ~~
92) 0) text: Castle shoves Joan and Spacker Dave into the lobby as the Russian, advancing, fires his handguns. 25 February 2003 82.
95) 0) text: The Russian ente ‘S, seeing Castle's blood trail.
96) 1) text: The Russian comes awn thé corridor, passing the other apartments, following Castie’ s blood trail. He approache the end of the corridé#. ‘The door to Castle’s apartment been left invitingly aj -
97) 1) text: The Russian enters. ‘Stops. astie,, unarmed, stands in his bedroom smiling. és
97) 4) text: The Russian unloads into Castle. Castle doesn’t look shot rather “shattered.” The Russian just sHet a MIRROR positioned at a 45 degree angle inside Castie’s bedroam,
98) 0) text: The Russian enters furiously. A crowbar SLAMS down on his head. The Russian turns. The crow bar is in Castle: ‘s ha cocked baseball-style. The Russian smiles. :
98) 1) dialog: Ah...baseball! I like baseball. The Russian swipes Castle’s crowbar and swings it like a into Castle’s chest. Castle, holding his ribs, staggers backward into the bathroom. Castle grabs a GRENADE from t sink, tosses it out, and slams the bathroom door. 25 February 2003 (CONTINUED)
99) 0) text: -» it lands on the Bonneville’s front seat and EXPLODES. INT. CASTLE’S APARTMENT - DAY The Russian pulls Castle out of the bathroom and hurls hi across the.bedroom. The Russian bends down and with very little effort, uproots Castle’s toilet from the floor. Castle charges the Russian as he swings the toilet, knock Castle through the wall into --
99) 2) text: The Russian hurls th toilet through the hole in the wall. Castle rolls away as porcelain shatters inches from his h The Russian charges:int e living room.
99) 3) text: Castle pulis his spring-loaded knife from his boot. -The Russian hoists Castle likdé=a feather as Castle thrusts t knife into The Russian’s shoulder. It has the effect of a mosquito bite. The Russi pulls the knife from his
99) 8) dialog: How do you say in. America: just chill. :
99) 9) text: Castle reaches back for a bottle of bleach” He sprays the Russian’s eyes, blinding him, and grabs the REVOLVER, tap under the kitchen table. The Russian recovers and. swipes gun from Castle's hand, bending it like putty. ne
101) 0) text: Castle THUDS against Bumpo’s door. We hear OPERA within. The Russian grabs a FIRE AX off the wall and charges Cast who ducks. INT. MR. BUMPO’S APARTMENT ~-DAY The Russian explodes through the door. and thunders insid Mr. Bumpo"s gut quivers as the fight continues, the actio now cut to Verdi's “Rigoletto.” The Russian slams Castle onto the cutting, table next to the stove where Bumpo‘s v vegetable oil boils. Castle grabs the vat and heaves it in The Russian’s face. The effect is like napalm . The Russian YELPS, turning in camera as the boilitig oik/‘sears the flesh from his face
101) 4) dialog: 
101) 6) text: The Russian wheels away. Castle charges, slamming both through the doorway --
102) 0) text: ~- into the hallway where their momentum takes them to th top of the staircase. There's a moment of, terrified recognition as The Russian knows he's falling.
102) 1) text: INT. RENT CONTROL APARTMENT LOBBY -“DAY 2% Down the stairs they fall...WHUMP WHUMP WHUMP over the stairs...careening and slamming into thexlobby-wall at th base of the stairs. Castle lands atop The Russian with th loud, sickening SNAP of neck bones breaking.
103) 5) text: Itm*fine. I'm fine. (looks at the Russian) He’s not. The Russian’s head is hideously twisted, facing, backward
105) 0) text: John Saint, Leonard Glass, and Enforcers Lincoln and Cutt enter. They stare at The Russian’s corpse on the floor. They start up the stairs. 25 February 2003 87. INT. SPACKER- DAVE'S APARTMENT’- DAY Spacker Dave and Mr. Bumpo drag Castle into Dave's apartm to the window, and hoist Castle into Dave's catwalk cart. Spacker Dave gets on the cart's edge. Joan gives the cart push. EXT. CATWALK. OUTSIDE SPACKER DAVE’S APARTMENT - DAY The cart, bearing Spacker Dave and the unconscious Castle rolls across the catwalk to the adjacent rooftop.