1) 5) dialog: Nothing. His anxiety is evident. INGRID laughs out loud.
1) 17) dialog: A hunter.
1) 19) dialog: Go for help. Call the police. INGRID sets off, stumbling up the track they have made through the snow. JACK shoots her just once, in the nape of her neck. She twitches in the snow, her blood staining the white fu her coat collar. From a distance, INGRID looks like a shot Snow-hair. JACK approaches her. And steps over her, trying not to look down. Trying not to look back.
1) 26) dialog: Blending in? LARRY is shocked to see JACK but pretends the hot dog is centre of attention.
1) 28) dialog: I closed the Stockholm account.
1) 30) dialog: But there were complications. Then LARRY turns and walks, eating carefully. He is not a who likes to get his hands dirty. JACK walks beside him. Both men keep a trained eye on their surroundings.
1) 31) dialog: Collateral damage. Two shooters. Unidentified. [A beat] And a girl. LARRY takes a bite of his hot dog and casts a sideways lo at JACK. JACK is tired.
1) 36) text: You started smoking again? JACK exhales.
1) 37) dialog: Guess so.
1) 39) text: Since when? JACK
1) 43) text: Stockholm account. Final installment. JACK takes the envelope and puts it in an inside pocket. LARRY is about to speak but stops. The WAITER reappears and puts down two cups of coffee. LARRY puts two cubes of sugar in his cup and starts stirr Then speaks low and fast: LARRY
1) 44) text: You can't stay here, Jack. You won't see `em coming, not in a big city. But you can't go far, either. If the gentlemen whose accounts you closed belonged to Brink, Gallazzo, Simenov- any of the first division- you have four or five hours at most before every airport, train station, bus stop, toll booth and ski lift from Stockholm to Skopje is under surveillance. JACK smokes. JACK
1) 45) text: So. Not a question. An acknowledgement that LARRY knows exact what he's talking about. And JACK is listening.
2) 0) text: JACK looks at the sign. He looks up at the silent town, at the vast stone rampart An OLD MAN comes out of a crooked medieval doorway, stare JACK and disappears into another building. JACK looks at the dead sockets of the windows, random ben the rotting patchwork of rooves. A DOG barks. The WIND hisses. The atmosphere is deathly. JACK makes a decision. And drives away.
2) 22) dialog: Buon giorno.
2) 26) dialog: America.
2) 28) dialog: Si. Il Americano.
2) 29) text: JACK's pronunciation is good but his grammar is a bit rus Perhaps he's playing up on this. It suits the role of American tourist. The MAN laughs enthusiastically emphasizing the correct grammar:
2) 31) text: A WOMAN'S VOICE comes from within the house- loud and ang distracting the MAN ON THE DUCATI, who screams back passionately, enters his front door, and shuts it behind with a hearty slam. JACK walks on.
2) 34) text: The man behind him is reflected in the surface of JACK's battered ROLEX.
2) 35) dialog: I'm no good with machines.
2) 37) text: You are American. This is stated matter-of-factly: like a man practising English. JACK
2) 39) text: You speak Italian? JACK
2) 41) text: Va bene! You stay at Pensione Arbruzzo. Also a statement: this time with touch of triumph. JACK is disconcerted but doesn't show it. JACK
2) 43) text: On vacation? JACK
2) 45) text: Lavoro? Che genere de lavoro? JACK
2) 47) text: Va bene. Che genere de fotografia? JACK
2) 51) dialog: No people. Sights and landmarks. For guidebooks, magazines...
2) 53) dialog: Actually it's a syndicate. Lots of different publications. Um... Casa editrice.
2) 55) dialog: You're very kind, but I...
2) 59) dialog: Did I forget to mention my electromagnetic hypersensitivity?
2) 63) dialog: Who's the client?
2) 65) dialog: This is a small town, Larry. I don't like small towns. I grew up in one. Besides, I'm already attracting attention.
2) 67) dialog: I'll think about it.
2) 71) text: Que siamo! The quality of the brandy is good, the liquor is smooth and the glass warmed by the sun. He pronounces warmed "war-med". His English is sophistica but quaint, like an out-of-date book. JACK sniffs his drink before he sips it. Not like a connoisseur: like a White House taster checking the safet a Presidential beverage. FATHER BENEDETTO
2) 73) text: The French are... pezzi di merda. This is not an American discovery. Italians have known this for centuries. [In ITALIAN] When Rome called France the province of Gaul, they were just the same. Arrogant sensualists. Their cuisine is fussy and their wine effeminate. Only their brandy is worthy of any attention. FATHER BENEDETTO looks at JACK. FATHER BENEDETTO
2) 74) text: (in ENGLISH) Forgive me. I speak too fast. You study our history? JACK
2) 76) text: You come to Italy to make a guide book and you don't care about history? JACK
2) 80) dialog: I try to, father.
3) 0) text: The remnants of a simple yet sophisticated meal: apple, pecorino cheese, honey and walnuts. On his lap top, JACK has organised several weeks worth of PHOTOGRAPHS of CASTEL DEL MONTE into three categories: 1. Street plan 2. Exit routes/car 3. Exit routes/foot
4) 0) text: JACK lowers his binoculars. Thinks. Decides to proceed with caution.
4) 2) dialog: Un po' di formaggio, per favore.
4) 4) dialog: Questo.
4) 6) dialog: E un po' di pecorino.
4) 7) text: JACK glances casually around for the WOMAN. She's sitting outside a CAFE about twenty metres away, chatting on her cellphone. JACK pays for his cheese and approaches the cafe.
4) 10) dialog: Prego. You're welcome.
4) 12) dialog: "Amidst gathering clouds".
4) 13) text: The WOMAN speaks quickly, purposefully, barely looking at JACK.
4) 20) text: Signore? The WOMAN looks at JACK for the first time, studying him, awaiting his answer as if a great deal depended on it. JACK
4) 21) text: Una gelata alla fragola. Per favore. The final fail safe. Now they can introduce themselves: JACK
4) 24) text: It's hot. My car has no air conditioning. I asked for it, but... She trails off. JACK
4) 25) text: What car did they give you? Her HAZEL eyes flick over the crowd in front of the cafe. She doesn't answer. JACK clears his throat. Then says quietly: JACK
4) 30) text: Five seconds. Seven at the most. JACK
4) 32) text: One. JACK
4) 34) text: Rapid. JACK
4) 39) text: As compact as possible. JACK clears his throat. JACK
4) 41) text: A small vanity case would be permissible. JACK
4) 46) dialog: Noise?
4) 48) text: No such thing. You'll have to make do with a suppressor like everyone else. It'll dampen the decibels, dislocate the sound source and reduce muzzle flash. I can't make you silent but I can make you invisible as the Finnish phrase goes, but only as long as you're prepared to lose some range. JACK scans the crowd. On the other side of the square he spots a YOUNG MAN in h mid-thirties with short blonde hair and slight sunburn, hovering by a stall. Average height, slim, athletic build sunglasses, stone-washed designer jeans very neatly press with a sharp crease. JACK
4) 52) text: I didn't see him. In any case, I'm alone. A pause. JACK's jaw muscles grind. MATHILDE
4) 55) dialog: You want a weapon with the firing capacity of a submachine gun and the range of a rifle.
4) 57) dialog: Give me a month. To trial. Then a week for final adjustments.
5) 9) dialog: Buon giorno. The POSTMASTER grunts his reply, jutting his chin.
5) 10) dialog: Il fermo posta? The POSTMASTER turns to a rack of pigeonholes behind a sa of mail hanging in a metal frame like an old person's wal aid. From one pigeonhole he draws a bundle of general delivery envelopes held together by an elastic band. Some have been there for weeks. Months even.
5) 12) dialog: Clarke. Deftly, like a teller counting through a thick wad of banknotes he flicks through the mail with thin, wasted fingers.
5) 15) dialog: Clarke. Una pacchetto.
5) 20) dialog: Grazie.
5) 22) text: JACK flicks his eyes downwards. He has already put his PASSPORT on the counter. The POSTMASTER scoops it up with bony fingers. Looks from the picture to JACK. JACK bears the scrutiny with a deadly straight face.
5) 30) dialog: Your source in Rome.
5) 32) dialog: I hope you paid below the odds. The more you pay them the more cops gossip in the locker room.
5) 34) dialog: Yet.
5) 43) text: Also: salsify in garlic butter. Mange-tout. Fried wild mushrooms with truffle. JACK helps himself to vegetables. FATHER BENEDETTO watches him as he savours his first tast JACK licks his lips and sips some cold white wine. The two men regard one another, the priest awaiting a verdict. JACK
5) 45) text: The Holy Father eats better than this. The flash of a smile crosses the priest's face. JACK
5) 47) text: Have you ever wanted to be anything other than a... come se dice in Inglese...? JACK
5) 49) text: Photographer. JACK
5) 51) text: I'm sure you have other talents. You have the hands of a craftsman, not an artist. You are good with machines. Yet you told me just the opposite when we first met. JACK hides his unease from the watchful priest. FATHER BENEDETTO
5) 54) dialog: No.
5) 56) dialog: I'm not a young man. I have my savings.
5) 58) text: My meagre income is subject to the vagaries of the stock market and with church attendance declining there's less and less money in the offertory. But if a man has God in his vaults... He looks searchingly at JACK.
5) 59) dialog: I don't think God is interested in me. Father.
5) 61) text: I know better than to try to make a convert over pheasant and Trebbiano. JACK is silent. The two men continue eating. Then casually:
5) 62) dialog: What are the snakes for, father? FATHER BENEDETTO taps the end of his nose in the universa sign for secrecy.
5) 67) dialog: Sono un amico di Padre Benedetto.
5) 70) text: JACK smiles politely.
5) 71) dialog: Buon giorno.
5) 75) dialog: I'm taking pictures forty minutes north of here. Right up in the mountains. Father Benedetto said you might be able to help.
5) 77) text: You need models. For your photographs? Italian girls? He winks at JACK. He's being friendly.
5) 78) dialog: My publisher wouldn't stretch to a four by four and the park trails are playing havoc with my chassis. The technical English is slightly beyond FABIO's grasp. This suits JACK.
5) 81) dialog: Not really. I just need something to work on a ruptured driveshaft.
5) 84) dialog: Just a hobby. I tinker. JACK looks at the TOOLS hanging on the walls and litterin the work benches. FABIO shrugs.
5) 87) dialog: I appreciate that. FABIO gets on with work, sliding himself beneath the resprayed Alfa Romeo.
5) 89) dialog: Bene? FABIO is engrossed his work.
5) 91) dialog: Quant'e? FABIO grins and growls. A gearwheel with no bite is usele to him.
5) 93) dialog: Ciao. Grazie.
7) 0) text: JACK has laid out his newly acquired tools on the flag st floor of his room.
7) 14) text: By now the sun is low and the light fading. JACK's eyes a sore and his fingers aching. He sits on his bed with his hands on his knees, silent in dying light.
7) 16) dialog: E Clara qui? [Is Clara here?]
7) 20) dialog: Forse un altro tempo. [Perhaps another time.]
7) 30) dialog: I've got company. JACK scans the area outside.
7) 32) text: If he's not baby-sitting the Belgian contract then he's either a Joe, a cop or a shooter. He's not with The Company, they're fast: it's been three days and no TA. He's not intel: they're deep background and he wants to be noticed. He might be a cowboy but he can't be a cop: they work in pairs and he's alone. Strike Guarda di Finanza, State Police and NOCS: he's not Italian- he doesn't look like one, dress like one or behave like one. So who the hell is he? A beat. JACK
7) 34) text: You got a long list of enemies, Jack. JACK
7) 35) text: What's he waiting for? JACK hears the sound of an engine. His hand moves to his pocket. LARRY (V.O.)
7) 36) text: Jack? He watches a black VW SHARON pass. There's a family insid LARRY (V.O.)
7) 37) text: Want me to help take care of this? JACK
7) 39) text: You sound spooked. JACK
7) 41) text: Jack? JACK
7) 48) dialog: The Carabinieri around here like roadblocks. It's cover. She nods. They get into the car.
7) 56) dialog: This attracts less attention.
7) 58) dialog: Fifty minutes.
7) 61) text: JACK nods. She eases herself back, resigned to a long climb.
7) 64) dialog: I'll wake you before the turn-off.
7) 69) dialog: The turn-off's up ahead. His eyes flick to the rear view mirror. Hers to the wing. She spots the CAR behind. JACK catches her eye questionin
7) 71) dialog: Just a precaution. He gets out of the car and pretends to urinate. The CAR behind passes at speed. A blue Seat. The driver neither slows down nor looks in t direction. JACK gets back in the car.
7) 75) dialog: Derelict. I checked three days ago.
7) 77) dialog: I'll check alone. There are adders the mountains. And vipers. Your shoes.
7) 83) dialog: Yes. Satisfied that he's alone, he lowers his binoculars. MATH takes a deep breath of mountain air.
7) 86) dialog: You'd be out of a job.
7) 88) dialog: It's hard to like something you know nothing about.
7) 91) text: Rounds? JACK
7) 92) text: I've made up two sorts. He reaches into the PICNIC HAMPER. JACK
7) 93) text: Thirty lead and thirty jacketed. MATHILDE
7) 95) text: And fifty explosive. JACK
7) 96) text: Not a problem. He hands her the practise ammunition in two small cartrid boxes: the shells snug in little plastic trays. JACK
7) 100) text: I have made my own targets. She reaches into her BLUE CANVAS SPORTS BAG and removes several pieces of folded cardboard strengthened with spli bamboo cane. Without speaking she sets off through the alpine blooms. her wake flutter a confetti of butterflies and grass crickets, honey bees sizzling frantically as her loose su skirt sweeps across the flowers. JACK
7) 102) text: Muzzle velocity? JACK
7) 104) text: Socimi? JACK
7) 108) text: You'll find it easy. I've re- balanced it for the longer barrel. The fulcrum is two centimetres forward of the grip now. Which won't matter if you're firing- and I'm guessing you are- from a fixed position. No answer. JACK
7) 109) text: No major recoil issues. You should be able to hold onto any target. Even the smallest. MATHILDE puts two jacketed rounds into the magazine and stands with her feet apart, braced. The breeze beneath th walnut tree ruffles her summer skirt and presses it again her legs.
7) 114) dialog: Good shot.
7) 118) text: ...into the bush with the yellow flowers. Two bursts. Five seconds apart. Slowly, JACK walks down to the stones, turns and looks ba The CITROEN is well hidden in the deep shade of the walnu tree. So is MATHILDE. In the poor light all he can see is dress and her blouse. He wipes the sweat from his eyes an shuts them tightly. This is not just a weapon test... it's a test of trust. He opens his eyes again. MATHILDE turns to face him as he shoulders the weapon. He aims the SOCIMI at the YELLOW FLOWERS right beside her Holds his breath. And pulls the trigger.
7) 123) text: I shall require the rounds and the weapon by the first of next month. In the meantime would you tighten the adjusting screws on the sight, they are too loose. And lengthen the stock by three centimetres. I also want a sixty round magazine. JACK
7) 125) text: I'm prepared to accept that. JACK
7) 127) text: What about the a case? JACK
7) 129) text: Eight-two-one. JACK
7) 130) text: Eight-two-one. MATHILDE hands him the ENVELOPE and disassembles the weap JACK wraps the SOCIMI parts up in their cloth squares and places them in the bottom of the PICNIC HAMPER. MATHILDE
7) 131) text: What do you want done with these? She has collected up the spent CARTRIDGE CASES. JACK
7) 132) text: Throw them in the lake. She walks down to the water and hurls the brass cases in. FISH rise. Again, the beauty of the place transfixes her. By the time she turns back, JACK has laid out the picnic.
7) 135) text: I don't know Italian wine. JACK
7) 136) text: Aspirinio. Like Mosacata but frizzante. Deftly he uncorks a bottle. And pours it into the grass. JACK
7) 138) text: You chilled the wine. I thought... JACK
7) 140) text: (disappointed) You think of everything. JACK
7) 141) text: I'm paid to. Don't move. She freezes. JACK points slowly. On her tanned forearm is a BUTTERFLY. MATHILDE
7) 143) text: It's so beautiful. JACK
7) 145) text: You like coming here. JACK
7) 149) dialog: No. The BUTTERFLY flits away.
7) 152) dialog: I have an acquaintance. A beat. She waits for him to say more. He doesn't.
7) 154) dialog: Wild boar. He hands her the binoculars. And hurriedly packs up the picnic.
7) 159) text: JACK is touched.
7) 160) dialog: I'm much older than you. By the time you've retired I'll be dead.
7) 164) text: JACK nods. The distant sound of a DIESEL ENGINE. The train is approaching.
7) 176) text: You like cow boy movie? JACK thinks. Then shakes his head.
7) 177) dialog: Hokey.
7) 184) dialog: Morboso?
7) 187) dialog: You needn't act.
7) 190) dialog: You might have to act with your other clients but you don't have to pretend anything at all with me. She lights herself a cigarette.
7) 191) dialog: I want you to be yourself with me. Be as indifferent as you like. I came here to get pleasure, not to give it. He hands her CASH. She counts it.
7) 193) dialog: I don't sleep with the other girls. And leaves.
7) 203) text: He mops the sweat from his brow with the hem of his Souta takes JACK by the arm and leads him to one side, away fro the light of the candles.
7) 206) dialog: Here?
7) 208) dialog: What did he want?
7) 210) text: To know where you live. He said he was a friend from Switzerland. JACK
7) 211) text: Switzerland? JACK thinks. JACK
7) 214) text: Friends do not carry guns. FATHER BENEDETTO glances shrewdly at JACK, his eyes searc into him. FATHER BENEDETTO
7) 215) text: If you live in Italy, and you are a man of the cloth, you meet many people. Besides, I lived once in Naples. If you live in Naples you know the difference between a fat wallet and a... custodia per armi di spalla. How you say in English? JACK
7) 217) text: Si. JACK glances up and down the aisle. OLD LADIES are dribbling into church in twos and threes. The BELL for mass starts ringing. JACK
7) 219) text: I am a priest. JACK turns to go.
7) 228) text: Someone left this for "L'Americano". This afternoon. JACK looks at the ENVELOPE.
7) 229) dialog: Grazie. He turns casually away from the BARMAN's prying eyes and opens the envelope with extreme caution. Inside is a folded CUTTING. It's from the Swedish Daily newspaper Г–STERSUNDS-POSTEN. JACK unfolds the cutting. We catch a glimpse of: -Ingrid's dacha. -A police line. -Three dead bodies in the snow: the two hitmen and the gi Heart racing, JACK slips the cutting in his pocket. Grabs three SUGAR CUBES from a silver bowl on the bar. And leaves.
7) 255) dialog: Buon giorno.
7) 257) dialog: I'm fine.
7) 260) dialog: It's nothing really. Just a broken rib. Un costollo rotta?
7) 262) dialog: I came off my bike.
7) 264) dialog: No, no, no. I have pain killers. I just need a strong cup of coffee.
7) 270) dialog: Why d'you call me that?
7) 277) dialog: How did he know I was here, Larry?
7) 281) dialog: I doubt it.
8) 0) text: The colonnades of this popular pedestrain street are crow with window shoppers, tourists taking coffee, old men discussing politics and office girls walking hand in hand chattering like songbirds. JACK is in dark glasses. He's sitting in a coffee shop un the colonnade sucking a fruit drop and reading a copy of Messagiero. C.U. we see he's studying a small column concerning the murder of two prostitutes in the nearby city of Chieti. JACK spots CLARA walking along the corso. She's with a gi he has not seen before. ANNA. ANNA is small town girl wit keen sense of fashion. She and CLARA are hand in hand. CLARA sees JACK and speaks to her friend. They cross through the throng of boulevardiers.
8) 2) dialog: How do you do?
8) 6) text: That would be very good. He indicates two empty chairs. JACK
8) 7) text: Prego. CLARA moves her chair to sit closer to JACK. Under the ta her knee presses against his. ANNA also moves her chair nearer to JACK: but her motive to move it out of the sun. She is not flirting. CLARA
8) 8) text: Anna is learning English. JACK
8) 11) text: Lui Americano? JACK
8) 12) text: I am. JACK glances at CLARA. How much has she told her friend? ANNA
8) 13) text: Ah. I have not been to England only to France. But I would love to go to America. The WAITER comes over. JACK
8) 17) text: I tell her in these times America is like here, there, anywhere. The streets are not... pave-ed with gold. She beams happily at JACK. He smiles back at her.
8) 18) dialog: If not with gold, than at least not with enough medieval cobbles to loosen every-self tapping screw in a Fiat. JACK beams. Neither girl understands. But everyone smiles happily. The WAITER brings the coffee and CLARA insists on paying.
8) 19) dialog: Where do you come from, Anna? ANNA frowns. JACK plays teacher.
8) 20) dialog: Dove abita?
8) 25) dialog: Great. I'll see you then.
8) 30) text: I forgot. Where is our usual place? JACK
8) 32) text: Remind me. The twinkle in her eye. She's testing him. JACK is the perfect gentleman. JACK
8) 34) text: Where would you like to try, Eduardo? A beat. JACK spots a restaurant on the opposite side of t road. JACK
8) 37) text: This is the best food in the area. JACK
8) 39) text: Seven? JACK
8) 43) dialog: Locanda Grapelli.
8) 45) dialog: I'll be there.
8) 47) dialog: See you then, Clara. It was a delight to meet you Anna. Arrivederci.
9) 0) text: A small park not far from Castel Del Monte's town square. It is just after dawn. The pine trees and the poplars are silent. The sun is not yet up but the day is light. Sparr hop about, searching for crumbs. JACK, ravaged by lack of sleep, wonders about like the de of a lost darkness, looking for his hole down to the underworld.
9) 6) text: Perhaps you'll stay and settle here yourself? JACK
9) 8) text: You told me as much when we first met. Besides, those who seek for peace seldom find it. They're always moving on, looking elsewhere. [A BEAT] And they are usually sinners. JACK
9) 10) text: Some are greater sinners than others. And those who seek peace have much sinning in their history. JACK
9) 12) text: Until now. JACK
9) 14) text: Forgive me. This is the priest in me speaking. And the friend. But you have done much sinning, Signor Clarke. You still do. JACK
9) 16) text: I do not refer to the sins of carnality. But to the deadly sins... JACK
9) 20) text: You should like to remain here and find your peace at last. Yet you cannot. There is something you cannot ignore. Some force. Some enemy. JACK is silent. FATHER BENEDETTO
9) 21) text: You want to speak but you dare not. You know no one sufficiently well to share your history with them. You know I am trustworthy yet still you are cautious. FATHER BENEDETTO stops, compelling JACK to stop too- and him. FATHER BENEDETTO
9) 22) text: What job do you do, Signor? Are you on the run, as they say? JACK
9) 24) text: It's an expression, no? JACK
9) 26) text: Some men watch some of the shadows. You watch them all. JACK
9) 28) text: Do you wish to tell me? JACK
9) 30) text: For your own sake. Perhaps I can pray for you? A change of pace. JACK
9) 35) text: You work in metal. You are given some steel by Fabio, the car doctor. JACK
9) 37) text: I know only what you do in the town. People talk to me. I am their priest and they trust me. JACK
9) 39) text: Of course. They stare at one another. JACK wants to confess. He does not know why. But he doesn't. He does something we're not expecting: JACK
9) 41) text: Why do you ask me that? JACK
9) 42) text: He looks like you. Even more than he does in the photos you keep of each other. Where was he conceived, father? Under one of these trees? At night? Like all the other bastards? There is a very, very long pause. FATHER BENEDETTO stares at JACK with extraordinary intensity. FATHER BENEDETTO
9) 43) text: I do not remember, Signor. It was twenty-five years ago. FATHER BENEDETTO walks. JACK follows. A gust of wind make dust swirl from the gravel path. The two men do not speak again until they reach the next set of Cyprus trees.
9) 46) dialog: Expecting me to reciprocate?
9) 54) dialog: I wasn't sure you meant me to. CLARA looks doubtful. It's the same look she gave him at cafe. She is breaking the golden rule of prostitution. Getting involved. Her heart is pulling one way and her he another.
9) 61) dialog: No, grazie.
9) 69) text: (mostly to herself) Cittadina. JACK
9) 70) text: Small towns. JACK smiles. CLARA smiles back. They have this contempt i common. The WAITER reappears and pours a thumbful of wine. It is red in colour and frizzante. At CLARA's insistence, JACK tastes it. It is dry and has a tar-like aftertaste. CLARA
9) 71) text: Parasini. From Calabria. It is good, you will agree? JACK
9) 73) text: Can I ask you something, Eduardo? JACK
9) 77) text: No. A beat. JACK
9) 79) text: I was sure this was your secret. JACK
9) 80) text: What makes you think I have a secret? I'm an ordinary man. I cough. I fart. I earn a living. JACK observes a GYPSY selling roses. CLARA
9) 82) text: He thinks we are a couple. JACK signals to the GYPSY and buys CLARA a ROSE. JACK
9) 84) text: (in ITALIAN) As long as we know it is an illusion. Her smile is only a little bit sad. Still, JACK doesn't know what to say. They are saved by the appearance of the WAITER. WAITER
9) 85) text: Buona sera. Desidera? CLARA orders, full of Italian charm, putting JACK at his ease. He watches her contentedly: the way she talks and moves.
9) 90) text: She eats, savoring the ice cream. JACK watches, savoring pleasure.
9) 91) dialog: How is it?
9) 93) dialog: (amused) Bitchin'?
9) 95) text: She scoops a spoonful dripping with nuts and chocolate sa and holds it out to JACK.
9) 96) dialog: No thanks.
9) 100) dialog: (his mouth full) I will agree.
9) 102) text: (sensing his teasing) My English is nice! JACK
9) 104) text: (defending herself) You know how to swear in Italian? JACK
9) 106) text: "Imbecile?" Eduardo! Try: Mangia merde e morte: tuo cazzo un brufolo. JACK
9) 108) text: Perdone! JACK
9) 110) text: Shell-tered? JACK
9) 112) text: Too much work. She turns the phone to silent. And looks up at JACK. CLARA
9) 113) text: I don't apologise, Eduardo. JACK
9) 115) text: For this I do. My job. JACK
9) 118) text: Except this job is full of testa di cazzo. JACK
9) 120) text: Lei? JACK
9) 122) text: But you are too young to... pensione? JACK
9) 124) text: Si. JACK
9) 126) text: No! JACK
9) 127) text: Would you be flattering me if I wasn't a client? He's put CLARA on the spot. JACK
9) 133) dialog: Give it away. She looks at him. JACK studies her, searching for his own feelings.
9) 135) dialog: Grazie. An embarrassed beat. CLARA kisses him.
9) 136) dialog: Grazie, Clara.
9) 143) dialog: Where?
9) 145) dialog: I don't deliver, Larry. I never deliver. It's too dangerous. She comes to me. I know the town. That's what we agreed.
9) 147) dialog: Breach? What breach? For the first time in the movie we cut to LARRY at home:
9) 151) dialog: Not possible.
9) 153) dialog: Cops?
9) 155) dialog: How come I'm still here?
9) 157) dialog: Where the hell's this information coming from?
9) 160) dialog: They don't.
9) 163) dialog: They can. They can trust me and so can you. JACK is tense. Every word is carefully enunciated:
9) 164) dialog: I've never jeopardised an operation in my life.
9) 176) text: She opens the passenger door, leans in and kisses JACK lo and full on the lips.
9) 177) dialog: Put them in the back. We've got a way to go.
9) 182) dialog: Swimming.
9) 184) dialog: An hour. And we're not going to the sea, we're going to the lakes. In the mountains.
9) 186) dialog: A picnic.
9) 189) dialog: It is.
9) 194) dialog: Ten kilometres. Another twenty minutes. She pauses to work out the mathematics. She's smart. And puzzled. But she's not frightened. Not yet.
9) 196) dialog: We're going off the beaten track. She looks confused.
9) 197) dialog: Lontano. Fuori mano. CLARA laughs.
10) 2) dialog: You shall see.
10) 4) dialog: There's no need to worry. I've been here before several times. Taking photographs. He swings the wheel suddenly to avoid a large boulder and Citroen pitches as if struck by a wave.
10) 10) text: You should have a jeep. A Toyota. It is not good for a... berlina. It's as if the increased danger of the track diminishes h English. JACK
10) 11) text: This is a Citroen! He strikes the steering wheel hard with the palm of his h JACK
10) 13) text: You sure? JACK
10) 15) text: I think you are crazy. This will go to nowhere. JACK
10) 18) text: Now there is no road! JACK stops the car and turns the engines off. Sudden silence. CLARA lets go of the seat. CLARA
10) 19) text: Is this where we go? They are surrounded by trees. JACK
10) 20) text: No. Not quite. We go another hundred metres, through the wood. But from here we just roll forward. No motor. No sound. And you'll see a wonder. She grips the seat again. JACK
10) 21) text: You won't need to hold on. I'll go slowly. Just relax and look. He eases his foot off the brake and the car begins to mov forward, the springs squeaking slightly. After 50 metres twists the steering wheel slightly and applies the brakes They roll gradually down to the outer edge of the woods a come to a stop beneath a familiarly squat but ample WALNU TREE. Beyond them is the LAKE, the MEADOWS and the RUINED HAMLE The hidden valley is a riot of colour, the blooms and blossoms more brilliant than we've ever seen them. By the edge of the lake stands a HERON, still as fence post. CLARA gets out of the car, dumbstruck. JACK gets out too. watches her... then swiftly checks the ruined hamlet thro his miniature binoculars. Deserted. By the time CLARA tur towards him, the binoculars are hidden. CLARA
10) 22) text: No one comes here? She speaks so quietly JACK can barely hear her. JACK
10) 24) text: Just you. JACK
10) 28) text: I am going to swim in the lake. Are you coming? She doesn't wait for his reply, but turns and runs throug the grass towards the water. JACK
10) 31) text: (shouting) He is an Italian bird! We disturb his siesta! Quickly, JACK glances inside the CITROEN. The RED PURSE is nowhere to be seen. CLARA
10) 32) text: Come, Signor Farfalla! JACK undresses. As he removes his clothes, he stalls for time, using the cover of undressing to search for the RED PURSE. We can see it wedged under the passenger seat. Due to the design of the car, JACK cannot. CLARA
10) 33) text: Come! JACK turns to face the lake. He is naked. Yet with the caution of years he does not remove his shoes until he reaches the water's edge.
10) 35) text: Stand by me. He obeys her order. He walks out to her and she takes his hand under the water, holding it out in front of them. JACK spots it resting on the smooth stone of the lake-bed Brassy and gleaming. A SPENT SHELL. He covers it with his foot. CLARA
10) 36) text: Keep still. Watch. As the ripples of his arrival peter out in the reeds, TIN FISH appear in a shoal to gather about their hands. They hover like slivers of glass just under the surface then m in to nibble at the skin on their fingers. JACK
10) 38) text: It is said that if these fishes bite at two hands holding, then love is good for the people. He looks at her and for a moment he forgets the awful pla his head. She kisses him, pressing herself against him, her skin an body as pure and warm as the water. He tries helplessly to pull away. JACK
10) 40) text: Do you make love in the water? JACK
10) 42) text: What's wrong? He doesn't know what to say. She looks at him: confused, searching. JACK
10) 48) dialog: Is Clara yours?
10) 50) dialog: Edward is my real name.
10) 53) dialog: Quite sure. About this he's telling the truth. CLARA reaches for the RED PURSE. From behind the picnic hamper lid we hear the CLICK of a cocking mechanism. CLARA hesitates for a moment.
10) 55) text: Will you put this on my back? She proffers him the SUNTAN LOTION. JACK stares at her baking body, transfixed by its terribl and perfect beauty. Hidden behind the LID of the picnic hamper... ...his trembling right hand grips tightly to his WALTHER. A long pause. CLARA
10) 57) text: Amore? Time seems to stop. ECU on JACK. Suddenly, CLARA sits up. CLARA
10) 58) text: Eduardo, what's wrong? JACK swallows. When he speaks his mouth his dry. JACK
10) 61) dialog: Dear Father Benedetto... And begins to run it into CLARA's back.
10) 62) dialog: I promised myself that I would write to you- as your friend- to say goodbye.
10) 65) dialog: Everything I've ever done... Then he spots something. On the ground, not far from the car. He walks over and picks it up. It's one of CLARA's shoes.
10) 66) dialog: I've done for a reason. JACK is staring at the SHOE.
10) 67) dialog: I never thought the day would come when I'd run out of reasons. Reasons to worry. Reasons to run. Reasons to pull the trigger. JACK turns and walks over to the car. CLARA is in the passenger seat.
10) 68) dialog: Maybe that day's come. JACK gets into the Citroen.
10) 71) text: Grazie, Eduardo. JACK
10) 74) text: Non capito... how one person hurt another in this way. JACK looks lost, like a man drained of all resolution. JACK
10) 76) text: You are not a client. JACK
10) 78) text: I have to work tonight, amore. Silence. JACK looks away. JACK (V.O.)
10) 82) text: What will you do? JACK
10) 84) text: And after that? Tomorrow and the next day. JACK
10) 85) text: I can't stay here forever. As the words leave his lips he thinks how much he wishes could. JACK (V.O.)
10) 87) text: I want always to stay here. JACK
10) 89) text: Let me come to your home. JACK
10) 90) text: I can't, Clara. One day... She's upset but decides not to press her demand. JACK (V.O.)
10) 94) dialog: ...by this time tomorrow I'll be dead. Fade to black.
11) 0) text: JACK watches the road. On the long straights he looks backwards and forwards.
11) 4) text: Hello. I see you have brought it in from the car with you. She speaks quietly: her voice low and attractive. JACK
11) 6) text: What's in the paper bag? The WAITRESS comes over with Jack's coffee. MATHILDE orde another for herself. JACK
11) 7) text: Sweets. For your journey. She opens the bag and takes out one of the TINS. She can immediately feel that it's heavier than it should JACK
11) 9) text: That is most thoughtful of you. The polite phrase sounds even more polite with her slight Belgian accent. The WAITRESS returns with the second espresso and MATHILD pays for them both. JACK watches as she stirs her coffee to cool it. She's nervous. JACK
12) 6) text: You never know. She stops beside the FORD. JACK still has his hands on the Walther. MATHILDE
12) 9) text: Everything's just fine. She definitely sounds American now. Her RIGHT HAND slips into her pocket. JACK twists his wrist upwards and thumbs the cocking leve MATHILDE
12) 10) text: Final payment. She hands JACK an ENVELOPE. MATHILDE
12) 11) text: Buy yourself a retirement clock. Her American accent shows that she's letting her guard do Maybe it's designed to make JACK do the same. It doesn't. JACK
12) 13) text: Have you taken your girl up to the meadow yet? JACK doesn't answer. His whole body is tense for the bull that he knows his coming. Perhaps there is a second perso the car. Just then... ...a COACH pulls into the car park. It stops with a hydraulic hiss and dozens of TEENAGE KIDS descend.
12) 18) text: JACK tenses as MATHILDE raises her hand in farewell. The FORD pulls away and disappears down the slip road ont the autostrada. JACK watches it go. Thumbs back the lever on his Walther. Gets into his Citroen. And opens the ENVELOPE. -No wires. -No tricks. -Just a HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLARS. JACK stares at the money. He isn't supposed to be alive. a while he stays put. He shuts his eyes in the sunshine a listens to the laughter of the teenage kids. To a girl calling: "Amore!" To the cicadas. To the distant rush of traffic on the autostrada.
12) 23) dialog: 
12) 54) dialog: When can I see you?
12) 58) dialog: If I asked you would you come away with me?
12) 60) dialog: Why not?
12) 63) dialog: Together.
12) 65) dialog: Wherever. Then when we're through, we could come back here. For good.
12) 67) dialog: Where else?
12) 69) dialog: Forever. A pause.
12) 70) dialog: Unless you have other plans.
12) 73) dialog: 
12) 75) text: The TRIGGER FINGER squeezes. The SOCIMI SUBMACHINE fires. An EXPLOSIVE BULLET travels down the chamber at approxima 360 miles per hour headed straight for JACK's temporal lo Only it never gets there.
12) 79) dialog: Someone got what was coming to them. He turns to her:
12) 80) dialog: Go to your apartment and pack. Wait `till I get there. Don't answer the door to anyone but me.
12) 82) dialog: Trust me. She looks at him.
12) 84) dialog: Clara. My name is not Eduardo.
12) 86) dialog: My name is Jack.
12) 90) dialog: I promise. Take this. He hands her an ENVELOPE. It contains his final instalmen
12) 91) dialog: Look after it. In case.
12) 94) dialog: Now go.
12) 101) text: What will you tell them? A beat. FATHER BENEDETTO takes something from inside his Soutane. And holds it up with a trembling hand. JACK'S LETTER. FATHER BENEDETTO
12) 103) text: Jack. FATHER BENEDETTO shuts his eyes, muttering a quiet prayer The SIRENS get closer. We hear Carabinieri screeching to a halt and clambering o of their cars, cocking submachine guns. When FATHER BENEDETTO opens his eyes again... ...JACK has disappeared.