4) 23) text: Mathilde. The identification process over, there is nothing more to but get down to business- and conversation becomes sudden awkward. MATHILDE
4) 26) text: Range? She takes a long time to answer. When she does, she does over the rim of her half-empty coffee cup, scanning the c like a cheating wife customarily anxious not to be seen b her husband. MATHILDE
4) 29) text: Time? MATHILDE
4) 31) text: Targets? MATHILDE
4) 33) text: Fire rate? MATHILDE
4) 35) text: Magazine capacity? MATHILDE
4) 36) text: Large. Preferably 9mm Parabellum. The WAITER delivers the Spremuta and the raspberry ice-cr The glass of lemon juice twists in MATHILDE's slender fingers. MATHILDE
4) 38) text: How compact? MATHILDE
4) 40) text: You want a submachine gun to fit in a lady's purse? MATHILDE
4) 44) text: X-rays? Camouflage: lap-top, DVD player, MP3 or digital camera? She's not sure if he's joking or not. Neither are we. MATHILDE
4) 47) dialog: Silencer. JACK
4) 50) dialog: Excuse me? JACK
4) 51) text: By the clothes stall. Light blue shirt, open at the neck, expensive buff suede shoes. Is he with you? The YOUNG MAN has disappeared into the crowd. MATHILDE
4) 52) text: I didn't see him. In any case, I'm alone. A pause. JACK's jaw muscles grind. MATHILDE
4) 56) dialog: Can you do it? A beat.
7) 46) dialog: Mr. Clarke. How good to see you again. Something quaint, old fashioned in her diction. English w the hint of a Belgian accent. JACK opens the boot of his car and she places her sports beside a WICKER PICNIC HAMPER.
7) 47) dialog: Refreshments?
7) 51) dialog: You picked a beautiful spot.
7) 53) dialog: You would be hard pressed to make a fast get away in this.
7) 55) dialog: I would have thought you to have had at least an Alfa Romeo.
7) 57) dialog: Is it far?
7) 60) dialog: Up there?
7) 62) dialog: The train was tiring. One has to keep alert so much in cities.
7) 68) dialog: Are we nearly there?
7) 70) dialog: I told you I work alone. JACK slows just before the turn off and pulls over. Then stops. Now its MATHILDE's turn to look questioning.
7) 74) dialog: Are those houses occupied? JACK looks at the RUINED HAMLET on the hillside.
7) 76) dialog: We should check again.
7) 78) dialog: I'll be careful. Her voice is curt. The trust she showed him in the car is gone now.
7) 82) dialog: You have tested the gun here before?
7) 84) dialog: It's beautiful here. She is sitting on a loose stone wall at the edge of what once a terraced field. Her dress dips between her legs as leans forward and rests her forearms on her knees, tired the journey and the long, hot climb.
7) 85) dialog: I wish everywhere could be this tranquil. JACK looks at her, sensing a kindred spirit.
7) 87) dialog: You don't like the peace?
7) 93) text: Thirty lead and thirty jacketed. MATHILDE
7) 94) text: I should like a hundred of each. It's an order: her voice is emotionless. MATHILDE
7) 99) text: Mercury will do very nicely. She puts the gun down butt-first, leaning it against the of the car. MATHILDE
7) 101) text: Watch out for vipers. He keeps his voice down but she hears him nonetheless, wa with her right hand: the hand holding the AMMUNITION BOXE She's no fool. Neither is he. He has the gun. At ninety meters distance she stops beside a pile of smoo stones- a boundary cairn- overgrown with little purple trumpet blooms. She unfolds the cardboard. At this distance all we can ma out is a silver-grey shape against the stones. Returning to the car she picks up the weapon. MATHILDE
7) 103) text: At least three hundred and sixty miles per hour. That's including twenty off the top for the sound suppression. Impressed, MATHILDE looks at the marks on the metal where serial number has been removed with acid. MATHILDE
7) 105) text: Eight-two-one. MATHILDE
7) 109) text: No major recoil issues. You should be able to hold onto any target. Even the smallest. MATHILDE puts two jacketed rounds into the magazine and stands with her feet apart, braced. The breeze beneath th walnut tree ruffles her summer skirt and presses it again her legs.
7) 116) text: Go to the stones and fire near me. He's taken aback. MATHILDE
7) 117) text: Say... She looks round for a target. MATHILDE
7) 118) text: ...into the bush with the yellow flowers. Two bursts. Five seconds apart. Slowly, JACK walks down to the stones, turns and looks ba The CITROEN is well hidden in the deep shade of the walnu tree. So is MATHILDE. In the poor light all he can see is dress and her blouse. He wipes the sweat from his eyes an shuts them tightly. This is not just a weapon test... it's a test of trust. He opens his eyes again. MATHILDE turns to face him as he shoulders the weapon. He aims the SOCIMI at the YELLOW FLOWERS right beside her Holds his breath. And pulls the trigger.
7) 124) text: You'll upset the balance. MATHILDE
7) 126) text: Then I'm happy to oblige. MATHILDE
7) 128) text: A briefcase. Samsonite. Standard pattern in black with combination locks. Is there a number you'd prefer? She thinks. MATHILDE
7) 130) text: Eight-two-one. MATHILDE hands him the ENVELOPE and disassembles the weap JACK wraps the SOCIMI parts up in their cloth squares and places them in the bottom of the PICNIC HAMPER. MATHILDE
7) 134) text: How thoughtful. She picks up a bottle of wine. MATHILDE
7) 137) text: It wouldn't look right if the picnic wasn't touched. MATHILDE
7) 139) text: It had to be chilled. They're Italian cops. MATHILDE
7) 141) text: I'm paid to. Don't move. She freezes. JACK points slowly. On her tanned forearm is a BUTTERFLY. MATHILDE
7) 142) text: Wow. They both stare at the insect, transfixed. MATHILDE
7) 144) text: Parnassius apollo. It's endangered. She looks up at him. Like it's a revelation she says: MATHILDE
7) 148) dialog: You've never taken a woman here before? JACK is momentarily taken aback.
7) 150) dialog: (sadly)
7) 153) dialog: Friendships are transitory. It is... Suddenly, there's movement in the bushes. JACK snatches up his BINOCULARS. MATHILDE scans the tree cover.
7) 156) dialog: I wish you hadn't brought me here. Again... a real sadness. JACK glances at her.
7) 158) dialog: This is the sort of place I wish I'd discovered by myself. Then maybe one day I could have retired here. But you already know it.
7) 163) dialog: We will meet as before?
7) 165) dialog: On the first of next month?
7) 167) dialog: Around noon?
7) 168) text: Not even a nod this time: just a slow blink. MATHILDE opens the door, runs around to the boot and grab her canvas sports bag. Then returns to the passenger side the car and looks in.
7) 169) dialog: Thank you for a lovely day. Mr. Butterfly.
7) 171) dialog: You must take your mistress to the meadow for a picnic.
11) 5) text: All there, as agreed. MATHILDE
11) 6) text: What's in the paper bag? The WAITRESS comes over with Jack's coffee. MATHILDE orde another for herself. JACK
11) 8) text: I guessed you'd have a sweet tooth. MATHILDE
11) 10) text: I suppose I'll read about this in the Times or the International Herald Tribune. Or Il Maessagiero. For a moment she is pensive. MATHILDE
11) 13) dialog: I'm just going to the ladies. Wait here. She picks up the CASE. There is nothing JACK can do about this. She has taken hi off guard and grasped the initiative. All he can do is wait.
12) 0) text: MATHILDE enters a cubicle, opens the CASE, bypasses the stationary, lifts the false bottom and checks the SOCIMI parts are present and correct. Then she loads a magazine.
12) 2) dialog: Shall we go. Not a question, a command. JACK is obliged to stand up.
12) 4) dialog: You won't need your piece.
12) 6) text: You never know. She stops beside the FORD. JACK still has his hands on the Walther. MATHILDE
12) 8) text: Sure. You? MATHILDE
12) 9) text: Everything's just fine. She definitely sounds American now. Her RIGHT HAND slips into her pocket. JACK twists his wrist upwards and thumbs the cocking leve MATHILDE
12) 10) text: Final payment. She hands JACK an ENVELOPE. MATHILDE
12) 12) text: How do you know I'm retiring? She leans forward and kisses him lightly and quickly and the lips. MATHILDE
12) 15) dialog: (whispers to JACK) Do it.
12) 17) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Butterfly.
12) 18) text: JACK tenses as MATHILDE raises her hand in farewell. The FORD pulls away and disappears down the slip road ont the autostrada. JACK watches it go. Thumbs back the lever on his Walther. Gets into his Citroen. And opens the ENVELOPE. -No wires. -No tricks. -Just a HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLARS. JACK stares at the money. He isn't supposed to be alive. a while he stays put. He shuts his eyes in the sunshine a listens to the laughter of the teenage kids. To a girl calling: "Amore!" To the cicadas. To the distant rush of traffic on the autostrada.
12) 28) dialog: What else could I do? There were kids everywhere. Besides he's suspicious.
12) 30) dialog: I prefer it that way. She is a trained assassin. She respects JACK.
12) 31) dialog: The Socimi is the perfect weapon.
12) 35) dialog: He made short work of the last guy you hired.
12) 48) text: MATHILDE'S FINGER... taking up the trigger slack.