19) 2) dialog: Adelaide! Constance, Adelaide’s mother enters from the kitchen carr a BOX. Constance is a chain smoker, and she sounds like i CONSTANCE (CONT’D) Adelaide. I put that “Dora the Explorer” on for you so you would sit and watch it.
19) 4) dialog: Brown cartoon characters -- you can’t tell the difference. Vivien doesn’t know what to make of this. Finally -- CONSTANCE (CONT’D) Hi. Hi. I’m Constance your neighbor -- the tear down next door. This is my girl Adelaide. Go home Addy. Now! Adelaide storms out. CONSTANCE (CONT’D) That girl is a monster. I love her and I’m a good Christian but Jesus A. (MORE )
19) 5) text: CONSTANCE (CONT’D) Christ, if they’d invented some of those tests a few years earlier...
19) 7) dialog: You left your back door open, though I have to warn you Addy seems to always find a way in. She’s got a bug up her ass for this place, always has. You got a dog?
19) 9) dialog: Better for me. I run a little kennel out of my house. Doggy day care kind of thing. Don’t bother calling the cops on me -- I’m in with one of the city managers and he always looks the other way.
19) 11) dialog: I’m gone. Brought this for you, housewarming. Addy wanted to cook you a pie but she tends to spit in the cooking so I figured this was better -- should help you get rid of some of the bad ju-ju. She hands Vivien the box. CONSTANCE (CONT’D) Those homosexual boys were nice enough and I say live and let live, but I can’t help but think that that lifestyle drove them to do what they did. (then) I can’t remember your name.
19) 13) dialog: Anyway, enjoy, relax, let me know if you need help with your pup. Glad you’re getting rid of that wallpaper. Thought those people were supposed to be stylish. She exits. Vivien can’t help but laugh a little at their oddity. She shakes her head, opens the box to see a TIGHT WOUND BUNCH OF SAGE. A beat, then -- through the window s sees Constance walking back to her house. CONSTANCE (CONT’D) (calling back) It’s Sage. For cleansing the spirits in the house. Too many bad memories in there.
49) 2) dialog: Can I smoke in here?
49) 7) dialog: She says that to everybody. Addie, say you’re sorry.
49) 20) dialog: Sorry about all this. (then, to Vivien, matter of factly) Touch my kid again, I‘1l break your goddamned arm. She leaves.