3) 7) dialog: Pretty much. Every other month. Dr. Day turns. REVEAL Vivien, gowned, on her back, her le in STIRRUPS. She’s pretty, forty, but she looks thirty fi
3) 8) dialog: I’m not complaining. After all of that blood. Day inserts his gloved fingers into Vivien, beginning his exam. She takes in a sharp breath.
3) 9) dialog: Ben hates blood.
3) 11) dialog: Sometimes. He inserts the speculum. She exhales. It hurts a little.
3) 13) dialog: A little. Thought maybe it was pre- menopause. He pulls out the speculum, takes off his gloves.
3) 15) dialog: I don’t know, it depends. When I’m alone it’s fine. He nods.
3) 17) dialog: You mean like getting pregnant?
3) 19) dialog: Well, I would like to go back on my birth control pills. He takes out her FILE. Writes --
3) 21) dialog: I don’t have sexual issues. (then) Maybe I’m just depressed. Day takes a beat, then keeps writing -- that’s not his fi of expertise.
3) 23) dialog: Wait, so I am going through menopause?
3) 27) dialog: I don’t let my family use plastic bottles or hold their cell phones to their ears, now you want me to put something in my body and not tell me side effects? Don’t they make those things with horse pee?
3) 29) dialog: The arousal issue is mine, not Ben’s. I’m just reconnecting with my body after what happened, I don’t want to give it away again.
3) 31) dialog: I’m not a house.
4) 0) text: Vivien comes home with GROCERIES. Goes into the KITCHEN. Starts unloading. Along with the food is a LITTLE PHARMAC bag. She pulls out the hormone pills and creams, looks at them, thinks, then HEARS A NOISE from upstairs. A piece o furniture being moved? Her eyes go wide. Then, the sound again, longer, louder. She’s TERRIFIED, dials the phone.
4) 4) dialog: No. My daughter is at school and my husband is at work. I think someone is robbing us. Someone robbed the brownstone next door two weeks ago. What do I do?
5) 0) text: ANGLE: on the gleaming knife at her side. More sounds. Vi slowly makes her way to the door, takes a deep breath and CREAKS it open. On her face, the blood rushing out of it. GIRL’S VOICE (0.S.) Oh shit. Vivien backs out into the hallway, almost goes over the railing. She’s going to throw up. Before she can, her husband, BEN comes out, naked. He’s 42, fit, handsome as is pretty.
6) 0) text: DRIVING OVER THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE, SIX MONTHS LATER. Ha SUNLIGHT through the windows. Ben’s driving. Vivien in the passenger seat, staring out the window. Th fifteen year old GOTH daughter VIOLET in the back with si month old DOG, HALLIE.
6) 2) dialog: The light is different from Boston. Feels like I can see more. I thought it was supposed to be all foggy.
6) 8) dialog: I don’t like that word, Violet. A beat, then Violet looks out the window. Thoughtfully --
8) 2) dialog: Gay? 10.
11) 1) dialog: Violet, will you go see what’s going on with Hallie? Violet storms out. Teenager. 11.
15) 0) text: Marcy shows Vivien and Ben the BEAUTIFUL GOTHIC LIBRARY.
15) 4) dialog: I was.
15) 7) dialog: This wallpaper is coming off. She goes to the wall, grabs a tiny PEELING PIECE of seagr wallpaper and gently pulls it off. It opens a small windo the ORIGINAL WALL, no bigger than a couple of postage sta
15) 8) dialog: I think there’s a mural under here.
15) 10) dialog: Oh God, one of them didn’t die in here, did they?
17) 0) text: Ben comes out the bathroom in his pajamas, happy. Vivien still unpacking, there are boxes everywhere. He comes in behind her, kisses her, she gently moves away.
17) 2) dialog: I’m worried about Violet. She’s right about kids being different out here. She can’t handle another year of not fitting in.
17) 4) dialog: It doesn’t freak you out at all? What happened here?
17) 6) dialog: But it’s not like some old lady died in here. A murder-suicide. Gives me the creeps just thinking about it.
17) 8) dialog: That’s your professional advice, doctor?
19) 0) text: Vivien drops the NEEDLE on an old record player. Classica cello plays as she sets out her INSTRUMENTS -- a large bo of water, scraping tool, small knife. Slowly and carefull she starts removing the old wallpaper. As she does, the GOYA-ESQUE MURAL begins to reveal itself She can’t quite make out the first image -- until she pul off one more sliver or paper to see -- A WOMAN, her face in pain, her body twisted and tortured. Vivien stares at the image, transfixed and disturbed when suddenly a HAND touches her shoulder. She jumps out of he skin, turns, sees ADELAIDE, the child with Down Syndrome saw earlier, now a woman in her forties.
19) 6) dialog: How did you get in my house?
19) 8) dialog: Yes. Is that a problem?
19) 10) dialog: Look, it’s very nice to meet you but I wasn’t really prepared for company.
19) 12) dialog: I didn’t tell you. I’m Vivien Harmon. 18.
23) 0) text: Ben rushes up the stairs, finds Vivien sitting on some ST of old newspapers. 19.
23) 3) dialog: Stop it. It’s not funny. But they laugh. A beat, then Violet peeks her head in.
23) 5) dialog: Get it out of here.
34) 0) text: Middle of the night. So quiet you can hear the buzz of th DIGITAL CLOCK. Ben and Vivien in bed. Suddenly, from abov we see BEN’S EYES SPRING OPEN. There’s no life behind the though. He gets up, SLEEPWALKING.
36) 1) dialog: Ben! Ben pulls his hand back, turns to see his wife. He’s stil not with it. 24.
36) 2) dialog: What are you doing? You’re naked. Come back to bed.
36) 4) dialog: No, you're sleepwalking. She leads him out, turns to look at the fire as she does catches a glimpse of the MURAL as we...
37) 0) text: Vivien hangs BEDSHEETS up on clothes lines, drying them. It’s peaceful, golden light, an easy breeze. A TALL WOMAN her sixties comes around into the backyard.
37) 1) dialog: Can I help you?
37) 3) dialog: I didn’t know the place came with one.
37) 5) dialog: I don’t like the chemicals in fabric softener and the organic ones don’t work. This is the only way to dry them without static cling. Moira’s impressed.
37) 7) dialog: I’m sorry, I’m just not sure if we need a maid.
37) 9) dialog: Murphy’s oil soap. 26.
37) 11) dialog: No.
38) 0) text: Vivien brings Moira some TEA.
38) 1) dialog: You worked for the previous owners?
38) 3) dialog: What happened? I mean, I hate to gossip.
38) 5) dialog: Ben, this is Moira O’Hara, she’s the last owner’s housekeeper. (MORE )
38) 7) dialog: Well, actually she’s been working here for years. Moira turns to greet Ben. Ben’s POV -- she’s a STUNNING TWENTY-FIVE-YEAR OLD. Tiny waist, succulent breasts.
38) 10) dialog: What do you think?
38) 12) dialog: She’s a bit of character but she’s also the first person I’ve met since we moved here that I actually like.
38) 14) dialog: I don’t know exactly. The point is that she knows the house, she seems honest and I could use the help. Ben is baffled. She smiles as Moira comes back in. Vivien talks to her so Moira is old again.
38) 15) dialog: Can you start tomorrow?
38) 17) dialog: (noticing something) What? Ben takes her in his arms.
39) 0) text: Vivien digs through the VANITY, finds the old PRESCRIPTIO BAG. Tears it open, removes the HORMONE REPLACEMENT MEDS Day gave her. She fills a cup with water, SWALLOWS A PILL
42) 0) text: Vivien carefully works the WALLPAPER off the wall. The mu is becoming more clear. A WOMAN is dragged into HELL by a GRINNING DEMON. A BEAUTIFUL MAIDEN is splayed out on a be with a MONSTER sitting on her chest. She tries not to tak the images in, she has a job to do. THE RUBBER MAN appears in the doorway behind her. SOMEONE put on the suit. He slowly moves towards her. POV -- from within the mask. His BREATHING. He’s almost u her. She’s oblivious -- Jesus fucking Christ, turn around Finally, she does --
42) 1) dialog: Violet! Can you take Hallie out? He’s gone. Nothing. She senses something odd, but then brushes it off, goes back to her work. INT. BEN’S HOME OFFICE -- DAY Tate is in session, Violet spies through a partially crac door. BEN’S VOICE Are you taking the medications?
43) 0) text: Vivien climbs the stairs. She pushes the door open with t knife, we see what was withheld from us. HER POV: Ben fuc a blonde GIRL in her earlier 20s. Ben looks at her, we se the pain in his face. The regret and self-loathing. INT. VIOLET’S ROOM -- DAY
44) 0) text: Vivien comes in, is shocked by Moira’s OLD LADY ASS. She’ her hands and knees, SCRUBBING THE FLOOR.
44) 1) dialog: Um...Moira, you don’t need to do that.
44) 3) dialog: Ok, well, Ben’s in the shower. While I’m gone will you finish unpacking the guest room and make up the bed?
44) 5) dialog: No, just want to finish settling in. She exits. Moira stares after her, smiles tightly.
48) 0) text: The kitchen, gleams, spotless. Vivien enters with a bag o groceries, takes a second to appreciate her ordered home. She sets the bag on a counter, takes out a jug of orange juice. There is the sudden firecracker sound of SNAP and POPS. Vivien jumps out her skin, turns and SCREAMS. ZOOM WIDE: every cabinet door and drawer HAS BEEN OPENED. Reveal Adelaide, giggling maniacally at the screen door. she covers her mouth, amused by the horror we...
49) 0) text: Adelaide sits quietly with her mother, looking intensely Hallie, who is eating her dinner in a corner. Vivien and sit across from them. Vivien leans in, intense.
49) 1) dialog: I want you to stay out of my house, do you understand?
49) 3) dialog: No. (then) Adelaide, answer me please. Adelaide suddenly looks up at them, like an innocent chil
49) 5) dialog: No. I want you to stop coming into my house and opening things and telling me I’m going to die.
49) 9) dialog: Who?
49) 12) dialog: Adelaide, listen to me. I want you to stop coming in my house without permission, am I clear?
49) 14) dialog: Am I clear?
49) 16) dialog: Thank you. She releases her. Adelaide goes to the door to leave, but then suddenly races over to pet the dog. Hallie, eating a territorial, bites her.
49) 18) dialog: (frantic) Are you okay? Adelaide stands there for a beat, her face darkens.
53) 0) text: Vivien works on her wall. She’s making progress, more ima are being revealed -- all of them depicting some form of PAIN, some of them with a strangely SEXUAL component. PUL BACK to reveal Ben, standing behind her, looking.
53) 2) dialog: I thought you had a patient.
53) 5) dialog: It’s weird -- I know it should but for some reason I find it kind of comforting.
53) 7) dialog: I think I just like that I don’t have to think while I do it. He stares at her, smiles. She doesn’t understand.
53) 9) dialog: I’m old. He puts down his scraper, moves in close --
53) 11) dialog: No, Ben. Okay? No. 40. She pulls away. A beat, then he SWEEPS all of her tools a water off the table. He’s in a RAGE.
53) 13) dialog: I’m not punishing you, you narcissistic asshole -- I’m having trouble forgiving you for sleeping with one of your goddamn patients! You want me to have sex with you? When I can’t even look at your face without seeing the look on it when you were pile driving her in our bed?
53) 15) dialog: I’m sorry, did the life you were growing die inside of your belly and did you have to carry that corpse inside of you? Did you have to go into labor? Give birth to your dead baby?
53) 17) dialog: And you buried your sorrow in some twenty-year-old’s pussy.
53) 19) dialog: My hero.
53) 23) dialog: Now it all makes sense. She was revenge.
53) 25) dialog: You're keeping track?
54) 1) dialog: Thanks. (off his look, smiling) Not for the sex, idiot.
54) 3) dialog: Giving up your practice, moving us out here, finding this house.
54) 5) dialog: I always wanted a house like this growing up. You’ve been to my parents house out on the Island. Post war prefab hell. The whole place rattled when you walked down the hall. I used to dream about old places like this. A place with a soul.
54) 7) dialog: I know it’s disturbing...like, deeply disturbing. (MORE )
54) 9) dialog: But I don’t know...something about it inspires me.
54) 11) dialog: To make art again...to play again. That gets his attention. Forget the sex, her playing musi again would be a true breakthrough.
54) 13) dialog: Relax, cowboy. If I want it, I’1l get it down myself. They share a smile, kiss.
54) 15) dialog: Me too.
55) 0) text: Vivien straightens up, hopeful for the first time in a lo time. Violet tries to sneak by unseen, fails.
55) 1) dialog: What happened to your face?
55) 3) dialog: (kind) Sit down.
55) 5) dialog: If you don’t clean those up properly they’1ll get infected.
55) 6) text: Fine. Vivien grabs a FIRST AID KIT, runs hot water on som hand towels, sits. Tends to Violet.
55) 7) dialog: Was it a girl or a boy?
55) 9) dialog: Hope they look worse. You know their names?
55) 11) dialog: You want dad and I to look into switching schools? There are some good private schools in the area.
55) 13) dialog: You’re not scared of anything. When you were in kindergarten you had me come pick you up from a sleepover party because the other girls insisted on keeping a night light on. Violet almost smiles.
55) 14) dialog: You got the short end of the stick with this one, kiddo. The move. Dad and I have been pretty hard to live with for a while now.
55) 16) dialog: We still love each other. 45.
55) 18) dialog: It’s all right -- he was a shithead. Shared smiles. Vivien finishes up. Violet starts out, tur
55) 20) dialog: Everything. (then) That’s why we’re not getting a divorce. You’re dad’s the only one who keeps me from feeling afraid all the time. Violet gets it, exits. Off Vivien -- INT. VIOLET’S ROOM -- DAY (LATER) Violet is pacing, in a teenage rage. Tate quietly watches she spews.
59) 0) text: Lit by a single LAMP. The silence broken by Vivien’s excessive SCRAPING. She peels off the LAST SCRAP of wallpaper. Stands back to take in the WALL.
61) 0) text: SLOW PULL BACK to finally reveal...The WALL -- if the Ant Christ had a Sistine Chapel, this is what would adorn the ceiling. It’s a painted prayer to PAIN. Vivien is oddly undisturbed by the images of torture, murder, RAPE. As she loses herself in the mural we see Ben SLEEPWALK be her, unseen, into the KITCHEN.
63) 0) text: A TOILET FLUSHES and Vivien, in her pajamas, comes out of bathroom, rubs lotion on her arms. Ready for bed. She looks up, jumps when she sees THE RUBBER MAN standing silently in the doorway. A beat, then a smile --
63) 1) dialog: Hot. I thought I told you to throw that thing away. The Rubber Man is silent.
65) 0) text: The Rubber Man just stands there. Vivien laughs.
65) 1) dialog: I have to admit, I’m giving you points for creativity. (then) You were pretty hot this afternoon. Wanna go for a two-peat? She gets into bed. Pulls off her pajamas. Rubber Man move towards her.
65) 2) dialog: You going to take the suit off? (off his head shake “no”) Okay, whatever, I can be kinky. The Rubber Man approaches, RIGHT INTO CAMERA.
67) 0) text: The Rubber Man, on top of Vivien. FUCKING HER. It feels s good, but it HURTS -- not just physically. She can feel t darkness of the Wall inside of her. Her head is back, a t rolls down her cheek. He FINISHES and stops moving.
69) 0) text: The Rubber Man is gone. Vivien pulls up her pajama pants. She’s emotional, vulnerable. Gets under the covers, turns the light as Ben enters, still SLEEPWALKING. He gets into bed. She rolls over. On her face.
69) 1) dialog: Good night. I love you. Ben stares off into space.
71) 0) text: Vivien takes her cello out of its case, looks at it. She hesitates, sits with it, slowly begins to play a John Cag solo. It’s passionate, full of all her unexpressed feelin An exorcism. INTERCUT the dramatic bowing of her cello wi
73) 0) text: Vivien’s solo moves toward a crescendo. The bow almost bu
75) 0) text: Vivien finishes. She’s flushed and smiling, this was a personal triumph for her. She hears the front screen door slam -- Leah exiting. Off Vivien, enjoying a moment of ra happiness -- INT. SAN FRANCISCO DOCTOR’S OFFICE -- DAY TIGHT on blood filling a syringe. As the draw continues -
75) 2) dialog: A little trouble sleeping, yes.
75) 4) dialog: I’m sorry?
75) 6) dialog: No. No hallucinations.
75) 8) dialog: A couple of weeks?
75) 10) dialog: Yes. Finally. It’s helped with that. Another laugh. The doctor finishes the blood draw.
85) 0) text: Ben sits at the table, stunned, shaken. Vivien enters, co up behind him, kisses him. It comforts him. He hides his burnt hand under the table.
85) 1) dialog: What do you want for dinner?
85) 3) dialog: She’s going out with some friends. They share a look -- really? Ben smiles.
85) 5) dialog: I’m kind of in the mood for Indian.