0) 5) text: Noise and fury. CAPTAIN BEATTY looks back from his seat, enjoying the expressions on the faces of his men -- tense exhilarated. He sees GUY MONTAG grinning into the wind.
0) 6) dialog: Good for you, Montag!
0) 8) dialog: That grin! The fierce grin of all men singed and driven back by flame!
0) 10) dialog: I know you do, son.
0) 13) dialog: An emperor of ancient China said: "History begins with me." (pause) He was wrong. History begins with us.
0) 23) dialog: Indeed. (turns to his men) There never is. They rush the door with RAMS, blowing through it like a f They swarm in, trailed by Beatty --
0) 24) dialog: Let me hear it, you men!
0) 31) dialog: And why is it good to burn? What does fire do?
0) 35) dialog: And why is that good, you men? What does that provide?
0) 39) dialog: Let me hear it!
0) 42) dialog: Again!
0) 50) dialog: Madam?
0) 53) dialog: ~ Mr. and Mrs....Mugniani? Did I pronounce that right? His eyes go to THREE SHRIEKING CHILDREN being herded into room by the firemen.
0) 54) dialog: And the three Mugniani children. Victor, Paul...and little Emily...
0) 56) dialog: Madam, please. We're not savages, after all. (to his men) Outside. The family is dragged out, the woman SCREAMING as she's p out the door...
0) 81) dialog: (glances up) Attic. How original.
0) 86) dialog: No, let the Hound deal with it. (raises his plasma screen) ) Montag? Injured?
0) 88) dialog: That's the spirit... (tapping his touch screen) ---hmmm. Our unexpected guest would be who? The nephew? Beatty's clipboard brings up an image of the young man's
0) 89) dialog: Ah, yes, here it is. Nephew. Joseph. (as data scrolls) Physiologicals...DNA...
0) 92) dialog: Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war.
0) 94) dialog: (smiles) It means: "Good boy. Fetch."
0) 99) dialog: Yes, why not? Give the neighbors a thrill. Good for public relations. Montag grins, waving the others toward the door...
0) 104) dialog: Pumpers! And double-timing into the shot are a DOZEN FIREMEN with kerosene pumpers on their backs, led by:
0) 120) dialog: Procaine. That should calm him down. He turns, motioning "proceed."
0) 122) dialog: Yes. Fire is bright. Fire is clean...
0) 125) dialog: ...fire sweeps away the clutter of the past. It is harmony...serenity... and light. It is our credo...our religion...
0) 128) dialog: ...and we are its high priests. We say mass at flashpoint. Deliver our benediction at four hundred and fifty one degrees of Fahrenheit. We soothe the world with our nozzles of chromium steel, absolve its sins with our sermons of heat. And when the sermon is done, we've turned sorrow and lies to ash, like alchemists and magicians of old. (beat) Let me hear it again, you men! Inspire me! Their voices boom again like cannons:
0) 136) dialog: Here's a good lesson for you children. You'll remember this. (brushes the little girl's cheek) Be good citizens.
0) 147) dialog: Heading home?
0) 149) dialog: Soon as I finish my report. You're mentioned. Damn fine work earlier, my boy. Well done.
0) 151) dialog: (smiles) Good night. Sleep the sleep of the just. Montag moves on. As he approaches the brass poles, he pas The Mechanical Hound. Lying in its firehouse kennel with head on its paws. Waiting. Patient as only a machine can Montag grabs a brass pole and plummets from view as we
0) 240) dialog: Yes? Hello?
0) 242) dialog: Montag? What's the problem, you sound strange... Montag gets to the bathroom, pulls Millie inside...
0) 246) dialog: Hold on. I'll use my priority code. I'll be off the line a moment. A CLICK. Montag keeps splashing her face, cleaning the vo from her mouth. He lets her sag, lays her down on the flo
0) 249) dialog: Hang in there, Montag. Help's on the way.
0) 356) dialog: Thank me no thankings, nor proud me no prouds. It's nothing.
0) 358) dialog: And how's Millie? Okay? (Montag hesitates) Tell me.
0) 360) dialog: Maybe that's a good thing. If she doesn't remember, I doubt she intended to harm herself. That's what's got you worried, yes? (Montag nods) She probably just lost track. It happens. Never happened to you?
0) 362) dialog: Really? I never knew that. Montag, I'm surprised at you. It's the shortcut to bliss, haven't you seen the ads? Everybody takes levelers.
0) 366) dialog: (wry) I like a little misery now and again. (Montag laughs softly) Ah, a smile, thank God. There's the old Montag. I was beginning to worry. Dillman dumps the last rat into the holding pen, raises h arms to quiet the men:
0) 370) dialog: I prefer sure things to guesswork. But thank you, Mr. Dillman.
0) 378) dialog: It's not just the incident last night, is it? There's something else troubling you.
0) 382) dialog: Perhaps I can make our human resources department available to you. Therapy, counseling...
0) 384) dialog: Well, I wasn't going to spill these beans just yet...
0) 387) dialog: ++. but I've decided to nominate you as my replacement when I retire. That means promotion. Captain Montag, how does that sound? I'll suggest they advance you some of those benefits. With your record, and your promising future, I'm sure DHS will see things my way. Montag is blown away by this news. Beatty leans in.
0) 390) dialog: You're special, Montag. Command caliber. That makes you a deeply valuable asset to this department.
0) 392) dialog: (smiles) Someday, my boy, all this will be yours. Including the rats... (his gaze shifts) .--oh, hell. A rat zips under their cot, the Hound in pursuit. They le to their feet as the Hound barrels between them, sending cot spinning into the air to the delighted howls of the m We hear a SQUEAL as the fifth rat is killed. Its data ent goes red, leaving one. The Hound pauses, awaiting further instructions. Amidst the jeers and laughter:
0) 398) dialog: Gentlemen, fun's over! Kindly dispose of the winner. Ormsby quickly enters a kill command. The Hound bounds ac the floor and pounces on the last SHRIEKING rat as we
0) 411) dialog: Madam. We have a warrant.
0) 417) dialog: Have you indeed?
0) 419) dialog: Name?
0) 421) dialog: (checks his screen) Mrs. Roland. I am Captain Beatty. We've received an anonymous tip...
0) 423) dialog: ...which empowers us by law to conduct a search for books.
0) 427) dialog: Montag. Have the men proceed, and see the lady out.
0) 431) dialog: Dear lady, let's have no foolishness. Accompany the fireman, he'll see you safely out. Please don't make me insist.
0) 433) dialog: According to whom? She pulls a book from her pocket, paging through it.
0) 438) dialog: That's an extremely obscure and seldom-invoked right .
0) 440) dialog: Montag. Scan the lady, if you please. Montag pulls his x-ray wand, running it up and down the w body. Beatty clicks his comlink...
0) 441) dialog: Control?
0) 448) dialog: You may stay until I order in the flamethrowers. That is when your right expires and you shall be removed for your own safety. Until then, Fireman Montag will remain at your side.
0) 457) dialog: Get on with it. AXES AND CHAINSAWS rip the walls... CEILINGS are torn open with long pikes... FLOORBOARDS are sundered with pry bars... SHELVES are overturned, furniture smashed...
0) 473) dialog: The flamethrowers are next. It's time to leave. She meets his gaze, her eyes watering from the fumes.
0) 475) dialog: (gently) Books aren't real. Only the law is real. Come on now.
0) 477) dialog: You know I can't allow that. Suicide is also against the law.
0) 480) dialog: I'm counting to ten. If you don't leave, my men will pick you up and carry you out. One...two...
0) 482) dialog: ...three...four...
0) 484) dialog: ...five...six...
0) 489) dialog: ...seven...eight...
0) 502) dialog: {calm, steely) Gentlemen, you heard the order. Evacuate. The others rush out, but Montag stays. He and Beatty keep backing slowly toward the door as:
0) 503) dialog: Allow me to appeal to your reason. Where's the sense in this?
0) 505) dialog: The world is fine, it's your mind that's upside down. See what those books have done to you?
0) 511) dialog: That would defeat the purpose now, wouldn't it? I'm certain Mrs. Roland will see reason, once she's had a chance to think it through. Isn't that right, dear? The old woman turns away, walking back to the center of t xoom, gazing around at the wreckage, the piles of books. tries to go back inside to grab her, but Beatty puts a restraining hand on his arm.
0) 514) dialog: Mrs. Roland? You've made your point. Given everyone a good scare. Well done. Time to come out now. She turns, facing them. A long look passes between them a her thumbnail tightens on the match head...
0) 519) dialog: Did everybody get out?
0) 531) dialog: Most of you have never seen a suicide. They were far more common in the old days. Just understand there is no accounting for unstable minds. You all followed protocol and did your jobs well. Nobody here is to blame. Glances are traded. Nobody feels good about what happened tonight. Softly:
0) 533) dialog: Then it's your fault? I see. Or is it mine, for failing to instruct you to scan her hair? I was officer in charge, after all. Blame, if any, lies with me. My report will say so. But Montag. I was not the old woman who stood in a house primed with kerosene and chose to light a match. Nor were you. Nor (MORE)
0) 537) dialog: were any of us. That act of insanity lies solely with her. Yes? Montag nods. Beatty motions to the group.
0) 538) dialog: Let's put it behind us. That gear isn't going to stow itself, is it? The men disperse, activity resuming as:
0) 542) dialog: All done?
0) 544) dialog: No. I mean, blaming yourself. All done? . Montag hesitates, nods. Beatty starts to move off, but:
0) 546) dialog: "Play the man, Master Ridley. We shall this day light such a candle, by God's grace, in England, as I trust shall never be put out." Some firemen nearby pause, startled.
0) 550) dialog: A man named Latimer said that to a man named Nicholas Ridley as they were being burnt alive at Oxford, for heresy, in 1555. (off their looks) Oh, I'm full of bits and pieces. Most fire captains are, after doing it enough years. The nonsense sticks to your boots like chewing gum. (to Montag) But nonsense is all it is. Romantic, foolish notions that appeal to feeble minds and justify idiot behavior such as suicide. (leans in, softly) Go home, Montag. Hug your wife. Beatty departs. Montag moves to the front of the Scooper connect the hydrogen fuel hose... ---and stops. There, lying in the scoop blade, are TWO BO that _got left behind when the last load was dumped.
0) 634) dialog: Sorry to hear you're sick.
0) 636) dialog: By all means, take it. Your health is important. Beatty pulls up a chair, sits at bedside, eyeing Montag.
0) 637) dialog: Mrs. Montag. Do take good care of our boy. Lots of rest, lots of fluids. We want him hale and hearty. She circles the bed, playing the good wife, putting on a of making Montag more comfortable, straightening the bedd
0) 639) dialog: I was worried about you. You and Dillman. You two seemed to take it the hardest. You know, he didn't go home last night. Montag's distracted and edgy -- now Millie's fluffing the damn pillows.
0) 641) dialog: He's gone missing. His wife says he never showed up. (off Montag's look) We've notified the police. I do hope he's okay. Montag's getting panicky as Millie tries to get at his pi to fluff it...
0) 650) dialog: Splendid, thank you. She moves stiffly to the door and exits. Beatty seems to right through Montag, then:
0) 651) dialog: I know what's going on.
0) 653) dialog: Some firemen see a woman burn and think, "well, that happened." They go home, have dinner, show up for work the next day. It's not so easy for others. Some firemen can hit a snag from time to time. A crisis. Doubts. Questions. It's ingrained in the job. That's why I'm here, to help you through it, if I can.
0) 655) dialog: Request clearance for private uplink.
0) 657) dialog: Beatty, Tiberius, fire captain, Phoenix Division.
0) 661) dialog: Where did it begin, you ask, this thing we do? How did it start? The TV room comes to life. We're surrounded by images, Mo and Beatty seemingly transported into the events on scree Book burnings. Many of these images were once black & whi but have since been digitally enhanced and colorized.
0) 662) dialog: They used to teach this stuff in the Academy. Gave the rookies a good grounding in fundamentals. Not so much anymore. Shame. As they watch: Bolsheviks burn decadent capitalist literature. The Nazi faithful hurl armloads of books onto raging bonf sending geysers of embers swirling into the air. Southern Baptists torch truckloads of Elvis and Beatles records, spicing the mix with armloads of "Catcher in the Rye," "Slaughterhouse Five," "Lolita." A veritable orgy of flame. Vonnegut. Wilde. Bradbury. Row Ellison. Shelley. Shaw. Heretics being burned at the stak
0) 664) dialog: It's nothing new, Montag, what we do. Admittedly, in the past, it's been unfocused. Haphazard. Disharmonious. Various special interest groups trying to get the better of other special interest groups whose special interests they disapproved of. Opinions flying like hand grenades. Books wielded like stone clubs to smash one another over the head with. Pundits flinging their precious thoughts like apes flinging feces through the bars of a cage.
0) 668) dialog: Every so often a book would come along and turn the world on its ear. Marx and his manifesto. Hitler and his Kampf. Before you know it, it wasn't just books being burned. It was people. Not just a crazy old woman with a kitchen match, but by the millions. Entire cities. (to the TV) Show me London. Dresden. Tokyo. Click, click, click -- images of cities being consumed in massive firebombings.
0) 669) dialog: Hiroshima. Nagasaki. Mushroom clouds suddenly rise before Montag's eyes like s being born. Beatty's pacing, watching, circling Montag.
0) 670) dialog: Books are dangerous, Montag. Lethal in their power. The book burners had the right idea, of course, but they never burned right. They burned to prove some selfish point, not for the greater goal of harmony and the good of mankind. And then...then came the start of this century. And the beginning of clarity. Images of 9-11 are shocking in their ferocity. The Twin T burn, tumble, collapse...
0) 671) dialog: Books were fine once upon a time, back when there was plenty of room, in the days of horse and cart. But the world became far too vast, too complex, too dangerous. Our agendas could no longer conflict, not if we were to survive. Pulling together for a common goal, that's what was required. Books and divisive philosophies need not apply. I won't stomach them for a moment, nor should you. The stakes were, and are, far too great. Millie enters with tea. Beatty takes a cup. The screens d increasingly futuristic forms of warfare in a wide variet lands. Floating hovertanks. Smarter and smarter bombs.
0) 675) dialog: Peace, Montag. Harmony, Montag. Security, Montag. Happiness. (to Millie) That's what everyone wants, isn't it, dear? Haven't you heard it all your life? I want to be happy, people say. Don't you? Doesn't everyone?
0) 677) dialog: That's us, Montag. The Happiness Twins. The Dixie Duo, you and I. We stand against those who want everyone unhappy and divided. I don't think you realize how important you are to the survival of our society. Recite the first two articles of faith from the fireman's manual.
0) 679) dialog: My God's better than your God. My morality is superior to yours. I disapprove of your life, your choices, your culture, your politics, your smell. A book is a loaded gun in the house next door. So? Into the incinerator with it. All men made equal. All men made happy. Blacks don't like "Little Black Sambo?" Burn it. Whites are ashamed of "Uncle Tom's Cabin?" Scorch it. "Johnny Got His Gun" demoralizing our troops and hindering the war effort? Render its ashes unto Caesar, lest the empire fall. (sits, faces Montag) We've been at war since before you and I were born. You did your military service as required, and with distinction. So did I. So must we all do our parts -- no ifs, ands, (MORE)
0) 682) dialog: or maybes -- or we shall lose someday. Our country, our people, our way of life -- that's what's at stake. (to the room) Enough. The screens go dark, silent. Beatty pulls out his lighter flicks it on-off, on-off. Admiring the flame. He looks at Montag with a twinkle in his eye.
0) 683) dialog: Tell you a little secret. I've read a few books in my day. I had doubts, too, as a younger man. Questions. I had to know what I was about. He draws a cigar from his inner pocket, applies the flame He puffs the Montag nods. Beatty rises
0) 685) dialog: And the more I read, the more I did know. I came to know the face of my enemy and the truth of my calling. Books, dear Montag, say nothing. They're good for one thing. The application of heat. Four hundred and fifty one degrees Fahrenheit, to be precise. cigar to life.
0) 687) dialog: Take a book home? His mouth is dry.
0) 688) dialog: A natural error. Curiosity alone. We don't get anxious or mad. We let the fireman keep the book for a day or two. If he hasn't burned it by then, well...we simply come and burn it for him. (off Montag's look) Fire is bright, and fire is clean. Feel better, my boy. I hope to see you back before too long. and exits past Millie hovering in the doorway.
0) 692) dialog: Thank you for the tea.
0) 812) dialog: (looks over) Some neighbors you had. Just never know, I guess. He's idly paging a book in his hands. Montag glances down and, with a jolt, realizes it's "Charlie the Choo Choo." The captain moves off, tosses it onto a roaring pyre of o books.
0) 824) dialog: I was skimming the city reports from last night. (nods to his computer) Had some excitement out your way? Just a few doors down, was it? (Montag nods) Rang up Jeffers at third district. He said you showed up barefoot in pajamas. Ready to pitch in and lend a hand, were you?
0) 826) dialog: This file goes back generations. A long line of misfits and oddballs. They were even homeschooling the daughter, you imagine? Stunning, the crap they got away with, wearing the masks of normal people. (beat) Ever meet them? A loaded question, posed casually. Montag knows it, too. keeps his tone conversational:
0) 973) dialog: You're late. Before Montag can utter a word: WHONK!WHONK!WHONK! The fi alarm. Deafening.
0) 974) dialog: Well, nevermind, just in time! Thank goodness, it's just not a fire without you! (turns, yelling)
0) 979) dialog: Montag, where's that grin?
0) 981) dialog: The fierce grin of all men singed and driven back by flame! Isn't this what we love? Isn't this what we do best?
0) 986) dialog: No worries. I've cleared it through channels. ...and Beatty glances back as CAMERA CONTINUES PAST HIM, closing on Montag. He's at a loss, trying to comprehend:
0) 989) dialog: At ease. We're dispensing with protocol. Tonight is a special occasion. Tonight we do things just a little differently. (glances up to Montag) Isn't that right? Feeling like a man in a dream, Montag steps down and walk forward to face Beatty.
0) 990) dialog: (announcing to all) No pumpers! No kerosene! No pretty beacon on the lawn! Tonight we get a special treat! A display of dedication and skill nonpareil! One man! One flamethrower! (locks eyes with Montag) Mr. Ormsby! Mr. Landers! Bring one down, if you please! Ormsby and Landers heft a flamethrower off its mount and it down from the truck, hustling it over as: The front door of the house bursts open and Millie hurrie down the walk, dressed for travel and dragging a suitcase
0) 992) dialog: Don't blame her, Montag, not for your stupidity. Montag, stunned, meets her as she reaches the curb. She's exried out, looking back at the house:
0) 999) dialog: Officers. A domestic dispute. Would you please see after Mrs. Montag? Take her where she wants to go? As Millie is helped away, Beatty snaps his fingers at Orm and Landers. They sling the flamethrower onto Montag's ba tightening straps and snapping buckles as:
0) 1000) dialog: Don't look so shocked. You didn't leave her much choice, did you? Poor thing was terrified. It was the third alarm she called in. I ignored the first two, told her to be patient. Said you'd come around. What a sad disappointment you are. How are those straps, secure? Let's get that pilot lit. Montag activates the gas feed. Beatty himself applies the igniter. A gentle flame blooms.
0) 1001) dialog: Now. Let's finish what you started. They march toward the house, Beatty and Montag, as the ot watch. Beatty turns back, calling to them... .
0) 1002) dialog: Break out some windows! Let's get some cross ventilation! --and in that moment, Montag sneaks the "seashell" from h pocket and slips it in his ear.
0) 1011) dialog: Funny how that works. Everybody thinks, everybody is absolutely certain, that nothing will ever happen to them. Others die, I go on. Others get caught, not me. Consequences? Never. Except sometimes there are. And by the time they catch up, it's too late.
0) 1015) dialog: You're a well read man, how about a few well-chosen quotes? No? Allow me. "Day of wrath, O day of mourning! See fulfilled the prophet's warning! Heaven and earth in ashes burning!" (bellows)
0) 1020) dialog: 
0) 1022) dialog: That's the ticket, well done! You can't tell me that didn't feel good! All your sins washed away with good cleansing fire! Onward, Montag! Lead the way!
0) 1025) dialog: Something here you'd like to burn? The sorrow of past regrets? The stench of failure? That blow-dried imbecile and his chattering hag? Montag pulls the trigger. The FIRE BURSTS FORTH, hitting screens and imploding them. The vacuum sucks fire in and belches it out again, plastic igniting as the babble of t Family gives way to the HIDEOUS SHRIEK OF MELTING SPEAKER THE BEDROOM: Montag stares at the bed he shared for years with his wife. WHOOOQOOSH! Up it goes, a funeral pyre... THE KITCHEN: WHOOOOOSH! Table, countertop, appliances -- THE HALLWAY: A flaming corridor. Beatty and Montag retrea the front door, Montag laying down BLASTS OF FLAME...
0) 1027) dialog: (gentle) Bad dream's over. Fire and smoke.
0) 1034) dialog: No.
0) 1041) dialog: From the start. Montag, you idiot. Our Hound smelled the books on you. He raises his plasma screen clipboard, punches in a playb command, turns it so Montag can see. On it, a recording: THE HOUND'S POV: We've seen this moment before -- Montag around the firetruck the night he took the first two book freezing in his tracks as he encounters the beast.
0) 1042) dialog: {enters new command) So I checked the surveillance cams. Lo and behold. A new image pops up. From a hidden ceiling cam, we see Mo pulling the first book out of the Scooper blade. Beatty f the image, tracking it in for a TIGHT CLOSEUP.
0) 1043) dialog: "Charlie the Choo Choo?" You threw it all away -- your career, your marriage, your life -- for goddamn "Charlie the Choo Choo?"
0) 1046) dialog: Really? The man nods. Beatty sends him off, turns back to Montag. There's a new look in Beatty's eye -- hungry, vengeful.
0) 1047) dialog: I gave you every chance. Tried to woo you, reason with you. I even sent the Hound to sniff around your house at night and throw a scare into you. Even that didn't work... (cocks his head) -.-though it did get your neighbors burned out and on the run. Yes, your fault. All your fault. (closing on him) You dense...arrogant...traitorous... ungrateful little bastard. Beatty stuns Montag by hauling off and slapping him hard the ear (the one with the seashell in it). WHAP!
0) 1050) dialog: After all I did for you. After the kindness I showed. WHAP! Another slap across the same ear. Montag clutches t side of his head in agony --
0) 1051) dialog: I vouched for you. Put my professional standing on the line for you. This is how you repay me? And betray me? WHAP! Beatty slaps him a third time -- only this time use his other hand. The blow rocks Montag's head, and: The seashell flies from his ear, skittering onto the pave
0) 1055) dialog: Your pal Faber? (off Montag's shock) Of course I know! I've been tracking your every step! There are cameras on every street corner of this city, you moron! And Faber's been under surveillance from the moment his nephew went on the run! (raises his clipboard) We have you talking to him in the park! Entering his building! Chatting on the roof! Want to see? Or are you willing to take my word for it?
0) 1057) dialog: Go ahead, yell. He can't hear you. We've jammed the transmission. (closing in) The next thing Mr. Faber knows, the police will be kicking his door in. WS Want to go over there, just to see the look on his face? Oh, dear, I almost forgot. You'll be in custody yourself. For treason and sedition. (stops before him) If you're through making a fool of yourself, you're under arrest. Beat. Montag stands pinned in Beatty's gaze. And then: CLICK. He works the safety catch on the flamethrower. The flame billows up with a gentle hiss. Beatty goes stiff, eyes widening slightly. And he smiles.
0) 1058) dialog: Well, that's one way to get an audience. Hold a gun on a man and make him listen to your speech. Well, speech away. What'll it be this time? Why don't you belch Shakespeare at me? "There is no terror, Cassius, in your threats, for I am armed so strong in honesty that they pass me as an idle wind, which I respect not!" How's that? Go ahead, you trembling little prick. Pull the trigger.
0) 1063) dialog: Hand it over, Montag. You're done. Beat . WHOOOOOOOOSH! An ERUPTION OF FIRE leaps out and hits Beat square in the chest, a searing fist of flame that grips h envelops him, drives him back, blows him off his feet. Beatty sails through the air on a booster of fire, a blaz shrieking scarecrow. He lands on his back in a flaming he arms flailing and legs drumming...and then goes still. A hush falls. For an extended moment the scene is a table everybody frozen, faces slack with unspeakable shock. IN THE CONTROL VAN _ t., They can't believe what they just saw on their screens.
0) 1129) dialog: Pinpoint it before you lose it. And I mean to the square yard. The dispatcher clicks the image down closer and closer... the round building is prominent in frame.
0) 1235) dialog: (on headset) Target acquired. Repeat, target is acquired.
0) 1249) dialog: Going live?