14) 1) dialog: Mom? Muldoon's eyes shoot to the door. Quickly, she turns off TV and hides the gun under the bed. She wipes the tears f her face and calls back.
22) 1) dialog: What are you looking at? She turns, her son standing there in the doorway.
22) 3) dialog: What is it? She looks to the gruesome photos on the table,
26) 0) text: Burke sits at the enormous table in the middle of the conference room. Goodman wheels in a television on a cart
28) 0) text: Goodman sits on the couch with Burke watching a movie. Bu has fallen asleep. The front door opens and Muldoon walks Noticing that Burke is asleep, she’s quiet as she enters. She whispers.
34) 0) text: She steps into the dark hallway and looks around. Nothing She goes to Burke’s room and quietly opens the door. But Burke is fast asleep. She looks around the room. Still nothing. She continues on through the house. But room after room, there's nothing there. She sighs, chuckles to herself, an heads back to the bedroom. 51 52 53 54 46.
43) 1) dialog: Are you okay Mom? Muldoon is taken aback by the question.
43) 3) dialog: I don’t want to lose you too. The sentiment breaks Muldoon’s heart. She pulls her son i close.
80) 0) text: Burke sits at the table, a birthday cake adorned with sev candles in front of him. Goodman and Muldoon stand on eit side of the boy.
85) 0) text: Muldoon steps down the hallway to her son's room. The onl light on in the house is the light in the hallway. She opens Burke’s door and looks inside. He's alone in th room and fast asleep in bed. Muldoon turns to leave quietly, but all of a sudden the T turns on in the living room. The volume all the way up. The cacophonous burst of noise startles Burke awake. He l open his groggy eyes.
85) 1) dialog: What's going on? Confused, Muldoon looks down the hallway into the rest of house.
91) 11) dialog: (over the phone) Hi! You've reached the Muldoons.
92) 0) text: Muldoon sits at the edge of her bed staring off. Burke’s cheery voice emits from the answering machine.
92) 1) dialog: (on the answering machine) We can’t come to the phone right now, but you can leave us a message after the beep. Muldoon is motionless, paralyzed. BEEP.
93) 0) text: The school bus pulls up and stops in front of the Muldoon house. Burke steps off the bus and heads towards the hous passing his mother’s car parked in the driveway.
94) 0) text: Burke walks in through the front door and calls out.
94) 1) dialog: Mom? It's quiet. He closes the door and hangs up his jacket. H calls out once more.
94) 2) dialog: Mom? Still nothing. He looks around the room. Nothing seems ou place, but the TV is still on.
94) 3) dialog: Frank? The little boy waits and still there’s no response, He wa over to the TV across the room and shuts it off. As the house goes quiet, he hears Frank whimpering down t hall. Burke turns the corner and sees Frank at the other of the hallway. The dog is whimpering, desperately scratching at the door Muldcon's bedroom. Slowly, the young boy walks down the hallway.
94) 4) dialog: What's wrong bud? The bedroom door is so scratched, we can only imagine how long the panicked dog has been here like this. Burke trie the door knob, but it’s locked. He calls through the door.
94) 5) dialog: Mom? There's no response. He tries the door again.
94) 6) dialog: Mom? 125 102. The dog keeps scratching at the door, crying. The young b shakes the knob in his nervous hands. BURKE (CONT’D) Mommy?!