13) 10) dialog: What’s wrong?
13) 12) dialog: Okay, well let me help you look. Melinda shrieks.
13) 14) dialog: Okay, okay. Baby? Baby? You're okay. You're okay. She sits Melinda down on the ground, while trying to hold girl by the wrists to prevent her from further hurting herself. But Melinda keeps screaming. Fiona, now on the ground reaches over to the bed and pull pillow to the floor. She lays Melinda’s head onto the pil and holds her arms on the ground beside her. But Melinda keeps screaming. And with her arms restrained her body thrashes wildly. FIONA (CONT‘D) Please baby. It’s okay. It’s okay. But she keeps thrashing.
13) 15) dialog: Oh god. Sam? Sam?! 20. No response as the little girl keeps screaming and thrash FIONA (CONT‘D) Sam?! Please?! Where are you?! Fiona on all fours trying to keep the little girl down,
13) 16) dialog: Please baby. You're okay. SAM?! But the thrashing continues. Finally, Fiona lays her body weight down on the girl in a attempt to restrain her. The adult woman lays on the little girl.
13) 17) dialog: Shhh. Shhh. Shhh. And the little girl calms down. Still in a state of high anxiety, Fiona pants as she knee and gets up off her daughter. She turns and sees SAM (45) standing in the doorway. She gasps, momentarily startled by hin.
13) 18) dialog: Jesus. She puts her hand to her heart, trying to calm down.
13) 19) dialog: How long have you been standing there? The man is slight and balding. He just stands there looki at her. FIONA (CONT‘D) Were you just standing there watching? Fiona looks at him disgusted. She shakes her head.
39) 0) text: But all the while, Detective Wilson lays in his bed, his wide with fear. Melinda and Fiona Landers in the corner, staring back at him. He struggles, screaming, desperately trying to get away. bound in his chains, he can hardly move, let alone get aw And so they taunt him. INT. MULDOON’S CAR - NIGHT 58 Muldoon drives home from the hospital. Every so often she pass a car, 59 49. But for the most part, she’s the only one on the road. Th night is dark and the car's headlights cast harsh shadows the trees at the side of the road. She‘s deep in thought, rattled from the encounter with th man at the hospital. She stares at the road, the trees passing by hypnotically. And then she sees what looks like a pregnant woman crawli from the treeline at the side of the road. But only for a moment. As she drive's quickly past, she’s gone. Startled, she looks back in the rear-view mirror. Nothing darkness. She turns back to the road ahead of her and tak deep breath, regaining her calm. But standing there in the middle of the road is a little girl. Muldoon swerves to avoid the child, coming to a screeching halt at the side of the road. She throws open the car door and gets out, looking for th child she’d nearly hit. But as she looks around, there’s one in sight.
44) 2) dialog: We have no choice. She put a pencil through that boy’s hand. We're lucky the parents aren't suing us! Sam shakes his head.
44) 4) dialog: There were other kids who saw her do it.
44) 7) dialog: They want us to take her to a doctor.
44) 9) dialog: You and I both know there's something not right with her. On the brink of rage, he’s adamant.
44) 11) dialog: You have to stop denying it. He's done with the conversation.
46) 0) text: Fiona and Sam walk into the waiting room as Nina Spencer escorting out Detective Muldoon. In the small waiting are the Landers take a seat by the window while Nina and Muld exchange their goodbyes.
50) 0) text: Peter steps into the upstairs bathroom. The same black st he‘d seen downstairs are scattered about the floor and th ceiling is a rotten mess of black mold. Peter flips the l switch on the wall, but the lights don’t come on. He looks down into the bathtub and sees the mess of scrat and grooves left by a circular saw. The porcelain mangled with jagged scars. Then, that sound again, that horrible wheezing hiss. The sound crawls up his spine, chilling him to the core. His heart starts to race. His mouth dry, his legs weak, h can’t catch his breath. But the wheeze slowly becomes the sound of swarming flies. He turns towards the sound. Flies are swarming from the closet in the wall behind him. He creeps closer to the cl doors, left open only ever so slightly. The sound of the flies swarming growing louder and louder opens the door and more flies swarm out of the closet, fl to freedom. Inside the closet, is a small door in the ceiling leading a crawl space overhead. At the edges of the door in the ceiling, a whole nest of flies has made home in the crevi Swarming and crawling all over it. Peter swats his way to the door above him and pushes it o It flings open with a thud. More flies flood from the sha of the crawl space. He steps into the closet and peers hi head up into the darkness. 73 61. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (CRAWL SPACE) —- NIGHT 73 Peter looks around in the small crawl space. It’s so dark that he can’t be sure, but it looks like there is somethi laying a few feet in front of him. A large heap of someth Swarming with flies. As his eyes adjust, he thinks he can make it out. Somethi wrapped in plastic. He reaches into his pocket and takes his phone. He flips it open, using the dimly illuminated screen as a flashlight. And then he sees her. Chopped up. Mangled. Parceled into four translucent garba bags. Fiona Landers’ decaying, pregnant, maggot ridden corpse. Her lifeless eyes, forever open.
50) 2) dialog: She needs help, Sam! There's clearly something wrong with her!
50) 4) dialog: Nothing wrong? Nothing wrong?! You're not the one up with her when she wakes up six times a night. She's screaming at him at the top of her lungs.
50) 5) dialog: You're not the one in the office at school talking to her teachers, having to look them in the eye and listen to all the shit she’s done and then apologize for it! It's blood curdling. Choking back the sobs as she screams shrieking. She can’t control herself.
50) 6) dialog: You're not the one who lays on top her when she starts hitting herself and can't stop! You're not there Sam! You're not fucking there! And then it’s quiet. And calmly he asks:
50) 8) dialog: Me, Sam? ME?! Melinda just sits there listening to it all.
50) 9) dialog: How dare you. CUT TO BLACK. 75 76 63. TITLE CARD: “THE MATHESONS” INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (BEDROOM) — NIGHT 75 We know it as the Landers’ house That mid-century modern ranch at the end of the cul-de-sac. But it’s now home to new family, THE MATHESONS. Faith Matheson thrashes desperately on the floor. Her eye rolled back in her head. Her frail limbs flailing helples Her husband WILLIAM MATHESON (72), sits on the floor, hol her body in his arms. The embrace is warm and loving. He whispers.
70) 0) text: She flicks on the light switch. But the lights don’t work She tries again. But still nothing. She sighs, closes the door and locks it behind her. She sits down on the toilet in the dark room. There’s something unsettling about being in the small dark room i the middle of the night. The only light coming from the m through the window. 98 83. When she's done, she stands at the sink and washes her ha She avoids the mirror in the dark. Then she hears somethi The sound of someone breathing. Behind her. She looks up, accidentally staring back at her reflection the mirror. But there’s no one in the room with her. She breathes deeply. Feeling a sudden sense of unease. Sh turns and peers out the window. The backyard is dark and empty. Blanketed in harsh shadow The grass is tall and unkempt, blowing in the breeze. Just then, she notices the crying has stopped. She unlock the door and pushes it open. But the moment she opens the door, a woman screams. Fiona Landers screaming in the middle of the hallway, her back Lorna. Lorna quickly tucks back into the room. Her heart racing panic. The screaming stops. But Lorna can hardly catch he breath. Slowly, she leans into the doorway and peers into the hallway. The woman is gone. Lorna steps back into the hallway. She doesn’t notice, but as she goes, there’s a shadow of small girl standing on the other side of the shower curta just behind her.
74) 0) text: Upstairs in the bedroom, Faith still has that wide-eyed comatose look on her face as she lays in bed. But the loo her eyes is now filled with terror. 102 86. Because Fiona Landers is laying on top of her. Their face inches apart. The pregnant woman’s lips parted. That gruesome, seeping wheeze oozing from her tattered lungs. Thick, black, fetid tears drip from her eyes onto Faith Matheson'’s frozen cheeks. The old woman paralyzed with f
79) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, Sam. I'm sorry. Melinda screams and wails. But her parents aren’t listeni CUT TO BLACK. 109 110 gl. TITLE CARD: “GOODMAN & MULDOON”
82) 0) text: Muldoon has fallen asleep on the couch in the living room front of the TV. She stirs awake and looks around disoriented. She gets up and turns off the TV. She shuts off the lights in the living room and then the hallway, room by room, sending the house into darkness. In the kitchen, she goes to the thermostat and turns up t heat. She flicks the lights switch and the kitchen goes d She looks to the sliding doors across the room, leading t the dark backyard outside. They’re unlocked. She walks through the dark kitchen towards the large glas doors. She reaches for the lock and turns it. As she does she peers outside into the darkness. 113 114 93. There, standing in the shadows, looking back at her throu the glass doors is Fiona Landers. Just staring at her. He heart skips. Quickly, she flicks on the light illuminating the backyar But there’s no one there. She catches her breath, shakes off, and walks out of the room. But there in the shadows in the corner of the room. Is li Melinda Landers. Sitting on the floor. Rocking back and forth.
97) 0) text: The inside of the home is nice; nothing overly elegant, b there’s a definite taste and style to the decor. Children toys and smiling family photos indicate nothing but the l of an ordinary family. A mother, a father, and a young daughter. The hallway. The kitchen. The living room. Moving boxes litter the rooms. We know the house well. But there’s something different about it. No sign of Peter Spencer anywhere. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - DAY 128 Fiona rushes into Melinda’s bedroom. Her heart racing,
97) 1) dialog: Baby, come on, we have to go. Before daddy gets home. Fiona rushes to the window and looks out to the street.
97) 3) dialog: We're going on a trip. But we have to go right now. Fiona gets Melinda’s doll from the dresser and hands it t her.
97) 4) dialog: Here’s Lisa. We need to go to the car now, okay baby? 129 104. Fiona goes to the closet and takes out a small, already packed duffle bag. Fiona’s energy starts to make Melinda nervous. Fiona sees She rushes to the girl and hugs her.
97) 5) dialog: Shh. Its okay baby, it’s gonna be okay. I’m going to get you out of here. I love you so much. Everything will be okay. I promise. Just then the front door swings open downstairs with a sl Fiona’s eyes dart to the doorway.
97) 7) dialog: Stay in here baby. Okay? Whatever you do, don’t come out unless its me. Okay? Melinda hides in the closet and Fiona rushes into the hallway.
98) 0) text: Fiona darts out of the bedroom, closing the door behind h But as she turns to continue down the hall. Sam is right there behind her.
98) 2) dialog: We're leaving. He stops her.
98) 4) dialog: What do you think I mean? Sam stands there stunned. 105.
98) 6) dialog: Watch me. Finally she pushes past him.
98) 8) dialog: Our daughter needs help. And you won’t let me help her. He stands there heartbroken, angry, distraught. FIONA (CONT’D) We're leaving, Sam. For good this time. Fiona pants through her adrenaline wall of tears as Sam’s rage starts to brew.
98) 9) dialog: I’m taking her. And I’m going to get her help Sam starts towards her. His heart racing. His blood start to boil. His face red with fury, waiting to explode.
98) 11) dialog: You're a coward, Sam. You're weak. That sends him over the edge.
98) 13) dialog: What? Sam pushes his wife down the stairs. 130 106. The pregnant woman topples down the staircase. Step after step after step. Her body breaking and contorting at the joints. A look of confusion and sadness on her face as she falls. Never did she think it would come to this. And then she stops. Breaking her neck at the bottom of the steps. Sam's face is still red with rage. He pants like an anima Nearly unable to catch his breath, He hasn’t yet noticed the tears in his eyes, for the wall the adrenaline put up by the rage as dulled all his sense He staggers down the hallway to Melinda’s bedroom, INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA‘S BEDROOM) 130 This whole time, Melinda has been hiding in her closet. Terrified, clinging to her doll. Its quiet through the house. All she can hear is that sou that we've heard so many times before. That ominous sound The chilling, wheezing sound, seeping from the pierced lu and broken ribs of Fiona Landers’ dying body. Melinda holds her doll close. Just then, she hears the door to her bedroom open. The cl door is open just ever so slightly.
99) 0) text: An old home movie plays on the TV in the living room. On tape, it's Christmas morning. Wrapped presents beneath th decorated tree. Fiona, four months pregnant, sits on the floor beside Melinda. Fiona turns to the camera, a huge smile across h face.
99) 1) dialog: Sam, are you filming? A man’s voice from off camera:
99) 3) dialog: Okay, open it Melinda! 132 133 109. The little girl tears away the wrapping paper with feveri excitement. She tosses off the wrapping and reveals a box with a doll inside,
101) 0) text: He heads up the stairs to the second floor. He steps down long hallway. He pushes open the door at the end of the h and flicks on the light. A bathroom. He looks around the small tiled room. He bends down in th corner, plugging the saw into an outlet. He stands and wa over to the bathtub. He kneels down beside it. And starts ery. He can hardly look at what he’s done. He starts the spinning blades of the saw, leans into the and begins to saw the lifeless, pregnant body of Fiona Landers. He sobs as he does it. 134 135 136 137 1lo.
102) 0) text: Sam hides the bags filled with Fiona’s dismembered body i the crawl space.
107) 0) text: Fiona’s dismembered corpse remains parcelled away in plas bags in the crawl space. Her eyes forever open. And time passes. A little over a week. And we watch as he body decomposes in time-lapse. Transitioning to the way w saw it when Peter discovered it. And then Peter is standing there looking at it, having ju found the body in the fly-ridden crawl space. Just where left him. Half out of his mind with fright, he tumbles back down in the Landers’ master bedroom. 140 112.
108) 2) dialog: (on the answering machine) Hi! You've reached the Landers! We can’t come to the phone right now, but leave your name and number after the beep and we'll get back to you as soon as we can! BEEP.
112) 0) text: EMTs carry Fiona and Melinda out of the house in body bag Wilson passes the last of them on his way into the house. steps into the entryway and looks around. He walks slowly down the hallway, taking note of everythi Eventually, he makes his way to the living room. Alone in house, he takes it all in. He notices something across the room. Atop the mantle, si family photo of the Landers family. He walks over and tak closer look. Fiona, Melinda, and Sam. All smiling. All happy. An odd quiet comes over the house. And then that horrible sound. That chilling, wheezing sound... That seeped from the pierced lungs and broken ribs of Fio Landers’ dying body futilely clinging to life. CcuT TO BLACK.
113) 0) text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the w Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged in massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up t on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sa As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s, other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Dri Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.