15) 0) text: DETECTIVE GOODMAN (55), weathered and unkempt, stands at mirror getting dressed for work. The bedroom’s decor is o world and matronly. The lacy curtains don’t seem to suit man this gruff. He ties his tie with disgruntled precision, watching his hands in auto-pilot as he does it. INT. GOODMAN’S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) — DAY 25 Goodman sits on the couch eating a bowl of cereal watchin “The Price Is Right". He‘s got a napkin tucked into the collar of his shirt like a bib to protect his button down shirt. He smokes a cigarette, taking puffs between bites. The walls are covered in photos that must be decades old. Every photo, child and teenage Goodman with his Mother. Religious paraphernalia lines the shelves, everything fro Virgin Mary statues to Rosary Beads and candles. But the room is littered with old medical equipment. An o hospice bed with the sheets still on it, bed made. A few oxygen tanks sitting by its side, atop each tank an emphy mask.
16) 0) text: Detective Goodman sits in his car in the Police Station parking lot. He finishes the end of his cigarette as he watches the officers file into the precinct, starting the day. He reaches for the glove compartment and removes a s of mass cards and Saint pendants. He puts them into the s pocket above his heart, tosses the cigarette butt out the window, and gets out of the car. 27 28 23.
17) 0) text: Goodman stands at the counter pouring a cup of coffee.
17) 2) dialog: Can’t call ‘em chicks anymore. Goodman stirs his coffee as he looks out to the bull pen of young officers on the other side of the window in the kitchen. Greco walks over and stands by his side taking i the sight.
17) 4) dialog: Which one is she? Greco shrugs.
18) 0) text: Goodman walks into the bull pen. He stands and looks arou at the officers bustling around the room crowded with des It's loud, but Goodman shouts over the noise.
18) 1) dialog: Muldoon! He looks around, expecting someone to respond. He tries again, louder this time.
18) 2) dialog: Which one of you is Muldoon? 29 24. Muldoon pops up at the sound of her name. She stands, loo around for who called her. She looks frazzled. Overwhelme and out of her element.
19) 0) text: They drive down small suburban streets, stopping every so often for a stop sign or pedestrian. Goodman drives, stoi and silent. The lack of interaction makes Muldoon nervous Finally, Goodman breaks the awkward silence.
19) 1) dialog: You smoke? Muldoon shakes her head.
19) 3) dialog: Mind if I smoke?
19) 5) dialog: How you likin’ it round here?
19) 7) dialog: That it is. Job‘1l be a piece of cake after your last beat, though. We rarely get shit out here like you got in the city. They turn off the street onto a small dirt service road. drive through a path cut through the trees in the woods. GOODMAN (CONT’D) Welcome to the middle of nowhere. About a mile into the woods, Goodman nods to the mess of emergency vehicles in a clearing up ahead.
19) 8) dialog: We‘re here. 30 25.
20) 0) text: The scene is already buzzing with cop cars and ambulances Goodman and Muldoon head into the chaos. Uniformed office escort the detectives under the tape line surrounding the scene. At the center of the hubbub is a car. It looks untouched. though it just stopped in the middle of the road. As they approach, they realize what‘s caused such a stir. Inside the car, is a woman in her sixties, her seat belt still buckled. But her decaying body is bloated, broken a every joint, and twisted into a macabre human knot. Her e wide open in fear. Goodman is stoic at the sight while Muldoon tries to hide horror.
20) 3) dialog: Gruesome, huh?
20) 5) dialog: Got an ID on her yet?
20) 8) dialog: Why'd it take so long to find her? 26.
20) 10) dialog: No one came looking for her?
20) 14) dialog: Find anything on her?
20) 17) dialog: Anything else? Muldoon watches the exchange. She's suspicious. 27.
20) 19) dialog: We'll see.
21) 0) text: Goodman and Muldoon head back to the car.
21) 2) dialog: What?
21) 4) dialog: Worked a case there. Sorta stuck with me. Just strange to see it pop up again.
21) 6) dialog: It was open and shut. This is just a weird coincidence. They drive off. Muldoon can tell that Goodman is hiding something. 32 33 28.
25) 0) text: Goodman sits at his desk. He looks up at the clock. Greco walks past.
25) 1) dialog: Muldoon in yet?
25) 5) dialog: Relax. Me and the kid’ll find something to do.
26) 0) text: Burke sits at the enormous table in the middle of the conference room. Goodman wheels in a television on a cart
26) 1) dialog: You like movies? Burke nods.
26) 2) dialog: Not a lot of options. He looks down at the two DVDs in his hand. Se7en and 48 Hours. He laughs. He tosses aside Se7en and puts the 48 H disc into the DVD player.
26) 3) dialog: Guess this’ll be fine.
27) 0) text: Goodman walks out of the police station for the day and h to his car. On his way through the parking lot, he notice Muldoon.
27) 2) dialog: Ey! Language! He gestures to Burke giggling in the back of the car.
27) 4) dialog: That’s what you get for driving a piece of shit. He's trying to be funny.
27) 6) dialog: What's the problem? She's pissed.
27) 8) dialog: Doesn’t sound like the battery. She sighs.
27) 10) dialog: Who’s watching the kid? 39 40 32.
27) 12) dialog: Come on.
28) 0) text: Goodman sits on the couch with Burke watching a movie. Bu has fallen asleep. The front door opens and Muldoon walks Noticing that Burke is asleep, she’s quiet as she enters. She whispers.
28) 2) dialog: Good. Fell asleep after ten minutes. Missed a damn fine movie. She smiles.
28) 4) dialog: Yeah. Of course. INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BULL PEN) -— DAY 40 It’s early in the morning, and the detectives and other officers have started to file in for the day’s work. Muldoon sits at her desk looking through a case file labe “LANDERS”. Greco walks over and looks over Muldoon’s shou at the folder in front of her.
28) 8) dialog: How’s the kid?
28) 10) dialog: Good.
28) 12) dialog: Not our case anymore. Feds took over last night.
28) 14) dialog: Nothin’ I could do. Already went through the fifth floor.
28) 16) dialog: Listen, drop it. It’s not our case.
28) 18) dialog: Let it go. Not our case. Detective Greco comes back over as Goodman walks away. Gr looks over to Muldoon and chuckles. 34.
33) 1) dialog: I heard you the first time. 48 40. Muldoon waits and finally Goodman comes to the door. Disgruntled, Goodman opens the door and peers out at Muld blankly. GOODMAN (CONT’D) What‘’xe you doing here? Goodman looks at the blood all over Muldoon's clothes. GOODMAN (CONT’D) What happened to you? Muldoon looks down, she’d forgotten how bad she looked.
33) 3) dialog: Who’s is it?
33) 5) dialog: Ahh, shit. INT. GOODMAN’S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 48 Muldoon sits with Goodman in the living room, surrounded the medical equipment.
33) 6) dialog: It's been months now, but... just one of those cases. The room is dark, lit only by the lamp on the side table.
33) 7) dialog: Total mess. Whole family murdered. A game show on the TV in the background.
33) 8) dialog: Neighbors too. Goodman chain smokes as he talks. . GOODMAN (CONT’D) Never closed it. Wanted to pin it on the husband. (MORE )
33) 10) dialog: But we never found him. Figured he got out of the country. Damn shame of a story. Pausing between thoughts for a drag or two. The ash tray the coffee table is nearly overflowing.
33) 11) dialog: But something never felt right about that house.
33) 13) dialog: I don’t know. dust didn't feel right. Muldoon watches the man, her partner. Goodman is differen home, in this environment.
33) 14) dialog: Call me superstitious. But I got my reasons. Muldoon can tell Goodman’s hiding something.
33) 16) dialog: They'll think you’re crazy if you start going around saying places are haunted.
33) 18) dialog: Can I get you anything?
33) 20) dialog: Pie?
33) 21) text: Goodman gestures to the partially opened cardboard box sitting on the coffee table buzzing with flies. One slice eaten, the rest starting to mold.
33) 23) dialog: My mother. She was into all that ghosty shit. The older I get, the more I start to believe it. Muldoon looks at the vacant and unused medical equipment the other side of the room.
33) 25) dialog: Two years ago now. Just haven't had the heart to get rid of all this. Goodman smiles. GOODMAN (CONT’D) I still think of this as her house. Muldoon nods in understanding.
33) 27) dialog: How long for you?
33) 29) dialog: I’ve seen how that plays out. I don’t wish that on anyone. Muldoon loses herself in thought.
33) 31) dialog: I had a single mother. It’s a shame the universe has to go and fuck all these good people.
33) 34) dialog: All the time. Just never happened for me. He shrugs.
33) 35) dialog: We all say the same thing. “The job” and all that. But who knows. It’s how it goes. Muldoon smiles.
33) 37) dialog: Aww hell, don’t get all sappy on me Muldoon. I was starting to like you. She laughs. And then they're quiet. Goodman quickly gets serious. He looks intensely at Muldoon, a deep solemn loo his eyes.
33) 38) dialog: I get that you're looking for distractions right now, but don’t get lost in this shit. The case, the house. He turns back to the TV.
33) 39) dialog: I know what that looks like. 49
55) 0) text: Detective Goodman bursts through the doors of the precinc Exhausted and soaking wet from the rain, he hustles into bull pen. He looks around and spots Detective Greco acros the room. He calls out to him.
55) 1) dialog: Where is he? Greco rolls his eyes.
56) 0) text: Goodman walks down the stairs into the dark basement. At desk in the corner of the cavernous space is Detective Wilson. Wilson is sitting in the dark, huddled over a tape record headphones over his ears, muttering quietly into a microphone,
57) 0) text: The sun is starting to set. A distant police siren blares the distance. Goodman and Wilson sit across from each oth at the table. Wilson’s hardly touched the food in front o him, but his cup of coffee is nearly empty.
57) 1) dialog: You look like shit.
57) 3) dialog: We closed the case months ago. Wilson shakes his head.
57) 5) dialog: I get it. I do. And I wish I knew how to help you. Goodman's voice is genuinely sympathetic.
57) 6) dialog: But you can’t show up to work like this. Take some time off. Spend time with your girls. You gotta get your mind off this shit. He’s a quiet for a moment.
57) 7) dialog: Then maybe it’11 stop. Wilson’s downcast eyes start to glaze over as the tears w
57) 10) dialog: There's no one there. A tear streams down Wilson’s cheek. He’s quiet.
57) 11) dialog: Lets get out of here. Goodman stands and walks to the cash register by the door Wilson watches him go. He turns back to the window outsid But we don’t see what he sees. Just the terrified look in his eye.
58) 0) text: Goodman and Wilson walk out of the diner. Goodman heads t the car. But Wilson is hesitant. Looking around as he wal slowly, lagging behind Goodman. Goodman sees the fear in his partner. But there’s no one the parking lot except for them.
58) 1) dialog: There’s no one here. Wilson nods. Slowly, he follows to the car. Peering out t side of his eye as he goes. Goodman unlocks the car and t get in. Wilson's heart is beating out of his chest. He can hardly catch his breath. GOODMAN (CONT’D) You good? He nods.
58) 3) dialog: It’s all in your head. 85 73. He turns to look at Goodman. But standing behind Goodman, outside the car... Is the body of Fiona Landers, broken and twisted. Staring back at him. Wilson screams. Goodman turns to look. But there’s no one there. Wilson kicks and thrashes.
58) 4) dialog: Wilson! Wilson screams. Goodman is panicked and confused.
58) 5) dialog: What's wrong? But the man just keeps screaming. GOODMAN (CONT’D) Wilson! Wilson!
62) 5) dialog: It’s me. Where are you? Just wanted to see how you're doing. He sighs, trying to think of the words to say.
62) 6) dialog: I hate seeing you like this. For a moment he’s lost in thought. He chuckles dishonestl trying to lighten his tone with feigned sarcasm.
62) 7) dialog: So man up and get your shit together. He’s quiet. The fake smiles fades fast.
62) 8) dialog: Call me back when you get this. He hangs up. He sits down at the kitchen table and lights cigarette. He tries to relax. But his mind is plagued by anxious thoughts.
66) 0) text: Goodman drives along the dark streets with Wilson sitting the passenger seat beside him.
66) 1) dialog: You gotta stop it with this shit. Does your wife know where you are? Goodman keeps his eyes on the road, unable to look his partner in the eye. Even if he could, he’d see nothing th There’s a dazed, empty look on Wilson’s face. Wilson reaches into his pocket and pulls out his gun. He pulls back the safety and holds the weapon below his chin But Goodman’s eyes are locked on the road and he doesn’t notice. GOODMAN (CONT’D) You're driving yourself crazy. I'm sorry I ever said anything. The gun poised and ready to shoot.
66) 2) dialog: Think about your family... Goodman turns to look at his partner. And sees the gun.
66) 3) dialog: Shit! He reaches for Wilson’s arm. Knocking the gun in his gras But Wilson pulls the trigger. Blood splatters across Goodman's face, 94 81. Goodman slams on the breaks, skidding to a stop. Wilson's body flops onto Goodman's lap. Blood oozes from the side his face. His eyes still open and blinking, locking aroun confusion. GOODMAN (CONT’D) No no no no no. What did you do?!
78) 0) text: The car spins out of control. Spinning wildly down the street. Bouncing back and forth between the guard rails. But eventually it comes to a stop, screeching from the friction under the tires. And the car just sits there in middle of the road. The chaos quiets. And time passes. Days turn to nights many times over. Days; then weeks, then months go by. The remainder of the winter’s snow melts. The trees regrow their leaves and th lose them once again. All the while, the car and Lorna’s corpse remain untouche As the months pass and seasons change, not a single car drives down the road. Eventually a truck comes along and the driver stops when spots Lorna’s wreck, He makes a call and before long the place is swarming with cops and emergency vehicles. When the fire department arrives, they pry the car’s door off with the jaws of life and reveal the twisted body ins And then Goodman and Muldoon arrive at the scene. Uniformed officers escort the detectives under the tape l surrounding the scene. And Goodman and Muldoon head into the chaos. Unaware of what’s to transpire. cur TO BLACK. 108 90.
80) 0) text: Burke sits at the table, a birthday cake adorned with sev candles in front of him. Goodman and Muldoon stand on eit side of the boy.
80) 1) dialog: (singing) ..-Happy birthday dear Burke. Happy birthday to you! Goodman is uncharacteristically enthusiastic as he sings. Muldoon is distracted. Her mind is elsewhere. Goodman takes notice, but pretends to ignore it.
80) 2) dialog: Alright kid, make a wish. The little boy smiles and blows out the candles. Goodman watches, beaming. The family he never thought he’d have. But he can tell something is wrong with Muldoon.
80) 4) dialog: (whispering) Ey, Muldoon. She shakes awake and looks around, groggy. She’s shaken.
80) 6) dialog: Why don’t I get out of here. Goodman watches as Muldoon rubs the sleep from her eyes. There’s something off about her demeanor. 111 112 92.
81) 0) text: Muldoon walks Goodman out to his car.
81) 2) dialog: Yeah, of course. I love the kid. She puts on a smile.
81) 4) dialog: You alright?
81) 6) dialog: Been sleeping much? She smiles.
89) 2) dialog: Was it happening at all before you went to the house? Muldoon shakes her head.
89) 5) dialog: The case? Muldoon's leg shakes under the table.
89) 8) text: Goodman chews on the toothpick between his teeth twirling back and forth with one hand. He sips a cup of coffee wit the other as he listens. There’s a genuine look of understanding in the older man’s eyes. MULDOON (CONT‘D) I don't care how immune to it you are. It gets to you. I can’t close my eyes without seeing this shit. Goodman looks at the shaken, broken woman. Tears well up Muldoon’s eyes. It’s a sad sight, Muldoon sitting there, desperate, so helpless. For the first time, she locks eye with Goodman, MULDOON (CONT‘D) I think I’m losing my mind. She looks back down the hall towards her son’s bedroom. S hesitates for a moment. MULDOON (CONT’D) I’m just afraid that I won't be able to handle everything, and I’ll... She chokes up.
89) 15) dialog: Why’d you go do a thing like that? Muldoon stares deep into his eyes with a crazed look.
90) 0) text: Goodman lays awake in bed, lost in thought. He turns and looks at the clock. Nearly 5AM. He hasn't slept a wink.
91) 0) text: Goodman walks into the precinct amidst the morning bustle But today seems particularly hectic. More officers than usual, hustling back and forth between offices. Three men in suits stand with the Captain in his office. Goodman looks around for Muldoon. Detective Greco walks o and stands by Goodman. His arms crossed, he sips his coff The two men stand at the edge of the room, surveying the scene.
91) 1) dialog: Where’s Muldoon? Greco shrugs.
91) 3) dialog: What’s with the suits?
91) 5) dialog: Mmm. Goodman walks away towards his desk, but Greco calls out after him.
91) 7) dialog: Nope. Greco laughs.
92) 2) dialog: (on the answering machine) Muldoon, it’s Goodman. Muldoon is terrified. Staring, eyes wide with fear. GOODMAN (CONT’D) (on the answering machine) Call me when you get this. Because Melinda Landers is standing there in the doorway. staring back at her. Eyes dark and swollen. Bile flowing from the little girl' lips. And then Muldoon hears it. That terrible, wet, groaning wheeze right behind her head. Slowly, she turns. Painfully afraid of what she might see And right there behind her, their face mere inches apart. Is pregnant Fiona Landers. Screaming at the top of her lu 123 124 101.
95) 2) dialog: This wasn’t suicide. cuT TO BLACK. 126 127 128 103. TITLE CARD: “THE LANDERS FAMILY”
111) 0) text: The rain is relentless. There’s a hustle and bustle of soaking wet Crime Scene Investigators, Police Officers, E Firemen, and small town news teams scuttling about the fr yard of the Landers House. Police tape stretched across the Landers’ front door. Pet car at the end of the driveway roped off by more tape. Detective Goodman, a cigarette balanced between his lips, talks to one of the uniformed police officers outside the house. He looks younger and fresher than we saw him last. nods his head, taking copious notes as the nervous young officer speaks. He turns and ducks under the police tape surrounding the perimeter of the property. He struts with poise towards a nondescript sedan parked down the street. He takes one last puff of his cigarette and tosses the bu to the side of the road as he opens the car door and gets INT. WILSON’S CAR - DAY 145 Goodman sits down in the passenger seat. Detective Wilson looking spry and healthy sits in the drivers seat. The two men sit there in the car, quietly watching intent Their eyes fixed on the house in that way that cops nonchalantly stare intensely to take in every detail. Eye wandering behind dark sunglasses, surveying, assessing.
111) 2) dialog: Fiona and Melinda Landers. Mother and daughter.
111) 6) dialog: Don’t I know it, There’s a casual rhythm to their rapport.
111) 8) dialog: Not yet. It’s a mess in there. They sit in silence for a few moments. Still just staring at the house.
111) 10) dialog: Bingo.
111) 13) dialog: Found the kid in a grave out back. Wife all chopped up. Make’s you think. 118.
111) 16) dialog: Seems about right. He turns to Goodman.
111) 18) dialog: You think it’s haunted?
111) 20) dialog: You know, when this sort of thing happens...
111) 22) dialog: My mother was into all that. Raised me superstitious. They close the car doors. Wilson looks at Goodman across the roof of the car.
111) 24) dialog: I'll catch up at the precinct. Wilson ducks under the police tape and laughs. He turns a looks back at Goodman. Ee shakes his head. A child like s across his face.