51) 1) dialog: I'm known as an Exit Guide. She’s dressed neatly, and looks older than she is in a ve grandmotherly sort of way. 77 78 64.
51) 2) dialog: I sit with people who've made the decision to end their life on their own terms. This is LORNA MOODY.
52) 0) text: Lorna pulls up in front of the Matheson house. She parks rental car on the street at the end of the driveway and g out.
52) 1) dialog: I want to start by answering any questions you may have for me. She walks up the long driveway towards the house and knoc on the front door.
53) 0) text: William, on the couch, stares intensely at Lorna, sitting the armchair across from him. His eyes wide and tired.
53) 1) dialog: Our preferred method is a gas that requires the use of a hood. It’s a one hundred percent effective. And its peaceful. The tone of her voice is soothing and slow. But he stares back at her.
53) 3) dialog: Once she pulls the hood down over her head, she'll be unconscious in five to ten seconds. That‘s all she’1l know. His stare bores a hole through her. She can tell he’s exhausted. 65.
53) 5) dialog: She’1l be dead within twenty minutes. He lets it sink in, nodding his head. For a moment, his t shifts oddly.
53) 7) dialog: I’m fine. It’s quiet. William lost in thought.
53) 9) dialog: I’ve been a compassionate presence at the bedside of forty-four people. She can tell he’s distraught. LORNA (CONT’D) This can be a wonderful thing. I believe that no one should ever have to die alone. We don’t come into this world alone, and we shouldn't have to leave it alone. But the sentiment doesn’t seem to make him feel any bette LORNA (CONT’D) Mr. Matheson, I do need to warn you. In order for anybody to be able to do this, that is, anyone involved with our organization, they must be mentally competent and physically able to carry this out themselves. Do you understand? He nods. 66. LORNA (CONT’D) Can you tell me about your wife? He’s quiet for a moment, avoiding eye contact. She gives time. Eventually, he speaks.
53) 11) dialog: I’m so sorry. I can’t imagine how hard it’s been on the both of you. Her compassion is deep and genuine.
53) 13) dialog: Do you mind if I ask how?
53) 15) dialog: Medication? He nods.
53) 22) dialog: Well, I’m glad that you called. Hopefully I can help. He stares deep into her eyes.
53) 24) dialog: Let’s go see your wife. 79 68.
54) 0) text: William stands in the doorway watching Lorna with his wif Faith is in a wheelchair in the corner of the room. A gla far off look in her eyes. Lorna sits at the foot of the bed talking to her.
54) 1) dialog: Mrs. Matheson, my name is Lorna Moody. Do you know why I’m here? Faith forces an odd smile but doesn’t respond. Lorna look William in the door, concerned. LORNA (CONT’D) Mrs. Matheson. Your husband told me about your condition, and I’m here to see if I can help. Still no response from the old woman, Faith moves her lim hands to cover her face.
54) 2) dialog: Mrs. Matheson? Are you alright? The woman opens her hands like doors.
54) 4) dialog: Who are you playing with? Faith’s eyes slowly move to meet Lorna’s.
54) 6) dialog: What's your friend’s name? Faith is quiet. The smile on her face fades. And after a moments she answers. 80 69.
54) 9) dialog: Mr. Matheson, I was clear on the requirements. And I am truly, deeply sorry, but your wife is no longer mentally competent. There’s a painful desperation in his voice, twinged with anger, but he keeps quiet with his wife just behind the d
54) 11) dialog: I can recommend some doctors for you to speak with.
54) 13) dialog: I'm deeply sorry for everything you and your wife have been through. But you misrepresented your wife’s state. She’s just too far gone. William stares off, he’s destroyed. She sees what pain sh caused. 81 82 83 70. LORNA (CONT‘D) I can stay for a few days. To help you look over your options. I may not be able to help the way you wanted. But I can be here to support you no matter what. Would that be okay? There's a look of sad desperation on his face.
59) 3) dialog: It's lovely. A drop of water falls on her shoulder. She looks up. Ther an enormous wet spot in the ceiling. Dark, and starting t mold.
59) 5) dialog: Mmm.
59) 8) dialog: Nope. I think I'm all good. William stands in the doorway.
59) 10) dialog: Oh you don’t have to do that! He smirks.
59) 12) dialog: Well let me go. It’s the least I can do.
60) 0) text: The sun has set, and in a town with few street lights, th night is very dark. The lot is nearly pitch black, lit on by the faint glow emanating from the fluorescent light of store. Lorna pulls into the parking lot and parks her rental car The lot is large and nearly empty. She gets out of her car and walks through the fluorescent glow of the desolate lot to the store. 87 88 75.
61) 0) text: She walks through the aisles pushing a cart, gathering th ingredients to make dinner. The aisles of products are immaculately neat and organized. So much so that it’s alm odd. She stares at the selection at the meat counter. The bloo cuts of meat on display. There’s something inappropriatel gory about the sight. Suddenly, she feels a hand holding hers. The hand of a li girl. She glances down, but there’s no one standing there little girl. She looks around. An odd chill ripples through her, but s continues on through the aisles. She stops at the rows and rows of baby food. She looks to list in her hand and then back to the shelves. For a mome there’s a little girl standing at the end of the aisle watching her. Lorna can feel the eyes on her. She turns. But again, there’s no one there. Out of breath uneasy, she looks around. The whole place feels eerily em She removes a few jars from the shelf, puts them into her cart and hurries to the cashier.
62) 0) text: Lorna rushes through the dark parking lot to her car. Sti on edge, she walks quickly, her grocery bags tight in her arms, She keeps her eyes straight and heads directly for car. She unlocks the door and gets in, placing the groceries o the seat beside her. Hastily, she tries to start the car. it won't start.
62) 1) dialog: Come on. She tries again. Still nothing. On the brink of panic she tries one more time. And it works. The engine turns on an rests with a steady hum. She breathes a sigh of relief an smiles. Just then, her phone rings. The sudden noise startles her with a yelp. 89 76. She pulls the device from her pocket and looks down at th screen: “UNKNOWN” She watches as it rings in her hand. Sh waits for a moment, and then answers the phone.
62) 2) dialog: Hello? Quiet.
62) 3) dialog: Hello? She waits. Still nothing. She’s about to hang up when she hears an odd sound. A dee wet, gurgling wheeze. And then quiet again. A long quiet. she waits. And then the sound of a little girl's laugh. F off and mechanical. Unsettled, she quickly hangs up the phone. She peers arou the parking lot. No one in sight. But just then, she hears someone shuffling in the seat be her. Her heart drops. Slowly, she looks to the rear-view mirror. Terrified of w she’ll see. Her heart races as her eyes lock on the mirro But there's no one there. Relieved, she sighs and shakes off. She presses her foot down on the gas pedal and speed out of the parking lot. But just as she does, we catch a glimpse of Melinda. Crou on the floor behind Lorna’s seat. Just out of view. INT. GOODMAN’S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 89 Goodman sits on the couch smoking a cigarette. “The Price Right" is on TV. He stares at the TV set, a glazed look i his eyes. A half eaten bowl of cereal on the coffee table front of him. He finishes his cigarette and crushes the butt into the a tray beside him. Its nearly overflowing. He sits there in front of the TV, but his mind is somewhere else. He gets up off the couch and goes to the kitchen. He pick the phone. He dials a number and waits. It rings and ring But it goes to voicemail.
63) 0) text: Lorna drives down the dark suburban streets. The bags of groceries in the back seat behind her. She turns a corner heads down Reyburn Drive. She stops at the end of the Matheson’s driveway. She park her car and gets out.
64) 0) text: Lorna takes the grocery bags from the back seat, locks th car and heads up the driveway. But as she approaches the house, she sees a man. Standing the front lawn, staring up at the house. Muttering to himself, his hands twitching. It's Detective Wilson. But to Lorna, he’s a stranger. Kee her distance, the paper bags tense in her arms, she calls to him.
64) 1) dialog: Hello? 92 78. But he doesn’t so much as turn to look at her. He just ke staring up at the house. His gaze transfixed on one of th upstairs windows.
64) 2) dialog: Excuse me? No reply.
64) 3) dialog: Excuse me, sir? He just keeps muttering. She looks around. There’s not another person or car in sight. But the lights are on ins the Matheson house. Cautiously, she walks up the driveway towards the house, maintaining a safe distance from the man on the lawn. She keeps her eyes locked on him the whole time as she wa Her heart racing, ready to run at any moment. But the man pays her no attention. He’s focused on the ho
65) 0) text: Lorna walks in and quickly locks the door behind her. She breathes a deep sigh of relief. She puts the grocery bags down on the floor and tries to catch her breath.
65) 1) dialog: Mr. Matheson?! He calls out from another room.
65) 3) dialog: Mr. Matheson, there’s a strange man standing on your front lawn. William sighs. Seeming nothing more than mildly annoyed, stands and walks over to the windows on the other side of room.
65) 4) dialog: I tried to get his attention, but I think there’s something wrong with him. 79. William peels back the curtains and looks out. He sees Detective Wilson standing outside the house staring up at upstairs window. William shakes his head and goes to the phone. Lorna’s confused by William's reaction to what she’s foun quite odd.
65) 5) dialog: Do you know him? William speaks into the phone.
65) 8) dialog: Who is he? William sits back down on the couch.
65) 10) dialog: What’s he doing? She watches Wilson with that wide eyed stare, muttering t himself endlessly.
65) 12) dialog: A case? Lorna's tension starting to alleviate, she tries to light the mood. 93 80. LORNA (CONT’D) I hope it wasn’t a murder. She laughs playfully. William doesn’t react. Lorna’s smile fades as she eats he words.
65) 13) dialog: Oh god, it was, wasn’t it. William smiles awkwardly.
67) 0) text: Lorna stands at the counter chopping vegetables, preparin dinner for William. William sits at the table beside his in her wheelchair. Lorna watches as the man spoon feeds his catatonic wife. moment is difficult to watch. Faith, at the moment, is in total catatonic state. Her eyes glassy, wide, and far off William scoops a spoon into the small jar of baby food an holds it to his wife's limp lips.
67) 3) dialog: You're so sweet with her. He doesn't take his eyes off his wife as he continues to her.
67) 5) dialog: How long have you been married?
68) 0) text: It’s the middle of the night. Lorna is fast asleep. She tosses in her sleep. Rain beats down outside. Suddenly, the closet door starts to creep open. Ever so slightly. The room is so dark, you'd never be able to tel something was emerging. Lorna shivers in her sleep. She pulls the covers tight up over her. Slowly, she stirs awake. Groggy, she stands and walks to the thermostat across the room. She looks down at the strange black inky substance rubbed into the carpet. She avoids the stain and continues to the thermostat. She turns up the heat and goes back to bed, Slowly she starts to hear something. The sound of a woman erying coming from down the hall. Lorna sits up. She looks around the darkened room as the sound of the woman’s tears set in. A look of sadness across her face. She rolls over and tries to go back to sleep. But the wom keeps crying. And she just lays there listening to the cr Eventually, she gets out of bed.
69) 0) text: Lorna steps into the dark hallway. Her eyes slowly adjust the darkness. In the hallway the crying is louder. Slowly she walks to the bathroom. It’s eerily tense as sh walks down the dark hall.
70) 0) text: She flicks on the light switch. But the lights don’t work She tries again. But still nothing. She sighs, closes the door and locks it behind her. She sits down on the toilet in the dark room. There’s something unsettling about being in the small dark room i the middle of the night. The only light coming from the m through the window. 98 83. When she's done, she stands at the sink and washes her ha She avoids the mirror in the dark. Then she hears somethi The sound of someone breathing. Behind her. She looks up, accidentally staring back at her reflection the mirror. But there’s no one in the room with her. She breathes deeply. Feeling a sudden sense of unease. Sh turns and peers out the window. The backyard is dark and empty. Blanketed in harsh shadow The grass is tall and unkempt, blowing in the breeze. Just then, she notices the crying has stopped. She unlock the door and pushes it open. But the moment she opens the door, a woman screams. Fiona Landers screaming in the middle of the hallway, her back Lorna. Lorna quickly tucks back into the room. Her heart racing panic. The screaming stops. But Lorna can hardly catch he breath. Slowly, she leans into the doorway and peers into the hallway. The woman is gone. Lorna steps back into the hallway. She doesn’t notice, but as she goes, there’s a shadow of small girl standing on the other side of the shower curta just behind her.
71) 0) text: She steps back into the dark hallway. From the top of the stairs, she can see William downstairs. He’s in the livin room asleep in front of the TV. Then the crying again. From a room behind her. She looxs around for the woman she’d seen only moments ago. But the no sign of her anywhere. Lorna turns towards the sound of the cries down the hall. hesitates for a moment. But starts to walk towards it. Growing louder as she approaches. As she passes the bedroom she'd been sleeping in, we noti the shadow of a little girl curled up on the foot of the Rocking back and forth. But Lorna doesn’t notice. Focused on the growing noise of the uncontrollable sobs behind the door in front of her. 99 100
71) 2) dialog: Mrs. Matheson? As if in response, the crying subsides. She knocks again, voice shaking.
71) 3) dialog: Mrs. Matheson, are you alright? No response. Slowly, she pushes open the door.
72) 0) text: Lorna steps into the dark room. Faith in the bed, her bac Lorna.
72) 1) dialog: Are you alright, Mrs. Matheson? No response. She steps closer.
72) 2) dialog: Mrs. Matheson? The woman in the bed turns over. But it’s not Faith Mathe Fiona Landers lays there hysterically crying. Lorna screams and stumbles back. Just as William bursts i the room and turns on the lights.
73) 0) text: Lorna sits at the kitchen table sweating bullets. Eyes wi she sips a cup of coffee. Her hands are shaking. William stands leaning on the counter by the sink. 101 85.
73) 1) dialog: Mr. Matheson—— Her voice quivers.
73) 2) dialog: I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but-—— She can hardly muster the words. LORNA (CONT’D) I believe that your house is haunted. He stares back at her, unaffected by the revelation.
73) 4) dialog: So you've seen her too? He nods. She looks back at him, bewildered.
73) 5) dialog: Why are you still here? He thinks for a moment, as tears well in his eyes. But he smiles.
76) 0) text: Lorna emerges from the guest room dressed, packed, and re to get back on the road. She walks down the stairs.
76) 1) dialog: Mr. Matheson? At the bottom of the stairs she hears a noise in the kitc INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (KITCHEN) — DAY 104 She walks into the kitchen where, much to her surprise, s finds Faith Matheson, standing at the counter chopping vegetables. Faith’s back is to Lorna, standing in the doorway.
76) 2) dialog: Mrs. Matheson? There’s no response, but the sight makes Lorna smile.
76) 3) dialog: I’m happy to see you on your feet. Her back still turned, Faith doesn’t respond.
76) 4) dialog: Mrs. Matheson? She just keeps chopping at the cutting board on the count Just then, Lorna sees something out of the corner of her Something on the floor. She looks down. William is face down on the floor with a fork stabbed int the side of his neck. He’s dead. But the scuff marks on the linoleum floor left by the sol of his shoes indicate a terrible struggle. 105 106 88. LORNA (CONT’D) Oh my god. What did you do? Faith just keeps chopping. Lorna screams.
76) 5) dialog: What did you do?! Slowly, Faith turns around, twisting oddly at her hips an Lorna sees that she hasn’t been chopping vegetables at al Faith’s been chopping her fingers with a kitchen knife. H left hand, a mangled, fleshy mess of stumps. The woman‘’s face, unbearably sad.
76) 7) dialog: Oh my god. Just then, she hears something. That horrible, croaking gurgle. She turns. And standing right behind her in the corner of the room i the skeletal form of Fiona Landers. Limbs broken and twis at every joint. Fiona rubs her pregnant belly with her mangled hands, jer back and forth at the broken elbow. Blood streams down he legs. Lorna screams and runs for the door. Desperately clawing scrambling as she goes. She fumbles with the door and the bolts out of the house. She runs down the driveway out to her car.
77) 0) text: Running like she’s never run before, she finally reaches rental car parked at the end of the driveway. She gets inside, slams the door, starts the engine, and speeds off INT. LORNA‘’S RENTAL CAR — DAY 106 Panicked, she speeds down the wooded back roads. Panting, of breath, a crazed look on her face. She mutters to hers 107 89.
77) 1) dialog: You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. But her heart races. She looks to the rearview mirror. An Fiona Landers is sitting there in the back seat behind he Her arms outstretched, gripping the steering wheel tight, swerves as she screams. And just then, her elbow hyperextends, seemingly on its o The bones violently cracking the wrong way with a snap.
78) 0) text: The car spins out of control. Spinning wildly down the street. Bouncing back and forth between the guard rails. But eventually it comes to a stop, screeching from the friction under the tires. And the car just sits there in middle of the road. The chaos quiets. And time passes. Days turn to nights many times over. Days; then weeks, then months go by. The remainder of the winter’s snow melts. The trees regrow their leaves and th lose them once again. All the while, the car and Lorna’s corpse remain untouche As the months pass and seasons change, not a single car drives down the road. Eventually a truck comes along and the driver stops when spots Lorna’s wreck, He makes a call and before long the place is swarming with cops and emergency vehicles. When the fire department arrives, they pry the car’s door off with the jaws of life and reveal the twisted body ins And then Goodman and Muldoon arrive at the scene. Uniformed officers escort the detectives under the tape l surrounding the scene. And Goodman and Muldoon head into the chaos. Unaware of what’s to transpire. cur TO BLACK. 108 90.
113) 0) text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the w Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged in massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up t on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sa As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s, other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Dri Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.