13) 11) dialog: I can’t find Lisa. Fiona takes a step towards her daughter.
13) 13) dialog: No! The little girl starts to cry. The cries quickly become wails. She squeezes her eyes tightly shut and starts swinging he fists at her head. Self-inflicting blows to her face. Fiona rushes to her.
32) 0) text: Muldoon drives down a small suburban street, dark from th lack of streetlights. She drives slowly through the dark, trying to illuminate the numbers on the mailboxes with th car’s headlights. The numbers are going up. Numbers 3, 5, 7. Between each h is a streetlight. Each time she passes a light, it illuminates the side mirror of the car. And for a moment, each time, we catch a glimpse of Melinda in the reflectio Sitting in the backseat. Numbers 9, 11, 13. Finally Muldoon gets to number 15. We don't quite recognize the house in the dark. But the ligh are on inside. And something seems familiar. She gets out of her car and steps out into the pouring ra
35) 0) text: Muldoon gets back into bed and tries to fall asleep. She there in the dark room. Rain beating down outside. But then we see her. Underneath the bed, looking up, as i boring a hole through the mattress, is little Melinda Landers. Laying in the shadows.
39) 0) text: But all the while, Detective Wilson lays in his bed, his wide with fear. Melinda and Fiona Landers in the corner, staring back at him. He struggles, screaming, desperately trying to get away. bound in his chains, he can hardly move, let alone get aw And so they taunt him. INT. MULDOON’S CAR - NIGHT 58 Muldoon drives home from the hospital. Every so often she pass a car, 59 49. But for the most part, she’s the only one on the road. Th night is dark and the car's headlights cast harsh shadows the trees at the side of the road. She‘s deep in thought, rattled from the encounter with th man at the hospital. She stares at the road, the trees passing by hypnotically. And then she sees what looks like a pregnant woman crawli from the treeline at the side of the road. But only for a moment. As she drive's quickly past, she’s gone. Startled, she looks back in the rear-view mirror. Nothing darkness. She turns back to the road ahead of her and tak deep breath, regaining her calm. But standing there in the middle of the road is a little girl. Muldoon swerves to avoid the child, coming to a screeching halt at the side of the road. She throws open the car door and gets out, looking for th child she’d nearly hit. But as she looks around, there’s one in sight.
47) 0) text: It’s night now at the Landers’ house. Peter Spencer is st waiting with Melinda in the empty home. His phone starts buzz. He looks down at the screen: “NINA”. He picks up the phon
79) 0) text: Melinda lays on the floor of the living room thrashing an screaming and crying. Her arms bound to her sides by her father’s belt strapped tight around her body. Her parents are fighting in the kitchen, but she can hear everything.
82) 0) text: Muldoon has fallen asleep on the couch in the living room front of the TV. She stirs awake and looks around disoriented. She gets up and turns off the TV. She shuts off the lights in the living room and then the hallway, room by room, sending the house into darkness. In the kitchen, she goes to the thermostat and turns up t heat. She flicks the lights switch and the kitchen goes d She looks to the sliding doors across the room, leading t the dark backyard outside. They’re unlocked. She walks through the dark kitchen towards the large glas doors. She reaches for the lock and turns it. As she does she peers outside into the darkness. 113 114 93. There, standing in the shadows, looking back at her throu the glass doors is Fiona Landers. Just staring at her. He heart skips. Quickly, she flicks on the light illuminating the backyar But there’s no one there. She catches her breath, shakes off, and walks out of the room. But there in the shadows in the corner of the room. Is li Melinda Landers. Sitting on the floor. Rocking back and forth.
97) 0) text: The inside of the home is nice; nothing overly elegant, b there’s a definite taste and style to the decor. Children toys and smiling family photos indicate nothing but the l of an ordinary family. A mother, a father, and a young daughter. The hallway. The kitchen. The living room. Moving boxes litter the rooms. We know the house well. But there’s something different about it. No sign of Peter Spencer anywhere. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - DAY 128 Fiona rushes into Melinda’s bedroom. Her heart racing,
97) 2) dialog: Where are we going? Fiona goes to Melinda and puts on a big smile.
99) 0) text: An old home movie plays on the TV in the living room. On tape, it's Christmas morning. Wrapped presents beneath th decorated tree. Fiona, four months pregnant, sits on the floor beside Melinda. Fiona turns to the camera, a huge smile across h face.
99) 4) dialog: Laughing Lisal The little girl suddenly bubbles with glee.
103) 0) text: Sam digs a small grave in the backyard. He still can’t st the tears. Melinda's body, wrapped up in her bed sheets, sits beside small child-sized hole. He rolls her body into the hole a covers it with a small mound of dirt. He can’t believe what he’s done.
112) 0) text: EMTs carry Fiona and Melinda out of the house in body bag Wilson passes the last of them on his way into the house. steps into the entryway and looks around. He walks slowly down the hallway, taking note of everythi Eventually, he makes his way to the living room. Alone in house, he takes it all in. He notices something across the room. Atop the mantle, si family photo of the Landers family. He walks over and tak closer look. Fiona, Melinda, and Sam. All smiling. All happy. An odd quiet comes over the house. And then that horrible sound. That chilling, wheezing sound... That seeped from the pierced lungs and broken ribs of Fio Landers’ dying body futilely clinging to life. CcuT TO BLACK.
113) 0) text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the w Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged in massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up t on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sa As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s, other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Dri Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.