1) 0) text: NINA SPENCER (40), five months pregnant, lays in a hospit gown on the exam table. Her husband PETER SPENCER (42), stands by her side holding her hand. Bags under his eyes, looks like he hasn’t slept in weeks. But there’s an anxio look on both of their faces. A nurse rubs iodine over Nina's pregnant belly while anot nurse preps large needles in the background. The nurse rubbing iodine takes a large needle from the other nurse turns to Nina with a smile.
1) 2) dialog: No.
1) 6) dialog: I'm okay. She turns to the screen and puts on a fake smile.
1) 9) dialog: No. Peter looks at her and she smiles.
1) 10) dialog: We want to be surprised. But there’s dishonesty in her voice. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY 3 Peter and Nina sit across the desk from DR. MAHER.
1) 12) dialog: And you found something? The doctor is matter of fact but sympathetic.
1) 18) dialog: And then what about after that?
1) 23) dialog: I don’t know. I don’t think I can handle this.
1) 25) dialog: I just wrapped my head around being a parent. But I didn’t sign up for this. She can tell it breaks his heart. It’s quiet again. The r beats down on the windshield. Peter stares at the windshi wipers as they sway steadily back and forth. Finally, he breaks the silence.
2) 0) text: Peter walks up the driveway, passing the FOR SALE sign mounted on the front lawn. The sign sports a cheesy, smil photo of Peter and Nina, before the pregnancy, and the wo “SPENCER REALTY”. The rain has started to come down harder, a dark cloud no casting ominous shadows overhead. Peter gets to the front door and knocks. Nothing. He waits a few moments and knoc again. Still nothing. He reaches into his pocket and takes out his phone. He di a number and holds the cell phone to his ear. The land li inside the house starts ringing. Peter looks into the windows. The house is empty and dark sign of anyone. The phone just keeps ringing as he stares into the seemingly empty house. The call goes to voicemai and he hangs up the phone. He looks down to the real estate issued lock box hanging the doorknob. He punches in the code and retrieves the ke from inside. He unlocks the door, and pushes it open. He sets one foot inside, and leans in.
2) 5) dialog: You think something happened?
2) 7) dialog: I don’t know. Doesn't he seem a little off?
2) 9) dialog: Yeah. Like too nice, or something. Peter shakes his head.
3) 0) text: Peter and Nina sit at the kitchen table eating dinner. Th eat in silence not looking up from their meals. It's terr tense. Finally, Peter breaks the silence.
3) 4) dialog: I didn’t want to have this baby in the first place. But... you so badly did. It's hard to choke out the words. They send a bullet thro Peter. NINA (CONT’D) I just love you so much. I wanted to do it for you.
3) 6) dialog: I really thought... I thought I’d feel differently once I was pregnant. And I started to. But this... She looks at her husband across the table, he’s destroyed She can see the sadness in his eyes. NINA (CONT’D) Are you mad?
3) 8) dialog: I'm sorry.
4) 1) dialog: It’s so cold. Can you turn up the heat baby? He looks over at her, sound asleep like a baby. As though never moved at all. He feels like he’s losing it. He gets up and goes to the thermostat. It ts awfully cold turns up the heat and gets back into bed. He lays there. He tries to close his eyes and fall asleep But suddenly, he hears footsteps. Light gentle footsteps the hallway outside. He opens his eyes. It's quiet. But then, more footsteps. He waits. Nothing. He sits up and checks on his wife. She’s still asleep. An then again, more footsteps. He turns to the door and sits there for a moment waiting. His heart racing. And then the sound of a door opening down the hall. His h skips a beat. He peels back the sheets and steps out of b Slowly, he moves towards the door. He reaches for the doorknob, and gently eases the door open.
10) 2) dialog: Hi.
10) 4) dialog: I don’t know. He goes to her and puts his arm around her.
10) 6) dialog: You? Cook?
10) 8) dialog: So you’re just gonna burn the place down? Is that how we're gonna deal with this? He laughs. 16 17 18 14.
46) 0) text: Fiona and Sam walk into the waiting room as Nina Spencer escorting out Detective Muldoon. In the small waiting are the Landers take a seat by the window while Nina and Muld exchange their goodbyes.
46) 1) dialog: Well if you do decide to make the move, give us a call.
46) 3) dialog: I hope your husband pulls through. Muldoon puts on a smile.
46) 5) dialog: Have a good one! Nina turns to Fiona and Sam with a smile.
46) 6) dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Landers? How are you guys? Come on back and we can get started. CUT TO BLACK. 67 55. TITLE CARD: “PETER & NINA”
47) 0) text: It’s night now at the Landers’ house. Peter Spencer is st waiting with Melinda in the empty home. His phone starts buzz. He looks down at the screen: “NINA”. He picks up the phon
47) 2) dialog: (over the phone) Where are you?
47) 4) dialog: (over the phone) Nothing from the parents?
47) 6) dialog: (over the phone) You sound tired. He rubs his eyes.
47) 8) dialog: (over the phone) What time do you think you'll be home?
47) 10) dialog: (over the phone) How is she? Peter looks over to Melinda asleep on the couch curled up into a small ball. 68 56.
48) 0) text: Nina sits back in bed, quietly caressing her pregnant bel The phone tucked between her shoulder and ear. The TV is the flicker lighting up her face in the dark room.
48) 1) dialog: Nothing. The baby just moved. Peter’s quiet.
48) 4) dialog: I didn’t want to be a mother. I didn’t think I did. Tears start to well in her eyes.
48) 5) dialog: This morning I woke up, ready to tell you I didn’t want to do this. She stops. 69 57.
48) 6) dialog: But the thought of ending it. Really doing it. I can’t stand the thought of it. I already love this baby. So much more than I thought I did. She chokes up as she says the words. NINA (CONT’D) And I‘11 love this baby no matter what. There’s a long silence on the other end of the line. She waits for a response in anxious anticipation.
49) 1) dialog: (over the phone) Peter? Are you still there? He smiles.
49) 3) dialog: (over the phone) Was that the bell? He looks back to Melinda on the couch, but she doesn’t so much as stir.
49) 5) dialog: (over the phone) Ringing the bell at their own house? Peter’s eyeing the door when the doorbell rings again.
49) 7) dialog: (over the phone) Okay. Peter, I love you.
96) 0) text: Heavy rain beats down on the manicured lawns. Wind whistl through the trees. The signpost on the corner reads: “REY DRIVE". At the end of the cul-de-sac is the LANDERS’ HOUS A “FOR SALE" sign planted in the front lawn sporting Pete and Nina’s smiling faces.
109) 0) text: Nina is in bed watching TV when the front door of the hou opens. She freezes for a second. And then calls out:
109) 1) dialog: Hello? She calls out again.
109) 2) dialog: Peter? No response.
109) 3) dialog: Peter? Gently stroking her belly, she stands up with a grunt of effort and heads into the hallway. INT. THE SPENCER HOME — NIGHT 142 Nina creeps through the dark house slowly.
109) 4) dialog: Peter? Still no response. She grows more and more tense with eve step. She moves from room to room looking around. The walls of the house lined with windows. She feels an o sort of vulnerability in her own home. As though through windows, she’s being watched. She can almost feel the eye her. She stops and looks around. NINA (CONT‘D) Peter? Its dead quiet. Nina stands in the living room surrounded large plate glass windows, petrified. From where she's standing, she can see the front door. It open. But no one’s there. At least from what she can see. She walks out of the living room and through the kitchen. fear building in her as she gets closer and closer to the door. Her breath quickens, her heart races. The rain is coming down hard outside. She tries to calm herself. But it doesn’t work. 115. She reaches for her pregnant belly, rubbing it, as though comfort the infant inside. Eventually, she gets to the entry way. Its dark and all t lights are off. But the front door is open. And Peter is standing right there next to it. Soaked from the rain. Dripping onto the floor. She breathes a heavy sigh of relief and smiles. NINA (CONT’D) Jesus Christ, you scared me. She laughs. NINA (CONT‘D) Parents finally come home? Peter doesn’t respond. NINA (CONT‘D) Peter? Nothing. NINA (CONT’D) Peter? Nina is still. A silent stand off. His demeanor is cold a menacing. She smiles to cover the fear, but her voice sha NINA (CONT’D) What's wrong? He turns and shuts the door behind him. He locks the lock steps further into the room and then stops. His coat drip onto the hardwood floors. Nina steps back, her voice shaking as she speaks.
109) 5) dialog: What're you doing? Her smile quickly fades. NINA (CONT’D) What’s wrong with you? He stares back at her with his bloodshot eyes. An odd gli in his eye. Something isn’t right.
110) 0) text: Morning light pours into the bedroom. Peter hangs from a in the ceiling. An extension cord as a noose. The body fl sloppily side to side from the choppy motion of the ceili fan tangled in the cord. Nina's body, bloody, lays on the floor by his feet. Her lifeless eyes, open, staring up at him. Her blood splashe and splattered across the walls. The telephone rings as sirens blare outside and officers pound and shout at the front door.
113) 0) text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the w Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged in massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up t on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sa As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s, other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Dri Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.