0) 1) dialog: How ya doin’ Mrs. Matheson? Again she nods, smiling blankly as she continues on down sunlit hallway. A doctor peels out of a patient’s room an into the hall.
0) 4) dialog: Oh my god! Oh my god! Feet shuffle overhead in a panic. cUT TO BLACK. (Titles play over black.) WHEN SOMEONE DIES IN THE GRIP OF A POWERFUL RAGE ... ».. A CURSE IS BORN. THE CURSE GATHERS IN THE PLACE OF DEATH. THOSE WHO ENCOUNTER IT WILL BE CONSUMED BY ITS FURY. FADE OUT.
1) 0) text: NINA SPENCER (40), five months pregnant, lays in a hospit gown on the exam table. Her husband PETER SPENCER (42), stands by her side holding her hand. Bags under his eyes, looks like he hasn’t slept in weeks. But there’s an anxio look on both of their faces. A nurse rubs iodine over Nina's pregnant belly while anot nurse preps large needles in the background. The nurse rubbing iodine takes a large needle from the other nurse turns to Nina with a smile.
1) 1) dialog: Don’t worry. Amnios are pretty routine for women your age. Nina puts on a bashful smile, stung by the comment. The n in the background rubs gel onto the sonogram wand and hol it to Nina’s belly. A grainy black and white image appear the screen beside the exam table. NURSE (CONT’D) This is the poke. Put your elbows down at your side. The nurse slowly lowers the large needle into Nina’s womb NURSE (CONT’D) That's the needle, does it hurt? Nina shakes her head.
1) 3) dialog: This is where you’re gonna feel a cramp. Nina clamps down hard on Peter's hand. On the screen, the shiny gleaming needle pokes through the amniotic sac with bounce. Nina winces in pain. NURSE (CONT‘D) That's it. The shining tip of the needle lowers closer and closer to black mass in the center of the screen. There’s an odd tension in the otherwise clinical moment as the needle approaches closer and closer to the baby inside.
1) 4) text: Do you see it? That's your baby. The nurse looks to the couple with a smile. Peter, grinni from ear to ear, can’t take his eyes off the screen. But doesn't look, she doesn’t even turn her head. Tears well her eyes and Peter sees something’s wrong.
1) 7) dialog: Almost done. The nurse screws a syringe onto the needle emerging from Nina’s belly and pulls the plunger back. The syringe fill with a yellowish liquid.
1) 8) dialog: Do you know the gender? Nina's quick to respond.
6) 0) text: Inside is a baby’s nursery. But there’s no one in the roo He breathes a sigh of relief. He gazes at all the toys and furniture they've purchased preparation for the special moment and smiles. Then he notices something. Across the room, there’s a dol the floor. He stares at it for a moment. He walks to the doll and picks it up. He looks down, the doll’s porcelain face staring back at him. He squeezes the doll and it emits a mechanical little lau The sound he’d just heard out in the hall. He laughs to himself and puts the doll back up on the shelf. He stands in the doorway taking one last look before he g A deep sadness comes over him. He turns off the lights an walks out of the room.
7) 0) text: Peter heads down the hallway towards the bathroom. But unbeknownst to him, a little girl quietly peels out of th nursery behind him. She crosses the hallway into the shadows and out of sight
10) 0) text: The next morning, Peter walks out of the bedroom to find wife standing in the doorway of the nursery peering in. H watches her for a moment before he speaks.