1) 0) text: NINA SPENCER (40), five months pregnant, lays in a hospit gown on the exam table. Her husband PETER SPENCER (42), stands by her side holding her hand. Bags under his eyes, looks like he hasn’t slept in weeks. But there’s an anxio look on both of their faces. A nurse rubs iodine over Nina's pregnant belly while anot nurse preps large needles in the background. The nurse rubbing iodine takes a large needle from the other nurse turns to Nina with a smile.
1) 4) text: Do you see it? That's your baby. The nurse looks to the couple with a smile. Peter, grinni from ear to ear, can’t take his eyes off the screen. But doesn't look, she doesn’t even turn her head. Tears well her eyes and Peter sees something’s wrong.
1) 5) dialog: How ya doin’? She wipes away the tears.
1) 16) dialog: So what does this mean... in terms of time? A glassy, far off look in his eyes.
1) 21) dialog: But there’s still a chance? That our baby will be healthy? INT. PETER’S CAR — DAY 4 Peter driving, Nina in the passenger seat beside him. The drive along a small suburban highway as it rains. The yel lines speed by on the wet pavement. A silent tension cuts through the car. Nina stares blankly out the window. But Peter has a look his eye like he’s about to explode. After a while he can’t take it anymore.
1) 22) dialog: You don’t want to do this, do you? She doesn’t respond. She just keeps staring out the windo PETER (CONT‘D) You have to say something.
1) 24) dialog: No one’s prepared to handle something like this. But you figure it out.
1) 26) dialog: Let’s stop at the Landers’. Nina doesn’t respond, her mind somewhere else.
1) 27) dialog: I want to drop off the papers on our way home. INT. PETER’S CAR - DAY 5 Heavy rain beats down on the manicured lawns. The wind whistles through the trees. 7. The signpost on the corner reads: “REYBURN DRIVE”. Peter Nina pull up to a driveway at the end of the cul-de-sac a park on the street. At the top of the driveway is a two-story mid-century mod ranch. A “FOR SALE” sign planted in the front lawn. House number 44, This is the LANDERS’ HOUSE.
1) 28) dialog: I'll be quick. Peter gets out of the car. Nina watches as he walks towar the house.
2) 0) text: Peter walks up the driveway, passing the FOR SALE sign mounted on the front lawn. The sign sports a cheesy, smil photo of Peter and Nina, before the pregnancy, and the wo “SPENCER REALTY”. The rain has started to come down harder, a dark cloud no casting ominous shadows overhead. Peter gets to the front door and knocks. Nothing. He waits a few moments and knoc again. Still nothing. He reaches into his pocket and takes out his phone. He di a number and holds the cell phone to his ear. The land li inside the house starts ringing. Peter looks into the windows. The house is empty and dark sign of anyone. The phone just keeps ringing as he stares into the seemingly empty house. The call goes to voicemai and he hangs up the phone. He looks down to the real estate issued lock box hanging the doorknob. He punches in the code and retrieves the ke from inside. He unlocks the door, and pushes it open. He sets one foot inside, and leans in.
2) 1) dialog: Hello? Anybody home? INT. PETER’S CAR - DAY 7 From afar, Nina watches her husband. There’s something captivating about the house, transfixing. She turns back to the street in front of her. Her eyes watching the rain beat down. The sound of the rain is hypnotic. Her mind is somewhere else.
2) 2) text: Startled, she flinches. It's Peter, knocking on the window, motioning for her to unlock the door. She breathes a sigh of relief. She unloc the door and he gets in.
2) 3) dialog: No one’s home. Wet, tired, and annoyed, Peter starts the car.
2) 4) dialog: I‘11 try again in the morning. After a beat:
2) 6) dialog: Like what?
2) 8) dialog: The husband?
2) 10) dialog: I think he’s painfully normal. They drive away. The house sits there, watching, waiting.
3) 0) text: Peter and Nina sit at the kitchen table eating dinner. Th eat in silence not looking up from their meals. It's terr tense. Finally, Peter breaks the silence.
3) 1) dialog: Can we taik about this? I can’t just sit here in silence like this and pretend like nothing’s wrong.
3) 3) dialog: I want you to tell me what's going on. Talk to me. I’m nervous too. I haven't had a good night sleep in weeks. And not knowing what’s going on with you is making this all so much harder, Her eyes downcast, she sighs. After a moment Nina respond
3) 5) dialog: Don‘t put this on me.
3) 7) dialog: No. I’m not mad. He's quiet. PETER (CONT‘D) It's just... we're getting older, and I don't know, I just feel like this is our last chance. She doesn’t know what to say. 10 10.
3) 9) dialog: Don’t apologize. Just tell me what you want to do. They sit there in silence.
4) 0) text: Unable to sleep, Peter lays awake in bed. His pregnant wi is fast asleep next to him. A bottle of sleeping pills si on the nightstand beside Peter. He eyes the pills, but he turns away. He lays there, staring at the ceiling, lost in thought. N rolls over, Her eyes still closed, half asleep, she grogg mutters to him.
5) 0) text: Peter peers out from the bedroom. At the other end of the hallway, there’s a door pushed open. All the lights in th house are off. Except for the room at the end of the hall 11 12 13 il. Peter walks down the hallway towards the room. Step by st his heart beats faster. Just then, the sound of a little girl laughing. Coming fr inside the room. Oddly mechanical sounding. But it makes Peter stop dead in his tracks. It’s quiet in the house. He turns and looks back to the bedroom where his pregnant wife lays sleeping. And then b to the room at the end of the hall. He takes a breath and steps closer to the open door. He stands outside the door and slowly pushes it open.
7) 0) text: Peter heads down the hallway towards the bathroom. But unbeknownst to him, a little girl quietly peels out of th nursery behind him. She crosses the hallway into the shadows and out of sight
8) 0) text: Peter's in the shower. The small tiled bathroom is filled with steam. Anxiety sweeps through him in waves. He lower his head, breathing deeply. The shower stream beating dow the back of his head, a steady pulsing to the sound. 14 12. He reaches for the bottle of shampoo and squirts a handfu into his palm. He closes his eyes and rubs the shampoo in his hair. A thick, oozing yellow substance bubbles up from the drai pooling at his feet. He can feel the sticky muck between toes. He opens his eyes and looks down. But there’s nothi there. He closes his eyes and continues to wash his hair. Outside the shower, a mirror is mounted to the wall above sink. For a moment, through the fogged shower door, throu the billows of steam, in the reflection, it seems as thou there’s a ghostly figure standing behind Peter in the sho Her arms wrapped around him. His hands reach back ag he rinses the lather from his hai And as he reaches back, he feels the woman behind him, Startled, his eyes shoot open and he gasps as he spins ar to see who’s in the shower behind him. But there's no one there. He turns off the shower and slides open the Plexiglas doo He takes a towel from the rack and dries himself off. He stands in front of the mirror. His reflection abstracted the fog. He wipes away the condensation with his hand, clearing his reflection in the mirror. He stands there staring at himself. Alone in the room.
9) 0) text: Still unable to sleep, Peter once again lays awake in bed staring at the ceiling. He turns and eyes the jar of slee pills. He thinks. Then reaches over to the nightstand and takes the jar. He shakes one into his hand and then one m He swallows the pills and lays down. He closes his eyes a tries to fall asleep. The moon shines brightly through the sheer curtains cover the windows. The room is dark, but an odd sound creeps up first, it seems as though its just the wind. Or the creak of the house. But the sound is something else. In the darkest corner across the room, the closet door is pushed open, only ever so slightly. As Peter finally succ to the waves of sleep, in his final moments of consciousn its as if he can feel someone breathing on the back of hi neck in the bed next to him. And standing behind the closet door, you can almost make the shape of a young girl standing in the shadows. One ey peering out. Her form only made out by the moonlight reflecting off her dark hair and the black of her eye. 15 13.
10) 0) text: The next morning, Peter walks out of the bedroom to find wife standing in the doorway of the nursery peering in. H watches her for a moment before he speaks.
10) 1) dialog: Hi. She turns.
10) 3) dialog: How do you feel? She’s quiet. She shakes her head.
10) 5) dialog: It'll be okay. We’ll figure it out. They stand there together for a moment staring into the nursery. Peter turns to his wife. PETER (CONT’D) You want breakfast? Lemme make you something. She turns to him and smiles.
10) 7) dialog: What? I’m a good cook, She heads down the stairs, calling back playfully over he shoulder as she goes.
10) 9) dialog: Arson’s not my thing. I’m too much of a wimp for all the flames.
11) 0) text: Peter pulls up in front of the Landers house. That odd, m century modern home on the cul-de-sac. House number 44, R beats down under the dark clouds overhead. INT. PETER‘S CAR - DAY 17 As he approaches the house, the car radio, playing the ne suddenly cuts to choppy static. For a moment, there’s a strange wheezing sound that emerges. But he puts the car park, shuts the engine, and rushes out into the rain. EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE — DAY 18 He hurries up the long driveway, holding his bag over his head to shield him from the rain. But as he approaches th front door, he has a strange feeling. An odd sound pokes through the whistle of the wind. That same wheeze. He rings the doorbell. No answer. He rings again. But the house remains silent. He knocks on the door.
11) 1) dialog: Hello? He waits. Nothing. He tries again.
11) 2) dialog: Hello? Still nothing. He sighs. He takes out his phone and dials number. The phone just rings and rings inside the house. hangs up the phone and knocks one more time. PETER (CONT‘D) Hello? The wind flaps the papers of the contract in his hands. H peers into the window beside the door. The house looks em He takes a step back and thinks for a moment. He turns th doorknob. It’s still unlocked. He opens the door and lean into the entryway of the house.
11) 3) dialog: Hello? Hello? 15. No one seems to be home. He leans back out and closes the door. He realizes there's something strange about steppin into someone else’s dark house. Ee looks around to see if anyone's been watching. Across the street is an older woman in a bathrobe and cur standing at the end of her driveway. A cigarette in one h today’s newspaper in the other. Who knows how long she’s standing there. Peter smiles and waves awkwardly. But the woman just star back at him with a blank, skeptical look. She takes a dra from her cigarette and heads back up her driveway. Peter turns back to the house. Just as he does, out of th corner of his eye, its as though the side gate creeps ope its own. Ee stares at it for a moment. He looks around to make sure no ones watching, and then walks through the ga to the side of the house. There, in the small garden, various everyday items are scattered violently about. A lamp shade, chairs and a tab broken vases and dishes, a scattered fish tank, a broken cooler, smashed flower pots, books and photo albums and garbage bags and groceries. The mess looks fresh. Flies buzzing all around. The stenc the rotting food is horrific. Peter recoils. PETER (CONT’D) Oh god. Looking around the garden, he notices a small mound of di in the corner. It looks new, like it’s been made in the l few days. He continues toward the back of the garden, tak care not to step on anything. He looks at the mess as he wades through it.
11) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ. At his feet is a flower pot that looks like it’s been bur Toppled over, its contents are strewn about the walkway. Amongst the charred remains are two burned plane tickets books about child psychology, developmental disorders, an autism. He reaches down for one of the books. Just then, he notices something out of the corner of his Staring back at him through the kitchen sliding door, fro inside the house is little MELINDA LANDERS (6). For a moment he’s startled by the sight. But he laughs. 19 16.
11) 5) dialog: You scared me. He walks towards the sliding doors. The little girl just stands there on the other side of the glass. Rocking back forth, ever so slightly. An odd blank stare across her fa Peter smiles. PETER (CONT’D) Are your parents home? Melinda remains silent, looking back at Peter with dim ey
11) 6) dialog: Can you hear me? Her eyes are unfocused as her rocking slows. It seems as she isn't looking at Peter, but someone behind him.
11) 7) dialog: Hello? The little girl silently steps back, and disappears out through the kitchen door, into the dark shadows of the ho
11) 8) dialog: Wait! He hurries back around to the front door. He reaches for doorknob and opens the door. He calls out cautiously as h enters the house.
11) 9) dialog: I'm coming in.
12) 1) dialog: Peter Spencer here. I have your Papers with me. He waits for a response. But there isn’t one. PETER (CONT’D) Hello? 20 17. Still no response. He walks deeper into the house. Slowly walks down the hallway. The living room is on his right. Inside, he sees Melinda sitting limply on the sofa. She j sits there staring off into space. Rocking back and forth
12) 2) dialog: Hey there. The little girl doesn’t acknowledge him as he steps into room.
13) 1) dialog: Are your parents home? The girl remains silent. She stares at a point on the wal absentmindedly as she rocks. Bags under her eyes. Band-aids covering large scrapes on knees and the palms of her hands. Her lips terribly chapp And there’s something deeply unsettling about her stare. eyes, dark, almost seem to be swollen. Her eyelids bloate
13) 2) dialog: Are you okay? But Melinda just keeps staring at the wall. Peter sits do on the couch opposite the girl. You can see his readiness fatherhood in how he interacts with the girl.
13) 3) dialog: Where are your parents? Nothing. He looks around at the mess. His eagerness to he the child in need and unbridled patience are qualities ma only by parenthood.
13) 4) dialog: Did something happen? Still nothing. The house is so quiet. The silence in the accumulates like cold air. Peter feels a deep sense of foreboding. He stands and takes his phone from his pocket, unable to still from the unease. He dials a number and holds the ph to his ear. It rings and rings. He waits. 18. Finally, it goes to voicemail.
13) 6) dialog: (into the phone) Hey there. Peter Spencer here. From Spencer Realty. I’m actually... I'm actually at your house right now. Wanted to get your signature on the closing contracts. He paces around the room. PETER (CONT‘D) (into the phone) I’ll try you at work. And your wife’s number. His back to the little girl sitting quietly on the couch.
13) 7) dialog: (into the phone) Your daughter’s here. Seems like something happened over here. Just then, the smallest drop of bile dribbles slowly from little girl's lips to her chin.
13) 8) dialog: (into the phone) Just making sure everything’s okay. Feeling the moisture, she looks down casually.
13) 9) dialog: (into the phone) Well, yeah, I guess, just give me a call back when you get this. You've got my number. The girl touches the wetness on her chin and looks down a the smear of bile rubbed across her fingertips. But Peter doesn’t notice. He hangs up the phone, CUT TO BLACK. 21 19. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 21 Upstairs, little Melinda Landers paces around her room in panic. FIONA LANDERS (40), six months pregnant, stands in doorway, concerned.
47) 0) text: It’s night now at the Landers’ house. Peter Spencer is st waiting with Melinda in the empty home. His phone starts buzz. He looks down at the screen: “NINA”. He picks up the phon
47) 1) dialog: Hi.
47) 3) dialog: Still at the house. He sounds annoyed.
47) 5) dialog: Not yet.
47) 7) dialog: I’m exhausted.
47) 9) dialog: No idea.
47) 11) dialog: She’s sleeping. Nina makes a strange sound on the other end of the line. PETER (CONT‘D) What's wrong?
48) 2) dialog: (over the phone) How are you feeling about everything? She doesn’t know how to respond.
48) 3) dialog: (over the phone) I know thig isn't the time, but... He sighs. PETER (CONT’D) (over the phone) I just want to know where we are. She takes a moment to gather the words. After a few momen she speaks.
49) 0) text: Peter sits there stunned, the phone pressed tightly to hi ear. He’s quiet. It hasn’t quite hit him yet.
49) 2) dialog: Yeah, I’m still here. I’m really happy tha-~ Suddenly, the doorbell rings. Peter’s eyes dart to the fr door.
49) 4) dialog: Maybe they’re finally home.
49) 6) dialog: Lemme get it. I’11 call you later. 58.
49) 8) dialog: I love you too, He hangs up the phone. He walks to the door and peers through the peep hole. Som is standing on the other side of the door, But whoever it they’re standing too close to the door to see. He tries to discern who he’s looking at but he can’t tell he opens the door. But there’s no one there. Confused, Peter stares at the empty doorstep. He takes a outside and looks around. No sign of anyone. Plagued by exhaustion he brushes it off and he steps back inside. The house is now even darker since night has fall Peter hears a strange wheezing hiss coming from somewhere the house. A wet, crackling wheeze. Unnerved, he looks around. He returns to the living room to find that the girl is no gone. Confused, he looks around the house. The bathroom, guest room, the kitchen. He checks every room on the firs floor. But can’t find the little girl anywhere. He heads back to the entryway and looks up the steep stai near the front door. At his feet, he sees stains in the carpet runner that look like black ink spilled down the staircase. It's sticky under his feet. As he heads up the stairs, he can clearly hear a child's voice coming from the second floor. And more faintly, he hears an adult woman’s voice, Fear like he’s never experienced before runs though his b Holding his breath, he sneaks up the stairs, step by step the top of the stairs, his heart is racing. Beating out o his chest. And then he hears that odd mechanical laugh. The doll’s l he'd heard in his own home the night before. Coming from door at the end of the hallway. His heart skips a beat. Hesitant, he makes his way down the hallway towards the sound. As he gets closer, he can almost make out what the child inside the room is saying. But the woman's voice is soft, almost a whisper. 70 71 59.
49) 9) dialog: Hello? Slowly he steps closer and closer. The two voices inside room getting louder. He gets to the door but waits. And t slowly, he pushes it open. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA‘S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 70 But the only person in the room is Melinda. The room is clearly the girl’s bedroom. Crayon drawings d by the girl litter the floor. All of them are the same. A bloody little girl next to a bloody woman with a baby i her belly, chopped up into pieces. A heavy black smudge scratched into every one, hovering above the bloody bodie Melinda sits on the floor, rocking back and forth, scratc a black smudge into a new drawing. She pays no attention Peter, out of breath, standing in the doorway. He looks around, baffled.
49) 10) dialog: Were you just talking to someone? Melinda is engrossed in her picture and doesn’t look up t acknowledge him. He steps into the room and looks at the pictures scattered on the floor. They’re surreal. And incredibly creepy. Suddenly, Melinda looks up to the ceiling. Peter looks up large dark spot of dripping, fetid, black mold is growing from the wet, rotting drywall in the ceiling. He looks ba to Melinda, staring at the stain above them. Right then, he hears the whir of a circular saw buzzing f another room. He turns, startled by the sound.
50) 0) text: Peter steps into the upstairs bathroom. The same black st he‘d seen downstairs are scattered about the floor and th ceiling is a rotten mess of black mold. Peter flips the l switch on the wall, but the lights don’t come on. He looks down into the bathtub and sees the mess of scrat and grooves left by a circular saw. The porcelain mangled with jagged scars. Then, that sound again, that horrible wheezing hiss. The sound crawls up his spine, chilling him to the core. His heart starts to race. His mouth dry, his legs weak, h can’t catch his breath. But the wheeze slowly becomes the sound of swarming flies. He turns towards the sound. Flies are swarming from the closet in the wall behind him. He creeps closer to the cl doors, left open only ever so slightly. The sound of the flies swarming growing louder and louder opens the door and more flies swarm out of the closet, fl to freedom. Inside the closet, is a small door in the ceiling leading a crawl space overhead. At the edges of the door in the ceiling, a whole nest of flies has made home in the crevi Swarming and crawling all over it. Peter swats his way to the door above him and pushes it o It flings open with a thud. More flies flood from the sha of the crawl space. He steps into the closet and peers hi head up into the darkness. 73 61. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (CRAWL SPACE) —- NIGHT 73 Peter looks around in the small crawl space. It’s so dark that he can’t be sure, but it looks like there is somethi laying a few feet in front of him. A large heap of someth Swarming with flies. As his eyes adjust, he thinks he can make it out. Somethi wrapped in plastic. He reaches into his pocket and takes his phone. He flips it open, using the dimly illuminated screen as a flashlight. And then he sees her. Chopped up. Mangled. Parceled into four translucent garba bags. Fiona Landers’ decaying, pregnant, maggot ridden corpse. Her lifeless eyes, forever open.
50) 1) dialog: Oh my god. CUT TO BLACK. 74 62. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 74 Melinda sits in her bed rocking back and forth. Her eyes wide. The bedroom door is closed. But she can hear her parents fighting in the other room.
97) 0) text: The inside of the home is nice; nothing overly elegant, b there’s a definite taste and style to the decor. Children toys and smiling family photos indicate nothing but the l of an ordinary family. A mother, a father, and a young daughter. The hallway. The kitchen. The living room. Moving boxes litter the rooms. We know the house well. But there’s something different about it. No sign of Peter Spencer anywhere. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - DAY 128 Fiona rushes into Melinda’s bedroom. Her heart racing,
107) 0) text: Fiona’s dismembered corpse remains parcelled away in plas bags in the crawl space. Her eyes forever open. And time passes. A little over a week. And we watch as he body decomposes in time-lapse. Transitioning to the way w saw it when Peter discovered it. And then Peter is standing there looking at it, having ju found the body in the fly-ridden crawl space. Just where left him. Half out of his mind with fright, he tumbles back down in the Landers’ master bedroom. 140 112.
108) 0) text: Peter scrambles back into the hallway and rushes to Melin bedroom. He swings open the door, but she’s gone. He rush back into the hallway crying out.
108) 1) dialog: Where are you? We can’t stay here! Panicked, he runs down the stairs. Running from room to r The living room. The guest room. The bathroom. All empty. little girl is nowhere to be found. He runs to the kitche But there’s still no sign of her. Just then, he hears a thud from the second floor. As if something heavy has fallen. He looks up. There's a sound coming from the staircase in the other ro Like someone dragging wet plastic. The sound gets closer closer. Little Melinda, suddenly right next to him, holds his han Slowly, the door creeps open. Then he hears it again. Tha chilling, wheezing sound. Seeping from the pierced lungs broken ribs of Fiona Landers’ dying body. Fiona’s mangled corpse crawls through the doorway. Peter’s strength drains from his body. His vision goes bl as his knees fold under him, collapsing on the spot. He slumps against the wall, staring off into space. Horrifie terrified, overwhelmed. Fiona’s pregnant body, broken and twisted. She desperatel crawls across the floor towards him. Her broken arms feeb tugging her limp body weight behind her across the linole tile. Her fingernails peeling off the soft flesh of her rotten fingers as she slithers her gnarled corpse even closer. Rotted limbs tear from the corpse as she drags herself, leaving behind a trail of organs and entrails spilling ou her. Flies swarm around her festering wounds. Clutched in her arms is the body of her dead fetus still attached to Fiona by the umbilical chord. The slimy mass decaying in her arms. But behind the ghostly eyes, Peter sees the solemn stare mother who lost her child and it’s haunting, 113. Suddenly, the house phone starts to ring. Peter's heart pounds wildly in his chest. Ring ring. Ring ring. Melinda, still tightly holding his hand, has bile pouring from her lips. The girl seems not to mind as she hold her doll tightly. But Peter is paralyzed with fear. Ring ring. Ring ring. Fiona's body shiny with blood and wrapped in clear plasti She opens her mouth halfway, dribbling fresh blood, emitt that horrific croaking sound from the back of her throat. Peter, still on the floor, frantically scrambles backward Fiona’s swollen and decaying lips move as if trying to sp Ring ring. Ring ring. Peter groans as he slides further back. Boxed into the co of the room by Fiona’s crawling corpse with nowhere to ru Her hair, stringy and oily and black, falling out by the clump, leaving a trail behind her, like some fetid slug. Ring ring. Finally the phone goes to the answering machin
108) 4) dialog: Oh my god. His heart racing, his eyes wide. Peter is frozen. Overcome with fear. 141 142 114.
109) 6) dialog: Why did you make me do this? 143 144 145 1l6.
110) 0) text: Morning light pours into the bedroom. Peter hangs from a in the ceiling. An extension cord as a noose. The body fl sloppily side to side from the choppy motion of the ceili fan tangled in the cord. Nina's body, bloody, lays on the floor by his feet. Her lifeless eyes, open, staring up at him. Her blood splashe and splattered across the walls. The telephone rings as sirens blare outside and officers pound and shout at the front door.
113) 0) text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the w Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged in massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up t on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sa As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s, other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Dri Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.