11) 0) text: Peter pulls up in front of the Landers house. That odd, m century modern home on the cul-de-sac. House number 44, R beats down under the dark clouds overhead. INT. PETER‘S CAR - DAY 17 As he approaches the house, the car radio, playing the ne suddenly cuts to choppy static. For a moment, there’s a strange wheezing sound that emerges. But he puts the car park, shuts the engine, and rushes out into the rain. EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE — DAY 18 He hurries up the long driveway, holding his bag over his head to shield him from the rain. But as he approaches th front door, he has a strange feeling. An odd sound pokes through the whistle of the wind. That same wheeze. He rings the doorbell. No answer. He rings again. But the house remains silent. He knocks on the door.
13) 5) dialog: (over the phone) You've reached Sam Landers. Leave a message. He’s clearly nervous, but he puts on a fake calm affect t his voice.
13) 20) dialog: What? She gets up off the floor and leaves the room. cUT TO BLACK. 22 21. TITLE CARD: “GOODMAN & MULDOON”
24) 0) text: It’s the middle of the night. Muldoon is awake in bed wit her laptop in her lap. The room is dark except for the gl from the computer. On the screen, she searches the address they’d found at t crime scene. 44 Reyburn Drive. She scrolls through the results. A number of news sources reporting the same story. She clicks on the first link. "Murder on Reyburn Drive.” She scrolls through the articl “Bodies of mother and daughter found...child's body found with signs of suspected child abuse.” She scrolls down to a picture of the happy family. “Bveryone who knew the family said Sam Landers was nothin but normal. He seemed like a perfect husband and father.”
44) 0) text: Sam Landers drives down a suburban highway. His wife Fion the passenger seat beside him. A palpable tension cuts through the car.
44) 1) dialog: You really want to go through all this again?
44) 3) dialog: I just don't believe it.
44) 5) dialog: Have you ever seen her be violent? She looks at him, surprised by the question.
44) 6) dialog: She’s just hyper. It’s all that shit you let her eat. Fiona takes a deep breath. Trying not to explode.
44) 8) dialog: For what? His blood is starting to boil.
44) 10) dialog: Enough with this shit! There’s nothing wrong with my daughter. 65 66 54.
44) 12) dialog: We're here.
45) 0) text: They pull into the parking lot of Spencer Realty. The off is small and tucked away on the side of the road. Sam par the car and they head into the small one story building.
46) 0) text: Fiona and Sam walk into the waiting room as Nina Spencer escorting out Detective Muldoon. In the small waiting are the Landers take a seat by the window while Nina and Muld exchange their goodbyes.
50) 0) text: Peter steps into the upstairs bathroom. The same black st he‘d seen downstairs are scattered about the floor and th ceiling is a rotten mess of black mold. Peter flips the l switch on the wall, but the lights don’t come on. He looks down into the bathtub and sees the mess of scrat and grooves left by a circular saw. The porcelain mangled with jagged scars. Then, that sound again, that horrible wheezing hiss. The sound crawls up his spine, chilling him to the core. His heart starts to race. His mouth dry, his legs weak, h can’t catch his breath. But the wheeze slowly becomes the sound of swarming flies. He turns towards the sound. Flies are swarming from the closet in the wall behind him. He creeps closer to the cl doors, left open only ever so slightly. The sound of the flies swarming growing louder and louder opens the door and more flies swarm out of the closet, fl to freedom. Inside the closet, is a small door in the ceiling leading a crawl space overhead. At the edges of the door in the ceiling, a whole nest of flies has made home in the crevi Swarming and crawling all over it. Peter swats his way to the door above him and pushes it o It flings open with a thud. More flies flood from the sha of the crawl space. He steps into the closet and peers hi head up into the darkness. 73 61. INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (CRAWL SPACE) —- NIGHT 73 Peter looks around in the small crawl space. It’s so dark that he can’t be sure, but it looks like there is somethi laying a few feet in front of him. A large heap of someth Swarming with flies. As his eyes adjust, he thinks he can make it out. Somethi wrapped in plastic. He reaches into his pocket and takes his phone. He flips it open, using the dimly illuminated screen as a flashlight. And then he sees her. Chopped up. Mangled. Parceled into four translucent garba bags. Fiona Landers’ decaying, pregnant, maggot ridden corpse. Her lifeless eyes, forever open.
50) 3) dialog: You keep saying this! But there's nothing wrong with her!
50) 7) dialog: Have you ever thought that maybe it's you? The silence that follows is deafening. And then she explo
79) 1) dialog: How dare you speak to me like that! Melinda hears the slap across her mother’s face. She kick and flails.
79) 2) dialog: Don't look at me like that. And then the sound of pots and pans crashing. Plates smashing. And the sound of her mother crying.
97) 6) dialog: Fiona? The voice sends a chill up her spine. She hurries Melinda to the closet and guides her inside.
98) 0) text: Fiona darts out of the bedroom, closing the door behind h But as she turns to continue down the hall. Sam is right there behind her.
98) 1) dialog: What’s going on? Fiona pushes past him towards the stairs.
98) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
98) 5) dialog: You can’t leave.
98) 7) dialog: Don’t just walk away from me! She stops at the top of the stairs. She turns back and st deep into his eyes. Pale faced and red eyed, she chokes b sobs.
98) 10) dialog: You aren't taking her anywhere. She backs away as he grows nearer. Closer to the edge of steps. She shudders at the sight of him. The disgust drip from her voice.
98) 12) dialog: Why did you make me do this?
98) 14) dialog: Baby? Melinda watches through the crack in the door as her fath looks around the pitch black room.
98) 15) dialog: Baby? Where are you? Melinda, frightened to her core, peels back into the shad of the closet.
98) 16) dialog: We have to go baby. Her father kneels down to look under the bed. He lifts th sheets, hoping to find his daughter hiding underneath. But he doesn't. 107.
98) 17) dialog: 
98) 19) dialog: No, no, no! It’s okay baby. It’s okay. I'm here. Melinda starts to swing her arms, her fists flapping. She starts to hit herself.
98) 20) dialog: Stop! No. Baby. Stop. It’s okay. He grabs her by the wrists and tackles her to the ground. trying to restrain her. But only adding fuel to the fire. She thrashes in his arms.
98) 21) dialog: Stop! Stop! She screams and flails.
98) 22) dialog: 
98) 24) dialog: 
98) 26) dialog: That's a good girl. That’s my girl. Until she isn’t moving. SAM (CONT’D) Shhh. It's okay. It's okay. He looks down and notices her swollen, glassy eyes. He sh her to try to wake her up.
98) 27) dialog: Melinda? Nothing.
98) 28) dialog: Melinda?
99) 2) dialog: Yeah. Fiona turns to her daughter, rocking back and forth, with worried look across her face. A wrapped present waiting patiently in her lap.
99) 5) dialog: Pick it up and let daddy see! The little girl holds up the doll for the camera. SAM (0.S.) (CONT‘D) Is that the one you wanted? The little girl nods. Fiona watches her daughter, smiling And then the tape stops. Paused on a frame of the happy family. Sam sits on the couch watching the tape. The remote in hi hand, he stares at the still image. With tears in his eye
102) 0) text: Sam hides the bags filled with Fiona’s dismembered body i the crawl space.
103) 0) text: Sam digs a small grave in the backyard. He still can’t st the tears. Melinda's body, wrapped up in her bed sheets, sits beside small child-sized hole. He rolls her body into the hole a covers it with a small mound of dirt. He can’t believe what he’s done.
104) 0) text: Sam is having a fit. Smashing and breaking everything in sight. Throwing things from the house in a angry fit of r Screaming uncontrollably. Until finally he collapses to his knees. Sobbing.
105) 0) text: Sam rushes to his car parked in the garage. He gets in in hurry and thrusts the keys into the ignition. He starts t car. He's sweating bullets. His heart is racing. He’s panicked Beside the rearview mirror is the remote for the garage d He clicks to open the door. But it doesn’t cpen. He tries again, but still the door behind him won’t open. He locks to the button on the wall outside the car. He tr to open the car door, but its locked. He unlocks it. But immediately locks on its own. He tries again. But again, it locks on its own. The car running, exhaust fumes rise around the car. Increasingly frantic, Sam tries to escape the vehicle. Tr to bust through the door.
105) 1) dialog: Come on! Come on! 138 139 111. Suddenly, the windows of the car slowly go down just a fe inches on their own. Not open enough to reach through. Bu open enough to let the fumes in. Sam watches, confused. He coughs. Gagging on the fumes as the garage continues t fill with smoke. He crawls through the car to the backsea Trying all the doors. SAM (CONT’D) No! No! But he can’t get out. He’s trapped. His eyes bright red. His face blue from the lack of oxyge He coughs, spitting up bile. Desperately gasping for air. He starts to feel faint. Dizzy and woozy. Weak as he lose consciousness. Coughing a wet and violent cough as he bla out. He looks up, and there, outside the car, standing right i front of it, are Fiona and Melinda. Staring back at him through the clouds of smoke. Smiling. He stares back. His eyes wide and terrified.
106) 0) text: Sam’s screams echo through the night. Dark clouds pass ov the moon. Neighborhood dogs bark in the distance. But the screams fade. And the house lays quiet in the nig
108) 3) dialog: (on the answering machine) Why did you make me do this? The sound that plays from the answering machine is terrifying. A collage of sounds building to a chaos. Fiona's screams and cries and the sound of her bones brea as she topples down the stairs. The sound of little Melin squealing and gasping for air. The sound of a circular sa against bone.
112) 0) text: EMTs carry Fiona and Melinda out of the house in body bag Wilson passes the last of them on his way into the house. steps into the entryway and looks around. He walks slowly down the hallway, taking note of everythi Eventually, he makes his way to the living room. Alone in house, he takes it all in. He notices something across the room. Atop the mantle, si family photo of the Landers family. He walks over and tak closer look. Fiona, Melinda, and Sam. All smiling. All happy. An odd quiet comes over the house. And then that horrible sound. That chilling, wheezing sound... That seeped from the pierced lungs and broken ribs of Fio Landers’ dying body futilely clinging to life. CcuT TO BLACK.