50) 10) dialog: Shh. It's okay. It's okay. Tears stream down his face. He rocks back and forth with wife's seizing body. Like a parent trying to sooth a chil WILLIAM (CONT’D) It'll be over soon. An empty bottle of pills sits on the table beside the bed struggles to speak, choking on his words.
50) 11) dialog: I love you. The old woman’s thrashing slows to sporadic twitches. He her tight, brushing the hair from her face lovingly.
50) 12) dialog: I’1l be with you soon. But the gurgle of her tongue down her throat is haunting.
52) 2) dialog: How long will it take her to die?
53) 0) text: William, on the couch, stares intensely at Lorna, sitting the armchair across from him. His eyes wide and tired.
53) 2) dialog: How long will it take her to die? Her word choice is deliberate.
53) 4) dialog: But how long will it take her to die? She cuts to the chase.
53) 6) dialog: Can I get you something? Tea? Coffee? He's nervous.
53) 8) dialog: How many times have you done this?
53) 10) dialog: We found out she was sick last year. She was pretty far gone before we realized. We moved here to be closer to her doctors. But after the move she started getting worse. She lost all feeling waist down. Can’t stand, can’t walk, nothing.
53) 12) dialog: Before we knew about your organization, she tried to end her life.
53) 14) dialog: She used to be a nurse...
53) 16) dialog: But she’s tried three times. The first time, she was out for a while. And I promised her I wouldn’t call an ambulance or anything. I told her I would just be there for her until she woke up. Lorna listens closely as the older man speaks, watching h with a sympathetic gaze.
53) 17) dialog: We regrouped, and when she felt stronger, she tried again, upping the dosage. And she was out longer. But she still woke up. (MORE )
53) 19) dialog: And I just sat with her. Through all of it. Alone. He starts to tear up.
53) 20) dialog: She tried one more time. And she was out for four days. And I just sat there with her. Waiting for her to die. Tears roll down his cheeks. WILLIAM (CONT’D) I was terrified. He hides his eyes as he wipes the moisture from beneath h glasses. WILLIAM (CONT‘D) I went up there one time, and I almost thought I would have to put a pillow over her face. Can you believe that? He hangs his head. WILLIAM (CONT’D) She woke up again. After four days. He breathes a heavy sigh of defeat.
53) 21) dialog: I can't do it anymore. Lorna can see the toll that this has taken on the man. Sh smiles.
53) 23) dialog: Me too. The man’s stare is piercing.
54) 0) text: William stands in the doorway watching Lorna with his wif Faith is in a wheelchair in the corner of the room. A gla far off look in her eyes. Lorna sits at the foot of the bed talking to her.
54) 8) dialog: Please, I understand that...
54) 10) dialog: What am I supposed to do?
54) 12) dialog: I don’t want to talk to any more doctors! Please, you can’t just leave. She's at a loss for words.
59) 0) text: William comes in from the hall and flicks on the light.
59) 1) dialog: I made up the guest room for you. We recognize the room. The bedroom once belonged to Melin Landers. Now it's decorated as a very sparse, utilitarian guest bedroom with a fold out couch. The couch has been pulled out, and the bed is made. William looks around. There isn’t much other furniture or decoration in the room. Embarrassed, he smiles.
59) 2) dialog: We don‘t get much company. She smiles as she wheels her suitcase into the room.
59) 4) dialog: Leaky roof. 74. Looks like more than a leaky roof.
59) 6) dialog: Like I said. Don’t get much company. They stand there awkwardly for a moment.
59) 7) dialog: Is there anything else I can get you?
59) 9) dialog: Alright, well, I have to run to the store for some dinner. I won't be long.
59) 11) dialog: Don't have much in the kitchen either.
65) 2) dialog: In here! She rushes down the hallway to the living room where Will and Faith are watching TV.
65) 6) dialog: He’s here again. He listens.
65) 7) dialog: Yeah. Okay, see you scon. He hangs up the phone.
65) 9) dialog: He's a cop. Lorna walks to the window.
65) 11) dialog: Who knows. He worked a case here before we moved in, Now he won’t leave us alone. William wipes drool from Faith's lower lip. Her eyes are glazed, but there’s a smile on her face as the helpless w watches the television.
65) 14) dialog: Would you want me to tell you if it was?
67) 0) text: Lorna stands at the counter chopping vegetables, preparin dinner for William. William sits at the table beside his in her wheelchair. Lorna watches as the man spoon feeds his catatonic wife. moment is difficult to watch. Faith, at the moment, is in total catatonic state. Her eyes glassy, wide, and far off William scoops a spoon into the small jar of baby food an holds it to his wife's limp lips.
67) 1) dialog: That's it. He eases the spoon into her mouth and then manually moves jaw and rubs her throat to help her swallow.
67) 2) dialog: Doin' good, babe. Lorna watches how gentle and calm he is with her.
67) 4) dialog: She‘s been sweet to me my whole life. Its the least I can do. She watches how dedicated and unbothered he is as he does this otherwise tediously upsetting task.
67) 6) dialog: Fifty years next month. 95 96 97 82. He says it with a smile. He wipes away the food dribbling down his wife’s chin with his thumb, lovingly, and kisses forehead.
71) 0) text: She steps back into the dark hallway. From the top of the stairs, she can see William downstairs. He’s in the livin room asleep in front of the TV. Then the crying again. From a room behind her. She looxs around for the woman she’d seen only moments ago. But the no sign of her anywhere. Lorna turns towards the sound of the cries down the hall. hesitates for a moment. But starts to walk towards it. Growing louder as she approaches. As she passes the bedroom she'd been sleeping in, we noti the shadow of a little girl curled up on the foot of the Rocking back and forth. But Lorna doesn’t notice. Focused on the growing noise of the uncontrollable sobs behind the door in front of her. 99 100
72) 3) dialog: What's wrong? There’s a panic in his voice as he looks around the room. Lorna is shaken with fright. Panting, out of breath. William looks to her. WILLIAM (CONT‘D) What happened? Lorna turns to the bed. Under the sheets, tucked in neatl and untouched, is Faith Matheson. Her eyes open in a coma stare.
73) 0) text: Lorna sits at the kitchen table sweating bullets. Eyes wi she sips a cup of coffee. Her hands are shaking. William stands leaning on the counter by the sink. 101 85.
73) 3) dialog: I thought someone like you might not mind our... unique situation. Clearly he was wrong, as the woman is visibly shaken.
73) 6) dialog: Seeing them gives me hope that maybe she’1l stick around too. After it's all over. Lorna thinks about the sentiment. But she doesn’t know ho feel about it. WILLIAM (CONT’D) It’s the only hope I have. The morbidly twisted logic is oddly heartwarming.
75) 0) text: The sun has come up and its now well into morning. Willia stands at the counter preparing breakfast. Faith in her wheelchair, more coherent today, wheels herself into the room. William turns to her and smiles.
75) 1) dialog: Still feeling good? She keeps looking behind her, a paranoid look in her eye. WILLIAM (CONT’D) What's wrong?
75) 4) dialog: That's Lorna sweetheart. Remember?
75) 6) dialog: She’s here to help us.
75) 8) dialog: Don‘t you remember sweetheart? We called her together. Last week. 103 104 87. He can tell from the look on her face that Faith is frustrated. He rubs her shoulders.
75) 9) dialog: It's okay, babe. She’s here to end all of this. But there's an odd, skeptical look in Faith's eye.
75) 10) dialog: Wanna help me with breakfast?
113) 0) text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the w Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged in massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up t on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sa As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s, other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Dri Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.