13) 0) text: The sun rises over the campus, as students make their way class. GONG! The bells in the campanile sound the hour, signalli the start of the day. A slug student realizes he’s late.
18) 0) text: Mike and Sulley head into the party and barrel through. A student hangs from the ceiling, having a great time.
19) 0) text: Mike rides Archie through a dance party. He collides with a guy playing football and falls off the pig.
24) 0) text: On the field, the MU team scores a touchdown. Monster cheerleaders start to cheer, the MU band strikes up.
26) 0) text: Mike and Sulley are next to each other on the treadmills. They start to compete with each other. Mike speeds up so Sulley speeds up too. But it is too much for him and he falls off the treadmill. Mike laughs but then falls off too, spinning and then fly off.
32) 0) text: A nervous student stands on stage by the simulator, waiti for his exam to start. 43.
34) 0) text: Mike emerges from class, dejected. He heads toward his do We pull out and reveal that Sulley is walking next to him still glaring....Mike pays no attention. Sulley stops and watches Mike walk off ahead of him. INT. MIKE’S DORM ROOM Mike slowly walks into his room, depressed, shutting the world out. He stands by his bed and stares at his MU hat, then looks the window at the School of Scaring across the quad. His heart breaks. He looks down at his lame scream can tech book. His frustration boils and he throws the book against the wall The book knocks down his calendar revealing the Scare Gam poster. Mike’s brow raises and a smile slowly grows acros his face. He quickly tears the poster off the wall.
38) 18) dialog: (gruff) Hey! I’m Art. New Age Philosophy major. (MORE )
38) 20) dialog: Thought you might like to keep a dream journal. Suddenly, Squishy pops up right behind Sulley.
38) 33) dialog: Yeah, me neither. (to Mike) I don’t wanna get too big. (sniff)
40) 5) dialog: No matter how horrifying! Squishy whacks Sulley on the butt with a paddle.
40) 33) dialog: That’s going in the album. Don runs up the stairs out of breath.
41) 1) dialog: Of all the sewers on campus this one has always been my favorite. 65.
41) 3) dialog: I have a life outside of the house, you know! As they step forward and turn a corner, they hear voices. and then they see: The assembled throng for the first event of the Scare Gam The Greek Council president and VP stand in the center of sewer, on a stage against a wall. All the competing fraternities and sororities are there, gathered around the stage.
41) 17) dialog: I wanna touch it. ON president.
41) 19) dialog: Yeah, I wanna touch ‘em. ON VP.
41) 49) dialog: I’m gonna TOUCH ‘EM! He immediately hits a bunch of the glow urchins, which illuminate, shocking him. He comes crashing down and look over at his leg, which immediately balloons right up.
41) 50) dialog: (vocs getting hit & falling, then laughing) AH! WHOA! Ah! (ballooning up)
42) 9) dialog: I have an extra toe. (laughing, sotto) Not with me of course. Mike calls out to quiet the team.
42) 11) dialog: Done.
42) 33) dialog: Huh?
45) 0) text: ON Mike and the misfits shocked as the librarian soars ov them to the other end of the library. Mike breaths deeply, turns around and starts to put his f down. The board underneath squeaks so Mike quickly moves it to another board. The misfits begin a slow, steady pace through the library they literally walk exactly as Mike does. Sulley can’t handle their pace.
45) 4) dialog: (whispered) Slow and steady.
45) 9) dialog: (repeated) Sullivan!
45) 15) dialog: (repeated)
45) 24) dialog: (repeated) (sigh)
46) 1) dialog: Woo! We did it! Mike spins around furious.
48) 0) text: The Oozmas head up the stairs to the ROR house. Sulley lo uncomfortable as they approach the closed door. Hearing t loud music, the misfits start to get cold feet.
48) 44) dialog: Yeah, but I’m pretty sure they read the quad. Mike looks over, stunned. Trees, light posts, poster kios all covered with the photo in every shape and size. The entire quad is blanketed with the embarrassing image as students look on and laugh. A giant banner is unfurled on the clock tower. Mike’s shock is broken by an offscreen voice.
50) 2) dialog: Excuse me, my leg’s caught. There we go, I got it.
50) 6) dialog: Hey, uh, where are we? Mike walks up to a gate with the guys behind him. Mike lo over the gate in awe, as we reveal... Monsters, Incorpora
50) 10) dialog: Nice fence.
51) 31) dialog: I can’t go back to jail! Art starts running, the others quickly follow.
52) 8) dialog: Oh, I want a piece of that action! They all jump onto Sulley’s back. Sulley rounds the corner, now carrying all the misfits.
53) 8) dialog: In, in!
53) 17) dialog: Let's break in somewhere else! 101.
55) 7) text: (startled awake) Ah!
58) 9) text: Buzz, fail! Eventually the whole team is trapped in the middle of the maze with nowhere to go. Art comes dashing around a corner. A teenager on a stande pops up.
65) 14) dialog: Yes, yes, right on!
65) 23) dialog: Unleash the beast, Don! Don looks nervous, but does his best to cover.
73) 0) text: A door opens and in walks the silhouette of a human. But then the human splits apart into a four-armed, two-headed creature and lunges into the foreground revealing Terri a Terry, roaring. The kid screams.
75) 0) text: Art comes in, taking large steps across the room then balancing on his hands. It’s a mixture of break-dancing a yoga. He flattens and rolls under the bed. A four-armed bug monster from the ROR team let's loose hi scare. ON scoreboard as the bug guy creates an even bigger lead.
75) 2) dialog: (warbled) Roar! Art’s scream can only fills up halfway. Not enough points pull up to the RORs. ON MIKE, disappointed. It’s not looking good for the Oozm the RORs have too big a lead. But they rally anyway.
81) 7) dialog: (laughing) Awesome. Sulley laughs as he looks for Mike.
81) 24) text: Why?! Why did you do this? Mike’s face drops, his heart breaks.
86) 0) text: Mike places a scream can in its station. He takes off his and places it on a scream can as he faces off with the do 131. He powers up the door. In the background, we hear security guards trying to get Mike has blocked the door with a cart full of scream cans
101) 5) dialog: Harsh, man.
106) 10) text: A series of photos of the guys, through time: ..-Mike and Sulley in the mail room - 1st Day Monsters In We pull out to reveal Mike’s locker. It opens to... ..-Mike and Sulley in the mail room - Most Mail Delivered Pan up and we see their picture in the company newsletter ...working as janitors - Meet Your New Janitorial Team Pan over to shot of them in the kitchen... .-.lst Day Cafeteria Workers. Pan up to another newsletter photo... .+.-Team Sullivan and Wazowski serving soup, “SOUP’er Tea Farther up...lst Day Can Wranglers! Then to a flyer that reads...Monsters, Inc. Scare Tryouts We see a shot of Mike showing Sulley how to perform a sca Pan down to....Sulley trying out for a scare job, “Impres New Recruits.” A photo of Mike and Sulley shaking Waternoose’s hand. Mike posts a picture of the two of them in front of Monst Inc. - lst Day Scare Team. We pull out from this picture to see Mike grabbing his ha hat. He walks towards the scare floor with his clipboard hard hat on. Mike is congratulated by other monsters near the floor, a the friends he’s made during his time at MI.