11) 5) dialog: MU’s Greek Council. Yet again, not for Mike. Until, just as he passes by... GREEK COUNCIL PRESIDENT (CONT’D) We sponsor the annual Scare Games.... That gets Mike’s attention. He stops--
11) 8) dialog: (ominous, calm) They’re crazy-dangerous, so anything could happen.
11) 10) dialog: (ominous, calm) You could totally die.
36) 0) text: The Greek Scare Games kickoff. Fraternity and sorority monsters have gathered for the ev The Greek Council president and VP are on stage to addres the crowd. 50.
36) 1) dialog: Welcome to this year’s Greek Scare Games kickoff! The over-excited vice president leans into his mic and ye to the crowd.
36) 4) dialog: Okay, relax. We have a special guest, the founder of the Games - Dean Hardscrabble! More cheers as Dean Hardscrabble steps to the podium.
36) 11) dialog: Uhhh, you have to be ina fraternity to compete.
36) 40) dialog: (to Mike) Yeah sorry, doesn’t look good. We have to move on. Your team doesn’t qualify.
36) 44) dialog: We’re shutting down sign-ups, okay. Is he on your team or not? Sulley smiles at Mike, cocky.
41) 6) dialog: Let’s hear it for the frats and sororities competing in this year’s games! Jaws Theta Chi! ON THE JOX TEAM. A collection of big, wide-shouldered joc Big Red, their leader, takes a board and breaks it over h head. GREEK COUNCIL PRESIDENT (CONT’D) Python Nu Kappa! ON THE PNK TEAM. A group of pretty and seemingly friendly female monsters.
41) 8) dialog: Eta Hiss Hiss! ON THE HSS. A collection of creepy Goth coeds.
41) 15) dialog: Human children are TOXIC! She makes her way across the stage now to point to a draw of children’s toys. GREEK COUNCIL PRESIDENT (CONT’D) And anything they touch is toxic.
41) 18) dialog: And you certainly don’t wanna touch any of its friends. REVEAL an entrance to a tunnel... which is filled with hundreds of the toxic glow urchins scattered along the fl The crowd is terrified. ON Art.
41) 21) dialog: And whoever comes in last is eliminated from the games.
41) 33) dialog: Take your place at the starting line! We see the fraternities and sororities lined up along the starting line of the Scare Games course.
41) 39) dialog: Attention teams, one last thing. Scarers work in the dark. With that, the floodlight is shut down, leaving the cours entirely dark. In the darkness, the glow urchins become infinitely more terrifying, glowing and sparking dangerou
41) 88) dialog: Oh shocker, Oozma Kappa has been eliminated! ON THE LEADER BOARD, Oozma Kappa’s name is removed.
43) 1) dialog: (whispered to crowd) We are at the halfway point of the second event, and things are getting interesting. The misfits walk in line with Mike, revealing an annoyed Sulley. Sulley looks ahead to see the HSS sisters as they reach for their flag.
43) 3) dialog: (whispered) Only two teams left. (MORE )
43) 5) dialog: Who will make it out with their flag and who will be eliminated? REVEAL THE EEKs as they sneak along too.
63) 11) dialog: We're down to two remaining teams! Roar Omega Roar and Oozma Kappa! The Greek VP opens a black envelope and announces...
65) 1) dialog: 
65) 2) dialog: Welcome to the final competition of the Scare Games! The crowd cheers the two remaining teams.
65) 9) dialog: (ominously) But be warned, each simulated scare has been set to the highest difficulty level! ON the misfits.
65) 11) dialog: First scarers to the starting line! A little more nervous now, Mike takes a breath and turns his team.
70) 3) dialog: Next group to the starting line!
80) 2) dialog: Oh, tough break for the RORs! Randy sees them celebrating as he backs up and runs right into Johnny.
80) 17) dialog: The Oozmas will need a record breaking scare to win this! ON SULLEY, anxiously waiting on Mike's scare. Mike crouches by the bed, contemplating his next move. Ev discouraging statement floating through his mind.... MEAN KID O.S. You don’t belong on a scare floor. 123. JOHNNY O.S. No one will remember you. HARDSCRABBLE O.S. You're not scary. And then Sulley...
80) 24) dialog: They did it! YEAHHHHHHH!! She grabs the VP and pushes him over as she cheers wildly The crowd rushes the stadium, flying by the stunned ROR brothers. Mike steps from the simulator, stunned as he realizes wha has happened. The Oozma Kappas run to Mike, hoisting him on to their shoulders.