11) 7) dialog: (explosive energy) The Scare Games: a super-intense scaring competition! 16.
11) 9) dialog: (explosive energy) A bunch of guys went to the hospital last year!
11) 11) dialog: (explosive energy) And it’s worth it! You get a chance to prove that you are the best! Mike stares down at the flyer, intrigued.
36) 2) dialog: 
36) 7) dialog: Alright everybody, we’re closing down sign-ups, so we’ll see you all-
36) 29) dialog: Sorry chief, we count bodies, not heads. (pointing to Terri and Terry) That dude counts as one. Terri and Terry look at each other. Mike’s in a panic.
41) 4) dialog: Welcome to your worst nightmare,
41) 7) dialog: Slugma Slugma Kappa! ON THE EEK TEAM. A collection of athletic female monsters They cheer in a huddle. GREEK COUNCIL VP (CONT’D) Roar Omega Roar! 66. ON THE RORS. These are the top scarers, wealthy, privileg with the largest fan base.
41) 10) dialog: And finally... Oozma Kappa... ON THE OOZMAS. The guys look small and pathetic. The crow goes silent, a lone cheer accompanies the group. Mike loo over to see Ms. Squibbles calling down from a sewer grate
41) 14) dialog: Let’s begin the first competition: the toxicity challenge!
41) 16) dialog: We don’t have any human toys but thanks to MU’s biology department, we've found a close second. The stinging glow urchin! Some students bring in a crate stamped with the words “MU BIOLOGY DEPT.” The president reaches into the crate with metal claw and pulls out a beautiful, glowing, spikey orb The crowd recoils in fear. The urchin glows and sparks menacingly. GREEK COUNCIL VP (CONT’D) (to the crowd) Trust me when I say you are not gonna wanna touch this bad boy! ON Art in the crowd.
41) 20) dialog: (pointing to the tunnel) This is the starting line. The light at the end of the tunnel is the finish line.
41) 41) dialog: On your marks! Squishy, Terri and Terry turn to the PNKs finishing their huddle.
41) 46) dialog: Get set. Mike and Sulley glare at each other one last time. 70.
41) 47) dialog: GOo!!
41) 72) dialog: OH! ROAR OMEGA ROAR wins!
41) 79) dialog: Second place, Jaws Theta Chi!
41) 82) dialog: Third place EEKs...Fourth place PNKs...
41) 84) dialog: Fifth place HSS...
41) 86) dialog: And in last place, Oozma Kappa! Mike turns around in time to see the battered and bruised Oozma Kappa cross the finish line. Don rolls Squishy out then collapses.
41) 91) dialog: Attention everyone! We have an announcement! Jaws Theta Chi has been disqualified.
41) 93) dialog: The use of illegal protective gel is cause for elimination. 75.
41) 97) dialog: Which means, Oozma Kappa is back in the games! It’s a miracle! Hardscrabble can’t believe it. She glares at Mike.
43) 6) dialog: (whispered) In a real scare you do not wanna get caught by a kid’s parent, and in this event you DO NOT want to get caught by...”The librarian.”
45) 37) dialog: You better believe it, mop top! The only rule is don’t get caught. As the librarian guns for Art, he somersaults off the tab and rolls around in front of her, laughing like a mad man Mike looks on, horrified. The EEKs are using a human rope to get to their flag. Art continues rolling right past Sulley. Terri and Terry shout at the librarian.
46) 8) dialog: The EEKs have been eliminated and Oozma Kappa live to scare another day! Meanwhile, a displeased Hardscrabble stands nearby observ Art, Terri, Terry, Squishy and Don celebrate.
58) 12) dialog: First place, ROAR OMEGA ROAR! Second place, Oozma Kappa! But the crowd erupts when they see the Oozmas make it out before the PNKs.
58) 15) dialog: Third place, HSS! ON THE SCOREBOARD. The PNKs are eliminated and the Oozma Kappas move up another notch. Fans cheer them on! Back in the maze the PNKs are still stuck. Another teenager standee pops up behind Carrie.
63) 12) dialog: Which leads us to the final event. “Every one of your skills will be put to the test. The scare simulator will prove who's the best.” Tomorrow night you finally get to SCARE in front of the whole school! Mike smiles, thrilled. The crowd begins to break up. Johnny and the RORs pass. 109.
63) 21) dialog: Thanks for coming, Dean. Sulley follows the dean and then humbly addresses her. 110.
65) 1) dialog: 
65) 7) dialog: It’s time to see how terrifying you really are in the scare simulators!
75) 3) dialog: Next up, Sullivan and Boggs! Randy and Sulley take their places at the starting line. The light turns and they're off! Sulley stops at the door, opens his dossier. ON the dossier. “7-year-old, lives on Kauai and is afraid thunder and lions.” Mike watches as Sulley studies the information. 120.
80) 1) dialog: And it’s all tied up! Sulley joins his team as they celebrate. They’re almost there.
80) 7) dialog: Worthington and Wazowski to the starting line! All eyes on Mike. Mike pauses, a bit of doubt setting in. He looks over and sees Hardscrabble looking in his direction. Sulley approaches Mike.
80) 13) dialog: Amazing performance by Worthington! We see Johnny walking out like a champion.