19) 14) text: Johnny Worthington, president of Roar Omega Roar. What’s your name Big Blue? The other fraternities slink away.
19) 17) dialog: (dead pan) Chet, calm down.
19) 19) dialog: Sulley, any freshman with the guts to pull off a stunt like that has got “future scarer” written all over him. Sulley’s swept toward the ROR house, following after and the ROR brothers. Mike follows after him.
19) 22) dialog: Oh, sorry Killer, but you might want to hang out with someone a little more your speed. They look fun! Johnny points to Oozma Kappa; a group of loser monsters standing by a table that says Oozma Kappa. It’s covered w balloons and cake.
19) 25) dialog: (condescending) Go crazy. Johnny starts to walk away.... Mike is stunned. He can’t be serious.
19) 27) dialog: (annoyed sigh) Sulley, talk to your friend. Johnny looks to Sulley with a pained smile. Sulley looks back and forth between the cool RORs and Mik
27) 0) text: Sulley walks down the stairs toward Johnny holding his ex results. Sulley gives Johnny a high five. Johnny puts his arm around Sulley encouragingly until Mike rushes down th stairs and reveals his “A+” exam and runs off. 39. A ROR brother grabs the exam out of Sulley’s hands and sh Johnny he got a “C-.” Sulley grabs it back and walks away “no big deal.” Johnny and the RORs exchange concerned looks.
30) 5) dialog: Yes you are, Big Blue. Johnny removes Sulley’s ROR jacket. Sulley’s confused.
30) 7) dialog: It’s just a precaution. RORs are the best scarers on campus, Sullivan. Can’t have a member getting shown up by a beach ball. Johnny and Sulley look toward Mike as he enters the Schoo Scaring.
30) 11) dialog: (re: jacket) Well, then you'll get this back right away. It’s time to start delivering on that Sullivan name. Sulley’s face drops. He tries to put on a confident face, but we can see it’s a struggle. 42.
32) 11) text: Sulley turns to see Johnny and the RORs enter and sit in stands. Johnny looks to Sulley. Sulley turns back to Mike confidently, but it’s all for s Mike has gotten under his skin. ON Mike as Sulley walks by and “accidentally” bumps Mike’ books off the wall. Mike glares at him.
36) 10) dialog: (laughing) What?! ON PROFESSOR HARDSCRABBLE who narrows her eyes. What’s Wazowski up to? 51. Sulley shows up, still angry, looking for Mike.
36) 34) dialog: Boggs! Randy looks conflicted, nervous. He reveals his fraternit affiliation....
36) 36) dialog: Do the thing. With a pained smile - Randy’s thrilled to be a ROR, but i exactly one of the guys - Randy camouflages. Pleased, Joh chuckles.
41) 81) dialog: Your whole team has to cross the finish line!
48) 25) dialog: (whistle) Hey, quiet! QUIET! Quiet down you can wranglers! Alright, on behalf of the RORs....
48) 28) dialog: We'd like to congratulate all the teams that have made it this far! Everyone cheers. Johnny points to each of the teams.
48) 29) dialog: Alright, let’s hear it for the
48) 32) dialog: Love that trick, never gets old!
48) 35) dialog: Very creepy! And finally the surprise team of the scare games, OOZMA KAPPA! Come on over, guys. The crowd parts, spotlighting Oozma Kappa.
48) 36) dialog: Now I gotta admit fellas, I thought you were a bunch of nobodies, but boy was I wrong. lLet’s hear it for Oozma Kappa!
48) 39) dialog: The most adorable monsters on campus. 91. A bug monster then presses a button and a machine shoots glitter confetti at the Oozmas, sticking right to them. Another ROR brother tosses a bucket of flowers at them. T have become a laughing stock.
48) 40) dialog: Release the stuffed animals! Randy pulls on a rope, connected to a net full of stuffed animals. They drop and Chet quickly snaps a picture.
48) 46) dialog: Thanks! Tell your friends! Furious, Mike marches over followed by the team.
48) 48) dialog: Raising a little money for charity.
48) 50) dialog: You want us to stop raising money for charity? That’s not cool.
48) 53) dialog: Hey, you’re making yourselves look like fools. Johnny pulls out the paper.
48) 54) dialog: Let’s be honest boys, you’re never gonna be REAL scarers, because real scarers look like us. He gestures to himself and his team.
48) 55) dialog: But hey, if you really want to work for a scare company, they’re always hiring in the mail room. Johnny turns around the paper to reveal a help-wanted ad the Monsters, Inc. mail room. The misfits take this in as everyone laughs at them. With that Sulley fumes and heads off. The misfits follow, dejected. Mike runs after them. 93.
63) 13) dialog: Enjoy the attention while it lasts, boys. After you lose, no one will remember you.
65) 22) dialog: Hey Bruiser, you take it easy on Grandpa! Art calls from the other side.
80) 4) dialog: Hearts?!! Johnny stares daggers at Randy.
80) 10) dialog: Don’t take the loss too hard. You never belonged here anyway. Mike’s eye narrows. For the first time he looks determine The light turns and they're off! Mike and Johnny are neck and neck. They enter their simulators. INTERCUT as they both approach the sim kid. Johnny creeps toward the bed. Mike takes his time, dodging toys and distracting the kid with a scratch to the bed. Johnny goes in for the kill.
80) 11) dialog: 
83) 4) dialog: Looks like I was wrong about you. You're one of us after all.... He holds out a ROR jacket for Sulley.
83) 8) dialog: (flustered) Hey! Where are you going-?