1) 0) text: Mrs. Graves’s class is met by a monster TOUR GUIDE.
5) 0) text: Mike leaps down the stairs and gathers his bags. He stares up in awe.... REVEAL MONSTERS UNIVERSITY: The gate, with the campus bey
6) 0) text: Mike walks onto a campus filled with monster students of shapes and sizes. In the background, the grand, classic architecture of an Ivy League school.
6) 3) dialog: Woo hoo!
11) 3) dialog: Hey there! Keep your eye on the sky...at the astronomy club. The Art Club. A mop-looking monster splashes pink paint over his head, covering himself. He then splatters his head on a canvas, creating “art” while another member begins to play the dr The Improv Club.
15) 60) dialog: Where'd he go?!
15) 61) dialog: He’s dead meat!
15) 62) dialog: That guy's in big trouble!
15) 63) dialog: Yeah, he is.
15) 64) dialog: Hey guys, over here! ON SULLEY who waits until they’re out of sight, then laug 26.
16) 4) dialog: Tentacles and serpents' wings they-- Mike and Sulley burst through disrupting the song.
23) 0) text: Sulley is in the library and he finds a “Scaring Fundamentals” book. But he uses the book to steady a ping pong table. It’s ready to play on now. Sulley bounces a ball, beer-pong style. He bounces it int the mouth of a sleeping monster with a tic-tac-toe grid o his chest. Sulley’s ball wins the game.
24) 0) text: On the field, the MU team scores a touchdown. Monster cheerleaders start to cheer, the MU band strikes up.
28) 3) text: Mike runs over several monsters, but is so focused on his book he doesn’t notice. Monsters continue walking past and one slips on the slick floor. He runs over more monsters as he practices scary faces.
36) 0) text: The Greek Scare Games kickoff. Fraternity and sorority monsters have gathered for the ev The Greek Council president and VP are on stage to addres the crowd. 50.
40) 0) text: Mike and Sulley step down into the basement. One candle i lit in the middle of the room. A ROBED MONSTER (Don) suddenly steps from the shadows.
48) 12) dialog: It’s Oozma Kappa!
48) 13) dialog: These guys are crazy!
48) 14) dialog: What you did today was insane!
48) 15) dialog: That was awesome! They all turn to The music stops. 88. 89. The music starts up and the monsters go back to partying.
51) 2) text: We look down on a working scare floor. The floor is full scarers moving in and out of their active doors. We see several monsters go through their entire routine.
64) 0) text: Shots of the students heading to the final event of the S Games as the alma mater plays. We follow some flying monsters as they descend into the arena.
75) 0) text: Art comes in, taking large steps across the room then balancing on his hands. It’s a mixture of break-dancing a yoga. He flattens and rolls under the bed. A four-armed bug monster from the ROR team let's loose hi scare. ON scoreboard as the bug guy creates an even bigger lead.
95) 0) text: Mike smiles as he sees the door to the monster world star glow. He turns to Sulley.
106) 10) text: A series of photos of the guys, through time: ..-Mike and Sulley in the mail room - 1st Day Monsters In We pull out to reveal Mike’s locker. It opens to... ..-Mike and Sulley in the mail room - Most Mail Delivered Pan up and we see their picture in the company newsletter ...working as janitors - Meet Your New Janitorial Team Pan over to shot of them in the kitchen... .-.lst Day Cafeteria Workers. Pan up to another newsletter photo... .+.-Team Sullivan and Wazowski serving soup, “SOUP’er Tea Farther up...lst Day Can Wranglers! Then to a flyer that reads...Monsters, Inc. Scare Tryouts We see a shot of Mike showing Sulley how to perform a sca Pan down to....Sulley trying out for a scare job, “Impres New Recruits.” A photo of Mike and Sulley shaking Waternoose’s hand. Mike posts a picture of the two of them in front of Monst Inc. - lst Day Scare Team. We pull out from this picture to see Mike grabbing his ha hat. He walks towards the scare floor with his clipboard hard hat on. Mike is congratulated by other monsters near the floor, a the friends he’s made during his time at MI.