0) 7) dialog: Okay, remember our field trip rules everyone: No pushing, no biting, and no fire-breathing. One of the kids breathes fire on one of his friends.
0) 10) dialog: What did I just say? (sigh) 18, 19...? Okay, we’re missing one. Who are we missing? ON THE CLOSED BUS DOORS. A little green hand knocks on the windowed doors. ON MRS. GRAVES. MRS. GRAVES (CONT’D) (realizing - this isn’t the first time...) Oooh, Mike Wazowski. The bus doors open revealing a very tiny, 8-year-old Mike Wazowski, smiling.
0) 12) dialog: Sorry, Michael! I didn’t see you. Mrs. Graves approaches and Mike jumps down. When Mike hit the ground, we see how much bigger all the other kids are
0) 15) dialog: (to the kids) Okay, everyone, partner up. Get your field trip buddy! ON MIKE as he tries to buddy with the kids who all happen be bigger than him.
0) 20) dialog: Well, Michael, it looks like it’s you and me again.
0) 23) dialog: (laugh) Please don’t call me Karen. As we crane up, REVEAL we’re at Monsters, Incorporated.
1) 0) text: Mrs. Graves’s class is met by a monster TOUR GUIDE.
1) 26) dialog: Yes, we’re here to learn about scream energy, and what it takes to be a scarer!
1) 46) dialog: Brian, do not step over the line. One of them points to the scare floor.
1) 48) dialog: (scream) Michael?! They all see Mike watching the MU scarer as he opens the to the human world and slinks inside. The door starts to close behind him. But not before Mike, moving fast, slips through the door and into the human world too! INT. HUMAN KID’S ROOM - NIGHT Inside the human kid’s room, Mike hides in the shadows as scarer starts his stealthy approach to the kid. The scare is totally unaware that Mike is in the room. Mike’s terrified, but the more he watches the scarer, the more he gets caught up in the excitement and awe of it al The scarer is about to scare when suddenly the kid’s bedr door opens and the parents peep in. Mike is hiding right behind the door, inches away from the humans! The scarer hides too, blending into the shadows.
2) 5) dialog: Michael, what do you have to say for yourself? Mike smiles the biggest, happiest smile you’ve ever seen.