15) 6) dialog: Good morning students, welcome to scaring 101, I am Professor Knight! Now, I’m sure all of you were the scariest monster in your town, well bad news kids, you’re in my town now, and I do not scare easily--- (short scream) Suddenly a beam of light falls over Professor Knight.
15) 8) dialog: Dean Hardscrabble. This is a pleasant surprise. ON Mike watching Hardscrabble heading across the room, he chilling insect legs tapping against the floor. Mike’s sm brightens.
15) 12) dialog: Well, I’m sure my students would love to hear a few words of inspiration.
15) 21) dialog: Alright, alright, who can tell me the properties of an effective roar? There is a beat, everyone is terrified, then... a familia green arm shoots up in the air.
15) 22) dialog: Yes.
15) 29) dialog: Very impressive, Mr...
15) 31) dialog: Sullivan? Like Bill Sullivan, the scarer?
15) 35) dialog: I should've known. I expect big things from you. Sulley reaches his seat and looks back to the professor confidently. 23.
15) 38) dialog: No, no, Mr. Sullivan’s covered it. Sulley shoots two finger pistols at the Professor. PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) (laugh) Everyone take out your scaring textbooks and open them to chapter one.... Mike sits down, his moment stolen.
20) 0) text: The students are standing around Professor Knight.
20) 1) dialog: Ready position. Common crouch. They quickly show the pose. The professor makes adjustmen 35. PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) I wanna see matted fur, and yellowed teeth! Moving onto the next pose... PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) Basic snarl. Drill sergeant, making them the best they can be.
20) 3) dialog: Show me some slobber!
20) 5) dialog: Drool is a tool, kids! Use it!
20) 7) dialog: Now here is a monster who looks like a scarer! Mike looks over to Sulley....Sulley looks back, points fi pistols at Mike. Mike, frustrated, turns back into the position with even gusto. PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) You want a hope of passing this class, you better eat, breathe and sleep scaring.
25) 2) dialog: Well done, Mr. Wazowski.
25) 4) dialog: Correct!
25) 6) dialog: Right again!
25) 8) dialog: Outstanding! Sulley looks over at Mike annoyed.
29) 2) dialog: Ogre’s slump. 40.
29) 4) dialog: Zombie snarl.
29) 6) dialog: Dominant silverback gorilla.
29) 8) dialog: That is some remarkable improvement, Michael. Sulley attempts to make a scare face.
29) 10) dialog: One frightening face does not a scarer make, Mr. Sullivan. Sulley looks over at Mike, disappointed in himself. Mike smiles at Sulley and points finger pistols at him.
31) 0) text: Professor Knight addresses the class for their final.
31) 1) dialog: Today’s final will judge your ability to assess a child’s fear, and perform the appropriate scare...in the scare simulator. ON THE SIMULATOR - a simulated human child’s bedroom, complete with robotic child, much more low tech then we’1 see in Monsters, Inc. ON THE STUDENTS - staring at the simulator, nervous. ON KNIGHT - lifting the settings on the simulator to medi PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) The child’s sensitivity level will be raised from bed-wetter to heavy sleeper. So give it everything you've got. He closes and locks a control box at the bottom of the be and turns to the class. PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) Dean Hardscrabble is with us this morning to see who will be moving on in the scaring program, and who will not. He gestures to Hardscrabble standing off to the side. ON SULLEY watching Hardscrabble, fear setting in. Hardscrabble casually dusts her record-breaking scream ca she moves to the front of the class. Mike and Randy look over to Hardscrabble, fear setting in PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) Let’s get started!
32) 1) dialog: I am a 5-year-old girl afraid of spiders and Santa Claus. Which scare do you use? Dean Hardscrabble flies from the floor up to the window. student trying out can’t help notice.
32) 3) dialog: Demonstrate. The student walks through the door to the simulator and lunges, roaring at the sim kid.
32) 6) dialog: Results will be posted outside my office. Next! The next student steps up. ON MIKE who forces himself to stop watching the tests.
33) 0) text: ON A BORING PROFESSOR, Professor Brandywine. REVEAL Mike sitting in class, pained to be there. He stares out the window at the School of Scaring in the distance.
33) 1) dialog: Welcome back, I hope everyone had a pleasant break. Some say that a career as a scream can designer is boring, unchallenging, a waste of a monster's potential.... Beat. PROFESSOR BRANDYWINE (CONT’D) (inhale) Open your textbooks to chapter three. We will now plunge into the rich history of scream can design. Mike looks over to Sulley who is glaring at him. Sulley squeezes his scream can in frustration at Mike, and Mike glares back at him. 48.
83) 2) dialog: Sullivan! Sulley looks up from the trophy to see Professor Knight. PROFESSOR KNIGHT (CONT’D) Nice work out there. I look forward to having you back in class. Sulley looks conflicted as Knight heads to the School of Scaring. 129.