4) 0) text: A Chicago newspaper with the headline AUTO PLANT LAYS OFF 50,000 WORKERS lies on the stoop.  A byline story adds EC CAN'T FIND YULE CHEER.  Another story at the bottom of th reads CHURCH ROBBED OF CHRIST CHILD STATUE.  The paper is dated DECEMBER 24TH. A FIGURE EXITS THE FOYER in a robe and slippers.  Reachin he picks up the paper and glances at the front page.  26. young man still, despite a creased brow and weariness in suggesting more than just a lack of sleep.  MEET NICK ALL Turning to head back in, he straightens a crooked CHRISTM WREATH hanging on the front door.
6) 0) text: Reacting instantly to avert a collision, Nick watches as DRIVER of the Mazda passes, honks his horn and FLIPS HIM OFF.
6) 1) dialog: Jeeesus...
6) 2) text: Incredulous, Nick looks around to re-affirm whether or no was in the right.  On the car radio, the Phil Spector ver "Sleigh Ride" can be heard.  Twisting the wheel sharply, angrily fixes his gaze on the car that has almost run him road and filled with adrenaline, he hits the gas.
7) 0) text: Nick's car guns forward in an effort to catch up and pass speeding Mazda.
8) 0) text: Closing the distance between himself and the Mazda, Nick suddenly hits the brakes-
8) 3) dialog: And a Merry Christmas to you too my friend-
9) 0) text: Nick's laughter can be heard as  his car speeds on toward downtown.
10) 0) text: Within an office cubicle, Nick gazes lethargically at the screen on his desk.  Around him, fellow employees carry o tasks within the large AD AGENCY they all occupy.
10) 1) dialog: flips off his computer, his co-worker JAY enters with som folders-
10) 3) dialog: Hey Jay.
10) 5) dialog: Nothing.  I just finished up that ad for that stupid mailing.
10) 7) dialog: Not good enough for a raise-
10) 10) text: Nick nods, looking up at his friend.
10) 11) dialog: This morning.  Of all days, can you believe that? (beat) You're due for one, right?
10) 13) dialog: (sarcastically) Two months... two years... I'm begin- ing to think we can never be here long enough for that "raise"...
10) 14) text: Jay commiserates with Nick.
10) 16) dialog: Yeah, well... not enough I guess. (more to himself) I can't believe I went to college, got a degree... all it's gotten me is the chance to pimp for this ad agency.
10) 17) text: Jay begins to laugh but on seeing Nick's impassive demean catches himself.
10) 19) text: Nick snorts.
10) 20) dialog: "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" is about all I can think of right now, that and the ghost of bills past, present, and future.  I just wish I can get out of here so I can finish up shopping for my family-
10) 21) text: Nick shrugs.
10) 22) dialog: I'm sorry man, I don't mean to trash your mood.  It's just that I'm...
10) 24) dialog: (dejectedly) Yeah.
10) 27) text: Nick is taken totally aback.  Jay passes the gift along, pleased at himself for having cheered up his friend somewhat.
10) 28) dialog: Aw Jay... you shouldn't have...
10) 30) text: Nick looks the package over.
10) 31) dialog: Look Jay, I didn't have a chance to do any shopping for anyone here... I... I didn't get anything for anyone-
10) 34) text: Nick smiles crookedly and looks over the package.
10) 35) dialog: Should I open it now?
10) 37) text: Nick tears away at the wrapping.
10) 39) text: Nick holds up a book entitled "HOW TO BREAK INTO FILM". He laughs.
10) 40) dialog: Am I that obvious?
10) 41) text: Jay nods at some of the movie posters tacked to the walls Nick's cubicle.
10) 43) text: Nick flips through the book gratefully.
10) 44) dialog: Yeah.  Just don't tell anyone around here, they'd probably can me before I could get something real lined up.
10) 46) dialog: Thanks man.  This's really made my day.
10) 47) text: Jay smiles, shakes Nick's hand and gets up to leave.
10) 49) dialog: Yeah, you too.
10) 50) text: Nick watches after Jay, looks down again at his gift and within the solitude of his cubicle, gathers his things to
11) 0) text: Around the area of the Loop where Nick's office is situat Christmas shoppers bustle as the last minute rush begins. Nick walks out of his office building towards Michigan Av and passes a SALVATION ARMY WORKER.
11) 2) text: Nick tosses a few coins into the pot.
11) 4) dialog: Yeah...
11) 5) text: As Nick continues on, he approaches a BAG LADY.  Dressed layered and ratty clothing, she seems to carry all of her belongings in the shopping basket she drags behind her.
11) 7) text: Nick slows his step.  Disarmed by the woman's self-effaci humor, he can't help but be charmed by her approach while sympathizing with the seriousness of her plight.  Digging into his pocket, Nick pulls out a five and passes it to t woman.
11) 9) text: Nick nods.  Pausing to watch her move on, Nick pulls his coat collar close as a sudden wind kicks up.  He then con on down the street.
12) 0) text: Nick guides his car through Lincoln Park towards Broadway Through his windshield, he takes in the images of a CHRIS
12) 2) text: outside.  Traffic fills the street.  Holiday banners hang streetlamps while strings of Christmas lights twinkle fro branches of barren trees.  Ignoring the signals, some ped walk into the street causing even more congestion. On the sidewalk, a man dressed in a Santa Claus suit ring bell to attract last minute shoppers.  He waves as Nick p Up the street, shoppers bustle hurriedly in and out of th various storefronts oblivious of each other.  One woman w two kids in tow argues angrily with a meter maid who is a to issue her a ticket because the meter just expired. At another corner, a couple just off work meet and enter for a drink with some friends before retiring home for th evening. They ignore a disabled panhandler begging near t
13) 0) text: Nick gazes almost hypnotically at the array of walkmen, h and other electronic toys in front of him.  The price tag wrapped in holiday bows, are astronomical.  A CLERK comes up.
13) 2) text: Nick fixates on the display, his attention a million mile
13) 4) text: Nick glances at the clerk, at once snapping out of his da
13) 5) dialog: Oh... no. (sheepishly) If I can't find it myself, I don't think you could help me.
13) 6) text: Patting the clerk's shoulder gently, Nick moves towards t
13) 7) dialog: Thanks anyway though.
14) 0) text: A key is heard at the door.  In an instant, Nick enters t creative hodgepodge of his darkened apartment and in flip on the light, reveals all of his dreams and frustrations. In the livingroom, a drawing board stands in mute testimo to the dozens of sketches in various states of completion taped to it. Along with Nick's graduation certificates, some framed mo posters on the wall overlook an entire shelf bursting at with movie books.  In the front room, a cluttered PC work is situated between an artificial fireplace and steamed u window.  Piled on top of the television cabinet nestled i corner are some videotapes while next to where the couch dwarf-sized Christmas tree decorated with dimestore ornam tilts uneasily to one side.
14) 1) dialog: dumps his packages on the couch.  Passing an array of hol greeting cards displayed atop the fireplace, he moves som aside on his desk to reveal an ANSWERING MACHINE. Undoing his coat, he pushes PLAYBACK-
14) 7) text: Attempting to avoid Kristine's wrath, Nick sheepishly ave attention elsewhere.
14) 8) dialog: Yeah.  Um... you want to come in?
14) 9) text: Not answering, Kristine enters.  Shutting the door behind Nick uncomfortably begins to tidy up some things as she f arms.
14) 11) text: Nick stands staring at Kristine, measuring how to respond
14) 12) dialog: For Christ's sake Kristine, what was I supposed to do, just forget about you?
14) 14) text: Nick is at a loss for words.  Her rage vented, Kristine s bit, but doesn't stand down.
14) 16) text: A long beat passes in which Nick collects his thoughts. replies quietly-
14) 17) dialog: It's Christmas.  I thought it'd be the right thing to do.
14) 20) dialog: Kristine, I got you the necklace, because I thought it would look good on you.  I bought you the movie because I knew it was one of your favorites from when you were a little girl...
14) 21) text: Nick throws his arms up.
14) 22) dialog: Why do we have to argue about this?  It made sense to get them because I figured they'd be things you would like...
14) 24) dialog: (angry now) That was after I bought them.  You don't want them, fine.  Give them away.  Throw them away.  But I'll be damned if I'm gonna return a Christmas gift that I bought for somebody.  Anybody, not just you. (frustrated) God why do you have to make such a big deal out of this?
14) 26) text: Nick plops down wearily onto the sofa.
14) 27) dialog: And just what am I not being "up front" about?
14) 29) text: Nick stares at her, then looks down, cornered by some of truth in her statement.  He massages his temples as Krist sits down next to him.
14) 31) text: Concentrating on the wall, Nick tries to gather his thoug then speaks-
14) 32) dialog: Kristine, I knew you weren't going home for Christmas, I wanted to do something nice. (his voice cracking a little) I don't get through Christmas very well.  Being alone doesn't make it any easier.
14) 35) dialog: (glumly) Like our hard heads.
14) 38) text: Kristine rises, holding out the necklace and tape to Nick
14) 39) dialog: I don't have the receipts.
14) 42) text: Nick nods.  The storm between them has passed, despite th delicate truce.  He gets up and walks her to the door.
14) 44) dialog: I don't know yet.  How 'bout you?
14) 46) dialog: Sounds like a blast.
14) 49) dialog: Yeah...
14) 50) text: Not knowing how to say goodbye, Nick shifts awkwardly.
14) 51) dialog: Well.  Merry Christmas.
14) 52) text: A beat passes.  Caught up in her emotions, Kristine embra Nick suddenly, holding him close.
14) 54) text: Nick watches after Kristine as she exits the apartment an then closes the door slowly.  After pacing the length of livingroom, he kicks a metal waste can across the room an then surveys the sudden emptiness in his apartment-
16) 0) text: In the corner of the back room, a television set tuned in "IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE" rests on top of a wooden perch ju out from the wall.  Below it, Nick sits exasperated over before his pal BUDDY and some other friends who have gath to share a last minute drink to toast the holiday-
16) 2) dialog: I don't know!  It's a little hard trying to salvage something, when I still can't figure out why we went bad in the first place!
16) 3) text: Buddy squints his eyes at Nick, trying to keep up-
16) 4) dialog: You know what I mean?
16) 7) text: Nick snorts derisively at himself.
16) 8) dialog: Well.  Maybe I just gotta let it go and give it a rest.
16) 11) dialog: No.  I managed putting it off 'til tomorrow.
16) 12) text: Disappointed by Nick's attitude, Buddy shakes his head wi disapproving look.
16) 13) dialog: (defensively) Oh, c'mon Buddy, you know how my family is.  Everybody's so busy talking, nobody ever listens- (beat) It's not anyone's fault, it's just that... everything's already so stressed out that Christmastime, just makes it worse.
16) 15) text: Nick stares at Buddy a moment, then looks down.
16) 17) text: Nick looks back up at his friend, recognizing the truth in what he says.
16) 18) dialog: (quietly) Thank God for that.
16) 23) text: Nick raises his bottle.
16) 24) dialog: God bless her.
16) 27) text: BOB the bartender holds up the remote control and aims it at the television.  Flipping channels only reveals "It's Wonderful Life" on almost every other station although at different points in the movie.  Everyone in the bar howls laughter.  Buddy leans back to pull a few bills from his while Nick contemplates George Bailey's dilemma.
17) 0) text: Nick and Buddy leave D'Agostino's while exchanging "GOODBYES" and "MERRY CHRISTMASES" with their other friends. As the group separates and the lights in the bar grow dim the two start down the icy street.
17) 1) dialog: You know what really sucks Buddy, is that even if stuff was great with my family, even if I was still on decent terms with Kristine, even if I was halfway satisfied with my job, something still wouldn't seem right.
17) 3) dialog: Like everything!  Take a look around us, everybody's hurting!  I saw this bag lady today, all she wanted was some money so she could eat...
17) 5) dialog: Yeah I gave her something... but does it matter?  Is it gonna make a difference?
17) 9) text: A beat passes.  Extending his hand, Nick shakes with Budd
17) 10) dialog: (sighing) Yeah, well... thanks for listening.
17) 12) dialog: I will.
17) 13) text: The friends part.  As Buddy disappears down the street. Nick looks up at the moon.
17) 14) dialog: No snow. (beat) It should snow for Christmas.
17) 15) text: As Nick gazes up into the night sky, a COUPLE pass intent on getting somewhere on time.  Distracted by them, he watches as they scurry past and seeing their destinati follows after them.
18) 0) text: Following after the couple, Nick finds himself in front o MUSIC BOX THEATER, a small, refurbished movie palace situated in the middle of the neighborhood.  Beneath the marquee, a group of people stand in line waiting to buy tickets. Looking up, Nick sees the words:
18) 4) dialog: Which one's playing next?
18) 6) dialog: Why would you pay to see "It's A Wonderful Life" when you can see it at home for free?
18) 8) dialog: Ah... I don't know...
18) 9) text: Sensing that Nick is alone on Christmas Eve, the kids try coercing him into checking out the show.
18) 12) text: The girl passes him one of the JINGLE BELL STRINGS. Nick studies them amusedly.
18) 13) dialog: Thanks.
18) 15) text: As the high schoolers move on, Nick shakes his head and looks back at the other holiday revelers surrounding Intrigued at their enthusiasm, he clutches the jingle bel close and gets in line to buy a ticket.
19) 0) text: The house lights are dim.  Excited audience members have already filled the small movie palace.  Along the auditor walls, garland and ornaments decorate the terra cotta fac reminiscent of an ornate Spanish village.  In the back of theater, Nick enters with his jingle bells.  Up near the lyrics are projected onto the screen while an ORGANIST playing a huge WURLITZER and the THEATER MANAGER both guide the audience through the last verse of "SANTA CLAUS IS COMING TO TOWN".  As the song finishes, the audience ROARS its approval.
19) 4) text: Nick laughs.
19) 6) text: As Nick watches the crowd around him, he catches sight of the high schoolers who smile and wave their bells at h
19) 8) text: Pulling his bells out, Nick waves them back and follows s as the theater manager winds the audience towards the fin
19) 12) text: "WHITE CHRISTMAS" is played.  As Nick sings along with the audience, we can tell he seems to finally be filled w some warmth.  As the song winds down, a special film loop in the projection booth causes it to look as if it's SNOW within the theater.  Still singing, the audience members their hands together in wild approval. As the song ends, the curtains part to reveal the familia of the LIBERTY FILMS logo while the first strains of the opening music to "IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE" can be heard-
20) 0) text: Outside, a mild snowfall that has already accumulated two makes the Music Box Theater and all of Southport Avenue l like a postcard.  Even after the show ends, small flakes falling as the audience members stream out. Exiting the theater, Nick looks around and smiles.  He is definitely in better spirits.
21) 0) text: As Nick begins his journey home through the snow, he sees LITTLE GIRL gazing out from her open apartment window alo the avenue reaching out and catching snowflakes.  As she sight of him, Nick smiles at her and waves up.
21) 2) dialog: Merry Christmas!  Hey... you be careful up there!
21) 4) dialog: No, not yet.  It's still early though.  I'm sure he'll be along while you're asleep.
21) 6) text: Nick's eyebrow raises, a little stunned by her statement. Wondering what she means, he carefully presses.
21) 7) dialog: Well why does your momma think that?
21) 10) dialog: Oh.  Doesn't your Daddy work?
21) 12) text: Nick gazes speechlessly at the little girl.  As he puts t two together realizing what hard times the little girl's mother must be facing, she suddenly APPEARS next to her daughter.  Looking a little haggard, the young mother pic daughter up.
21) 14) text: Thinking quickly, Nick digs into his coat pocket-
21) 15) dialog: WAIT!
21) 16) text: The MOTHER looks down, noticing Nick for the first time. Wary, she begins to lower the window.
21) 17) dialog: Please, hold on...
21) 20) dialog: Well, your little girl told me how you don't think Santa Claus is coming...
21) 21) text: The mother's face tenses.  A combination of SHAME and RESENTMENT.  Before she can answer though, Nick has pulle the JINGLE BELLS from his pocket.
21) 22) dialog: Since he's so busy, he wasn't sure if he'd be able to get everywhere either, but I saw him.
21) 24) dialog: Yeah!!!  I saw him, and he gave me these, and he wanted to make sure that you get them...
21) 25) text: Nick takes a step back and tosses the jingle bells up tow window.  They bounce off the wall and fall back down to h Nick on the head.
21) 26) dialog: (grabbing them) Wait a minute.  Get ready now... catch!!!
21) 28) dialog: (pleased with himself) You take care of those... they belonged to Rudolph!
21) 30) text: Nick looks up at the mother nervously, not knowing what t expect.
21) 31) dialog: I hope I wasn't out of place there.  I...
21) 32) text: The mother shakes her head and holds her lips tight for f crying.  Not wishing to embarrass the woman, Nick quickly moves on.  Watching after him thankfully, she shuts her w and moves out of view.
22) 0) text: Nick walks through the silent snow swept streets.  Around the three streets Belmont, Lincoln and Ashland crisscross the streets' juncture is a wide open intersection overwhi abandoned hulk of an out-of-business department store loo Christmas decorations are visible on some buildings, as w twinkling lights.  The avenue itself though, with the exc of one or two passing cars, is barren.
22) 1) dialog: looks up at the sky, focusing on the constellations. One star shines brighter than the others, TWINKLING in th Nick snorts cynically.  For a moment though, he suddenly imagines that he hears angels singing.  Realizing that th is absurd, he focuses back on the street and sees beyond darkened storefronts a Gothic CHURCH SPIRE cutting upward through the low drifting clouds.  Curious as to the origi the singing, Nick starts walking-
23) 0) text: Nick finds himself standing in front of ST. ALPHONSUS CHU Blanketed with snow, the scale of the structure is humbli is the facade.  On each of the four walls situated at the of the steeple, a Roman numeral clock face bears the time O'CLOCK MIDNIGHT. Nick gazes at the open doors of St. Alphonsus.  A few lat can be seen arriving.  Drifting towards the steps, Nick j their ranks and enters.
24) 0) text: The church is only half-full, not quite matching the numb seen earlier within the Music Box.  A CHOIR sings "O HOLY NIGHT" in a loft at the rear.  Entering from the back, Ni about taking in the solid stone columns and meticulously varnished woodwork.  Interspersed along the walls between half-dozen confessionals are brass plaques depicting the stations of the cross.  Overlooking the altar is a staine window with a giant crucifix hanging in front of it.  Off the side is a small NATIVITY CRГ€CHE. Passing some worshippers, Nick advances respectfully up a aisle towards the front of the church so that he may get view of the CRГ€CHE.  Approaching it, he stops to notice CHRIST CHILD FIGURE is missing. Nick looks around at the congregation gathered for the mi service.  No one seems to notice that the Christ Child fi gone.  Distressed by this, Nick glances around for an USH on spotting one, quickly shuffles over.
24) 1) dialog: (whispering) Excuse me-
24) 2) text: The usher notices Nick.
24) 4) dialog: The Christ Child figure...
24) 5) text: The usher looks at Nick quizzically.
24) 6) dialog: It's just that... your Christ Child figure is missing.
24) 7) text: The usher nods her head in affirmation, totally unruffled Nick is incredulous.
24) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, but hasn't anybody noticed?
24) 10) dialog: is having a hard time dealing with the usher's complacenc in the matter.  Around them, the congregation has quieted for the PRIEST who has appeared, preparing to start his sermon.
24) 11) dialog: (to usher) It's Christmas Eve!  Isn't anybody upset about it?
24) 12) text: The usher looks at Nick with a serenity in her eyes that volumes-
24) 14) text: Mesmerized by the service around him and the people that come together in worship, Nick glances towards the altar FATHER JACOBSE begins.
24) 16) text: As the impact of Father Jacobse's words hit Nick like a h he is suddenly transported back to the events of the past hours-
24) 18) dialog: Thanks man.  This's really made my day.
24) 19) text: Jay smiles, shakes Nick's hand and gets up to leave.
24) 21) dialog: Yeah, you too.
24) 33) dialog: Well, your little girl told me how you don't think Santa Claus is coming. Since he's so busy, he wasn't sure if he'd be able to get everywhere either, but I saw him.
24) 35) dialog: Yeah!!!  I saw him, and he gave me these, and he wanted to make sure that you get them...
24) 38) text: Nick glances at the clerk.
24) 39) dialog: Oh... no. (sheepishly) If I can't find it myself, I don't think you could help me. (beat) Thanks anyway though.
25) 0) text: The Christmas service at St. Alphonsus lets out.  Exiting church amongst the other worshippers, Nick passes the ush joyfully shakes his hand-
25) 2) text: Nick nods, and reflected in his expression is a renewed s optimism not only for himself, but all mankind.
25) 3) dialog: Thanks.
26) 0) text: Nick makes his way home down the silent snow swept street Climbing up the steps of his building, he lets himself th the first set of doors and enters the foyer.
27) 0) text: Nick fumbles with his keys in the dimly lit entryway.  As begins to unlock the second door, he hears a light knock behind him.  Turning, he sees KRISTINE standing outside. Of all the people Nick expected to see at this point in t evening, Kristine is the LAST mon his list.  Regaining hi quickly however, he hastily opens the door.
27) 1) dialog: Hey-
27) 3) text: Nick is still a little dazed by her appearance.  Snapping ushers her in-
27) 4) dialog: Come on in...
27) 5) text: Kristine enters the foyer, Nick closing the door behind t The two face each other awkwardly-
27) 7) dialog: Yeah, I was out...
27) 8) text: A long beat passes, leaving Nick to further wonder as to meaning behind Kristine's visit.  Kristine herself seems uncertain.  Sensing this, Nick breaks the ice-
27) 9) dialog: How was your night... how was church?
27) 11) dialog: Yeah... ?
27) 13) text: Nick gazes at Kristine not knowing what to expect.
27) 17) dialog: gazes at Kristine in disbelief, thankful at the fact that reconciliation is dawning.
27) 18) dialog: (gently) Of course...
27) 20) text: Nick rolls his eyes self-effacingly-
27) 21) dialog: That's how this whole thing started...
27) 23) dialog: Look, Kristine, I'm really sorry that those things I bought you put you on the spot...
27) 25) dialog: Yeah...
27) 26) text: Nick and Kristine stand shivering in the cold, unwilling part but not quite knowing where to go next.  Nick glance outside.
27) 27) dialog: So... how 'bout the snow... ?
27) 29) dialog: Yeah.
27) 30) text: Nick looks at her.
27) 31) dialog: It's cold.
27) 33) dialog: You want to come up for a minute? I could make you some hot chocolate-
27) 35) dialog: Yeah!
27) 36) text: Pondering uncertainly whether or not Nick's suggestion is one, Kristine relents after a moment and then smiles.
27) 38) dialog: opens the door.  It is an emotional moment, and despite t lessons both he and Kristine have learned during this col winter solstice, each still feels very much alone.  For n though, they have found some comfort in each other throug the peace that comes from understanding.
27) 39) dialog: There's just one thing I've gotta do first...
27) 40) text: As Nick and Kristine head up the staircase, the dank Dece wind outside howls quietly.
28) 1) dialog: Hi mom, it's me... I'm sorry I'm calling so late.  No, no, everything's fine, really.  I just wanted to let you to know that I'll be over first thing in the morning. I love you too.  Merry Christmas-