2) 0) text: He drifts down a hallway. On either side of him, we hear PIANOS being played in PRACTICE ROOMS. 20 pieces at once. He stops outside a door, recognizing the playing within. smile fans across his face. He peeks through a tiny windo Sure enough, Juliana is inside, practicing in this tiny r She doesn't see him. He reaches for the door. Then his CEL-PHONE RINGS. Shit. An instinct tells him to throw the damn thing into a tras can. All he wants is on the other side of this door... Instead, he answers the phone:
25) 0) text: We're on an unmarked VHS CASSETTE, with a Post-It attache “Jack, Think you'll like this one. Bob." It's not too late to stuff this tape back into its envelo (which sits beside the stove in the kitchen.) Instead Eri turns on his TV, and shoves in the cassette. First image on the screen shocks the hell out of him: It' the Hanssen bedroom, as seen from behind a DOOR of some k shot in Hi-8 video. Bonnie lies in bed, asleep... And a pit begins to form in Eric's gut. On the monitor, Hanssen crosses into frame, his mid-secti filling it entirely. He opens the door that's been blocki our view: (we now see that it was the door of their ARMOI Hanssen crosses to the bed, behind Bonnie, and peels back sheets. Bonnie's in a camisole. 162 95. He crawls in so that her body obscures our view of his, a begins to fondle her. We hear AUDIO now - her soft moans. Eric wants to look away, but can't. Hanssen tugs her panties down. Clearly, she doesn't know she's being taped. He pulls the camisole above her breast and frees himself from inside his Pajamas... ++-aS a sudden SOUND startles the hell out of Eric. And u It's the front door. Juliana just came home. She has GROC BAGS in her arms. Eric leaps for the VCR, hitting STOP just as she enters t room. He doesn't have time to turn the tv off... and does know if she caught the sound of moaning when she walked i
25) 1) dialog: Hi.
25) 3) dialog: What're you watching?
26) 2) dialog: (unpacking items) It was fine. Would you mind getting the rest of the groceries for me?
26) 4) dialog: Few more bags in the car. She tosses him the keys. He smiles, heads out. EXT. ALLEY BEHIND THEIR BLDG, — MOMENTS LATER 163 Eric emerges into the alley, disturbed as hell by what he just seen, but equally relieved that he won't have to exp it to Juliana. Then he freezes in his tracks. Just Saw something horribl Their Jeep. There aren't any grocery bags inside. And he just heard the sounds of BONNIE'S MOANING coming f his bedroom tv; (the room looks up into this alley.) He's dead, and he knows it. He races back toward: EXT. OUTSIDE THEIR BLDG. — TRACKING ERIC - CONTINUING 164 We're right on his back as he runs around the corner, crossing their thimble-sized lawn to a walkway. INT. THEIR BLDG. "LOBBY" — TRACKING ERIC - CONTINUING 165 He races into the building. Then down two steps, and into INT. ERIC & JULIANA'S APT, -— CONTINUING 166 He bursts in, breathless... Juliana is right where he expected her to be: sitting on edge of the bed... watching that tape. He hurries in.
26) 6) dialog: What is this?
26) 8) dialog: She doesn't know she's being filmed, does she? Look at her, He hits STOP. And EJECT. She's still reeling... He throws tape and its envelope into his gym bag, zipping it shut, 97.
26) 10) dialog: If it was Classified it wouldn't be sitting on our sink. Did he give it to you?
26) 12) dialog: Do you find it exciting?
26) 14) dialog: Is there a tape of us floating around out there somewhere?
26) 16) dialog: Then can you tell me why you have it? A long beat, his face working... until:
26) 18) dialog: Oh. "Needs of the Bureau," is that it? This is a case of some kind? She said that sarcastically... But he just tightened, wit meaning to. And that tells her something. ..-which means he'd better get out of here.
26) 20) dialog: Wait a minute.
26) 22) dialog: Is this what you want, Eric? That threw him. He stops at the door.
26) 24) dialog: This. Doing a job where lying to your wife is just business as usual. Is that who you want to be? That's a larger question than he was prepared for...
26) 26) dialog: I'm not talking about Hanssen. He's a creep, I knew that already. I'm talking about the Jife, (no reply) There's gotta be some other way you can serve your country where you wouldn't have to lie to me every day. Wouldn't that be better? Yes, it would be better - but he can't say so. In fact ri now he can't say much of anything, except:
26) 28) dialog: No. You didn't. They study one another, then he goes...
41) 0) text: Kate comes to the end of the letter... EXT. ERIC & JULIANA'S APARTMENT — NIGHT 197 Hanssen's Taurus pulls up to the curb outside Eric & Juliana's building. He eyes the front door...
56) 1) text: INT. FBI HQ - ROOM 9930 - pay 219 He's here to clean out his stuff. Juliana is by his side. looks the room over with some reverence, knowing now what husband was put through in here.
57) 0) text: Eric leads Juliana down another nameless hallway, past a GLASS CASE boasting a display of the FBI's HISTORIC ARRES Beside it is a FLIER notifying us of a retirement party t honor a SECRETARY's 35 years of service. Cake and cookies They turn a corner, heading for a bank of elevators. INT. FBI HQ - BANK OF ELEVATORS — CONTINUING 222) Ten feet away, a pair of elevator doors begin to close. Eric hurries over, knifing his free hand between the clos doors. They open... And he freezes.
57) 4) text: A DARK SCREEN. Then a CRAWL appears, in stages: “Under the threat of the Death Penalty, Robert Hanssen submitted to extensive questioning by FBI interrogators." "In return, Hanssen was given a life sentence. He's now incarcerated in the Supermax Federal Penitentiary in Florence, Colorado where he spends 23 hours per day in solitary confinement." "Hanssen revealed the names of at least fifty human sourc to his Russian handlers. Three are known to have been executed. Scores more were imprisoned by the KGB. Many of them remain so today." “Eric O'Neill left the Bureau in 2001. He and Juliana rem in D.C., where Eric now practices law."