0) 6) dialog: Thank you for coming, Elise.
0) 13) dialog: I didn’t know what else to do. Except call you.
0) 15) dialog: I started with the usual checks. Mental health tests, medical records. All normal. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Elise beams as her eyes trace across the photos, taken b young boy’s cuteness.
0) 16) dialog: I interviewed the boy, but he doesn’t want to tell me anything. He’s scared. I thought maybe you could get something out of him. Elise pauses on one particular photo...the boy at around He is slouched on a couch in a baseball uniform. Behind h is a set of drapes, a lamp, all shrouded in shadow, the exposure focused on the boy.
0) 17) dialog: There’s definitely something in this house. I can feel it. It doesn’t want me here. It’s the strongest presence I’ve ever felt. I’m afraid of it, just like the boy. (beat) I need your help, Elise. I failed.
4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
7) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are entranced by the footage. In it, the can now see CARL, who stoops in front of Young Josh, hold a WALKIE-TALKIE to his mouth. Young Josh twitches.
8) 5) dialog: Yeah, that’s right, I was a young Man once, wasn’t I? Looks like I did the aging for the both of us.
8) 7) dialog: The hands of the clock. Unmerciful in their relentless march forward.
8) 10) dialog: Second best is generous. He drinks in the room. All the antiquities and mementos. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 41.
8) 11) dialog: I was at the funeral. I’m sorry I didn’t come and talk to you, Lorraine. I wasn’t myself.
8) 13) dialog: I'd been meaning to catch up with her...to call her. I always put it off until next week, you know? I forgot that weeks are just years chopped up into little bits. Then a decade went by. And now she’s gone.
8) 17) dialog: It’s been a long time...since I’ve done that. I don’t know if...
8) 20) dialog: We'll need a candle. INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER A RAPID MONTAGE - Specs and Tucker organize the room the Elise would for a seance. The table is set, a candle at t center. Four chairs surround it. Carl takes a seat at the head, flanked by the others. The room is pitch black, save for the candle flame. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 42. Tucker sets a strange device on the table - an old Speak Spell toy, modified and melded with a radio device.
8) 22) dialog: Are you serious?
8) 27) dialog: It’s a little unorthodox, but... (beat) First thing we need is quiet. The room falls eerily soundless. Carl closes his eyes.
8) 28) dialog: Elise...we are calling out to you. Give us a sign if you are there. A long beat of human breath...and nothing more.
8) 29) dialog: Tell us if you can hear us. Another long wait. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 43.
8) 30) dialog: Please Elise...we need to speak to you. We need your help. Use this device to talk to us. Are you there? And then - a SOUND. The soft tone of a letter appearing o the Speak N Spell display. The letter Y. Then E. Then Ss. Y-E-S. Everyone sucks in a sharp breath. The candle flame flicke
8) 31) dialog: Elise, we need to know who killed you. Tell us. Tucker clears the screen for the next answer. A long beat - thenM-I-C-H-E-L-L-E.
8) 33) dialog: Where is Michelle now, Elise? A letter H appears. Then I. H-I-D-D-E-N.
8) 34) dialog: Hidden where? Elise? I-N-S-I-D-E.
8) 35) dialog: Inside what? Inside who?
8) 44) dialog: 
11) 0) text: This section of the hospital has been closed and emptied There are scattered pieces of equipment, but the halls ar eerily empty. Trash and dust everywhere, a place neglecte Lorraine, Specs, Carl and Tucker wander down the hall wit Hispanic SECURITY GUARD, JESUS (38).
11) 7) dialog: You didn’t do anything wrong. The fact that you’re a good person is what draws them to you. They want to corrupt that. But they can’t. All is quiet. Lorraine opens a door, glaring into a long abandoned utility closet. Carl stops walking, affected by something. He closes his eyes, taking in some unseen signal.
11) 10) text: Carl backtracks from the door. Lorraine sidles up next to Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 50.
11) 11) dialog: Here. In here.
17) 7) dialog: What happened to him? Lorraine glares down at the bed.
20) 3) dialog: How did he kill himself? Do you remember? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 55.
20) 5) dialog: Did the incidents with Josh begin happening before or after he died?
20) 7) dialog: What was his name? A long beat.
21) 0) text: A cavern of paperwork. An abyss of administration. Ian leads Lorraine, Carl, Specs and Tucker down a narrow aisle between rows and rows of hospital records. He slides out a box of files. IN MONTAGE - we see Ian, flicking through various pages o yellowing files. He lands on one in particular - PHILIP CRAIN. Lorraine accepts it from him.
21) 4) dialog: That address...there’s something there. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT The front door opens and Renai enters with Foster and Dal Josh appears from the kitchen.
22) 3) dialog: They call my ability a talent...but a talent is something to be thankful for. (beat) This house is not a place where good things have happened. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 62. Specs knocks on the door. No answer. He squats, wrenching handful of envelopes stuffed in a mail slot. The envelope are moldy, aged. He tears one open - an electrical bill.
23) 0) text: Specs leads the others into a large bedroom with soaring ceilings and a large bed covered by a canopy. The four of them swat their flashlights onto it, reacting an intolerable stench. Tucker lifts his goggles. Carl parts the curtain covering the bed, revealing the skeletal corpse of an old woman, lying across the mattres eyes fixed and open.
23) 6) dialog: This is Michelle. Philip is her son. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, PHILIP’S HOUSE - NIGHT The gang cluster back into the hall, approaching another door. INT. PHILIP’S BEDROOM, PHILIP'S HOUSE - NIGHT A large bedroom unveils itself in the pale glow of the flashlights. The room is large, with a soaring ceiling and a fireplace Toys are gathered in one corner - dozens of dolls and a rocking horse. A bed rests against a window, the sheets decorated with frilly lace. Immaculately made, but sodden with mold. Specs peeks in through the window of a DOLL HOUSE, seeing eerily still figures sitting at a dining table. Carl steps into the center of the room. WHAT NO ONE IN THE GROUP SEES is a PAIR OF EYES staring a the group over a CABINET. Someone is crouching behind it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 65.
23) 7) dialog: This must be Philip’s room.
23) 11) dialog: What’s she looking at? Tucker sets his case down, pulls his goggles on and steps to the wall. Through his POV - the bone-white wall flicks between different shades of UV light. CLICK...CLICK...CLICK... Then, in one of the filters - a messy collage of dark HANDPRINTS is SUDDENLY VISIBLE. All of the handprints are concentrated in ONE AREA OF THE WALL. Tucker JOLTS, then lifts the goggles. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
23) 13) dialog: No...no...I can’t go in... He falls onto a couch, shaken. Stares up at them.
23) 14) dialog: There’s too much suffering in there.
23) 19) dialog: I'm talking to the spirit who brought us here...you’re not Elise are you? A long beat passes. Carl glances down at the Wiki-Board. It says NO.
23) 20) dialog: Who are you? The word is slowly types out: U- P-S-T-A-I-R-S.
23) 21) dialog: Michelle... INT. DARK CHAMBER, PHILIP’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Specs, Lorraine and Tucker sift through the articles. Specs turns around, facing the wire mattress. THERE IS SOMEONE LYING ON IT. IT IS THE TEENAGE GIRL. She stands up, screeching at them in an unholy tenor.
23) 24) dialog: I'll do it. You get him alone in the house, take his wife and kids away. (beat) If I look him in the eye, talk to him...if there’s something wrong I'll sense it. INT. FRONT DOOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT The lock jiggles, grunting as it is opened. Lorraine edge inside, keeping quiet. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine kicks off her shoes, skittering barefoot down th hallway. She stops herself when she reaches the guest roo where Renai and Josh are sleeping. She opens the door. INT. SPARE BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Renai is asleep with Dalton and Foster beside her, her ar curled around Dalton. Josh is not in the bed with them. INT. YOUNG JOSH’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine inches stealthily into the dark bedroom. With ea step, the floor CREAKS. She winces. She stands over the slumbering Josh, at the foot of the b watching her son. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 69. She leaves. INT. SPARE BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT (THE FURTHER Renai twitches in her sleep. We are CLOSE ON her face. She opens her eyes. The room is unnaturally quiet. She sits up, sleepy. Her children are gone. She is alone in bed.
23) 32) dialog: My name’s Carl. I know that you don't remember me, Josh. Elise and I did our best to make sure of that.
23) 34) dialog: I haven't spoken to you since you were a young boy. Your mother called me when you started experiencing...some problems. I worked as a psychic at the time. And I came to your house, this house, and what I saw scared me so badly that I called Elise. (beat) Now Elise is gone. And I know that you were there when she died. So I was wondering if you could help give me some closure? I need it. A long beat...then Possessed Josh steps aside. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - DAY Possessed Josh leads Carl into the living room.
23) 35) dialog: Why is it that places always seem so much smaller than we remember them?
23) 37) dialog: Are you feeling okay? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 72.
23) 39) dialog: I suppose I wanted to ask you if you have any idea what happened to her?
23) 41) dialog: I’m sorry to ask something like that so bluntly, but I want to remind you that I’m not the person who’s going to look at you funny if you tell me something...unusual. Carl removes his glasses.
23) 42) dialog: I’ve seen things with my own eyes that most people have to go to sleep to imagine.
23) 45) dialog: Horrific.
23) 47) dialog: When you were a boy, you said it was an old woman who haunted you. Did you see that old woman when you were visiting that other world you talked about? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 73.
23) 49) dialog: Okay. (beat) You also said when you were young that you were a big football fan. Are you still?
23) 51) dialog: Haven’t lost that arm?
23) 54) dialog: Sure, absolutely. Possessed Josh leaves the room. When he does, Carl quietl unzips the shoulder bag he is carrying and removes a CAME
24) 0) text: -- The Further. A cold, midnight version of Lorraine’s house. Carl is standing in the center of the room, dressed as he when he died. He is shell-shocked, frightened. A lost chi He sees a dark FIGURE approaching from the kitchen. The figure holds up a bright lantern, illuminating his face. It is Josh. He steps close to Carl.
24) 1) dialog: I’ve been here before...but I was never afraid of this place until now.
24) 3) dialog: I’m one of them.
24) 6) dialog: Elise. You have to find Elise.
24) 8) dialog: Into the further we go. They step through the door.
25) 0) text: Darkness closes in around Josh and Carl like a suffocatin blanket. They stagger forward, not knowing which direction to head There is nothing in front of them. Josh whirls and stares back at the house, the lantern held out in front of him. They lurch on through the unfolding nothingness. The sounds of this world are a muffled aural cacophony. Distant SCREAMS, distorted and tortured. The whinny’s and snorts of ANIMALS. The wheeze of asthmatic BREATHING - al it swirling together in the distance, as if coming throug tinny, faraway speaker.
25) 1) dialog: Elise? The cry echoes back to them.
25) 3) dialog: We're looking for Elise. Where is she? The man doesn’t answer. His fingers shake. Finally, he po over their shoulders, behind them. They turn - AND JOLT. A huge horde of pale figures is crowded behind Josh and C The figures reach out with gnarled fingers. Josh and Carl stagger back - hitting another wall of figu THEY ARE SURROUNDED. The figures rip and tear at Josh.
27) 0) text: Elise, Carl and Josh press through the dark, until a structure takes shape in front of them. It is Lorraine’s house. CANDLELIGHT flickers in the window, but otherwise the hou is dark.
28) 4) dialog: I've been to Michelle’s house. I can take us there. EXT. LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai pulls up in her car, unloading the kids. She approa the quiet house. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai enters the room. The house is dark.
29) 0) text: Josh, Carl and Elise lope through the unfolding dark. The sound of a scream spirits towards them. Faint. Distan
29) 10) dialog: She's telling you the truth. It’s all we can do now. A long beat passes. Elise leads Josh into the dark. INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine, Specs and Tucker pace the room. Lorraine dials cell phone. The call goes straight to voicemail. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 87.
29) 11) dialog: (from phone) You’ve reached Carl Stanaway, leave me a message.
30) 0) text: Josh, Carl and Elise FREEZE suddenly.
37) 2) dialog: That...that’s it. That’s Michelle's house. Elise, Renai, Carl and Josh float towards the front door the house. INT. CORRIDOR/LIVING ROOM, PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) Elise leads Carl, Renai and Josh down an empty corridor. is exactly as the house was that Carl visited - seen from other side. INT. LIVING ROOM, PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) They push into the living room. Dozens of GHOULISH FIGURE stand in the room, glacially still. They are all YOUNG GI ranging from teenagers to women in their early twenties. Their eyes are hollow, skin sallow. They don’t look at th four intruders, stunned eyes fixed on some unseen depravi Elise weaves through the bodies, careful not to touch the Josh shields Renai, weaving through with her. It is a human maze.