0) 0) dialog: You must be Lorraine.
0) 2) dialog: You must be crazy to wear a T-shirt in this cold. Elise cracks up. She has an easy, infectious laugh.
0) 4) dialog: It’s fine. In my line of work, things don’t tend to happen until it gets dark. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Lorraine guides Elise into the spacious, well-lit living room. Elise gazes around, smiling, surveying the house. A man is fiddling with a 16mm camera in the center of the room, sitting on an equipment box. This is CARL STANAWAY Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Carl is a soft-spoken, wise old soul. Everything he says does is considered and thoughtful.
0) 5) dialog: Ahoy there, Carl. Carl looks up, smiling ruefully. He is relieved to see El He rises and embraces her. He looks ragged.
0) 7) dialog: I’m always happy to help.
0) 9) dialog: No, thanks. I’d like to get started right away, if that’s okay. Carl told me on the phone that your son is the one affected, is that right?
0) 11) dialog: May I meet him?
0) 14) dialog: You had a terrible psychic presence that was making you sick and you thought you’d make it my problem? She cracks herself up again. Carl doesn’t share it. Elise explores the living room as Carl talks to her. She approa a series of framed photos tacked to the wall. Most of the are of a young boy.
0) 18) dialog: You worry too much, Carl. Always have. This isn’t an exact science. Elise turns back to the photo. Her smile slowly deflates. hint of concern in her eyes. Is there something in the shadows? A person? Hard to tell by looking. Elise senses
0) 22) dialog: Hi Josh. I’m Elise. Josh musters a half-hearted smile. Distracted. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 24) dialog: Do you like living here?
0) 26) dialog: Good for you. Are there a lot of kids your age in this neighborhood?
0) 28) dialog: Oh, that must be nice.
0) 30) dialog: Is there anything you don’t like about living in this house?
0) 32) dialog: Nothing bad happens here at night? A long beat. Josh scans the room.
0) 34) dialog: No. You’re not. It gets dark for all of us eventually. And we’re all scared of it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Josh is clearly not comfortable talking. Elise changes t
0) 35) dialog: I'd like to try something with you, Josh. I promise it won’t hurt. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - LATER A hand lights a candle. It is Elise. The flame frolics ac her face. The room is darker now. Josh is still sitting opposite Elise.
0) 36) dialog: Close your eyes. I want you to relax. Josh gulps and closes his eyes. Elise takes out a METRONOME, propping it on the table nex her and setting it in motion. Tick...tick...tick...
0) 37) dialog: Listen to the ticking...focus on it. Tune everything else out. WE PULL AROUND JOSH’S BACK, circling the room.
0) 38) dialog: Take a deep breath. Feel yourself getting sleepier... When we complete the circle, Josh is in a deep trance. Th whole house is silent. Carl triggers the camera again.
0) 39) dialog: I’m going to ask you some questions, and I want you to tell me the truth. Can you do that? Josh replies in the narcotic tones of the hypnotized, his body as still and sullen as a sculpture.
0) 41) dialog: I want you to tell me who all the people are in this house right now.
0) 43) dialog: What old woman, Josh?
0) 45) dialog: What does she say?
0) 47) dialog: Go with her where?
0) 49) dialog: Where is she, right at this moment?
0) 51) dialog: How about if we play a game, Josh? It’s called hot and cold. I’1l1 walk around the house and you tell me if I’m getting warmer or colder. Do you know that game?
0) 65) dialog: No. He’s not okay. Lorraine whips around to see Elise, descending the stairs
0) 67) dialog: I saw what haunts him.
0) 69) dialog: It was a parasite. I spoke to it.
0) 71) dialog: It wants to be him. (beat) Your son has a gift, Miss Lambert. When he sleeps at night, he is able to explore another world. But it can be a dangerous gift. He can attract the attention of the darkest part of that world.
0) 73) dialog: I could wipe his memory of his gift. Make him forget how to visit that world. Lorraine turns to face her boy, still in a trance state. fear and concern for her son swirl on her face.
2) 0) text: Renai scurries into the living room. She is confronted by frozen death mask of Elise, stock-still on the couch. With horror, Renai seizes a flashlight and flits down the corridor.
6) 1) dialog: Do you like living here?
6) 5) dialog: Good for you. Are there a lot of kids your age in this neighborhood?
6) 7) dialog: Oh, that must be nice.
6) 9) dialog: Is there anything you don’t like about living in this house? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
6) 11) dialog: There’s nothing bad that happens here at night? Specs and Tucker exchange an unnerved glance. They turn b to the image.
7) 14) text: You're right. It was probably my imagination after everything. I’m sorry. INT. DOOR WAY/LIVING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - MORNING A knock at the door. Specs opens it to see Lorraine.
25) 5) dialog: I wish I could say it’s good to see you.
25) 7) dialog: Everybody's time comes. I knew that more than most. I chose to make my living by dabbling in a dangerous world. I knew the risks. Elise turns to Carl and they share a hug.
25) 9) dialog: When I heard you scream, I followed your voice and found you...but I don’t know that I can help you anymore. Not from this side. (beat) But I may know who can.
25) 11) dialog: You. When you were a boy.
27) 0) text: Elise, Carl and Josh press through the dark, until a structure takes shape in front of them. It is Lorraine’s house. CANDLELIGHT flickers in the window, but otherwise the hou is dark.
27) 1) dialog: Go. Go now. You must hurry. Josh moves towards the house. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) The house is DEATHLY QUIET. Josh pushes inside, seeing Young Josh sitting on the couc the center of the darkened living room. Young Josh turns slowly, facing his older self. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 79.
27) 6) dialog: Can you remember what that means? Try, Josh. Try to remember.
29) 0) text: Josh, Carl and Elise lope through the unfolding dark. The sound of a scream spirits towards them. Faint. Distan
29) 7) dialog: Listen to me, Josh, we've got to help them from here. There's nothing you can do physically.
29) 9) dialog: No. Listen to me now. If you wander into the dark screaming, then he’s won. You’ve got to focus and come with us, destroy him from here. That’s all you can do.
30) 0) text: Josh, Carl and Elise FREEZE suddenly.
30) 4) dialog: My god...she’s here. They surge forward into the void.
37) 4) dialog: Murder victims. That’s what The Further is - a black hole where all of the suffering from a life can continue on in eternity, like an echo. The souls here either don’t know or can’t accept that they’re dead. They simply wander the dark. Lost. She turns to face Josh, brushing one of the ghouls.
37) 5) dialog: The people who die without being murdered at the hands of another, who die peacefully at the hand of nature...they don’t know this place exists. They go to the light. But if there's light, there must also be dark. And that’s where we are. EXT. LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine, Specs and Tucker climb out of Tucker’s van.
37) 29) dialog: Destroy her, Josh. End this. Josh charges at Michelle. She seems shocked by his sudden appearance in the room.
37) 32) dialog: Why don’t you pick on a big girl then? Elise LAUNCHES herself at Michelle and they ENGAGE in a vicious fight. Pounding blows traded - but it is clear EL IS STRONGER. She forces Michelle onto the floor, pinning her down -- -- then reaches over and wrenches up the ROCKING HORSE, holding it aloft above her head as -- INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT -- Possessed Josh SHOVES Lorraine aside, then charges ove Renai’s comatose body, raising the AXE -- INT. YOUNG PHILIP’S BEDROOM (THE FURTHER) -- as Elise brings the heavy wooden rocking horse down wi all her might. Michelle SHRIEKS - until the rocking horse silences her, smashing into her SKULL with a DULL THUD! INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT And at that EXACT MOMENT - Possessed Josh FREEZES, axe he high in the air. He SCREECHES - the pain of a thousand lashes unleashing itself from within his gut. The scream is not even human, is something else. He WRITHES as if his body was contracting. The axe drops to the floor. Possessed Josh keels over, his body contorting into tortu starved shapes. His bones cracking. His spine elongating. His jaw distends and his mouth opens WIDE. A sound ROARS within his throat. Releasing something. INT. YOUNG PHILIP’S BEDROOM (THE FURTHER) The walls quake and shudder violently. The whole house is imploding from within. The structure itself seems to be BELLOWING in pain. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 103.
37) 33) dialog: Josh, take Renai and go! Now! Josh trades a look with her and Carl.
37) 35) dialog: We can’t go with you. We’re going to a different place. Josh grabs Renai by the shoulder, dragging her away. INT. DOWNSTAIRS CORRIDOR, PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) Josh and Renai STAMPEDE down the hall, retracing the trai they took. The demon who guarded the door has now VANISHE As they run away, Elise and Carl stand calmly at the door Philip’s bedroom, watching them go with sorrow. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) The souls of all of Philip’s victims have been released. two of them barrel towards the front door and out into -- EXT. BLACK VOID/PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) -- the darkness of The Further. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine creeps forward, tentative. Renai’s body lies on floor. Her chest is moving, she is breathing - but otherw she looks catatonic. Lorraine reaches out with trembling fingers and pokes Ren INT. BLACK VOID/LORRAINE’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) Lorraine's house materializes out of the darkness. A voic drifts towards them.