4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
5) 24) dialog: Oh, man. Josh enters and slumps down on Dalton’s bed.
5) 32) dialog: Hey, Dalton.
5) 34) dialog: Look what I made. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 19. He climbs out of bed and scurries over to Dalton, handing plastic cup, then whips back to his bed, stretching out a string between the two beds. It’s a homemade tin-can tele Foster covers his mouth with the cup.
5) 36) dialog: Come on. It really works. I wanna ask you something.
5) 38) dialog: (through cup) Um...what do you think of this?
21) 5) dialog: Dad!
21) 8) dialog: Yeah.
21) 10) dialog: Hmmm...no.
28) 25) dialog: Why is daddy angry at us?
28) 27) dialog: I’m scared.
29) 26) dialog: No, don’t go!
37) 0) text: Josh leads the charge, following Renai’s scream all the w to the front door of the house. He barrels through it. INT. CALI’S ROOM, LAMBERT HOME (THE FURTHER) Josh charges in, confronted with the sight of the Long Ha Fiend assaulting his wife. Josh HURLS himself at The Fiend, attacking with all his strength. WHAM! Josh socks the Fiend in the face, trading devastati blows with him, his fury providing strength. He PICKS THE FIEND up, hurling him THROUGH THE WINDOW. Th Fiends’ screams recede into The Further. Josh embraces Renai, tearful. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Foster hovers over Dalton and Renai, who lie on the floor out cold. Foster clings to his mother. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME
37) 40) dialog: Daddy! Foster bolts towards his father, wrapping his arms around him. Renai is more cautious. She leans down, studying the eyes of her husband.
37) 44) dialog: No, dad, stay with us!