0) 23) text: Your mom’s right, I’d love to ask you some simple questions. The good kind, the kind you can’t get wrong. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - LATER We see a POV FROM THE 16MM CAMERA - it frames up Josh, sitting on the couch, pulsing in and out of focus at firs
0) 63) text: (from walkie) ..-what do you want?...why? Lorraine carefully approaches Josh. Bends in front of him
2) 2) dialog: Renai...I’m right here. Renai STARTS, wheeling around. She sees Josh, dread in he tear-brimmed eyes. She reels away from him.
2) 4) dialog: What? What?! Renai keeps backing away. His mother, LORRAINE, and son, DALTON, run into the room, startled by Renai’s screaming.
2) 6) dialog: Oh Jesus...Elise... He rushes to her.
2) 7) dialog: Mom, get Dalton out of here! Lorraine shields him, hustling him out of the room, retur quickly. She squats next to Josh, feeling Elise for a pul
2) 8) dialog: No...no...call an ambulance! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 13.
2) 10) dialog: She could be --
2) 12) dialog: Why are you looking at me like that, Renai? She backs against the wall.
2) 13) dialog: You think that I did this? (beat) Why are you looking at me like that? Renai holds out the digital camera, showing him the pixil image of the Old Woman. Josh takes the camera, stunned.
2) 15) dialog: Oh my God...this face. I know this face. (beat) This is the face that haunted me as a child.
4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
5) 13) dialog: Let me take that. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17.
5) 15) dialog: My mother taught me better than that.
5) 17) dialog: I’ll help. Come on, guys. Josh tows a sleepy Dalton and Foster away, leaving Renai alone. She is a deer in the headlights. She steps out of doorway, surveying the house. The living room is recogniz as the living room from the opening, with updated furnitu INT. KITCHEN, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai unloads the dishwasher. She heaves a stack of plate out of it, slotting them in a cupboard. Lorraine enters, alarmed by the sight of Renai working.
5) 23) dialog: Time for bed folks.
5) 25) dialog: We’re gonna stay at Grandma’s for a little bit, while the police work at our house. You’ll have fun. I loved this room when I was a kid.
5) 27) dialog: No, I didn’t. And neither will you.
5) 29) dialog: No. It doesn’t. It’s like...falling asleep. It doesn’t hurt to go to sleep does it?
5) 31) dialog: And you've got a lot of sleeps to go before you have to think about that stuff. Good night. He switches out the bedside lamp and leaves. Dalton thumb flashlight on and continues to read.
5) 40) dialog: You think I’m falling for that? INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER Night has draped its cloak over the house. All is in repo INT. BATHROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT The only sounds are the occasional grunts of the house itself, settling into the earth. INT. LORRAINE’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine is splayed out across her bed, asleep. A TV facing the bed is on, a newscast droning quietly. INT. KITCHEN, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - LATER - NIGHT Renai is still cleaning dishes, drying off an orange mug a towel. The kitchen is spotless now. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20. She is the only person still awake in the house. And then a baby crying interrupts the quiet. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai pads down the corridor, stopping at a particular do INT. CALI’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai tip-toes inside. As soon as she does, the crying CEASES. The room is dark, save for a glowing NIGHT LIGHT. Renai leans over the crib - seeing that Cali is sound asl Unnerved, Renai claws through a cluttered baby bag on the floor, fishing out two BABY MONITORS. She sets one down beside Cali’s crib, exits with the othe INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai heads down the corridor, towards a bedroom. The baby monitor in her hand SPITS to life, the mournful of an infant emitting from it. Renai STARTS, listening, then heads back the way she came INT. CALI’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai shuffles inside. The crying on the monitor drains a She FREEZES. The crib is EMPTY. Alarmed, Renai whips around the room, stopping when she s her baby - asleep on the floor. Renai scoops up her daughter, pressing her close. An all familiar shiver of terror passes through her. She backs o of the room, still clinging to the baby. INT. SPARE BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai is lying in bed, awake, glaring at Cali who is now lying next to her. Josh is awake too, watching Renai.
5) 41) dialog: Are you okay? Do you want me to get you a sleeping pill? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 21. No answer.
5) 42) dialog: What are you thinking about?
5) 44) dialog: It’s impossible to think about nothing. She turns away, annoyed by his probing. JOSH (CONT’D) I keep staring at Dalton. I can’t believe we have our son back. So why are you so upset?
5) 46) dialog: Such as?
5) 48) dialog: I saw things you don’t want to know about.
5) 50) dialog: It’s not a place where you see anything. It was dark. Pitch black. Exactly the way Elise described it...like a void. There were people in there. They were screaming, crying. Stuck living out their worst moments on a loop. It was a place for people who died in a terrible way.
5) 52) dialog: I don’t know what happened to her, Renai.
5) 54) dialog: And what did you say? Josh reaches for her hand and she flinches, getting up.
5) 55) dialog: Okay. Alright. Let’s just get it all out there. Let me answer all the accusations you’re lying awake ‘not thinking’ about. I didn’t do it, okay? I didn’t kill Elise. Why would I? How could I do that? Josh approaches her and she backs away.
5) 56) dialog: What exactly is it that you think happened, Renai? Tell me that. Tell me your version of events
5) 58) dialog: What about it? I don’t know how it got there. I don’t know why she showed up in pictures of me as a kid and I don’t know now. Renai still doesn’t seem convinced.
5) 59) dialog: We invited some extremely evil things into our house that night and one of those things murdered Elise. It’s as simple as that. You saw them too. You saw things that cannot be explained rationally and now you want to explain Elise’s death rationally. Well, it can’t be done. He grips her by the shoulders.
5) 60) dialog: Look at me. Look in my eyes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 23. She drills his eyes, inches from his face.
5) 61) dialog: It’s me. You know it’s me. I swear on our children’s lives. You have to believe me or we can’t go on from this point right now. Do you believe me? The moment hangs in the air. A long beat, until Renai bre
6) 0) text: Specs kills the lights and the projector lamp spits to li a shaft of light washing the opposite wall in white grain The film leader jerks and stutters before cutting to a di aging locked-off frame of YOUNG JOSH. He is slouched on a couch in a living room. The sound crackles and spits.
7) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are entranced by the footage. In it, the can now see CARL, who stoops in front of Young Josh, hold a WALKIE-TALKIE to his mouth. Young Josh twitches.
7) 10) text: facing the wall. Lorraine freezes with terror. Keeping quiet. Very slowly, turns away from the mirror to face the door. We TRACK WIT HER, following her eyes to see that the figure is still standing there. This was no illusion. The figure looks like a woman, in a short, dirty night go Modern, not Victorian. Her scraggly, oily blonde hair coi down her back. She presses her forehead against the wall the corridor. Lorraine’s eyes are locked on the woman. The woman appear be holding A BABY. The baby has PALE, DEAD SKIN. The woman turns her head, glaring over her shoulder at Re Eyes like portals into Hell. The woman’s skin is wrinkled The bathroom door groans as the breeze from outside pushe closed, blocking Lorraine’s view of the woman. Lorraine takes a step towards the door. Then another. She grips the handle...and opens the door. It creaks open...very slowly -- -- THEN SLAMS SHUT as if pulled! Lorraine SCREAMS, reelin back. She watches the door...hears footsteps. The door opens. I Josh.
7) 11) dialog: What happened?
7) 13) dialog: No. You didn’t. There’s no one here. If there was, that would scare my children. There is something about Josh's look. It’s hard. Unsympathetic. Lorraine gathers herself. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
7) 54) dialog: Yes...I understand...I will, I promise. The figure talking to Josh leans in and whispers somethin Josh's ear. We see that the figure is a woman - THE SAME WOMAN Lorraine saw. Josh turns and faces Dalton, eyes burning with rage.
7) 63) dialog: Take Dalton outside. Now. Renai simply sits, too stunned to move.
7) 64) dialog: Dalton, take your mother outside.
7) 66) dialog: I can. I’m not afraid of these things anymore. Go outside. Dalton scuttles over and aids Renai to her feet. They exi leaving Josh all alone. He ambles into the living room. Eerie quiet envelops him. A long beat of nothing. Finally:
7) 67) dialog: Are you there? (beat) Show yourself. We CIRCLE AROUND Josh. No response comes forth.
7) 68) dialog: Where are you? The sound of BREATHING rises - the rasping wheeze of an asthmatic, whistling through phlegm.
7) 69) dialog: Where are you? Josh turns, his eyes landing on a PAIR OF FEET, visible b the lace curve of the curtains. A FIGURE is hiding there. Josh approaches the figure. He is calm. Stops short, in f of the curtain. Keeping a safe distance, head bowed.
7) 70) dialog: What do you want? An EYE peeks out from behind the curtain - a blackened bu despair, glaring at Josh. We hear A VOICE. A whisper drag through gravel.
7) 72) dialog: Yes, mother. Josh keeps his eyes down. He looks up into the mirror mou to the wall above the fireplace. In it, he sees his own reflection - behind him is another figure. IT IS JOSH. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 39. He stares helplessly from beyond, a look of terror on his face. We PUSH INTO the mirror, so close that we BLEED INTO IT, entering the reflection itself.
8) 0) text: A dark world beyond the mirror - The Further version of Lorraine's living room. Limbs of mist swirl like tentacle We circle around the two figures - only now we see the TR versions of them. Josh has been replaced by an OLD WOMAN. Behind him, we se the REAL JOSH. He is terrified, dumb founded. The Old Woman smiles at Josh.
8) 2) dialog: I have to go now. Your wife needs me. His smile widens and he turns and walks away. EXT. ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Gloom settles over Elise’s house. INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Tucker studies the frames of film on his computer. Lorrai paces. Specs hunches in the corner, chewing his nails. A light flickers on near the door, emitting a buzz. A doorbell. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 40. Specs rises, checking a small BLACK AND WHITE SECURITY MONITOR by the door. It displays a locked-off shot of Eli front door step. On it, he can see a man. Waiting patiently.
8) 52) dialog: I’l1l be here. She leaves without saying goodbye, closing the door behin her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46. Possessed Josh stands at the window, peering through at R as she loads the kids into her car. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Possessed Josh runs his eyes over the photo’s of Young Jo Then, around age nine, the photos abruptly stop. The wall blank beyond them. He steps in close to one - of Young Josh grinning on the couch. A slight smile curls across his face. INT. KITCHEN, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Possessed Josh rifles through the stuffed refrigerator, fingers lingering over each item of food like it were gol He retrieves an armload of food, setting it on the counte He opens a carton of milk, drinking hungrily from it. Relishing every drop. Next, he takes a bite of some RAW STEAK, ripping and tear at it like an animal. He closes his eyes as he does, the sensual experience of eating overwhelming him. He chews slowly, savoring every moment. The cry of a baby interrupts. Possessed Josh is alarmed b it. He sets the steak down. INT. SPARE BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Possessed Josh wanders into the bedroom, glaring at the b fascinated. He scoops her up, rocking her gently.
8) 53) dialog: Shhh... He presses his nose to the baby’s face, inhaling her scen THEN - he FREEZES, setting the baby down, alarmed by a su JOLTING AGONY in his jaw. He reaches into his mouth and extracts a single BLOODY TO Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47. INT. BATHROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Possessed Josh enters, leaning into the mirror and prying lip up, examining the crater in his gum where the tooth w He looks down at the tooth in his palm. As he does, he cu his fingers around it. The fingernails are yellowing. Parched. With TERROR, he turns his hand over. The skin is withered wrinkled. Not to an alarming degree, but enough for someo this close to notice it. His fingerprints are different. These are not the hands o young man, but the aging hands of the elderly. He eyes the mirror. Sees a patch of GREY HAIR at his temp
8) 54) dialog: No...not yet. Not yet. Please no...
13) 0) text: It is 1983. The east wing of the hospital has returned to bustling heyday. Lorraine hikes down the corridor in a nu outfit. Young Josh is at her side. Lorraine shoulders into one room.
16) 0) text: An older man lies on the bed, asleep. This is PHILIP (50s Lorraine indicates to Josh to keep quiet, checking the ch at the end of the bed. Josh fiddles, bored. He approaches the sleeping man, then glances over the personal belongings piled beside the bed There is a FRAMED PHOTO of a WOMAN (60’s). She stares int the camera with a vacant, spectral glare. THIS IS THE WOM THAT SLAPPED RENAI. Josh giggles.
18) 0) text: Lorraine rushes for the elevator, grabs it just in time. depresses the button for the lobby. It lurches and descen She pivots and claps eyes on the ELDERLY MAN WHO SCREAMED JOSH, PHILIP. He is the only other person on the elevator He stares at Lorraine with eerily unblinking eyes.
21) 6) dialog: Hey buddy, come here. Foster scrambles to him and they hug.
21) 7) dialog: Did you have fun with mom?
21) 9) dialog: Did anything exciting happen?
21) 11) dialog: You sure? Maybe you got in a fight? He playfully wrestles Foster to the floor, attacking him. Foster cackles, loving it.
21) 12) dialog: I’m gonna eat you!
21) 14) dialog: Boo. You’re killing our fun. Foster gathers himself up off the floor and sprints away. Josh notices his hand - it is a little wrinkled. He hides with his sleeve as Renai leaves. Only Dalton is left.
21) 15) dialog: Hey son.
21) 18) dialog: I know.
21) 20) dialog: Don’t be. He rubs her stomach, kissing her neck and her ear.
21) 22) dialog: This isn’t what? A sly smile breaks out on her face. He leads her away. INT. SPARE BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Possessed Josh and Renai push into the bedroom, closing t door behind them. They fall back onto the bed. Renai gigg Possessed Josh isn’t laughing - he is caught up in the mo He kisses her neck and her body, growing more intense.
21) 25) dialog: What? Forgive me for wanting to have sex with my wife.
21) 27) dialog: You're going to leave me here like this?
21) 29) dialog: You know, I’m getting tired of you, Renai. You have your son back and you're still not happy. You skulk around here all day like a miserable, ungrateful bitch.
21) 31) dialog: No. It’s not. This house, this light, it’s nothing like being dead. I know. I know what it’s like where these things exist. I’ve seen it. They want what you have - life. That’s all they want. There is a grim certainty to Josh’s words that scares Ren
21) 32) dialog: So you have no idea how much you’re wasting your life by being afraid of them, because very soon...you’1ll be one of them. And you’1l realize you should’ve been happy for your brief little moment in the sun.
23) 29) dialog: Soon. He stares down at the clump of GREY HAIR in his hand. POSSESSED JOSH (0.S.) (CONT’D) I don’t want to die again.
23) 31) dialog: Can I help you?
23) 33) dialog: You're right, I don’t remember you.
23) 36) dialog: Have a seat. Carl does. He studies Possessed Josh. The greying hair an pale skin.
23) 38) dialog: I’m fine.
23) 40) dialog: No. I don’t.
23) 43) dialog: Elise did a great thing. She helped me get my son back. She sent me to a place...I saw faces there that won’t leave my field of vision. It was terrifying, but I got my son back. As he talks, Carl subtly glances down at Josh’s hands.
23) 44) dialog: Everything was good for about ten minutes. I left the room, and when I came back, Elise was gone. She was strangled.
23) 46) dialog: Yes. It was.
23) 48) dialog: No.
23) 50) dialog: Yes. Still a fan. Carl nods. He gets up, moving to the wall of photos. As h passes Possessed Josh, Carl grabs his arm.
23) 52) dialog: Not one bit. Carl looks into his eyes, then lets go and moves to the w of photographs. He zeroes in on the SAME PHOTO Elise stud when she first visited this house. When he is out of Possessed Josh’s line of sight, his expression melts into of fear.
23) 53) dialog: Would you like a coffee? I’m making one for myself.
24) 0) text: -- The Further. A cold, midnight version of Lorraine’s house. Carl is standing in the center of the room, dressed as he when he died. He is shell-shocked, frightened. A lost chi He sees a dark FIGURE approaching from the kitchen. The figure holds up a bright lantern, illuminating his face. It is Josh. He steps close to Carl.
24) 2) dialog: Now there’s no going back. Understand? Carl nods, shaken.
24) 4) dialog: She's in my body. The old woman. She murdered you and she’s going to do the same to my family. He places his hand on Carl’s shoulder. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75.
24) 5) dialog: I’m trapped here. I don’t know what to do to help them. A long beat passes as Carl takes in his surroundings, sti shocked.
24) 7) dialog: How? Carl moves to the door, opening it and unveiling an infin darkness.
25) 0) text: Darkness closes in around Josh and Carl like a suffocatin blanket. They stagger forward, not knowing which direction to head There is nothing in front of them. Josh whirls and stares back at the house, the lantern held out in front of him. They lurch on through the unfolding nothingness. The sounds of this world are a muffled aural cacophony. Distant SCREAMS, distorted and tortured. The whinny’s and snorts of ANIMALS. The wheeze of asthmatic BREATHING - al it swirling together in the distance, as if coming throug tinny, faraway speaker.
25) 2) dialog: Elise! Then...a figure looms in the distance. A man, standing al Staring at them. They approach. The man is unmoving. His unblinking eyes pivot between th two of them. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 76.
25) 4) dialog: Get away from me. Get away! And then - the entities suddenly SCREAM. A BLINDING LIGHT casts over them. They react to the light if it were fire. The sea of dead parts, retreating into the darkness. The light flickers and dies down...a FIGURE EMERGING FROM IT. IT IS ELISE. She is glowing with an inner light of her ow Her and Josh embrace, lingering long on the hug.
25) 6) dialog: I’m sorry.
25) 8) dialog: I need your help, Elise. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77.
25) 10) dialog: Who?
27) 0) text: Elise, Carl and Josh press through the dark, until a structure takes shape in front of them. It is Lorraine’s house. CANDLELIGHT flickers in the window, but otherwise the hou is dark.
27) 2) dialog: I need your help...I need to know how to destroy the Old Woman.
27) 4) dialog: This doors stays locked until I come out of my shell... EXT. LORRAINE’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) Josh shuffles through the door, back to Elise and Carl.
27) 5) dialog: He said that this door stays locked until I come out of my shell.
28) 0) text: We are in an earlier scene. Young Josh is perched next to Philip’s hospital bed. As before, we see Josh turn to face Philip - greeted by h sitting up in bed. Philip screams and locks his fingers around Josh's neck.
28) 3) dialog: Her name is Michelle... (beat) I got it wrong. I got the words wrong when I was a kid. It’s not ‘my shell’. It’s Michelle. (beat) I meant to say ‘this door stays locked until I come out as Michelle’. I remember it now.
28) 7) dialog: You scared me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 81. He steps out of the shadows. He has aged more VISIBLY now Renai cannot hide her shock.
28) 9) dialog: I know. That place Elise sent me to...it did something to me. I can feel it. He approaches her, standing over her.
28) 11) dialog: Of course. I meant it.
28) 13) dialog: I wanted to stay so much longer... the feeling of being alive again. You cannot comprehend how good it feels. To breathe. To eat. All the little things that you brush off, like a fly. But she wanted me to kill you. Possessed Josh shakes his head, tears in his eyes, scratc at his thinning hair.
28) 14) dialog: She wouldn’t stop. Wouldn’t stop pushing me to do it. Just like when I was a boy. She wouldn’t let me be a normal little boy. (MORE )
28) 16) dialog: She made me kill. And now you've just given her exactly what she wants once again. He opens his mouth - revealing BLOODIED GUMS where two mo of his teeth have fallen out. Renai BREAKS into a run and Possessed Josh streaks after her. She barrels into -- INT. KITCHEN, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS -- the kitchen, hurling a pan at him as she goes. He defl it, fury in his eyes.
28) 17) dialog: Come here! Renai SNATCHES up a kitchen knife, whirling around and slashing him. He WINCES, grabbing the knife. They struggle with each ot but he overpowers her, SLAPPING her viciously. She falls the ground. He towers over her with the knife, examining his wound.
28) 18) dialog: The pain feels good. It’s been such a long time since I felt real pain. I miss it. He wrenches Renai’s head up by the hair.
28) 19) dialog: But not as much as I miss the feeling of inflicting it on others. He holds the knife to her throat.
28) 20) dialog: Goodbye, Renai, and welcome to my world.
29) 0) text: Josh, Carl and Elise lope through the unfolding dark. The sound of a scream spirits towards them. Faint. Distan
29) 2) dialog: Did you hear that?
29) 4) dialog: That’s my son. Anguish floods Josh.
29) 5) dialog: Please God, no....I’ve got to help them. I’ve got to help them, that thing is going to kill them! He charges into the dark, literally screaming into the vo
29) 6) dialog: You bastard! Leave them alone! Elise joins him, struggling to calm him.
29) 8) dialog: He’s killing them! I can hear my son, don’t you understand that? I need to get to them, I need to help them, he’s --
29) 14) dialog: Hello? Mom?
29) 16) dialog: Who's Carl?
29) 18) dialog: No. He didn’t. No one by that name.
29) 20) dialog: You haven’t been around much this past few days. Why don’t you come home? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88.
29) 22) dialog: I love you too. Possessed Josh hangs up. INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine’s concern grows into fear.
29) 32) dialog: Most people don’t know when they’re going to die, but you do. It’s going to be in a very soon, and it’s going to be a slow, painful death. He smashes the door over and over, the slats in the frame coming loose. He forces his hands through them, pushing a hard as he can on the shelf wedged against it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 90. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai JOLTS with each THUMP against the door. She whisks her feet, whipping her head around the basement, seeing a of tools. She plucks a CHISEL from its slot, scurrying up the stair and STABBING it into Josh’s arm. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Possessed Josh YELPS in pain, jerking back...then laughs.
29) 33) dialog: I enjoy the pain. He storms down the corridor, then lurches to a stop in fr of a wall mounted mirror. Even in the dark, he can see hi reflection. With horror, he sees that he looks decidedly more AGED no haggard, haunted. Hair stringy and grey, spine arched. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai keeps the flashlight focused on the beams of wood a them. Dalton steps up beside Renai. His resolve has grown even more. He whispers in her ear.
30) 0) text: Josh, Carl and Elise FREEZE suddenly.
30) 1) dialog: Listen.
30) 3) dialog: That’s Renai.
32) 0) text: (We are now watching a scene from the original film) Josh and Renai are in bed. They hear someone pounding on front door. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 93.
32) 1) dialog: Who the hell is that? There is another round of desperate knocks on the door.
32) 2) dialog: Stay here. He bounds out of bed, jostling through the door.
33) 0) text: Josh paces into the hall. What he doesn’t see is the LONG HAIRED FIEND, standing be the doorway to Cali’s bedroom.
37) 0) text: Josh leads the charge, following Renai’s scream all the w to the front door of the house. He barrels through it. INT. CALI’S ROOM, LAMBERT HOME (THE FURTHER) Josh charges in, confronted with the sight of the Long Ha Fiend assaulting his wife. Josh HURLS himself at The Fiend, attacking with all his strength. WHAM! Josh socks the Fiend in the face, trading devastati blows with him, his fury providing strength. He PICKS THE FIEND up, hurling him THROUGH THE WINDOW. Th Fiends’ screams recede into The Further. Josh embraces Renai, tearful. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Foster hovers over Dalton and Renai, who lie on the floor out cold. Foster clings to his mother. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME
37) 3) dialog: Who are they? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 96.
37) 14) dialog: I’m going to leave you alive. But I’m going to make you watch. He hales her along the floor to the lip of the hole he cu INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) Josh keeps Renai close to him, advancing down the corrido Finally, they reach a DOOR. A heavy oak door, it is guard by a GHOUL, his head bowed. A demon. There is nowhere left to go. Josh marches forward, trying pass him - but the monstrous man blocks his path with a t forearm.
37) 16) dialog: Now it’s all over. INT. DOWNSTAIRS CORRIDOR, PHILIP’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) Josh leans into the ear of the demon, whispering.
37) 17) dialog: Michelle. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 99. The demon reaches out with taloned fingers, gripping the handle and opening the door. Josh steps inside. INT. YOUNG PHILIP’S BEDROOM (THE FURTHER) The same bedroom that Carl first explored reveals itself. same eloquent dollhouse’s and child’s drawings. It is obviously the bedroom of a young girl. Josh’s eyes sweep the room, coming to rest on the young girl in quest She sits with her back to Josh, slumped on a stool, facin the wall. Her hair is long and combed into twin pig-tails. Her dres decorated with fanciful trimmings. Her feet dangle above floor. Josh approaches the young girl, very slowly. The girl doesn’t move. He reaches out to touch her should
37) 18) dialog: Michelle? The girl suddenly SPINS around -- revealing that it is NO GIRL AT ALL. It is a young boy, bedecked in a dress.
37) 30) dialog: Get away from him! Michelle HISSES with rage and lunges at Josh. Renai whisk and grabs Young Philip, hauling him out of harms way as Michelle FLAILS WILDLY at Josh. He struggles with her -- INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT -- just as Lorraine struggles with Possessed Josh, both o them fighting for control of the AXE -- INT. YOUNG PHILIP’S BEDROOM (THE FURTHER) -- Michelle and Josh struggle. With the force of ten men, Michelle HURLS Josh across the room with the ease of a ra doll. Josh's body missile’s into the wall, sagging to the floor
37) 34) dialog: What about you two?
37) 39) dialog: Renai...it’s me. It’s me. We see that he is no longer AGED. The wrinkles have melte away, the color returned to his formerly undead pallor. R joins him in shedding tears of joy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 105.
37) 41) dialog: You know it’s me. Somehow, Renai can see his soul. Something has changed ab him. Renai can’t hold it anymore - her arms enfolding him They are together again. Josh looks over Renai’s shoulder Dalton, who is still afraid.
37) 42) dialog: Come here son. Dalton joins his mother and Dalton in the embrace. Lorrai watches on...happy once again. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai tends to Tucker, whose shirt is bloodstained. Specs gathers himself, nursing a sore head.
37) 43) dialog: I’1l call an ambulance.
37) 45) dialog: I’m not going anywhere. EXT. LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Specs wanders back to Tucker’s van, carrying Tucker’s gog He pries open the back of the van, climbing up onto the l and slotting the flashlights back into their allotted cas And then he stops. Because he hears something. Brow furro he trains his ears on it. A low, hissy whisper. Intrigued, he ransacks the mess stacked in the van. He finally lands on the GAS MASK device. The whispering is coming from the headphones attached to Specs lifts them to his ears...hearing a slight, barely audible hiss. A singular voice swims within the white noi Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 106. Specs snatches a pen and paper, jotting down what he hear
37) 48) dialog: You've got plenty of songs left to write. We’re going to live a long life together. They kiss, lingering on it. Enjoying it. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - DAY Renai meanders up the hall, buoyed by a happiness she has felt in a long time. She opens the door to Josh’s old bedroom. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 107. INT. YOUNG JOSH’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - DAY Renai pads inside. It is dark, the blinds drawn.