0) 1) dialog: You must be Elise.
0) 3) dialog: I’m sorry it’s so late. My day job kinda makes raising my son a night job.
0) 8) dialog: Would you like some coffee? Or tea?
0) 10) dialog: Yes. That’s right. My son Josh.
0) 12) dialog: Of course. I’1l go get him. Lorraine hustles up the stairs. Carl lowers his voice to grave whisper.
0) 19) dialog: She's right there. Elise STARTS, jolted out of her focus. She turns to see Lorraine herding the young boy from the photo down the st - JOSH LAMBERT (10). Lorraine tows and Josh resists.
0) 20) dialog: (to Josh; firm) Come on, just say hi to her. She just wants to talk to you for a little bit. You’re not being polite, Josh. No politeness, no baseball. Josh sees that Elise is looking at him. Softens, embarras
0) 23) text: Your mom’s right, I’d love to ask you some simple questions. The good kind, the kind you can’t get wrong. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - LATER We see a POV FROM THE 16MM CAMERA - it frames up Josh, sitting on the couch, pulsing in and out of focus at firs
0) 63) text: (from walkie) ..-what do you want?...why? Lorraine carefully approaches Josh. Bends in front of him
0) 64) dialog: Honey? Are you okay? Honey?
0) 66) dialog: What did you see?
0) 68) dialog: What was it?
0) 70) dialog: What does it want?
0) 72) dialog: What can you do to stop it?
0) 74) dialog: Do it. Make him forget. FADE TO BLACK. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 10.
2) 5) dialog: Renai? Renai says nothing - just points to Elise. Josh locks his eyes on Elise, his face dropping. He seems horrified.
2) 9) dialog: She’s gone.
2) 11) dialog: She's dead. Josh seems like he might faint. He staggers back, then lo up at Renai. Her eyes are locked on him.
4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
5) 12) dialog: Make yourself at home. My house is your house. Josh, who is toting a sleeping Cali, reaches out and take bag from Lorraine's shoulder.
5) 14) dialog: I can manage.
5) 16) dialog: I’1ll go and make up the beds.
5) 18) dialog: Oh no, Renai, please let me do that.
5) 20) dialog: You really need to sleep. Don’t even worry about the dishes.
5) 22) dialog: Okay. Sorry. It’s hard for me to stop playing mother. INT. YOUNG JOSH’S BEDROOM - NIGHT The bedroom looks much as it did when Josh was a boy. Toy clustered in boxes. The closet doors face the bed. The main difference is that there are now TWO single beds opposite sides of the room, rather than one. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 18. Foster reclines across the mattress nearest to the window Dalton is in the bed by the door, reading a book. He look when he hears a knock. It’s Josh.
7) 8) dialog: Please don’t leave us again. This time, she hears Dalton’s whispered sleep-talking.
7) 10) text: facing the wall. Lorraine freezes with terror. Keeping quiet. Very slowly, turns away from the mirror to face the door. We TRACK WIT HER, following her eyes to see that the figure is still standing there. This was no illusion. The figure looks like a woman, in a short, dirty night go Modern, not Victorian. Her scraggly, oily blonde hair coi down her back. She presses her forehead against the wall the corridor. Lorraine’s eyes are locked on the woman. The woman appear be holding A BABY. The baby has PALE, DEAD SKIN. The woman turns her head, glaring over her shoulder at Re Eyes like portals into Hell. The woman’s skin is wrinkled The bathroom door groans as the breeze from outside pushe closed, blocking Lorraine’s view of the woman. Lorraine takes a step towards the door. Then another. She grips the handle...and opens the door. It creaks open...very slowly -- -- THEN SLAMS SHUT as if pulled! Lorraine SCREAMS, reelin back. She watches the door...hears footsteps. The door opens. I Josh.
7) 12) dialog: I saw...someone. Josh approaches her. Lowers his voice, through gritted te
7) 14) text: You're right. It was probably my imagination after everything. I’m sorry. INT. DOOR WAY/LIVING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - MORNING A knock at the door. Specs opens it to see Lorraine.
7) 15) dialog: Hello Specs.
7) 17) dialog: I found out that you guys were here. Can I come in? Specs opens the door. Lorraine steps inside.
7) 18) dialog: I was usually so happy to walk through that door. I’d be hearing that laugh of hers by now. Feels so empty here without that laugh.
7) 20) dialog: She was a great human. I’m sorry.
7) 22) dialog: Whatever it was that killed her... whatever it was that was haunting our family...it’s not done with us yet. Last night, I saw something in my house...a woman. She looked right at me. (beat) It’s still happening. It’s not over. I need your help. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 31. Specs and Tucker exchange a look. Tucker nods, giving sil permission.
7) 25) dialog: I did a lot to try and forget that part of my life until recently.
7) 27) dialog: Yes. I remember.
7) 33) dialog: I...don’t...what are you saying?
7) 35) dialog: No...no...it can’t...I’ve spoken to Josh. Over the last few days. He’s with us.
7) 37) dialog: What do we do?
7) 39) dialog: But how do we talk to Elise... without Elise? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. INT. SPARE BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE —- MORNING Renai opens her eyes. She is alone in bed. Josh and Cali gone. She glances at the alarm clock - it reads 10:07 AM. Renai sits upright, listening. Hears voices outside. INT. KITCHEN, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - MORNING Renai shuffles through the door. Through the kitchen window she sees JOSH, playing with Fo in the backyard. Josh is on his knees, pushing trucks aro Renai smiles. Dalton zombie-walks into the kitchen, tired. He sits at t kitchen table, eyes down. He looks afraid.
7) 49) dialog: Please don’t leave us again. From Dalton’s POV, we see a figure STANDING BEHIND Lorrai draped in shadow. Dalton’s eyes are FILLED WITH TERROR.
8) 0) text: A dark world beyond the mirror - The Further version of Lorraine's living room. Limbs of mist swirl like tentacle We circle around the two figures - only now we see the TR versions of them. Josh has been replaced by an OLD WOMAN. Behind him, we se the REAL JOSH. He is terrified, dumb founded. The Old Woman smiles at Josh.
8) 4) dialog: Hi Carl. It’s been a long time.
8) 6) dialog: Stop it. They hug.
8) 8) dialog: Carl, this is Tucker. Carl turns and shakes hands with Tucker.
8) 12) dialog: I don’t think any of us were.
8) 14) dialog: Maybe you will have your chance to say your goodbye’s.
8) 16) dialog: Please help us, Carl.
8) 19) dialog: Please. Carl shoots her a look...then takes off his jacket.
8) 49) dialog: Our Lady Of The Angels is a hospital. (beat) I know because I used to work there. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai drags Dalton and Foster through the living room. Possessed Josh watches her scramble to find her car keys.
10) 0) text: A normal, bustling hospital. Lorraine waits with Specs, C and Tucker at the reception station. A man in surgeon’s scrubs approaches. This is IAN NANKERV (52), a longtime resident of this hospital.
10) 2) dialog: Hey yourself. They hug.
10) 3) dialog: You look great, Ian.
10) 5) dialog: These are my friends Steven, Tucker and Carl Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48. Ian shakes hands with them all.
10) 7) dialog: Well, was I right? Most of my work was in the East Wing right?
10) 9) dialog: So we could we take a look around?
11) 0) text: This section of the hospital has been closed and emptied There are scattered pieces of equipment, but the halls ar eerily empty. Trash and dust everywhere, a place neglecte Lorraine, Specs, Carl and Tucker wander down the hall wit Hispanic SECURITY GUARD, JESUS (38).
11) 2) dialog: Thanks. Jesus stays behind at the nurses station, and the trio ke ambling down the long corridor, poking their heads into various abandoned rooms. They round a corner, losing sight of Jesus.
11) 3) dialog: I don’t know what we’re looking for. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 49.
11) 5) dialog: I mean, I saw hundreds, thousands of patients. It’s impossible to pick out a name like that. They wander, Specs and Tucker splitting off, examining different rooms. Some sunlight streams in, but there are darker sections without windows. We stay with Lorraine an Carl as they roam the halls. They round a corner, facing another long corridor. They shuffle down it. Lorraine is melancholy, flooded with mem
11) 6) dialog: This is kind of overwhelming. I walked up and down these hallways for a long time, spending every minute of my day trying to keep people from dying. I thought I was doing good. (beat) Now I’m under attack from the other side. From the dead. It makes me question if I did something wrong. How did I bring this on my family? Why won’t they leave us alone?
11) 8) dialog: What is it? Carl doesn’t answer. He turns to face a door beside him. CLOSE ON HIS FACE - it is painted with a FEARFUL expressi
11) 10) text: Carl backtracks from the door. Lorraine sidles up next to Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 50.
12) 0) text: They shamble into a small patient care room, a gurney sti lying in it. Wires coil on the floor where medical equipm has been removed. Lorraine’s eyes scour the walls, eventually ascending to CEILING. There is a large BROWN STAIN there. Now it is Lorraine’s turn to be afraid.
12) 1) dialog: I remember this room..
13) 0) text: It is 1983. The east wing of the hospital has returned to bustling heyday. Lorraine hikes down the corridor in a nu outfit. Young Josh is at her side. Lorraine shoulders into one room.
14) 2) dialog: Hi Audrey, this is my son, Josh. He’s come to work with me today.
15) 0) text: Lorraine keeps moving, very busy. She checks the name on another room, entering carefully. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51.
16) 0) text: An older man lies on the bed, asleep. This is PHILIP (50s Lorraine indicates to Josh to keep quiet, checking the ch at the end of the bed. Josh fiddles, bored. He approaches the sleeping man, then glances over the personal belongings piled beside the bed There is a FRAMED PHOTO of a WOMAN (60’s). She stares int the camera with a vacant, spectral glare. THIS IS THE WOM THAT SLAPPED RENAI. Josh giggles.
16) 1) dialog: Shhh. Lorraine gives him the death glare, then busies herself w his chart. Josh turns his attention back to the photo.
17) 0) text: Lorraine shakes the memory off. Specs and Tucker wander i Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
17) 2) dialog: I had a patient in here once. In this room. I remember I brought Josh into work with me one day and this man, this patient of mine, he screamed at Josh.
17) 4) dialog: It was...right around the time Josh started having nightmares.
17) 6) dialog: He had cut himself. At first, he said it was an accident. We suspected that he did the cutting himself.
17) 8) dialog: A few days later I saw him again.
18) 0) text: Lorraine rushes for the elevator, grabs it just in time. depresses the button for the lobby. It lurches and descen She pivots and claps eyes on the ELDERLY MAN WHO SCREAMED JOSH, PHILIP. He is the only other person on the elevator He stares at Lorraine with eerily unblinking eyes.
18) 1) dialog: Good to see you. Feeling better I see, up and about.
18) 3) dialog: That’s good. Are you checking out?
18) 5) dialog: Well, great. That’s good.
18) 7) dialog: I’m sorry about everything that happened with him. He was being a nosy kid. I shouldn’t have brought him on my rounds.
18) 9) dialog: He’s okay. He’s learned his lesson.
18) 11) dialog: Wouldn’t we all?
18) 13) dialog: How did you...? Philip alights the elevator, walking away into the corrid
19) 0) text: Spooked, Lorraine navigates the crowd to the nurses stati at the lobby. A nurse looks up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 54.
19) 1) dialog: Excuse me, I was wondering if I could get some info on a patient? He’s checking out today.
19) 3) dialog: Room 104. He came in with a laceration. The nurse skims through some files, plucking one out.
19) 5) dialog: What?
19) 7) dialog: No, no he didn’t. I just spoke to him on the elevator not thirty seconds ago.
20) 4) dialog: He hung himself.
20) 6) dialog: After. Later that year...
20) 8) dialog: Philip. His name was Philip.
21) 0) text: A cavern of paperwork. An abyss of administration. Ian leads Lorraine, Carl, Specs and Tucker down a narrow aisle between rows and rows of hospital records. He slides out a box of files. IN MONTAGE - we see Ian, flicking through various pages o yellowing files. He lands on one in particular - PHILIP CRAIN. Lorraine accepts it from him.
21) 1) dialog: Thanks, Ian. Specs, Tucker and Carl crowd over her shoulder, scanning information written on the paper. Carl FOCUSES IN on the ADDRESS written below Philip’s nam 4471 ARROW AVENUE.
22) 2) dialog: Do you feel something?
22) 7) dialog: Are you okay? Specs has tears in his eyes.
22) 11) dialog: Something you never forget once you've worked in a hospital. They creep down the corridor, reaching a set of double do Specs opens them.
23) 1) dialog: My God...I’ve seen her...
23) 5) dialog: Not by her. I’d say this woman’s only been dead about three weeks. Maybe a month. She looks about eighty. There is a large locket around her neck. Tucker opens it inside is a PHOTO. Tucker pries it free. It is a shot of woman they see with a young boy, around 11. On the back, the words MICHELLE AND PHILIP.
23) 8) dialog: It looks like a girls bedroom. As they face the wall, a TEENAGE GIRL EMERGES FROM behind cabinet, marching outside the room. They do not see it. T floorboards creak and Carl wheels on the sound. All is then quiet again. Carl approaches the doorway...slowly...slowly...
23) 16) dialog: That’s him...that’s Philip.
23) 23) dialog: We've got to know for sure that something is wrong with Josh before we do anything.
24) 0) text: -- The Further. A cold, midnight version of Lorraine’s house. Carl is standing in the center of the room, dressed as he when he died. He is shell-shocked, frightened. A lost chi He sees a dark FIGURE approaching from the kitchen. The figure holds up a bright lantern, illuminating his face. It is Josh. He steps close to Carl.
26) 0) text: Lorraine and Renai sit on a bench, observing a playground Renai rocks a blanket covered stroller. Forced smiles.
26) 1) dialog: I’m so happy to spend time with Dalton again.
26) 3) dialog: It'd be nice to have everything back to normal again. (beat) But it isn’t. Is it?
26) 5) dialog: Yes. A long beat passes. The forced smiles are gone.
26) 6) dialog: Have you noticed anything...strange about Josh?
26) 8) dialog: Anything that he’s done or said?
26) 10) dialog: I’m thinking Josh may have gone into that other world and come back a different person.
26) 12) dialog: Right now, a friend of mine is at your house. He’s a psychic, like Elise was. I’m hoping he can tell us something. (beat) And you know Josh better than anyone. I’m not saying something is definitely wrong...we just need to know for sure.
26) 14) dialog: Talk to him. Take his picture. Ask him a question only he would know. (beat) Do it as soon as you can.
27) 0) text: Elise, Carl and Josh press through the dark, until a structure takes shape in front of them. It is Lorraine’s house. CANDLELIGHT flickers in the window, but otherwise the hou is dark.
29) 12) dialog: Carl, it’s me again. Please call me as soon as possible. Thanks. She hangs up, anxious.
29) 13) dialog: That's my third try. I’m gonna try my house. She dials again. This time the phone rings. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT The house phone bleats, ringing throughout the house. Possessed Josh ceases pounding on the door, scanning arou for the phone in the cradle. He picks it up.
29) 15) dialog: (from phone) Josh, sorry to call so late, I was...wondering if you saw Carl today.
29) 17) dialog: (from phone) He’s an old friend of mine. So I’m guessing he didn’t stop by from the sound of that?
29) 19) dialog: (from phone) Really...okay.
29) 21) dialog: (from phone) Alright, I will. I’11 see you soon. I love you.
29) 23) dialog: My son is a loving person...but he’s not the type to say I love you to his mom over the phone. Something is wrong. He said Carl never even came over. She turns to Specs and Tucker.
29) 24) dialog: We've gotta get over there. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT The pounding on the door has stopped. Eerie quiet. Renai is slumped on the floor in her pyjamas, cradling Ca Her children huddle close to her.
37) 0) text: Josh leads the charge, following Renai’s scream all the w to the front door of the house. He barrels through it. INT. CALI’S ROOM, LAMBERT HOME (THE FURTHER) Josh charges in, confronted with the sight of the Long Ha Fiend assaulting his wife. Josh HURLS himself at The Fiend, attacking with all his strength. WHAM! Josh socks the Fiend in the face, trading devastati blows with him, his fury providing strength. He PICKS THE FIEND up, hurling him THROUGH THE WINDOW. Th Fiends’ screams recede into The Further. Josh embraces Renai, tearful. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Foster hovers over Dalton and Renai, who lie on the floor out cold. Foster clings to his mother. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME
37) 6) dialog: That’s strange...
37) 8) dialog: No lights on inside. Or at the front door. Tucker checks the other houses on the street, still glowi from within.
37) 10) dialog: Oh no...please no.
37) 27) dialog: Noooo!!! Lorraine LEAPS at him. INT. YOUNG PHILIP’S BEDROOM (THE FURTHER) Michelle seems to enjoy Young Philip’s tears.
37) 36) dialog: Renai...please wake up. They reach the front door, flinging it open. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 104. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) The duo stagger inside, seeing the dark, empty living roo The floor has been torn up, and all the damage Possessed caused is plainly visible. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine cradles Renai.
37) 37) dialog: Renai, please wake up! INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE (THE FURTHER) FROM JOSH'S POV - we fly through the pitch space of the basement, only two bodies visible in it - Josh and Renai. Both bodies lie prone on the basement floor. Our POV RUSH TOWARDS Josh’s body. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Renai COUGHS suddenly, her eyes blinking. She snaps to attention.