1) 0) text: A woman is hunched in a chair opposite a police detective She is pale, traumatized, her face streaked with tears. This is RENAI LAMBERT (32). The officer is DETECTIVE TERR SENDAL (40). He regards Renai with a relaxed, coaxing eye true professional who listens rather than speaks. A crush silence envelopes the stark room. Finally:
1) 6) dialog: Then things started...happening... around the house. Unexplained things. I got so freaked out that we moved. But they kept happening.
2) 0) text: Renai scurries into the living room. She is confronted by frozen death mask of Elise, stock-still on the couch. With horror, Renai seizes a flashlight and flits down the corridor.
2) 1) dialog: Josh! Josh! Renai returns to the living room. She rakes up a digital camera from the floor. An image an Old Woman is burned in the viewing window. Renai GASPS, her hand flying to her mouth. Another hand g her shoulder from behind.
3) 0) text: Sendal studies Renai intensely. Her every twitch.
4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
7) 41) dialog: Come on, it’s the weekend. You get to have whatever you want. Take advantage of this one-time only opportunity.
7) 44) dialog: Are you okay? (beat) Come on, you can tell me. What’s the matter?
8) 51) dialog: I’m going out. I’m taking the kids out for a while. I have to get out of here.
16) 0) text: An older man lies on the bed, asleep. This is PHILIP (50s Lorraine indicates to Josh to keep quiet, checking the ch at the end of the bed. Josh fiddles, bored. He approaches the sleeping man, then glances over the personal belongings piled beside the bed There is a FRAMED PHOTO of a WOMAN (60’s). She stares int the camera with a vacant, spectral glare. THIS IS THE WOM THAT SLAPPED RENAI. Josh giggles.
21) 24) dialog: What is wrong with you?
26) 0) text: Lorraine and Renai sit on a bench, observing a playground Renai rocks a blanket covered stroller. Forced smiles.
29) 28) dialog: Look after your brother and sister. Dalton nods firmly. There is a new found strength in him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 89.
29) 31) dialog: It’s okay. I’m here, I’m here. A beam of light swords through the room as Renai triggers flashlight. She listens...hearing footsteps above their heads. The wo creaks under the weight of someone’s shoes, pacing upstai The family huddles together, glaring up at the ceiling. T slow pacing stops and all is quiet again. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Possessed Josh enters from the kitchen, carrying a heavy EXTINGUISHER. He SMASHES IT into the door to the basement. The wood cra splintering. He drives the extinguisher into the door aga
29) 37) dialog: I’1l go. She hunkers down to his level. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca gl.
29) 38) dialog: You took me into that place last night, didn’t you?
30) 2) dialog: Josh...
31) 0) text: The sound of a baby crying spirits towards Renai from the darkness. She turns to see THE ORIGINAL VICTORIAN HOME where this a began for her.
32) 0) text: (We are now watching a scene from the original film) Josh and Renai are in bed. They hear someone pounding on front door. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 93.
34) 0) text: Renai tries the door handle again. No good. INT. CALI’S BEDROOM, LAMBERT HOME - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) In Cali’s room, the Fiend hovers over her crib. He reache in, touching the baby. She gurgles. Renai suddenly appears in the doorway to Cali’s room -
35) 0) text: Renai hears a SCREAM. With all the power she can summon, she BLASTS her fists i the front door. It flies open, the burglar alarm wailing instantly.
36) 0) text: Renai stampedes inside the former Lambert home, hastening the stairs in a blur.
37) 0) text: Josh leads the charge, following Renai’s scream all the w to the front door of the house. He barrels through it. INT. CALI’S ROOM, LAMBERT HOME (THE FURTHER) Josh charges in, confronted with the sight of the Long Ha Fiend assaulting his wife. Josh HURLS himself at The Fiend, attacking with all his strength. WHAM! Josh socks the Fiend in the face, trading devastati blows with him, his fury providing strength. He PICKS THE FIEND up, hurling him THROUGH THE WINDOW. Th Fiends’ screams recede into The Further. Josh embraces Renai, tearful. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Foster hovers over Dalton and Renai, who lie on the floor out cold. Foster clings to his mother. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME
37) 50) dialog: What are you doing? Dalton PIVOTS TOWARDS HER - - and with DREAD, Renai sees that he is running a CRAYON his face, coloring it BRIGHT RED. As he stabs at his sanguine face with the crayon, his features morph into an eerie and terrifying expression of pure homicidal intent. A grimace from the pits of HELL. Renai WAILS a blood-curdling cry of FEAR AND ANGUISH as w CUT TO BLACK. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca