4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
5) 0) text: The mourners dissipate, scattering like leaves. Specs and Tucker meander away from the crowd, heads down. man in an ill-fitting suit huffs up the hill behind them. is DAVID FOX (47). He is holding a folder of papers.
5) 5) dialog: Her estate?
5) 7) dialog: Yeah, but...
5) 10) dialog: Tucker...
5) 63) dialog: All the stuff we’ve seen, the ghosts...I feel like that should be a comfort somehow, like, we have firsthand knowledge that there’s something else. That she’s still with us. But it’s not. Turns out the living version of someone is always better.
5) 65) dialog: What?
5) 67) dialog: You're sick.
5) 69) dialog: You first.
5) 71) dialog: Hurry up. Tucker descends the steps to another door, opening it. INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Draped immediately behind the door there is a curtain. Tucker parts it, shuffling into a large, dark room with a small card table at the center, flanked by four chairs. A hanging lamp dangles above the table, which is covered red TABLE CLOTH. Tucker flicks a switch and the lamp give off a pale glow, revealing a deck of TAROT CARDS fanned o on the cloth. This room is also filled with bric-a-brac...but not of th bright kind like upstairs. Shelves are lined with artifac the occult, strange instruments, books on the afterlife. Against the back wall is a FILING CABINET, a 16MM FILM PROJECTOR and a life size ANATOMICAL DUMMY. The dummy is wearing the GAS MASK that Elise once used to contact Dalton. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 25. They open the filing cabinet, thumbing through and haulin out a file labelled ‘LAMBERT, JOSH - 1983’. Tucker skims through the file; through papers and handwri notes taken down by Elise. He finds two rolls of 16mm film, holds them up for Specs see, marked LAMBERT.
6) 0) text: Specs kills the lights and the projector lamp spits to li a shaft of light washing the opposite wall in white grain The film leader jerks and stutters before cutting to a di aging locked-off frame of YOUNG JOSH. He is slouched on a couch in a living room. The sound crackles and spits.
6) 4) dialog: Shhh.
7) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are entranced by the footage. In it, the can now see CARL, who stoops in front of Young Josh, hold a WALKIE-TALKIE to his mouth. Young Josh twitches.
7) 3) dialog: What the hell does that mean? INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - LATER (MONTAGE) A MONTAGE of Specs and Tucker cutting the last few frames of the film reel with scissors. They lay it on a computer scanner, copying it -- the fram appearing on Tucker's laptop screen. They hunch in front of the computer screen, enlarging the image of the corner of the living room where Josh was sta The frame renders, sharpening. There is a blurred shadow there. Tucker traces his finger along the edge of the sha
7) 5) dialog: Can you brighten it? Tucker pecks at the keyboard. The image brightens. CLOSE ON SPECS AND TUCKER - they are stunned. We do not see what they see.
7) 6) dialog: Oh my God... INT. LORRAINE’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT As opaque and still as the deep ocean. Lorraine JOLTS awake with a yelp of fright, alert. She ta in her surroundings, inhales. Relieved. She peels back the sheets, climbing out of bed. The TV is still mumbling away. She flicks it off with a remote. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Lorraine slinks stealthily into the darkened hall. She pa an open door. It is Dalton’s new bedroom. She backs up. INT. YOUNG JOSH’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Lorraine enters, crossing the dark room and looming over sleeping grand-children, watching their movements. She focuses on Dalton. His chest rises and falls. Light bleeds in from the window. Dalton twitches and mutters something unintelligible, sle talking. He rolls over.
7) 14) text: You're right. It was probably my imagination after everything. I’m sorry. INT. DOOR WAY/LIVING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - MORNING A knock at the door. Specs opens it to see Lorraine.
7) 16) dialog: Hey. An awkward pause.
7) 19) dialog: Yeah, she liked to laugh. We liked her because she never laughed at us. Like everyone else did.
7) 23) dialog: Come on, we wanna show you something. INT. READING ROOM, ELISE’S HOUSE - DAY Specs and Tucker lead Lorraine into Elise’s reading room.
7) 24) dialog: Do you remember the first time Elise visited your house, to talk to Josh when he was a boy?
7) 26) dialog: Elise hypnotized him, and then asked him a series of questions.
7) 28) dialog: At the end of that session, Josh said something strange. Tucker slaps his keyboard and the scene from the 16mm foo opens up in a viewing window on the screen.
7) 32) dialog: This is the last photo Elise ever took, seconds before she was strangled to death. One would assume it’s a photo of her killer.
7) 36) dialog: If we’re right, that means the real Josh is still out there.
8) 3) dialog: He’s here. Specs hastens up the stairs. We hear the front door open, inaudible chatter. Footsteps thump overhead, the floorboa complaining. Specs tromps back down the stairs, followed by another ma it’s CARL (60s). He ducks as he steps into the reading ro taking a moment to survey the group. Lorraine stands.
8) 15) dialog: We have questions that need answering. And the only person we can think of to ask is Elise.
8) 23) dialog: They just don’t make toys anymore like they did in the eighties, huh? Tucker shoots Specs a glare. He raises a microphone on a gimbal, like a desk-lamp, to Carl’s mouth.
8) 25) dialog: There’s no time for that.
8) 32) dialog: Michelle...
8) 37) dialog: There’s no one there... They hear the front door OPEN...then footsteps above them Measured. Deliberate. Their eyes follow the footsteps as make their way across the floor... .-.-down the stairs that lead to the reading room. Closer Closer. Stopping in front of the door. A moments lull --
8) 47) dialog: Look... Everyone turns to face him. He wanders over to the strewn Wiki-Board, sifting through its parts to lift the word display. It says PHILIP OUR LADY OF THE ANGELS
8) 48) dialog: Philip...our lady of the angels. What does that mean?
10) 0) text: A normal, bustling hospital. Lorraine waits with Specs, C and Tucker at the reception station. A man in surgeon’s scrubs approaches. This is IAN NANKERV (52), a longtime resident of this hospital.
11) 0) text: This section of the hospital has been closed and emptied There are scattered pieces of equipment, but the halls ar eerily empty. Trash and dust everywhere, a place neglecte Lorraine, Specs, Carl and Tucker wander down the hall wit Hispanic SECURITY GUARD, JESUS (38).
11) 4) dialog: Now that we’re here, forget the actual hospital and think about the name Philip.
17) 0) text: Lorraine shakes the memory off. Specs and Tucker wander i Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
17) 1) dialog: Anything?
20) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are utterly riveted by the story. Specs takes out a notepad and pen, scrawls on it.
20) 2) dialog: Writing it down. That was a great fucking ghost story.
21) 0) text: A cavern of paperwork. An abyss of administration. Ian leads Lorraine, Carl, Specs and Tucker down a narrow aisle between rows and rows of hospital records. He slides out a box of files. IN MONTAGE - we see Ian, flicking through various pages o yellowing files. He lands on one in particular - PHILIP CRAIN. Lorraine accepts it from him.
22) 4) dialog: This bill is four months old.
22) 8) dialog: We've never gone into a house before without Elise. I guess...it just hit me that she’s gone. The finality of it. Lorraine hugs Specs, leading him into the house. FROM TUCKER’S POV - night-vision views of the living room different degrees of UV light. The mask automatically cli between the three different filters. Click...click...click. Specs follows Tucker with a flashlight. Click...click...click. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 63. Carl swoops his flashlight across the room. Boxes are stacked, piled on rotting newspapers.
22) 9) dialog: Somebody call Hoarders...whoever lived here was a complete shut-in. The house is in putrid decay...as if the walls themselves were living things that had long ago died. Peeling wallpa dripping in some unfelt heat. Insects cluster in piles of rotting food. INT. STAIRWELL/UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, PHILIP’S HOUSE - NIGHT The four of them advance up the stairs. Specs takes out a handkerchief, covering his nose.
22) 10) dialog: What is that smell?
23) 0) text: Specs leads the others into a large bedroom with soaring ceilings and a large bed covered by a canopy. The four of them swat their flashlights onto it, reacting an intolerable stench. Tucker lifts his goggles. Carl parts the curtain covering the bed, revealing the skeletal corpse of an old woman, lying across the mattres eyes fixed and open.
23) 4) dialog: Josh was haunted by an old woman. Lorraine leans in very close.
23) 10) dialog: Look... They snap their attention to a CAT. Sitting in the center the living room, STARING AT THE WALL. The cat pays no attention to them, fixated on the wall.
23) 17) dialog: The M killer. I remember this case. Serial killers are one of my other hobbies. Besides chasing demons. It’s an unsolved case.
37) 11) dialog: We're right behind you. Tucker grabs a large tool from the back of his van, wield it like a sword, along with a flashlight. They approach t front door. Lorraine fishes for keys, slots one into the lock. It cli open. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97. INT. ENTRY WAY/LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The trio blunder into the house, Tucker first. He gropes forward in the dark. Specs follows Tucker with a flashlight. The light illumin pockets of a desolate living room. No signs of life. INT. BASEMENT, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Dalton blinks awake, coughing. Renai is still lying next him, out cold. Dalton stands, reborn with strength. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Specs and Tucker keep treking forward. All is quiet.