4) 0) text: The sun flares down on a large congregation of mourners. are gathered around an open grave. A casket is lowered into the grave. Lorraine, Josh, Renai Dalton hover over it. Renai cradles Cali, and FOSTER slin behind Josh, who is wearing DARK SUNGLASSES. We PAN across the disparate group of grievers. So many different ages and races. A true mix, all dressed in blac Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15. One of the mourners is CARL, who we met in the opening sc He’s aged a lot in the past thirty years, but still wears same expression of pensive thought. We finally come to rest on two men - SPECS and TUCKER.
5) 0) text: The mourners dissipate, scattering like leaves. Specs and Tucker meander away from the crowd, heads down. man in an ill-fitting suit huffs up the hill behind them. is DAVID FOX (47). He is holding a folder of papers.
5) 3) dialog: If the US government feels the same way then my plan is working. Fox holds out the folder. Specs accepts it.
5) 9) dialog: Is there one of us who got more in particular, or is it kind of an equal thing or...?
5) 64) dialog: Except for maybe...Hitler. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 24.
5) 66) dialog: I'd prefer ghost Hitler to the living version. It’s not always better.
5) 68) dialog: I’m just saying...technically... Specs places the photo down. Tucker moves to a door on th far side of the room. He fishes through the keys, trying several in the lock. One after the other. Then -- CLICK. Specs prods the door. It whines open and stabs a blade of light onto a short set of steps that descend into murk.
5) 70) dialog: Hunter ninja bear?
6) 3) dialog: Amateur framing...just horrible.
7) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are entranced by the footage. In it, the can now see CARL, who stoops in front of Young Josh, hold a WALKIE-TALKIE to his mouth. Young Josh twitches.
7) 4) dialog: Is that a person? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 27. Tucker crops the frame and moves in again, focusing in on figure hidden in the corner. Shrouded in shadow. This time, there is the definitive outline of a person. Tucker crops it again, enlarging the face of the figure. it renders, it’s still too dark to make out any real feat
7) 21) dialog: All we're doing right now is trying to find out who or what killed her. Lorraine takes a seat on the couch, overwhelmed.
7) 29) dialog: This is the actual footage taken that night. Lorraine leans in, scared to watch. In the footage, Young Josh turns and stares into the corner.
7) 31) dialog: He was looking at something in the far corner of the room. I cropped it and lightened the image. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 32. ON THE SCREEN - as Tucker lightens the freeze frame of th far corner. A FIGURE TAKES SHAPE. Tucker ZOOMS IN. Lorraine GASPS. It is JOSH in the present. Young Josh was speaking to his older self. Lorraine is weak at the knees. Specs holds up the PHOTO E took before she died - the digital photo of the OLD WOMAN
7) 34) dialog: We're saying that, according to Elise’s files, an entity haunted Josh as a child. An old woman. She wanted to lure Josh out into the Further so that she could take over his body. We believe that while Josh was hypnotized, searching for Dalton, she may have finally gotten what she wanted.
7) 38) dialog: There’s only one person who can tell us what to do now. (beat) Elise.
8) 9) dialog: Elise talked about you a lot. Said you were the second best person she ever worked with. Carl laughs.
8) 18) dialog: We have a lot of equipment that can assist you.
8) 21) dialog: I call this a Wiki-Board. It’s my own version of an Ouija board. We've had pretty amazing success with it in terms of contact.
8) 24) dialog: You speak into this. You then ask the entities to speak through the device. Their answers will appear on the display. I can show you some read outs of dialogues we’ve had in the past if you --
8) 26) dialog: There's plenty of time, but anyway.
8) 46) dialog: Listen! He lifts the headphones, hearing the receding wail of a tortured soul. It shrinks into nothingness. Gone.
10) 0) text: A normal, bustling hospital. Lorraine waits with Specs, C and Tucker at the reception station. A man in surgeon’s scrubs approaches. This is IAN NANKERV (52), a longtime resident of this hospital.
11) 0) text: This section of the hospital has been closed and emptied There are scattered pieces of equipment, but the halls ar eerily empty. Trash and dust everywhere, a place neglecte Lorraine, Specs, Carl and Tucker wander down the hall wit Hispanic SECURITY GUARD, JESUS (38).
17) 0) text: Lorraine shakes the memory off. Specs and Tucker wander i Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
17) 3) dialog: When was this?
17) 5) dialog: Do you remember anything about him?
20) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are utterly riveted by the story. Specs takes out a notepad and pen, scrawls on it.
20) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
21) 0) text: A cavern of paperwork. An abyss of administration. Ian leads Lorraine, Carl, Specs and Tucker down a narrow aisle between rows and rows of hospital records. He slides out a box of files. IN MONTAGE - we see Ian, flicking through various pages o yellowing files. He lands on one in particular - PHILIP CRAIN. Lorraine accepts it from him.
22) 0) text: Tucker squints at the grounds in front of them.
22) 1) dialog: Gate’s open. EXT. PHILIP’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Tucker nudges his van through the groaning gate, piloting down the driveway to a halt. The gang disembarks the van, glaring up at the house. No lights are on inside or out. Carl shivers, unable to take his eyes off one particular window in the top corner.
22) 6) dialog: Look they left a window open. INT. LIVING ROOM, PHILIP’S HOUSE - NIGHT Specs and Tucker assist Lorraine through the broken windo Carl snaps the light switch on and off. Nothing. Tucker clicks open a large equipment case, handing out flashlights to Specs and Carl. He takes out a strange dev affixing it to his face. It resembles a welding mask with three camera lenses jutting out of it, forming a triangle Carl, Lorraine and Tucker step forward. Specs stays where is. Lorraine turns around.
23) 0) text: Specs leads the others into a large bedroom with soaring ceilings and a large bed covered by a canopy. The four of them swat their flashlights onto it, reacting an intolerable stench. Tucker lifts his goggles. Carl parts the curtain covering the bed, revealing the skeletal corpse of an old woman, lying across the mattres eyes fixed and open.
23) 12) dialog: There's something here. Handprints. Tucker and Specs runs their fingers over the wall, findin nothing. Tucker pushes on the wall. A HIDDEN DOOR CLICKS OPEN. Tucker pushes the door open, a vault of air escaping it. pitch black room lies beyond it. Tucker aims his flashlight into it. Carl steps closer, th staggers back. PALPABLE TERROR blazes in his eyes.
23) 15) dialog: It’s okay. We'll go. (turning to Specs) After you. Specs steps inside. INT. DARK CHAMBER, PHILIP’S HOUSE —- CONTINUOUS A dank, stark cell. A wire-spring bed without a mattress in one corner, a tattered, soiled blanket thrown across i A tray of medical instruments is beside the bed. A rusted needle, a clamp, a scalpel and a STETHOSCOPE. Tucker squats, finding a large case in the corner. He ope it, finding a stack of NEWSPAPER ARTICLES. Headlines scre out from them: “M KILLER STILL AT LARGE”, “FOURTH YOUNG WOMAN TO GO MISS THIS MONTH”, “LETTER ‘M’ CONFIRMS MURDERS WORK OF ONE KILLER”, “LETTER M MURDERS REMAIN UNSOLVED”. All of the articles are related to one serial killer case The paper is yellowing, faded. The collection of a proud killer. In one of the articles, a crude police sketch of the susp It is PHILIP'S FACE. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 67.
23) 18) dialog: Until now. INT. LIVING ROOM, PHILIP’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Carl sifts through Tucker’s equipment case, hauling out h Wiki-Board. He turns it on, closing his eyes.
37) 7) dialog: What is?
37) 9) dialog: It’s not a black out.
37) 13) dialog: Ah, damn it! Specs ferries Tucker out of the hole. Tucker WHEELS around - coming face to face with Possessed Josh! Possessed Josh PROPELS a knife forward, embedding it in Tucker’s chest. The blade shears into his flesh and he cr out in PAIN, his body folding. Specs ATTACKS, swinging his flashlight, SMASHING IT down. It connects with Possessed Josh's face, CRACKING against jaw bone. Teeth go flying, clattering on the wooden floor Possessed Josh recovers, smiling. He wrenches Specs’ forw smashing his head down against a desk. He falls. Lorraine SCREAMS and takes off down the hall. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS She BOLTS up the corridor, dialing 911 as she runs. Frant Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 98. Possessed Josh dives for her, landing on her back and pin her. He crushes the phone against the wall. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Possessed Josh uses nylon rope to tie up Lorraine, coilin around her ankles and wrists. Hog-tied. She stirs, coming out of her daze.