0) 21) dialog: Hi.
0) 25) dialog: Yeah.
0) 27) dialog: A few. One kid lives next door.
0) 29) dialog: Nah. He’s pretty lame. OUT OF POV - The camera whirs as it chews up film. Carl operates the camera. Lorraine observes from the corner, clutching a cushion like a life-preserver.
0) 31) dialog: No.
0) 33) dialog: I get scared when it gets dark. I’m a wimp.
0) 40) dialog: Yes.
0) 42) dialog: Me, my mom, Elise, Carl...and the old woman. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Carl looks up from the camera, prickled by goosebumps.
0) 44) dialog: She talks to me at night.
0) 46) dialog: She wants me to go with her.
0) 48) dialog: Out into the dark, where she lives.
0) 50) dialog: I can’t tell you. She doesn’t like other people. Only me. Elise gets up, leaning in close to Carl and whispering. C opens his equipment box and wrests two walkie-talkies out it, handing one to Elise.
0) 52) dialog: Yes. Carl squats in front of Josh, holding the walkie up to hi mouth. Elise leaves the room, headed for the kitchen. INT. KITCHEN, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT A dark, spotless kitchen. Elise shuffles inside, gazing i the murk. The walkie squawks in her hand.
0) 53) dialog: (from walkie) Cold. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Elise re-enters, pacing the living room to the front door
0) 54) dialog: Colder... Elise wanders over to the stairwell.
0) 55) dialog: Warm... She takes a step, then another, marching up the stairs. INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elise gapes into the darkened hall that yawns in front of
0) 56) dialog: (from walkie) Warmer. She passes a door. She opens it - it is Lorraine’s bedroo INT. LORRAINE’S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elise leaves the light off, stalking through the dark.
0) 57) dialog: (from walkie) Cold. INT. CORRIDOR, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Elise steps back into the corridor. At the end of the hal a door decorated with colorful stickers. The door is ajar light is on inside. Elise is drawn to the door, hesitatin front of it.
0) 58) dialog: (from walkie) Very warm. Elise prods the door. It keens as it opens. The cluttered room of a pre-teen boy greets her. INT. YOUNG JOSH'S BEDROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elise troops inside. She scans the room. It is devoid of life. A bedside lamp provides the only light. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Elise floats to the window, peering through. She stoops and lifts the bed sheets...unveiling the mess under the b
0) 59) dialog: (from walkie) Cold. The closet door behind her CREAKS as it moves outwards slightly. Elise turns to face the closet. Steps towards i
0) 60) dialog: (from walkie) Hot... Elise treads closer.
0) 61) dialog: (from walkie) Hotter... She draws the closet doors open. A row of baseball jersey dangle on coat-hangers inside it. YOUNG JOSH (V.O.) (CONT’D) (from walkie) Very hot. Elise cleaves the row of clothes in half. She gropes outwards, reaching into the pitch dark space beyond the coat hangers. Slowly. INT. LIVING ROOM, LORRAINE’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Josh JOLTS, still in a trance. He turns, eyes still closed, facing into the far corner o the room, into the shadowy corners where the drapes are.
0) 62) dialog: This door stays locked until I come out of my shell. CLICK. The camera rolls out of film. A garbled, whispered voice spits out of the walkie. Carl holds it to his ear, listening. It’s Elise. Her whisperin barely audible, distant. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 0) text: Specs kills the lights and the projector lamp spits to li a shaft of light washing the opposite wall in white grain The film leader jerks and stutters before cutting to a di aging locked-off frame of YOUNG JOSH. He is slouched on a couch in a living room. The sound crackles and spits.
6) 2) dialog: Yeah.
6) 6) dialog: A few. One kid lives next door.
6) 8) dialog: Nah. He’s pretty lame.
6) 10) dialog: No.
7) 0) text: Specs and Tucker are entranced by the footage. In it, the can now see CARL, who stoops in front of Young Josh, hold a WALKIE-TALKIE to his mouth. Young Josh twitches.
7) 1) dialog: Hot...hotter His body starts to tremble. He JOLTS, then turns to face the murky corner of the room where the drapes are. Eyes still closed.
7) 2) dialog: This door stays locked until I come out of my shell. The frame widens to reveal the whole room. It flutters WH then the leader runs out.
7) 30) dialog: (on laptop screen) This door stays locked until I come out of my shell. Tucker hits pause and the image freezes.
13) 0) text: It is 1983. The east wing of the hospital has returned to bustling heyday. Lorraine hikes down the corridor in a nu outfit. Young Josh is at her side. Lorraine shoulders into one room.
16) 2) dialog: This lady looks weird. IN THE SAME SHOT, he turns back to the sleeping patient - -- suddenly FACE TO FACE with Philip! He is sitting up in bed, scowling at Josh, inches from hi face! Josh SCREAMS.
27) 3) dialog: This door stays locked until I come out of my shell. And with that, Young Josh disappears, leaving the room em Josh whispers the words to himself.
28) 0) text: We are in an earlier scene. Young Josh is perched next to Philip’s hospital bed. As before, we see Josh turn to face Philip - greeted by h sitting up in bed. Philip screams and locks his fingers around Josh's neck.