6) 12) dialog: Hi. My name is Jim Harrison. Tf heard there was another American staying here and I wondered det could Suy you dinner, I'm from New York. cHUCK Me toc. (they shake hands) Great meeting you. I'm starved.
7) 0) text: sit on the floor, eating off a low table with their hands. Their faces are covered with grease. Chuck eats ravenously,. Ji4 Gee, you're the first guy in show business I've met here. (he wipes his hands and takes out & notebook and pen) Do you mind? It's for my kid. Just make it ‘To Jim*.
7) 2) dialog: Keep it. You can buy me a drink when I get to Morocco.
9) 1) text: Jim Harrison gic tea.
9) 4) dialog: 
9) 21) dialog: We had to. We had to be sure you didn't know what was involved when you helped Shirra Assel get out of Ishtar.
9) 24) dialog: {staring at him) OQuadaffi is a person. He rules Libya.
9) 26) dialog: (after a moment) Yes. Every Intelligence Agency with ties in the Middle East is looking for that map. And we have reason to believe that Shirra Assel has it. We have to find her quickly, Chuck--before they do.
9) 31) dialog: 3 knew you doen't, Chuck. Bust we're sretcy sura Lyle does,
9) 54) dialog: {writing ic dew Wnas Go you know about him? dont:
10) 91) dialog: -..dDirds are being netted, unknown...
10) 94) text: other agence sci w oy tense as Jim Harrison's hunters
10) 161) dialog: Three hours aco vour men to Kill two Americans in
10) 172) dialog: Your Excellency...
10) 338) dialog: Realiv? Weil, we'll have co lock into that. @Qus the main thing is no ges vou town before woe Fe recognized, is you Know any acest ine desert ” a oo us
11) 0) text: Two Agents sit in front of it watching the now stationary blip. Jim Harrison enters.
12) 0) text: The room is packed. Marty sits at a table, leoking vaguely surprised. The Caid of Assari sits at a table. with his entourage. There are several other tourists. | The rest of the audience consiats of men in grey suits and short haircuts and U.S. soldiers and Marines. Two ARMY SOUND MEN wearing earphones are busily tucking cables into corners, There are microphones all over the stage and a boom mike in the center. A POUR STAR GENERAL sits in the back with Jim 173 Harrison watching as a Waiter leads Shirra Assel and Abdel through the room.
12) 2) dialog: (his eyes ere very bright) Ne. She was, but there was a split.
12) 4) dialog: No one. The guerrillas don't count without the map. The Shiites don't like them any more than they like us, but they thought they had the map that the two messengers of God would follow to the maqam al-ghayba...
12) 15) dialog: {whispering) No, They've put the map where no one ean find it and if anything happens to them it will be sent to the KGB. But if Yousef agrees to Shirra Assel's reforms and we back their albums, they've agreed not to sell “: it to anyone else. m.Cc. And now=-by popular demand-~ The Messengers! He brings his hand down smartly and Chuck and Lyle 174 run out wearing messenger caps. The audience bursts inte wild, raucous applause. The soldiers and marines cheer. The C.I.A. men whistle, The tourists, caught up in the response, applaud and pound on the tables. Marty looks around, blinking.