1) 201) text: about food and get a good night's sleep. We have ta gat up early to interview Lady Holiday.
2) 0) text: In the beautifully appointed, luxurious office of LADY HOLIDAY, the stylish matron is at her desk talking into one of a bank of telephones while three exquisitely dressed and coiffed models, CARLA, MARLA AND DARLA wait patiently in exaggerated model poses.
2) 1) dialog: ({nto phone) No,-darling.::: you must call thi United States and tell Vogue they can't have the pictures of th: spring line until after the show... I'm not too h With some of the designs....I still have to make sone change: tee She eyes models.
2) 5) text: Well, I'm looking at three of the gowns now and I can see horrendous mistakes...of course Paris should be notified......0h, thank you darling...-yes I'm fine...I had quite a scere...I wasn't hurt... of course, the diamonds were valuable. All my diamonds are valuable. . . She hangs up the phone then rises and walks around the models, studying them. To the untrained eye thay look like a million bucks, but to Lady Holiday they look conziderably less expensive.
2) 11) dialog: Carla...the neckline on that gown is toe high, don't you think?
2) 13) dialog: Do you like looking like a ostrich?
2) 15) dialog: Then we must change it, my dear. Take it in to Kenneth.
2) 17) dialog: And you, Marla...way too much padding in the shoulders and the hips...I don't ‘think we should strive for the sway- backed mule look, do you? And Darla, that outfit's the pits. Loose where it should be tight, tight where it | should be loose. Like folds on a _ turkey neck. I must be getting senile. “Why would I design such atrocious looking clothing?
2) 19) text: She dismisses them with a wave of her hand. Marla and Darla EXIT as Lady Holiday pushes the button of the intercom on her desk.
2) 22) dialog: Wa need to make drastic changes in the new line before the show tomorrow. All my girls are walking . . around looking like barnyard aninzals. INT. LADY HOLIDAY'S OFFICE - DAY 19. Trere is a short KNOCK on the doorframe and MISS PIGGY appears, carrying a portfolio.
2) 29) dialog: (shocked) Good heavens... who are you?
2) 33) dialog: Absolutely not.
2) 35) dialog: Bo. Miss Piggy has opened her book and turns the pages. On each page 1s a glamour shot in the same clothes and in the same pose.
2) 37) dialog: (sarcastically) Taterasting range of emotions.
2) 43) dialog: I can offer you a job as a receptionist.
2) 46) dialog: Sit? Miss Piggy immediately sits and takes out a steno pad. Mass PIGcy IT can sit. I'm good at sitting. Sitting 1s one of my best things.
2) 47) dialog: Just settle down.,.please.
2) 49) dialog: Are you quite under control?
2) 55) dialog: (continued) his parents abondoned him and left him in my care, and sure he takes advantage of me and uses my charge accounts, eats my food, and borrows my cats with- out asking permission. Maybe he's even @ little greasy and unsavory and certainly he's not to be trusted. I wouldn't even put‘it past him to try to steal my most valuable and largest jewel... the fabulous Baseball Diamond. And I don't know why he always wears those goa- awful red and white striped socks. Still in all, he has good teeth and ne keeps his room neat and in this day and age that's not to be sneezed at.
2) 57) dialog: It's plot exposition. It has to go somewhere. Miss Piggy NODS.
2) 58) dialog: (continued) Anyway, I want you to answar the Phone while I'm gone and straighten the office.
2) 60) dialog: -I like your feistiness, young lady. Iwas feisty, too, when I was younger.
2) 62) dialog: (smd Lea) Carry on, I'll be back in an hour.
4) 41) text: py 33. ConrrNueD: 2. ro. : POzziE oh, sorry. 3 § , Don't tell anybody about Kermit's date with Lady Holiday. ‘ Pors i “3 Qoudly) | : Kermit's got a date with Lady Holiday?
4) 46) text: Kermit and Lady Holiday? Alreet! - | . Honeydew and Beaker appear.
4) 62) text: The NEWSMAN pops “p .ftom behind Pop's front desk, microphone in hand, | ‘ NEWSMAN : ' . In the Muppat news tonight, this just in. Kermit to date | : Lady Holiday. Details at eleven. cUT TO: 3. INT. HAPPINESS HOTEL. KERMIT‘'S ROOM - NIGHT 34. Kermit is getting ready for his date. His face is lathered and he is shaving. Forzie watches him long- ingly in the mirror. Gonzo is on the window ledge taking pictures for a story on vertigo.
7) 31) dialog: Thank you, Stanley.
7) 33) dialog: It is rather breath-taking, isn't it? I feel a little skittish wearing it but my nephew, Nicky, insisted... to Nicky) Give Stanley a tip, will you?
7) 44) dialog: — .Then give him something bigger.
8) 30) dialog: I'd be happier with this necklace locked in a safe. I feel as if thieves are breathing down my neck.
8) 33) dialog: Nevertheless, I want my jewels put in the safe immediately.
8) 36) dialog: Don't forget to tip him. cky nods, rises and walks toward the front of the club, looks back to make sure his aunt isn't watching, then takes a quick left, crosses to the rear door, opens it, tapes the lock shut, Watergate fashion, - looks around and heads back to the table.
10) 14) text: Lady Holiday je's watching the dance floor. LADY ‘HOLIDAY
10) 17) dialog: (points to dance floar) I think that's my as secretary out there dancing. Oh, yeah? The pig.
10) 19) dialog: Through a maze of people, Nicky finally catches a glance of Miss Piggy and it's as if he's been struck by lightning, the fect 1s that electric. Never in his life has Nicky been this enthralled. "She .... shots Forty-five words a minute. avera
10) 23) dialog: About
11) 0) text: Lady Holiday watches her n
11) 9) text: 73 CONTINUED: 61. Suddenly, a scream pierces the air. . “LADY HOLIDAY (0.8.) Aleeceee!! 7 waecnan; ‘flashlights, flashbulbse and other sources of illumination pop like strobe lights and the audience can almost see a robbery taking place, as Bicky deftly un- snaps Lady Holiday's necklace and drops it into the velvet bag held by Cari. effectively clear an a: flee in the darknes: restored. Nicky remain: hurries over to the table.
11) 17) dialog: Of ‘course I screamed. stole my necklace! (to Nicky) T told you- this would happen. That necklace was worth a fortune.
14) 33) text: c c MUSIC ODT: 67. Int. BACKSTAGE - DAY 68. It's a busy place. Models in casual sun wear prepare to go onstage as dressers run around, and make-up people and hair stylists tend to last-minute cosmetic chores. Lady Holiday enters from onstage. Amid this chaos Nicky stands in front of a mirror sSlicking down his already slicked hair.
14) 34) dialog: - (to everyone in the room) Okay.. we're all set. Everybody pay attention. Keep it moving. Don't -linger too long. We just want to give them a hint... taste... a soupgon. appetizers, not full course me «. Okay, ladies? {looking around, scrutinizing) IT don't think you ought to chew gum, Marie. Stephanie, your false eyelashes are coming unglued... the shoes are scuffed....and York Yankees T-shirt.
14) 40) dialog: Sorry. Miss Piggy EXITS fast.
14) 42) dialog: I certainly wouldn't get in her way. (she glances at her : watch, then to Nicky) It's time. You'd better get out there.
14) 50) dialog: Fine. Except your hair dye is running. . She EXIts. Nicky checks the mirror for drippage as Miss Piggy comes bursting through the room again, her arms laden with elothes. She almost collides with Nicky. { MISS PIGGY h mot recognizing him) Move it, buster.. we're workin' “here. (then realizing) Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Holiday.
14) 90) dialog: Thank you, Nicky.... my nephew, Nicky, iadies and gentlemen. (applause stops instantly) and now without further ado... Carla enters from behind a curtain to lusty applause from the crowd including Statler and Waldorf.
14) 93) dialog: Meet capricious Carla, wearing 'the classic white silk crepe de chine blouse updated with a sheer knife- pleated black and silver lame bodice, claverly accented with a flocked tangier silk waistlet and lavish tromp l'oeil trim at the hemline. Fantastique! and thank you, Carla.
14) 105) text: Probably saving it for the finale. Lady Holiday continues as DARLA ENTERS.
14) 106) dialog: And here's delicious Darla... cUT TO: INT. BACKSTAGE - DAY . 70. Nicky watches from the wings as Lady Holiday continues to describe Darla's outfit and the Seautifully dressed Marla stands nearby ready to make her entrance. M. Piggy is between them, throwing clothes into a hamper. Nicky catches Marla's eye and gives her a “thumbs-up” Signal. Marla noda and falls to the ground.
14) 122) dialog: If Szechuan silk and brocaded satin tickles your fancy, we've really brought home the bacon with this little number. The curtains part, and a hundrad violins play as the most beautiful pig in the world stands in the spotlight. The audience gasps. Lady H6liday TURNS to see what they are gasping at.
14) 124) dialog: . (aghast) T may faint. . But there is no need for her to be upset. Miss Piggy is to the manor horn and more than able to cope with Stardom. In a series of DISSOLVES, Miss Piggy parades up and down the runway along with a bevy of other modsis in various glamorous outfits from the Holiday Collection. With each new ensemble, Miss Piggy and
14) 214) dialog: That's my necklace!! Miss Piggy stole my necklace. SECURITY GUARDS are on Miss Piggy as quick as a wink. WHISTLES are BLOWN, POLICE appear and Miss Piggy is clapped in handcuffs.
14) 228) dialog: Te juat go to show you, you can't trust anyone.
14) 231) dialog: Well, I'd be an idict to keep then lying around the house, wouldn't 1?
14) 233) dialog: The Baseball Diamond goes on Permanent at
26) 58) dialog: { I was just jogging past and I noticed . a@ light. What's going on here? GoNzo The big climactic scene.
26) 59) dialog: Why wasn't I notified? GoNzO We called, but you were out jogging. POZZIE . ~ We just foiled a jewel heist.
26) 61) dialog: Nicky?! How could you?
26) 63) dialog: But you keep your room so clean. Nicky SHRUGS and is led away. The Baseball Diamond is safely under lock and key. The Muppets congratulate themselves on a: job well done. . .
26) 75) dialog: What color is the carpet now? On Kermit'’s look of anguish, 7 DISSOLVE To: INT. FIRST-CLASS SECTION & HOLD OF AIRCRAFT - Day 123.
26) 76) text: The headline in the Daily Chronicle reads "Twins and Pig Foil Heist” and a sub~headline "Thieves caught red-handed”. Tha picture below the headline shows Kermit, Fozzie , and Piggy being congratulated by Lady Holiday. Miss Piggy is the only one looking directly into the camera. PULL BACK to REVEAL Statler and Waldorf reading the paper in the first class section of an airplane.