2) 0) text: In the beautifully appointed, luxurious office of LADY HOLIDAY, the stylish matron is at her desk talking into one of a bank of telephones while three exquisitely dressed and coiffed models, CARLA, MARLA AND DARLA wait patiently in exaggerated model poses.
2) 19) text: She dismisses them with a wave of her hand. Marla and Darla EXIT as Lady Holiday pushes the button of the intercom on her desk.
3) 7) dialog: Where are we going to eat?
3) 10) dialog: Wall, I'm starved. I‘m going to have lunch at the House of Lattuce.
3) 12) dialog: Suppose I just order one leaf.
3) 14) dialog: (pondering this) Maybe you're right. ‘No lunch. The élevator doors open and Kermit, Fozzie end Gonzo gat out, and the models get in.
8) 39) text: i t 5S. 56. EXT. ALLEY BEHIND DUBONNET CLUB - NIGHT 55. A sleek convertible sports car with three sleek female models dressed entirely in black, purrs slowly around the corner toward the rear entrance of the club and stops in an alleyway. Without a sound, Carla, Marla and Darla climb out of the car and approach 4 door marked “Dubonnet Club, Rear Entrance". One of the girls carries a emall velvet-lined bag.
11) 2) text: he nee Nicky's falling in love {s not a part of the plan. . Finally, Hiss Piggy is whisked away by another aan, and Micky heads back for the table as the music again ohanges teapo and builds to a finish, possibly eith some high-kicking ala the Rockettes. The entire nightclub audience, including Kermit and Forzie, sways back and forth to the beat. Nicky sits back down, just the number ends, and gives Mar. signal. Marla throws light switch, Plunging the nightclub into total darkness. Confusion reigns, the band stops playing and patrons grumble.
14) 68) dialog: {to Nicky) I don't know why you love har like you do.
14) 78) dialog: And that thing keeps taking Pictures.
14) 108) dialog: 7 {in fake pain} Oh..my knee! I've twistad it! Miss Piggy rushes to Marla's aid and cradles the fallen model's head in her arns
14) 111) dialog: lover-acting) IT can't. I think I’ve broken something. Oh, the pain... the pain!!
14) 118) dialog: Sorry. . {then, with less intensity) Och ooh.
17) 53) dialog: Check.
17) 59) dialog: Check.
17) 103) dialog: Check.