8) 0) text: Iago and Roderigo approach BRABANTIO'S HOUSE.
9) 0) text: An OLD MAN (BRABANTIO) lies asleep in his bed. He mumbles
10) 0) text: Roderigo and Iago shouting "Awake", "Brabantio", "Magnifi
10) 1) dialog: (peering into the darkness) What is the reason of this terrible summons? What is the Iago urges Roderigo to speak.
10) 3) dialog: I know thee, Roderigo, And have charged thee not to haunt about my doors; In honest plainness thou hast heard me say My daughter is not for thee. 
10) 5) dialog: Why, wherefore ask you this?
10) 7) dialog: What, have you lost your wits? 
10) 9) dialog: What profane wretch art thou? 
10) 11) dialog: Thou art a villain. 
10) 13) dialog: This thou shalt answer, Roderigo... 
10) 15) dialog: Strike on the tinder, ho! Give me a taper; call up all my people!  Brabantio mutters to himself, struggling for breath:
10) 16) dialog: This accident is not unlike my dream: Belief of it oppresses me already. (yelling) Light, I say, light!  Brabantio goes back into his room. Sounds of commotion. Iago congratulates Roderigo with a firm shake of the hand Roderigo gives him a purse.
10) 18) dialog: It is too true an evil. Gone she is. Do you know where we may Apprehend her and the Moor? 
10) 20) dialog: O, that you had had her. (shouting to his Servants) Get weapons, Ho! 
12) 0) text: Othello and his Men appear from one side. Brabantio's fro Brabantio draws his sword. The sound of swords whipped fr Roderigo is terrified to find himself in the middle of th
12) 3) dialog: O thou foul thief Where hast thou stowed my daughter? Damned as thou art, thou hast enchanted her, T'run from her guardage to the sooty bosom Of such a thing as thou? Lay hold upon him.  Brabantio's Men make for Othello. Othello's Men prepare t
12) 5) dialog: To Prison, til fit time Of law and course of direct session call thee to answer.
12) 8) dialog: How? The Duke in council? In this time of night? Bring hi Brabantio sets off. Othello rebuffs the arms that try to
13) 0) text: The door opens and Othello enters, Brabantio, Iago, Roder
13) 3) dialog: So did I yours. Good your grace, pardon me: Neither my place, nor aught I heard of business, Hath raised me from my bed...
13) 5) dialog: My daughter! O, my daughter!
13) 7) dialog: Ay, to me. She is abused, stolen from me, and corrupted. For nature so preposterously to err, Sans witchcraft could not.
13) 9) dialog: Humbly I thank your grace. Here is the man. He indicates Othello. An embarrassed silence.
13) 12) dialog: Nothing but this is so.
13) 17) dialog: A maiden never bold;  of spirit so still and quiet that her motion  Blushed at herself - and she in spite of nature  To fall in love with what she feared to look on!
14) 0) text: Brabantio and Othello walk together in a bright, sunlit g Brabantio listens intently as Othello tells his story.
16) 0) text: Brabantio, seething with anger, turns to the Duke. The Du
28) 1) dialog: Come hither, gentle mistress; Do you perceive in all this company Where most you owe obedience?
28) 3) dialog: God bu'y! I have done.  I had rather to adopt a child than get it.  Come hither, Moor: I here do give thee that with all my heart  Which, but thou hast already, with all my heart  I would keep from thee. Brabantio takes his daughter's hand and places it in Othe As Brabantio turns away, his face contorts again and he c
28) 4) dialog: I humbly beseech you proceed to th'affairs of state. The Duke waits until Brabantio is safely seated.
28) 8) dialog: I'll not have it so.
28) 18) dialog: Look to her, Moor, if thou hast eyes to see. She has deceived her father and may thee.
29) 0) text: Brabantio lies in bed, his face contorted in pain. HIS BR Brabantio turns his stare on her and tries to speak. She
29) 1) dialog: O, treason of the blood. Tearful and angry, Desdemona unhooks his fingers from her
29) 2) dialog: O who would be a father. His features relax. He is dead.
76) 1) dialog: Look to her Moor, if thou hast eyes to see; She has deceived her father and may thee. 