6) 0) text: A richly DRESSED GENTLEMAN (RODERIGO) and a SOLDIER (IAGO
6) 2) dialog: By the faith of man, 1 know my price, I am worth no worse a place;  But he, that never set a squadron in the field, Nor the division of a battle knows, More than a spinster, must his Lieutenant be,  And I, of whom his eyes had seen the proof - God bless the mark - his moorship's Ancient. Cassio cannot contain his smile. They clasp hands. Othell Othello and Desdemona are now alone. They move towards ea Roderigo turns away in disgust. He pulls Iago beneath the
6) 4) dialog: Why, there's no remedy. 'Tis the curse of service:
6) 6) dialog: O, Sir, content you: I follow him to serve my turn upon him. We cannot all be masters, nor all masters Cannot be truly followed. You shall mark Heaven is my judge, not I for love and duty, But seeming so for my peculiar end: I am not what I am.
6) 8) dialog: Call up her father. Roderigo considers, then sets off. Iago turns and looks d
8) 0) text: Iago and Roderigo approach BRABANTIO'S HOUSE.
9) 2) dialog: Awake! What, ho, Brabantio! Thieves, thieves! Look to your house, your daughter!  Brabantio sits bolt upright, as if waking from a nightmar
9) 3) dialog: ... and your bags! Thieves, thieves!
10) 0) text: Roderigo and Iago shouting "Awake", "Brabantio", "Magnifi
10) 4) dialog: Are your doors locked? 
10) 6) dialog: Zounds, sir, you're robbed; for shame, put on your gown; Your heart is burst, you have lost half your soul. 
10) 8) dialog: Even now, now, very now, an old black ram Is tupping your white ewe. Arise I say! 
10) 10) dialog: I am one, sire that comes to tell you, your daughter and
10) 12) dialog: You are a senator. 
10) 17) dialog: Farewell, for I must leave you.  Roderigo tries to grab him, but Iago eludes him and goes. Brabantio comes out of his front door into the street. A BAND OF MEN carrying torches gather at his side.
11) 0) text: Cassio, his two Attendants and Iago stand motionless in t Othello steps out of the chapel to join them. He scoops u
11) 1) dialog: I pray you, sir, are you fast married? 
12) 1) dialog: You, Roderigo? Come, air, I am for you. He draws the confused Roderigo to one side.
13) 0) text: The door opens and Othello enters, Brabantio, Iago, Roder
27) 0) text: Desdemona stops outside the door. Iago stands behind her. Iago steps in and assists. He smiles calmly at her. She s
28) 22) dialog: What say'st thou, noble heart?
28) 24) dialog: Why, go to bed and sleep.
28) 26) dialog: If thou dost I shall never love thee after. Why thou silly gentleman!
28) 28) dialog: O villainous! Iago sits in the Duke's chair and pours himself a drink.
28) 29) dialog: I have looked upon the world. For four times seven years,
28) 31) dialog: Virtue? A fig! 'Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus
28) 33) dialog: It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the He gets a smile out of Roderigo.
28) 34) dialog: I have professed me thy friend and I confess me knit to t Roderigo looks skeptical.
28) 35) dialog: I say, put money in thy purse. It cannot be that Desdemon He encourages Roderigo to join in...
28) 36) dialog: ... money in thy purse. They laugh.
28) 37) dialog: A pox on drowning, tis clean out of the way. Seek thou ra
28) 39) dialog: Thou art sure of me. There are many events in the womb of Roderigo sets off contentedly. A thought occurs and he re
28) 41) dialog: At my lodging.
28) 43) dialog: Go to; farewell. (calling him back) Do you hear, Roderigo?
28) 45) dialog: No more of drowning, do you hear?
28) 47) dialog: Go to: Farewell.  (calling out again) Put money enough in your purse.
28) 49) dialog: Thus do I ever make my fool my purse: For I mine own gain He studies the Duke's chessboard.
28) 50) dialog: Cassio's a proper man: Let me see now; To got his place and to plume up my will In double knavery. How? He looks into the Camera as if it had made a suggestion:
28) 51) dialog: How? He turns back to the chessboard.
28) 52) dialog: Let's see. Iago's face is impassive, though his features seem to dan
30) 0) text: CLOSEUP on empty chessboard. Iago's hand puts the black k
30) 1) dialog: I have't. It is engendered. His stares into the fire. The fire is reflected in his ey
30) 2) dialog: Hell and night. Must bring this monstrous birth to th' wo He pockets the three pieces. He toasts the Camera, emptie He picks up one end of the map and , with a flick of the
36) 1) dialog: (to Camera) He takes her by the palm; Ay, smile upon her do.  The castle appears ahead of them. SOLDIERS peer down from
37) 4) dialog: Sir, would she give you so much of her lips As of her tongue she oft bestows on me, You'd have enough.  He gets a laugh from the assembled Soldiers. 
37) 6) dialog: In faith, too much. I find it still when I have list to sleep.  More laughter. 
37) 8) dialog: No, let me not.  Desdemona looks troubled. Cassio comforts her.  Iago takes out a knife and cuts a piece of fruit. He glim
37) 9) dialog: Very good. Ay, well said, whisper. With as little a web a Roderigo taps him on the shoulder and is about to speak -
38) 5) dialog: O, you are well tuned now! But I'll set down the pegs that make this music, As honest as I am. 
42) 2) dialog: Rubbing gum resin into black breeches.  Gold dust sprinkled over Desdemona's hair  Gold dust sprinkled over Othello'S breeches  Cassio arrives and extends an arm towards her. 
43) 0) text: Othello and guests sit in silence. They include Iago, Emi Desdemona appears, escorted by Cassio. A musical sextet p Othello leaps onto the table and performs a Moorish dance
46) 0) text: A DRUNKEN SOLDIER pulls a striking WOMAN (BIANCA) out of The Cypriot pushes him down. A number of SOLDIERS leap to Iago, now in military uniform, steps in with bottles of w
46) 1) dialog: Heaven bless this isle and the  perdition of the Turkish fleet. 
48) 1) dialog: If thou be'st valiant - as they say base men being in lov Roderigo senses this may be an insult, but is too inebria
48) 2) dialog: - list me. The Lieutenant tonight watches on the court of
48) 4) dialog: Lay thy finger thus and let thy soul be instructed. Mark
48) 6) dialog: Blessed fig's end! The wine she drinks is made of grapes.
48) 8) dialog: Lechery, by this hand:  Much to Roderigo's distaste the Lovers above are growing
48) 9) dialog: An index and obscure prologue to the history of lust and Roderigo recoils in revulsion. Iago protects Roderigo fro
48) 10) dialog: But, sir, be you ruled by me. I have brought you from Ven
49) 0) text: Roderigo rolls out from under the cart and dusts himself Iago, still beneath the cart, takes out his chess pieces
49) 1) dialog: (to Camera) That Cassio loves her, I do well believe't: That she loves him, 'tis apt and of great credit. The Moor - howbeit that I endure him not - Is of a constant, loving, noble nature, And I dare think, he'll prove to Desdemona  A most dear husband. Now, I do love her too; Not out of absolute lust - though peradventure I stand accountant for as great sin - But partly led to diet my revenge, For that I do suspect the lusty Moor Hath leaped into my seat, the thought whereof He is instantly seething with anger and jealously.
49) 2) dialog: Doth, like a poisonous mineral, gnaw my inwards,  And nothing can, or shall, content my soul  Til I am evened with him, wife for wife; or He drops the passion like an unwanted toy. 
49) 3) dialog: ... failing so, yet that I put the Moor  At least into a jealousy so strong That judgment cannot cure. Which thing to do, I'll have our Michael Cassio on the hip, Abuse him to the Moor in the rank  A short reprise of the passion: 
49) 4) dialog: For I fear Cassio with my night-cap too Make the Moor thank me, love me, and reward me For making him egregiously an ass, And practicing upon his peace and quiet, Even to madness.  He gathers the chess pieces. He looks at the knight's poi Pocketing the king and queen, he leaves the knight under
49) 5) dialog: 'Tis here, but yet confused: Knavery's plain face is never seen 'till used.  With the Lovers oblivious, the cart rolls out of sight, l
51) 2) dialog: Not this hour, Lieutenant; 'tis not yet ten o'th'clock. O
51) 3) dialog: He hath not yet made wanton the night with her; and she i Cassio She is a most exquisite lady. 
51) 4) dialog: And, I'll warrant her, full of game. 
51) 6) dialog: Well, happiness to their sheets! Come, Lieutenant, I have
51) 8) dialog: O, they are our friends! But one cup; I'll drink for you.
51) 10) dialog: What, man! a night of revels; the gallants desire it.  Cassio considers. Iago smiles, infectiously. 
51) 12) dialog: (to Camera) If I can fasten but one cup upon him.... 
53) 1) dialog: (singing) And let me the canakin clink, clink; And let me the canakin clink; A soldier's a man O, man's life's but a span; Why, then, let a soldier drink.  (pause) Some wine, boys.  He pours more wine. They repeat the verse with the Veneti
53) 3) dialog: I learned it in England, where indeed they are most poten
53) 5) dialog: Why, he drinks you with facility your Dane dead drunk; he
53) 8) dialog: Drink ho!  They race each other to empty their tankards, accompanied
53) 9) dialog: O, sweet England. They congratulate each other. Bianca walks past. 
56) 1) dialog: (singing) 'Tin pride that pulls the country down; Then take thine auld cloak about thee.  It finishes on a haunting, melancholy note and Iago leave
56) 7) dialog: You see this fellow that is gone before. He is a soldier fit to stand by Caesar And give direction; and do but see his vice.  Iago indicates the empty bottles at their feet. 
56) 9) dialog: 'Tis evermore the prologue to his sleep.  Roderigo returns at a run, hotly pursued by Cassio.
56) 16) dialog: Nay, good Lieutenant. God's will, gentlemen!  Cassio strikes at Montano. As the fight begins, Iago pick
56) 17) dialog: Away, I say; go and cry out a mutiny.  Roderigo runs out. We hear cries of "MUTINY!" Roderigo rings the Courtyard Bell. The Alarm is taken up Although there are now three men against him, Cassio's wi
56) 18) dialog: Help, ho! Lieutenant! Sir! Montana! Sir! 
60) 1) dialog: God's will, Lieutenant, hold!  Cassio is shocked at his action, Montano grabs him round
60) 3) dialog: Hold! The General speaks to you: Hold, for shame! 
60) 13) dialog: Touch me not so near. I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth  Than it should do offence to Michael Cassio.  All eyes turn to Cassio. 
60) 14) dialog: Yet, I persuade myself to speak the truth Shall nothing wrong him. This it is , General.  He steps forward and stands to attention. 
60) 15) dialog: Montano and myself being in speech, There comes a fellow, crying out for help... And Cassio following him with determined sword To execute upon him. Sir, this gentleman Steps in to Cassio, and entreats his pause. Myself the crying fellow did pursue,  Lest by his clamour, as it so fell out, The town might fall in fright. He, swift of foot, Outran my purpose, and I returned, the rather For that I heard the clink and fall of swords And Cassio high in oath, which till tonight I ne'er might say before. when I came back - For this was brief - I found them close together At blow and thrust, even as again they were When you yourself did part them. More of this matter can I not report.  Iago drops his military tone for a confidential one. 
60) 16) dialog: But men are men; the best sometimes forget. Though Cassio did some little wrong to him... As men in rage strike those that wish them best, Yet surely Cassio...
61) 1) dialog: What, are you hurt... Lieutenant? 
61) 3) dialog: Marry, God forbid! 
61) 5) dialog: As I am an honest man I thought you had received some bod He kneels to comfort Cassio. 
61) 6) dialog: What, man! There are ways to recover the General again. Y
61) 8) dialog: What was he that you followed with your sword?  What had he done to you? 
61) 10) dialog: Is't possible? 
61) 12) dialog: Come, come; good Wine is a good familiar creature if it b He cannot resist a quick grin to the Camera. 
61) 13) dialog: Exclaim more against it. And good Lieutenant, I think you think I love you. 
61) 15) dialog: You or any man living may be drunk at a time, man. I'll t
61) 17) dialog: I protest in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.  He offers his hand. 
61) 19) dialog: (whispers) And what's he then that says I play the villain? 
61) 22) dialog: You are in the right. Good night, Lieutenant, I must to t
61) 24) dialog: (to Camera) How am I then a villain When this advice is free I give and honest,  Probal to thinking, and indeed the course to win the Moor His soul is so enfettered to Desdemona's love, That she may make, unmake, do what she list, Even as her appetite shall play the god With his weak function. How am I then a villain To counsel Cassio to this parallel course Directly to his good? Divinity of hell!  He is drawn to the fire again. 
61) 25) dialog: When devils will the blackest sins put on, They do suggest at first with heavenly shows As I do now. For whiles this honest fool Plies Desdemona to repair his fortunes And she for him pleads strongly to the Moor, I'll pour this pestilence into his ear: That she repeals him for her body's lust.  He puts his hand on a charred log. It sizzles slightly. 
61) 26) dialog: And by how much she strives to do him good, She shall undo her credit with the Moor. So will I turn her virtue into pitch,  He draws his fingers down his face, smearing it black. 
61) 27) dialog: And out of her own goodness make the net That shall enmesh them all.  He embraces himself. His eyes closed in ecstasy. Fade to The sound of panting. The image returns as before as Iago
61) 28) dialog: How now, Roderigo?  He turns to see Roderigo, battered and disheveled. 
61) 30) dialog: (calling out) How poor are they that have not patience  Roderigo stops, but doesn't turn back. 
61) 31) dialog: What wound did ever heal but by degrees?  Thou know'st we work by wit, and not by witchcraft, And wit depends on dilatory time. Does't not go well?  A faint gasp from Roderigo, who is on the verge of tears.
61) 32) dialog: Cassio hath beaten thee, And thou by that small hurt hath cashiered Cassio.  Roderigo turns slowly back. A grin breaks out on his face
61) 33) dialog: Content thyself awhile.  He puts his arm round Roderigo. Birds sing. 
61) 34) dialog: By th' mass, 'tis morning: Pleasure and action make the hours seem short. Retire thee awhile.  Roderigo is sleepy and comfortable with his head resting
61) 35) dialog: Away, I say...  Roderigo starts to speak. 
61) 38) dialog: Two things are to be done. 
62) 1) dialog: (to Camera) My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress: I'll set he
63) 0) text: Along upper colonnade moving along to stairway area. Iago straps on his sword as Cassio enters in the backgrou
63) 1) dialog: Myself the while to draw the Moor apart,  And bring him jump when he may Cassio find  Soliciting his wife. Cassio and Emilia approach as Iago sets off past them. 
63) 2) dialog: Good morrow, good Lieutenant.  Cassio stops him for a moment. 
63) 4) dialog: (to Camera) Ay, that's the way. Dull not device by coldness and delay. 
65) 7) dialog: (muttering) Ha! I like not that. 
65) 9) dialog: Nothing, my lord. 
65) 11) dialog: Cassio, my lord?  Othello walks past Desdemona into their bedroom. Iago fol
66) 0) text: SOLDIERS training. Iago and Othello work together. Othello sees Desdemona wa
66) 2) dialog: My noble lord? 
66) 4) dialog: Did Michael Cassio When you wooed my lady, know of your love? 
67) 2) dialog: But for a satisfaction of my thought; No further harm. 
68) 2) dialog: I did not think he had been acquainted with her. 
68) 4) dialog: Indeed? 
68) 6) dialog: Honest my lord? 
68) 8) dialog: My lord, for aught I know. 
68) 10) dialog: Think, my lord? 
68) 12) dialog: My lord, you know I love you. 
68) 14) dialog: For Michael Cassio, I dare be sworn I think that he is honest. 
68) 16) dialog: Men should be what they seem; Or those that be not, would they might seem none! 
68) 18) dialog: Why then, I think Cassio's an honest man. 
68) 20) dialog: Good my lord, pardon me; Utter my thoughts! 
68) 22) dialog: I do beseech you,  Though I perchance am vicious in my guess-  As I confess it is my nature's plague,  To spy into abuses and oft my jealousy  Shapes faults that are not - I entreat you then,  It were not for your quiet nor your good,  Nor for my manhood, honesty, and wisdom,  To let you know my thoughts. 
68) 24) dialog: Good name in man and woman, dear my lord,  Is the immediate jewel of their souls.  Who steals my purse steals trash: 'Tis something, nothing 'Twas mine, 'tis his, and has been slave to thousands. But he that filches from me my good name Robe me of that which not enriches him And makes me poor indeed. 
68) 26) dialog: You cannot, if my heart were in your hand; Nor shall not whilst 'tis in my custody. O beware, my lord of jealousy: It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on. 
68) 28) dialog: I am glad of this; for now I shall have reason To show the love and duty that I bear you With franker spirit. Therefore, as I am bound, Receive it from me. I speak not yet of proof. Look to your wife, observe her well with Cassio; Look to't. I know our country disposition well: In Venice they do let Heaven see the pranks  They dare not show their husbands. Their best conscience Is not to leave't undone, but keep't unknown. 
68) 30) dialog: She did deceive her father, marrying you. And when she seemed to shake and fear your looks She loved them most. 
68) 32) dialog: Why, go to then! But I am much to blame. I humbly do beseech you of your pardon  For too much loving you. 
68) 34) dialog: I see this hath a little dashed your spirits. 
68) 36) dialog: I'faith, I fear it has.  I hope you will consider what is spoke  Comes from my love. But I do see you're moved.  I am to pray you not to strain my speech  To grosser issues nor to larger reach  Than to suspicion. 
68) 38) dialog: Should you do so, my lord, My speech should fall into such vile success As my thoughts aimed not at. Cassio's my worthy friend - My lord, I see you're moved. 
68) 40) dialog: Long live she so... and long live you to think so. 
68) 42) dialog: Ay, there's the point: as, to be bold with you,  Not to enter into any marriage  Of her own clime, complexion and degree, Whereto we see in all things nature tends -  Othello shuts his eyes in agony. 
69) 1) dialog: Foh, one may smell in such a will most rank, Foul disproportion, thoughts unnatural.  Desdemona changes partner, from Montano to Cassio. 
70) 1) dialog: But pardon me: I do not in position Distinctly speak of her, tho' I may fear Her will, recoiling to her better judgment, May fall to match you with her country forma And may perchance repent. 
70) 3) dialog: My lord, I take my leave.  He starts to leave, but stops at the door and watches Oth
70) 5) dialog: (returning) My lord, I would I might entreat you honour To scan this thing no farther. Leave it to time. Let me be thought too busy in my fears As worthy cause I have to fear I am - And hold her free, I do beseech your honor. 
75) 0) text: Iago lies in bed. Emilia lays next to him. He turns away.
75) 2) dialog: You have a thing for me? It is a common thing. 
75) 4) dialog: To have a foolish wife. 
75) 6) dialog: What handkerchief? 
75) 8) dialog: (sudden interest) Hast stolen it from her? 
75) 11) dialog: Why what's that to you? Go, leave me.  He stares at her, coldly. Wounded, she turns to go. He gr
75) 12) dialog: (to Camera) Trifles light as air Are to the jealous confirmations strong As proofs of holy writ. This may do something.  He tosses the handkerchief into the air. 
82) 0) text: Othello leaves the Castle. In foreground Iago stalks him.
83) 0) text: Iago sits hidden amongst the rocks.
83) 1) dialog: (to Camera) The Moor already changes with my poison: Dangerous conceits are in their natures poisons, Which at the first are scarce found to distaste But, with a little act upon the blood, Burn like the mines of sulphur. I did say so. Look... He indicates Othello pacing on the shore. 
83) 2) dialog: Not poppy nor mandragora, Nor all the drowsy syrups of the world, Shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep Which thou owed'st yesterday.  He joins Othello. 
83) 3) dialog: Why, how now, general! No more of that.
83) 5) dialog: How now, my lord! 
83) 7) dialog: I am sorry to hear this. 
83) 9) dialog: Is't possible, my lord?  Othello turns to Iago. 
83) 11) dialog: Is't come to this? 
83) 13) dialog: My noble lord - 
83) 15) dialog: O grace! O heaven defend me! God bu'y you; take mine office. To be direct and honest is not safe. I thank you for this profit and from hence I'll love no friend, sith love breeds such offense.  He starts to leave. 
83) 17) dialog: I should be wise; for honesty's a fool And loses that it works for. 
83) 19) dialog: I see, sir, you are eaten up with passion. I do repent me that I put it to you. You would be satisfied. 
83) 21) dialog: And may. But how? How satisfied my lord? Would you, the supervisor, grossly gape on? Behold her topped?  Othello punches him to the ground. 
83) 23) dialog: It were a tedious difficulty, I think, To bring them to that prospect. Damn them then What shall I say? Where's satisfaction? It is impossible you should see this, Were they as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys  Othello grabs him again. 
83) 24) dialog: But yet, I say, If imputation and strong circumstances, Which lead directly to the door of truth, Will give you satisfaction, you might have it. 
83) 26) dialog: I do not like the office; But sith I am entered in this cause so far Pricked to it by foolish honesty and love I will go on. I lay with Cassio lately, And being troubled with a raging tooth I could not sleep. There are a kind of men so loose of soul  That in their sleeps will mutter their affairs. One of this kind is Cassio. In sleep I heard him say, 'Sweet Desdemona,  Lot us be wary, let us hide our loves.'  Othello sinks onto the sand. The sea laps at their ankles
83) 27) dialog: And then, air, would he grip and wring my hand,  Cry, 'O sweet creature!', and then kiss me hard,  As if he plucked up kisses by the roots  That grow upon my lips; then laid his leg  Over my thigh.  Iago illustrates, placing his own leg lightly over Othell
83) 28) dialog: And sighed, and kissed and then Cried.
83) 31) dialog: "Cursed fate that gave thee to the Moor."
84) 2) dialog: Nay, this was but his dream. 
84) 4) dialog: Nay, yet be wise; yet we see nothing done, She may be honest yet. Tell me but this: Have you not sometimes seen a handkerchief Spotted with strawberries in your wife's hand? 
84) 6) dialog: I know not that; but such a handkerchief -  I am sure it was your wife's - did I today  See Cassio wipe his beard with. 
89) 0) text: We look again and see that it is a TURKISH PRISONER. Iago is checking the cells and throws food to the prisone
89) 1) dialog: But if I give my wife a handkerchief. 
89) 3) dialog: Why, then 'tis hers, my lord' and being hers, She may, I think, bestow't on any man. What If I had said I had seen him do you wrong? Or heard him say - 
91) 1) dialog: He hath, my lord; but be you well assured, No more than he'll unswear. 
91) 3) dialog: Faith, that he did - I know not what he did. 
93) 1) dialog: Lie - 
93) 3) dialog: With her, on her, what you will. 
98) 0) text: Othello falling and hitting the ground. His head cracks a Iago looks down at him. 
98) 1) dialog: Work on, My medicine, work! I Thus credulous fools are caught, And many worthy and chaste dames even thus, All guiltless, meet reproach.  The sound of footsteps. Iago bends dawn to Othello 
98) 2) dialog: What ho, my lord! My lord, I say. Othello.  Cassio arrives. 
98) 4) dialog: My Lord is fallen into an epilepsy. This is his second fit; he had one yesterday. 
98) 6) dialog: (whispering) No, forbear. The lethargy must have his quiet course. If not, he foams at mouth and by and by Breaks out to savage madness. Look, he stirs. Do you withdraw yourself a little while; He will recover straight. When he is gone, I would on great occasion speak with you.  An Cassio goose Othello sits bolt upright and states at t
98) 8) dialog: How is it, general? Have you not hurt your head? 
98) 10) dialog: I mock you? No, by heaven. Good sir,  Whilst you were here, o'er whelmed with your grief, Cassio came hither.  Othello looks about, wildly. 
98) 11) dialog: I shifted him away.  And laid good scuse upon your ecstasy;  Bade him anon return and here speak with me,  The which he promised. Do but encave yourself,  And mark the jeers, the gibes and notable scorns  That dwell in every region of his face.  For I will make him tell the tale anew,  Where, how, how oft, how long ago and when  He hath and is again to cope your wife.  Marry patience.  Othello is on the verge of erupting. The sound of footste Iago hushes him and bundles him in to a cell with a DERAN
98) 12) dialog: Now will I question Cassio of Bianca. He, when he hears of her, cannot refrain From the excess of laughter.  Cassio is almost upon him, Iago gets even quieter: 
98) 13) dialog: As he shall smile, Othello shall go mad.  Through the bars of his cell Othello looks into the Camer Iago greets Cassio. 
98) 14) dialog: How do you now, lieutenant? 
98) 16) dialog: Ply Desdemona well and you are sure on't. (whispering) Now, if this suit lay in Bianca's power How quickly should you speed. 
98) 20) dialog: She gives it out that you shall marry her. Do you intend it?  Cassio laughs heartily. 
98) 22) dialog: Faith, the cry goes that you shall marry her. 
98) 24) dialog: I am a very villain else.  Iago and Cassio laugh. The Prisoner joins in. 
98) 26) dialog: Before me, look where she comes.  Iago withdraws, leaning on the cell door, an Bianca arriv
98) 36) dialog: After her, after her. 
98) 38) dialog: Will you sup there? 
98) 40) dialog: Well, I may chance to see you; for I would very fain spea
98) 42) dialog: (laughing) Go to, say no more.  Cassio runs off. 
98) 44) dialog: Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice?  Othello nods.
98) 45) dialog: And did you see the handkerchief?  The prisoner nods. Iago unlocks the door and Othello Steps out. 
99) 2) dialog: Nay, you must forget that. 
99) 4) dialog: Nay, that's not your way. 
99) 6) dialog: O, 'tis foul in her! 
99) 8) dialog: That's fouler. 
99) 10) dialog: Do not rise yet.  Witness you ever-burning lights above,  You elements that clip us round about,  Witness that here Iago doth give up  The execution of his wit, hands, heart,  To wronged Othello's service. Let him command, And to obey shall be in me remorse,  What bloody business ever.  He takes Othello's knife and cuts his own palm. 
99) 13) dialog: Do it not with poison; strangle her in her bed, even the
99) 15) dialog: And for Cassio, let me be his undertaker. You shall hear
99) 17) dialog: I am your own forever.  They fall into an embrace. Iago's eyes glisten with tears
100) 0) text: Othello smartens his clothing. Iago puts on his new lieut
101) 0) text: Two Venetian STANDARD-BEARERS among a small band of Atten Lodovico (the Duke's chess partner) kisses Desdemona's ha Othello and Iago enter. 
101) 7) dialog: I am very glad to see you, signor; Welcome to Cyprus. 
101) 9) dialog: Lives, sir. 
101) 41) dialog: He is much changed. 
101) 43) dialog: He's that he is; I may not breathe my censure  What he may be. 
101) 45) dialog: (with great sadness) Faith, that was not so well; yet would I knew That stroke would prove the worst. 
105) 2) dialog: What name fair lady? 
105) 5) dialog: Why did he so? 
105) 7) dialog: Do not weep, do not weep: Alas the day! 
105) 10) dialog: Beshrew him for it. How comes this trick upon him? 
105) 13) dialog: I pray you be content; 'tis but his humour. The business of the state does him offense, And he does chide with you. 
105) 15) dialog: It is but so, I warrant.  Trumpets sound. He raises her up and embraces her.
105) 16) dialog: Hark how these instruments summon to supper. The messengers of Venice stay the meat. Go in, and weep not; all things shall be well. 
106) 0) text: As Desdemona and Emilia move away, Iago is suddenly pulle
106) 1) dialog: How now, Roderigo? 
106) 3) dialog: What in the contrary? 
106) 6) dialog: Will you hear me, Roderigo? 
106) 8) dialog: You charge me most unjustly. 
106) 10) dialog: Well, go to; very well.  Roderigo pulls him back and slaps him. 
106) 12) dialog: (coolly) Very well. 
106) 15) dialog: You have said now. 
106) 17) dialog: Why, now I see there's mettle in thee, and even from this He leads him away from the door. 
106) 19) dialog: I grant it hath not appeared; and your suspicions are not
108) 0) text: Iago and Roderigo in heated discussion.
108) 2) dialog: Unless his abode be lingered here by some accident; where
108) 4) dialog: Why, by making him incapable of Othello's place - knockin
108) 6) dialog: Ay, if you dare do yourself profit and a right. I will be
108) 8) dialog: And you shall be satisfied. 
115) 2) dialog: Here at thy hand; be bold and take thy stand.  Iago slips behind the next pillar and pulls out his dagge
115) 4) dialog: (to Camera) If Cassio do remain He hath a daily beauty in his life  That makes me ugly, and beside, the moor  May unfold me to him; there stand I in much peril: No, he must die.  Sound of footsteps approaching. Cassio walks past Roderig
117) 5) dialog: Who's there? Whose noise is this that cries on murder? 
117) 7) dialog: Did not you hear a cry? 
117) 10) dialog: O me, lieutenant. What villains have done this?
117) 12) dialog: O, treacherous villains.  He calls out to Lodovico and Gratiano:
117) 13) dialog: What are you there? Come in and give some help. 
117) 16) dialog: (loudly) O murderous slave, O, villain.  Roderigo clings onto Iago and, as he sinks down, stares i
117) 18) dialog: (shouting) Where be these bloody thieves?  He moves up behind Cassio. Looking about, he sees no one Hearing footsteps he hides his dagger and spins round, sh
117) 19) dialog: Ho. murder, murder.  The figures of Lodovico and Gratiano emerge from the shad
117) 20) dialog: What may you be? Are you of good or evil? 
120) 0) text: Lodovico holds a torch over Iago, who has taken off his n Attendants arrive, bringing more light. Bianca runs in. She sees Cassio and throws herself to the ground by his s
120) 2) dialog: Patience awhile, good Cassio. Come, come, Lend me a light.  He leads them over to Roderigo 
120) 3) dialog: Know we this face or no? Alas, my friend and my dear countryman. Roderigo? No -  He leans in with a torch. 
120) 4) dialog: - yes, sure - O heaven, Roderigo. 
120) 6) dialog: Even he, sire; did you know him? 
120) 8) dialog: How do you, Cassio? He that lies slain here, Cassio, was
120) 10) dialog: (to Bianca) What, look you pale? - O, bear him out of the air.  Cassio is carried away. A SOLDIER throws Roderigo over hi Iago stops Lodovico and Gratiano: 
120) 11) dialog: Stay you good gentlemen. Look you pale, mistress?  He brings the torch close up to her face. 
120) 12) dialog: Behold her well; I pray you. look upon her. Do you see, gentlemen? Nay, guiltiness Will speak, though tongues were out of use.  Emilia arrives. 
120) 14) dialog: Cassio hath here been set on in the dark. And almost slain. 
120) 16) dialog: This is the fruits of whoring. Prithee, Emilia, Go know of Cassio where he supped tonight. (to Bianca) What, do you shake at that? 
120) 18) dialog: O, did he so? I charge you go with me He grabs her roughly by the arms.
120) 22) dialog: Kind gentlemen, let's go see poor Cassio dressed. Come mi Lodovico leaves with Gratiano. SOLDIERS drag Bianca along Iago tosses the 'black king', and the 'white queen' chess
122) 0) text: Lodovico, Gratiano, Emilia and Iago escorting the wounded Roderigo's body is thrown onto the table. He emits the fa
122) 1) dialog: Emilia, run and tell my lord and lady what hath happed.  She leaves. He turns to the Camera. 
122) 2) dialog: This is the night, That either makes me or fordoes me quite. 
125) 65) dialog: I told him what I thought, and told no more Than what he found himself was apt and true. 
125) 67) dialog: I did. 
125) 69) dialog: With Cassio, mistress. Go to, charm your tongue. 
125) 74) dialog: What are you mad? I charge you get you home.  He tries to push her out. Othello looks across at him.
125) 81) dialog: Be wise and get you home. 
125) 84) dialog: Filth, thou liest. 
126) 0) text: Iago sprints across the main hall, scrabbling over a tabl
127) 0) text: Iago runs as Montano and his men chase him. 
128) 0) text: Iago running, the sound of footsteps not far behind. He t
131) 0) text: Iago remains unseen at the door. Roderigo's eyes slowly o Iago turns to open the door and comes face to face with M Iago slips out his dagger, but is knocked to the ground b
132) 6) dialog: I bleed, sir, but not killed.  Iago is pulled off and thrown to the ground.
132) 12) dialog: Demand me nothing; what you know, you know. From this time forth I never will speak word.  He looks once into the Camera and turns away. 
134) 0) text: Darkness except for glints of metal, and silence but for Iago's eyes. In the shadows we glimpse instruments of tor