0) 11) dialog: I can't believe you. (to Whitland) I just want to start off by apologizing. My friend here h toward the dramatic, so he's making me do this. Usually, involve myself in his affairs, but he hasn't done this in wants...
0) 13) dialog: (sighs; circling the table) Mooby, the Golden Calf. Created by Nancy Goidruff -a form teacher - in nineteen eighty nine to fill a gap in the Sa schedule on local network K-REL Bought by the Complex Cor nineteen ninety one and broadcast nationally as the 'The Hour', it picked up a large following of children, ages t spawns sixteen records, two theatrical films, eight prime library of priced-to-own video cassettes, and bicoastal t 'MoobyWorld'. (beat) Did I miss anything? Whitland and company stare for a beat.
0) 15) dialog: (grimly) You and your board are idolators. Whitland and company stare dumbfounded. Loki finishes car beside Bartleby.
0) 20) dialog: (to Whitland) Again -. I apologize for my friend's...
0) 22) dialog: (miffed; to Whitland) You are responsible for raising an icon that draws worshi You've broken the first commandment, but more than that, you passes for a decent human being. Your continued exist of morality. (looks to Loki; Loki nods) Like you - Mister Bernard. (stands behind board member) Last year you cheated on your wife of seventeen years, ei with prostitutes. You even had sex with her best friend w her garden club meeting and you were supposed to be watch
0) 25) dialog: You got your girlfriend drunk at last year's Christmas pa a kid from the mailroom to have sex with her while she wa so you could break up with her - guilt free - when she so the next morning that she cheated on you. She killed hers later. You sent flowers to her wake. The board member's face is frozen. Bartleby shakes his he quickly around the table.
0) 26) dialog: (not liking his job) Mister Pereira disowned his gay son; Mister Turran put hi third-rate nursing home and used the profits from the sal purchase an oriental rug for himself; Mister Barker flew on the company account to have sex with an eleven year ol Bloom okayed the production of Mooby dolls from what he k and toxic materials because it was less costly. Bartleby stops at the female Board member and looks at he
0) 27) dialog: You, on the other hand, are an innocent. You lead a good never misused your power here. She stares at Bartleby. Loki pats her on the back and urg
0) 28) dialog: But you, Mister Whitland. You have more skeletons in your assembled party. I can't even mention them aloud. Bartleby leans over and whispers something unheard into W Whitland goes green. Bartleby steps back. Loki stands bes
0) 30) dialog: (to Loki) Can I go now?
0) 38) dialog: (cautionary) Loki! Loki freezes and looks OC. He grimaces and holsters his p
0) 221) text: And you say Siskel and Ebert have no influence over this BARTLEBY
0) 223) text: (off t.v.) And that's the church we're heading to? BARTLEBY
0) 225) text: Jersey's sold out, sir. BARTLEBY
0) 229) text: Enough to fill a bus. BARTLEBY
0) 231) text: Same time tomorrow. BARTLEBY
0) 233) text: I take it you've never been to the Garden State. Next. Bartleby and Loki look around. LOKI
0) 236) text: We should have learned to drive a long time ago. Infinite and we can't catch a bus. BARTLEBY
0) 238) text: You can either lament over our mass transit folly, or you suggestion. BARTLEBY
0) 240) text: Why fall victim to gravity when we can just as easily ris BARTLEBY
0) 254) text: Did Bartleby and Loki send you? NoMAN
0) 267) text: Are you so clueless as to think you can just waltz back i BARTLEBY
0) 269) text: Let me let you in on a little secret, okay: everyone is l Both sides - above and below. The orders are to terminate BARTLEBY
0) 271) text: You're pissing people off, that's why! Word on the grapev pissed off at your presumption, and I know Lucifer's piss assholes might just succeed where he's failed so many tim look bad. BARTLEBY
0) 276) text: Oh, lighten up. BARTLEBY
0) 282) text: Because I want to see you go back. You were both given a as raw as mine. If you make it back, then I figure there' (looks around) In the meantime, I suggest you find an alternate mode of anything else comes up, I'll contact you. BARTLEBY
0) 287) text: (looks at Bartleby) Shit man - that is punishment.
0) 308) text: A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now becau Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullsh they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting tha they're successful, you, me. all of this... ends in a hea (beat) All over a belief. Bethany nods. Rufus looks around. RUFUS
0) 317) text: This is Larry and Barry. Bartleby and Loki smile at Bethany. LOKI
0) 321) text: You can smoke up with them if you want. You don't have to BARTLEBY
0) 323) text: There's just this thing there I'm supposed to do. How abo BARTLEBY
0) 325) text: Do you two live together? BARTLEBY
0) 327) text: God, no. Not they just sort of adopted me. BARTLEBY
0) 329) text: I wish the little one would take a cue from him. But they as stoner's go. BARTLEBY
0) 331) text: How long've you two been together? BARTLEBY
0) 333) text: How'd you meet? BARTLEBY
0) 335) text: See? That's beautiful. And everyone's always up-in-arms a 'out-in-the-military' issue. BARTLEBY
0) 337) text: Well there's all that macho bullshit about it being 'This you two meet and hook up while in the service, which is s because it's so hard to meet anyone you can seriously rel BARTLEBY
0) 339) text: (laughs) Oh God, I'm sorry'. I just assumed... BARTLEBY
0) 341) text: (laughing) No, not at all. I'm sorry. My ex-husband kind of fouled u awareness barometer. BARTLEBY
0) 343) text: That's the nice way of putting it. I consider it being du BARTLEBY
0) 345) text: It's terrible, isn't it? Don't you constantly question yo why was I so easy to cast aside? Didn't I have merit? BARTLEBY
0) 347) text: The worst is that I still think like a couple. After all still have the 'we' mentality. BARTLEBY
0) 349) text: And they always tell you it'll hurt less with time... BARTLEBY
0) 351) text: (beat) You know what we need? We need some drinks. A lot of drin BARTLEBY
0) 355) text: I'm telling you, man - it's all about organized religion battle against it. The Rebels are fighting the Empire, ri Empire is led by whom? Darth Vader? No. It's led by the E Emperor is a practitioner of the Force, albeit the Dark S And the Force is basically a religion. (Silent Bob nods) So the entire galaxy is under Imperial rule, and the Impe run by this old religion. What you have, then, is a theoc a government run by the church. So Luke, Han, and Leia ar government to liberate the galaxy from the pious grip of essence, holy mother church. Silent Bob nods in understanding. Bethany and Bartleby slump in their booth, the table load glasses. Bethany is quite tipsy. Bartleby sips his drinks surreptitiously spits it out. BARTLEBY
0) 357) text: (laughs) Every Sunday. BARTLEBY
0) 359) text: (thinks) Gives me time to balance my check book every week. BARTLEBY
0) 361) text: Or in habit, if you're a nun. BARTLEBY
0) 363) text: A friend of mine told me that church is like bad sex:it's no foreplay... (starts laughing) No. that's not it. I am so buzzed. BARTLEBY
0) 365) text: I remember the exact moment. I was on the phone with my m trying to counsel me through what was happening to me and she said something like "There's always a plan." And I... angry. I mean, I know she was talking about God, right - But I was like "What about my plans?" You know? Like, don anything? I had planned to grow old with my husband and h wasn't that plan good enough for God? (beat) Apparently not. (swigs her drink) How about you? When did you lose your faith? BARTLEBY
0) 367) text: She. And how do you know She was listening in the first p BARTLEBY
0) 369) text: I hate thoughts like that. But they occur to you with age kid, you never question the whole faith thing - God's in He's... She's always got her eye on you. I'd give anythin again. Which is why I guess I let myself get talked into needed proof. And the opportunity presented itself to fin like they told us in Catholic school. And I gotta tell yo days, I've come across some interesting people that lend me. BARTLEBY
0) 373) text: You'd never believe me if I told you. BARTLEBY
0) 375) text: Alright. But I warned you. Okay - I'm going to this churc BARTLEBY
0) 382) text: See, they got tossed out of Heaven years ago, right? And in, it proves God wrong. And since God is infallible, to would... (laughing hard) ..would unmake existence! I feel so stupid just saying it Bartleby's eyes are wide. He looks scared. Then, a calm f BETRANY
0) 383) text: (laughing) But the thing I don't get... is how do I stop an angel? T I'm supposed to talk them out of it or something. Bartleby surreptitiously slides a knife off the table. BARTLEBY
0) 387) text: Oh yeah! Kill them! Even if that was the case... I mean. angel? BARTLEBY
0) 389) text: Where the hell is everybody? I wake up, and... He sees Bartleby. They both freeze. BARTLEBY
0) 392) text: (stumbling to her feet) Rufus, I want you to meet my friend, Barry... Bartleby leaps out of the booth and grabs Bethany, holdin throat. BETHANY
0) 394) text: Take it easy, Bartleby. Just let her go and let's talk ab BARTLEBY
0) 397) text: Is that a knife? BARTLEBY
0) 400) text: (half asleep) I didn't come in you, I swear... (looks around) Bartleby, with Bethany in hand, faces off against Rufus. LOKI
0) 401) text: (to Rufus) What are you doing here? BARTLEBY
0) 403) text: You think she was talking about us? BARTLEBY
0) 406) text: Consequences, schmonsequences. BARTLEBY
0) 408) text: It's not a question of pride, it's... BARTLEBY
0) 410) text: (beat) What are you, high? BARTLEBY
0) 412) text: I can't kill her if she hasn't done anything, you know th like she's 'on the job', so to speak... BARTLEBY
0) 413) text: Fine! I'll kill her myself... A hand lands on Bartleby's shoulder. JAY
0) 414) text: (oblivious to the situation) Hey man - now it's your turn. We got enough for a fatty b blunt! Bartleby turns the knife on him. JAY
0) 416) text: (dazed) In grates... Jay drops to the floor, out cold. Silent Bob grabs Loki a the aisle. Rufus grabs Bartleby's knife hand. They strugg collapses. RUFUS
0) 418) text: Wait, man! Can't we talk about this?! He throws Loki out the door, off the train. Rufus squeezes Bartleby's hand. Bartleby drops the knife in the face. Bethany jumps on Bartleby's back, covering h careen down the aisle, toward Silent Bob. He pulls Bethan back and kicks him out the back door, off the train. He q door closed and leans against it. The Bartender stares at him. Silent Bob brushes off his coat and thumbs toward the doo SILENT BOB
0) 422) text: The Apostle is here! BARTLEBY
0) 424) text: If that's the case, then chick with him must be... BARTLEBY
0) 426) text: (in a panic) Well, shit man! Maybe we should rethink this whole thing! the guy - he said there were consequences. Azrael tells u Maybe there's more to this than we thought about. Bartleby leans against the wall, sitting on the ground. H changed. He stares into space. BARTLEBY
0) 428) text: (beat) What? BARTLEBY
0) 430) text: (thinks) The movie about the giant ants? BARTLEBY
0) 432) text: (beat) Are you alright? BARTLEBY
0) 434) text: An... epiphany. Yes, well... that'll happen. BARTLEBY
0) 436) text: (beat) Get what? BARTLEBY
0) 438) text: You know - maybe you should take a nap or something. BARTLEBY
0) 440) text: Wait, wait, wait - kill them?! You're talking about the L Christ's sake! And what about Jay and Bob - I mean, those alright. BARTLEBY
0) 442) text: That sounds thin. BARTLEBY
0) 444) text: Oh, that's being realistic. Bartleby reaches out and grabs Loki, slamming him against BARTLEBY
0) 445) text: I'm going home, Loki. And nobody - not even the Almighty to make that otherwise. Bartleby releases Loki and smiles. He exits. Loki watches LOKI
0) 512) text: Didn't it ever occur to you that this Bartleby/Loki situa within the realm of His control? RUFUS
0) 526) text: Thankfully they seem oblivious to the situation in the ne know they're not responsible - at least not Lucifer. If h made his move by now to conquer Heaven. And I know he's n Bartleby and Loki because he'd have just as much to lose everyone else. RUFUS
0) 604) text: Not that - about Bartleby and Loki! RUFUS
0) 637) text: I'd also like to acknowledge this great state's Governor, for coming out an helping us ring in the first hundred ye parish True. she's a Protestant - but we won't hold that (crowd laughs) Now, let me just give you a bit of history on this partic hundred years young House of God... OC BARTLEBY
0) 638) text: This is no longer God's House. God doesn't live here anym The crowd turns, aghast. Bartleby pushes his way through followed by Loki. BARTLEBY
0) 640) text: (whispering) Maybe we should just go. BARTLEBY
0) 642) text: These are the two I was warned about, Officer McChee. Ple off the church grounds. The Cop grabs Bartleby's arm. COP
0) 643) text: Alright mouthpiece, let's leave the nice Cardinal alone a ride... Bartleby grabs the cops hand on his shoulder. BARTLEBY
0) 645) text: Is that so? Well, let's just... Bartleby throws his other hand forward and twists the Cop one brisk motion. Loki's eyes bug out. The crowd takes fl BARTLEBY
0) 647) text: I'm not so sure... BARTLEBY
0) 657) text: To compliment one another. Two spirits of pure inspiratio BARTLEBY
0) 672) text: Bartleby and Loki. AZRAEL
0) 748) text: No. Bartleby lands beside them, draping his wings at his side himself off. BARTLEBY
0) 750) text: Bartleby - listen to me! You can't go through with this! using you! If you go back this way... Bartleby slaps her down. BARTLEBY
0) 754) text: I can't... let you do this, Bartleby... (he sways as if drunk) I didn't know we... would end existence... BARTLEBY
0) 755) text: (to Bethany) My compatriot. Genocide takes a lot out of him. He's weak importantly. he's now a human being. A condition that car liabilities: a conscience... Bartleby pulls a knife and guts Loki. He stares at Bartle confused and betrayed. Serendipity nods to Rufus and Sile BARTLEBY
0) 756) text: ..and a short life span. (in a whisper; to Loki) Sorry, old friend - but you lost the faith. Rufus and Serendipity and Silent Bob jump Bartleby and st punches. Silent Bob bites his wing. Jay grabs Bethany and a bush. BETHANY
0) 782) text: (warming up) Now that's more like it. Rufus and Serendipity battle Bartleby, his wings thrashin Bob is getting back on his feet. BETHANY
0) 784) text: (to Jay) Whatever you do - stall Bartleby from going into that chu (to Silent Bob) Bob - come with me! (they exit)