0) 46) dialog: What does that mean - another expulsion? I thought you ca specifically to help me?
0) 51) dialog: Let me guess - the fourteenth apostle; left out of the bi a woman.
0) 53) dialog: Oh, those weren't tits I saw Jay cozying up to?
0) 59) dialog: (weary) Oh God. Another angel. Like Metatron.
0) 65) dialog: I'm confused.
0) 68) dialog: Then who is she?
0) 70) dialog: Now I'm really lost.
0) 73) dialog: Meaning?
0) 75) dialog: I can't take much more of this. (downs her beer)
0) 77) dialog: (to Serendipity) So you - what - inspire people?
0) 80) dialog: You made them sing that song?
0) 82) dialog: Are you kidding? Those two are so dense, they wouldn't ge it was given to them in a specially marked box.
0) 85) dialog: Prove it. Give me a good idea.
0) 87) dialog: (beat) Alright. So you're a muse. So what kind of people do you stupid ones?
0) 89) dialog: Movies?
0) 91) dialog: What have I seen that you've been involved with?
0) 93) dialog: Nine?
0) 99) dialog: So what happened?
0) 103) dialog: What about what you did with Jay and Silent Bob? You insp
0) 105) dialog: Whose?
0) 107) dialog: You're saying God's a woman.
0) 109) dialog: The possibility never presented itself. He's always refer
0) 113) dialog: (stunned) God is a woman...
0) 115) dialog: ...mom. God, it makes sense.
0) 126) dialog: You know about that?
0) 130) dialog: What do you have against Catholics?
0) 132) dialog: Once or twice.
0) 134) dialog: So if we're so wrong, then what's the right religion?
0) 140) dialog: What do you mean? What's that smell?
0) 142) text: The stench should say it all. BETHANY
0) 144) text: An excremental - the Golgothan. BETHANY
0) 150) text: He's coming for Bethany. JAY
0) 153) text: (to Silent Bob) I guess we're in charge of the gang now. BETHANY
0) 163) text: Quick! Get in! Bethany, Rufus, jay and Silent Bob leap into the darkness follows, pulling the door shut on top of them.
0) 166) text: You ever hear of Golgotha? BETHANY
0) 168) text: (peering above) Yeah, well it wasn't just Christ up there - the Romans cr on that hill. Ahd Christ excluded, they were all criminal brigands, thieves, rapists. And whenever the crucified ex bodies would naturally lose muscle control, spilling bowe the process. And the result is that walking pile of crap Golgothan Shit-Demon - Hell's chief assassin. And he's he girlie. Silent Bob stares at a crack in the doors. A milky drop o through it. BETHANY
0) 174) text: If anybody still remembers any prayers, I suggest you sta out. Silent Bob stares wide-eyed up at the approaching demon. something occurs to him. He stops backing up and stands. continue moving back. BETHANY
0) 176) text: (to Silent Bob) You tubby retard! Get your ass back on the floor! Silent Bob stands like a statue in the Golgothan's path. smile, moving ever closer. Silent Bob reaches into his co small canister out. He points it at the beast. A mist sho face of the Golgothan. It pauses, looking confused. The s hand drops to the floor, and then so does It. Bethany, Rufus, Serendipity, and Jay climb to their feet Silent Bob. They look to the fallen, unconscious behemoet Bob. BETHANY
0) 177) text: (off Bob's canister) What was that? Silent Bob holds the can out to them: it's a small, trial Air Freshener. Jay looks at it, then at Silent Bob. BETHANY
0) 179) text: Way to go. tubby. BETHANY
0) 185) text: I can give it a shot. BETHANY
0) 191) text: (shakes her head; to Rufus) Whoever sent this might send mor~. I suggest you take the as far away as possible. (to Bethany) I'll do what I can to extract some info from shit-boy her anything helpful. I'll get it to you somehow. BETHANY
0) 194) text: (to Bethany) Why the hell are we getting yelled at?! SERENDIPITY
0) 195) text: Just watch out for Bethany. Go. Bethany leads Jay and Silent Bob up the stairs. JAY
0) 196) text: (to Silent Bob) Man, bitch thinks just 'cause she's good-looking, she can do. BETHANY
0) 198) text: (excited) Yeah?. BETHANY
0) 200) text: (beat) Shut up. OC BETHANY
0) 290) text: How you coping, kid? BETHANY
0) 292) text: You sound like the Man. BETHANY
0) 294) text: Jesus? Black. BETHANY
0) 296) text: The brother was centered. I mean, He was God, right? But left out because He was more than human, you know? We use the fire - me and the other guys - and we'd be talking ab the Romans were or getting laid... BETHANY
0) 298) text: ...and He'd just sit there listening and smiling. We'd as joined in the convo, but He said He just liked to hear us anything. Said it was like music. I think He just wished shit to talk about himself. BETHANY
0) 300) text: He still digs humanity, but it bothers Him to see the shi carried out in His name - wars, bigotry, but especially t all the religions. He said humanity took a good idea and, built a belief structure on it. BETHANY
0) 302) text: I think it's better to have ideas. You can change an idea belief is trickier. Life should malleable and progressive idea to idea permits that. Beliefs anchor you to certain growth; new ideas can't generate. Life becomes stagnant. the Man hated - still life. He wanted everyone to be as e living as He was. Maybe it had something to do with knowing when He was going to die. bu vitality that I've never encountered in another person si I'm saving? BETHANY
0) 304) text: It was more than that. He was the only person I ever knew in that most ancient of life-affirming activities. BETHANY
0) 308) text: A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now becau Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullsh they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting tha they're successful, you, me. all of this... ends in a hea (beat) All over a belief. Bethany nods. Rufus looks around. RUFUS
0) 309) text: I haven't seen the moron twins in awhile. BETHANY
0) 314) text: Nope. Just about to smoke a bowl with our new friends. Yo BETHANY
0) 317) text: This is Larry and Barry. Bartleby and Loki smile at Bethany. LOKI
0) 324) text: We're going home. BETHANY
0) 328) text: They're funny as hell. The big one never says a word. BETHANY
0) 332) text: Awhile. He's great company. He can be a little flaky some got a lot in common. BETHANY
0) 334) text: We were stationed together. BETHANY
0) 336) text: What do you mean? BETHANY
0) 338) text: (catches on) You think we're lovers?! Oh no. No, we're not gay. BETHANY
0) 340) text: No. We live together and all, but at the end of the night and he goes to his. (beat) Why? Do I come off as gay? BETHANY
0) 342) text: You're divorced? BETHANY
0) 344) text: I was dumped once. More or less. BETHANY
0) 350) text: ...when actually, it hurts more. BETHANY
0) 355) text: I'm telling you, man - it's all about organized religion battle against it. The Rebels are fighting the Empire, ri Empire is led by whom? Darth Vader? No. It's led by the E Emperor is a practitioner of the Force, albeit the Dark S And the Force is basically a religion. (Silent Bob nods) So the entire galaxy is under Imperial rule, and the Impe run by this old religion. What you have, then, is a theoc a government run by the church. So Luke, Han, and Leia ar government to liberate the galaxy from the pious grip of essence, holy mother church. Silent Bob nods in understanding. Bethany and Bartleby slump in their booth, the table load glasses. Bethany is quite tipsy. Bartleby sips his drinks surreptitiously spits it out. BARTLEBY
0) 356) text: You're saying you still go to church? BETHANY
0) 358) text: Does it do anything for you? BETHANY
0) 360) text: See? That's what I'm talking about. People don't go to ch spiritual. They go to church and feel bored. But they kee week. Out of habit. BETHANY
0) 362) text: Oh... that wasn't very funny at all. BETHANY
0) 364) text: When do you think you lost your faith? BETHANY
0) 366) text: Me? Years ago. One day, God just stopped listening. I kep got the distinct impression that He wasn't listening anym BETHANY
0) 368) text: (thinks) I guess I don't. BETHANY
0) 374) text: Try me. BETHANY
0) 384) text: Maybe you're supposed to kill them? Bethany breaks into hysterics.
0) 391) text: Holy shit! BETHANY
0) 392) text: (stumbling to her feet) Rufus, I want you to meet my friend, Barry... Bartleby leaps out of the booth and grabs Bethany, holdin throat. BETHANY
0) 396) text: There doesn't have to be a slaughter. We can work this ou BETHANY
0) 400) text: (half asleep) I didn't come in you, I swear... (looks around) Bartleby, with Bethany in hand, faces off against Rufus. LOKI
0) 418) text: Wait, man! Can't we talk about this?! He throws Loki out the door, off the train. Rufus squeezes Bartleby's hand. Bartleby drops the knife in the face. Bethany jumps on Bartleby's back, covering h careen down the aisle, toward Silent Bob. He pulls Bethan back and kicks him out the back door, off the train. He q door closed and leans against it. The Bartender stares at him. Silent Bob brushes off his coat and thumbs toward the doo SILENT BOB
0) 419) text: No ticket. Rufus rubs his jaw. Bethany crawls up beside him, breathi BETH ANY
0) 449) text: A very basic strategy - if your enemies know where you ar there. BETHANY
0) 451) text: He had the knife at your throat. To gut you, he'd have to your stomach. BETHANY
0) 453) text: Well, I know I'd perceive the person sent to kill me as m BETHANY
0) 455) text: And how were you going to do that? Preoccupy them with a BETHANY
0) 462) text: (ignoring jay; to Bethany) Killing an angel's a two-step process - first you have to wings. which then makes them human. From that point on, i killing anything else - head or heart, take your pick. BETHANY
0) 464) text: (oblivious to Jay) Problem is, I don't think we could pull it off even if we this time away from the Divine Presence should have made and those guys felt far from weak. Either that or someone - someone with juice. BETHANY
0) 466) text: This doesn't excuse you from tryng to stop them. BETHANY
0) 470) text: If I was the only one, that'd bother me because every-one living, having a good time without me. But if we all go a okay, because I know I'm not missing anything. BETHANY
0) 474) text: (thinks) No. Just so me and Silent Bob could get laid. BETHANY
0) 476) text: Because you've got nice tits. BETHANY
0) 480) text: Shut up. (to Bethany) Do you know what the Apocryphal books are? Bethany shakes her head no. RUFUS
0) 481) text: Most of that information in the Bible came from the Dead ancient text discovered in a cave ages ago. And when the translated, they discovered data that conflicted with the officials had already established as the basis of their r couldn't refute centuries of dogma, so they thought it be certain passages out - sometimes whole books. Those books Apocrypha. BETHANY
0) 485) text: He goes from twelve years old to thirty. Whole volumes of eighteen year struggle with His Divine nature prior to Hi were thown out, forever lost to the faithful. BETHANY
0) 487) text: Because it was all closely tied in with His family. BETHANY
0) 489) text: His brothers and sisters. BETHANY
0) 491) text: Mary gave birth to Christ without having known a man's to But she did have a husband. And do you really think he'd married to her all those years if he wasn't getting laid? and the Virgin Birth - those are leaps of faith. But beli humped her husband - that's just gullibility. BETHANY
0) 494) text: All the time, from what I understand. Jesus used to tell hearing them through the walls when He was a kid. (beat) So you ask why you got tapped. I'll tell you why: a Chris salvation of this world once before. And you're the close Christ that still walks. BETHANY
0) 496) text: The blood that flows in your veins shares a chromosome or genetic level with the man you call Jesus. (hand on her shoulder) You're His great-grand-niece. Bethany's jaw drops. A high-pitched squeak of a word esca JAY
0) 497) text: (takes a hit from his joint) So... that would make Bethany part black. (to Silent Bob) Man, this is just like when Vader told Luke he was his fa RUFUS
0) 502) text: (mimicking his shock) The Apostle! (sits down with them) BETHANY
0) 510) text: Funny you should mention that - we're not sure. BETHANY
0) 513) text: If that's the case, then why was Bethany tapped? METATRON
0) 514) text: You know those constitutionals He likes to take? BETHANY
0) 516) text: I think we're beyond euphemisms at this point. (to Bethany) God's a skee-ball fanatic. METATRON
0) 517) text: Let's not altogether blow some of the mystery that surrou (to Bethany) Yes - the Lord has quite a fancy for the game; been playi He assumes a human form once a month and indulges. Doesn' where He's playing; just goes away for a couple of hours. understandable - a small exercise in hand/eye coordinatio as a highly effective means of therapeutic relaxation. An understand, He always gives his free points away to neigh Isn't that sweet? BETHANY
0) 519) text: (to Rufus) 'She'? I take it she's met the Muse. (to Bethany) No, 'She' hasn't. And we've been unable to locate Her. RUFUS
0) 529) text: (excited) Yeah? Silent Bob hands Jay his newspaper and points. Jay reads. BETHANY
0) 536) text: Here. (hands group the paper) BETHANY
0) 538) text: It's the guy in charge of the church thing. BETHANY
0) 541) text: Good Lord - he's got a point. BETHANY
0) 543) text: 'We'? You're back in? BETHANY
0) 558) text: Well...? Doesn't it pop? Bethany. Rufus, lay and Silent Bob are at a total loss fo JAY
0) 560) text: You see? Now this one's got vision! (to Jay) We're rolling out the flavors in September. Big cereal mo back to school and all. BETHANY
0) 566) text: You'd like to help out in some way? BETHANY
0) 568) text: (pauses mid-ash-tap) I beg your pardon? Silent Bob stands alone by the coat rack. Jay leaps into tied around his shoulder like a cape. He strikes a Superm OC BETHANY
0) 570) text: What is this - a threat? Are you planning some sort of de (pause) Are you pro-choicers? BETHANY
0) 571) text: No, the trouble's not from us. It's from these renegade a stuck on earth since the plagues... Rufus side-kicks Bethany, nonchalantly. BETHANY
0) 574) text: And you want me to call off the ceremony... for that? Bethany leans forward in her seat. BETHANY
0) 580) text: (to Bethany) Worked for Moses. BETHANY
0) 582) text: ...then these loonies will show up and go nuts, thus enda of all assembled, including the Governor, the press, me, Council of Churches. Heck, let's not stop there, maybe ev BETHANY
0) 587) text: What about the church's silent consent to the slave trade BETHANY
0) 589) text: (beat) Alright, those were mistakes. But one can hardly hold the incarnation of Holy Mother Church responsible for oversig I've indulged you for more time than I should have. Pleas BETHANY
0) 591) text: (losing it) Tomorrow goes off without a hitch! Do I make myself clear two years and exhaust eve~ ounce of my being to insure th be a cornerstone in the most important liturgical event s just to cancel it at the zero hour at the insistence of a pranksters who've targeted me as the focus of their eveni This occasion is important for the congregation of this p massive crowds coming for the plenary indulgence, for me, the Pope, and - most importantly - for the 'Catholicism - And neither you, nor any other influence short of the han (glares at Bethany) ... HIM -self will prevent it from occurring successfully He violently grabs the Miter/shark fin 'swimming' behind GLICK
0) 598) text: That ain't no crime. You wanna see a crime? Look what we in the dress. (to Silent Bob) Hand it over. Silent Bob pulls a golf club from out of his coat. BETHANY
0) 601) text: I told him to. You know how much these things are worth? couple of sodas and a pack of smokes right there. BETHANY
0) 603) text: Let them keep it. In a couple of hours, it won't matter a BETHANY
0) 605) text: We have no choice but to try to kill them. BETHANY
0) 609) text: Hey...! BETHANY
0) 611) text: There's only one idiot here, .Azrael... Bethany and Rufus react, as does the very surprised Azrae stands in the doorway. SERENDIPITY
0) 617) text: Come on Barkeep - just one drink for the road. Then I'm g Serendipity joins Bethany and Rufus. She whispers. SERENDIPITY
0) 620) text: None other than. BETHANY
0) 631) text: (rushing him) C'mon, demon - let's see you try that shit on a brother w The Stygian Triplets cross their sticks in front of Rufus Azrael trains his Uzi on Bethany. AZRAEL
0) 654) text: Ever the apple polisher. I'd hoped that when you left Par finally because you couldn't tolerate the injustice that your own brother. BETHANY
0) 667) text: No, Azrael. It never bothered me, and I'll tell you why: you stood behind your office, you prick. So you were an a Elvis was an artist, but that didn't stop him from joinin time of war. That's why he's the King... and you're a sch BETHANY
0) 673) text: After that, it was a simple matter or waiting for a churc their Centennial, and when that finally happened, applyin inspiration tactics - bv sending the pair an article lace incantation I picked up in the Pit kept them cloaked and radars, and aside from the Triplets and the Gologothan, n a clue as to what was going on. (smiles) Won't proud Lucifer weep when he realizes I triumphed ove way he never dared or dreamed. (shakes it off) But no plan, no matter how intricate, could succeed if th the realm of the quick. So I dispatched Him in a fairly i BETHANY
0) 675) text: Oh no. I've seen way to many Bond movies to know that you the details of your plan - no matter how close you may th success. Suffice it to say, the Catholics have been even insuring my success than by just supplying the clean-slat (gets up) The only X-Factor was the involvement of the Last Scion. someone up there would have the balls to make a move with say-so. Believe me - I sweated when you stumbled upon my train. But alas, here you are - powerless to stop the ine BETHANY
0) 677) text: (beat) Human, have you ever been to Hell? I think not. Do you kn was nothing more than the absence of Cod? And if you'd ev presence. then you'd realize that's punishment enough. Bu came along - and made it so much worse. BETHANY
0) 679) text: Evil is an abstract; it's a human construct. But true to nature. man won t own up to being the engineer of evil, s dark deeds on my ilk. But his selfishness is limitless, a for him to shadow his own existence. He turned Hell into fire, wailing, darkness - the kind of place anyone would out of. And why? Because he lacks the ability to forgive beyond your abilities to simply make recompense for and r commit. No - you choose rather to create a psychodrama an foundless belief that God could never forgive your 'griev you bring your guilt and inner-decay with you to Hell - w imaginations of so many gluttons-for-punishment give birt that has infected the abyss since the first one of your k begging to be 'punished'. And in doing so, they've transf solitude to pain and misery. I've spent eons privy to the the decay, hearing the wail of the damned. I know what ef have on the delicate psyche of an angelic beihg. (beat) Would you like to glimpse pain eternal? Look... Azrael places his hand over Bethany's eyes. For about ten some of the most fucked up and disturbing imagery that ca 240 frames of film. Azrael pulls his hand away. Bethany is fried, convulsing AZRAEL
0) 681) text: (holding up Bethany) You're still thinking only about yourself, you fuckmg chi AZRAEL
0) 693) dialog: BETHANY
0) 696) text: (joining Silent Bob) What the fuck have you been eating? Silent Bob shrugs. BETHANY
0) 700) text: No - but the driver is. BETHANY
0) 702) text: You've got that Divine heritage going for you - sanctifin the fringe benefits. BETHANY
0) 704) text: Three towns over - about five miles. BETHANY
0) 706) text: Ten steps ahead of you. BETHANY
0) 707) text: (going through dead bartender's pockets) We can take the bartender's car - I don't think he'll be anymore. Bethany and Serendipity rush out. JAY
0) 715) text: Holy shit. Bodies, bodies everywhere - partial, whole, bloody - hang upended. No one is left standing. It's a scene straight o Bethany buries her face in Rufus' chest. JAY
0) 716) text: See? And people wonder why I don't go to church. BETHANY
0) 718) text: To save these poor schmucks, yes. But we still exist. BETHANY
0) 724) text: What if they just kill themselves? BETHANY
0) 739) text: I'd step back if I were you. They jump back just as the body hits the ground and explo charges at Loki, grabs his lapels, and shakes him furious BETHANY
0) 742) text: I think our Bethan's about hit her ceiling. Loki slaps Bethany away, non-chalantly. LOKI
0) 751) text: I've become aware of the reprocussions, Muse. I know what Bethany leaps at him, all fists and fury. BETHANY
0) 753) text: Bethany - you of all people should understand what I'm t~ here. You too have been abandonned. You know what it's li aside. But while you've only felt the devastating effects I've dealt with it for millenia. And while you never see how blissful he is with his new wife... (picks up her face and smiles at her) And he is... (drops her head) ..seeing you people everywhere. everyday, trapped on this world He created for you... it's a constant reminder that came first, your kind was most revered. And your kind kno while my kind knows regret. A lesson must be taught. All even God. (steps back) Soon a cadre of police will arrive, just in time to kill church. And then this failed experiment called existence Loki stumbles to his feet. LOKI
0) 755) text: (to Bethany) My compatriot. Genocide takes a lot out of him. He's weak importantly. he's now a human being. A condition that car liabilities: a conscience... Bartleby pulls a knife and guts Loki. He stares at Bartle confused and betrayed. Serendipity nods to Rufus and Sile BARTLEBY
0) 756) text: ..and a short life span. (in a whisper; to Loki) Sorry, old friend - but you lost the faith. Rufus and Serendipity and Silent Bob jump Bartleby and st punches. Silent Bob bites his wing. Jay grabs Bethany and a bush. BETHANY
0) 758) text: (pulling off clothes) I hear you. BETHANY
0) 760) text: (pulling open pants) Amen to that. BETHANY
0) 762) text: I'd say we've got about five minutes left to live; the wh to end. You said you'd fuck me. BETHANY
0) 764) text: No - no time for that foreplay stuff, just sex. BETHANY
0) 766) text: What?! It's all over; nobody's gonna beat that thing! Now here all comatose like that John Doe Jersey bastard behind us, or we can make with th Bethany freezes. BETHANY
0) 768) text: 'Make with the love'? I just said that to be sensitive. U boning. BETHANY
0) 770) text: That guy - the one that they won't take off life support This is where he's at. BETHANY
0) 772) text: Saint Michael's hospital - over there. (points behind them) There, across the street, sits a HOSPITAL. BETHANY
0) 774) text: Look, I ain't got time to win you a prize or something, w before... BETHANY
0) 776) text: (scared) Asbury Park. About five miles away. BETHANY
0) 778) text: (really scared) Once. I was banging this girl who worked at the carousel. it on the ride, but I got sick and started puking... BETHANY
0) 781) text: (piss-scared; high pitched) ...yes. Bethany kisses Jay hard on the lips, jumps up and looks o JAY
0) 782) text: (warming up) Now that's more like it. Rufus and Serendipity battle Bartleby, his wings thrashin Bob is getting back on his feet. BETHANY