0) 6) dialog: (very distracted) Hmm?
0) 8) dialog: (still preoccupied) My friend just has a few words for you, and then we'll be Heading to Jersey, you see. Now -by the decor, I assume I correctly that this is the corporate headquarters for Moo International?
0) 10) dialog: (to Bartleby, still not looking up) You may proceed, mon ami'.
0) 12) dialog: (frustrated) Just read 'em their rights already.
0) 16) dialog: (to Bartleby) How could your forget the magazine? Bartleby rolls his eyes. Loki turns to the Whitland and h sculpture.
0) 17) dialog: It's you. (sets sculpture on table) Do you know much about voo-doo? Fascinating practice, ver Satanism, but not really much of a religion - no doctrine arrangements of superstitions, the most well- known of wh doll. (sneezes; waits; continues) A mock-up of an individual is subjected to various pokes desired result is that the individual will feel the effec
0) 19) dialog: All lines are currently down.
0) 21) dialog: (frustrated) Would you just get on with it?!
0) 23) dialog: In the bed you and your wife share, no less. The board member stares in disbelief. Loki nods to Bartle on.
0) 29) dialog: You're her father, you sick fuck. Whitland begins sobbing.
0) 31) dialog: (cheerily rubbing his head) Go on, you crazy kid. Bartlebv exits. Loki turns menacingly on the others.
0) 32) dialog: With the exception of Miss Pryce, there is not a decent h you. Do you know what makes a human being decent? (beat) Fear. And therein lies the problem. None of you has anyth anymore. You rest comfortably in seats of inscrutable pow your false idol, far from judgement - lives shrouded in s one another. But not from God. Loki goes to exit but pauses. He turns around.
0) 33) dialog: I forgot my little voo-doo doll. (looks at Whitland) Wow. It really does look just like you. Maybe, if I belie Loki begins moaning menacingly, slowly waving an open pal Whitland looks at it horrified, then at Loki, then back a sweats and shifts in his seat - eyes pinned on the figure shriek and smashes the figure with his fist. Whitland fre Slowly, he opens his eyes - unharmed.
0) 34) dialog: I don't believe in voo-doo. Loki swiftly exits. The Board Members sit in awed silence burst open and Loki storms back in.
0) 35) dialog: But I do believe in this. Gun blazing, he takes out the male board members, includi flurry of bullets. The remaining female Board Member cove her arms. Loki hangs his arm at his side and touches her
0) 36) dialog: (smiling) It's okay. You've done nothing wrong. They were bad men. soul. She looks at him, terrified. He smiles back. Then his exp
0) 37) dialog: But you didn't say 'God Bless You' when I sneezed. He quickly puts the gun to her head. She slams her eyes s
0) 39) dialog: (to woman) Sorry. Force of habit. He surveys his handiwork and exits. The female Board Memb her eyes and looks around.
0) 222) text: We're getting out of here at just the right time. These p LOKI
0) 227) text: The computer says. LOKI
0) 230) text: (to Loki) You had to drag that judgement out. You couldn't just hit (to Woman) When's the next one? WOMAN
0) 233) text: I take it you've never been to the Garden State. Next. Bartleby and Loki look around. LOKI
0) 235) text: Then I guess it's lunch time. (she shuts her window) LOKI
0) 237) text: Just shut up, this is your fault. LOKI
0) 239) text: It's your suggestions that prevent us from negotiating wh simple matter of catching or staying on a bus! LOKI
0) 241) text: (stares at him) Fly? LOKI
0) 254) text: Did Bartleby and Loki send you? NoMAN
0) 263) text: You lied? LOKI
0) 265) text: Because you two fucks are inches away from getting yourse around killing people, about to uncase your wings... don' idea what's going on? LOKI
0) 273) text: They're going to try'. That's why you have to travel inco your behavior, stay off their respective radars. Go about subtly. Quit killing people - that's high profile. And fo don't uncase your wings until you have to transubstantiat minute you let them flap, legions of thrones and hordes o fight each other over who gets to kill you first. (looksOC) Shhhh! A WOMAN and her small DAUGHTER walk past. While the Woman items on the top shelf, Loki pulls off Azrael's hat and t on the shoulder. He points to Azrael's horns. The Woman p further down the aisle, oblivious to the trio. DAUGHTER
0) 275) text: That's the kind of shit I'm talking about! LOKI
0) 278) text: Believe it, boys. They've even got the Last Scion looking LOKI
0) 280) text: This is big. I'm telling you. Your re-entry is a thorn in and they'll stop at nothing to prevent it. LOKI
0) 284) text: Would you expect anything less from a demon. I have to ge before they get suspicious. (turns to leave) LOKI
0) 286) text: Give you a hint: they've been playing 'Mrs. Doubtfire' co years now. (exits) LOKI
0) 308) text: A belief's a dangerous thing, Bethany. People die for it. it. The whole of existence is in jeopardy right now becau Belief structure regarding this plenary indulgence bullsh they know it or not, Bartleby and Loki are exploiting tha they're successful, you, me. all of this... ends in a hea (beat) All over a belief. Bethany nods. Rufus looks around. RUFUS
0) 317) text: This is Larry and Barry. Bartleby and Loki smile at Bethany. LOKI
0) 398) text: Oh. we can work it out, alright. I'm going to work the bl her thorax! (calling over shoulder) Loki! Loki catches the action and reacts. LOKI
0) 400) text: (half asleep) I didn't come in you, I swear... (looks around) Bartleby, with Bethany in hand, faces off against Rufus. LOKI
0) 402) text: They're here to thwart our journey home, my friend. This that she's supposed to stop a couple of angels from enter LOKI
0) 405) text: It doesn't have to go down like that! You haven't thought consequences of re-entry! LOKI
0) 409) text: Loki - kill the girl LOKI
0) 411) text: Do it! LOKI
0) 415) text: (not quite getting it yet) We having cake or something? Loki backhands Jay, stunning him. JAY
0) 416) text: (dazed) In grates... Jay drops to the floor, out cold. Silent Bob grabs Loki a the aisle. Rufus grabs Bartleby's knife hand. They strugg collapses. RUFUS
0) 418) text: Wait, man! Can't we talk about this?! He throws Loki out the door, off the train. Rufus squeezes Bartleby's hand. Bartleby drops the knife in the face. Bethany jumps on Bartleby's back, covering h careen down the aisle, toward Silent Bob. He pulls Bethan back and kicks him out the back door, off the train. He q door closed and leans against it. The Bartender stares at him. Silent Bob brushes off his coat and thumbs toward the doo SILENT BOB
0) 423) text: I noticed. LOKI
0) 425) text: The Scion, I'd imagine. (leans against the wall; slides down) LOKI
0) 427) text: There sure is. (beat) It's them. LOKI
0) 429) text: (shakes his head) Them. LOKI
0) 431) text: Them - the humans. It's what it all comes down to. you kn humanity... kind of like that giant ant movie. LOKI
0) 433) text: I'm better than alright. I've had an epiphany, my friend. LOKI
0) 435) text: When that sweet, innocent girl let her mission slip, I su it all - everything. For the first time in all these eons LOKI
0) 437) text: In the beginning, it was just us and Him. Angels and God. created the humans. And He gave them more than He ever ga designed to be a life of servitude and worship - adoratio humans more - He gave them a choice. They can choose to i to acknowledge Him. All this time we've been down here, e absence of the Divine presence. And it pained me... as I' have pained you sometimes, even though you'd gloss over i we feel his absence, and why? Because of the way He made Had we been given free will, we could ignore the pain... LOKI
0) 439) text: Loki, don't you get it? It's the humans - it's always the given paradise; they threw it away. They were given this destroyed it. They were favored best among all His endeav them don't even believe He exists. Their ego-mania corrod it dark and crimson. (looks at Loki) I asked you to lay down your sword years ago - why? Because I felt sorry for them. And where did it get us? Thrown out. (smiles) We've paid our debt. Don't you think it's time we went ho that, I think we have to dispatch our would-be dispatcher LOKI
0) 441) text: Don't, my friend. Don't let your sympathies get the best did me way back when. Scion or not, she's just a human. A sins are forgiven by passing through that arch. No harm, LOKI
0) 443) text: Fine. We'll cover ourselves. We'll take out a slew of peo the body count, He won't notice. LOKI
0) 444) text: Oh, that's being realistic. Bartleby reaches out and grabs Loki, slamming him against BARTLEBY
0) 445) text: I'm going home, Loki. And nobody - not even the Almighty to make that otherwise. Bartleby releases Loki and smiles. He exits. Loki watches LOKI
0) 512) text: Didn't it ever occur to you that this Bartleby/Loki situa within the realm of His control? RUFUS
0) 526) text: Thankfully they seem oblivious to the situation in the ne know they're not responsible - at least not Lucifer. If h made his move by now to conquer Heaven. And I know he's n Bartleby and Loki because he'd have just as much to lose everyone else. RUFUS
0) 604) text: Not that - about Bartleby and Loki! RUFUS
0) 638) text: This is no longer God's House. God doesn't live here anym The crowd turns, aghast. Bartleby pushes his way through followed by Loki. BARTLEBY
0) 639) text: He's grown weary of your superficial faith and has turned your lip-service prayers. He is no longer amused, and has His favorites - to the whim of judgement. Hypocrites and prepare to taste God's wrath! LOKI
0) 645) text: Is that so? Well, let's just... Bartleby throws his other hand forward and twists the Cop one brisk motion. Loki's eyes bug out. The crowd takes fl BARTLEBY
0) 646) text: (releasing dead Cop) Ladies and Gentlemen - you have been judged as guilty of our Almighty Lord. And this very day - I assure you - you your tresspasses... in blood. (to Loki) Wings. Now. LOKI
0) 672) text: Bartleby and Loki. AZRAEL
0) 729) text: It was a Cardinal. They all turn to see Loki, leaning against a body or two, bottle of champagne. His wings lie beside him, filthy - b ashen. He looks exhausted. Rufus trains the gun on him. LOKI
0) 736) text: I wasn't gonna touch him, I was gonna shoot him! LOKI
0) 737) text: (looking skyward) He's been at it for awhile now. In the distance above - a mere shadow against the sky - s soars and stops, releasing what looks like a very panicky OC LOKI
0) 738) text: We ran out of parishoners, so he just started picking up street. You're looking at eons of repression getting purg been able to jerk off. Loki drags himself a few feet backwards. LOKI
0) 739) text: I'd step back if I were you. They jump back just as the body hits the ground and explo charges at Loki, grabs his lapels, and shakes him furious BETHANY
0) 742) text: I think our Bethan's about hit her ceiling. Loki slaps Bethany away, non-chalantly. LOKI
0) 745) text: Which means he's human now - his wings have been cut off. (slapping Loki to sober him up) Loki! Loki! LOKI
0) 747) text: Loki - have you walked through the arch yet? C'mon. tell in and come out through the archway yet?! VOICE
0) 753) text: Bethany - you of all people should understand what I'm t~ here. You too have been abandonned. You know what it's li aside. But while you've only felt the devastating effects I've dealt with it for millenia. And while you never see how blissful he is with his new wife... (picks up her face and smiles at her) And he is... (drops her head) ..seeing you people everywhere. everyday, trapped on this world He created for you... it's a constant reminder that came first, your kind was most revered. And your kind kno while my kind knows regret. A lesson must be taught. All even God. (steps back) Soon a cadre of police will arrive, just in time to kill church. And then this failed experiment called existence Loki stumbles to his feet. LOKI
0) 755) text: (to Bethany) My compatriot. Genocide takes a lot out of him. He's weak importantly. he's now a human being. A condition that car liabilities: a conscience... Bartleby pulls a knife and guts Loki. He stares at Bartle confused and betrayed. Serendipity nods to Rufus and Sile BARTLEBY
0) 756) text: ..and a short life span. (in a whisper; to Loki) Sorry, old friend - but you lost the faith. Rufus and Serendipity and Silent Bob jump Bartleby and st punches. Silent Bob bites his wing. Jay grabs Bethany and a bush. BETHANY