0) 45) dialog: Three years this August. What about you - is this another expulsion? You and your 'Christ was down' campaign?
0) 47) dialog: Is that what he told you? Rufus gets thrown out constantl month, ethereal time. They always bring him back, but onl of peace and quiet - free from that black nationalist rhe
0) 49) dialog: Who you calling artsy-fartsy?
0) 54) dialog: (tugs on boobs) What, these? You should know better than anyone at this t don't make a woman.
0) 56) dialog: Aside from an intuitive knack for accessorizing, what tra a woman falls between two things : her legs. But as you c Serendipity stands and unbuttons her jeans, dropping them revealing yet another smooth, sexless crotch, quite like
0) 57) dialog: I lack definition.
0) 60) dialog: How do you know Metatron? (to Rufus) How does she know Metatron?
0) 62) dialog: (beat) You're kidding.
0) 64) dialog: (stares at Bethany) A bit. (suddenly nervous) Oh shit. If she's been tapped, then something's up.
0) 67) dialog: Amen to that. (swigs her beer and spits it out)
0) 69) dialog: Not who - what. I haven't always been part of the anthrop used to be an abstract.
0) 72) dialog: Try all ideas.
0) 74) dialog: I'm a muse, stupid. Bethany stares at her for a beat, then at Rufus. Rufus no
0) 78) dialog: What just went down with your friends over there-you don' thought of that themselves? I knew Kane's weak spot for F passed it along to the boys.
0) 81) dialog: I offered them a solution out of the hole they dug for th Thankfully, they took it.
0) 83) dialog: Dense people are the most open to suggestion - it's vou s intelligent folks that have a hard time accepting a good
0) 86) dialog: If I do, and you accept it, then you'll have confirmation you say - dense.
0) 88) dialog: I used to specialize in entertainment - literature, theat
0) 90) dialog: In some cases, I'd do everything but bang starlets on the
0) 92) dialog: Off the top of my head - everything. Well almost everythi I'm responsible for nine of the ten top grossing films of
0) 94) dialog: The one about the kid, by himself in his house; burglars and he fights them off? (Bethany nods) I had nothing to do with that one. Somebody sold their so the grosses up on that piece of shit.
0) 96) dialog: Well you remember why I left, right?
0) 98) dialog: And sick of watching incapable people take brilliant insp out real trash. (to Bethany) So I opted to quit being a muse and write for myself. I g notice. got a body, fifty bucks, and got sent out into th fortune.
0) 100) dialog: Writer's block.
0) 102) dialog: Can you believe it? Me - a muse, for God's sake! I sit do typewriter, and what do I get? Nothing. Blank page. 1 can grocery list.
0) 104) dialog: That's the cosmic joke. I can give out a zillion and nine but I can't keep any for myself. Her quirky sense of humo
0) 106) dialog: God's.
0) 108) dialog: Was there ever a doubt in your mind?
0) 110) dialog: I didn't write it that way My job stops at the idea stage holds the pen adds their own perspective, and all the pen One of the drawbacks to being intangible is that you have editorial process.
0) 112) dialog: (to Bethany) See. these being male-dominated times, the Pharisees and threatened by the idea of a woman lording over them and c fates. so they made sure that She became a He Doesn't sto whole book is slanted and gender-biased: a woman's respon first sin, the fall of man, and the expulsion from Eden. Sampson's coif of power, a woman asks for the head of Joh Read that book again some time - women are painted as big than the fucking Egyptians and Romans combined.
0) 114) dialog: I don't know what the big surprise is - women are the onl create life, just like God created the universe. Who else could have the infinite patience with impudent children t humanity. A woman can give birth to and nurture both sexe psychologists theorize that women are the only gender bot completely comfortable with; and the faithful - both male at ease with God. In time of trial, our first instinct is aid of the Almighty, just as when you're a child, the onl make it all better is...
0) 117) dialog: Not really useful in my new line of work.
0) 119) dialog: In an effort to create something artistic that I could cl See, I've been able to fool myself into thinking this isn dancing; and at least dancing is artistic. But She won't much - the way God designed dance, it's the only creative in no tangible product. Unlike paintings, poems, movies o forms. when the dance is over, there's nothing to show fo save and enjoy... or sell. (takes a drink) Believe me, the irony wasn't lost on this muse.
0) 121) dialog: Believe me, I think about eating crow and going back to t to time. But I'd hate to give Her the satisfaction of my prodigal. And it sucks because I can't stand being flesh especially this halfway crap. Not only do I have to take aesthetic - the showers, the haircutting, the pit-shaving take advantage of the benefits - like getting laid or usi excuse not to get laid... (conspiratorily to Bethany) ...the only true boon to having a period, from what I und
0) 123) dialog: Sure - the angel of death and his squeamish pal with a co
0) 125) dialog: (shocked) God no. Not the plenary indulgence loop hole?
0) 127) dialog: I always knew that thing was a bad idea. Leave it to the destroy existence.
0) 129) dialog: My condolences.
0) 131) dialog: Ever been to a Catholic mass?
0) 133) dialog: It's like bad sex - up, down, up, down, kneel, leave. And the whole time you'd rather be watching t.v. You people don't celebrate your faith - you mourn it.
0) 135) dialog: When are you people going to learn? It's not about right question of faith. It doesn't matter what you believe in believe. Jay and Silent Bob join them, wearing bandannas.
0) 139) dialog: Sweet Christ, someone wants you bad.
0) 143) text: Who the hell is it?! SERENDIPITY
0) 154) text: What the fuck happened?!? SERENDIPITY
0) 157) text: No chance of taking him down? SERENDIPITY
0) 162) text: Now that... is some powerful shit. Serendipity pulls at the floor, yanking open a door. SERENDIPITY
0) 165) text: What is that thing? SERENDIPITY
0) 167) text: Skull place. The hill where Christ was crucified. SERENDIPITY
0) 169) text: What are we doing down here, then?. Any second now he'll through that door! SERENDIPITY
0) 171) text: (indicating trickling shit) Looks like it's been taking memory training courses... SERENDIPITY
0) 176) text: (to Silent Bob) You tubby retard! Get your ass back on the floor! Silent Bob stands like a statue in the Golgothan's path. smile, moving ever closer. Silent Bob reaches into his co small canister out. He points it at the beast. A mist sho face of the Golgothan. It pauses, looking confused. The s hand drops to the floor, and then so does It. Bethany, Rufus, Serendipity, and Jay climb to their feet Silent Bob. They look to the fallen, unconscious behemoet Bob. BETHANY
0) 182) text: (to Serendipity) Who has dominion over this thing? SERENDIPITY
0) 184) text: Can you get some answers? SERENDIPITY
0) 187) text: Serendipity's going to talk to that demon. JAY
0) 188) text: Cool! Can we watch? SERENDIPITY
0) 190) text: Fuck you - weak-minded! Me and Silent Bob can talk to him language! See...? (makes the universal metal sign) he'd understand this. SERENDIPITY
0) 192) text: (hugs her) Thank you. And... you're a great dancer. SERENDIPITY
0) 194) text: (to Bethany) Why the hell are we getting yelled at?! SERENDIPITY
0) 199) text: Oh, a demon'd have a field day with you. Serendipity and Rufus watch them disappear up the steps. OC JAY
0) 201) text: You shut up. SERENDIPITY
0) 203) text: Comes from good stock. SERENDIPITY
0) 205) text: Not the right time. SERENDIPITY
0) 207) text: The nails. Serendipity looks at Rufus. He smiles. She hits him, laug up. SERENDIPITY
0) 208) text: Blasphemer. Then, the OC Golgothan makes a groggy, grumbling noise. SERENDIPITY
0) 210) text: (hugs her) Good luck. Rufus runs up the steps. Serendipity tunrs on the Golgoth SERENDIPITY
0) 246) text: The Muse. They told us you were up here. SERENDIPITY
0) 248) text: Free us from these binds, that you may have answers. SERENDIPITY
0) 249) text: (heads toward it) Okay. (stops; sarcastic) Oh wait. I'm smarter than that. NoMan lets out a bellow. SERENDIPITY
0) 251) text: (beat) Liquidate the Last Scion. SERENDIPITY
0) 253) text: Our master is no one and all. For a time, he will be prin and the fate of those who dwell in it will be at the merc And then he will sever reality and crush existence, like a fontanell, giving peace to those who've been without fo SERENDIPITY
0) 255) text: Resist no further, Muse. Deliver over to us the conflicte world may die screaming. No power - divine or inherited - crusade. You cannot win. Soon will rise of the cry of the begging your God to put an end to the madness. And only a not, will they know that the God of Abraham lay dormant w perished in a blink. Your God is not dead - He's brain de SERENDIPITY
0) 257) text: You speak of Azrael. (he laughs) We pity you. Muse. You're still playing the old game. The have made good on your threat is gone. SERENDIPITY
0) 545) text: (off Silent Bob) Well, well, well - the prophets finally live up to their Silent Bob shrugs. Jay is trying to look down Serendipity back-hands him.
0) 611) text: There's only one idiot here, .Azrael... Bethany and Rufus react, as does the very surprised Azrae stands in the doorway. SERENDIPITY
0) 617) text: Come on Barkeep - just one drink for the road. Then I'm g Serendipity joins Bethany and Rufus. She whispers. SERENDIPITY
0) 619) text: Is that who I think it is? SERENDIPITY
0) 621) text: Who is it? SERENDIPITY
0) 626) text: (to the group) He doesn't know how to make a Holy Bartender. You know - don't you, Muse? SERENDIPITY
0) 629) text: Get it? SERENDIPITY
0) 632) text: (joining them) You maintain that kind of an attitude and you and the bar only corpses in the room -the Christ-Bitch will join you. SERENDIPITY
0) 650) text: You're a muse too? SERENDIPITY
0) 652) text: Tell them, Serendipity. Tell them how I was slighted by t SERENDIPITY
0) 655) text: He's your brother?! SERENDIPITY
0) 659) text: Yes. What. Lucifer got restless and started his little wa Heaven became divided into two factions - the faithful an The ethereal planes were chaotic with battle, angel again it was all over, Cod cast the rebels into perdition. SERENDIPITY
0) 662) text: I was an artist! I was inspiration! A muse has no place i is to create - not destroy! SERENDIPITY
0) 664) text: Don't tell me that you never questioned the judgement, Se you don't think the Almighty acted too rashly? SERENDIPITY
0) 666) text: Well? SERENDIPITY
0) 680) text: I'd rather not exist than go back to that. And if everyon with me, so be it. SERENDIPITY
0) 688) text: (snapping off tv.) You see that? And I told them to keep a low profile. I'd a couple of minutes, it won't matter anymore. While he speaks, Serendipity looks to Silent Bob. Silent attention, and locks eyes with Serendipity. He looks to t back at her. He nods. Azrael suddenly catches the exchange between the two. AZRAEL
0) 689) text: Now what was that all about? SERENDIPITY
0) 691) text: (getting up) Bullshit. What are you trying to do, Serendipity -get the who's the fucking child? What did you tell him - to hit m club? Are you serious? (picks up golf club) I'm a fucking demon, and you'd have him assault me with a (hands club to Silent Bob) Well, here then - take it. Call it a gift. (stands back and hits his own chest) Take a shot - take your best shot. C'mon - c'mon, bright The Stygian Triplets snicker. Silent Bob stares at Azrael AZRAEL
0) 692) text: Don't you know anything? Silent Bob looks to Serendipity. She nods. He shrugs and with all his might into Azrael's chest - which caves in, shit everywhere. Rufus, Jay, and Serendipity turn on their captors, grabbi Triplets by the throats. SERENDIPITY
0) 697) text: What just happened? SERENDIPITY
0) 699) text: Silent Bob's an instrument of God?! SERENDIPITY
0) 701) text: (catching on) And Glick's the kind of asshole that would bless his own game. And the sink...? SERENDIPITY
0) 707) text: (going through dead bartender's pockets) We can take the bartender's car - I don't think he'll be anymore. Bethany and Serendipity rush out. JAY
0) 717) text: Are we too late? SERENDIPITY
0) 720) text: They could already be in the church. SERENDIPITY
0) 722) text: Are you shitting me? The brother here is going to shred t Schwarzenneger special - ain't you, homey? SERENDIPITY
0) 744) text: This guy's drunker than hell. SERENDIPITY
0) 746) text: (recognizing her) The Muse. Haven't seen you in a long time. What's with th SERENDIPITY
0) 749) text: We were awaiting your arrival. SERENDIPITY
0) 755) text: (to Bethany) My compatriot. Genocide takes a lot out of him. He's weak importantly. he's now a human being. A condition that car liabilities: a conscience... Bartleby pulls a knife and guts Loki. He stares at Bartle confused and betrayed. Serendipity nods to Rufus and Sile BARTLEBY
0) 756) text: ..and a short life span. (in a whisper; to Loki) Sorry, old friend - but you lost the faith. Rufus and Serendipity and Silent Bob jump Bartleby and st punches. Silent Bob bites his wing. Jay grabs Bethany and a bush. BETHANY
0) 782) text: (warming up) Now that's more like it. Rufus and Serendipity battle Bartleby, his wings thrashin Bob is getting back on his feet. BETHANY