26) 0) text: WADE walks down the street into the night. He pulls a crumpled card from his jacket pocket:        t card with the recruiter's number. Still walking, Wade pulls out a cellphone and dials.
28) 3) dialog: Mr. Wilson. Have a seat. (Wade sits, long pause)
28) 6) dialog: It's my job. Recruitment. And you have quite a reputation. I'm sorry you've had a tough go. But you're a fighter. And not just for Johnny Canuck, impressive as your stint in special forces was. Forty- one confirmed kills?
28) 8) text: One every seven weeks.     Same rate most folks get a hair-cut. Wade grabs the recruiter's drink and throws it back.
28) 10) dialog: Now you spend your days sticking up for the little man, slitting small time throats for small time folks.
28) 15) dialog: (low, conspiratorial) Speaking of which... Mr. Wilson, I represent an organization that may be able to help. What if I told you we can cure your cancer? And what's more, give you abilities most men only dream of?
28) 17) dialog: The world needs extraordinary men. We won't just make you better. We'll make you better than better. A super-hero.
35) 0) text: WADE, ghastly, nearing death, lies BACK onto a STRETCHER, covered only by a FLIMSY HOSPITAL GOWN. He's being wheele down a dim corridor by two tough-looking ORDERLIES. In one hand, he holds the recruiter's crumpled BUSINESS C In the other, he clutches the limited edition VOLTRON RIN as tight as his shaky hand allows.
35) 4) dialog: Mr. Wilson! Nothing warms my heart like a change of someone else's.
35) 5) text: Walking into Wade's P.O.V. is the creepy RECRUITER. down on Wade.
35) 6) dialog: You finally hit `fuck-it.'
35) 8) dialog: Of course.
35) 10) dialog: I hope you enjoy your stay.
52) 0) text: An FBI-STYLE `ORGANIZATIONAL CHART' has been pinned on Wa CORKBOARD in the lair. A `pyramid' of baddies are linked strings. Each baddie is depicted not by a photograph, but child-like CRAYON DRAWING. Second from the top is the RECRUITER. At the APEX of the pyramid is AJAX HIMSELF. DEADPOOL, in his LAIR, sews together an early `proto- costume.' We see quick cuts of pieces of it going on: White Adidas track suit. White gloves.            White b some sort of white mask... A single gun, underarm holster, boot knife but no swords.
59) 0) text: A wretched room, dirty mattresses covering the floor. Dim light scatters through a tangle of IV bags hastily strung over MEN too poor to have anywhere else to go and die. The RECRUITER kneels, speaking quietly to a particularly hardened patient. He places a card in the man's emaciated hand, then stands and walks toward a low doorway. The recruiter enters a brightly lit room stacked high wit bags of rice. Two heavily armed THUGS fall in beside him. The men scan the aisles as they move toward a door leadin out into an alley.
59) 10) text: Without a word, the Recruiter flees, running through the roll-up door. Deadpool leaps to land between the two bodyguards as they draw their weapons and spray the room with gunfire. One goes down in a bloody heap. Deadpool leaps toward the other, skewers him with both swords. The thug falls backward, dead before he hits the ground.
60) 2) text: The Recruiter has stepped timidly from between overflowin garbage bins, hands raised, eager to talk his way out of mess:
60) 3) dialog: To whom should I address my... desperate bargaining?
60) 5) dialog: (realizes who it is, fights to stay composed) Mr... Wilson?
60) 7) text: Deadpool brings the sword closer to the recruiter's face. Turns to CAMERA:
60) 13) dialog: And I pride myself on being persuasive.