9) 24) dialog: There are no stupid questions.
9) 26) dialog: (suavely)
9) 34) dialog: Probably just row on out to the middle of a lake. Bring along my sax, some tequila, and some Bach.
9) 38) dialog: Definitely. KURT and RAM move into the exiting VERONICA's place. RAM sticks his finger through a piece of pie on J.D.'s pl
9) 43) dialog: It seems to have an open door policy for assholes though, doesn't it?
9) 45) dialog: I'll repeat myself. J.D. gracefully stands, reaches into his coat, and pulls a .357 Magnum. He fires twice at the viewer.
11) 3) dialog: You going to pull a Big Gulp with that?
11) 5) dialog: I've been moved around all my life; Dallas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Sherwood Ohio, there's always a 7-11. Any town, any time, I can pop a Ham and Cheese in the microwave and feast on a Big Wheel. Keeps me sane.
11) 7) dialog: The extreme always makes an impression, but you're right, it was severe. Did you say a Cherry or Coke Slurpee?
11) 11) dialog: Just a humble perk from my Dad's Construction company or should I say Deconstruction company?
11) 13) dialog: My father seems to enjoy tearing things down more than putting things up. Seen the commerical? "Bringing every State to a Higher State."
11) 15) dialog: Everybody's life's got static. Is your life perfect?
11) 19) dialog: I don't really like your friends either.
11) 21) dialog: Maybe it's time for a vacation. The car horn blares again.
14) 47) dialog: Dreadful etiquette. I apologize.
14) 50) dialog: I saw the croquet set-up in the back. Up for a match? VERONICA is simultaneously dismayed and exhilarated. She ready to burst out all her anxieties but instead....
14) 53) dialog: Goddamn, no wonder you looked so mangled when I came through the window. Feminine socks and masculine socks lay crumpled by the ne
14) 56) dialog: That was my first game of Strip Croquet, you know. I thank you.
14) 58) dialog: Well, I don't know. There's something to be said for...Ouch! VERONICA and J.D. are finally revealed, entangled in an artful pose upon J.D.'s gunslinger coat. They warmly kiss VERONICA breaks off to uneasily giggle.
14) 62) dialog: Heather Chandler is one bitch that deserves to die.
14) 64) dialog: A well-timed lightning bolt through her window and Monday morning, all the other heathers, shit, everybody would be cast fucking adrift.
14) 66) dialog: See the condoms in the grass over there. We killed tonight, Veronica. We murdered our baby.
14) 68) dialog: Just saying it's not hard to end a life.
14) 70) dialog: I guess I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
14) 72) dialog: Good plan.
16) 0) text: The sound of a lock being jimmied is heard moments before VERONICA and J.D. burst through the door.
16) 3) dialog: Then let's just concoct ourselves a little hangover cure that'll induce her to spew red, white, and blue. VERONICA opens the refrigerator. J.D. opens the cupboard beneath the sink.
16) 5) dialog: I'm a Pine-Sol man, myself.
16) 8) dialog: Man Veronica, pull the plug on that shit. I say we go with Big Blue. J.D. raises the glass filled with what is now a strange b liquid. VERONICA stares at the glass, scared by her own t
16) 10) dialog: Okay we'll use this. She won't be able to tell what she's drinking. J.D. pulls down a ceramic cup and triumphantly pours the poisonously blue beer glass contents into it. An eerie pa ensues. VERONICA takes out a milk carton and a container juice. She struts back to the counter in anger, icily mut
16) 13) dialog: Yeah, great. They both start coughing harshly.
16) 15) dialog: Chick-en.
16) 17) dialog: I'm sorry. J.D. kisses the back of her neck. VERONICA closes her eye with a grudging smile.
16) 24) dialog: Veronica knew you'd have a hangover. So I whipped this up. Family recipe. J.D. holds out the ceramic cup. HEATHER CHANDLER snorts.
16) 26) dialog: I knew this stuff would be too intense.
16) 30) dialog: Something tells me you picked up the wrong cup.
16) 32) dialog: And your worst enemy.
16) 34) dialog: What are we going to tell the cops? "Fuck it if she can't take a joke, Sarge."
16) 36) dialog: I'm just a little freaked, all right? (a beat)
16) 39) dialog: We did a murder. In Ohio, that's a crime. But if this was like a suicide thing.....
16) 41) dialog: Adolescence is a period of life fraught with anxiety and confusion.
16) 45) dialog: "To me though, suicide is the natural answer to the myriad of problems life has given me."
16) 47) dialog: This is the last thing she'll ever write. She'll want to cash in on as many fifty-cent words as poss.
16) 49) dialog: That only proves my point more. The word is a badge for her failures at school.
16) 51) dialog: "I die knowing no one knew the real me."
21) 10) dialog: Mute!
21) 16) text: What are you talking about? She hated you! You hated her! (to J.D.)
21) 18) dialog: Heather Chandler is more popular than ever now.
21) 20) dialog: Why son, I didn't hear you come in. J.D.'s father FRED DEAN, stands before them, handsome and threatening in a shirt and tie. He is rather malevolently holding a rowing machine.
21) 23) dialog: That was the one with the wheat right?
21) 25) dialog: Thirty Fourth of July fireworks attached to the trunk. Arraigned but Acquitted.
21) 27) dialog: Veronica, Dad. Dad, Veronica.
21) 29) dialog: Jason, why don't you ask your little friend to stay for dinner.
21) 32) dialog: Nice. The last time I saw my Mom, she was waving out the window of a library in Texas. Right, Dad? BIG BUD DEAN stops rowing to grin a You-Think-You're-Toug Than-Me-But-You're-Not smile to J.D.
26) 0) text: HEATHER CHANDLER serenely lies in a coffin as FATHER FAUS bellows off-screen. A panorama of ADULTS and STUDENTS is revealed at this more social than spiritual event. VERONI and J.D. watch from the back pew.
28) 10) dialog: What is this shit?
28) 14) dialog: Another fucking Heather. (harshly laughs)
28) 17) dialog: Our love is God. Let's get a Slurpee. J.D. solemnly reaches toward VERONICA. She, less solemn, takes his hand. Their bodies disappear over the hill.
31) 4) dialog: Get crucial. We won't be using blanks this time.
31) 6) dialog: Do you take German?
31) 8) dialog: These are Ich Luge bullets. My grandfather snared a shitload of them in W.W. Two. They're like tranquilizers only they break the surface of the skin, enough to cause blood, but not any real harm.
31) 10) dialog: We shoot Kurt and Ram. Make it look like they shot each other. By the time Kurt and Ram regain consciousness, they'll be the laughingstock's of the school. The note's the punchline. How'd it turn out? VERONICA clumsily extracts the note from her purse. She a plucks out the crumpled yellow sample of Kurt's handwriti the opening note-forge scene. She proudly displays both papers.
31) 12) dialog: (warmly)
31) 15) dialog: Exquisite, but I don't think ununderstanding is a word.
31) 17) dialog: (rapid-fire)
31) 20) dialog: It doesn't work on small animals!
31) 22) dialog: Uh well hey, let's take a look at the homosexual artifacts I dug up. Now, prepare to be a little disappointed. J.D. lifts up a feminine shopping bag and gently dumps th contents on the bed.
31) 23) dialog: We've got a Playgirl, a candy dish, a Joan Crawford post card, and lipstick.
31) 25) dialog: You know it. Oh man, I almost forgot. The one perfecto thing I picked up... J.D. reaches in both his coat pockets and triumphantly raises out two bottles of Perrier water.
31) 26) dialog: Perrier water!
31) 28) dialog: This is Ohio. If you don't have a brewsky in your hand after dark you might as well be wearing a dress.
31) 30) text: Oh, you're so smart. How about a little heterosexuality before we go? J.D. laughs then climbs onto VERONICA for a hugging kiss.
33) 13) dialog: Three. J.D. almost non-chalantly shoots RAM in the forehead. VERONICA rips out her gun and swings it toward KURT. Usin both hands, she fires, but misses completely. KURT runs away onto the path. VERONICA throws down her gun with a s
33) 15) dialog: Did you miss him completely?
33) 18) dialog: Don't move! I'll get him back! VERONICA's laughter cuts off like a faucet. Suddenly trem and confused, she watches J.D. bolt into the woods.
33) 24) dialog: Now! In a burst of frightened, animal instinct, VERONICA whips around and fires her gun right into KURT's chest.
33) 32) dialog: Remember he's left-handed. A quivering VERONICA puts the gun in KURT's left hand.
33) 41) dialog: Faster!
35) 3) dialog: Of course. VERONICA tugs out the car lighter and savagely brands the of her hand. J.D. hurdles into the front seat and bats th lighter away. He lights a cigarette off the scorched fles of VERONICA's hand as she wails away.
35) 5) dialog: You believed it because you wanted to believe it. Your true feelings were too gross and icky for you to face.
35) 7) dialog: Did to.
35) 9) dialog: Did to.
35) 17) dialog: Football season's over, Veronica. Kurt and Ram had nothing to offer the school but date-rapes and A.I.D.S. jokes.
36) 3) dialog: How do you think Mr. Kelly would react to a son with a limp wrist with a pulse? They quietly laugh. VERONICA sees a LITTLE GIRL staring a She is wearing Kurt's football jersey and her face is soa in tears. VERONICA's smile turns into a nauseated grimace
38) 20) dialog: I was just making it more special.
38) 29) dialog: Greetings and salutations.
39) 0) text: VERONICA beams and babbles over the room while on the cou J.D. restlessly works his channel changer.
39) 2) dialog: She wants to ignore the high school experience. Our way's better. We scare people into not being assholes.
39) 4) dialog: You mean the time you blew Kurt Kelly's ass away! VERONICA throws the first thing she can get her hands on, framed picture of a woman, at the roaring J.D.
39) 6) dialog: (looking off)
39) 15) dialog: Never given the matter much thought. Liked my mother. J.D. picks up the framed picture that Veronica threw.
39) 16) dialog: They said her death was an accident. But she knew when the explosives were set to go off. She knew... VERONICA slowly sits down next to J.D. with dazed concern
39) 18) dialog: Our sins? What sins? If you put a Nazi in a concentration camp, does that make you a Nazi?
39) 20) dialog: Whoa! Amazing!
39) 25) dialog: It's the new BigFun video!
40) 6) dialog: We've made MTV. J.D. fires into the radiant image of BIGFUN, destroying t T.V. and disgusting VERONICA, who bolts off the couch. He raucously crawls after her.
40) 8) dialog: Wha-at? Come on, there's another T.V. in the kitchen. You know you used to have a sense of humor. J.D. playfully tackles VERONICA. This calms rather than a She turns on her back. J.D. follows suit.
40) 10) dialog: Our relationship's moving fast, I know, but I have real, real respect for you. VERONICA sighs, then rolls over into a crawling position eventually into a walking-out-the-door position.
40) 12) dialog: Phase my ass! You'll be back! I'm storming Normandy beaches and you're running in place with Pauline Fonda's airhead peacenik exercise program. Have to stay tough! You'll be back. J.D. bounds up to a kitchen counter and flicks on a small BIGFUN can be heard booming their song. J.D. broods.
41) 0) text: J.D. moves to an empty row of desks. He turns the first d to face the second. HEATHER DUKE warily lowers herself in second desk as J.D. flops a manilla envelope onto it. HEA DUKE opens the envelope and pulls out a stack of 8 by 10' She gasps. The first shot shows a YOUNG HEATHER DUKE in a summer cam uniform that vibrantly reads HEATHER, She is holding one of a large poster board drawing of two Eskimos rubbing no Holding the other end, in a summer camp uniform vibrantly reading MARTHA, is a YOUNG MARTHA DUNNSTOCK/DUMPTRUCK.
41) 4) dialog: Oh, I just had the nicest chat with Ms. Dumptruck. Got along famously! It's scary how everyone's got a story to tell....Would you care to see the canoeing shots?
41) 6) dialog: Strength. Westerburg doesn't need mushy togetherness, it needs a leader. Heather Chandler was that leader but...
41) 8) dialog: I think you can. In Catcher in the Rye Holden says his ideal job'd be making sure some kids don't fall off a cliff. He doesn't realize if you pay too much attention to the kids, you'll back off the cliff yourself.
41) 10) dialog: Don't worry. I'll ask you to do me a favor. You'll get the negatives and everything back then. J.D. launches away from his desk with a grin. He places a red ribbon on HEATHER DUKE's desk.
41) 11) dialog: In the meantime, strength, And hey, there's a little gift.
42) 0) text: A spooked HEATHER DUKE splashes water on her face and loo into the mirror. In a trance, she pulls her hair back Hea Chandler fashion and ties it with the ribbon J.D. gave he A BETTY FINN-A-LIKE moves up to the sink beside her. Two BABES enter the bathroom with pouting expressions. Seemin in a trance, HEATHER DUKE bends over and wipes off her we hands using the oblivious BETTY FINN-A-LIKE's dress. HEAT DUKE winks to the now-giggling CHIC BABES and saunters of
47) 19) dialog: Holy traumatic experiences, Batman. I'm sorry you felt you had to put yourself through all that shit. I told you it wouldn't...Hey, it's in the past already, right?
47) 22) dialog: Cute. WHITNEY JAMES playfully lets off a Hendrixian riff before coolly leaning over to her microphone.
56) 0) text: Comfortably slouched at a desk, J.D. laconically rumbles.
56) 1) dialog: So it's come to this. (turning to the viewer)
56) 5) dialog: (post-chortle)
56) 6) text: Some teenybopper rag says Big Fun wants to play a Prom. It could be Westerburg's if we can get everyone's John Hancock. J.D. flips across a stack of blank, connected computer pr sheets. At the top is a small paragraph and the word PETI HEATHER DUKE blows ashes off her desk and grabs it, giggl
62) 16) dialog: Wanna go out tonight? VERONICA grimly turns to see a smirking, descending J.D.
62) 17) dialog: Catch a movie? Miniature Golf?
62) 20) dialog: I could be up for that. I've already started underlining meaningful passages in Heather's copy of Catcher in the Rye, if you know what I mean. So are we on? VERONICA somberly steps forward to J.D., grabs his elbows pulls him gently, seemingly for a kiss. She spits in his and bolts down the stairs, calling up to him.
62) 22) dialog: I don't get it! You were wrong! I was right! Strength, damnit! Come back!
64) 0) text: J.D. laconically leans against his motorcycle with his le suavely crossed. He looks up to Veronica's bedroom window hears another whimper emerge. He puts a cigarette in his and lights it with a smile.
64) 2) dialog: "You can't ever find a place nice and peaceful because there isn't any." VERONICA flops around to see J.D. kneeling over her on he reading Heather Duke's copy of The Catcher in the Rye.
64) 3) dialog: Nice. It's got that Catcher-in-the-Ryey- I-hate-the-world-and-the-world-hates-me- so-let's-commit-suicide ambience. Give it a try, underline something. J.D. giddily underlines words then slides into a prone position, tossing the book to an enraged VERONICA.
64) 5) dialog: "You say tomayto, I say tomahto. Let's call the whole thing off...Hold it! VERONICA freezes and J.D. reaches up to her hand where sh holds the Catcher in the Rye. Her index finger is curled the book. Sitting up, J.D. carefully opens the book at th place and peers in.
64) 6) dialog: Look at that. Eskimo. One word. I love it. I usually go for whole sentences myself, but hey this is perfecto. Eskimo. So mysterious...
65) 0) text: The sound of a lock being jimmied is heard moments before VERONICA and J.D. burst through the door. J.D. moves to t dishwasher and opens it like a burglar opening a safe.
65) 2) dialog: (pulling out the knife)
65) 6) dialog: What in the hell do you think I'm doing? Taking out her tonsils?
65) 8) dialog: How's this? Can you see your fucking reflection? She can and so can the viewer. Tears well in VERONICA's e She begins to shudder, a shattered smile quaking on her f
65) 11) dialog: (laughing)
65) 12) text: You don't get it, do you? Society nods its head at any horror the American teenager can think to bring upon itself. We don't need gloves and does anyone really care about exact handwriting? J.D. tears his gloves off with a giggle. He takes a pen f the kitchen counter and paper from a cutesy memo pad. He shoves the pen in VERONICA's hand and grabbing her hand, forces her to scribble LIFE SUCKS on the paper.
65) 13) dialog: Perfecto. Man, I've even got a marked-up Catcher in the Rye. What else does a suicide need? J.D. pulls out the copy of the Catcher in the Rye and ope door revealing HEATHER DUKE, asleep in an artful pose on couch, MTV images from the T.V. flashing against her.
65) 14) dialog: (raising the knife)
70) 0) text: J.D. remains laconically leaning against his motorcycle w his legs suavely crossed as he was before Veronica began dreaming. J.D. finishes his cigarette and pulls out a gun checks the bullets, puts the gun back in his coat, and he toward the house.
71) 0) text: J.D. leans a ladder against the Sawyer house.
73) 3) dialog: I can't believe you did it. I was teasing. I loved you. Sure, I climbed up here to kill you, but first I was going to try and get you back. With amazing petition. J.D. throws the gun on the bed and pulls from his coat th computer printout sheet petition, then savagely rolls it on the floor. It is filled with signatures of different sizes, styles, and colors. J.F.K. blinks.
73) 4) dialog: It's a shame you can't see what our fellow students really signed. J.D. flicks open a switchblade. He runs the blade beneath the typed paragraph at the top causing it to peel off, reavealing another typed paragraph.
73) 5) dialog: Listen. "We students of Westerburg High will die. Today. Our burning bodies will be the ultimate protest to a society that degrades is. Fuck you all." Not that subtle but neither's blowing up the school. Talk about your suicide pacts. When our school explodes tomorrow, it's going to be the kind of thing that infects a generation. A Woodstock for the 80's. Damn, we coulda toasted marshmallows together.
74) 0) text: J.D. tools with a bomb at his desk. A KNOCK on the door. turns down his stereo (and the Montage music).
74) 2) dialog: Sorry tiger, I'm a little busy.... J.D. turns back up his stereo (and the Montage music).
77) 21) dialog: I knew that loose was too noose! I mean, noose too loose! Goddamn you!
77) 24) dialog: You didn't say Simon Says. J.D. suddenly kicks out into VERONICA's stomach, doubling over and causing her to drop the gun. J.D. gracefully retrieves it.
77) 27) dialog: Live by the sword... VERONICA swings her left arm up knocking J.D.'s gun hand upward. She then sails her right fist into his face. The annoys him more than it hurts him but J.D.'s momentary lo composure allows VERONICA to come in with another much ha right hook. The blow sends J.D. stumbling back against th boiler room, jarring the gun loose. They simultaneously lunge for the gun. VERONICA, having t better grip, pulls so forecfully that after wrenching the from J.D., she loses control of it, flinging it down the VERONICA pops up to retrieve it but J.D. moves his legs scissors-style around her and trips her.
77) 30) dialog: You think just because you started this thing, you can end it? J.D. violently kisses/bites VERONICA. While kissing, VERO sees a fire alarm on a nearby wall. She closes her eyes t savagely knees J.D. in the groin. VERONICA bolts to the a and pulls it down. Nothing happens. J.D. gasps.
77) 31) dialog: You, really didn't think I'd, forget, forget, to disconnect the.... VERONICA rockets her body down and picks up the gun. J.D. grabs her and throws her against the steel boiler room do A jostled VERONICA raises the gun. J.D. howls then bounds toward VERONICA, causing them both to careen down the ste steps of the boiler room. At the same time, he inadverten kicks the gym bag/bomb down along with them. The gun spin from VERONICA's hand and slides away. The bomb flies out the bag onto the boiler room floor. A digital clock on the bomb clicks on at 5:00....4:59....4:58...
77) 35) dialog: Fuck you! Seething, VERONICA shoots up at J.D. blowing off "the fin Shrieking in pain, J.D. drops the knife to hold this sudd geyser of blood. VERONICA achingly stands, pointing the g The bomb clicks down to 2:25.
77) 37) dialog: You want to wipe the slate clean as much as I do. Okay, so maybe I am killing everyone in the school because nobody loves me. You have a purpose though! Remember? Let's face it, the only place different social types can genuinely get along with each other is in heaven. VERONICA fires the gun at J.D.'s feet. The bomb clicks to
77) 39) dialog: You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school was society. Is that deep or what? I'll let you put it in your diary, babe. Free of charge.
77) 41) dialog: Just push the red button twice. That's what stops it. If that's what you want, babe?
77) 43) dialog: What? VERONICA fires the gun twice into J.D.'s throat. Coughing moaning, he splatters against a generator.
77) 48) dialog: Color me impressed. J.D. stands starkly in the distance before her, blood spu from his throat onto his gunslinger coat. He painfully sp through his assasinated vocal cords.
77) 49) dialog: You really fucked me up, Veronica.
77) 52) dialog: You've got power, Veronica. Power I didn't think you had. The slate is clean. J.D. pulls open his coat revealing that the bomb is attac his torso. The green light is on and the clock says 00:10
77) 53) dialog: Pretend I did blow up the school. All the schools. Now that you're dead, what are you gonna do with your life? VERONICA takes the unlit cigrette from her blazer pocket puts it in her mouth. She then folsd her arms.