17) 0) text: At the head of a long conference table is the bearlike PRINCIPAL GOWAN. Circling the table is the gray-haired bu savvy MRS. POPE, the black counselor PAUL HYDE, the yuppi teacher KEVIN STAPLES, and most noticeably, the eccentric dressed MS. PAULINE FLEMING. Coats are in chairs and ciga smoke is in the air, as the group batters their way throu morning mourning conference.
17) 6) dialog: (dramatically cutting in)
17) 9) dialog: The school, meaning both students and teachers, must revel in this revealing moment. I suggest we get everyone into the cafeteria and just talk. And feel. Together.
18) 0) text: The desks of the classroom have been maneuvered into an amusingly chaotic position by PAULINE'S PUPILS. She is fu
18) 1) dialog: I said a circle you imbeciles! Forget it! Just sit down. I'm just so thrilled to be given an example of everything I've taught you. That example is Heather Chandler. I have the note! PAULINE melodramatically lifts the suicide note. The clas
18) 3) dialog: I'll pass the suicide note around the room so you can feel its tragic beauty for yourself. Let us share together the feelings the suicide has spurred in us all. Who wants to begin?
18) 5) dialog: Now, now, we're not here to rehash the coroner's report. Let's talk emotions.
18) 8) dialog: That's very good Peter. VERONICA lets out a laugh that she disguises as a sob by putting her hands over her face.
18) 9) dialog: Dear Veronica, Heather was your soulmate.....Share.
34) 0) text: Another morning mourning conference. The participants loo little more frazzled. PAULINE sits at the head of the tab
34) 3) dialog: Shut up. The elderly MRS. POPE shakes her head at the suicide note
34) 5) dialog: Will you shut up! We were in a similar position Monday and I thoughtfully suggested that we get the students together for an unadulterated emotional outpouring. You took the suggestion as an opportunity to play yet another round of "Let's laugh at the Hippie."
38) 5) dialog: Peter, kill the jukebox. As the jukebox amusingly grinds to a halt, PAULINE hoists a bullhorn to her lips and crackles...
38) 6) dialog: Could I have your attention? A startled Geek RODNEY splatters milk all over himself. STUDENTS whip their heads around to the front of the cafe MARTHA DUNNSTOCK/DUMPTRUCK warily looks up from her plate PAULINE FLEMING chants with soaring self-importance.
38) 7) dialog: Our school has been torn apart by tragedy. I'm here today to fuse it back together through love! I want everyone to clasp hands. We need to connect this cafeteria into one mighty circuit. Let's begin a new happiness! A tableau of dumbfounded STUDENTS stare at the Bullhorn W
38) 10) dialog: Yo, what's the problem? I know you know how to hold hands. Ring-around- the-rosy-a-pocketful-of-posy...Forget it! I'm just so thrilled to announce that Whitney James of WETC News is taping a rap session with students from area high schools including Westerburg. Cheers raucously emerge from the enlivened students.
38) 11) dialog: Let's show the world Westerburg is a diverse happy home, not Suicide Central! (shrewdly)
38) 12) text: You know there's some people who say Westerburg is too weak and wimpy a school to be on T.V. Is that true? The STUDENTS make loud, scattered rumblings of the word " PAULINE hungrily unbuttons her paisley blazer.
38) 13) dialog: No or Hell No?
38) 16) dialog: I can't hear you.... Fingering her bangs in an attempt at composure, VERONICA into the cafeteria and her fellow students boom.
38) 21) dialog: Veronica, there you are! VERONICA spins to an electric PAULINE FLEMING glistening mouth of the cafeteria, flanked by HEATHER DUKE and PETER
38) 22) dialog: You people are in charge of getting delegates from every clique in the school to be on the Whitney James Teenage Suicide Prevention T.V. Special. Let's be able to say we were the ones who put peer pressure out to pasture. J.D. looks out through the cafeteria. He sees Martha poke head out from beneath her lunch table then dart back unde J.D. moves away from the chattering group.
38) 24) dialog: I'm sure you'll work something out.
47) 8) dialog: Everyone take their places on the stage! (to Veronica)
47) 11) dialog: What, the wine? I realize you're all under 21, but it seemed like such a perfect touch. (shouting upward)
47) 14) dialog: Our schools have been torn apart by tragedy. Let's fuse them back together through love. Let's clasp hands and connect ourselves in one mighty circuit like a dove. The students sthereally reach out to each other and clasp hands. VERONICA quivers for a moment then bursts through a handholding HEATHER DUKE and HEATHER MCNAMARA and off t
47) 15) dialog: Let's begin a new happiness... VERONICA swaggers past a seated TECHNICIAN. He pushes up console lever causing the outer edge of the stage, where circle of hand-holding students is, to slowly spin around the singing PAULINE and the strumming WHITNEY JAMES.
47) 16) dialog: ...with no more suicide...
47) 20) dialog: No more problems.... Devastated,  VERONICA sways back toward the TECHNICIAN's
77) 0) text: Typically hectic start-of-another-day-opening-and-slammin locker-action. VERONICA darts through the thoroughfare to A passing PAULINE FLEMING screeches to a halt, grabbing V as she chokes on some styrofoam cup coffee.
77) 1) dialog: Veronica! J.D. told me you committed suicide last night!
77) 3) dialog: We have to talk.  Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make.