5) 32) dialog: Come on people, let's give that leftover lunch money to people without lunches! Those tater tots you threw away today are a delicacy in Africa! They're Thanksgiving dinner!
5) 68) dialog: Dennis, my man, run over to Mickey D.'s and get me a Big Mac and some fries.
5) 70) dialog: Hey, even Bob Geldof's got to eat. If it makes you feel better, bag the fries, and nab yourself an Apple Pie.
8) 21) dialog: A dime increases the time! A buck brings good luck! Hi Veronica. A five keeps the neighborhood alive! A ten and you die without sen! HEATHER CHANDLER wings a twenty dollar bill into the cash
18) 7) dialog: Heather and I used to go together, but she said I was boring. I realize now I wasn't really boring. She was just dissatisfied with her life.
21) 8) dialog: The day I won her that stuffed rhino at the 4-H Fair, she said to me....
26) 7) dialog: Dear God, make sure this never happens to me. I do not think I could handle suicide and that's the God's honest truth. Pardon the pun. Fast-early-acceptance- into-an-Ivy-League-school-and- please-let-it-be-Harvard. Amen. PETER flees and RAM uncomfortably takes his place.
29) 0) text: In a cluttered school workshop, Editor DENNIS and a YEARB GIRL, wearing a BIGFUN T-shirt, confer over a layout shee Dennis's Famine Fund partner PETER DAWSON pouts behind th
29) 2) dialog: Great. Heather gets the headline and I get crammed in by the Taco Bell coupon. VERONICA breezes in.
29) 17) dialog: Shut up, Courtney.
29) 19) dialog: (gesturing to the door)
29) 22) dialog: I rarely listen to Neanderthals like Kurt Kelly bu-ut he said you were bent over like a coffee table with Kurt going in one end and Ram coming in the other. Pardon the pun.
29) 24) text: Pardon the pun. Son-of-a-bitch. Dizzy, VERONICA hands a clump of dollar bills to PETER.
38) 23) dialog: Westerburg? A happy family?
46) 2) dialog: Veronica, I thought we lost you.
46) 4) dialog: Teens talking it out on T.V.! Would it be pretentious of me to attach a videocassette of the show on my Princeton application?
46) 7) dialog: This is excellent, but I thought we were going to get equal representation on this thind: Geeks, Gearheads... Out of nowhere, a bubbling HEATHER DUKE knots a pink armb around PETER's arm with a giggle.
66) 0) text: In speeded-up imagery, DENNIS, PETER, and the YEARBOOK GI manuever pictures of HEATHER CHANDLER, KURT, RAM, and HEA DUKE in mind-bogglingly countless ways in order to accomo them all on the same two page layout.