1) 0) text: VERONICA SAWYER, a sullen seventeen year old beauty is jogging down a suburban street in a stylish running outfi Evocative female voices can be heard, softly wailing.
2) 0) text: VERONICA lurches into a neighborhood park, running with a increasing sense of desperation. The female voices wail l
3) 0) text: VERONICA whooshes past a series of shops and a movie thea
4) 0) text: Reveling in her own sweat and agony, VERONICA bounds onto the lawn of her impressive upper middle class home. She painfully rushes closer and closer to the front door the female moans swell to a deafening summit. The evocati wailing cuts off as she grabs the doorknob.
4) 2) dialog: Heather told me she teaches people Real Life. Composed and unsweaty, VERONICA fingers her bangs in the mirror then rambles off.
5) 0) text: Continuing her narration, VERONICA glides through a bustl high school hallway with a frozen smile.
5) 1) dialog: She said Real Life sucks Losers dry. If you want to fuck with the eagles, you have to learn to fly.
5) 3) dialog: I said so you teach people how to spread their wings and fly. She said Yes.
5) 5) dialog: I said You're Beautiful. A sudden off-screen bark from HEATHER MCNAMARA causes the to recklessly rocket across the written words.
5) 7) dialog: What's your damage, Heather? You ruined my...
5) 10) dialog: Okay, I'm going, I'm going. Jesus...
5) 12) dialog: (submissively)
5) 15) dialog: Shit, Heather. I don't have anything against Martha Dunnstock.
5) 17) dialog: I'll think about it.
5) 36) dialog: (low key sarcasm)
5) 39) dialog: Ouch....the lunchtime poll. So what's the question?
5) 43) text: I forgot. VERONICA and HEATHER CHANDLER briskly bop away from the t as a wounded HEATHER DUKE retreats to The Catcher in the
5) 44) dialog: Hey, this question wouldn't be that bizarro thing you were babbling about over the phone last......
5) 47) dialog: Betty Finn. Gosh..... VERONICA crouches down, embarrassed and rueful.
5) 48) dialog: I'm really sorry I couldn't make it to your birthday party last month.
5) 50) dialog: Don't say that.
5) 52) dialog: I was talking with someone!
5) 63) dialog: Wake up. In two days, Earth's going up like a Roman Candle. Crab Nebula City.
5) 66) dialog: You're beautiful.
5) 73) dialog: (submissive)
5) 80) dialog: Doesn't it bother you that everyone in the school thinks you're a pirahna?
5) 82) dialog: Pretend you're a missionary saving a colony of cootie victims.
5) 91) dialog: What about you Rodney?
5) 96) dialog: If you're going to openly be a bitch.... VERONICA again catches sight of the JAMES DEANESQUE GUY. He wraps his fingers around an egg and unfolds them back. The egg is gone. He smiles. VERONICA smiles back. Her trance is broken by a boisterous HEATHER MCNAMARA and HEATHER DUKE who careen into the two pollsters.
5) 101) dialog: Damn..
6) 0) text: VERONICA and HEATHER CHANDLER march into the school parki lot toward four HEAVY METALERS (one female) hanging out o car hood. The girls' conversation is heard in voice-over.
6) 1) dialog: ..you Heather. Deep down all teenagers are the same. Didn't you see The Breakfast Club?
7) 0) text: In a dark, smoky hallway, VERONICA and HEATHER CHANDLER cough toward a batch of STONERS in tattered forms of dres
8) 0) text: VERONICA and HEATHER CHANDLER click-click across the scho library floor to where an ALL-OUT NERD studies in solitud
8) 17) dialog: Don't tell me. Crest would be stained with loserness.
8) 24) dialog: I'm sorry? What are you oozing about?
8) 26) dialog: (slapping her knee)
9) 0) text: Combing their hair in the bathroom mirror, the HEATHERS speak in comically whining-and-pathetic imitations of Mar Dumptruck as VERONICA shakes her head with a half-smile.
9) 5) dialog: A true friend's work is never done. VERONICA reveals her right index finger is cut noticeably short, then walks over to the stalls.
9) 9) dialog: Maybe you should see a doctor.
9) 12) dialog: Geez, don't listen to them.
9) 16) dialog: Well, you better move Holden out of the way or he's going to get spewed. HEATHER DUKE puts down her book and opens her mouth. VERONICA sticks her finger in.
9) 19) dialog: Give me the clipboard. As VERONICA walks off, HEATHER MCNAMARA oinks out some am sexual noises.
9) 21) dialog: Hello Jason Dean.
9) 23) dialog: No, a Veronica. Sawyer. This may seem like a stupid question....
9) 25) dialog: If you inherit five million dollars the same day aliens tell the earth they're blowing us up in two days, what would you do?
9) 35) dialog: How very. HEATHER CHANDLER breaks VERONICA's daze of admiration.
10) 3) dialog: No way. He used blanks. All J.D. really did was ruin two pairs of pants...Maybe not even that... (giggling)
10) 6) dialog: Never say never.
10) 18) dialog: Give it up girl! As her friends howl, HEATHER DUKE slams her ball out of t flower bed. The ball bounces off a tree and amazingly goe through a wicket. HEATHER DUKE squeals in delight.
10) 23) dialog: (missing her shot)
10) 31) dialog: All right. VERONICA sinks into the empty middle deck chair.
10) 33) dialog: I don't know, it was okay, I guess.
10) 35) dialog: I guess.
10) 37) dialog: Maybe. There's kind of a dark horse now in the running.
10) 40) dialog: (smiling)
10) 45) dialog: Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
11) 0) text: A Volkswagen Cabriolet pulls up in front of a 7-11 with HEATHER CHANDLER at the wheel. VERONICA pops out of the car, into the store. HEATHER CHANDLER clamors to her.
11) 4) dialog: No, but if you're nice I'll let you buy me a Slurpee. You know your 7-11speak pretty well.
11) 6) dialog: Really? That thing in the caf today was pretty severe.
11) 8) dialog: I didn't. Cherry. VERONICA smiles at her Coolness. J.D. returns the smile.
11) 10) dialog: Great bike. HEATHER CHANDLER sounds her car horn with a grimace. VERONICA glares at her then turns back to J.D.
11) 12) dialog: I don't know. Should you?
11) 14) dialog: Time out....Jason Dean. Your Pop's Fred Dean Construction. Must be rough. Moving place to place.
11) 16) dialog: (gently joking)
11) 17) text: Sure, I'm on my way to a party at Remington University. VERONICA grows serious as the car horn sounds again.
11) 18) dialog: It's not perfect. I don't really like my friends.
11) 20) dialog: It's like they're just people I work with and our job is being popular and shit.
12) 0) text: DAVID, Heather Chandler's fine looking college beau, lead VERONICA and HEATHER CHANDLER into a cramped, eclecticall tacky dorm room. Music pounds the door. The semi-handsome BRAD leans aainst a desk while a WHININ STUDENT talks with COED ONE who sits on the floor.
13) 0) text: The viewer is taken back and forth from a shattered post- VERONICA to the traumatic dormitory party itself. The sob monocled VERONICA writes at her desk.
13) 1) dialog: Dear Diary, I want to kill and you have to believe.....damn pen! VERONICA frenziedly scribbles, trying to get her pen to w She throws the pen across the room and pulls out another.
13) 2) dialog: You have to believe it's for more than selfish reasons. More than a spoke in my menstrual cycle. You have to believe me.
13) 5) dialog: (dealing with a jerk)
13) 8) dialog: Gee, thanks.
14) 11) dialog: Ever since Phil Collins did that MTV anti-drug commercial I refuse everything.
14) 13) dialog: Jeez, right, then why don't I do drugs?
14) 16) dialog: Seventeen is the last year Mom buys the Twinkies. When you make the jump from working weekends at Pizza Hut to thirty years at I.B.M., you lose something. Not innocence--power. J.F.K. the cat jumps onto the Diary.
14) 17) dialog: 
14) 19) dialog: Christ, I can't explain it, but I'm allowed an understanding that my parents and these Remington University assholes have chosen to ignore. I understand I must stop Heather.
14) 25) dialog: Hey really, I don't feel so great.
14) 27) dialog: I have a little prepared speech I give when my suitor wants more than I'd like to give him.... Gee Blank, I had a nice....
14) 29) dialog: You don't deserve my fucking speech! VERONICA yanks up her coat from beneath BRAD on the bed causing him to slide off onto the floor.
14) 34) dialog: Heather, I feel awful, like I'm going to throw up. Can we jam, please?
14) 37) dialog: Betty Finn was a true friend and I sold her out for a bunch of Swatchdogs and Diet Cokeheads. Killing Heather'd be like offing the Wicked Witch of the West. Or is it East? West! I sound like a psycho. Tomorrow I'll be kissing her aerobicized ass but tonight let me dream of a world without Heather. A world where I am free.
14) 41) dialog: You goddamn bitch! The flickering flames cast HEATHER CHANDLER in a demonic
14) 43) dialog: Lick it up, baby. Lick. It. Up.
14) 48) dialog: (exhaling deeply)
14) 51) dialog: Sure. But I'm Blue.
14) 54) dialog: I've always treated Heather's teen queen power plays as bullshit..... As VERONICA quiveringly pauses, a stylish blouse and a rugged shirt are revealed mingling by another wicket.
14) 55) dialog: But I'm really scared. Who am I going to eat lunch with on Monday? I sound like an Afterschool Special. The viewer's viewpoint moves to a dress and a pair of jea resting side by side at another wicket.
14) 57) dialog: You're welcome. It's a lot more interesting than just flinging off your clothes and boning away on the neighbor's swing set. VERONICA'S blue mallet has been staked into the ground. H panties hang on one end, J.D.'s underwear hangs on the ot
14) 59) dialog: What a night. J.D. gently bites in to VERONICA's neck. VERONICA grooves it, closing her eyes tightly.
14) 60) dialog: What a life. I almost moved into high school out of sixth grade because I was some genius. We all decided to chuck the idea because I'd have trouble making friends, blah-blah-blah. VERONICA slides her head down against J.D.'s chest and gracefully rests on his lap. Gently fighting slumber, she murmurs up to J.D., who showers her face with slow kisses
14) 61) dialog: Now blah-blah-blah is all I do. I use my grand I.Q. to figure out what gloss to wear and how to hit three keggers before curfew. Some genius.
14) 63) dialog: Killing her won't solve anything.
14) 65) dialog: Well then, I'll pray for rain.
14) 67) dialog: Hey, it was good for me too, Sparky.
14) 69) dialog: There's a big difference between the most popular girl in the school and dead sperm. They laugh. VERONICA maneuvers herself into a sitting pos
14) 71) dialog: I know exactly what the hell you're talking about and you're right, you don't know what the hell you're talking about. Let's just grow up, be adults, and die.
14) 73) dialog: But before that, I'd like to see Heather Chandler puke her guts out.
16) 0) text: The sound of a lock being jimmied is heard moments before VERONICA and J.D. burst through the door.
16) 1) dialog: (quietly)
16) 4) dialog: What about orange juice and milk? What's the upchuck factor on that? J.D. holds up a bottle of Pine-Sol.
16) 6) dialog: Don't be a dick. That stuff'll kill her. VERONICA and J.D. make queasy eye-contact. VERONICA desce back into the refrigerator with some worked-up enthusiasm J.D. suavely pours bits of various toxic containers (dete scouring powder) into a glass beer mug.
16) 7) dialog: O-kay. We'll cook up some soup and put it in a Coke. Sick, eh? Now should it be Chicken-Noodle or Bean-with-Bacon?
16) 9) dialog: What are you doing? You just can't go.....Besides, she'd never drink anything that looks like that.
16) 11) dialog: Just give me a cup, jerk. J.D. sheepishly pulls down an identical ceramic cup. VERO tears it from him and pours some milk and then some orang juice into the cup.
16) 12) dialog: Milk and orange juice. Hmmmm. Maybe we could cough a phlegm globber in it or something.
16) 14) dialog: No luck? Well, milk and orange juice'll do quite nicely. Quite nicely.
16) 16) dialog: You're not funny. J.D. turns on his heel and slinks away. VERONICA glares d the mess of toxic containers. With both arms, VERONICA cl the toxic containers together and drops beneath the sink them away. J.D. swaggers back into the kitchen as VERONIC back into view.
16) 18) dialog: Bonehead. VERONICA dreamily reaches out to one of the two ceramic c Not the one with milk and orange juice in it.
16) 20) dialog: Morning, Heather. Like a lion, HEATHER CHANDLER rouses herself up.
16) 22) dialog: We both said a lot of things we didn't mean, last night.
16) 31) dialog: No shit, sherlock. I can't believe it. I just killed my best friend.
16) 33) dialog: Same difference. Oh jesus, I'm gonna... VERONICA staggers to a desk. J.D. laughs out of shock.
16) 35) dialog: Stop kidding around. I'm going to have to send my S.A.T. scores to San Quentin instead of Stanford.
16) 38) dialog: It's one thing to want somebody out of your life. It's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup of Drano. VERONICA stares off as J.D. paces like a caged animal. He scopes onto the rubble of the shattered coffee table and Cliff Notes for The Bell Jar plus a magazine proclaiming "THE FALL OF THE AMERICAN TEEN" sticking out from beneath HEATHER CHANDLER's body.
16) 40) dialog: Like a suicide thing?
16) 42) dialog: (calming down)
16) 43) text: I can do Heather's handwriting as well as my own. VERONICA takes some stationery from the desk and begins writing, calling out her words.
16) 44) dialog: "You might think what I've done is shocking..."
16) 46) dialog: That's good, but Heather would never use the word "myriad."
16) 48) dialog: She missed "myriad" on a vocab test two weeks ago, all right?
16) 50) dialog: You're probably right..."People think just because you're beautiful and popular, life is easy and fun. Nobody understood I had feelings too."
16) 52) dialog: That's good. Have you done this before? VERONICA's smile dies as she looks to HEATHER CHANDLER'S
18) 10) dialog: Heather was cool, but cruel. The good looks and bad manners gave her power, but it could not give her happiness. The class stares to VERONICA as the suicide note is passe her. She acknowledges it in horror, passes it on, then co realizing her ability to create truths for a captive audi
18) 11) dialog: She realized the only way she could be happy was to give up her power and the only way she could do that was death. PAULINE cries. The PUPILS applaud. VERONICA queasily smil
19) 3) dialog: Watch it, Heather. You could actually be digesting food.
21) 0) text: Pulling their coats over their wet clothes, VERONICA and HEATHERS come out of the school.
21) 2) dialog: Uh-huh.
21) 9) dialog: You're an asshole! Mute him! VERONICA and J.D. are seen to be crashed on a couch. J.D. pushes a button on the remote control, cutting the sound.
21) 11) dialog: Next channel, darling. The silent image of HEATHER DUKE on a staircase talking i microphone is on the screen.
21) 12) dialog: Heather, how many networks did you run to! Country Club Courtney appears wearing a T-shirt reading B VERONICA takes the remote and turns the sound on.
21) 13) dialog: Oh, I have to hear this.
21) 15) dialog: (muting Courtney)
21) 19) dialog: Yeah. Scary stuff. J.D. suddenly looks away from VERONICA with a mischievous half-smile. He inexplicably calls out.
21) 28) dialog: Hello. VERONICA, with a forced smile, reaches to shaked FRED's h FRED DEAN extends his hand but makes no effort to stop ro hence his hand pulls away from VERONICA. Pop and son laug
21) 30) dialog: (awkwardly standing)
21) 34) dialog: (weakly)
22) 2) dialog: All right.
22) 4) dialog: I don't know, it was okay, I guess.
22) 6) dialog: Maybe.
22) 9) dialog: (smiling)
22) 14) dialog: Greate pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the funeral tomorrow.
26) 11) dialog: Hi. I'm sorry. Technically I didn't kill Heather Chandler but hey, who am I trying to kid, right? I just want my high school to be a nice place. Amen. Did that sound bitchy?
26) 14) dialog: Mourning. Maybe watch some T.V. Why?
26) 16) dialog: Heather, I've got something going with J.D.
27) 22) dialog: All right, but I hope it isn't going to be one of those nights where they get shitfaced and take us to a pasture to tip cows.
28) 9) dialog: Yeah, right, asshole. VERONICA makes her way up a hill, pausing to compassionat stare at RAM on top of a dispirited HEATHER MCNAMARA. KUR intoxicated brain has trouble dealing with the incline. Majestically, J.D. appears at the top of the hill. KURT squints up the hill and falls over backwards.
28) 11) dialog: I'm doing a favor for Heather. A double date. I tried to tell you at the funeral but you rode off.
28) 15) text: I'm sorry. I'm feeling kind of superior tonight. Seven high schools in seven states and the only thing different was my locker combination. We've broke through the peer pressure cooker. So what if we had to kill Miss Popularity.. VERONICA clumsily high heels it up the hill.
28) 16) dialog: So what? Don't smile like that, Jesus!
29) 3) dialog: Hi Guys. I came to check on this week's lunchtime poll topic.
29) 5) dialog: Oh. Sure.
29) 7) dialog: The what?
29) 10) dialog: I don't know. This thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
29) 12) dialog: I'm sorry? I don't get it.
29) 15) dialog: Yeah. And? I left him drunk and flailing in cowshit.
29) 18) dialog: Don't shut up. I'd like to know just what I did.
29) 20) text: Let me show you that lunchtime poll topic, Veronica.
29) 23) dialog: (dazed)
29) 24) text: Pardon the pun. Son-of-a-bitch. Dizzy, VERONICA hands a clump of dollar bills to PETER.
29) 25) dialog: Thanks Pete, for the Famine Fund. PETER cheerfully pockets the cash as VERONICA drifts off.
30) 0) text: VERONICA arousingly speaks into her phone.
30) 1) dialog: Hi, Kurt? This is Veronica Sawyer. I didn't expect to be calling either. I guess my emotions took over. I was wondering if you wanted all those things you've been saying to really happen. It's always been a fantasy of mine to have two guys at once...... Sure, you can write Penthouse Forum. Revealed to be lounging on her bed, J.D. laughs out loud. VERONICA throws a book at him.
30) 2) dialog: That's right, tonight. In the woods behind the school. Don't forget Ram.
31) 3) dialog: I don't get the point of me writing a suicide note when we'll just be shooting them with blanks.
31) 5) dialog: You can't be serious? Hey listen, my Bonnie-and-Clyde days are over. VERONICA drops her gun in revulsion and launches off her With a patient smile, J.D. pulls her back down.
31) 7) dialog: French. J.D. flicks open his gun and pulls a bullet from the cham
31) 9) dialog: So it looks like the person's been shot and killed when they're really just unconscious and bleeding. J.D. nods then stands to pace the room, his mind whirring
31) 11) dialog: First tell me this similarity is not incredible.
31) 13) text: Incredible similarity. VERONICA pulls back the note and reads.
31) 14) dialog: Ram and I died the day we realized we could never reveal our forbidden love to an uncaring and ununderstanding world. The joy we shared in each other's arms was greater than any touchdown. Yet we were forced to live the lie of Sexist- Beer Guzzling-Jock-Asshole.
31) 16) dialog: We don't want to make them out to be too secretly eloquent. Why would the Germans invent a bullet that doesn't kill people? I mean it was World War Two, not a school play.
31) 19) dialog: Neat. Let's try it out on J.F.K. VERONICA swiftly picks up her gun and aims it at the lova tabby entering the room. J.D. rips it away from her.
31) 21) dialog: Oh.
31) 24) dialog: You must have had fun.
31) 27) dialog: Oh come on. Lots of people drink Perrier. It's come a long way.
31) 29) dialog: (mock-seductively)
31) 30) text: Oh, you're so smart. How about a little heterosexuality before we go? J.D. laughs then climbs onto VERONICA for a hugging kiss.
33) 2) dialog: (forced cheerfulness)
33) 5) dialog: I've made a circle on each end of the clearing. Ram, you come over here. KURT steps into the scratched-in-the-dirt circle next to A confused RAM walks past VERONICA and steps into a circl the opposite end of the foggy clearing.
33) 6) dialog: When you get in the circle, strip. The guys pause, then slowly start taking off their clothe
33) 8) dialog: I was hoping you'd rip my clothes off me, sport.
33) 10) dialog: Count of three, guys. RAM giggles in anticipation.
33) 11) dialog: One. KURT finally cracks a smile.
33) 12) dialog: Two. J.D. suddenly moves next to VERONICA holding a gun in his right hand and the feminine shopping bag in his left.
33) 14) dialog: Shucks. J.D. races to VERONICA in a white sweat.
33) 16) dialog: (giggling)
33) 31) dialog: Kurt doesn't look too good.
35) 0) text: VERONICA's car is the lone vehicle in the student parking
35) 2) dialog: We killed them, didn't we?
35) 4) dialog: Ich Luge bullets! I'm an idiot! J.D. drags on his cigarette. School buses are pulling in outside of the parking lot, in front of the school.
35) 6) dialog: I did not want them dead.
35) 8) dialog: Did not.
35) 10) dialog: Did not. J.D. launches into a rapid-fire rendition of "did-to's". VERONICA responds by holding her hands over her ears and singing "We're Off to See the Wizard." J.D.'s "did-to's" get louder causing VERONICA to bang on the horn.
35) 18) dialog: (looking to her burnt hand)
36) 2) dialog: Your son's dead and you love him.
37) 0) text: Still in stylish funeral garb and dark sunglasses, VERONI collapses onto her couch, splaying next to her MOM. The Sawyer T.V. flashes against Veronica's shades.
37) 2) dialog: (deadpan)
37) 6) dialog: That's three things.
38) 0) text: VERONICA lies on the floor next to a Vodka bottle. She drinks out of a Dixie cup as she talks on the phone.
38) 1) dialog: No, it's okay J.D., I just kind of wanted to talk.....Oh, a newsmagazine show on Channel 16. Really? On the suicides. No, sounds great. Bye. VERONICA hangs up and looks to her battered diary lying against the wall. She crawls to the diary and then reache up to her night table to pull down her monocle and a pen. She sucks a cup of Vodka and begins writing.
38) 2) dialog: Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count. Sitting up against her bed, VERONICA continues writing as J.F.K. laps up Vodka from the Dixie cup.
38) 3) dialog: The most popular people in the school are dead. Everybody's sad, but it's a good kind of sad. Suicide gave Heather depth, Kurt a soul, Ram a brain. I gave J.D. shit about the Ich Luge thing but what really frightens me is that I'm not frightened by what J.D.'ll do next. It's God versus my boyfriend and God's losing.... VERONICA drops her head back and closes her eyes, popping out her monocle. She swoons down against the bed onto the floor and curls into a fetal slumber.
38) 19) dialog: Can't you see this is a special moment?
38) 27) dialog: Yes. Yes. We'll work something out. I swear to God. Won't we J.D.?...J.D.?
39) 0) text: VERONICA beams and babbles over the room while on the cou J.D. restlessly works his channel changer.
39) 1) dialog: You shoulda stuck around, jerk. Ms. Fleming wants to redefine the high school experience.
39) 3) dialog: Don't even talk about that stuff! J.D. comically cups his hands together to holler.
39) 5) dialog: You can be so immature!
39) 9) dialog: (mumbling)
39) 14) dialog: Do you like your father?
39) 17) dialog: Let's just...settle down. Ms. Fleming has given us a chance to atone for...
39) 19) dialog: Maybe. J.D. exhales in frustration and changes some more channel
40) 7) dialog: We're breaking up. I am out!
40) 9) dialog: You're getting too cool for me, J.D. I don't know how to talk to you.
40) 11) dialog: I'm going to make this Ms. Pauline thing work. Lines of communication between the cliques. You were a phase....
42) 4) dialog: (chuckling)
42) 7) dialog: I just want to show different kinds of people can get together and it doesn't have to be Vietnam. You don't get treated badly here do you?
42) 9) dialog: Things are going to change, Earl.
42) 12) dialog: Heather. HEATHER DUKE lets go with a small giggle. VERONICA turns face her Heather Chandler-looking friend and her smile di VERONICA violently pushes HEATHER DUKE away and storms of
43) 0) text: Lying on the floor, VERONICA concentrates on her phone. W a deep sigh, she pushbuttons out a number. She pauses, th
43) 1) dialog: Ouch. Your machine's got the most obnoxious beep. Heather, I'm sorry.
44) 0) text: VERONICA's voice drones through HEATHER DUKE's answering VERONICA (O.S./machine)
44) 4) dialog: Is this David? Heather's David? What are you doing....
44) 8) dialog: I'm delirious for the both of you. Can you put Heather on?
44) 12) dialog: Hello, Betty.....
45) 0) text: BETTY FINN hits her ball through a wicket and squeals in delight. VERONICA has a motherly smile on her face.
45) 2) dialog: Don't get cocky, girl. BETTY bends down to shoot then raises her body back up.
45) 4) dialog: That's bullshit. Just shoot. BETTY once again bends and raises.
45) 6) dialog: (warmly)
45) 8) dialog: Betty, your daydreams are a lot better than my realities, believe me. I'm afraid though it's time to get your butt kicked.
45) 11) dialog: It's not my style, okay?
45) 15) text: I've got to get going, Veronica. See you at the studio.
45) 16) dialog: Sure. See ya. HEATHER DUKE walks toward the girls followed by a meander desultory HEATHER MCNAMARA, who picks up a green mallet a fragilely swings it; her early robustness a forgotten mem
45) 24) dialog: So did you call people to tell them how to get to the studio tonight? HEATHER DUKE savagely "sends" HEATHER MACNAMARA's ball in the flower bed.
45) 26) dialog: You're so polluted. Talking down to people, making fake notes.... VERONICA blows her shot.
45) 29) dialog: No, you're wrong. It's not even your turn. The depressed and disoriented HEATHER MCNAMARA, laying against a tree, pipes in.
46) 0) text: In a sleek WETC station hallway, VERONICA SAWYER, a Guest affixed to her heart, holds her hand in a spurting drinki fountain. She watches the water splash her car lighter bu
46) 1) dialog: Ich Luge bullets. I'm such a jerk. PETER DAWSON beams toward her, wearing a Guest Pass.
46) 3) dialog: I was waiting for my friend Betty. VERONICA looks at her watch then joins PETER's march down
46) 5) dialog: Shucks, that's a great idea, Pete. They burst through the studio double doors.
46) 13) dialog: But my name's not...
46) 17) dialog: I'm so sorry. I was led to believe there were going to be different kinds of social and psychological types at this gathering.
47) 3) dialog: The world wants winners, I guess. Not people stained with loserness.
47) 5) dialog: It's all yours, Heather. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go throw up.
47) 10) dialog: But Ms. Fleming, it's just not right.
47) 18) text: Oh yeah... Ripping off her pink armband, VERONICA freezes. Standing the wine and cheese table, gunslinger coat and all, is J. He turns around and raises his wine glass for a gleeful t
47) 21) dialog: Oh yeah. VERONICA slams the lever back down forcing the spinning c of handholding, pink-armbanded STUDENTS to crash to the g around a taken-aback PAULINE and WHITNEY JAMES.
48) 0) text: VERONICA pops out the studio door, running faster.
49) 0) text: VERONICA huffs and puffs into her family room where her M DAD are watching T.V.
49) 2) dialog: Color me educated. I learned high school happiness is for members only, Pauline Fleming wouldn't know reality if it lived in her uterus, and reality's name's Heather James. Also, J.D.'s a major creep.
50) 4) dialog: This condescending junk makes suicide seem like a cool thing to do. Hey kids, make your parents and teachers feel like shit! Get the respect in death you'll never get in life.
50) 7) dialog: Everybody cares for youth but nobody cares about Joey Blow. When that news reporter gets home he'll scream at his son for not mowing the lawn in the right pattern.
50) 12) dialog: I guess I picked the wrong time to be a human being. MOM is embarassed for getting so involved. She meekly gestures to a tray of pate with a compassionate smile.
50) 15) dialog: (repulsed)
51) 0) text: HEATHER DUKE paces the room holding an icepack to her jaw VERONICA is on the ground wiping off her bloodied feet.
51) 1) dialog: I said I was sorry.
51) 3) dialog: You're not funny. Ouch! VERONICA rubs her feet. HEATHER DUKS shakes her head.
51) 6) dialog: Just shut up and turn on the radio. Hot Probs is on.
53) 11) text: VERONICA                because I miss practice when Oh man, she knows we         my Dad visits. My parents listen to this show!         are divorced and stuff and..
54) 1) dialog: Heather told everyone about Heather. HEATHER MCNAMARA is revealed in the front row wearing her cheerleader uniform. To the left, HEATHER DUKE dishes wit some dreamy GUYS. At the back of the classroom, VERONICA, monocle in eye, writes in her diary.
54) 2) dialog: Yes, Dear Diary, I've cut off Heather Chandler's head and Heather Duke's head has sprouted in its place like some mythological thing my eighth grade boyfriend would know about. Heather's even doing the old note trick. A HOMELY GIRL is seen reading a note, glancing to a TYPIC VERONICA takes in the wicked panorama of the classroom.
54) 3) dialog: I did it J.D.'s way. I did it Pauline's way. Nothing's changed. I guess that's Heather's way. And jesus, what about J.D.? I can't get him out of my head. Are we going to the Prom? Or to Hell? And where's Heather going? HEATHER MCNAMARA suddenly rises and walks out of the clas passing a GRUFF TEACHER in a trenchcoat, carrying a brief
55) 9) dialog: What were you trying to do? Sleep?
55) 11) dialog: You're giving your life away to become a goddamn statistic in U.S. Fucking A Today. That's got to be the least private thing I can think of.
55) 13) dialog: If everyone jumped off a bridge, young lady, would you? HEATHER MCNAMARA wipes tears from her eyes and smiles wea
55) 15) dialog: Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
55) 17) dialog: Sure.
62) 2) dialog: Heather? HEATHER DUKE brings down her arms and the petition and tu to VERONICA, revealed to be descending down the steps.
62) 5) dialog: People love you but I know you. Jennifer Forbes told me the petition she signed was to put a jacuzzi in the cafeteria. And Doug Hylton...
62) 9) dialog: Don't talk to me like that.
62) 11) dialog: (queasy)
62) 14) dialog: Heather, why can't you just be a friend? Why are you such a MegaBitch?
62) 18) dialog: (jokingly but caustically)
62) 21) dialog: It's over, J.D.  Over!
63) 0) text: Intensely clutching her schoolbooks, VERONICA walks throu front door into the living room where MOM and DAD sit wit aggressively compassionate faces. VERONICA is a bit confu
63) 1) dialog: Yes? MOM and DAD glance at each other before MOM speaks.
63) 4) dialog: Oh my God.... VERONICA runs off, her mother's voice trailing behind her
64) 0) text: J.D. laconically leans against his motorcycle with his le suavely crossed. He looks up to Veronica's bedroom window hears another whimper emerge. He puts a cigarette in his and lights it with a smile.
64) 4) dialog: Get off my bed, you sick psycho! You think you're a rebel! You're not a rebel! You're a sick psycho! Do you think you're a rebel? Do you think you're a rebel? I wanna know!
64) 7) dialog: Wait a....You're not listening! I'm not on your side.... J.D. obliviously underlines the word then pulls the flail VERONICA up like an enthusiastic camp counselor.
65) 0) text: The sound of a lock being jimmied is heard moments before VERONICA and J.D. burst through the door. J.D. moves to t dishwasher and opens it like a burglar opening a safe.
65) 1) dialog: You're still not listening! I'm not..
65) 4) dialog: (taking the knife from him)
65) 7) dialog: I think I know Heather a bit better than you, okay? If she was going to slash her wrists, the knife would be absolutely spotless. J.D. grabs a dishtowel and vigorously wipes off the knife
65) 9) dialog: Tomorrow someone else will move into her place. That person could be me. (suddenly deliriously defiant)
65) 12) text: You don't get it, do you? Society nods its head at any horror the American teenager can think to bring upon itself. We don't need gloves and does anyone really care about exact handwriting? J.D. tears his gloves off with a giggle. He takes a pen f the kitchen counter and paper from a cutesy memo pad. He shoves the pen in VERONICA's hand and grabbing her hand, forces her to scribble LIFE SUCKS on the paper.
65) 16) dialog: No-o! J.D. hops in the adjoinging room and slams the door. VERO races to the door wailing. She maniacally rattles the doo trying to open the locked door. INT.   AN ANOYNYMOUS T.V. The sound of the rattling doorknob subtly turns into wild African music thundering on the soundtrack as WHITNEY JAM in a T.V. screen, maniacally addresses the viewer. A shin number 4 flashes on and off in the corner.
68) 5) dialog: Heather? Wha...
68) 7) dialog: What are you doing here?!
69) 0) text: Uncurling from the fetal position that she had fallen asl in, VERONICA's tightly closed eyes snap open in a sweat a mother's voice continues to filter through the door. It's been a dream...........
69) 2) dialog: Dear Diary, no one can stop J.D. Not the F.B.I., the C.I.A., or the P.T.A. That is to say, no one but me. I know where J.D. is coming from and where he is heading. He's wrong, but I'm going to teach him what's right. I'm going to stop J.D....If it's the last thing I do. VERONICA leans back in her chair, sweating. She reaches i pocket of a blazer draped over the back of the chair and out the cigarette J.D. had given her eariler in the film. puts it in her mouth unlit then takes it out and puts it in the blazer.
70) 0) text: J.D. remains laconically leaning against his motorcycle w his legs suavely crossed as he was before Veronica began dreaming. J.D. finishes his cigarette and pulls out a gun checks the bullets, puts the gun back in his coat, and he toward the house.
72) 2) text: Veronica! Dinner!
73) 0) text: MOM sets a glass of milk at VERONICA's place, distressed.
73) 9) dialog: Hey Mom, why so tense?
77) 0) text: Typically hectic start-of-another-day-opening-and-slammin locker-action. VERONICA darts through the thoroughfare to A passing PAULINE FLEMING screeches to a halt, grabbing V as she chokes on some styrofoam cup coffee.
77) 2) dialog: Where is he? Where's J.D.?
77) 4) dialog: Get a job. VERONICA storms away to her nearby locker. She swirls her combination and opens it. She glances down the hall and f In the distance, J.D. moves mechanically down the hallway carrying a large gym bag, wearing a Walkman. VERONICA climbs into her locker. She closes it until it i barely perceptibly ajar. J.D. strides past the locker and the Boys bathroom.
77) 11) dialog: Rodney, where's everybody going?
77) 13) dialog: Oh my God, the damn pep assembly....
77) 17) dialog: Rodney, what's underneath the gym? RODNEY (unconsciously) dramatically stops, turns to VERON and says........
77) 20) dialog: May I see your hall pass? J.D. weilds around. A sweating VERONICA moves toward him, pointing the bedroom gun at him.
77) 22) dialog: Like father, like son. A serious-as- fuck bomb in the boiler room that'll set off a pack of thermals upstairs. Okay, so let's start by slowly putting the bomb down on the ground. J.D. looks down at the gym bag already on the ground. He folds his arms and smiles. VERONICA forcefully moves clos
77) 23) dialog: Okay, okay. I knew that. I knew that. Put your hands on your head.
77) 34) dialog: The bomb's gone on, J.D.! How do you turn it off? Tell me! Fully standing, J.D. flicks open his switchblade. He give VERONICA "the finger," screaming in exploded saliva...
77) 36) dialog: It's all over, J.D. Help me to stop it.
77) 38) dialog: How do you turn the fucker off?
77) 40) dialog: The bomb, asshole!
77) 42) dialog: You know what I want, babe?
77) 44) dialog: Cool guys like you out of my life. VERONICA saunters to J.D.'s writhing body.
77) 45) dialog: But babe, don't worry, these here were Ich Luge bullets. J.D. closes his eyes and slumps to the ground. VERONICA t to the bomb and crouches over it. A lit green light is ne a green button. Above it, an unlit red light is next to a button. The bomb's digital clock clicks to 00:17. VERONIC presses the red button twice, turning on the red light an stopping the clock. VERONICA falls back into a sitting position and sorely exhales, tears streaming down her fac
77) 50) dialog: (vertigo city)
77) 54) dialog: Perfecto. J.D. raises his arms in a crucifixion pose as the bomb cl to 0:00. Nothing happens. An annoyed J.D. breaks out of h crucifixion stance and raps the bomb with his palm.
78) 0) text: VERONICA strolls into the school and into a hallway of ho students, some of whom are tearing down Prom banners for thrill of it. HEATHER DUKE rushes up to VERONICA and grim
78) 2) dialog: Yeah, I just got back. VERONICA tosses away the cigarette. She then grabs HEATHE DUKE by the shoulders and forcibly turns her around.
78) 4) dialog: Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town. VERONICA takes off HEATHER DUKE's red ribbon and ties it around the hair of her own head. She kisses HEATHER DUKE the cheek, leaving a black stain. VERONICA calls off.
78) 5) dialog: Hey, Martha, wait up. MARTHA DUNNSTOCK/DUMPTRUCK revealed to be in an electric wheelchair, brakes to a stop and looks to Veronica, confu VERONICA walks up beside her. MARTHA starts up her wheelc and accompanies VERONICA away into a deserted hallway.
78) 6) dialog: My date for the prom kind of flaked out on me, so I thought if you weren't doing anything that night we could go to the video store and rent some new releases or something. Maybe pop some popcorn.
78) 8) dialog: So would I. VERONICA and MARTHA continue gliding down the hall Bogart/Rains style.