9) 1) text: So you ain’t talkin’, huh Doc? Reveal DICK HALLORANN (late 50’s, black) sitting beside h
9) 2) dialog: Weren’t talking much first time I met you, neither. Little boy, set to spend a long winter at that rotten old place, just him and his mommy and daddy -- daddy’s dark as that boy is bright and boy, is he bright -- he’s Shining like fire in the one place - the worst place - for a boy who Shines. (beat) You remember the first time we really talked? When I spoke up inside your head? Danny nods. Dick smiles. And then, Dick keeps talking... his mouth doesn’t move. He speaks IN DANNY’S MIND.
9) 3) dialog: Made you feel good, right? Knowing you weren’t alone?
9) 5) dialog: It wasn’t all him, you gotta know. That place fed his dark, like it fed on your light. And he had some light in him, too. Just like you got some dark. We all got both --
9) 7) dialog: It ever strike you funny, how I showed up when I did? When you needed me? Someone did that for me too. My gramma taught me and I tried to teach you and some day, Danny Torrance, you'll teach someone else-
9) 11) dialog: Reckon it is, sometimes.
9) 13) dialog: You're right. Overlook’s condemned. Boarded up. They’re starving old ghosts and they’re reaching out for you. Won’t stop with her, either.
9) 15) dialog: Thought they was.
9) 17) dialog: Some things, dark things, the Shining’s like food. They're mosquitos, landing for blood. (beat) The Overlook, it was always just pictures to me, but I didn’t Shine like you. Nobody Shines like you. So you, in that damn hotel... you was like a million-watt battery, all plugged in, and it ate it up. You made it real, started soon as you walked through the door.
9) 18) dialog: Can't do nothin’ about that, I’m sorry to tell you but you’re not a child, you're older now, much older in a way, and you gotta hear this. World’s a hungry place and the darkest things are the hungriest and they'll eat what Shines. Swarm it. Like mosquitos, or leeches. (MORE )
9) 19) text: Can’t do nothing ‘bout that. What you can do is turn what they come for against them. Danny looks up at Dick. His old eyes are sad, weary.
9) 20) dialog: My grandfather, he was a mean sonofabitch. Dark inside, same type of dark as your dad. Beat me senseless, and my gramma too, and when he died I danced but he kept on comin’ back. Standing in my room, suit all grey and stinking, from whatever mold was growing on him in that box. One day he grabbed me and he was real. His nails were overgrown, growing long in the grave and they cut me, Doc. Cut me deep. And Gramma... she taught me a trick. Gave me a present. He reaches into his coat, and removes A SMALL METAL LOCKB Very old, rusted. And, a KEY. On a chain.
9) 21) dialog: I want you to know this box. Inside and out. Don’t just look at it; touch it. Stick your nose inside and see if there’s a smell. Know every corner. Every single thing.
9) 23) dialog: Because you’re gonna build one just like it in your mind. One even more special. So next time that bitch comes ‘round, you’ll be ready. (beat) Let’s get you back to momma. Wendy’1l worry and she shouldn’t have to worry another day in her life; that woman’s paid that debt. They stand from the bench, walking back toward the shops. Further out, Wendy is looking wildly around as she SPOTS Danny approaching. She rushes toward him, relieved... We realize DANNY IS WALKING ALONE. DICK IS GONE.
16) 10) dialog: You can put her money back, Doc. You can do that much. He looks up. Dick is standing in the shadows, HIDDEN.
16) 12) dialog: Doc. Dan stares him down. After a moment, tucks the money in h pocket. He turns back, looking at Deenie and the boy. Squints, concentrating. For a moment, a FLASH of -- THE LOCK BOX, with the rusty lock.
16) 13) dialog: Oh no, Doc. You can put things from the Overlook away in boxes, but not memories. Never those. They’re the real ghosts, you take ‘em with you. Dan stares at him defiantly, and walks out the door.
85) 3) dialog: Whoa, hang on, Doc. It’s DICK HALLORANN, barely visible in the moonlight.
85) 5) dialog: Thought I was from the Overlook. Almost locked me up. Still getting visits from them old ghosts?
85) 7) dialog: Do you care?
85) 9) dialog: Has it been a long time? Can’t tell. This world is a dream of a dream to me now.
85) 11) dialog: Last time I saw you, you was at the bottom. You look better now.
85) 13) dialog: I’m here because it all comes ‘round. Ka’s a wheel, Doc.
85) 15) dialog: You listen, son, it hurts to be here so I'll only say it once. If these empty devils ever found you, when you was a tyke - if they’d even sniffed you - you'd be long dead. They’re on the land like a cancer on the skin. Once, they rode camels in the desert; once they drove caravans ‘cross Eastern Europe. They eat screams and drink pain and they've noticed that little girl. Dick approaches. Eyes grave.
85) 16) dialog: They might kill her. Might turn her. Or might keep her til she’s all used up and that’d be worst of all. You can’t let ‘em.
85) 18) dialog: Because she found you. Because she showed up. Hell doc, why me? You just walked on into my kitchen one day, and I’m still on the hook. Some things just are.
85) 20) dialog: Get her what she asked for. Dick turns back, heading back toward the window. Looking at the mountains in the moonlight.
85) 21) dialog: You won’t see me again, Doc. This is my last dream. It seems to me you grew up fine, son. But you still owe a debt. (beat) Pay it. And then the room is empty.