9) 5) dialog: I'm setting up a concern that would  enable those of us in our rarefied  profession to consolidate our efforts.
9) 7) dialog: Like a club. Work less, make more.
9) 9) dialog: We could be working together, making  big money, killing important people...  I'm willing to let you in on the  ground floor.
9) 11) dialog: It's a free-market evolution. You'll  wake up to it... c'mon Kid. We used  to run together when you were a  rookie. I don't want to run against  you. This thing's real. Everybody's  in.
9) 13) dialog: I'm gonna get you, kid. Martin hangs up and pulls away.
24) 0) text: Track light fills the gourmet-rustic kitchen. GROCER stan wearing a burgundy Fila sweat suit, pushing beets into a  vegetable juicer. Next to the juicer are piles of celery carrots, as well. A low-key BLIP is heard from another ro Grocer tops off the glass and takes it out of the kitchen
25) 0) text: Grocer enters the main room of the villa-style A-frame. H moves to an antique oak desk and sits in front of a COMPU
25) 4) text: Grocer leans back in his chair and sips the juice. After moment, the FAX machine on the desk rattles. The computer beeps. "confirmation number of wire transfer#: AJ6687-OI99471" Grocer hits the return button after taking in the number. graphic appears: "Connection is terminated/ Status idle" Grocer's FAX begins to moan and chatter. Grocer raises hi juice glass to the computer in a lazy toast.
58) 10) dialog: moving into the diner.
59) 1) dialog: slides into the booth, across from Martin.
59) 3) dialog: Easy, tiger. A waitress approaches.
59) 5) dialog: I want two eggs poached, hash brown  well-done. English muffin for the  bread. And a coffee.
59) 9) dialog: (re: the omelette)
59) 12) dialog: A little misunderstanding among my  associates. Beat.
59) 13) dialog: I told them to kill you and they  didn't.
59) 15) dialog: But since we're both here, I think  it's time to take a fresh look at  our relationship.
59) 18) text: Look, this is a one-on-one business...  Every time you get to know people,  bad things happen. If it'll make you  feel any better, this is my last  job. So what do you say we put our  guns away and forget the whole damn  thing. Grocer loses it.
59) 19) dialog: Fuck you! No scabs! From now on,  everything's regulated! Long beat as Grocer gets a hold of himself.
59) 21) dialog: Fine. But we're not going to let you  do your job. Because we're gonna do  it. And then, after we do your job,  we're gonna do another little job...
59) 24) dialog: Yeah-- after I shoot you through the  fucking forehead I'm gonna fuck you  in the bullethole.
95) 0) text: Grocer and Company, not in a Ford Passenger Van, veer off onto an exit ramp. Grocer has assembled a team of about n They draw different guns from their kit bags and begin  loading...
101) 0) text: Grocer and Company are parked off to the side, watching  Newberry, in the distance, jog toward them. A SNIPER prep to blow Newberry's head off.
103) 0) text: Grocer spots Martin's car speeding at Newberry.
103) 1) dialog: Oh shit...
106) 0) text: Grocer and company watch in amazement. GROCER'S P.O.V. of Martin's car disappearing into Newberry's long and woo driveway.
106) 1) dialog: That punk is either in love with  that guy's daughter or he has new  found respect for life... Let's go.
108) 0) text: Grocer drops the van into gear and heads toward the drive
109) 0) text: Lardner and McCullers approach the scene. They get within viewing distance in time to see Grocer's Town Car turn in the driveway.
113) 4) dialog: Don't listen to him, he's a  professional. Martin stops short and cocks his head toward Grocer's muf voice coming from the vent. Grocer continues...
113) 5) dialog: You're breaking my heart down here,  Blank. I can't shoot through the  tears. Martin, incensed, bends down and takes the gun from the d man. He runs out of the bedroom, gun poised for a kamikaz firefight...
115) 4) dialog: heads up the back stairs.
115) 6) dialog: hears him and starts back down. Martin dives behind the cooking island just as Grocer com out of the stairwell blasting. They unload at each other Grocer runs a pattern across the kitchen, FIRING at Marti crouched, who BLASTS back. Grocer vaults himself through air toward a serving window from the kitchen to the dinin room, still firing.
115) 9) dialog: Flying through the air disappearing through the shuttered serving window, his flight carrying him past a television that sits on a lazy susan.
115) 11) dialog: ...How about I sell you two rounds  for a hundred grand a piece?
115) 15) dialog: Excellent. Here they come. Grocer pulls two rounds from the clip of his semi-automat and pushes the clip back into the gun. Grocer arcs the TW BULLETS into the air.
115) 17) dialog: begins to rise from his side of the counter, cocking his  gun.
115) 19) dialog: gets off one round before
115) 21) dialog: Body crumpled, neck is snapped, head encased in the shatt picture tube. He is dead.