4) 0) text: The livery weaves out of the arrival lanes at Kennedy air Martin reclines in the back seat, a conversation having  already begun.
60) 2) text: Yes, I'm a pet psychiatrist. I sell  couch insurance. I test-market  positive thinking. I lead a weekend  men's group, actually. We specialize  in ritual killings. I'm hungry, are  you hungry, I'm hungry, oooh, ooh. (sarcastic)
70) 15) dialog: (glancing at Martin's  name tag)
70) 18) dialog: Hello, Bob.
70) 20) dialog: I'm an attorney. I'm with Moss, Brice  &amp; Fromeyer.
70) 22) dialog: Sometimes. I'm in divorce, mainly.  Some property. Some personal injury.
70) 26) dialog: Here. Take my card. Wait a minute...  here's a special one. For top-shelf  clients. Ken hands Martin a Monte Blanc pen with Ken's title and  business address printed on the shaft. Martin reads it an puts it in his kerchief pocket.
78) 0) text: Martin and Debi come out of the Nurse's Office. The post- coital mood is broken as they hear The Human League's "Do You Want Me, Baby?"  blasting from the gym. Martin and De tune in on the song for a moment, unhappy at remembering  that particular moment in pop music history. Debi looks t Martin, something must be done about it.
79) 0) text: Bob and several others from the muscle-to-fat crew play a drunken scrimmage with a papier-mache table ornament foot that is coming unwound. Bob quarterbacks and begins to re a long, complicated, and forgotten play. Martin approache from behind Bob and glides through the ad-hoc line-up,  continuing down the hall. Bob yells "hike" as he stares a Martin, distracted. Bob's rushed upon and sacked. He lets the papier-mache ball drop and crack on the floor.
82) 14) text: Be honest... Bob backs up and lets out a huge, drunken caveman scream, then stops abruptly, and smiles.
83) 0) text: Bob slams through the doors and begins to stumble down th stairs. He encounters Debi, on her way up. He glances at but does not break stride. Debi gives him wide berth, and quickens her pace up the stairs...
84) 0) text: Martin watches the doors swing to a stop. He exhales and  relaxes... AND THEN Spin-pivots on his right heel, as a B from a silenced pistol pierces the space where his head w a split-second before/ As he spins around, his right hand withdraws Ken's give-away pen from his kerchief pocket, p the cap off, and drive the pen up and through the throat his attacker--
90) 1) text: of the Deejay booth. It is empty. He moves over to the bar and joins Ken Aldridge. He motio to the bartender who opens a beer for him.
90) 3) dialog: Nope. They both look around at the last of the reunion.
90) 4) dialog: The more things change, the more  they Goddamned well stay the same.
107) 0) text: Martin pulls up in front and stops. Both men scramble out and head toward the front door at a quick clip. Newberry shaken; Martin seems at ease, at home in his element.