0) 12) dialog: Returns the rifle to the bag, pulls out a driver, moves t the tee and whacks the ball. He watches its path and whis absently...
0) 13) dialog: Hooked it. 
1) 0) text: The outdoor post-golf luncheon area of an elite Texas gol club. Martin sits in on the fringes of a conversation bet a group of executive types. CLUB MEMBER #1 has a Buddha-l peace in his eyes through the philosophical talk.
1) 16) dialog: Tell me about it. Club Member #1 turns to Martin.
1) 20) dialog: Oh I see. You got your individual  slices of hope, dignity, confidence,  self-love, justice, and harmony.
1) 22) dialog: So you eat-- read it everyday?
1) 24) dialog: And these pan pizzas have opened up  the doors to heaven?
2) 0) text: The source of the sirens are almost upon us. Martin walks toward his rented Town Car as the VALET pulls it up. He m the Valet by the trunk, where he trades tip for keys.
2) 1) dialog: He fishes out the laminated "Personal  Pan Power" card, looks at it, and  tosses it onto the ground. Police  cars, now visible in the distance,  wind into the long club driveway.  Martin gets into his car and pulls  away.
3) 0) text: Martin sits in a first class seat, the tray table flipped down. On the left side of the tray is a stack of magazine of all kinds - Sports Illustrated, Mademoiselle, Wired,  Rolling Stone, National Review, Spin, National Geographic and on. He draws one off the top, and flips through it,  impassively taking in images and reading nothing. When he done with one, he discards it into the empty seat next to him and draws another-- Martin's way of instantly and  massively uploading the world around him: Toothless hockey player in triumph, Sony product parade,  crouched starving child with vulture in the background,  supermodel in suede, Tic Tacs, living former Presidents, in arm, smiling, etc.
4) 0) text: The livery weaves out of the arrival lanes at Kennedy air Martin reclines in the back seat, a conversation having  already begun.
4) 2) dialog: Effective. But to tell you the truth,  I've lost my passion for work.
4) 4) dialog: I work alone.
4) 6) dialog: You understand the psychology of the  job.
5) 0) text: The car cuts through the upper east side. Martin and the  Driver exchange looks through the rear-view mirror.
5) 2) dialog: No.
5) 4) dialog: Sometimes I am. Sometimes. It's only  natural.
5) 8) dialog: Okay.
5) 10) text: I am part of what I call a brain  syndicate. No reaction from Martin.
5) 12) dialog: (indicates)
6) 0) text: A sedate and well-appointed four-star suite on the Upper  East Side. Martin stands in front of one of the open wind watching the canopied entrance of an elegant high-rise ac the street. He lifts an eye rinse cup to his eye and tilt it back. A cellular phone RINGS, interrupting him. He mov to the desk and draws one of three phones from his briefc depresses a scrambler module, flips it open, and listens a moment.
6) 1) dialog: If it's not there, I can't proceed.  Tell them. Martin hangs up. Picks up another phone and dials. As he  waits for an answer, he goes to a Fed Ex blueprint tube l on the bed.
6) 2) dialog: Tom. I've been waiting for an answer.  I'm only in town tonight. He breaks the shipping seal and pulls out a series of fin metal parts including a long thin barrel, a scope, and a  silencer.
6) 3) dialog: What's different this time than the  last time? I have to be down front...
7) 0) text: Martin stands in front of the window, phone in one hand, scope in the other. Next to him, the assembled rifle rest across the arm of a chair.
7) 1) dialog: ...I don't bother to call anyone  else because you always take care of  me. He glances over to a second window to his left, which off a view further down the street. He goes to it. He raises scope and sees
7) 3) dialog: Hold on a second, Tom. I got my hands  full here. He sets down the phone and answers the other, still watch the messenger.
7) 4) dialog: Good. Account number 3649367, transfer  to account number 96-546-38739-47825.  Ask for Mr. Sanchez, tell him it's  Mr. Duckman. If there are any  problems, access file 673594638-IO- 98, and look at it. Martin drops the phone and moves away from Window #2 to t rifle. He mounts the scope and he looks out Window #1 at high-rise.
7) 6) dialog: Takes a step back into the shadows of the room, and raise the rifle toward Window #2.
7) 8) dialog: concentrating, tracks the path of the Messenger, leading left to right across the blind spot of the hotel room wal between Window #2 and Window #1.
7) 10) dialog: withdraws from the window, and picks up the phone again a begins to break down the rifle.
7) 11) dialog: Sorry Tom. But look, I know it's the  playoffs. That's why I'm offering a  thousand dollars for one seat... Martin listens patiently as he works.
8) 2) dialog: just finishes packing.
8) 3) dialog: ...Well let me ask you, Tom. What do  I have to do to get courtside tickets  for the Knicks...?
8) 6) dialog: is closing his bag when he hears the gun-thunder.
8) 7) dialog: Never mind. I gotta go. Martin drops the phone, grabs his scope, and spins to the window.
8) 9) dialog: reacts, surprised to see a second shooter. He pulls himse from the window, puts away his scope, and accelerates his exit.
8) 11) dialog: his two parcels in hand, exits out the side door of the h and walks down the street.
9) 0) text: Martin rolls down FDR Drive in a Lincoln Town Car once ag on the cellular.
9) 1) dialog: ...Tell them that's not my problem.  I was paid for one job-- the cyclist--  not two. See you tomorrow, Marcella.
9) 3) dialog: Patch him through.... Martin notices another Town Car appears in the next lane. recognize the Doorman behind the wheel, phone in hand. He GROCER.
9) 4) dialog: What do you want?
9) 6) dialog: Like a union?
9) 8) dialog: Thank you, no.
9) 10) dialog: And you could be... sort of like...  a father figure to me.... Grocer ignores this.
9) 12) dialog: Not me. So don't paw at me with your  dirty little guild.
10) 0) text: Martin sits in first class, wiping his face and hands wit an airline hot towel. He folds the wet cloth and once aga speeds through the images from a thick stack of magazines He looks up as he hears PILOT V.O.  It's seventy-six degr and partly cloudy in Chicago this afternoon...
11) 0) text: Martin walks into a sparsely furnished apartment. He wear drops his carry-on bag and briefcase in the hall.
12) 0) text: Martin sits on a futon couch watching MTV with no sound. the coffee table in front of him is a phalanx of vitamin  bottles. Martin takes some capsules from each and washes  them down with a reddish-orange beverage.
13) 0) text: Martin lies on his back on the hardwood floor. His eyes a closed and he wears a set of headphones as he absently ta his chest.
13) 4) dialog: draws a pre-cut section of the floor, the width of a penc and twice as long, by a string.
13) 6) dialog: concentrates as he applies three drops of blue liquid on thread. As the drops run down along the thread through th floor, his attention shifts to the
13) 9) dialog: adjusts the thread minutely with one hand, and lowers the fiber-optic cable with the other.
13) 14) dialog: (hushed)
13) 16) dialog: stuffs the apparati into an open duffel bag, and flies ou of frame.
14) 0) text: A BODYGUARD sits outside an apartment door. A muffled but dire scream is heard from within and he is on his feet, g in hand. An exit door in the hallway slams open revealing Martin, his gun already pointed at the Bodyguard. The  Bodyguard levels his at Martin.
14) 1) dialog: Freeze! Police! The Bodyguard hesitates just long enough to get double-ta through the head.
15) 0) text: Martin moves silently down the hall in a crouch. He comes the bedroom and slips across the threshold.
16) 0) text: Martin crouches down outside the bedroom door. He points gun at the door, and reaching up turns the knob. As the d opens, the Husky Man FIRES wildly over Martin's head. Mar returns with one shot to the hut which sits the man down the floor.
16) 5) dialog: It's not me. Martin cocks the gun....
18) 3) dialog: Throw that away.
18) 5) dialog: Don't tease me. You know what I do  for a living.
18) 7) dialog: Tedious. I now authorize you to throw  away all personal mail.
18) 9) dialog: And not show it to me. Ever again.
18) 11) dialog: I'll pay. Martin begins to walk past her into his office, but Marce stops him.
18) 13) dialog: I'm not happy.
18) 15) dialog: He didn't.
18) 17) dialog: And they want me to make up for it.
18) 19) dialog: Tell them that's impossible. I need  my normal lead time.
18) 21) dialog: Would you describe their position as  inflexible?
18) 24) dialog: There's nothing to be done about it.
18) 26) dialog: Good. What else? Anything interesting?
18) 29) dialog: Never enough.
18) 31) dialog: I have scruples. Next.
18) 34) text: Time has passed, and Martin still sits at his desk massag his gums with a rubber-tipped dental pointer.
18) 38) dialog: pulls back his jacket lapel and fits the utensil into a p protector that is also home to a toothbrush, emery board, tweezers, and comb. He stands and walks out of his office
18) 41) dialog: See you next week. Martin stops short as he reaches the threshold. He holds the envelope, and stares a dagger through it. On his way  out, over his shoulder...
18) 42) dialog: Tell Dr. Oatman I'm on my way.
19) 0) text: Martin slouches on a leather couch. He holds the mauve  envelope, now open.
19) 2) dialog: It's in Michigan. Honestly, what do  I have in common with those people?  Or with anyone? DR. OATMAN sits in the window. He is Kris Kringle-esque, wears a sheepskin vest, rough-hewn shirt, faded Levis, an old Frye boots. Oatman nods with the suave understanding a man happy to collect fifty thousand in fees before aski a tough question.
19) 4) dialog: Come on.
19) 6) dialog: Shouldn't you be taking notes?
19) 17) dialog: It'll be depressing.
19) 19) dialog: I just know.
19) 21) dialog: They'll have husbands and wives and  children and houses and dogs....  made themselves a part of something.  And they can talk about what they  do. What am I going to say? (sarcastic)
19) 24) dialog: Why not. I trust you. You couldn't  turn me in because of Doctor-Patient  privilege... and I don't want to be  "withholding"... and I know where  you live.
19) 26) dialog: We're both professionals, Oatman.
19) 28) dialog: So you're saying that Ulysses-- everything he said to his queen when  he came back--everything was a lie?  He just wanted to fuck around?
19) 30) dialog: Mmm. Beat.
19) 32) dialog: Uneasy. Dispassionate. Bored. It's  just getting hard to go to work in a  good mood. I'm starting to think  I've been in the business too long.  Last week I did a guy younger than  me.
20) 2) dialog: From the back of the darkened empty church, we see him mo the altar.  A priest in fact.
20) 4) dialog: The church seems to be purging itself  of it's pedophile.
20) 5) dialog: Sits in the back pew of the church, now crowded for Mann. watches the PRIEST lift the chalice into the air, murmur prayer, and drink from it. The Priest collapses behind th altar.
20) 6) dialog: It's a bull market.
20) 8) dialog: Anyway, that never use to happen. I  was always the prodigy. Now I'm just  one of the guys.
21) 1) dialog: If I show up at your door, chances  are you did something to bring me  there. I don't care about that stuff,  anyway.
21) 3) dialog: (dismissive)
21) 6) dialog: If I get antsy I'll kill a few small  animals.
22) 0) text: Very dark. No pictures or plants. Almost no furniture, an what he does have is black. The only sign of life is a CA The cat watches on as Martin sorts through a cardboard bo finally coming to a photo album.
22) 2) dialog: Just a minute.
22) 3) text: A teen-aged Martin Blank: shy boy with a nervous smile. H poses with his mother, an older woman with a kind smile.. but her eyes are dark; aged by a life of work and worry. the opposing page is a gilt funeral announcement that rea
22) 5) dialog: turns the page.
23) 0) text: Martin pulls himself away from the album and the cat foll him, moaning hungrily--
23) 1) dialog: Food soon... Martin opens a restaurant-style refrigerator. It holds va bottles of vitamins, spirulina, wheatgrass, digestible  hydrogen peroxide, fluoride treatment, oxygenated mouth r and thirty cans of CATFOOD.
23) 2) dialog: Tuna or liver?
23) 4) dialog: Tuna it is. He opens a can for the cat and a bottle for himself. Whil the cat eats, he returns to the cardboard box. Finds a  YEARBOOK. Flips it open....
26) 0) text: Martin reclines in first class, soaring toward the Midwes on the red-eye. He has already scanned his magazines and  they are piled in the empty seat next to him. He sets asi a Powerbar. Martin reads Kill Without Joy. After a moment he sets the book down and takes up Iron John.
28) 6) dialog: flips through the dial, pausing on Rush Limbaugh who waxe fascistically.
28) 7) dialog: Mein hero. ...and then turns the dial again and cuts in on "Armagedd Time," slow reggae vibe by The Clash.
29) 0) text: Martin drives down the roadway... headlong into his past. Dig it...
30) 0) text: Martin turns up the volume as he reacts to a familiar  voice....
30) 7) dialog: looking somewhere far away, beyond what is before him in windshield...
30) 13) dialog: still rapt, makes a sharp turn into a shopping district.
30) 18) dialog: slows on a quaint street of cute shops. He creeps up to a storefront on hid right and stops, staring through the  passenger window....
30) 24) dialog: Shaken from his trance by her stare, pulls back into the  street and disappears....
31) 0) text: Martin drives, listening to the radio. He turns the corne with an expectant look on his face. Suddenly his face dro as he slows and pulls over....
31) 2) text: of Martin as he walks with purpose. He halts in the middl of the lot. He puts his hands on his hips, stares, then m in... We stay wide as he enters the store and addresses t clerk inside.
31) 3) dialog: What are you doing here? CARL, the store clerk tries to get a grip on this questio
31) 5) text: Can I help you with something? Martin's head pans the room, processing.
31) 6) dialog: I don't think so.
32) 0) text: Martin continues to gaze at the structure as if it's a lu landscape.
32) 1) dialog: (into phone)
32) 2) text: Dr. Oatman. Dr. Oatman. Please pick  up if you're there... It's Martin  Blank. It's gone. My house. It's not  here. My house is gone and now there's  a 7-11 here... And that's  unfortunate... You can never go home  again, Dr. Oatman. Martin hangs up. He watches one-stop shoppers come and go
32) 3) dialog: (to himself)
34) 2) dialog: That's wonderful, Mom.
34) 4) dialog: It's a place where religious people--
34) 7) dialog: Jim?
34) 9) dialog: It's good to see you. I'm sure you're  curious about what I've been doing.
34) 11) dialog: I imagine that'd be rather difficult.
34) 13) dialog: They told me you're taking lithium,  mom.
34) 15) dialog: You have a headache?
34) 17) dialog: No, I don't have one.
34) 20) dialog: Yeah. I guess we did.
35) 0) text: As they head toward Martin's car, Mary stops and points t it.
35) 2) dialog: I think I'll go see Debi today.
35) 4) dialog: I can't think of anything to say to  her that seems appropriate given I  left and never said goodbye to her.
35) 6) dialog: Yeah...
35) 8) dialog: I have always thought about her and  missed her. A nurse approaches with a wheelchair.
35) 11) dialog: Mom... The nurse stops and turns Mary around to face him. Mary l up at Martin and brightens. She starts to sing out like E Merman, arms out Broadway style.
36) 0) text: Martin stops the car and looks out the window at the sea headstones. He jerks his hand in a stiff wave...
36) 1) dialog: Hey Pop... You got off easy. The  house is a 7-11. Mom's a psycho- pharmacological punching bag and I  murder for cash. If you were here I  think you'd be proud. He drives off.
37) 0) text: The room features a big square bed, dresser and televisio Martin enters, kicks a leather bag under the bed, and gra the steel-sided briefcase.
37) 1) dialog: pries out a wall vent, slides in the  case and replaces the vent.
39) 0) text: Debi flips on the "ON-AIR" switch and prepares to speak i the microphone. Martin walks in. Debi sees him. They star at each other. The song ends. Dead air. After a moment...
39) 4) dialog: "Oldies from the eighties?" After a long pause....
39) 6) dialog: It's nice to see you again. Debi says nothing, just stares at him, in shock.
39) 7) dialog: How long has it been?
39) 9) dialog: Ten years, I think. What I miss? Debi slowly grooves into irony, her best defense.
39) 11) dialog: Here is now there. There is here. Their eyes lock on each other...
39) 17) dialog: I'm in California most of the time.  Traveling a lot on business. That's  about it, really.
39) 19) dialog: Not much else.
39) 21) dialog: I'm a professional killer.
39) 23) dialog: Well, I'm in town for a few days,  anyway. They run out of words, the moment too big for small talk. Martin gets the fear, breaks it off.
39) 24) dialog: Well, I gotta go. But I'll come back.
40) 0) text: Martin steps out of the storefront station along the  fashionable Grosse Pointe shopping district. He stops in middle of the street with a strained look on his face. INT. LARDNER &amp; MCCULLERS' COUNTRY SQUIRE - SAME LARDNER &amp; MCCULLERS' P.O.V. of Martin standing in the street.
42) 0) text: Martin stops in his tracks. His face softens, then become determined. He turns and walks back toward the station.
45) 0) text: Martin and Debi locked in a passionate embrace. They brea away.
45) 3) dialog: Where have I been?
45) 5) dialog: I don't know exactly. I could venture  a guess but it would sound like a  rationalization... I thought you  know... maybe seeing you, some  friends, my house... of course now a 
45) 8) dialog: --and I guess, sure, seeing you would  be part of that whole equation... I  suppose the most important thing,  really. I don't know. Anyway, this  whole thing's my therapist's idea.  It's my shrink, really.
45) 10) dialog: You see someone?
45) 15) text: You're on the air. Martin deflates.
45) 22) dialog: Yeah....
46) 0) text: Martin leaves the station, alone and beaten down.
46) 1) dialog: Dammit. Never trust my instincts. He scans the main strip. MARTIN'S P.O.V. A MAN walks down the street. He is FELIX, a bookish,  forgettable man in his forties, wearing Le Coq Sportif sw and shoes. He looks as if he has a dark cloud over his he Martin's seen him somewhere, and doesn't like what he  remembers. Martin's POV TRACKS him. FELIX'S P.O.V. As he walks down the street, he spots the Country Squire, and eyes Lardner and McCullers in the front seat. MARTIN'S P.O.V. follows Felix's eyes to Lardner and McCullers and catches their look. Their eyes lock, neither wanting to betray th they've made each other. They all do a pretty good job. H P.O.V. swings to a square-jawed, hale fellow wearing dark sunglasses who is approaching directly and only a few fee away. The man is going for something in his breast pocket Reaches into his own jacket, most likely for a gun....
46) 6) text: Here's five good ones! No trace of recognition on Martin's face.
46) 8) dialog: (realizing)
46) 11) text: You're leaving me hanging here... They shake. Martin looks him up and down, astonished at t respectable veneer of his old burn-out friend.
47) 0) text: Martin and Paul rive through Grosse Pointe, Michigan: Wid streets lined with huge, shady oaks. Castle-like homes on golf-course green lawns. A comfortable, Midwestern Beverl Hills. They are cruising their old haunts, Paul smoking a joint.
47) 3) dialog: There was no money in it. Martin regards Paul archly.
47) 4) dialog: (grinning)
47) 7) dialog: Fair enough. Beat.
47) 9) dialog: You too.
48) 4) dialog: So when are you authorized to use  deadly force?
48) 6) dialog: So it's not a meaningful symbol, or  anything. That badge is just the  badge of your company. If I look  suspicious on your customers' property-- well, under those heightened  circumstances you have the authority  to, ah... To shoot me.
48) 8) dialog: How did you get this job?
48) 10) dialog: (pleasantly)
48) 17) text: You'll be raising your new family in  a work of art. A work of art in a  work of art. Paul looks at Martin and the Guard, inviting them into th sell.
48) 19) dialog: (heartfelt)
48) 20) text: When my time comes, if it ever does,  I want a beautiful, normal place  like this... and a wife like you... All are confused. Martin thumbs to the guard.
48) 21) dialog: ...and you'll be safe here... Paul looks at his shoes and rolls his shoulders.
50) 0) text: Martin and Paul cut through a particularly charming  neighborhood.
50) 2) dialog: Debi's house.
50) 5) dialog: No. You drove us here.
50) 7) dialog: No. Martin's not listening. His eyes track the house out the  window. MARTIN'S P.O.V. of the mansion. They roll slowly by Debi's house. They drive in silence for a beat. Paul suddenly swerves t the shoulder, jams the brake, and turns on Martin.
50) 9) dialog: I freaked out, joined the Army, worked  for the government, and went into  business for myself... I'm a  professional killer.
51) 2) dialog: (looking ahead)
51) 5) dialog: How could you put your hard-earned  dollars into the hands of the class  bully?
51) 7) dialog: Mein Dealer. Paul slows outside the lot. BOB DESTEPHANO-- a big, angry looking man in an expensive suit-- stands in the lot, puf up amidst his stable of expensive cars.
51) 11) dialog: (shouts)
51) 15) dialog: It's me. Martin Blank.
51) 17) dialog: Okay. See you later.
52) 0) text: Martin climbs out of Paul's car and begins to walk toward his own. Paul calls after him.
52) 2) dialog: stands across the street from the radio station, looking Debi in the window... Martin draws a thin rifle scope fro his back pocket, and lifts it to his eye...
52) 4) dialog: dejected. He puts the scope away and gets in his car.
52) 7) dialog: What's done is done. Martin moves up one aisle to the gum rack. He picks out a pack of Beaman's and unwraps a stick as he heads to the  counter. On the way, he makes a black Town Car pulling in a spot next to his own. He immediately changes course, an bee-lines for a rear aisle where he ducks down...
52) 9) dialog: grabs the gum out of his mouth and sticks it onto the bot of the Glock .9mm he has produced from somewhere in his s
52) 13) dialog: Bolts up the cooler aisle. Bursts of FIRE follow him, tak out each freezer door behind him.
52) 15) dialog: pinned behind the Slurpee machine, pauses to reload his n two Glock nines. Martin steals a glance to get a bead on  Felix and is met with a salvo that rocks the Slurpee mach spattering him with several flavors... and that's all he take. Martin comes up BLASTING with both guns, but all th left of Felix is swinging doors and squealing tires. Martin moves to the cashier island, low to the ground.
52) 20) dialog: Flips the corpse back on top of the device and leaps the  counter toward the doors. He grabs the shoulder or the  Skateboarder, who shrugs him off, annoyed--
53) 0) text: Martin's hair is matted with Slurpee as he tries to drive and cool out. He sees his do in the mirror, pulls out a c and starts to comb it back into a slick Pat Riley style.
54) 0) text: Martin walks in, not looking half bad, considering. Debi  looks up from some reading. "NaГЇve Melody" by the Talkin Heads plays in the studio.
54) 1) dialog: Are you going to the reunion?
54) 3) dialog: That's part of it.
54) 5) dialog: It's always the little things.
54) 7) dialog: I'm wondering how you've been. How  you are. I'd like to catch up with  you. If it's possible. Beat as Debi considers. She spins her seat to face him.
54) 9) dialog: Well, there's not much to tell.
54) 11) dialog: Bad experiences.
54) 13) dialog: Bad people.
54) 15) dialog: Bad television.
54) 18) dialog: What's that?
54) 20) dialog: That'd be good. Beat.
54) 22) dialog: I figured I could pick you up tomorrow  around seven o'clock.
54) 24) dialog: Yes.
54) 26) dialog: Seven it is.
57) 0) text: Martin sits on the edge of the bed in a towel.
57) 1) dialog: It isn't done. Marcella pauses, taking this in.
57) 3) dialog: I'll do it tomorrow. Marcella considers this.
57) 5) dialog: It's fine.
57) 7) dialog: (a little defensive)
57) 8) text: I've looked at it. Martin eyes the vent.
57) 10) dialog: Yes. It's the same as usual. Nothing  remarkable about it at all.
57) 12) dialog: Tell them my house exploded. Beat. Marcella doesn't know what to make of this.
57) 14) dialog: Okay, call them. Fine. Oh-- And if  you could find out why they double- booked the job, and who is trying to  kill me, and call me back-- that's  be great.
57) 20) dialog: Yes.
57) 23) dialog: This night, this reunion will be an  important step in our relationship.
57) 25) dialog: Don't rush to judgement until all  the facts are in. She hangs up. Martin smiles and replaces the receiver. He turns to the apparatus laid out on the bed. GUNS, BULLETS, ETC. What has been his life is beginning to look more like dea to him. He places the envelope in the case, then returns case to its hiding place.
58) 0) text: Lardner and McCullers stake out Martin from the Country S across the street.
59) 0) text: Martin sits in a window booth splitting nutrient caplets  into an apple juice and looking out the window.
59) 6) dialog: Whole-grain pancakes. And an egg- white omelette.
59) 8) dialog: Nothing in the omelette. Nothing at  all. The waitress nods pertly and leaves.
59) 11) dialog: No harm no foul.
59) 14) dialog: Hard to get good help these days.
59) 16) dialog: I didn't get into this business to  have "associates." And I don't want  to join your Goddamned union. "Loner-- " "Loner gunman." Get it? "On my  own." That's the whole point. Why  don't you become a cop, or something.  You can drink coffee in the morning...  with friends! Grocer looks a little hurt.
59) 17) dialog: (easing up)
59) 20) dialog: No deal.
59) 22) dialog: (Wry)
59) 25) dialog: Nice talk, Sugarmouth.
60) 0) text: Martin sits at a desk, staring at the reunion card. He to it aside, gets up, and moves in front of a mirror. He wea a crisp black suit and practices his greeting smile...
60) 1) dialog: (trying on smile)
60) 3) text: Hi, I'm Martin Blank, remember me?   I'm not married, I have no kids and  I'd blow your brains out if someone  paid me enough... So how've you been?  Where do you stand on The Issues?  Are you Left? Right? Up, down, proud,  shamed, blahblahblahblah--
61) 0) text: Martin makes his way up the walk leading to the front doo holding a simple bouquet of flowers. He skips up the fron steps and finds the doorbell. After a moment, Debi answer
61) 2) dialog: As long as I get the laugh.
62) 0) text: Martin follows Debi into the hall. Both are enjoying this atavistic ritual.
62) 1) dialog: You look beautiful.
62) 4) dialog: I'll just help myself to a cocktail.
62) 6) dialog: looks at the legs, rolls his shoulders, and heads into th den.
63) 0) text: Mr. Newberry sits in the recliner reading a Tom Clancy no He is a corporate Aspen-dude-ranch sort with a good head hair. He sighs, closes the book on his knee and looks up Martin.
63) 1) dialog: Good evening, Mr. Newberry.
63) 3) dialog: How are you? How's business?
63) 5) dialog: How's that?
63) 7) dialog: I took the other road. I'm more of a  self-reflective young lion who does  business with lead-pipe cruelty and  goes home to drink light beer in  milky-eyes isolation. I love sports  and sex and have no real relationships  with anyone. And you?
63) 9) dialog: Why not?
63) 11) dialog: I'm a professional killer.
64) 0) text: Martin and Debi pull away from the curb.
65) 0) text: Martin and Debi drive through that to Debi is town, and t Martin is a widening pool of quicksand.
65) 1) dialog: Do you want to get a drink first?
65) 3) dialog: Right. Martin's right hand shakes off of the wheel a bit. He gri it tighter. Suddenly, Martin turns the wheel and pulls in a gas station parking lot, halting next to a pay phone.
65) 4) dialog: I'll just be a second. Debi nods, a little confused but going with it.
66) 0) text: Martin stands at the kiosk next to the Town Car, mid- conversation.
66) 1) dialog: (defensive)
67) 2) dialog: Saw my mom... I'm with Debi, and I'm  on my way to the reunion. In the background, Lardner and McCullers drive past the  station.
67) 4) dialog: Out Loud? Martin looks to Debi. She looks up and smiles. We hear Dr Oatman's command, Martin mumbles them back.
67) 5) dialog: ...I am at home with the me. I am  rooted in me, who is on this  adventure.
67) 7) dialog: This is me breating. Martin takes in a few breaths.
67) 10) dialog: Right. Don't kill anyone...
69) 0) text: Lardner and McCullers sit it the parking lot. They watch  Martin and Debi pull into a space.
69) 8) dialog: (to himself)
70) 0) text: Martin and Debi enter and pause to take in the entire sce A benevolent Ronald Reagan hangs crookedly above. Basketb nets are swung back, draped with crepe. Lights are half-l and the music is loud. Alumni are dancing.
70) 2) dialog: I'm Martin Blank.
70) 5) dialog: Don't say that. Arlene gives him a NAMETAG. As a special torture, the tag have YEARBOOK PHOTOS. Martin looks at the name tag  uncomfortably.
70) 7) dialog: Wonderful.
70) 9) dialog: Whatever I can get away with. She smiles at his joke and is immediately distracted by t next arrival. Martin moves off...
70) 13) dialog: Beer. The bartender gets him a beer. Martin recognizes a guy at the bar. He is well-appointed and shiny. He is KEN ALDRID
70) 14) dialog: Hey, Ken. How have you been?
70) 16) text: Hello Martin. How have you been?
70) 17) dialog: Not bad. You? Bob Destephano arrives next to them and orders a drink. E contact is made.
70) 19) dialog: Hey, Bob. Bob turns slightly toward them. They continue in their  conversation.
70) 21) dialog: That sounds pretty interesting... Bob wants to join the conversation but doesn't know how.
70) 23) dialog: Those all seem kind of related... Bob takes another drink and mopes off, Martin watches him go.
70) 24) dialog: Tragedy makes you thirsty. Ken chuckles. The bartender arrives with the bottle. Mart grabs it and begins to move off.
70) 25) dialog: Well... I have to take this over to  Debi.
70) 27) dialog: Thanks. Ken goes back to listening to the Guys at the bar.
70) 28) dialog: makes his way through the upbeat crowd of well-wishers. T emerges like an inkspot on a clean white whirt, and inter Martin. His angst is barely under control as he sidles up Martin.
70) 31) dialog: Why are you here... Terry? Terry turns on a dime.
70) 33) dialog: (remembering)
70) 36) dialog: Don't mention it.
71) 0) text: Debi and Martin are seated at a round table with six othe in an area blocked off for dinner. Plates of gumbo are  arriving and the wine is poured. DARIUS, an African-Ameri is in mid-conversation with AMY, who looks like she walke out of a Laura Ashley catalog and sits on the other side Martin. DENNIS and MIKE are two suits in the midst of a n stop sports conversation.
71) 5) dialog: --Yes. Actually we just bought that  little Frank Lloyd Wright on Pine  Avenue... Debi's a social worker and  I mow down insurance claims at Aetna--
71) 8) dialog: I'm in pro-active international  relations. It's a very specialized  company. We execute economic  investment opportunities. Sort of  economic clean-up... with an emphasis  on personnel. It's boring, you know,  it's boring. I don't like to talk  about it because I don't think what  a man does necessarily reflects who  he is... Martin begins to draw strange looks from all over the tab Martin may be in trouble.
71) 9) dialog: ...I've always tried to refrain from  a black-and-white moral lexicon--you  know, good, bad, right, wrong--I've  been more interested in the gray  areas. Silence. Martin pushes on.
71) 10) dialog: But that's no way to live. I guess  you've got to just take the leap of  faith. Believe in something. Fuck  it.
71) 12) dialog: I just have to close this one last  account. I'd like to just stop now,  today, but I can't... It's a step in  the right direction.
71) 15) dialog: I work at Kentucky Fried Chicken. Debi suppresses a laugh.
71) 17) dialog: Yes I do.
71) 19) dialog: In the corporate offices.
71) 21) dialog: Yeah...
71) 23) dialog: I sell biscuits to the Southland.
71) 25) dialog: It's what I do.
71) 27) dialog: I sell biscuits and gravy all over  the Southland--
71) 29) dialog: You know those horsey biscuit gravy  packets? I move all of those--
71) 31) dialog: Sometimes we sell them to McDonald's  and just change them to special  barbecue sauce. Across the table from Martin and Debi, Dennis turns to Da
72) 0) text: Dan Koretzky sits with two other FORMER-SQUARES-turned- handsome-fellas who now enjoy a confidence that comes wit early investment in Microsoft. Martin looks out over the milieu below, enjoying the seen He eavesdrops on a group of men from a few rows back.
73) 0) text: Martin stands by Debi as she sits in for a set in the dee booth, on a raised stage. They are playing an old sophomo game.
73) 2) dialog: Okay... Would you rather... commit  yourself sexually to a four-by-nine  cell with former President George  Herbert Walker Bush dressed as a  super-model for a month, or make  love to a otter on crank for a week?
73) 4) dialog: --She's not dead---
73) 6) dialog: Wow. I have to give this some thought.
73) 8) dialog: Okay, then. Clearly candied Diller. STACEY breaks the moment, looking up at the two, horrifie and unsure at what she's heard.
73) 15) text: Everybody thinks they know me now  that I'm divorced. She leads Martin toward the exit.
74) 0) text: Martin and Debi walk down the hallway, alone together.
74) 1) dialog: Even though I left, you never left  me. Not just memory but a substance  in my blood.
74) 4) dialog: Too junky-kitschy. Deeper, deeper.
74) 7) dialog: Could be. The physical substance of  love. Debi stops.
75) 0) text: Martin and Debi make wild banshee love.
78) 0) text: Martin and Debi come out of the Nurse's Office. The post- coital mood is broken as they hear The Human League's "Do You Want Me, Baby?"  blasting from the gym. Martin and De tune in on the song for a moment, unhappy at remembering  that particular moment in pop music history. Debi looks t Martin, something must be done about it.
79) 0) text: Bob and several others from the muscle-to-fat crew play a drunken scrimmage with a papier-mache table ornament foot that is coming unwound. Bob quarterbacks and begins to re a long, complicated, and forgotten play. Martin approache from behind Bob and glides through the ad-hoc line-up,  continuing down the hall. Bob yells "hike" as he stares a Martin, distracted. Bob's rushed upon and sacked. He lets the papier-mache ball drop and crack on the floor.
80) 0) text: Martin walks down a silent, deserted hall of lockers and  classroom doors. The only sounds are his footsteps and th echoed strains of Iggy Pop's "Wild Child" from the distan gym. He stops at locker number 1963 and flips the dial: R back left-right again. It opens. He pops up the steel fal ceiling in the empty locker, fishes his hand in the openi and withdraws what he is looking for: an ancient joint. H holds it up and examines the now brown and dried reefer. grinds it into dust in his hand.
82) 0) text: Martin senses he is not alone. He turns to find Bob  Destephano. The big man holds a glass unsteadily and slur slightly when he speaks. Bob is looking sad and scary. He leans into Martin
82) 2) dialog: Fine, Bob. How are you?
82) 4) dialog: Really? Bob crumbles.
82) 6) dialog: You could've been a contender, huh? Bob realizes he can't even express his own tragedy withou the use of cliches.
82) 8) dialog: Why would you want to hit me, Bob?  Do you really believe that there's  some stored up conflict that needs  resolution between us? We don't exist.  There's nothing between us. So who  do you want to hit, Bob? It's not  me. Bob slumps against the lockers, deflated.
82) 10) dialog: What do you want to do?
82) 12) dialog: Then express yourself, Bob. Bob frowns, trying to think of a way to express himself.
82) 13) dialog: (catching him)
84) 0) text: Martin watches the doors swing to a stop. He exhales and  relaxes... AND THEN Spin-pivots on his right heel, as a B from a silenced pistol pierces the space where his head w a split-second before/ As he spins around, his right hand withdraws Ken's give-away pen from his kerchief pocket, p the cap off, and drive the pen up and through the throat his attacker--
84) 4) dialog: looks back at
84) 7) dialog: Looks around wildly, holding Felix up against the lockers Above the lockers is a plastic banner proclaiming
84) 9) dialog: rips it down from the wall with his free hand, wraps it a Felix, stuffs the body into his open locker, and slams it shut. He pulls off his shoes and socks, puts a sock over  each hand like mittens, and wipes up the small pool of bl He stuffs the socks into his pockets, takes off down the  hall, and bangs through the doors.
85) 0) text: Martin blasts through the upstairs doors to the grandstan looking for Debi below. She is nowhere to be found. He sc the party in progress-- It is the same frame of image as one in Oatman's office. In the middle of the floor, Terry slowly turns up to meet Martin's eyes.
85) 1) dialog: pulls the doors shut, and takes off down the hall.
86) 0) text: Martin opens his locker, withdraws the corpse, and hefts over his shoulder.
87) 0) text: Brick-walled, darkly lit, and narrow. Martin bounds down steep steps with his load.
88) 0) text: Martin hustles toward a cage door in front of him. He kic through it and dumps Felix into a canvas laundry cart on  casters and begins rolling.
89) 0) text: The door bangs open and light pours into the room from be Martin. He negotiates the cart over the dirt floor and st next to the furnace that heats the swimming pool. He paus and looks to the ceiling: the music from the reunion puls into the floor above him. Martin picks up a large metal b and works open the door on the hulking cast-iron furnace. white-hot blaze roars within.
90) 0) text: The party is winding down. A harried-looking Martin walks and looks around once more for Debi-- nothing.
90) 2) dialog: Have you seen Debi Newberry?
90) 5) dialog: I guess. Before Ken can get started again...
90) 6) dialog: Take care of yourself, Ken. Thanks  for the pen. Martin walks out of the gym.
91) 2) dialog: I was catching up with Bob Destephano.
91) 5) dialog: It didn't work out.
91) 7) dialog: I have to get my head back into my  work.
91) 9) dialog: When you see Debi, tell her I'm sorry.
92) 0) text: Martin hunches over his briefcase that lays open on the b
92) 2) dialog: Dumb fucking luck...
92) 5) dialog: Yes.
92) 7) dialog: No.
92) 9) dialog: It's something I do... Beat.
92) 10) dialog: ...Professionally... Beat.
92) 11) dialog: ...About five years now.
92) 14) dialog: Seriously, when I left, I joined the  Army and took the service exam. They  found my psych results fit a certain  profile. A certain "Moral flexibility"  would be the best way to describe  it... I was loaned out to a CIA- sponsored program. It's called  "mechanical operations." We sort of  found each other...
92) 16) dialog: I was, but no... yes... I was before,  but now I'm not. It's irrelevant,  really. The idea of governments,  nations, it's mostly a public  relations theory at this point,  anyway. But I'll tell you something,  until about five months ago, I really  enjoyed my work.
92) 18) dialog: Then I started losing my taste for  it. Which usually means your time is  up. But then I realized it was  something entirely different... I  started getting the sneaking, dark  suspicion that maybe there was...  meaning to life.
92) 20) dialog: Like, that there's a point? An organic  connection between all living things.
92) 22) dialog: (defensive)
92) 25) dialog: I was leaving.
92) 27) dialog: Will you come with me?
92) 29) dialog: What if I come back?
92) 31) dialog: Don't go. She stops at the door. Slowly, she turns.
92) 33) dialog: You don't understand...
92) 35) dialog: "What's up Doc? What's cookin'? What's  up Doc, are you lookin'...?
93) 0) text: Morning light comes through the slit in the curtains, pic up four or five exquisitely clean guns are laid out on th bed, almost geometrically spaced. Martin lifts one at a t checking their bores and actions...
97) 0) text: Martin finished loading his guns, and puts them in his ca He shuts it and moves for the door. On the way out he sto and looks himself in the mirror before exiting.
99) 3) dialog: I'll put things right. Then I'll  find you. Silence on the line.
99) 5) text: Uh... why? Martin finishes his weapons check, and pulls out the doss
99) 6) dialog: Don't worry. I left you a little  something under your desk. Martin hangs up. Marcella goes to it and pulls loose from underneath a shr wrapped brick of $100 bills, probably a $100,000 or so.
100) 0) text: Martin makes his way down the road to the Newberry's. In distance, he sees a lone figure jogging on the shoulder,  away from him.
103) 0) text: Grocer spots Martin's car speeding at Newberry.
105) 0) text: Martin roars straight at Newberry, his engine shrieking. the distance between them turns from yards to feet... Mar swerves hard, just missing Newberry and comes to a halt n to him, blocking the Sniper's line of fire. After a momen Newberry opens the passenger door.
105) 2) dialog: Well, I was hired to kill you. It's  what I do, and come to think of it,  I told you that, but... Okay. I'm  not going to do it. Get in the car. He does. They drive on.
105) 3) dialog: It's either because I'm in love with  your daughter, or because I have a  new-found respect for life. Or both.  But I don't know.
106) 0) text: Grocer and company watch in amazement. GROCER'S P.O.V. of Martin's car disappearing into Newberry's long and woo driveway.
107) 0) text: Martin pulls up in front and stops. Both men scramble out and head toward the front door at a quick clip. Newberry shaken; Martin seems at ease, at home in his element.
107) 2) dialog: It was a cost-cutting effort. They  can't afford a recall.
107) 4) dialog: It's not me! Why does everybody think  it's personal?! They go through the front door and shut it behind them.
110) 0) text: Martin's briefcase is open on the large oak table. The  contents of the dossier are spilled out onto the table.  Newberry and Debi watch him, dumbstruck, as he draws a hu Desert Eagle automatic and jerks back the slide. He turns Debi.
110) 1) dialog: I was sitting in my house on prom  night wearing that Goddamned rented  tuxedo, a corsage in one hand, a  bottle of champagne in the other. So  I was just sitting there, and then  the whole night flashed before my  eyes, and it struck me like a bullet  in the head-- I realized, finally,  and for the first time, that... I  wanted to kill somebody. So I figured  because I loved you so much, that'd  it'd be a good idea if I didn't see  you anymore. But now I'm different. He turns and points the gun at the front door and FIRES t shots through it, leaving two baseball-size holes in the  door. Martin bolts out of the room toward the back of the house Debi and Newberry run as fast as they can away from Marti Newberry opens the front door, preparing to rush out with Debi. They stop at what they see: NEWBERRY'S &amp; DEBI'S P.O.V. As ASSASSIN lies on the porch, shot dead through the door Martin. IN one hand is a gun, in the other is a Fuller Br kit. Two men, GROCER and an ASSASSIN, clamber out of van, their guns rising up fast toward us. Debi pulls Newberry inside, slams the front door, and loc it. They dive away just before ten rounds hit the door fr outside.
111) 0) text: Martin rushes toward the back door which is already openi A barrel comes through and FIRES at Martin. Martin pulls  back behind the refrigerator and returns FIRE. An ASSASSI comes through the door in a crouch and takes cover behind the cooking island. Martin, yelling back to Debi...
111) 1) dialog: I'm in love with you. I know we can  make this work!
111) 2) dialog: rushes toward the island, grabbing an iron skillet off th range, and holds it up like a crossing-guard stop sign. H steps toward the hidden Assassin just as the Assassin ris SHOOTING. The skillet takes two rounds before Martin hamm the Assassin's head with it. Debi and Newberry arrive in kitchen.
111) 4) dialog: I was afraid to commit to a  relationship, but now I know I'm  ready to make it happen. Martin drops the skillet and grabs Newberry and Debi gent be the wrists.
111) 5) dialog: I just need time to change. He ushers them past the bludgeoned corpse and up the back stairs. He spins and FIRES twice back down the stairs at  another ASSASSIN coming up, blowing his arms off.
111) 7) dialog: It's not easy for me. I was raised  to close off, to control my  feelings... He takes them into a bedroom, and BLOWS AWAY, an ASSASSIN coming in through the window, emptying his auto. Martin p Debi and Newberry into an adjoining bathroom. He backs ou through the doorway.
111) 8) dialog: Lock the door. They do. Martin starts away, but stops to get something  straight.
111) 9) dialog: I wasn't raised in a loving  environment. (beat)
112) 0) text: Martin corners the banister and springs half-way down the stairs, then hears the front door begin to open.
112) 1) dialog: My soul was empty-- Martin jams in another clip, and chambers a round. He see Grocer beginning to slip in.
112) 2) dialog: --and it's up to me to fill it. Martin FIRES the twelve-round clip into the door until th slide locks back empty again. Grocer backs out fast. Mart hears a gun REPORT from upstairs and moves back toward it tossing the spent weapon.
113) 0) text: An ASSASSIN slams his body against the bathroom door whil Debi and Newberry scream from within. Martin flies at him The Assassin wheels on Martin FIRING. Martin pivots out o the line of fire, still moving forward. He takes hold of  Assassin's neck and snaps it. Martin drops the corpse.
113) 1) dialog: (through the door)
113) 2) text: It's okay. It's Martin The door begins  to open revealing Debi and Newberry.
113) 3) dialog: I know what I do isn't moral, per  se, but if you could just look past  that, you'd see a man worth loving.
115) 1) dialog: reaches the top of the front stairs to find Grocer headin up the stairs at him. They lift their guns at each other FIRE, when they hear...
115) 5) dialog: works his way toward Grocer, moving with stealth toward t kitchen.
115) 12) dialog: Okay. Martin takes out a checkbook, and tears one free. He wads into a loose ball and tosses it over the counter.
115) 14) dialog: There you go. I left it blank.
115) 16) dialog: rises and springs at the television, gripping it. The TWO BULLETS sail past his head.
115) 18) dialog: puts all his weight and motion behind the television. Mar and the television careen off of the counter toward Groce
115) 20) dialog: flies onto Grocer, smashing the seventy-five pound televi over his Goddamn head. Martin sails past the collision,  landing on his back in the dining room. He rolls over to
115) 22) dialog: runs up the front stairs, retrieving the spent gun he  discarded earlier, and heads into the bedroom.
116) 0) text: Martin opens the bathroom door. Inside, Debi sits on the  edge of the tub, her face in her hands. Newberry kneels w his arms around her. Martin takes this in, and walks back into the bedroom. Newberry stands and follows him out.
116) 2) dialog: Debi... will you marry me? Debi doesn't look up. After a moment, she reaches out, he still down, and closes the bathroom door...
118) 1) dialog: sitting on the front steps. Debi moves slowly up the walk and sits next to him on the porch. They sit, gazing out over the grass and trees beyo After a while...
118) 4) dialog: I have no illusions about the future.  What is, is. We make choices. And we  become the sum total of our choices.  I can live with that.