12) 0) text: The van drives along , the small-town main drag. There ar cartoon groundhogs everywhere you look and the whole town been gaily festooned with banners and bunting.
16) 0) text: Phil enters the old library of the house now set up with breakfast buffet. An old spinet piano stands in the corne One wall is lined with .bookcases filled with books. A ha of guests are seated around the room, eating. The matron of the house, MRS. LANCASTER, spots Phil as sh comes out of the kitchen with a fresh pot of coffee.
18) 4) text: A big pie-faced man, NED RYERSON, comes huffing and puffi right up to him. There is something about this guy that m us dislike him on sight.
18) 5) dialog: Phil! Phil Connors! I thought that was you! Phil looks at him vaguely.
18) 7) dialog: My oh my! Phil Connors. Don't say you don't remember me, 'cause I sure as heckrfire remember you. Well? Phil stares, trying to remember.
18) 8) dialog: Ned Ryerson? Needlenose Ned? Ned the Head. Come on, buddy. Case Western High?
18) 10) dialog: I see you clicking through that brain of yours. Click-click, c li ck- cli ck, click-click--Bing! Ned Ryerson, did the whistling trick with my belly button in the talent show. Bing! Ned Ryerson, got the shingles real bad senior ^year^ almost didn't graduate. Bing again! Ned Ryerson, went out with your sister Mary Pat a couple of times-- 'til you told me not to anymore. Well?
18) 13) text: Ned Ryerson.
18) 14) dialog: Bing!
18) 16) dialog: Phil, I sell insurance.
18) 20) dialog: Do you have life insurance, Phil? 'Cause if you do, I bet you could u s e more-- who couldn't?--but I got a feeling you don't have any. Am I right?
18) 22) dialog: That's okay. I'll walk with you. When I see an opportunity, I charge it, like a bull. Ned the Bull, that's me now. Some of my friends live and die by actuarial tables, but I think it's all just a crap shoot anyhoo. Ever heard of single .premium life? That could be the ticket for you, buddy. God, it's good to see you! Hey, what're you doing for dinner?
18) 24) dialog: Hey, look out for that first step! It's a doozy! Phil looks at him with murderous contempt.
22) 0) text: Phil jumps out and begins to walk down the highway, past parked cars, shivering in his light sweater and silk spor shirt. The snowfall is getting heavier and the wind is pi up. The snow comes down unnaturally hard and fast. He wal on, slipping and sliding in his expensive loafers until h j comes to a police roadblock up ahead, manned by TWO HIG "J PATROLMEN.
30) 1) dialog: Hey, Phil! Ned Ryerson approaches with the same obnoxious attitude.
30) 2) dialog: Phil! Phil Connors! I thought that was you! Phil just stares at him and keeps walking.
30) 3) dialog: My oh my! Phil Connors. Don't say you don't remember me, 'cause I sure as heck-fire remember you. Well?
30) 5) dialog: Bing! First shot right out of the box. So how's it going, ol' buddy?
30) 7) dialog: Now it's funny you should mention your health 'cause you'll never guess what I do.
30) 11) dialog: Bing again! You're sharp as a tack today. Do you have life insurance, Phil? 'Cause if you do, I bet you could use more -- who couldn't?" -- but I got a feeling you don't have any. Am I right?
30) 13) dialog: (BRAYING)
31) 0) text: Phil sits up in bed fearing the worst and looks on the nightstand. The pencil is whole again. Completely stunned the phenomenon, he jumps out of bed and starts dressing hurriedly as the morning Deejays begin their now familiar
36) 0) text: Phil and Rita cross the street and walk past a crowd of concerned citizens gathered around what looks like a car accident. As an ambulance arrives, Phil and Rita enter th cozy looking diner on the corner.
38) 0) text: Phil is having his head examined by a NEUROLOGIST.
53) 1) dialog: Hey, Phil! Phil slips off his glove as Ned Ryerson lumbers toward hi
53) 2) dialog: Phil! Phil Connors!
66) 22) text: Rita gets in the news van and drives off with Larry. Phil stares out the window, more" determined than ever to her over.
73) 0) text: There is a light snow falling. Phil and Rita are making a little snowman. Somehow the town looks magical tonight-- fashioned, wholesome. A snowball hits Phil in the back. He and Rita turn around see a giggling KID. Phil packs a snowball and tosses it. kid throws one back. Rita and Phil both get into it, pack snowballs and getting into a war with this kid and his li gang of friends. A snowball catches Rita unaware, she slips and goes down snowbank. Phil bends down to help her and slips. They are together, lying in the snow, laughing. Their eyes lock fo long sweet moment, then Rita gets embarrassed and stands
80) 2) text: This is one of the most pitiful spectacles known to civilization. With one nod from a filthy rodent best known to pest control agencies, a moribund old coal mining hamlet turns magically into the Lourdes of Pennsylvania, Mecca to thousands of people who, if they hated the winter so damned much, why don't they move to Florida, anyway?
98) 0) text: Ned and a client are huddled over his desk, looking at so papers. A BODY DROPS quickly past the window behind them. It's Phil. They rush to the window and look down at the sidewalk thr stories below. Phil is sprawled there like a broken puppe lifeless.
101) 0) text: The building is surrounded by police, all crouched behind cars with guns and rifles trained on the doors.
105) 7) dialog: Hey, Phil! Phil Connors 1
105) 9) dialog: He remembers me! Phil and Rita keep walking. Rita looks back at Ned, perpl
119) 0) text: Phil drops Rita off and watches as she crosses the street Larry who is waiting on the other side. Across the street, Rita takes a wistful glance toward Phi then gets in the news van and drives off. Phil gets out of the car and starts walking, but finds hi face to face with Ned Ryerson.
119) 1) dialog: Phil! Phil Connors! I thought that was you!
119) 4) text: Phil gives Ned a big hug and keeps holding on for an uncomfortably long time, actually giving Ned a hickey on neck. Ned goes into homophobic shock.
119) 5) dialog: Uh, I gotta get going. Nice to see you, Phil. He hurries off.
126) 0) text: Phil is delivering his report. Everyone there is silent a listening to Phil. Even the other reporters have turned t cameras on him.
137) 10) dialog: But Phil told me you were his accountant!
137) 12) dialog: Let me just tell you about single premium life-- Finally, Larry slugs Ned and storms off, leaving Ned floundering in a snowbank. Phil and Rita walk on as we pull up and away from Main St revealing the whole of Punxsutawney and the snowy country that embraces it.