2) 0) text: PHIL CONNORS is standing in front of a blank green wall gesticulating animatedly at some invisible images on the talking a mile a minute (MOS) . He looks completely crazy points at nothing and winks to an unseen audience.
4) 0) text: Phil continues pointing out features on the blank wall , from a new angle we can see that he ' s looking at a moni of the corner of his eye which shows the chromakey insert pointing to -- a national weather map.
6) 2) dialog: (SLEEPY)
6) 5) dialog: (catching on) Oh, no! Not again. He jumps up and exits the office with Hawley right behind
6) 6) dialog: Forget it! I'm not going.
7) 0) text: Hawley pursues Phil through the office suite of the Chann Action News, from the look of it a typical, big city, loc news operation. A logo on the wall identifies the station WPGH - Pittsburgh. Phil ducks into the studio.
8) 0) text: Hawley follows him in and catches up with him at the weat corner of the Action News set. Phil starts putting weathe stats up on a chart.
8) 1) dialog: Get away from me. I'm working.
8) 3) dialog: No way. All that moisture coming up from the Gulf is going to miss us completely and take a dump on Harrisburg.
8) 5) dialog: Jesus, Gil, give me a break, will you! I covered the goddamn groundhog last year and the year before that.
8) 7) dialog: You should've killed the guy who made you do that.
8) 9) dialog: Then you should've killed yourself. I don't want to get stuck with the groundhog for the rest of my life.
8) 13) dialog: Many people are morons.
8) 15) dialog: What'11 you give me? Hawley looks across the studio and sees RITA HANSON enter very attractive segment producer in her late twenties.
8) 17) dialog: (TEASING)
8) 27) dialog: (PLEASANTLY)
8) 30) dialog: Oh, it's an enchanted place. A magical world. It's the Constantinople of the whole Western Appalachian-Susquehanna Drainage system.
8) 32) dialog: About 70 to 80% of the time. Inside I'm actually a very shy and sensitive person.
8) 34) dialog: Tell me the names of these people.
8) 36) dialog: I think I'll take my own car. I ' m not that fond of my fellow man.
8) 42) dialog: Nice face. (calls after her) Why don't you ride up with me?
9) 0) text: Phil is in his cluttered cubicle talking on a headset pho while he reviews cassettes of his groundhog spots from th two years on a small monitor. As he talks, he stuffs a nu of personal items in an overnight bag, all the time watch himself on the TV monitor.
9) 1) dialog: (on the phone) They don't really think of me as a weatherman around here. More of a "personality," but with the credibility of a first-class broadcast journalist. Once you look at my tape I think you'll see what they mean. Stephanie enters and stands in the doorway looking at Phi a long moment. There is something vaguely off-center abou this woman, not quite FATAL ATTRACTION but still a little scary.
9) 3) text: I just want to know one thing: did I do something wrong or are you just tired of me or what? I have to know. Phil sighs.
9) 4) dialog: (on the phone) Dan, can I call you back? I've just been handed something and I better get on it... (he picks up some papers and rustles them for effect) ...Okay, thanks.
9) 7) dialog: (KINDLY)
9) 10) dialog: (gently pushing her
9) 13) dialog: Our relationship? We went out a total of four times! And only twice did anything happen. It was fun but I don't see that as a big commitment.
9) 15) dialog: See? So we've already done this. Let's move on. Next case.
9) 19) dialog: That's what I ' m trying to tell you. You don't want to be with me. You can do better. Look, Stephanie, if I ever said or did anything to mislead you I'm sorry for that, but right now I have to do this groundhog thing and I don't have a handle on it yet. He throws some papers and his datebook into a briefcase a puts on his jacket.
9) 20) dialog: I'll tell you what. I ' m going to do some serious thinking while I ' m in Punxsutawney, okay? He pats her on the shoulder and brushes past her, leaving standing there with a malevolent look on her face.
10) 0) text: A VAN marked ".Channel 9 Action News" speeds along a two- highway through the winter landscape of West Central Pennsylvania. Mounted atop the van is a microwave transmi Rita is riding up front with LARRY, the union cameraman a techie. Phil is following close behind the van in a new L coupe. His car has a bumper-sticker that reads "Weatherme Like it Wet."
10) 1) dialog: (on his earphone) I'm on my way to Punxsutawney... (forced to repeat it, a little embarrassed) Punx^su-taw-ney....Work or fun? I think that all depends on you.
11) 0) text: Phil is talking to one of his girlfriends, sorting throug stack of CD's, as usual, grabbing at the good life with b hands.
11) 1) dialog: . . . . I thought maybe you could meet me up there tonight and let me vulgarize you for about seven hours....So I ' m supposed to spend the night in Punxsutawney all alo ne? Thanks.
11) 2) text: Phil loads a CD and a great, driving song kicks in.
12) 3) dialog: (calls out) Rita! I can't stay here. Rita is already helping Larry unload equipment from the v
12) 8) dialog: I hate this place. I stayed here two years ago and I was miserable. It's like a minimum security prison. I'm not staying here.
12) 13) dialog: (BRIGHTENING)
12) 16) dialog: (PLEASED)
12) 19) dialog: Really? Will you be my love slave?
12) 21) dialog: No thanks, I've seen Larry eat. Why don't you ditch Larry and let me take you someplace nice?
12) 23) dialog: Yeah.
12) 25) dialog: Okay. I get it. You're a little intimidated by me, you're all excited about the shoot tomorrow, you want everything to go just perfect. I understand. You just get some sleep. Tomorrow will be great.
14) 0) text: Phil sits up in bed and looks around the room. The decor typical bed and breakfast, flocked wallpaper, framed prin and an odd assortment of mismatched furniture. His suit i hanging neatly on the back of the closet door and his sui is open on a stand at the foot of the bed, still neatly p A iradio, DEEJAY and his SIDEKICK come on with hyped-up, drivetime Chappy talk." Phil stares at the radio and list to them.
14) 18) dialog: (to himself) Never again.
15) 0) text: Phil heads for the breakfast room of the inn, now well-dr in a suit and tie, a nice overcoat slung over his arm. A CHUBBY MAN passes.
15) 2) dialog: Morning .
15) 4) dialog: I ' m predicting March 21st.
16) 0) text: Phil enters the old library of the house now set up with breakfast buffet. An old spinet piano stands in the corne One wall is lined with .bookcases filled with books. A ha of guests are seated around the room, eating. The matron of the house, MRS. LANCASTER, spots Phil as sh comes out of the kitchen with a fresh pot of coffee.
16) 2) dialog: (with mock civility) Like a Roumanian orphan, Mrs. Lancaster.
16) 4) dialog: I don't suppose it1 d be possible to get an espresso or a capuccino around here.
16) 7) dialog: Forget it. This '11 be fine.
16) 11) dialog: My guess is it'11 be cold and overcast, high today in the low 30's, dropping to the low 20's tonight, but I'm predicting that all that moisture coming up from the Gulf is going to miss us and dump some locally heavy snow, possibly blizzard conditions with travel advisories in the Harrisburg area and maybe as far east as .Philadelphia. (off her surprised
16) 15) dialog: Unfortunately yes. Phil exits.
17) 0) text: Sipping at the steaming coffee, Phil manages to put on hi and gloves as he descends the front steps of the house an joins the flow of pedestrian traffic on the street.
18) 0) text: There are a lot of people on the street for this hour. Tr is so heavy in fact, the pedestrians are moving faster th cars. Everyone seems to be going in the same direction, m the annual trek to see the groundhog. An OLD BUM is sitting on the sidewalk leaning against a storefront. Someone throws him a coin. Phil walks by with taking any notice.
18) 6) dialog: (at a loss) I 'm sorry. Have we-- uh--
18) 9) dialog: Ned?
18) 12) dialog: (RESIGNED)
18) 15) dialog: So what're you doing with yourself, Ned?
18) 19) dialog: (sorry he asked) No kidding.
18) 21) dialog: You know, Ned, I ' d love to talk to you but I really have to-- Phil starts to walk away,,but Ned won't take the hint.
18) 23) dialog: Dinner? Umm, I don't think that's going to work for me. As they continue walking, Phil steps into what looks like shallow puddle and ends up ankle deep in wet slush. Ned l like a donkey.
19) 10) dialog: I got hung up with some jerk I went to high school with. So, did you sleep okay without me? You tossed and turned, didn't you? Rita holds up a slate for Larry to ID the tape.
19) 12) dialog: Who told you?
19) 18) dialog: (to camera) Once a year, the eyes of the nation turn here, to this tiny hamlet in Pennsylvania, to watch a master at work. The master? Punxsutawney Phil, the world's most famous weatherman, the groundhog, who, as legend has it, can predict the coming of an early spring. Rita turns to Larry. This is impressive-- so far, so good A Groundhog Club Official kneels at the burrow and ceremoniously knocks on the small wooden door, then opens and retreats.
19) 19) dialog: And here's the big moment we've all been waiting for. Let's just see what Mr. Groundhog has to say. The groundhog sticks his head out, looks around, steps ou the hole, and runs over to the other side of the mound, a as far away from the cameras as he can get.
19) 20) dialog: Hey! Over here, you little weasel! Larry zooms in as far as he can but the best he can manag a close-up of the groundhog's back. The groundhog stands a moment, his body casting a long shadow, then he lets ou squeak and runs back into the hole.
19) 21) dialog: Great shot, huh, folks? Well, that was certainly worth the trip. Now we'll be hearing from Mr. Buster Greene, President of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club, the so-called Seer of Seers who will interpret for us. BUSTER GREENE, dressed up in his top hat and cutaway coat walks onto the mound and hushes the crowd.
19) 26) dialog: (sarcastic, to camera) Well, that's it. Sorry you couldn't be here in person to share the electric moment. This is one event where televison really fails to capture the excitement of thousands of people gathered to watch a large squirrel predict the weather, and I for one am deeply grateful to have been a part of it. Reporting for Channel 9, this is Phil Connors. Larry cuts the camera.
19) 28) dialog: (to Rita) That's as sweet as I get. I'm outa here. As he exits, Phil tosses the mike to Larry, who isn't exp the throw and bobbles it, dropping the mike on the ground
19) 35) dialog: Is it my fault the little rat went south on us?
19) 39) dialog: God, you really take this stuff seriously, don't you.
19) 41) dialog: (trying to look hurt) You really don't know me very well, do you. 'Cause if you did you could never say something like that about me. I care! Call me a cockeyed optimist but I happen to think there's more to this job than just getting my ugly mug on the boob tube every night.
19) 43) dialog: Yes, that is so. Rita is so irritated by him she can't even respond. Phil looks at her evenly for a long moment.
19) 44) dialog: So as far as us getting together, would you say the glass is half empty or half full? Larry pokes his head in the doorway, looks around, spots and makes his way over to their table.
19) 46) dialog: You don't have to rush off, you know. That storm is 'going to miss us completely.
20) 0) text: Phil's Lexus is driving down the highway. Light snow is j starting to fall.
20) 1) dialog: (on the earphone) I'll call you after I see the network guy. I should be back there in a couple of hours...What?...1 can't hear you-- you're breaking up...Hello? Sabrina?
21) 0) text: Phil is getting annoyed as the phone connection deteriora The snow is getting heavier. Phil switches on the windshi wipers.
21) 1) dialog: Sabrina ? Can you hear me? Shit! He slams the phone back into it's cradle, then looks up a notices slow traffic up ahead. He honks his horn as the traffic comes to a complete stop. He keeps honking but no moves. He rolls down the window and looks up ahead. The highway parking lot.
21) 2) dialog: No. No!
22) 0) text: Phil jumps out and begins to walk down the highway, past parked cars, shivering in his light sweater and silk spor shirt. The snowfall is getting heavier and the wind is pi up. The snow comes down unnaturally hard and fast. He wal on, slipping and sliding in his expensive loafers until h j comes to a police roadblock up ahead, manned by TWO HIG "J PATROLMEN.
22) 1) dialog: What's going on, Officer?
22) 5) dialog: What blizzard? A couple of flakes! An isolated phenomenon of nature.
22) 7) dialog: No, no. All that moisture is going to miss us and hit Harrisburg.
22) 9) dialog: But I have to get to Pittsburgh today!
23) 0) text: Phil is on a pay phone. Snow is falling heavily outside. GAS STATION ATTENDANT is shovelling around the pumps.
23) 1) dialog: So all the long distance lines a re down? What about the sa tellite? Is it snowing in space?...But I have to call Pittsburgh...Isn't there some special line you keep open for emergencies or for celebrities?...Well, I'm both really. I'm a celebrity in an emergency. Can you patch me through on that line?
23) 3) text: The door opens and Phil is blasted with frigid Arctic win blowing snow. The GAS STATION ATTENDANT enters the tiny o and in trying to squeeze past Phil accidentally bangs him the head with his snow shovel.
24) 0) text: Phil is at the bar in Punxsutawney ' s oldest and best ho Pennsylvanian. He looks very bored, drinking a beer, unsuccessfully hustling an attractive local girl named NA
24) 1) dialog: You never saw me on TV-- on the news?
24) 3) dialog: I ' m the White House correspondent for NBC news.
24) 5) dialog: Ask me anything?
24) 7) dialog: Three bedrooms, two and a half baths. Looks much bigger than it , is. Nancy just stares at him, clearly not into his sense of h Suddenly, a BRIDE in full white wedding gown and veil rus into the bar, crying and shouting. A gaggle of BRIDESMAID flutters around her trying to coax her back to her own we but she won't budge. Then the GROOM, wearing a bad rented comes storming in and tries to drag her back, until the B MAN restrains him and the bridesmaids hustle the bride aw Phil watches the whole drama play out, then turns back to Nancy .
24) 8) dialog: Good start. I ' m sure they'll be very happy. So what do you say? You want to play doggie obedience school with me?
24) 12) dialog: Sit! Stay! He watches her go, then tosses a tip on the bar and exits somewhat unsteadily.
25) 0) text: Phil enters his room and drunkenly tosses his overcoat, s and gloves on the floor in a heap.
26) 0) text: Stephanie Decastro, Phil ' s disaffected ex-lover, is sit cross-legged on the floor with the book of curses open in of her. Her hair is down, she's wearing a caftan with a Z print, there are candles everywhere and other vaguely occ decorating touches.
26) 1) text: Phil's business card is dropped into a dish. Then the Tar card of the Hanged Man, a chicken bone, and a feather are placed on top of it .
26) 2) dialog: He stands at the sink, looking at himself in the mirror, flexing his muscles .
26) 4) dialog: 
26) 9) text: Phil's business card, the Hanged Man and the broken watch flames. The watch crystal is cracked and the hands are fr at 5:59.
27) 0) text: Phil sits up in bed, quickly alert, and looks around the Something is wrong. He's wearing pajamas, his suit is onc again hanging neatly on the closet door and his suitcase back on its stand at the foot of the bed, again neatly pa The song ends and the same radio deejay and his sidekick on with the same manic energy. Phil stares at the radio a listens to them. A look of astonishment comes over his fa they banter.
27) 3) dialog: (to himself) Nice going guys. That's yesterday's tape. Phil crosses to the sink and gets a towel off the rack, o half-listening to the radio.
27) 12) dialog: Chapped lips --
27) 21) dialog: (AGHAST)
27) 27) dialog: Morning.
27) 29) dialog: (stops, irritated) Didn't we do this yesterday?
27) 31) text: I don't know what you mean. Phil grabs him by the front of his shirt and looks deep i his eyes.
27) 32) dialog: Don't mess with me, pork chop. What day is this?
27) 34) text: Febr uary second--Groundhog Day! Phil can see he's telling the truth and relaxes his grip poor man.
27) 35) dialog: Okay. Sorry. I'm having a bad day. Phil walks on, leaving the chubby man baffled and insulte
28) 0) text: Phil enters the old library of the house and finds everyt exactly as it was the day before. Mrs. Lancaster spots Ph she comes out of the kitchen with the fresh pot of coffee
28) 2) dialog: (completely confused) D i d I? I don't know--
28) 4) dialog: Yes, thank you. I ' m feeling a little strange.
28) 6) dialog: Did you ever have deja vu, Mrs. Lancaster?
28) 8) dialog: No, that's spaghetti. Never mind. He heads for the door, still in a daze.
28) 10) dialog: (VAGUELY)
28) 11) text: I don't know. I don't think so. I'll tell you after I wake up. Phil exits.
29) 0) text: Phil gulps down the steaming coffee, still trying to wake from what he assumes is a dream, and descends the front s of the house. He accosts a PASSERBY.
29) 1) dialog: Ma'am? Excuse me. Where's everybody going?
30) 0) text: Phil rushes down the street, again failing to notice the BUM sitting on the sidewalk leaning against a storefront.
30) 4) dialog: Ned Ryerson?
30) 6) dialog: To tell you the truth, Neddy, I ' m not feeling real well. Could you excuse me?
30) 10) dialog: (very distressed and desperate to get away from this guy) Do you sell insurance, Ned?
30) 12) dialog: (really annoyed now) Did I say "fuck off, " Ned? I can't talk to you right now. He backs away from Ned and steps right into the same deep slushy puddle he stepped in the day before.
30) 14) text: Hey, look .out for that first v step. It's a doozyi Phil looks down at his wet shoes and cuffs and stumbles o toward Gobbler's Knob.
30) 22) dialog: (nervous, sweat ing) I've got to talk to you. I think I'm losing my mind.
30) 24) dialog: Slap me, Rita.
30) 26) dialog: (INSISTENT)
30) 28) dialog: I said hardl . . .. ... .RITA . I can't!
30) 29) dialog: Do it! Rita shrugs and slaps him very hard.
30) 30) dialog: (his cheek smarting) Better. Almost too hard, Rita.
30) 32) dialog: No, drunk is more fun. Can I be serious with you for a minute?
30) 34) dialog: Yes. I ' m being serious. I' m having a problem-- no, I may be having a problem.
30) 38) dialog: I'm trying to say that if I was having a problem, just hypothetical ly, I ' d like to know that you're someone I could count on in a crisis.
30) 42) dialog: Were not going to miss it. (indicating the other
30) 45) text: Phil. We've been out here for an hour. We're cold and tired. Let's just get this and get out of here.
30) 46) dialog: Okay, put it here.
30) 48) dialog: Put the camera here . Rita takes a forlorn glance towards the press area, where of the other cameras are set up .
30) 50) dialog: We were in the wrong spot yesterday .
30) 53) dialog: Just trust me. Put the camera here .
30) 60) dialog: No hurry. Larry glances over at the other news reporters, all talki their cameras and pointing towards the mound.
30) 62) text: Everyone else is rolling! Rita looks helplessly at Phil.
30) 64) dialog: Okay, let's do it. He crosses over to Larry and taps him on the shoulder.
30) 65) dialog: Roll tape.
30) 67) text: Prima donnas. Phil takes the microphone from Rita and positions himself against the fence.
30) 70) text: Phil does a similar intro to the one he did before, thoug time it's a bit tentative.
30) 71) dialog: (to camera) We ll, it's Groundhog Day-- again-- and you know what that means. Everybody's here on Gobbler's Knob waiting in the cold for the appearance of the most famous groundhog in the world, Punxsutawney Phil, who's going to tell us just how much more of this we can expect. The Groundhog Club Official knocks on the groundhog's doo then opens it and retreats. Phil takes a deep breath and makes his first experimental prediction, recalling the previous day.
30) 72) dialog: My forecast is we're going to see the groundhog peek its head out of its hole, look around a little bit, then he's going to come out, scamper over to this general area, look at the crowd for a second, make a little burping noise and run back into the ground.
30) 74) dialog: O k ay ? And here we go-- Phil points to the hole and Larry zooms in. The groundhog sticks his head out, looks left, looks righ steps out of the hole, and runs away from the press pool, directly over to Larry's camera. As he stands there, his casts a long shadow. The groundhog looks right into the camera, lets out a squeak, and runs back into the hole. Rita and Larry are completely amazed as the crowd cheers brief appearance of the groundhog. Larry pans back to Phi Phil just stands there speechless, staring at the groundh burrow.
30) 78) text: Phil! Buster Greene, the Groundhog club official, walks onto th mound and hushes the crowd, exactly as before.
30) 85) dialog: (on the phone) I know there's a blizzard, but I have to get a call through to my doctor in Pittsburgh. It's a medical emergency. . . .No, don't give me the Punxsutawney Fire Department. When do you think the long distance lines will be working again?. . . But what if we don't have a tomorrow? We didn't have one today, my friend... Hello...Hello? He hangs up and shakes his head which is now really start ache, then he pops a handful of Tylenol, lies down and pu the covers up over his head. A moment later, he sits up, a pencil from the nightstand, breaks it in half and puts pieces back on the nightstand. Then he lies back down and retreats back under the covers.
31) 0) text: Phil sits up in bed fearing the worst and looks on the nightstand. The pencil is whole again. Completely stunned the phenomenon, he jumps out of bed and starts dressing hurriedly as the morning Deejays begin their now familiar
32) 0) text: Phil hurries toward the bed and breakfast carrying two ga buckets of paint, and a couple of big bags from a hardwar store.
32) 4) dialog: I ' m conducting an experiment.
33) 0) text: Phil enters and dumps the bags on the bed. Out fall a cou of big paintbrushes, a small sledgehammer, a handsaw, a crowbar, plastic goggles and assorted other tools. He put the goggles, grabs a hammer and some nails and starts nai the door shut.
34) 0) text: Mrs. Lancaster and several other guests are gathered in t hall outside Phil's room, listening at the door and looki very worried. Loud music is playing inside the room. From inside the room, they hear the sound of loud hammeri wood splintering and glass breaking.
35) 0) text: Phil, has demolished just about all the furniture and woo in the room. He rips off the last of the wooden moldings the crowbar, then crosses to the mirror over the demolish sink. Phil stands there, staring at his image in the mirror, tr to figure out what's happening to him. He starts breathin heavier, as if gathering courage, then, just when we thin going to cut off his ear or something, he raises an elect barber clipper and shaves a bald stripe up the middle of head. He studies his new look for a moment then smashes t mirror with his sledgehammer. Then he opens the cans of paint, dips the two big brushes the cans and starts slapping bright red paint onto the wa madly, feverishly, splashing himself and everything else room with it. As a final touch he grabs the bed pillows and rips them o then shakes them all around the room creating a storm of feathers. Finally, Phil falls exhausted on the bed. From outside we hear outraged hotel employees pounding on the door. We pan over to the clock radio, the only undamaged object the room. Feathers drift down past the face of the clock reads 5:59 AM. The time changes to 6:00, the radio clicks and "I Got You, Babe" starts playing as we pan back to Ph sleeping on the bed. He opens his eyes, jumps out of bed and looks around. No paint, no feathers, no damage. Everything is as clean and as the day he checked in. He races over to the unbroken mirror and looks at himself hair is completely restored, as if it had never been shav The song ends and the deejays come on. Phil says every wo right along with them, shocked into a state of complete wonderment.
35) 3) dialog: Okay, campers, rise and shine, and don't forget your booties because it's COOOLD out there today.
35) 4) dialog: It's cold out there everyday. What is this -- Miami Beach? The deejay laughs. Phil laughs insanely along with him.
35) 8) dialog: (with forced good
35) 10) dialog: How was that?
35) 13) dialog: Could I talk to you about a matter that is not work related?
35) 15) dialog: Do you know what I did last night?
35) 19) dialog: I destroyed my hotel room.
35) 21) dialog: No, it's okay. This morning it was all right again. That's what I have to talk to you about.
36) 0) text: Phil and Rita cross the street and walk past a crowd of concerned citizens gathered around what looks like a car accident. As an ambulance arrives, Phil and Rita enter th cozy looking diner on the corner.
37) 0) text: Phil and Rita sit together at the same table they had previously. The WAITER approaches.
37) 5) dialog: Because I've done it before.
37) 9) dialog: I ' m not talking about last year. I ' m talking about today. I lived it before.
37) 11) dialog: Big time. Rita, I know it's nuts but I keep reliving the same day o ve r and over-- Groundhog Day-- today. This is the third time.
37) 13) dialog: No, really. It's like today never happened. I shaved my head last night, today its all grown back. I could probably cut off my limbs, one by one, and - pop! They'd grow back. Just like a starfish. I probably don't even have to floss?
37) 15) dialog: 'Cause I'm not making it up. I'm asking for your help. Rita looks at him for a long moment.
37) 17) dialog: The truth? I'd 1ike you to spend the next 24 hours with me and don't leave my side for a second.
37) 21) dialog: Wa it a second--
37) 24) dialog: So much for the truth. Larry pokes his head in the doorway, looks around, spots and makes his way over to their table.
37) 27) text: Good luck, Phil.
37) 29) text: X-rays of Phil's skull are slapped up onto a light box.
38) 0) text: Phil is having his head examined by a NEUROLOGIST.
39) 4) dialog: Yeah, but you're still a psychologist. You must have had some course in school that covered this kind of thing.
39) 6) dialog: So based on that what would you say?
39) 9) dialog: You're saying this thing is not really happening to me?
39) 11) dialog: Then how do I know this conversation is really happening?
39) 13) dialog: Then forget about me paying you. A discreet little alarm sounds.
39) 16) dialog: Wait! Are you saying I'm crazy?
39) 24) dialog: You think that's a realistic possibility? A paper airplane sails past his head, accompanied by a no outburst of juvenile laughter. We pull back to REVEAL:
41) 0) text: Phil is walking toward the exit when he passes a first gr classroom. The door is open and the TEACHER is discussing story with the class.
43) 0) text: Phil is leaning against the wall listening. There is some very arresting about the fairy tale, but finally he just his head and exits.
44) 0) text: Phil is at a bar getting drunk with two local blue-collar workers, GUS and PHIL.
44) 1) dialog: Gus, what would you do if there was no tomorrow?
44) 5) dialog: No, I mean like if it was never going to end. If everyday was the same and you were stuck here and you couldn't get out and nothing you did mattered?
44) 10) dialog: That's it. It just doesn't get any better than this, does it? Good friends, good conversation and quality brew. Drink up, boys. They salute each other and drink.
45) 0) text: Phil, Gus and Ralph approach Ralph's big, black, old Buic convertible parked outside the bar. They are even drunker they were before.
45) 3) dialog: Hey, friends don't let friends drive drunk. Give me your keys.
45) 7) dialog: It's nothing. Get in. They all pile into the front seat with Phil at the wheel.
45) 8) dialog: (starting the ear) Seatbelts. Ralph and Gus give him the thumbs up sign and start diggi around in the seat cracks for their seatbelts. Suddenly, floors the accelerator and peels away, sideswiping a park as he screeches around the corner.
46) 0) text: Phil is having a great time. Gus and Ralph are whooping i like kids on a roller coaster.
46) 1) dialog: This is great, Ralph!
46) 4) dialog: No problem --
47) 0) text: Phil swerves in and out of oncoming traffic. Gus is start to look a little green.
47) 1) dialog: So many rules --
47) 5) dialog: "Don't do this--"
48) 1) dialog: "Don't do that -- " He mows down a row of parking meters.
49) 2) dialog: No more rules!
50) 2) dialog: Having a good time?
50) 5) dialog: Phil.
50) 9) dialog: Right.
50) 12) dialog: (CALMLY)
50) 14) dialog: Yahooooo!
50) 19) dialog: It's cold out there everyday. What is this-- Miami Beach?
50) 21) text: The deejays laughs. Phil laughs, too, exhilirated at havi survived the car wreck, still very confused and perplexed just beginning to see the possibilities of his unique situation. He starts dressing in a hurry.
51) 0) text: Phil rushes into the breakfast room just as Mrs. Lancaste comes out of the kitchen with the coffee. Everything is exactly the same as before.
51) 2) dialog: (URGENTLY)
51) 6) dialog: Mrs. Lancaster, has anyone been around here looking for me this morning? Maybe a state official, blue coat, hat, gun, nightstick, badge, driving a late-model Ford br Chevy, black and white with bub ble lights on top--
51) 9) dialog: (greatly relieved) Apparently not. Phil gooses her, grabs a sweet roll, and heads for the do starting to believe now that he can truly do anything he to.
52) 0) text: Phil stops on the steps, puts on his coat and gloves and joins the traffic heading toward Gobbler's Knob.
53) 0) text: Phil passes the old bum, ignoring him as usual.
53) 3) dialog: Ned! Ned Ryerson! Ned the Head! Before Ned can say another word, Phil SLUGS HIM. Ned goes down, Phil puts his glove back on and keeps walking. Phil deftly avoids the slushy pothole he stepped in befor PEDESTRIAN walking behind him steps right into it.
53) 7) dialog: You here to see the groundhog? She gives him a look. It's obvious she's never seen him before.
53) 9) dialog: What's your name?
53) 12) dialog: Where'd you go to high school?
53) 16) dialog: (PLAYFUL)
53) 17) text: High school? She really doesn't know what to make of Phil but she deci play along.
53) 19) dialog: Who was your twelfth grade English teacher?
53) 21) dialog: I'm waiting.
53) 23) dialog: Walsh. Nancy, Lincoln, Walsh.
53) 25) dialog: I'm not really sure. We'll have to see. Phil walks off and joins Rita at their camera position.
54) 0) text: Phil is sitting at his usual table, which is covered with incredible variety of rich foods-- eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, pies, cakes, eclairs, ice cream, puddings, etc. Rita sits across from him, watching in amazement as he st himself with pastry.
54) 4) dialog: I don't worry about anything anymore.
54) 6) dialog: That's exactly what makes me so special. He takes a big bite of cake. Rita shakes her head.
54) 7) dialog: (with his mouth full) What?
54) 9) dialog: (stares at her for a long moment) "There was a young man from Na n t uc k e t-- "
54) 11) dialog: At this rate-- never. (he pulls out a pack of
54) 14) dialog: Just the opposite, Rita. I have a life wish. I'm just trying to enjoy it. Taking pleasure in the little things. Don't you ever just want to cut loose and go wild?
54) 18) dialog: Yeah, well, that's where I come in. Going wild is one of my specialties. Last night I got completely loaded and drove head- on into a police car.
54) 21) dialog: That's my point. I know you won't believe me, but we could do anything we want today and it wouldn't matter one bit. Absolutely no consequences. Complete and total freedom.
54) 23) dialog: You leave that to me. Why don't you send Larry back and hang out with me for the rest of the day? You never make it through that blizzard anyway. Larry enters the diner and spots them.
54) 25) dialog: Don't worry. I plan to.
55) 0) text: Phil comes through the crowd and finds Nancy in the same she was in the day before.
55) 1) dialog: Nancy? Nancy turns and looks at him quizzically.
55) 4) dialog: Nancy, right?
55) 6) dialog: Nancy Taylor? Lincoln High? I sat next to you in Mrs. Walsh's English class.
55) 8) dialog: Phil Connors.
55) 10) dialog: You don't remember me, do you?
55) 12) dialog: We used to shoot spit balls--
55) 14) dialog: I even asked you to the prom.
55) 16) dialog: Yeah.
55) 18) dialog: I ' m great. Wow, you look terrific. Hey, listen, I gotta d o this report--
55) 20) dialog: Weatherman. Channel 9, Pittsburgh.
55) 24) dialog: But maybe after we could --
56) 0) text: Phil is making passionate love to a WOMAN in the dark.
56) 2) text: Oh, Phil.
56) 3) dialog: Oh , Rita . The woman suddenly freezes. There is a moment of silence, she snaps on the light. It's Nancy, not Rita. Phil is as surprised as she is by his slip of the tongue.
56) 6) dialog: (CAUGHT)
56) 10) dialog: (corrects her) O-rita. Nancy laughs uncertainly. Phil switches off the light, thinking now about Rita.
57) 1) text: Phil is standing at the bookcase, wearing only pajamas, absently munching on a Danish as he reads from one of the books. Mrs. Lancaster approaches him.
57) 3) dialog: (not looking up) Yes, it is. You don't usually find this many trashy novels in one place.
57) 5) dialog: No, thank you. I've actually read them all. I was just rereading some of the dirty parts. He finishes and puts the book back on the shelf.
57) 8) dialog: Indefinitely. I've already been here for 211 days.
57) 10) dialog: (CASUALLY)
57) 13) text: Phil kisses her on the lips and walks off.
58) 0) text: Two harmless-looking old GUARDS are calmly loading bags o into an armored car parked in front of a local bank. Sudd Phil appears, wielding a shotgun, wearing a Batman style his face completely hidden by a ski mask.
58) 1) dialog: (SHOUTS)
58) 3) dialog: You guys ever been held up before? (they shake their
58) 7) dialog: Yeah. By the way, I'm Phil. He raises the mask and shows his face.
58) 10) dialog: (shaking their hands) Herman and Felix. Okay. Take it easy, boys. And thanks. The frightened guards watch as Phil makes off with two la satchels of cash.
59) 0) text: Phil pats the hood of a used BMW 850 sports car as a SALE stands by beaming. Phil is wearing a full Steelers footba uniform complete with shoulder pads.
59) 4) dialog: I'll take it. How much?
59) 6) dialog: I'll tell you what. I'll give you $70,000 if you just knock off the car salesman stuff and let me get out of here with my car. The Salesman gawks as Phil opens his briefcase and starts counting out stacks of bills.
61) 0) text: The BMW comes screeching to a stop right in front of the theater and the door opens. A pair of really elaborate cowboy boots complete with sil spurs hits the pavement first; then we PAN UP to see Phil emerge from the car wearing a really gaudy; full cowboy o with real six-guns on his hips. A very trashy-looking gir LARAINE, gets out on the passenger side, dressed like a F maid.
61) 2) dialog: Yeah, we are, we are. But first I have this movie theater fantasy I want to talk to you about. He escorts her into the theater.
62) 0) text: Phil is lying on the table, getting elaborately tattooed. Rita walks by, looks in the window and is shocked to see there. Phil waves at her and points to the colorful new heart pi by a bloody dagger being tattooed on his arm.
63) 0) text: We pan down the line of ROUGH TRADE PATRONS to. Phil, dre all in black leathers, both arms heavily tattooed, lookin Sid Viscious on crack. He takes off his hat to reveal red white and blue hair shaved almost down to his skull. A sl named ANGIE and another overweight, not very pretty MADON WANNA-BE, both in too-tight jeans and bullet bras are com to him, practically licking his ears. Angie pops a couple mystery pills into his mouth. Phil washes them down with shot and a beer.
64) 0) text: It looks like ;outtakes from Fellini's "Satyricon." Heavy is blaring from the radio, as several unsavory looking me women are partying down, a few already passed out, sleepi whatever hit them. Someone is knocking loudly on the door shouting complaints about the music. A beer bottle smashe against the door. Phil is sitting up on the bed with Angie. He has his arm around her shoulder and a fifth of Wild Turkey in his han
64) 1) dialog: (more to himself than to Angie) Yeah, but eventually you' d just get tired of screwing around and then you'd want a real relationship, wouldn't you?
64) 3) dialog: Get down, Brunoi (CONTINUING)
64) 9) dialog: Down , Bruno ! (still musing) It's tough to find a relationship like that, especially if your time is kind of limited. But you still have to try, don't you? (the dog again) Bruno! I told you! Off the bed! Phil looks over at Angle who's passed out with her mouth
64) 10) dialog: There ' s got to be more to it than this.
65) 0) text: Rita is in the news van reviewing the tape of Phil's repo Phil hovers at the open side door.
65) 2) dialog: Psychic. So did you have a nice evening?
65) 5) dialog: I got my whole body tattooed and part ied all night with some nymphomaniac biker chicks.
65) 8) dialog: No, they're gone. Rita, if you only had one day to live, what would you do with it?
65) 13) dialog: No, I mean like what if the entire world was about to explode?
65) 15) dialog: No, I just want to know you better. What do you like, what do you want, what do you think about, what kind of men are you interested in, what do you do for fun?
65) 17) dialog: I'm just trying to talk to you like a normal person. Isn't this how normal people talk?
65) 19) dialog: Okay, so talk to me. C'mon, I'll buy you a cup of coffee.
66) 0) text: Phil and Rita are at their usual table, drinking coffee.
66) 4) dialog: You have a career.
66) 6) dialog: How about the other stuff? You seeing anybody?
66) 8) dialog: What I really want is someone like you.
66) 10) dialog: Why not?
66) 12) dialog: You'd what?
66) 14) dialog: Then maybe you'd like me? She stares hard at him.
66) 20) dialog: (to Rita) Why don't you stay for a while? The road's going to be closed anyway. Do you really want to be stuck in the van with Larry for three hours?
66) 22) text: Rita gets in the news van and drives off with Larry. Phil stares out the window, more" determined than ever to her over.
67) 0) text: Phil is wrapping up his groundhog report.
67) 1) dialog: Well, you heard it right from the groundhog's mouth. Bundle up good, 'cause it's going to be a long winter-- at least in Punxsutawney. Reporting for Channel 9, this is Phil Connors. Larry stops tape.
67) 4) dialog: (PREOCCUPIED)
67) 7) text: Phil runs off without another word of explanation.
68) 0) text: Phil has the hood open and is doing something to the engi
69) 0) text: Rita is sitting at the bar in the town's best restaurant, good chophouse with Black Forest decor and waitresses dre in dirndl skirts and aprons. Phil enters and sits down ne her.
69) 1) dialog: (acting surprised) Oh, hi, Rita. You still here?
69) 4) dialog: (INNOCENT)
69) 7) dialog: (to the bartender) Jack Daniels.
69) 12) dialog: (acting surprised) Oh, hi, Rita. You still here?
69) 17) dialog: Wouldn't you know it. Buy you a drink?
69) 19) dialog: (to the bartender) Tequila with lime, gold if you've got it. Rita looks at Phil, surprised.
69) 22) dialog: (to Rita) What should we toast to?
69) 24) dialog: To the groundhog! Rita stares for a moment.
69) 29) dialog: Tequila with lime, gold if you've got it. Rita looks at Phil.
69) 35) dialog: To world peace. Rita smiles, reevaluating him.
70) 0) text: Rita and Phil are now sitting together at a table, a plat cheese and crackers and a bottle of white wine between th
70) 1) dialog: You like your job?
70) 3) dialog: You weren't in broadcasting?
70) 5) dialog: (laughs good-naturedly) Really? What a waste of time. Rita looks offended. Phil knows he made a mistake.
70) 8) dialog: You weren't in broadcasting?
70) 13) dialog: La fille qui j'aimera Sera comme bon vin Qui se bonifiera Un peut chaque matin. Rita smiles, entranced.
71) 0) text: Phil and Rita are sitting at a table in a small confectio tasting chunks of different flavored fudge. Rita takes a
71) 2) dialog: Best fudge in town.
71) 4) dialog: I like small towns. I think they engender real community more than big cities.
71) 6) dialog: No kidding. Here-- try the white chocolate.
71) 8) dialog: (making mental note) No white chocolate.
72) 0) text: The music continues over Rita and Phil on the small dance floor. They dance, close, dreamy, romantic.
73) 0) text: There is a light snow falling. Phil and Rita are making a little snowman. Somehow the town looks magical tonight-- fashioned, wholesome. A snowball hits Phil in the back. He and Rita turn around see a giggling KID. Phil packs a snowball and tosses it. kid throws one back. Rita and Phil both get into it, pack snowballs and getting into a war with this kid and his li gang of friends. A snowball catches Rita unaware, she slips and goes down snowbank. Phil bends down to help her and slips. They are together, lying in the snow, laughing. Their eyes lock fo long sweet moment, then Rita gets embarrassed and stands
73) 4) dialog: What?
73) 6) dialog: About what?
73) 10) dialog: Do you like how this day is turning out?
73) 13) dialog: You're wrong. I've been planning this day for weeks. Rita ignores the remark and hugs him. Phil tries to kiss but she gently puts her fingers to his lips, stopping him \ They enter the bed and breakfast inn.
74) 2) dialog: Tomorrow? Wait, aren't you going to come up to my room for a while?
74) 4) dialog: NoВ·reason to end a perfect day.
74) 7) dialog: No, you should. The, uh, the poetry! I've got some books, Rimbaud, Beaudelaire, we could l ig ht a fire--
74) 11) dialog: (seeing it all slip
74) 14) text: Phil, I'm tired. We can be together tomorrow.
74) 15) dialog: (getting desperate) But there is no tomorrow for me!
74) 17) text: Let's not ruin it, Phil. There's no way I ' m sleeping with you tonight.
74) 18) dialog: Why not? Rita, I love you!
74) 20) dialog: (grabs her hand) Please! You have to! Rita shakes loose from his grasp.
74) 23) dialog: No, it was real. I love you.
74) 28) dialog: But I can change! I really can-- Rita slaps him hard on the cheek.
76) 0) text: Phil is trying (MOS) to talk his way into Rita's room. Sh ^pushes him away and slams the door in his face.
77) 0) text: The streets are deserted except for Phil, staring up at R window in the Quality Inn. Rita comes to her window and looks out. She sees Phil loo up at her and draws the curtains.
78) 0) text: "I Got You, Babe" is playing. Phil hits the clock radio t turn it off. He lies there for a moment, then hefts himse heavily out of bed, not eager to repeat the day yet anoth time. With the radio off, Phil does the deejays' morning routine himself, seemingly for the millionth time.
78) 1) dialog: (DULLY)
78) 2) text: Okay, campers, rise and shine, and don't forget your booties because it's cooooold out there today. Phil continues the radio report at his own pace, obviousl fatigued.
78) 5) dialog: It's cold out there everyday. What is this -- Miami Beach? Haw. Not hardly. And you can expect hazardous travel later today with that, you know, blizzard thing.
79) 0) text: Phil is walking through the crowd. He spots Nancy, walks her and greets her half-heartedly .
79) 1) dialog: Hi, Nancy.
79) 3) text: Hi. Do I know you? Phil can't manage enough enthusiasm to pursue her yet aga
79) 4) dialog: No, I guess not. I thought you were someone else. Phil wanders over to where Rita and Larry are setting up camera. Rita comes over to him.
79) 6) dialog: (VACANTLY)
79) 16) dialog: You don't know me? I've been playing here every day for two months.
79) 18) dialog: I don't know. I seen you.
79) 20) dialog: They call me-- Punxsutawney Phil.
79) 22) dialog: Yeah, like the groundhog. Phil sinks another one.
80) 0) text: The crowd is waiting expectantly for the groundhog to app Phil is a wreck, squatting unprofessionally in front of t camera.
80) 1) dialog: (CYNICALLY)
80) 8) dialog: Who are Watson and Crick.
81) 0) text: Phil is sitting in his bathrobe in a big lounge chair in parlor of his hotel. Mrs. Lancaster, and other guests wat his performance, awed by his "intellect."
81) 2) dialog: What is "Twelfth Night."
81) 9) dialog: Count Basie.
82) 0) text: Phil is walking through town, still dressed only in his p and overcoat, counting the sidewalk cracks, taking giants from one to the next. He looks crazy.
82) 1) dialog: Two thousand six hundred and s e ve n ty -o n e-- (takes another step) two thousand six hundred and se v en t y -t w o -- (another step) two thousand six hundred and seventy-thr-ee-^- A woman passes walking her dog.
82) 2) dialog: Hey, pick up after your dog!
82) 4) dialog: He's going to! (POINTING)
82) 5) text: There and there. And there! Phil continues walking, counting the sidewalk cracks. THR NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS notice Phil and walk along, matching hi for step.
82) 9) dialog: S i x hundred--
82) 13) dialog: Two thousand, four hundred--
82) 16) dialog: (out of control) Yeah, I got a problem, buddy! I can't stand this place anymore! I can't stand this street and I can't stand the fourteen bars and the five banks and the one star food and the bad weather and the "quaint" little shops and most of all, I can't stand anything-- ANYTHING-- with a groundhog on it. He rips a groundhog patch off the cop's jacket sleeve.
82) 19) dialog: (eyes downcast) Phil.
82) 21) dialog: Yeah, like the-- (he stops as if struck) --groundhog. Some big new idea has formed in his mind.
82) 29) dialog: (to camera) There is no way this winter is ever going to end as long as that groundhog keeps seeing his shadow everyday. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped and I've got to stop him. For Channel 9 news, this is Phil Connors.
83) 0) text: Phil is walking around the mound, casing it out. He takes rifle out from under his coat and sneaks up to the burrow pulls a smoke bomb from his pocket, lights it, and throws into the hole, then scurries for the edge of the knob and the deck. He lifts his rifle and aims it. Smoke is now pouring from the mound. Lots of it. Phil waits, his trigger finger twitching. A WOMAN casually walks by, stops. She surveys the situati
84) 0) text: Phil passes a pedestal bearing a life-size bronze statue groundhog and enters the public library.
85) 0) text: Phil walks past the front desk looking very haggard and dangerous, and enters the children's section. No one is present except the CHILDREN'S LIBRARIAN, a young woman, reshelving books in the stacks. He looks around quickly a sees a window in the wall and over it a large sign which "Punxsutawney Phil - The Great Prognosticates" Phil heads right for it. The groundhog scurries around his little temperature-cont habitat, oblivious to the approaching danger. As Phil approaches the groundhog display, he reaches into overcoat and pulls out a pump shotgun with a short pistol The children's librarian sees the gun and freezes. Phil pumps a shell into the chamber as he walks right up case.
85) 1) text: The groundhog looks right into his sights. Philsqueezes the trigger. LOUD GUNSHOT. The glass window is still intact, not a scratch on it. Th groundhog looks up playfully. Phil fires off four more rounds but, again, no results. P can't believe it. He charges the glass and pounds it with rifle butt. He can't even chip it. Suddenly he is seized behind by TWO STRONG MEN who take the rifle from him and wrestle him to floor. The librarian comes running up and looks at the groundhog
86) 0) text: The groundhog is just poking his head out of the hole. He stands full height and looks around. Phil looks directly at the groundhog with hate and schemi madness. Suddenly, Phil whips out a big kitchen knife from under h icoat and dives at the groundhog. Town officials and poli throw themselves on Phil as the groundhog scampers safely into his hole. Rita and Larry videotape the incident, aghast at Phil's i attack.
87) 0) text: Larry and Rita are loading their equipment back into the Rita spots Phil standing on the other side of the crowd, staring at her. She marches straight over to him, furious
87) 2) dialog: (at the end of his
88) 0) text: Phil comes tearing around a slippery curve, followed by B in his car, and close behind him, a contingent of police and the Channel 9 news van.
89) 0) text: Phil looks at the groundhog on the seat next to him, then punches the gas as he turns up a mountain drive.
89) 1) dialog: Coming to the end of the trail, Phil. Then we're going out in a blaze of glory.
90) 0) text: Buster pursues Phil with relentless determination.
95) 0) text: Phil looks in his rearview mirror at the cars chasing him glances down at the groundhog. He takes a breath.
95) 1) dialog: Okay, pal. It's showtime. Phil hits the gas.
96) 2) dialog: 
97) 2) dialog: He slowly opens his eyes and blinks. He looks around and realizes he's back in his room at the bed and breakfast.
97) 3) dialog: Ah, nuts! Phil throws off the covers and hurls himself out of bed.
98) 0) text: Ned and a client are huddled over his desk, looking at so papers. A BODY DROPS quickly past the window behind them. It's Phil. They rush to the window and look down at the sidewalk thr stories below. Phil is sprawled there like a broken puppe lifeless.
99) 0) text: "I Got You, Babe" is playing. Phil wakes up and smashes t radio.
100) 0) text: Rita and Larry are walking down the street when a GREYHOU pulls out of the bus station and accelerates down Main St Suddenly, Phil, dressed in pajamas and overcoat, leaps ou front of the speeding bus. Rita witnesses the whole incid
100) 1) text: He sees Phil through the windshield but doesn't even have to hit the brakes before he runs right over Phil.
101) 2) text: Suddenly, the doors burst open and Phil comes running out the bank screaming, dressed in camouflage fatigues and ar the teeth with an assault rifle in one hand, an Uzi in th other and a couple of handguns stuck in his belt. He does get three feet before he is shot down in an incredible ha gunfire. Rita stands beside the camera gaping in horror while Larr records the grisly massacre.
102) 0) text: Rita stands by weeping while Phil's body is covered with sheet. In the shadowy darkness under the sheet, a CLICK is heard Phil's eyes pop open. "I Got You, Babe" plays.
103) 0) text: Phil pulls the sheet off his face and finds himself back bed in his room. A tear falls from his eye.
104) 0) text: Phil and Rita are sitting in the diner at their regular t
104) 2) dialog: I'm a god.
104) 4) dialog: No, I'm A god. Not THE God-- at least I don't think I am.
104) 6) dialog: No, it's true. It's the only possible explanation. I'm a supernatural being.
104) 11) dialog: (to Rita, ignoring the
104) 14) dialog: --but I always wake up the next day without a scratch, without even a headache. I'm telling you, I ' m immortal.
104) 20) dialog: Because I want you to believe in me.
104) 23) dialog: How do you know I'm not a god?
104) 27) dialog: How do you know?
104) 30) dialog: Hey, Billy! The waiter turns back.
104) 31) dialog: This is Bill. He's been a waiter for three years because he left Penn State and had to find work. He likes the town, he paints toy soldiers, and he's gay.
104) 34) dialog: This is Doris Kleiser and her fiance Fred.
104) 36) dialog: They're supposed to get married tonight but Doris is having second thoughts.
104) 41) text: Phil drags Rita to the counter.
104) 42) dialog: This is Ralph. Say "Hi," Rita. Rita flashes a quick smile.
104) 44) dialog: Ralph hates his life here and wants to drive around town smashing into policemen.
104) 47) dialog: Yes, it's a trick. But maybe the real God cheats, too. Maybe God isn't omnipotent-- he's just had a lot of practice.
104) 49) dialog: Tom. Worked in the coal mine В·til they shut it down.
104) 51) dialog: Nancy. Went to Lincoln High School in Pittsburgh. Takes herself out to lunch once a week. Rita is getting very bewildered. From their reactions she see that Phil is right about each and every one of them.
104) 53) dialog: I told you the truth. In five seconds there's going to be a grease fire in the kitchen. Five, four--
104) 57) dialog: --three, two, one. Phil points to the kitchen as smoke starts pouring from t service window. Everyone in the diner is now staring at t
104) 60) dialog: I know all about you, Rita. I know you like producing, but hope for better than Channel 9, Pittsburgh.
104) 62) dialog: You like boats but not the ocean. There's a lake you go to in the summer with your family, up in the mountains, with an old wooden dock and a boathouse with boards missing in the roof, and a place you used to crawl underneath to be alone, and at night you'd look up and see the stars. You're a sucker for Rocky Road, Marlon Brando, and French poetry. You're wonderfully generous; you're kind to strangers, and children; and when you stand in the snow, you look like an angel.
104) 65) dialog: I told you! I wake up every day right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February second and I can't turn it off. If you still don't bel iev e me, listen--
104) 69) dialog: Listen! In ten seconds Larry is going to walk through that door and take you away from me.
104) 71) dialog: But you can't let him. Please believe me. You've got to believe me.
104) 73) dialog: Look. As Rita turns around to see Larry, Phil grabs a pen and p from a passing waitress and quickly writes something down Larry makes his way to their table. Phil finishes writing
105) 0) text: Phil and Rita are walking down the sidewalk.
105) 1) dialog: Afer I got over the shock, it was kind of fun for the first year or two. I had anything I wanted. Except you, of course.
105) 4) text: Phil abruptly pulls Rita aside. A big pile of snow slides a roof and onto the sidewalk where they would have walked Phil doesn't even look up. Rita looks, as if she's seeing miracle.
105) 6) dialog: I don't know. I just woke up. Just like always. NED RY-ERSON approaches.
105) 8) dialog: Rita, this is Ned Ryerson. He's an asshole.
105) 10) dialog: Trust me on that one.
106) 0) text: Phil and Rita come out of the shop, sharing pieces of fud
106) 2) dialog: No, it isn't. You hate fudge.
106) 4) dialog: I told you. I know everybody. Rita stops walking.
106) 6) dialog: (TEASING)
106) 12) dialog: You're European trained, aren't you. Phil continues walking.
106) 14) text: Phil! It's not funny. She catches up to him. Phil turns to her.
106) 15) dialog: You weren't interested.
106) 19) dialog: I understand.
106) 21) dialog: You did.
107) 0) text: Phil and Rita are sitting on a park bench.
107) 1) dialog: So do you believe any of this?
107) 5) dialog: I used to try to stay up all night sometimes. I thought if I could stay conscious I could figure out what was going on, or at least hang onto something from the day before. But I gave up on that a long time ago. Rita looks at him with compassion.
107) 7) dialog: (trying to shrug it
107) 10) dialog: Yeah, sure. That'd be okay.
108) 0) text: A hat is lying on Phil's bed. A playing card flies past. second playing card sails right into the hat. Another pla card sails past, missing. Another playing card sails righ Phil and Rita are tossing cards. Rita is missing. Phil is hitting.
108) 1) dialog: It's not in the wrist so much as the fingers. Be the hat.
108) 3) dialog: Uh-uh. Six months. Four, five hours a day.
108) 8) dialog: Now you know. It's like waiting for a bus that never comes . You should see me play pool -- and bowling, juggling, hacky sack. I can ride a unicycle. There ' s a knock on the door .
108) 9) dialog: I'll get it! Phil jumps for the door and opens it. The PIZZA GUY is th
108) 10) dialog: Hi, Marty. $11.75 including the delivery charge, right?
108) 13) dialog: Of course. I told you, I know everything .
108) 16) dialog: That's not the worst part.
108) 18) dialog: The worst part is starting over everyday. Tomorrow you won't remember any of this. You'll go back to treating me like a complete jerk --
108) 20) dialog: It's not your fault. I am a jerk.
108) 25) dialog: Okay, I ' m not. It really doesn't make a lot of difference. I've killed myself so many times, I don't even exist anymore. I'm just completely empty.
108) 27) dialog: If you're going to be this positive all the time I may have to rough you up a little.
108) 29) dialog: Which part?
108) 31) dialog: No, this is the first time.
108) 34) dialog: Well, what?
108) 36) dialog: Good. Really good. He takes a slice of pizza and starts eating with gusto.
108) 44) dialog: Me, too.
108) 46) dialog: I hope so. The clock reads 11:59. Rita grabs Phil's hand. He puts hi arm around her. They look into each others' eyes. Rita gives Phil a reass smile. She squeezes his hand. Their eyes turn to the cloc 11:;59 turns to 12:00. Rita looks up at Phil as if expecting some magical event.
108) 48) dialog: I know.
108) 50) dialog: Not 'til six.
108) 55) dialog: I never said midnight--
108) 57) dialog: But I never said it.
108) 60) dialog: Does that mean you're going?
108) 65) dialog: It's okay to go to sleep you know. I promise I won't touch you-- much.
108) 67) dialog: I was saying that the cow was eventually returned to it's rightful owner.
108) 72) dialog: That's right. He looks at her, sees she's truly asleep, and gently mane her into a comfortable reclining position on the bed. The carefully puts a pillow under her head and settles down n her.
108) 73) dialog: What I was going to say was, I think you're the kindest, sweetest, prettiest, most wonderful girl I ever met in my life. She starts to stir but he gently kisses her back to sleep
108) 74) dialog: Shhhh. That's good. (satisfied she's still
108) 76) dialog: I know a guy like me could never deserve to have someone like you, but if I did, I swear I would love you for the rest of my life. Rita opens her eyes.
108) 79) dialog: Good-night, Rita. He kisses her gently on the forehead.
109) 0) text: Rita and Larry are in the packed press area, beginning to up the equipment. Phil arrives, carrying two cups of coffee.
109) 1) dialog: Rita? She looks at him without a trace of the rapport they shar night before.
109) 3) dialog: Thought you might like some-- He hands her the coffee.
109) 5) dialog: Careful, it's hot. Larry? He hands Larry a cup.
109) 8) dialog: You know, I bumped into Buster Greene, he kind of runs this thing, and he tipped me off that we might get a better shot over there.
109) 12) dialog: I mean, maybe we should go for it. What do you think?
109) 16) dialog: I'll get that. Phil helps Larry carry the camera gear.
109) 17) dialog: (to Larry) You and I never talk, Larry. You got kids? Larry looks suspicious. Rita looks on, reevaluating Phil.
110) 0) text: Phil enters the library, approaches the Librarian.
110) 1) dialog: Where would I find the Philosophy section?
111) 0) text: Phil rings the doorbell. A kindly young woman, MARY, answ
111) 2) dialog: I ' d like a piano lesson, please.
111) 6) dialog: I'll give you a thousand dollars. Mary hesitates only a moment, then ushers Phil into the h and closes the door. A moment later the door opens and a LITTLE GIRL with an a of music books exits as if pushed. The door closes behind
112) 0) text: Phil walks happily down the hallway. He passes the chubby
112) 2) dialog: Buon Giorno, signore. / '.
112) 8) dialog: "Winter slumbering in the open air wears on his smiling face a dream of Spring."
113) 0) text: Phil and Mary are sitting together at the piano. Phil is playing, poorly.
113) 2) dialog: Technically, yes. Phil plays on, definitely improving.
114) 0) text: We see several cuts of Phil studying at the library. SUPERED over these cuts is a calendar with the pages flip by. They all read "February 2 . "
115) 0) text: Phil stands in front of the camera, giving his report.
115) 1) dialog: In fact, the groundhog's legendary ability to predict the weather may be more than just the German folklore of the region. Higher temperatures trigger hormonal changes in the testosterone levels of male groundhogs, which may in fact wake them from hibernation and send them out to battle with other males ;for mating rights. So, the truth is they're not looking for their shadows, they're looking for groundhog chicks. Rita looks on, clearly delighted with the report.
116) 0) text: Phil is playing the piano with ever increasing skill as m February 2 calendar pages flip by.
117) 0) text: Phil is delivering another report.
117) 3) dialog: Groundhog Day, February second, also known as Candlemas Day or the Feast of the Purification of the Virgin Mary, the day Mary first came to the temple for ritual blessings following the birth of the infant Jesus, and celebrated since the Middle Ages by the sacramental lighting of candles. Hence the old Scottish couplet which long predates the .American groundhog tradition: "If Candlemas dawns bright and clear, there'll be two winters in the year." Larry whispers an aside to Rita.
118) 0) text: Beyond the graveyard is a work shed with various tombston scattered about. Old TUCKER, the town stonecarver, is at chiseling a name into a gravemarker. Behind him, Phil is chipping away at a small hunk of marb sculpting a very lovely cherub. Rita sits on a stool eating an apple and sipping hot tea watching him with amazed interest.
118) 1) dialog: But what if the rules changed? What if none of your actions had consequences?
118) 3) dialog: Oh, is that so, Miss Plato? Then let me ask you this. Where does this "absolute good" come from? From the sky?
118) 7) dialog: What?
118) 9) dialog: I gotta go.
118) 11) dialog: I got piano and then drums.
118) 13) dialog: Come on, I'll drop you off. They exit.
119) 0) text: Phil drops Rita off and watches as she crosses the street Larry who is waiting on the other side. Across the street, Rita takes a wistful glance toward Phi then gets in the news van and drives off. Phil gets out of the car and starts walking, but finds hi face to face with Ned Ryerson.
119) 2) dialog: Ned? Ned Ryerson! I don't believe it. I've missed you so much.
119) 4) text: Phil gives Ned a big hug and keeps holding on for an uncomfortably long time, actually giving Ned a hickey on neck. Ned goes into homophobic shock.
120) 0) text: Phil is sitting on the piano bench with Mary, playing pre well. Mary is astonished.
120) 2) dialog: One day. I'm gifted.
121) 0) text: Phil is walking down the street. He glances down the alle he passes, stops, walks back and enters the alley. The OL that Phil never noticed before is lying there, huddled ag a wall. Phil goes to help him.
121) 1) dialog: Hey, mister. Hey. Come on, let's get you somewhere warm. The old bum turns to look at Phil, then closes his eyes.
121) 2) dialog: (helps the old man to his feet) There you go. Phil practically carries him out of the alley.
122) 0) text: A nurse approaches Phil.
122) 4) dialog: How is he?
122) 6) dialog: What'd he die of?
122) 9) dialog: I want to see his chart. Excuse me. Phil brushes past her and makes for the big double doors leading to triage.
122) 11) dialog: Not on my watch.
123) 0) text: Phil is propping up the old man at a table, trying to fee hot soup.
124) 0) text: Phil is furiously looking over X-rays, flipping through m journals and making notes.
125) 0) text: Phil is in the alley, shaking the old man, trying to rous
125) 1) dialog: Come on . Hang on . Hang on , there . Breathe .
125) 3) text: Phil stops. The body lies, unmoving. Phil sits back, breathing heavily.
126) 0) text: Phil is delivering his report. Everyone there is silent a listening to Phil. Even the other reporters have turned t cameras on him.
126) 1) dialog: ...When Chekhov saw the long winter, it was a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope; and yet, we know winter's only one more step in the cycle. And standing among the people of Punxsutawney -- (Phil looks directly at
126) 3) dialog: For Channel 9 news, I ' m Phil Connors. There is much applause. Even Larry brushes away a tear. Phil hands the microphone to Rita.
126) 5) dialog: 
126) 6) dialog: Sorry. I'm gonna be late. Phil rushes off.
126) 11) text: Rita rushes off after Phil.
127) 0) text: Phil walks briskly toward an intersection, glancing nervo at his watch. Rita follows him at a distance, hurrying to up. MARIE, a little nine-year-old girl, approaches the inters shielding her brand new puppy under her winter coat. She paying attention to traffic and fails to notice a big tru bearing down on her. As she steps off the curb, Phil arrives and, with split-s timing, nonchalantly but firmly grabs her coat to hold he back, just as the big truck rushes past in the street, na missing her.
127) 1) dialog: Hey! Did you forget to look both ways? You didn't even look one way.
127) 3) dialog: Yeah, well, my doggies are freezing, but I ' m still gonna watch out for cars. See you around, kid. Phil looks at his watch and rushes off. Rita looks on amazed and follows him at a distance.
128) 0) text: Phil enters the crowded restaurant and pushes past all th people waiting to be seated. He walks casually but quickl purposefully around the tables, squeezing past busy waitr and seated patrons toward a commotion in the back of the restaurant. TWO BUSINESSMEN are leaning over a THIRD.
128) 10) dialog: If you're going to eat steak, get better teeth, will you? Enjoy the rest of your lunch, gents. He exits.
128) 12) dialog: Rita!
128) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, I'm really pressed right now. Meet me outside the hospital about 5:00 and we'll talk about it.
128) 17) dialog: Try the curlycue fries. Killer.
130) 2) dialog: She's not diabetic. It's an overdose. Let's get her up here and pump her stomach, then I want a complete blood work-up, STAT.
130) 4) dialog: Call me Phil.
130) 6) dialog: Exactly.
131) 0) text: Sick CHILDREN in hospital gowns are gathered around Phil, laughing and squealing. Phil is. making balloon animals.
131) 2) dialog: A giraffe? Let's see. It's just like a dog with a biiiiig-- what was it?
131) 6) dialog: A big tail? Okay, a big tail.
131) 8) dialog: There. A dog with long legs.
131) 10) dialog: Oh! Right! A dog with a big head.
131) 13) dialog: (taking her arm) Come on. We have to hurry.
131) 17) dialog: (to Rita) That little bastard has never thanked me once . I ought to j ust let him fall. Teach him a lesson.
131) 22) dialog: Yeah, you and me both. Come on, We're almost done.
132) 0) text: Phil kneels on the cold ground beside the old bum who lie huddled against the wall, immobile. Rita is standing by at the end of the alley, watching as examines him. Phil writes something down on a small pad. He finishes, a sets it down by the old man. Then he takes his coat and u it to cover the man up. A siren is heard. Phil stands and walks away, as an ambulance pulls into th alley.
132) 2) dialog: Yeah. Let's go.
133) 0) text: Rita catches up with Phil outside the Pennsylvanian, the oldest and best hotel.
133) 2) dialog: Come on. You'll see. They enter.
134) 0) text: As Phil and Rita enter there is music coming from a side The black velvet announcement board proclaims: KLEISER-SC WEDDING.
135) 0) text: Phil and Rita walk into a banquet room decorated with streamers, balloons and flowers. There is a long buffet t and a punch bowl. Another long table is loaded with weddi gifts. A small band is playing. People are dancing. The wedding party is dressed in rente tuxedos and appropriately pouffy bridesmaid dresses.
135) 3) text: Phil grabs two glasses of champagne and hands one to Rita
135) 4) dialog: Just some friends. Dorisi The bride, DORIS, young and cheery, is on her way to see She is dragging FRED, her groom, with her.
135) 9) dialog: How's it going, Fred?
135) 11) dialog: Are you kidding? Don't buy that playing hard to get stuff. She's crazy about you, you stud.
135) 13) dialog: Congratulations. Phil reaches into his pocket, pulls out two tickets and h them to Doris.
135) 20) dialog: I don't know. I just thought about you two, tried to picture what you ' d want more than anything in the world and it came to me. Bing! Wrestlemania.
135) 24) dialog: What do you want to know?
135) 26) dialog: I really don't know.
135) 28) dialog: Okay, I wake up in Punxsutawney on February second -- every day. It's supernatural. I don't even try to explain it anymore. So, I live each day as if it's the only day I've got. Rita stares into his eyes for a very long time, but sees good, true things.
135) 32) dialog: You want to know what's really amazing? I've been waiting for you every day for ten thousand years. I dream of you every night of my life. You've been my constant weapon against total despair, and just knowing you exist has kept me alive. How's that? Rita can't even speak. This is clearly the nicest thing anybody has ever said to anybody. Mary the piano teacher notices Phil.
135) 34) dialog: Hello, Mary. Rita, this is one of Punxsey's finest musicians.
135) 36) dialog: N o , I--
135) 45) text: Rit a looks over at Phil, joyously playing the piano.
135) 51) text: It is snowing lightly. Phil and Rita are walking slowly, in arm, close. They stop and embrace. Phil looks at Rita. She looks like an angel.
135) 53) dialog: Wait! Don't move!
135) 54) text: Phil scoops up some snow and begins packing it down, furi joyously, then rolling it into a large ball.
135) 58) dialog: No, stay there. Stand right th ere.
135) 64) text: Phil is using a stick and the heat of his bare hands to m a delicate fold in the snow sculpture. Several bystanders o n with interest as Phil stands back from his work.
135) 68) dialog: O kay, look.
135) 75) dialog: This is how I see you. When it all gets too much, I just close my eyes and there you are-- just like this. Take it home and keep it in the freezer. Rita embraces Phil. They are about to kiss, looking deep each others eyes.
135) 76) dialog: This one's for the Frog Prince.
135) 78) dialog: Nothing. They kiss-- a long, deep, soul-stirring kiss.
135) 79) dialog: Will you come with me? Rita nods. They continue standing there, embracing, warmi each other in the cold night air.
135) 82) dialog: It doesn't matter. Really, it doesn't. They kiss again.
135) 84) text: The digital clock-radio changes from 5:59 to 6:00. Silenc No Sonny and Cher, no deejays-- nothing. Phil sits up in bed. He looks around the room. Things are different, messier. Then he sees the covers move. Wide-ey now, he looks over and sees Rita waking up, snuggling dee under the covers.
135) 85) dialog: (DISBELIEVING)
135) 92) dialog: You're here! My god! I can't believe you're here!
135) 94) dialog: No! It's happened. Don't you get it? It's tomorrow! It's -- Phil turns on the radio.
135) 98) dialog: I love those guys.
135) 101) dialog: No groundhog! Rita! They're all gone!
135) 106) dialog: Did I just dream it? Phil opens the door and runs into the hallway wearing onl pajama bottoms.
135) 108) dialog: Yeah!!!! Phil runs back into the room.
135) 109) dialog: It really happened! You're really here! He pounces on Rita again.
135) 110) dialog: You're really actually here.
135) 113) dialog: Let's go! He scoops her up in his arms.
135) 115) dialog: Anywhere! Everywhere!
136) 0) text: Phil and Rita, dressed now, enter and encounter Mrs. Lanc Phil hugs her.
136) 4) dialog: Florence! Say hello to Rita. She loves me.
137) 0) text: Phil and Rita walk down Main Street hand in hand.
137) 3) dialog: That's all right. I-- A FLORIST steps out of the flower shop with a bouquet.
137) 5) dialog: Thanks, Carl. Phil smells the flowers, and hands the bouquet to Rita.
137) 6) dialog: And so began my final lifetime, and ended the longest winter on record. I would find myself no longer able to affect the chain of events in this town, but I did learn something about time. You can waste time, you can kill time, you can do time, but if you use it wisely, there's never enough of it. So you'd better make the most of the time you've got. A car skids on the ice and smashes into a tree. Phil and rush over to help, but the driver waves that he's okay. R and Phil continue their walk.
137) 9) dialog: Larry never got through the blizzard, so none of my groundhog reports ever made it on the air. But Rita and I-- we lived happily ever after. Phil and Rita walk off together. Across the street, Larry is trying to get rid of Ned Ryer who is doggedly trying to sell him insurance.