28) 0) text: An R&amp;B song jams through the speakers, filling the da floor with high school kids in suits and dresses. In the middle of the floor, Quincy gets his groove on wit his date, Shawnee.  She dances so provocatively, there is mistaking what she has in mind for later. Over at the doors, Monica enters with her college date, JASON, 21, and fine.  Heads turn in surprise.  Monica fee the stares, shifts nervously.
28) 1) dialog: Can I take your coat?
28) 3) dialog: No, I mean I can check it for you.
28) 5) text: Oh, sorry. Jason pulls off her coat, revealing a dress that shows of everything Monica has been hiding.  He checks out her fra smiles.
28) 6) dialog: Your sister wasn't lying. He crosses to the coat check, leaving her alone.
28) 15) dialog: What's up, Black.  I'm Jason.
29) 0) text: Monica sits at a table with Jason.  His arm lays casually across the back of her chair.  Monica sits upright, stiff
29) 1) dialog: So, you like school? Monica smiles nervously, nods. JASON (cont'd)
29) 2) text: Yeah, high school was cool.  I don't remember sisters being as fine as you, though. Monica just holds that nervous smile. JASON (cont'd)
29) 5) dialog: I'm an English major.  You like English?
29) 7) dialog: Careful.
29) 9) dialog: That was two words. Monica ducks her head, embarrassed.  Jason laughs. JASON (cont'd)
29) 12) dialog: I mean, I'm having a good time with you... His arm slides off the back of her chair and onto her shoulders. JASON (cont'd)
29) 15) dialog: Then I'll get you some punch. He stands, then. JASON (cont'd)
29) 16) text: Just don't jet while I'm gone and leave a glass slipper behind. Monica's face lights up.  Jason smiles. JASON (cont'd)
29) 29) dialog: You want to dance? Jason stands behind her chair.  Monica smiles shyly.
29) 32) text: Monica, nervous at first, a little awkward, but Jason gen guides her in a slow circle and she starts to relax. Jason moves his hands down Monica's back, pulling her in closer.  Shawnee snuggles into Quincy's chest, runs her h down his neck.  The heat from bodies grows. Monica and Quincy glance up at the same time and catch ea other's eyes.  They start to look away but find they can' Eyes locked as they dance, they move together, almost fee each other.  Finally, as their bodies turn, they lose sig Monica puts her head to Jason's chest, Quincy slides his hands lower down Shawnee's back.  The music continues...
30) 0) text: Jason and Monica are parked up on Mulholland Drive.  LL C J's "I Need Love" plays on the tape deck. Jason has his arm around Monica, ready to make his move.
30) 2) text: Freshman year, my free throw percentage was fifty-one percent, cause I was shooting it like a jump shot. Jason leans in, kisses her bare shoulder. MONICA (cont'd)
30) 3) text: Um...but then sophomore year I was shooting seventy-five percent from the line. Jason kisses her neck. MONICA (cont'd)
30) 4) text: ...uh, by keeping my feet set and really following through. Jason goes in for the slam dunk.  Kisses Monica on the li It's the first time she's really been kissed.  Jason pull away, smiles.
30) 5) dialog: That was nice.
30) 7) dialog: Your sister told me hands off, but I can't help myself... Jason leans in.  Monica closes her eyes, and they kiss so more.  Monica tries to follow his practiced lips. Jason's tongue slides in and their bodies slide down.  Hi hand moves across her breast.  Monica's eyes pop open.
30) 9) dialog: Shh.  It's okay. Naive and inexperienced, Monica shuts her eyes tight.