2) 2) dialog: How are you feeling, munchkin? Monica nods.  He smiles. NATHAN (cont'd)
2) 5) dialog: She's alright.
2) 7) dialog: Camille, she'll be fine. He gives Monica a wink, crosses away.  Monica pulls the washcloth away from her Mom and starts wiping the blood herself.
5) 14) dialog: Which one for tomorrow?
5) 16) dialog: You sure? Camille nods.  Nathan looks at both of them, then: NATHAN (cont'd)
5) 20) dialog: Thanks, sweetheart. He kisses her on the cheek, hands her the two shirts and crosses out.  Monica just watches.  Beat, then Camile tur back to her daughters.
11) 2) dialog: And what am I supposed to say to the man?
11) 4) dialog: You lost your head.
11) 16) dialog: Monica, I think her point is...maybe it's time to start thinking about other things besides basketball.
11) 19) dialog: You only have one game left and you haven't been recruited.  Munchkin, I wanted it as bad as you did, but we have to face reality.
11) 21) dialog: I know.  But chances are...
25) 0) text: The championship game.  The bleachers are almost filled. Nathan and Lena sit, dead center.  ALSO IN ATTENDANCE, CO CHERYL MILLER - THE COACH OF USC. Quincy sits in the back row with a couple of teammates. always, he's the focus of much attention. Monica and her teammates are crouched in a tight huddle, surrounding Coach Hiserman.
94) 0) text: A long line of customers shift impatiently during the noo time rush. Monica sits with a BANK MANAGER at the "New Accounts" des learning the ropes.  Her hair is done, she wears a simple dress.  Behind her, hanging on the wall, are three framed photos of the bank presidents.  ONE OF THEM IS HER FATHER NATHAN.
101) 1) dialog: Hey, munchkin.
101) 3) dialog: I was upstairs for a meeting.  I've been hearing good things about you.
101) 5) dialog: So how's the job going? Monica forces a smile.
101) 7) dialog: I think I know what the problem is. He pulls a GARBAGE CAN HOOP from a plastic shopping bag. Monica smiles.  He attaches it to her garbage can. NATHAN (cont'd)
101) 10) dialog: I'll take that as a compliment. He gives her a smile, and exits.  Monica looks at the hoo then crumples a piece of paper.