13) 0) text: A frenzied crowd from floor to ceiling watches Quincy exp across the court.  He is the complete point guard - hitti from the outside, driving to the hoop, no-look passes, playing tight D.' His father, Zeke, now 39, stands on the sideline.  His mu has softened a little over the last five years of retirem Monica sits alone in the bottom row, holding a basketball She wears jeans and a T-shirt and her hair is pulled back a simple pony-tail. Quincy does a killer cross-over move and his Defender fal down.  He lays up the ball, then taunts the player he jus poster-ized.  Behind Monica, TWO GIRLS smack each other excitedly.  One of them, SHAWNEE, 17, pretty, big chest, slides down into the empty seat next to her.
13) 1) dialog: Hey, girl.
13) 3) dialog: Your hair looks so cute like that. Monica knows she's full of shit, doesn't respond. SHAWNEE (cont'd)
13) 6) dialog: C'mon, girl, you live next door.  Who's been creeping?
13) 8) dialog: Well, can you give him this for me? Shawnee holds out a folded note.  Monica doesn't take it.
13) 10) dialog: I don't wanna look fast. (drops it in Monica's lap)
13) 11) text: Thanks, girl. She slides back to her seat.  Monica shakes her head, tur back to the game. Quincy dives for a loose ball.  Shawnee clutches her frie SHAWNEE (cont'd)
15) 0) text: Silence as Quincy wheels his Jeep Wrangler toward home. Monica sits in the passenger seat, basketball in lap.  Sh pulls Shawnee's note from her pocket.  Quincy glances it over.
28) 0) text: An R&amp;B song jams through the speakers, filling the da floor with high school kids in suits and dresses. In the middle of the floor, Quincy gets his groove on wit his date, Shawnee.  She dances so provocatively, there is mistaking what she has in mind for later. Over at the doors, Monica enters with her college date, JASON, 21, and fine.  Heads turn in surprise.  Monica fee the stares, shifts nervously.
28) 9) dialog: Q, I like this song...
28) 18) dialog: Dang, girl, I didn't know Nike made dresses. Monica looks at Shawnee, wrapped around Quincy.  She can' believe it.
29) 32) text: Monica, nervous at first, a little awkward, but Jason gen guides her in a slow circle and she starts to relax. Jason moves his hands down Monica's back, pulling her in closer.  Shawnee snuggles into Quincy's chest, runs her h down his neck.  The heat from bodies grows. Monica and Quincy glance up at the same time and catch ea other's eyes.  They start to look away but find they can' Eyes locked as they dance, they move together, almost fee each other.  Finally, as their bodies turn, they lose sig Monica puts her head to Jason's chest, Quincy slides his hands lower down Shawnee's back.  The music continues...
32) 11) text: Little after you left, I told Shawnee it was time to go and I drove her ass straight home.  And after she told me I was the dumbest brother in the world, I took off.