33) 3) text: A few simple rules.  Eleven o'clock curfew, no exceptions.  Always be on time, no exceptions.  Attend every class, no exceptions.  No drugs, no alcohol, no getting pregnant.  And finally, respect yourselves, respect your coaches and respect your teammates, right Sidra? SIDRA, senior point guard, nods from the second row.
33) 4) dialog: That's right, Coach.
36) 1) dialog: Dag, you took her out, T. Teammates SANDRA and LISA crack up.
37) 0) text: The team is spread out, lifting weights.  Monica lies on weight bench, her arms shaking as she struggles to bench press fifty-pounds.  Sidra stands behind her, spotting.
37) 1) dialog: You got it, c'mon, lift! Monica lifts it with Sidra's help. SIDRA (cont'd)
37) 4) dialog: She hates all freshmen. Monica scowls, discouraged.
37) 6) dialog: Hey, don't take it personal.  And don't think just cause we play the same position we have to compete with each other.  We're teammates, okay?
37) 8) dialog: Besides.  I've been starting point the last two years.  Ain't no way some dumb- ass freshman is taking my spot. Sidra walks off, leaving Monica with the bar on her chest Finally, she has to drop the weight to the floor.
39) 0) text: A heated scrimmage between the women's "A" team (the star five) and "B" team (five who want to be starting).  Monic runs point for the "B" team, playing opposite Sidra. Sidra is all over Monica, slipping in cheap shots, but Mo starts to come on.  She does a quick cross-over and loses Sidra.  She dishes off to Shayla, who scores.
40) 7) dialog: That's what you get for trying to show out, freshman.
40) 9) dialog: You were trying to make me look bad.
40) 11) dialog: Girl, don't you know you're just sloppy seconds? Monica rises.
40) 14) dialog: Only reason you're here is cause Tonya Randall got pregnant and decided not to come.  They were done recruiting. KELLI, senior forward, shakes her head.
40) 16) dialog: Just thought the girl should know. Monica is stunned.  Sidra saunters to the showers.  Shayl nudges her with her shoulder.
48) 0) text: Monica sits on the bench, watching Sidra run the floor against UNLV, as...
54) 0) text: Sidra crashes to the floor, immediately grabs at her ankl Monica rises off the bench...
60) 0) text: USC vs. Louisiana Tech.  The packed crowd is hyped.  Nath sits by himself in the stands, excited. Monica sits on the bench with four of her teammates.  The rest of the team is lined up in front of them, including Sidra in street clothes.
64) 15) dialog: Least you got an offer.  My agent's still looking.
65) 5) text: I thought Sidra's ankle was okay for next game.
68) 11) dialog: Monica. Monica looks over, sees Sidra standing in the doorway.  T is no escaping this confrontation.  She glances at Quincy then crosses over.  Quincy turns, sees her disappear back inside.
69) 2) dialog: Just wanted to say good game.
69) 4) dialog: No buts.  Took a lot of heart to take that charge.
69) 6) dialog: But that was a dumb-ass pass to Toni. Ten seconds left, you run out the clock. Monica shakes her head.  An awkward silence. SIDRA (cont'd)
69) 9) dialog: Just one word of advice for next season.
69) 11) dialog: Never let a freshman take your spot. Sidra turns and walks away.
83) 0) text: The arena is PACKED with a raucous European crowd, chanti and waving signs - the love their women's basketball. Monica walks onto the floor, tucking her jersey into her shorts.  The uniforms are old-style - polyester and tight Her club's name is stitched on the front, "GODELLA". As she hits center court, a smile suddenly breaks through game face.  Standing opposite her, playing for the opposi Italian club is Sidra, HER RIVAL FROM USC.
83) 1) dialog: Well, what do you know.
83) 3) dialog: I'm gonna love winning this championship in your house.
84) 0) text: A huge crowd dances fervently to the live Spanish music. the middle of the floor, the Spanish players are the life the party. In a corner, Monica sits with Sidra, drinking and watchin the festivities.  A large trophy sits on the table.
84) 1) dialog: Can you take that damn thing off the table.
84) 3) dialog: Still a cocky bitch. Monica laughs.  She downs her drink, motions to the waite
84) 6) dialog: Yeah, four years ago.  They had me staying in this tiny-ass town with like fifty people.  I'm not playing, there was about a thousand goats running around, and it gets dark at four o'clock.  Then the whack club I'm on loses three games in a row and I get blamed.  So they fire me.
84) 8) dialog: Yup.  So I've been playing with this Italian club the last three years.
84) 10) dialog: It's better.  Even though the whole first season my teammates didn't pass to me cause they were mad "The American" was making more money. (smiles)
84) 11) text: I led the team in rebounds cause it was the only way I could touch the damn ball. Monica laughs as the waiter brings her drink.  She tries pay, but he just shakes his head, crosses away. SIDRA (cont'd)
84) 14) dialog: So what are these Spanish guys like?
84) 16) dialog: What?  You've been over here seven months and you ain't tapped anything?
84) 18) dialog: Shoot, Italian boys love them some black women.  They can't get enough of me. Monica smiles.
84) 20) dialog: Sometimes.  But what's the alternative, not playing?  You remember big Toni? (off Monica's nod)