0) 540) dialog: 
0) 601) text: the President's National Security Advisor arrives. In his wearing wire-rim spectacles, Pelt's nearsighted, brOliant crackerjack poker player. Generals and Admirals take their places. Pelt site at the the tabl, turning to Greer: PELT
0) 614) text: There's no doubt about that, sir. She is designed to approach by stealth, and fire on a target with little or no warning.     ADMIRAL
0) 616) text: Precisely, Admiral.. (RE: MAP)
0) 623) text: Before sailing, Captain Ramius sent a letter to Admiral Yuri Padorin, Chairman of Soviet Naval Deployment. Painting at Ramius' wedding picture, Ryan whispers to Gre RYAN
0) 627) text: The contents of the letter are unknown, but Admiral Padorin immediately demanded a meeting with Premier Ligachev and within minutes of that meeting, the Soviet Fleet sailed with orders to find Red October -- (PAUSE)
0) 629) text: Sink her? ADMIRAL
0) 631) text: This is the twenty-gird, isn't it? Greer nods. Order in the room has broken down. Generals a Admirals argue vehemently about appropriate. responses. S the photos, a light goes off in Ryan's brain: SljenCel. Ryan realizes everyone in the room is staring a PELT (DRYLY)
0) 644) text: Bottom line, how long before Rami&gt;us will be in a position to launch his misses at us? ADMIRAL
0) 680) text: There's something else you should know. On the morning we sailed, I posted a letter to Admiral Padorin announcing our intentions to defect. Borodin's jaw drops. Tbilisi. is speechless. Kamarov whis KAMAROV
0) 712) text: Charles Davenport, commanding officer of the Kennedy! The Admiral is waiting for you in his quarters! A STEWARD
0) 715) text: (sha)dng hands) Jack Ryan, Admiral.. Sorry for the confusion, but, as:-l was just. telling Captain Davenport, I'm not a naval of cer (BEAT)
0) 716) text: I work for Admiral Greer at the. CIA. He thought I would draw less attention if I.was in uniform. PAINTER
0) 905) text: Morning, Admiral. PAINTER
0) 946) text: The Dallas picked up Red October and is tracking her again. The Admiral issued orders for her to fall back and pick you up. Davenport takes Ryan's arm.     DAVENPORT (CONT'D)
0) 947) text: Ryan, listen to me. Getting someone on a sub is a nightmare. The Admiral told me what happened to you in the Mediterranean. The next hour could be very rough. Ryan ftroes a grin. A sax7or helps him into the helicopte Davenport steps back. ROTORS ACCELERATE. CUT TO: JEFF PELT
0) 1198) text: Four hundred yards from drop paint. Eight hundred yards. Twelve hundred yards. One of the shadows leans forward and presses a button on console. The button is marked Command Control Detonate. T SHADOW IS ADMIRAL GREER
0) 1305) text: I wrote a biography on Admiral Halsey, called, Fighting Sailor. It was about tam in combat -- JONES (VO) (ON SPEAKERS)