0) 398) text: As the small procession bears down, Barbara Drummond slip out of that room to intercept them.
0) 399) dialog: (keeping her voice  low) Look, it's a perfectly harmless  ceremony, nothing to get excited  about. It'll be over in a few minutes  anyway. Mr. Blacktree is a shaman  who gets his power from the thunder,  and it's imperative he conclude his  rituals while the storm is still  going on.
0) 402) dialog: All that's going on in there, Doctor,  is a simple Apache prayer for my  father's recovery.
0) 406) dialog: The markings he's made on my father's  arms are from the pollen of the tule  plant. The twigs have no significance  other than they've been struck by  lightning and are consequently appeals  to the spirit of lightning. It's all  entirely harmless, a religious  ceremony, not a medical one.
0) 408) dialog: On the other hand, it won't kill  him, Doctor.
0) 412) dialog: Thank you.
0) 415) dialog: Yes. I still have to arrange an  ambulance service. Is there a phone  around I could use?
0) 417) dialog: Thank you.
0) 418) text: Bock exits. Barbara edges past Weitzenbaum, who is still  peeking into the room.
0) 421) dialog: (on phone) Hello. I'd like to arrange an  ambulance for one-thirty tomorrow  afternoon... Thank you...
0) 422) text: REVERSE ACROSS Bock at his desk with Barbara partially vi at Miss Lebow's desk. All he can see are her great long t legs.
0) 423) dialog: (in background on  phone) ...Drummond, first name, Barbara.  I'll pay cash...
0) 425) dialog: (on phone) No, you're to pick up my father,  Drummond, Edward, at the Manhattan  Medical Center, Holly Pavilion, Room  Eight-O-Six. It's a stretcher case.  I presume you provide the stretcher.
0) 427) dialog: He's to be taken to American Airlines,  Yes... No... Kennedy Airport, Flight  Seven-Two-Nine to Yuma, Arizona.  I'll accompany the patient... Yes,  thank you.
0) 431) dialog: I believe in everything, Doctor.
0) 433) dialog: Yes.
0) 435) dialog: (from the door suddenly) My father, you should know, was a  very successful doctor in Boston, a  member of the Harvard Medical Faculty.  He was a widower, and I was his only  child. He was not an especially  religious man, a sober Methodist.  One evening, seven years ago, he  attended a Pentecostal meeting in  the commons rooms at Harvard and  suddenly found himself speaking in  tongues. (she takes her drink  and crosses to the  sofa) That is to say, he suddenly sank to  his knees at the back of the room  and began to talk fluently in a  language which no one had ever heard  before. This sort of thing happens  frequently at Pentecostal meetings,  and they began to happen regularly  to my father. (she sits) It was not unusual to walk into our  home and find my father sitting in  his office, utterly serene and happily  speaking to the air in this strange  foreign tongue. I was, at that time  twenty years old and having my  obligatory affair with a minority  group, in my case a Hopi Indian, a  post-graduate fellow at Harvard doing  his doctorate in the aboriginal  languages of the Southwest. One day,  I brought the Indian boy home just  as my father was sinking to his knees  in the entrance foyer in one of his  trances. The Indian wheeled in his  tracks and said, "Well, I'll be a  sonofabitch." You see, my father was  speaking an Apache dialect, an obscure  dialect at that, spoken only by a  ragged band of unreconstructed Indians  who had rejected the reservation and  were living in total isolation in  the Sierra Madre Mountains of northern  Mexico. Well! What do you say to  that, Dr. Bock?
0) 437) text: Barbara throws back her head and roars with laughter.
0) 439) dialog: No, no, you miss the point, Doctor.  Not my father's conversion -- mine.  You see, I had been hitting the acid  pretty regularly at that time. I had  achieved a few minor sensory  deformities, some suicidal despairs,  but nothing as wild as fluency in an  obscure Apache dialect. I mean, like  wow, man! I mean, here was living  afflatus right before my eyes! Within  a week, my father had closed his  Beacon Hill practice and set out to  start a mission in the Mexican  mountains. And I turned in my S.D.S.  card and my crash helmet and followed  him. It was a disaster, at least for  me. My father had received the  revelation, not I. He stood gaunt on  a mountain slope and preached the  apocalypse to solemnly amused Indians.  I masturbated a great deal. We lived  in a grass wickiup and ate raw rabbit  and crushed piГ±on nuts. It was  hideous. Within two months, I was  back in Boston, a hollow shell and  dizzy with dengue, disenchanted with  everything. I turned to austerity,  combed my hair tight and entered  nursing school. I became haggard,  driven and had shamelessly incestuous  dreams about my father. I took up  with some of the senior staff at the  hospital. One of them, a portly  psychiatrist, explained I was  generated by an unresolved lust for  my father. I apparently cracked up.  One day, they found me walking to  work naked and screaming obscenities.  There was talk of institutionalizing  me, so I packed a bag and went back  to my father in the Sierra Madre  Mountains. I've been there ever since.  That's three years. My father is, of  course, mad as a hatter. I watch  over him and have been curiously  content. You see, Doctor, I believe  in everything.
0) 442) dialog: I thought I was obvious as hell. I'm  trying to tell you I have a thing  for middle-aged men.
0) 444) dialog: You've been admiring a lot more than  that.
0) 447) dialog: Rubbish.
0) 450) dialog: (smiling) Right on.
0) 452) dialog: Of course, I do.
0) 454) dialog: Yes, of course.
0) 457) dialog: Sounds to me like a familiar case of  morbid menopause.
0) 459) dialog: Well, it's hard for me to take your  despair very seriously, Doctor. You  obviously enjoy it so much.
0) 461) dialog: Twenty-seven.
0) 463) text: They are both suddenly conscious of a third presence in t room. They look to the door where Mr. Blacktree, fully cl again and carrying his coat, is standing in the doorway.  Barbara uncrosses her long legs and stands.
0) 464) dialog: (crossing to the door) Mr. Blacktree disapproves of my  miniskirt, but it was the only thing  I had to come to the city with. Back  at the tribe, I wear ankle-length  buckskin.
0) 466) text: Barbara regards his hunched form and, murmuring in Apache she exits, closing the door. In the subsequent hush, thun RUMBLES and CRASHES. Wind sweeps the rain against the win panes. The sounds go unheeded by Bock, still as marble. Slowly, raises his head and sighs and then fishes about in his ja pockets to bring out the bottle of potassium and syringe. takes off his jacket, rolling up his shirtsleeve, poking  about for the vein. He removes his trouser belt, which he ties tightly about his upper arm for a tourniquet. Now, h tears the wrapping of the syringe and fits the needle to Fiddling about in the pockets of his jacket, he finally f a crumpled pack of cigarettes. He lights one and returns the business of killing himself, puffing expressionlessly he does. Thunder RUMBLES and rain SLASHES. He carefully d just the right amount of potassium from the bottle to the syringe, peering at the procedure against the light of hi desk lamp. He sets the cigarette on the ashtray, switches the hypodermic to his right hand, holds his left arm rigi out under the light of the lamp...
0) 468) text: He turns slowly to the doorway, his bare left arm still  rigidly extended, the belt dangling, the hypodermic clenc in his other hand. Barbara is perfectly framed in the doo He stares at her, slowly suffusing with the numb, blind,  total rage of the aborted suicide. The thunder CRASHES.
0) 471) dialog: Potassium. You take enough of this  stuff, it'll kill you, Doc. (moves toward the  couch) It occurred to me that I might have  read you wrong, that you really were  suicidal. So I came back.
0) 489) dialog: What time is it?
0) 492) dialog: Talk to me about what?
0) 495) dialog: Is this your way of saying you'd  like me to stay in town a few more  days?
0) 500) dialog: I expect you can call me Barbara,  considering you ravished me three  times last night.
0) 502) dialog: Oh, look at him, pretending he didn't  count. You were as puffed up as a  toad about it. Punched a couple of  holes in your crusade for universal  impotence, didn't it? I think we're  on a first name basis by now. I'll  call you Herb.
0) 504) dialog: (a frown darkens her  face) No, I don't want my father in this  hospital. I had a dream about this  hospital. (some of the terror  shows on her face) I dreamt this enormous starched white  tile building suddenly erupted like  a volcano, and all the patients,  doctors, nurses, attendants,  orderlies, the whole line staff, the  food service people, the aged, the  lame -- and you right in the middle --  were stampeding in one hideous  screaming suicidal mass into the  sea. (she stares at him  wide-eyed, reliving  the dream) I'm taking my father out of here --  and as quickly as I can.
0) 508) dialog: Well, let me put it this way. I love  you. I fancied you from the first  moment you came lumbering down that  hallway upstairs. I said to Mr.  Blacktree, "Who's that hulking bear  of a man?" The Apaches are reverential  about bears. They won't eat bear  meat; they never skin bears. Bear is  thought of as both benign and evil,  but very strong power. Men with bear  power are highly respected and are  frequently said to be great healers.
0) 510) dialog: I said to Mr. Blacktree, "That man  gets his power from the bear."
0) 512) text: Barbara reaches for her coffee, sips, moves around in her tent of a coat.
0) 513) dialog: All right, let me put it this way,  Herb. My father and I accept the  implacability of death. If he dies,  he dies, but I'm taking him out of  here and back to Mexico about one  o'clock this afternoon. I want you  to come with us, because I love you  and want children.
0) 515) dialog: We could use you down there, you  know. There's a curiously high  incidence of T.B. And you'd be a  doctor again, Herb. You'd be necessary  again. If you love me, I don't see  what other choice you have.
0) 517) dialog: Oh, for heaven's sake, Herb, I ought  to know if a man loves me or not.  You must have told me half a hundred  times last night you loved me. You  murmured it, shouted it; one time,  you opened the window and bellowed  it out into the street.
0) 519) dialog: Gratitude for what?
0) 521) dialog: Well, my God, what do you think love  is?
0) 523) dialog: It's up to ten days now.
0) 525) dialog: No. I've had these prophetic dreams  for seven nights. Seven is a sinister  number. The meaning of these dreams  is very clear, seven times as clear.  I am to get my father and you out of  this hospital before we are all  destroyed.
0) 527) dialog: (who's been slipping  into the nurse's  uniform) Yeah?
0) 529) dialog: So how come, eight hours ago, you  were trying to kill yourself with an  overdose of potassium?
0) 531) text: This last in reference to Barbara crossing to the secreta office, zippering her uniform.
0) 533) dialog: (gathering her coat  and purse) My hotel. I have to check out. Mr.  Blacktree doesn't speak any English.
0) 535) dialog: Of course. I have to settle the bill  here and pack my father. And I think  you need a few hours alone to make  your decisions.
0) 537) dialog: You're a very tired and very damaged  man. You've had a hideous marriage  and I assume a few tacky affairs  along the way. You're understandably  reluctant to get involved again.  And, on top of that, here I am with  the preposterous idea you throw  everything up and go off with me to  some barren mountains of Mexico. It  sounds utterly mad, I know. On the  other hand, you obviously find this  world as desolate as I do. You did  try to kill yourself last night. So  that's it, Herb. Either me and the  mountains or the bottle of potassium.  I'll be back in an hour or so. I'll  be in my father's room.
0) 714) dialog: I can't make it here, Herb. I'll  crack up. I cracked up once already.  One week here, and I'd be running  naked through the streets screaming  again. I can retain my sanity only  in a simple society.
0) 716) dialog: I am being sensible. What is it you're  so afraid of leaving here? Your  plastic home? Your conditioned air?  Your synthetic clothes? Your instant  food? I'm offering you green silence  and solitude, the natural order of  things. Mostly, I'm offering me. I  think we're beautiful, Herb.
0) 718) dialog: I don't know why you even hesitate.  What's holding you here? Is it your  wife?
0) 720) dialog: Herb, don't ask me to stay here with  you, because I love you, and I will.  And we'll both be destroyed.
0) 722) dialog: I've got the bill here to pay yet.
0) 728) text: Barbara has continued walking. Bock starts to follow her.
0) 729) dialog: I'll go pay the bill.
0) 733) text: Barbara is disappearing into an elevator. Bock starts aft her, then turns back to Lagerman.
0) 752) text: Drummond pauses in his strangling and, releasing the poor man altogether, turns to his daughter in the doorway. CAMERA DOLLIES to include all three -- Bock recuperating; Drummond staring madly; and Barbara infuriated with her  father.
0) 753) dialog: (annoyed) We all thought you were at Death's  Door! What're you doing out of bed?
0) 755) dialog: (to Bock) What happened? Did he say anything  to you?
0) 758) dialog: What do you mean he killed two doctors  and a nurse?
0) 843) dialog: (to Bock) God, what do we do now? Let me take  him back to Mexico. It's a simple  world there. If you turn him in,  they'll just cage him in the Rockland  State Hospital for the Criminally  Insane. Let me take him back, Herb.
0) 846) dialog: Oh dear, he's having another  revelation.
0) 857) text: Bock moves past Mrs. Donovan and into the pharmacy where see him scouring the shelves for thorazine and a syringe. elevator arrives, disgorging Milton Mead and his resident assistant, Thomas Hitchcock and, of all people, Dr. Richa Welbeck himself. Barbara and Dr. Biegelman go into the  elevator. The doors close. Milton Mead and Hitchcock head for the west corridor. Welbeck, in his natty double-breas suit and carrying his cashmere coat, heads straight for t Nurses' Station.
0) 897) text: They reach an open elevator. Mead goes in, the doors clos The doors of a second elevator then open, and Barbara com out. She and Bock stare at each other. In background, Wel is on the phone at the Nurses' Station.
0) 898) dialog: The ambulance is here.
0) 902) text: REVERSE ACROSS Welbeck on phone at Nurses' Station. In th background, Bock and Barbara stare at him.
0) 911) text: He strides off angrily, followed by an anxious Bock and  Barbara, for the...
0) 914) text: He wrenches open the door of 806, marches in, followed by Bock and Barbara.
0) 933) text: The phone slips from his fingers. He turns to stare at Bo and Barbara.
0) 937) text: Barbara strips off her coat. She is still in nurse's unif She leans into the hall and calls a passing nurse.
0) 938) dialog: We have an emergency here.
0) 940) text: Barbara helps Bock get Welbeck's dead weight onto the flo On his knees, Bock straddles Welbeck's prone form, balls fist and belts Welbeck on his chest. He begins intensive  heart massage. Barbara gets down on her knees, opens Welb mouth and commences mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. In the  background, the P.A. system blandly echoes:
0) 947) dialog: (to Nurse Chile as  others begin moving  William Mead's bed  out of the room) Give him an ambu bag and an airway.
0) 967) text: If we can see anything of Welbeck through other bodies, w notice almost all his clothes have been ripped off his bo Dr. Loomis replaces Barbara.
0) 981) text: Bock looks across to Barbara, now helping out at the max  cart. She looks back at Bock. She shrugs. He shrugs. They exchange a smile.
0) 992) text: Welbeck's body is finally on the max cart. Nurses and doc converge on him. Dr. Loomis sets about intubating Welbeck and the Nursing Supervisor begins clamping the metal band of the E.K.G. machine on each of Welbeck's extremities. While all this goes on, Bock and Barbara have picked up t remnants of Welbeck's jacket, trousers, shirt and underwe Dr. Morse is squatting by the max-cart reading the E.K.G. script as it rolls slowly out of the cart.
0) 996) text: Barbara unsnaps her father's valise and stuffs Welbeck's  garments in it. Bock takes Welbeck's coat and piles Drumm things on top of that. The Nursing Supervisor hands Dr. Morse the defibrillating paddles to place on Welbeck's left breast.
0) 999) text: All back away from the max-cart. Bock and Barbara are at window, piled up with valise and coats; they look like th off for Europe.
0) 1001) text: He pushes the defibrillating button, sending an electric  shock through Welbeck's body so as to bounce it into the  air. Bock and Barbara remain at the window with heart-resuscit team in background. Barbara slips into her own coat, in  preparation for escape.
0) 1005) dialog: (sotto voce to Bock) What do we do now?
0) 1006) text: Bock is staring out the window. Barbara stares out with h THEIR P.O.V.: looking down onto the U-shaped drive of the entrance plaza of the hospital and First Avenue full of  traffic. A band of some fifty black and Puerto Rican yout including females and young white revolutionaries, most i Che Guevara garb, have broken past the security guards at the gates and spill across the drive. Some policemen and  security guards move tentatively out of the hospital to  intercept them. The shouting can't be heard from up here. Off-screen we h the activities of the resuscitation team.
0) 1013) text: CAMERA PANS SLOWLY UP over the melee in the plaza to the  fence. Barbara and Bock stare down at the crowd.
0) 1019) text: Bock, carrying two overcoats, and Barbara, wearing hers a carrying her father's valise, exit into...
0) 1024) text: Bock and Barbara hurry toward the elevators.
0) 1065) text: The ambulance pulls up and Barbara gets out of it.
0) 1066) dialog: (taking her father  around to the back) We have to hurry, Dad.
0) 1067) text: The light turns green. The traffic starts flowing around  them, disjoined by the ambulance blocking one lane on eac side of the dividing island. An ambulance attendant has o the back doors to get Drummond in. Barbara hurries toward the front, climbs in, holds the door open for Bock. He st a few paces back.