0) 30) text: Most of the placards are slogan-y: "PEOPLE YES! DOCTORS N "CURE POVERTY! HEAL THE POOR!" Two protesters move toward the street, waving and yelling at an approaching car. One young white fellow wears a sandwich board that goes into matter at some length: "WE PROTEST THE EVICTION OF 386 BL
0) 64) text: Bock lumbers off for the west corridor through a press of activity. Kitchen workers trundle creaking portable carts nurse's aids and attendants pop in and out of doorways be trays and used dishes. A robed patient or two ambulates a the hall. Morning rounds have just started, which means a clump of white-jacketed, white-trousered young doctors ar gathered in a gaggle at the far end. The group includes s resident MONROE BRUBAKER, junior resident HARVEY BIEGELMA interns SAM CHANDLER and IRVING AMBLER and another medica student, all lounging outside a door discussing the condi of the patient within. Chandler is presenting the case from a handful of notecar in his hand. The others lean against the walls, listening They wear shirts and ties with the exception of Ambler, w is new to the floor and still in the canonical white tuni under his jacket. They are all in their twenties and have swinger sideburns and occasional mustaches. When he spots Dr. Bock, senior resident Brubaker turns the rounds over Biegelman and joins Bock just outside 806.
0) 123) text: The doctor is obviously in. He can be seen through the op door sitting at his desk writing in a notebook. Bock lean in.
0) 155) text: The doctors move off toward the solarium on the east corr overlooking the river. They pass a curious quartet of peo consisting of a very handsome YOUNG WOMAN in her late twe in an out-of-fashion miniskirt (She has great legs, long tanned.); an ELDERLY MAN, uncomfortable in city clothes a unmistakably an INDIAN; a tall overcoated man in his fort wearing a MINISTER's white collar; and a DISTINGUISHED MA dressed in fashionable gray who is trying to persuade the young woman of something. The young woman and the Indian  stand absolutely still, silent, impassive. The minister i more fidgety.
0) 159) text: Bock and Brubaker, trailed by young doctors, move into th TV room.
0) 266) text: He rumbles toward the door. The class of doctors dissolve into hospital murmurs and mutters and a general dispersal They follow Bock out to...
0) 273) text: The nurse nods indifferently. ACROSS to Bock coming out of the TV room, followed by som dozen young doctors. Bock is in very good spirits indeed. quizzes his young doctors en route:
0) 287) text: The doctors exchange a look as Bock rises, moves toward t laughing.
0) 551) text: DR. WELBECK appears in the doorway. He's in his fifties,  gray, distinguished and very tanned with terribly, terrib kindly old country doctor eyes. He wears a camel hair top He smiles benignly and twinkles at Sundstrom from one of leather chairs across the desk from the Director.
0) 569) text: He opens the door of the staff room and strides in. Even  before he enters, we get a blast of angry voices, both ma and female. For the moment the door is ajar, we see a har Milton Mead being assailed by angry blacks and Puerto Ric and young white activist doctors.
0) 579) text: A white doctor jumps in from the left.
0) 580) dialog: Let's... let's get down to the core  of this matter.
0) 668) text: Apparently, none of these three. Mrs. Christie turns in f the outer corridor. Normal Operating Room activity flows patients wheeled to and from their various surgeries, sur checking the blackboard, staff doctors, orderlies keeping the noise level low but steady.
0) 713) text: His eyes are caught by a white doctor's uniform hanging i the armoire along with the suits and overcoats of the two patients in the room. He bends over to peer at the namepl over the breast pocket.
0) 983) text: Straining under the effort, the three doctors get Welbeck off the floor.
0) 1027) text: Others in the troop shout reassurances, but it doesn't re reassure anybody. The lady in the gift shop closes her do and locks up. People crowd in a solid block in the doorwa to the coffee shop to see what's going on. From the long tunnels of corridors, nurses, doctors,  administrative personnel pause in their chores and errand and missions to watch the tide of events in the lobby.