0) 177) text: ...and in the other room, a man in his thirties is being  treated for some sort of head lacerations. In one treatme room, the Chief of Emergency Service, DR. SPEZIO, a man i his late thirties, along with an intern, an anesthesiolog and a nurse, is bent over a naked and comatose young blac woman of eighteen, covered somewhat with a sheet. She's a junkie, being intubated, i.e. a small endotracheal tube h been inserted into her mouth. This is the most melodramat of the varied activity here. A middle-aged man complaining of chest pains is lying clo in another treatment room; a nurse attends him. An asthmatic middle-aged woman sits in still another room being administered her 500 mg. of amenophylene subcutaneo The curtains on another room are drawn for privacy. On ch in the corner sit a teenage boy with a badly sprained ank and an elderly man bathing his hand in an enamel basin he in his lap. A young mother with a five-year-old daughter with a badly cut arm is being attended to by the back wall. The Emerge Room Nursing Supervisor, MISS ARONOVICI, a pretty woman i her mid-twenties, is sterilizing the little girl's wound. Mrs. Cushing makes her way to Miss Aronovici. They detest each other.
0) 185) text: There are now three nurses behind the desk, all of them o phones. One nurse calls to Dr. Spezio.
0) 187) dialog: (just leaving the  group around the  junkie) She's fine. We'd like to keep her  here a little while.
0) 190) dialog: (sighs, calls back to  the triage nurse) I'll be right back.
0) 196) dialog: (studies the paper) The kid had a collar fracture. We  had him in the O.R. We reduced it  and we gave him a small cast.
0) 217) text: Mrs. Cushing stares at the patient. He is not breathing.  Behind her, the nurse exits carrying whatever she came fo Mrs. Cushing turns to her, but she is gone. Frowning, Mrs Cushing backs out... ...as Dr. Spezio and others come down the corridor.
0) 219) dialog: (enters the Holding  Room) Why do you say that, Mrs. Cushing?
0) 222) dialog: Oh, Christ.
0) 224) dialog: How the hell long has this man been  lying here? Isn't this that doctor  who came in around nine o'clock?
0) 821) dialog: (to triage nurse) Get an anesthesiologist, one-five- one-five...