0) 64) text: Bock lumbers off for the west corridor through a press of activity. Kitchen workers trundle creaking portable carts nurse's aids and attendants pop in and out of doorways be trays and used dishes. A robed patient or two ambulates a the hall. Morning rounds have just started, which means a clump of white-jacketed, white-trousered young doctors ar gathered in a gaggle at the far end. The group includes s resident MONROE BRUBAKER, junior resident HARVEY BIEGELMA interns SAM CHANDLER and IRVING AMBLER and another medica student, all lounging outside a door discussing the condi of the patient within. Chandler is presenting the case from a handful of notecar in his hand. The others lean against the walls, listening They wear shirts and ties with the exception of Ambler, w is new to the floor and still in the canonical white tuni under his jacket. They are all in their twenties and have swinger sideburns and occasional mustaches. When he spots Dr. Bock, senior resident Brubaker turns the rounds over Biegelman and joins Bock just outside 806.
0) 175) text: Facing the desk are six curtained treatment rooms, mostly open to view. Behind the desk are a supply room and anoth treatment room. Both are occupied, the former by a PARANO LADY wringing her hands in a paranoid rush and listened t by a very patient young intern.
0) 177) text: ...and in the other room, a man in his thirties is being  treated for some sort of head lacerations. In one treatme room, the Chief of Emergency Service, DR. SPEZIO, a man i his late thirties, along with an intern, an anesthesiolog and a nurse, is bent over a naked and comatose young blac woman of eighteen, covered somewhat with a sheet. She's a junkie, being intubated, i.e. a small endotracheal tube h been inserted into her mouth. This is the most melodramat of the varied activity here. A middle-aged man complaining of chest pains is lying clo in another treatment room; a nurse attends him. An asthmatic middle-aged woman sits in still another room being administered her 500 mg. of amenophylene subcutaneo The curtains on another room are drawn for privacy. On ch in the corner sit a teenage boy with a badly sprained ank and an elderly man bathing his hand in an enamel basin he in his lap. A young mother with a five-year-old daughter with a badly cut arm is being attended to by the back wall. The Emerge Room Nursing Supervisor, MISS ARONOVICI, a pretty woman i her mid-twenties, is sterilizing the little girl's wound. Mrs. Cushing makes her way to Miss Aronovici. They detest each other.
0) 785) text: ACROSS Drummond to the now empty other bed. All the light are on. PAN on Nurse Penny Canduso and an orderly wheelin away the wrapped body of Guernsey. Intern Schaefer, at th door, considers the empty bed with interest. Moving to th bedtable, he picks up the receiver of the phone.
0) 807) text: PAN SLOWLY across the Emergency Room to catch its state o contained febrility. Every curtained treatment room is  occupied, including the storage room in the back. The tri nurse and a second nurse behind the desk are busy on the  phones. The triage nurse takes the history of the first i line of five people seeking admission even as she answers her phone. We watch Miss Aronovici and the other nurse and Dr. Spezi and his two interns, the two attendants -- all busy with patient or another.
0) 819) dialog: (instructing attendant  with Mitgang) Better put him in the Holding Room.
0) 942) text: Mrs. Donovan and aides move C.A.C. into the room, immedia followed by Intern Chandler rushing past them.