0) 577) text: A black man jumps up and points off right.
0) 578) dialog: We don't want no goddam abortion...
0) 828) dialog: Well, it's an honor and a privilege,  Doctor. I've been here ten minutes,  I can't seem to get anybody to help  me. I'm suffering from some sort of  amnesia. I can't remember my name.  As a matter of fact, it's pretty  screwy. I got mugged. Two hours ago,  walking out of a coffee shop on Fifty- Seventh Street and Second Avenue,  eight o'clock in the morning, broad  daylight, I got mugged. A sixteen- year-old girl walks up to me, shows  me a knife about a yard long and  says, "Give me your wallet." I thought  she was kidding. I mean there's  hundreds of people walking right by.  Well, she wasn't kidding. "Listen,"  I said, "all I got's about twenty  bucks." So she takes the wallet  anyway. So I said, "How about leaving  me my identification?" I mean, I had  my driver's license, my Diner's Club,  my credit cards. But she took them  all, the whole damn wallet, credit  cards, everything. So I stopped some  guy, I said, "Hey, you see that girl  there, walking away?" He says, "Yeah."  I said, "She just stole my wallet,  credit cards and everything." He  says, "Well, that's what they want,  the credit cards." So I started  looking for a cop. I mean, go find a  cop, right? Well, I finally find a  cop. The girl's halfway to South  America by now, probably bought the  ticket with my credit cards. So the  cop says, "What's your name?" And  you want to know something? I couldn't  think of my name. The girl took all  my identification, you know what I  mean? She took all my credit cards.  So I said, "You know this is screwy.  I can't think of my name." So he  took me to the station house. The  sergeant says, "What's your name?" I  said, "I don't know! She took all my  credit cards!" So they took me down  here. So what do you think, Doctor?  I'm nuts, right? I finally flipped.
0) 829) text: PAN SLOWLY to Drummond who stares at the Nameless Man. In BACKGROUND the door opens and Mrs. Cushing, the lady f accounting, enters. She calls out in her annoying voice f a chart.