0) 64) text: Bock lumbers off for the west corridor through a press of activity. Kitchen workers trundle creaking portable carts nurse's aids and attendants pop in and out of doorways be trays and used dishes. A robed patient or two ambulates a the hall. Morning rounds have just started, which means a clump of white-jacketed, white-trousered young doctors ar gathered in a gaggle at the far end. The group includes s resident MONROE BRUBAKER, junior resident HARVEY BIEGELMA interns SAM CHANDLER and IRVING AMBLER and another medica student, all lounging outside a door discussing the condi of the patient within. Chandler is presenting the case from a handful of notecar in his hand. The others lean against the walls, listening They wear shirts and ties with the exception of Ambler, w is new to the floor and still in the canonical white tuni under his jacket. They are all in their twenties and have swinger sideburns and occasional mustaches. When he spots Dr. Bock, senior resident Brubaker turns the rounds over Biegelman and joins Bock just outside 806.
0) 611) dialog: It's legal for a doctor to incorporate  in New York, isn't it, Doctor?
0) 619) text: The RESIDENT ANESTHESIOLOGIST trundles over the oxygen ta takes the hypodermic syringe from Dr. Chu, who now applie the oxygen mask to the enmarbled profile of the patient. studies the gauges and equipment around him at the head o the operating table.
0) 625) dialog: I can't feel a thing, sir.
0) 634) dialog: She's just a young woman, sir. Do  you think we should open the chest?
0) 636) dialog: (off-screen) Bicarb?
0) 701) dialog: Her chart says Mangafranni. Her  bracelet says Mangafranni. The only  thing that isn't Mangafranni is the  woman.
0) 857) text: Bock moves past Mrs. Donovan and into the pharmacy where see him scouring the shelves for thorazine and a syringe. elevator arrives, disgorging Milton Mead and his resident assistant, Thomas Hitchcock and, of all people, Dr. Richa Welbeck himself. Barbara and Dr. Biegelman go into the  elevator. The doors close. Milton Mead and Hitchcock head for the west corridor. Welbeck, in his natty double-breas suit and carrying his cashmere coat, heads straight for t Nurses' Station.