0) 255) dialog: You're supposed to be such a big  wheel here.
0) 257) dialog: I'm not going to stay in a room with  a dying man...
0) 261) dialog: Big wheel, can't even get me a private  room.
0) 588) dialog: (under sedation) You know, I hallucinated last night.  I hallucinated there was an Indian  doing a war dance in here.
0) 590) dialog: (staring through his  sedation at her) There was?
0) 602) text: The orderly detaches himself from his cronies and exits. is into this atmosphere of subdued febrility that William Mead is wheeled.
0) 849) text: They both hurry out of the room. Drummond remains enmarbl in his trance. CAMERA SUDDENLY MOVES DOWN to William Mead whose eyes now open; he has heard it all. In background,  Drummond, suddenly released from his catatonic trance, he for the armoire and extracts the white trousers of Dr.  Schaefer's uniform. He puts them on, tucking in the tails his hospital shift. He notices William Mead staring at hi
0) 851) text: William Mead just stares at Drummond.
0) 875) dialog: I'm telling you, Milton, he pulls  out all the wires and the tubes, and  he gets up and puts on a doctor's  uniform, and he goes out, and he  murders doctors! He just went out  ten seconds before you came in!
0) 877) dialog: And I'll tell you something else  about this crazy place you got here!  There was a naked Indian in here  last night doing a war dance! That's  the kind of crazy place you're running  here, Milton! You got to get me out  of here, Milton. This is a crazy  place, Milton!
0) 879) dialog: (appealing to Bock) I wake up last night, there's a goddam  Indian in here, a naked Indian! What  kind of hospital is this?
0) 881) dialog: A couple of hours later I wake up  again, and the guy in that bed there  is getting out of the bed...
0) 885) dialog: All day long, he lays there like a  dead man. All of a sudden, in the  middle of the night, he gets out of  bed! I thought I was going crazy!
0) 887) dialog: You know what he says to me? He says,  you're hallucinating. Listen, I just  saw a naked Indian. Now, I'm seeing  a ghost. I got to figure he's right,  I'm hallucinating, right?
0) 889) dialog: You're not going to leave me alone  in this crazy place, Milton!
0) 891) dialog: Milton! Milton! Milton!!!
0) 917) text: William Mead stares dully at Welbeck. Then he looks dully Bock.
0) 919) dialog: What is this? Who... who is this  guy?
0) 922) dialog: I'm not Drummond, you monkey!  Drummond's the other bed!
0) 925) text: William Mead is painfully trying to get off his bed.
0) 926) dialog: I'm getting out of this nuthouse!
0) 929) dialog: I came in here just to get a lousy  polyp cut out.
0) 931) dialog: (appealing to the  gods) I'm a sick man! I'm supposed to have  peace and quiet!
0) 946) text: William Mead, of course, is still huddled under his sheet He peers out from under his covers in wide-eyed disbelief and ducks under again. Bock massages Welbeck's heart. Bar continues mouth-to-mouth. Nurse Felicia Chile hurries in, pushing the emergency cart before her.
0) 960) text: Hitchcock looks down at the sheeted figure hunched on the bed parked in the hallway and slowly pulls the sheet off head. William Mead stares up at him like a hunted animal. Hitchcock covers Mead's head again.