0) 19) dialog: Ellam irrukku... Chittu bites his lips and trying to look horny with an exaggerated surprise in his voice-
0) 22) dialog: Enga? Nagaraj, with an evil enthusiasm points to his dick with both his hands and says-—
0) 25) dialog: Yaara?
0) 29) dialog: Ellam pannuven All the other guys, in an exaggerated surprised tone- Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja
0) 32) dialog: Idhukku adhuve paravaaille! Nagaraj, looks up from his cards and asks-
0) 34) dialog: Thu! AREER Nobody finds it funny. Nagaraj slaps him tight. Pasupathy looks at Nagaraj with disgust. Pasupathy puts down his phone and looks at Sappai with pity-
0) 36) dialog: Vaanggitu vandhuten
1) 56) text: 94 Written by:Thiagarajan Kumararaja The ambassador takes off, leaving Sappai behind.
2) 0) text: Sappai enters and switches on the TV. He starts to watch action cartoon- Power Ranger types Subbu is in the terrace. Sappai walks up to the terrace, leaving the TV on. She looks gloomy. There’s a flight passing in the back of Sappai.
2) 2) dialog: Aiyyaa adichitaarennu varuthapadaa- -theenga; avaru nalla manushanthaan... she gets very aggressive, tears stream down her cheeks she starts shouting at Sappai
2) 4) dialog: Ille upsetaa irundeenga , ungalukku aarudhalaa edhavadhu sollaanu nenechen... subbu looks pissed and still crying
2) 6) dialog: Sorry... idhellam ennakku theriyaadhu! adhanaalathaan naan Sappai, yaarukkum enna pudikaadhu subbu lifts hers head as she is crying subbu aana enakku unna romba pudikkum subbu, crying , leans on his shoulder.
2) 7) dialog: Yean?
4) 14) dialog: Onakku kamal pudikkuma? rajini pudikkuma? She has a coy smile on her face.
4) 16) dialog: Adhaan ella mudunjiduche!! She laughs shyly. Sappai continues instantly.
4) 17) dialog: Sollu.. Kamala Rajniya?
4) 19) dialog: Kamal... Avardhaan kaadhal mannan. Ennama love pannuvaaru. Ella heroinayum pudichhu tighta kiss adipparu. Idhu parva illa..Hey Ram la Rani Mukherjeeya pudichi, kundiya kadichuduvaaru. Sappai laughs flirtatiously. Subbu bashfully-
4) 21) dialog: Yaen?
4) 23) dialog: illa- Rajni, Kamallaye oruthara solen? Subbu with a straight face
4) 25) dialog: Eai.. Ne enakkagadhaana sonney? She nods a yes with childish innocence. Sappai feels prou about reading her mind.
4) 26) dialog: Rajni ya? Yean?? Subbu treats it like a silly question with an obvious answer.
4) 28) dialog: Yendha padam?? There is an excitement in Subbu’s face and tone. 44 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja
4) 30) dialog: Yaen?
4) 32) dialog: Enna maari, ellarum naan sappenu nenachuttu iruppanga, aana na yevalavu periya aalunu yaarukkum theriyaadhu. She smiles with pride. He roars and jumps on her like a tiger cub (more sweet than horny). Suddenly there is a knock on the door. The sweet mellow mood changes to panic filled silence. They look at each other.
4) 33) dialog: Aiyayo!! Aiyaa. Subbu is frozen , sitting on the bed with the bedsheet around her naked body. She starts to get frantically dressed. He gathers her clothes thrown around the floor a the bed and throws them at her. She takes them all and rushes to the bathroom. Again, there is a knock on the door. He wears his shirt and desperately searches for his pants, between sheets, under the cots etc..He is totally flustered and panic stricken as there is more knocking on the door. He sits on the corner of the bed in his underwe and shirt, totally broken and starts crying like a baby. Tears flow from his eyes, his mouth opens, but no sound comes out. Suddenly Subbu’s bathroom door opens and she throws Sappai’s pant from inside. The camera movements ar frantic during the scene. Sappai tries to gain back his composure, wears his pants and rushes to open the door. A the door opens, there is no one waiting. Just two water cans delivered in front of the door. He cries aloud, shut the door after taking the cans inside. Subbu steps out of the bathroom, fully dressed. He sits dazed. She looks at him. When he notices her, she breaks down and comes close 4s Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja to him. Subbu sits on Sappai’s lap and sounds very vulnerable.
5) 100) dialog: Ok Subbu looks a bit sad-
9) 24) dialog: Subbu... puzhuva meen thinnum..meena manushan thimbaan.. Life appdidhaan.
9) 27) dialog: Naa oruvaatti namma plana sollidaraen. Correctaanu paathukoo..umm? Subbu looks at him with concentration.
9) 29) dialog: poottittu saaviya munnamaariye vechuduvae- Adhu ondi un poruppu, enna? Subbu nods yes. Sappai continues...
9) 30) dialog: Naan bagai yeduthuttu poyi Annachi kadaila kuduthuttu, nano ammavo vandhu yeduthupomnu sollitu vandiruvaen. Aiyaa ezhundha odane nee cinema ku ponum nu kelu, aiyaa unna thaniya va anupuvaaru? Enna dhane kooda anupuvaaru? Apdiye kelambi cinema ku pora madri poi bag ah eduthutu escape. 29 Written by:Thiagarajan Kumararaja Subbu repeats...
9) 32) dialog: Cinemakku 3 mani neram. Poyittu varathukku oru rendu mani neram, 5 mani nerathukku singaperumaal thedamattaan
9) 35) dialog: Avalavudhaan...
9) 40) text: Sappai boasts- 83 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja
9) 41) dialog: Naduvila Aiyaava Singaperumaalnu sonnaen gavanichiya? Subbu smiles and nods her head.
9) 52) dialog: Bayama iruku subbu, sodhapitomna?
9) 55) dialog: Yaen Subbu? Subbu avoids his touch and look. SUBBU (crying) Sollaraen illa.. Vaenaam. Aiyaavukku mattum oru vaatti, orey oru vaatti konjoondu sandhegam vandhudhu naa (Breathing heavily) yenna yenna venumnaalum pannikattum..aana unna She stops breathing and starts crying like a helpless child. Sappai shitless and is now clueless. Subbu continues in her soft voice.
9) 57) dialog: Subbu                        !
9) 61) dialog: Risk edukalaam subbu. Escape aayidalam
9) 63) dialog: Ena, ennakkum unna romba pudikkum! Kaalayan’s scream is heard really loud. The scene shifts the torture chamber with Kaalayan. Kaalayan is totally battered with more wounds than earlier, drops down to the floor from his chair. With his fall, his small snuff box trips out of his pocket. Kaalayan, frantically takes a large dosage and puts it in his nose. The drug hits him. With madness in his eyes, he goes on.. KAALAYAN (Optional line) Okkala oli .Ippa adraa yenna. Ippo adi. Yaen payyan irukkanda ungala azhichuduvaan da. Aeii.. Kalayn faints totally losing his consciousness. Aiyaa is puzzled.
11) 0) text: Aiyaa walks upto the private area. He takes off his sweat blood stained clothes one by one- shirt,baniyan,vaeshti etc. as he walks towards his room.subbu is in front of th TV but is lost. ‘Shake your tail feather’ video is playin on TV. He throws the cupboard key from his hips, he place the pistol in the drawer. Sappai is standing around awkwardly. Aiyaa moving to music, stares at Subbu and dro down his veshti, she looks away. He looks at Sappai and drops his underwear and walks to the bathroom. After Aiya closes the bathroom door behind him, Subbu and Sappai loo at each other. When they are about to say something, the door opens. Aiyaa abruptly peeps out with a bottle of oil 04 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja
11) 7) dialog: Aiyaa muzhuchutu irukaaru, ippo eppadi? Subbu replies in a hushed voice, speaking really fast, ye clear. os Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja
11) 13) dialog: Aiyaa vandhu naan enga nu kaettaarna?? Sappai stands still. Subbu is shocked that Sappai stops.. they don’t have an answer. Sappai thinks for a moment-
11) 14) dialog: naan naan samaalichikiren! 046 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja Sappai is about to leave
11) 17) dialog: Edhukku?!
11) 62) dialog: Amma-dhaan pazham vaangitu vara sonnaanga... Aiyaa charges towards Sappai and kicks him hard. Sappai freezes in fear. Tears roll. Aiyaa rushes to his drawer where he keeps his gun. But th drawer is empty. Aiyaa slowly turns to Sappai. Sappai is holding his gun with both his hands.
11) 63) dialog: Idhadhaana thaedre? Yennayae kolla paakkara illey? Nee bayandhadhu correctudhaan Subbu. 106 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja Aiyaa is shocked and gets wild at Subbu.
11) 65) dialog: Sodhapitiya Subbu? Subbu sounds calm and composed.