0) 0) dialog: Ungallukku mudiyalena enna en adikareenga? He punches her even harder,blood seeps out of her lips. T background retro music grows louder and reaches unbearable decibel. Aiyaa gets up and storms out of the room. Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja 2. INT. SINGAPERUMAL’S HOUSE (BOYS ROOM) - DAY Another run down room with very sparse furniture- a few benches, a significant chair, a roll top desk with an old record player and a bunch of retro records on it. Old photographs adorn the walls. ROBIN(21), a lean, mean Anglo-Indian guy wearing a figure hugging T.Shirt which reads ‘Saturday Night, Semma Tight’ is scanning through his records, playing the music. Other guys in the room are chatting and laughing. NAGARAJ (37), a slimy looking guy is playing cards with CHITTU (26), who has a boyish charm about him. Chittu loo pretty hippy in retro clothes and styling. PASUPATHY (32) a dynamic looking smart guy is on the phone. Aiyaa enters in full fury and shouts at Robin
2) 0) text: Sappai enters and switches on the TV. He starts to watch action cartoon- Power Ranger types Subbu is in the terrace. Sappai walks up to the terrace, leaving the TV on. She looks gloomy. There’s a flight passing in the back of Sappai.
2) 3) dialog: Enna nalla manushan? Ennakku avaru Paethi vayasu irrukkum- thookitu vandhu Vappatiyaa vechirukaaru- idhu dhan un nalla manashanaa? -pause- hy Written by:Thiagarajan Kumararaja innikku kaalile avarukku mudiyaamey poiduchu... adha maraikaradhukku enna pottu adichuttaaru, Avaru unakku nalla manushanaa... Sappai feels sorry for Subbu and looks very apologetic
2) 5) dialog: Un moonji... poda
2) 8) dialog: Yeanna neeyum enna maadiridhan... she holds him tight , Sappai tries to console her.she cries harder. Subbu loosen s her grip, then looks at him ,she kisses him . There is an uncomfortable silence in the air. They make out
4) 15) dialog: Yaen? Enna ushaar panna poraya? Sappai, with full pride in his voice..
4) 18) dialog: Nee sollu..
4) 20) dialog: Enakku Vijayakanth dhaan pudikkum. Az Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja Sappai looks bewildered. (He has “Enna koduma saravnan” written all over his face).
4) 22) dialog: Avardhaan Pakistan kitte irundhu Indiava Kappathuvaaru. Thappu senjadhu yaara irudhaalum thuninju thatti kaepparu. Ladiesuku oru aabathuna risk eduthu sandaipoduvaaru. Sappai lovingly does drishti for her/ Just holds her cheeks.
4) 24) dialog: Kamal Sappai laughs in disbelief. He chides her.
4) 27) dialog: Yaenna avar Rajni.
4) 29) dialog: Basha.
4) 31) dialog: Yaenna, naamallam avara appavinu nenachutu iruppom.. aana avarthaan periya Basha Sappai wonders for a second and continues... .
4) 34) dialog: Thirumbavum onna uyiroda pappaenne nenaikkala. Sappai is unable to stop himself from crying. But, as she looks at him, he controls his tears , trying to be a man. she turns away he starts to cry
5) 85) dialog: Aiy, aiy! Niruthunga.. niruthunga!!
5) 87) dialog: Vidunga, vidunga! Avaru aiyaa oda Aaluthaan! The guys stop hitting him immediately. Subbu and Sappai walk away upset.
5) 89) dialog: Indha oorle enga ponaalum Aiyaava therinjavangalaaaa.. irukkaanga ille? -pause- parakkum thattule, pacha manushanga vandhu, nammala vera ulagathukku thookittu poitaa, soopera irrulumille? Angathan Aiyaa thollaiye irrukaadhu!
5) 92) dialog: Aamaayille! Sappai looks proud of his idea
5) 96) dialog: Bombay’ le muppadaavudhu maadile Veedu vaangikkalam - Bombay fullaa theriyaramaari!
5) 98) dialog: 
5) 101) dialog: Adhukkellaam neriya kaasu venumey...? The beggar walks up to them and asks for alms. Sappai nod no. She too nods no. The beggar seems persistent and sits diagnolly opposite to them, making them feel really uncomfortable. Sappai tries to ignore and get along with their conversation
5) 103) dialog: Ille.. anga ponaa namma jammunnu Trukkanum -pause- naan vena hindi cinemaale heroine aayidaren, nee en manageraa iru! Subbu is excited. But, Sappai just snubs her with a straight face
5) 105) dialog: Poraamai thaana? Andha hero-nga ellaam enna thottaa unnakku pudikaadhille?
5) 110) dialog: Aana, Gentle man padathile vara maari, kettavanga kitte irundhu eduthaa thapilale? Sappai looks up and with a tinge of sarcasm-
9) 22) dialog: Naama pannardhu thappu illiyae? Sappai nods no confidently.
9) 25) dialog: Appudi solriya nee!!?? Subbu nods as if convinced. Again she starts off hesitantly..
9) 26) dialog: Aana ,naama correcta panniduvom illa? Sappai gets into a serious mood with concentration in his eyes.
9) 28) dialog: Ippo pogumbodhu Aiyaa madhyaanam thokkam pottutu irupparu. Naama nicea saaviya yeduthhu, beerokule irundhu bagai yeduthukkarom... Sappai points to Subbu highlighting her role.
9) 31) dialog: Escape They both have a broad happy smile after the word “escape
9) 33) dialog: Adukku1 12 [Sas Naama Andhra thaandirupome ! Both smile again, innocently and hopefully.
9) 34) dialog: Easy!
9) 36) dialog: Simple! She says this and crosses the road flippantly, without checking the oncoming traffic. Two autos coming at great speed with bigile and son of gun stickers on it are about to hit her, but Sappai drags her just in time and saves h life. SAPPAI (silly pride) Paathhu Subbu... unakku onnumae therila ,naan irundhathinaale thappichai! hana nee dhan eppavun en koodave trupiye! As Sappai’s voice is filled with care and concern, Subbu looks at him with love and gratitude.
9) 42) dialog: Bayam pogala..aana dhairyam vandirchu. They cross the road silently. The mood is mellow. 42. INT/EXT.SINGAPERUMAAL’S HOUSE (TORTURE ROOM) .DAY The pleasant expression on Subbu and Sappai’s face turns one of horror as they hear an ear-piercing scream. They rush towards the source of the sound and peep anxiously into the window. They see a fragile man, Kaalayan sitting in the chair. His mouth is bleeding and he is crying helplessly. Aiyaa, Nagaraj and two other men stand there menacingly around the poor man. Kaalayan pleads.
9) 53) dialog: 
9) 56) dialog: Yenna nenachukittu irundhom naama...avar yaaru..? ooraye control pannaravaru. -Pause- Naama.. makku illa?? She again starts to cry helplessly. She says with a soft loving voice..
9) 58) dialog: Indha plan venaamae!? SAPPAI (weakly En? SUBBU (cryin) Ena ennakku unna romba pudikkum!
9) 60) dialog: Ennakku inga irrukka pudikalae... Sappai thinks for a moment
9) 62) dialog: En?
11) 0) text: Aiyaa walks upto the private area. He takes off his sweat blood stained clothes one by one- shirt,baniyan,vaeshti etc. as he walks towards his room.subbu is in front of th TV but is lost. ‘Shake your tail feather’ video is playin on TV. He throws the cupboard key from his hips, he place the pistol in the drawer. Sappai is standing around awkwardly. Aiyaa moving to music, stares at Subbu and dro down his veshti, she looks away. He looks at Sappai and drops his underwear and walks to the bathroom. After Aiya closes the bathroom door behind him, Subbu and Sappai loo at each other. When they are about to say something, the door opens. Aiyaa abruptly peeps out with a bottle of oil 04 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja
11) 6) text: Subbu picks the cupboard keys.
11) 8) dialog: Aana saetu vandha kaasu poidumey. Aiyaa kuluchuttu varathukkulla nee poyi kadaila vechuttu vandhudu vandhura mudiyuma? Please vera chance eh kedaikaadhu !!! While Subbu opens the cupboard, the phone rings. Both of them panic and freeze. After two rings, Aiyaa’s voice is heard from the bathroom in a high pitch.
11) 12) dialog: Seekiram! Seekiram! He’s about to leave with the bag.
11) 15) dialog: Oru nimishanm... Subbu gives him a long, meaningful look.
11) 16) dialog: Bayamaa irrukku Subbu pulls out the pistol from the drawer and gives it t Sappai.
11) 18) dialog: Vechukko , Vechukko Subbu waves a bye to Sappai in a cute way. Sappai leaves with the pistol. 47. INT. BUILDING AT THE DEAD END (Binny Mill’s ).DAY It is an empty desolate run down building. Pasupathy and Kodukkapuli stand in quite dark corner. Pasupathy looks a bit restless.~
11) 66) dialog: Illaye.. Sappai turns around ,a cold , confident Subbu who shoots him with an emotionless, calm face. She fires again ,the bullet travels in slow motion to his heart. Flash cuts of her story /plan. > Subbu listening to Chittu attentively from her room as he goes on ‘azhuthitae irrukkumbodhu aadharavu kudukira maari matter mudichida vendiyadhuthaan’- shots of her crying, subbu-‘aana, ennakku unna romba pudikkum’, sappai hugging, they making out > Train scene - namakku therinja ore kettavar Aiyaa’thaan. Subbu saying “aiyaa kitaye thirudita?’where cunningly notices sappey’s reaction then goes back to her innocent face > Sappai terrifying and opting out - subbu hugging him and saying ‘ennakku inga irrukka pudikalai’, he saying ‘escape aayidalaam’, she smiling over his shoulder slyly and continues to cry. > Subbu handing aiyaa’s gun to sappai 107 Written by: Thiagarajan Kumararaja > Subbu after saying bye to Sappai, running back to the cup board and placing the key > Subbu pulling out gun from red chilly box in the kitchen, hides it behind her back (while aiyaa calls for sappai). The bullet hits him. He falls down in hi speed ,Subbu’s over the shoulder shot on Sappai. CHITTU’s VO Machi..Naa oru nooru Auntya Kavithurupen, adhula oru moonu Aunty yenna kavuthiruchu idhellam sappa matteru Smoke clears ,Subbu’s shot like a super star .she fires again SUBBU’s(old_ VO) Naama avara appaveenu nenachittu iruppom, aana unmaila avarthaan periya Baasha. SUBBU (to Sappai’s corpse) Otha joker! Sappai is lying gruesomely with blood oozing out as subbu empties her gun on him. There is a loud gun shot heard fr outside the door. Subbu turns sharply to the door but her gun is empty. Pasupathy walks in with a pointed gun. The focus shifts to Nagaraj who is dying on the floor behind the door. Pasupathy enters the room. He sees Aiyaa’s dead body. Sappai’s gun, Sappai’s dead body and then Subbu (In the same order). Subbu sits down looking weak and broken. She drops the gun and starts crying uncontrollably. Pasupathy looks at her sympathetically. He speaks to her a soft, concerned voice.
11) 78) dialog: Nandri Annachi.
11) 80) dialog: Romba Nalla irukkaru Subbu walks out of the store with a broad smile.