1) 0) text: Forty Customers and fifteen Employees are going about the business. The Customers are a cross section of New York C They inctude CHAIM, 60, a Hasidic Jew, NANCY, 24, attract with large breasts, dressed provocatively, BRIAN, 8, Afri American, playing a Nintendo Gameboy, his father RAY, 29, African-American, MIRIAM, 60, white, SETH, 19, white with dreadlocks, in a “Rage Against the Machine” T-shirt, STAN 73, white, with a bald spot, ERIC and BRAD, two male homosexuals in their forties, and Dalton, clean-shaven, disguised as a construction worker, in a hard hat, sunglasses, workboots, a white paper/plastic jumpsuit, a flannel shirt over the jumpsuit top, and a tool belt, a mouthguard and eye goggles hanging around his neck. He carries an industrial type flashtight in each hand. The flashlights appear to be off
22) 0) text: Interview 6: Chaim
22) 2) dialog: One guy did most of the talking. He told everyone else what to do.
22) 4) dialog: No. Never. They kept us in rooms with the doors tocked the whole time. We never Knew what they were doing. Interview 3: Peltz. Click Here & Upgrade Expanded Features | PDF Unlimited Pages 40. Complete i Peltz has laid out 14 photos, including Steve and the wom we will soon come to know as Stevie.
29) 0) text: Interview 5: Chaim
29) 3) dialog: | doubt it.
29) 5) dialog: This | can do. Chaim sorts through the photos, chooses twelve we don’t s CHAIM (CONT ‘D) These | remember seeing in the bank before it happened.
29) 7) dialog: Sometimes | carry lots of cash. | like to know who the people around me are. interview 8: Steve
29) 19) dialog: A bit. What do you need?
29) 21) dialog: Depends. If you like, 1 can give you my nephew's number. He'll take good care of you. Policeman's discount. You know.
30) 0) text: Ten masked hostages are seated in the room. Mate and fema We recognize the bearded Chaim beneath his mask.
30) 4) dialog: I'd kill for a hot dog and a beer now Click Here & Upgrade| Expanded Features i PDF Unlimited Pages ; 59
30) 6) dialog: I’m not actually a Rabbi.
30) 10) dialog: Sure. Go nuts. INT. BANK BASEMENT SUPPLY ROOM — 9:00 PM Steve and Steve-O stand over a two-foot hole in the floor Steve-O has the pick-axe. Their mouthguards and goggles h around their necks and we see their faces. Steve-O is Peltz. Inside the hole, we see a sewer pipe.
69) 0) text: From the car, we see Miller and Mitchell enter the bank. see Steve, Steve-0, Stevie, and CHAIM, sitting in the car