0) 1) dialog: My name is Dalton Russell. Pay strict attention to what | say, because | choose my words carefully, and | never repeat myself. He wears no shirt. A tattoo on his chest says “Murder wil out. Certain, it will not fail - Chaucer.” He reads a sma worn Bible, wears white light cotton drawstring pants, an sits up on a mattress with his back to the wail. DALTON (CONT ’D) |’ve toid you my name. That's the ‘who’ The ‘where’ could most readily be described as a prison cell. But there's a vast difference between being stuck’“in a tiny cell and being in prison. And | am not in prison. The ‘what’ is easy. Recentiy, | planned, and set in motion events to execute, the perfect bank robbery. That's aiso the ‘when’. As for the ‘why', beyond the obvious financial motivation, it’s exceedingly simple: Because | can. Which leaves us only with the ‘how’. And therein, as the Bard would tell us, lies the rub.
1) 0) text: Forty Customers and fifteen Employees are going about the business. The Customers are a cross section of New York C They inctude CHAIM, 60, a Hasidic Jew, NANCY, 24, attract with large breasts, dressed provocatively, BRIAN, 8, Afri American, playing a Nintendo Gameboy, his father RAY, 29, African-American, MIRIAM, 60, white, SETH, 19, white with dreadlocks, in a “Rage Against the Machine” T-shirt, STAN 73, white, with a bald spot, ERIC and BRAD, two male homosexuals in their forties, and Dalton, clean-shaven, disguised as a construction worker, in a hard hat, sunglasses, workboots, a white paper/plastic jumpsuit, a flannel shirt over the jumpsuit top, and a tool belt, a mouthguard and eye goggles hanging around his neck. He carries an industrial type flashtight in each hand. The flashlights appear to be off
3) 0) text: STEVE, 30, a muscular white male, sits in the driver's se dressed like a painter ready for an industrial job. He we a disposable white paper/plastic jumpsuit, matching hairc and shoe-covers. A pair of goggies obscures his eyes. mouthguard covers his mouth. In the passenger scat sits STEVIE, 28, a woman dressed in the same manner. She also wears her goggles and mouthguard, hiding her facial detai In the rear of the van, which has no seats, sits STEVE-O, disguised exactly like Steve, but slimmer, shorter and te imposing. We cannot identify their faces. Their fourth accomplice, Dalton, they refer to as Steven. The confusio intentional. Coltectively, they are THE CREW. Steve parks the van and turns it off. He and Stevie exit van and walk to the rear.
5) 0) text: The Crew enter the bank like painters approaching a job. Steve secures the doors with a pre-fitted metal brace. BANG, Chaos. Stevie sets off three smal! explosives. Loud noises and s fill the bank and cause chaos but harm no one. People scr and run or hit the floor. Steve-O and Stevie pull M16s fr Steve's knapsack. Dalton pulls on his goggles and mouthgu removes his flannel shirt and pulls out a Smith & Wesson revolver.
5) 1) dialog: (shout ing) Everybody get down on the fucking floor! Now! You have four seconds. Anyone sti li standing gets shot! One. Two. Three. Sitence. A beat. Dalton looks around. Only Chaim is still standing. Dalton watks up to him, points his gun at him.
5) 3) dialog: You get the same treatment as everyone else, Rabbi. Now get down! Chaim doesn’t move. Dalton kicks him down to the floor. DALTON (CONT ’D) My friends and | are making a very large withdrawal from this bank. !f you get in our way you get a bullet in the brain. Dalton paints a forced smile on his face for a moment, th drops it quickly, and his expression is cold and blank DALTON (CONT ’D) Plenty of people out there waiting for your kidneys, hearts and livers.
6) 2) dialog: Get back! I've got hostages. You fucking cops come near this door and }"11 start killing people. I'm not kidding man. Dalton slams the door shut and replaces the brace. Inside, Dalton's expression quickly returns to calm, He smiles confidently, satisfied with this performance.
7) 22) dialog: Not enough. Steve-0, check downstairs.
7) 26) dialog: Are they laying down on the ground with their eyes closed?
7) 28) dialog: Stevie, take your employees downstairs and send Steve-O up with his customer. (to STEVE) Steve.
7) 30) dialog: (stating the obvious) Give Stevie a bag, please.
10) 0) text: Dalton addresses the bank employees, who sit on the floor
10) 1) dialog: First, I'm sorry for scaring you before, but in the end it's better for all of you if you just do what | say. Now, | need everybody to take your cellular phones, and your keys out of your pockets and handbags, and hold them in the air. Steve-0 enters the room. Dalton takes a stick of CHEWING from a pack, unwraps it, places the gum in his mouth and wrapper in his pocket. All the employees take out their ce{lular phones and keys. Dalton grabs a garbage bag and collects the phones from the employees, until he reaches PETER HAMMOND, 45, in a blue suit, holding keys but no ph DALTON (CONT’D) What is your name?
10) 3) dialog: Peter what?
10) 5) dialog: Where's your cel! phone, Peter Hammond?
10) 7) dialog: Peter, think very carefully about how you answer the next question. Because if you get it wrong, your headstone will read, “Here lies Peter Hammond, Hero, who valiantly attempted, in vain, to prevent a brilliant bank robbery by trying to (MORE )
10) 10) dialog: hide his cellutar phone, but wound up getting shot in the fucking head.” Now, Peter Hammond, where is your cell phone?
10) 13) dialog: Oh, don’t worry about it. Steve-0 retrieves the cell phone from a corner of the roo where PETER had tossed it surreptitiously.
10) 14) dialog: Right. Well, we'll be back later. Dalton and Steve-O exit the room. The employees look arou at each other cautiously, but nobody speaks. BAM! The door bursts open. Steve-O and Steve run in and g Peter Hammond, who screams. They drag him out of the room kicking and yelling. The EMPLOYEES all look around at eac other, Dalton re-enters the room. DALTON (CONT’D) Anyone else here smarter than me? Dalton extends his open palm and eyes the EMPLOYEES. DEXT 32, black, in slacks, a tight blue shirt and a tie, reach into his pocket and pulls out a set of bank keys. Dalton approaches the man. He takes the keys. DALTON (CONT’D) And you are?
10) 16) dialog: Thanks, Dexter . Click Have & Upgrade Expanded Features Unlimited Pages ; 12.
10) 17) text: cone | Dalton exits the room, shutting the door behind him The EMPLOYEES eye the door nervously. DEXTER is watching praying it doesn't burst open again. The door opens quick but tess violently than before. They react with fear.
12) 15) dialog: Get up. Stan stands up cautiousty, avoiding Daiton's gaze. Dalton takes his arm and waiks him to the door. Steve fol lows.
14) 0) text: Dalton, Steve and Stevie, mouthguards and goggles still obscuring their faces, briskly tour the hall. They stop i front of a massive vault. The vault door is open, but the internal stee! bar door is closed. They peer through the to gaze at the money on the shelves inside.
14) 4) dialog: Come on.
15) 0) text: Frontal shot of Dalton, Stevie and Steve staring at the r which we can't sec. Their mouthguards and goggles cover t faces. We still see that Dafton is smiling.
15) 1) dialog: Beautiful Their POV: A supply room tweive feet wide and thirty feet deep. Metal she!ving units along ail the walls, loaded wi office suppties, }t looks like an ste at Staples.
15) 22) dialog: You have to move al! of this crap away from this wall and towards the entrance, sO you Can remove one section on the left and one on the right. Once that’s done, you pull out the section against the rear wall. Leave all the supplies intact if you can. | wanna be able to put it ali back, so be very careful. INT. MADELEINE WHITE’S OFFICE — 11:30 AM A large, well decorated and neat office, unburdened with paperwork. MADELEINE WHITE, ESQ., 40s, WASP, taltt, well- groomed and poised, sits in a chair at a coffee table. On adjacent couch are three Arab men. RISHAM, 37, is in char
16) 17) dialog: How's it coming?
16) 19) dialog: Excel tent.
17) 51) dialog: Not bad. You need any help?
17) 53) dialog: I’ tl do my best Dalton exits. Steve raises a pick-axe. He strikes the flo in the far right corner, one foot in from either wall. INT. MOBILE COMMAND CENTER — 12:30 PM Miller and Pappas are seated. Others in the MCC attend to their stations. Two officers, BERK, 33, femate, and ROURK 28, male, are seated at stations. Pappas is telling a sto
27) 26) dialog: Spectacular . Dalton opens the lid of the box, which reveals an old, br envelope, stuffed with documents. There is some official looking typewriting on it, in a Germanic style typeface. envelope rests on other contents, which we cannot make ou INT, MAYOR’S LIMOUSINE — 5:30 PM The Mayor is seated next to White. Milter sits down.
28) 0) text: Pull back from the limo. Men train floodlights on the ban The rear deor of a ConEd truck opens. A disheveled Kevin steps out. He looks disgusted. He looks around and pokes head back in. |lina steps out. She looks pleased. INT. BANK — 6:00 PM The phone is ringing. Dalton grabs a hostage and has him answer it, while he listens on an extension. Glick Here & Upgrade Expanded Features PDF Unlimited Pages - 52. Complete
28) 4) dialog: Speaking.
28) 6) dialog: You shouldn't eavesdrop on people.
28) 8) dialog: Damn right. This time next week | "11 be sucking down pina coladas in a hot tub with six girls named Amber and Tiffany
28) 11) dialog: You really wanna piss me off?
28) 13) dialog: | don't need your status report, Serpico. | tell you where things stand.
28) 15) dialog: Here's where things stand. You're getting me what I've asked you for. You'll have it ready in the time | gave you, or you' fl sit by and watch me do just what I’ve said I would do. Clear?
28) 17) dialog: | understand that if you don’t have my plane ready in three hours, then you might as well send a hearse.
28) 19) dialog: Not likely. Just get me what | want and | won't have to kill anyone.
28) 21) dialog: Don't | sound caim to you?
29) 24) dialog: Perhaps if you'd used the time that | gave you more efficiently, instead of hiding microphones in pizza boxes and listening to old dead communists lecture about grain production quotas, you wouldn’t be having this problem.
29) 26) dialog: That my plane is ready.
29) 29) dialog: Why should | give you any more time?
29) 32) dialog: |’ve got a question for you. If you get it right I'I1l give you eight more hours.
29) 34) dialog: You know what happens if you don’t
29) 36) dialog: The current Proposition is | get a plane in three hours or you get a corpse. So what have you got to lose?
29) 38) dialog: Which weighs more, all the trains that pass through Grand Centra! Station in a year, or the trees cut down to print all U.S. currency in circulation.
29) 40) dialog: It's not reatly ali that hard. Here's a hint: it’s a trick question.
29) 43) dialog: You can phone a friend. Just hurry up Dalton hangs up. Miller looks at Mitchel!. Their expressi are blank. But Pappas knows.
29) 48) dialog: (answering phone) Manhattan Trust.
29) 50) dialog: We'l! see.
29) 53) dialog: I'm going to have to have your answer.
29) 58) dialog: Time’s up.
29) 60) dialog: This time send deli sandwiches. Dalton hangs up
31) 1) dialog: I’m no martyr. | did it for the money. But I’ve spent my |ife around wealth.
32) 0) text: We pan across the watl. Framed certificate: American Canc Society; Benefactor. A photo of Case with President Carte Plaque: Friends of Israel; Man of the Year. DALTON (v.0.) It's not worth much if you can't face yourse!f in the mirror. Respect is the ultimate currency. | was stealing from a man who'd traded his away for a few dollars. He’d tried to wash away his guilt; drown it in a lifetime of good deeds and a sea of respectability. it (MORE)
32) 1) text: 6b Glick Hare 8 Opava | Expanded Features : : PDF Unlimited Pages : 60. __ Complete DALTON (v.o.) (CONT'D) almost worked, too. But inevitably, the further you run from your sins, the more exhausted you are when they catch you. And they do. Certain, it will not fail.
32) 8) dialog: Who is this? Miller hands White the phone. They're alone in an alley.
32) 10) dialog: And what is that?
32) 13) dialog: | highly doubt that. Tel! me about these interests that you're trying to protect.
32) 15) dialog: Rich, of course.
32) 17) dialog: How so?
32) 19) dialog: Do you work for the bank?
32) 21) dialog: {a beat) Come on in.
34) 7) dialog: So what can | do for you? White stands, composes herself, and quickly looks around. Click Here & Upgrade Expanded Features PDF Unlimited Pages 64, Complete
34) 9) dialog: What makes you think | need any heip?
34) 11) dialog: Not a problem.
34) 13) dialog: You can arrange that?
34) 15) dialog: Not good enough.
34) 17) dialog: Will 1? How so? White produces a safe deposit box key.
34) 19) dialog: Won't anybody miss it?
34) 21) dialog: What about the key? Click Here & Urarae| | Expanded Features PDF Unlimited Pages Complete
34) 25) dialog: You can shove that key up your ass.
34) 27) dialog: Why don’t you tell me about those interests you're here to protect.
34) 29) dialog: | can. Daiton and White stare at each other for a tong moment. DALTON (CONT ‘D) Let me tel! you a story. During World War Two there was an American working for a bank in Switzertand. Now | don’t need to tell you that when you lift up a rock, you find a bunch of slime getting fucked over by a Swiss banker. And I|‘ma thief. They've been profiting off of the world’s misery for centuries, and they're proud of it. And certainly, this period in history was rife with opportunity for people of such tow morals. Peopte like this one American. He used his position to enrich himself while alt around him, people were being stripped of everything they owned, tortured, starved, murdered, and burnt in ovens or buried alive. Then he used some of his blood money to start a bank. Now in the case of the Swiss, hey, that’s just who they are. But the idea that an American would do that, collaborate with the enemy for financial gain, that offends me personaily.
34) 33) dialog: I'm just saying | can live with myself I'm not really hurting anyone.
34) 35) dialog: What about ‘em? When this is over they'I1 go home and hug their families and be better people. And they’!l! have a great story to tel! at parties. Maybe one of them wil! write a book about it, sell the movie rights, and get richer than me. I'm doing them a favor. As tong as the cops don't force me to blow them to pieces {a beat) Anyway, does this sound anything like the interests you came in here to protect? Or was | just whistling the Star Spangted Banner out of my ass?
34) 37) dialog: Good. So what the hel! can you do for me? Since | clearly know more than you do, and |'’ve planned this to perfection.
34) 39) dialog: Meaning what, exactly?
34) 41) dialog: And what about all these innocent people?
34) 45) dialog: Stay here. Dalton stands, exits and returns with the old envelope.
34) 46) dialog: This envelope could be very embarrassing to a certain gentleman who considers himself a man of honor. He should've destroyed it a long time ago, but he didn't. So now it’s mine. And as long as I'm safe, so is this. If the day ever comes where | have to stand before a judge and account for what | did here, you and your boss will do whatever it takes to help me. And if you have to move Heaven and Earth, | suggest you do so.
34) 48) dialog: You think | should've asked for more?
34) 50) dialog: | think | can handie that. Dalton motions White out of the bank, and they begin to w
34) 52) dialog: I'tl keep that in mind. Tell me one thing. How the hel! did you get them to let you in here?
34) 54) dialog: I’m gonna walk right out the front door.
34) 57) dialog: What.’s that?
34) 59) dialog: That doesn’t matter. The fact is that all lies, all evil deeds, they stink. You can cover them up for a while, but they don’t go away. Governments fall, wars end, wealth changes hands, books are opened. Whatever. And things that were once dead and buried find their way to the surface. In all of this turmoit, someone adds two Pius two and gets four. | just happened to be there when this rotten |ittle carcass poked its head out.
34) 61) dialog: Precisely. Lies are very complex. They shift over time, they need maintenance. The truth is exceedingly simple. It never changes, and it always comes out. One day we'll find out who reaitly killed Kennedy.
34) 63) dialog: Good White begins to exit.
34) 65) dialog: Hadn't thought about it.
34) 67) dialog: {anticipating her question) How do | know you}! hold up your end, and not just have me ki! led?
34) 69) dialog: Welt, it’s such a horrible cliché, but.. anything happens to me... you know... letter to the New York Times.. Blah blah blah.
34) 71) dialog: Maybe. Thank you for banking with Manhattan Trust. Dalton closes the door and begins to lock it. White knock Dalton reopens it slightly and looks at White.
34) 73) dialog: Unbe! ievable.
36) 1) dialog: What?
36) 3) dialog: (a beat) Is that a fact?
37) 2) dialog: Sounds |ike a ptan. Come on in. We hear Dalton hang up. Milfer looks startled.
38) 4) dialog: Down the stairs. Mitter stops at the stairs, takes a deep breath and desce ‘INT. BANK DOWNSTAIRS TO MAIN FLOOR - CONTINUOUS - 3:02 A Datton follows Miller down the hall. We foilow behind the Mitler approaches an open door.
38) 5) dialog: Take a quick look in there Mitler stops and looks into the room. He reacts with some surprise, but stops himself. Dalton pushes him forward. Dalton passes the open door and we see into the room. Fiv rows of five people, in white outfits, on the floor like Muslims in prayer, heads down, backs to us, silent. Mille and Dalton continue down the hal!. Miler pauses in front another open door and looks in while Dalton waits.
38) 7) dialog: There might be one or two who didn’t work or play well with others.
38) 9) dialog: Sorry, tour's over.
38) 11) dialog: Fine. Gum? Click Here & Upgrade| Expanded Features PDE Untimited Pages 77. Complete “|
38) 14) dialog: Would you like some gum?
38) 16) dialog: OK? Tour's over. Datton motions Milter upstairs, and follows him up
38) 18) dialog: Nothing to talk about. You need to...
38) 21) dialog: Excuse me?
38) 25) dialog: Go on.
38) 27) dialog: Perhaps.
38) 29) dialog: Maybe .
38) 31) dialog: The het! you are.
38) 33) dialog: Let's cut the crap. First, OK, no plane. Big deal. Second, you don’t order an assault when no hostages have been killed and there’s no immediate threat. Third, if it ends that way, whatever happens you don't get to be the hero. So you wanna bullshit me, try harder.
38) 35) dialog: No? Cable guy’s coming on Wednesday.
38) 37) dialog: Oh, { wilt. When f’m good and ready.
38) 39) dialog: Any other proposals?
38) 41) dialog: Sorry?
38) 43) dialog: No. What were you saying?
38) 45) dialog: So what’s the problem? You think you're too young to get married?
38) 47) dialog: You love each other?
38) 49) dialog: Then money shouldn't really matter.
38) 51) dialog: I’m just saying money can’t buy love. Milter puts his palm to his chest and speaks sarcasticall liek Here & Upgrade Expanded Features. PDF Unlimited Pages ! 80 :_ Complete :
38) 54) dialog: Thanks, but |'m trying to stay away from bars, if you know what | mean. Milter starts to walk towards Dalton.
38) 58) dialog: Buses, Kojak. Parked outside before four o'clock. Or else | crank up the meat grinder. You think I'm bluffing? You rotl the dice and see what happens. EXT. BANK ENTRANCE — 3:05 AM Mitier exits the bank and gestures to Mitchel! a hidden thumbs up and a smug grin. He approaches Mitchel. “Shek Hore & Upgrade Expanded Features PDF Unlimited Pages 81. Complete
39) 2) dialog: He's smarter than your average bear. Stilt, he won't get another chance. VARIOUS SHOTS — NO AUDIO — MUSIC ~ 3:10 AM Garbage is being collected. The fish market is open We hear Dalton’s narration continue:
39) 3) dialog: | wasn't depending upon the potice to be morons. That would've been naive. But | expected to be able to move faster than they could think. If they started to catch on, |'d have to make sure they couldn't catch up.
40) 1) dialog: It's not a problem.
40) 4) dialog: Aside from a few bruises here and there, | didn’t want anyone to get hurt. The theory is that the more strength you project, the more willingness you exhibit to resort to violence... Pappas relaxes in the MCC.
40) 5) dialog: wthe less resistance you'l! encounter, and thus, the smaller the chance of actual violence ensuing. The closed door of the bank basement supply room, beyond which we hear the noise of men at work. DALTON (V.0.) (CONT’D) And it always helps to be unpredictable. The Washington Street meat market is getting started. EXT. STREET — 3:40 AM (Handheld) Miller and Mitchel! lean against a squad car eating sandwiches. Cokes sit on the hood. We see the bank entrance behind them, across the street. A radio plays Bo Marley's “No Woman, No Cry.”
40) 27) dialog: We had a deat. You failed to deliver and | kitled a hostage. As } promised.
40) 30) dialog: You tisten to me! | tell you how things go! I've got fifty more people in here. | can throw a body out every hour, for two of the tongest days of your life.
40) 32) dialog: Don't tell me to calm down! I’m giving you two hours to get me two buses, Fuck me again and you get another corpse. | got a whole heard of cattle in here. Do what | say and they'!! walk out. Fuck me and you get hamburger .
40) 34) dialog: You bet | have. Your job is to fuck me around for as long as you can, until i‘m ready to give up. But now your job is getting in the way of my pian.
40) 36) dialog: So we can spend the thirty years in jail. No. 5:45. Two buses. No bultshit.
40) 38) dialog: When it’s over, you will. Dalton hangs up.
40) 40) dialog: You mean beyond the obvious?
40) 42) dialog: Why do you say that? Gum? Dalton offers a stick of gum through the door frame.
40) 44) dialog: You know, you're too smart to be a cop,
40) 46) dialog: That we do. Sometimes we do things we regret, and we have to live with it.
40) 48) dialog: | wasn't thinking of you.
40) 51) dialog: We are all the sum of the choices we make. And sometimes we choose the easy path, and do things we regret. And when you make a wrong choice, and do the wrong thing, you're stuck with it forever.
40) 55) dialog: Wet!, 1’m just speaking hypothetically here, but if you do something truly immoral, that you know is wrong, well then, you're stuck with that thing for the rest of your life. And no matter how many years you spend trying to make’ - amends, doing good deeds, it doesn’t erase the evil. You know what | mean?
40) 57) dialog: That's not what I’m saying. I'm saying that an evil deed is it’s own punishment. You don’t need to catch the guy and lock him up. He's got a blemish on his soul and he’s had to live with that his entire life. In or out of jail - that’s just housekeeping. In the end, we are the sum of the things we do.
40) 62) dialog: Your girtfriend says that the Watergate Burglars shot JFK. Go after them.
40) 64) dialog: So if there's nothing else...
60) 10) dialog: My name is Dalton Russei!, Pay strict attention to what | say, because | choose my words carefully, and | never repeat myself He is tearing items off of his wail, and collecting items from around him and placing them in a garbage bag
60) 11) dialog: !’ve told you my name. That's the ‘who’. The ‘where’ would most readily be described as a prison cell. But there's a vast difference between being stuck in a tiny cel! and being in prison, And | am not in prison. The ‘what’ is easy. We catch glimpses of the opposite wall, to the fteft of h where the rest of his cel!, or the bars, would have been. is constructed of the same chrome shelving material that dismantled in the supply room, with plaster behind it, gi evidence of a hastily constructed facade. DALTON (V.0.) (CONT’D) Recently, | planned, and set in motion events to execute, the perfect bank robbery, That's also the ‘when’. As for the ‘why’, beyond the obvious financial motivation, it’s exceedingly simple: He removes his drawstring pants and puts them in the bag. DALTON (V.0.) (CONT’D) Because | can. Which leaves us only with the ‘how’. And therein, as the Bard would tell us, ties the rub. Datton folds up a deflated air mattress and a bed sheet.
61) 0) text: Flashback: Dalton, Stevie, and Steve viewing the supply r
61) 1) dialog: Beautiful .
61) 2) text: . Click Here & Upgrade : Expanded Features ; PDF Unlimited Pages : 121. Complete _ } Flashback: Dalton instructing Steve in the supply room. DALTON (CONT ’D) It's all gotta took the same when we put it back, so be very careful. Flashback: Rear wal! of the supply room, shelving removed Scenes of Steve constructing a faise wal! from dismantied metal shelving and tiles they brought in the boxes. We see Steve and Dalton standing over a crude floor leve! coverable toifet that Steve has constructed from the hote the ground. Steve is instructing Dalton on its use
61) 4) dialog: What a shit hole. You rock. Scenes of Dalton and his accomplices building a secret ro in the rear of the supply room. FLASHBACK: Datton is removing the old envelope from the S Deposit Box. This time the shot continues, to reveal a la humber of black velvet drawstring pouches underneath.
63) 0) text: Dalton opens one of many Black velvet bags to reveal a we of diamonds. He closes up the pouch, and drops it ina knapsack with 20 other similar velvet pouches.
64) 9) dialog: When | said that | planned the perfect bank robbery, | meant precisely that. The perfect bank robbery. Flashbacks: The Crew builds a fatse rear wal! in the supp room. We see them seal Dalton behind it. We flicker betwe Glick Here & Upgrade 3 Expanded Features PDF Unlimited Pages 123. Complete before and after shots of the supply room. It fooks exact the same, but three feet shorter in the after shot.
67) 0) text: Steadicam enters the bank. Peopte going about their busin We pass through the bank towards the stairs, float smooth down the stairs and we round the corners unti! we approac the closed door to the supply room. We pass through the d and see the supply room interior, very dark. We float tow the floor-level shelf in the rear. The wall behind it is obscured by boxes, but some of the yel low-painted cinder walt, identical to the wall of Dalton’s cell, is visible. we get close to the boxes in front of the wall, we stop.
67) 1) dialog: So, what went wrong? A section of the rear wail, 2.5 feet by 2.5 feet is pufle back into the interior of DALTON’S CELL. Datton’s face pe out, as well as his hand, holding a smat! meta! flashligh
67) 2) dialog: Nothing. He pushes the boxes off the shelf onto the fioor. His hea recedes. A dark knapsack and travel bag are tossed out. Dalton reappears, pushes them forward, then slides out through the hole. He replaces the missing wail section an Glick Here & Upgrade Expanded Features PDF Untimited Pages 124, Complete secures it in place with a smal] tube of superglue. He replaces the boxes which he had pushed aside.
68) 0) text: Now we are gliding down the basement hall, towards the stairs. We hear Steve's voice in Dalton’s earpiece.
69) 2) dialog: (whispering) They coming for me?
69) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. Daiton continues towards the exit.
69) 9) dialog: !’m gonna walk right out the front door. INT. APARTMENT OF DETECTIVE MILLER ~ BEDROOM — EVENING Katrine is asleep on the bed, naked. Miller empties his pockets and places his badge, wallet, and gun on the dres We see Katrine in the dresser mirror. Miller takes his ke from his jacket's feft hip pocket and puts them on the dresser, He takes change from his jacket'’s right hip pocket but f something else in his hand. A PERFECT TWO-CARAT DIAMOND.
69) 11) dialog: “Oh, | wilt. When I'm good and ready.”