1) 0) text: Forty Customers and fifteen Employees are going about the business. The Customers are a cross section of New York C They inctude CHAIM, 60, a Hasidic Jew, NANCY, 24, attract with large breasts, dressed provocatively, BRIAN, 8, Afri American, playing a Nintendo Gameboy, his father RAY, 29, African-American, MIRIAM, 60, white, SETH, 19, white with dreadlocks, in a “Rage Against the Machine” T-shirt, STAN 73, white, with a bald spot, ERIC and BRAD, two male homosexuals in their forties, and Dalton, clean-shaven, disguised as a construction worker, in a hard hat, sunglasses, workboots, a white paper/plastic jumpsuit, a flannel shirt over the jumpsuit top, and a tool belt, a mouthguard and eye goggles hanging around his neck. He carries an industrial type flashtight in each hand. The flashlights appear to be off
12) 7) dialog: | was standing in line for the tellers. They have like nine windows but there's never more than three tellers working there. What's up with that?
12) 9) dialog: Then "BAM!" | turned around and there was smoke everywhere. Interview 3: Stan Glick Here & Upgrade Expanded Features POF Unlimited Pages } 15 Complete
16) 12) dialog: Bunch of psychos. !| thought they were gonna kill everybody. They came in screaming and waving those fucking machine guns in our faces. Interview 4: PELTZ, 30, male. ~ Glick Here & Uparade Expanded Features PDE Unlimited Pages 24. Complete
24) 0) text: Interview 2: Seth
24) 2) dialog: These five | recognize from before it started. | was on line behind this tady, and this guy was behind me. And | saw him. | liked his T-shirt. And her, too.
24) 4) dialog: Great tits.
24) 8) dialog: | saw her a few times afterwards.
24) 10) dialog: | could still see those tits under the suit. Can't hide quality tike that.
24) 12) dialog: This guy. |'m pretty sure that | was in a room with this guy for a while.
24) 14) dialog: | can’t be sure. His face was covered the whote time. They all were. And nobody spoke, except for whispers. Interview 7: Nancy We see Miller and Mitchel! looking at Nancy, from her POV Their eyes often wander towards her breasts
26) 0) text: Interview 2: Seth
26) 2) dialog: Like what?
26) 4) dialog: Beats me. | didn’t hear anything.
52) 0) text: Interview 2: Seth.
52) 1) dialog: They were very wel! organized. ‘k mean they knew exactly what they were doing They never lost control. They scared the crap out of us from the first second, then they calmed down and said that if we did what they told us, we'd all be fine. And you believed ‘em. Know what | mean? You knew that if you fucked with them, that they’d kill you, but if you didn’t, then they wouldn’t harm you.
52) 3) dialog: | reatly wish | could. It was three guys and a girl. One guy did almost all of the talking. They were all pretty much average height and weight. The main guy seemed tike he was... sort of preppy, y'know? | mean he had a big vocabulary. He didn’t talk like a criminal.
52) 5) dialog: No. Unitess you wanna dress everyone up again and have ‘em yell at me. 4 ~ click Here & Upgrade g Expanded Features PDF Unlimited Pages ! 105 Complete
52) 8) dialog: | doubt it. Interview 5: Miriam