3) 0) text: STEVE, 30, a muscular white male, sits in the driver's se dressed like a painter ready for an industrial job. He we a disposable white paper/plastic jumpsuit, matching hairc and shoe-covers. A pair of goggies obscures his eyes. mouthguard covers his mouth. In the passenger scat sits STEVIE, 28, a woman dressed in the same manner. She also wears her goggles and mouthguard, hiding her facial detai In the rear of the van, which has no seats, sits STEVE-O, disguised exactly like Steve, but slimmer, shorter and te imposing. We cannot identify their faces. Their fourth accomplice, Dalton, they refer to as Steven. The confusio intentional. Coltectively, they are THE CREW. Steve parks the van and turns it off. He and Stevie exit van and walk to the rear.
5) 0) text: The Crew enter the bank like painters approaching a job. Steve secures the doors with a pre-fitted metal brace. BANG, Chaos. Stevie sets off three smal! explosives. Loud noises and s fill the bank and cause chaos but harm no one. People scr and run or hit the floor. Steve-O and Stevie pull M16s fr Steve's knapsack. Dalton pulls on his goggles and mouthgu removes his flannel shirt and pulls out a Smith & Wesson revolver.
7) 24) text: Steve-O runs down the stairs and everyone stands still fo white until he shouts from downstairs.
7) 25) dialog: { have two employees and a customer.
7) 27) dialog: Are they... (muffled sounds of Steve-O ordering the employees down.) Yes.
14) 3) dialog: Oh, Mama.
23) 0) text: Stevie and Steve-O stand in the hallway, fully disguised. see that Stevie has an EARPIECE in one ear.
23) 1) dialog: Bring out five and walk them straight into this room. “Glick Hare & Upgrade - Expanded Features { PDF Untimited Pages 4?. Complete
23) 7) dialog: Just sit here quietly and eat. Steve-0 closes the door to the room and locks it.
38) 2) dialog: Stop. Mitler stands still. From behind, Steve-O steps to Milier with an M-16 in his right hand, frisking Miller with the left. Once finished, Steve-O pushes Miller forward slight and motions towards the rear of the bank.
38) 3) dialog: Go. Milter walks towards the rear, past some cubicles. Once h passes, Dalton steps into the frame behind him.
40) 2) dialog: Fuck that. He's onto you.