3) 0) text: STEVE, 30, a muscular white male, sits in the driver's se dressed like a painter ready for an industrial job. He we a disposable white paper/plastic jumpsuit, matching hairc and shoe-covers. A pair of goggies obscures his eyes. mouthguard covers his mouth. In the passenger scat sits STEVIE, 28, a woman dressed in the same manner. She also wears her goggles and mouthguard, hiding her facial detai In the rear of the van, which has no seats, sits STEVE-O, disguised exactly like Steve, but slimmer, shorter and te imposing. We cannot identify their faces. Their fourth accomplice, Dalton, they refer to as Steven. The confusio intentional. Coltectively, they are THE CREW. Steve parks the van and turns it off. He and Stevie exit van and walk to the rear.
4) 0) text: They open the rear doors and remove a large amount of supplies, most of which is in nondescript brown cardboard boxes. Steve wears a large black knapsack hanging from on shoulder. They place the boxes on two hand trucks, shut t van doors, and proceed around a corner to the entrance of bank, a large traditional bank facade with floor to ceili marble pillars, modern glass doors and smali windows. Nob seems to notice them.
5) 0) text: The Crew enter the bank like painters approaching a job. Steve secures the doors with a pre-fitted metal brace. BANG, Chaos. Stevie sets off three smal! explosives. Loud noises and s fill the bank and cause chaos but harm no one. People scr and run or hit the floor. Steve-O and Stevie pull M16s fr Steve's knapsack. Dalton pulls on his goggles and mouthgu removes his flannel shirt and pulls out a Smith & Wesson revolver.
7) 24) text: Steve-O runs down the stairs and everyone stands still fo white until he shouts from downstairs.
7) 29) dialog: Yeah?
7) 31) dialog: Oh. Sure. Steve throws a bag to Stevie, who catches it.
14) 0) text: Dalton, Steve and Stevie, mouthguards and goggles still obscuring their faces, briskly tour the hall. They stop i front of a massive vault. The vault door is open, but the internal stee! bar door is closed. They peer through the to gaze at the money on the shelves inside.
14) 2) dialog: Ahbhhh. They continue on to another room, which they enter. It is outer room of the safe deposit box vault, which we see ah of them, also behind a steel bar door.
15) 0) text: Frontal shot of Dalton, Stevie and Steve staring at the r which we can't sec. Their mouthguards and goggles cover t faces. We still see that Dafton is smiling.
16) 18) dialog: Not bad. We should have access to the rear wall in an hour. How's that?
17) 52) dialog: Can you spare Steve-0? | wanna start on the floor. That's hard work. But the wall’s what'll take the most time
21) 17) dialog: (shout ing) The fuck you think you’re doing? Steve kicks Peltz in the gut, grabs his collar, and drags out of the room. He stams the door shut. The others are s and silent, but visibly shaken. We hear sounds from outsi of Steve beating Peltz and dragging him off
23) 0) text: Stevie and Steve-O stand in the hallway, fully disguised. see that Stevie has an EARPIECE in one ear.
23) 6) dialog: Hang on a sec. Steve-0 enters a third room and returns with another Host He walks him past Stevie and sends him into the second ro STEVE-O0 (CONT’D) (whisper ing) Ready? Steve appears from around the corner. Steve-O opens the d to the second room, and tets him in. Inside, we see a box pizza and a large bottle of soda on a desk.
29) 8) dialog: | held the door open for one of them, How fucked up is that?
29) 10) dialog: | didn’t know they were gonna rob the fucking place, did I?
29) 12) dialog: Damerjian. Cal! me Kenneth.
29) 14) dialog: It's Armenian. Miller can’t tell if that’s a “yes” or a “no”. Glick Here & Upgrade Expanded Features : PDF Unlimited Pages © 55. __ Complete
29) 17) dialog: Detective, | was born in Queens. I’ve never been to Armenia or Aibania. | went surfing in Austratia once. That help? Interview 5: Chaim Miller and Chaim are standing. The interview is over.
30) 11) dialog: Good. Yeah, good. Thanks.
38) 56) dialog: You done? Miller reteases Dalton, and the two men stand up.
39) 1) dialog: He got the drop on you.
61) 0) text: Flashback: Dalton, Stevie, and Steve viewing the supply r
61) 2) text: . Click Here & Upgrade : Expanded Features ; PDF Unlimited Pages : 121. Complete _ } Flashback: Dalton instructing Steve in the supply room. DALTON (CONT ’D) It's all gotta took the same when we put it back, so be very careful. Flashback: Rear wal! of the supply room, shelving removed Scenes of Steve constructing a faise wal! from dismantied metal shelving and tiles they brought in the boxes. We see Steve and Dalton standing over a crude floor leve! coverable toifet that Steve has constructed from the hote the ground. Steve is instructing Dalton on its use
61) 3) dialog: Just unhinge it, do your business, pour some water down, then cover it up. Easy.
66) 1) dialog: I'll bet he smells bike shit.
68) 0) text: Now we are gliding down the basement hall, towards the stairs. We hear Steve's voice in Dalton’s earpiece.
68) 1) dialog: Hang on, man.
69) 0) text: From the car, we see Miller and Mitchell enter the bank. see Steve, Steve-0, Stevie, and CHAIM, sitting in the car
69) 1) dialog: (into phone) Oh shit! That cop, Milter, and his partner are walking into the bank.
69) 3) dialog: Can‘’t say. It's just the two of them. They took relaxed. INT, BANK — MAIN FLOOR - DAY Mitter and Mitchel! are speaking with Peter Hammond. This the same scene but from a different angle, so we see Dalt