3) 0) text: STEVE, 30, a muscular white male, sits in the driver's se dressed like a painter ready for an industrial job. He we a disposable white paper/plastic jumpsuit, matching hairc and shoe-covers. A pair of goggies obscures his eyes. mouthguard covers his mouth. In the passenger scat sits STEVIE, 28, a woman dressed in the same manner. She also wears her goggles and mouthguard, hiding her facial detai In the rear of the van, which has no seats, sits STEVE-O, disguised exactly like Steve, but slimmer, shorter and te imposing. We cannot identify their faces. Their fourth accomplice, Dalton, they refer to as Steven. The confusio intentional. Coltectively, they are THE CREW. Steve parks the van and turns it off. He and Stevie exit van and walk to the rear.
5) 0) text: The Crew enter the bank like painters approaching a job. Steve secures the doors with a pre-fitted metal brace. BANG, Chaos. Stevie sets off three smal! explosives. Loud noises and s fill the bank and cause chaos but harm no one. People scr and run or hit the floor. Steve-O and Stevie pull M16s fr Steve's knapsack. Dalton pulls on his goggles and mouthgu removes his flannel shirt and pulls out a Smith & Wesson revolver.
7) 21) dialog: All bank emptoyees raise their hands. Five men and eight women, mixed between black, white and couple of Indians/Asians, raise their hands. Dalton and Stevie, masked, count them.
7) 32) dialog: Let's go, down the stairs. Stevie motions al! the EMPLOYEES to go downstairs. They a head downstairs, and Stevie follows.
14) 0) text: Dalton, Steve and Stevie, mouthguards and goggles still obscuring their faces, briskly tour the hall. They stop i front of a massive vault. The vault door is open, but the internal stee! bar door is closed. They peer through the to gaze at the money on the shelves inside.
14) 1) dialog: Nice.
15) 0) text: Frontal shot of Dalton, Stevie and Steve staring at the r which we can't sec. Their mouthguards and goggles cover t faces. We still see that Dafton is smiling.
23) 0) text: Stevie and Steve-O stand in the hallway, fully disguised. see that Stevie has an EARPIECE in one ear.
23) 3) dialog: 
23) 5) dialog: You, you, you, you, and you. Stand up. (a beat) Outside. Five Hostages in white outfits like the Crew, including f cover, enter the haliway, followed by Stevie. We recogniz Nancy among them by her figure. Steve-O motions them into second room. They enter, and he closes the door behind th
27) 25) dialog: Got it Stevie slides out the box, which is 24 inches long.
40) 3) dialog: | heard every word, Steven. He knows something’s up. If you don’t put some fear into this guy. (a beat) ! don't know. Bank exterior, empty street, flooded with artificial ligh We hear Daiton’s narration continue. ” Click Here & Upgrade Expanded Features / PDF Unlimited Pages ° 82.
46) 0) text: Stevie has heard all of this in her EARPIECE. We hear Mil yelling through her earpiece. She bites her lip.
46) 1) dialog: Shit. (shout ing) Steven!
61) 0) text: Flashback: Dalton, Stevie, and Steve viewing the supply r
66) 2) dialog: Yeah. Roll down the windows INT. DALTON’S CELL - UNKNOWN Dalton checks his .357 revolver, slides it into the waist of his jeans, drapes his T-shirt over it, and zips up his Adidas slicker
69) 0) text: From the car, we see Miller and Mitchell enter the bank. see Steve, Steve-0, Stevie, and CHAIM, sitting in the car