38) 25) text: It's a mess of loose legal-pad pages torn from Crawford's pad, each covered in madly intricate schematics. He works yet another, head down, intent. Dr. MARION KANG is on the stand, using a marker on a big diagram of a head:
38) 29) dialog: - through the frontal cortex and the temporal lobe, coming to rest against the back of the skull.
38) 31) dialog: It inflicted serious and irreparable injury.
38) 38) text: Willy gives Judge Robinson an I-told-you-so shrug.     Tu Dr. Kang.
82) 0) text: Crawford stands by the bed, glancing over a set of forms metal clipboard. DR. LUNT, a senior neurologist, and a HOSPITAL ADMINISTRA wait. The machines hiss and click, keeping Jennifer alive Crawford signs the forms, expressionless.
90) 0) text: Dr. Lunt takes a chart from the I.C.U. Nurses' Station.
90) 1) dialog: Has Mrs. Crawford been prepared?
94) 0) text: Dr. Lunt stands by Jennifer's bed, supervising the Nurse an Orderly as they prepare her.
97) 0) text: Dr. Lunt looks up from making notes on Jennifer's chart, Crawford enters the room.
99) 0) text: Standing beside Dr. Lunt, Crawford watches, expressionles - as the Nurse and the Orderly work, efficient and silent disconnecting the oxygen tubes, unplugging the monitor -
104) 0) text: A Sikorsky S-76 Medevac chopper is preparing to take off, very loud and windy. Through the open doorway and the thick windows, we can glimpse Crawford sitting beside Jennifer, who is strapped to a gurney. She's connected to life-support equipment. The MED TECH is outside, checking a few last supplies and giving Crawford a moment alone with his wife. Crawford moves. He may be whispering to her.    Or adjust her pillow. Hard to tell. As he climbs out of the chopper - - he sees Willy across the roof, arguing with Dr. Lunt, w is skimming the court documents, shaking his head. Crawford, curious, walks toward the two men.
105) 0) text: Dr. Lunt hands Crawford the court order. As Crawford read them, Lunt and Willy shout over the helicopter engine:
105) 1) dialog: This orders him not to take her off life support! He's not! We can't stop the man from -
105) 6) dialog: You're talking about a phenomenally expensive delay, Mr. Slocum - when the man has every right to move his wife!