0) 0) text: JENNIFER CRAWFORD is just reaching orgasm - - with ROB NUNALLY: mid-30s, good-looking, aging-boyish. They clutch each other, shuddering, lost in passion. And then, breathing heavily, caressing each other - Nunally r off her - slowly coming back to earth. Jennifer studies her lover, a quiet play of relief and gratitude and satisfaction on her face - - darkened by a troubled distance, maybe even fear. She is, after all, having an affair.
3) 0) text: Rob is still in the bed, naked under the sheet - watching Jennifer adjust the straps of her bathing suit.
3) 3) dialog: We go out to dinner - we might never come back.
3) 12) dialog: I live...here.
6) 0) text: Jennifer swims laps with strong, even strokes.   Rob is enjoying the sun in a lounge chair. Crawford eyes them as he passes on the other side of a lo fence. Unnoticed, he heads upstairs.
9) 0) text: Jennifer drives her Mercedes convertible past expensive houses in the late-afternoon light. She goes up the driveway of the Crawfords' stark mordern Across the street, MR. GIFFORD is playing catch with his GRANDSON. He waves to Jennifer. She waves back, friendly but distracted, on her way to th front door.
10) 0) text: Cold. Elegant. Metal planters with bamboo trees. Glass doors out to a back garden. A fire in the fireplace. In a corner is another of Crawford's Rube Goldbergs - thi one the size of a refrigerator. On a coffee table in the center of the room, a big wooden bowl of ball-bearings. Jennifer hurries in, dropping her keys on a table and - - freezes, startled. Crawford waits in the center of the room; despite the out "disarray", he is calm and focused.
10) 1) dialog: You're - home early.
10) 6) dialog: Are you...okay?
10) 9) text: Jennifer submits guiltily.   Crawford embraces her, tight She waits it out, until:
10) 10) dialog: Have you been drinking?
10) 13) dialog: (Gently) That's creepy.
10) 15) dialog: Tommy -
10) 17) dialog: What are you talking about?
10) 19) dialog: Those don't sound like feelings.
10) 24) dialog: You think you're so much smarter than I am. That must make you feel very powerful.
10) 31) dialog: Fine. Whatever. I'll make you some dinner.
10) 37) text: Jennifer winces, feeling some sympathy.     Preparing her turn and end it, to grow, to move on.
12) 0) text: Crawford stands, tilting his head to watch the slow hypno curl of smoke leaking from the gun in his extended hand. hand, we might notice now, wears a surgical glove. He lowers the gun, bends to pick up the ejected shell-cas from the floor. He wipes it and tosses it aside, on his w to Jennifer. He stands looking down at her: face-up on the floor, head a small pool of blood, eyes and mouth open. The doorbell rings.
15) 0) text: Helicopters overhead, SWAT teams setting up. Nearby house have been emptied, gawking NEIGHBORS and media vans moved back to a block away. UNIFORM COPS pull aside the barriers as a plain-wrap seda rolls through. It pulls up by the SWAT Command Truck. ROB NUNALLY gets out, surveying the scene. The guy who sp his afternoon with Jennifer Crawford in the hotel is an L.A.P.D. Detective.
18) 15) text: Nunally nods, humoring him, glancing around. Sees the sma pool of blood where Jennifer fell. Plays it cool.
18) 49) text: But Nunally is not. He's frozen - staring, shocked, at th back wall of the alcove - which he can now see. There's a big framed black-white photograph: a portrait o Jennifer Crawford.
18) 51) text: Nunally fumbles for his walkie-talkie, rushing past Crawf toward the alcove - - kneeling by Jennifer, who lies, face-up in a red puddle
18) 59) text: Nunally turns and lunges up, smashing a fist into Crawfor face. Crawford reels backward with Nunally - - the two of them falling with Nunally on top, beating Crawford furiously, cursing - - as SWAT COPS burst in, grabbing Nunally, dragging him b knocking into PARAMEDICS trying to get to Jennifer - - Nunally kicking, flailing, spitting at Crawford - who's face-down on the floor, to get cuffed. Nunally pulls free from the SWAT cops, distraught, angry going to retrieve his gun and shove it in his shoulder- holster, struggling to regain control.
18) 61) text: Nunally whirls - everyone freezing, breathless, falling silent. The Paramedics kneeling around Jennifer work - - as Crawford lies on the floor, staring at his wife. Lik she's a machine that defied astronomical odds and refused behave according to his calculations.
19) 0) text: Jennifer's stretcher is loaded into an ambulance, doors slamming shut and sirens kicking on - - as Crawford, cuffed behind his back, is pushed into the back seat of a police car. His eyes on the ambulance as i pulls away, carrying his wife.
55) 23) text: As Willy goes to where Jennifer fell:
56) 2) text: Studying framed photos: Jennifer - now and then with Craw in Italy, Bermuda, Colorado. Always a bit posed and forma when they're together.
58) 0) text: Willy wanders through Jennifer's spacious dressing room.
59) 2) text: Jennifer Crawford lies with her head wrapped in gauze, ey shut, plastic tubing down her throat held in place with t Willy sits beside her bed, reading Dr. Seuss:
59) 31) text: Willy watches the Resident go out. Then he looks back dow at Jennifer. Listening to the machines.
61) 0) text: The room where Jennifer and Nunally met. Cleaned-up now, anonymous, empty. Willy stands looking at it. There's nothing to see. He grimaces, nods - heads out, pa the ASSISTANT MANAGER waiting in the doorway.
66) 10) text: Willy uses the remote. On the TV, in black-and-white: Jennifer and Nunally come out of their room and head for pool - indistinct figures zip jerkily in and out of rooms fast-forward - - until he slows it: Crawford comes to let himself in.
67) 0) text: Willy stands over crime scene photos and diagrams spread on his narrow futon. "Walking the scene" again, on paper. The whole apartment is an array of law books, notes, exhibits, marked-up depositions. He's staring at evidence he's already stared at a hundred times. He grinds the palms of his hands into his eye sockets, a moan rising into a yell - - as he sweeps everything off his bed in a storm of paper throwing books - tearing up printouts - pulling out drawe emptying them, smashing them on the desk - - yelling in a frenzy until his throat is hoarse, his sha garage apartment is trashed, and he's sitting, exhausted, his chair. There's a knock on the door. Willy frowns, checking the clock: it's two-thirty a.m. goes to open it - - revealing Nunally, standing in the darkness, a haunted shadow of the boyish confident cop we met making love to Jennifer Crawford.
76) 0) text: The life support system clicks and hisses and beeps. Jennifer is curled into a fetal position, despite the tub and wires. Willy sits by her bed. Still in his suit from court, the jacket off, the tie loose. He's been there a while.   But now he speaks.
76) 5) text: He goes to the door, and as he opens it - he looks back. Freezes. Jennifer's eyes are wide open. She's staring at him.   Willy stands, breathless, watchin her.
78) 0) text: The Resident tucks his flashlight in a pocket, draws a pi from his lapel. Gently sticks Jennifer's cheek. Willy winces, watching.
78) 2) text: The Resident ignores him. Pricks her forehead - her chin her big toe. Each time she twitches. He runs his thumb along the sole of Jennifer's bare foot. It arches up.
78) 15) text: Willy nods, grateful. As the Resident heads out, Willy si by Jennifer's bed - protective, intent.
79) 0) text: Crawford comes in through the lobby: rested, well-dressed free man. He slows, surprised - - seeing Willy come off the elevators. Willy hasn't left Jennifer's bedside. He's in the same suit and carrying hi briefcase from the courthouse.
82) 0) text: Crawford stands by the bed, glancing over a set of forms metal clipboard. DR. LUNT, a senior neurologist, and a HOSPITAL ADMINISTRA wait. The machines hiss and click, keeping Jennifer alive Crawford signs the forms, expressionless.
84) 0) text: Crawford is carefully preparing an elegant, solitary meal Music plays on his state-of-the-art sound system. He stops, noticing a pair of Jennifer's reading glasses, folded up by a note-pad and pen next to the telephone. He picks them up. Stylish, feminine. He goes to the trash, steps on the pedal to flip open the lid, and drops the glasses in. Goes back to cooking.
87) 0) text: A NURSE checks Jennifer Crawford's vital signs. She then begins to gently wash Jennifer's face, where it's not tap or bandaged. The monitor beeps, the ventilator hisses.
94) 0) text: Dr. Lunt stands by Jennifer's bed, supervising the Nurse an Orderly as they prepare her.
97) 0) text: Dr. Lunt looks up from making notes on Jennifer's chart, Crawford enters the room.
103) 0) text: - and into Jennifer's room, where he stops.     Shocked. The bed is being stripped, the equipment rolled out. Willy stares, breathless, overwhelmed.
104) 0) text: A Sikorsky S-76 Medevac chopper is preparing to take off, very loud and windy. Through the open doorway and the thick windows, we can glimpse Crawford sitting beside Jennifer, who is strapped to a gurney. She's connected to life-support equipment. The MED TECH is outside, checking a few last supplies and giving Crawford a moment alone with his wife. Crawford moves. He may be whispering to her.    Or adjust her pillow. Hard to tell. As he climbs out of the chopper - - he sees Willy across the roof, arguing with Dr. Lunt, w is skimming the court documents, shaking his head. Crawford, curious, walks toward the two men.
108) 0) text: Willy watches Crawford, who stares back at him.       Cal Glances uneasily at the Pilot, bug-headed in sun-goggles headphones. Flying them, calm. The Med Tech, adjusting Jennifer's portable ventilator. Calm.
112) 21) text: The Pilot turns - steeply, Willy falling over, the Med Te supplies spilling - as the Med Tech hastily removes Jennifer's breathing tube and prepares to begin C.P.R. -
112) 45) text: Willy is pointing at Jennifer - shocked - - as the Med Tech lets him up and they kneel by her, the Tech taking her pulse - Willy, staring down at her, inten She's breathing.
112) 49) text: Willy turns back to Jennifer. Delicately strokes the side her face. Her eyes flutter open -
112) 53) text: She squeezes his hand.      Very weakly. Crawford is looking daggers: die, bitch. Jennifer's eyes - fixed on Willy - roll back.        She
127) 0) text: Crawford fires at Jennifer - Crawford shoots at the trans
129) 0) text: Nunally rushes past Crawford to kneel by Jennifer - shock frantic -
132) 2) text: A Detective drops Jennifer's gun into an evidence bag - - as Nunally walks out.