25) 17) text: Beat. Willy doesn't like the implied personal judgement, the only way it shows is how calm he stays.
29) 0) text: Willy slips self-consciously through the double-doors, wearing the tuxedo. He gets even more self-conscious when he notices a handfu local REPORTERS. He hurries in - - passing Nunally, in the back row. Nunally is making a g show of keeping it together...but it's only a show. JUDGE IRENE FELDMAN, 50-ish, looks over her half-glasses.
29) 11) text: The Defense rises; Crawford hardly pays any attention to Judge - glancing back and noticing Nunally, whose eyes bo into him, haunted and burning. Crawford stares at him impassively a second, then turns t lean past his P.D. and watch Willy hastily skim the file.
29) 24) text: The P.D. shuts up, taken aback. The Judge considers Crawford, thoughtful, then turns to Willy.
29) 34) dialog: You don't need to look out for Mr. Slocum, Mr. Crawford. The District Attorney's office can shift another prosecutor to the case -
29) 45) text: JUDGE FELDMAN (cont'd) As for you, Mr. Crawford, I strongly urge you to retain counsel. Lack of same will not be grounds for appeal.
29) 50) text: Crawford smiles at him, as the Judge opens her calendar.
38) 0) text: JUDGE ROBINSON presiding. A mid-sized crowd, including a REPORTERS. A UNIFORM COP is in the witness box, Willy sta in the Prosecution Table.
38) 34) text: Judge Robinson gives Willy a warning look.
38) 38) text: Willy gives Judge Robinson an I-told-you-so shrug.     Tu Dr. Kang.
40) 0) text: The Judge grim, Willy panicked, Crawford calm.
40) 10) text: The Judge and Willy look at Crawford like he's truly insa
40) 17) text: The Judge looks at Willy.    This is bad.    Thinking fas
40) 27) text: Crawford raises his eyebrows. Awkward silence.         Wi a deep breath. Turns to the Judge.
63) 0) text: A faux-Tudor Hancock Park dining room.   Wealthy, but liv in. JUDGE LEWIS GARDNER, your basic Henry Fonda/Jimmy Stewart type patriarch, carves a turkey at the head of a long tab wearing a worn and gravy-splattered apron. Platters circulate in both directions among Nikki's older siblings (BURTON and SANDRA), their spouses, their children. Willy sits next to Nikki, who is high-stylish despite the fact that she's dressed "casual."
64) 19) text: He nods. Neither one moves. Judge Gardner enters cautious from the dining room - breaking the spell. Nikki nods goodbye to Willy, and goes out quickly without meeting her father's eye. Awkward pause.
64) 25) text: Willy looks at the kindly old judge, a little surprised. Gardner shrugs: my two cents.      He goes to a side-tabl the Yellow Pages.
71) 7) text: Crawford glances up at the Judge. Then at Gifford, as if he's just noticed him up there. Beat. Without getting up:
71) 22) text: The Judge hesitates.   Both men standing.
71) 27) text: Willy stares at Crawford, stunned. As the Judge reluctant nods to the Bailiff to collect Crawford's pages and opens law book:
71) 31) dialog: Your legal skills seem to have improved over the long weekend, Mr. Crawford.
71) 32) text: While the Judge checks the citations, Crawford glances at Willy. Amused. Beat. Willy looks down - reaches into his briefcase, move his cell-phone out from under some papers. To where he ca get it easily. Looks back up at Crawford.   Smiles slightly.
71) 34) text: Willy and Crawford turn to the Judge.
71) 38) text: The Judge nods. Willy nods down. Trying to focus. He's got nothing, and everyone in the room knows it. He can hear it, he can fee it. There's a restless, hungry edge to the crowded courtroom. He stares into his open briefcase: the cell phone. Next to it: the first class ticket and Nikki's note. Willy glances back at the gallery. Nunally's eyes burn in him. In the back: Lobruto frowns, concerned.
73) 4) text: Willy won't look up. Nunally stares, agonized. Willy grimaces slightly, as if he feels his soul burning turning to ash and blowing away - - nods, closing the cell phone, sliding it under Nikki's note. Shuts the briefcase. Looks at the Judge.
73) 9) text: Judge Robinson looks at Willy a moment - then at Crawford who has been waiting, calm and polite. Very reluctantly:
73) 11) text: Uproar.   The Judge bangs his gavel -
73) 15) text: Crawford gives the Judge a gentlemanly bow of the head. Willy begins to pack his papers into the briefcase.   Ref to look up. The Judge and the Bailiff might be saying other things, b no one is listening - SPECTATORS swarm up the aisles, out the hallway - and the Court starts to close down. Crawford comes over to Willy, holds out a hand. Willy looks him in the eye.   Doesn't move.   Crawford sh
83) 0) text: Willy's walking alongside Judge Robinson, as they leave t building. The Judge is wearing his "civilian clothes."
83) 10) text: The Judge stops - giving Willy a hard eye: I'm sympatheti but yelling at me is not a smart approach. Willy looks at the Judge a second - hapless, frustrated, scared - then nods and shakes his head and turns away - hurrying off through the homeward-bound crowds. The Judge watches him go.   Grimaces.
89) 0) text: Judge Gardner pulls his car out to the street - - swerving hastily, as Willy's car skids alongside and fo him to the curb, horn honking. Willy pulls to a stop, blocking Gardner's way, and gets o of the car - holding up both palms: just wait.