0) 52) dialog: (darkly) How can you be sure?
0) 56) dialog: (scornfully } Pan, the pacifist!
0) 58) dialog: And what if they break us? The sound of sawing starts in an adjacent room, and Caesa hand goes suddenly to his head.
0) 61) dialog: Does that include the children and their supervisor?
0) 63) dialog: (outraged) You intend to educate them? In the same schools as our own young?
0) 65) dialog: What child ever did? Now hammering starts in the next room.
0) 69) dialog: My son was born upon the ground.
0) 71) dialog: As Caesar pleases. Harmer, hammer, hammer! ho,
0) 96) text: Doc opens his bag, fills his hypodermic from the black-ta Plestic container and injects its contents into Lisa's ar minutes later she is dead. Doc, stunned and bewildered, can only stare and stare - f Lisa, then at his hypodermic. Caesar, reverting momentari primitivity, utters a single howl of grief and, with hand to his aching head, begins to "keen" in a low, moaning no recks from side to side inconsolably. The CROWD begins to towards the dais, but are held back by Aldo's Gorilla Pol Zeno is given access to the dais; by Macdonald, trying to through to Caesar's side, is clubbed to unconsciousness d rifle-butt,
0) 98) dialog: (among his troops, from below) The Queen is murdered!
0) 101) text: "Lex" moving quickly but carefully through a high thicket the Amphitheatre . . . with the blanketed baby in his arm pauses for a second to lock down on: Aldo ordering out, first, the cavalry to sweep the countr & search for "Lex"; then the police to arrest Doc, “the a and finally the infantry to herd all the Humans like catt their compound and set up guards round both it and the Hu children's school.
0) 109) dialog: Or one of many conspirators.. How many we do not know, So every human head must roll.
0) 111) dialog: Even privileged worms turn. Unless you stamp them into the ground.
0) 126) dialog: The answer to mistrust is massacre. If they live, they talk. If they talk, they plot, If they plot, we die.
0) 134) dialog: It makes sense, If they cannot speak, they cannot conspire. If they cannot conspire, they cannot dominate.
0) 152) dialog: You murdered Caesar's wife - 55.
0) 154) dialog: Your colleague stole his child. boc Yes, but he was only one...
0) 165) dialog: You're still searching?
0) 173) dialog: Caesar, the dust-cloud was_moving.
0) 183) text: Ape City - HIGH NOON, CROSS-CUTTING - EXT. Lisa's impressive Funeral. Six Chimpanzees are Coffin Bearers; and behind them walk Caesar (head bowed in grief) followed by Aldo, Zeno, Pan and a ceremonial detachment of Gorilla Infantry. As the cortege advances between Ape Spectators:
0) 184) dialog: {aside to Zeno} When my mother's time came for dying, she went into the woods - and died, She has no grave. Zeno shrugs. - INT, Medical Hut. Preparations for Doc's operation on Macdonald's vocal chords. Zaia has acquired a certain proficient menace as she straps Macdonald to the wooden operating-table and begins deftly to shave the stubble on both sides of his neck with a cut-throat razor. Outside the open window, a Gorilla Guard looks in. - A group of Young Gorillas complete the digging of a grave, as the Cortege approaches from b.g¢. - With strips of lint dipped first into a bowl and then into a perspex bottle, Zaia disinfects and locally anaesthetizes the shaven areas of Macdonald's neck,
0) 203) dialog: (to Infantry) Head him off! As they hesitate, Aldo draws a gun.
0) 204) dialog: (roaring) That is an orderlt
0) 205) text: The Infantrymen race to try and intercept Caesar before h the Medical Hut, in whose doorway stand Doc, Macdonald an thex) a bewildered Zaia. Aldo and Zeno follow leaving:
0) 209) dialog: (aiming gun at Doc) Now we can make war, 65.
0) 211) text: The main Ape-Huran battle is joined in the rocky open cou the site of Modern City and Ape City. Basically it is a b between Humans driving veteran vehicles with the reckless stock cars, and Apes on foot or horseback. But the Apes' (cannon and small-arms brought from the Modern City Arsen bigger and more up-to-date than Nimrod's. They have also taught (when building Ape City) to lay and detonate explo charges, which they use to deadly effect in rear of Nimro flanked Army. The battle rages with the do-or-die intensi Custer's Last Stand, Nets, too, are brought into use, and srerled-up vehicles are pounded by gunfire into immobilit n 66. #4 hanstul of Human survivors flee for refuge to the cave wnese location they know. They are joined in flight by th escapes children, and the group enters the cave mouth to inte Mutantville below, But Ape Scouts have observed this, and Aldo now advances in a final charge which isolates Nimrod and is driving hi cwarss the cave mouth when: rex. the cave mouth itself, Danny the Gunsmith and Mutant fire vhe mysterious projectile which falls just short of acvancing Apes and momentarily halts them, It doesn't exp Rv ticks; and while it ticks, Mutant 1's voice on a loud Taxes an announcement. The projectile contains (says the voice) a sophisticated vep-secret nerve gas which (through the innocent appearan