0) 50) dialog: Why did they fire at us?
0) 55) text: Caesar has Said again and again that the time for killing is over. Let them live and serve the Community like their fellows.
0) 57) dialog: General Aldo, your army exists to keep the peace - not to break it,
0) 60) dialog: (head in pain) In favor... ? Sawing continues as Zeno raises his hand, followed (after pause) by Pan. 39.
0) 66) dialog: Macdonald, can that noise be stopped? What are they building?
0) 70) dialog: (with sudden, icy fury) Your son was not royal. And the propriety of a prince's cot is not @ matter for debate in council.
0) 72) dialog: (both hands to head) Where's Lex?
0) 81) text: brain-expansion in an unexpandable cranium. But no X-ray is available to confirm this. Has "Lex" had any success psychiatrically? Not much, Some kind of mental censorship preventing Caesar from talking freely. Doc offers to inje minimal dose of pentothal to "unbutton” him. As they leav palace:
0) 89) text: * Though in this outline Lisa's role may appear skeletoni hope to build her relationship with Caesar into something tender, humorous and touching.
0) 90) text: boc 'Itil be around, ma'am. Send Anna if you need me.' He takes Anna aside into the passage connecting bedchambe anteroom and tells her that, due probably to the long, ar from Modern City to Ape City, the baby's position is wron not going to be an easy birth. Suddenly we hear Caesar's voice loudening vehind the anteroom door. cuT TO: 2. INT. A dramatic set-piece for Caesar, at long last giv to his guilt at having been instrumental in the death of huran foster-father, Arrando. (His lamentation will also this picture in the context of its predecessors.) "He lov and I killed him. There will be no more killing, while I "Lex" glibly soothes him. Armando died so as not to betra Had he so betrayed him, the Apes would still be slaves. I Armandots spirit survives, he would be happy at his own s eutcome, We end on Caesar's childlike whimper of dependen characterised his parting from Armando in "CONQUEST":
0) 91) dialog: Armando . . . Armando... Armando... A Boow! from the ceremonial cannons - which we may presum been horse-drawn and/or manhandled months ago into Ape Ci Caesar's personal standard breaks from the flagpole as th cortege approaches the dais in full view of the crowded A
0) 92) text: Lisa walks shakily on Caesar's arm, followed by Anna carr blanketed baby. Deferentially in the rear come Doc (with and "Lex" - respectively in attendance on Caesar and Lisa mount the dais, Lisa stumbles slightly ~ and Doc exchange disapproving headshake with "Lex", The Queen should not h allowed out so soon. A hush falls, as Caesar takes the baby from Anna's arms. with Lisa by his side, ne holds the child aloft.
0) 93) dialog: To the Council, to the Senate and to the People of this City, I present my newborn son... Tremendous cheering.
0) 94) dialog: And I name him, after my Ape father and my human foster-father, Cornelius Armando, The cannens boom; and as the cheering peaks, Lisa sways a "Tex" is at Caesar's side, Caesar gives him the baby to h crouches in great concern over Lisa, whom Doc ts already
0) 96) text: Doc opens his bag, fills his hypodermic from the black-ta Plestic container and injects its contents into Lisa's ar minutes later she is dead. Doc, stunned and bewildered, can only stare and stare - f Lisa, then at his hypodermic. Caesar, reverting momentari primitivity, utters a single howl of grief and, with hand to his aching head, begins to "keen" in a low, moaning no recks from side to side inconsolably. The CROWD begins to towards the dais, but are held back by Aldo's Gorilla Pol Zeno is given access to the dais; by Macdonald, trying to through to Caesar's side, is clubbed to unconsciousness d rifle-butt,
0) 99) dialog: (regaining his senses) Lex! Look to the child... He rises and peers about the dias. Then, in panic:
0) 100) dialog: {roaring) Le-e-e-x! Over a sudden, appalled and total hush, we: cut TO:
0) 110) text: Let us at least keep ours, What motive had the Doctor for murder? He'd already warned Caesar that the Queen was unfit to attend the child's public presentation, He was among the most privileged of our human advisers,
0) 112) dialog: (wearily) Lex was privileged, too. Might they not both have conspired to kill my wife and kidnap my Son?
0) 123) dialog: My wife is murdered and my son stolen. The Humans are in conspiracy against us,
0) 125) dialog: (yelling like Hitler) The point about conspiracy is that there should be no evidence, (quieter) Which of them can now be trusted? A silence, broken by:
0) 127) text: (leaping to his feet) Caesar has sworn publicly that "the time for killing is over!" That is an oath which cannot be broken.
0) 128) dialog: (with a slyness that should shock us) It can be modified. 51.
0) 130) dialog: By cutting out their tongues, A longer silence, broken by:
0) 132) dialog: {abruptly rising) Then find them. And he stalks darkly out of the Council Chamber through t ante-room door, leaving: After a pause:
0) 136) text: I'm worried about the Children. cuT TO; 52. Caesar entering Bedchamber, where Lisa lies robed "in sta As he kneels by the bedside, telling her that her death s be revenged, the hammering starts up again. Caesar stride angrily to the window and confronts: P.O.V, CLOSE SHOT: Brad, the carpenter, flanked by two Go Guards, He deferentially explains that he is completing a for the Queents Funeral tomorrow, and now carefully, deli screws in a single ornamental metal knob on the coffints So carefully, so delicately, that we shall remember the s in retrospect,
0) 151) dialog: (iciiy) If you do, the surgery will be performed by the aptest of your Ape pupils - doubtless more clumsily, probably more painfully and possibly lethally. Let us pray that she will improve with experience. poc But, Caesar .. . why?
0) 155) dialog: {looking shiftily from Side to side) Among how many? I offered you membership of a kingdom at peace. You gave me treachery, and are guilty of treason,
0) 157) dialog: They will grow into traitors.
0) 159) dialog: Armando once told me the-story of Judas, You, above all, In the silence we hear the approaching thud of galloping hooves.
0) 161) dialog: {very tense) News. 56. It is neither a question nor a statement but a command; a the Commander is loth to obey it. “He holds up a shred of fabric. Caesar is rubbing
0) 163) dialog: (taking it) It's from the blanket.
0) 167) dialog: (furious) Why ?
0) 169) dialog: (scornful) The country round the Old City is all dust. 57.
0) 172) dialog: (curtly) You have saved your people certainly from pain and possibly from massacre. (turning on Commander) Why did you call back the main body?
0) 174) dialog: (vaguely) When the wind blows... cuUT TO; InT. V.I.P, Shelter, starting on CLOSEUP of Ferale Mutant crooning to Baby Chimp.
0) 183) text: Ape City - HIGH NOON, CROSS-CUTTING - EXT. Lisa's impressive Funeral. Six Chimpanzees are Coffin Bearers; and behind them walk Caesar (head bowed in grief) followed by Aldo, Zeno, Pan and a ceremonial detachment of Gorilla Infantry. As the cortege advances between Ape Spectators:
0) 188) dialog: Stand back, all of you - and let me bid her good-byel 7¢ Jumps into the shallow grave and puts his lips to the lid. - Doc's scalpel touching Macdonald's neck for the first incision.
0) 191) dialog: Lisa, dearest Lisal Your death will be avenged. For your sake, I shall not kill those who have killed you. cUuT TO: Underground transmitter with Mutant Operators, and "Lex"
0) 200) dialog: Docto-o-ori Doctor Clement!
0) 205) text: The Infantrymen race to try and intercept Caesar before h the Medical Hut, in whose doorway stand Doc, Macdonald an thex) a bewildered Zaia. Aldo and Zeno follow leaving:
0) 208) dialog: (an insane yell) Set all humans freel Macdonald, not far from Caesar's side, intercepts a final exchange between Aldo putting his hand on his gun, and Ze As Aldo draws, Macdonald flings himself in front of Caesa instantly shot dead, His fall re-exposes Caesar, Aldo fir again, and Caesar falis dying beside Macdonald, whose nam twice before death cuts short what would have been a plea forgiveness,