0) 89) text: * Though in this outline Lisa's role may appear skeletoni hope to build her relationship with Caesar into something tender, humorous and touching.
0) 92) text: Lisa walks shakily on Caesar's arm, followed by Anna carr blanketed baby. Deferentially in the rear come Doc (with and "Lex" - respectively in attendance on Caesar and Lisa mount the dais, Lisa stumbles slightly ~ and Doc exchange disapproving headshake with "Lex", The Queen should not h allowed out so soon. A hush falls, as Caesar takes the baby from Anna's arms. with Lisa by his side, ne holds the child aloft.
0) 95) dialog: {frightened eyes flickering) Pain... pain... Too many Apes, eager to help, are crowding the dais. Anna reach her mistress, The Gorilla Police move in to hold th
0) 96) text: Doc opens his bag, fills his hypodermic from the black-ta Plestic container and injects its contents into Lisa's ar minutes later she is dead. Doc, stunned and bewildered, can only stare and stare - f Lisa, then at his hypodermic. Caesar, reverting momentari primitivity, utters a single howl of grief and, with hand to his aching head, begins to "keen" in a low, moaning no recks from side to side inconsolably. The CROWD begins to towards the dais, but are held back by Aldo's Gorilla Pol Zeno is given access to the dais; by Macdonald, trying to through to Caesar's side, is clubbed to unconsciousness d rifle-butt,
0) 103) text: - Cavalry thunderously chasing "Lex", who escapes unseen after appallingly narrow shaves. - Lisats corpse being shouldered away from the Amphitheat by chimp stretcher-bearers. - Doc's bag being dumped on a table for examination by an Orangutan, - "Lex", with blanketed-baby, slipping safely into the Mutant's cave-mouth, CUT TO; At Gorilla Police Headquarters, Doc is savagely grilled b Gorilla and an Orangutan interrogator. Doc protests that drug containers must have been switched by "Lex" to creat confusion in which the Queen's death would distract atten from the kidnapping of the baby. Scene ends on: Doc Lex must have been an impostor.
0) 136) text: I'm worried about the Children. cuT TO; 52. Caesar entering Bedchamber, where Lisa lies robed "in sta As he kneels by the bedside, telling her that her death s be revenged, the hammering starts up again. Caesar stride angrily to the window and confronts: P.O.V, CLOSE SHOT: Brad, the carpenter, flanked by two Go Guards, He deferentially explains that he is completing a for the Queents Funeral tomorrow, and now carefully, deli screws in a single ornamental metal knob on the coffints So carefully, so delicately, that we shall remember the s in retrospect,
0) 183) text: Ape City - HIGH NOON, CROSS-CUTTING - EXT. Lisa's impressive Funeral. Six Chimpanzees are Coffin Bearers; and behind them walk Caesar (head bowed in grief) followed by Aldo, Zeno, Pan and a ceremonial detachment of Gorilla Infantry. As the cortege advances between Ape Spectators: