0) 42) dialog: Who are you?
0) 44) dialog: What is your trade or profession?
0) 47) dialog: (a lipless smile) We have room for you, Come down,
0) 85) dialog: I'm taking you to the City Arsenal. Out of the bits and pieces the Apes left us, I want to construct a rather unusual missile. ye,
0) 87) dialog: Not noticeably. INT. Anteroom to bedchamber, CLOSEUP: Doc's hypodermic ne retracts from a small, red-tagged plastic container and i into Caesar's arm. As we PULL BACK to include a couch and Doc Caesar, youtll feel drowsy at first. Then relaxed. Relaxed enough to talk to... (indicating) Lex. An interruption. Lisa's human maid, Anna, enters to say t mistress's labor-pains have started. Caesar only drowsily Doe quietly puts back the pentothal-container in his dect from which he now extracts (say) a sphigmometer and a tub Ke leaves with Anna. And "Lex", seated behind Caesar's dr head, is left looking intently into the bag - in which is Plastic container identical with the first, except that i dDiack-tagged.
0) 103) text: - Cavalry thunderously chasing "Lex", who escapes unseen after appallingly narrow shaves. - Lisats corpse being shouldered away from the Amphitheat by chimp stretcher-bearers. - Doc's bag being dumped on a table for examination by an Orangutan, - "Lex", with blanketed-baby, slipping safely into the Mutant's cave-mouth, CUT TO; At Gorilla Police Headquarters, Doc is savagely grilled b Gorilla and an Orangutan interrogator. Doc protests that drug containers must have been switched by "Lex" to creat confusion in which the Queen's death would distract atten from the kidnapping of the baby. Scene ends on: Doc Lex must have been an impostor.
0) 120) dialog: "Hushaby, baby, on the tree-top. When the wind blows, the cradle will rock. When the bough breaks, the cradle will fell. And down will come baby and cradie and all.” 50.
0) 121) dialog: (tenderly) It's like having a baby of our own.
0) 175) dialog: {as though completing Caesar's line « « « the cradle will rock. We PULL BACK to include Male Mutant with "Lex" who looks on the Baby with smiling satisfaction. 58. FEMALE MUTANT (Cont.) When the bough breaks, the cradle will fall. Down will come cradle and.baby and all. "Lex" moves to open the door, from which he looks back,
0) 177) dialog: (dotingly) So do we. As "Lex" shuts the door behind him: cUuT TO: EXT. SPECIAL EFFECT: The faraway dust-cloud moving south the desert horizon, Too faraway for our eyes or ears to i its mature... yet, curt TO: 59. Reneath Modern City. "Lex", striding between the cracked of a subterranean corridor, is allowed ingress by two Mut GUARDS to the City's old Arsenal, where Danny the Gunsmit (with the help of Mutant labor) is consulting blueprints supervising the construction of a medium-sized projectile whose sinister oddity of design we shall leave to the ing of our Art Department.
0) 211) text: The main Ape-Huran battle is joined in the rocky open cou the site of Modern City and Ape City. Basically it is a b between Humans driving veteran vehicles with the reckless stock cars, and Apes on foot or horseback. But the Apes' (cannon and small-arms brought from the Modern City Arsen bigger and more up-to-date than Nimrod's. They have also taught (when building Ape City) to lay and detonate explo charges, which they use to deadly effect in rear of Nimro flanked Army. The battle rages with the do-or-die intensi Custer's Last Stand, Nets, too, are brought into use, and srerled-up vehicles are pounded by gunfire into immobilit n 66. #4 hanstul of Human survivors flee for refuge to the cave wnese location they know. They are joined in flight by th escapes children, and the group enters the cave mouth to inte Mutantville below, But Ape Scouts have observed this, and Aldo now advances in a final charge which isolates Nimrod and is driving hi cwarss the cave mouth when: rex. the cave mouth itself, Danny the Gunsmith and Mutant fire vhe mysterious projectile which falls just short of acvancing Apes and momentarily halts them, It doesn't exp Rv ticks; and while it ticks, Mutant 1's voice on a loud Taxes an announcement. The projectile contains (says the voice) a sophisticated vep-secret nerve gas which (through the innocent appearan
0) 217) dialog: It has no name.
0) 219) dialog: It has no secret either, It doesn't exist. The projectile was empty. Back in Ape City, Zeno reads a proclamation ordaining tha day Aldo and himself will be the City’s joint rulers. He ordains that the infected land between Modern City and Ap shall be called the "Forbidden Zone" (see Apes 1 and 2) a to deliver the first of the anti-Human homilies later to * Mendez is the name of the dynasty that is one day to ru We met Méndez XXVII in Apes 2. 68. incorporated in the Scrolls of the Lawgiver - by which na will be remembered for the next thousand years. As he spe we -