19) 2) dialog: How long are your sessions? Pink (05/18/2015) 22. On the white board: Twelve columns, with labels of countr
19) 7) dialog: Is there a scientific explanation for it? Like, is it for them?
19) 9) dialog: But it doesn’t take thirteen hours to pump fresh air into that room.
19) 11) dialog: Excuse me?
19) 13) dialog: So, you’re saying they could suffocate us if they wanted. Pink (05/18/2015) 22a, Weber guides Ian away from Halpern and the monitors, back toward the way out of the tent.
23) 0) text: Agent Halpern stands at the communications array, talking the Australian Scientist on the monitor, at the NZ site:
23) 1) dialog: We're up in fifteen. Got any new intel? Anything working?
23) 3) dialog: Where does that get you?
23) 5) dialog: Audio of what?
26) 2) dialog: Like the time I got bronchitis. OK, let me know if you figure that out. INT. SCIENCE TENT - LOUISE’S DESK - LATER 50 Louise studies at her desk. CELLO MUSIC distracts Louise, and she looks up. On a screen, the Japanese site is performing ‘Canon in D’ with a cellist in their interview chamber. Louise reviews the logograms from the session printed on large photo paper. The one on top is labeled “EARTH.” She’s circled pieces of the logogram in red pen, making n like “curling ascender = proper noun?” With a straight edge, Louise divides the circular logogra into twelve slices, isolating the different graphical elements in the alien symbol. She labels them 1 to 12. Louise blinks and takes a breath. Rubs the bridge of her and works a kink in her neck. Then leans back in, momenta renewed with focus. A high-pitched RINGING creeps into her ears. She winces--
29) 4) dialog: Problem is, that shell dropped at the border, so when Pakistan rolled out their army to secure the site from locals, India got all fussy, amassing two armored divisions at the border.
29) 6) dialog: And tell them what exactly?
30) 0) text: Colonel Weber, Agent Halpern, and Doctor Kettler step to of Kettler’s work tables in a private conference, as if t just arrived in a hurry.
30) 4) dialog: No. But no one else has made this kind of progress. You saw it. Weber doesn’t like this decision, but he concedes:
33) 2) dialog: It could just be a request-- --or a warning-- Over the din of everyone talking and no one truly listeni comes the booming voice of Weber in his best stern father
33) 9) dialog: It’s more complicated than that.
33) 11) dialog: Set aside our own reaction to the message, we have to consider the other nations and how they will interpret this. (pointing at monitor) Like China. Have you met General Shang? How about a little round of “meet the scary-powerful men.” Halpern points at a profile photo of a distinguished Chin man in dress uniform: GENERAL SHANG. AGENT HALPERN (CONT’D) The call-sign for him is Big Domino. Because he’s a tastemaker. Whatever Shang does, at least four other nations will follow.
33) 13) dialog: But we can’t say the same for other nations where these ships have landed. And Russia has control of two sites. Twice the data. Yellow (06/11/2015) 51.
33) 16) dialog: We need to sit on this information until we know what it means. So we aren’t sharing with our enemies. We have to consider the idea that our ‘visitors’ are prodding us to fight among ourselves until only one faction prevails.
33) 18) dialog: Sure there is. Just grab a history book. The British with India. The Germans with Rwanda. They even got a name for it in Hungary. Halpern’s cell phone rings, and before he takes the call- AGENT HALPERN (CONT’D) We are a world with no single leader. It’s impossible to deal with just one of us. And with the word “weapon” now... Louise pales. Feeling like she just broke something. She looks for someone to talk to and finds Ian deep in though keeping his eyes on the twelve monitors.
33) 21) dialog: China and Russia are off the grid. They aren't speaking to anyone. Whatever they learned in their last session has them spooked-- (into phone) Yes sir. (to Weber) We have orders to do the same.
33) 22) dialog: What? These people are our Until we figure out what the allies! Ian, tell him. message means--
33) 25) dialog: Put us on radio silence. ON ONE SCREEN: It’s their own tent, the camera pointed at Louise and Ian. Louise rushes to the mic--
33) 29) dialog: You want to talk to them, find out what this means. Please. I will sleep better if you do. He holds up the printout with the words “OFFER WEAPON.” Louise grabs the page from him and storms off to her desk Ian (quietly boiling) passes by Halpern and hisses:
46) 9) dialog: May I have a word, Colonel? Weber nods to Louise: Dismissed.
47) 17) dialog: Doctor Banks! Tan grabs Louise by the hand. He’s not going in alone.
47) 20) dialog: No one authorized you back inside-- But the two pile into a pickup and Ian peels out. Halpern moves for the second truck, where two HAZMAT-suit TECHS arrive looking confused -- the rest of Ian’s team. EXT. “THE SHELL” — DAY A87 Ian slides the pickup to a stop close to the scissor lift Louise hurries out on one side, Ian following. Neither of them in suits or with respirators. In the distance, the other truck is on approach, leaving rooster tail of dust behind it. Ahead, the scissor lift DESCENDS from its high perch at t surface, revealing Lasky and Combs in full suits. Ian and Louise climb in as they step out. Louise makes ey contact with Lasky.
51) 35) dialog: Or we’re one of twelve contestants for the prize.
51) 39) dialog: In case you don’t remember, we're blacked out. So are the other nations. We’re on our own. Pink (05/18/2015) 95.
51) 41) dialog: And I’m telling you no one else believes that. Halpern swivels his laptop around and shows a recording: AGENT HALPERN (CONT’D) Two hours ago we pulled this audio off a secure channel in Russia. Someone on the science team there was broadcasting wide. He clicks playback, and we see a screen go black with Eng translation appearing as the recording plays over the sou of pounding on the door--
51) 44) dialog: I don’t need an interpreter to know what this means. Russia just executed one of their own experts to keep their secrets. He clicks through to show on his monitor: Every Shell now hovers over their site. From Hokkaido to Wales, the massive spheres hang in the air. Waiting.
51) 46) dialog: Why hand it out to us in pieces? Why not just give it all over?
51) 48) dialog: Even if I did believe you, how in the world are you going to get anyone else to play along and give up their data? Ian jumps on this one:
51) 50) dialog: A trade.
51) 58) dialog: Nine of the landing sites have gone total comms blackout. Only way to reach them is to physically drive there and yell at the border guard. Which we're doing, but it won’t be fast enough.
51) 60) dialog: To our allies, maybe, but at this stage it’s too little too late. What we need is to get all the nations online before one starts global war, and there’s no way for us to reach them. It’s a living nightmare for Louise; all that needs to hap is for people to talk to each other, but no one will. The
51) 66) dialog: And if their intent is global war?
51) 69) dialog: I’m not having our decisions outsourced to the enemy--
51) 71) dialog: Maybe this is their way of being aggressive!
52) 1) dialog: Vehicle's missing. Another low BASS TONE emanates from the ship-- and it see to PUSH THE CLOUDS around it like a ripple on water. INT. “THE SHELL” - CONTINUOUS Alo4 FROM BLACK, a circle of BLACK separates and shrinks. It takes us a moment to realize we’re inside the ship, looking straight down as a cylinder descends to the groun
53) 2) dialog: What the hell is she doing? She steps into the cylinder.
63) 2) dialog: Here? What do you mean “here”?
64) 1) dialog: Whose phone is it?
64) 3) dialog: (to CIA) Search the base now! INT. CLEAN ROOM c1l6 Louise enters the clean room, speaking urgently with Shan