16) 0) text: Colonel Weber, Ian, and Louise are escorted out of the helicopter and into base camp. The camp is divided into t clusters of tents/buildings: OPERATIONS and SCIENCE. CAPTAIN MARKS (barely 30, disciplined; a man of rules) me Weber and updates him as they walk:
16) 1) dialog: Materials team called in with some early analysis.
16) 3) dialog: Normally you find three or four elements in base material. Humans have eleven. That thing is made of every single element known to us plus a dozen we’ve never seen. Weber frowns, worried. But Ian has the opposite reaction: face lights up in wonderment, and a hundred questions pil in his mind but then —-
16) 5) dialog: Yessir.
17) 0) text: Captain Marks leads them to a large tent. Louise looks back at the ship for a moment. Nervous. Behind her, Ian looks back at it too. Curious.
18) 0) text: A staff of military medical personnel are busy testing ne diagnostic equipment. Captain Marks opens a flap into a room where we find a ma scrubs with a tray of hypodermics. This is DR. KETTLER; professorial, even-toned voice, but a predator’s eyes.
20) 4) text: Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 24. Full HAZMAT suits hang on a wall. Captain Marks brings Ian and Louise in. They each have co swabs taped to their elbows now.
20) 5) dialog: Climb into these. I’ll help you with the helmet seals.
20) 7) dialog: Nominal. These are just for safety.
20) 10) dialog: There’s a wall. Like a glass wall. You can’t get to them.
21) 3) dialog: Here’s where it starts to get strange.
29) 36) dialog: Doctor Banks... Louise then puts her HAND on the barrier. Leaves it there The shorter one (ABBOTT), drifts close, too. And through the vague cloud, something specific: It raise limb and puts a SEVEN-FINGERED ‘HAND’ on its side. Near Louise’s hand. She smiles, still partly terrified but also reassured.
33) 1) dialog: But you saw what they wrote-- ~-using a word they don’t fully understand!
36) 19) dialog: New policy. Carry these on you when you're in the Shell.
36) 21) dialog: Before the blackout, the Swedish site reported their last session ran long by about twenty minutes.
36) 23) dialog: They still wear full HAZMAT suits, doctor. Like the rest of the world. Tan and Louise trade looks. Dr. Kettler enters, with his medical bag.
36) 27) dialog: Show them the question. Louise takes a breath and holds up her whiteboard while t Techs set up the video equipment behind her. It reads, in subtitled logogram: “OFFER WEAPON?” Abbott and Costello make little movement. No answer.
36) 32) dialog: You're good to go. On one monitor, the library of new learned logograms is currently blank. Like a spreadsheet waiting to be filled.
37) 5) dialog: (into mic) One is approaching the boundary with two, uh, limbs raised. Abbott reaches the boundary, holding up two of his seven “hands.” He places them at two points on the transparent and begins to draw. Ink issues from his hands as he does. Abbott writes a heptapod sentence in real-time. With two hands simultaneously. It is poetry in motion. A dance of ink. He begins at oppo ends, and then writes phrases and symbols in a perfect pa of arcs so that they connect as a circle at the end.
47) 11) dialog: Ten minutes to session. Ian-- you’re up. Louise leans in to Ian to keep him focused on the problem front of him.
57) 5) dialog: Sir! We’re getting the order from command to evacuate immediately.
57) 7) dialog: Big Domino. Captain Marks and Weber move for the War Room tent. Louise gives Ian a pained look. Like she’s lost and afrai