18) 0) text: A staff of military medical personnel are busy testing ne diagnostic equipment. Captain Marks opens a flap into a room where we find a ma scrubs with a tray of hypodermics. This is DR. KETTLER; professorial, even-toned voice, but a predator’s eyes.
18) 1) dialog: Louise Banks and Ian Donnelly? Louise nods. Kettler gestures to two plastic chairs. They sit, while he prepares a syringe with a vial attached. DR. KETTLER (CONT’D) When is the last time either of you have eaten?
18) 4) dialog: When is the last time you did something stressful?
18) 7) dialog: Not everyone is wired for what you’re about to do. Our brains aren’t always able to process experiences like this. (then) I’m going to get some blood from you, and give you an immunization dose that covers a battery of bacterial threats. Roll up your sleeves, please. Ian begins rolling up his Oxford shirt sleeve. Louise not Ian is complying, then follows suit. Kettler moves his tray over and wraps a band around Louis arm, just above her elbow. As he draws blood: DR. KETTLER (CONT’D) The booster is a kick to your system, so you might feel some side effects. Nausea. Dizziness. Headaches. A ringing in your ear like you have Tinnitus. Louise looks over at Ian to share a look of: Do you belie what Kettler just said? But Ian is staring out a window at the big ship.
30) 2) dialog: No radiation. Nothing else we can detect, either. But I’d give them a strong cocktail, regardless.
30) 8) dialog: (as they leave) Signs of what?
34) 24) dialog: (pre-lap) How do you feel? 66 INT. MEDICAL TENT - DR. KETTLER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LAT A pen light shines in Louise’s left eye.
34) 26) dialog: That makes two of us. I hear you collapsed in the ops tent.
34) 28) dialog: Well, you're not getting radiation poisoning. (MORE)
34) 30) dialog: We’ll see how your blood tests look, but for now I’m going to give you another boost. Try and sleep this one off, okay? He sinks the needle into her arm. Louise tries not to fli
36) 24) dialog: Let’s roll up those sleeves...
50) 1) dialog: Careful. You suffered a concussion.
50) 3) dialog: Three broken ribs and a sprained ankle, but otherwise he’s fine.
50) 5) dialog: About two hours. Been strangely quiet ever since. Kettler tends to her, examines her pulse and temperature.
50) 7) dialog: It was a couple of soldiers. They’d been watching too much TV, afraid the gift was going to kill us all.
50) 11) dialog: The agency man, Halpern, he shot them, but it was too late. Outside: The entire camp is mobilized. One tent one the e of camp is in the process of being collapsed. Even more sobering: A truck parks nearby, towing the SCIS LIFT used to get up into the Shell.
50) 13) dialog: Preparing to evacuate. Louise tenses. She looks around -- Ian isn’t in the tent.
50) 15) dialog: Weber came and got him, maybe ten minutes ago. He wouldn’t leave until he knew you were okay. But your whole tent is on the clock to figure out whatever it is you were given up there. Because we’re pulling up stakes. Louise immediately gets up, past Kettler, and goes for th tent exit. DR. KETTLER (CONT’D) Medevac is on the way! 91