12) 1) dialog: Language is the foundation of civilization. Across from her: IAN DONNELLY (late 30s), Oxford shirt, w hair, fierce eyes, and a smile in the corner of his mouth that makes it hard to tell what he’s thinking. Ian holds a book. He’s reading from it.
12) 3) dialog: “It is the glue that holds a people together, and it is the first weapon drawn in a conflict.”
12) 6) dialog: You wrote it.
12) 13) dialog: That’s what they’re calling the UFO.
12) 15) dialog: Yes, but beyond that: How did they get here? Are they capable of faster-than-light travel? Ian pulls a Moleskine notebook from his pocket, excited t share from it--
12) 16) dialog: I've prepared a list of questions, starting with some “handshake” binary sequences-- 28 29 30 Yellow (06/11/2015) 18.
15) 0) text: Louise and Ian stare out the side window at the ship.
16) 0) text: Colonel Weber, Ian, and Louise are escorted out of the helicopter and into base camp. The camp is divided into t clusters of tents/buildings: OPERATIONS and SCIENCE. CAPTAIN MARKS (barely 30, disciplined; a man of rules) me Weber and updates him as they walk:
17) 0) text: Captain Marks leads them to a large tent. Louise looks back at the ship for a moment. Nervous. Behind her, Ian looks back at it too. Curious.
18) 3) dialog: Same. 34 Yellow (06/11/2015) 21.
18) 5) dialog: Does right now count?
19) 0) text: Ian and Louise enter this tent that serves as the nerve center of base camp. The room is fitted with dozens of flatscreens, each one monitoring activity of a landing si in some other part of the world.
19) 10) dialog: Atmosphere.
19) 12) dialog: If their atmosphere is different from Earth, it could take them hours to re-balance the oh-two content and pressure for us every time they open their door.
19) 15) dialog: Have they responded to anything? Numbers? Shapes? Fibonnacci?
20) 0) text: On the other side of basecamp: Communications. Weber pull back the flap and Louise enters, Ian trailing behind her. Inside: A dozen MEN AND WOMEN work at computer stations w large monitors and at an oversized white board. The monit all display the same kind of data: audio recordings, visu bouncing and fluctuating as the alien VOICES speak. Some of the members approach to shake Louise’s hand, and LIB their greetings before returning to analysis work. A few of them remain at their stations, headphones on.
20) 4) text: Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 24. Full HAZMAT suits hang on a wall. Captain Marks brings Ian and Louise in. They each have co swabs taped to their elbows now.
20) 6) dialog: What kind of radiation exposure are we walking into?
20) 9) dialog: No.
20) 11) dialog: What do they look like? A flashing light winks over the exit door. Captain Marks claps his hands: Let’s go. On Louise, wanting to get off this ride, but she follows- EXT. BASE CAMP — DAY A36 The Shell looms in the distance, at the other end of a mi long “road” formed in the grass from all the back-and-for A dusty PICKUP TRUCK waits for them, its tailgate down, a step ladder planted at its lip. A second TRUCK is already on the road, its bed loaded wit gear and two SCIENCE TECHS in similar moonsuits. Nearby, two DRONE OPERATORS launch a surveillance drone i the air, which then flies ahead of the trucks, toward the shell. Leading the way. 37 Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 25. Louise and Ian are led into their pickup truck. Bench sea has been set up, but it all feels a bit cobbled together. Weber (in his suit and mask) nods at a LIEUTENANT who loc the tailgate into place for them and slaps the truck: The good to go. The truck starts for the Shell. Louise stares at it with wide eyes. Soon, the sun eclipse the ship and the whole truck succumbs to shadow. HIGH ANGLE: From a perch above the Shell: the two tiny tr slow as they arrive underneath it. EXT. “THE SHELL” - MOMENTS LATER 37 The craft is even more intimidating close-up. Its surface the undercarriage portion seems to absorb light. It’s also floating twenty or so feet overhead. Louise and Ian join a small contingent of MILITARY PERSON also in HAZMAT suits, all attending crates of specialty g One of them gestures at: A SCISSOR LIFT parked directly under the Shell. Nearby, a second “backup” scissor lift sits parked. She follows Weber, Marks, and two other Science Techs (a total of 6). Her breath is loud in her helmet. She’s shak They step onto the Scissor Lift. Captain Marks pounds a button and they start to elevate. A safety CHAIN hooked to the guard rail on the lift RATTL incessantly. Louise notices it. Looks up again.
20) 13) dialog: They probably traveled millions of light years, they couldn’t go an extra twenty feet? Said with a grin, but no one laughs. The lift is now so close overhead, they can reach up and touch it. The two TECHS do just that -- feeling the surfa for some purchase or change. But it’s so dark, there’s no real sense of dimension here. 38 Yellow (06/11/2015) 26. Ian tries, too. And suddenly they’re all reaching, feelin IAN’S GLOVED HAND curls into something. An edge. A hole t can’t be seen on the surface. It widens, as marked by his hand. Opening like a mouth to accept the lift inside.
21) 4) dialog: “Starts?” Everyone in the lift rises maybe an inch, like balloons. Several of them immediately grab hold of the railing. Louise looks down at her HAZ-MAT boots. Noticing the lowe gravity here. How easy it would be to float away. That’s just what TECH 1 and TECH 2 do -- they grab their gear, bend at the knees, and then launch upward in a floa slow-motion leap... Yellow (06/11/2015) 26a. Ian lets out a spontaneous little LAUGH as he sees them g slowly righting themselves to the shift in gravity until they’re both standing next to the glowstick. Captain Marks follows, like it’s nothing; like it’s a com to a job. Ian looks to Louise, as if they're both at the top of a r in a theme park and he’s looking to see if she goes first She’s terrified. So he jumps. 39 Pink (05/18/2015) 27. Ian lands gently, maybe twenty feet up. He looks down at them, opens his mouth to say something, can’t figure out answer, so instead he turns to face the “top” of the tunn And he slowly walks after the Techs. The light-and-dark i the tunnel casts eerie reflections on his mask. All that’s left is Louise and Weber. He can hear her breathing shallow inside her suit.
22) 0) text: The chamber has no hard corners or edges. Vaguely rectangular. The room is bisected by a semi-transparent wall. The wall be seen through, but it renders the other side milky and foggy-- it’s uncertain if the atmosphere on that side is sort of gas, or if the barrier just makes it seem so. The TECHS with Weber and Marks quickly set up an arsenal video, audio, and other recording equipment to face this glass-like partition. Chemical sniffers. IR and UV camera Barometers. And most disturbingly, an old-tech detection among the high-tech: A CANARY IN A CAGE. On the other side, the room seems empty. Louise and Ian are speechless. Their breathing is loud in their ears. Colonel Weber steps up to them.
23) 0) text: Agent Halpern stands at the communications array, talking the Australian Scientist on the monitor, at the NZ site:
23) 8) dialog: (calling through door) Doctor Banks? ...Louise? 44 INT. “CLEAN ROOM” 44 Louise sits on the bench, still in her clothes. The HAZ-M suit hangs across from her. Her leg bounces nervously. She’s not ready to go back in. can hear Weber outside:
23) 10) dialog: I’m really not that good at talking to other humans. It’s all on Louise. She sits up and looks away from the d afraid to step out... And her attention lands on something. On the wall. A SMALL WHITEBOARD. Used for recording the HAZ-MAT suit cleaning schedule. Names and shifts in dry-erase markers. 45 46 Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 33. Louise sees it and is seized by an idea.
24) 8) dialog: Absolutely. It’s all downloading back at basecamp. One of the aliens “speaks” again. Flutter-tone, flutter-t THE LOGOGRAM MORPHS into another form, replacing the prev one. This one more intricate.
24) 25) dialog: Is that true? The kangaroo story?
29) 0) text: Louise enters the tent to find Ian and Weber already here with other team members. Tan has a sketchbook, he’s busy with an art pencil, liste and nodding to the British Scientist on his monitor.
29) 2) dialog: Congrats. You’re a parrot. Yellow (06/11/2015) 40.
29) 21) dialog: Well, that’s progress.
29) 25) dialog: Whoa whoa hey-- Weber's voice pipes in via intercom, from the ops tent:
29) 29) dialog: Made me look like a beekeeper. Ian erases Louise’s name on the board and writes his.
29) 34) dialog: I was thinking Abbott and Costello.
31) 3) dialog: Session six. Had some trouble with basics, but they understand complex interactions right away. Not that it’s a race, but I’m totally ahead now.
32) 2) dialog: Session eleven. How can they stare at me when I use simple math? INT. INTERVIEW CHAMBER ~—- MOMENTS LATER F58 A graphic on the glass animates, showing our solar system highlighting “EARTH.” INT. LOUISE'S OFFICE TENT — NIGHT G58 Louise practices drawing her own logograms, trying to mim the inkblot style. Nearby, the whiteboard with the goal: “WHAT IS YOUR PURPOSE ON EARTH?” Several words leading to question have been marked -- she’s taught them those.
32) 7) dialog: Yeah, we can manage that. Louise, now unsure whom she needs to convince first--
32) 11) dialog: I know you’re the language expert, but I know how to talk to these guys. You don’t say ‘no’ to them. You say ‘yes’ and then find a way to control the situation.
32) 13) dialog: It wasn’t that hard. 61 Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 48. INT. INTERVIEW CHAMBER -— DAY 61 Captain Marks remains in the room in full HAZMAT suit, monitoring the equipment with another TECH. Ian looks on at Louise, worried. Louise holds a HUNTING K in her hands, the notecard tucked in one palm. On the semi-transparent wall facing her, the heptapods ha written a terse, angular symbol next to the word Louise h written: “WEAPON.”
32) 19) dialog: What can I do? Louise gives him two print-outs.
32) 21) dialog: What does it say?
33) 5) dialog: In addition, it’s possible they are wanting us to offer them something, not the other way around. Like the first part of a trade.
33) 23) dialog: That is a bad idea. It sends a clear signal of hostility. If we start this—~ A fourth monitor goes dark: Indian Ocean.
33) 30) dialog: By then it will be too late. ON THE MONITORS: four of the twelve now blacked out, with rest talking over each other, panicked... And then a FIFT monitor goes dark. INT. SCIENCE TENT - LOUISE’S DESK -— NIGHT 63 Louise wears a set of noise-cancelling headphones at her desk, listening to the spoken heptapod language and tryin shut out the world beyond. She stares at one of the logograms as she listens to the audio. It’s a circular piece full of whorls and curls. Writing notes to herself as she does: “They have landed? Earth? Planet?” Louise underlines that last word, she hears a new voice:
34) 15) dialog: Louise? You okay? Louise recovers from a sudden vertigo. She focuses on Ian
34) 18) dialog: Me? I’m fine. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 56. Weber brings Ian close to Louise’s desk and surveys the heptapod writing scattered over it. He takes a moment and chooses his words carefully.
34) 20) dialog: She’s not alone. We’re making good progress. We’re teaching each other physics and language.
34) 22) dialog: No-- you can’t do that. (recovers ) I’m saying, it won’t come to that.
35) 0) text: Armed SOLDIERS are stationed at regular intervals around tight perimeter. Disturbing, as the base camp previously not seem military-led. Their presence is slowly increasin Private Lasky stands guard, and looks back at the mammoth Shell above him. He’s joined by Private COMBS, who gives ship a similar look of aggression. They notice each other glaring at the ship, and share a wordless nod of solidari Two soldiers who both spotted the enemy. EXT. HILLSIDE NEAR BASE CAMP — DUSK 68 Ian sits atop a sleeping bag, staring out at the massive with a look just the opposite of Lasky’s glare. He has a sketchbook open, filled with mechanical drawings advanced equations, and notes to himself. Louise ascends the hill toward him.
35) 2) dialog: Why do you think I’m hiding out here? Come, join me. She considers it a moment, then sits down next to him as makes room for her on his sleeping bag.
36) 2) dialog: You know, you approach language like a mathematician.
36) 4) dialog: You should! You steer us around communication traps I didn’t know existed. Which probably explains why I’m single. Louise studies Ian’s face to see if he’s being sarcastic. He’s not. This is honesty.
36) 6) dialog: Oh no. “Smart” is bad.
36) 10) dialog: This was the same year I dressed up as a wilderness explorer for Halloween. My room was papered with hand-drawn maps of my neighborhood. (beat) I studied every inch of that globe, and it was the saddest moment of my childhood. Everything had already been explored. (beat) Next Halloween, I was an astronaut.
36) 12) dialog: I’ve spent the last thirty years staring at the sky. Trying to find a way out there. Now it’s here, and I don’t know how I feel about it.
36) 14) dialog: Because they’ve already explored it. Louise shivers; it’s getting cold up here. Ian drapes a blanket over her shoulders and shares it wit her. The two huddle close together, under the massive spherical Shell lit by drifting spotlights.
36) 16) dialog: That’s a good thing. Have you seen the jokers around us?
36) 20) dialog: You're worried we'll run out of air inside? Why?
36) 28) dialog: This isn’t working. Louise speaks directly to Abbott, stepping a bit closer:
36) 29) text: Are you offering us something? She holds up the whiteboard again. Another quiet conference between Abbott and Costello. More ink floats to the barrier to form a complex LOGOGRAM followed by the translation in subtitles. “MUST LEARN MORE FROM IAN LOUISE”
37) 0) text: The sentence on Louise’s flatscreen reads: “Ian gives Lou an apple because tomorrow she will be hungry.” On the monitor behind her: the library is FULL of logogra Abbott replies. The written logogram is displayed: A gorg interwoven circle of loops, whorls, and splotches.
37) 1) dialog: What is that?
37) 3) dialog: No front or back. Like their bodies. And the ship. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 64.
37) 7) dialog: They’d have to actually think nonlinearly, then. Louise grabs a tablet synced to the large flatscreen and draws in heptapod logograms. She does it one-handed, but she’s quite good at it. 65.
37) 12) dialog: When did we teach them any of this? Abbott answers in heptapod with another elegant logogram. Louise smiles and nods at Abbott.
37) 13) dialog: (astonished) You can read that?
37) 16) dialog: How do you know?
37) 18) dialog: So I see.
37) 20) dialog: Son of a bitch. He’s giving us homework.
38) 0) text: Louise and Ian leave the trucks for the science tent, escorted by men on either side. Weber walks with them. Lo looks pale and slightly ill.
38) 2) dialog: I don’t know yet. I have to dig into it, figure out what they’re even asking.
40) 0) text: Louise sits alone, rubbing her temples. Her plate: untouc Ian enters, looking worse for wear. He grabs a pre-made m and joins Louise at her table. His eyes are bloodshot.
40) 2) dialog: I’m hiding from Weber.
40) 6) dialog: Let me tell you a story about probability. He pours a dollop of salt on the table between them. A fe quick shakes.
40) 7) dialog: The current world population is hovering close to eight billion, but we started out as just a trickle, right? Things got really populated in the last couple of centuries, so here’s humanity: He then shakes out a salt line for a bit until he unscrew the cap and dumps a heap at the end. TAN (CONT’D) This line represents the population of the whole history of humanity. Estimated at just over 100 billion. What that means is: About eight percent of every human who ever lived is alive right now. And that puts us at this pileup at the end.
40) 13) dialog: I can’t tell that to Weber.
40) 15) dialog: How are you holding up?
40) 17) dialog: I hear they have the prefabs up finally. We get private housing.
40) 19) dialog: Hey. He reaches across the table and takes her hand in his. Louise looks at Ian. Then at their hands.
40) 20) dialog: We'll get through. It’s all right. She pulls her hands from him, suddenly shy.
40) 27) dialog: I’1ll see you later. (once more) We’ll get a win soon. Tan leaves. When he’s gone, Louise’s headache returns.
45) 0) text: Louise opens the door to find Weber and Ian standing outs their breath pluming in the cold air.
45) 2) dialog: How are you feeling? Louise tries to read the situation. Something is wrong. Ian looks concerned. Weber looks suspicious.
45) 11) dialog: All this focus on alien language. Look, I did some research and there's this idea that immersing yourself in a foreign language can rewire your brain--
45) 13) dialog: Are you dreaming in this language? Louise looks from Ian to Weber. Guarded.
45) 21) dialog: If I had to. Yes.
45) 25) dialog: Louise, you just need to recover--
46) 0) text: The two push through the tent flap, and Louise is startle EVERY SINGLE TV SCREEN is filled with footage of violence Gunfire at the grounds of another alien site. Riots at another. Naval maneuvers on the Indian Ocean. Weber hands Louise a set of headphones, and replays a vid ON SCREEN: Spy footage of two CHINESE MEN meeting at a ca not unlike the Montana site. Muddled voices in Mandarin. Louise translates:
47) 0) text: Louise enters, distraught. Goes to her desk. ANGLE ON IAN, engrossed in his study of previous sessions until he hears Louise gathering papers at her desk. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 77. He sees her through the timeline screen bisecting their workspace. It’s like the glass barrier in the chamber. After a beat, he decides to approach her.
47) 1) dialog: Hey.
47) 3) dialog: How are you doing? She keeps gathering printouts of logograms. Shoving mater into folders.
47) 5) dialog: Why? Because I-- because you were starting to scare me. (steps closer) You would have done the same for me, if you were in my shoes. Louise turns to him now. Vulnerable, and mad about it. Bu refusing to cry in front of him.
47) 7) dialog: Louise...their word is an ambigram. It reads the same front or back.
47) 10) dialog: On your side, the human race is at the end of its time. But here-- to the heptapods—- we’re just getting started. The low BASS TONE reverberates through the tents.
47) 13) dialog: My god. It’s not a problem at all, it’s a choice. He charges off, right out of the tent.
47) 16) dialog: That’s what they’re saying. It’s like a warning label on a power tool. Whatever they’re offering us, we can use it to flourish for millions of years, or we can do something stupid and end it all right now. Halpern steps out of the Ops Tent with Weber and zeroes i Tan leading Louise for the Shell door.
47) 19) dialog: Come on. Louise hurries after Ian.
48) 0) text: Louise and Ian arrive to find Abbott already here, advanc for the glass barrier. Abbott’s movement suggests an urge
48) 4) dialog: Can you?
48) 6) dialog: What?
48) 10) dialog: What is he doing? Louise’s eyes widen as she realizes...
49) 2) dialog: This is it. (into headset) This is the gift! Yellow (06/11/2015) 79C.
49) 4) dialog: What is he saying? Louise approaches the barrier, frowning. Meanwhile, a faint BEEPING begins quickening somewhere in interview chamber.
49) 6) dialog: Louise! Ian runs to grab Louise-- Louise looks back at Abbott-- he’s warning them-- Suddenly the gravity shifts in the chamber-- Louise and I find themselves sliding AWAY from the barrier, right back into the tunnel-- Louise looks one last time at Abbott and sees: He’s pressing his seven-fingered hand to the glass once m The way he did when she first shared her name. This image shrinks as gravity takes Louise away from the chamber and then with a cacophonous BOOM-- The interview chamber is ENGULFED IN A FIREBALL, with an impact so hard Louise sees it SHATTER THE BARRIER-- Ian and Louise stop sliding, but then the firecloud rolls toward them out the chamber and into the tunnel--
50) 19) dialog: Is this all of it? The feed wasn’t cut before the explosion?
50) 21) dialog: We should combine my team with Louise’s and get them all working on this.
50) 23) dialog: I don’t know yet. But they’re finally speaking my language. Louise enters the tent, shoving the flap aside. Weber sees her coming.
51) 0) text: Close in: the data playing out on a large flatscreen. The twelve landing site MONITORS are all black. Ian and Louise sit together, down from their early high o receiving the gift. Now they face a mountain of material.
51) 1) dialog: I don’t get it.
51) 5) dialog: But look at their math. This is their code; their building blocks. But I don’t know where anything starts or ends! It may as well be random. Strange RORSCHARCH-LIKE DIAGRAMS animate on screen. 98 Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 91.
51) 24) dialog: Sorry.
51) 26) dialog: That question is irrelevant, if you’re a heptapod. He smiles at her. Eager.
51) 28) dialog: I found something that demonstrated Fermat's Principle of Least Time. Tan shines the laser at the sanitizer and oddly, we can S THE BEAM cutting through the bottle. Ian moves the pointe he talks, demonstrating: IAN (CONT’D) (beat) Light always knows the shortest route to a point in terms of time, even if it has to change course. For a long time we thought it was cheating. Like how does it know the shortest path is this curve?
51) 30) dialog: More than that. He triggers an animation sequence of data that looks like three-dimensional network of nodes. Then one strand GLOWS inside the network, linking two disparate parts. IAN (CONT’D) It’s how they see everything. How they travel. Except the shortest path is outside space and time. With this, we could build a space ship with no rockets. We’d just-- (snaps fingers) ~-and we're there. Louise catches her breath.
51) 32) dialog: Yeah. Well... Nobel thought the same of dynamite... Nonetheless, Louise is visibly relieved. IAN (CONT’D) There’s something else. At the tail end of the code. Yellow (06/11/2015) 93A. Tan makes a few keystrokes on a monitor and brings up an image on a large flat-screen. 100 Pink (05/18/2015) 94, THE SCREEN shows a series of intertwined logograms. Like Persian rug of alien data. Ian magnifies one corner... revealing: “1 / 12" -- followed by an elegant little symbol. TAN (CONT’D) They used Arabic numerals. “One of twelve.”
51) 49) dialog: We offer our own in return. Halpern looks to Weber. Is he serious?
51) 51) dialog: So it’s a non-zero-sum game. Louise hears this and it dawns on her-- INT. LAKE HOUSE - LOUISE’S STUDY - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 101 Hannah storms down the hall. Picking up right where we le her from the previous flashback. Louise sits forward, with that same look of realization:
51) 61) dialog: Yes there is.
51) 64) dialog: It’s right over our heads. He taps a screen displaying the Shell hovering outside.
51) 67) dialog: Then at least we know.
51) 70) dialog: They aren’t the enemy, when have they made any act of aggression toward us?
51) 73) dialog: Then what is? 103 104 Al04 B1l04 Pink (05/18/2015) 99.
51) 75) dialog: I’m sure Louise would-- They all look to where Louise was standing. She’s gone now.
52) 0) text: It’s raining when Ian, Halpern, and Weber step out. Halpe is first to point out:
53) 0) text: Ian grabs a pair of binoculars from an OFFICER and looks in the direction of where the Shell had been.
57) 4) dialog: I hope you got good news, too. Captain Marks rushes to Weber:
57) 9) dialog: Whoa now. I got you. Louise looks down at her boots-- They’re covered in mud from the slog across the field--
58) 16) dialog: What was it? Louise looks into his eyes. Then pulls him in for a hug. 112
58) 20) dialog: You were married? Louise wipes her eyes and struggles to find her game face
59) 0) text: The translators, scientists, and techs are gone here. ARM SOLDIERS now populate the place, tearing down all non- essential material as fast as possible. Halpern supervise Louise rushes in and gets to a keyboard at her hutch. She calls up the heptapod data on the screens. Spreads it to every available screen. Loops and whorls of logograms, al strung together like DNA strands. Geometric formulae anim around the cursive writing. A wall of alien graffiti. Ian hurries in behind Louise.
59) 1) dialog: It's too late for this. We’ve only cracked maybe one percent of it, it'll take weeks-—- Louise puts up her hand, silencing Ian. She closes her ey INT. LAKE HOUSE - LOUISE’S STUDY - DAY (FLASHBACK) All2 Louise pulls a hardback book from a box of advance copies Its cover: “The Universal Language” by Dr. Louise Banks. INT. LAKE HOUSE - LOUISE’S STUDY - DAY (FLASHBACK) B1l12 The table of contents show twelve chapters. INT. LAKE HOUSE ~- LOUISE’S STUDY - DAY (FLASHBACK) C112 Hannah’s drawing is now framed.
60) 3) dialog: What’s happening?
61) 5) dialog: Come on! Louise whirls around to face Ian but when she does-- INT. BALLROOM — NIGHT 114 --she is dressed in a RESPLENDENT RED EVENING GOWN. Her h is done up. She looks stunning. All around her is a cocktail party in full swing. Classic music plays from a live band nearby. Louise looks around and takes in the ambiance. A dozen national FLAGS hang on the walls as a symbol of unity. On stage (currently unoccupied), that heptapod logogram for “time” is on prominent display. The crowd of PARTYGOERS is international and dressed up. One of them sets their sights on Louise and advances: A distinguished Chinese man (65) in a tailored tuxedo. She seen him before, on monitors. GENERAL SHANG.
62) 0) text: She’s right back where she was a moment ago. Ian tugs at to get into the helicopter. Louise sucks in a breath like she was just pulled from co water. The memory of the future leaves her shaking.
66) 3) dialog: Louise! What are you doing?
66) 9) dialog: You can’t stop this now.
68) 1) dialog: What did you do?
68) 3) dialog: How did you know that?
69) 0) text: Weber and Halpern enter into the Skype room followed by Louise and Ian.
70) 0) text: Louise steps out with Ian close behind.
70) 1) dialog: (amazed yet scared) Are you all right?
70) 2) text: Louise is ily overcome by the emotion of what she just experienced. She looks at Ian in an entirely new way. It’ moment where she wants to tell him everything, and doesn’ know where to start. And there’s a tsunami of joy, sorrow, pain, and hope hitt her as she realizes where she is again. 118 Yellow (06/11/2015) 114. Finally, she nods at Ian, wiping her face. Tenderly:
70) 4) dialog: I don’t say what I mean enough. And I’m changing that right now. Tan is just as tender with her. IAN (CONT’D) I’ve been tilting my head to the stars for as long as I can remember, and you know what’s surprised me the most? It’s not meeting them. It’s meeting you. That's all it takes for Louise. She puts her arms around and kisses him on the mouth. As the kiss intensifies, that high pitch returns. And whe Ian shifts from a kiss to a tight hug, when Louise hugs b INT. HANNAH’S ROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 118 Louise hugs Hannah (age 4, tucked in bed) goodnight. Loui goes to click off the light by Hannah’s bed.
70) 15) dialog: Well, I love you both. Louise looks back at-- IAN, standing in the doorway. Smiling. Ian is Louise’s husband. And Hannah's father.
73) 3) dialog: Wow. You look amazing. (re: hair) The change fits you well. 124 Al24
78) 0) text: Louise touches the glass where the question is written... “Do you want to make a baby?” IAN steps into view, with a wine glass in his hand, too.
78) 1) dialog: Well? Do you? She smiles broa