1) 1) dialog: Memory is a strange thing.
2) 0) text: A modern home built on the shore with a large deck. The skin of the lake is a cloudy mirror. LOUISE BANKS stares up at the sky, leaning against the de railing. Merlot glass in one hand. Louise has a clean, timeless look about her; the kind of woman who ages gracefully. Short hair.
2) 1) dialog: It doesn’t work like I thought it did. We are so bound by time; by its order. She steps back inside, a little tipsy, smiling.
3) 1) dialog: Maybe there’s a higher order. Mingled here are also dinner plates. Candlelight.
3) 2) dialog: Darling, is there any more wine? She pauses when a deck light winks on outside. Her eyes sparkle when she sees something: A question, written on the glass, lit from outdoors. “Do you want to make a baby?”
3) 3) dialog: I used to think this was the beginning of your story. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 2. Louise goes right to the glass, wanting to touch the ques with her finger to make sure it’s real. CLOSE ON HER FACE: From outside looking in, a curious circular shadow is thrown from the deck light. But her ey start to water. In the background, the bedroom door hangs open and the silhouette of a MAN leans against the frame, watching her Louise turns around, smiling again. We know her answer.
4) 0) text: Louise cradles a NEWBORN GIRL in her arms. Her name: HANN Hannah reaches up. Crooks her tiny hand around Louise's finger.
4) 2) dialog: Okay, come back, come back to me...
5) 1) dialog: I remember moments in the middle. She pulls both finger-guns, aimed at us.
6) 1) dialog: And this was the end. Louise holds her daughter’s hand in hers. Her thumb traces Hannah’s knuckles. A life monitor beeps as Hannah’s heart stops. Hannah’s eyes roll up and she sighs her final breath. Louise’s grip on her daughter tightens. Trembling. A Nurse starts to pull Louise away, but she hangs on-- no it’s mother trying to return to her baby girl--
6) 2) dialog: Come back-- come back to me, baby-- Louise is unaware she’s crying. Hannah remains motionless
6) 3) dialog: But now I’m not so sure I believe in beginnings and endings. There are days that define your story beyond your life. CUT TO BLACK.
6) 4) dialog: Like the day they arrived.
8) 0) text: Louise parks her car end steps out. Her hair is longer he and there’s no wedding band on her finger. She carries herself like someone who’s learned how to be alone, handling her briefcase, coffee, keys, etc. It’s oddly quiet in the garage around her. EXT. UNIVERSITY CAMPUS — DAY 10 Louise crosses campus. Absorbed in her thoughts. Overhead, a pair of F-22 fighters slice across the sky. EXT. STUDENT CENTER - MOMENTS LATER 1i Louise passes the campus center. A crowd of STUDENTS are huddled around the glass outside student center, looking in at a large TV. The crowd is to dense for Louise to see what is on the TV. Louise frowns, but keeps going. Overhead, a second pair of fighter jets rocket past. Louise looks up at the sky. Apprehensive. INT. UNIVERSITY CLASSROOM — DAY 12 Louise enters a classroom, leaving the door open behind h Out in the hall, a couple of STUDENTS run by, but it’s unclear if they’re late for class or it’s something worse Louise steps to her desk to unload her briefcase and ther The course name is written on the blackboard behind the d “Advanced Linguistics” and “Dr. Louise Banks.”
8) 1) dialog: Good morning, everyone. No response. Louise finally looks to the class to discove Only FOUR STUDENTS seated in an otherwise empty classroom LOUISE (CONT’D) Where is everyone? Pink (05/18/2015) 5. The Grad Students in the room shrug. These are the hardco learners, with their laptops out and textbooks open. The class session BELL chimes over the PA. Louise looks b at the door, silently considering something, then decides LOUISE (CONT’D) Well, let’s get started. Today we're talking about Portuguese, and why it sounds so different from the other Romance languages. Louise walks to a MAP of western Europe on a rolling ease parked next to a TV.
8) 2) dialog: The story of Portuguese begins with the Kingdom of Galicia, in the middle ages, where the language was seen as an expression of art. The way it was written and spoken was rooted in aesthetics. One Grad Student’s phone CHIMES with an alert. Louise pau thinking what the other Students are thinking--
8) 3) dialog: Any news you want to share? The Student reading his phone frowns, suddenly nervous.
8) 10) dialog: Okay, yes, let’s go. Class over. 13 14 15 Pink (05/18/2015) 7.
9) 0) text: Louise joins a FLOCK of people on campus hurrying to the parking structures. Nearly everyone keeps looking up from time to time. The SIREN is louder here. Above: Another pair of FIGHTER JETS fly overhead. EXT. UNIVERSITY PARKING STRUCTURE — DAY 14 Louise gets to her sedan, climbs inside, windows down. He satellite radio plays as she powers the car --
9) 5) dialog: (into phone) I don’t know, Mom, I’m listening to the same news coverage. (beat) Don’t-- Mom, don’t bother with that channel, how many times do I have to tell you not to pay attention to those idiots? (beat) All right then.
10) 0) text: Traversing a hallway to bedrooms. Louise pulls her shoes by the heel, switching hands with the phone as she goes.
10) 1) dialog: Do I sound worried? Exactly. Louise pauses at an open bedroom door halfway down the ha
10) 2) dialog: Me? Oh, you know. The same. There’s a tiredness in her answer. Like she’s been down t road with her mother before.
11) 0) text: An empty room, save for a couple of stray book boxes and neglected stationary bike in the corner. Louise surveys the room from the door.
11) 1) dialog: I’m fine, Mom. (not really) Okay, call me later. She disconnects the call and leans against the door frame Staring into the empty room with a quiet sadness. Finally, having come to some decision, she pushes off aga 19 Yellow (06/11/2015) 9. INT. LIVING ROOM — LATER 19 Louise, alone, on the couch. Half a bottle of wine left. The place is furnished nicely, but there are telltale sig of a single occupant in a larger space. No family photos. A recliner by the couch has become a surrogate bookshelf. TV is on. More coverage of the alien landing.
11) 7) dialog: Who are you? Yellow (06/11/2015) il. Weber has his I.D. ready; shows it to her.
11) 9) dialog: I remember. Alan Boudreau hired me.
11) 11) dialog: You made quick work of those insurgents.
11) 13) dialog: Okay...
11) 16) dialog: Is that...
11) 18) dialog: How many?
11) 20) dialog: How many of them were speaking? Weber raises an eyebrow at her but answers.
11) 22) dialog: Are you sure? Do they have mouths?
11) 24) dialog: I don’t know.
11) 26) dialog: I can tell you it’s impossible to translate this from an audio file. To do this right, I need to be there. Interacting with them. Weber bristles at this.
11) 28) dialog: It was Burushaski, not Farsi, and I didn’t need it because I already knew the language. This-- (points at recorder) This is a whole new ball game.
11) 30) dialog: Tell me what I’m doing.
11) 32) dialog: I’m just telling you what it will take to do this job.
11) 34) dialog: No. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 14.
11) 36) dialog: It won't work that way.
11) 38) dialog: Have they spoken to us in English?
11) 40) dialog: Have they played back any of our media, or given you any indication they understand us? Weber doesn’t have a reply for this. His eyes shift. LOUISE (CONT’D) So in order for this to work, I might have to teach them English. The basics. Nouns, verbs. I can’t do that remotely. I have to be in the room with them. Weber and Louise stare down.
11) 42) dialog: Colonel... You mentioned Berkeley. You going to ask Danvers next? Weber pauses at the door.
11) 44) dialog: Before you commit to him, ask him the Sanskrit word for “war” and its translation. 25 26 Pink (05/18/2015) 15. She grins at him. Weber exits. After he leaves, her grin fades. INT. LOUISE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 25 Louise is asleep in her bed. Again with the formation of pillows around her. She wakes to a rhythmic thumping. Low; dull. Her hand goe her heart. It’s not her heart. From her bedroom window: A distant flying object vaguely a helicopter. One thing is clear: it’s on fast approach. As it gets closer, treetops bend and leaves scatter. INT. LOUISE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 26 Dressed in a bathrobe, Louise crosses to the front window looking out on her wide, flat front yard. SPOTLIGHTS shine into her house, STROBES pop. We are so u to how a helicopter sounds, but this is different. The en noises, the rotors -- it’s more muscular; threatening. The lights finally dim to reveal: A Sikorsky UH-60 Blackh has touched down on the lawn. The passenger door is open, slid back to reveal someone riding in the rear compartmen Her doorbell rings. Louise answers it. Weber stands at the door, now in military uniform.
11) 46) dialog: Colonel?
11) 48) dialog: That's the word. But what did Danvers say it means in Sanskrit?
11) 50) dialog: “BR desire for more cows.” 27
12) 0) text: Louise drops into a bench seat still holding her bag. As she buckles in:
12) 2) dialog: Pardon?
12) 5) dialog: That’s quite a greeting.
12) 7) dialog: It’s the kind of thing you write as a preface. Dazzle them with basics.
12) 9) dialog: Wrong?
12) 12) dialog: The shell?
12) 17) dialog: How about we just talk to them first? Before we start throwing math problems at them.
14) 0) text: LOUISE'S POV: The alien ship towers over the field. It se impossibly balanced, as if it could tip over and crush everyone at any time. A mile away, a series of tents have been erected. Up clos the ship looks majestic; ominous.
15) 0) text: Louise and Ian stare out the side window at the ship.
15) 2) dialog: How many of us are here?
15) 4) dialog: A team? What kind of team?
15) 6) dialog: (sotto, to Tan) When’s the next meeting? Ian shrugs -- he just got here. He’s busy making a SKETCH the ship in his notebook. His notebook is a tiny library all his thoughts and ideas. Weber hangs up.
16) 0) text: Colonel Weber, Ian, and Louise are escorted out of the helicopter and into base camp. The camp is divided into t clusters of tents/buildings: OPERATIONS and SCIENCE. CAPTAIN MARKS (barely 30, disciplined; a man of rules) me Weber and updates him as they walk:
17) 0) text: Captain Marks leads them to a large tent. Louise looks back at the ship for a moment. Nervous. Behind her, Ian looks back at it too. Curious.
18) 2) dialog: Last night.
18) 6) dialog: Who was being carted off on the medevac?
19) 0) text: Ian and Louise enter this tent that serves as the nerve center of base camp. The room is fitted with dozens of flatscreens, each one monitoring activity of a landing si in some other part of the world.
19) 17) dialog: What have you figured out?
20) 0) text: On the other side of basecamp: Communications. Weber pull back the flap and Louise enters, Ian trailing behind her. Inside: A dozen MEN AND WOMEN work at computer stations w large monitors and at an oversized white board. The monit all display the same kind of data: audio recordings, visu bouncing and fluctuating as the alien VOICES speak. Some of the members approach to shake Louise’s hand, and LIB their greetings before returning to analysis work. A few of them remain at their stations, headphones on.
20) 2) dialog: Why not send them in?
20) 4) text: Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 24. Full HAZMAT suits hang on a wall. Captain Marks brings Ian and Louise in. They each have co swabs taped to their elbows now.
20) 8) dialog: Is there physical contact with the, the-- am I the only one who has trouble saying “aliens”?
20) 12) dialog: It’s just hovering...
21) 1) dialog: Is this how it always goes?
21) 5) dialog: This. I don’t. I don’t know if.
22) 0) text: The chamber has no hard corners or edges. Vaguely rectangular. The room is bisected by a semi-transparent wall. The wall be seen through, but it renders the other side milky and foggy-- it’s uncertain if the atmosphere on that side is sort of gas, or if the barrier just makes it seem so. The TECHS with Weber and Marks quickly set up an arsenal video, audio, and other recording equipment to face this glass-like partition. Chemical sniffers. IR and UV camera Barometers. And most disturbingly, an old-tech detection among the high-tech: A CANARY IN A CAGE. On the other side, the room seems empty. Louise and Ian are speechless. Their breathing is loud in their ears. Colonel Weber steps up to them.
22) 1) dialog: What happens now? Yellow (06/11/2015) 28.
22) 3) dialog: And you’ve always worn this gear?
22) 5) dialog: So they haven’t really seen what we look like.
22) 7) dialog: Context. Comparative data streams on the Techs’ small monitors. Th speak quietly into their headset mics behind the group:
22) 14) dialog: Hello. Beat. No reaction. The vague alien forms stand and wait. are a good head taller than Louise. She clears her throat. Still on the verge of an overload shock and stress. LOUISE (CONT’D) Hello. The blurry shapes seem to undulate, but it’s unclear if t are moving or if there is some distortion in the partitio between their space and Louise’s. Louise gestures at them, looking for some possible gestur response: LOUISE (CONT’D) Hello. Can you hear me? (then) Can you hear-— She’s interrupted by a sudden LOW NOISE from the other si Followed by a strange endcap: Flutter-tone. Tan and Louise both jump at the sounds, startled. Yellow (06/11/2015) 30. LOUISE (CONT’D) (to Weber) Is this what they do?
22) 16) dialog: I don’t know. The alien forms wait. Two “arms” on one of them flex and relax again, seemingly random.
22) 17) dialog: If we can just... establish a common form of communication, maybe speech isn’t the-- She gestures at them again. No reaction.
22) 20) dialog: Tan... Ian faces her, his hair wild and his eyes wilder.
22) 22) dialog: So. Am I fired? Weber sits down opposite Louise.
22) 24) dialog: That doesn’t make me feel better.
22) 26) dialog: What happens then?
24) 0) text: Louise emerges in her HAZ-MAT suit, cradling the whiteboa and a dry-erase marker.
24) 2) dialog: A visual aid.
24) 4) dialog: I’m never going to be able to speak their words, if they are talking, but they might have some form of written language. Or a basis for visual communication.
24) 6) dialog: Human. She points to herself. Then to others on her side of the room, including Weber. LOUISE (CONT’D) Human. She points at one of the aliens. Yellow (06/11/2015) 34.
24) 7) dialog: What are you? Beat. The aliens seem unresponsive, until... They both RETREAT from the screen, deeper into the mist o their side of the room. For a moment, all is quiet. Louise looks to Ian, Ian look the Colonel. CLOSE ON A NEEDLE-GAUGE: Dead, registering no frequencies And then it SPIKES to the other side -- Before anyone can speak, THE CANARY SQUAWKS in its cage. Its wings flutter frantically. INK GLOBULES float from the mist. Like oil in glycerine. Thousands of drops; horizontal black rain, but intelligen They all start to form something against the partition: A brilliant LOGOGRAM. An inkblot coffee-cup stain with mesmerizing fractal embellishments. The taller, slimmer alien steps forward and says somethin Click-flutter-tone. Louise smiles. Nearly laughs. Wants to cry. She just had her first real exchange with an alien. LOUISE (CONT’D) (sotto) Are you getting this? Ian has taken control of a static video camera and holds at an angle that better captures the detail on the barrie
24) 9) dialog: Whoa whoa, too fast, fellas. She lifts her marker to make a note. For the first time, hand isn’t trembling. 47 Pink (05/18/2015) 35. INT. “CLEAN ROOM” - NIGHT 47 Louise drops the whiteboard by the door. She doesn’t get more than her helmet/mask off before Colo Weber steps in and confronts her.
24) 11) dialog: It means if I play my cards right, they’ll take some Shakespeare home with them.
24) 13) dialog: Wrong. It’s faster. Louise starts marching past him. Weber keeps up with her.
24) 15) dialog: It’s the only way this will work.
24) 17) dialog: Kangaroo.
24) 19) dialog: In 1770, Captain James Cook’s ship ran aground on the coast of Australia. He led a party into the country and met the aboriginal people. (MORE)
24) 21) dialog: One of his sailors pointed to the animals that hopped around with their young in pouches, and asked what they were called. The aborigine replied “Kanguru.”
24) 23) dialog: It wasn’t until later that they learned “Kanguru” means “I don’t understand.” (re: whiteboard) I need this to make sure we don’t misinterpret in there. Otherwise this will take ten times as long. Time wasted is the key phrase to convince Weber.
24) 26) dialog: No. But it made my point. Louise starts walking out the clean room, leaving Ian to shake his head in admiration.
25) 0) text: The team of NSA cryptographers works diligently on one th That alien logogram. As if it were the codes from an Enig machine and the key to winning a war. Louise steps in, se the frenetic action, and backs out. 4g Pink (05/18/2015) 36A.
27) 0) text: Four-year-old HANNAH giggles as she runs from us-- INT. SCIENCE TENT - LOUISE’S DESK - BACK TO SCENE 52 Louise sits up at her desk as if yanked from the memory. She takes a breath, rubs her forehead, confused by that little moment. She stares at the logogram on her desk.
29) 0) text: Louise enters the tent to find Ian and Weber already here with other team members. Tan has a sketchbook, he’s busy with an art pencil, liste and nodding to the British Scientist on his monitor.
29) 5) dialog: We can’t get them to stand down?
29) 9) dialog: I do.
29) 11) dialog: It’s so I can learn their names. If they have names. And so I can introduce pronouns later.
29) 13) dialog: Do you know what a Pulaski is? Yellow (06/11/2015) 41.
29) 15) dialog: It's a tool. Used by firefighters. We can’t start specific. Weber makes a noncommittal noise and reviews the words. Ian reveals to Louise his sketch of an ALIEN.
29) 18) dialog: Okay, so this is where we want to get. Right? This question. (off Weber’s nod) To get there, we have to make sure they understand what a question is, and the nature of a request for information along with the response. Then there is clarifying the difference between a specific “you” from a collective “you.” We don’t want to know why Joe Alien is here, we want to know why all of them landed. 57 58 Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 42. She writes frantically over the words in columns, marking relations with arrows. As she speaks, her voice gets loud and more confident. This is her area of expertise. LOUISE (CONT’D) Purpose requires an understanding of intent. Which means we have to find out if they make conscious choices or if their motivation is so instinctive they don’t understand a “why” question, and biggest of all, we need to have enough of a vocabulary with them so we understand their answer. Colonel Weber nods and surrenders to her. Behind Weber, I grins devilishly at Louise, even winks at her.
29) 20) dialog: Louise. The whiteboard displays her name in large letters. Beat. One heptapod speaks. Whisper-—flutter-click. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 43. Inky drops float to the glass and a beautiful LOGOGRAM fo
29) 22) dialog: No. That’s the symbol for “human” again. But with a little curl at the end of that leg. Probably to indicate a question.
29) 24) dialog: You know what-- I can’t do it like this. I just-- Louise looks over at something behind the Environmental Techs: THE CANARY. The little bird flaps its wings and crooks its head at he It’s alive and well. Louise makes a decision. She takes her HAZMAT mask off.
29) 27) dialog: They need to see me. Louise shirks out of the rest of her suit. She’s wearing civilian clothes underneath. She takes a breath. It doesn’t kill her. Louise moves a s toward the glass barrier... The heptapods advance closer to the barrier. Curious. For first time, we can see a bit more detail; more focus. Their skin is more mottled than a uniform color. Their to move slightly, not from breath but as a jellyfish. And th tips of one heptapod’s “feet” are dark with ink. Everyone holds their breath a beat. Slowly, Louise puts a hand on her heart and repeats: Green (07/09/2015) 44. LOUISE (CONT’D) My name is Louise. She takes the whiteboard and writes furiously. Flips it around and shows: She’s drawn their symbol for “human” next to the English word “HUMAN” and then a great than symbol leading to her name. The two heptapods are unresponsive.
29) 28) dialog: Ian, introduce yourself. Ian noisily shirks off his HAZMAT suit. Louise looks on. Weber gets more uneasy by the minute.
29) 31) dialog: They have names.
29) 33) dialog: Slim and Stout?
29) 35) dialog: (grins) I like it. Cautious, yet mystified, Louise takes another bold action She steps for the boundary. The light from that mist on t other side of the glass illuminates her face, showing her wonderment. Green (07/09/2015) 45. LOUISE (CONT’D) (quieter) You have names... You're individuals. Aren’t you. Tan and Captain Marks watch. Marks doesn’t like it.
29) 37) dialog: Now that’s a proper introduction.
30) 10) dialog: Session three. We're into verbs. Slow and steady wins this race.
32) 0) text: Louise debates some element of a logogram with members of cryptography team in their tent, pointing at a magnified piece of one circular symbol.
32) 1) dialog: Session eight was a failure. But it’s clear their logograms are made of twelve compartments. INT. INTERVIEW CHAMBER — DAY E58 Louise works with a spectrograph as Ian charts a basic geometric curve. The heptapods are unresponsive in their misty chamber.
32) 3) dialog: Session fifteen. Back on track. She smirks at a frustrated Ian. Their attention is drawn
32) 6) dialog: No way. Ian leans over, takes the card and nods at Weber--
32) 8) dialog: It’s dangerous. We could come across as hostile.
32) 10) dialog: What the hell was that?
32) 12) dialog: So you have them all figured out? Ian smiles sweetly at her. He’s not fighting with her.
32) 14) dialog: There’s your word, Colonel.
32) 16) dialog: Hold on. We need to distinguish a weapon from other devices or else they’1l think everything is a weapon. Costello whisper-clicks at Abbott, then turns to leave. A doorway irises open on the far wall. Abbott wipes the podium and the logogram vanishes. The tw aliens begin to glide away from their stations-- Louise realizes they are leaving and calls out--
32) 17) dialog: Wait. Wait! She steps to the boundary and puts her hand on it.
32) 18) dialog: Why are you here? Abbott crooks his head. Louise, desperate, looks back at the printer attached to still camera capturing everything written by the heptapod She riffles through the pages, looking for the words.
32) 20) dialog: Hold these up. 62 Yellow (06/11/2015) 49. Abbott looks back at the door where Costello left. Then a Louise and Ian. Louise finishes drawing. Shows the board to Abbott. Puts against the boundary. She’s attempted freehand drawing th gorgeous logograms, and she’s actually done a great job. It’s not quite the phrasing; she hasn’t taught them “why” instead uses “heptapods purpose Earth” with a curl on the logogram for Earth. Abbott stares a beat. And writes on the podium. As the logogram glows on the divider, Louise steps back i shock. She’s translated it already.
32) 22) dialog: “Offer weapon.” The phrase sends a tense hush through the team. The unidentifiable light source in the interview chamber and the transparent wall clouds until it’s fully opaque. Louise, Ian, Captain Marks, and the other in-room Techs f each other as if they've just learned a terrible secret.
33) 4) dialog: We don’t know if they understand the difference between a weapon and a tool. Our language, like our culture, is messy. In many cases one thing can be both.
33) 8) dialog: I go back in there. In thirteen hours, we go in and clear this up.
33) 10) dialog: How is that complicated?
33) 12) dialog: We're on good terms with Shang.
33) 14) dialog: How is that relevant to this? A LIEUTENANT enters to address Weber:
33) 17) dialog: There’s no evidence of that.
33) 19) dialog: That was my doing. I taught them that. So, if we just go back in tonight, go in and, and-- Frenzied activity at the monitoring station draws their attention in time to see: AN EXPLOSION at one landing site, the plume of the firecl lighting up the urban-located Shell-~- Pink (05/18/2015) 52. Communications Team Members stand up now, talking into th headsets in four different languages-—- ON THE CHINESE VIDEO STREAM, a Scientist is forcibly pull away by a Chinese Intelligence Officer who yanks at a cab and then the video feed BLACKS OUT. A moment later, a panicked Russian Officer does the same their feed. Two more black screens. Siberia and Black Sea Weber gets off the phone, focused on the feeds.
33) 26) dialog: Listen, we got a message from the heptapods, “offer weapon--” 63 Pink (05/18/2015) 53. But as she says “offer” the U.S. SCREEN BLACKS OUT, leavi the other countries hanging.
33) 28) dialog: Dammit, Halpern! We should be talking to each other.
34) 0) text: Louise and Hannah (age 8) sit on the picnic blanket, unde the shade of a stately oak tree. They share a story book. Hannah points at a page.
34) 1) dialog: “Planet.” Like Earth is a planet.
34) 3) dialog: How many words are you trying to learn today?
34) 5) dialog: All right little-nose, whatcha got? Hannah digs into her backpack and pulls out a sketch.
34) 7) dialog: What is this place? THE DRAWING depicts a Man and Woman (stick-figures) holdi up a really fat bird-like shape.
34) 9) dialog: Who are these two people?
34) 11) dialog: Well. That sounds lovely. (beat) You know, it’s okay to be upset that your daddy and I... Little Hannah breathes through her nose.
34) 13) dialog: We both love you, very much.
34) 16) dialog: I... Yeah, fine. She bends over and takes a moment to refocus. When she st upright she faces a suspicious Weber, who’s come over.
34) 25) dialog: Overworked. Kettler tries to be casual but comes off awkward:
34) 27) dialog: Probably just lack of sleep. Kettler readies a syringe.
35) 0) text: Armed SOLDIERS are stationed at regular intervals around tight perimeter. Disturbing, as the base camp previously not seem military-led. Their presence is slowly increasin Private Lasky stands guard, and looks back at the mammoth Shell above him. He’s joined by Private COMBS, who gives ship a similar look of aggression. They notice each other glaring at the ship, and share a wordless nod of solidari Two soldiers who both spotted the enemy. EXT. HILLSIDE NEAR BASE CAMP — DUSK 68 Ian sits atop a sleeping bag, staring out at the massive with a look just the opposite of Lasky’s glare. He has a sketchbook open, filled with mechanical drawings advanced equations, and notes to himself. Louise ascends the hill toward him.
35) 1) dialog: Weber is looking for you. Ian smiles at her.
35) 5) dialog: There’s precedent.
36) 0) text: Louise with Hannah at a RANCH with a horse. The horse's nostrils flaring, standing eighteen hands tall, a giganti creature to the scared little 8-year-old Hannah. But Louise puts her hands on the horse. Speaks to it.
36) 1) dialog: Shh, shh. It’s okay-- The horse’s ears spin like radar dishes-- EXT. HILLSIDE NEAR BASE CAMP — BACK TO SCENE B68 Back with Ian and Louise on the hill. Goldenrod (08/03/2015) 59.
36) 3) dialog: I‘ll take that as a compliment.
36) 5) dialog: My father worked for a big energy company. They’d relocate him every year to some new country, and I went with him. He used to say learning all those foreign tongues would make me the center of every party. But you know what people say when you're sixteen and fluent in seven languages? “You're smart.”
36) 11) dialog: “To boldly go...”
36) 13) dialog: Because you might finally get to explore the galaxy?
36) 15) dialog: I feel like everything here comes down to the two of us.
36) 17) dialog: Promise me. We’ll do this together? Ian's smile falters, as he recalls his talk with Weber.
36) 22) dialog: But they were fine at the end of it, weren't they?
36) 26) dialog: (to Ian) They’re already here. Captain Marks stands at the back. Watchful.
36) 29) text: Are you offering us something? She holds up the whiteboard again. Another quiet conference between Abbott and Costello. More ink floats to the barrier to form a complex LOGOGRAM followed by the translation in subtitles. “MUST LEARN MORE FROM IAN LOUISE”
36) 31) dialog: Let’s fix that. Captain Marks checks the flatscreen monitors and tablet interfaces behind them -- one for Louise, one for Ian.
37) 0) text: The sentence on Louise’s flatscreen reads: “Ian gives Lou an apple because tomorrow she will be hungry.” On the monitor behind her: the library is FULL of logogra Abbott replies. The written logogram is displayed: A gorg interwoven circle of loops, whorls, and splotches.
37) 2) dialog: I think it’s what we wrote. (pointing) Look. This is the word for “apple” but it’s conjoined with their names... I can’t tell where it starts or ends.
37) 4) dialog: How do you begin to craft a complex statement like this? The relation each symbol has to another... (then) You know what? We’ve never seen them write. Only the result. Let’s see them in the act of writing. Louise returns to the tablet. Erases the sentence on her screen. And then, instead of preparing words and displayi the result, she triggers the “live sketching” option that shows her writing the letters and words in real-time. She writes the sentence: “Louise writes so heptapods can her writing.” Abbott and Costello crook their heads. Then Abbott approaches the transparent boundary, which becomes clearer than ever before. Captain Marks notices. Tenses.
37) 6) dialog: Oh my god. Nonlinear orthography. Ian catches up to what she’s saying.
37) 9) dialog: Imagine trying to write a long sentence with two hands, starting at either end. To do that, you'd have to know every single word you’re going to write, and the space all of it occupies. Ian struggles to find reference to her logogram.
37) 11) dialog: I asked about predictability. If “before” and “after” mean anything to them. Or if they don’t know what that means. Ian shuffles through notes on his tablet.
37) 15) dialog: Give weapon now? Abbott draws a simple logogram. The translation: “SOLVE” LOUISE (CONT’D) Solve what? Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 66. The transparent boundary clears itself of all its writing Abbott then draws two lines that meet in the middle to fo one long, contiguous line. Abbott gestures at the timeline and speaks: Click-click. LOUISE (CONT’D) That’s their spoken word for time.
37) 17) dialog: I remember how it sounds. Then, Abbott draws a logogram on the far end of the line. Louise translates: LOUISE (CONT’D) Humanity. That’s us.
37) 19) dialog: At the end of our timeline. The logogram from earlier forms again: “SOLVE.”
38) 0) text: Louise and Ian leave the trucks for the science tent, escorted by men on either side. Weber walks with them. Lo looks pale and slightly ill.
39) 0) text: The moonlit lake on the other side of a bedroom window. INT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY (FLASHBACK) c74 Four-year-old Hannah's feet curl, inside pajama footies. EXT. BASE CAMP —- BACK TO SCENE 75 Louise stands upright again. Takes a breath, a little unnerved. And continues on to the cluster of tents, alone One soldier has remained behind as escort. Watching her w a growing suspicion. Private Lasky. With his rifle.
40) 0) text: Louise sits alone, rubbing her temples. Her plate: untouc Ian enters, looking worse for wear. He grabs a pre-made m and joins Louise at her table. His eyes are bloodshot.
40) 1) dialog: Didn’t expect to see you out.
40) 3) dialog: How goes the riddle? Tan grabs Yellow (06/11/2015) 68.
40) 5) dialog: Why do you go there? a salt shaker from the end of the table.
40) 8) dialog: The end?
40) 10) dialog: How can you be so sure?
40) 12) dialog: Maybe it doesn’t happen this time. They’re warning us. We’re running out of time.
40) 14) dialog: Weber? The CIA guy is who worries me. Halpern. Louise suddenly winces and rubs her temples.
40) 16) dialog: Headaches. (beat) My brain is scrambled.
40) 18) dialog: (distant) Yeah...
40) 21) dialog: I’m sorry, I just... I’m feeling raw and unstable and... Colonel Weber enters the mess tent and sets his sights on Ian. Calls out from the door:
41) 0) text: Louise stares at a shelf full of Hannah’s awards. Photos Hannah in sports, at band concerts, in a theme park.
42) 0) text: Louise is bent over in her bathroom, ill.
43) 0) text: Louise is bent over a trash can as if she just vomited. S coughs, looks around like she’s lost. She notices tears in her eyes. Wipes them. It disturbs her. She fights back the intense emotional im of these memories. It takes a few breaths for her to compose herself.
44) 0) text: Louise wakes suddenly in bed. She’s fallen asleep atop th covers, still in her clothes. Clutching a pillow as if it were a child. The loud KNOCKING comes again. And she gets up.
45) 0) text: Louise opens the door to find Weber and Ian standing outs their breath pluming in the cold air.
45) 3) dialog: I just need sleep. I’m fine.
45) 5) dialog: I don’t-- what, what happened? Yellow (06/11/2015) 72.
45) 7) dialog: What? What words?
45) 9) dialog: Show me. I’1l tell you what I wrote.
45) 12) dialog: The Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, yes. The theory that the language you speak determines how you think.
45) 14) dialog: What does that...? I’ve had a few dreams. That doesn’t make me unfit for the job. Weber shows her a paper document signed at the bottom.
45) 16) dialog: That’s just a prescription for my headaches, Kettler-- Then she notices something. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 73. THE SIGNATURE FORM, revealing Louise has signed her name circle. Like a cursive logogram.
45) 18) dialog: Well. I. I mean...
45) 20) dialog: What? Louise focuses on Ian now, her eyes pleading. Ian sees her, this woman on verge of a breakdown, suddenl quite fragile. It pains him, but he believes it--
45) 22) dialog: Tan. Come on. Wait, just--
45) 24) dialog: I need to be in there. This is all I do. Take it away and I’m just a, what, a prisoner.
45) 26) dialog: (snaps at Ian) Shut up! (to Weber) This won’t work without me. I’m the only one they really talk to. 82 83 84 Pink (05/18/2015) 74,
45) 29) dialog: What. 85 86 Goldenrod (08/03/2015) 75.
45) 31) dialog: A little.
45) 33) dialog: You're putting me back in?
46) 0) text: The two push through the tent flap, and Louise is startle EVERY SINGLE TV SCREEN is filled with footage of violence Gunfire at the grounds of another alien site. Riots at another. Naval maneuvers on the Indian Ocean. Weber hands Louise a set of headphones, and replays a vid ON SCREEN: Spy footage of two CHINESE MEN meeting at a ca not unlike the Montana site. Muddled voices in Mandarin. Louise translates:
46) 1) dialog: He’s saying each of the twelve is offering advanced technology. (beat) Spies report India and Sudan have already received theirs. Like sets. (MORE)
46) 3) dialog: Sets? I don’t know what he means-—- (beat) Something about an advantage. With suits, honor, and flowers? The clip ends abruptly. Weber takes the headphones back.
46) 5) dialog: Following suit... (realizing) Suits, honor, and flowers. Colonel, those are tile sets in Mahjong. Oh god, have they been using a game to converse with their heptapods?
46) 7) dialog: Say I taught them chess instead of English. Every conversation is a game, every idea expressed through opposition-- victory and defeat. You see the problem? If all I ever give you is a hammer... Weber looks back at the monitors, suddenly getting it.
47) 0) text: Louise enters, distraught. Goes to her desk. ANGLE ON IAN, engrossed in his study of previous sessions until he hears Louise gathering papers at her desk. Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 77. He sees her through the timeline screen bisecting their workspace. It’s like the glass barrier in the chamber. After a beat, he decides to approach her.
47) 2) dialog: Hey.
47) 4) dialog: Why do you want to know?
47) 6) dialog: Oh, so I should see things from your perspective, but did you ever see it from mine? Just once? (re: Timeline) You got the symbol for ‘humanity’ wrong. Doesn’t that say it all. She walks around to the other side of the screen and make adjustments by touch. Ian watches from Louise’s desk on the other side... and h nearly gasps in surprise. From his POV, the timeline is reversed. And the logogram means ‘humanity’ now looks the same from either side.
47) 8) dialog: It is? Oh-- You’re right. He marvels at this mirror image of the timeline problem. 87 Blue Draft (05/06/2015)
47) 12) dialog: How does that help us? Ian frowns, thinking... then, in a sudden Eureka moment, gets it. Claps his hands--
47) 14) dialog: Ian? Ian, wait—- EXT. BASE CAMP — CONTINUOUS 87 Louise trails after Ian, who’s headed right for the picku
47) 15) dialog: What choice?
48) 0) text: Louise and Ian arrive to find Abbott already here, advanc for the glass barrier. Abbott’s movement suggests an urge
48) 1) dialog: Abbott? Pink (05/18/2015) T9A. The timeline draws itself on the glass. And beneath it a symbol appears. Louise points to it: LOUISE (CONT’D) “Solve.” It’s all on you now.
48) 3) dialog: Wait, what just-- Abbott writes on the barrier. Adding to the previous: LOUISE (CONT’D) “Solve here.” He wants me to write on the glass.
48) 5) dialog: It’s a complicated sentence. I’m trying to figure it out. Louise approaches the boundary, opposite Abbott. The wall becomes more and more transparent, revealing Abb more intimately than ever before. The alien gestures at her. Louise tentatively puts up two hands, then lowers one.
48) 7) dialog: I can’t. I can’t draw both ends at the same time. She holds her right hand up against the glass. It reacts forming ink on Abbott’s side. As she does, Abbott holds up one hand against the glass o his end, to the left of her position.
48) 11) dialog: He's being my other arm. He’s finishing my sentence. The two co-authors finish simultaneously, connecting the of their logograms into a circle. REVEAL an angle showing Abbott's hand perfectly aligned w Louise’s, only the transparent wall between them.
49) 0) text: Louise snaps out of that quick vision. She takes a step b
49) 1) dialog: That’s... That’s it. Looking at it head-on, the logogram is complete. Then: A tapestry of heptapod logograms begin flowing acro the entire transparent wall, like wallpaper patterns. They appear with dozens of GEOMETRIC EQUATIONS. Circles. Angular shapes. Equations in heptapod with Arabic numeral around them like liner notes. A waterfall of data. It pou down the screen. PRESSING IN on Ian, who smiles broadly.
49) 5) dialog: Those are our names... (translating) Must leave? (to Abbott) You're asking us to go? She gets close now-- Ian approaches a DUFFEL BAG toppled by the glass barrier the floor, getting closer to the sound-~ Pulling it away to reveal: A_set of wired C4 CHARGES stuc against the glass--
49) 7) text: 90 Pink (05/18/2015) 81-82. BLACK. NO SOUND. A beat. Then: INT. LAKE HOUSE - HANNAH’S ROOM - MORNING (FLASHBACK) B89 Louise and 4-year-old Hannah are on the bed. Louise has fallen asleep with a storybook on her lap. Hannah leans i and WHISPERS into Louise’s ear-- Louise’s eyes SNAP OPEN--
50) 0) text: TIGHT on Louise waking with a start. A bandage has been taped to her forehead. She sits up, and instantly regrets it. Her head hurts. Kettler approaches.
50) 2) dialog: Tan... Is he--
50) 4) dialog: How long was I out?
50) 6) dialog: Who...?
50) 8) dialog: We don’t need help from another race to do that. (MORE)
50) 10) dialog: (then) What happened to them? The soldiers.
50) 12) dialog: What’s going on now?
50) 14) dialog: Where is Ian?
50) 25) dialog: We are not leaving.
50) 27) dialog: (rolling through it) We need to get back in there, talk to them, explain what happened, it wasn’t our fault——
50) 29) dialog: We have to.
50) 31) dialog: That’s the wrong move. As long as they stay, we have to stay. We have to keep talking. A low, STRANGE TONE reverberates through the tent. This one is not the tone they’ve heard before. And it’s accompanied by a RUMBLE. EXT. SCIENCE TENT — DAY 95 Louise, Ian and Weber emerge from the tent to see: 96 97 Yellow (06/11/2015) 90. The Shell lifts higher into the sky. It rises, vibrating everyone’s rib cages, the air beneath undulating as if reflected on water. Then, several hundred feet up... it stops. And hovers. Parked there. Staring down.
50) 32) dialog: Well. They’re not leaving.
51) 0) text: Close in: the data playing out on a large flatscreen. The twelve landing site MONITORS are all black. Ian and Louise sit together, down from their early high o receiving the gift. Now they face a mountain of material.
51) 2) dialog: We’ve only been at this an hour.
51) 4) dialog: I recognize maybe one in every twenty logograms. It will take some time to unpack the rest.
51) 6) dialog: It can’t be random.
51) 11) dialog: Sweetie.
51) 13) dialog: A compromise?
51) 15) dialog: You remember what it sounds like? Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 92.
51) 17) dialog: Like a win-win?
51) 19) dialog: You want science, call your father. Louise returns to her papers. Hannah frowns.
51) 21) dialog: Hannah, that’s not fair.
51) 25) dialog: No. I’m up. (then) What time is it?
51) 27) dialog: You cracked something. Didn’t you. Yellow (06/11/2015) 93. Ian nods. He grabs a bottle of HAND SANITIZER stowed atop comms shelf and his pen-sized laser pointer.
51) 29) dialog: The heptapods know?
51) 31) dialog: It's not a weapon.
51) 33) dialog: (a-ha moment) Do you know what this means? INT. OPERATIONS TENT - “WAR ROOM” — DAY 100 Connected to the Operations tent, but made private, walle off from the screens and the noise. Mainly it’s just a conference table, some comms gear, and a world map. Louise, flanked by Ian, confronts Colonel Weber at the conference table with Agent Halpern. She holds up the printout.
51) 34) dialog: This is just one piece of it. What they're telling us, right here, is that ours is one of twelve. We’re part of a larger whole.
51) 36) dialog: (to Weber) Why do I have to talk to him?
51) 38) dialog: (to Halpern) We need to talk to the other sites and help them with whatever they've gotten from the other heptapods.
51) 40) dialog: This is telling us the pieces go together.
51) 43) dialog: Well, I mean, there are ways to interpret what he said...
51) 45) dialog: “Many become one” could just be their way of saying “some assembly required...” 101 Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 96.
51) 47) dialog: What better way to force us all to work together, for once? Halpern looks to the other people in the room. Weber stud him carefully. Ian nods, in support of Louise.
51) 52) dialog: A non-zero-sum game! Hannah stops. Turns back around.
51) 55) dialog: I’m-- I’m sorry?
51) 57) dialog: Family. Weber is surprised and confused by this answer. They’re interrupted by Halpern, who steps up with:
51) 59) dialog: There's gotta be some way to get a message to them.
53) 1) text: Through magnification he sees the cylinder descend... And where it lands is close to where LOUISE now waits for Both of them are tiny, almost silhouettes at this range. But it looks like Louise has a breathing mask in her hand
55) 0) text: Louise can feel the acceleration in her stomach, and in t pitch of the low tone reverberating inside. She looks around for anything else in the chamber with he No windows. No views outside. Outside the walls of the chamber, another metallic ROAR. Followed by a distant HIGH PITCH. Louise waits for a portal to open. None do. She’s trapped inside this space.
55) 1) dialog: «.-Hello? At her feet, light sets the floor aglow. And then a luminous GAS seeps in and begins to rise aroun her. Filling the cylinder.
55) 2) dialog: Oh god-- oh god oh god-- Louise puts on the oxygen mask as the barrier rises up to shoulders, then her neck and finally up over her head-- UNDERNEATH, the world is bright and mostly clear, and yet Louise’s hair drifts up around her face as if she were underwater. Louise breathes through the mask. Looks aroun A portal opens up opposite her. Light shines on her face. INT. “THE SHELL” - CONTINUOUS 108 Louise steps out to a dimensionless sea of bright mist. Yellow (06/11/2015) 101. No walls or ceiling. She looks up to see what might be a heptapod drifting int the white void far above her. Her breath is shallow. She is in a truly alien place now. There is no reference for this experience. Something dark and enormous “swims” through the mist, pas by her, always just far enough to make it impossible to s clearly -- it could be a swarm of small things, or someth the size of a blue whale. And then a heptapod approaches from behind her. Louise sp around in time to see it as its seven limbs advance to he Beat. She finally controls her breathing.
55) 3) dialog: Costello? Costello stands with limbs poised before her... Then the mist clears a bit, revealing more of his heptapo body. The limbs and torso? What seemed to be the entire f of the alien? Not so. It is more like the fingers and han a much larger being. Costello towers over her. She looks up, in awe. And then it writes on the invisible floor beneath them. W two fingers. Ink sluicing out from them into a logogram. SUBTITLES: “Louise.” Louise takes a breath. LOUISE (CONT’D) Where is Abbott? Costello moves the ink around with one appendage and a ne logogram forms. SUBTITLES: “Abbott is dead.” Louise holds her stomach, she’s hit so hard by this. LOUISE (CONT’D) I’m sorry. We are sorry. The logogram ink shifts again. Louise looks down to read SUBTITLES: “Abbott chooses to save Louise and Ian.” Yellow (06/11/2015) 101A. Another ink-shift for a second logogram: SUBTITLES: “Louise has question?” Louise remembers her mission. Her reason for making the t LOUISE (CONT’D) I need... need you to send a message. To the other sites. Costello replies by modifying the first logogram. SUBTITLES: “Message here. Louise has weapon.” LOUISE (CONT’D) That’s just it, I-- (directly) What is your purpose here? Blue Draft (05/06/2015) 102. Costello stares down at her. Inky globules drift in from the mist, showering not rando but into patterns. Circles. A hundred logograms. A thousa Click-click, flutter-whisper-tone. SUBTITLES: “The story our people. A span of two point nine billion years.” Louise marvels at it. A chain of them light up at her feet, shifting for her to see. Louise reads it aloud:
55) 4) dialog: “Three thousand years from this point, humanity helps us. We help humanity now. Returning the favor.” (to Costello) You know both your past and your future... How? A podium screen rises between Louise and Costello. The timeline riddle appears. Up close, more details are visib It’s more artful than a simple line segment with a large bulbous flourish at one end. There are little stems and c along the line. And then that familiar logogram-- SUBTITLES: “Solve.” LOUISE (CONT’D) Did we answer wrong? A NEW SERIES OF SYMBOLS: “Many answers given. Many become one. Only one matters.” The message the Russian Scientist translated, in part. Lo looks back at the timeline.
55) 5) dialog: But I don’t understand, it’s time-- (then) Time. Wait. Is it? What's the logogram for time... Louise is seized with a realization. She reaches out and touches the timeline on the screen. Nudges it. It moves. From both ends, she wraps the line into its own circle... exact representation of the logogram. It pulses when she completes the action.
55) 6) dialog: Time...
57) 0) text: The Shell landing in Montana. INT. LAKE HOUSE - LOUISE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) C1 Louise at home alone. INT. “THE SHELL” - BACK TO SCENE D108 Louise sucks in a breath, mentally returning to present d in a panic. Even more confused and frightened. Costello retreats from her, as she translates the sentenc
57) 1) dialog: “There is no linear time”-- (then) Wait! What is happening to me? What_do I do? The ship shudders. The THRUM returns as the cylinder descends, to seal Louise inside once more. Costello turns to her, some of his arms float in the air the strands of Louise’s hair. Despite his unearthly figur he seems to look upon her with tenderness. A final logogr forms on the floor between them: SUBTITLES: “You already have. You choose life.” The THRUM increases in urgency. That same cylinder rises around her feet to encase her once again.
57) 2) dialog: I don’t understand-- WAIT-- With a ROAR, the cylinder seals her up, into darkness. 109 Yellow (06/11/2015) 104. EXT. BASE CAMP — DAY 109 From the top of the hill, the massive Shell begins to TUR itself. Rotating, yet remaining in place. Like spinning a billiard ball on its axis. The ovoid craft reverses its hemispheres until finally it sitting upside-down from its previous position. Louise emerges from behind the hill, running toward us. H hair is damp from the exposure to the alien atmosphere. Three pickup trucks rush toward her. SIX MEN in full HAZM suits grab LOUISE, as the spaceship starts to leave the ground with an ASTONISHING SOUND. Ian is among the men. He calls her name but it’s drowned by the sound of the ship overhead. The spaceship then disappears in the clouds. Everyone outside base camp stares up at the sky, every fa fretting and worried about what it means. Weber is among the six. He steps close to Louise, grim.
57) 8) dialog: Tan... I don’t know what it means. Louise wobbles a step. Ian holds onto her. 105.
58) 0) text: Louise stands on the back patio, one hand on a deck post. boots are covered in mud. She looks around. It’s raining. A 7-year-old Hannah comes in from the rain and sits down the bench at the patio. Louise reaches up and feels the length of her hair. Looks her hands. Notes her wedding ring-- she’s still wearing i
58) 2) dialog: Baby? What day is it, do you know?
58) 4) dialog: Hannah, honey, your father didn’t leave you. You’1l spend time with him this weekend.
58) 6) dialog: Oh, god. I’m... That was my fault. I told him something he wasn’t ready to hear. 111 106.
58) 8) dialog: Believe it or not, I know something that’s going to happen. I can’t explain how I know, I just do. When I shared it with Daddy, he got real mad. Said I made the wrong choice.
58) 10) dialog: It has to do with a very rare disease. And it can’t be stopped. Kind of like how you are when you get focused on swimming, or poetry, or any of the amazing things you share with the world.
58) 12) dialog: (to herself) Hold onto this moment-- EXT. BASE CAMP — BACK TO SCENE 111 Ian holds onto Louise.
58) 13) dialog: Hold onto this moment. She realizes she’s back. Sucks in a breath. She’s crying.
58) 15) dialog: I remembered something.
58) 19) dialog: Why my husband left me. Ian didn’t expect that answer.
59) 0) text: The translators, scientists, and techs are gone here. ARM SOLDIERS now populate the place, tearing down all non- essential material as fast as possible. Halpern supervise Louise rushes in and gets to a keyboard at her hutch. She calls up the heptapod data on the screens. Spreads it to every available screen. Loops and whorls of logograms, al strung together like DNA strands. Geometric formulae anim around the cursive writing. A wall of alien graffiti. Ian hurries in behind Louise.
60) 0) text: Louise’s eyes snap open, and she takes in the sight of al the alien symbols once more. She lets out a ragged breath, in awe of it.
60) 1) dialog: I can read it... (then) Ian, I know what it is. A new SIREN now begins to wail around the campsite. Louis and Ian look up, unsure what to do. Colonel Weber enters and marches for them with Captain Ma behind him-—
60) 5) dialog: Wait-- I figured out the gift!
61) 0) text: --and they keep marching for the helipad, despite Louise trying to slow things down.
61) 1) dialog: It's their language. They gave it all to us. It’s in twelve parts because I separated their first symbol into twelve segments-- and they knew I would. Understand?
61) 3) dialog: (emphatic) When you learn it, truly learn it, you perceive time the way they do. Weber stops as they’re two dozen feet from the chopper. H has to shout over the sound of the rotors and the siren.
61) 7) dialog: General Shang. The pleasure is certainly mine. They shake hands, but Louise offers a slight bow.
61) 9) dialog: Me? Well. I’m flattered.
61) 11) dialog: What was that?
61) 13) dialog: Your private number? General, I don’t know what, uh... Shang shows her his sleek SMARTPHONE. It’s open to an ID screen with a number. She accepts it, staring at the scre
61) 15) dialog: (beat) Wait. I called you, didn’t I...
61) 17) dialog: General, you must forgive me. I’ve had a bit to drink tonight. I might need a reminder.
62) 0) text: She’s right back where she was a moment ago. Ian tugs at to get into the helicopter. Louise sucks in a breath like she was just pulled from co water. The memory of the future leaves her shaking.
63) 4) dialog: C’mon, C’mon... A voice on the other end answers. It’s Shang. Louise gets jolt of hope.
64) 6) dialog: (in Mandarin) General, I’m calling from the American site.
66) 0) text: Louise speaks with Shang as two soldiers arrive in the cl room. Louise locks herself in the chamber, still talking to Sha
66) 1) dialog: (in Mandarin) Your wife spoke to me in a dream, she said you'd help save the world by being braver than everyone else--
66) 4) dialog: Changing someone’s mind...give me 20 seconds. Ian gets in the chamber and locks the door. Halpern arrives from Yellow Tunnel and draws a gun. The t soldiers raise their rifles on the other side of the cham Ian locks the second door and puts himself between the soldiers’ guns and her.
66) 10) dialog: (in Mandarin) War doesn't make winners, only widows. She listens briefly and then drops the phone.
66) 11) dialog: I already did.
68) 2) dialog: I repeated what his wife told him before she passed away...
68) 4) dialog: He told me. (ALT)
69) 0) text: Weber and Halpern enter into the Skype room followed by Louise and Ian.
70) 0) text: Louise steps out with Ian close behind.
70) 2) text: Louise is ily overcome by the emotion of what she just experienced. She looks at Ian in an entirely new way. It’ moment where she wants to tell him everything, and doesn’ know where to start. And there’s a tsunami of joy, sorrow, pain, and hope hitt her as she realizes where she is again. 118 Yellow (06/11/2015) 114. Finally, she nods at Ian, wiping her face. Tenderly:
70) 3) dialog: Ian... If you could suddenly see your whole life, start to finish... Would you change things?
70) 6) dialog: Yes, little-nose?
70) 8) dialog: Don’t you like it?
70) 10) dialog: Oh, so this is another episode of your series, “Why is it this way?”
70) 12) dialog: Your name is special. It’s a palindrome. That means you can read it both forwards and backwards, and it’s still the same. Hannah gets it right away.
70) 14) dialog: I love you, Hannah. Hannah smiles at her mother.
70) 17) dialog: I forgot how good it feels to be held by you. 120
71) 0) text: Louise and Weber both sit in the back seat. It feels like they’ve been riding in silence for some time.
71) 2) dialog: I’m not going to try to explain it.
71) 4) dialog: Thank you for believing in me.
71) 6) dialog: Goodbye. Louise steps out and walks towards the house.
71) 7) dialog: So that is your story, dear Hannah.
72) 0) text: Louise stands in the empty room that we know is Hannah's. INT. LAKE HOUSE — DAY (FLASHBACK) Al21 QUICK POP: The artwork of Hannah's, with the stick figure
73) 0) text: QUICK POP: Louise teaching a group about logograms. On he right hand is a sparkly ENGAGEMENT RING. HX kX oe 122 123 Buff (08/20/2015) 116A.
73) 1) dialog: It’s also the ongoing story of our people. I can see moments as we prepare for the future. Ian was right: It’s about choice.
74) 0) text: Louise steps in, carrying her wine glass.
74) 1) dialog: I’m about to make a choice, too. One that I will have to live with forever. This is the same scene as the first. Shot for shot. She finds the message written on glass: “Do you want to make a baby?” Beat. The twinkle in her eye, the thoughtful moment... It all breathes here.
74) 2) dialog: In some ways this choice saves the world, but I’m not thinking about that, Hannah. I never am.
77) 0) text: Hannah, on her death bed in the hospital. Holding Louise’ hand. The two clinging to each other.
77) 1) dialog: I’m just thinking about you.
78) 0) text: Louise touches the glass where the question is written... “Do you want to make a baby?” IAN steps into view, with a wine glass in his hand, too.
78) 3) dialog: Yes. And now we stay here a moment longer than the opening sce and see that while Louise is smiling, a tear slips down h cheek. She is both the happiest and the saddest right now Because she knows what happens next. FADE TO BLACK.