35) 0) text: Armed SOLDIERS are stationed at regular intervals around tight perimeter. Disturbing, as the base camp previously not seem military-led. Their presence is slowly increasin Private Lasky stands guard, and looks back at the mammoth Shell above him. He’s joined by Private COMBS, who gives ship a similar look of aggression. They notice each other glaring at the ship, and share a wordless nod of solidari Two soldiers who both spotted the enemy. EXT. HILLSIDE NEAR BASE CAMP — DUSK 68 Ian sits atop a sleeping bag, staring out at the massive with a look just the opposite of Lasky’s glare. He has a sketchbook open, filled with mechanical drawings advanced equations, and notes to himself. Louise ascends the hill toward him.
39) 0) text: The moonlit lake on the other side of a bedroom window. INT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY (FLASHBACK) c74 Four-year-old Hannah's feet curl, inside pajama footies. EXT. BASE CAMP —- BACK TO SCENE 75 Louise stands upright again. Takes a breath, a little unnerved. And continues on to the cluster of tents, alone One soldier has remained behind as escort. Watching her w a growing suspicion. Private Lasky. With his rifle.
59) 0) text: The translators, scientists, and techs are gone here. ARM SOLDIERS now populate the place, tearing down all non- essential material as fast as possible. Halpern supervise Louise rushes in and gets to a keyboard at her hutch. She calls up the heptapod data on the screens. Spreads it to every available screen. Loops and whorls of logograms, al strung together like DNA strands. Geometric formulae anim around the cursive writing. A wall of alien graffiti. Ian hurries in behind Louise.
65) 0) text: CIA and Soldiers search the base.
66) 0) text: Louise speaks with Shang as two soldiers arrive in the cl room. Louise locks herself in the chamber, still talking to Sha
66) 2) dialog: (in headset, to Systems Op) We found the source of the call, waiting for instructions. Tan arrives from Yellow Tunnel, opens the door of the chamber.