0) 2) text: The lead Sno-Cat STREAKS forward. Slews to a stop at the edge of Camp David’s broad, frozen lake. The rider turns Meet MIKE BANNING. Good-looking, 30s, build of a former college athlete. Wearing the unmistakable shades and coil earpiece of the United States Secret Service. The other Sno-Cats pull up under Banning’s watchful gaze. The riders are -- BENJAMIN ASHER, a robust 50, President the United States -- MARTIN TRUMBULL, 53, the Southern-br Speaker of the House -- and MARGARET “MAGGIE” ASHER, the First Lady, a striking 42. Riding tandem with the Preside is his 6-year-old son, CONNOR.
0) 7) text: (to Connor) How ya holdin’ up back there, partner? You an ice cube yet? Connor, face nearly blue, bravely shakes his head no. Banning reaches out, tweaks the visor of the boy’s helmet Connor beams back... hero-worship personified.
0) 42) dialog: Mom? Banning turns. Connor stares at him, lower lip quivering. The boy’s face frozen in a rictus of horror. Asher grabs his son in his arms. The President and Bannin lock eyes. Banning lowers his gaze. As overhead, the POUNDING ROTORS of the descending RESCUE CHOPPER whirl...
0) 50) dialog: (calling back over his shoulder) Je suis désolé! Connor zooms from the kitchen.
0) 51) text: Connor ducks and weaves down the corridor. As up ahead, through an open door we see...
10) 0) text: Connor brakes to a SKIDDING STOP on his scooter at the en a long corridor. At the far end of the hall, he sees his father and the others exit the Cabinet Room.
20) 3) dialog: zooms around the corner on his Razor Scooter. He BRAKES t stop, just short of the two security men.
20) 4) dialog: (to Roma) Can I see my dad?
20) 6) dialog: A long one? Roma shrugs, sympathetic. Connor’s eyes shift to Kang. Kang imperceptibly nods back
31) 3) dialog: Dad!
32) 0) text: Alarm klaxons WAILING, the White House evacuates. Skeleto holiday staff racing for the exits. Roma herds President Asher’s group inside the EMERGENCY ELEVATOR. Hands Connor off to a TALL AGENT.
50) 0) text: Connor flees. Races around the corner, almost falling. Ducks into the laundry room. Yu rapidly closes.
79) 2) dialog: standing silently in the Oval Office doorway.
79) 3) dialog: (slowly) What are you doing here? Banning opens his mouth to speak when
80) 0) text: Connor sprints down the hall. Banning gives chase. The bo disappears through an inner office doorway. Banning rushes up. Grabs the doorknob. Locked. He KICKS the door down. 48.
81) 0) text: Banning bursts inside, eyes searching the small room. Des bookshelves, low filing cabinets. Connor is... gone. But that’s impossible. Banning stares, confused. He pulls out Asher’s BlackBerry. Scrolls down the listing Finds the one he wants... National Military Command Center. He dials. Lines still jammed. Dials again...
102) 2) dialog: emerges from the wall.
102) 3) dialog: (whispers) Mike, hurry --
109) 0) text: There is no place to hide. Except... Banning is being led by Connor through the walls. Ducking low -- shoulders barely squeezing through -- Bann follows the boy through the dim passageways. 60.
114) 0) text: Banning and Connor rest a moment, safe within the walls. boy eyes Banning -- filthy, exhausted, bleeding -- warily
114) 2) dialog: Is my dad okay?
114) 4) dialog: (re: headset) Can I see? Banning hands him the headset. Connor hunches over it, fiddling with the mute device. CONNOR (cont’d) (not looking up) When you left... you never said goodbye. 63. Banning swallows.
114) 7) dialog: My dad says it was an accident. That it was no one’s fault... Banning swallows.
114) 9) dialog: Maybe no one could have saved her. Banning stares, numb. Awed by the simple pure forgiveness a child.
121) 1) dialog: (off Banning’s look) What’s wrong?
121) 3) dialog: I did it! Banning grabs the tac-com, puts it to his ear. And hears, impossibly, the FEEDBACK WHINE of another head unit directly behind him. Banning whirls and
127) 0) text: Banning and Connor hurry through the narrow passages.
134) 0) text: Hunched low, Banning and Connor hurry down the dim passag directly below the roof sub-level. Banning stops, eyes searching. He sees an ancient (1930's era) metal ACCESS DOOR PANEL, encrusted with decades of rust and grit. Banning pulls on the door -- it opens with a stubborn SCREECH. Banning lif Connor, sets him inside the CRAWL SPACE within.
147) 0) text: Connor cowers inside the dark enclosed space. Eyes dartin as the GUNFIRE and EXPLOSIONS boom distantly above.
152) 0) text: Total SILENCE. Connor listens in the still darkness. Tentative, he pushes open the access panel door. Squeezes out of the tiny crawl space.
153) 2) dialog: Mike? Banning’s head swivels.
153) 5) dialog: Mike! On the far parapet, obscured by smoke, Banning lies unsee
158) 0) text: Banning leans against the low parapet. Bloodied, battered bruised. He stares through the drifting haze, and sees -- CONNOR’S BALL CAP blowing end over end across the debris-strewn roof. Banning reaches out. Clutches the crumpled cap in his fis He gazes down at the cap. The words “U.S. SECRET SERVICE” stare back. Like a beacon across time. Banning straightens. Reaches for O’Neil’s headset.
163) 0) text: The massive bunker door opens. Pak enters with Connor.
174) 7) dialog: Mike!
179) 0) text: Kang violently yanks Connor from his father.
194) 0) text: Banning’s line of slugs CHURN the grass. 98. It works. On instinct, the commandos REACT. Draw their weapons, searching for targets. The hostages duck like sheep. Now we know who the commandos are. The rooftop snipers OPEN FIRE. The commandos are mowed do like a scythe. The hostages race for Marine One. Banning’s eyes frantica scan the fast-moving figures... No one the size of Connor. Where is he? Where’s the President? McMillan and the other hostages dive aboard the tiltrotor Cowering against the whizzing bullets. Lim leaps aboard, clutching Kang’s briefcase.
205) 0) text: Kang leads Asher and Connor below to the platform for the Subterranean Launch Evac Device (S.L.E.D.). An undergroun escape car, shaped like a small bullet train. A tracked tunnel leads into the darkness.
214) 0) text: Kang, Asher, and Connor get strapped into the evac car.
220) 0) text: Through the windscreen, the earthen wall rushes up. No ti to stop. Asher glares at Kang. Kang stares back, face impassive. He’s daring him. The black wall LOOMS like death itself. Asher glances one last time at Connor and then --
222) 0) text: The escape car surfaces, docking at an underground sewer substation. The main hatch OPENS. Kang prods Asher and Connor from the car with his gun. On the docking platform. Without warning -- Kang spins -- PISTOL WHIPS Asher acros the face. The President drops to his knees.
222) 1) dialog: Dad! Kang looms over Asher.
223) 0) text: An isolated, cordoned area on the banks of the Tidal Basi Yellow caution tape flutters. Asher and Connor climb from the access manhole. Banning scrambles from the manhole after them. Runs to th President and Connor, prods them forward.