20) 0) text: In the corridor outside, Roma stands across from Kang. Th two professionals share an amicable look. Roma moves closer, admires the LAPEL PIN embossed with th South Korean flag affixed to Kang’s suit. It’s round, slightly larger than the American flag pin on Roma’s own lapel.
20) 2) dialog: Thank you, Agent Roma. 19. Kang bows again, polite. When suddenly
46) 0) text: Kang and his team grab the Secret Service weapons, herd President Asher, Minister Lee, and the entire National Security Team (eleven hostages total) inside the PEOC. INT. PRESIDENT’S EMERGENCY OPERATIONS CENTER (PEOC) -
61) 0) text: Lim looks up at Kang from the computer console.
63) 0) text: Commandos from the upstairs ground assault enter the PEOC Deliver to Kang a STAINLESS STEEL BRIEFCASE. Yu returns to the bunker. He crosses to Kang, whispers lo in his ear. Kang slowly removes his glasses, meticulously folds them. Then -- quick as a cobra -- he spins on Yu and instantly SNAPS HIS NECK. 35. The hostages SCREAM. Kang coolly turns to Pak. A muscular automaton.
63) 1) dialog: Get the boy. Asher leaps to his feet.
63) 3) dialog: You’re in no position to demand anything. A commando levels his weapon at Asher’s chest. KANG (cont’d) Sit down. Beat. The President reluctantly sits. Kang turns away, nods to Pak. Pak exits. The bunker SEALS SHUT behind him.
65) 0) text: Kang calmly steps to the head of the presidential bunker he owns the building. And, indeed, he does.
65) 2) dialog: I’m the man who’s just taken the most secure building on Earth. Asher’s gaze nervously flicks to his MILITARY AIDE nearby black BRIEFCASE attached via security cable to his wrist. The NUCLEAR FOOTBALL. KANG (cont’d) (knowing) I’m not interested in your launch codes, Mr. President. Which by now I’m sure your Pentagon has changed... Minister Lee stares, stunned by Kang’s betrayal.
65) 4) dialog: Open your eyes, Minister Lee. Our homeland is divided. Our people are divided. Because of these Americans...
65) 6) dialog: Does your “peace” involve millions of our Northern brothers, dead from famine and disease? (he draws closer) Our families separated by tanks and guns and American mines? Kang stands before Lee. KANG (cont’d) No, Minister Lee, this is war. (beat) The time has come for all Korea to again be one. Lee holds Kang’s gaze.
65) 8) dialog: (evenly) I’m a patriot. Kang turns and walks away. Lee can breathe again. 38.
68) 3) dialog: Mr. Trumbull. The whole room jumps. Kang’s eyes fix on Trumbull. Trumbu blinks, taken aback.
69) 0) text: Kang stands before the massive PEOC control console.
69) 1) dialog: My name is Yeonsak Kang. The man who now controls your White House.
69) 4) dialog: In addition to your President, I hold your Vice President, full National Security Team, and South Korean Foreign Minister Lee inside the President’s Emergency Operations Center -- Kang’s looming face remains inscrutable. 40. KANG (cont’d) I understand it’s impregnable. Trumbull swallows.
69) 6) dialog: I want you to recall the U.S. Seventh Fleet from the Sea of Japan.
69) 8) dialog: You have 12 hours. The wallscreen GOES DARK. Everyone in the Crisis Room sta in shock. A long beat. GENERAL EDWARD GALDARRES, 50s, the Army Chief of Staff, t to Trumbull.
72) 0) text: Kang crosses to Secretary of Defense McMillan. She looks eyes afraid. 42.
72) 1) dialog: (without preamble) Give me your Cerberus code. McMillan blinks. Asher and Hoenig exchange a stunned look How the hell does Kang know about Cerberus?
72) 3) dialog: Think harder, Madame Secretary.
75) 0) text: Kang pulls the hypodermic from its case. Lim seizes McMillan from behind, holding her fast. The ot commandos level their MP-5s, cowing any would-be heroes.
75) 2) dialog: Fuante Shi. One of the world’s most deadly orders of strychnine -- He fills the syringe with the vial’s contents. KANG (cont’d) -- no known antidote -- McMillan struggles, but Lim tightens her iron grip. Kang turns with the needle. KANG (cont’d) One more chance. Your Cerberus code. McMillan glances desperately at Asher. KANG (cont’d) He can’t help you. Asher and McMillan exchange a look. McMillan turns back t Kang, face firm with resolve. KANG (cont’d) There’s a saying in Korea -- “Listening 100 times is not as good as seeing it once.” Kang INJECTS her straight in the carotid.
75) 4) text: Not looking up, Kang methodically replaces the syringe in case as he calmly speaks.
75) 5) dialog: Do you cry when your Predators scorch villages? When your “smart bombs” kill innocents from 60 miles away? Kang pushes a button on the control console. The door to PEOC LIVING QUARTERS -- adjacent to the main room -- slid OPEN. We catch a glimpse inside -- a half-dozen cots, kitchenette, supplies. Foreign Minister Lee lies dead on the first cot. Kang’s men drag McMillan’s body into the room -- and the CLOSES.
78) 0) text: Malik steps beside Trumbull. Inserts a USB device into th computer console. A DIGITAL HEAD SHOT of Kang is projected onto the wallscr Bio-data scrolls below.
85) 1) dialog: (over headset) West Wing. First Floor. Pak grunts, leads his men quickly down the corridor. 51.
88) 0) text: Kang approaches Admiral Hoenig with his hypodermic needle Loads in a fresh vial.
88) 1) dialog: Admiral. Your Cerberus code.
88) 3) dialog: Don’t I? Kang looms over Hoenig, eyes black as anthracite. KANG (cont’d) I’m providing my nation with the opportunity to achieve its rightful destiny. Hoenig’s glance flickers to the syringe.
88) 5) dialog: I believe Seneca said it best -- “There is no genius without a touch of madness.” Kang places the point of the needle against Hoenig’s caro KANG (cont’d) Your code, Admiral. Kang’s finger tenses on the plunger. A beat of incredible tension.
95) 0) text: Kang speaks into his throat mic.
95) 1) dialog: Mr. Cho.
96) 2) dialog: (filtered) Is the package ready?
104) 2) dialog: (filtered) Return to the bunker. Pak motions his men out. Scans the empty room one final t himself, then exits. 59.
106) 0) text: From the mainframe console, Lim controls the elevator’s descent. Kang hovers over her shoulder.
106) 1) dialog: Initiate lockdown. Lim punches a button... Activating the full White House internal security grid.
108) 0) text: The wallscreen subdivides into hundreds of VIDEO FEEDS -- monitoring every conceivable inch of the White House. No living thing can escape such technology. As soon as Banning moves, he’1ll be exposed. Kang’s eyes stay fixed on the wall of TV images. There is no place to hide.
112) 0) text: Kang scans the wallscreen images, perplexed. His eyes suddenly narrow.
112) 1) dialog: Screen 26. Lim punches a button. VIDEO DISPLAY: The Lincoln Bedroom. KANG (cont’d) Quadrant four. Lim zooms in. KANG (cont’d) Enhance. Kang’s eyes focus on the far bedroom wall --
123) 2) dialog: Mr. Cho.
124) 2) dialog: (filtered) Stand by to repel boarders.
136) 1) dialog: Ms. Lim --
154) 0) text: Kang’s tac-com crackles. He listens.
154) 1) dialog: (into tac-com) Bring him to me.
155) 0) text: On the massive wallscreen, VIDEO FOOTAGE of the assault’s disastrous aftermath unfolds. Everyone stares in horror. The wallscreen flickers... and KANG’S FACE appears.
155) 1) dialog: Mr. Trumbull -- Trumbull swallows.
156) 0) text: Kang stares, face implacable.
156) 1) dialog: You were warned. Kang turns, and in one smooth motion SHOOTS Vice Presiden Cardoza POINT BLANK IN THE HEAD. KANG (cont’d) Your President is next. Cardoza’s body slumps to the floor, dead. 79. KANG (cont’d) You now have one hour to recall the Seventh Fleet. When this is done, I want Marine One on the South Lawn fueled and ready. (beat) One hour. Kang terminates the transmission.
161) 0) text: Kang pushes a button on the control console. The door to PEOC living quarters slides OPEN.
161) 1) dialog: Admiral, you’1ll come with me -- Hoenig hesitates -- this is the room where the bodies of McMillan and Cardoza were all taken...
161) 3) dialog: Admiral? On legs of stone, Hoenig stands and slowly crosses the PE Hesitantly steps inside the small room. Kang follows -- and the door CLOSES.
163) 2) dialog: Who’s been helping you? Connor stares back, defiant. Doesn’t answer. Asher pulls his son away, protective.
163) 4) dialog: Freeze and process for face recognition. Lim FREEZE-FRAMES the figure’s face, ZOOMING in. Hits a button. HEAD SHOT PHOTOGRAPHS from the government’s full personne database cross-reference the image at blinding speed. The match frame appears. Banning’s ID photo. 83. KANG (cont’d) (reading) Michael Taylor Banning. First Recon Lieutenant -- Silver Star -- (beat, eyes widening) Current Secret Service -- demotion following death ruled accidental -- Margaret Louise Asher. Kang slowly turns -- and locks eyes with the President.
164) 0) text: Banning peers down the long hall. Crisscrossed with motio sensor beams. There’s no way past. KANG’S VOICE (0.S.) (amplified) Mike Banning. Kang’s voice BOOMS over the White House intercom system.
165) 0) text: Kang studies the monitor screens intently.
165) 1) dialog: Special Agent -- Mike Banning. Banning stays hidden.
165) 4) dialog: You have 30 seconds to show yourself, Agent Banning. Or I put a bullet in his eye. Banning leans back, closes his eyes. 84. KANG (cont’d) Fifteen seconds. We can tell from Banning’s face this is the hardest decis of his life. KANG (cont’d) Five. Banning leaves his weapon and O’Neil’s tac-com behind, mo into view. Lim’s monitor alarms suddenly TRILL. Banning walks down the corridor in full view, tripping th sensor beams. Unarmed, hands held high. Across the hall, the White House emergency elevator doors suddenly OPEN. Banning steps inside. The doors close.
168) 0) text: Secure in the PEOC, Kang watches the proceedings in the corridor outside on his monitor screen. CLOSE ON MONITOR: Hands raised, Banning steps from the elevator car.
169) 1) dialog: (amplified) So this is our Silver Star. Kang’s disembodied VOICE echoes in the corridor. Banning looks up, stares directly into the camera.
170) 0) text: Kang regards Banning’s defiant face on the monitor.
170) 1) dialog: (into mic) I’m afraid failure seems to be quite the habit for you...
171) 1) dialog: (filtered) Kill him.
172) 0) text: Kang watches the lead commando raise his weapon, when suddenly -- THE MONITOR SCREEN WHITES OUT. 86.
174) 1) dialog: What’s happening? Lim frantically works the controls, tries to restore the static-filled screens.
177) 0) text: Kang stands over Asher.
177) 1) dialog: So your protector fails you -- as he failed your wife -- Kang glances at Connor. KANG (cont’d) -- and your son -- Kang turns, kneels beside Sandman’s corpse. Pulls the sma remote from the dead man’s web harness. Kang flicks the switch. The monitor screens go back ON-LI He drops the device to the floor -- CRUSHING IT under his boot. Lim suddenly spins from the control console.
177) 3) dialog: Was there ever a doubt? Asher glares at Kang.
177) 5) dialog: No, Mr. President. You did. 91.
179) 0) text: Kang violently yanks Connor from his father.
179) 1) dialog: Now, Mr. President -- He presses his gun to the boy’s temple. KANG (cont’d) Your code. Connor looks up, face filled with fear. Asher locks eyes with his terrified son. Kang COCKS his weapon. A long, excruciating beat.
179) 3) dialog: (into tac-com) All units. We’re leaving.
181) 0) text: Asher glares at Kang, defiant. 92.
181) 4) dialog: I lied -- there is an antidote -- if administered in time -- Asher’s eyes flicker past McMillan, into the small room. Foreign Minister Lee lies lifeless on the first cot. Vice President Cardoza dead on the second. Admiral Hoenig, THR BRUTALLY CUT, lies on the third. MCMILLAN (horrified, helpless) -- I thought -- Nate was killed because he refused -- McMillan is hauled away, through the bunker door. Asher stares in stunned disbelief. The last of the hostages are herded out. Asher, Connor, Kang, and Lim remain in the bunker. 93. Kang hands Lim his stainless steel briefcase.
181) 5) dialog: I’1ll see you shortly. Lim nods, heads for the door.
181) 7) dialog: We’re not finished yet.
183) 0) text: Kang stands before the control console, rapidly flips switches.
188) 3) dialog: Who said anything about waiting for their launch? (pause) I’m going to trigger them inside their silos. Asher’s face drains.
188) 5) dialog: A unified Korea? (laughs) I’ve listened to that empty socialist palaver my entire life. Asher is stunned to his core. KANG (cont’d) No, Mr. President. That’s not why I’m here. 96. Kang turns, and kneels down before Connor. Stares directl into the boy’s eyes. KANG (cont’d) You know Connor, I watched my mother die too. Want to know how? (pause) The American mine... was hidden in the snow. It exploded -- I couldn’t hear a thing. Just this high-pitched buzz in my ears. I looked down and... I was covered with blood. My mother... her face was gone. Legs bloody stumps. Yet still -- she reached out for me -- as she bled out in the snow...
194) 0) text: Banning’s line of slugs CHURN the grass. 98. It works. On instinct, the commandos REACT. Draw their weapons, searching for targets. The hostages duck like sheep. Now we know who the commandos are. The rooftop snipers OPEN FIRE. The commandos are mowed do like a scythe. The hostages race for Marine One. Banning’s eyes frantica scan the fast-moving figures... No one the size of Connor. Where is he? Where’s the President? McMillan and the other hostages dive aboard the tiltrotor Cowering against the whizzing bullets. Lim leaps aboard, clutching Kang’s briefcase.
195) 0) text: Kang stands watching on the video monitor. VIDEO SCREEN: Marine One lifts off from the South Lawn. Kang pulls out a small TRIGGER DEVICE.
199) 0) text: Kang gazes at the monitor screen, pleased.
201) 0) text: Kang presses a button on the control console and
201) 2) dialog: Get up. Asher glares up in defiance. Kang reaches down and roughl hauls the President to his feet. Shoves him forward. Behind Kang, unseen, Connor’s eyes dart over the mainfram He reaches out, quickly hits a button. Asher and Connor share the briefest look. Kang spins, eyes narrowed. Grabs the boy, and pushes him his father down the metal stairway at gunpoint. And on the blinking control console behind them, the butt which Connor pressed is now illuminated. It reads... BUNKER UNSEALED. 100.
205) 0) text: Kang leads Asher and Connor below to the platform for the Subterranean Launch Evac Device (S.L.E.D.). An undergroun escape car, shaped like a small bullet train. A tracked tunnel leads into the darkness.
214) 0) text: Kang, Asher, and Connor get strapped into the evac car.
217) 0) text: Kang initializes the launch sequence. Turns to Asher and draws his tanto (tactical Special Forces knife). Asher’s eyes go wide. The blade FLASHES DOWN -- -- and CUTS Asher’s zipcuffs. Kang presses the President’ palm to the translucent ID SQUARE on the car’s control pa
220) 0) text: Through the windscreen, the earthen wall rushes up. No ti to stop. Asher glares at Kang. Kang stares back, face impassive. He’s daring him. The black wall LOOMS like death itself. Asher glances one last time at Connor and then --
222) 0) text: The escape car surfaces, docking at an underground sewer substation. The main hatch OPENS. Kang prods Asher and Connor from the car with his gun. On the docking platform. Without warning -- Kang spins -- PISTOL WHIPS Asher acros the face. The President drops to his knees.
222) 2) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. President -- Without ceremony, Kang points the pistol in Asher’s face
223) 2) dialog: climbs from the manhole. He shambles forward, eyes burnin Like some demonic specter from Hell. Kang turns, and we see...
223) 4) dialog: (to Asher) Don’t be stupid -- Asher lowers the flare. Drops it in the grass. Banning’s eyes glance to the weapon. He just might make it. Banning stops himself. Looks from Asher to Kang. Kang crosses the recently-erected fireworks platform, mov in for the kill. KANG (cont’d) Annyong-hi kaseyo, Mr. President -- Kang levels his weapon at Asher.