4) 0) text: Banning exits, wearing the white short-sleeved uniform sh black pants, and gold badge of the Secret Service UNIFORM DIVISION. He looks one step up from a Rent-A-Cop. He slides into his beat-up Dodge Ram pickup and pulls fro the curb. 11.
13) 0) text: Agent Roma (recognizable from the Camp David opening) -- Special Agent In Charge of the White House Secret Service detail -- greets Lee at the door.
13) 2) dialog: Thank you, Agent Roma. May I introduce my head of security and chief aide, Mr. Kang -- Kang bows, formal. Roma nods back. Only Lee, Kang, and the Minister’s personal security deta PAK, LIM (female), CHO and YU -- are permitted inside. Al surrender their weapons to the Secret Service. Roma scrutinizes Lee’s delegation as they pass through th White House MILLIMETER-WAVE SCANNER. Each guest walks through the large portal -- 9 feet tall 6 feet wide -- pauses and lifts their arms while the mach takes TWO FULL-BODY SCANS using radio waves. A male TECHNICIAN watches the black-and-white images on h computer screen. [NOTE: The images are detailed enough to see the sweat on a person’s back.] Lim (wearing a trim blue suit, strand of pearls) hesitate before entering the machine. She shoots Roma a look, pointed. 16. Roma nods, and a FEMALE TECHNICIAN sits down to review Li screen image.
19) 0) text: The Oval Office. Foreign Minister Lee stands. As does the rest of Asher’s entire assembled NATIONAL SECURITY TEAM.
19) 2) dialog: Thank you, Mr. President. I appreciate you taking the time to meet on your nation’s holiday.
46) 0) text: Kang and his team grab the Secret Service weapons, herd President Asher, Minister Lee, and the entire National Security Team (eleven hostages total) inside the PEOC. INT. PRESIDENT’S EMERGENCY OPERATIONS CENTER (PEOC) -
50) 0) text: Connor flees. Races around the corner, almost falling. Ducks into the laundry room. Yu rapidly closes.
65) 3) dialog: What are you doing? 37.
65) 5) dialog: (falters) But -- our countries were working toward peace -- Kang begins to walk slowly toward Lee.
65) 7) dialog: You're a traitor. Kang slowly leans forward, face barely an inch from the Minister’s. We just saw what happened to the last person Kang got thi close to. A bead of sweat slides down Lee’s temple.
114) 0) text: Banning and Connor rest a moment, safe within the walls. boy eyes Banning -- filthy, exhausted, bleeding -- warily