53) 0) text: Banning arrives at a terminus of water mains. A series of encrusted circular hatches, shoulder high. He looks up, orienting himself to the ground above. Quick he moves to the far pipe. Pries at the corroded valve -- thick with decades of rust and slime. It finally opens wi a rending SQUEAL. Banning peers inside. A long, long pipe. Barely three feet wide, pitch black. A claustrophobe’s nightmare. Banning hoists himself up, squeezing in. Crawls forward i the darkness.
61) 0) text: Lim looks up at Kang from the computer console.
61) 1) dialog: Control override complete. White House systems secured. All outside networks locked out.
75) 0) text: Kang pulls the hypodermic from its case. Lim seizes McMillan from behind, holding her fast. The ot commandos level their MP-5s, cowing any would-be heroes.
84) 0) text: Lim triangulates the source of the cell transmission -- A DOT blinking on the wallscreen map of the White House.
106) 0) text: From the mainframe console, Lim controls the elevator’s descent. Kang hovers over her shoulder.
123) 0) text: Lim stares into a small MONITOR SCREEN, deftly working a toggle-like CONTROLLER. CLOSE ON SCREEN: POV of the Wasp III drone -- LOOKING DOW The stealth choppers approach, closing fast.
123) 1) dialog: Here they come... Kang speaks into his throat mic. (NOTE: Banning hears all the following over his captured headset.]
130) 0) text: Banning hears the grinding HYDRAULICS above. Quickly clim an interior wall ladder.
136) 0) text: Lim stares into her small monitor screen. Continuing to w the toggle controller.
136) 2) dialog: Almost there... 70.
138) 0) text: Lim presses a button on her controller.
163) 3) dialog: Got him. Kang turns, crosses to Lim at the control console. On her monitor screen, Lim replays surveillance video fro the machine floor. VIDEO FOOTAGE: A FIGURE surprises the three machine floor guards.
174) 2) dialog: -- I’ve lost override -- The massive bunker door suddenly CHIMES. Pak and the othe commandos all spin, weapons leveled. Kang quickly steps behind the seated Asher, puts his gun the President’s temple. The titanium door slowly SWINGS OPEN. 87. SWIRLING HAZE from smoke grenades drifts in. We can’t see thing. Kang’s men train their weapons on the bunker entrance. Re to blow away anything the instant it appears. Seconds pass, seeming like hours. When suddenly
177) 2) dialog: They’ re recalling the Fleet.
178) 0) text: Banning RACES up the endless flights, breathing hard. Pak relentlessly pursues. Banning peers down the stairwell. A burst EXPLODES past h face, bullets whining. Banning keeps climbing.
182) 0) text: The hostages and captors file into the emergency elevator Lim thumbs the button, and the lift rises.
194) 0) text: Banning’s line of slugs CHURN the grass. 98. It works. On instinct, the commandos REACT. Draw their weapons, searching for targets. The hostages duck like sheep. Now we know who the commandos are. The rooftop snipers OPEN FIRE. The commandos are mowed do like a scythe. The hostages race for Marine One. Banning’s eyes frantica scan the fast-moving figures... No one the size of Connor. Where is he? Where’s the President? McMillan and the other hostages dive aboard the tiltrotor Cowering against the whizzing bullets. Lim leaps aboard, clutching Kang’s briefcase.
223) 0) text: An isolated, cordoned area on the banks of the Tidal Basi Yellow caution tape flutters. Asher and Connor climb from the access manhole. Banning scrambles from the manhole after them. Runs to th President and Connor, prods them forward.