0) 14) text: Two men cradling MP-5s, AGENTS ROMA and O’NEIL, stand on frozen shoreline.
0) 15) dialog: (into wrist mic) Mustang here.
0) 17) dialog: Copy that, Bigtop. Have you on visual --
0) 30) text: (horrified) Maggie! Asher lunges for his wife. Roma restrains him.
0) 31) dialog: Sir, no -- ! Asher jerks free and TAKES OFF RUNNING, out onto the ice. Roma and O’Neil give chase. O’ NEIL (into wrist mic) Rosebud is down! Rosebud is down! POTUS is on the ice!
13) 0) text: Agent Roma (recognizable from the Camp David opening) -- Special Agent In Charge of the White House Secret Service detail -- greets Lee at the door.
13) 1) dialog: Foreign Minister Lee -- I’m Special Agent in Charge Roma. Welcome to the White House.
20) 0) text: In the corridor outside, Roma stands across from Kang. Th two professionals share an amicable look. Roma moves closer, admires the LAPEL PIN embossed with th South Korean flag affixed to Kang’s suit. It’s round, slightly larger than the American flag pin on Roma’s own lapel.
20) 1) dialog: Snazzy --
20) 5) dialog: Sorry, he’s in a meeting.
25) 0) text: Roma bursts into Asher’s meeting.
25) 1) dialog: Mr. President, we have an airspace incursion, sir.
31) 0) text: Roma’s earpiece crackles.
32) 0) text: Alarm klaxons WAILING, the White House evacuates. Skeleto holiday staff racing for the exits. Roma herds President Asher’s group inside the EMERGENCY ELEVATOR. Hands Connor off to a TALL AGENT.
32) 1) dialog: Take him! The Tall Agent nods. The heavy steel doors CLOSE. Roma stays behind, weapon drawn. Rushes back down the corridor
45) 0) text: SUVs ROAR across the lawn, slewing before the North Porti A commando leaps out, shoulders a LAW anti-tank missile. He FIRES. The steel White House doors disappear in a SEARING BLAST. An SUV CRASHES through the gaping hole, whole truck just PLOWING STRAIGHT INTO THE ENTRANCE HALL of the Executive Mansion. Commandos leap into the breach. Roma rallies the defenders. The Secret Service RETURN FIR from the grand staircase of the nation’s most famous home A furious, pitched battle inside the White House.
51) 0) text: Gunshots ECHOING, the battle descends into the bowels of White House. The Secret Service, outmanned and outgunned, fight a hopeless rear guard action. There is no escape. Roma and the last few agents are SHOT LIKE DOGS in the lo basement hallway.
54) 0) text: Mortally wounded, Roma lies crumpled against the wall. Weakly, he calls into his wrist mic.
54) 1) dialog: Olympus Has Fallen...
56) 0) text: Roma coughs, spitting blood.
56) 1) dialog: ...Olympus Has Fallen. A commando looms over him, razored throwing star in hand. Roma looks up. The shuriken flashes down.
76) 0) text: Banning moves down the silent corridor. More dead bodies down here. He kneels beside a fallen agent, turns him over -- IT’S ROMA Banning blinks, recognition dawning. He pulls the SHURIKEN from Roma’s forehead. Studies the exotic weapon briefly, then pockets it. Banning quickly searches Roma’s body. Already stripped of all weapons and communications gear. Gently, he closes Roma’s staring eyes. Distant FOOTSTEPS. Banning spins, head cocked. Someone’s coming. Quickly, he ducks into the near doorway. As around the corner --
139) 0) text: SSSZZZPPP! The Wasp sends a massive ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE coursing through the larger drone. The Sentinel instantly heels over and plummets from the s