5) 15) dialog: Who the hell are you? EXT. STREETS OF RAMALLAH —- EVENING This question belongs to COLONEL ALTER TSE’ELON, a thirty something soldier of the Israeli Defense Forces. She's holding a large MACHINE GUN and smoking casually, as are SOLDIERS, several of whom also happen to be female. Pull out to reveal that Alter is addressing an AMERICAN TELEVISION REPORTER and his CAMERAMAN.
5) 17) dialog: I never would have guessed. ALTER is joined by her second-in-command, an attractive y Israeli female soldier named RACHEL.
5) 19) dialog: They're not doing anything until our patrol is finished. Suddenly, GUNSHOTS ring out. The reporter and his cameram flinch, but the Israeli soldiers just casually toss their cigarettes aside.
5) 21) text: My name is Colonel Tse’elon, and you will address me as such. Come, my team and I will get you to safety. The reporter subtly signals for his cameraman to keep filming, as Alter escorts the crew double-time through th dark streets.
5) 23) dialog: Twenty-one months of military service is compulsory for all Israeli women.
5) 25) dialog: My grandmother crossed into enemy territory during our War of Independence, and her grandmother was part of the all-female Battalion of Death during the Russian Revolution. Alter stops, and turns to speak directly into the videographer’s camera.
5) 26) dialog: Defending our territory at any cost is in women’s blood, as the new crop of girls strapping on bomb belts for Islamic Jihad will be happy to-- Without warning, a nearby car EXPLODES in a deafening bur of sound and fury, KNOCKING everyone to the ground. INT. YORICK’S APARTMENT —- MORNING Matching this flash, a frightened Yorick flips on his LIG SWITCH, illuminating an unexpected vision standing before him: a 20-something blonde bombshell named BETH DEVILLE, too beautiful for a geek like Yorick... or is she? Beth’s wearing a TRENCHCOAT that’s closed tight over her thin bo 10
9) 0) text: In the aftermath of the explosion, several Israeli ARMORE VEHICLES have arrived to provide backup (and escort the shaken American reporter and his cameraman to safety). A bandaged Alter is smoking on top of a parked TANK, as Rac her second-in-command arrives with a situation report.
9) 1) dialog: How many?
9) 3) dialog: Thank you, Rachel. Just then, male voices (speaking Hebrew) are heard scream over Rachel’s radio. Gradually, the screaming becomes LIVE, as the male soldie surrounding them begin to scream as well.
9) 4) dialog: The hell...?
16) 2) dialog: No. This can’t be gas. It’s... it’s just the men.
29) 42) dialog: When our people are safe.
29) 44) dialog: Security must be earned, Rachel.
29) 47) dialog: (to the Radio Girl) On speaker, soldier. Over the tinny speaker, the voice of one of the female SE SERVICE AGENTS is heard. 40
29) 50) dialog: Perhaps, but all it would take is our enemies finding a single boy for them to resurrect their entire armies.
29) 52) dialog: You're welcome to question me, Colonel, but never in front of my troops. I’m your friend, but I’m also your superior.
29) 54) dialog: So what, you want to make bullshit romantic comedies to sedate the helpless widows? Rachel looks up at the big map with a hint of sadness.
29) 55) dialog: Or do you want to save the world?
34) 0) text: Cut to the next morning, as a fleet of stolen BLACK HAWK HELICOPTERS flies past the rising sun. 49 INT. BLACK HAWK HELICOPTER —- CONTINUING Cut inside the passenger section of one of these attack choppers, as Alter and Rachel talk to each other over rad headsets. They’re alone here, so Rachel can speak freely.
34) 2) dialog: The U.S. military isn’t an ally, Rachel, it’s a distant memory. All of their brass is dead, and the girls they coddled and refused to let fight are stranded in foreign theaters. Besides, the end justifies the means. The troop transport we used to fly to the States was too slow and unwieldy to keep up with the elusive Mister... Rachel consults her small field notebook.
34) 4) dialog: The fact that you still believe in a higher power after all this is charming. Rachel listens to something coming over her headphones.
34) 6) dialog: My gut says Yorick is alive, Rachel. 50
34) 8) dialog: We should be so lucky.
34) 10) dialog: You saw what happened at the Temple Mount a few months ago, didn’t you? Between our own people? The rioting? The fistfights?
34) 12) dialog: The fighting didn’t begin in earnest until the Israeli Defense Forces... sedated our Arab neighbors. As soon as we removed all of Israel’s external threats, the internal conflict that’s been simmering for years finally came to a boil. The helicopter BANKS into the sun.
34) 13) dialog: The same will happen to our friends in the States soon enough. Without an outside “evil” for its citizens to hate, poor will turn against rich, white against black...
34) 15) dialog: A very old, very reliable one. 51
40) 22) dialog: Good work. We’ll pay a visit right after we refuel. 60
40) 24) dialog: Why? You honestly think some undersexed American will be ina hurry to leave an entire village of lonely women?
45) 2) dialog: Thank you for your attention. The good news is that I have no interest in taking prisoners, so you don’t need to fear another incarceration. Alter pulls out her sidearm and AIMS it at Nina’s head.
45) 3) dialog: The bad news is that I have no objection to field executions. The rest of the townswomen start to rush to Nina’s defens but the overpowering I.D.F. soldiers back them off.
45) 4) dialog: Tell me where you’re hiding Yorick Brown or I start putting bullets in brainpans. Sonia drops her rifle and calls out.
45) 6) dialog: Nonsense, I stationed roadblocks at every possible exit. He-- After consulting with a young female soldier carrying a R PACK, Rachel steps forward to whisper something to Alter.
45) 8) dialog: (to her troops) Kill them all. Sonia charges forward and all of the I.D.F. Soldiers prom aim their rifles at her.
52) 0) text: Back in Los Angeles, Beth leads the other local women outside, as the Black Hawks make a dramatic landing. ALTER steps out of the first chopper, and immediately approaches Beth.
52) 1) dialog: Beth Deville. Your reputation precedes you.
52) 4) dialog: No, young Mr. Brown and his mystery associate have already killed three of our soldiers and stolen one of our ships. He’s obviously not a threat to be taken lightly. We need a more fortified staging area if we’re going to take him alive. Rachel considers this.
56) 0) text: Welcome to this ridiculously palatial estate overlooking Pacific Ocean, a shrine to man’s self-indulgence. Alter’s troops are at the ready outside, guns drawn in fr of their two parked helicopters, while the third chopper circles directly above this modern-day Xanadu. INT. HEARST’S PRIVATE SUITE - CONTINUING Inside Mr. Hearst's private suite, a room filled with an obscene amount of MIRRORS, Beth is TIED to an ornately ca chair. She screams against her gag, and the muffled cries for help echo throughout this massive room.
57) 0) text: Just outside Beth’s makeshift prison, Alter and Rachel ar surveying troop movements from the castle’s GRAND BALCONY
57) 2) dialog: So could Menelaus, and he still launched a thousand ships to retrieve Helen of Troy. Trust me, there’s only one thing a man wants. Alter points at an APPROACHING VEHICLE kicking up dust in distance.
57) 3) dialog: The woman he can’t have.
60) 0) text: Rachel inspects the car through BINOCULARS, as Alter give orders over a BULLHORN.
60) 2) dialog: (through bullhorn) Hold your fire until the target is out of the vehicle! Approach with caution and--
60) 4) dialog: What now?
64) 0) text: Alter and Rachel are still on their high-ground perch overlooking this face-off. 98
64) 1) dialog: They're not with the boy, they’re against him.
64) 3) dialog: Is still our fucking enemy. Alter picks up a small handheld radio.
64) 4) dialog: Air team, take them out.
72) 2) dialog: I concur.
72) 4) dialog: Yorick’s a virile young man. It won't kill him.
72) 6) dialog: Retreat? And risk letting those savages escape with our prize? Push in on Alter, as she begins loading a grenade into a large RIOT GUN.
72) 7) dialog: I'm afraid that’s not an option. Cut back to Rachel, as she reluctantly DRAWS her sidearm aims it at her superior.
72) 9) dialog: You remember the punishment for treason, I trust? 102
72) 11) dialog: I forgive you. As Rachel’s lifeless body crumbles to the balcony floor, Alter picks up her riot gun and LAUNCHES several grenades down at the ongoing battle below. Push past Alter into a close-up of Beth, still hostage in room behind her. The gagged girl has been watching this entire act of barbarism. Her eyes flash both fear and rag
74) 3) dialog: It’s over now. Beth promptly SPITS in Alter’s face.
74) 5) dialog: If you want to live to see your boyfriend, I'd advise against comparing me to the scum that slaughtered my grandfather.
74) 7) dialog: Your hatred is unjustified...
75) 0) text: Alter’s words continue over images of the gas cloud swirl around the still bodies on the battlefield below.
75) 1) dialog: .+-your true love is only sleeping. Push in on Yorick’s body. He’s lying down on his stomach just outside of the car.
75) 2) dialog: Dreaming of you, no doubt. But suddenly, Yorick’s body begins to MOVE. Track over to his face, which we can now see is wearing the familiar GA MASK Yorick’s been carrying with him since New York! 104
75) 3) dialog: The boy will be fine in a few hours. The gasmask-clad Yorick looks around to make sure that no is watching, before he reaches for one of the fallen Amaz REVOLVERS. He picks it up, and triumphantly RISES.
75) 4) dialog: And he’1l wake in a much safer world. Walking into the noxious fog that still lingers over the grounds, Yorick DISAPPEARS. INT. HEARST’S PRIVATE SUITE - CONTINUING Smash cut back to a disbelieving Beth.
75) 6) dialog: Alter Tse’elon. Beth calls after her.
75) 8) dialog: Don’t tell me Yorick found himself a nice Jewish girl. But only half, no? Your mother must have found herself a nice Aryan to settle down with.
75) 10) dialog: A stupid tradition. Two of my siblings died at birth, so when my parents had me, they decided never to speak my real name aloud. (MORE )
75) 11) text: 105 ALTER (cont'd) The nickname is meant to deceive the Angel of Death, so that he’1ll never be able to find me. Beth just sneers.
75) 13) dialog: Really? Have you guessed my true name?
75) 17) dialog: Drop it before I open her. Yorick looks at the revolver in his trembling hand. There are only TWO BULLETS in its chambers. What if he misses? Reluctantly, Yorick lowers the weapon.
75) 22) dialog: This is not fucking couples therapy!
75) 26) dialog: If you want to help your girl, why the hell are you still talking?
75) 28) dialog: And what might that be?
75) 30) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
75) 32) dialog: You're lying. That gun’s even not loaded. You’d never-- Yorick interrupts her by FIRING a shot into the marble fl Beth and Alter flinch in shock, as Yorick again SPINS the wheel and takes aim at his own skull.
75) 34) dialog: No! Just as Yorick’s about to squeeze the trigger, Alter THRO her pearl-handled dagger at his WRIST! As the dagger EMBEDS itself just below Yorick’s hand, the last man DROPS his weapon before it discharges. Alter RUNS for the fallen weapon, but Yorick KICKS it awa before she can get her hands on it. As Alter cautiously approaches him, Yorick YANKS the dagg out of his wrist. He’s trying to look like a badass as he wields the blade, but the pain is unbearable.
75) 36) dialog: You've never even met pain. Alter KICKS the knife out of Yorick’s hand before ferocio HEAD-BUTTING him between the eyes. As a stunned Yorick falls backwards, Alter calmly picks u her dagger, tucks it into her belt, and heads for the revolver. But just as she’s about to reach this gun, Yori catches a second wind and DIVES for it. The two violently WRESTLE over the weapon... until a SHOT finally rings out Yorick smiles. This is just like what happened with 355 a the Israeli soldier back in Marrisville, right? 108 Wrong. A horrified Alter looks down to see the smoking weapon in her hand... and a smoldering hole in Yorick's shirt, just to the left of his belly button. Yorick slumps to the ground, and Beth is too shocked to scream.
75) 38) dialog: 
75) 43) dialog: Don’t fuck up. Beth runs over to Yorick, quickly kneeling at his side. S brushes his hair affectionately before she tears into his shirt with her knife.
75) 49) dialog: STOP FUCKING TALKING! One more word out of either of you, and... Just then, Alter notices something in one of the suite’s MIRRORS. A figure has silently entered the room behind he It’s Agent 355, badly wounded, but alive. Just as 355 is about to put a silenced bullet in Alter’s head, the Israeli general spins around and KNOCKS the gun of her hand.
76) 0) text: In the opulent north wing just outside this suite, Alter continues to battle Agent 355. 355 flicks open her BATON, which she SMASHES against Alte right hand, causing her to drop her gun. Alter then ROUND HOUSES the baton away from 355. It’s strictly hand-to-hand and woman-to-woman from here u the end. 355 taunts Alter, as she deftly uses her one goo arm to violently SPAR with her opponent.
76) 1) dialog: You're the one who killed my girls? Back in Marrisville?
76) 5) dialog: Who? Who do you work for? 355 says nothing, so Alter PUNCHES her in the face as har she can. Through bloody teeth, 355 spits out:
76) 7) dialog: You're joking. I thought your little sewing circle was just a myth the drill instructors used to scare us at boot camp. They told us you were the best of the best. Alter PUNCHES 355 again.
76) 8) dialog: Tell me, what number did your keepers give you? Maybe I’1l get it tattooed on my ass. A winded 355 struggles to whisper something inaudible.
76) 9) dialog: Speak up, girl. Alter leans in close, as 355 echoes Yorick’s earlier word her.