5) 28) dialog: Hey, handsome.
5) 30) dialog: You talk too much. Yorick smiles, as he looks down at her coat.
5) 32) dialog: I’m insulted. This is what I wore to our first date, remember? Midnight screening of Miller's Crossing at the Angelika? You said I looked like a degenerate flasher.
5) 34) dialog: So, you were seeing Libby!
5) 36) dialog: Well, my date kept falling asleep.
5) 39) dialog: And that’s when I knew I needed a better wardrobe. Beth undoes her trenchcoat, revealing skimpy LINGERIE underneath. Yorick is predictably awestruck.
5) 41) dialog: Shh. It’s a going-away present.
5) 43) dialog: My internship’s only for three months, Yorick.
5) 45) dialog: Do you have protection? Yorick fumbles for a nearby box. He tips it over and out spills DUCT TAPE, a GASMASK, and various CANNED GOODS.
5) 47) dialog: It’s fine. 12 She starts grinding against him.
5) 49) dialog: Yeah, I’m on the shot. Yorick kisses her back, but stops abruptly.
5) 51) dialog: The one I invented. Close on Yorick’s panicked expression.
6) 12) dialog: Which part of “faster, harder, again” confused you?
6) 14) dialog: Yorick, this is what got me my stupid scholarship. (MORE )
6) 15) text: 14 BETH (cont'd) The hormones I synthesized are just as effective as the pill.
6) 17) dialog: Because if it weren’t for researches being brave enough to test shit on themselves, we'd still have malaria and anemia and a million other diseases.
6) 19) dialog: Baby, you have no idea what it’s like to bleed for days on end. But the science exists for women to permanently suppress ovulation, to get rid of the monthly visitor forever.
6) 21) dialog: (a little melancholy) Yeah, well... people change, I guess.
6) 23) dialog: I promise, the last thing I want is any little surprises in my-- Suddenly, a SMALL CREATURE leaps out of the shadows and l on Beth’s shoulder. Understandably, she SCREAMS.
7) 20) dialog: What the hell is it?
7) 22) dialog: I know what an ampersand is, asshat. What is... ow! As the diaper-clad monkey BITES Beth’s finger, Yorick rea out to take the animal.
7) 24) dialog: Please don’t tell me you’ve gotten that lazy.
7) 26) dialog: Yorick, you couldn’t keep sea monkeys alive. Why would you do that? 18 Beth walks into the tiny bathroom to wash her wound, clos the door behind her and leaving Yorick alone with his pet
7) 28) dialog: Yorick, look. Before I go, there's... there’s something I need to tell you. Yorick pulls a tiny BOX out of a nearby drawer, and looks down at the little cube thoughtfully.
7) 31) dialog: I should really go, baby. Before Yorick can protest, she kisses him deeply.
7) 32) dialog: I’1l call you every day, okay?
7) 34) dialog: You should probably stay here and take care of Chim Chim, huh? Besides, it’s not like I have very far to walk. On cue, the windows in Yorick’s apartment begin to RATTLE a passenger jet THUNDERS directly overhead. A dejected Yorick watches Beth leave, as Ampersand picks something out of his hair.
11) 0) text: As a baby CRIES somewhere in the plane’s cabin, a pensive Beth is looking out her window at the world far below. Sh the only person in her aisle.
11) 3) dialog: Not at all.
21) 0) text: As FRIGHTENED FEMALE PASSENGERS cry and scream, Beth push her way past her now deceased aisle-mate to accost a catatonic FLIGHT ATTENDANT. The suddenly pilotless plane ROCKS to one side, knocking Beth into the woman.
21) 1) dialog: We have to get inside that cockpit!
21) 3) dialog: What are you talking about? This is some kind of... of germ warfare! Why would God only take the men?
21) 5) dialog: Listen to me, you dumb bitch. You will pull yourself together and help us land this plane or me and every woman in this cabin will kick the living shit out of you in hell. The flight attendant stares at her blankly.
49) 0) text: Push inside, where Yorick’s long lost girlfriend BETH DEV is sitting at a round table, leading a diverse group of FEMALE COMMUNITY LEADERS in a meeting. She turns her attention to a young Asian woman named CHLOE.
49) 1) dialog: All right, so Fara is taking care of Meals on Wheels outside the valley. Chloe, what’s our postal situation?
49) 3) dialog: Speaking of which, how are we on antibiotics, Nora? Beth turns to NORA, a sixty-something pharmacist.
52) 0) text: Back in Los Angeles, Beth leads the other local women outside, as the Black Hawks make a dramatic landing. ALTER steps out of the first chopper, and immediately approaches Beth.
52) 2) dialog: You're not Americans, are you? Who the hell are you peop-- Before Beth can say another word, someone comes up behind and places an ETHER-SOAKED RAG over her mouth. As she sli into unconsciousness, Beth falls back into the arms of RACHEL, Alter’s second-in-command. Beth’s friends scream in horror and race to help their colleague, but the Israeli soldiers back them away with t machine guns, while Rachel and Alter carry the sleeping B into their copter. 88
56) 0) text: Welcome to this ridiculously palatial estate overlooking Pacific Ocean, a shrine to man’s self-indulgence. Alter’s troops are at the ready outside, guns drawn in fr of their two parked helicopters, while the third chopper circles directly above this modern-day Xanadu. INT. HEARST’S PRIVATE SUITE - CONTINUING Inside Mr. Hearst's private suite, a room filled with an obscene amount of MIRRORS, Beth is TIED to an ornately ca chair. She screams against her gag, and the muffled cries for help echo throughout this massive room.
57) 0) text: Just outside Beth’s makeshift prison, Alter and Rachel ar surveying troop movements from the castle’s GRAND BALCONY
74) 4) dialog: You're a fucking Nazi. After a nerve-wracking beat, Alter just calmly wipes her with Beth’s gag.
74) 6) dialog: If the jackboot fits.
75) 5) dialog: What the fuck are you? Alter turns her back on the girl and starts to walk out o the room.
75) 7) dialog: Isn’t that a guy’s name? Alter stops in her tracks. She turns to look back at Beth
75) 9) dialog: Alter. It means “old one,” right? Alter approaches her.
75) 11) text: 105 ALTER (cont'd) The nickname is meant to deceive the Angel of Death, so that he’1ll never be able to find me. Beth just sneers.
75) 12) dialog: Today's the day he catches up with you. A sinisterly smiling Alter gets close to the girl’s face.
75) 15) dialog: 
75) 19) dialog: Yorick, it’s fine! Go, get out of here!
75) 21) dialog: What? 106
75) 24) dialog: Yorick, leave!
75) 37) dialog: (under her breath) No... A worried Alter stumbles back to Beth. The solider DRAWS blood-stained dagger. Beth flinches, but Alter just SLICE her free of her restraints. She points at the fallen Yori
75) 40) dialog: I'm... I’m not a medic, I’m just Asee A furious Alter glares at the girl.
75) 41) dialog: I‘1l need your knife. More glaring.
75) 42) dialog: To cut his clothes. Alter reluctantly flips the pearl-handled blade around an hands it to Beth, but not before she AIMS Yorick’s sidear her, and takes a defensive position near the room’s one doorway.
75) 44) dialog: (smiling, playfully sarcastic) My knight in shining armor.
75) 47) dialog: Don’t talk like that.
75) 53) dialog: Who the hell is that?
76) 11) dialog: Are... are you all right? 112 Struggling to stay conscious, 355 asks:
76) 17) dialog: Doctor! He’s awake! Similar framing from Yorick’s bed-ridden point of view, b now Dr. Mann appears in frame, with Ampersand on her shoulder.
76) 32) dialog: She’s the one who told us about this safe house. She doesn’t want the rest of the government knowing where you are until she’s sure they can be trusted.
77) 6) dialog: You're looking for this, right? Beth pulls out Yorick’s RING BOX from her pocket. He just stares at it.
77) 8) dialog: There’s something I have to say first.
77) 10) dialog: Yorick, back in New York, what I was trying to tell you before I left. I... I wanted you to know that I thought we should break up. A beat.
77) 12) dialog: I’m sorry. I was too scared to say anything. I... I didn’t want to hurt you.
77) 14) dialog: We were going in different directions, Yorick. You recognized it, too. Beth hands him the ring. She’s starting to cry. 115 The doctor 116
77) 15) dialog: That’s why you tried so hard to hang on to me, because you knew the world was pulling us apart.
77) 17) dialog: Maybe, but it would be selfish and... and dishonest to say yes to the last man when I would have said no to the man. Now Yorick is tearing up, too.
77) 19) dialog: And so have I. Look, I... I don’t believe in coincidence. There’s a reason my formula worked the way it did, and I have an obligation to stay here with Dr. Mann and help her find new ways of applying it. Beth lovingly touches Yorick.
77) 20) dialog: And it’s no coincidence that destiny picked you. There's a reason you're still alive, and it wasn’t to save me.
77) 22) dialog: Alas, poor Yorick... that’s the question that separates the men from the boys. EXT. DR. MANN’S NEW LABORATORY - MORNING Cut outside what appears to be an ordinary FARM somewhere the United States, as a hi-tech hatch OPENS IN THE EARTH. 355 and Dr. Mann walk out of it. 355 walks passenger 117