5) 18) dialog: They're doing a piece on female combat soldiers, Alter.
9) 2) dialog: Six injured, two dead. Noa and Sagee. Alter takes a long drag off her cigarette.
16) 0) text: As male soldiers begin to drop left and right, Rachel pul out a HYPODERMIC and screams in Hebrew at her fellow troo
16) 1) dialog: It’s an attack! Use your atropine! But before she can inject herself, Alter GRABS the young soldier's wrist.
29) 41) dialog: When does it end?
29) 43) dialog: Our people are safe, Alter... thanks to you. But we no longer have their support. The women want security, not world domination.
29) 45) dialog: It was already given to us when the boys died! Israel has more combat- ready soldiers than any nation on the planet now, and you know it! You have every teenage girl in Tel Aviv eavesdropping on 192 badly fractured governments, and unless the three girls on board that Australian submarine decide to invade the Mediterranean, there are no more threats to us! We’re-- Suddenly, a young girl wearing headphones calls Alter ove her listening station.
29) 49) dialog: Another delusional crackpot.
29) 51) dialog: What? You’re not seriously considering wasting resources on some wild goose chase, are you? Alter shoots Rachel daggers before pulling the young woma aside to quietly lecture her.
29) 53) dialog: You may have asked for this career, Lieutenant-General, but I’m just a lowly film student serving her time in your “stop gap.”
34) 0) text: Cut to the next morning, as a fleet of stolen BLACK HAWK HELICOPTERS flies past the rising sun. 49 INT. BLACK HAWK HELICOPTER —- CONTINUING Cut inside the passenger section of one of these attack choppers, as Alter and Rachel talk to each other over rad headsets. They’re alone here, so Rachel can speak freely.
34) 1) dialog: I’m still not sure how wise it was to steal vehicles from our most loyal ally.
34) 3) dialog: Brown, Yorick. Our intelligence has nothing on him outside of a social security number and three posts to his old blog. He’s a zilch, Alter. If Yorick’s really the last, God didn’t exactly leave us a Moses, did he?
34) 5) dialog: Scuttlebutt on the ground is that a young man was recently spotted in D.C. But unsubstantiated male sightings are more common than corpses these days, so I continue to question the wisdom of all this.
34) 7) dialog: Let’s say he is. And let’s say we abduct the Americans’ only son. You realize they’1l go to war to get him back.
34) 9) dialog: What does that mean?
34) 11) dialog: Yeah, well, the ultra-orthodox women interpret the men’s death a little differently than the rest of us.
34) 14) dialog: What are you suggesting, that the only way to protect peace in our time is to invent a war? What the hell kind of plan is that? Alter smiles a little Mona Lisa grin.
40) 21) dialog: We might have a hit, Alter. Sixty clicks due south. Girls in the listening stations back home are reporting a lot of chatter about a twenty-something male washing ashore in a little town called Marrisville.
40) 23) dialog: Actually, we should probably send as many choppers as we can now.
40) 25) dialog: That’s not my concern, Lieutenant- General. I’m worried about who these women happen to be... EXT. SONIA’S HOME -- EVENING Back at Sonia’s place, Yorick’s new friend escorts him outside. She introduces him to the town, which stares at this last man with a mixture of disbelief and mistrust.
45) 7) dialog: Alter, North Team is dead. One of our snipers saw their chopper being stolen. She thinks she caught a glimpse of a black woman behind the controls. Alter looks at Rachel in stunned silence for a moment.
52) 3) dialog: What now? We just take up position here and wait for the boy to come to us?
52) 5) dialog: Have you seen Citizen Kane? Alter just stares at her blankly. INT. DR. MANN’S LABORATORY - NIGHT Open on an image of Y-SHAPED PROTEINS as seen through an incredibly powerful microscope.
57) 0) text: Just outside Beth’s makeshift prison, Alter and Rachel ar surveying troop movements from the castle’s GRAND BALCONY
57) 1) dialog: Yorick’s not coming for her, Alter. He could have any woman he wanted!
60) 0) text: Rachel inspects the car through BINOCULARS, as Alter give orders over a BULLHORN.
60) 1) dialog: He’s not alone. Looks like at least two others in there, but snipers won’t be able to get a clear shot at them while the top is up. A Trojan Horse?
60) 3) dialog: Ah, Alter? An annoyed Alter lowers her megaphone.
60) 5) dialog: Forget the horse... they brought the fucking cavalry.
64) 0) text: Alter and Rachel are still on their high-ground perch overlooking this face-off. 98
64) 2) dialog: The enemy of our enemy...?
72) 0) text: Back on the balcony, Rachel watches the battle with disgu
72) 1) dialog: By the time we kill the last of these maniacs, they’1l have wiped out half our platoon. We have to stop this! Cut over to Alter, as she opens a crate of GAS GRENADES.
72) 3) dialog: Fentanyl? No, the gas is too unpredictable. When the Russians used it on those Chechen women--
72) 5) dialog: But if the wind carries a strong enough concentration our girls’ way, they could be paralyzed or worse. We have to call them back first!
72) 8) dialog: Put it down, Lieutenant-General. Alter slowly lowers the riot gun.
72) 10) dialog: I should have done this back in Tel Aviv. You’re a disgrace to our country and our-- With a flick of the wrist, Alter produces a DAGGER WITH A PEARL HANDLE. She steps forward and quickly PLUNGES it in Rachel’s heart. She stares into the girl’s eyes as Rachel’s pupils become still and black.