0) 8) dialog: What's going on?  "Guilty"!  What is this?
0) 10) dialog: Bail, for Chrissake!  I'm innocent! The JUDGE gavels for order as BERNIE slips DONNA's "light wallet back into her attache case unseen.
1) 0) text: BERNIE and DONNA are hurrying along the crowded corridor the courtroom.
1) 1) dialog: "Anticipation of incarceration"?
1) 4) dialog: I know what he means.  I'm not a prison kinda guy, Miss O'Day.  I'm a goddamn working man for Chrissake!  Maybe I "augment" my income a little with some "business deals," maybe summa the guys I sell to are crooks, how would I know, I'm not an investigator.  You can't make it on a wage no more, not in this country.
1) 6) dialog: He gives a good report and I walk?
1) 9) dialog: Yeah, I been calling in sick.  They think I got the flu.
1) 11) dialog: A son, yeah.  What about him?  Joey.
1) 13) dialog: Involved!  Christ!  She attached my goddamn paycheck!  Child support. Why do you think I can't afford a lawyer? (then...)
1) 16) dialog: Often, uh.
1) 18) dialog: Uh, his birthday, uh, May.  I think.
1) 20) dialog: (beat... beat... beat...)
1) 25) dialog: Some of it.  Right here.  I got some of it.  I'll get the rest as soon as I can. BERNIE pulls out the crumpled bills he took from Donna's and hands them to her.
1) 27) text: I know things are difficult for you, Mister LaPlante.  I don't want to take your last dime... BERNIE is already reaching for a twenty.
1) 28) dialog: Right.  I better keep some if I'm gonna see the kid.  For gas and stuff. Then, unable to resist the chance, he snatches another.
2) 0) text: A LION lies glumly in his cage, staring balefully through bars at BERNIE who stares balefully back, contemplating t bars.  At BERNIE'S side is a ten year old boy, JOEY, whos scrubbed appearance is in sharp contrast to BERNIE'S rump slightly soiled look.
2) 3) dialog: Yeah, yeah, something like that.
3) 0) text: BERNIE and JOEY facing each other in a booth, eating burg
3) 1) dialog: This guy, this "friend" your mother's seeing, he's a fireman, huh?  He ever... spend the night, whatsisname?
3) 3) dialog: Oh yeah?  A hero, huh? (a beat, then...)
3) 6) dialog: It was this war.  Viet Nam.  Doesn't matter.
3) 8) dialog: You never saw that picture, huh?
3) 10) dialog: Me in my uniform.  Used to be on the bookcase.
4) 0) text: Deserted except for BERNIE and JOEY side by side at the u BERNIE glances at JOEY.
4) 1) dialog: Whatcha gotta do there, buddy, is ya gotta get in close so ya don't piss on yer shoes. It don't matter now cause you're wearin' them sneakers but the time's gonna come when you're gonna be wearin' good shoes, expensive ones, and you don't wanna piss on them, you wanna protect 'em.  From piss, from tough guys, from everything. -- ALTERNATE VERSION --
4) 2) dialog: What I don't like about public restrooms is how you're always standing in piss.  It don't matter to you, you got those sneakers but I'm standing in piss in very expensive shoes.  It's a breakdown in custodial services. JOEY steals a glance at BERNIE, sees him "shake it off" a up.  JOEY does likewise.
4) 4) dialog: I'm working on that.  It's just I got some business problems and... whatsa matter? JOEY is heading for one of the stalls.  He reaches undern and pulls out a wallet.
5) 0) text: BERNIE and JOEY exit the Men's Room and head for the door the parking lot, BERNIE explaining...
5) 1) dialog: You give it to the manager, he pockets the dough, throws the wallet away.  Most people who work in supervisory positions... I'm not saying all... are crooks. JOEY casts a hasty glance at TEENAGER who's wearing the Manager Badge.  The youth could not look more innocent if wore a halo.
6) 0) text: A BAG LADY pushing two shopping carts through the parking spots BERNIE and JOEY crossing her path...
6) 2) dialog: No way, lady, not a chance. BERNIE hurries past her, notices JOEY looking back at the miserable woman.
6) 3) dialog: You gotta resist the urge to be nice to those people, they're con artists, they take advantage of the soft heart.  A lot of 'em are financially better off than the rest of us. Arriving at an ancient, battered Toyota, BERNIE searches his keys and then fusses with the lock.
6) 4) dialog: What I'm gonna do on this wallet thing is, Monday, day after tomorrow, I'm gonna have my secretary phone this guy up from the name on his driver's license Let the guy come and get his wallet and make sure you get a reward. You deserve a reward.  You want one, doncha?  A reward?  Gwan, get in.
7) 0) text: BERNIE is at the wheel, the car is gasping, struggling.
7) 1) dialog: Whatcha gotta do, you gotta look out for number one.  It sounds harsh, but it's a goddamn (excuse the vulgarity) jungle out there, kid.  That's why you gotta keep a low profile!  Right?  A low profile! It's where you don't give nobody nothin' to shoot at, stay outta sight, be parta the woodwork, don't ever tell 'em your name, they'll use it against you. JOEY is looking for the right exit sign.  He spots it.
7) 3) dialog: (a look at Joey)
8) 0) text: BERNIE is turning onto a suburban street, checking the ho
8) 1) dialog: Listen, buddy, I'm really enjoying this relationship we got going here. I been missing out on not knowing you better.  Thing is, I got all this business stuff...
8) 3) dialog: Here we are.  Yeah, that's a possibility.  A movie.  Now you gwan in, tell your mother I got you back on time.  Point that out to her. She was always on my case for stuff like that.  She's still like that, right?
8) 6) text: I'll see ya... dad. JOEY gets out and runs toward the house.  BERNIE watches go.  Then he pulls out the wallet, thumbs the cash, glanc the credit cards.
9) 2) dialog: Some guys been looking for me, Chick?  Spanish kinda guys.
9) 4) dialog: Business thing.  Gimme a seven and seven, willya? BERNIE checks his watch, takes a seat, puts a twenty on t
9) 6) dialog: 'Cause I'm up to my ass in shit is why.  I'm broke, plus I got legal problems... Nobody was asking for me, huh? BERNIE looks around nervously, peering into the shadowy b and rear tables as CHICK puts a drink in front of him.
9) 8) dialog: My attorney, she's just outta law school, about a couple of years older than my kid, for Chrissake.
9) 10) dialog: Nine.  I think.  Maybe ten.  Yeah, ten.  Nice kid.
9) 12) dialog: I can't afford no better.  My ex, she attached my pay check for child support payments. (turning)
9) 13) text: You looking for Bernie LaPlante by any chance? A MAN who's just entered the lounge shakes his head no an for a table where he's greeted by the COCKTAIL WAITRESS.
9) 15) dialog: (thoughtful)
9) 18) dialog: (ignoring him)
9) 21) dialog: LaPlante.  Bernie LaPlante.  You the guys Bunny called, huh?
10) 0) text: Credit cards are being inspected.  ESPINOSA, seated betwe VARGAS and BERNIE, in a booth in the nearly deserted loun looks the cards over dubiously.
10) 2) dialog: Hey, he might not of reported 'em at all yet.  He might not know for a couple hours.
10) 4) dialog: Yeah, more or less.  Trust me, these are very very fresh.
13) 0) text: HORNS BLARE as a FORD VAN cuts off a CAB and squirms into parking place marked "HANDICAPPED ONLY." The side of the van reads GUMLEY'S SUPER CARPET CARE and features a cartoon logo and a phone number. BERNIE, wearing Gumley overalls, jumps out of the van and hurries up the steps to an imposing municipal building.
15) 0) text: Bernie is sitting across the desk from the stone-faced, b Probation Officer, PATRICK DUKE.
15) 1) dialog: (agitated)
15) 4) dialog: Take a look at my employment record, you got my employment record there, right?  You see any unemployment there, any welfare? I'm a taxpayer.  They eat me alive, the tax people, they got taxes on everything, taxes, taxes, taxes, and forms!  Taxes and forms so I can pay your goddamn salary, so you can sit there and write stuff, guys like me pay your wages...
15) 6) dialog: Do I hit anybody?  You see me shoot anybody?  Hey, drugs!  Do I sell drugs?  Jesus, I don't belong in prison.  I'm a family man.
15) 8) dialog: Look, I got this kid.  We got a goddamn relationship!  I'm takin' him to a movie tonight!  He worships me.  If I go down what's this do to my son?  I'm his goddamn role model for Christ sake! DUKE looks up at the "family man's" plaintive look.  Then Bernie ruins it.
15) 9) dialog: Listen, if I coulda afforded an experienced attorney, I woulda walked.  It was a shitty case, very circumstantial.  You gonna send me downstate for having an inexperienced lawyer?  How you gonna feel about the system if you do that? The brief flash of mercy is gone from DUKE'S eyes, replac with a hard glitter.  BERNIE has just shot himself in the foot.
17) 0) text: WINSTON, fifty and fat, is scowling at the image on the T screen in BERNIE'S spartan and tasteless three room apart BERNIE grabs the remote from WINSTON'S pudgy hands.
17) 1) dialog: Chrissake!  Homeless people are supposed to have shitty skin tones. Look! BERNIE points the remote at the screen...
18) 1) dialog: There you go!  Skin tones!  Listen, you gotta fish or cut bait.  I wouldn't even do this if I didn't have these legal problems.  Two fifty.  That's it.  I gotta get outta here, I gotta take my kid to the movies tonight, I'm late. WINSTON stares at the lithe thighs ON THE SCREEN as BERNI starts rummaging urgently in his closet.
18) 3) dialog: Two hundred!  How about a jacket? Wanna buy me a jacket?
22) 0) text: Rain comes down in curtains as BERNIE'S Toyota chugs and through curtains of water.
22) 1) text: BERNIE is at the wheel, trying to see through the rain sw windshield.  He's talking to himself as he drives...
22) 2) dialog: I know why it's raining.  I coulda predicted this.  It's raining because my wipers are fucked up. If my wipers were okay, the fucking sun would be shining right now. At night!
24) 0) text: Looking for exit signs, BERNIE can barely see through the of rain that his malfunctioning wipers do little to clear Suddenly a sign looms into view and disappears before he read it.
24) 1) dialog: Damn!
26) 0) text: Pulling off the freeway, BERNIE peers at the signs that g him as he slows to a stop at the foot of the exit. Unable to read them through the windshield he has to open door and stand in the rain. Even then, the sign is obscured by torrents of rain.
28) 0) text: Back at the wheel, BERNIE is turning right onto an unlit highway, his single headlight stabbing weakly at the stor while his useless wipers clatter loudly and the engine ch farts... misses.
28) 1) dialog: I'm late already!  Don't quit on me now, for Chrissake!  This ain't the time! The engine struggles, continues.
28) 2) dialog: Come on, come on ! The engine surges to life again... then begins to throb w downright vigor. BERNIE frowns.  It's getting louder. AND LOUDER!  AND LOUDER!  IT'S ROARING. BERNIE'S eyes bug with the realization that either he's a to take off... OR THAT ISN'T HIS ENGINE THUNDERING, THUND A great shadow blurs in the rain ahead. BERNIE brakes hard, skidding, sliding wildly.
28) 4) dialog: Now what?
29) 0) text: BERNIE gets out of his car.  Everything is spooky quiet. The tail section of a huge aircraft blocks the road direc in front of Bernie's car.  He skidded to a stop two feet of ramming the twenty-five foot high vertical fin.  The r of the craft is sprawled off the low bridge and into the lost for the most part in the darkness. Suddenly, a VOICE calls out... from somewhere forward alo fuselage.
29) 3) dialog: Whatsa problem, pal?
30) 0) text: BERNIE is climbing cautiously down the undercarriage of t bridge toward the water, as OTHER VOICES callout from the twisted fuselage.
30) 1) dialog: Hold on there, hold on there.  Just a minute. BERNIE is awkward and... very careful... climbing down, n brave or dashing.  He doesn't notice that, behind him, wh the plane is corkscrewed through the bridge a BOUQUET OF FLAMES IS BLOSSOMING IN THE FUSELAGE OF THE JET.
32) 0) text: Having reached the riverbank, BERNIE is reluctant to step the water.  He hesitates, then he takes off his shoes, lo in the darkness for a place to leave them.
32) 2) dialog: Hold on, buddy.  I got hundred dollar shoes here. More cries.  BERNIE steps cautiously into the water.  Up ankles.  Deeper. BERNIE wades along the huge fuselage, toward the VOICES, stumbling, landing on all fours in the water.
32) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ! Struggling to his feet, hands muddy, he blunders toward t Emergency Exit and finds it canted into the water, jammed the mud so that it only opens a crack. MR. BROWN is wedged in the crack, trying to force the doo without success.  Glimpsing BERNIE'S hands in the crack, pleads.
32) 6) dialog: Whaddaya (grunt) think I'm (grunt) doing? Reluctantly BERNIE digs his feet into the mud, puts his s into the door and shoves with all his might.  Because he better angle on the door and better purchase, he's actual to move it several inches.
32) 9) dialog: (grunting with effort)
32) 12) dialog: I'm... pushing... it... asshole!
34) 0) text: BERNIE gives a great heave and goes down in the river fac first. He's opened the door just wide enough for MR. BROWN to sq through the narrow opening, then pull MRS. BROWN through. BERNIE, sputtering, is trying to get to his feet when the knock him down again in their frantic rush to get as far from the burning plane as they can. As BERNIE struggles to his feet yet again, more PASSENGER oozing out the door.  They brush him aside, splashing tow river bank, while orange flames are flickering wildly now the tail section.
36) 0) text: BERNIE'S face is smeared with mud!  He staggers out of th in the flicker of firelight and starts searching for his on the muddy riverbank.
36) 2) dialog: You gonna bUy me a new pair a shoes, pal? The sound of approaching SIRENS cuts through the rainy ni
38) 0) text: Muttering curses, BERNIE is floundering around on the riv when a hand clutches at his sleeve. BERNIE whirls, his face a mask of mud.  Finds himself fac RICHIE.
38) 3) dialog: In there?  Listen, kid, the cops are coming... and the firemen. They, uh, they got equipment and stuff for this kindathing, they're, uh, experts. The sound of SIRENS, still.  a ways off.  RICHIE clutches BERNIE.
38) 5) dialog: Where is he?
38) 7) dialog: I know he's inside.  Which way? What's his name?
39) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ! The light is in a hand!  He reaches again, snatches the l and points it revealing FREDDY, the other Flight Attendan lying semiconscious on the floor, bloody, GROANING. BERNIE hesitates.  Then he leans down, still gripping the and half hauls FREDDY toward the nearby exit where LESLIE supervising PASSENGERS.
39) 3) dialog: Hey, somebody, grab him, willya? Help this guy, willya, goddamnit! A MAN reluctantly turns and, with the help of LESLIE they to shove FREDDY out the exit.  LESLIE instructs the MAN..
40) 0) text: BERNIE is struggling aft, up the steep slope of the nose- plane, coughing and cursing in the dark, calling out...
40) 1) dialog: 
40) 5) dialog: FLETCHER!  HEY (cough cough) HEY,
40) 9) dialog: Fletcher? Pans the light down.
40) 10) dialog: Shit! A woman!  GALE.  Semiconscious, in pain, she opens her ey
40) 15) dialog: Yeah, sure.  I think. BERNIE puts down the light and struggles her leg loose wh GALE groans in pain.  Her head is near the floor lights, eyes open. For a moment BERNIE'S face passes through the stationary of the flashlight and GALE gets a glimpse of a smoky, mud leaning close to her...AN OBSCURE VISION!
40) 16) dialog: Okay, lady.  You gotta make an effort here.  I don't happen to be a goddamn bodybuilder. BERNIE retrieves the flashlight lying near her purse.  It of her line of vision, behind her head.  He only hesitate half a second before his hand shoots out for the purse, c it under his jacket, and gets to his feet.
41) 2) dialog: Gimme a (cough cough) hand, willya, honey?
42) 0) text: SIRENS scream and lights FLASH as more Emergency Vehicles the ones already parked close to the bridge at a safe dis from the burning tail of the plane.  A FIRE CAPTAIN shout that piece-a junk" at three FIREMEN who are already pushi BERNIE'S Toyota off the bridge and away from the airplane a confusion of PARAMEDICS and POLICE hurry to the aid of PASSENGERS in torn and bloody clothing. FIREMEN train hoses on the fiery tail of the plane while FIRE CAPTAIN shouts...
43) 0) text: LESLIE and BERNIE are awkwardly pushing GALE'S limp body the exit to a FIREMAN, DENTON in an asbestos suit just ou
43) 2) text: You too, miss!  Right away! LESLIE turns to BERNIE.
44) 0) text: Coughing and choking BERNIE struggles through the cabin, light nearly useless now.
44) 3) dialog: Where the (cough cough) hell are ya, buddy?
44) 5) dialog: Fletcher, right? The MAN cries out in pain as BERNIE half drags him over s
44) 7) dialog: You're not Fletcher? BERNIE lets him go.
44) 9) dialog: I'm looking for Fletcher!  HEY,
44) 11) dialog: Shit! BANG!  BANG!  BERNIE bangs the flashlight against a seat.
44) 14) dialog: Don't count yer chickens here, Smith.  I can't see shit.
45) 9) dialog: I gat this guy, you go get the guy who's still in there. FIREMAN DENTON is lifting SMITH bodily.
45) 11) dialog: You're not goin' in?  There's a guy in there!  You got a fucking suit.
46) 0) text: FIREMAN DENTON is staggering up the slope carrying SMITH he glances back. He sees BERNIE poking around at the edge of the riverbank
46) 5) dialog: 
47) 0) text: BOOOOOOOOOOM!  BERNIE is knocked backward by a tremendous explosion.  Suddenly he's sitting in the mud, the night a him bright with flames.
47) 1) dialog: Holy shit! Then he's running, clutching one shoe, no longer worried about the other...
49) 0) text: BERNIE stands on the riverbank in the pouring rain and lo back at the burning plane.  He shakes his head sadly, ima FLETCHER in the inferno.
49) 1) dialog: Sorry, pal.  Woooo!  What a way to go!
50) 15) dialog: wearing only one shoe he limps right past CHUCKY and CONK unnoticed in the confusion of FIREMEN, PARAMEDICS, and SURVIVORS.
50) 17) dialog: reacting with sudden horror at something he sees.
50) 19) dialog: Christ!  My car!  Where's my car? BERNIE moans mournfully and suddenly a STATE POLICE OFFIC is at his side.
50) 21) dialog: Huh?  Hurt?  What? BERNIE is urgently concerned with the purse poorly concea under his jacket.
50) 23) dialog: (pulling away)
50) 24) text: Hey, I don't need no ambulance. I'm just looking for my car... It musta burned up or something. The purse is visible though the OFFICER hasn't yet notice He's patronizing BERNIE, insisting.
50) 28) dialog: Limping up to his car, wiping the foam off the windshield
50) 29) dialog: This shit has gotta be great for the paint job!
51) 1) text: BERNIE is getting out of his Toyota in the glow of a streetlight.  It's still raining.  BERIE is soaking wet, wiping off his face.  He trudges toward the house wearing one shoe.
52) 2) dialog: You are not gonna believe this, Evelyn!  Absolutely fantastic!  I'm on my way --
52) 4) dialog: Ev, it's not my fault!  I'm trying to tell you this incredible --
52) 6) dialog: Is he here, your friend.  The fireman?
52) 8) dialog: Why doncha let me in so we don't wake everybody in the neighborhood?
53) 0) text: Suburban.  Inexpensive furniture.  EVELYN and BERNIE rant
53) 1) dialog: Willya lemme talk for Chrissake? I'm trying to tell you what happened.  What happened is...
53) 5) dialog: That's what I'm trying to... to... okay, nevermind.  Just lemme talk to Joey to... to apologize.
53) 7) dialog: "Elliot"?  The heroic goddamn fireman?
53) 9) dialog: Three weeks, Ev.  I didn't tell him I killed anybody...
53) 11) dialog: The homeless!
53) 15) dialog: Listen, it's important, Ev, I gotta see him, I got my reasons, very goddamn important...
53) 17) dialog: I was giving him some advice is all. Preparing him for life.  You don't want him to grow up soft, Ev        , it's tough out there, it's a goddamn jungle.
53) 19) text: Back to the jungle, Bernie.  Good night.
54) 0) text: BERNIE steps out and the door slams hard behind him.  He sighs, starts toward his car...
55) 0) text: As BERNIE gets in the car he notices the purse sticking o under the passenger seat where he hid it.  He reaches dow takes the purse, rummages in it, pulls out the Silver Mik glances at it, might be worth something, pockets it moves to the wallet, the credit cards, the cash... some hundred fifties', twenties...
57) 0) text: The door opens and EVELYN stands there scowling. BERNIE holds out a twenty dollar bill.
57) 1) dialog: Sorry, Ev, to bother you again. This is for Joey, his reward... for this wallet he found.  When I, uh , returned it I told the guy he hadda give my kid something for finding it, for the honesty.  So the kid would learn how honestly pays. Eyes meet.  She doesn't believe it for a moment and he kn it.
57) 2) dialog: Just give it to him, okay, Ev?
58) 0) text: An AIRHORN BLARES, a truck thunders past BERNIE, who's pu his Toyota to the side of the road, steering one-handed f outside.
59) 0) text: A blonde GIRL tosses an empty beer can from the window of speeding car full of laughing TEENAGERS. The can clatters to the road beside BERNIE who lowers his "hitch-hiking thumb" as the car speeds off leaving him al
61) 0) text: BERNIE is sitting on bare springs and tatters of upholste the passenger seat, muddy, rumpled, weary...
61) 1) dialog: (continuing)
61) 2) text: Couldn't see a fucking foot in front of me, smoke... then booooom!  It explodes!  I could be dead! JOHN BUBBER is at the wheel, a shabbily dressed, tired, h man.  He gives BERNIE a look.  Should he believe?
61) 4) dialog: Nah, I fucked it up.  I was tryin' to impress this kid, don't ask me why.  I was gonna rescue his old man, but I couldn't find the poor bastard.  He musta blew up. (then...)
61) 8) dialog: Try stupid. BUBBER brakes for traffic and a cardboard box from the ba hits BERNIE and cascades crushed cans all over him.
61) 10) text: A lot of people would say that's what heroism is... stupidity.  Doing something that if you thought about it, you wouldn't do it, it's not in your...  interest. BERNIE indicates the clutter of cans.
61) 11) dialog: You got a drinking problem or what?
61) 13) dialog: (considering the back seat)
61) 16) dialog: Down on my luck!  Hey, I toldja, a goddamn plane fell on me outta the sky.  In America, for Chrissake! See this shoe!  Hundred dollar pair of shoes.  One shoe! BUBBER glances at the shoe BERNIE'S waving.
61) 18) dialog: One leg!  Like the Red Cross or something?
61) 20) dialog: Sell it to him.  You get a couple bucks, it pays for the ride. (a beat, then...)
61) 23) dialog: Hey, do I look crazy?  I don't go for that shit... interviews, media. They're manipulators.  "Keep a low profile," that's my motto.
66) 4) dialog: Bill, I...
66) 9) dialog: 
66) 20) dialog: Bill, I got some legal problems and I...
66) 24) dialog: Bill, listen...
66) 30) dialog: Bill, I got financial problems and...
67) 0) text: BERNIE is trudging wearily up the busy sidewalk, dirty, t and shoeless, BERNIE doesn't notice BUBBER staring in the of an electronics store where dozens of television screen the burning fuselage of Flight 104.
69) 0) text: Disheveled, in stocking feet, BERNIE trudges wearily up t front steps of the shabby apartment house where he lives, enters.
71) 0) text: The door opens and BERNIE enters.  He pulls the contents GALE'S wallet from his pocket and tosses them on a table. plastic windows full of credit cards and cash.  Then he p off his jacket, ruefully inspecting a tear in the muddy s He's about to toss it on the ratty sofa when he notices i funny.  He reaches in another pocket and pulls out the Si Mike Award, considers it for a moment.  What's it worth? Sitting on the sofa, he leans back... and starts to doze
74) 0) text: UUUUHHHHOOOOOOOW!  BERNIE snores loudly, asleep on his so still in his rumpled, torn clothes.  He SNORES again.
77) 15) text: Your father is Bernie LaPlante, Joey.  It's against his religion to stick his neck out.
78) 0) text: Washing glasses behind the bar, CHICK is watching the sam on the TV over the bar when he turns to see BERNIE enter (wearing a brand new pair of cheap running shoes.)
78) 2) dialog: You don't wanna know, Chick, you don't wanna know.  Those guys been in here?
78) 5) dialog: You couldn't have a problem, Chick, because I personally have got them all.  I cornered the whole goddamn market.  You wouldn't believe... Oh, how ya doin'...? ESPINOSA and VARGAS have entered the bar. They have anoth with them, MENDOZA.
78) 7) dialog: Excuse me here, Chick, I gotta do these guys a little favor.
79) 9) dialog: (distracted)
80) 4) dialog: Hey, this is bullshit!  Do you guys know who I am?  You know where I got the goddamn plastic?  I got a million bucks coming.  I'm the guy who...
80) 8) dialog: 
80) 12) text: Newspapers roll off the presses one after another. THE TIMES features "The Image" with a headline over the f scene trumpeting "AN ANGEL FOR FLIGHT 104?" THE MIRROR is tighter on the image featuring an enlargeme the silhouette of Bernie with a headline asking "WHO IS H THE HERALD features a full page photo of the single muddy with a headline supered over it announcing "SEARCH FOR MR
84) 6) dialog: (whispering)
84) 9) dialog: Twenty-five grand is peanuts!  All you gotta do is get me outta here long enough to collect.
84) 11) dialog: Your honor, my attorney here says the prosecutor there wants twenty-five grand bail... DONNA looks horrified, the JUDGE furious...
84) 13) dialog: (continuing grandly)
84) 14) text: --which is fine by me.  I got no problem with that at all. In fact, your honor, I'd be proud to double it.  Fifty grand!  A tip for "the people," your honor, if I could just... GOINES is banging his gavel angrily, glaring at BERNIE, n noticing a SECOND BAILIFF hurry into the courtroom.
86) 0) text: Seeing BUBBER'S honest face on the TV screen in the day r enrages BERNIE...
86) 1) dialog: The guy's a fake, for Chrissake! He's a goddamn homeless bum.  He ain't no here, trust me on this, buddy. PRISONERS, standing in a group under the TV turn from the to BERNIE, like "who's this asshole?"  A BIG PRISONER gla at BERNIE ominously...
88) 0) text: Surrounded by the jailhouse cacophony, BERNIE stares glum plate of shit on a shingle in front of him while close at TOUGH PRISONER snarls at ANOTHER PRISONER...
94) 0) text: BUBBER wanders into the bedroom of the fabulous suite... a daze.  He stares at BERNIE'S shoes on the floor.  He sh his head as if to clear it.
94) 5) dialog: Fifty bucks says the asshole was never even in Vietnam.
95) 0) text: BERNIE is furious, glaring at the TV, surrounded by PRISO
97) 0) text: ...And BERNIE LAPLANTE'S FACE.  He's glaring at the scree the Day Room of the Jail, sputtering helplessly...
97) 1) dialog: We're all heroes, huh?  Asshole! Just then a GUARD enters the Day Room and belows...
97) 4) dialog: Me?
101) 0) text: BERNIE charging through the crowded Waiting Room having j been released on bail.  He doesn't actually shove the WOM CHILDREN waiting to visit inmates out of the way, but he slow down either as he weaves rapidly among them with DON his heels, barely able to keep pace.  He doesn't look bac he speaks rapid-fire.  He's really pissed.
101) 1) dialog: Whaddaya mean they didn't reduce the bail?  If they didn't reduce it, how'dja spring me?
101) 4) dialog: (actually stops, faces her)
101) 7) dialog: (apoplectic)
101) 10) text: Well, as you like to point out, Mister LaPlante, I'm relatively inexperienced.  My naivete may have worked to your benefit in this instance. BERNIE frowns at that, starts walking again.
101) 11) dialog: Well, you're right, I'm glad you got me out, I appreciate that. BERNIE charges out the door, exiting the building with DO right behind him.
102) 0) text: Hurrying down the steps, BERNIE barks over his shoulder a DONNA.
102) 1) dialog: Listen, now that I owe you twenty-five hundred bucks plus, how about loaning me twenty for cab fare?
102) 3) dialog: Hey, you could call me "Bernie," forget the "Mister LaPlante" stuff. (seeing Donna open her wallet)
102) 6) dialog: 
102) 10) dialog: I seen on the TV where that do-gooder asshole's gonna go visit sick kids at three-thirty. (to the Cabbie)
102) 13) text: You mean John Bubber? BERNIE speaks out the window of the cab as it pulls away.
102) 14) dialog: (then, through the window)
103) 0) text: Limos are parked out front of the hospital and there is a gathering of TV vans as BERNIE exits a cab and charges to the entrance of the hospital, a tiny figure dwarfed by th building.  He disappears inside.
104) 0) text: We discover BERNIE wandering around, lost.  A NURSE gives a glance in passing and BERNIE suddenly is aware that his appearance is unusual.  Disheveled.  Unshaven.  He tries smooth his hair a little as he turns into a doorway.
105) 0) text: Stepping through the door BERNIE is immediately horror st Rows of beds.  A room full of seriously SICK CHILDREN.  P Eyes out of sync.  Motor disorders, spasms.  Terrifying paraphenalia...  tubes, machines, monitors, bags of fluid place of sUffering.  To BERNIE it's a vision of a leper c A SEVEN YEAR OLD spots him, clutches at him with clawlike jerky movements. BERNIE recoils in horror, backing away. A FIVE YEAR OLD, "blinded" by the gauze wrapped around hi "looks" toward BERNIE and speaks.
105) 4) dialog: Uh, well I... what I... Looks "wrong," acts "wrong."  Looks like a child molester
105) 7) dialog: remembering why he's here.  It's not going to be as easy thought.  He starts to move through the entourage looking out of place.
105) 8) dialog: Excuse me, pal.  Uh, couldja lemmee through here?  Thanks I... THE SECURITY OFFICER is suddenly between BERNIE and his destination.
105) 10) dialog: Press pass?  Uh, hey, I lost it. Listen...
105) 12) dialog: (O.S., diminishing)
105) 15) dialog: 
105) 21) dialog: A solitary figure.
107) 0) text: A CROWD is waiting for BUBBER, MEDIA PERSONNEL among them BERNIE comes up behind a TV CAMERAMAN and taps his should
107) 1) dialog: Hey, buddy, you're with the media, right?  I got a story for you. Something fantastic.  That guy Bubber, he's a fake, he... THE CAMERAMAN is turning to consider BERNIE when there's sudden EXCITEMENT.  The CROWD surges toward the hospital entrance.  VOICES cry out "He's coming!  Here he comes!" THE CAMERAMAN turns toward the doors leaving BERNIE helpl caught in a surging tide of people.
107) 2) dialog: 
109) 0) text: BERNIE is being tossed about like a cork in stormy seas. Buffeted about by happy ONLOOKERS full of good will, only is surly, obnoxious.
109) 1) dialog: Quit shovin', lady.  Hey, watch yer elbow.  YOU'RE ALL NUTS FOR CRYING
110) 0) text: As the door slams shut, the cheering is suddenly faint. sinks back in the opulent seats while FACES distort thems against the smoked glass, trying to peer into the sanctua Then, as the limo pulls away, BUBBER hears the VOICE agai muffled by the thick glass.  He turns, looks out the rear window.  He sees the CROWD receding behind him, a confusi SPECTATORS and... is that that hitchhiker (BERNIE) being restrained by a COP?
111) 0) text: As the happy CROWD disperses, an enraged BERNIE is facing
111) 1) dialog: Don't tell me what I can and can't say.  This is America.
111) 4) dialog: Bullshit!  What a lotta bullshit!
111) 7) dialog: blinking, as the T-shirts magically feature BUBBER again, smiling, heroic.  BERNIE wonders if this is hell.
112) 0) text: Behind the deserted bar, CHICK looks from the TV set as B enters, weary and bedraggled, the strut gone.  Bernie hol his hands defensively.
112) 1) dialog: Hey, I don't blame you for bein' sore.  I know I screwed up gettin' busted in here.  You got a right to throw me out.
112) 3) dialog: Thanks, Chick.  I appreciate it.
116) 0) text: BERNIE is sitting moodily at the bar while CHICK washes g and the TV DRONES.  BERNIE is wrestling with a thought. breaks the, silence finally.
116) 1) dialog: What wouldja say if I toldja I ran into a burning plane an' saved a buncha people, Chick, an' risked my goddamnlife?
116) 3) dialog: Yeah, like that.  Same thing.
116) 5) dialog: I mean, if I said it, wouldja believe me? (then...)
116) 8) dialog: Nothin'.
116) 10) dialog: The thing is, Chick.  I'm goin' down.
116) 12) dialog: Not jail.  Prison.  And not that credit card bullshit, that's nothin'.  I got a conviction. Sentencing tomorrow.  Some cases of paint I got involved with. Latex.  I see this parole officer, he writes a report to the judge says I'm "anti-social."
116) 14) dialog: (grimly)
120) 0) text: BERNIE is talking into the phone urgently...
120) 1) dialog: Look, I'm going away, I just wanna say goodbye to... never mind where. I just wanna say... He can't call me back later, my phone's disconnected...
122) 1) dialog: Hey, Joey, how ya doin', pal, it's me.  Your old man.  You get the twenty dollars?  What? (listens...)
124) 1) dialog: Ev, you gotta understand, it's this...  this goddamn business trip, no wait, don't hang up, Ev, just a sec, listen, I just wanna say one thing, okay?  One thing! (with some effort)
124) 2) text: I know I kinda act like an asshole sometimes.  I know that.  I know you were a good wife.  I know I fucked it up.  I had a good thing an' I blew it.  I just want you to know I know that, okay?  I gotta go now.  Business trip.  It's gonna be a while. BERNIE hangs up.
125) 0) text: EVELYN stares at the phone as though it had changed into of fruit before her eyes!  Bernie said that?
126) 0) text: WINSTON (who bought Bernie's TV) has opened his door just crack to address GALE and CHUCKY.  It says "Manager" on t
129) 0) text: WINSTON, GALE and CHUCKY enter the tiny charmless living As WINSTON disappears into the bedroom; GALE glances arou notices something. A cheap commercial photo of BERNIE with JOEY at the zoo. Studying it, she considers BERNIE'S face. WINSTON re-enters from the bedroom.
129) 18) dialog: Who the hell are you?  What's goin' on here? BERNIE is standing in the doorway, scowling at CHUCKY.  B before the astonished CHUCKY can respond, GALE turns, rev her face.
129) 19) dialog: You!
129) 21) dialog: (indicating chucky)
129) 25) dialog: How do ya think I got it, for Chrissake? (to Chucky, indicating the vidpak)
130) 0) text: Where GALE, flanked by BERNIE, CHUCKY, and WINSTON, is st in horror at the lurid color image on the TV BERNIE sold WINSTON.
131) 3) text: Your phone!  Quick. As WINSTON shows her the phone, BERNIE scowls at the TV.
131) 4) dialog: He's green for Chrissake! As GALE punches digits on the phone, WINSTON turns back t BERNIE.
131) 6) dialog: You gotta tune it, ya bozo.  You gotta adjust it. BERNIE is adjusting the television color.
132) 4) dialog: Me!
132) 6) dialog: The cops!  What kinda bullshit is this?  Is this America or -- ?
132) 8) text: Here!  Here... ten, thirty, fifty bucks.  How much have you got, Chucky?  Give Mister LaPlante your money. GALE shoves cash into BERNIE'S hands as CHUCKY obediently reaches for his wallet.
132) 10) dialog: (pocketing the cash)
134) 0) text: CHUCKY is at the wheel of the van, GALE beside him.  BERN back in the confusion of equipment and monitors that show news coverage of Bubber on the ledge.  BERNIE is addressi indignantly, trying to be heard over the SCREAMING of the SIRENS.
134) 1) dialog: My fault!  My fault!  This nut case goes out on a ledge and it's my fault?
134) 3) dialog: What, is everybody in love with this, bozo?  I don't get this.  What about...?
134) 5) dialog: "Harassed."  Cause I yelled at him when he's riding in his limo?  The guy's a thief, he took my...
134) 8) dialog: (stung)
134) 12) dialog: -- saved your...  whaaaaaaat?  What? Blackmailing...?
134) 14) dialog: Underbelly!
134) 18) text: And sold it to Mister LaPlante, the fence, who's now trying to blackmail poor John. BERNIE is too stunned to speak.
134) 21) text: Because he was a real hero, Chucky. He was acting out of a deep instinctive decency, not out of some ego thing.  He didn't expect the media to lionize him.  He didn't expect a million dollar reward. He saved fifty-four people because something inside him, some fundamental love for his fellow man, made him rush into that plane when "good sense" told him otherwise. He was willing to settle for some credit cards he sold to LaPlante.... (to Bernie)
134) 22) text: For how much, LaPlante?  A couple of bucks?  Did you give him enough for a decent meal? BERNIE, who's been listening to the description of his ow with slack-jawed amazement, is too taken aback to answer. The van zips past dark city streets populated by DERELICT HOMELESS PEOPLE as GALE continues her emotional outpourin
134) 24) dialog: I'm going to apologize to Bubber?
134) 26) dialog: (amazed)
134) 29) dialog: (alarmed)
135) 0) text: POLICE buck the tide of the excited CROWD, making a wedge get GALE, CHUCKY, and BERNIE to the hotel entrance.  A CO BERNIE, thinking him a spectator.
137) 0) text: GALE rushes into the suite now jammed with POLICE, FIREME DIGNITARIES and heads straight for the open window, dragg BERNIE with her.  CHUCKY follows, Vidcam raised. At the window she encounters the POLICE CHIEF and a PRIES
140) 11) dialog: Hold on!  Hold on!  Lemme talk to him for Chrissake!
141) 0) text: BERNIE pushes past the astonished GALE and scrambles awkw out onto' the ledge, kicking back at the FIREMEN who grab ankles until...
142) 0) text: BUBBER stares in amazement as BERNIE emerges onto the led all fours, yelling toward him.
142) 1) dialog: Hey, Bubber, c'mere!  I gotta talk to you, buddy.
142) 3) dialog: Come on, John, don't be an asshole. I don't like heights. Hastily, BUBBER backs further from the window (and the en lying on the ledge).
143) 0) text: CHUCKY is wedged beside GALE in the window, pointing his at BERNIE'S ass.  Suddenly BERNIE sees BUBBER looking pas at the cameras and, turning awkwardly, he snaps at GALE..
143) 1) dialog: Turn that thing off!  You want him to jump? GALE and the OTHERS step back from the window hastily.
144) 0) text: BERNIE turns back to BUBBER.
144) 1) dialog: I just wanna talk with you for a minute.  Then you can jump.  You can jump twice for all I care.
144) 3) dialog: In private.  They got cameras and alla that crap in there. Microphones.
145) 1) text: CONKLIN narrates while the SHAKY CAMERA FOCUSES on BERNIE BUBBER who are continuing to argue on the ledge, BERNIE motioning for BUBBER to come closer, BUBBER resisting.
147) 0) text: Her face shows surprise at BERNIE'S courage.  Did she mis
148) 0) text: Inching forward, BERNIE is just reaching the letter BUBBE on the ledge.
148) 3) dialog: What am I, a goddamn postman?  I'm way the fuck up here, I'm scared a heights, and you want me to deliver a letter?  Put a stamp on it for Chrissake!
148) 5) dialog: I don't recall saying I didn't want a million bucks...
148) 7) dialog: I was in the can, for Chrissake.
148) 9) dialog: Jail!  Listen, Bubber... (looks down, fifteen stories)
148) 12) dialog: (sweating, trembling)
148) 13) text: I'm beginning to... be aware of that, John.  Listen, I'm not gonna do nothing heroic here, you can trust me on that, buddy.  Whaddaya say we just sit down for a while. I don't have no tricks, I'm not that smart.  You could, like, rest up for the jump. BUBBER considers the situation, relaxes, lowers himself t he's sitting beside BERNIE.  Then he helps BERNIE off his into a sitting position so they're sitting side by side o ledge.  BUBBER shakes his head sadly.
148) 15) dialog: Lighten up, John.  You think you got problems for Chrissake? BERNIE wipes the sweat from his forehead, unaware that he smearing his face with black soot from the ledge.
154) 0) text: An arc light is switched on, lighting up BERNIE'S face.
156) 0) text: Spotlights illuminate BERNIE and BUBBER as they sit on th and converse, like a couple of guys on a park bench somew oblivious to the CROWD below.
156) 3) dialog: What's the big deal?  You decided to pretend you were me.  A little moment of weakness, right?  So I sorta swiped her purse.  I got feet of clay too, bUddy.
156) 5) dialog: Right. BUBBER actually sees humor in this, but BERNIE is thinkin
156) 6) dialog: Which don't sound like such a bad goddamn idea, John.
156) 8) dialog: Well, we gotta work this thing out, John.  It's a goddamn mess an' I'm halfway to doing serious time in the joint an' the TV lady's so stuck on you she don't want it to come out you stole her purse because it might break the heart of millions. (indicating the chanting crowd below)
156) 11) dialog: Great!  You make this big goddamn mess, then ya jump.  Beautiful! Listen, John, I was there at the hospital today, I seen you with those little bastards (pardon my vulgarity).
156) 13) dialog: I'm not saying I hate sick people or anything but I hate being around them if you know what I mean.  There you go, you inspire this kid to live.  I probably woulda vomited on him.
156) 16) dialog: See what I mean?  You remember his name for Chrissake!  I mean, I remember my own kid's name... but I'm always forgetting his birthday. Plus when they stick cameras in your face and ask all these stupid questions, you smile at them.  You got a kinda...  a kinda... "gift," there, John, if ya know what I mean. People wanna be saved by you.  Even me!  If I was gonna be saved I wouldn't wanna see Bernie LaPlante comin' outta the goddamn smoke an' darkness an' fear an' stuff.  I'd wanna see John God Damn Bubber! BUBBER is moved... but still has doubts.
156) 18) dialog: You woulda gone in there, you wouldn'ta thought twice...  Trust me on that, that's the kinda guy you are.  For a guy like me, it's a momentary loss of sanity.  I wasn't thinking clearly.  Listen, I'm no hero, John.  I just want some dough and maybe a little favor. How much didja spend already on all that do-gooder bullshit?  You didn't spend it all didja?
156) 20) dialog: Bernie.  Call me Bernie.
162) 28) text: I remember when you were in the hospital, when you had the appendicitis, your father stayed all night by your bed... and he hates hospitals, always thinks he's going to catch something... and then that time when your Uncle Howard got hurt... It seems like your father is at his best in a crisis... when things go really wrong or there's some kind of emergency, your father forgets to be Bernie LaPlante and acts sort of like... a human being. There are tears in her eyes as she drives.  The RADIO con
163) 0) text: BERNIE and BUBBER are distant figures sitting on a ledge it was a park bench, sipping coffee and visibly negotiati in a pantomime.
164) 0) text: Closer now, we can hear BERNIE and BUBBER wrapping up the
164) 1) dialog: You got it?  Four year scholarship to a top college, plus Medical School or Law School or whatever Joey wants; pay off the $2,500 to my attorney, plus pay her fee in full, plus my annual consulting fee...
164) 3) dialog: (sudden thought)
164) 6) dialog: You'll tell him I talked you out of jumping, right?  Just keep me outta prison.
164) 8) dialog: That's good enough for me.  You better take that "letter" there and get rid of it. BERNIE indicates the envelope on the ledge and BUBBER sli the envelope into his pocket surreptitiously. BERNIE and BUBBER are shaking hands.  Then they start to cautiously to their feet.
165) 1) text: BERNIE and BUBBER are shaking hands.  Then they start to cautiously to their feet.
167) 0) text: BERNIE is on his feet, unsteady, terrified of the drop. BUBBER, much more graceful, not as wobbly, is speaking to
167) 2) dialog: Cause, bottom line, John, I ain't no different than all those dumb assholes down there.  We all trust you for Chrissake!  We... ANGLE ON THE DROP/BERNIE'S P.O.V. Straight down, fifteen floors.  A CROWD of "ants."  Firet Police cars, TV vans.
168) 0) text: Suddenly BERNIE starts shaking like a leaf, trying to sme body against the side of the building as he inches along narrow ledge toward the window with BUBBER right behind h
168) 1) dialog: Th-this was really dumb, coming out here.
169) 0) text: As the CROWD looks up breathlessly, WE DISCOVER EVELYN pu JOEY through the CROWD toward the hotel steps, their eyes BERNIE and BUBBER.
171) 0) text: BUBBER is steering BERNIE toward the window.
171) 3) dialog: I dunno.  It was... an impulse. Me, wearing my good shoes.
171) 5) dialog: There was this kid there saying, "Go in there and save my father, mister." And I'm thinking about my boy Joey and this goddamn fireman my wife's seeing. It was like I was supposed to save myself.
171) 7) dialog: So now you gotta wear it, you poor bastard.  Everyday you gotta be everybody's hero.  People watching you all the time.  Waiting for you to make...  a slip.  Slip up. BERNIE glances down to indicate the CROWD and... takes a misstep.
172) 0) text: A single audible gasp from the CROWD below as BERNIE, fif stories up, staggers.
173) 0) text: BERNIE struggles to regain his balance. BUBBER reaches out to help him.
173) 3) text: BUBBER'S hand on BERNIE'S shoulder.
173) 4) dialog: Sweating, pushing his foot cautiously forward.
174) 1) dialog: Wobbling unsteadily, arms flailing, falling.
174) 3) text: He sees BERNIE clutching the ledge with one hand, looking at him with pleading eyes as he dangles fifteen stories a the ground.
176) 7) text: reaching out to grab BERNIE.
180) 1) dialog: His hand slipping, his eyes full of fear.
180) 4) dialog: Looking up into BUBBER'S eyes.  Their eyes lock.
180) 9) text: Put...the...line...on...him. BUBBER leans back against the building, struggling to kee BERNIE from plummeting fifteen stories.
186) 0) text: TWO FIREMEN have almost secured a rope around BERNIE whil BUBBER continues to hang on to BERNIE, speaking to him th gritted teeth.
186) 2) dialog: (eye contact)
188) 3) text: I guess Bernie's made some mistakes.  I know I've made plenty myself.  In fact I don't know anyone who hasn't.  I think Bernie wants to be a private person and I I'm going to respect that.
189) 1) dialog: glances idly at the TV remote control... and pockets it a automatically, still watching TV.
190) 1) dialog: He raises his eyebrows.  I said that?  On impulse, he pul the remote from his pocket to return it.  He's setting it when he turns suddenly to find he's not alone.
190) 2) dialog: Hey!  How'd you get in?  Nobody's supposed to come in here! GALE has just entered the room.  Did she see his action?
190) 4) dialog: You media people, you think you can just go anywhere you want, spy on people.
190) 6) dialog: Who am I?  You're asking me?  You're the big expert for Chrissake!  I'm what?  The "Scumbag," right?  The sleazebag something or other, the blackmailer, the...
190) 9) dialog: (rattled)
190) 12) text: Mister LaPlante... Bernie... I... just for a few moments... I want to be a human being, not a reporter. I'm somebody who was going to die in a burning plane and I looked up, and some man came out of the smoke, his face smeared with mud, and soot and... and he... saved my... life. Off the record.  Was it you?  Why would you deny it if it was? Because you took my purse?  Why? BERNIE looks at GALE.  She looks very human, very real, t reporter's veneer completely gone!  He hesitates.  How ca not tell the truth at a moment like this?  He takes a dee breath...
190) 13) dialog: Lady, do I look dumb enough to run into a burning plane and save a bunch of strangers?  I ain't the type. GALE stares at him.  BERNIE tries to hold her look, darin to doubt him.  But he can't.  His eyes "run."  He's not a liar this time.  But just then CONKLIN'S VOICE on the TV Evelyn's name distracts BERNIE.
191) 2) dialog: Oh shit!  Ev!  Joey!  For Chrissake!
191) 8) dialog: TV!  Christ Almighty!  You cannot believe one word on TV!  Not one goddamn word!
191) 12) text: Bernie LaPlante is a wonderful decent human being.  Deep down. You just have to know him...
191) 14) dialog: It's all bullshit!  I swear to God!
191) 18) dialog: 
191) 23) dialog: (big love)
195) 0) text: BERNIE and JOEY appear, passing in front of the monkey ca deep in conversation...
195) 1) dialog: You remember where I said how I was gonna explain about life, buddy?  Well, the thing about life is...  it gets weird.  See people are always gonna be talking to you about "truth." Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit (pardon my vulgarity here).  Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another.  So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's your bullshit, so to speak.  You got that?
195) 4) dialog: Mmmmm.  Well, it's complicated. Maybe when you're older.  Anyhow, what I'm gonna tell you here is in strict confidence, okay?  It don't go no further.  What happened is, you remember that night I was gonna take you to the movies an' it was raining like a sonofabitch, (there's gonna be some vulgarities)..? BERNIE puts an affectionate arm around JOEY'S shoulder as NOTICE that BERNIE is wearing brand new shiny shoes very like his former good shoes, but different colors.  As he JOEY walk off, BERNIE still talking, JOEY puts an arm aro his father and an audience of MONKEYS fills the foregroun MONKEYS.