11) 2) dialog: Mister Broadman, your wife and children are on their way here as we speak.  Don't you think -- ?
11) 4) dialog: Looking down, horrified.
11) 5) dialog: Oh my god!  Chucky, tilt down. Her cameraman, CHUCKY, twenty-five, is already urgently t his vidpak as WE REVEAL that he and GALE are standing on many stories above the street.
11) 6) dialog: Did you get it? (then, doubly horrified)
11) 9) text: How about you do a wrap-up from up here?  I'll pan off that skyscraper over there, find you here, then reveal the drop. GALE looks shaken.
11) 11) dialog: (into mike)
11) 13) text: From a ledge sixty stories above the street, I'm Gale Gayley for Channel Four News.
12) 3) text: Parker, run this down to Frazier, tell him we open with it at six, eleven and at seven a.m.... PARKER is already running out the door as Gale enters.
12) 4) dialog: Hi, Chief.  You like the suicide?
12) 6) dialog: Hello, Mister Wallace.
12) 11) dialog: What're we talking about?  Reach out for what?
12) 15) dialog: I didn't say I thought we should have saved him..
12) 17) dialog: I said I wished it had at least occurred to me to consider saving him.
12) 19) dialog: It would make me feel like a human being instead of a cynical, hardbitten newswoman.  Besides it wouldn't be a bad story, would it, "Newswoman Saves Suicide?"
12) 21) dialog: You just can't bear the idea of good news.
12) 26) dialog: I haven't won it yet. (studying ticket, to Deakins)
12) 31) dialog: The story behind the story, the ugly scandal behind the falling millionaire, the dirt, you mean.
12) 33) dialog: (to Wallace)
12) 36) text: Absolutely! GALE gives DEAKINS a big grin and starts out.
16) 0) text: VIGOROUS APPLAUSE!  GALE has just received the Silver Mik Award, a tastefully small, mike-sized replica of a microp from the MASTER OF CEREMONIES.  Clutching it, she faces t applauding AUDIENCE across a podium, speaking into a real microphone.
16) 1) dialog: Thank you, very much.  I'm grateful for this.  Since you're all colleagues here, you know what kind of a team it takes... to put a story on a screen.  I don't have to explain to you how much the cameraman, the editor, the assignment editor and the news director, to mention a few did to get me this award. GALE pauses.  She reaches into her purse and pulls out an She holds it up.
16) 2) dialog: This is an onion. (dramatic pause, then...)
16) 4) dialog: (continuing)
16) 8) dialog: (continuing)
16) 11) text: we're looking for the truth! GALE considers the tiny remains of the onion in her hand. Then, she peels it down to nothing and lets it fall.
16) 12) dialog: But what if, after all our digging, after all our painstaking investigation, what if it turns out there wasn't any truth?  Just  stories!  One story after another, one layer, then another layer, until there's nothing left.  And if it's like that, do we have any. obligation to stop at any point? Or do we just keep going, digging, digging, digging, peeling, peeling, peeling, until we've peeled it all away, until we've destroyed what we were investigating in the first place?
16) 14) dialog: I'll bet all of you, like me, yearn for just one story that isn't about uncovering layer after layer of human weakness; a story that reveals with each new layer of investigation, something finer and nobler, something even... inspirational. GALE gazes soberly across the podium at the AUDIENCE.
19) 0) text: The engines drone as we look into the sparsely populated cabin of the "baby Boeing".  Among the many empty seats, FLETCHER reads a magazine while his ten year son RICHIE p a pocket video game. LESLIE SUGAR, one of the two Flight Attendants, is servin drink to Mr. Smith, a businessman while FREDDY, the other Attendant, is giving a pillow to an ELDERLY WOMAN. We DISCOVER GALE, cradling a phone to her ear while she awkwardly fishes in her purse and pulls out the Silver Mi Award.
19) 1) dialog: It's very nice actually. (reading the  inscription)
19) 2) text: "For Excellence in the Pursuit of Truth."  Uh, listen, I just wanted you to know I got a seat back on the early flight after all so... What? Reacting to what she hears on the phone, GALE overturns t purse in her lap and the contents -- wallet, comb, lipsti notepad, etc. -- spill on the floor.
19) 3) dialog: What do you mean you gave it to Conklin?  Conklin wasn't on that ledge!  Conklin wasn't...
21) 0) text: The eight-year-old, KELLY, seated next to GALE is helping pick up the contents of her purse from the floor.
21) 1) dialog: Thank you.  Very much. KELLY beams.  And GALE gives a look to KELLY'S mother SUS who's seated on the other side of KELLY.
21) 3) dialog: Thanks. GALE inserts the Visa Card in her wallet with the other c
25) 0) text: The engines drone.  The cabin is peaceful, most PASSENGER dozing or talking softly as GALE glances up from her maga sees SUSAN reading while KELLY sleeps peacefully, her hea SUSAN'S lap. PING!  The electronic tone.  Gale looks up, sees the "Fas Seat Belt" sign illuminated. GALE looks toward the dark window.  No sign of any lights No city.  No airport.  strange. The P.A. SYSTEM comes to life and the CAPTAIN'S mellifluo VOICE murmurs soothingly...
29) 9) dialog: Staggering from her seat.  WHAM!  Hand luggage slams into from an overhead rack.  As GALE goes down, a PASSENGER la on top of her catching her arm at an angle, breaking it. PASSENGER climbs off her and struggles down the slope. GALE realizes she can't get up, her leg is wedged in the framework of a seat.  PASSENGERS are climbing past her, h forward. SUSAN is fighting her way out of her canted seats, clutch the terrified KELLY to her.
29) 10) dialog: I... I can't move.  I'm caught. SUSAN glances at her and their eyes meet.  KELLY is screa SUSAN turns away from GALE and half-carries KELLY toward exit, leaving GALE alone, trapped, in pain and fear.
33) 0) text: PASSENGERS stumble over each other while a flashlight mak panicky stabs at the darkness, RICHIE cries out for FLETC to wake up, the BABY screams. Someone's trying to get out the overhead exit, others are hammering at an aft exit. GALE slumped in her seat, fades in and out of consciousne Above her, across the canted aisle, SUSAN is calling out help... Then, GALE'S eyes flicker with awareness at the s of an urgent shout...
40) 11) text: Looking up, all GALE can see is a vague vision of a muddy dimly visible in the spill of the flashlight.
40) 13) dialog: My leg's caught. BERNIE points the light toward her leg, overpans the leg, blade of light discovering her purse.  Then he corrects t back to reveal her leg wedged between two seats.
40) 14) dialog: Can you... can you get me out of here? BERNIE pans the light back to the purse again.
43) 0) text: LESLIE and BERNIE are awkwardly pushing GALE'S limp body the exit to a FIREMAN, DENTON in an asbestos suit just ou
50) 0) text: TWO PARAMEDICS are struggling with GALE who's trying to g the stretcher they're putting into an ambulance.
50) 1) dialog: I'm okay.  Please, I'm okay, I'm a reporter, I...OW!
50) 4) dialog: It's my leg.  My leg hurts... (suddenly shouting)
50) 10) dialog: This is my story, Conk.  I did the research.
50) 12) dialog: Get the Flight Attendant, the one who manned the door.  Also some guy, a passenger, pulled me out. Talk to him. Then get down to the hospital and I'll do an interview and an intro and close.  Make sure... BANG!  The PARAMEDICS slam the door behind her. CONKLIN shakes his head as CHUCKY lowers his camera and t ambulance pulls away.
63) 0) text: GALE sits up in bed in spite of an I.V. in one arm and a on the other.  There's a big bandage across the bridge of nose and her left leg is also heavily bandaged...
63) 1) dialog: I don't understand.  You can't find him? She stares incredulously at her trio of visitors, CONKLIN CHUCKY, and DEAKINS.  DEAKINS, uncomfortable outside his office, is awkwardly trying to vase a bouquet of flowers.
63) 3) dialog: You said all the passengers were accounted for...
63) 5) dialog: A paramedic?  A fireman?  He didn't have a uniform...
63) 8) dialog: A "mystery guy!"  "Not a passenger." Who?
63) 11) dialog: (incredulous)
63) 12) text: A non-passenger, non-rescue-worker went into a burning plane and pulled me out and... disappeared? GALE starts to get up, struggling with covers, I.V., etc.
64) 0) text: LESLIE looks directly into the camera as CHUCKY tapes her GALE'S shoulder.
64) 3) dialog: What did he look like?
65) 2) dialog: Did he say anything to you?
68) 0) text: CHUCKY shoots over GALE'S shoulder as she interviews FLET in his living room.
68) 1) dialog: He was asking for Mr. Fletcher...
70) 0) text: Posters, youthy icons.  CHUCKY shooting GALE interviewing
70) 2) dialog: What did the man say, Richie?
71) 0) text: The door opens and BERNIE enters.  He pulls the contents GALE'S wallet from his pocket and tosses them on a table. plastic windows full of credit cards and cash.  Then he p off his jacket, ruefully inspecting a tear in the muddy s He's about to toss it on the ratty sofa when he notices i funny.  He reaches in another pocket and pulls out the Si Mike Award, considers it for a moment.  What's it worth? Sitting on the sofa, he leans back... and starts to doze
72) 0) text: REVEAL:  GALE in an editing bay at Channel Four, peering intently at the fiery scene on the video monitor while th tape editor, JOAN, operates the controls. CONKLIN, DEAKINS, PARKER, CHUCKY flank GALE.
72) 1) dialog: There!  Right there.
73) 2) dialog: Who else?  We've accounted for everyone else.  That's our hero! She stares at "The Image."  It's powerful, stirring.
73) 7) dialog: Look at the guy!  He just saved fifty people.  Now he's going to disappear. Who is he?
74) 26) dialog: -- out of the darkness... out of the smoke and the fear... came a man with no name... no uniform... but an abundance of courage. The CAMERA ZOOMS IN SLOWLY on GALE and simultaneously DIS SLOWLY TO... "THE IMAGE".  It fills the screen as GALE na VOICEOVER...
75) 0) text: Flanked by GALE and CHUCKY, DEAKINS is watching the prece material on the monitor.
75) 6) dialog: There could be problems with something like that Mister Wallace. What if...?
76) 2) dialog: A phone check with survivors has confirmed that the shoe does not belong to any of the crew or passengers of Flight 104.  Several witnesses recall the mysterious man who saved fifty-four people referring to his missing shoe. The conclusion; the unknown hero, know to many as "The Angel of Flight 104," wears a size 10B shoe.
82) 14) text: Hey, Miss Gayley, I saved your life! Just as GALE is about to enter the TV station, PARKER cat up to her.
82) 16) dialog: What about?
82) 18) dialog: Call him back.  Ask him. (indicating the line)
82) 19) text: I'm a little...busy. GALE disappears into the TV Station.
84) 27) dialog: But finally you did come forward. Why? BUBBER looks her right in the eyes, gives a sheepish grin
85) 0) text: REVEAL GALE in an editing room looking over editor JOAN'S shoulder as JOAN freezes the image and makes a note.
85) 2) dialog: He saved my life.
85) 4) dialog: --were shocked to learn that the hero who appeared out of the smoke and the fire and pulled them to safety was indigent and tragically hadn't slept in a bed in more than three years.
87) 0) text: The office has become command-central.  REPORTERS hurry i out, tearing off faxes, answering the phones, chattering other, GALE among them.  WALLACE is fretting to DEAKINS..
87) 6) dialog: Who?
87) 8) dialog: Nobody stole my credit cards.  They burned up in the crash.  Which reminds me, did you get me cash? And what about the reservations?
89) 3) dialog: (amused and charmed)
89) 7) dialog: All the adulation?  It makes you feel like a fake, doesn't it?
89) 11) dialog: Instant celebrity is overwhelming to anybody.  You've known John Bubber all your life, you're used to him, you know you're the same human being you were before all the excitement.  So you feel like a fraud...
89) 13) dialog: ...unworthy of the adoration.  We all do. A bluehaired MATRON, extravagantly bejeweled, pauses to l over BUBBER on her way out.
89) 18) text: I knew a man like you would adore small animals.  God bless you, Mister Bubber. (to Gale)
89) 21) dialog: You're a celebrity, John.  People are going to want to please you... or use you... or both. Bubber hears this, digests it, considers it.  He takes a of food, thinking.
90) 0) text: As the door to the restaurant opens, BUBBER finds himself blinded by winking electronic flashes and sun guns.  A CR OF FANS and MEDIA engulf him and GALE.  It's overwhelming SEE EAGER FACES and BLINDING FLASHES from BUBBER'S P.O.V. HEAR the CACOPHONY OF QUESTIONS. GALE too is adrift in a churning sea of MEDIA and ONLOOKE POLICE OFFICERS move close to help guide GALE and BUBBER waiting limo. ANGLE ON BUBBER'S P.O.V. Again we see the chaos from BUBBER'S P.O.V., A POLICEMAN reaching to help him.  Just then BUBBER glimpses somethin else... beyond the CROWD in the fringes... HOMELESS PEOPL the shadows, some applauding him, too shy to come forward particular, BUBBER'S eyes fall on an ungainly MAN, his ow dressed in rags and carrying a big garbage bag and anothe sack full of cans.  IT'S A STUNNING IMAGE!  It's as thoug BUBBER is looking at himself! The door to the limo is open.  GALE and several POLICEMEN trying to get BUBBER into the limo and out of the clutche the enthusiastic CROWD.
90) 1) dialog: Come on, John. But BUBBER isn't paying attention to her.  He's turning t the eager CROWD, raising his arms.
90) 3) dialog: looking alarmed, then amazed. The CROWD is still alive and buzzing, but they're respect BUBBER'S space as he accepts an autograph book from a you woman, SYLVIA, and speaks shyly.
90) 9) dialog: watching in disbelief.
90) 12) text: -- maybe some of the rest of you could help Sylvia here -- what I'd like is if you'd scrounge up some blankets -- used ones, fifty maybe -- and take 'em to the folks down at the corner of Fifth and Grand. Pass 'em out. Cameras are rolling, GALE watches, amazed.
92) 0) text: As BUBBER and GALE cross the luxurious lobby, again the c of attention, a GORGEOUS BLONDE, very leggy, practically plasters her plunging neckline against BUBBER.
92) 3) dialog: (hackles raised)
92) 5) text: I think I'll see you to your room. A sort of bodyguard.  Make sure no harm comes to you. GALE ushers the dazed BUBBER toward a bank of elevators a prevents others from joining them in the elevator.
93) 0) text: GALE'S mood changes to amusement as she and BUBBER ascend Giggling, she "points" her chest at BUBBER.
93) 1) dialog: Uh, if you could, just, uh, support, uh, a small airfield...
93) 3) text: It's been sometime since, uh, I received any, uh, of that kind of, uh... attention.  A couple of... years. GALE stops giggling.  Their eyes meet.  A charged moment.
93) 4) dialog: Years? (then...)
93) 7) dialog: I... I know that, John...
93) 9) dialog: You did save my life!  And it's me! I'd be taking advantage of you! I'm a reporter, John, an experienced professional...  I... Inevitably they embrace, KISS, can't help themselves. BUBBER disengages suddenly, distraught.
93) 11) dialog: No, I don't have the right.  You're a news story!
93) 13) dialog: I know the truth, John.  I'm flying in some guys from your unit in Vietnam tomorrow.  Interviewing them live on network hookup!
93) 16) dialog: Goodnight, John.
95) 3) dialog: After an emotional reunion, Bubber's fellow veterans watched as station manager James Wallace presented Bubber with a check for one million dollars... Surrounded by applauding MEDIA TYPES, SPECTATORS and VETE BUBBER is accepting the check...
95) 4) dialog: As Bubber reacted to his sudden wealth, word came that the Secretary of the Army, responding to an urgent resolution from the Senate has conferred on John Bubber the Medal of Honor. This for his actions in Vietnam more than 20 years ago, heroism that was not acknowledged at the time because it was not witnessed or reported by a ranking officer.  Later I spoke to him about his sudden change in circumstances... BUBBER appears full screen, head and shoulders, interview footage.  He's shy and awkward at first... tentative... t gaining confidence as he speaks...
96) 0) text: (NOTE:  Bubber dialogue, additional or as above continues throughout scene) GALE, her editor, JOAN, DEAKINS, WALLACE, CHUCKY, PARKER, CONKLIN are crowded around the monitor staring at the scr JOAN catches GALE surreptitiously hiding a tear and whisp to her...
96) 2) dialog: He's pretty... remarkable.
96) 5) dialog: Don't be ridiculous.  I'm a reporter.
96) 7) dialog: Reporters... have to... rise above their hormones.
96) 11) dialog: I asked John Bubber about the Medal of Honor.
100) 7) dialog: He'll do it. (to Wallace)
106) 5) text: Allen, you're in the darkness there and it's scary.  The doctors are working on you but the tough part is for you.  You can't quit! GALE can't hear what BUBBER is saying as he leans even cl to ALLEN and grips the boy's hand.
106) 8) text: For me.  I... I really need you to do this for me.  I need you to get well, Allen. Did an eyelid flicker?  Did the boy hear? GALE'S eyes glisten with emotion as BUBBER rises, shaken.
108) 0) text: BUBBER and his entourage of DOCTORS, MEDIA PEOPLE and SEC GUARDS are surging toward the front door of the hospital an excited amoeba.  GALE is close to BUBBER in the crush.
108) 1) dialog: (emotional)
108) 5) dialog: Read it.  It'll be fine. They're being swept through the front door of the hospita whole amoeba.  A CHEER GOES UP.
115) 2) dialog: Now you lean down and free me from the seat.  I was caught and... that's it.  Good. BUBBER bends down, starts to "free" her, a troubled look face.  He is struggling with something emotionally.
115) 3) dialog: Now you help me up.  Boy, you seem...  taller.  It must be psychological...  now that I know you saved my life...
115) 5) text: Gale!  I can't go through with this! It's... it's all wrong!'
115) 6) dialog: You're doing fine.  You didn't actually lift me though.  It was more like you supported me.
115) 9) dialog: There, like that.  Kind of, uh, sexy. (with meaning)
115) 12) dialog: (giggle)
115) 34) dialog: (misunderstanding again)
115) 35) text: It's no big deal, it just looks better carrying me.  Oh, you mean because I wasn't carrying my purse at the time. GALE has a purse under one arm.
115) 36) dialog: (suddenly serious, eye contact)
117) 7) dialog: as DAYTON speaks to her.
118) 0) text: Credit Cards are spread out on the formica table top in t booth where GALE and DAYTON face each other.
118) 1) dialog: How... how does this, whatsisname, the "sleazebag," say he got my cards?
118) 4) dialog: (raised eyebrows)
118) 7) dialog: Tell me more about him.
126) 0) text: WINSTON (who bought Bernie's TV) has opened his door just crack to address GALE and CHUCKY.  It says "Manager" on t
126) 2) dialog: We're from Channel Four, yes.  We'd like to find --
126) 4) dialog: We couldn't find his name on the buzzer or on the mailbox, but... WINSTON pushes past them out the, door and into the corri
127) 0) text: WINSTON waddles up the stairs with GALE and CHUCKY on his
127) 1) dialog: Shouldn't we have buzzed him to let him know --
129) 0) text: WINSTON, GALE and CHUCKY enter the tiny charmless living As WINSTON disappears into the bedroom; GALE glances arou notices something. A cheap commercial photo of BERNIE with JOEY at the zoo. Studying it, she considers BERNIE'S face. WINSTON re-enters from the bedroom.
129) 2) dialog: I wonder if you'd mind if we waited for him here, Mister Winston... Surprised, CHUCKY gives her a sharp look, like "what's up
129) 5) dialog: Maybe, maybe not.  I have a feeling this guy is important somehow.
129) 7) dialog: You're lucky, Chucky, you... OW! GALE has flopped down on BERNIE'S ratty sofa.
129) 9) dialog: This sofa is a lethal weapon.  The springs... are... the springs... what...? GALE is digging behind her on the sofa.  She pulls out Th silver Mike Award and stares at it, dumbfounded.
129) 11) dialog: (stunned)
129) 14) dialog: (staring at the inscription)
129) 20) dialog: Camera, Chucky.  Are you Bernard LaPlante, sir?  What is your relationship with John Bubber?
129) 23) dialog: (holding up the Silver Mike)
129) 27) dialog: What's your scheme, Mister LaPlante? What are you forcing John Bubber to do?  What are you -- ? The door bursts open and WINSTON rushes in hysterically.
130) 0) text: Where GALE, flanked by BERNIE, CHUCKY, and WINSTON, is st in horror at the lurid color image on the TV BERNIE sold WINSTON.
131) 1) dialog: 
131) 2) dialog: (to Winston)
132) 1) dialog: speaking urgently and privately into the phone.
132) 2) dialog: For God's sake, tell him I'm on my way. (she slams down the phone)
132) 5) dialog: If you're not in the car in ten seconds, I'll have the cops pick you up.
132) 7) dialog: (urgent, inspiration)
132) 8) text: Here!  Here... ten, thirty, fifty bucks.  How much have you got, Chucky?  Give Mister LaPlante your money. GALE shoves cash into BERNIE'S hands as CHUCKY obediently reaches for his wallet.
132) 9) dialog: Come on!  Let's go!  John's in danger. Confused, BERNIE looks at the cash, then follows them out door.
134) 0) text: CHUCKY is at the wheel of the van, GALE beside him.  BERN back in the confusion of equipment and monitors that show news coverage of Bubber on the ledge.  BERNIE is addressi indignantly, trying to be heard over the SCREAMING of the SIRENS.
134) 2) dialog: If anything happens to John BUbber, Mister LaPlante I'm going to see you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
134) 4) dialog: Yes, everybody is in love with John Bubber.  The whole country, in fact. And they're not going to be happy if he jumps to his death because he was harassed by a lousy little money-grubbing low-life fence...
134) 6) dialog: (erupting)
134) 10) dialog: (interrupting)
134) 13) dialog: You think I haven't figured it out? Just because the cops aren't on to you yet doesn't mean you're home free.  I'm a veteran reporter.  I've seen your kind before, the underbelly of crime.
134) 15) dialog: In all that smoke and fire, John had a moment of weakness.  He'd been down and out, destitute, living in his car.  It was just an impulse, stealing my purse. BERNIE looks thunderstruck.  CHUCKY too.
134) 17) dialog: (a triumphant 190k at Bernie)
134) 20) dialog: (emotional)
134) 22) text: For how much, LaPlante?  A couple of bucks?  Did you give him enough for a decent meal? BERNIE, who's been listening to the description of his ow with slack-jawed amazement, is too taken aback to answer. The van zips past dark city streets populated by DERELICT HOMELESS PEOPLE as GALE continues her emotional outpourin
134) 23) dialog: All this is off the record, Chucky, because if John Bubber lives, Mister LaPlante is going to give him his assurance that there will be no more "misbehavior" on his part.  What's more he's going to apologize.
134) 25) dialog: I could deny I had those credit cards on the plane with me, LaPlante...
134) 28) dialog: Well, maybe I wouldn't lie...but I could tell the story the way I did just now, so that people could understand that John is even more of a hero, and that you... you're the lowest thing that ever crawled.  Your name will be synonymous with cynical opportunism and blackmail.  You won't get a cent.
134) 31) dialog: Well, for your child's sake, show some decency then, rise above your sleazy instincts. (a sob)
135) 0) text: POLICE buck the tide of the excited CROWD, making a wedge get GALE, CHUCKY, and BERNIE to the hotel entrance.  A CO BERNIE, thinking him a spectator.
135) 1) dialog: No!  He's with us, Officer. REPORTERS, on the fringe of the crowd, address their came
137) 0) text: GALE rushes into the suite now jammed with POLICE, FIREME DIGNITARIES and heads straight for the open window, dragg BERNIE with her.  CHUCKY follows, Vidcam raised. At the window she encounters the POLICE CHIEF and a PRIES
140) 1) dialog: John!  Don't do it!  Everything's okay. BUBBER has tears in his eyes.  He turns at the sound of G voice and sees her leaning out the window, calling to him Pulling an envelope from his pocket, BUBBER moves a coupl steps toward GALE and bends down to place the envelope on ledge.
140) 3) dialog: John, I know all about it.
140) 8) dialog: It's all right, John!  It's nothing! A little mistake.  Everybody will understand!
140) 10) dialog: No, John, you're too hard on yourself.  I've got the creep here, the guy who's... GALE breaks off as BERNIE suddenly shoulders his way to t window...
141) 0) text: BERNIE pushes past the astonished GALE and scrambles awkw out onto' the ledge, kicking back at the FIREMEN who grab ankles until...
143) 0) text: CHUCKY is wedged beside GALE in the window, pointing his at BERNIE'S ass.  Suddenly BERNIE sees BUBBER looking pas at the cameras and, turning awkwardly, he snaps at GALE..
145) 0) text: Rather than leaning out the window, GALE and OTHERS in th are following the drama on the TV monitor.
153) 0) text: GALE is giving way at the window to CHUCKY who's leaning to try and get a shot.  Jammed in by the CROWD, her view blocked, she glimpses a TV monitor nearby.
157) 6) text: Listen, Gale, I know you're emotionally involved.  Don't be emotionally involved, be professional. (listens, then...)
157) 7) text: No, Gale, you are not a hardbitten, cynical hard-ass, you just think you are.  You are a goddamn cream puff!  Try and be a hard-ass! DEAKINS hangs up the phone angrily and faces WALLACE...
165) 0) text: GALE is watching the action on a TV monitor, trying to fi out what's going on.
173) 2) dialog: Watching from the window, holding her breath.  Is it poss he's going to push BERNIE?  What an opportunity!
174) 6) dialog: watching from the window, terrified.
178) 1) dialog: reacting, head out the window...
180) 2) dialog: reacting.
187) 3) dialog: jammed among REPORTERS near the bedroom door, her eyes on BUBBER, frowning...
187) 7) dialog: glancing at the bedroom door guarded by a UNIFORMED COP.
190) 3) dialog: I snuck in.
190) 5) dialog: Listen, Mister LaPlante... uh, Bernie... Who... are... you?
190) 7) dialog: (very intense)
190) 11) dialog: (imploring)
190) 12) text: Mister LaPlante... Bernie... I... just for a few moments... I want to be a human being, not a reporter. I'm somebody who was going to die in a burning plane and I looked up, and some man came out of the smoke, his face smeared with mud, and soot and... and he... saved my... life. Off the record.  Was it you?  Why would you deny it if it was? Because you took my purse?  Why? BERNIE looks at GALE.  She looks very human, very real, t reporter's veneer completely gone!  He hesitates.  How ca not tell the truth at a moment like this?  He takes a dee breath...
192) 4) dialog: John Bubber... how does a person know when he's a hero... and when he's not. Their eyes are locked, as if they're the only two in this crowded room.  A private question in a public place.  The becomes quiet as everyone realizes BUBBER is going to res BUBBER speaks soberly, directly to GALE.