12) 38) text: She's just pretending she's a person.  She's really a reporter. Fifty bucks she's on the first flight back.
87) 0) text: The office has become command-central.  REPORTERS hurry i out, tearing off faxes, answering the phones, chattering other, GALE among them.  WALLACE is fretting to DEAKINS..
106) 0) text: A 14 year old ALLEN lies comatose in an intensive care ro tubes in his nose, arms, and chest, monitors all around h arms and legs in casts and traction. BUBBER leans over the unconscious boy speaking intensely DOCTOR hovers next to him and REPORTERS and CAMERAMEN joc position at the foot of the bed.
112) 4) dialog: The doctors who had believed the boy had little or no chance for survival, now predict a slow but complete recovery. CHICK glances up at the TV screen and BERNIE looks too.
159) 0) text: DEAKINS and WALLACE are watching a CHANNEL EIGHT REPORTER one of the monitors.
162) 5) text: But I don't -- I don't hate -- him. I... loved him once, Joey.  Very much.  I just got... tired.  Maybe it wasn't all his fault.  He... What's happening?  Oh, my God... EVELYN is reacting to the live radio broadcast, a sudden in the REPORTER'S VOICE, CROWD SOUNDS...
187) 5) text: In doing that I endangered the lives of hardworking policemen and firemen who attempted to rescue me, not to mention the life of my dear friend, Bernard LaPlante... BUBBER pauses and the room erupts in a chorus of REPORTER VOICES...
190) 12) text: Mister LaPlante... Bernie... I... just for a few moments... I want to be a human being, not a reporter. I'm somebody who was going to die in a burning plane and I looked up, and some man came out of the smoke, his face smeared with mud, and soot and... and he... saved my... life. Off the record.  Was it you?  Why would you deny it if it was? Because you took my purse?  Why? BERNIE looks at GALE.  She looks very human, very real, t reporter's veneer completely gone!  He hesitates.  How ca not tell the truth at a moment like this?  He takes a dee breath...