19) 0) text: The engines drone as we look into the sparsely populated cabin of the "baby Boeing".  Among the many empty seats, FLETCHER reads a magazine while his ten year son RICHIE p a pocket video game. LESLIE SUGAR, one of the two Flight Attendants, is servin drink to Mr. Smith, a businessman while FREDDY, the other Attendant, is giving a pillow to an ELDERLY WOMAN. We DISCOVER GALE, cradling a phone to her ear while she awkwardly fishes in her purse and pulls out the Silver Mi Award.
33) 0) text: PASSENGERS stumble over each other while a flashlight mak panicky stabs at the darkness, RICHIE cries out for FLETC to wake up, the BABY screams. Someone's trying to get out the overhead exit, others are hammering at an aft exit. GALE slumped in her seat, fades in and out of consciousne Above her, across the canted aisle, SUSAN is calling out help... Then, GALE'S eyes flicker with awareness at the s of an urgent shout...
35) 3) dialog: Please, Miss, my father can't move. He can't move. LESLIE grabs him and shoves him bodily out the narrow exi she speaks urgently...
37) 0) text: RICHIE is outside the plane, struggling in chest deep wat He looks back at the plane, sobbing...
37) 1) dialog: Dad!  Dad! He doesn't know what to do.
38) 0) text: Muttering curses, BERNIE is floundering around on the riv when a hand clutches at his sleeve. BERNIE whirls, his face a mask of mud.  Finds himself fac RICHIE.
38) 1) dialog: Sir!  Please, sir.  Sir, my father can't move. Where?  BERNIE looks around.
38) 2) dialog: He's in there!  He's hurt! In the plane?  In there?  BERNIE looks at the plane, reac
38) 4) dialog: Please, sir!  Please!  It's on fire. He can't move. BERNIE stares into the desperate face... and suddenly, recklessly, BERNIE loses it, forgets he's BERNIE, acts li someone else.
42) 3) dialog: Staring at the smoking plane in horror when a hand grips shoulder.  Turning he finds himself looking up at the MAN back we saw LESLIE push out of the plane... FLETCHER!
42) 4) dialog: 
70) 1) dialog: I thought my dad was still... still in there.  So I asked the man to save my father.
70) 3) dialog: He said... uh... he said... (not sure, thinking, then... )
74) 3) dialog: He said... uh, he said... "I'll save your father."