1) 4) dialog: Oh Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo?
1) 6) dialog: What’s in a name! That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
1) 37) text: ++. Can you tell me why he’s falling in love ... Big Daddy Mongrel points dramatically up to Juliet.
1) 49) dialog: Oh Juliet, true friend Juliet, what dost thou think I should do? LADY AND LORD CAT-PULET, two immaculately groomed long-ha cats, sit on Juliet’s vanity table. They are the kitten’s parents. When Lady Cat-Pulet hears the girl call the kitt “Juliet,” she shakes her head.
1) 54) dialog: (Sniffling) Dost thou think Romeo will be true? Below Juliet the Girl’s chair sits DOC, a persian cat wit furtive eyes and a manner of speaking very akin to Mae We When she and the other cats talk near people, they do so under their breaths, and it is very clear that humans are aware that the animals are talking.
1) 55) text: Oh please ... Juliet the Girl lets her tissue drop to the ground. Doc picks it up and hands it to Lady and Lord Cat-Pulet on th vanity table. Lord Cat-Pulet is taking the tissues from D and writing on them with an eye-liner. Lady Cat-Pulet put paw-prints on them using ruby-red lipstick. DOC (cont'd) --- doesn’t she know men are dogs? TYGER, a ferocious striped cat with a menacing smile, sit Juliet the Girl’s bed. He practices hurling his claws int picture of a dog like humans throw darts at a dart board.
1) 59) dialog: Mother, what am I supposed to do?
1) 61) dialog: I can’t do that. Juliet needs me.
1) 63) dialog: That's not true! Juliet’s different ... Meanwhile, TYBALT, a dashing young human in his late teen has come into Juliet the Girl’s room. He picks Tyger up o the bed and throws him into the air! As Tyger screeches horribly and struggles to land on his feet, Tybalt laughs delightedly. 10.
1) 64) dialog: Tybalt!
1) 66) dialog: They’re more than that. They’re my friends. She pats Tyger on the head. JULIET THE GIRL (cont’d) You all right, little one? Tyger purrs happily. Juliet turns proudly back to Doc, gesturing to Juliet the Girl.
1) 67) dialog: You see how Juliet is different?
1) 69) dialog: What?
1) 71) dialog: Montagues!
1) 74) dialog: No.
1) 76) dialog: I can’t stand yarn.
1) 78) dialog: I don’t know. She leaps to the window sill and looks outside longingly.
1) 79) dialog: I like the ball in the sky. What do you call that?
1) 81) dialog: The moon. Oh I think it is so beautiful.
1) 83) dialog: But I think it’s beautiful. I do. She looks at the globed lamp posts.
1) 84) dialog: And the balls of light outside. And the balls that people throw to one another in the park. Sometimes I see balls bouncing down the street so fast. Not like balls of yarn that roll a couple feet and stop. But balls that go faster and faster. Sometimes I want to chase those balls. Right outside, into the big wide world. Lady and Lord Cat-Pulet look at one another concerned. Lo Cat-Pulet clears his throat and gives Doc a look that mea something like, “will you talk some sense into the girl?” Doc sets down her work and goes up to Juliet on the windo sill.
1) 86) dialog: Yes, I am.
1) 88) dialog: But I don’t see why it has to. Don’t you ever wonder, Doc, what it must be like to live outside? MEANWHILE OUTSIDE ... 12. Rover, Benny and Mercury are looking for scraps. Mercury scans the contents of some trash cans they’ve just dumped over much as a construction foreman oversees a project.
1) 97) dialog: I imagine flowers and sunshine and leaping in the trees. There’d be wide open spaces and rivers and lakes and you could go swimming! Doc gives Juliet a look like she has gone completely off rocker. OUTSIDE ... Rover continues to peer into windows longingly. 13.
1) 99) dialog: Don’t you ever get tired of warm milk and cold tuna and wearing these tight collars?
1) 101) dialog: Call me crazy, but in my dreams I see myself standing on a tall bridge, taking off this horrid collar and throwing it into the river! OUTSIDE ... Rover turns a corner and directs Benny’s attention to a g of sad and lonely dogs struggling to survive in the stree Mercury looks at his two friends with concern.
1) 105) dialog: That's what the outside would be, a place where I could be me, a place where I could be ...
1) 107) dialog: Free. OUTSIDE ... Rover jumps a short hedge and peers in the front window o charming little home. Benny is right behind.
1) 113) dialog: It isn’t?
1) 115) dialog: Like what?
1) 117) dialog: Scratching myself? But whatever for?
1) 119) dialog: Fleas! My goodness!
1) 121) dialog: Really?
1) 123) dialog: But I don’t even know what a fire hydrant is! OUTSIDE ... Mercury SNARLS at Rover as well.
1) 137) dialog: Still, sometimes I can’t help wonder ... OUTSIDE ... Rover looks up to a window again as Mercury and Benny go to scrounging.
1) 140) dialog: What it would be like ...
1) 142) dialog: +.. to live outside.
17) 9) dialog: Terrific. You’re going to knock ‘em dead tonight, Doc.
17) 11) dialog: Zip me up. Doc helps Juliet into her costume. It is now impossible t tell that she is a cat. EXT. THE CAT-PULETS’ VILLA The dogs, hidden entirely under their skunk costumes, fol Mercury across the street to the party. The Cat-Pulets, unaware of who they are, greet them at the door.
18) 5) dialog: (Grimacing) Of course. Vienna, dressed as a unicorn, smiles lasciviously.
18) 8) dialog: Will you excuse me? I think I see a monkey I know by the buffet.
18) 13) text: The dogs are seriously digging in. But as Rover reaches across the table, his black, skunk paw accidentally bumps into a white, furry one. He looks up and finds none other than Juliet herself. Their eyes meet and it is LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT!
18) 15) dialog: You have the most amazing eyes.
18) 17) dialog: You can tell a lot about someone from their eyes.
18) 19) dialog: That you’re honest ...
18) 21) dialog: And that you’re looking for something. Or maybe, someone. Rover and Juliet stare at one another, transfixed. Just then, the orchestra starts up again. JULIET (cont'd) Would you like to dance ...? Rover is tempted, then looks over at Mercury and Benny and remembers why he is here.
18) 23) dialog: Come on. It’s easy. And besides, when’s the next time you’re going to see a polar bear and a skunk dancing together? Rover smiles, then gets pulled onto the dance floor by Juliet. A formal, Renaissance-like dance begins. Rover looks around awkwardly, uncertain what to do. Trying to mimic what the others are doing, Rover steps right on Juliet’s foot! It’s all Juliet can do to keep from crying out.
18) 25) dialog: It’s all right ... Don’t worry about the others. She turns his face to hers. JULIET (cont'd) Look at me. Looking into those eyes, a kind of miracle comes over Rov He boldly twirls Juliet with precision. JULIET (cont'd) That’s it! In no time, Rover and Juliet are dazzling everyone at the party with their dancing prowess. The Cat-Pulets dancing nearby can’t even begin to keep up with them. As the song ends, the spectators applaud for Rover and Juliet. Rover leads her off the dance floor away from the other Cat-Pulets. JULIET (cont'd) I'd say you’re a natural.
18) 27) dialog: Not that good.
18) 30) dialog: Are you trying to figure out what I am?
18) 32) dialog: That's strictly against the rules, you know.
18) 34) dialog: Well, these aren’t wings. I’m no chicken, that’s for sure.
18) 36) dialog: No.
18) 38) dialog: Sorry.
18) 40) dialog: (Coyly) Uh-huh.
18) 42) dialog: Just have to, huh? What do you say ... (An idea comes over her) .-. I show you instead?
18) 44) dialog: I will if you will. Rover gulps and looks around fearfully.
18) 46) dialog: Why not?
18) 48) dialog: All right, then. 1I/’11 meet you there in five minutes. Juliet hurries off. Rover almost swoons.
19) 0) text: Under the starry night, Juliet awaits her true love. Rove sneaks up from behind and places his paws over her eyes.
19) 2) dialog: The animal of my dreams?
19) 4) dialog: Ready ... ? Rover looks around one last time to make sure that the co is clear.
19) 6) dialog: On the count of three. One ...
19) 8) dialog: Three! Rover and Juliet lift their masks. Both are shocked.
19) 9) dialog: 
19) 13) dialog: What are you doing at my family’s party? You must know we, I mean they, hate dogs.
19) 15) dialog: I can’t hate someone I don’t even know. That would be silly.
19) 17) dialog: So what are we going to do? I mean it seemed like we were sort of becoming, I don’t know ... friends.
19) 20) dialog: Yeah, I guess not. Both are terribly saddened by this realization.
19) 22) dialog: Hey ... I don’t even know your name.
19) 24) dialog: I’m Juliet.
19) 26) dialog: That's right.
19) 28) dialog: I like that too.
19) 30) dialog: Good night, Rover. Rover leaves. A single tear drop falls from Juliet’s eye.
20) 5) dialog: I believe you, Rover. But you better leave before my family gets their hands on you. Rover and Juliet desperately want to kiss before parting, can’t. As Rover flees the mayhem, Tyger spots him.
21) 53) dialog: I’m sorry. What did you say, Rover?
21) 55) dialog: I’m sorry, did I say Rover?
21) 58) dialog: Yes, I have. I met him at the party. We talked. We danced. But in the end ... (starting to cry) Oh Rover, Rover, wherefore art thou Rover! Doc takes a tissue from the vanity table and dries Juliet eyes.
21) 59) dialog: Oh Doc, you won’t tell anyone, will you?
21) 61) dialog: It’s Rover!
21) 63) dialog: Oh my goodness!
21) 65) dialog: You think so?
21) 67) dialog: Oh, Doc, what am I going to do?
21) 69) dialog: Talk to him? What do I say?
21) 71) dialog: I can’t say that! 40.
21) 74) dialog: What?
21) 76) dialog: Rover, what are you saying?
21) 79) dialog: What?
21) 81) dialog: Oh Rover, I do love you. Very much. Rover suddenly flies into a series of back flips. Juliet laughs delightedly.
21) 82) dialog: Come to me, Rover.
21) 84) dialog: Jump up here.
21) 86) dialog: Why not? 41.
21) 88) dialog: Oh. So what do we do?
21) 90) dialog: But I can’t do that.
21) 92) dialog: Because I’ve never been out of the house before.
21) 94) dialog: No.
21) 96) dialog: Doc?
21) 98) dialog: But there isn’t anything you wouldn’t do. Doc smiles mischievously.
21) 100) dialog: Verona, remember?
21) 102) dialog: All of it. I want to see all of it. And with that the happy couple darts off into the city, p in paw. Flyer, who has been observing the young lovers fr a tree limb, flaps behind them.
22) 0) text: A moment later, Rover and Juliet are SWINGING AROUND LAMP POSTS and DANCING IN THE STREETS. Juliet is, of course, fascinated by everything she sees, but especially by the of light and the oranges and other round fruits she sees through a market's window. Overcome with chivalry, Rover sneaks in the back door of market and returns a minute later with a couple of nectar that he’s pawned.
22) 2) dialog: (Pointing to the fruit) Throw it.
22) 4) dialog: Throw it! Rover FLINGS the nectarine down the street. Juliet points the direction it has gone. JULIET (cont'd) I want to go there!
23) 0) text: Rover and Juliet have caught up with the rolling fruit. Laughing and giggling, they kick it on further ... straig down the sidewalk and into the opera house. Outside the front door, Rover and Juliet dodge the legs o people entering the opera house. Slowly a DEVILISH GRIN spreads across Juliet’s face and she bolts into the opera house after the nectarine. Rover is right behind her!
24) 0) text: The nectarine is being inadvertently kicked around the fr lobby. Before Rover and Juliet can catch up to it though, is kicked down a back hallway toward a dressing room.
25) 0) text: Rover and Juliet tear after the bouncing nectarine only t become accidentally entangled in TWO ELABORATE COSTUMES. 43.
26) 0) text: The nectarine continues to roll just out of reach of Rove and Juliet who have now come to be wearing the elaborate costumes!
27) 0) text: Finally the nectarine comes to rest ... downstage center! A second later Rover and Juliet catch up to it there. The the lights go down. A HUSH falls over the audience. The CONDUCTOR taps his baton and clears his throat. All e fall _on Rover and Juliet, who look at one another.
27) 1) dialog: What are we supposed to do now?
27) 3) dialog: Sing what?
27) 5) dialog: Figaro? Suddenly the orchestra springs to life. Beautiful music fills the chamber. But Rover and Juliet struggle to sing operatically.
27) 7) dialog: Figaro! Suddenly, two underwear clad opera singers appear onstage begin chasing Rover and Juliet around.
28) 0) text: Finally making it back outside the opera house, Rover jum into a flowerbed and begins picking roses and daisies lef and right. Soon he has made a gigantic bouquet, which he presents proudly to Juliet. As Rover and Juliet come out the garden, a delightful smell wafts by and tempts their noses.
30) 0) text: Unable to resist the smell of the fresh-baked bread, Rove and Juliet sneak into the bakery and creep nearer and nea the bread. But then Rover accidentally swats a pepper shaker with hi tail, making the Apprentice sneeze. The just risen loaves bread fall as flat as pancakes. The baker, SENOR DOMINO, becomes incensed and swats the Apprentice with his hat. A chase around the bakery begins, where the TOMATO and MOZZARELLA, which the baker was eating for supper, end up being spread on the FLATTENED LOAVES OF BREAD. Just as Senor Domino has the Apprentice cornered, he smel the PIE SHAPED CREATION on top of the stove. Suddenly he has an idea and cuts the pie into TRIANGULAR PIECES. After smelling one curiously, he plops it in his mouth.
31) 0) text: Rover and Juliet are riding in a gondola down the river, eating the pizza and drinking the milk and being serenade a quartet of string-playing crickets.
31) 2) dialog: I think I'd prefer anchovies. When they come to an arched bridge, Rover takes Juliet’s and they're off again.
32) 0) text: Rover and Juliet continue their happy romp through town. Soon, they come to the Arena. Rover runs right through th front door.
32) 1) dialog: What is this?
33) 0) text: Rover and Juliet scamper up to the emperor’s box and look the Roman ruins around them.
34) 0) text: An instant later, Rover and Juliet are dashing for the hi It’s all Flyer can do to keep up with them.
35) 0) text: Rover and Juliet sit side by side with all of Verona belo them. The sun is just coming up. They look deep into one another’s eyes ... Just as they begin to move closer to one another, Flyer c to the top of the hill and is hit by direct sunlight. Thi knocks his RADAR all out of whack and he promptly crashes into a CHICKEN COOP getting egg all over himself. Back on the top of the hill, meanwhile, all the other ani (except dogs and cats of course) have gathered around to Rover and Juliet move CLOSER and CLOSER. 46. When the young lovers kiss, it is like all of Italy sighs with them. Just seconds later, Flyer gets to the scene.
36) 0) text: Verona still sleeps as Rover and Juliet return home from their adventure. When they reach The Cat-Pulets’ villa, t two young lovers stop at its gates and look at each other longingly.
36) 2) dialog: (Sighing) Home.
36) 4) dialog: I‘1l never forget it as long as I live.
36) 6) dialog: I just wish ...
36) 8) dialog: I just wish we could do this every night.
36) 10) dialog: But if our families ever found out ...
36) 12) dialog: This feud is so dumb! I mean, cats and dogs aren't so different.
36) 14) dialog: We both have tails ...
36) 16) dialog: (Smiling) Yeah ... We both do, don’t we.
36) 18) dialog: But how?
38) 0) text: Flyer hangs upside down from the rafters, reading ‘How to Friends and Influence Animals.’ Rover and Juliet stand be
38) 10) dialog: Come on, Rover. Let’s go home. He’s just an old, scary-looking bat.
38) 12) dialog: It’s not like he wants to help end the feud between cats and dogs. I mean then everybody would like him. Nobody would be afraid of him anymore. Juliet’s reverse-psychology works. Flyer swoops down from the ceiling and stops them.
38) 18) dialog: Yes. I do.
39) 0) text: Rover and Juliet climb out the window and onto the street Suddenly, RICE begins to fall on their heads. They both l up and find Flyer clutching a bag.
39) 3) dialog: No, Rover. We better split up. At least until we tell our families the news.
39) 5) dialog: I can’t wait!
39) 7) dialog: I agree. Farewell, Rover. Parting is such sweet sorrow.
45) 3) dialog: (Concerned) What was the name of the dog?
45) 5) dialog: (Whispering) I can’t believe Rover would do something like that.
46) 0) text: Juliet runs in and grabs Doc.
46) 1) dialog: Doc, Tyger set Rover up! My husband is innocent! Go to the pound and tell Rover I know the truth and that I still love him. I just hope he’s all right ...
51) 44) dialog: Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet day. Juliet squeezes Rover so tightly he begins to turn blue! It's like she’s put a VICE around his neck ...
51) 48) dialog: Yond light is not day-light. Suddenly, Juliet radically shifts tactics, lifting up the blanket and casting a FLIRTATIOUS LOOK Rover's way.
51) 49) dialog: Therefore stay yet, - thou need’st not to be gone. This is too much for Rover to resist and he dives under t covers to be with Juliet. 63.
51) 51) dialog: It is, it is, - hie hence be gone, away! She pushes Rover toward the window RIPPING up the bedshee KNOCKING over the vanity table, and SMASHING the chest of drawers. In addition, the canopy from the bed has gotten caught on
51) 52) text: chandelier ... Romeo and Juliet The Girl, meanwhile, still have ABSOLUTE NO IDEA the room is being literally DEMOLISHED!
51) 53) dialog: --. O, now be gone; more light and light it grows. The Nurse and Doc enter simultaneously. Doc stares at the destruction around her.
51) 57) dialog: Then window, let day in, and let life out.
51) 59) dialog: Oh Kitty Juliet, alack the day! Have you a dashing prince far hence? Some Siamese cat? Some Noble Persian? It must be so much simpler to be a cat. Both crying now, Juliet and Juliet the girl comfort one another.
53) 3) dialog: I miss him, Doc. I miss him more and more each day. And to make matters worse, Juliet’s gone too. I haven’t seen her for days. 65.
53) 5) dialog: I’m starting to understand why.
53) 7) dialog: They're going to what, Doc?
53) 11) dialog: Oh no ...!
55) 0) text: Flyer is experimenting with different breath sprays when Juliet leaps into the the belfry.
55) 1) dialog: Flyer!
55) 3) dialog: You’re never going to believe what's happened!
55) 5) dialog: My parents want me to get married with Vienna.
55) 7) dialog: Of course I did. But they wouldn’t hear it. I can’t stand it how they treat me like I’m some kind of kitten! Flyer, what am I going to do?
55) 10) dialog: When in doubt what? 67. Flyer comes across a vial, which contains a potion and si on the Friar’s lectern.
55) 12) dialog: Do what people do? What did they do?
55) 14) dialog: No!
55) 16) dialog: Died!
55) 19) dialog: I’m not sure ...
55) 22) dialog: How?
55) 26) dialog: And you're saying this same plan would work for me and Rover?
55) 28) dialog: I don’t know ...
55) 30) dialog: Well, it’s just it sounds so... dangerous. And so complicated. It just seems like there’s a lot of things that could go wrong.
55) 32) dialog: I don’t know. It just doesn’t sound wise
55) 34) dialog: Well who cares what Friar Laurence said -
55) 36) dialog: Why?
55) 39) dialog: I guess so. Neither one of them seem too convinced of the wisdom of t plan, but Flyer puts the potion in front of Juliet anyway
56) 2) text: Flyer cries out loud. FLYER (cont'd) Oh how did this happen? How can this be? Flyer covers his head with his wings and sobs. The Doves look on from above. For the first time they begin to real that Flyer is more than just a scary little bat. Just as they start to come closer, a terrible realization spreads across Flyer’s face. FLYER (cont'd) But wait! If this happened to Romeo and Juliet, then the same thing could happen to ... He turns and looks back toward Verona. FLYER (cont'd) I’ve got to get back to Juliet and tell her not to take that potion! Setting off toward Verona, Flyer comes over a hill and is by sunlight. Once again his radar malfunctions and he spi out of control to the ground. FLYER (cont'd) Oh, how can it get any worse than this? The Doves look at one another, truly worried. INT. JULIET THE GIRL’S BEDROOM Juliet sits on Juliet the Girl’s bed considering Flyer’s POTION. The Chalk Figures hover nearby.
56) 4) dialog: Juliet, what are you doing? Of course this doesn’t make sense. But the potion starts to take effect. Just as she falls unconscious she sets the vials on the floor. 71. We see now, she has only drank HALF OF THE POTION.
64) 0) text: Rover runs up to the entrance to the catacombs, completel out of breath. Because all his thoughts are on finding Juliet as quickly as possible, he doesn’t notice that Sha and Speare are keeping watch from across the street.
69) 0) text: Just as Rover has reached the point of total frustration, turns a corner and sees a newly decorated tomb with the w “Juliet Cat-Pulet” written above it. MEANWHILE UPSTAIRS ... The cats have gathered for a pep-talk. 76.
70) 6) dialog: Of course I am alive. They hug each other ecstatically! Then Rover looks at her again, unable to believe that his dream has come true.
70) 9) dialog: What?
70) 11) dialog: I only have one life, Rover. But I want to spend that life with you.
70) 13) dialog: I couldn’t do it. I just couldn’t drink all of that ... At that very moment, Tyger’s platoon turns the corner and sees Rover. Juliet, still back in her tomb, is not visibl to the charging cats. 78.
70) 16) dialog: I can’t yet. Run! Rover looks at her longingly again. JULIET (cont'd) Rover, GO! Rover finally turns and sprints further down the passagew The cats are right behind him. Juliet tries to get their attention ... JULIET (cont'd) Tyger, guys! Stop... ... but Tyger is too focused on the chase, and Juliet is weak. The pursuit leaves her behind.
70) 25) dialog: Oh, Flyer, you gotta help me.
70) 27) dialog: They're trying to kill Rover!
70) 29) dialog: My family! They went down there!
70) 36) dialog: I think so.
70) 38) dialog: I’ll try. 80.
70) 42) dialog: Tyyyy-gerrrr .... Tyyyy-gerrrr ... This is too much for even the toughest cat. Tyger and the whole crew run for their lives.
70) 43) dialog: Oh, Flyer, you did it! Flyer reverts to his adorable self.
70) 45) dialog: You see how much better plans work out if you make them yourself? She frees Rover and hugs him.
71) 0) text: Rover opens a manhole and lets Juliet out. Just when the lovers think they’re home free ... now the dogs are after them. Mercury and Benny and their hoodlums surround Julie
72) 0) text: Rover and Juliet are running down a narrow street, which turns into a dead end. Juliet, of course, leaps to a balc and then to a roof top. Rover is left below in the street And the dogs are closing in...
72) 1) dialog: Come on Rover! Jump!
72) 3) dialog: No it’s not. Just ... just ... believe you are a cat.
72) 5) dialog: That’s all you’ll need. Trust me. Rover backs away from the wall to take a running start. Mercury and his thugs are closing in.
72) 7) dialog: Hurry, Rover!
72) 11) dialog: You did it!
72) 13) dialog: You did! The dogs bark below. In an instant Flyer has caught up to them.
73) 0) text: Now all the cats and all the dogs are chasing Rover and Juliet through town. As the commotion passes the Cat-Pule house and the Mongrel’s alley, Rover and Juliet’s parents join the chase. Pretty soon it seems like every animal in town is running after Rover and Juliet. They storm through markets, house gardens, restaurants, churches ... You name it! All of Verona is being turned upside down.
74) 0) text: Finally, as Rover and Juliet run out onto the bridge, the CATS come up from one side and the DOGS from the other. Rover and Juliet are trapped! Flyer tries to get to them, put a dog swishes his tail, knocking Flyer headfirst into the muddy riverbank. A complete circle has been made around the lovers now. Th know they have nowhere to go. After a moment, Lady and Lo Cat-Pulet and Big Daddy and Mama Mongrel come to the fron They all stare at their children with disapproval.
74) 2) dialog: (To her parents) Don’t hurt him!
74) 11) dialog: The truth is ... (Gulping) +.. we're married.
74) 16) dialog: Stop! Please!
74) 18) dialog: All you have to do is just ...open your eyes ... Lady Cat-Pulet and Mama Mongrel, who have fallen side by side, regain consciousness and look one another in the ey JULIET (cont'd) ++. and look at each other ... 85. Lord Cat-Pulet and Big Daddy Mongrel turn and look at one another too. In fact, every dog on the bridge turns and looks at the cat he or she was about to fight with. JULIET (cont'd) ++. you would see ... The tension on the bridge begins to ease. All the dogs an cats reach out to one another, much like a person looking himself in the mirror. JULIET (cont'd) We're really very much alike. Doc and Benny gaze at one another. So do the mothers ... JULIET (cont'd) Much more alike than we are different ... Unfortunately, Tyger and Mercury aren’t so enchanted by t sudden inter-species love-fest. They look at one another distrustfully. As their paws come out to touch ... Tyger elongates his nails right into Mercury's eyes!
74) 21) dialog: Guys, stop!
74) 23) dialog: Oh, Rover. They look around themselves. Their worst nightmare has co to pass. They hold each other, on the verge of tears. Flyer meanwhile, has finally extracted himself from the m He flies up to the bridge a completely unrecognizable blo Looking down on the battle below, Flyer summons an almost supernatural strength, and bellows out an enormous yell.
75) 0) text: The funeral procession comes to a halt at the top of the hill. The entire city of Verona can be seen below. 87. As the cats and dogs follow Flyer, the procession of mour begins to part to each side, allowing Rover and Juliet to for the first time THE GRAVES OF ROMEO AND JULIET. Two tombstones bear the lovers’ names.
75) 2) dialog: Juliet ... The Capulets and The Montagues lay red roses on each grav The families turn and look at one another.
75) 20) dialog: Three cheers for Flyer! Everyone CHEERS. Flyer turns bright red.
76) 0) text: People are shocked as they watch the dogs and cats walk s by side through the city together. Rover and Juliet turn one another and smile. Flyer is above them, filled with j
77) 0) text: The Capulets are playing with their cats. Lady Capulet brings Juliet up to her face and smiles. Tyblat is pettin Doc.
79) 0) text: The Cat-pulets and The Mongrels throw a huge bash. Outsid the gate, Juliet waits. A few seconds later, Rover shows
79) 2) dialog: That's all right. I’ve got some great news. The Capulets are taking me on a trip with them to Rome.
79) 4) dialog: Ooh ... jealous?
79) 6) dialog: Ready?
79) 10) dialog: It's a wedding reception! 91.
79) 12) dialog: Would you care to dance?