1) 51) dialog: You have to remember, the child’s only fourteen.
1) 53) dialog: No dear ... The human Juliet (hereafter referred to as “Juliet the Gi sets the kitten Juliet (hereafter referred to as “Juliet” her lap. Then she takes a tissue and looks longingly out window.
1) 55) text: Oh please ... Juliet the Girl lets her tissue drop to the ground. Doc picks it up and hands it to Lady and Lord Cat-Pulet on th vanity table. Lord Cat-Pulet is taking the tissues from D and writing on them with an eye-liner. Lady Cat-Pulet put paw-prints on them using ruby-red lipstick. DOC (cont'd) --- doesn’t she know men are dogs? TYGER, a ferocious striped cat with a menacing smile, sit Juliet the Girl’s bed. He practices hurling his claws int picture of a dog like humans throw darts at a dart board.
20) 7) dialog: Wait. Now’s not the time for revenge. Help calm our guests. You’ll get that little doggie soon enough.
45) 1) dialog: What the Mongrels did today is an act of war! From this day forth, let no canine feel safe in Verona.
45) 6) dialog: Our mortal enemy has always been the dog. And now you can see why. It’s time The Cat-Pulets fought back! The Cat-Pulets meow in agreement, then follow Lord Cat-Pu out of the room. As Juliet is leaving, she overhears Tyge and his henchcats.
57) 6) dialog: What’s wrong with her? 72.
74) 3) dialog: What’s going on here?
74) 9) dialog: Dad?! (To Juliet) Juliet, what is the meaning of this?
74) 14) dialog: This is all your fault, Mongrel!
74) 26) text: All the Montagues and Capulets march behind a veiled hear As the procession makes its way across the bridge, the animals part somberly and let it pass. FLYER (cont'd) Is that what we want to happen to us, too? Lord Cat-pulet and Big Daddy Mongrel look at one another a moment. Then they turn and begin following the processi All the other animals of Verona trail behind them as well
75) 10) dialog: I never thought I’d be saying this toa mongrel, but ... Welcome to the family, son! Lord Cat-Pulet and Rover embrace. The cats meow and the d bark with joy.
78) 0) text: Lord Montague sees the Butcher yelling at Rover. He walks over, pays the Butcher for his steaks, and takes Rover in arms.