1) 2) dialog: But soft! What light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun!
1) 8) text: Our view continues moving down to beside the river, where handsome golden retriever puppy watches Romeo’s every ges with admiration. This is ROVER. FLYER (V.O.) (cont'd) And involves different characters altogether. Two other puppies hang out nearby. BENNY, a goofy looking basset hound, chases his tail in circles, kicking up mud everywhere. MERCURY, a brown and black bulldog, exercises rigorously, further sculpting his already fine-tuned four legged physique. FLYER (V.O) (cont'd) Though these characters from time to time may seem a little familiar ... Rover sighs loudly, completely oblivious to his friends’ canine concerns.
6) 0) text: Rover runs through the crowd. When he turns for a split second to see if he’s being chased, the terrified pup ... 19. SLAMS RIGHT INTO A PAIR OF LEGS. A bit dazed, Rover looks and finds ... .-. ROMEO staring right down at him.
6) 1) dialog: Alas, ‘tis my favorite stray. Romeo scoops up Rover, who still has a steak hanging in h mouth. ROMEO (cont'd) Thou art a criminal in need of a place to hide. Come. We shall find you a fine wine to go with your meal.
8) 0) text: Romeo, still holding Rover, looks through the many wines.
8) 1) dialog: Wine seller, bring me your most prized vintage. Tonight is a special occasion. The Wine Seller bows and goes in back. Romeo leans down a whispers to Rover, unaware that the dog can understand ev word he says. ROMEO (cont'd) Can you keep a secret, my friend? I, a Montague, am to marry Juliet, a Capulet, in secret tonight at the old church. As if on cue, AN EXPENSIVE HORSE-DRAWN CARRIAGE appears i the piazza. Lord and Lady Capulet step out, followed by their evil nephew, Tybalt. Tybalt spots Romeo and throws him a nasty look. 20. ROMEO (cont'd) Perhaps our marriage can finally bring this feud between our families to an end. EXT. CAPULET’S CARRIAGE When The Capulets are well out of sight, the carriage’s b compartment pops open and out jumps Tyger. He makes sure that the coast is clear, then calls for his henchcats.
8) 13) dialog: Hey! Where’s thou going?
51) 42) dialog: Oh loyal pooch. Have you a fair maiden of your own? Perchance a beagle? A collie? And must you stake your very life just to set eyes upon her? I think not. How much simpler it would be to be a lowly dog! Romeo scratches Rover behind the ears and heads back to t ladder with his bouquet. Once Romeo has gotten off the to Rover scrambles up behind him. Just as both Romeo and Rover are about to enter their respective entrances on the balcony, they are simultaneou overcome with a teenager’s sense of insecurity. Completely unaware that the other is doing the same thing the same time, both the dog and the boy look at their reflections in the window and fix their hair. Then they flex their biceps and blow into their hand/paw check for bad breath. Finally convinced that all is in order, the lovers puff up their chests and make their dashingly romantic entrances. INT. JULIET THE GIRL’S BEDROOM Both Juliet and Juliet the Girl are primping themselves a the door to the balcony opens. The male lovers swagger in Juliet sees Rover ... Juliet the Girl sees Romeo ... Both sets of lovers jump into each other’s arms! INT. JULIET THE GIRL’S BEDROOM - DAYBREAK Romeo and Juliet the Girl lay in one another’s arms on th love seat. Meanwhile, underneath the bed, Rover and Julie do exactly the same thing. 62. After a moment, we hear A BIRD CALL. ROVER AND JULIET’S POV Romeo’s legs come off the bed and move to the window. A moment later we hear the CURTAINS TORN OPEN and the room fills with light.
51) 45) dialog: I must be gone and live ... Finally he breaks through Juliet’s clutches and catapults across the room, knocking over an expensive lamp!
51) 46) dialog: «+. or stay and die. ABOVE ... Romeo and Juliet the Girl are so enamored of one another they haven’t noticed the lamp crash to the ground. BELOW ... Juliet has pounced on Rover again. He points out the wind desperately to the rising sun ...
51) 47) dialog: ‘Tis the morn. Look love ... Juliet shakes her head and closes her eyes, childishly refusing to acknowledge the morning.
51) 50) dialog: Let me be put to death! Juliet wills it so. It is not day. Suddenly Juliet is FRANTIC to get Rover out of the bedroo Only now Rover clings to Juliet!
51) 52) text: chandelier ... Romeo and Juliet The Girl, meanwhile, still have ABSOLUTE NO IDEA the room is being literally DEMOLISHED!
51) 58) dialog: Farewell, farewell! One kiss and I’1l descend. Both pairs of lovers kiss simultaneously. Then Rover and Romeo head out the window and disappear into the street. Juliet and Juliet the Girl watch them go sadly. Finally, Juliet the Girl notices that Juliet is there. 64.
56) 2) text: Flyer cries out loud. FLYER (cont'd) Oh how did this happen? How can this be? Flyer covers his head with his wings and sobs. The Doves look on from above. For the first time they begin to real that Flyer is more than just a scary little bat. Just as they start to come closer, a terrible realization spreads across Flyer’s face. FLYER (cont'd) But wait! If this happened to Romeo and Juliet, then the same thing could happen to ... He turns and looks back toward Verona. FLYER (cont'd) I’ve got to get back to Juliet and tell her not to take that potion! Setting off toward Verona, Flyer comes over a hill and is by sunlight. Once again his radar malfunctions and he spi out of control to the ground. FLYER (cont'd) Oh, how can it get any worse than this? The Doves look at one another, truly worried. INT. JULIET THE GIRL’S BEDROOM Juliet sits on Juliet the Girl’s bed considering Flyer’s POTION. The Chalk Figures hover nearby.
75) 0) text: The funeral procession comes to a halt at the top of the hill. The entire city of Verona can be seen below. 87. As the cats and dogs follow Flyer, the procession of mour begins to part to each side, allowing Rover and Juliet to for the first time THE GRAVES OF ROMEO AND JULIET. Two tombstones bear the lovers’ names.