13) 0) text: A lamp casts a shuddery glow over a pale, haggard woman (AHAB'S WIFE) who sits before the dying embers of a hearth, wrapped in a woolen shawl. Close beside her sits a timid, 12-year-old boy (AHAB'S SON), slight of build with an angelic face. Eyes turned to the ceiling, both listen apprehensively to a METHODIC, DRY THUNK on the wood floor upstairs, pacing relentlessly...the FOOTFALLS OF A PEG LEG. A LOUD KNOCK at the door -- the two jump out of their skins. Upstairs, the PACING STOPS. Unmoving, the Wife stares at the door. A tense beat. Another UNSETTLING KNOCK. The Wife nervously fingers her shawl. The Son sits rigidly. Both waiting... ANGLE ON a staircase, the top half blocked from view by a wooden overhang. From the top of the stairs, a steady THUNK-CLOP, THUNK-CLOP. Finally, a foot steps down into view...then a white whale-bone peg leg. It descends slowly and painfully, as we see elaborate leather straps connecting it to a severed thigh. The Wife and Son watch with fear, mesmerized. On the staircase, a man's chest lowers into view... then the face of CAPTAIN AHAB. A face of fury and power, molded in bronze, eyes black as night. A long white scar streaks down from his bald crown to his collar. A fierce visage set in granite. A third BOOMING KNOCK at the door. Ahab glances at his wife and child, his expression unchanged. The anxious-faced Wife trembles. Dragging his peg leg to the door with agonizing THUNKS, Ahab opens it into the night... An icy GUST sweeps inside -- the lamp flickers out, cinder sparks fly from the hearth! Silhouetted against the harsh storm, FIVE GHOSTLY FIGURES fill the doorway. Their faces unseen, one with a turbaned head. A lightning flash gives us a quick glimpse -- sinister, demonic Arab faces.
38) 33) text: What about Captain Ahab?
48) 0) text: Captain Ahab looms high before the deckhouse. A godlike figure in bronze, braced against the wind. With his peg leg and white scar on his face, he's a frightening sight. Flanked behind him are the five Arabs we glimpsed at the outset, dressed in strange attire. FEDALLAH, the turbaned one, sports a sinister, dark-eyed face with an ugly smile of broken teeth. Ahab's personal harpooner, his shadow. Ahab glares down at the men scattered around the middeck, searching their faces.
118) 7) dialog: Aye, Captain! Thank you. I'm Captain Dowling. He reaches out a right hand to shake his hand, his left hand behind his back. Ahab nods with stubborn gloom, finding this man too jolly for his taste. ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd) We're a full ship, sir, and homeward bound!
118) 9) dialog: Then we'll bring ye good luck! My boys even won themselves a few brides from the Fiji Isles, as you can see... Impatient with this ceremony, Ahab gets to the point.
118) 11) dialog: THE white whale, d'you mean? Moby Dick, as some call him? 81. Ahab twitches, a shocked beat. Before he can reply, the Enderby Captain swings out his other arm from behind -- a white whale-bone arm with a_ hook. ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd) See you this? Ahab studies the arm with astonishment, then lifts his eyes to the Englishman's playful expression, who glances down at Ahab's peg leg.
118) 13) dialog: The white whale. All the crew turn to stare at his whalebone limb.
118) 15) dialog: And that leg, too? Understanding silence between them. Unexpectedly, the Enderby Captain laughs uproariously.
118) 16) dialog: A great, bouncing whale, was he?! Old as Genesis, with a milky white head?!
118) 18) dialog: Aye! And in a boiling rage!
118) 20) dialog: (gestures at his arm) Oh, a shocking bad wound it was, Capt'n Ahab! My surgeon did his damndest but he had to cut it off soon as it went black! Thank the stars I brought me wife on the voyage! She's been a great comfort to me--
118) 22) dialog: Well, to the point, after he stove my boats, we didn't see him again for some time.
118) 24) dialog: Twice.
118) 26) dialog: Why would I WANT to?! Isn't one limb enough? That white monster doesn't bite -- he
118) 29) dialog: Bless my soul, sir! Your blood's at the boiling point! His laughter is short-lived. Ahab suddenly spins around to Starbuck.
118) 31) dialog: What's the matter with him?! Has he lost his senses?
118) 33) dialog: Hmphh! The man's mad! 84. He turns indignantly away to deboard, signaling his men. ENDERBY CAPTAIN (cont'd) Away, boys! I'll not spend another moment on this ship... Starbuck stares after the Englishman, not moving. All around him, the crew is frozen in stunned amazement.
118) 35) dialog: Do not be a fool, Capt'n! Do not pursue Moby Dick, I warn ye! Beware, sir, he's a demon! (thunderously) Beware the BLASPHEMER'S END!
256) 3) dialog: Have ye seen a whale boat adrift, Captain?! Ahab's face tightens, taken back by that. He clings to a stay, cups his hand to his mouth and shouts:
256) 5) dialog: (distractedly) Aye, we have...this morning... Ahab reacts with renewed excitement, beside himself.
256) 7) dialog: What does that matter?! As beside himself as Ahab, the Captain shouts out with misery in his voice: RACHEL CAPTAIN (cont'd) My boy, sir! I lost a whale boat -- my own SON is on that boat! For God's sake, I beg of ye...help me find ‘im!
258) 2) dialog: I know you, Ahab -- we have shipped together! Let me charter your ship, sir, just for one day! I will gladly pay for it and pay handsomely! You must...you must and you shall do this for me, Ahab! Starbuck, Stubb and Ishmael listen to his pleadings, Stubb overwhelmed.
258) 7) dialog: Captain Ahab! I will not go Ahab's face anvil. The Ahab shakes 130 "til I hear ye say AYE to me! I know ye have a child of your own, safe in Nantucket! You know I'd do for you and your son what I'm askin' ye to do for mine! Yes, yes, I can see that you relent!... almost weakens, but he stands like an Rachel Captain shouts on determinedly: RACHEL CAPTAIN (cont'd) I see it! You're relenting, Ahab! (to his crew) Run, men! Stand by to square in the yards! (across to Ahab) We're all going to look for that whale boat, sir, and find my boy! his head, roaring into the wind:
260) 1) dialog: (a voice of doom) GOD will not forgive you for this, Ahab! He will not forgive you!! Across the waters, the Rachel starts to recede, as we steer off. The distant Captain stands fast, his figure dwindling away. Ishmael stares out at the sight, dread in his eyes.