4) 0) text: A short block of brick houses and taverns. A FEW PEOPLE scurry about, hugging buildings to escape the storm. Ishmael bundles along the sidewalk, drawn to the warm glow of oil lamps behind thick-paned windows. Across the street, ELIJAH, a stooped, scrawny old man wrapped in a tattered oilskin cape, watches Ishmael with demented eyes, muttering to himself. Ishmael pauses under a tavern sign with a harpoon crucifi CROSSED HARPOONS". He peers through the window:
6) 0) text: As Ishmael looks in, the tavern door swings open. A jovial, barrel-chested man (STUBB) clamors out with TWO DOXIES in each arm, laughing spiritedly. Ishmael backs up against the window to steer clear. Stubb and his prostitutes bustle off into the stormy night. Ishmael considers the tavern and digs out a few meager coins from his pocket. Someone distracts him: Crazy, old Elijah eyeballs him from across the street. Ishmael reacts and protectively pockets his coins. He moves on. A short distance further, another tavern with a sign overhead, swinging in the wind: "THE SPOUTER-INN, PETER COFFIN, PROPRIETOR". Ishmael glances through the window.
8) 0) text: Ishmael nods to himself. Perfect. He steps inside, as lightning flashes and thunder CRACKS behind him. Elijah suddenly appears at the window, the lightning reflecting his wild eyes. Staring inside, he licks his lips for want of a drink then wraps his cape around himself to stave off the windy chill. He wanders off, bab incoherently.
26) 0) text: A shadowy, deserted place. Blacksmith tools hang like ancient weapons. Half in the sunlight of the doorway, Ishmael and Queequeg face Elijah, who remains in shadow.
26) 2) dialog: Have ye shipped in that ship then, have ye?! Ishmael trades looks with Queequeg, who regards Elijah more with apprehension than curiosity.
26) 4) dialog: The articles, eh? Anything in there about your SOULS?! eyes, as if this were a revelation. ELIJAH (cont'd) No? Perhaps you haven't got any!? No matter! I know plenty of men haven't got a soul -- good luck to ‘em! Better off for it, some of ‘em! A soul's sort of a fifth wheel to a wagon, don't ye think?
26) 6) dialog: Oh, but HE's got enough to make up for the rest of us... plenty more than enough!
26) 8) dialog: I'm tellin' ye about OLD THUNDER! Haven't seen Old Thunder yet, have you?
26) 10) dialog: Captain Ahab! Ye haven't seen him yet, have ye? Queequeg shakes his head slowly. Ishmael looks away, exas Elijah cackles maniacally. 24.
26) 11) dialog: No, I didn't think so! Did they tell ye about him?
26) 13) dialog: All about it, eh? You sure now? But is all ye need to know ever enough, I ask you!? Ishmael starts to leave, but Queequeg detains him. ELIJAH (cont'd) So you've shipped then, have ye? Names down on paper? Well, what's to be will be... then again perhaps it won't! Anyhow, it's all fixed, all been arranged! Has been for a long time!
26) 15) dialog: The prophecy, mate! The prophecy of the PEQUOD! All aboard her will perish, save one man! All but one! Ishmael frowns at the old lunatic, fed up with this nonsense. Queequeg stares, frozen in place. ELIJAH (cont'd) Didn't know THAT, did ye, mates?! Did ye?! Did ye?!
26) 17) dialog: All but one! All but one!