17) 0) text: A vast platter of steaming steaks is plopped down on a 12. large table by a stout, red-faced woman, SAL COFFIN. As soon as the platter is on the table, the sharp spear of a harpoon stabs a fat cut of bloody red meat. Queequeg transfers the steak to his plate with quiet ceremony, the entire maneuver performed with exquisite ge and good manners. Setting aside his harpoon on the floor, he digs in. Ishmael watches him, baffled. The rest of the men don't seem to have noticed anything unusual. They reach for meat and bread, far less politely, and noisily chow down. A brown and brawny bunch, Stubb and Flask among them. Ishmael glances behind him:
17) 1) text: BULKINGTON, a handsome, stalwart seaman with a quiet reserve, sits at another table with his young, pretty FIANCEE. They talk in low voices, holding hands. Ishmael turns back...the platter of steaks is almost empty. He takes the last cut, a small, overcooked portion. Studies it with resignation. He's about to cut into it, when his steak is removed by Sal... She grins and presents him with a whole new platter piled high with fine, rare slices. Stubb and Flask chuckle at Ishmael. Sal gives them a stern look.
34) 2) dialog: Pull, ye monkeys, or by gor I'll give ye a good sea toss! 31. He turns on Ishmael who stops, his soft hands blistering. FLASK (cont'd) Go to it, landlubber, pull! Flukes and flames, boy, are ye that green in the gills?!
34) 4) dialog: What're YOU lookin' at, ye dumb, painted savage?! Second Mate Stubb leans over the quarterdeck bannister, s a proverbial short black pipe.
36) 6) dialog: Just don't ever let fightin' FLASK catch ye laughin' at ‘im, Stubb! (nods at Ishmael) So what're we goin' to do with this pup? (to Ishmael) Yer own mother would make a better sailor.
36) 8) dialog: Then try this! Swab the deck, since that's all yer good for. Ishmael resigns himself to it. Pip dances by, banging cheerily on his tambourine, lifting Ishmael's spirits.
38) 18) dialog: What say we open some grog to quell his growin' pains?
38) 20) dialog: To hell with permission... He makes for the Carpenter's bunk and kicks open a tool box -- revealing a hidden rum bottle. Flask snatches it up. The Carpenter jumps up, alarmed.
38) 23) dialog: Potent medicine, I'll wager... He pops out the cork with his teeth and starts to take a swig -- Stubb grabs it away from him.
38) 25) dialog: Aye! That's the manly way! Aloof on his bunk in b.g., Bulkington watches them.
38) 27) dialog: Easy, this ain't for you... (to Ishmael) Go to it, pup! Drink to yer first whale kill! Woozy Ishmael downs another healthy swallow, getting used to the burn. Getting drunk. The men laugh and urge him on, their MERRIMENT rising in pitch, until... In b.g. comes a familiar THUNK-CLOP, THUNK-CLOP...
38) 29) dialog: Aye...a terrifyin' creature, they say, and fearful angry!
38) 31) dialog: An' I don't want any who are! (to Ishmael) Why, I've lowered for a sperm whale from a leaking ship in a gale off Cape Horn! Weaving drunkenly, Ishmael listens fascinated.
38) 35) dialog: Killed fifteen of ‘em between a sunrise and a sunset!
38) 38) dialog: Tell us, mate! Tell us what happened to the Capt'n?
38) 42) dialog: Aye -- even a Man o' War!
47) 0) text: Men busy at work. Flask tosses Pip his tambourine.
47) 1) dialog: Give us some cheer, Pip! Bang it, rig it, make fire flies and rattle our teeth! Pip plays it and dances a fast jig, skipping merrily around the middeck, toward the quarter deck...then suddenly stops. His eyes fix on an unsettling sight. Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, all deckhands cease their duties and fall silent. Staring in Pip's direction:
52) 3) dialog: Maybe he's got us all here to show us how well he walks on one leg. The last to arrive, Ishmael cranes his neck behind the others to get a better view of the Captain. Ahab stops pacing and plants a whalebone peg into one of the Carpenter's deck holes, rooting himself. He faces the crew. A deep, throaty resonance, loud and forceful:
52) 7) dialog: Lower away, and after him!
59) 0) text: A quiet, more civilized scene. Starbuck reads alone from a bible. Stubb and Flask play a game of Draught.
71) 2) dialog: Would ye lookit that?!
76) 0) text: Flask shouts to Starbuck, pointing toward the Arabs' boat.
76) 1) dialog: Who are those devils, sir?! Did the Capt'n bring ‘em along 64. to make fools of us all!
85) 1) text: Instantly, Flask's boat streaks in for the kill.
87) 0) text: The whale's tail jerks upward, catching Flask's boat -- flipping it skyward! Flask and his crew are thrown high into the churning sea, far from view! Too close to Starbuck's boat, thrashing flukes slap down against the water with crashing power -- and send a wave that almost tips his boat over!
92) 0) text: A dead, blood-soaked sperm whale floats, fluke out. Fedal kill. A distance off, Starbuck's boat, men climbing back into her. But not a sign of Flask's boat. Stubb's boat drifts into view toward Fedallah's boat.
99) 0) text: A floating speck far on the horizon...an overturned whaleboat. On the upturned bow stands Dagoo. Short Flask sits on his shoulders, waving his arms like a semaphore. The rest of the men cling to the boat from the water.
102) 0) text: Starbuck and Flask change clothes, while Stub lights his pipe and Pip collects their wet garments. Flask strips off a shirt and tosses it sourly.
102) 1) dialog: That damned foreign monkey... takin' our rightful whale like that!
102) 4) dialog: How d'ye mean? Like a ghost?
102) 8) dialog: Did ye hear the way he talks to the Capt'n in that slithery tongue? What d'ye suppose they talk about?
104) 0) text: Stubb hastens across the deck, accompanied by the Cook, Flask, Ishmael and the Carpenter, who carries a lamp rigged to the wooden staff of a harpoon. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego follow them with spears and lances.
111) 0) text: Stubb sits down with Flask at a makeshift table, complete with napkins, knives and forks. In b.g., Ishmael, the Carpenter and the harpooners hungrily watch the ceremony. The two officers dig into their steaks with relish, Stubb leaning over in a low voice: STUBB (cont'd) Poor Capt'n. The whale eats him, 'stead of him eatin' the whale. Flask listens to the shark's savagings, annoyed.
111) 1) dialog: Blast those critters...they're kicking up such a shindy I'm losin' me appetite! At the grill, the Cook forks out the last three steaks onto a platter. The Carpenter steps over and gloats at them with salivating eyes.
111) 12) dialog: G'won, what're ye waitin' for?! The Carpenter looks back. The Cook nods mockingly.
112) 2) dialog: Lookit 'em devils, Stubb... idlin' away while the rest of us slave! I got a good mind to stove their boat and send "em to Davy Jones! 77.
118) 0) text: Viewed from our deck: the happy, drunken Enderby crew crowd the bulwarks, facing us. They wave flasks of grog, SHOUTING across and gesturing us to join them. Scanning across the faces of our crewmen, we see the eager anticipation of licking lips and ogling eyes. Ishmael gawks at the LAUGHING native girls, their voices like sweet music. Queequeg nods knowingly to himself, a nostalgic look. Sunning in the whaleboat, only Fedellah's crew shows no interest. Flask turns to Stubb, unable to take his eyes off the girls.
118) 1) dialog: Heaven seize me, that's a purty sight! A man forgets how awful lonesome it gets out here.
120) 2) dialog: Blast his eyes...he has no heart!
126) 0) text: Fetching a bucket, Perth extracts a hidden flask from under his bunk. He sneaks a long, deep swig. Starbuck barrels downstairs, in a foul state of mind.
152) 0) text: Flask's boat passes beside Starbuck's.
152) 1) dialog: It was Moby Dick, all right! Fog, snow or hail, I don't care -- I'll fetch that gold doubloon or die tryin'! (to rowers) Pull, damn ye! Show some muscle! Dagoo sings a rhythmic AFRICAN CHANT, the oarsmen echoing him, rowing to his beat. Ahead of them: Ahab's boat materializes out of the dense fog, moving steadily forward.
156) 1) dialog: Hold the oars! Hold still! The men raise their oars and look out into the luminous night. Dagoo commands the bow, taking a firm grip of his harpoon.
180) 0) text: Ahab signals his oarsmen, and the boat slows. In b.g., Stubb's and Flask's boats row in close to join them, the whalers assessing the new kill. Ahab turns, his face in shadow like a phantom in the still gloom.
181) 9) dialog: Seems a shame to leave behind such a noble prize. Queequeg grunts scoffingly and turns away to the bow, more interested in the rescue than the whale.
193) 0) text: 106 Queequeg boards with little Pip in his arms, the boy dazed but alive. Bulkington takes him and hands him to Flask, who gives him to Stubb. The men pass the boy between them like a bucket brigade...to Starbuck, who sits Pip atop an oil barrel.
198) 0) text: Starbuck steps down to middeck before a curious sight at the bottom of the main mast: Ahab stands on the flat seat of a custom-made cradle suspended a few feet off the deck. Stubb and Flask rig pulley lines beside him. Starbuck approaches Ahab.
203) 0) text: Stubb shakes his head up at him. He turns to peer closely at the doubloon. Starbuck, Flask and Ishmael join him.
203) 2) dialog: It's ship's bounty to ME, Stubb -- it'll win me nine hundred and sixty cigars! In b.g., Fedallah chortles mischievously at them with a toothy grin and shakes his head. 111
216) 0) text: The tri-works furnace burns, billowing black smoke. The Cook pulls out a baked loaf of bread on the blade end of a harpoon. The Blacksmith dumps in a bucket of whale oil to fuel the tri-works' blaze. Bundled in winter coats and scarves, Stubb, Flask and others huddle close to the warmth of its open hearth. Ishmael paces nearby to ward off the cold. Starbuck steps over to watch the Blacksmith dip his bucket into an open oil cask.
216) 2) dialog: What good is our damned profits if we freeze to death?! Starbuck nods resignedly and kneels down to warm himself beside Bulkington and Pip. The men glance sullenly toward their lone captain on the bow.
274) 3) dialog: What, now?!
275) 0) text: The dark bowels of the ship. Oil barrels are piled high against the hull. The three mates stand in an 144 inch of leaking oil covering the floor, balancing themselves to the ship's lilting sway. Starbuck illuminates the sinister hold with a lamp, Stubb and Flask staring at him.
275) 3) dialog: We're not merchantmen, we're whalers. Starbuck gestures down at the oil-flooded floor, charged with angry energy.
275) 5) dialog: Careful there, Stubb! The whole damn ship could go up. Eying the oil leak, Stubb cautiously puts the pipe away.
275) 11) dialog: Aye, a mighty capt'n! The king of the seas, the lord of leviathans -- we can't go up against that! Starbuck turns away, frustrated, trying to collect his wits to get through to them.
275) 14) dialog: Aye! I'll have no part of it! He turns and climbs out of the hold. Starbuck looks at Stubb with unyielding eyes. Stubb shakes his head.
294) 0) text: Flask, caught up in Ahab's delusion, points excitedly.
294) 1) dialog: There!! I see him, Capt'n!
296) 2) dialog: By flukes! Is he a ghost?!
304) 0) text: A deathly quiet reigns over the deck, like a ghost ship. Broken spars and scattered rigging from the storm lie about, unattended to. The ship seems at first glance deserted, but there are seamen about... Dough-Boy, aloft in the lookout. Dagoo and Tashtego squat on the bow gunwale, harpoons in hand, eyes fixed on the horizon with warrior-like intensity. Stubb cons the ship on the wheeldeck, puffing his pipe. Flask at the helm. Both gaze steadily seaward with fanatical concentration. Fedallah and his crew straddle yard arms, staring uniformly out to sea. Zealous sentinels, watching and waiting. Not a sound from anyone. No talking, no laughter, not even from Stubb. All are focused on whatever is out there. All with one singular purpose.
324) 0) text: Whalers' faces gape seaward. Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, Ishmael, Queequeg, Tashtego, Dagoo, Fedallah. With anticipation or dread, this is the moment they've all been waiting for. Ahab stands rigid, focused and still -- until murderous rage explodes full force from his face.
326) 0) text: A mad race to get there first. Rowers work with mindless concentration, muscle and rhythm in sync, racing full speed ahead of Stubb's and Flask's boats. Ahab exhorts them from the bow, leaning fiercely forward, looking like Moses on a Red Sea.
335) 0) text: Their boats rocking in the wake of destruction, Stubb and Flask stare awestruck, speechless. The men look on in wondrous fear.
337) 0) text: The chase is on again, building momentum. Starbuck's boat closes in on the mountainous whale, Stubb's and Flask's boats right behind them.
347) 0) text: Flask echoes Stubb, inflamed with passion.
347) 1) dialog: Pull, dammit, pull! DEATH to Moby Dick!! Dagoo leaps onto the prow with raised harpoon and a BOOMING WAR CRY.
348) 0) text: Stubb's and Flask's boats advance rapidly toward MOBY DICK -- the giant whale heading their way, dragging Starbuck's boat behind him.
354) 0) text: MOBY DICK shoots straight up out of the water like an explosion -- lifting Stubb's boat high, rupturing it! The boat splinters into pieces, scattering wood and men far and wide! Plunging back down with a huge SPLASH, the whale wields its great tail over Flask's boat...
356) 0) text: Nothing is left of Stubb, Flask, their men or their boats but flotsam and floating bodies. MOBY DICK turns away from the carnage and plows his ominous way toward the ship itself. Ishmael flounders in the choppy waters, trying to keep his head afloat. He sees someone and swims desperately toward him... Queequeg drifts, clinging weakly to a floating oar. The end of his harpoon juts oddly from the water. Ishmael holds onto the oar, gasping, spitting water.