1) 0) text: Powerful waves crash against coastal rocks. ISHMAEL (late 20's), an inquisitive young man with an amiable, in face, ventures along a beachside trail against the beating wind, toting a small satchel.
3) 0) text: THREE NANTUCKET WOMEN in dark clothes and shawls collect from a storage shed, their faces etched by years of hardship and woe. A look of widows about them. Ishmael passes before them, and we follow him through a clutter of barrels and ship refuse into town.
4) 0) text: A short block of brick houses and taverns. A FEW PEOPLE scurry about, hugging buildings to escape the storm. Ishmael bundles along the sidewalk, drawn to the warm glow of oil lamps behind thick-paned windows. Across the street, ELIJAH, a stooped, scrawny old man wrapped in a tattered oilskin cape, watches Ishmael with demented eyes, muttering to himself. Ishmael pauses under a tavern sign with a harpoon crucifi CROSSED HARPOONS". He peers through the window:
6) 0) text: As Ishmael looks in, the tavern door swings open. A jovial, barrel-chested man (STUBB) clamors out with TWO DOXIES in each arm, laughing spiritedly. Ishmael backs up against the window to steer clear. Stubb and his prostitutes bustle off into the stormy night. Ishmael considers the tavern and digs out a few meager coins from his pocket. Someone distracts him: Crazy, old Elijah eyeballs him from across the street. Ishmael reacts and protectively pockets his coins. He moves on. A short distance further, another tavern with a sign overhead, swinging in the wind: "THE SPOUTER-INN, PETER COFFIN, PROPRIETOR". Ishmael glances through the window.
8) 0) text: Ishmael nods to himself. Perfect. He steps inside, as lightning flashes and thunder CRACKS behind him. Elijah suddenly appears at the window, the lightning reflecting his wild eyes. Staring inside, he licks his lips for want of a drink then wraps his cape around himself to stave off the windy chill. He wanders off, bab incoherently.
9) 0) text: A deserted anteroom. VOICES drift in from a rear dining room, its doorway framed by a huge whale jawbone. Ishmael drops his satchel, removes his coat and hangs it on a rack. He stops to notice a painting on a dark wall. Trying to make out its massive center image, Ishmael draw to focus on the eye of a mammoth sperm whale: A terrifying depiction of a monstrous leviathan, leaping over a ship's tall masts. Ishmael is transfixed by it. A voice startles him:
9) 2) dialog: Aye, that I am. Moving behind the counter, Coffin turns the registration book around, takes a pen and dips it into an inkwell.
9) 4) dialog: No. He takes the pen and signs his name, Coffin watching him.
9) 6) dialog: Not very likely. A passenger needs a wallet, and that's just a slice of leather when there's nothing in it.
9) 8) dialog: No, a simple sailor, jumping from spar to spar like a grasshopper in a May meadow... like a slave you might say, but who isn't a slave? Tell me that?
9) 10) dialog: Aye! Might ye have a room then for a simple sailor, Mister...Coffin, is it?
9) 12) dialog: Harpooner? Well...I'd rather put up with half any decent man's blanket than wander further on so bitter a night. Another GALE OF LAUGHTER from the dining area. Ishmael peers curiously around the counter to see the doorway: A room filled with bawdy, gruff-looking men. Standing close by the doorway is FLASK, a short, pugnacious mariner in a restless mood. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Could that be him, sir? The harpooner you mentioned?
10) 0) text: 0il lamp in hand, Coffin leads Ishmael through a narrow, twisty corridor of labyrinthine turns and steps. Up three steps and down, around a corner and over another set of steps, passing dim-lit doors. Coffin walks fast, I struggling to keep up. As they pass one door... A giggling, half-naked girl (one of Stubb's Doxies) spills out. Stubb yanks her back inside, slams the door. Ishmael pauses to look back, puzzling over their MUFFLED Coffin glances back with a chortle.
11) 2) dialog: Seems a trifle small for two grown men.
11) 4) dialog: Mind ye, I'm not complaining, Mister Coffin...I'd just like to know what kind of man I'd be sharing it with.
11) 6) dialog: Call me...Ishmael. Coffin nods and exits, closing the door behind him. Ishmael gazes around the room. In a corner sits a giant sea chest with mysterious, painted designs. Pondering it, Ishmael takes off his boots and pants, crawls under the bed's blanket and leans toward the bedside oil lamp. He blows it out.
14) 0) text: Viewed from Ishmael's door, the tall, ominous figure lumbers down the dark hall toward us.
15) 0) text: Ishmael is startled awake by a LOUD CREAK of the door. He peeks out of the covers. The tall figure enters and leans his immense harpoon gently against a wall, as if it were delicate china. He lights a small candle on a dresser. A dark-skinned Polynesian, Queequeg's clean-shaved face is covered with strange, exotic tattoos. His face is ferocious-looking and yet tranquil, almost innocent in ch He pulls a satchel off his shoulder, opens it and takes out what vaguely resembles a doll's head. Obscure in the dim light, Ishmael watches in awe. It's a shrunken human head. Queequeg lifts it up to the candlelight and chants some indecipherable words to it. Ishmael stares warily from his covers. Queequeg abruptly stops his invocation, stuffs the head back into his satchel and moves the candle to the bedside table. He quickly undresses. Ishmael can't take his eyes off the muscular, tattooed body -- as Queequeg leaps into the bed beside him. Still unaware of Ishmael's presence, Queequeg produces a long tomahawk pipe, leans toward the candle, lights the pipe and sits back in bed, puffing serenely. He rests his free hand down next to him...directly onto I face. Ishmael stiffens with fear. Queequeg freezes. Ishmael tries to jump out of bed -- but Queequeg grabs him by his nightshirt collar and firmly holds him down. He deftly wields his tomahawk, its blade against Ishmael's throat.
15) 2) dialog: (cries out) Landlord! Mister Coffin! Queequeg's frown tightens, though somehow more curious than angry. He presses the blade of the tomahawk harder a Ishmael's throat and growls:
15) 5) dialog: 
15) 6) text: Why didn't you tell me this... harpooner I'm sharing a bed with is a bleedin' CANNIBAL, for Christ's sake?! Coffin pays no attention to Ishmael as he faces Queequeg.
16) 0) text: Cold sunlight peeks into the room from the only window. Q sleeps, his arm wrapped around Ishmael's chest. Ishmael l awake, immobilized by Queequeg's unconscious embrace.
16) 1) dialog: Queequeg! A loud snore. Ishmael puts some serious effort into tryin to liberate himself, to no avail. ISHMAEL (cont'd) (louder) Queequeg...wake up, ye big, savage oaf! In the name of goodness. ..WAKE UP! He writhes, pushes and strains his way free of the giant who slowly wakes. Ishmael drops his feet to the floor and shakes his head. To himself: ISHMAEL (cont'd) Must be dreamin' of his savage wife, back in whatever savage place he escaped from! Queequeg's eyes open. He grins at Ishmael, yawns and leaps out of bed with amazing agility. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Good morning to ye too, big king of the typhoon snore... Ishmael stares with bewilderment at his brown torso, covered with tattoos from head to toe. Queequeg's grin is friendly, as though he were used to being gawked at.
17) 0) text: A vast platter of steaming steaks is plopped down on a 12. large table by a stout, red-faced woman, SAL COFFIN. As soon as the platter is on the table, the sharp spear of a harpoon stabs a fat cut of bloody red meat. Queequeg transfers the steak to his plate with quiet ceremony, the entire maneuver performed with exquisite ge and good manners. Setting aside his harpoon on the floor, he digs in. Ishmael watches him, baffled. The rest of the men don't seem to have noticed anything unusual. They reach for meat and bread, far less politely, and noisily chow down. A brown and brawny bunch, Stubb and Flask among them. Ishmael glances behind him:
17) 1) text: BULKINGTON, a handsome, stalwart seaman with a quiet reserve, sits at another table with his young, pretty FIANCEE. They talk in low voices, holding hands. Ishmael turns back...the platter of steaks is almost empty. He takes the last cut, a small, overcooked portion. Studies it with resignation. He's about to cut into it, when his steak is removed by Sal... She grins and presents him with a whole new platter piled high with fine, rare slices. Stubb and Flask chuckle at Ishmael. Sal gives them a stern look.
17) 3) dialog: Yes indeed, ma'am! He reaches enthusiastically for the platter, Stubb and Flask laughing heartily at him. Queequeg stabs up a steak with his harpoon and drops it on Ishmael's plate with a big grin. Ishmael smiles back, getting used to his new friend.
18) 0) text: A clear, crisp winter day on the now crowded street. Ishmael and Queequeg emerge from the Spouter Inn, Ishmael an old wheelbarrow piled up with his satchel and Queequeg chest. Puffing on his tomahawk, Queequeg reaches into his bag and produces the shrunken head. Ishmael reacts, glancing self-consciously.
18) 1) dialog: Queequeg, put that thing away! These good Nantucket Christians will take you for the devil himself.
18) 3) dialog: For God's sake, it's a man's head! A very dead real man, too! Nantucketers don't carry the dead around in their bags! They bury ‘em, don't ye know that?
18) 6) dialog: You're sayin' your...Yojo wants ME to choose a ship? Is that what you mean?
18) 8) dialog: Will ye be shippin' out with me then? Is that what you're trying to tell me, Queequeg? Queequeg nods with a bright grin, his sharpened teeth white as snow. He reaches into his bag again and brings out a handful of coins. Dropping them unceremoniously to the ground, he stops and crouches there. Ishmael stops and sets down the wheelbarrow, watching him curiously. Queequeg divides the coins into two separate piles, pockets half of them, then stands and plops the other half into Ishmael's hand. Ishmael doesn't understand, but Queequeg has already turned away to continue on down the street. Ishmael grabs the barrow and catches up to him.
18) 9) dialog: Queequeg! Wait, stop...AVAST there, mate! Queequeg stops and waits, puffing patiently on his pipe. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Listen, my friend...this is simply out of the question! What the devil is the matter with ye?! A puzzled, hurt look from Queequeg. 15.
18) 11) dialog: No...I mean yes, of course I will! What I mean is... YOU'RE better suited to pick out a whaler best fitted to carry us, not I. (pushes coins back) And I shall certainly not take your money! Not looking at the coins, Queequeg thoughtfully exhales smoke, trying to understand. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Listen, Queequeg...I fear I must make a confession. (leans closer) I used to be a school teacher. D'ye know what that is?
18) 13) dialog: Well, not exactly. What I'm tryin' to say is...I never jumped a spar in my life.
18) 15) dialog: (embarrassed) Aye. Meno sailor. It's just, ye see...I have this burnin' desire to go to sea. Queequeg grins, understanding perfectly. He pats the satchel with utter confidence. 16.
21) 0) text: Queequeg ceases his chanting, scanning the contours of the Pequod's tall masts. Ishmael looks up with him, studying the old vessel with admiration and curiosity.
21) 1) dialog: 
21) 4) dialog: And covered with whale teeth! Their eyes lower to the deck, where each bulwark is decorated with the long sharp teeth of sperm whales, some used for fastening ropes. Queequeg nods, but says nothing. Ishmael ponders the whole ship. ISHMAEL (cont'd) There's something a bit... melancholy about her, if you ask me. As if to contradict him, Pip PLAYS his tambourine and hums in a light, angelic voice. Queequeg smiles at him, some vague brotherly connection between them. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Well...I suppose Yojo's made our choice for us. He musters courage and struts up the gangplank, trying to look swarthy. Queequeg waits on the dock, smoking and leaning on his harpoon, still assessing the Pequod.
22) 0) text: Ishmael stops before Peleg, who barely acknowledges him.
22) 1) dialog: Beg pardon, sir? Might this be the Captain? Peleg stops writing and faces Ishmael with a closed expre
22) 3) dialog: I was thinking of shippin'. 18. Peleg frowns and looks him over critically.
22) 5) dialog: Nothing, sir, but I want to see what whaling is. I want to see the world.
22) 7) dialog: No sir, it does not.
22) 9) dialog: Captain Ahab, sir? Who is Captain Ahab? BILDAD, another older gentleman, appears from below deck. As thin as Peleg is round, he glances over Ishmael with a dry, tight-lipped expression.
22) 14) dialog: I do! Yessir!
22) 16) dialog: But I thought I WAS speakin' to the Captain, sir.
24) 0) text: On his own, Ishmael turns back to Peleg.
24) 1) dialog: Where IS this Captain Ahab, 20. sir?
24) 3) dialog: To see him. I'd like to... see him. The men at work now slow their pace, eavesdropping. Pip rattles his tambourine at an ominous tempo, until the Cook gestures him to cease.
24) 7) dialog: This is my friend Queequeg. He wants to ship, too. Both the captains look Queequeg over with some dismay. Everyone on board turns to regard this tattooed giant.
24) 9) dialog: Why, he's killed more whales than you can count... Queequeg rests a hand on his shoulder to stop him. He coolly faces the captains and points at a small, dark knothole on the farthest mast.
24) 15) text: Oh, all right then...we'll sign him on too. (to Ishmael) But you earn only a fifth of what HE gets! Ishmael and Queequeg exchange pleased grins.
25) 0) text: Ishmael and Queequeg stride back down the dock, their belongings left behind. Both in high spirits.
26) 0) text: A shadowy, deserted place. Blacksmith tools hang like ancient weapons. Half in the sunlight of the doorway, Ishmael and Queequeg face Elijah, who remains in shadow.
26) 1) dialog: What d'ye want, old man? The ragged old codger looks them both over like a man pos In a harsh, broken breath:
26) 3) dialog: Fire in his 23. The Pequod? Why yes, we've just signed the articles.
26) 5) dialog: What're ye jabberin' about? Elijah gestures outside with great flourish.
26) 7) dialog: Let's go, Queequeg. This fellow's broken loose from his moorings...
26) 9) dialog: Who's Old Thunder?
26) 12) dialog: I know all I need to know.
26) 14) dialog: What? What's been fixed? What're ye blatherin' about?
26) 16) dialog: Come along, Queequeg. Let's leave this fool to his ravings. Queequeg can't take his eyes off Elijah, a hint of fear in his eyes. Ishmael tugs at Queequeg, and they leave Elijah cackling at them from the shed doorway. 25.
27) 0) text: They exit the blacksmith shed and move on toward town. Ishmael looks a bit disturbed but tries not to show it. Queequeg is deeply perturbed. Ishmael notices this and jostles him.
27) 1) dialog: Don't take it to heart, he's just some crazy old loon...
27) 3) dialog: A soul? Well, that's a difficult question... He hears a CHURCH BELL RINGING in the distance. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Ye believe in God, Queequeg? Y'know...like a big chief over all men?
27) 5) dialog: I reckon so, but bigger than that. Like a captain of the stars. He notices TOWNSPEOPLE moving toward a white clapboard church with a tall steeple. Thinking to himself. ISHMAEL (cont'd) I can't really explain it to ye...but I can SHOW ye.
28) 0) text: Ishmael and Queequeg approach the church. Queequeg stops before it, hesitating. He's never been inside one before, and it unnerves him a little. 26.
28) 1) dialog: It's just a house of God, Queequeg...OUR god, that is. (urges him on) Trust me. Ye can learn all about the soul here. Queequeg nods, trusting him implicitly. They move on.
29) 0) text: A CONGREGATION is gathered in pews, facing a pulpit unlike any other -- built to exactly replicate the bow of a ship. Its towering platform forms the mock ship's sharp prow. Ishmael and Queequeg enter quietly and take a rear seat, Queequeg drawing stares. Among the worshippers sits STARBUCK (30's), a sharp, good-looking, experienced seaman with a pragmatic way about him, full of watchful curiosity. Beside him, his seasoned WIFE and TWO beautiful CHILDREN. Nearby sit Bulkington and his Fiancee, their hands clenched tight. Starbuck's Wife glances toward Bulkington's bride: the girl looks tense and anxious. Up front sits Ahab's weary Wife, red-eyed from long nights of tears. And her son, a fixed, distant gaze. From the high pulpit looms FATHER MAPPLE, a patronly, messiah-like figure. In the rear pews, Ishmael recognizes the minister and nudges Queequeg, whispering aside.
29) 1) dialog: That's Father Mapple. I hear he used to be a harpooner. Father Mapple scans the scattered gathering before him with a furrowed brow and waves them all closer. With a deep, penetrating voice:
34) 3) dialog: Not that green, sir! He keeps pulling, despite the pain. Queequeg gives Flask a surly look.
36) 0) text: The halyard pulling stops. Ishmael nurses his palms and s across the heaving deck, a bit seasick. A ship's boom swings across the deck, about to broadside him -- Queequeg yanks him out of the way. Both topple across the deck together. Stubb bellows a laugh.
36) 2) dialog: Aye, aye, sir. But I don't think it's proper to make jest of another man's peril.
36) 4) dialog: The easiest, you mean. Stubb leaps down from the quarterdeck and claps him on the shoulder with a hard but friendly whack.
36) 7) dialog: I'm tryin' my best, sir. up a bucket and tosses it roughly to him.
37) 4) dialog: What're those holes for, sir?
37) 7) dialog: Mister Stubb, sir? Will he ever make an appearance, do ye suppose? Ahab, I mean?
37) 9) dialog: Will we see a whale soon, I wonder?
38) 12) dialog: You pagans need to teach us Christians the art of kindness.
38) 14) dialog: Aye! Grub ho! They rise and wend their way to the Cook's turrine. Stubb and Flask enter. The men's rabble rousing settles down to a respectful lull.
38) 32) dialog: 
38) 36) dialog: What of the whale that took his leg? Did he kill it too?
40) 0) text: In his bunk, groggy-eyed Ishmael awakens. A splitting hangover. He sits up painfully with his bandaged hands and focuses on the bustle of men around him: Deckhands wash and dress, preparing for the morning watch. Queequeg shaves before a shard of mirror with the razor edge of his harpoon. A sailor has his head down on a bench, the Carpenter about to pierce his ear with a nail and hammer. Ishmael rises and shuffles to a wash bin, holding his aching head. He winces to the RAP of a hammer -- and a sailor's SCREAM. 42.
41) 5) dialog: Aye, aye, Sir... Steeling himself, Ishmael takes the first rungs of the 43. rope ladder with swathed hands and painfully hoists himself up. He climbs up slowly, unaccustomed to the wide rungs.
42) 0) text: Ishmael climbs faster with all his strength, the ladder swaying in the wind. The higher he climbs, the more the ships seems to pitch and toss. He looks down: A dizzying view of a tiny deck, blue sea all around.
43) 0) text: Queequeg waves to urge him on. By now, most of the crew are watching Ishmael's virgin climb. Starbuck sidles over beside Stubb with amusement and concern.
44) 0) text: High aloft, Ishmael braves it to the topgallant mast. The lookout top under his feet are two thin sticks, a hundred feet above deck. Like standing on weaving stilts. Ishmael perches himself, holding on for dear life. He's made it.
46) 1) text: Towering over vast ocean, Ishmael forgets his pain and scans the magnificent vista. An exhilarating experience.
51) 0) text: The men on the yards descend quickly, sliding down sails and halyard ropes. High on his perch, Ishmael climbs down urgently, no longer afraid, anxious to get below.
57) 0) text: A besotted crew SINGS WHALING SONGS, sprawled about tables and bunks like slovenly pirates. Their cups empty, most of them too drunk to move. Ishmael wends through them and turns down a corridor.
58) 0) text: Ishmael passes a doorway into the mates' quarters and glances inside:
60) 0) text: Ishmael emerges from below and breathes in the sea air. He looks toward Fedallah and his strange crew: setting up camp in a spare whaleboat. Bedding and food have been laid out, as if they were on a different ship from the rest of the crew. They converse in low, guttural ARABIC. Ishmael turns to the side for solitude, gazing over the moonlit sea. Then realizes he's not alone... Ahab stands some yards away by the bulwark, also gazing out. He produces a pipe and lights it, cupping the bowl with bony hands. A ship's lamp casts a flickering light across his weathered visage. Ishmael retreats a step into shadow, afraid of the man, yet fascinated by him. 59. Unaware of him, Ahab smokes in silence. He takes the pipe from his mouth and stares at it, shaking his head. His voice unusually subdued:
62) 0) text: Without another word, Ahab THUNK-CLOPS away. Ishmael gazes after him, baffled by him.
63) 0) text: Most of the crew are dead asleep. Ishmael steps quietly among the cramped bunks. No sound but for men's snores, the whish of water against the hull. Ishmael pauses to smile at Queequeg, who sleeps with one 60. arm clutching his harpoon. He makes his way to his bunk. to discern another distant SOUND beyond the hull: An eerie, haunting, watery MELODY from deep in the ocean, away. Pip is awake on his bunk, ears close to the hull, as he listens to the mysterious SOUND. Ishmael crouches beside him, fondly watching the boy. Their eyes meet.
63) 1) dialog: Is it mermaids, lad?
71) 0) text: Cranes are thrust out, line tubs fixed in their places and whaling boats swung over to be lowered, sailors working frantically. Three boats lower fast, chains CLANKING, ropes HISSING, and splash onto the water. A clamor of SHOUTS, rowers, ha and the three mates scrambling down ladders, into their respective boats. A fourth spare boat is lowered by Fedallah's crew, aloof from the others, working silently and efficiently. In Starbuck's boat, Ishmael mans the oars with others, br with anticipation of his first whale hunt. Queequeg attaches rope lines to his harpoons. The boat casts away from the ship. Stubb cries out from his boat, as they too cast off.
75) 0) text: Ishmael rows arduously, working up a sweat. He looks over the rise of a long swell, just in time to see great Queequeg, the lead rower, rows like a dynamo, guiding the pace. Starbuck works the tiller.
79) 0) text: Ishmael, rowing exhaustedly near Starbuck, turns to him.
79) 1) dialog: What do YOU think of those new boys, Mister Starbuck?
89) 0) text: Starbuck's men flail about in the turbulent water, trying to reach their boat. Ishmael splashes frantically in the watery chaos, whales all around him. Waves from the slapping tail plow over him, frothing up water like an eggbeater. Losing strength, Ishmael sinks beneath the surface!
89) 1) text: Ishmael sinks fast amidst the enormous shapes of whales, behind him an underwater cloud of blood. Eyes wide open as he flails, he glimpses an amazing sight: Across the deep blue, a mother whale with her cub. A half-dozen bull whales circle protectively around her. Queequeg suddenly appears from behind -- grabs Ishmael by the waist and quickly swims back to the surface.
90) 1) text: Queequeg surfaces with Ishmael in tow. Ishmael spits out water, coughing and gagging. Fedallah's boat appears, as if by incarnation.
91) 0) text: Standing proudly in the bow, Fedallah grins down contemptuously down at Queequeg and Ishmael in the water. He reaches out and hauls them both into the boat with superhuman strength. Catching his breath, Ishmael looks out at the settling sea:
97) 0) text: Fedallah leaps on deck, as Pip dances and tambourines around him. The old Carpenter bangs a bell with his hammer, applauding him. Stubb and Tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger looks at the Arab, a mix of admiration and resentment. Fe casually picks his teeth with a tapering, knife-long fingernail. They help aboard Ishmael...wet, shivering, in shock. Then come Starbuck and Queequeg, both soaked to the bone but composed as if nothing had happened.
101) 0) text: Men dry off and change clothes. Queequeg rubs down shivering Ishmael who's still traumatized, his teeth rattling. Dagoo and his crew climb below deck, all dripping wet but cheerful and laughing loudly. Ishmael turns to Queequeg.
101) 1) dialog: Why is everyone so damn merry? We almost drowned!
104) 0) text: Stubb hastens across the deck, accompanied by the Cook, Flask, Ishmael and the Carpenter, who carries a lamp rigged to the wooden staff of a harpoon. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego follow them with spears and lances.
106) 0) text: Ishmael leans over the bulwark, staring awestruck at the infernal scene and the intrepid harpooners.
111) 0) text: Stubb sits down with Flask at a makeshift table, complete with napkins, knives and forks. In b.g., Ishmael, the Carpenter and the harpooners hungrily watch the ceremony. The two officers dig into their steaks with relish, Stubb leaning over in a low voice: STUBB (cont'd) Poor Capt'n. The whale eats him, 'stead of him eatin' the whale. Flask listens to the shark's savagings, annoyed.
113) 0) text: High aloft in the rigging, Ishmael paints the spars with tar. Queequeg does the same beside him, both of them hanging precariously over a fifty-foot drop. His hands healed and strong, Ishmael no longer shows any fear. Below him, a crow's nest view: a deck swathed in gore. Revolted by the sight, Ishmael shakes his head woefully.
113) 1) dialog: Heaven help us...we're the vultures of the sea.
113) 3) dialog: I mean there's no savagery of beasts that's not infinitely outdone by that of men. His eyes fall on: Ahab, emerging from his cabin, loaded down with charts, his log book and a quadrant.
118) 0) text: Viewed from our deck: the happy, drunken Enderby crew crowd the bulwarks, facing us. They wave flasks of grog, SHOUTING across and gesturing us to join them. Scanning across the faces of our crewmen, we see the eager anticipation of licking lips and ogling eyes. Ishmael gawks at the LAUGHING native girls, their voices like sweet music. Queequeg nods knowingly to himself, a nostalgic look. Sunning in the whaleboat, only Fedellah's crew shows no interest. Flask turns to Stubb, unable to take his eyes off the girls.
120) 0) text: Ishmael tightens a halyard at the main mast. Stubb fixes a brace beside him. Ishmael glances at the glistening gold coin hammered to the mast, then looks away toward the Captain: Ahab is at his usual watch facing dead to windward, brooding with stormy thoughts.
120) 1) dialog: I fear the old man's a little out of his wits. Flask passes by, darting a disgruntled glance at Ahab.
131) 0) text: Perched high aloft, Ishmael witnesses the sea burial below, sun and wind burning his face.
133) 0) text: On his lookout, Ishmael watches the drama below. Then, unexpectedly, something distracts him out to sea: 92.
135) 0) text: Ishmael gapes seaward. He can't believe his eyes. He tries to shout out but can only gasp, his words a stammered hush. He's speechless...
136) 0) text: Pacing around Starbuck, Ahab raises his fist to the heavens. AHAB (cont'd) Swerve me?! Never! The path to my purpose is laid with iron rails -- on which my very soul is grooved to run! (to Starbuck) And NAUGHT will stop me, Mister Starbuck!... Suddenly Ishmael's VOICE BOOMS OUT at the top of his lungs:
136) 1) dialog: Thar she blows!! She blows to starboard!! (loud and clear) The WHITE WHALE! ! A stunned beat. Ahab charges past Starbuck -- bounds onto the quarterdeck. The men bolt to the starboard bulwark, hugging the sides, peering seaward:
142) 1) dialog: There go flukes!! The enormous split jib tail rises up, higher and higher -- then slaps the water defiantly! Then disappears.
145) 0) text: High on the lookout, Ishmael points excitedly.
145) 1) dialog: There she blows again! Hard to port beam!
147) 0) text: Jarred from their astonished stares, the crewmen scramble into action. Ishmael rope-slides to the deck like an expert seaman. Pip runs the length of the ship, shaking his tambourine, yelling excitedly. Ahab strides toward the main mast and stops in front of the nailed gold coin. He bangs a fist on it.
154) 0) text: Starbuck stares ahead at Ahab with deep chagrin. Ishmael rows, his sweaty face glistening under the boat lamps. Behind the basket next to him, Pip crouches in hiding. The sea becomes strangely still. Starbuck glances around him.
158) 2) dialog: What d'ye make of it, sir--
160) 0) text: Starbuck spins his head around -- whales everywhere! Ishmael stares amazed, slack-jawed. Queequeg bolts to the bow with his harpoon.
164) 2) text: The whale's spout gushes spasmodically. The air fills with bloody mist, spraying the whalers red as they row frantically away from the sea beast's death throes. 93 The whale starts to dive. Harpoon lines spin out of the loggerhead basket -- rolls of line uncoil rapidly, the basket shaking violently! Unnoticed by the others, frightened Pip scrambles out from beneath the box plank and stumbles into the basket -- his little legs tangled in spinning lines! Queequeg lets loose a WAR CRY at the fast-receding whale. Ishmael jumps to his feet, straining to get a look... A QUICK, TINY SCREAM startles him from behind! Pip suddenly squirts out past him, dragged by a line and yanked overboard -- into the churning water!
164) 3) dialog: Man overboard, Mister Starbuck! Man overboard! He quickly throws a lifebuoy to the boy. Starbuck sees what's happened, but he's too distracted. ISHMAEL (cont'd) For God's sake...it's PIP, sir! He's out there! The boat suddenly lurches forward -- dragged at great speed by the wounded, diving whale. The running lines around a stanchion start to smoke.
168) 0) text: Ishmael turns and looks far astern:
170) 0) text: Ishmael turns to Starbuck in a panic.
170) 1) dialog: Sir! What about Pip-- Beside him, Bulkington grips his arm.
175) 0) text: The lines go slack, and the boat suddenly slows. Ishmael jumps up, unable to suppress himself.
175) 1) dialog: Mister Starbuck, sir! We can't just act as if nothing has happened! We've GOT to go back for him!
175) 3) dialog: But he'll drown if we don't go back! Starbuck pushes Ishmael back onto the rowers' bench.
179) 0) text: Starbuck glances at Ishmael. He quickly shouts to Ahab's retreating boat.
186) 0) text: Glimmering lanterns held high, Bulkington, Ishmael and the men search the calm sea. Queequeg peers intently across the black, ominous waters. Not a sign of life. The men call out sporadically:
193) 6) dialog: Pip...what is it, boy? Pip scans the men's face, as if they were strangers. Ishmael lays a gentle hand on him -- Pip thrashes 107 out, delirious, pummeling him with his small fists. Then he leaps off the barrel and dashes away. The men watch, horrified. Pip scurries aimlessly around the deck in a wild panic, slips and falls. Around him, the planks are slick with whale blood and bones. Pip stares at the blood on his hands, then gapes up toward: The giant, skeletal whale head, hanging over the side above him. Pip gives an ear-shattering SHRIEK! Bewildered, the men don't know what to do. Queequeg rushes over and quickly releases a pulley chain... The whale head plummets into the sea, a huge SPLASH! Pip staggers up and runs to a whaleboat, flailing his arms as he did underwater with the sharks. He climbs into it, as if out of the sea. Crouches inside of it, huddled and BABBLING to himself. Completely insane. The crew stares at him with befuddled looks, their morale shattered. Queequeg turns grimly to Ishmael.
203) 0) text: Stubb shakes his head up at him. He turns to peer closely at the doubloon. Starbuck, Flask and Ishmael join him.
203) 4) dialog: Aye. To me it speaks wisely... but sadly. It's all in one's perception.
203) 6) dialog: Different ways of lookin', sir. I used to teach my school children about. ..what Man sees and what God sees. But Man sees only one thing, what he WANTS to see.
207) 0) text: Deckhands rush to man the pulley ropes, while others hasten to the bulwarks to sight the whale. Starbuck and Ishmael gaze up at Ahab, tiring of all this madness.
207) 1) dialog: 'Tis like the old man and his whale. He sees but a monster of destruction... (turns to Starbuck) Perhaps in God's eyes, Moby Dick is just another of His creatures, doin' what's natural... Absorbing this, Starbuck looks between lowering Ahab and the mast coin beside him. Its brilliant gold reflection catches his eye...blinding him. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Just that. Just a whale. Starbuck shields his eyes and turns away.
216) 0) text: The tri-works furnace burns, billowing black smoke. The Cook pulls out a baked loaf of bread on the blade end of a harpoon. The Blacksmith dumps in a bucket of whale oil to fuel the tri-works' blaze. Bundled in winter coats and scarves, Stubb, Flask and others huddle close to the warmth of its open hearth. Ishmael paces nearby to ward off the cold. Starbuck steps over to watch the Blacksmith dip his bucket into an open oil cask.
218) 0) text: 116 Ishmael paces beside the bulwark and gazes down at the water:
221) 0) text: Halyard ropes are frozen, riddled with icicles. Crewmen move stiffly about, slipping on the sleet-covered deck. Ishmael and Queequeg gape out in wonder at the high peaks of passing bergs.
228) 0) text: Hull timbers CREAK under a terrible pressure. Frozen faces listen to the SCRAPING SOUNDS outside, Ishmael and Queequeg crouched together in thick blankets.
228) 1) dialog: That old man's going to kill us all!
230) 0) text: The cabin shakes from a terrible CRUNCH of ice! Ishmael 119 cowers in fear. Everyone bolts up and dashes deckside.
249) 0) text: Sailors tumble aloft to man the sails. Starbuck takes over the helm. Stubb mans the rigging with Ishmael and Queequeg. Ahab hurries toward his cabin, shouting orders all around.
256) 0) text: Ahab balances himself atop the bow gunwale and stands 128 tall above his crew, looking down on the Rachel's deck. Starbuck approaches, Stubb and Ishmael in tow.
258) 5) dialog: Drowned? How d'ye know that, Mister Starbuck? He looks between him and Stubb, both nodding sadly. Ahab, clearly pained by the Rachel Captain's loss, fights off any show of feeling and stands stiffly.
263) 0) text: Queequeg sits at the foot of the mast, hunched over a tiny fire of wood shavings on the deck. He CHANTS a Polynesian ritual, praying to his Yojo. Ishmael hunkers down before him, terribly concerned.
263) 1) dialog: Queequeg! What's got into ye, man! If ye don't work, you'll get a floggin' for sure! Queequeg -- speak to me! Queequeg chants away, withdrawn into himself. Dagoo leans over him and shakes his head.
263) 3) dialog: Tashtego, what do ye think ails him?!
263) 5) dialog: Time to die?! What manner of nonsense is that?! He shakes Queequeg hard, desperate to bring him around. ISHMAEL (cont'd) 136 Queequeg! Enough of this! No response. Ishmael rises up, exasperated and afraid. He turns to Dagoo, shaking his head. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Such madness! First the old man, then Pip, now Queequeg... are we all goin' mad?!
263) 8) dialog: My friend's not well, sir.
263) 12) dialog: 137 Why d'ye need the carpenter?
263) 15) dialog: He's talking about a coffin.
263) 17) dialog: He's asking us not to bury him in his hammock, but to set him afloat in a canoe... (rises up) A coffin. He's spoken to me about this before...it's how warriors are buried in his homeland. Starbuck shakes his head in bafflement. The Carpenter shuffles forward.
263) 19) dialog: A coffin that floats. Can ye manage that? The Carpenter shrugs. Without a second thought, he produces a string and measures Queequeg's tattooed body, length and breadth. Then he shuffles away. During this, Queequeg mutters a final prayer to his Yojo...then promptly tosses it on the fire. 138
263) 20) dialog: Queequeg! That's your god!
267) 0) text: Strong winds buffet the deck. Queequeg sits rigidly 139 under the mast in the same spot, as if in a frozen coma. A squall whips away the ashes before him. Ishmael sleeps close by his friend, huddled in a blanket. MUFFLED FOOTSTEPS stirs him awake. Not moving, he watches a shadow streak across the deck. A small dinghy drops overboard, SPLASHES down, its tow line strung to the deck above. A figure leans over the landward railing, feeding out rope. Bulkington, his back turned to us. He starts to climb over -- a hand clamps on his shoulder. Starbuck behind him. Bulkington stiffens defensively.
274) 5) dialog: For Christ's sake, Queequeg, ye got to eat! Come on now, just a few sips, then ye can go back to your prayers... Queequeg keeps chanting at a steady rhythm, as if Ishmael doesn't exist. Ishmael gives up in despair. ISHMAEL (cont'd) My poor savage...my pagan friend who'd gladly die for me...don't ye understand?! I don't want ye to die! The Carpenter appears, hauling a coffin up on deck. He loses his balance from the pitch of the ship, falling under the coffin's heavy weight. Ishmael hastens over to help him. Crewmen ignore the struggling pair, turning superstitious faces away to avoid looking at the coffin. Dragging it across to the mast, the two slide it before Queequeg. Suddenly aware of the coffin, Queequeg snaps back to reality. He leans forward to examine it. The Carpenter opens the lid and gives him a look.
281) 0) text: Queequeg sits glued to the foot of the mast, chanting, undaunted by the tempest. Sea water washes over him. Ishmael staggers over, holding on for dear life.
281) 1) dialog: Queequeg! Get below! (tugging at him) Come on, mate -- you'll be washed overboard! Queequeg will not budge. Another powerful wave slams Ishmael against the mast!
282) 8) dialog: Starbuck!! Help us!!
283) 0) text: Ishmael clings to the mast, gripping Queequeg, trying to keep him from washing away. Queequeg sits there, making no move to save himself from the onslaught. Starbuck rushes over and grabs a handhold by the mast.
283) 2) dialog: He won't move, sir! Grabbing a rope, Starbuck hoists Queequeg up.
296) 4) dialog: Where is he, sir?! I don't see him!
298) 0) text: A titantic wave sweeps across the deck, submerging everyone! A screaming deckhand washes overboard! Ishmael clamps himself to the mast, holding Queequeg close -- the two momentarily underwater. Drenched crewmen cling to shrouds, battling for ground against wind and sea. Their eyes stare up toward:
300) 0) text: Struggling with a halyard, Starbuck and Ishmael glance up at a bizarre phenomenon: A green, ghoulish flash skips along the top rigging, sparking out veins of electrical discharge!
300) 1) dialog: What is it?!...
302) 4) text: The men GASP in unison, trembling before him. Starbuck, the lone disbeliever, gazes hard at Ahab's grand performance. Ishmael gapes.
302) 5) dialog: Jesus Christ in heaven! What is he doing?!
306) 0) text: The rest of the crew sleeps in exhaustion. Queequeg and Ishmael sit at a mess table over breakfast. His normal self, Queequeg shovels away an immense pile of food on his plate, consuming it with gusto. He's starving. Ishmael studies him with ironic awe.
306) 1) dialog: I just don't fathom ye. You said you were goin' to die! 159
306) 3) dialog: I think I'1l draft my will. You can be my witness.
307) 0) text: Starbuck sits hunched over the edge of his bunk and leafs through his bible, brooding distractedly. Ishmael appears in the doorway, looking troubled.
307) 1) dialog: Don't mean to bother ye, sir. Starbuck looks up, agitated. Then nods patiently.
307) 3) dialog: I don't know, sir, I just... I feel such dread. What's gotten over this crew? They all seem to have lost their wits, like they cannot think. Starbuck shuts the bible and runs his hand through his hair, more troubled than Ishmael.
307) 5) dialog: Perhaps I must obey him too.
313) 0) text: Swabbing the deck with Ishmael, Queequeg smokes his tomahawk pipe. He offers it to Ishmael, who takes a deep pull and hands it back. Smiles between them. A distant, eerie SOUND distracts them: unearthly WAILS and MOANS from out at sea, like the human cries of lost souls. Ishmael squints seaward.
313) 1) dialog: What could it be, Queequeg? Whales? 166 Queequeg shakes his head, just as puzzled as he. ISHMAEL (cont'd) Sounds like the voices of drowned men. Others on deck hear it too, all eyes focusing out. Looks of nervous forboding.
324) 0) text: Whalers' faces gape seaward. Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, Ishmael, Queequeg, Tashtego, Dagoo, Fedallah. With anticipation or dread, this is the moment they've all been waiting for. Ahab stands rigid, focused and still -- until murderous rage explodes full force from his face.
336) 0) text: Starbuck is dumbstruck, like the rest. Ishmael shuts his eyes, foreseeing his doom. Queequeg gazes stoically, accepting his. Stunned for a beat, Ahab mutters a seaward growl:
351) 0) text: The boat lurches up over a wave -- Queequeg tumbles off the bow with his harpoon, Ishmael spills out the stern! Airborn for a split second, the boat plunges downward! Starbuck SCREAMS before a wall of water rushing up at him -- the last image he sees!
356) 0) text: Nothing is left of Stubb, Flask, their men or their boats but flotsam and floating bodies. MOBY DICK turns away from the carnage and plows his ominous way toward the ship itself. Ishmael flounders in the choppy waters, trying to keep his head afloat. He sees someone and swims desperately toward him... Queequeg drifts, clinging weakly to a floating oar. The end of his harpoon juts oddly from the water. Ishmael holds onto the oar, gasping, spitting water.
356) 1) dialog: Queequeg! Hang on, mate! You'll be all right!... Then he sees the blood in the water: Queequeg's harpoon has impaled one side of his waist from the fall. Queequeg focuses weakly on his friend's face...a glimmer of a smile. Then he lets go and sinks.
356) 2) dialog: Queequeg!! Desperate to save him, Ishmael dives...
357) 0) text: Ishmael surfaces, sucking in air. He clutches the puny oar. And CRIES OUT in spiritual agony! Far across the waters, MOBY DICK charges toward the Pequod with renewed fury...then submerges. 181
368) 0) text: Ishmael thrashes in the water, clinging helplessly to the oar. In b.g., the distant Pequod burns and sinks, flames and smoke roiling skyward.
370) 0) text: Ishmael struggles in the water, the lone survivor. In b.g., the Pequod's burning bow sinks from sight. Ishmael looks toward the horizon...but the ship is gone. Nothing but black smoke and a empty sea. Ishmael can't hold on much longer. His grip on the oar weakens... Out of the floating wreckage, Queequeg's coffin pops up into view. Ishmael swims toward it and hangs on for blessed life.
371) 0) text: A fiery sunset. Alone amidst an endless seascape, Ishmael lies in the floating coffin. Exhausted and parched, but alive.
371) 1) dialog: Saved by my friend's coffin, I drifted on a soft, calm sea for two days and a night... On the dimming horizon, the faraway sails of a ship drift into view.
371) 2) dialog: (cont'd) On the evening of the second day, a whaling ship found me at last. It was the Rachel, still searching for her lost son. Instead, she found another orphan. 184