38) 0) text: Cramped, claustrophobic crews' quarters. Walls of bunks around dining tables, all too small for some thirty men. A rowdy, sweaty atmosphere, oil lamps swinging. Motley crewmen queue before a steaming turrine at a Parsons table, as the Cook ladles chowder into their bowl Two of them, PERTH and DOUGH-BOY, examine their bowls of watery stew with disgust.
38) 1) dialog: Blast! Chowder for breakfast, chowder for supper...
38) 5) text: Add that, Cook -- mebbe it'll improve the flavor. The others laugh. Sneering sourly at him, the Cook jabs down his knife to kill the insect. He misses. The Carpenter whips out a hammer and swings down -- WHACK! Bull's eye. He grins at the pouting Cook. The men take their bowls to a dining table. The Carpenter plops down beside the BLACKSMITH, a begrimed old salt with burn scars all over his flesh. Perth and Dough-Boy sit next to them.
38) 6) dialog: Say, carpenter, where d'ye keep your rum these days? I'm itchin' for a taste.
38) 8) dialog: Lookit them two lovebirds... (to Ishmael) Careful with your hand, mate, your slave there might be mistakin' it for supper! Queequeg turns with noble dignity.
38) 10) dialog: Oh, a thousands pardons, your Majesty!
122) 1) text: Perth dumps a swab bucket and splashes Dough-Boy. A fight quickly breaks out! Perth pulls a knife -- until Stubb grabs his wrist and yanks it away.
124) 0) text: Stubb pushes the knife back to Perth, low-voiced.
124) 2) dialog: He started it--
126) 0) text: Fetching a bucket, Perth extracts a hidden flask from under his bunk. He sneaks a long, deep swig. Starbuck barrels downstairs, in a foul state of mind.
126) 2) dialog: But it ain't my watch, sir.
126) 4) dialog: Ye needn't speak so harshly-- Starbuck shoves him up the steps.
127) 1) text: High aloft, Perth climbs the main mast to the lookout, GRUMBLING to himself all the way. He looks down to see Starbuck crossing the deck and scowls down at him.
127) 2) dialog: Damned St. Jago monkey... Inches above him, a loose hoisting block dangles and swings precariously in the breeze. Sneering downward, Perth spits toward the deck. PERTH (cont'd) May God sink the lot of ye! A squall picks up. Perth turns back up -- the block hits him square in the face! Dazed, he lets go the ropes...
128) 0) text: Crossing the deck, Starbuck stops to hear... A sudden SCREAM from above! Everyone looks up at... Perth's plummeting figure! He CRASHES DOWN on the deck with full impact -- right in front of Starbuck! Deckhands rush to Perth, lying in a twisted sprawl. His neck broken. Starbuck looks on in horror.