15) 0) text: Ishmael is startled awake by a LOUD CREAK of the door. He peeks out of the covers. The tall figure enters and leans his immense harpoon gently against a wall, as if it were delicate china. He lights a small candle on a dresser. A dark-skinned Polynesian, Queequeg's clean-shaved face is covered with strange, exotic tattoos. His face is ferocious-looking and yet tranquil, almost innocent in ch He pulls a satchel off his shoulder, opens it and takes out what vaguely resembles a doll's head. Obscure in the dim light, Ishmael watches in awe. It's a shrunken human head. Queequeg lifts it up to the candlelight and chants some indecipherable words to it. Ishmael stares warily from his covers. Queequeg abruptly stops his invocation, stuffs the head back into his satchel and moves the candle to the bedside table. He quickly undresses. Ishmael can't take his eyes off the muscular, tattooed body -- as Queequeg leaps into the bed beside him. Still unaware of Ishmael's presence, Queequeg produces a long tomahawk pipe, leans toward the candle, lights the pipe and sits back in bed, puffing serenely. He rests his free hand down next to him...directly onto I face. Ishmael stiffens with fear. Queequeg freezes. Ishmael tries to jump out of bed -- but Queequeg grabs him by his nightshirt collar and firmly holds him down. He deftly wields his tomahawk, its blade against Ishmael's throat.
20) 0) text: A short, bent SHIP'S CARPENTER with a wrinkled face oversees the loading of lumber. His body is wracked with arthritis, but for his powerful arms and hands. An old, grizzled SHIP'S COOK watches, as DOCKHANDS carry food stores and water barrels on deck. By his side is PIP (12), a black cabin boy of small stature with a playful face. Merry as a cricket and bright as a cherub. He toys with a tambourine as he watches the bustle of activity. A cheerful presence, clearly appreciated by the men at work. Overseeing the loading operation from an old wicker chair by the gangplank is a heavy-set, retired captain, PELEG, dressed in the Quaker style. He watches with sharp care at every passing item, writing them down on a thick ledger. The SOUND of Queequeg's powerful CHANTING VOICE wafts over the dock. SHIP'S CREWMEN steal glances at the curious duo down below, as they approach.
23) 0) text: Queequeg sits on the wheelbarrow of their belongings, obl smoking his tomahawk pipe.
38) 45) dialog: Crish, crash! Blang-whang! I've heard all that chat now! Makes me jingle all over! THUNK-CLOP, more pacing above deck. Pip stops. A dead pause among the crew, all eyes turned upward. The PEG LEG paces ceaselessly. Back and forth, back and forth. FADE OUT.
47) 0) text: Men busy at work. Flask tosses Pip his tambourine.
60) 0) text: Ishmael emerges from below and breathes in the sea air. He looks toward Fedallah and his strange crew: setting up camp in a spare whaleboat. Bedding and food have been laid out, as if they were on a different ship from the rest of the crew. They converse in low, guttural ARABIC. Ishmael turns to the side for solitude, gazing over the moonlit sea. Then realizes he's not alone... Ahab stands some yards away by the bulwark, also gazing out. He produces a pipe and lights it, cupping the bowl with bony hands. A ship's lamp casts a flickering light across his weathered visage. Ishmael retreats a step into shadow, afraid of the man, yet fascinated by him. 59. Unaware of him, Ahab smokes in silence. He takes the pipe from his mouth and stares at it, shaking his head. His voice unusually subdued:
61) 0) text: The pipe tumbles down to sea, its sparks scattering... extinguished in a sudden FIZZ as it hits the water.
63) 0) text: Most of the crew are dead asleep. Ishmael steps quietly among the cramped bunks. No sound but for men's snores, the whish of water against the hull. Ishmael pauses to smile at Queequeg, who sleeps with one 60. arm clutching his harpoon. He makes his way to his bunk. to discern another distant SOUND beyond the hull: An eerie, haunting, watery MELODY from deep in the ocean, away. Pip is awake on his bunk, ears close to the hull, as he listens to the mysterious SOUND. Ishmael crouches beside him, fondly watching the boy. Their eyes meet.
63) 2) dialog: Whales, sir. They're singin' to each other. Pip smiles in the dim light. Ishmael returns the smile and retires into his own bunk, listening too. WHALE SONGS seem to fill the forecastle's cramped space.
97) 0) text: Fedallah leaps on deck, as Pip dances and tambourines around him. The old Carpenter bangs a bell with his hammer, applauding him. Stubb and Tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger looks at the Arab, a mix of admiration and resentment. Fe casually picks his teeth with a tapering, knife-long fingernail. They help aboard Ishmael...wet, shivering, in shock. Then come Starbuck and Queequeg, both soaked to the bone but composed as if nothing had happened.
102) 0) text: Starbuck and Flask change clothes, while Stub lights his pipe and Pip collects their wet garments. Flask strips off a shirt and tosses it sourly.
102) 7) dialog: An' it's coiled in his boots! Stubb laughs at that, ruffling the boy's hair.
132) 0) text: In the spare whaleboat, Fedallah and his Arabs pass around a hooker pipe, oblivious to the Christian ceremony. Fedallah exhales smoke with languid disregard. Starbuck finishes the rites in his own words:
147) 0) text: Jarred from their astonished stares, the crewmen scramble into action. Ishmael rope-slides to the deck like an expert seaman. Pip runs the length of the ship, shaking his tambourine, yelling excitedly. Ahab strides toward the main mast and stops in front of the nailed gold coin. He bangs a fist on it.
150) 0) text: Stubb lights his pipe, as his men row furiously.
154) 0) text: Starbuck stares ahead at Ahab with deep chagrin. Ishmael rows, his sweaty face glistening under the boat lamps. Behind the basket next to him, Pip crouches in hiding. The sea becomes strangely still. Starbuck glances around him.
157) 0) text: Stubb cups an ear, shifting the pipe in his mouth, tuned into every sound around him. His voice hushed:
164) 2) text: The whale's spout gushes spasmodically. The air fills with bloody mist, spraying the whalers red as they row frantically away from the sea beast's death throes. 93 The whale starts to dive. Harpoon lines spin out of the loggerhead basket -- rolls of line uncoil rapidly, the basket shaking violently! Unnoticed by the others, frightened Pip scrambles out from beneath the box plank and stumbles into the basket -- his little legs tangled in spinning lines! Queequeg lets loose a WAR CRY at the fast-receding whale. Ishmael jumps to his feet, straining to get a look... A QUICK, TINY SCREAM startles him from behind! Pip suddenly squirts out past him, dragged by a line and yanked overboard -- into the churning water!
169) 0) text: Pip clings to the floating lifebuoy, floundering in the eruption of white water all around him. The boy SCREAMS INAUDIBLY, waving a frantic arm for help.
188) 0) text: Dawn's early light creeps over an endless horizon. 101 Pip clings helplessly to the lifebuoy, alone in the vast emptiness. He sings a little DITTY ina trembling voice. His head jerks around with a moan of despair... A shark's fin streaks through the water with lethal swiftness, circling around him. Pip bobs frantically, gasping with terror, wide eyes fixed on the approaching predator. The shark fin disappears under. Instinctively, Pip dives.
189) 0) text: Pip sucks in air, clutching the lifebuoy. His wide eyes on the titantic white whale, plunging away, leaving swell in his wake. MOBY DICK is gone as quickly as he appears. An empty sea again, the waves too high for Pip to see far Another, bigger shark's fin approaches. Again circling him, again submerging... Pip takes deep gulps of air, then dives again.
192) 0) text: Ahab emerges from his cabin and looks down to see the rescue party climbing aboard. Surprised by the sight of Pip, his harsh face softens, almost a smile.
193) 0) text: 106 Queequeg boards with little Pip in his arms, the boy dazed but alive. Bulkington takes him and hands him to Flask, who gives him to Stubb. The men pass the boy between them like a bucket brigade...to Starbuck, who sits Pip atop an oil barrel.
201) 0) text: The crew swabs the deck clean. None of them notice Pip, who scrambles out of the whaleboat and makes a beeline for the main mast. He stares dourly at the shiny gold coin nailed to the wood. A whispery singsong voice:
201) 1) dialog: 110 We, ye, they...are all bats! Ishmael and the others turn, watching perplexedly. Pip points to the Captain's cabin. PIP (cont'd) There! In there! Two bones stuck in trousers...and one be not his, but a whale's! Stubb steps over to observe him, chuckling nervously.
214) 0) text: Ahab ROARS, frustrated again. He paces across the ship at that half-stomping gait, stewing away. Stubb turns out of the wind and lights his pipe.
245) 0) text: Deserted, quiet. The door creeps open. Pip ventures in, HUMMING some mad melody. Wandering through Ahab's forbidden domain, he comes upon a large carved box and opens it: scrimshaw chess pieces, an ivory chess board. Pip runs his hands over exquisitely carved whale pieces. He spills the contents onto the floor. Kneeling down, he carefully selects the black king and places it on the board. Looks around the cabin, searching for something. He jumps up and snatches up a whale-tooth paperweight. Pip plops back on the floor and places the tooth on the board...the white whale...directly in front of the black king. He leans back and seriously studies the board, HUMMING AWAY. Then jumps up and browses around... Two spare whale-bone peg legs protrude from an open sea chest. Pip touches them with a strange reverence. An arctic breeze wafts in from the window and knocks Ahab's top hat off a clothes rack full of black coats. The hat rolls along the floor...stopping before Pip.
249) 3) dialog: Bell-boy, sir! Ship's crier! Ding dong ding! Pip! Sir! Stubb steps forward to reach out and grab the boy.
266) 0) text: Pip sleeps in Ahab's bunk, twitching from terrible dreams. The Captain sleeps fitfully in an armchair by the bunk. He too has nightmares, his sweat -sheened head tossing from side to side, his fists clenched. One of his hands momentarily opens, torn by his fingernails...his palm bloody.
273) 0) text: 141 Chess pieces are scattered around Pip, who lies on the fl plays a game of battle between the black king and the white whale's tooth, crashing them against each other wit sounds.
273) 1) dialog: Crish, crash, damn yer eyes! Die, ye white fiend! Splash! Beware the tail, splat! Ahh! Ahab pores over his sea charts, exhausted for lack of sle overhead lamps swings, the cabin sways. Distracted by Pip, Ahab half-smiles at the boy. The door cracks open, and Starbuck peers in.
278) 0) text: Pip sleeps on the floor amidst a flotsam of chess pieces, curled up peacefully at Ahab's feet like a napping pup. Dozing in his armchair, Ahab resembles more a weary old pensioner than a raging tyrant. The cabin sways 147 around him, STORM WINDS HOWLING in b.g. Ahab opens his tired eyes and peers down at Pip.
304) 0) text: A deathly quiet reigns over the deck, like a ghost ship. Broken spars and scattered rigging from the storm lie about, unattended to. The ship seems at first glance deserted, but there are seamen about... Dough-Boy, aloft in the lookout. Dagoo and Tashtego squat on the bow gunwale, harpoons in hand, eyes fixed on the horizon with warrior-like intensity. Stubb cons the ship on the wheeldeck, puffing his pipe. Flask at the helm. Both gaze steadily seaward with fanatical concentration. Fedallah and his crew straddle yard arms, staring uniformly out to sea. Zealous sentinels, watching and waiting. Not a sound from anyone. No talking, no laughter, not even from Stubb. All are focused on whatever is out there. All with one singular purpose.
308) 0) text: Dressed and ready for battle, Ahab puts on his top hat. He turns to leave -- Pip scurries over and wraps his arms around his leg. Frightened, a strangled whisper:
308) 1) dialog: Master, master...don't go! Ahab turns, unusually patient and affectionate.
308) 3) dialog: No, please! Use me as yer leg! Lemme be a part of you!
308) 5) dialog: Aye, aye -- Capt'n Pip! Moved by him, Ahab pats his head and leaves.
313) 0) text: Swabbing the deck with Ishmael, Queequeg smokes his tomahawk pipe. He offers it to Ishmael, who takes a deep pull and hands it back. Smiles between them. A distant, eerie SOUND distracts them: unearthly WAILS and MOANS from out at sea, like the human cries of lost souls. Ishmael squints seaward.
324) 4) dialog: Master, master...come back! The sharks! The sharks! Impervious to him, Ahab shouts to the Blacksmith:
346) 0) text: Witnessing the scene, Stubb angrily tosses his pipe into the sea and seizes Tashtego's harpoon, brave as fearless fire, shouting at his oarsmen:
364) 0) text: Terrified Pip dashes through the cabin and leaps into Ahab's chest of peg legs. He shuts the lid over himself to hide.