15) 0) text: Ishmael is startled awake by a LOUD CREAK of the door. He peeks out of the covers. The tall figure enters and leans his immense harpoon gently against a wall, as if it were delicate china. He lights a small candle on a dresser. A dark-skinned Polynesian, Queequeg's clean-shaved face is covered with strange, exotic tattoos. His face is ferocious-looking and yet tranquil, almost innocent in ch He pulls a satchel off his shoulder, opens it and takes out what vaguely resembles a doll's head. Obscure in the dim light, Ishmael watches in awe. It's a shrunken human head. Queequeg lifts it up to the candlelight and chants some indecipherable words to it. Ishmael stares warily from his covers. Queequeg abruptly stops his invocation, stuffs the head back into his satchel and moves the candle to the bedside table. He quickly undresses. Ishmael can't take his eyes off the muscular, tattooed body -- as Queequeg leaps into the bed beside him. Still unaware of Ishmael's presence, Queequeg produces a long tomahawk pipe, leans toward the candle, lights the pipe and sits back in bed, puffing serenely. He rests his free hand down next to him...directly onto I face. Ishmael stiffens with fear. Queequeg freezes. Ishmael tries to jump out of bed -- but Queequeg grabs him by his nightshirt collar and firmly holds him down. He deftly wields his tomahawk, its blade against Ishmael's throat.
15) 1) dialog: Who de debel is you?! You don't speak up, I kill-e! Ishmael gapes up in strangled terror, gasping.
15) 3) dialog: Speak! Tell-ee me who ye be or, dam-me, I kill-ee! The door to the room flies open. Coffin steps quickly inside. An amused smile, as he feigns concern.
15) 6) text: Why didn't you tell me this... harpooner I'm sharing a bed with is a bleedin' CANNIBAL, for Christ's sake?! Coffin pays no attention to Ishmael as he faces Queequeg.
15) 9) dialog: Me sabbee plenty. (points at Ishmael) You get-ee in. Ishmael glances at Coffin, who grins and nods at the bed. Queequeg, smiling good-heartedly, hands his pipe to Ishmael. Hesitating but more relaxed, Ishmael takes it and draws a mouthful of smoke. And promptly gags. Tears and coughing. Queequeg laughs, loud and hard.
16) 0) text: Cold sunlight peeks into the room from the only window. Q sleeps, his arm wrapped around Ishmael's chest. Ishmael l awake, immobilized by Queequeg's unconscious embrace.
17) 0) text: A vast platter of steaming steaks is plopped down on a 12. large table by a stout, red-faced woman, SAL COFFIN. As soon as the platter is on the table, the sharp spear of a harpoon stabs a fat cut of bloody red meat. Queequeg transfers the steak to his plate with quiet ceremony, the entire maneuver performed with exquisite ge and good manners. Setting aside his harpoon on the floor, he digs in. Ishmael watches him, baffled. The rest of the men don't seem to have noticed anything unusual. They reach for meat and bread, far less politely, and noisily chow down. A brown and brawny bunch, Stubb and Flask among them. Ishmael glances behind him:
18) 0) text: A clear, crisp winter day on the now crowded street. Ishmael and Queequeg emerge from the Spouter Inn, Ishmael an old wheelbarrow piled up with his satchel and Queequeg chest. Puffing on his tomahawk, Queequeg reaches into his bag and produces the shrunken head. Ishmael reacts, glancing self-consciously.
18) 2) dialog: (puzzledly) Why do-ee say?
18) 4) dialog: Aye! Nantucketers buy-em too, I tell-ee! For many coins! However, Queequeg puts away the head. He withdraws a wooden statuette from his bag and gestures over it.
18) 5) dialog: Me Yojo tell-ee what ship 14. Queequeg and-ee ship out on! He sabbee! Yojo and-ee, sabbee? Ishmael looks down at the statuette, then inquisitively at Queequeg.
18) 7) dialog: Aye.
18) 10) dialog: Ee don't want ship out wid Queequeg? Ishmael tries to hand the coins back to Queequeg, who ignores the gesture, waiting for an answer.
18) 12) dialog: Aye. Missionary.
18) 14) dialog: Ishmael no sailor?
18) 16) dialog: Yojo sabbee. Ishmael pick ship. He takes over the wheelbarrow and pushes on. Ishmael catches up with him, and the two stride together toward the port. Ishmael smiles, feeling better now. Quee SINGS a lyrical Polynesian TUNE to himself, smiling aside at LOCAL CHILDREN, who gawk up at him as he passes by.
20) 0) text: A short, bent SHIP'S CARPENTER with a wrinkled face oversees the loading of lumber. His body is wracked with arthritis, but for his powerful arms and hands. An old, grizzled SHIP'S COOK watches, as DOCKHANDS carry food stores and water barrels on deck. By his side is PIP (12), a black cabin boy of small stature with a playful face. Merry as a cricket and bright as a cherub. He toys with a tambourine as he watches the bustle of activity. A cheerful presence, clearly appreciated by the men at work. Overseeing the loading operation from an old wicker chair by the gangplank is a heavy-set, retired captain, PELEG, dressed in the Quaker style. He watches with sharp care at every passing item, writing them down on a thick ledger. The SOUND of Queequeg's powerful CHANTING VOICE wafts over the dock. SHIP'S CREWMEN steal glances at the curious duo down below, as they approach.
21) 0) text: Queequeg ceases his chanting, scanning the contours of the Pequod's tall masts. Ishmael looks up with him, studying the old vessel with admiration and curiosity.
21) 3) dialog: Aye. She be long-seasoned ship.
23) 0) text: Queequeg sits on the wheelbarrow of their belongings, obl smoking his tomahawk pipe.
24) 10) dialog: Cap'n, ee see him small dark spot on mastwood there? Ee see him? Well, s'pose him one whale eye! Well, den... He raises the harpoon and effortlessly darts it... An Olympic throw across the deck -- past Bildad's nose, over the Cook's head -- a bull's eye into the mast target! The big iron quivers mightily. Queequeg playfully hauls at the harpoon line and gives the two shocked captains a broad grin. QUEEQUEG (cont'd) Dat whale dead! A silent beat. Bildad turns excitedly to his partner.
24) 13) dialog: What be about me friend?
24) 15) text: Oh, all right then...we'll sign him on too. (to Ishmael) But you earn only a fifth of what HE gets! Ishmael and Queequeg exchange pleased grins.
25) 0) text: Ishmael and Queequeg stride back down the dock, their belongings left behind. Both in high spirits.
26) 0) text: A shadowy, deserted place. Blacksmith tools hang like ancient weapons. Half in the sunlight of the doorway, Ishmael and Queequeg face Elijah, who remains in shadow.
27) 0) text: They exit the blacksmith shed and move on toward town. Ishmael looks a bit disturbed but tries not to show it. Queequeg is deeply perturbed. Ishmael notices this and jostles him.
27) 2) dialog: Ishmael? What be a soul?
27) 4) dialog: Like Yojo.
28) 0) text: Ishmael and Queequeg approach the church. Queequeg stops before it, hesitating. He's never been inside one before, and it unnerves him a little. 26.
29) 0) text: A CONGREGATION is gathered in pews, facing a pulpit unlike any other -- built to exactly replicate the bow of a ship. Its towering platform forms the mock ship's sharp prow. Ishmael and Queequeg enter quietly and take a rear seat, Queequeg drawing stares. Among the worshippers sits STARBUCK (30's), a sharp, good-looking, experienced seaman with a pragmatic way about him, full of watchful curiosity. Beside him, his seasoned WIFE and TWO beautiful CHILDREN. Nearby sit Bulkington and his Fiancee, their hands clenched tight. Starbuck's Wife glances toward Bulkington's bride: the girl looks tense and anxious. Up front sits Ahab's weary Wife, red-eyed from long nights of tears. And her son, a fixed, distant gaze. From the high pulpit looms FATHER MAPPLE, a patronly, messiah-like figure. In the rear pews, Ishmael recognizes the minister and nudges Queequeg, whispering aside.
35) 0) text: High on the topgallant mast stands harpooner TASHTEGO, an American Indian with long hair and the noble face of a warrior hunter. A muscled giant like Queequeg. Climbing a swaying rope ladder in the breeze is another harpooner DAGOO, a coal-black barbarian with huge gold loops in his ears. Another giant. A strong gust of wind hits the sails. The men react immediately, scrambling over spars like nimble spiders.
36) 0) text: The halyard pulling stops. Ishmael nurses his palms and s across the heaving deck, a bit seasick. A ship's boom swings across the deck, about to broadside him -- Queequeg yanks him out of the way. Both topple across the deck together. Stubb bellows a laugh.
37) 6) dialog: Ship wid no cap'n. Yojo no sabbee dis. Stubb passes by. Ishmael rises to rest his hands. 35.
38) 9) dialog: Queequeg no slave. Queequeg son to island king. The other two laugh at that. Perth bows mockingly.
38) 13) dialog: No matter. Queequeg-ee be friends, aye? Queequeg hungry!
40) 0) text: In his bunk, groggy-eyed Ishmael awakens. A splitting hangover. He sits up painfully with his bandaged hands and focuses on the bustle of men around him: Deckhands wash and dress, preparing for the morning watch. Queequeg shaves before a shard of mirror with the razor edge of his harpoon. A sailor has his head down on a bench, the Carpenter about to pierce his ear with a nail and hammer. Ishmael rises and shuffles to a wash bin, holding his aching head. He winces to the RAP of a hammer -- and a sailor's SCREAM. 42.
41) 3) dialog: Beg-ee pardon, sir! Queequeg go aloft!
43) 0) text: Queequeg waves to urge him on. By now, most of the crew are watching Ishmael's virgin climb. Starbuck sidles over beside Stubb with amusement and concern.
53) 5) dialog: Queequeg sabee him! Him got many iron spears in him hide, Cap'n! All twisketee...like... 49.
53) 16) dialog: Sharp spear for Moby Dick! The rest now join in a CHORUS of "Aye, ayes!" Ahab nods, deeply moved by their reaction.
63) 0) text: Most of the crew are dead asleep. Ishmael steps quietly among the cramped bunks. No sound but for men's snores, the whish of water against the hull. Ishmael pauses to smile at Queequeg, who sleeps with one 60. arm clutching his harpoon. He makes his way to his bunk. to discern another distant SOUND beyond the hull: An eerie, haunting, watery MELODY from deep in the ocean, away. Pip is awake on his bunk, ears close to the hull, as he listens to the mysterious SOUND. Ishmael crouches beside him, fondly watching the boy. Their eyes meet.
71) 0) text: Cranes are thrust out, line tubs fixed in their places and whaling boats swung over to be lowered, sailors working frantically. Three boats lower fast, chains CLANKING, ropes HISSING, and splash onto the water. A clamor of SHOUTS, rowers, ha and the three mates scrambling down ladders, into their respective boats. A fourth spare boat is lowered by Fedallah's crew, aloof from the others, working silently and efficiently. In Starbuck's boat, Ishmael mans the oars with others, br with anticipation of his first whale hunt. Queequeg attaches rope lines to his harpoons. The boat casts away from the ship. Stubb cries out from his boat, as they too cast off.
75) 0) text: Ishmael rows arduously, working up a sweat. He looks over the rise of a long swell, just in time to see great Queequeg, the lead rower, rows like a dynamo, guiding the pace. Starbuck works the tiller.
89) 1) text: Ishmael sinks fast amidst the enormous shapes of whales, behind him an underwater cloud of blood. Eyes wide open as he flails, he glimpses an amazing sight: Across the deep blue, a mother whale with her cub. A half-dozen bull whales circle protectively around her. Queequeg suddenly appears from behind -- grabs Ishmael by the waist and quickly swims back to the surface.
90) 1) text: Queequeg surfaces with Ishmael in tow. Ishmael spits out water, coughing and gagging. Fedallah's boat appears, as if by incarnation.
91) 0) text: Standing proudly in the bow, Fedallah grins down contemptuously down at Queequeg and Ishmael in the water. He reaches out and hauls them both into the boat with superhuman strength. Catching his breath, Ishmael looks out at the settling sea:
97) 0) text: Fedallah leaps on deck, as Pip dances and tambourines around him. The old Carpenter bangs a bell with his hammer, applauding him. Stubb and Tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger looks at the Arab, a mix of admiration and resentment. Fe casually picks his teeth with a tapering, knife-long fingernail. They help aboard Ishmael...wet, shivering, in shock. Then come Starbuck and Queequeg, both soaked to the bone but composed as if nothing had happened.
101) 0) text: Men dry off and change clothes. Queequeg rubs down shivering Ishmael who's still traumatized, his teeth rattling. Dagoo and his crew climb below deck, all dripping wet but cheerful and laughing loudly. Ishmael turns to Queequeg.
101) 2) dialog: 
101) 3) text: Habben all dime, friend! All dime! Dat is whaling! Queequeg laughs. It's infectious, and others joins in.
104) 0) text: Stubb hastens across the deck, accompanied by the Cook, Flask, Ishmael and the Carpenter, who carries a lamp rigged to the wooden staff of a harpoon. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego follow them with spears and lances.
105) 0) text: They land on the giant whale's head, Queequeg and Dagoo carrying sharp cutting spears. They climb down toward the tail, while Tashtego keeps guard against the sharks with lances in both hands.
107) 0) text: Queequeg and Dagoo BARK SIGNALS to each other as they struggle their way to the tail of the carcass. 73. Despite their precarious position, the slippery whale and the unpredictable swells, Queequeg and Dagoo cut into the lower part of the whale's tail. Queequeg slices out a large chunk of red meat, when... An enormous shark lunges out of the water at him! It almost snatches the bloody meat -- but Queequeg tosses it to Dagoo. Queequeg slips and starts to slide down the tail section -- directly toward the massive jaws of the shark! He slams his cutting spear into the whale and pulls himself up. Tashtego spears the shark. A quick, thrashing death.
113) 0) text: High aloft in the rigging, Ishmael paints the spars with tar. Queequeg does the same beside him, both of them hanging precariously over a fifty-foot drop. His hands healed and strong, Ishmael no longer shows any fear. Below him, a crow's nest view: a deck swathed in gore. Revolted by the sight, Ishmael shakes his head woefully.
113) 2) dialog: No sabbee what-ee mean.
118) 0) text: Viewed from our deck: the happy, drunken Enderby crew crowd the bulwarks, facing us. They wave flasks of grog, SHOUTING across and gesturing us to join them. Scanning across the faces of our crewmen, we see the eager anticipation of licking lips and ogling eyes. Ishmael gawks at the LAUGHING native girls, their voices like sweet music. Queequeg nods knowingly to himself, a nostalgic look. Sunning in the whaleboat, only Fedellah's crew shows no interest. Flask turns to Stubb, unable to take his eyes off the girls.
147) 4) dialog: 87 Smoke out him pipes me will! Make-em straight dat crooked jaw! Ahab tosses a lance at Queequeg, who takes it on the fly with a powerful war cry: QUEEQUEG (cont'd)
160) 0) text: Starbuck spins his head around -- whales everywhere! Ishmael stares amazed, slack-jawed. Queequeg bolts to the bow with his harpoon.
164) 0) text: A sperm whale suddenly breaches half under the boat with a HARD BUMP, lifting it up! The boat slides off its back, landing upright in the water next to it. Wasting no time, Queequeg thrusts his harpoon with great power -- WHISH! Deep into the whale's hump! A giant's GRUNT, followed by a thrashing tail, slapping the water beside them! Instant chaos...
164) 2) text: The whale's spout gushes spasmodically. The air fills with bloody mist, spraying the whalers red as they row frantically away from the sea beast's death throes. 93 The whale starts to dive. Harpoon lines spin out of the loggerhead basket -- rolls of line uncoil rapidly, the basket shaking violently! Unnoticed by the others, frightened Pip scrambles out from beneath the box plank and stumbles into the basket -- his little legs tangled in spinning lines! Queequeg lets loose a WAR CRY at the fast-receding whale. Ishmael jumps to his feet, straining to get a look... A QUICK, TINY SCREAM startles him from behind! Pip suddenly squirts out past him, dragged by a line and yanked overboard -- into the churning water!
166) 0) text: 94 Queequeg snatches up a lance and points urgently at the taut lines.
166) 1) dialog: Me cut-em, sir?! Cut dem lines 'fore we be splintered up by dem whales?!
181) 5) dialog: Me go find Pip! Pip be dead, dat be bad magic! Across the water, Ahab deliberates for a beat. He grunts to his Arabs, and they continue to row. His boat drifts away, as he calls back:
186) 0) text: Glimmering lanterns held high, Bulkington, Ishmael and the men search the calm sea. Queequeg peers intently across the black, ominous waters. Not a sign of life. The men call out sporadically:
193) 0) text: 106 Queequeg boards with little Pip in his arms, the boy dazed but alive. Bulkington takes him and hands him to Flask, who gives him to Stubb. The men pass the boy between them like a bucket brigade...to Starbuck, who sits Pip atop an oil barrel.
193) 7) dialog: Dis bad magic. BAD magic.
221) 0) text: Halyard ropes are frozen, riddled with icicles. Crewmen move stiffly about, slipping on the sleet-covered deck. Ishmael and Queequeg gape out in wonder at the high peaks of passing bergs.
228) 0) text: Hull timbers CREAK under a terrible pressure. Frozen faces listen to the SCRAPING SOUNDS outside, Ishmael and Queequeg crouched together in thick blankets.
228) 2) dialog: He de devil. The Carpenter and the Cook look over from their bunks.
249) 0) text: Sailors tumble aloft to man the sails. Starbuck takes over the helm. Stubb mans the rigging with Ishmael and Queequeg. Ahab hurries toward his cabin, shouting orders all around.
261) 2) dialog: Queequeg sail no more!
261) 4) dialog: Cap'n be BAD MAGIC!
261) 6) dialog: Queequeg harpoon NO MORE! With that, he struts to the foot of the main mast, plops down on the deck and sits erect and unmoving. Gazing dead ahead. Rooted to the spot. Ahab is near exploding. He thinks twice, glancing around at the men. Faces stare at him. Deciding to ignore Queequeg, he marches away to his cabin. Starbuck, no longer able to contain himself, starts after Ahab.
263) 0) text: Queequeg sits at the foot of the mast, hunched over a tiny fire of wood shavings on the deck. He CHANTS a Polynesian ritual, praying to his Yojo. Ishmael hunkers down before him, terribly concerned.
263) 10) dialog: Ship on fire...aye! Whole big ship! Ship all BURNS!... (resigned to it) An' Queequeg go him island in sky. Ishmael kneels down, gazing at him, trying to understand. clutches his arm in a vice-like grip. QUEEQUEG (cont'd) Quick...fetch carpenter!
263) 13) dialog: Need him build canoe...like dem canoes place 'em inside when dem Nantucket whalemen dead! Dark wood...like dem war-wood canoes on me island!
263) 16) dialog: To lie him in and take him go island in sky! Not in me foc'sle hammock, sabee? Ishmael nods, saddened. He translates to Starbuck, as Dagoo appears with the Carpenter.
263) 21) dialog: No more. Don't matter wedder be Fiji god or Nantucket god, no more god on dis ship... (deep whisper) No more god. He withdraws back into his chanting, impervious now to Ishmael, lost in a world beyond communication. Ishmael looks plaintively between Starbuck, Dagoo and Tashtego. Their grim expressions offer no solace. The Yojo burns. An ominous chill to the scene. FADE OUT.
267) 0) text: Strong winds buffet the deck. Queequeg sits rigidly 139 under the mast in the same spot, as if in a frozen coma. A squall whips away the ashes before him. Ishmael sleeps close by his friend, huddled in a blanket. MUFFLED FOOTSTEPS stirs him awake. Not moving, he watches a shadow streak across the deck. A small dinghy drops overboard, SPLASHES down, its tow line strung to the deck above. A figure leans over the landward railing, feeding out rope. Bulkington, his back turned to us. He starts to climb over -- a hand clamps on his shoulder. Starbuck behind him. Bulkington stiffens defensively.
281) 0) text: Queequeg sits glued to the foot of the mast, chanting, undaunted by the tempest. Sea water washes over him. Ishmael staggers over, holding on for dear life.
283) 0) text: Ishmael clings to the mast, gripping Queequeg, trying to keep him from washing away. Queequeg sits there, making no move to save himself from the onslaught. Starbuck rushes over and grabs a handhold by the mast.
298) 0) text: A titantic wave sweeps across the deck, submerging everyone! A screaming deckhand washes overboard! Ishmael clamps himself to the mast, holding Queequeg close -- the two momentarily underwater. Drenched crewmen cling to shrouds, battling for ground against wind and sea. Their eyes stare up toward:
302) 12) dialog: Cap'n!! Cap'n!! Ishmael turns in shock. Queequeg struggles at the ropes, suddenly and fully conscious, his lucid eyes 157 focused on Ahab. Ishmael quickly unties him. Queequeg staggers to Ahab, as if he's just seen God. QUEEQUEG (cont'd) Queequeg sabee!...Queequeg see! He falls to Ahab's feet, clutches them worshippingly. QUEEQUEG (cont'd) Me Cap'n...me Cap'n...me GOD! Stubb and Flask, their faces aglow in Ahab's white light, kneel before him on the pitching, windy deck. Dagoo drops to his knees beside Tashtego. Fedellah and the Arabs genuflect, prostrate before the master. Removed from it all, Ishmael puzzles over this mad scene. He watches Starbuck: angry but stricken, fighting all the temptations of the devil. Ahab extends a fatherly hand to Starbuck, yearning for his soul as well.
306) 0) text: The rest of the crew sleeps in exhaustion. Queequeg and Ishmael sit at a mess table over breakfast. His normal self, Queequeg shovels away an immense pile of food on his plate, consuming it with gusto. He's starving. Ishmael studies him with ironic awe.
306) 2) dialog: Only man go dead WANTS to go dead. No bad magic kill man NOT want to go dead! Only big things...big fire, big water, big whale dat don't THINK! Only dat kill man not want to go dead! Sabee? Queequeg smiles charismatically and stuff his mouth. Ishmael sighs, watching his feeding frenzy.
306) 4) dialog: Aye! Queequeg much happy to! Ishmael ponders to himself, clearly distressed.
313) 0) text: Swabbing the deck with Ishmael, Queequeg smokes his tomahawk pipe. He offers it to Ishmael, who takes a deep pull and hands it back. Smiles between them. A distant, eerie SOUND distracts them: unearthly WAILS and MOANS from out at sea, like the human cries of lost souls. Ishmael squints seaward.
324) 0) text: Whalers' faces gape seaward. Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, Ishmael, Queequeg, Tashtego, Dagoo, Fedallah. With anticipation or dread, this is the moment they've all been waiting for. Ahab stands rigid, focused and still -- until murderous rage explodes full force from his face.
336) 0) text: Starbuck is dumbstruck, like the rest. Ishmael shuts his eyes, foreseeing his doom. Queequeg gazes stoically, accepting his. Stunned for a beat, Ahab mutters a seaward growl:
349) 0) text: Starbuck and his men pull fiercely on the lines, battling the racing tide, drawing closer and closer to the whale's stern...twenty feet away! Queequeg leaps to the bow. Fighting for balance, he raises and aims his harpoon... 179
351) 0) text: The boat lurches up over a wave -- Queequeg tumbles off the bow with his harpoon, Ishmael spills out the stern! Airborn for a split second, the boat plunges downward! Starbuck SCREAMS before a wall of water rushing up at him -- the last image he sees!
356) 0) text: Nothing is left of Stubb, Flask, their men or their boats but flotsam and floating bodies. MOBY DICK turns away from the carnage and plows his ominous way toward the ship itself. Ishmael flounders in the choppy waters, trying to keep his head afloat. He sees someone and swims desperately toward him... Queequeg drifts, clinging weakly to a floating oar. The end of his harpoon juts oddly from the water. Ishmael holds onto the oar, gasping, spitting water.
370) 0) text: Ishmael struggles in the water, the lone survivor. In b.g., the Pequod's burning bow sinks from sight. Ishmael looks toward the horizon...but the ship is gone. Nothing but black smoke and a empty sea. Ishmael can't hold on much longer. His grip on the oar weakens... Out of the floating wreckage, Queequeg's coffin pops up into view. Ishmael swims toward it and hangs on for blessed life.