6) 0) text: As Ishmael looks in, the tavern door swings open. A jovial, barrel-chested man (STUBB) clamors out with TWO DOXIES in each arm, laughing spiritedly. Ishmael backs up against the window to steer clear. Stubb and his prostitutes bustle off into the stormy night. Ishmael considers the tavern and digs out a few meager coins from his pocket. Someone distracts him: Crazy, old Elijah eyeballs him from across the street. Ishmael reacts and protectively pockets his coins. He moves on. A short distance further, another tavern with a sign overhead, swinging in the wind: "THE SPOUTER-INN, PETER COFFIN, PROPRIETOR". Ishmael glances through the window.
10) 0) text: 0il lamp in hand, Coffin leads Ishmael through a narrow, twisty corridor of labyrinthine turns and steps. Up three steps and down, around a corner and over another set of steps, passing dim-lit doors. Coffin walks fast, I struggling to keep up. As they pass one door... A giggling, half-naked girl (one of Stubb's Doxies) spills out. Stubb yanks her back inside, slams the door. Ishmael pauses to look back, puzzling over their MUFFLED Coffin glances back with a chortle.
17) 0) text: A vast platter of steaming steaks is plopped down on a 12. large table by a stout, red-faced woman, SAL COFFIN. As soon as the platter is on the table, the sharp spear of a harpoon stabs a fat cut of bloody red meat. Queequeg transfers the steak to his plate with quiet ceremony, the entire maneuver performed with exquisite ge and good manners. Setting aside his harpoon on the floor, he digs in. Ishmael watches him, baffled. The rest of the men don't seem to have noticed anything unusual. They reach for meat and bread, far less politely, and noisily chow down. A brown and brawny bunch, Stubb and Flask among them. Ishmael glances behind him:
17) 1) text: BULKINGTON, a handsome, stalwart seaman with a quiet reserve, sits at another table with his young, pretty FIANCEE. They talk in low voices, holding hands. Ishmael turns back...the platter of steaks is almost empty. He takes the last cut, a small, overcooked portion. Studies it with resignation. He's about to cut into it, when his steak is removed by Sal... She grins and presents him with a whole new platter piled high with fine, rare slices. Stubb and Flask chuckle at Ishmael. Sal gives them a stern look.
32) 0) text: NANTUCKET WIVES in their bleak dresses and shawls run in scattered groups to a high vantage point. They collect to on the promontory, all eyes cast seaward to catch a last glimpse of their husbands' dwindling ship. Among them is Starbuck's Wife, a face of sad remorse. Stubb's two Doxies, gushing tears. Ahab's grieving Wife, who has no more tears left to cry. All bear the look of women who have become widows in their men's lifetimes. Standing alone, Bulkington's Fiancee gazes forlornly out, hugging herself with anxious dread. Starbuck's Wife approaches and lays a comforting arm around her. From their view, the Pequod shrinks into the horizon.
34) 5) dialog: Lookin' at a dumber one, I'd say! He laughs and turns, calling to a lookout high aloft. STUBB (cont'd) Ho! Masthead there! Look sharp! We'll be sightin' for whales from sunup to sundown! If ye see one, split yer lungs, d'ye hear?!
35) 3) dialog: Jump, my jollies! Dagoo and others tumble toward the topmasts, among them Bulkington. The two men taunt each other good- naturedly as they go about their dangerous business, shouting between masts:
36) 0) text: The halyard pulling stops. Ishmael nurses his palms and s across the heaving deck, a bit seasick. A ship's boom swings across the deck, about to broadside him -- Queequeg yanks him out of the way. Both topple across the deck together. Stubb bellows a laugh.
36) 1) dialog: One hand for the ship, Mister Ishmael, one hand for yerself! Ishmael rises to his feet, nods his thanks to Queequeg, h but keeping his pride. To Stubb:
36) 3) dialog: Aye, but you're wrong! It's laughter that's the final consequence of everything! The only comfort a man has, 33. and the wisest one!
36) 5) dialog: The ONLY comfort, shipmate, and the wisest, I tell you! Wise Stubb, that's what they call me -- and that's because, whatever happens, I go to it laughing! Another bellowing laugh. Ishmael nods, accepting that. Flask joins Flask picks them, hard-eying Ishmael as he faces Stubb.
37) 8) dialog: Your guess is as good as mine.
37) 10) dialog: We will and ye'll soon not forget it! Ye haven't lived, young monkey, 'til you've raised a whale! He moves on. Ishmael stares out over the rolling sea.
38) 15) dialog: At ease, ye sons of bachelors! We ain't the Capt'n, after all.
38) 17) dialog: You're in a sad pickle, lad.
38) 19) dialog: Not without permission from the Capt'n.
38) 24) dialog: No medicine for you, Flask! Let's christen our new pup... (to Ishmael) Come here, me boy! This'1ll cure ye... Ishmael turns, gingerly holding his bowl. Stubb pours rum over his bandaged hands. Ishmael drops the bowl -- screams in pain! Stubb pushes the bottle at him. STUBB (cont'd) Quick! Drink, lad, it'll kill the pain... Agonizing, Ishmael grabs the bottle with hot hands and takes a quick, deep swig. He spits out a mouthful and gasps, his insides burning worse than his hands. STUBB (cont'd) Go on -- take another! Ye may be dry for a long spell to come! Looking around at the mates GOADING him on, Ishmael takes the challenge. He chugalugs from the bottle.
38) 26) dialog: Well done, sailor! Ishmael can't speak, his breath on fire, sinking faintly on a bench. Queequeg pounds his back to revive him. The others eye the bottle, anxious for a taste. Their grubby hands grope for it, but Flask pushes them back. 39.
38) 28) dialog: Hist! Cut your seizings! The crew falls silent, eyes on the swaying ceiling. The RHYTHMIC THUNK-CLOP of a pacing peg leg on deck. Then it stops. A long, quiet beat between the men. Stubb turns to Ishmael, in a low voice: STUBB (cont'd) He lost that leg to a whale, is what I heard. Devoured, it was! Chewed up by the most monstrous fish that ever chipped a boat!
38) 30) dialog: Well, no whale's ever happy to be hunted. I wouldn't want any man in my boat who ain't afraid of ‘em.
38) 34) dialog: Ahab? He's hunted more whales than all of us put together.
38) 37) dialog: Bulkington would know. He was there. All faces turn to Bulkington, far removed in his bunk.
38) 39) dialog: Aye, spin us a yarn! Everyone waits with anticipation. Bulkington just stares at the ceiling, then replies with finality:
38) 41) dialog: I'll tell ye this much, pup. A good-sized sperm whale can ram, shiver and sink a ship in a matter of seconds!
38) 44) dialog: Why, sharks are so a-feared of 'em, they dash themselves into rocks just to flee a whale's wake! Drunken Ishmael listens with wide-eyed terror. Pip dances around the quarters, breaking the tension.
41) 0) text: Starbuck and Stubb are on watch, gauging the wind and the luff of the sails. Starbuck shouts up:
41) 2) dialog: First watch! All hands on deck! Come along, ye solemn rogues, cease your preening! The rest of the crew spill onto the deck, hastening to their duties. Stubb grins at a hung-over Ishmael, shouting close: STUBB (cont'd) You're on morning lookout, sailor! Get aloft! Ishmael grimaces. Nursing sore hands, he looks up apprehe at the towering masthead. Queequeg steps between them.
41) 4) dialog: Nay, every man takes his turn. He whacks Ishmael's aching back, a quick laugh. STUBB (cont'd) This mother's boy has got to earn his salt! Hop to it!
41) 6) dialog: Jump to it! Legs, man, legs!
43) 0) text: Queequeg waves to urge him on. By now, most of the crew are watching Ishmael's virgin climb. Starbuck sidles over beside Stubb with amusement and concern.
43) 2) dialog: Aye, but we'll make a seamen of him yet.
45) 0) text: The crew CHEERS. Grinning Stubb shouts up:
45) 1) dialog: Keep your weather eye open and look sharp!
49) 1) dialog: Who are them funny-lookin' boys with the Capt'n?
52) 2) dialog: Look at him, Flask, there's something like a chick in him, peckin' at his shell, fightin' to get out!
52) 9) dialog: A dead whale or a sunk boat! Ahab slams his fists down onto the bulwark -- BARKS with guttural satisfaction. He reaches into his vest
59) 0) text: A quiet, more civilized scene. Starbuck reads alone from a bible. Stubb and Flask play a game of Draught.
66) 4) dialog: By thunder! A whole school of ‘em! The deck becomes a frenzy of activity. Queequeg and Tashtego emerge from below, harpoons ready.
71) 0) text: Cranes are thrust out, line tubs fixed in their places and whaling boats swung over to be lowered, sailors working frantically. Three boats lower fast, chains CLANKING, ropes HISSING, and splash onto the water. A clamor of SHOUTS, rowers, ha and the three mates scrambling down ladders, into their respective boats. A fourth spare boat is lowered by Fedallah's crew, aloof from the others, working silently and efficiently. In Starbuck's boat, Ishmael mans the oars with others, br with anticipation of his first whale hunt. Queequeg attaches rope lines to his harpoons. The boat casts away from the ship. Stubb cries out from his boat, as they too cast off.
71) 1) dialog: Well, here goes for a cool dive at death and destruction! And let the devil fetch the hindmost ! Casting off in his boat, Flask gestures outward in dismay.
73) 1) dialog: (mockingly) There's a pretty fellow now! Let's give 'em jackals a run for their money! All three boats row out at a furious pace.
78) 0) text: Stubb roars with laughter, as his boat passes them.
78) 1) dialog: Pull, pull, my children, my little ones! (to Flask) What difference who they are... they're five more hands come to help us! More the merrier, I say! But let's give 'ema bit of sport! (to oarsmen) Snap your oars, you rascals! Long and strong, ragamuffins, you sorry rapscallions...give way! Give way! Pull, pull! His boat pulls ahead, disappearing behind a tall swell.
92) 0) text: A dead, blood-soaked sperm whale floats, fluke out. Fedal kill. A distance off, Starbuck's boat, men climbing back into her. But not a sign of Flask's boat. Stubb's boat drifts into view toward Fedallah's boat.
93) 0) text: Stubb looms in the stern, his jaw set. Missing all the action, he's not laughing now. He glances at the dead whale...then turns his envious eyes on the grinning Arab. Scanning the horizon of high swells, Stubb cups his hands and shouts:
93) 1) dialog: Flask! You impious old smut! Where the devil are ye?! No reply. Just the distant SOUND of CRYING WHALES.
97) 0) text: Fedallah leaps on deck, as Pip dances and tambourines around him. The old Carpenter bangs a bell with his hammer, applauding him. Stubb and Tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger looks at the Arab, a mix of admiration and resentment. Fe casually picks his teeth with a tapering, knife-long fingernail. They help aboard Ishmael...wet, shivering, in shock. Then come Starbuck and Queequeg, both soaked to the bone but composed as if nothing had happened.
102) 2) dialog: Aye! What manner of creature is he, anyway?
102) 6) dialog: Man's the devil, all right! The reason ye can't see his tail is because he tucks it out of sight!
102) 10) dialog: That's it, Starbuck! Ahab's hard after that white whale, ain't he? Mebbe that devil is tryin' to get him to swap away his silver watch or, or...
104) 0) text: Stubb hastens across the deck, accompanied by the Cook, Flask, Ishmael and the Carpenter, who carries a lamp rigged to the wooden staff of a harpoon. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego follow them with spears and lances.
104) 1) dialog: A steak, a steak, by heaven, before I sleep! They make their way toward the ship's side to which the carcass is lashed. All the men look down at the hump of the whale's immense forehead. Fedallah silently drifts past them. Startled by him, Stubb turns to the others with a look of scorn.
104) 2) dialog: Ah, now wait, shipmates... wait! Ain't this the devil that killed the whale?
104) 3) text: He bows mockingly to Fedallah, who returns a skeletal grin. STUBB (cont'd) The harpooner's choice of steak, eh? Is that what ye came for? Ignoring him, Fedallah spits down at the carcass of the whale with pure contempt. Tauntingly, he steps up to the gold coin on the mast and taps it, as if it were already his. Then returns to his crew in the spare boat. Stubb laughs and leans over the bulwark. He takes the harpoon-lamp from the Carpenter and shines it down on the ferocious scene below: sharks in a feeding frenzy, ripping at the dead whale.
104) 4) dialog: Well, that foreign devil may care not for whale steaks, but I'll eat this fish in one mouthful! (to harpooners) Ready, boys... Stubb throws the harpoon-lamp -- impaling it into the whale's forehead. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego leap over the side.
106) 1) dialog: Just the tender bits, boys!
109) 0) text: The harpooners have returned, the others all huddled around something. Stubb pushes his way in between them, as we move in to reveal: five whale steaks, sizzling on a rudimentary grill. Behind the grill, the Cook works fast, sprinkling whole spices on the meat, chopping them directly onto the barbecued steaks.
109) 1) dialog: Be quick about it, cook! I'm famished!
110) 0) text: Stubb respectfully offers the plate of steaming meat.
110) 1) dialog: Capt'n, sir. Would ye care to have first honors, sir? Ahab shakes his head gravely, not veering from his watch. Stubb shrugs and climbs back down.
111) 0) text: Stubb sits down with Flask at a makeshift table, complete with napkins, knives and forks. In b.g., Ishmael, the Carpenter and the harpooners hungrily watch the ceremony. The two officers dig into their steaks with relish, Stubb leaning over in a low voice: STUBB (cont'd) Poor Capt'n. The whale eats him, 'stead of him eatin' the whale. Flask listens to the shark's savagings, annoyed.
118) 0) text: Viewed from our deck: the happy, drunken Enderby crew crowd the bulwarks, facing us. They wave flasks of grog, SHOUTING across and gesturing us to join them. Scanning across the faces of our crewmen, we see the eager anticipation of licking lips and ogling eyes. Ishmael gawks at the LAUGHING native girls, their voices like sweet music. Queequeg nods knowingly to himself, a nostalgic look. Sunning in the whaleboat, only Fedellah's crew shows no interest. Flask turns to Stubb, unable to take his eyes off the girls.
118) 2) dialog: Aye. Those crack fellows have done well for themselves. Starbuck smiles at the men. Beside him, Ahab sees and hears nothing but the ENDERBY CAPTAIN climbing up the ship's side with his ESCORTS. Starbuck turns to Ahab.
120) 0) text: Ishmael tightens a halyard at the main mast. Stubb fixes a brace beside him. Ishmael glances at the glistening gold coin hammered to the mast, then looks away toward the Captain: Ahab is at his usual watch facing dead to windward, brooding with stormy thoughts.
120) 3) dialog: Agh, I've seen worse. Better to sail with a moody good captain than a merry bad one. Pip sits on a capstan with his untouched tambourine, watching the ill mood around him. Perth and Dough-Boy swab the deck, SQUABBLING AD-LIB with each other in low, angry voices.
122) 1) text: Perth dumps a swab bucket and splashes Dough-Boy. A fight quickly breaks out! Perth pulls a knife -- until Stubb grabs his wrist and yanks it away.
123) 2) dialog: Nothin' of concern, sir. Ahab turns away. Starbuck talks to his back, persistent:
124) 0) text: Stubb pushes the knife back to Perth, low-voiced.
124) 1) dialog: Get below, Perth!
124) 3) dialog: Quiet! Go swab the foc'sle "til ye learn your manners! Perth struts sullenly away.
150) 0) text: Stubb lights his pipe, as his men row furiously.
150) 1) dialog: Go, lads, row like the wind! He looks toward Ahab's boat: streaking far ahead. Starbuck's boat glides by. Stubb turns aside. STUBB (cont'd) Who'd have thought it, eh?! At night, to boot! If I had only one leg, ye wouldn't catch ME in a boat by night... unless maybe to stop a leak with a whalebone toe!
151) 0) text: Starbuck turns to Stubb's boat, shaking his head.
157) 0) text: Stubb cups an ear, shifting the pipe in his mouth, tuned into every sound around him. His voice hushed:
157) 1) dialog: Softly, softly...whoa, babes! Still now! The rowers stop rowing and lift up their oars. Tashtego readies himself at the bow.
180) 0) text: Ahab signals his oarsmen, and the boat slows. In b.g., Stubb's and Flask's boats row in close to join them, the whalers assessing the new kill. Ahab turns, his face in shadow like a phantom in the still gloom.
181) 2) dialog: Aye, I saw him myself! Miles of sea between him and us by now. We can't afford to lose this fine kill on account of that minstrel's foolishness.
182) 0) text: 99 Starbuck jumps across from his boat into Stubb's.
182) 2) dialog: Ye got a hundred barrels of sperm oil here -- why would ye be wastin' yer men's time lookin' for a cabin boy?
182) 4) dialog: Aye, can't argue with that.
193) 0) text: 106 Queequeg boards with little Pip in his arms, the boy dazed but alive. Bulkington takes him and hands him to Flask, who gives him to Stubb. The men pass the boy between them like a bucket brigade...to Starbuck, who sits Pip atop an oil barrel.
193) 2) dialog: Well, this is a fine day! We'd given him up for lost!
193) 4) dialog: By jimminy! You're a credit to us all! Ishmael smiles proudly, as men give him and Queequeg hearty pats. The two trade grins of brotherly kinship. They step over to Pip. Everyone gathers round the boy, as Tashtego pushes the tambourine into Pip's hands.
198) 0) text: Starbuck steps down to middeck before a curious sight at the bottom of the main mast: Ahab stands on the flat seat of a custom-made cradle suspended a few feet off the deck. Stubb and Flask rig pulley lines beside him. Starbuck approaches Ahab.
198) 3) dialog: Secure as a mother's arms, sir. 109
201) 2) dialog: I fear we should've left Pip to his fate, poor boy! Pip recoils from Stubb and darts up the mast ropes like a little monkey.
203) 0) text: Stubb shakes his head up at him. He turns to peer closely at the doubloon. Starbuck, Flask and Ishmael join him.
203) 1) dialog: Sixteen dollars. HAH! I've seen doubloons before, nothin' but round things made of gold. Not much wonder in 'em. But whoever kills that white demon, this round thing belongs to him!
212) 0) text: Stubb and Bulkington lean over the side, harsh spray in their faces, watching seaward:
214) 0) text: Ahab ROARS, frustrated again. He paces across the ship at that half-stomping gait, stewing away. Stubb turns out of the wind and lights his pipe.
214) 1) dialog: Well, that's that. He'll not breach for an hour, and miles from here. He's a cunning one, that Moby Dick.
216) 0) text: The tri-works furnace burns, billowing black smoke. The Cook pulls out a baked loaf of bread on the blade end of a harpoon. The Blacksmith dumps in a bucket of whale oil to fuel the tri-works' blaze. Bundled in winter coats and scarves, Stubb, Flask and others huddle close to the warmth of its open hearth. Ishmael paces nearby to ward off the cold. Starbuck steps over to watch the Blacksmith dip his bucket into an open oil cask.
224) 0) text: Starbuck and Stubb stare over the side with worrisome frowns.
224) 2) dialog: Aye, a bad sign. Shouldn't we turn about?
226) 0) text: 118 Starbuck and Stubb stare grimly forward: dead ahead, the passage between ice floes narrows into a twisty water lane through solid sheets of whiteness.
233) 0) text: Starbuck and Stubb rush to the side and look down. Ahab THUNK-CLOPS furiously forward and stares out in despair, crewmen behind him.
249) 0) text: Sailors tumble aloft to man the sails. Starbuck takes over the helm. Stubb mans the rigging with Ishmael and Queequeg. Ahab hurries toward his cabin, shouting orders all around.
249) 4) dialog: Quiet, ye crazy loon! Away from the Captain's quarters--
249) 6) dialog: Blood and thunder! well, there go two crazy ones now! One crazy with strength, the other crazy with weakness! A "greater idiot," am I, eh? Than Pip?! HA! Ishmael and Queequeg exchange bewildered looks. FADE OUT.
253) 0) text: Starbuck and Stubb peer out from the port bulwarks, expectancy on their faces.
253) 1) dialog: Well, now! That's a cheerin' sight! Bulkington stares out, an intense look on his face, as if the nearing ship were a means of escape.
256) 0) text: Ahab balances himself atop the bow gunwale and stands 128 tall above his crew, looking down on the Rachel's deck. Starbuck approaches, Stubb and Ishmael in tow.
258) 3) dialog: By heavens, we must help the man! To hell with Ahab and his damned whale! Starbuck reacts to Stubb's unusual display of emotion.
260) 0) text: Stubb and I Unsurprised to budge. AHAB (cont'd) I will not do it, Captain Gardiner! Even as we speak, I am losing time and I'1l not lose any more! (turns quickly) Mister Starbuck! Prepare to turn windward! shmael stare at him in utter disbelief. , Starbuck just glares at him, refusing Ignoring him, Ahab bellows at his crew: AHAB (cont'd) Man the yards, we're sailing on! ON THE DOUBLE! 131 Fearful of his wrath, the deckhands rush to their duties. Starbuck stands there fixed, hatred in his eyes. Ahab shouts across the water: AHAB (cont'd) Goodbye, Captain Gardiner! Goodbye and may God help ye, man! May I forgive myself, but now I MUST GO!
274) 0) text: The deck pitches and rolls on the brewing seas. Men climb spider-like across the yards, trying to control the wind-beaten sails. Stubb shouts up at them:
274) 1) dialog: Furl those t'gallant sails! And close reef them topsails, fore and aft! Starbuck marches over to them, shouting over the wind.
275) 0) text: The dark bowels of the ship. Oil barrels are piled high against the hull. The three mates stand in an 144 inch of leaking oil covering the floor, balancing themselves to the ship's lilting sway. Starbuck illuminates the sinister hold with a lamp, Stubb and Flask staring at him.
275) 1) dialog: How d'ye mean, "usurpation"?
275) 6) dialog: What're ye proposin', mate?
275) 8) dialog: That's dangerous talk...I can't abide by it. If the Capt'n says to tar up the barrels, let's tar ‘em up.
275) 10) dialog: Aye, that might be true... but Ahab's still capt'n. And a fearless one at that!
275) 13) dialog: But MUTINY, sir! That's an idea born of an undigested stomach. That's a killin' ground you're standing on!
275) 15) dialog: 146 This is a sharkish business we're in, Starbuck. Are ye shark enough for THIS?
275) 17) dialog: I do, mate. But I ain't a religious man, nor a brave one. Ye stand alone.
277) 0) text: Powerful winds pound the deck. Stubb shouts at sailors on the rigging.
277) 1) dialog: Back the mainyard and break out the mainhold! A sea storm's comin' to greet us! He stares at Starbuck, who paces the aft deck and glances repeatedly at the Captain's cabin. Stubb frowns, sensing his moral dilemma. Ishmael pulls hard on a halyard, turning to glimpse his friend: Queequeg still sits in the same place, swaying to the ship's rise and fall. The coffin slides around him.
280) 0) text: At the helm Stubb struggles to keep the wheel steady, fighting for balance, singing at the top of his lungs:
280) 1) dialog: Oh, jolly is the gale, and a joker is the whale! Such a sporty, jokey, hokey-pokey lad is the ocean, oh! Starbuck climbs up the quarterdeck steps toward him.
280) 3) dialog: I told ye I weren't a brave man, Starbuck! I'm a coward, if truth be known...and I'11 sing to keep up my spirits! No way to stop me, sir, but to cut my throat! 149
280) 5) dialog: Bad work, Mister Starbuck! Bad work! The sea's havin' its way! We can't fight it! Nobody can! Not even HIM! Starbuck helps him with the wheel, looking up: torn sails flap violently, men nearly thrown off the rigging.
296) 0) text: Stubb spots him too and nods enthusiastically, echoed quickly by the rest of the crew. 153
297) 0) text: Starbuck takes the wheel from Stubb and turns it full circle with all his might. The deck lurches to port. Ahab wheels around in rage.
302) 1) dialog: God have mercy on us all!! The crew staggers back in fear. Dagoo reflexively seizes his harpoon to protect himself. Tashtego falls to his knees, praying for his life. Even Fedallah and his Arabs fall back in terrified awe. Ahab THUNK-CLOPS down to middeck with a triumphant air.
304) 0) text: A deathly quiet reigns over the deck, like a ghost ship. Broken spars and scattered rigging from the storm lie about, unattended to. The ship seems at first glance deserted, but there are seamen about... Dough-Boy, aloft in the lookout. Dagoo and Tashtego squat on the bow gunwale, harpoons in hand, eyes fixed on the horizon with warrior-like intensity. Stubb cons the ship on the wheeldeck, puffing his pipe. Flask at the helm. Both gaze steadily seaward with fanatical concentration. Fedallah and his crew straddle yard arms, staring uniformly out to sea. Zealous sentinels, watching and waiting. Not a sound from anyone. No talking, no laughter, not even from Stubb. All are focused on whatever is out there. All with one singular purpose.
309) 2) dialog: Well, there's nothin' else for it. We lost the old one, we need a new one. So stop yer complainin' -- just rig it! The Carpenter snorts peevishly. Nearby, the Cook turns with a mock command.
324) 0) text: Whalers' faces gape seaward. Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, Ishmael, Queequeg, Tashtego, Dagoo, Fedallah. With anticipation or dread, this is the moment they've all been waiting for. Ahab stands rigid, focused and still -- until murderous rage explodes full force from his face.
326) 0) text: A mad race to get there first. Rowers work with mindless concentration, muscle and rhythm in sync, racing full speed ahead of Stubb's and Flask's boats. Ahab exhorts them from the bow, leaning fiercely forward, looking like Moses on a Red Sea.
335) 0) text: Their boats rocking in the wake of destruction, Stubb and Flask stare awestruck, speechless. The men look on in wondrous fear.
337) 0) text: The chase is on again, building momentum. Starbuck's boat closes in on the mountainous whale, Stubb's and Flask's boats right behind them.
346) 0) text: Witnessing the scene, Stubb angrily tosses his pipe into the sea and seizes Tashtego's harpoon, brave as fearless fire, shouting at his oarsmen:
346) 1) dialog: Thunder away at him, lads, PULL! I'll strike at 'im myself and send him to a
347) 0) text: Flask echoes Stubb, inflamed with passion.
348) 0) text: Stubb's and Flask's boats advance rapidly toward MOBY DICK -- the giant whale heading their way, dragging Starbuck's boat behind him.
353) 0) text: Stubb hasn't time to react, as he looks down over the bow: Underwater, a massive white head breaches up toward us from the depths with terrifying swiftness!
354) 0) text: MOBY DICK shoots straight up out of the water like an explosion -- lifting Stubb's boat high, rupturing it! The boat splinters into pieces, scattering wood and men far and wide! Plunging back down with a huge SPLASH, the whale wields its great tail over Flask's boat...
356) 0) text: Nothing is left of Stubb, Flask, their men or their boats but flotsam and floating bodies. MOBY DICK turns away from the carnage and plows his ominous way toward the ship itself. Ishmael flounders in the choppy waters, trying to keep his head afloat. He sees someone and swims desperately toward him... Queequeg drifts, clinging weakly to a floating oar. The end of his harpoon juts oddly from the water. Ishmael holds onto the oar, gasping, spitting water.