35) 0) text: High on the topgallant mast stands harpooner TASHTEGO, an American Indian with long hair and the noble face of a warrior hunter. A muscled giant like Queequeg. Climbing a swaying rope ladder in the breeze is another harpooner DAGOO, a coal-black barbarian with huge gold loops in his ears. Another giant. A strong gust of wind hits the sails. The men react immediately, scrambling over spars like nimble spiders.
38) 16) dialog: What capt'n? He don't exist. Stubb and Flask observes Ishmael with his swathed hands, his bowl with great difficulty as the Cook ladles out stew.
38) 43) dialog: An' dey thirst for human 41. blood!
53) 2) dialog: Must be dat whale folks call Moby Dick, eh, Capt'n? On Ahab's face, a remarkable transformation. He turns toward Tashtego, his low voice like an animal snarl:
53) 14) dialog: Aye, aye!
86) 0) text: Tashtego quickly raises and slams his harpoon deep into the body of the huge creature! Blood gushes!
97) 0) text: Fedallah leaps on deck, as Pip dances and tambourines around him. The old Carpenter bangs a bell with his hammer, applauding him. Stubb and Tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger looks at the Arab, a mix of admiration and resentment. Fe casually picks his teeth with a tapering, knife-long fingernail. They help aboard Ishmael...wet, shivering, in shock. Then come Starbuck and Queequeg, both soaked to the bone but composed as if nothing had happened.
104) 0) text: Stubb hastens across the deck, accompanied by the Cook, Flask, Ishmael and the Carpenter, who carries a lamp rigged to the wooden staff of a harpoon. Queequeg, Dagoo and Tashtego follow them with spears and lances.
105) 0) text: They land on the giant whale's head, Queequeg and Dagoo carrying sharp cutting spears. They climb down toward the tail, while Tashtego keeps guard against the sharks with lances in both hands.
107) 0) text: Queequeg and Dagoo BARK SIGNALS to each other as they struggle their way to the tail of the carcass. 73. Despite their precarious position, the slippery whale and the unpredictable swells, Queequeg and Dagoo cut into the lower part of the whale's tail. Queequeg slices out a large chunk of red meat, when... An enormous shark lunges out of the water at him! It almost snatches the bloody meat -- but Queequeg tosses it to Dagoo. Queequeg slips and starts to slide down the tail section -- directly toward the massive jaws of the shark! He slams his cutting spear into the whale and pulls himself up. Tashtego spears the shark. A quick, thrashing death.
147) 2) dialog: WOO-HAA-HEE! Aye, Capt'n! Dat Moby Dick come near Tash an' he be a dead fish! Dagoo leaps into a boat, lines wrapped around his shoulders and tied to his two harpoons, one in each hand. He lifts them high, a flash of teeth.
193) 5) dialog: G'won, Pip! Do us a tune! Pip focuses glassy eyes on the tambourine, as if he doesn't recognize it. Then...he throws it violently to the deck. Stunned, silent looks all around. Queequeg picks it up with a disturbed frown. Ishmael reaches out to Pip.
204) 0) text: Exhausted, Ahab dozes as he stands on his lookout cradle. Above him on the top lookout, Tashtego scans the horizon and suddenly cries out:
204) 1) dialog: There she blows, Cap'n!! It's WHITE! The white whale! Startled, Ahab pops his eyes open and peers out.
263) 4) dialog: His spirit is ill. It be his time to die. He looks at Queequeg with deep understanding. Sings a low-voiced INDIAN PRAYER, as if to guide him along.
304) 0) text: A deathly quiet reigns over the deck, like a ghost ship. Broken spars and scattered rigging from the storm lie about, unattended to. The ship seems at first glance deserted, but there are seamen about... Dough-Boy, aloft in the lookout. Dagoo and Tashtego squat on the bow gunwale, harpoons in hand, eyes fixed on the horizon with warrior-like intensity. Stubb cons the ship on the wheeldeck, puffing his pipe. Flask at the helm. Both gaze steadily seaward with fanatical concentration. Fedallah and his crew straddle yard arms, staring uniformly out to sea. Zealous sentinels, watching and waiting. Not a sound from anyone. No talking, no laughter, not even from Stubb. All are focused on whatever is out there. All with one singular purpose.
324) 0) text: Whalers' faces gape seaward. Starbuck, Stubb, Flask, Ishmael, Queequeg, Tashtego, Dagoo, Fedallah. With anticipation or dread, this is the moment they've all been waiting for. Ahab stands rigid, focused and still -- until murderous rage explodes full force from his face.
346) 0) text: Witnessing the scene, Stubb angrily tosses his pipe into the sea and seizes Tashtego's harpoon, brave as fearless fire, shouting at his oarsmen: