5) 0) text: Mary enters office, crosses to her desk, sits down, rubs temples, finally looks over at Caroline, a girl in the la of her teens.
5) 2) dialog: (a high, bright, eager- to-talk voice laced  to-with a vague Texan  accent)
5) 6) dialog: You got aspirins? I have something...  not aspirins, but (cheerfully takes  bottle of pills out  of desk drawer)
5) 10) dialog: Teddy called.  Me... And my mother  called to see if Teddy called. Oh,  and your sister called to say she's  going to Tucson to do some buying  and she'll be gone the whole weekend  and... She breaks off, distracted by the SOUND of the door openi MR. LOWERY and his oil-lease client, TOM CASSIDY enter th office. Lowery is a pleasant, worried-faced man, big and trifle pompous. Cassidy is very faced loud and has a lunc hour load on. He is a gross man, exuding a kind of pitifu vulgarity.
5) 24) text: Casharoonie! He takes out of his inside pocket, two separate bundles o new $100 bills and throws them onto the desk, under Mary' nose. Caroline's eyes go wide at the sight of the gloriou green bundles of bills, and she comes close to the desk.  Cassidy leans terribly close to Mary, flicks through the  bills, laughs wickedly.
5) 31) dialog: (staring at the money)
5) 43) text: I don't even want it in the office  over the weekend. Put it in the safe  deposit box, at the bank, Mary. And  we'll get him to give us a check on  Monday - instead. He starts quickly away when it looks like Cassidy is goin to come and pull him bodily into the office. When the men are gone and the door is closed, Caroline picks up a bund smiles at it.
5) 44) dialog: He was flirting with you. I guess he  noticed my wedding ring. Mary has put one bundle into a large envelope and takes t other from Caroline. When the bills are away, she puts th filled envelope in her handbag, notices the remaining dee copies on her desk, picks them up, goes to the private of door, knocks, starts to open door as:
7) 1) dialog: Aren't you going to take the pills? (as Mary shakes her  head)
32) 7) text: Caroline...? Mary still isn't in?
36) 4) text: Caroline, get Mr. Cassidy for me.