61) 2) dialog: Sam?
61) 4) dialog: Sam Loomis.
61) 6) text: Sam! Lady wants to see you! Lila looks to the back room. The woman customer goes on  worriedly examining the fine print of the insecticide can Sam comes to the door of his room, pauses, looks at Lila moment, starts toward her, his expression indicating that does not know her. Lila studies him with a quiet, worried expression.
61) 8) dialog: May I talk to you?
61) 10) text: Sure... Lila glances at the customer and the clerk, turns, starts toward the front of the store. Sam holds a moment, then  follows. As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying intently as she says:
61) 11) dialog: I'm Mary's sister.
61) 13) dialog: (quickly)
61) 14) text: Is Mary here? Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hosti expression on Lila's face. He studies her for a quiet mom Behind them is a display of various size carving knives.
61) 16) dialog: I want to know if my sister is here.
61) 18) dialog: With you.
61) 20) dialog: I don't know where. In your store,  somewhere in your town... anywhere.
61) 22) dialog: Don't you know? As Sam is about to speak, the Woman Customer comes sailin past, speaking as she goes and wearing a satisfied smile.
61) 25) dialog: To begin with, where Mary is. Do  you?
61) 28) dialog: Last Friday. She left work, and  home... I was in Tucson over the  weekend... I haven't heard from her,  not even a phone call.
61) 30) dialog: A good reason, I suppose.
61) 33) dialog: Mr. Loomis, you're so busy being  defensive that you haven't even  reacted to the most serious fact of  all. Mary is missing.
61) 35) dialog: What do you know about it?
61) 37) dialog: Look, if you two are in this thing  together, I don't care, it's none of  my business... But I want to see  Mary. I want her to tell me she's  all right and it's none of my  business. Then I'll go back to Phoenix  and... She stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her e beginning to fill with worried tears. Sam studies her for moment, then turns and calls:
61) 42) dialog: Huh?
61) 44) dialog: (A pause)
61) 47) dialog: Yes.
61) 49) dialog: Not that kind... (Almost a smile)
61) 52) text: Never mind my ego. Let's talk about  Mary. Their attention is distracted by a man who has strolled  quietly into the room. He ignores them, walks past them,  goes behind the counter, takes down a sign reading "CLOSE FOR LUNCH," walks back to the door, closes door, hangs th sign across the door window, locks the door, turns to Sam and Lila, folds his arms, smiles a particularly unfriendl smile.
61) 57) dialog: I don't know.
61) 69) dialog: She was supposed to bank it, on  Friday, for her boss. She didn't. And no one has seen her since.
61) 73) dialog: Sam, they don't want to prosecute,  they just want the money back. It  was all in cash...
61) 76) dialog: Sam, if she's here...
61) 79) dialog: (wearily)
61) 82) dialog: (anxiously)
61) 87) text: I don't believe it. (to Lila, slowly)
61) 89) dialog: (a thoughtful pause)
61) 94) dialog: I just listened... and believed  everything they told me. 'She stole  the money.' 'We don't want to get  her in trouble.' 'No don't bring the  police in'...
61) 96) dialog: No. The man whose money she... he  talked so loud and fast, and I... I  should've called the police.
61) 98) dialog: I ought to call the police right  now!
61) 100) dialog: Why not? Sam, is she hiding here?   Are you two planning to go away with  the money?
61) 103) dialog: She haven't even called you?
61) 105) dialog: I need to... I need to believe  something. This is the first time  I've ever come up against anything I  couldn't... understand.
61) 107) dialog: No. I just think... anything can be  explained. But Mary, doing a thing  like this... I don't know how to  handle...
61) 109) dialog: (A rueful shrug)
61) 113) dialog: (A long study, her  suspicion of him  evaporating)
61) 116) dialog: (considers, then:)
61) 120) text: After we check you in we'll go to  the drugstore and get you a sandwich.  Then we'll come back here... and  wait. He hangs the sign on the door, ushers Lila out, closes do behind him.
77) 6) text: Lila there, Mr. Loomis? Arbogast. (waits)
77) 7) text: Lila? Look, this isn't much, but it  might make you feel a little better.  Mary was up here. Spent last Saturday  night at Bates'  Motel, out here on  the old highway. (listens)
77) 12) text: No, you stay put, Lila. With Loomis.  I should be back in an hour. (listens)
77) 13) text: All right. And Lila... You'll be  happy to know what I think. I think  our friend Sam Loomis didn't even  know Mary was here. (smiles)
84) 0) text: Lila is sitting close by the phone, and looks as if she h moved from it in the last hour. Sam is pacing, occasional stopping at the window, glancing out, pacing again. The a tray close to Lila is filled. There is a thick atmosphere of smoke, tension and wearine in the small, otherwise cozy room.
84) 2) text: Sometimes Saturday night has a lonely  sound. Ever notice, Lila?
84) 3) dialog: (unable to keep up  small talk)
84) 6) dialog: Are we just going to go on sitting  here?
84) 9) dialog: You have an awfully nice habit, Sam.
84) 11) dialog: Whenever I start contemplating the  panic button, your back straightens up and your eyes get that God-looks- out-for-everybody look and... I feel  better.
84) 13) dialog: (a pause - then she  rises)
84) 16) dialog: Yes.
84) 18) dialog: Patience doesn't run in our family. Sam, I'm going out there!
84) 20) dialog: An hour! Or less! Sam stares at her, frowns in concern over her very real  anxiety, goes to the phone, dials operator.
84) 23) dialog: Sam! Why call when we can go?
84) 28) dialog: Sam, I'm going.
84) 30) text: You'll never find it. He starts for the door. Lila follows after him into the s
85) 2) dialog: Why can't I go out there with you?
85) 6) dialog: (nervously)
85) 9) text: Contemplate your... panic button. He hurries down to the street door and out. CAMERA HOLDS Lila as she stares after Sam. As she stands alone in the  darkened store, all the hardware seems to take on siniste shapes. C.U. Among some bathroom fittings a nozzle from a shower falls onto the floor.
85) 10) text: Lila turns and picks if from the floor and puts it back i its place. She turns and again looks to the deserted stre with a touch of anxiety. She gives a slight unconscious  shiver.
89) 0) text: The store is in darkness, only the glow from the back roo spilling in. L.S. With CAMERA placed with its back to the street door, we c see the distant tiny figure of Lila seated and waiting in the back room beyond. There is a SOUND of a car pulling u The tiny figure jumps up and runs all the way from the ba room down the aisle of hardware and comes into a BIG HEAD We see Lila's desperate anxious look.
89) 3) dialog: (worriedly)
89) 7) dialog: Where could he have gone?
89) 9) dialog: Without calling me?
89) 11) dialog: Sam, he called me when he had nothing  definite, nothing but a dissatisfied  feeling. Don't you think he'd have  called if he had anything...
89) 13) text: Yes. I think he would have. Lila goes quiet. Sam starts toward the back room, pauses the doorway, turns. Lila has remained by the door, lookin out at the street. She feels his pause, turns, and for a  moment they share at each other across the darkened room.
89) 15) dialog: Who's he?
90) 0) text: A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat hous dim in the moonlight. Sam's pick-up truck comes down the  street, pulls up before the house of Sheriff Chambers. CA MOVES IN on Sam and Lila as they remain for a moment in t truck's cab, staring quietly at the sleeping house.
90) 2) dialog: Well?
90) 4) dialog: (a small exasperation)
90) 7) text: Come on. He gets out of cab, goes around to help Lila. She is alre out. CAMERA FOLLOWS them up the small path to the front d Sam presses the bell button. Both he and Lila are almost  knocked over by the shocking, clanging, ear-splitting BLA OF THE BELL within the house, a ring which sounds more li a fire alarm than a doorbell. He tries to smile, fails. Lila doesn't even try. The  downstairs hall light goes on and a moment later the door unhesitatingly opened by MRS. CHAMBERS, a small, lively s of a woman wrapped in a thick flannel robe and a corona o hospitality.
90) 11) text: It's tinkerbell. (a quick smile at  Lila)
91) 7) dialog: No, thank you. It's my problem, too.
91) 10) dialog: Yes.
91) 12) text: This is Lila Crane, from Phoenix. She's been here for a few days,  looking for her sister. There's a  private detective helping... and,  well, we got a call tonight, from  this detective, saying he'd traced  Mary...
91) 16) text: Bates' Motel. (to Lila)
91) 23) dialog: (interrupting,  anxiously)
91) 27) dialog: She left Phoenix a week ago yesterday.  And no trace until...
91) 31) dialog: Yes.
91) 36) dialog: (a look at sam, then:)
91) 39) dialog: Forty thousand dollars.
91) 44) dialog: Mary had been there, one night, and  had left.
91) 46) dialog: He didn't mention the money. (anxiously)
91) 49) dialog: Go out there! Find somebody, ask  some questions! (a pause)
91) 53) dialog: He said he was dissatisfied... and  was going back.
91) 63) dialog: All right! Then call! At least, call! Mrs. Chambers goes to phone, dials operator.
91) 76) dialog: Please!
91) 83) dialog: And he didn't go back? Didn't see  the mother? The Sheriff looks long at Lila, shakes his head  sympathetically.
91) 85) dialog: What difference does that...
91) 89) dialog: Yes.
91) 91) text: Norman Bates' mother has been dead  and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for  the last ten years! There is a long silence. Sam and Lila stare at the Sherif
91) 102) dialog: It must've been. Arbogast said so,  too... and he said the young man  wouldn't let him see her because she  was ill! The Sheriff stares at both of them, and when he finally s there is an almost inaudible tone or irony in his voice.
95) 0) text: An overcast morning, but a sunny-faced crowd. The service just over, there is contentment, and peace, and just a li I-went-to-church-smugness in the faces of the churchgoers they come out of the chapel, and spread their separate wa away. Amongst the crowd, waiting and searching the faces, are S and Lila. In their expressions there is no peace, no  contentment. CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE. They are not speaking Lila looks as if she has had no sleep. Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts tow the church. CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM, stops as they approach Sheriff an Mrs. Chambers. The Sheriff stares rather sympathetically Lila. Mrs. Chambers smiles nicely.
95) 8) dialog: (Interrupting)
95) 13) dialog: I still feel...
95) 15) dialog: I don't know.
95) 18) dialog: You're not. Sam takes her arm, starts walking her up the street towar the spot where his pick-up truck is parked. CAMERA FOLLOWS them.
95) 20) dialog: I won't feel satisfied unless I got  out there, Sam.
95) 24) dialog: I wonder if we'll ever see Mary again.
95) 26) dialog: Alive. Sam looks as if he'd like to say something humorous, some to cheer her. He cannot. He remains silent.
95) 27) dialog: We lived together all our lives. When we woke up one morning and found ourselves orphans,  Mary quit college and got a job, so I could go to college
95) 29) dialog: I didn't. I got a job, too. (A pause)
95) 32) text: She was willing to lick the stamps. Lila looks quizzically at him, is too concerned to pursue it.
95) 33) dialog: I wonder so many things about her  now.  Why she never told me about  you...  Funny, when you think there's  an answer to everything, you think  you know all the answers.
95) 35) dialog: Do you know how I found out about  you? I found one of your letters...  it was a nice letter, Sam.
95) 37) dialog: I suppose... when you were able to  marry her she'd have presented you,  all shiny and proper... she always  tried to be proper.
95) 39) dialog: Huh?
95) 41) dialog: You going to wait here for me?
95) 43) dialog: We're going to register. As man and  wife. And get shown to a cabin...  and then search every inch of that  place, inside and... outside.
95) 46) dialog: (A tiny smile, first  in hours)
96) 1) text: Close on Sam and Lila as they meet on the porch side of t truck. The motel office and the house beyond can be seen b.g. of shot. Sam and Lila merely stare for a moment, the turn and gaze up at the house. There is no figure in the  window and the shade is drawn. Same goes to the office do peers in, knocks, opens door, enters. Lila remains on the driveway, beside the truck.
97) 0) text: CLOSE ANGLE on Norman standing by the window. He has pull the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who standing by the truck and looking up at the house.  Norma studies her, and as her eyes look up at this very window closes the curtains, turns away. We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of p and his struggle to contain it. Then he goes away. CAMERA remains on window, shooting out and down, and through the frail curtains we can see Sam as he comes out of the mote office and joins Lila.
98) 3) dialog: Someone was at that window. I saw  the curtain move. Sam takes Lila's arm.
99) 0) text: Norman crosses to the desk, goes behind it, takes the key cabin number twelve off the keyboard. Sam and Lila have  entered and are almost to the desk-counter by this time.
99) 5) text: Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this  trip... ninety percent business...  and he wants practically notarized  receipts. I better sign in and get a  receipt. Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, cal him "liar." Instead he reaches under the desk counter, br out the registration book. Lila moves closer, studies the book as Sam signs in. Sam signs "Joe and Mrs. Johnson." signature and city of "Marie Samuels" and after it, the  notation "Cabin One," can be clearly seen three registrat above Sam's. When Sam has finished he closes book, hands it back to No Norman does not take it, starts out from behind counter.
99) 14) dialog: I'll start ahead. Norman looks up, gazes her as she goes out door.
100) 0) text: Lila comes along the porch, pauses before cabin one, trie the door. It opens. She closes it quickly as she hears Sa and Norman coming out of the motel office, continues on d the porch.
100) 2) text: Don't bother yourself... we'll find  it. He goes on down the porch, doesn't even glance at cabin o walks quickly and catches up to Lila just as she reaches  cabin twelve. CAMERA REMAINS with Norman, who is standing the office door, looking after Sam and Lila, his face ale and no longer impassive. He waits a moment, after they ha closed their cabin door, then crosses to the pickup truck CAMERA MOVES with him. He studies the truck, then leans i through the driver's window, twists the registration card around, reads it. It gives the correct name and address of Sam Loomis. Norman comes back out of the window, glances once more to cabin twelve, then at the old house. His suspicions are  confirmed, and now there is the relaxation of relief in h face. He takes on a purposeful air, turns, strides up the path, up onto the porch of the house, opens the door, goe in.
101) 0) text: Lila is at the cabin's rear window, looking out, strainin for a glimpse of the old house, which cannot be seen from the window of this cabin. She turns, frustrated, anxious. Sam is standing at the fo of the bed, staring at the smooth coverlet, his brow crea in a sadness.
101) 1) dialog: We should have asked for Cabin One...  The one Mary was in.
101) 3) dialog: We have to go into that cabin and  search it, Sam... no matter what  we're afraid of finding and no matter  how much it may hurt.
101) 6) dialog: (A pause, then:)
101) 11) dialog: There must be some proof that exists  right now! Something that proves he  got that money away from Mary...  Some way!
101) 13) dialog: Arbogast! Sam, he liked me... or  felt sorry for me... and he was  starting to feel the same about you.  I heard it when he called... in his  voice, a caring. He wouldn't have  gone anywhere or done anything without  telling us.  Unless he was stopped.  And he was stopped, so he must have  found out something! Sam considers a moment, nods agreement, rises.
102) 0) text: Sam closes the door, joins Lila, takes her hand. Together they walk along the porch in the direction of Ca One. CAMERA FOLLOWS. They pause before the door of Cabin  One. Sam motions Lila to wait, to hold still, then goes o to the office, opens the door, calls in:
103) 0) text: The blinds are closed and the room is almost night-dark. Sam comes in after Lila, closes the door behind him. For a moment they just gaze at the room, as if willing it tell them some satisfactory story. Neither speaks. Then, in dark silence, they begin to sear going methodically and thoroughly through all drawers, th closet, the desk, searching under the bed and in dark cor not knowing what they expect to find and yet expecting to find some thing. Lila opens the bathroom door, looks in. windowless room is very dark. She switches on the light,  goes in. Sam moves toward the bathroom, is about to follo her in when he notices which room it is and automatically catches himself up, backs out.
103) 2) dialog: Hospital clean.
103) 4) dialog: The bathroom. Look at how clean it  is. The one in our cabin is clean...  but this is clean! Sam goes in, glances around, nods. Lila goes through the  medicine cabinet, finds nothing but a glass and two tiny  tabs of soap. Sam leans against the door-jamb, looks at t tub, the shower pipe above it. He continues to stare, mor interested suddenly, as if bothered by some off-key evide he can't put his finger on. Then he looks at the shower  curtain rod. And realizes there is no shower curtain. He frowns, is ab to say something when Lila, who has been momentarily out shot, interrupts. Sam turns, CAMERA TURNS, and we see Lila is standing abov the toilet bowl, a tiny piece of wet paper stuck to the t of her right index finger.
103) 6) dialog: It didn't get washed down. It's  figuring... the kind you tear up and  get rid of. (Extending her finger  toward Sam)
103) 8) dialog: That's proof Mary was here!  It would  be too wild a coincidence for somebody  else to...
103) 11) dialog: (Reminded)
103) 15) dialog: Sam, that old woman, whoever she is.  I think she told Arbogast something!  And I want her to tell us the same  thing! She starts out of the bathroom. Sam takes hold of her arm stops her.
103) 17) dialog: Why not?
103) 25) text: Can you find your way back to town? (As Lila nods yes)
103) 26) text: If you do get anything, don't stop  to tell me. Lila nods quickly, hurries to the door. Sam gets to it fi opens it a slight crack, looks out, then opens it wide en for Lila and Himself to pass through.
104) 0) text: ANGLE CLOSE on cabin one as Lila comes out, turns to her  left, goes along porch toward cabin twelve. Sam remains a the door, then turns right, heading for the path. As he p the office, he is shocked to see Norman standing just ins the open door.
104) 7) dialog: CAMERA ANGLES to include Lila and her point of view. She watches Sam disappear into the office, waits until sh hears the door close, then looks about for another way to reach the house. She sees the small alley at the end of t L of cabins, starts toward it.
105) 0) text: Behind the motel Lila hesitates. She looks ahead.
105) 2) text: Lila moves forward.
105) 4) text: Lila glances toward the back of Norman's parlor. She move on.
105) 6) text: Lila looks up at the house. She moves forward purposefull
105) 8) text: Lila stops at the house and looks up. She glances back. She turns to the house again.
106) 0) text: Lila closes the door, remains by it for a moment, quiet,  listening. Her eyes scan the layout, the closed door whic leads off the hallway, to the dining room on the right an the parlor on the left. Down at the end of the hall is th kitchen, the door wide open, the room beyond dim and sile She notices the stairs leading down to the basement, star at them, then back to the stairs leading to the second fl She starts forward, and seems about to investigate the pa and dining room.
108) 0) text: Lila is halfway up the stairs. As she climbs she is start by the creaks and groans of the old wood of the steps. Sh steps more carefully. CAMERA remains at foot of stair, TI UP as Lila climbs. She pauses at the head of the stair. T door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is closed. To her left is another door, half-open. Directly  before her is a third door, closed. She holds a long mome trying to picture in her mind which room would look out o the front of the house, decides, chooses the correct door the one on her right. She goes to it, knocks lightly.
110) 0) text: Lila comes out of the mother's room, closes the door behi her, looks down the stairs, then starts across the hall t the room whose door is half-open. The room within is dark the shades drawn full. Lila pauses on the threshold, reaches in, feels the wall, throws on a switch.
112) 0) text: Lila is standing in the doorway, staring at the room in s dismay. The room is grotesque, a horrible, ludicrous fant of childhood held beyond the point of decency. It is a small room. The walls are fancied with romping  silhouettes of teddy-bears and sailboats and carousels an fat cows jumping over aghast moons. The bed is small, far too short for a man of Norman's height. And yet the rumpl covers indicate that it is in this bed that Norman sleeps Next to the bed is an old-fashioned toy chest. On its top there are a bird-in-a-cage lamp, a plain-bound book, and ash tray filled with ashes and cigarette stubs. A grown m shirt hangs on a child's clothes tree. Against one wall there is a narrow, high bookcase filled  with thick, unchildish-looking books. On the small, white chest of drawers there is an old, child's victrola. The r on the turntable is discovered, on close inspection, to b Beethoven's Eroica Symphony. Lila studies the room, fascinated and repelled. She glanc at the bookcase, comes into the room, goes to the bookcas and pulls out a thick, large, plain-bound book. She opens it. Her eyes go wide in shock. And then there is disgust. She slams the book closed, drops it.
115) 0) text: Lila, shaken and disturbed, almost sickened, is coming ou of Norman's room. She has left the light on. She pauses i the middle of the landing, looks at the closed door oppos the stairs, goes to it, opens it, sees that it is the  bathroom, pulls the door to, turns, starts toward the sta
117) 0) text: Lila is on the top step, looking down toward CAMERA. She is listening, hoping to hear some human sound, some s she might follow, pursue. She hears nothing. She starts d the stairs. Just below the halfway step, she looks at the front door, sees out through the door window:
118) 0) text: For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers t stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction. Th SOUND of Norman bounding up the porch steps can be heard. Lila turns and dashes down the stairs which lead to the  basement, going down far enough to conceal herself, crouc there. Norman enters the hallway, closes the door softly, listen He glances once in the direction of the basement stairs. seems about to smile, when suddenly all expression vanish from his face, and he appears to enter a no-place, no-tim state. He crosses to the stairway, goes up. Lila remains crouched on the basement stairs, listening t the SOUNDS of Norman. His footsteps on the stairs followe by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about upstairs room. Convinced that he is searching the upstair for her, she decides to chance an escape. She starts up t steps, is about to turn into the hallway when her eye is  caught by a glimmer of light down in the basement. She pa looks down, sees the crack of light coming from behind th not entirely closed door to the fruit cellar. The swift m SOUNDS of Norman continue to come from upstairs. Lila is torn, knows she should get out of the house while she has the chance, is unable to resist the impulse to ch that hidden-looking room down below, a room in which, she desperately believes, there must lie some answer to what  happened to Mary. She turns and goes softly and quickly d the stairs.
119) 0) text: Lila reaches the bottom, stops, listens, hears the stairb creaking as footsteps fall hard and measured upon them. S turns, pulls open the fruit cellar door, looks in. The wo is sitting in a comfortable chair, the back of the chair, and the woman, turned to the door. Lila calls a harsh,  frightened whisper.
119) 1) dialog: Mrs. Bates...? Lila goes into the room.
120) 0) text: Lila goes to the chair, touches it. The touch disturbs th figure. It starts to turn, slowly, stiffly, a clock-wise  movement. Lila looks at it in horror. It is the body of a woman long dead. The skin is dry and pulled away from the mouth and the teeth are revealed as in the skeleton's smi The eyes are gone from their sockets, the bridge of the n has collapsed, the hair is dry and wild, the cheeks are  sunken, the leathery-brown skin is powdered and rouged an flaky. The body is dressed in a high-neck, clean, well-pr dress, obviously recently laundered and hand-ironed. The movement of this stuffed, ill-preserved cadaver, turn as if in response to Lila's call and touch, is actually  graceful, ballet-like, and the effect is terrible and obs Lila gazes for one flicker of a deathly moment, then begi to scream, a high, piercing, dreadful scream. And Lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more  dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door beh her.
120) 2) text: Ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Am Norma  Bates! Lila turns.
120) 4) dialog: Close on her face. She is dumb-struck. Her eyes are screa
122) 0) text: Lila is seated in a chair, Sam standing close by. A bit a from them, we see Sheriff Chambers, in quiet conference w the CHIEF OF POLICE, the COUNTY SHERIFF, the DISTRICT  ATTORNEY. The Coffee Boy stands in the doorway. Sam goes to him, ta a container of coffee from the box, carries it to Lila,  checking the notation on the lid as he goes.
122) 4) dialog: (ruefully)
122) 5) text: I could stand something regular. Sam smiles encouragingly, hands her the coffee. Sheriff  Chambers ENTERS SHOT, gives Sam a container of coffee he brought for him. Sam takes it, nods a thank you. For a moment no one speaks. Lila looks badly shaken, Sam  disheveled, but contained.
122) 10) dialog: No. I'm all right. I'll feel better  when all this is explained... if it  can be. Sam looks a question at Sheriff Chambers. Chambers shrugs doubtfully.
122) 12) text: You warm enough, Miss? Lila is about to answer, when she sees someone come into room and rises anxiously. Sam and Sheriff Chambers turn,  follow her gaze.
123) 4) dialog: (With difficulty)
123) 9) dialog: But my sister is...
123) 21) text: He stole her corpse... and a weighted  coffin was buried. He hid the body  in the fruit cellar, even "treated"  it to keep it as well as it would  keep. And that still wasn't enough.  She was there, but she was a corpse.   So he began to think and speak for  her, gave her half his life, so to  speak. At times he could be both  personalities, carry on  conversations... at other times, the  mother-half took over completely. He  was never all Norman, but he was  often only mother. And because he  was so pathologically jealous of  her, he assumed she was as jealous  of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong  attraction to any other woman, the  mother side of him would go wild. (To Lila)
123) 28) text: When the mind houses two  personalities, there is always a  battle. In Norman's case, the battle  is over... and the dominant  personality has won. Lila begins to weep softly, for Mary, for Arbogast, for  Norman, for all the destroyed human beings of this world. Sam bends beside her, puts his arm about her, comforts he