90) 7) text: Come on. He gets out of cab, goes around to help Lila. She is alre out. CAMERA FOLLOWS them up the small path to the front d Sam presses the bell button. Both he and Lila are almost  knocked over by the shocking, clanging, ear-splitting BLA OF THE BELL within the house, a ring which sounds more li a fire alarm than a doorbell. He tries to smile, fails. Lila doesn't even try. The  downstairs hall light goes on and a moment later the door unhesitatingly opened by MRS. CHAMBERS, a small, lively s of a woman wrapped in a thick flannel robe and a corona o hospitality.
90) 8) dialog: Oh?
90) 10) dialog: You didn't! (a cross look up at  the bell)
91) 0) text: Fat roses splatter the wallpaper. The stairs are carpeted The lighting is bright. There is a perfectly fitting wall phone by the parlor arc Mrs. Chambers goes to the stairway, yells up.
91) 1) dialog: Albert! (a tiny wait, a smile  as Sam and Lila enter)
91) 2) text: Al Chambers! Sam is about to close the door behind him. Mrs. Chambers  motions for him not to, scurries across the hall, leans  outside, presses the doorbell. The RING within the house even more shattering. She closes the door, starts to the  stairway, pauses as the SOUNDS of movement above COME OVE SHOT.
91) 3) dialog: Customers! SHERIFF CHAMBERS comes down the stairs, in a bathrobe whi matches his wife's. He is a tall, narrow man with a face  originally destined for Mount Rushmore. He nods at Sam, l at him with wide-awake eyes and a no-nonsense concern.  
91) 5) dialog: (to Lila)
91) 13) dialog: Mary is Lila's sister?
91) 15) dialog: (to the Sheriff)
91) 19) dialog: (a pleasant shock)
91) 54) dialog: (to Sheriff)
91) 59) dialog: Recluse. Kinder word.
91) 64) dialog: (into phone)
91) 70) dialog: Arbogast.
91) 78) text: Sorry I got you up, boy. Go back to  sleep. Yeah, be glad to. (hangs up, turns to  Mrs. Chambers)
91) 87) dialog: Barefaced.
91) 92) dialog: I helped Norman pick out the dress  she was buried in. Periwinkle blue.
91) 94) dialog: Norman found them dead together.  In  bed.
91) 96) dialog: (hopefully, happily)
95) 0) text: An overcast morning, but a sunny-faced crowd. The service just over, there is contentment, and peace, and just a li I-went-to-church-smugness in the faces of the churchgoers they come out of the chapel, and spread their separate wa away. Amongst the crowd, waiting and searching the faces, are S and Lila. In their expressions there is no peace, no  contentment. CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE. They are not speaking Lila looks as if she has had no sleep. Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts tow the church. CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM, stops as they approach Sheriff an Mrs. Chambers. The Sheriff stares rather sympathetically Lila. Mrs. Chambers smiles nicely.
95) 2) dialog: He's already been.
95) 4) dialog: Have you two had breakfast?
95) 16) dialog: It's Sunday. Come over and do the  reporting at the house, 'round dinner  time. Make it nicer. You too, Sam. She smiles brightly, as if having invited them over to di this year's charity fandango, takes the Sheriff's arm, starts away. The Sheriff nods as he goes. Sam and Lila are alone now, at the curb, before the deser chapel. For a long moment they just stand there, their fa as gray and overcast as the sky.