43) 1) dialog: Dirty night.
43) 4) dialog: (simply, almost  cheerfully)
43) 8) dialog: I knew you must have. No one stops  here anymore unless they do. He is behind the counter now, pushing forward the registr book.
43) 9) dialog: But it's no good dwelling on our  losses, is it.  We go right ahead  lighting signs and following the  formalities...  Would you sign,  please. Mary has placed her handbag on the counter. She takes the registration book, picks up the pen, is suddenly struck w the realization that she'd better use an alias. She write the name Marie Samuels.
43) 10) dialog: Your home address. Oh, just the town  will do.
43) 12) text: Los Angeles. She realizes he didn't ask her to tell him, merely to wri it down. She smiles, writes Los Angeles beside the false  name. Norman smiles, stops smiling out of embarrassment.
43) 13) dialog: Cabin One. It's closer in case you  want anything... right next to the  office.
43) 14) dialog: He removes a key for Cabin One. We see that there is a  remaining key on the board.
43) 17) dialog: There's a big diner about ten miles  on up... just outside Fairvale.
43) 19) dialog: Fifteen miles. I'll get your bags. He goes to door, opens it. The rain has slowed down  considerably. He smiles at this fact, as if to communicat some pleasure he finds in it. Mary follows him to the doo goes out on the porch, waits and watches as Norman runs t her car, gets in, drives it to the parking space in front Cabin One. Mary walks along the porch, waits before the d of Cabin One. Norman gets out of car, with suitcase, runs to the door,  opens it, pushes the door open, puts his hand in and swit on a light. Mary goes into the cabin. Norman follows her.
44) 0) text: Norman places suitcase on bed, goes to the window, opens
44) 1) dialog: Stuffy in here. (turns to her)
44) 4) dialog: (quickly, starting to  leave)
44) 7) dialog: Norman Bates. He pauses at the door, gazes at her. She smiles.
44) 8) dialog: You have something most girls never  have.
44) 10) dialog: There's no name for it... But it's  something that, that puts a person  at ease.
44) 12) dialog: (not really a question)
44) 15) dialog: Then will you do me a favor? (without waiting for  her response)
44) 18) dialog: All right, you get your dresses  hanging out and... change those wet  shoes, and I'll come for you soon as  it's ready... (starts out)
46) 0) text: Mary pauses outside the door, is about to start forward w Norman comes round the building and walks along the porch past the office, stopping only when he is close to her. H stares with painful embarrassment at the knowing look in eye.
46) 2) dialog: Mother... (a hollow little laugh,  an attempt at sardonic  humor)
46) 5) text: You shouldn't have bothered. I really  don't have that much of an appetite. Norman flinches, realizing she has heard his mother's  reference to Mary's appetite.
46) 6) dialog: I'm sorry. I wish... people could  apologize for other people.
46) 8) text: But as long as you've made us supper,  we may as well eat it. Huh? She begins to back into her room. Norman starts to follow hesitates as he sees the total picture of an attractive y woman and a motel room. Bringing down the tray of food, i defiance of his mother's orders, is about the limit of hi defiance for one day. He cannot go into Mary's room.
46) 9) dialog: It might be nicer... warmer in the  office. Without waiting for approval or disapproval, he turns, hu to the office. Mary looks after him, her face showing amu sympathy, then follows.
47) 0) text: Norman looks about, tray in hand, sees there is no reason place to spread out a supper. He turns, sees Mary standin in the doorway.
47) 1) dialog: Eating in an office... (a rueful smile)
47) 2) text: ...to officious, even for me. I have  the parlor behind this... if you'd  like. Mary nods. Norman walks on, behind the counter and into t darkened parlor. Mary follows.
48) 0) text: In the darkened room, lit only by the light from the offi spilling in, we see Norman placing the tray on a table. M comes to the doorway, pauses. Norman straightens up, goes lamp, turns on the light. Mary is startled by the room. Even in the dimness of one  lamp, the strange, extraordinary nature of the room rushe up at one. It is a room of birds. Stuffed birds, all over the room, on every available surface, one even clinging t the old fashioned fringed shade of the lamp. The birds ar of many varieties, beautiful, grand, horrible, preying. M stares in awe and a certain fascinated horror.
48) 2) dialog: Please sit down. On the sofa. As Norman goes about spreading out the bread and ham and  pouring the milk, we follow Mary across the room. She stu the birds as she walks, briefly examines a bookcase stack with books on the subject of "Taxidermy."
48) 5) dialog: It's all for you. I'm not hungry.   Please go ahead. Mary begins to eat, her attitude a bit tense. She takes u small slice of ham, bites off a tiny bite, nibbles at it the manner of one disturbed and preoccupied. Norman gazes at her, at the tiny bite she has taken, smil and then laughs.
48) 6) dialog: You eat like a bird.
48) 8) dialog: Not really. I hear that expression,  that one eats "like a bird," is really  a falsie, I mean a falsity, because  birds eat a tremendous lot. (A pause, then  explaining)
48) 11) dialog: Uncommon, too.
48) 13) dialog: It's not as expensive as you'd think.  Cheap, really. Needles, thread,  sawdust .. the chemicals are all  that cost anything. (He goes quiet, looks  disturbed)
48) 15) dialog: It's more than a hobby... sometimes...  a hobby is supposed to pass the time,  not fill it.
48) 18) dialog: Oh, no! (forcing brightness  again)
48) 21) dialog: Friends? Who needs friends. (Laughs, then with  gallows humor)
48) 25) dialog: Where are you going? I don't mean to  pry...
48) 28) dialog: What are you running away from?
48) 31) dialog: No. People never run away from  anything. (A pause)
48) 35) dialog: I was born in mine. I don't mind it  anymore.
48) 37) dialog: Oh I do... but I say I don't. (Laughs boyishly)
48) 40) dialog: (Controlled resentment)
48) 45) dialog: I mean... ill. (A pause)
48) 50) dialog: A son is a poor substitute for a  lover. (Turns away as if in  distaste of the word)
48) 52) dialog: To a private island, like you?
48) 54) dialog: It's too late for me. And besides...  who'd look after her? She'd be alone  up there, the fire would go out...  damp and cold, like a grave. When  you love someone, you don't do that  to them, even if you hate them. Oh,  I don't hate her.  I hate... what  she's become. I hate... the illness.
48) 56) text: Wouldn't it be better if you put her  in... someplace... She hesitates. Norman turns, slowly, looking at her with striking coldness.
48) 57) dialog: An Institution? A madhouse?  People  always call a madhouse "someplace." (Mimicing coldly)
48) 60) dialog: (The coldness turning  to tight fury)
48) 63) dialog: (High fury now)
48) 65) dialog: (Quietly)
48) 71) dialog: (Cheerfully, correcting)
48) 72) text: Thank you, Norman.
48) 74) dialog: You're not going to... to your room  already?
48) 76) dialog: Phoenix?
48) 79) dialog: (Looking at her)
48) 82) dialog: Alright. I'll see you in the morning.  I'll bring you breakfast.  What time  will you...
48) 84) dialog: Alright, Miss... (He has forgotten her  name)
48) 86) dialog: That's it. (He frowns, as if  bothered by not being  able to match the  name to the memory  of the name in the  registration book)
48) 91) dialog: He watches as Mary removes her bra. We see his eye run up and down the unseen figure of Mary.
48) 93) dialog: He turns from the hole, faces us for a moment, continues  turning until he can look out the small parlor window. We see, as he sees...
48) 95) dialog: He turns his face away, quickly, resentfully. In his face see anger and anguish. And then resolve. Quickly, precisely, he rehangs the picture over the hole the wall, turns, starts out of the parlor. We see him go  through the office and out onto the porch, not even bothe to close the door behind him.
49) 0) text: Norman walking along the porch, in the direction of the b house. Once on the path he pauses, looks up at the light the bedroom window, then pulls himself up, squares his  shoulders, strides manfully up the path. CAMERA follows behind him. He opens the door of the house enters. We see him pause at the foot of the stairway, loo up at the bedroom door just at the head of the stair. He  holds for a moment, and then his resolve and courage  evaporates. His shoulders slump, sadly, mournfully. He by passes the stairs and slowly makes his way to the kitchen At the far end of the hall. He enters the kitchen, drops  wearily into a chair. After a moment, he stretches out a and gently pushes the kitchen door closed.
51) 7) text: beside the bed. The CAMERA now moves away over to the win and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we HEAR,  coming from within the house, the SOUND of Norman's fearf shocked voice.
52) 0) text: Norman is coming AT CAMERA, running head-on. He dashes in an extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe i his face. CAMERA PANS as Norman races past, holds as Norm runs to the porch and quickly along it and directly to Ma room.
53) 0) text: Norman pauses a moment in the doorway, glances about the  room, hears the shower going, sees the bathroom door is o He goes to the bathroom, looks in, sees the body. Slowly, almost carefully, he raises his hands to his face covers his eyes, turns his face away. Then he crosses to window, looks out at the house. Shot is so angled that we see the bedside table with the newspaper on it. After a moment, Norman moves from the window, sinks onto edge of the bed.
54) 0) text: Norman comes out of Mary's cabin, closes the door careful behind him, goes along the porch to his office, goes in. stay outside. Immediately, the "Vacancy" sign goes off, a then the motel sign goes off. As CAMERA GOES closer to th office, the lights within go off and we HEAR a closet doo opening and then the SOUND of a pail being picked up. Nor comes out of office, closes door, looks cautiously about, goes along porch, carrying pail with mop in it, goes into Mary's cabin, closing the door after him.
55) 0) text: With the paper in the foreground, Norman enters. We can s him in the dim spill of light. He pauses by the door, the gathers his strength and goes into the bathroom. We HEAR set the pail on the tiled floor, and then we HEAR the sho being turned off. And there is total silence. CAMERA MOVE FORWARD so that we can see into bathroom. CAMERA is ANGLED that we see Norman only from the waist u Quickly and deftly he unhooks the shower curtain, emerges with it into the bedroom. CAMERA PANS down and we see him spread the shower curtain on the bedroom floor, just outs the bathroom door. He spreads the curtain so that one end it comes up against the bathroom threshold and slightly o and onto the tile floor. Again he goes into the bathroom CAMERA TILTS up so that we see only the upper half of Nor He works carefully, with his arms extended away from his  body, slowly pulls the dead body out of the tub, drags it across the tile floor and onto the spread-out shower curt in the bedroom. Having arranged the body, he straightens examines his hands, sees bloodstains on them. He returns the bathroom, goes to the hand-basin.
55) 2) dialog: We see Norman shake his hands free of the water, then tur to the job of cleaning the bathroom. He places the pail in the tub, runs water into it, dips t mop in, swabs the tile floor. With a towel he wipes off t wall over the tub and the edges and sides of the tub and  even the shower curtain rod. Then he takes a second towel and goes over the cleaned areas, carefully drying them.   Finally he rinses and squeezes out the mop, empties the p cleans out the tub, and goes out into the bedroom.
56) 0) text: Norman steps carefully around the unseen body, crosses to the desk, starts going through Mary's handbag, in search her car keys. He suddenly notices them lying on the desk, where he'd thrown them after parking her car. He picks up the keys, crosses the room, goes out.
57) 0) text: We see Norman pauses at the door, check cautiously, then  hurry across the porch and into Mary's car. He circle-tur the car, so that its trunk is backed up to the turns porc directly opposite Mary's door, as close as it can go. Then he alights, goes to the trunk, opens it with the key and, leaving the trunk lid raised, goes back into the cab
58) 0) text: From a raised angle, we see Norman bend down and begin to wrap the shower curtain around the body. We see the edges the curtain as they are raised and laid down again. Then picks up the wrapped body, crosses to the door, uses his  foot to pull the door open, and, leaving the door open be him, goes quickly across the porch and gently lays the bo in the trunk. He closes the lid then, but does not lock i He comes back into the cabin, closes the door completely, flicks on the light. Again the newspaper is in the foreground. For a moment he pauses, closes his eyes against the realization of what h is doing, then quickly pushes all thoughts away, continue with his work. With the room lighted, he now proceeds to  gather up all Mary's articles and toss them into the suit He checks all drawers and the closet, gets down and check under bed and bureau, goes into the bathroom, checks that room again, comes back into the bedroom, looks about  carefully, spots Mary's handbag, throws even that into th suitcase, is finally satisfied that all traces of the gir are gone from the room. Then he closes Mary's suitcase, p it up. With his free hand he picks up the pail, in which are the mop and the used towels. He crosses to the door, switches off the light with his shoulder, pulls open the door, sta out.
59) 0) text: As Norman stands in the doorway, he is suddenly and blind lit by the bright headlights of a passing car. The flash the lights and the SOUND of the SPEEDING CAR are over in flicker of a moment, but it takes a few seconds for Norma to regain his former tense composure. Then he goes to the car trunk, raises it with his foot, throws the suitcase a the pail into it, slams it shut. He pauses a moment, then realizes he has left the bathroom light on in Mary's cabi He returns to cabin. As he enters, his eye is caught by t newspaper on the bedside table. He goes to it, takes the  newspaper, and looks once again into the bathroom. His gl goes right over the toilet bowl. He turns out the lights, crosses the darkened cabin, goes out onto the porch. He reopens the trunk, tosses in the newspaper and closes He goes around and jumps into the car and starts away. We HOLD on the trunk, follow it for a while, then
60) 0) text: The car pulls away from a CLOSE ANGLE on the trunk and as CAMERA HOLDS we see that we are now in a swamp area. It is quiet except for the irritating noises of night ins Norman stops the car at the very edge of the swamp, turns off the lights, gets out, leaving door open. He looks at swamp, seems doubtful of its ability to swallow up the ca realizes he has no choice. He leans into the car, release the emergency brake, starts to push. The front of the car begins to roll into the swamp. Suddenly there is the LOW, THROBBING SOUND of a motor. Norman freezes, listens. The SOUND grows louder and Norman realizes it is an airpl flying overhead. The car is rolling quickly now. Norman j away, slams the door shut, stands tense. The SOUND of the plane overhead grows louder. Norman looks up.
60) 3) dialog: We see the relief in his face. He looks at the car. More than two-thirds of it have already sunk into the swa The trunk alone seems to hold poised above the sand and s as if refusing to go the rest of the way. Norman begins t panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot. slowly the car sinks, until finally it is gone and we hea only the gentle plop of the swamp's final gulp, and see o the small after-bubble, like a visual burp. Norman waits a moment, then begins stamping out the tire  marks, so obvious in the wet ground around the swamp. He stamps and drags his feet over the markings as we:
60) 5) text: standing on the porch of the motel, leaning against a pos He is staring out into the night, a look of guarded, casu innocence on his face, as if he were taking one last mome of peaceful night air before retiring. Then he glances do and CAMERA follows his gaze. A hose is lying on the groun outside Mary's cabin, its stream of water obliterating th tire marks. After a moment, Norman's hand comes into shot, picks up h places it in a new position. As CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see that the water from the hose has erased and rearranged th road markings so that it would be impossible to tell that car had been parked here. After a short wait, Norman goes to the hose-faucet, turns off, unscrews the hose. As he rolls the hose, he walks aw from the spot, past the office, heading for the path that leads to the house. He goes up the path, pauses at the st of the house, tosses the curled hose onto the lawn, goes the steps and into the house. CAMERA FOLLOWS him in, PAUS as he pauses at the foot of the stairs. Norman goes up th stairs. On the landing he stops. The door to his mother's room is closed. Lying in a heap outside the door are a blood-stai dress and a pair of elderly-woman's shoes. From an EXTREM HIGH ANGLE, we look down on Norman as he bends to pick up the stained dress and shoes. He rolls the shoes into the dress, tucks the small, neat  bundle under his arm, and starts down the stairs, heading for the basement.
68) 0) text: The white car speeding along the freeway again going in t opposite direction to last time. Norman, a tiny figure, i seen going up the steps to his mother's house.
73) 0) text: We now see Norman. He has brought out an old rocking chai and has placed it on the office porch and is sitting hunc in it. And he is darning one of his own socks. CAMERA HOL Beyond the porch, and Norman, we see the old house and ca barely make out, in the twilight dimness, the figure of h mother seated at the window. Here, too, there is that qua of quiet peace surrounded by a vague foreboding. Now Norman looks up at the SOUND of the approaching car. And continues looking as the car comes to a stop and Arbo gets out. Arbogast gives the place a quick once-over, gaz at Norman, starts forward. In his steps and manner there that bored, routine-logged quality of a man who has seen many motels and asked question of too many hotel managers over too short a period of time. Norman rises as Arbogast comes forward.
73) 1) dialog: (shoving sock in his  pocket)
73) 6) dialog: I don't really forget the sign, it  just doesn't seem... any use. (Points)
73) 10) dialog: No trouble. Today's linen day. I  change all the beds once a week,  whether they've been used or not...  dampness. I hate the smell of  dampness. (Opening office door)
73) 11) text: It's such a dank smell. Norman is holding the door open, so Arbogast walks in. Norman follows.
74) 0) text: Norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the lin closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies Arbogast, who has remained standing by the door.
74) 1) dialog: You out to buy a motel?
74) 3) dialog: Oh. I thought... you said you'd been  to so many in two days...  What was  it you wanted to ask?
74) 5) text: My name's Arbogast, private  investigator... (takes back wallet  when Norman doesn't  look at it)
74) 6) text: Trying to trace a young girl who's  been missing almost a week. From  Phoenix. (A look at Norman's  frightened expression)
74) 9) dialog: (forcing a smile)
74) 12) dialog: Oh. He waits a moment, then opens closet, starts counting out sheets and pillow cases, keeps his back to Arbogast. Arbogast takes a photograph out of his pocket, talks as h crosses to Norman.
74) 15) dialog: No. No one has stopped here in  weeks...
74) 17) dialog: Committing myself to what? You sure  talk like a Policeman.
74) 19) dialog: No. At least I don't recall.
74) 21) dialog: (interrupting)
74) 24) dialog: The vacancy sign. Just in case. We had a couple the other night, said if the sign hasn't  been on they'd have thought this was an old deserted mini town or something.
74) 26) dialog: What?
74) 29) text: Maybe she even signed the register...  because habits die hard. Let's check  it, huh? Norman says nothing. Arbogast goes to the desk, pulls the registry book around, flips back a page or two. Norman simply stares at the man. Arbogast hums faintly,  pleasantly, as he examines the pages. Then:
74) 33) dialog: I didn't lie to you. I just have  trouble keeping track of... time. Arbogast has reached him, the picture extended. Norman lo dutifully at it.
74) 34) dialog: It was raining and her hair didn't  look like that... damped out, I guess.
74) 36) dialog: She arrived kind of late, wet and  hungry and she was very tired and  went right to bed and left early.
74) 38) dialog: Very early. Dawn.
74) 40) dialog: The following morning. Sunday.
74) 42) dialog: No.
74) 44) dialog: No.
74) 46) dialog: No.
74) 48) dialog: No! Of all...
74) 50) dialog: She was tired. She said she had a  long drive ahead of her, in the  morning... Yes, now I'm remembering  very clearly because I'm picturing.  When you make a picture of the moment  in your mind, you can remember every  detail. She was sitting back there,  no she was standing up, with some  sandwich still in her hand, and she  said she had to drive a long way.
74) 52) dialog: What do you mean?
74) 54) dialog: Oh. My private parlor. She had an  awful hunger... so I made her some  supper. And then she went to bed and  left in the morning. I didn't even  see her leave.
74) 56) dialog: What?
74) 58) dialog: Cash.
74) 60) dialog: Why should she? I'm sorry, I have  work to do, Mr... if you don't mind...
74) 63) dialog: I don't know what you expect me to  know about... people come and go...
74) 65) dialog: Not at all!
74) 67) dialog: (as if pleasantly  exasperated)
75) 0) text: Norman walks down the porch, hesitates before Cabin One,  walks on a bit toward Cabin Two, stops, turns to see if  Arbogast is following. Arbogast has come out onto the por but is not following. He has walked to the opposite end o the porch and is standing at its edge, looking up at the house. The upstairs window is in darkness. The neon of th Vacancy and Motel signs splash strange light over the sce
75) 1) dialog: Change your mind? Arbogast does not reply. Norman becomes apprehensive, sta to Arbogast, forcing himself to remain calm and cheerful.
75) 2) dialog: I guess I've got one of those faces  you can't help believing.
75) 5) dialog: I live there. Alone.
75) 7) dialog: My mother. Arbogast turns, gazes seriously at him.
75) 8) dialog: She's... ill. Confined to her room.  It's practically living alone.
75) 11) dialog: Of course not.
75) 13) dialog: Now, look...!
75) 15) dialog: I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable  of being fooled! Not even by women!
75) 17) dialog: (disturbed now)
75) 22) dialog: No. I told you, she's confined...
75) 25) dialog: No! Just no!  I have one of those  breaking points like any other man,  believe it or not, and I'm near it. There's just so much pushing I can  take and I think...
78) 0) text: A distant view of the House and Motel. There is a light o in the house. There is also a light on in Norman's office We see Norman emerge from his office and move along the p toward the distant cabins. He carries sheets on his arm. goes into the last cabin and switches the light on. Into foreground the hood of the white Ford enters the scene an stops. Arbogast gets out. He goes over to the Motel offic
86) 0) text: Tall and lonely still against the moonlight, the figure o Norman, silhouetted. He doesn't move, merely stands there the edge of the swamp, staring down at the now calm and q face of it.
87) 0) text: All light are out, except the light in Norman's mother's  room. And her figure can be seen sitting in the window,  relaxed in a high-back chair, her face turned into the ro After a second, we hear the SOUND OF A MOTOR, and then Sa small pick-up truck swings into the driveway. Sam stops the motor, automatically switches off headlight pauses as he observes the silence and darkness of the are Then he hops out of the cab, goes quickly to the office,  knocks on the door. As he waits for a response, he looks  down the long porch, studies the darkened cabins, knocks  again, louder, looks in the other direction and sees the  house and the figure at the one lit window. He stares a m then calls loudly:
88) 0) text: The silhouette of Norman. He is still. Over shot, very di comes the SOUND OF SAM'S VOICE, calling again for Arbogas Norman turns slowly until, in silhouette, we see his prof his chin lowered furtively as he looks over his shoulder the direction of the house. There is silence for a moment and then again the SOUND of Sam POUNDING at the door.
91) 20) text: Norman took a wife?
91) 52) text: I think he got himself a hot lead as  to where your sister was going...  probably from Norman Bates...  and  called you to keep you still while  he took off after her and the money.
91) 55) text: Why don't you call Norman and let  him say just what happened, if he  give the man a hot lead and he did  just scooted off... it'll make the  girl feel better, Albert.
91) 67) text: Norman? Sheriff Chambers. (listens)
91) 74) text: No, it's okay, Norman. How's it been  going out there? (listens)
91) 91) text: Norman Bates' mother has been dead  and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for  the last ten years! There is a long silence. Sam and Lila stare at the Sherif
92) 0) text: Norman sits in the dim, one-lamp light, the phone next to him, his hand still near it as if he had not been able to move his hand after hanging up. He is staring at the shri like bird which is perched on the lamp shade. Decision an resolution are beginning to show in his face. Suddenly he rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch of the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knoc the bird off the shade. He watches it fall, does not try to catch it. It hits the floor with a thud and sawdust spills out. He stares sadly it, for a moment, then tends down, scoops up the sawdust, tries to press it into the split seam, picks up the bird, puts it in a drawer. Then he puts out the lamp, goes out, crosses the darkened office and goes outside.
93) 0) text: Norman comes off the porch, walks to the path and directl up to the house, opens the door and goes in.
94) 14) text: Norman! What do you think you're  going to do? Don't you touch me! Don't! Norman! (A pause, then  cajolingly)
97) 0) text: CLOSE ANGLE on Norman standing by the window. He has pull the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who standing by the truck and looking up at the house.  Norma studies her, and as her eyes look up at this very window closes the curtains, turns away. We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of p and his struggle to contain it. Then he goes away. CAMERA remains on window, shooting out and down, and through the frail curtains we can see Sam as he comes out of the mote office and joins Lila.
98) 2) text: I wonder where Norman Bates does his  hermiting?
98) 7) dialog: (Coming forward)
99) 0) text: Norman crosses to the desk, goes behind it, takes the key cabin number twelve off the keyboard. Sam and Lila have  entered and are almost to the desk-counter by this time.
99) 1) dialog: I'll take you to...
99) 3) dialog: It isn't necessary.
99) 5) text: Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this  trip... ninety percent business...  and he wants practically notarized  receipts. I better sign in and get a  receipt. Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, cal him "liar." Instead he reaches under the desk counter, br out the registration book. Lila moves closer, studies the book as Sam signs in. Sam signs "Joe and Mrs. Johnson." signature and city of "Marie Samuels" and after it, the  notation "Cabin One," can be clearly seen three registrat above Sam's. When Sam has finished he closes book, hands it back to No Norman does not take it, starts out from behind counter.
99) 6) dialog: I'll get your bags.
99) 8) dialog: (after a stare)
99) 9) text: I'll show you the cabin. As he starts for the door, Sam laughs. Norman stops, turn looks at him.
99) 12) dialog: Ten dollars... Norman returns to Sam, takes the extended bill, is about start out again.
100) 0) text: Lila comes along the porch, pauses before cabin one, trie the door. It opens. She closes it quickly as she hears Sa and Norman coming out of the motel office, continues on d the porch.
100) 2) text: Don't bother yourself... we'll find  it. He goes on down the porch, doesn't even glance at cabin o walks quickly and catches up to Lila just as she reaches  cabin twelve. CAMERA REMAINS with Norman, who is standing the office door, looking after Sam and Lila, his face ale and no longer impassive. He waits a moment, after they ha closed their cabin door, then crosses to the pickup truck CAMERA MOVES with him. He studies the truck, then leans i through the driver's window, twists the registration card around, reads it. It gives the correct name and address of Sam Loomis. Norman comes back out of the window, glances once more to cabin twelve, then at the old house. His suspicions are  confirmed, and now there is the relaxation of relief in h face. He takes on a purposeful air, turns, strides up the path, up onto the porch of the house, opens the door, goe in.
104) 0) text: ANGLE CLOSE on cabin one as Lila comes out, turns to her  left, goes along porch toward cabin twelve. Sam remains a the door, then turns right, heading for the path. As he p the office, he is shocked to see Norman standing just ins the open door.
104) 1) dialog: Looking for me?
104) 5) dialog: Satisfied with your cabin?
105) 4) text: Lila glances toward the back of Norman's parlor. She move on.
107) 0) text: Norman is behind the counter, standing, staring at Sam wh is sitting relaxedly on a small sofa. Norman has the look one who is protecting himself, as if the counter were a  protective wall against the threatening world across it.
107) 3) dialog: Yes.
107) 5) text: You are alone here, aren't you? (As Norman does not  reply)
107) 7) dialog: That would be a rather extreme  reaction, wouldn't it?
111) 2) dialog: (Angrily)
111) 5) dialog: My mother is not dead!
112) 0) text: Lila is standing in the doorway, staring at the room in s dismay. The room is grotesque, a horrible, ludicrous fant of childhood held beyond the point of decency. It is a small room. The walls are fancied with romping  silhouettes of teddy-bears and sailboats and carousels an fat cows jumping over aghast moons. The bed is small, far too short for a man of Norman's height. And yet the rumpl covers indicate that it is in this bed that Norman sleeps Next to the bed is an old-fashioned toy chest. On its top there are a bird-in-a-cage lamp, a plain-bound book, and ash tray filled with ashes and cigarette stubs. A grown m shirt hangs on a child's clothes tree. Against one wall there is a narrow, high bookcase filled  with thick, unchildish-looking books. On the small, white chest of drawers there is an old, child's victrola. The r on the turntable is discovered, on close inspection, to b Beethoven's Eroica Symphony. Lila studies the room, fascinated and repelled. She glanc at the bookcase, comes into the room, goes to the bookcas and pulls out a thick, large, plain-bound book. She opens it. Her eyes go wide in shock. And then there is disgust. She slams the book closed, drops it.
113) 0) text: Norman, behind the counter, has moved back against the wa Sam is still on the other side of the counter, but is lea forward, his eyes hard on Norman's face. Norman's face is no longer expressionless. It has the sta high sheen of a cornered animal.
113) 3) dialog: I don't know what you've been saying.
113) 5) dialog: Do what?
113) 7) dialog: Shut up!
113) 9) dialog: Leave me alone!
113) 11) dialog: Leave me alone! He is close to panic now. He turns, swiftly, dashes back  into his private parlor. Sam goes quickly around the coun follows.
114) 0) text: Norman hears Sam following, wants to run, to never be rea by this man. He crosses the small room, drawn to the rear window, as if he might fly through it. Sam enters, pauses Norman turns, back against the window, as unable to fly a as are the many still, stuffed birds. Sam registers a bri flicker of reaction when he sees the birds, but continues gaze at Norman, hard.
114) 2) dialog: Where's that girl? The girl you came  with! Where is she? Sam does not respond, smiles a half-smile, turns to exami a stuffed owl. Norman looks back at the house.
114) 3) dialog: (A horrible groan)
115) 0) text: Lila, shaken and disturbed, almost sickened, is coming ou of Norman's room. She has left the light on. She pauses i the middle of the landing, looks at the closed door oppos the stairs, goes to it, opens it, sees that it is the  bathroom, pulls the door to, turns, starts toward the sta
116) 0) text: Sam is lying on the floor, face downward, unmoving. A  candlestick is on the floor, close by his head, still roc as if just dropped. OVER SHOT comes the SOUND of Norman's footsteps and CAMERA TURNS in time to catch a brief glimp of him going out into the office, almost at a run.
118) 0) text: For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers t stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction. Th SOUND of Norman bounding up the porch steps can be heard. Lila turns and dashes down the stairs which lead to the  basement, going down far enough to conceal herself, crouc there. Norman enters the hallway, closes the door softly, listen He glances once in the direction of the basement stairs. seems about to smile, when suddenly all expression vanish from his face, and he appears to enter a no-place, no-tim state. He crosses to the stairway, goes up. Lila remains crouched on the basement stairs, listening t the SOUNDS of Norman. His footsteps on the stairs followe by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about upstairs room. Convinced that he is searching the upstair for her, she decides to chance an escape. She starts up t steps, is about to turn into the hallway when her eye is  caught by a glimmer of light down in the basement. She pa looks down, sees the crack of light coming from behind th not entirely closed door to the fruit cellar. The swift m SOUNDS of Norman continue to come from upstairs. Lila is torn, knows she should get out of the house while she has the chance, is unable to resist the impulse to ch that hidden-looking room down below, a room in which, she desperately believes, there must lie some answer to what  happened to Mary. She turns and goes softly and quickly d the stairs.
120) 3) dialog: His face is contorted. He wears a wild wig, a mockery of woman's hair. He is dressed in a high-neck dress which is similar to that worn by the corpse of his mother. His han is raised high, poised to strike at Lila. There is a long breadknife in it.
123) 19) text: To understand it, as I understood it  hearing it from the mother...  That  is, from the mother-half of Norman's  mind, you have to go back ten years...  to the time when Norman murdered his  mother and her lover. (A pause, then as no  one interrupts)
123) 20) text: He was already dangerously disturbed,  had been ever since his father died.  His mother was a clinging, demanding  woman... and for years the two of  them lived as if there was no one  else in the world. Then she met a  man and it seemed to Norman she "threw  him over" for this man. That pushed  him over the thin line... and he  killed them both. Matricide is  probably the most unbearable crime  of all... and most unbearable to the  son who commit it. So he had to erase  the crime, at least in his own mind. (A pause)
123) 21) text: He stole her corpse... and a weighted  coffin was buried. He hid the body  in the fruit cellar, even "treated"  it to keep it as well as it would  keep. And that still wasn't enough.  She was there, but she was a corpse.   So he began to think and speak for  her, gave her half his life, so to  speak. At times he could be both  personalities, carry on  conversations... at other times, the  mother-half took over completely. He  was never all Norman, but he was  often only mother. And because he  was so pathologically jealous of  her, he assumed she was as jealous  of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong  attraction to any other woman, the  mother side of him would go wild. (To Lila)
123) 22) text: When Norman met your sister, he was  touched by her... and aroused by  her. He wanted her. And this set off  his "jealous mother" and...  "mother  killed the girl." After the murder,  Norman returned as if from a deep  sleep... and like a dutiful son,  covered up all traces of the crime  he was convinced his mother had  committed.
123) 27) text: That's what I meant when I said I  got the story from the mother. She  thinks Norman has been taken away...  because of his crimes.  She insists  she did nothing, that Norman committed  all the murders just to keep her  from being discovered. She even smiled  a bit coquettishly as she said that.  Of course, she feels badly about  it... but also somewhat relieved to  be, as she put it, free of Norman,  at last. (A pause)
123) 28) text: When the mind houses two  personalities, there is always a  battle. In Norman's case, the battle  is over... and the dominant  personality has won. Lila begins to weep softly, for Mary, for Arbogast, for  Norman, for all the destroyed human beings of this world. Sam bends beside her, puts his arm about her, comforts he
125) 0) text: The walls are white and plain. There is no window. There is no furniture except the straight-back chair in w Norman sits, in the center of the room. The room has a qu of no-whereness, of calm separation from the world. The Police Guard has placed the blanket on Norman's knees Norman, as we come upon him, is lifting the blanket, unfo it. His face, although without makeup and without the  surrounding softness of the wig, has a certain femininity about it, a softness about the mouth and a kind of arch  womanliness about the brows. Calmly, Norman places the blanket about his shoulders, as it were a cashmere shawl. CAMERA REMAINS in a position so that our view of Norman is a FULL ONE. When the shawl is position, and Norman is settled, we HEAR, OVER SHOT, the  voice of his mother, coming from the calm of his thoughts
125) 3) text: Well, they know I can't even move a  finger. And I won't. I'll just sit  here and be quiet. Just in case they  do... suspect me. A fly buzzes close, and then continues buzzing and flying about Norman's face.
125) 5) text: I'm not going to swat that fly. I  hope they are watching. They'll see...  they'll see... and they'll know...  and they'll say... 'why, she wouldn't  even harm a fly...' Norman continues to gaze ahead into nothing.