2) 0) text: A small room, a slow fan buzzing on a shelf above the nar bed. A card of hotel rules is pasted on the mirror above bureau. An unopened suitcase and a woman's large, straw o top handbag are on the bureau. On the table beside the bed there are a container of Coco Cola and an unwrapped, untouched egg-salad sandwich. Ther is no radio. The man standing by the bed, wearing only trousers, T-shi and sox, is SAM LOOMIS, a good-looking, sensual shirt man with warm humorous eyes and a compelling smile. He is blo his neck and face with a thin towel, and is staring down Mary, a small sweet smile playing about his mouth. Mary k her face turned away from him. After a moment, Sam drops the towel, sits on the bed, lea over and takes Mary into his arms, kisses her long and wa holds her with a firm possessiveness. The kiss is disturb and finally interrupted by the buzzing closeness of an  inconsiderate fly. Sam smiles, pulls away enough to allow Mary to relax again against the pillow. He studies her, f at her unresponsiveness, then speaks in a low, intimate,  playful voice.
2) 1) dialog: Never did eat your lunch, did you. Mary looks at his smile, has to respond, pulls him to her kisses him. Then, and without breaking the kiss, she swin her legs over the side of the bed, toe-searches around, f her shoes, slips her feet into searches them. And finally pulls away and sits up.
2) 3) dialog: Call your boss and tell him you're  taking the rest of the afternoon  off. It's Friday anyway... and hot.
2) 6) dialog: (meaningfully)
2) 9) text: Sam, I hate having to be with you in  a place like this.
2) 10) dialog: I've heard of married couples who  deliberately spend occasional nights  in cheap hotels. They say it...
2) 13) dialog: You sure talk like a girl who's been  married.
2) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, Mary. (after a moment)
2) 18) dialog: (observing)
2) 21) text: Sam. This is the last time.
2) 22) dialog: For what?
2) 24) dialog: Okay. What do we do instead, write  each other lurid love letters?
2) 27) dialog: And I'm a working man! We're a regular  working-class tragedy! (he laughs)
2) 29) dialog: (interrupting,  seriously)
2) 32) dialog: Sure. It's like laughing through a  broken jaw, but... He breaks off, his cheeriness dissolved, goes to the wind tries to raise the shade. It sticks. He pulls at it. It comes down entirely, and the hot sun glares into the r revealing it in all its shabbiness and sordidness as if  corroborating Mary's words and attitude. Sam kicks at the fallen shade, laughs in frustration, grabs on to his humo again.
2) 33) dialog: And besides, when you say I make tax- deductible excuses you make me out a  criminal.
2) 36) dialog: I wish I were. Not an active criminal  but... a nice guy with the conscience  of a criminal. (goes close to mary,  touches her)
2) 39) text: I have to go, Sam.
2) 40) dialog: I can come down next week.
2) 42) dialog: Not even just to see you, to have  lunch... in public?
2) 44) dialog: And after the steak... do we send  Sister to the movies and turn Mama's  picture to the wall?
2) 46) dialog: (after a pause, simply)
2) 47) text: All right. She stares at him, surprised at his willingness to contin the affair on her terms, as girls are so often surprised  when they discover men will continue to want them even af the sexual bait has been pulled in. Sam smiles reassuring places his hands gently on her arms, speaks with gentle a simple sincerity.
2) 48) dialog: Mary, whenever it's possible, tax- deductible or not, I want to see  deductible you. And under any  conditions. (a smile)
2) 51) dialog: (brightly)
2) 54) dialog: I'm fed up with sweating for people  who aren't there. I sweat to pay off  my father's debts... and he's in his  grave... I sweat to pay my ex-wife  alimony, and she's living on the  other side of the world somewhere.
2) 57) dialog: A couple of years and the debts will  be paid off. And if she ever re- marries, the alimony stops... and  then...
2) 59) dialog: Yeah, but when you do... you'll swing.
2) 61) text: Sam, let's go get married.
2) 62) dialog: And live with me in a storeroom behind  a hardware store in Fairvale. We'll  have a lot of laughs. When I send my  ex-wife her money, you can lick the  stamps.
2) 65) dialog: You know what I'd like? A clear,  empty sky... and a plane, and us in  it... and somewhere a private island  for sale, where we can run around  without our... shoes on.  And the  wherewithal to buy what I'd like. (he moves away,  suddenly serious)
2) 68) dialog: (a cheerful shout)
2) 72) dialog: Hey, we can leave together can't we?
2) 74) text: I'm late... and you have to put your  shoes on. Mary goes out quickly, closing door behind her. As Sam st down at his shoeless feet,
61) 0) text: Sam is seated at his desk, writing a letter. Sequence begins with CAMERA IN CLOSE, over Sam's shoulder, and we read as mush as he has written of the letter. The letterh reads "Sam Loomis - Hardware," and the letter reads: "Dea right-as-always Mary: I'm sitting in this tiny back room  which isn't big enough for both of us, and suddenly it lo big enough for both of us. So what if we're poor and cram and miserable, at least we'll be happy! If you haven't co to your senses, and still want to... CAMERA begins PULLING AWAY as Sam turns the sheet of pape over, continues backing away out of the small back room a heads, backwards, down the corridor, we see a young clerk BOB SUMMERFIELD, Sam's assistant, standing behind the cou a look of handsome patience on his face. He is waiting on meticulous, elderly woman customer, who is holding and  examining a large can of insecticide. As CAMERA PASSES:
61) 6) text: Sam! Lady wants to see you! Lila looks to the back room. The woman customer goes on  worriedly examining the fine print of the insecticide can Sam comes to the door of his room, pauses, looks at Lila moment, starts toward her, his expression indicating that does not know her. Lila studies him with a quiet, worried expression.
61) 7) dialog: Yes?
61) 9) dialog: (a bit mystified)
61) 10) text: Sure... Lila glances at the customer and the clerk, turns, starts toward the front of the store. Sam holds a moment, then  follows. As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying intently as she says:
61) 12) dialog: Lila.
61) 14) text: Is Mary here? Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hosti expression on Lila's face. He studies her for a quiet mom Behind them is a display of various size carving knives.
61) 15) dialog: Is something wrong?
61) 17) dialog: Here?
61) 19) dialog: Where?
61) 21) dialog: What's the matter?
61) 24) dialog: What should I know?
61) 26) dialog: No. I take it you don't either? (As Lila shakes her  head)
61) 29) dialog: And you thought she'd come up here,  to me? If she had, what reason would  she have for not calling you?
61) 31) dialog: (Slightly exasperated)
61) 34) dialog: I was getting to that!
61) 36) dialog: Nothing! You're putting me on the  defensive.
61) 38) dialog: Bob? Run out and get yourself some  lunch.
61) 40) dialog: Run out and eat it. Bob gets the message, goes out through the back way. Sam goes closer to Lila, speaks with soft seriousness.
61) 41) dialog: What thing?
61) 43) dialog: What thing could we be in together?
61) 46) dialog: Is Mary... in trouble?
61) 48) dialog: Well why didn't she come to me...   call me...?
61) 51) dialog: (Seriously)
61) 52) text: Never mind my ego. Let's talk about  Mary. Their attention is distracted by a man who has strolled  quietly into the room. He ignores them, walks past them,  goes behind the counter, takes down a sign reading "CLOSE FOR LUNCH," walks back to the door, closes door, hangs th sign across the door window, locks the door, turns to Sam and Lila, folds his arms, smiles a particularly unfriendl smile.
61) 54) dialog: Who are you, friend?
61) 59) dialog: What's your interest?
61) 61) dialog: Somebody better tell me what's going  on and tell me fast! I can take so  much and then...
61) 63) text: Your girl friend stole forty thousand  dollars. Sam looks at Arbogast in utter shock and in that state as one of those seemingly ridiculous questions.
61) 64) dialog: Why?
61) 67) dialog: What are you talking about? (To Lila)
61) 71) text: Someone has seen her. Someone always  sees a girl with forty thousand  dollars. (To Sam)
61) 77) dialog: She isn't! A real look of anguish comes into Lila's face. And Arboga studies it, then speaks.
61) 84) dialog: Did you check in Phoenix...  hospitals... maybe she had an  accident... a hold-up...
61) 86) dialog: (after a moment)
61) 91) dialog: You might have doubted for say five  minutes or so, Sister. Lila turns from Sam, a flush of guilt and regret in her f Arbogast looks at her, quiet sympathetically.
61) 95) dialog: It was her boss' idea not to report  it to the police?
61) 97) dialog: He must have had a darn good reason  for wanting them kept out of it...   All that cash...
61) 99) dialog: No.
61) 101) dialog: How could I go away? I'm in debt up  to my... (Smiles at the  incongruity of his  reply, then goes  serious)
61) 104) dialog: I didn't see her... and I didn't  hear from her! Believe that!
61) 106) dialog: You've led a charmed life.
61) 108) dialog: Maybe we can handle it together. (He smiles  encouragingly)
61) 111) dialog: (A thoughtful pause)
61) 115) dialog: She'll need both of us.
61) 118) dialog: (brightly)
77) 13) text: All right. And Lila... You'll be  happy to know what I think. I think  our friend Sam Loomis didn't even  know Mary was here. (smiles)
84) 0) text: Lila is sitting close by the phone, and looks as if she h moved from it in the last hour. Sam is pacing, occasional stopping at the window, glancing out, pacing again. The a tray close to Lila is filled. There is a thick atmosphere of smoke, tension and wearine in the small, otherwise cozy room.
84) 1) dialog: (at window, quietly)
84) 4) text: Sam. He said an hour. Or less.
84) 5) dialog: It's been three.
84) 7) dialog: (suddenly cheerful)
84) 10) dialog: Hundreds! Which one is your pet?
84) 12) dialog: I feel better when you feel better.
84) 15) dialog: You want to run out there, bust in  on Arbogast and the sick old lady,  shake her up and maybe spoil  everything Arbogast's been building  for the last three hours.
84) 17) dialog: That wouldn't be a wise thing to do.
84) 19) dialog: Arbogast said...
84) 21) dialog: (into phone)
84) 24) dialog: And maybe pass Arbogast on the road? (into phone)
84) 26) dialog: (to Lila)
84) 29) dialog: (hangs up and picks  up his jacket)
85) 1) dialog: Stay here.
85) 3) dialog: (looks at her)
85) 8) dialog: (a warm smile)
85) 9) text: Contemplate your... panic button. He hurries down to the street door and out. CAMERA HOLDS Lila as she stares after Sam. As she stands alone in the  darkened store, all the hardware seems to take on siniste shapes. C.U. Among some bathroom fittings a nozzle from a shower falls onto the floor.
87) 0) text: All light are out, except the light in Norman's mother's  room. And her figure can be seen sitting in the window,  relaxed in a high-back chair, her face turned into the ro After a second, we hear the SOUND OF A MOTOR, and then Sa small pick-up truck swings into the driveway. Sam stops the motor, automatically switches off headlight pauses as he observes the silence and darkness of the are Then he hops out of the cab, goes quickly to the office,  knocks on the door. As he waits for a response, he looks  down the long porch, studies the darkened cabins, knocks  again, louder, looks in the other direction and sees the  house and the figure at the one lit window. He stares a m then calls loudly:
87) 1) dialog: Arbogast?
88) 0) text: The silhouette of Norman. He is still. Over shot, very di comes the SOUND OF SAM'S VOICE, calling again for Arbogas Norman turns slowly until, in silhouette, we see his prof his chin lowered furtively as he looks over his shoulder the direction of the house. There is silence for a moment and then again the SOUND of Sam POUNDING at the door.
89) 1) text: From her viewpoint we see Sam alighting from his truck an coming toward the door of the store. He enters. He and Li exchange quiet glances.
89) 2) dialog: He didn't come back here?
89) 4) text: Sam.
89) 5) dialog: No Arbogast. No Bates. And only the  old lady at home... (frowning)
89) 8) dialog: Maybe he got some definite lead. Maybe he went right on...
89) 10) dialog: In a hurry.
89) 12) dialog: (interrupting)
89) 13) text: Yes. I think he would have. Lila goes quiet. Sam starts toward the back room, pauses the doorway, turns. Lila has remained by the door, lookin out at the street. She feels his pause, turns, and for a  moment they share at each other across the darkened room.
89) 14) dialog: Let's go see Al Chambers.
89) 16) dialog: He's the Deputy Sheriff around here. As he starts forward.
90) 0) text: A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat hous dim in the moonlight. Sam's pick-up truck comes down the  street, pulls up before the house of Sheriff Chambers. CA MOVES IN on Sam and Lila as they remain for a moment in t truck's cab, staring quietly at the sleeping house.
90) 1) dialog: Our Deputy sleeps.
90) 3) dialog: Nothing.  Just... all the lights  out... must be asleep.
90) 6) dialog: No. I'm just procrastinating.  People  hate when the doorbell rings in the  middle of the night. (gives up, starts out)
90) 7) text: Come on. He gets out of cab, goes around to help Lila. She is alre out. CAMERA FOLLOWS them up the small path to the front d Sam presses the bell button. Both he and Lila are almost  knocked over by the shocking, clanging, ear-splitting BLA OF THE BELL within the house, a ring which sounds more li a fire alarm than a doorbell. He tries to smile, fails. Lila doesn't even try. The  downstairs hall light goes on and a moment later the door unhesitatingly opened by MRS. CHAMBERS, a small, lively s of a woman wrapped in a thick flannel robe and a corona o hospitality.
90) 9) dialog: Sorry, Mrs. Chambers. I hate bothering  you...
90) 12) text: Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if  anyone rings it in the middle of the  night. (to Sam)
91) 2) text: Al Chambers! Sam is about to close the door behind him. Mrs. Chambers  motions for him not to, scurries across the hall, leans  outside, presses the doorbell. The RING within the house even more shattering. She closes the door, starts to the  stairway, pauses as the SOUNDS of movement above COME OVE SHOT.
91) 4) dialog: We have a problem.
91) 8) dialog: I don't know where to start... (a look at Lila)
91) 11) dialog: (to Sheriff)
91) 14) dialog: Yes. He traced her to that motel,  out on the old highway...
91) 17) text: He has a mind like a mechanical brain  and the more information you feed  it... Go on, Sam.
91) 18) dialog: He traced her there and called us to  say he was going to question Mrs.  Bates...
91) 21) dialog: No. An old woman, his mother. (to Sheriff, quickly)
91) 29) dialog: They thought she'd be coming to me.
91) 34) dialog: Yes.
91) 41) dialog: (interrupting)
91) 57) dialog: He was out when I was there. If he's  back he probably isn't even in bed  yet.
91) 62) dialog: I've only been here five. Right now  it feels like ten, but...
91) 80) dialog: (faint irony)
91) 91) text: Norman Bates' mother has been dead  and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for  the last ten years! There is a long silence. Sam and Lila stare at the Sherif
91) 95) dialog: You mean that old woman I saw sittin'  in the window wasn't Norman Bates'  mother?
91) 98) dialog: I'd know the difference between Mary  and an old woman.
91) 100) dialog: Yes! In the house behind the motel.  I pounded and called but she... just  ignored me.
94) 15) text: All right, son, put me down and I'll  go. I'll go on my own two feet. I  can go on my own two feet, can't I? During all this the CAMERA has been slowly creeping up th stairs. It does not stop at the top however, but continue on the same high angle that we had in Scene 57. She starts to laugh, a terrible sound like an obscene mel
95) 0) text: An overcast morning, but a sunny-faced crowd. The service just over, there is contentment, and peace, and just a li I-went-to-church-smugness in the faces of the churchgoers they come out of the chapel, and spread their separate wa away. Amongst the crowd, waiting and searching the faces, are S and Lila. In their expressions there is no peace, no  contentment. CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE. They are not speaking Lila looks as if she has had no sleep. Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts tow the church. CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM, stops as they approach Sheriff an Mrs. Chambers. The Sheriff stares rather sympathetically Lila. Mrs. Chambers smiles nicely.
95) 1) dialog: We thought, if you didn't mind, we'd  go out to the motel with you.
95) 5) dialog: (To Sheriff, not a  question)
95) 11) dialog: No mother.
95) 17) dialog: Maybe I am the seeing-illusions type.
95) 19) dialog: Want me to drop you at the hotel?   Or you want to come over to the store? Lila does not answer. They reach the truck. Lila looks  directly at Sam as he helps her into the cab.
95) 21) dialog: Neither will I. He slams the door, hurries around truck, gets into driver seat, starts motor. As the truck drives off,
95) 25) dialog: Of course we will.
95) 28) dialog: Where'd you go to college?
95) 31) dialog: (Almost to himself)
95) 34) dialog: We were going to get married. Are  going to get married!
95) 36) dialog: This is the old highway.
95) 38) dialog: Watch your tenses.
95) 40) dialog: She always tries to be proper. Sam slows the truck to a stop, sighs, starts to light up cigarette. Lila looks questioningly and impatiently at hi
95) 42) dialog: I'm going with you. But we'd better  decide what we're going to say and  do when we walk in...
95) 44) dialog: You won't believe it... (Starts motor)
96) 0) text: The place is empty and silent and washed dirty by the dee gray of the cloudy sky. We see Sam's truck turning into t driveway and pulling to a stop. After a moment, Sam and L get out of the truck.
96) 1) text: Close on Sam and Lila as they meet on the porch side of t truck. The motel office and the house beyond can be seen b.g. of shot. Sam and Lila merely stare for a moment, the turn and gaze up at the house. There is no figure in the  window and the shade is drawn. Same goes to the office do peers in, knocks, opens door, enters. Lila remains on the driveway, beside the truck.
97) 0) text: CLOSE ANGLE on Norman standing by the window. He has pull the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who standing by the truck and looking up at the house.  Norma studies her, and as her eyes look up at this very window closes the curtains, turns away. We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of p and his struggle to contain it. Then he goes away. CAMERA remains on window, shooting out and down, and through the frail curtains we can see Sam as he comes out of the mote office and joins Lila.
98) 1) dialog: (Unconsciously  whispering)
98) 4) dialog: Come on. He starts with her toward the path which leads to the old house. CAMERA PANS with them, and as they turn around the office corner, they see Norman coming down the path towar them. They pause and Norman pauses. He does not smile, no speak. His usual grin and soft friendliness are gone;  containment and impassivity lie in their place.
98) 5) dialog: (Cheerfully)
98) 9) dialog: We'd hoped to make it straight to  San Francisco, but we don't like the  look of that sky. Looks like a bad  day coming... doesn't it. Norman walks past Sam, giving him the sort of quick,  disapproving glance one gives a man who is obviously lyin goes onto the porch and into the office. Sam and Lila fol Norman.
99) 0) text: Norman crosses to the desk, goes behind it, takes the key cabin number twelve off the keyboard. Sam and Lila have  entered and are almost to the desk-counter by this time.
99) 2) dialog: Better sign in first, hasn't we? Sam eyes scan the counter, looking for a registration boo
99) 4) dialog: (Interrupting with a  friendly cheerfulness)
99) 5) text: Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this  trip... ninety percent business...  and he wants practically notarized  receipts. I better sign in and get a  receipt. Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, cal him "liar." Instead he reaches under the desk counter, br out the registration book. Lila moves closer, studies the book as Sam signs in. Sam signs "Joe and Mrs. Johnson." signature and city of "Marie Samuels" and after it, the  notation "Cabin One," can be clearly seen three registrat above Sam's. When Sam has finished he closes book, hands it back to No Norman does not take it, starts out from behind counter.
99) 7) dialog: Haven't any.
99) 9) text: I'll show you the cabin. As he starts for the door, Sam laughs. Norman stops, turn looks at him.
99) 10) dialog: First time I've seen it happen. (to Lila)
99) 11) text: Check in any place in this country  without bags, and you have to pay in  advance. Sam smiles as if at a funny remark, takes a bill out of h pocket.
99) 13) dialog: That receipt...? Norman goes reluctantly behind counter, lays down the key cabin twelve, takes a receipt book out of the drawer unde counter, starts to write. Lila steps up to the desk, pick up the key, quickly, starts out.
100) 1) dialog: (To Norman, who is  following)
100) 2) text: Don't bother yourself... we'll find  it. He goes on down the porch, doesn't even glance at cabin o walks quickly and catches up to Lila just as she reaches  cabin twelve. CAMERA REMAINS with Norman, who is standing the office door, looking after Sam and Lila, his face ale and no longer impassive. He waits a moment, after they ha closed their cabin door, then crosses to the pickup truck CAMERA MOVES with him. He studies the truck, then leans i through the driver's window, twists the registration card around, reads it. It gives the correct name and address of Sam Loomis. Norman comes back out of the window, glances once more to cabin twelve, then at the old house. His suspicions are  confirmed, and now there is the relaxation of relief in h face. He takes on a purposeful air, turns, strides up the path, up onto the porch of the house, opens the door, goe in.
101) 0) text: Lila is at the cabin's rear window, looking out, strainin for a glimpse of the old house, which cannot be seen from the window of this cabin. She turns, frustrated, anxious. Sam is standing at the fo of the bed, staring at the smooth coverlet, his brow crea in a sadness.
101) 2) dialog: I'm glad we didn't. He pulls his eyes from the bed, crosses to the desk, sits wearily, lights a cigarette. Lila watches him for a momen feels a real compassion, goes to the bed, sits on its edg turns again and looks at Sam's back.
101) 4) dialog: I know. (A pause)
101) 7) text: Sam, if you owned a useless business  like this motel... one you probably  couldn't even sell...  what would  you need to get away, to start a new  business, somewhere else? (As Sam studies her)
101) 9) dialog: How could we prove... (An almost hopeless  laugh)
101) 12) dialog: What makes you sound so certain?
101) 14) dialog: We'll start with Cabin One. He goes to the door, opens it slightly, looks out, then,  back to Lila:
101) 15) dialog: If he sees us... we're just taking  the air. Lila goes to the door. He holds it open and she goes out.
102) 0) text: Sam closes the door, joins Lila, takes her hand. Together they walk along the porch in the direction of Ca One. CAMERA FOLLOWS. They pause before the door of Cabin  One. Sam motions Lila to wait, to hold still, then goes o to the office, opens the door, calls in:
102) 1) dialog: Bates? He waits, there is no response. He goes in and in a momen comes back out, closes the door, goes to Lila. She has already opened the door of Cabin One and has star to enter.
103) 0) text: The blinds are closed and the room is almost night-dark. Sam comes in after Lila, closes the door behind him. For a moment they just gaze at the room, as if willing it tell them some satisfactory story. Neither speaks. Then, in dark silence, they begin to sear going methodically and thoroughly through all drawers, th closet, the desk, searching under the bed and in dark cor not knowing what they expect to find and yet expecting to find some thing. Lila opens the bathroom door, looks in. windowless room is very dark. She switches on the light,  goes in. Sam moves toward the bathroom, is about to follo her in when he notices which room it is and automatically catches himself up, backs out.
103) 1) dialog: Sorry.
103) 3) dialog: What?
103) 5) dialog: What is it?
103) 7) text: Some figure has been added to or  subtracted from... forty thousand. Sam lifts the piece of paper off her finger, studies it,  takes out his wallet, presses the wet scrap to his driver license shield, puts it back in the wallet and puts the w away.
103) 9) dialog: (Reminding)
103) 14) dialog: Do we simply ask him where he's hidden  it?
103) 16) dialog: You can't go up there.
103) 18) dialog: Bates. CAMERA STARTS TO PAN AWAY from them, moves slowly over th room, very slowly.
103) 24) dialog: Wait a minute. If you get anything  out of the mother... (A thought)
103) 26) text: If you do get anything, don't stop  to tell me. Lila nods quickly, hurries to the door. Sam gets to it fi opens it a slight crack, looks out, then opens it wide en for Lila and Himself to pass through.
104) 0) text: ANGLE CLOSE on cabin one as Lila comes out, turns to her  left, goes along porch toward cabin twelve. Sam remains a the door, then turns right, heading for the path. As he p the office, he is shocked to see Norman standing just ins the open door.
104) 2) dialog: (Recovering)
104) 6) dialog: Fine. Sam starts into the office. Just before going in, he glan down the long porch, sees Lila standing outside the door cabin twelve, waves her a tiny "all clear" signal.
107) 0) text: Norman is behind the counter, standing, staring at Sam wh is sitting relaxedly on a small sofa. Norman has the look one who is protecting himself, as if the counter were a  protective wall against the threatening world across it.
107) 1) dialog: (Cheerfully, as if  after a self-conscious  pause)
107) 4) dialog: I always thought it was the people  who are alone so much who do all the  talking when they get the chance.  Yet there you are, doing all the  listening! (A pause)
107) 8) dialog: (Lightly)
111) 0) text: Sam has risen, is standing by the counter now.
111) 1) dialog: I'm not saying you shouldn't be  contented here, I'm just doubting  that you are. I think if you saw a  chance to get out from under...   you'd unload this place...
111) 4) dialog: And now that your mother's dead? Norman snaps a sharp, fast, ugly look at him.
111) 6) dialog: (Softly)
113) 0) text: Norman, behind the counter, has moved back against the wa Sam is still on the other side of the counter, but is lea forward, his eyes hard on Norman's face. Norman's face is no longer expressionless. It has the sta high sheen of a cornered animal.
113) 1) dialog: (Pressing)
113) 4) dialog: I've been talking about your mother...  about your motel. How are you going  to do it?
113) 6) dialog: Buy a new one! In a new town! Where you won't have to hide your  mother!
113) 8) dialog: Where will you get the money to do  that, Bates... or do you already  have it... socked away... a lot of  it...
113) 10) dialog: ...Forty thousand dollars!
114) 0) text: Norman hears Sam following, wants to run, to never be rea by this man. He crosses the small room, drawn to the rear window, as if he might fly through it. Sam enters, pauses Norman turns, back against the window, as unable to fly a as are the many still, stuffed birds. Sam registers a bri flicker of reaction when he sees the birds, but continues gaze at Norman, hard.
114) 1) dialog: I bet your mother knows where the  money is. And what you did to get  it. And I think she'll tell us. Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives  Norman a new, more terrified alarm. He turns his head, gl out the window at the old house. He looks back at Sam and there is terror in his voice.
116) 0) text: Sam is lying on the floor, face downward, unmoving. A  candlestick is on the floor, close by his head, still roc as if just dropped. OVER SHOT comes the SOUND of Norman's footsteps and CAMERA TURNS in time to catch a brief glimp of him going out into the office, almost at a run.
122) 0) text: Lila is seated in a chair, Sam standing close by. A bit a from them, we see Sheriff Chambers, in quiet conference w the CHIEF OF POLICE, the COUNTY SHERIFF, the DISTRICT  ATTORNEY. The Coffee Boy stands in the doorway. Sam goes to him, ta a container of coffee from the box, carries it to Lila,  checking the notation on the lid as he goes.
122) 2) dialog: (quietly)
122) 5) text: I could stand something regular. Sam smiles encouragingly, hands her the coffee. Sheriff  Chambers ENTERS SHOT, gives Sam a container of coffee he brought for him. Sam takes it, nods a thank you. For a moment no one speaks. Lila looks badly shaken, Sam  disheveled, but contained.
122) 8) dialog: (to Lila)
122) 12) text: You warm enough, Miss? Lila is about to answer, when she sees someone come into room and rises anxiously. Sam and Sheriff Chambers turn,  follow her gaze.
123) 23) dialog: Why was he... dressed like that?
123) 28) text: When the mind houses two  personalities, there is always a  battle. In Norman's case, the battle  is over... and the dominant  personality has won. Lila begins to weep softly, for Mary, for Arbogast, for  Norman, for all the destroyed human beings of this world. Sam bends beside her, puts his arm about her, comforts he