3) 28) dialog: Hi.
4) 0) text: A FEAST is served. The Royal Family sits at a table along with Boremont. Julie, Courtney and other SERVANTS hustle about as The BAND PLAYS. Fabious recounts his tale for all. Thadeous watches Belladonna who’s eating with her hands. (CONTTNUED )
4) 7) dialog: And mine his! I’d been held captive by the dark sorcerer Leezar in the Tower of Disorder since I was but a babe.
4) 14) dialog: Nor for Fabious. I could barely believe my eyes when I saw him climbing the tower towards me. And before my evil captor was even aware, we had both slipped away. Belladonna holds up a fork.
4) 15) dialog: My heart’s desire, what is this?
4) 17) dialog: Abh.
4) 20) dialog: I’ve never been aloud to pick out my own clothes. This dress is the first. DO you like it? All eyes turn toward Thadeous.
4) 48) dialog: It’s all right Thadeous. All very amusing if you ask me.
12) 0) text: Belladonna walks down the aisle with her MAIDENS. She joins Fabious at the altar. He takes her hand.
12) 2) dialog: My love... Belladonna then out of nowhere begins singing. She looks into Fabious’ eyes. He takes a deep breath and then goes for it and joins her in a duet.
14) 26) dialog: 
14) 39) dialog: 
16) 55) dialog: Hello?
16) 57) dialog: Stay away from me!
16) 60) dialog: You'll regret this! Fabious will return for me. Those ugly eyes I look into now will bleed by the blade of Fabious’ sword!
16) 66) dialog: It’s a fork. It’s for EATING! He shakes his head and pulls the fork out of his hand. The wound instantly heals before Belladonna’s eyes.
16) 68) dialog: 
25) 23) dialog: Your touch disgusts me! Leezar smiles and stuffs a napkin in her mouth so she can’t speak. He recomposes himself.
25) 34) dialog: The will of my love is too great. I don’t care of what dismay these bitches tell. (MORE )
25) 37) dialog: My prince and his strange brother will arrive here in due time. MOTHER #1 slaps her and puts back in the gag.
29) 0) text: Belladonna -looks out her window at the celestial happenings... Constellations, shooting stars, moons moving, etc. She sings an absurd, but emotional and somewhat expository song about “The Shitty Moons”.
30) 0) text: Fabious sits under the moons on the bank of a river. He looks out to the night. He awkwardly begins singing the same song as Belladonna...
36) 0) text: Belladonna is fast asleep in her chamber. Then from the shadows...
36) 2) dialog: Fabious? - You came! Fabious steps out of the shadows wearing a FLASHY OUTFIT. He takes his shirt off and crawls to the foot of the bed. Belladonna looks around the room confused.
36) 3) dialog: Here, my love? Now? I thought we were to save me for marriage.
36) 5) dialog: There is something afoul here. You look like my love, but-- She pulls free of his embrace. BELLADONNA (CONT’D) What witch craft is this?! Who is this imposter? Fabious rolls his eyes and then turns into... Leezar.
36) 7) dialog: Keep your tricks to yourself.
36) 12) dialog: What will it take for you to realize that you will never have my love? Never. Do you hear me!? My heart belongs to Fabious! Leezar takes it in. Then looks to the moons.
37) 2) dialog: Thadeous and Courtney are ripped from their dreams.
43) 0) text: Belladonna looks out the window crying... The moons rising. Her door opens and in walks Leezar’s MOTHERS.
43) 2) dialog: Tell him, he will have to unwrap my flesh and bones to enter me. Belladonna tears up and looks out her window...
47) 3) dialog: It led you to me. She kisses Fabious. Thadeous turns to Isabel.
50) 0) text: Thadeous, Fabious, Belladonna, and Courtney arrive in front of the gates. The gates open revealing... THE ENTIRE KINGDOM assembled, Tallious, front and center. Fabious raises his SWORD above his head. The KINGDOM erupts into CHEERS.
51) 0) text: The COURTYARD is decked out once again for a royal wedding. The reception is underway. Fabious and Belladonna dance in front of the crowd and kiss, husband and wife. She dances worse than your average white girl. Courtney, Tumblebottom and the elves spin a choreographed Mime Routine of the Adventure. Thadeous watches proudly next to his father King Tallious.