4) 0) text: A FEAST is served. The Royal Family sits at a table along with Boremont. Julie, Courtney and other SERVANTS hustle about as The BAND PLAYS. Fabious recounts his tale for all. Thadeous watches Belladonna who’s eating with her hands. (CONTTNUED )
6) 0) text: Thadeous walks down a hall with his chin held high. He passes a DRESSING ROOM where he hears laughter. SEVERAL KNIGHTS are getting dressed. One Knight, SIR BOREMONT, vents to them.
6) 1) dialog: Best man? It’s an insult. How many quests have I been on with Fabious? Countless. And yet he chooses Thadeous. In all my life never have I seen such a sorry sack of shit.-Such a poor excuse for a prince. He’s nothing more than a self entitled rotten baby. The Knights laugh. Thadeous shifts from confidence to confusion. BOREMONT (CONT’D) I’m sure that dandy will fuck up somehow. Perhaps he’ll dress like a clown and give the entire kingdom a good giggle at his expense, like usual. Everyone laughs. Thadeous sadly takes his wig off.
9) 10) dialog: (under his breath) Goddammit. Julie steps forward, proudly. Boremont bites his lip.
17) 0) text: Fabious walks determined. Sweeping shots of THE ROYAL PARTY traveling through the countryside. The Royal Knights and Carriages move along ON HORSEBACK. Boremont leads the gang of GUARDIAN WARRIORS: MANIOUS THE BOLD, tall, ugly and medieval. THUNDARIAN, a ripped up black dude on steroids. DARONIOUS THE SWIFT, carries two handgun sized CROSSBOWS from his side like a gunslinger.
17) 4) dialog: Aye, your Highness. But what adventure doesn’t hold a twist or a turn? Fabious laughs. Boremont sniffs the air. Then looks over his shoulder to Thadeous’ carriage. BOREMONT (CONT’D) So, does he plan on remaining in his foul smelling carriage the entire quest?
17) 6) dialog: It is a wonder you were cut from the same cloth. If there ever were two men who were more different-
17) 8) dialog: Noble, Fabious. I’m sure he’d do the same for you.
17) 10) dialog: That is a good thing, Your Highness. A good thing indeed. 26 INT. THADEOUS’ ROYAL CARRIAGE - DAY 26 Thadeous puffs away on joint. He lays on fancy pillows. Courtney sits beside him.
18) 8) dialog: Thadeous, WE DO have traditions of our own. One of which seems appropriate for this occasion. The carcass of a WILD HORNED BOAR is stuck on a stick and about to be spit roasted over the blazing fire.
18) 10) dialog: Tradition ordains that on the first night of a quest we partake of the warrior’s tidings to strengthen our bond by devouring the heart of a boar. Thundarian winks to Thadeous, then plunges his hand into the boar’s chest and removes its melon sized HEART.
18) 17) dialog: Lest we be cursed...! Thundarian shakes the disgusting, blood filled organ in Thad’s face who reluctantly takes it only to find the sucker is slippery. Finally he gets a hold of it. The knights start chanting.
22) 4) dialog: A traitor you say? Well that is most unfortunate. But what is more unfortunate for you, is that he is not the only one. Julie’s shivering stops and he smiles wickedly.
22) 5) dialog: What were our Master’s orders? Fabious’ jaw goes tight.
22) 8) dialog: “Code”, you ask? Upon your choice of best man, your “code” became clear to me. I’m ready to serve a Master that appreciates what I do for him. (MORE )
22) 11) dialog: Like Leezar will appreciate how I dispose of you and that sack of shit. Thadeous looks offended. Thundarian And Manious move in. FABIOUS JUMP KICKS them both sending them flying into the crates of LIQUOR which shatter. He slings the lantern at them sending them both ablaze! The TWO MEN SCREAM as they burn alive. Thadeous grabs a sword, trying to keep the BROTHERS MEIN away. Fabious has a quick swordfight with Daronious and then slays him. Before Boremont can move in, Fabious KICKS DOWN THE TENT’S CENTER BEAM! It collapses on them all.
24) 11) dialog: Get up!
24) 13) dialog: Save your excuses. They know not where they stray... (MORE)
24) 16) dialog: Strange danger awaits them in the Valley of Mount Dithens... Regret soon falls upon the sons of the great King Tallious. A smile curves across his face.
37) 8) dialog: How delighted we were to hear word of a rumble at the saloon. We assumed t’was you Princesses who started the melee. Julie steps to Fabious. Courtney steps to block him.
37) 12) dialog: Oh, yes, about that. While I have no doubt that the good king Tallious would send out every last man at the slightest hint of jeopardy befalling his two sons... There is one problem in the communication you extended. Boremont throws down Simon, who is SMASHED TO SHIT and makes weak beeps.
37) 17) dialog: Now let Julie go and submit yourself to me.
37) 21) dialog: He could mount his head upon his wall.
46) 18) dialog: Please Julie calm down.
46) 27) dialog: Intruders!!!
46) 35) dialog: Don’t you understand? I never wanted to hurt you. After all the adventures we'd been through together. I was merely in love! Boremont punches Fabious in the face.
46) 37) dialog: Well I loved you like... like a man loves a man!
46) 43) dialog: You loved your brother more than me. And once you met Belladonna I knew I was moving even further down in your list of priorities. This was the only way! Boremont strangles Fabious. Fabious head butts him, breaking his grip, and with lightning fast speed he turns as Courtney throws him his sword. He grabs it with a smile and grips it with confidence as he lunges his blade into Boremont's GUT! Dropping him.