1) 5) dialog: Prince Thadeous? COURTNEY, a man who serves as the Prince’s trusty minstrel, peeks his head through the tent. COURTNEY (CONT’D) Sir, Mr. Tumblebottom is waiting for the duel.
2) 0) text: Thadeous pokes his head out of his blue tent. Standing across the field in front of a red tent is the elf, JONATHAN TUMBLEBOTTOM. Next to him, BIG BEATRICE and a clan of little elves. Thadeous whispers to Courtney...
2) 2) dialog: Prince Thadeous would win his love today. By smiting Tumblebottom badly in the face.
2) 17) dialog: Your highness, I’m not trained in these ways-
2) 20) dialog: Yes, Your Highness. Courtney puts down his LYRE and then steps into the duel, posing no threat. Tumblebottom looks a little intimidated himself. He turns to his right hand man, LORI.
2) 25) dialog: I don’t believe so, no.
2) 28) dialog: I’ve never done this before so-
3) 0) text: A beautiful CASTLE sits high above THE KINGDOM OF DUBRIS. A GROUP OF BAD ASS KNIGHTS in shining armor ride into the kingdom atop their THUNDERING STEEDS, their SERVANTS and MINSTRELS in tow kicking up dust clouds. INT. THE GREAT HALL — DAY 6 Thadeous stares at his father as he is reprimanded. Courtney stands behind him looking a little beat up. KING TALLIOUS is a kind, weathered king who sits on his THRONE. His ADVISORS stand about.
3) 9) dialog: Umm... You took a bubble bath with what's her name... and ate toast... and had a cat nap and persuaded the kitchen mistress to give you a rectal wash with partridge tears- The King sniffs the air.
4) 0) text: A FEAST is served. The Royal Family sits at a table along with Boremont. Julie, Courtney and other SERVANTS hustle about as The BAND PLAYS. Fabious recounts his tale for all. Thadeous watches Belladonna who’s eating with her hands. (CONTTNUED )
7) 6) dialog: Your Highness... What's wrong? Where are you going?
9) 4) dialog: Shall we go join the wedding? I feel certain it is about to begin.
13) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney are eating a feast with the elves. He is coming down off his drunken high. Thadeous stomps around their small cabin breaking things.
17) 14) dialog: Ten barrels of mead, and fifteen cases of whiskey Your Highness.
17) 16) dialog: He seems fine I guess, Sir.
17) 18) dialog: I’m sure he’ll be most useful. Thadeous nods. He takes another hit, then sniffs.
17) 20) dialog: I believe Steven has shit himself.
18) 0) text: Camp is being set up for the evening in a forest of STATUE RUINS from an ancient time. Courtney cleans stains out of Thadeous’ Carriage. Steven sits tied to a tree. The Guardian Warriors finish building a fire. Thadeous comes out of a large tent with a BOTTLE OF BOOZE.
20) 12) dialog: Forgive my intrusion, Sirs, but I was taking a piss and witnessed a most disturbing incident...
21) 0) text: Courtney leads Thadeous and Fabious through forest.
21) 13) dialog: (yelling to Fabious) Okay?! We're fighting! Now what?! Fabious and Thadeous catch up and open their eyes to watch the fight already in progress.
22) 0) text: Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney run into the large tent.
23) 0) text: With a RIP, Fabious emerges from the tent. He wastes no time taking advantage of the situation by KICKING the shit out of and STABBING every crawling lump under the canvas. Thadeous and Courtney get out and follow suit.
24) 0) text: Fab and Thad power through the forest as branches whip by them. Courtney rides better than you’d think.
24) 1) dialog: Your Highnesses, we have company!
25) 0) text: Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney have stopped in a swamp to water their horses.
25) 16) dialog: I don’t like that idea.
25) 50) dialog: (singing) .-.lay waste to them?
25) 57) dialog: Hark! Listen! Thadeous steps closer to his brother for protection. Standing twenty feet in front of them, a tall white haired PALE SKINNED topless BEAUTY with perfect breasts.
25) 64) dialog: What on Earth makes you think that?
25) 70) dialog: It must be a trap set by Leezar. Thadeous looks to see several of them HUMPING trees aggressively.
25) 74) dialog: This is so fucked up. Our heroes pass out. Courtney falls off his horse. CUT TO BLACK.
26) 0) text: Fabious awakens slowly. Thadeous and Courtney are beside him in a DARK CELL alive with FIVE OTHER PRISONERS.
26) 30) dialog: Fuck that! Courtney runs backwards and gets grabbed through cage bars by the prisoners. He struggles. Marteetee eats something disgusting on his perch. The harem around him soothes his tumors.
27) 3) dialog: Oh brave, oh brave Prince Thadeous-
28) 7) dialog: Here sir, I have cleaned your soiled undergarments. Thadeous snatches them out of Courtney’s hand and sticks them down his pants.
32) 0) text: The camp fire dies down as the remains of a boar are still burning. Thadeous is fast asleep. Isabel sits watch at the perimeter. Fabious looks to the moons up above. Closer than they’ve ever been. Courtney stirs.
32) 2) dialog: Of course.
32) 6) dialog: No. I mean, yes. I have courted ladies I never got to fuck.
32) 8) dialog: I worked as a Squire for the Emperor Chief of Xaxxon. A savage tribe in the heart of the jungles. His daughter had the most beautiful afro and a skin with the sweet glaze of honey. At night, she would sneak down to the boweries, knock on my window and we would whisper for hours of a life where love was simple and our feelings were true.
32) 10) dialog: Previous to my engagements, she had relations with a certain Marquis who was known throughout the land for his genital fungus, twisted sex games and a legendary fire breathing cock. Also, I had heard she had a vagina with teeth. Some pockets of life I’ve pledged best remain as mysteries. Taken aback by this passionate but brief confession.
32) 12) dialog: Yeah, I just really didn’t want my prick to fall off. Thadeous snores loudly. They both turn to look at him.
32) 16) dialog: Envious of Thadeous?
32) 18) dialog: I’m sure that Thadeous would see things differently.
32) 20) dialog: That it is, Sir.
34) 1) dialog: Long have I wanted to lay my eyes upon these streets of lore... As they walk through the streets, they see: Three BARBARIANS proudly showing off a DEAD DRAGON.
34) 2) dialog: M’lady, if this is to be where we part ways then I wish you the blessings of the Eternal Eld. Respectfully he bows. Isabel embraces him.
35) 0) text: Courtney, Fabious, and Thadeous look at a small stable filled with HORSES and HAY.
35) 58) dialog: (singing) LADY WARRIOR. I WILL COME FOR YOU. (MORE )
35) 61) dialog: 
35) 65) dialog: (singing)
37) 3) dialog: Fabious, wake up! What’s wrong? Fabious stirs... He sees some SHEEP and a COW.
38) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney run like the wind. Thadeous stops, turns to Courtney, drops to his knees.
38) 5) dialog: Could that be the Enchanted Cave, sir? The one Fabious was looking for? The one that contains The Blade of Unicorns?
38) 7) dialog: Well...
38) 9) dialog: What about the sword? What about Prince Fabious?
38) 11) dialog: Have you ever known your brother to be as negative and insulting as he was moments ago?
38) 13) dialog: I’ve also heard other things Your Highness that you might not be privy to. I’ve heard how he wished he could be more like you. How he admired and respected you. How he would defend your name in conflict with others.
38) 20) dialog: What is it?
38) 23) dialog: Save your brother, Sir?
39) 0) text: Thadeous walks into the dark cavern. Fog and large spider webs fill the interior. Courtney stays behind at the entrance holding the broken remains of Simon.
39) 2) dialog: I’m not sure.
40) 0) text: Courtney fixes Simon like a jigsaw puzzle. Simon BLEEPS happily and begins flapping it’s clunky wounded wings. Wavering in the air ERRATICALLY LIKE he’s shit-housed. +.-out of the cave storms Thadeous. He raises the Sword of the Unicorn above his head. The afternoon sun catching the powerful blade just right.
41) 0) text: In a small wooden boat. Under the mind of new found confidence, Thadeous and Courtney row across a creepy bog. Simon chirps at the head of the boat leading them through the fog. The boat then bumps onto land. The fog clears revealing... LEEZAR'S LAIR a tall.and large castle made of BLACK ROCK, many towers and spires reach into the heavens. There is a gate made of SHRUBBERY surrounding a large WOODEN DOOR. Thadeous sizes up TWO GUARDS that stand at the gate and without hesitation, he takes The Blade of Unicorns and impales them. He kicks the door in. Thadeous, Courtney and Simon enter the door. CAMERA rises to reveal: A MASSIVE LABYRINTH that leads to LEEZAR’S DARK SPIRE.
42) 0) text: Thadeous, Courtney and Simon round a corner, Thadeous in an adrenaline fueled hunt. They turn down another corridor with various path options... Becoming a bit disoriented. Simon CAWS. A_LOUD BEASTLY HUFF OF AIR echoes over them and lingers through the maze!!! From the FAR END of the PATH, they hear a loud GROWL. They turn to see a LARGE AND DAUNTING FIGURE. AN UNEARTHLY SHRIEK blasts at them. Out of the shadows charges A MINOTAUR: a man body, with the hideous head of a bull AND HIS DICK HANGING OUT! It RUNS AT THEM COUGHING...
42) 4) dialog: OH GODS! The beast is upon us! Run Thadeous! Save yourself! The MINOTAUR COUGHS as he grooves. Thadeous can’t stop watching the beast’s animal thrusts. In a moment, Thadeous closes his eyes and concentrates. He summons the power of the Blade of the Unicorn and screams as he runs toward the beast. He raises the SWORD and slams it down INTO THE MINOTAUR’S BACK! The beast SCREAMS and drops DEAD before them. All falls quiet. It’s like the tape just melted in the middle of your favorite heavy metal jam.
42) 6) dialog: I saw it. You saved my life-! What are you doing? An excited Thadeous uses his sword to try to cut off one of the Minotaur’s horns.
44) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney enter the front gate into a foyer of stone ruins. Thadeous with sword in hand and the MINOTAUR’S DICK as a necklace. He shuts his eyes, and holds out his sword, as if it’s going to direct him. Nothing. THEN, from their left, they hear the loud STOMP OF MARCHING FOOT STEPS. They hide behind STATUES as TEN MASKED MINIONS MARCH BY. After they pass, ONE MINION TURNS AROUND... Thadeous and Courtney freeze as THEY ARE SPOTTED. Whispers turn to NOISE...then in a FLURRY OF BLADES, A MINION in the center turns and cuts the other MINIONS down. Thadeous and Courtney are stunned. The Minion looks up and then rips off its MASK. Stepping forward into the light, we see that it is ISABEL IN THE FLESH!
46) 62) dialog: What’s wrong with him! Leezar SCREAMS, And right then: A HUGE WET EGG FALLS OUT FROM BETWEEN HIS LEGS, sloshing the floor with a THUMP!
47) 0) text: The fivesome walk out of the Valley into the morning light. Courtney’s leg is bandaged.
50) 0) text: Thadeous, Fabious, Belladonna, and Courtney arrive in front of the gates. The gates open revealing... THE ENTIRE KINGDOM assembled, Tallious, front and center. Fabious raises his SWORD above his head. The KINGDOM erupts into CHEERS.
50) 2) dialog: I believe so.
51) 0) text: The COURTYARD is decked out once again for a royal wedding. The reception is underway. Fabious and Belladonna dance in front of the crowd and kiss, husband and wife. She dances worse than your average white girl. Courtney, Tumblebottom and the elves spin a choreographed Mime Routine of the Adventure. Thadeous watches proudly next to his father King Tallious.