3) 17) dialog: Brother Thadeous!!! Oh how I’ve counted the days until we’d be reunited! I missed you so! Thadeous back pedals but Fabious is upon him instantly, kissing both his cheeks and hugging him aggressively.
3) 19) dialog: Dear Brother, Dear Father...I return to the kingdom with only The Fates to thank. The menace that had been causing so much destruction in our kingdom proved to be a formidable opponent indeed.
3) 24) dialog: Behold! The mighty Cyclops! The King and the rest of the hall gasp and burst into CHEERS. Blood drips from the disgusting head.
3) 27) dialog: Just my duty as a Prince to protect and defend this kingdom no matter how grave the danger. And I must confess there is still more good news to come. Father, Brother, Kingdom, I introduce you to my new love and bride to be, Belladonna. The Band kicks in again. Fabious opens the door to reveal: BELLADONNA standing between TWO KNIGHTS. Smoking hot. Goddamn. Her looks leave the King at a loss for words. Fabious skips to her. They embrace and tongue kiss madly. They compose themselves, and turn to the court. FABIOUS (CONT’D) Belladonna, this is my family!
4) 0) text: A FEAST is served. The Royal Family sits at a table along with Boremont. Julie, Courtney and other SERVANTS hustle about as The BAND PLAYS. Fabious recounts his tale for all. Thadeous watches Belladonna who’s eating with her hands. (CONTTNUED )
4) 3) dialog: I laid in wait for hours, until I found my moment and sprung upon the creature. He fought hard but I fought harder. Laying him to waste with my blade. But I must not take credit for this victory alone. For I never would have found the Cyclops lair if it weren’t for the impeccable navigation skills of dear Simon. Everyone turns to his mechanical crow SIMON, as it flies through the room and lands on the back of a chair. CAWING as its beady robotic eyes light up.
4) 6) dialog: It was then two days into our journey home, that the wind carried a most beautiful song from a high tower. And that’s where mine eyes found her. Belladonna nuzzles closer.
4) 9) dialog: An evil man, my brother.
4) 16) dialog: That’s a fork, my love. You use it for eating. Fabious demonstrates for her. She stares in wonder.
4) 18) dialog: Spending all of her life in captivity has left her unaware of a lot of our customs or...just things in general.
4) 26) dialog: Considering the many maidens I have bedded, I confess that I HAVE known delight, but until I found Belladonna, never a pleasure so gratifying as that of TRUE LOVE. The two collapse into a full on make out session. Julie, the minstrel, closes his eyes and strums his lyre. He scores their passion.
4) 38) dialog: Thadeous is right, perhaps now isn’t the time to discuss--
4) 49) dialog: It’s all right, brother. It is good to be home. ‘
5) 2) dialog: You should swing with your hips brother, you get greater leverage. Here, let me show you... From behind Thadeous, Fabious appears. He stands behind him like one shows a woman how to golf.
5) 3) dialog: Hold your hands here and here, and swing from the hips like so... Fabious has his hands on his brother’s hips, and gently sways them as Thadeous quickly losses his mind.
5) 5) dialog: Oh do you? Fabious grabs a sword and with a smile begins fencing with his brother. Taking it easy on him. Thadeous bites his lip and swings aggressively. With a few graceful slices through the air, Fabious shows who the athletic brother is. Thadeous stumbles backwards and almost gets his head sliced off by a tripped guillotine. FABIOUS (CONT’D) Oh dear! I’m dreadfully sorry Thadeous. Fabious helps him to his feet.
5) 9) dialog: Simon, go back to my chambers. Simon flies away blinking. FABIOUS (CONT’D) Are you alright? You’re not cross with me are you, Thadeous?
5) 11) dialog: (with a chuckle) Well, Thadeous, First borns like me are Kings, second borns are... (hesitantly) Well, they can be what ever they chose to be.
5) 13) dialog: We can BOTH be King!
5) 15) dialog: Sorry. Tradition runs deep. Speaking of which, there is one more thing I'd like to discuss... (MORE )
5) 18) dialog: Would you do me the honor of being the Best Man at my wedding?
5) 20) dialog: Yes, brother. I could think of no one else I’d want by my side. Belladonna wishes it as well.
5) 22) dialog: Truthfully, I had to explain it to her. But she’s all in now. She's had a tough life and I intend on changing that. So will you share in this most joyous day?
8) 0) text: Fabious wanders the hall passing his formally dressed guests as he searches for his Best Man.
8) 1) dialog: Thadeous?! Thadeous?! Where are you brother?
9) 8) dialog: Very well, Father. I fear I can no longer bear not being married to this woman. Fabious scans the courtyard for Thadeous, disappointed. The King looks to Boremont, the Elite Knights, and Julie.
12) 0) text: Belladonna walks down the aisle with her MAIDENS. She joins Fabious at the altar. He takes her hand.
12) 1) dialog: My darling...
14) 15) dialog: How dare you show your foul face here on the happiest day of my life!
14) 19) dialog: Nothing here belongs to you, Leezar, except your stinking heart. And for disrupting my ceremony we will now stab that and watch it expire! The remaining Royal Knights unsheathe their swords and join the Prince. Leezar chuckles at the display. Leezar spins his staff sending a BLUE BALL OF ELECTRIC MAGIC right for The King. Fabious swings his blade, deflects the ball and sends it back at Leezar, who jumps as it explodes beneath him.
14) 23) dialog: You should be so lucky. Escape this life with your miserable soul!
14) 28) dialog: No one has love for you, Leezar. And when I end you here today, I’d wager not a single tear will be shed. By anyone!
14) 38) dialog: 
16) 2) dialog: Thank God, you are alive, brother! When you didn’t show up at the wedding I thought the worst. Have you heard?
16) 4) dialog: Dear brother I bare horrible news. Leezar has taken my love. He has kidnapped Belladonna!
16) 11) dialog: We need your help. My bride-to-be was kidnapped by Leezar!
16) 13) dialog: This I know. I gutted him and he recovered as if it were nothing.
16) 17) dialog: Say where I can find such a sword and it shall be mine.
16) 19) dialog: I will journey at once!
16) 27) dialog: Wait, Impregnate her?
16) 29) dialog: This is horrible. Fabious’ whole body sinks. He leans against his father for support. Fabious can barely hold it together. Everyone seems to get it except Thadeous who continues on unknowingly.
16) 31) dialog: I can’t believe I let this happen.
16) 34) dialog: (nervously) Well, uh... truth be told. I’ve been having concentration problems as of late. (MORE ) (CONTTNIED )
16) 37) dialog: I think it’s the post-traumatic stress of the cyclops skirmish, and well... How exactly do you define intercourse? The crowd gasps.
16) 38) dialog: I’m sorry. I have failed the Kingdom.
16) 41) dialog: Then we haven’t a moment to lose. I will lead a quest to rescue my love and with the mighty Unicorn Blade--
16) 43) dialog: Right-- and With the Blade Of The Unicorn I will slay Leezar! Fabious raises a fist. The ROYAL STAFF cheers his courage. Thadeous steps up.
16) 69) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Fabious walks determined. Sweeping shots of THE ROYAL PARTY traveling through the countryside. The Royal Knights and Carriages move along ON HORSEBACK. Boremont leads the gang of GUARDIAN WARRIORS: MANIOUS THE BOLD, tall, ugly and medieval. THUNDARIAN, a ripped up black dude on steroids. DARONIOUS THE SWIFT, carries two handgun sized CROSSBOWS from his side like a gunslinger.
17) 3) dialog: We will follow the Highlands into Muldiss Darton. If we ride fast it should be uneventful.
17) 5) dialog: He is here to learn, Boremont. It is not our place to judge.
17) 7) dialog: We were cut from the exact same cloth. My father’s dick. Let no man forget. I would give my life for Thadeous.
17) 9) dialog: My love for him relies not on his actions.
18) 6) dialog: Brother, we do not celebrate until we complete the quest at hand. Tis code of the Knights Elite.
18) 9) dialog: You will enjoy this, brother. Thundarian the Colossus, prepare the warrior’s tiding, if you will. Thundarian rolls up his sleeves.
20) 8) dialog: Thadeous calm down, really. The initiation is over. You passed!
21) 0) text: Courtney leads Thadeous and Fabious through forest.
21) 1) dialog: There must be a misunderstanding. Julie has been my most trusted confidant, I just can’t-
21) 3) dialog: Is it true? How could you Julie?
21) 6) dialog: We’ve been FLASH BLINDED! Julie smashes their heads into a tree and BOLTS away. The brothers try to follow blinded and dizzy.
21) 8) dialog: Where are you?
21) 12) dialog: I can’t .see you!
21) 15) dialog: No! Just hold him Courtney! Restrain him with all your might! Courtney wrestles Julie, holding him with both arms as he kicks and flails. Then JULIE SHRIEKS LIKE A CAT IN HEAT! Fabious and Thadeous run up as JULIE tears away from Courtney’s grip. Courtney STILL HANGS ONTO HIS ROBE. Thadeous and Fabious regain their vision, and everyone GASPS at the sight before them. Julie stands NUDE FROM HEAD TO TOE, a pale body with one disturbing detail: HE HAS NO GENITALS. Just a smooth skinned KEN DOLL crotch.
21) 17) dialog: How unfortunate!
22) 0) text: Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney run into the large tent.
22) 1) dialog: Boremont! A turncoat has been discovered! Boremont turns. Julie hides behind him, nervously.
22) 2) dialog: Boremont, seize Julie. I’m afraid he has betrayed us! Thadeous, totally pissed and pointing.
22) 7) dialog: Boremont, how could you?! We were friends and what about the code of the Knights Elite?
23) 0) text: With a RIP, Fabious emerges from the tent. He wastes no time taking advantage of the situation by KICKING the shit out of and STABBING every crawling lump under the canvas. Thadeous and Courtney get out and follow suit.
23) 2) dialog: It certainly appears that way. But the Princes of Dubris are not undone so easily! Quick! Those horses! Fabious darts to THE HORSES and mounts one. Courtney mounts another. Thadeous stands beside another one, uncertain. From beneath the tent, the traitors are trying to cut an exit.
23) 4) dialog: What? COURTNEY. Tis true. His majesty hates riding horses fast.
23) 8) dialog: NOW! - Hold on! Fabious gives the horse a kick and they’re off! Julie, and the battered traitors emerge from the tent.
24) 3) dialog: Thadeous, I’m going to need you to take the reins.
24) 7) dialog: Duck! Fabious steers the horse quickly to the left. Taking a narrow path over a fallen tree. A huge branch goes right over their heads as they duck holding each other. Julie is too busy reloading to notice the branch. WHAM! He smashes into the tree face first and is tossed like a rag doll to the ground.
24) 9) dialog: We're doing revenge! Fabious gives the horse a kick.
25) 0) text: Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney have stopped in a swamp to water their horses.
25) 2) dialog: Granted our pilgrimage will be more challenging and our road uncertain, but this does not mean we surrender the quest. My love awaits rescue! I would risk our lives to save her.
25) 4) dialog: Simon. Where have you been? Where were you when I needed you?! Simon CAWS. Thadeous suddenly goes pale, remembering--
25) 6) dialog: What is it? (CONTTNURD )
25) 10) dialog: What? Who’s Steven?
25) 12) dialog: Very well. I understand that bond. It’s not ideal but if it’s what we have to do, then we’ll do it. Let us return to camp, face the traitors, and rescue STEVEN!
25) 14) dialog: That would serve no purpose, Thadeous. It would be the same as me asking you to get rid of Courtney because Julie is no longer with us.
25) 17) dialog: Simon can help us. Simon, take this message to Father. Simon BLINKS and BEEPS. FABIOUS (CONT’D) Tell him the Elite Knights betrayed us. (MORE )
25) 20) dialog: Tell him to send an army across the valley. Tell them to meet us in Muldiss Darton to help claim the Sword of the Unicorn. Hurry. Fly now to Dubris, Simon, and deliver these desperate words! We must run to find my love. We haven’t a moment to lose! Simon BLINKS and flies away. Thadeous watches him go. EXT. TOWER OF DISORDER - NIGHT 36. The TWO MOONS continue to rise above Leezar’s Dark Tower. INT. LEEZAR’S LAIR/DINING HALL - NIGHT 37 THE ROBED WITCHES from the wedding enter the dark hall led by Mother #1. The Arabic looking room of melting candles and pillows is set for a feast. Leezar lays beside Belladonna who is IN CHAINS and dressed provocatively.
25) 52) dialog: ---He swore that for these crimes he'd show no mercy. Put his blade to work so fiercely, never rest on any quest ‘til every drop of blood was flooded from the hearts beneath these villain’s breasts! Courtney and Thadeous exchange a look.
25) 54) dialog: Thanks. They hear a CLICKING SOUND in the woods as they move.
25) 59) dialog: Thadeous, no!
25) 61) dialog: We haven’t time for promiscuity! From behind the tree the VIXEN lets out a playful giggle.
25) 63) dialog: Sometimes I think he doesn’t care about this quest.
25) 69) dialog: White People! - I knew it! The White People move closer, CLICKING THEIR tongues and GRUNTING in a strange mountain speak.
25) 72) dialog: I don’t know. T’is against the code to strike a woman.
26) 0) text: Fabious awakens slowly. Thadeous and Courtney are beside him in a DARK CELL alive with FIVE OTHER PRISONERS.
26) 1) dialog: Where have they taken us?
26) 9) dialog: (to Thadeous) See what happens when you follow your selfish desires?! I knew the woman in the bushes was a trap. This could be a major setback. MARTEETEE rises. A dirty, no teeth, grotesquely obese man, with WHITE SKIN AND RED EYES. He wears a TURBAN and is escorted to a balcony overlooking the arena, where he is lavished upon by the BEAUTIFUL FEMALES of his species who rub oils on him. FACES OF LOST SOULS yawn and moan within the walls.
26) 13) dialog: A Rodeo of Death! A secret tradition practiced by the mountain mortals for centuries and commanded by Marteetee.
26) 19) dialog: Brother. If I am killed in this arena, will you give me your word to continue our quest? The future of the kingdom is at stake.
26) 23) dialog: Of course what?
26) 34) dialog: the--sword, Thadeous--use it! Cut me free! Nipple eye gets frustrated and roars as Fabious pulls hard on his tongue.
26) 36) dialog: You can! Thadeous sees the sword and hesitates... FABIOUS (CONT’D) cut it! Thadeous closes his eyes and wildly swings the sword. Nipple Eye ROARS in pain. Thadeous opens his eyes and sees that miraculously he’s hit the tongue, nearly severing it off. Blood sprays from cut tongue. The CROWD loves it! The half of the tongue that’s still connected is holding strong. Fabious gasps for air!
26) 37) dialog: 
26) 43) dialog: Your time has come!
26) 51) dialog: Should we help her?
26) 57) dialog: Come on! (CONTTNURED )
27) 5) dialog: This bickering must stop. We have greater tasks at hand!
27) 14) dialog: She knows her way around a foe, brother. Perhaps she can lead us to Muldiss Darton so we can get back on the path.
28) 0) text: Our Heroes have geared up and are ready for the next leg of the adventure. Isabel gathers her things. Fabious and Thadeous both look at her. Fabious nods for Thadeous to speak to her. Thadeous loses his nerve and shakes his head “No”
28) 1) dialog: My name is Prince Fabious of Dubris, and this is my dear brother Thadeous and his’ minstrel Courtney. We'd like to thank you for your help with the beast in that cave.
28) 10) dialog: We thank you. And if we may, what is your name?
28) 13) dialog: We will look out for each other equally, I feel certain.
30) 0) text: Fabious sits under the moons on the bank of a river. He looks out to the night. He awkwardly begins singing the same song as Belladonna...
30) 3) dialog: No, I was just out here... uh, by the river, not singing. Thadeous looks at him suspicious. Fabious shrugs. Isabel approaches.
30) 5) dialog: My feet are killing me. You two should... take care of business.
32) 0) text: The camp fire dies down as the remains of a boar are still burning. Thadeous is fast asleep. Isabel sits watch at the perimeter. Fabious looks to the moons up above. Closer than they’ve ever been. Courtney stirs.
32) 1) dialog: Courtney, may I ask you a question?
32) 3) dialog: You don’t think it weird of me that I never slept with Belladonna do you? That we were waiting until marriage to consecrate the most sacred of actions.
32) 7) dialog: Oh-
32) 9) dialog: And were you afraid to go all the way... Or just-?
32) 11) dialog: So... It was more out of precaution and sanitation than any true moral character on your behalf?
32) 13) dialog: Look at him sleeping like an angel. Ah, I have spent a lifetime often envious of my brother.
32) 17) dialog: That’s right. All the times when he can sit back and have a laugh and pour another drink. I am the one on stage, wearing make-up to cover my acne. My hair quaffed just so. Always the pressure to be the perfect son.
32) 19) dialog: I’m sure he does. I suppose the grass is always greener.
33) 0) text: Isabel leads the gang down a well traveled road. Thadeous and Fabious watch Isabel and speak discreetly.
33) 1) dialog: So tell me, brother. How did you fare with your conquests last eve on your... hunt?
33) 3) dialog: You performed SEX with her?
33) 5) dialog: Good on you, brother. A warrior’s thirst can not be quenched by the battlefield alone. Where does that leave you two this morning?
34) 4) dialog: Isabel, I bid you farewell. I wish you great success on your journey. Fabious takes a knee, kisses her hand and then leaves. Isabel turns back to find Thadeous standing there.
35) 0) text: Courtney, Fabious, and Thadeous look at a small stable filled with HORSES and HAY.
35) 4) dialog: No, brother, this is where we shall sleep tonight. Just then a LARGE HORSE stands right in front of Thadeous, its tail whisking in his face. Thadeous shoves its rear as hard as he can... The horse doesn’t budge.
35) 7) dialog: We must keep a low profile. Assassins could be chasing a high bounty on our heads as we speak. The eclipse draws near and we can leave nothing to chance.
35) 9) dialog: It has gotten us HERE, a half day’s journey from where my love is imprisoned. Thadeous, I am trying to maintain a positive attitude, but honestly, your grievances are beginning to wear on me. Let us rest. At dawn we will face the Enchanted Cavern retrieve the blade of the unicorn and then storm Leezar’s lair. We have quite a day ahead.
35) 14) dialog: Many heroes pass through this town. Many egos. For half of them it’s the night before the big match, for the other half it’s the night after... Some are victorious... IN THE FAR CORNER, SIX TINY MEN are toasting excitedly, THE TINIEST ONE waves a JEWELED DAGGER above his head in victory.
35) 17) dialog: +.-Others are crushed with failure and defeat,. prone to inexplicable violence. ACROSS THE BAR, a DRUNK BARBARIAN smashes his Battle Axe through a table, then in a blind crying rage, he puts his fists through the walls of the tavern. He drops to his knees and screams to the HEAVENS.
35) 20) dialog: Pray that you never know the taste of defeat like that. I’ve been fortunate, dear brother. (getting emotional) I‘ve never failed a quest. (MORE )
35) 23) dialog: But I will open up to you now, and tell you something I have told no man. In my heart lies a fear, that one day I will encounter another who is stronger, faster, more cunning, and I do not know if I’m strong enough to-
35) 25) dialog: (alarmed) What?!
35) 27) dialog: Look at those men. Those beautiful men with their sexual ways. IN A DARK CORNER ACROSS THE BAR, Isabel and the MEN take their seats. .
35) 29) dialog: You would risk exposing us? Putting at risk our chances to-? Thadeous’ gaze shifts from Isabel to the RIPPED FIGHTERS.
35) 31) dialog: No, Thadeous, wait-!
35) 45) dialog: Perhaps you should watch your tongue when speaking of my family, good sir. Our mother is dead!
35) 72) dialog: What did I tell you Thadeous?! Your actions are about to ruin everything!
36) 4) dialog: Suck upon my bruce and lick my beans. Take them in your mouth and hum.
37) 0) text: Fabious screams in his sleep.
37) 1) dialog: 
37) 4) dialog: We must move. Belladonna doesn’t have much longer.
37) 10) dialog: Drop your weapon Boremont, or Julie, my FORMER friend will die. Julie’s face is washed with fear as Fabious pins him.
37) 11) dialog: Perhaps my father’s army will be more entertaining than we. After Simon’s message, they should be arriving nigh on now.
37) 13) dialog: 
37) 18) dialog: Let my brother and Courtney go, you may do with ME as you will-
37) 20) dialog: This blade is trained for your head, Julie. If you’d like to keep it, I can assure you, that you are only taking one Prince today. Julie remains still. He looks to Boremont. FABIOUS (CONT’D) Think, Boremont. What use is the second born Prince of Dubris? Never has there been such an heir so unfit to wear the crown. Of what use would Leezar have of HIM? Thadeous winces.
37) 22) dialog: A trophy of what?! If ever there was a head to be mounted, surely it should be mine. I’m Fabious, slayer of the Gandar Beast, Liberator of Dawnscreed, First born son of the Great King Tallious! Or you could take your master the fat face of Thadeous, terrible song writer, self centered, egotistical, asshole. Thadeous looks to his brother, hurt.
37) 23) dialog: And would not a far more devastating blow be to leave the possibility that one day this buffoon might actually become King of Dubris?
37) 27) dialog: Go, Thadeous! Go in any direction you wish. LEAVE NOW! Thadeous pouts away with Courtney. He looks back... Boremont kicks Fabious, dropping him to his knees in front of Julie.
40) 5) dialog: Leezar has seized hold of your mind.
40) 7) dialog: But... you WERE employees!
40) 9) dialog: Leezar! Where is she?
40) 11) dialog: You know who! Leezar gets angry.
40) 14) dialog: And then what?
45) 4) dialog: What? What are you doing here?
45) 6) dialog: You did?
45) 8) dialog: Yes! INT. LEEZAR’S OBSERVATORY - CONTINUOUS 63 As the two moons rise out of the window, Leezar paces beside his altar. He looks nervous as if rehearsing for a speech, but he’s also practicing his sexual swerve, biting his lip and humping the air. Footsteps approach and his Mothers escort the lovely Belladonna to the altar wearing lingerie and chains. Leezar smiles.
45) 22) dialog: Indeed. Why did you go through the Labyrinth? There’s a fucking Minotaur in there.
46) 6) dialog: Now my eyes hath witnessed it all.
46) 8) dialog: I see. Formidable my tiny companion, formidable indeed.
46) 10) dialog: Tis far more treacherous than I thought. I can not ask you-
46) 12) dialog: This coming from the same brother who wouldn't even be my best man?
46) 17) dialog: Ready! INT. LEEZAR’S OBSERVATORY - CONTINUOUS 67 The Mothers of the Dark Realm BEGIN CHANTING. Belladonna is strapped down, Leezar grins and rubs himself. Julie stands excited beside Boremont, holding a large TEACUP.
46) 28) dialog: Belladonna!!! Leezar turns in confusion. Fabious charges the room. Mothers and Boremont and Julie take guard.
46) 36) dialog: What? Fabious punches Boremont in the face. FABIOUS (CONT’D) I loved you too! As a brother!
46) 38) dialog: Oh. Boremont kicks Fabious’ legs out from underneath him. Courtney joins THADEOUS to tag team Julie! -ISABEL fights the Mothers one at a time. They twirl STAFFS that shoot bolts of electricity, but Isabel is quick to defend herself with a sword and slays three of them.
46) 44) dialog: This relationship has become very unhealthy. Fabious eyes Belladonna on the alter. Julie pins Thadeous and twists his nuts.
46) 51) dialog: Your blade, Thadeous, it will only work for you since you retrieved it! You must come with me to battle Leezar. Thadeous looks to his brother. He takes a deep breath and then they march together toward the alter and BELLADONNA. The HOUR GLASS runs out. The MOONS are at their peak now. ONE GLOWING MASS. Leezar looks at Belladonna. His eyes begin to GLOW.
46) 57) dialog: At this moment, on this day, the first day of the Crescent Twins calendar, I Prince Fabious of Dubris announce the quest to save Belladonna and rid the world of Leezar once and for all to be--
47) 2) dialog: See, questing is not all bad.
47) 11) dialog: Is thou alright, brother? Thadeous fights his tears back. Gets a hold of himself. The Four ride off into the sunset together.
50) 0) text: Thadeous, Fabious, Belladonna, and Courtney arrive in front of the gates. The gates open revealing... THE ENTIRE KINGDOM assembled, Tallious, front and center. Fabious raises his SWORD above his head. The KINGDOM erupts into CHEERS.
50) 6) dialog: Especially you, brother. Thadeous takes pause letting it soak in. He raises the Blade of Unicorn above his head and the crowd goes WILD. He turns to Fabious and smiles. Courtney smiles too.
51) 0) text: The COURTYARD is decked out once again for a royal wedding. The reception is underway. Fabious and Belladonna dance in front of the crowd and kiss, husband and wife. She dances worse than your average white girl. Courtney, Tumblebottom and the elves spin a choreographed Mime Routine of the Adventure. Thadeous watches proudly next to his father King Tallious.
51) 8) dialog: Oh... excuse me, brother. Thadeous jumps up startled, stuffing his bruce and beans under a fancy pillow. FABIOUS (CONT’D) Don’t mean to interrupt. I just came by to tell you that... Tonight seeing you at the wedding it didn’t seem right that you were all alone. So I’ve brought someone here for you. Someone I know you’ve been missing very much. And someone that I know has been missing you. Thadeous sits up excited.
51) 10) dialog: I’ve brought you Steven!
51) 16) dialog: Good night, Thadeous. Fabious exits, leaving Thadeous and Steven all alone.