26) 46) dialog: Two weeks ago, three of my brothers were captured by you and slaughtered by that beast. Today I avenge them. First by killing the beast. Second by killing you, Marteetee! Prepare to have your asshole punched out through your dickhole in a violent circumcision of death! The crowd goes ape shit.
26) 54) dialog: 
27) 0) text: The gang, now armed, comes running out of the woods, to a clearing by a waterfall. They catch their breath. Thadeous and Isabel circle each other.
27) 1) dialog: You almost had me killed back there!
27) 4) dialog: Never heard of you.
27) 6) dialog: I don’t know what your tasks are, and frankly I don’t give a shit.
27) 8) dialog: You'll do nothing before I tear the package from between your legs like I tore this horn from the beast. I will wear it round my neck... (MORE )
27) 11) dialog: (holding the horn) A souvenir of my kill! Courtney gulps as she immediately pulls away from Thadeous and begins to remove her war gear.
27) 12) dialog: Now if you’ll excuse me, I wish to wash this stench off me. And with that, she removes the last piece of her gear to reveal: ISABEL WEARING A “RED SONYA” WARRIOR BIKINI, her body is smoking hot. He watches her dive into the pond. Fabious walks up.
28) 0) text: Our Heroes have geared up and are ready for the next leg of the adventure. Isabel gathers her things. Fabious and Thadeous both look at her. Fabious nods for Thadeous to speak to her. Thadeous loses his nerve and shakes his head “No”
28) 2) dialog: You handled the stripping swordsman. I appreciate that as well. I have no time for small banter though. My quest continues to the North.
28) 6) dialog: I have fought in the Crusades at Londorian, braved the ice tombs of Korlack, and traversed the hell deserts of Thinley. Now I am on the most important quest of all. Why should I slow my swagger to lead you? Just then Courtney comes up with a pair of underwear.
28) 9) dialog: If you're heading north, you boys may journey with me to Muldiss Darton. From there I seek navigation and march alone.
28) 11) dialog: I am Isabel. The last living member of the Harshbarger order.
30) 4) dialog: We need food. If we pause now, I will hunt. Who will join me? Fabious looks to Thadeous.
31) 0) text: Isabel stalks the forest, stepping quietly with her bow and arrow drawn on the trail of dinner. Up ahead, a movement in the brush. A DEER wanders from the bush. Thadeous comes stomping out of nowhere, swinging his sword recklessly. The deer is startled and runs away.
31) 3) dialog: May I ask what you are doing?
31) 5) dialog: Ruining my chances to catch dinner.
31) 7) dialog: Perhaps you should open your eyes when you swing your blade. The chances of hitting your target greatly improve. Isabel snatches the sword from Thad’s hands and shows him a real demonstration of skill, swinging the blade with poise and grace over and under and slashing mere breaths from Thadeous’ nethers. She points her blade as he covers his crotch.
31) 9) dialog: You have much confidence, Thadeous. But I know the feel of your cock in my hand, and would not be so quick to boast. Shall we continue hunting?
31) 14) dialog: I’m sorry, but my quest affords me no such luxury.
31) 17) dialog: Did you just step on a fairy? Thadeous nods.
32) 0) text: The camp fire dies down as the remains of a boar are still burning. Thadeous is fast asleep. Isabel sits watch at the perimeter. Fabious looks to the moons up above. Closer than they’ve ever been. Courtney stirs.
33) 0) text: Isabel leads the gang down a well traveled road. Thadeous and Fabious watch Isabel and speak discreetly.
33) 9) dialog: Gentlemen, for better or worse, we have arrived in Muldiss Darton.
34) 3) dialog: May good fortune return you and your friends home safely.
34) 10) dialog: Be careful on your journey. Please stay close to your brother.
34) 12) dialog: I have no time for relationships, Thadeous, were I even interested. The balance of life in this land depends on my dedication to my quest. You see I-
34) 14) dialog: Goodbye, Thadeous. Isabel holds out her hand for a shake but Thadeous has already committed to the hug and open mouth kiss which is really awkward.
34) 16) dialog: I’m pretty sure that’s not going to happen.
35) 33) dialog: Thadeous?
35) 37) dialog: Thadeous, this is Adam Chatsworth, and these are his men.
35) 40) dialog: This is Prince Thadeous of Dubris.
35) 43) dialog: Thadeous, that’s enough.
35) 51) dialog: These men have the map I need to complete my quest.
35) 54) dialog: A song?
35) 80) dialog: This is a mistake! I am not travelling with these fools! The door is slammed in her face. She turns to Thadeous.
35) 81) dialog: How dare you disrupt my bargaining! If I fail the quest before me, I will hold you responsible! - I bid you farewall once and for all! This comment turns Thadeous’ stomach. He is wasted and beaten. She storms off. Thadeous turns to his brother.
44) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney enter the front gate into a foyer of stone ruins. Thadeous with sword in hand and the MINOTAUR’S DICK as a necklace. He shuts his eyes, and holds out his sword, as if it’s going to direct him. Nothing. THEN, from their left, they hear the loud STOMP OF MARCHING FOOT STEPS. They hide behind STATUES as TEN MASKED MINIONS MARCH BY. After they pass, ONE MINION TURNS AROUND... Thadeous and Courtney freeze as THEY ARE SPOTTED. Whispers turn to NOISE...then in a FLURRY OF BLADES, A MINION in the center turns and cuts the other MINIONS down. Thadeous and Courtney are stunned. The Minion looks up and then rips off its MASK. Stepping forward into the light, we see that it is ISABEL IN THE FLESH!
44) 1) dialog: Foolish prick, what are you doing here?
44) 5) dialog: I hope this is not another one of your attempts to bed me. I’m at the end of my quest and need no anchor.
44) 7) dialog: You are after Leezar as well? Do you know he means to bring a dragon to this world tonight?
44) 9) dialog: It is the duty of my family the Order of the Golden Knights to stop this prophecy from ever coming true. These witches found out my family was heritage of the order. They had my father and each of my brother’s killed. They wanted to make sure that nothing stood in their way tonight. They severely underestimated the surviving daughter.
44) 11) dialog: Let’s take things one quest at a time. Thadeous shrugs
45) 0) text: Isabel leads as everyone creeps along through CATACOMBS.
45) 1) dialog: Get down!
45) 14) dialog: 
45) 19) dialog: You entered through the Labyrinth?
45) 21) dialog: You should have just gone around through the back. It’s a much less hostile entrance.
46) 9) dialog: What’s he saying?!
46) 14) dialog: We can finish this whenever you maidens are ready.
46) 47) dialog: Next time you want to smash a blood line of Knights. Make sure you kill every one AND THEIR
47) 5) dialog: I never. rest. There is another mission that calls me to the Western Marshes. She smiles, leans in and kisses him. His eyes light up.
47) 6) dialog: I won't forget you, prince. He takes the Minotaur dick and tries to put it around her neck. She stops him.
47) 10) dialog: I‘1l remember you in other ways. I really don’t want that thing touching me. Isabel hands it back, then turns her horse in the opposite. direction. ISABEL (CONT’D) Until we meet again. Thadeous waves to her as she gallops away. He tries to be strong, wiping a tear from his eye.
51) 18) dialog: I was able to wrap things up in the West quicker than expected. And I have not been able to stop thinking of you.
51) 20) dialog: Wait, before we go any further there is something I need to tell you...
51) 22) dialog: It’s a chastity belt. Put upon me by an evil witch a long time ago.
51) 24) dialog: She now roams the snow mountains of the Shahmir. (MORE)
51) 27) dialog: If I can defeat her, the curse will be broken and the belt will fall free.
51) 29) dialog: Yes.
51) 31) dialog: Well, if you don’t want to come--~
51) 33) dialog: You know what? Forget it.