3) 15) dialog: Here ye, here ye! I have come to herald news, and might I add with blossoming personal joy... THE
4) 0) text: A FEAST is served. The Royal Family sits at a table along with Boremont. Julie, Courtney and other SERVANTS hustle about as The BAND PLAYS. Fabious recounts his tale for all. Thadeous watches Belladonna who’s eating with her hands. (CONTTNUED )
10) 6) dialog: It has been my great fortune and utter privilege to have the honor of giving over my dedication and loyalty with utter conviction to the very dear Prince Fabious of Dubris. Fabious gives a smiling nod.
16) 9) dialog: Here yee now! All greetings in time of tragedy, The Great White Wizard. GUARDS escort THE GREAT WHITE WIZARD.
19) 0) text: Across the camp, the back flap of one of the larger tents is opened, and a shadowy figure emerges. It’s JULIE.
20) 0) text: Julie positions a small GEM STONE that hangs by a string from a tree. He then kneels in the dirt and opens his satchel. He removes four crystals that fit together like a puzzle to form a small 8 inch clear PYRAMID. He then finds a small WOODEN BOX in his bag and twists several chambers like a Rubix Cube. He reaches into his mouth and pulls out one of his back teeth. He plants the root of the tooth into the wooden box. It lights up and shoots a beam of light into the gem on the tree that reflects a rainbow prism into the pyramid. He recites an incantation: (CONTTNUED )
20) 3) dialog: Uraylot, puffy muff, fuucous, guttoon... As he hums these weird words, the rainbow colors merge in the pyramid, and finally becomes a trippy HOLOGRAM OF LEEZAR'S FACE... Active and communicating...
20) 4) dialog: (secretively) Your most dedicated servant Julie with a report, Master Leezar. We have crossed the Hazel meadows on our way to Muldiss Darton. We rest for the night near the Cliffs of Kuneman. Leezar’s floating head gazes at Julie who respectfully bows, neither scoundrel aware of the figure in the bushes watching: COURTNEY SEES IT ALL WHILE TAKING A PISS.
20) 6) dialog: Very well Master. Scared shitless, Courtney shakes his dick and runs. INT. THADEOUS’ TENT - MOMENTS LATER 30 The rowdy laughter of the knights can still be heard.
21) 2) dialog: You can’t what, Your Highnessses? They are startled as Julie steps out of the shadows. The lantern reveals the serious look on Fabious’ face.
21) 4) dialog: Easily. Quite easily in fact. At that moment Julie whips two of the BRIGHTLY LIT GEM STONES from his robe and strikes them together creating a BLINDING FLASH right in Thadeous and Fabious’ eyes!
22) 6) dialog: The orders were simple. Kill Fabious and leave the chubby one as brunch for the beasts of the wilderness! Boremont and The Rest of the Elite Knights UNSHEATHE their SWORDS.
23) 9) dialog: Catch them! They mount the remaining horses. The chase begins...
24) 12) dialog: The obstacles were unavoidable.
37) 7) dialog: You're telling me. The guys turn disturbed and curious. They see JULIE STEP OUT from around a corner smiling. Boremont steps behind him and carries a sword.
37) 9) dialog: Step aside Courtney and join us. My blade yearns to sink into this fucker’s flesh! Julie lunges at Thadeous when Fabious makes a move. He disarms Julie with a kick and then throws him down onto a SLAUGHTERHOUSE CHOPPING BLOCK. A HEAVY BLADE above his head held by a rope.
37) 19) dialog: He’s bluffing!
40) 2) dialog: It’s not death you face, just a great deal of discomfort as you watch your enemy make sex with your love. (CONTTNUED )
40) 6) dialog: For generations YOUR family has treated MY family like employees.
40) 8) dialog: I know! But those days are over! Leezar promised to make me a 60/40 partner in his evil empire if I could “unhinge” the great Tallious and the beloved perception of Dubris. Julie whips Fabious again. LEEZAR ENTERS the chamber with his mothers and looks to Fabious, beaten and chained.
46) 2) dialog: Mothers of the Dark Realm. It has been my great fortune to have the honor of giving over my dedication and loyalty to the very dear Dark Lord Leezar. Leezar steps out before them and sets an HOUR GLASS. The sand slowly falls. He smiles proudly. (CONTTNITED )
46) 19) dialog: Sex. We’re about to watch some sex. Leezar pulls a lever, and the DOMED CEILING ABOVE THE ALTER OPENS like the iris of a camera, revealing the TWO MOONS, almost one. The sand in the hour glass continues...
46) 45) dialog: Now that I am in a position of power, and you are not, tell me how it feels to be- From the side, Courtney SMASHES HIS SLEDGE HAMMER ON THE BACK OF JULIE’S HEAD. Thadeous grabs Julie and throws him in the boiling cauldron of yellow liquid. He screams as his body burns. Isabel confronts the last of the wicked mothers.