3) 0) text: A beautiful CASTLE sits high above THE KINGDOM OF DUBRIS. A GROUP OF BAD ASS KNIGHTS in shining armor ride into the kingdom atop their THUNDERING STEEDS, their SERVANTS and MINSTRELS in tow kicking up dust clouds. INT. THE GREAT HALL — DAY 6 Thadeous stares at his father as he is reprimanded. Courtney stands behind him looking a little beat up. KING TALLIOUS is a kind, weathered king who sits on his THRONE. His ADVISORS stand about.
3) 3) dialog: Don’t you want to welcome Prince Fabious home?
3) 5) dialog: Your brother went on a noble journey putting his life on the line to protect this kingdom.
3) 7) dialog: What?
3) 10) dialog: You smell of wizard’s weed and bloodberry rum. What have I told you about-?!
3) 14) dialog: Why do I find that hard to believe? Suddenly, THE DOORS swing open, and in trots JULIE, another fey man minstrel with a scroll. A SILENT CROWD follows him in. Julie clears his throat. Thadeous rolls his eyes, takes one of THE OLD WISE ADVISOR’S GOBLETS and starts chugging.
3) 20) dialog: Whether you have slain the beast or not, my son, tis not important. (MORE)
3) 23) dialog: I just thank the Gods that you returned in one piece and-- From a large sack, Fabious pulls out THE SEVERED HEAD OF A CYCLOPS and holds it up for all to see.
3) 26) dialog: Fabious you have made me the proudest a father could ever be, yet again! All the land owes you it’s gratitude and praise!
4) 5) dialog: Thadeous, don’t talk with your mouth full. Thadeous chews his stew. Fabious continues...
4) 10) dialog: Evil indeed. A dark wizard who has attempted to take over these lands many times. (MORE )
4) 13) dialog: But his treachery has never been a match for this kingdom’s strength.
4) 22) dialog: The dress is magnificent, Belladonna. I think no other woman has graced this hall with such beauty since my Queen was alive. Everyone bows their heads with respect.
4) 25) dialog: If your mother were here today she would be very proud Fabious. Thadeous rolls his eyes.
4) 27) dialog: THE GLORY OF ROMANCE! I will call upon my Criers to proclaim: Your wedding will be the greatest this kingdom.has ever seen! Here, here! All the COURT raises their GOBLETS. Thadeous stands.
4) 30) dialog: What is going on here?!
4) 33) dialog: What was that?!
4) 35) dialog: Slaves? How and why did you pay for slaves? Fabious helps his fiance to her feet. Thadeous stews. KING TALLIOUS (CONT’D) Thadeous, how did you pay for this?! The King is getting angry. It becomes very awkward.
4) 37) dialog: You did what?!
4) 43) dialog: You will not speak to your brother this way. Or treat our castle with vulgarities! Apologize. And apologize to Belladonna. She could have been killed!
4) 45) dialog: 
4) 51) dialog: Thadeous! Come to me. Thadeous ambles over to his father. Tallious delivers an open handed SLAP that rings Thad’s bell.
4) 52) dialog: You will respect me if not as your Father, then as your KING!
4) 54) dialog: T’was meant to. "Your Highness" - Draft 15th April 2009 15.
9) 7) dialog: If Thadeous wishes to play forgetful on this his brother’s day of days, then wait we shall not!
9) 9) dialog: Julie, you’re the best man.
10) 5) dialog: As you all know, my eldest son, Prince Fabious, has had many quests, but none so adventurous as Marriage. Everyone gives a polite laugh. Julie claps. KING TALLIOUS (CONT’D) This is the proudest day in all my life, and I thank you all for joining with me. Everyone claps, and Julie steps on stage with a scroll.
14) 2) dialog: I’m sorry, old man, but now is not the time. Run along. We’re still in the midst of a ceremony. The Gypsy bows, embarrassed.
14) 6) dialog: Help our guest with his wagon.
14) 8) dialog: 
14) 11) dialog: 
14) 21) dialog: ENOUGH! Leave MY son and his bride alone and leave my Kingdom!
14) 34) dialog: Enough! Mothers and spawn of the dark realm! Leave MY Kingdom! The KING whips up a crossbow taken from a fallen guard. He lets an arrow fly... speeding right for LEEZAR when-- Leezar slams the ground with his staff sending out a SONIC BOOM! The speeding arrow explodes in the blast. The King is blown off the stage and carried off screaming by his secret service-like GUARDS. Leezar ROARS in pain, dropping Belladonna. Through his gut, we see the TIP OF A SWORD is sticking out. Behind him, with singed hair, is Fabious with his grip tight and pressing his sword right through Leezar. He withdraws his blade and steps back, grabbing Belladonna. Leezar looks down to the deep deadly wound...and then in mere seconds the wound closes up and heals itself. Fabious and Belladonna’s eyes go wide. Leezar looks up to them and giggles. ZAP--! Fabious is frozen in place from the powerful glow of Leezar’s staff. Belladonna screams in HORROR! LEEZAR BINDS HER with colorful energy coils. The coils bring her right to ground below him. He holds her by the hair, pulls the dagger from his back, and then licks his own blood from the blade. (CONTTNURD )
16) 7) dialog: Two of our guards were beheaded! And reports have it that you were seen playing grab ass in the Kwispy Swamps with derelict elves! All eyes are on Thadeous.
16) 22) dialog: White Wizard? The White Wizard snaps awake.
16) 26) dialog: A what?
16) 33) dialog: Ah, then Leezar’s plan is foiled! You have beded her, have you not?
16) 39) dialog: Leezar must be stopped. The destruction he could induce with the aid of a beast as mighty and vicious as a dragon is unimaginable. When is this eclipse, White Wizard?
16) 47) dialog: Save your words, Thadeous for you will be accompanying him. Thadeous is caught completely off guard. He fumbles unprepared. Julie smiles smugly. KING TALLIOUS (CONT’D) It is time for you to become a man ONCE AND FOR ALL. On the open road of a treacherous quest! You must journey with your brother to save Belladonna!
16) 49) dialog: You have neglected my authority and the heritage of this kingdom for far too long. This expedition will prove you are a man worthy to bear the family shield.
16) 51) dialog: The choice is yours Thadeous: You can pack your bags and accompany your brother or pack your bags and enjoy banishment from this castle. Thadeous just stands there as all eyes are on him. The Great White Wizard exhales another big hit. Him and the White Wizard lock eyes. And then without moving his mouth, the Great White Wizard speaks through Thadeous’ mind.
39) 6) dialog: You smell of wizard’s weed and bloodberry rum... Alarmed at the presence, he stands ram-rod straight.
39) 7) dialog: You will respect me if not as your Father, then as your KING! He searches frantically through the cavernous space when-
51) 0) text: The COURTYARD is decked out once again for a royal wedding. The reception is underway. Fabious and Belladonna dance in front of the crowd and kiss, husband and wife. She dances worse than your average white girl. Courtney, Tumblebottom and the elves spin a choreographed Mime Routine of the Adventure. Thadeous watches proudly next to his father King Tallious.
51) 6) dialog: No, I’m good. 73 “Your Highness" - Draft 15th April 2009 108. INT. THADEOUS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT 73 Thadeous lays in bed all alone...it’s dark.