14) 9) dialog: 
14) 10) dialog: I’ve been expecting me!
14) 13) dialog: King Tallious, do you really think your pathetic band of worms can stop me? You should know better.
14) 16) dialog: How dare I? I only come to reclaim what is MINE. - Belladonna, get that sweet ass over here! Fabious steps in front of her, sword raised. (CONTTNUED )
14) 20) dialog: Well look at you.
14) 22) dialog: Or what? Perhaps I’ll die at the blade of Prince Fabious?
14) 24) dialog: Ha! You feign honor, a disguised thief. You come into my lair, and you take what belongs to me? You steal from my home? You take MY
14) 29) dialog: Perhaps... MOTHERS?! The GOLDEN BOX then opens and out crawls a RED ROBED WITCH, followed by another, and another, and another... (CONTTNUED )
14) 33) dialog: Here we are. Brought together in these chains of love. Belladonna lets out a scream. The witches shriek, as their magic sets the courtyard ablaze! Through the smoke-
14) 37) dialog: Farewell, Kingdom of Dubris. It , has been my PLEASURE! The ROBED WITCHES climb back into the golden box one by one, each disappearing inside. Leezar sticks his tongue in Belladonna’s ear and snaps his fingers. They disappear in a poof of smoke. The spell broken -- Fabious springs to life and dives after them into the box... WHAM! The magic doesn’t work for him. He smashes the box and lands on his face.
16) 56) dialog: Welcome home. Leezar APPEARS by the window and turns.
16) 58) dialog: Your anger will not last. True happiness awaits upon your submission to my kiss. Leezar points out the narrow window to THE TWIN MOONS, both little more than slivers that punctuate the day sky like parenthesis slowly marching towards each other. LEEZAR (CONT’D) Looky there. The Twin Moons appear almost as halves rather than wholes, fragments of a form... Now we know tis but a trick of the eye and yon moons drift complete as ever... Looks can be decieving. Leezar smiles a wicked grin and claps his hands.
16) 59) dialog: I have raised you in eager anticipation of their eclipse. Just as the moons unite... So will you and I. He kisses her lips. She spits in his face.
16) 61) dialog: That’s actually not true. One, Fabious will never make it back to this tower to save you. I'll make sure of that. And two, I’m charmed my dear. Blades and swords can do me no harm. (MORE)
16) 64) dialog: Fabious’ mighty sword is useless against me, steel, bronze, all-- Belladonna whips a dinner fork out of her dress and stabs it into Leezar’s hand that’s against the wall. Leezar calmly looks to his hand pinned to the wall.
16) 65) dialog: What is this?
16) 67) dialog: Didn’t I just say this sort of thing can’t hurt me? Shame. Your anger for me clouds your judgement. But it’s not your fault. I locked you in here alone for all those years. Never showing you attention nor love. Why wouldn’t you want to leave or stab a dinner utensil through my hand? This time it will be different. I will pay you more attention. When we fulfill the prophecy together I hope that it can be an act of love as opposed to, well, you know, rape. Rape is so rude. In the meantime... make yourself at home. Leezar turns and disappears from the room. Belladonna is left all alone. She runs to the window and screams
20) 5) dialog: Very well. Now that Dubris’ finest warriors have left the stronghold, their vulnerability is in your hands. See that they get no closer to me. Poison them as they sleep.
25) 21) dialog: Nice of you to finally join us, mothers. I have prepared the perfect feast for all of the important women in my life.
25) 24) dialog: Mothers, I know you know who Belladonna is, but I don’t believe you REALLY know who she is. And tonight I’ve arranged this meal so that we can all take a step towards learning more about one another.
25) 29) dialog: Why it is bean scoops, wheat toast, and fish fingers. it out on her plate. Belladonna rolls her eyes. LEEZAR (CONT’D) Are you not pleased with my cooking? The other mothers spit out bites of their own. Another Mother enters the room.
25) 31) dialog: Give word. Have my minions given them food poisoning? Have the children of King Tallious been struck with thunderbolts across thyn eyes?!
25) 38) dialog: Thank you, Mother. But I can handle. her myself.
25) 40) dialog: You’ve killed the Golden Order of Knights.
25) 42) dialog: SO there would be no one to stand in our way.
25) 45) dialog: Mind your place. I will fulfill the prophecy and when I control the beast I will control the world. You'd be wise to remember that. Nothing will stand in my way. Certainly not two foolish princes. Mount Dithens is Marteetee’s land. (MORE) (CONTTNUED )
25) 48) dialog: I will contact the mad faggot and make sure he finishes them. Now if it’s not too much to ask may we enjoy this fucking delicious buffet I have prepared? Leezar holds a fish finger up to Belladonna’s lips. EXT. VALLEY OF MOUNT DITHENS — DAY 38 Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney are on their horses making their way through the trees and a strange tribal looking MYSTERIOUS FOREST.
36) 6) dialog: Ta-dal A little game I like to play.
36) 10) dialog: That’s so YOU, Belladonna. And I, transmogrifying my self into your ex-love is so ME. I will win your heart. And the beast you birth will be so destructive that it’s very presence in this world will shift all the power to he who controls the creature. Me. After tomorrow I will be able to give you anything you desire. Leezar looks at her, long and hard as he seethes. He moves to the window and looks out to the MOONS.
36) 11) dialog: What is it that he has that I don’t? Tell me. Be honest. Is it my mothers? Because if it is my mothers, you know that I would chose you over them. To be honest, I will feed them to the dragon upon its birth. How about that?
36) 13) dialog: Be that as it may.... Your body will belong to me.
40) 10) dialog: Where is who?
40) 12) dialog: Belladonna belongs to me now. And tonight I am going to take her virginity under the moons and make her toes curl. Fabious tries with all his might to get free.
40) 13) dialog: (to Julie) Beat him no more. I want him alive to see this ceremony of sorrows.
40) 15) dialog: And then you die.
41) 0) text: In a small wooden boat. Under the mind of new found confidence, Thadeous and Courtney row across a creepy bog. Simon chirps at the head of the boat leading them through the fog. The boat then bumps onto land. The fog clears revealing... LEEZAR'S LAIR a tall.and large castle made of BLACK ROCK, many towers and spires reach into the heavens. There is a gate made of SHRUBBERY surrounding a large WOODEN DOOR. Thadeous sizes up TWO GUARDS that stand at the gate and without hesitation, he takes The Blade of Unicorns and impales them. He kicks the door in. Thadeous, Courtney and Simon enter the door. CAMERA rises to reveal: A MASSIVE LABYRINTH that leads to LEEZAR’S DARK SPIRE.
43) 0) text: Belladonna looks out the window crying... The moons rising. Her door opens and in walks Leezar’s MOTHERS.
45) 9) dialog: I’ve been waiting for this moment, since I was a boy. Belladonna kicks him hard in the nuts. He folds. LEEZAR (CONT’D) Tie her to the alter Mothers and let the canoodling and foreplay begin! Leezar has a seizure of energy. Balls of blue electricity billow in his hands. His power is growing. Thunder rolls. 64 “Your Highness" - Draft 15th April 2009 95. INT. LEEZAR’S ARMORY - MOMENTS LATER 64 A STOCK PILE OF ARMOR AND WEAPONS lay in the dungeon. The team GEARS UP: -FABIOUS finds his SWORD. -ISABEL straps a BOW on her back!
46) 5) dialog: Thank you Julie, Mothers... Tonight, I will usher in the dawning of a new age! Leezar leans over Belladonna. He smells her hair as we reveal THAT RASCAL SIMON watching. INT. LEEZAR’S TOWER/SPIRAL STAIRCASE - NIGHT 66 SIMON swoops down. Fabious offers his arm but the bird has a new friend and it lands on Thadeous’ shoulder.
46) 20) dialog: 
46) 22) dialog: Gods, it tastes terrible! What’s in this?
46) 24) dialog: Ah yes! I thought I tasted scabs. So I really just drink this all at once, huh? Fabious, Thadeous, Isabel and Courtney appear along the back wall, in the shadows. Fabious spots BELLADONNA. -Leezar DRINKS THE LAST OF THE POTION! -The TWO MOONS ALIGN OVER HEAD! (CONT TNIUED 1)
46) 29) dialog: You're too late, the ceremony has begun. Belladonna is MINE now! Fools, GET THEM! Leezar shoots bolts of electricity at the heroes. They deflect them with their shields. Boremont steps forward twirling his sword.
46) 31) dialog: It is all happening as planned. You, Me, the moons, your close friends being slaughtered below. (CONTTNUED )
46) 34) dialog: Infernal beast! Mothers HELP! -In a swashbuckling swordfight, BOREMONT knocks the Sword from Fabious’ hand. Fabious kicks Boremont’s sword away and they fist fight!
46) 39) dialog: 
46) 52) dialog: I will teach you to love me! He raises his hand rip her blouse open when-- A HAND grabs his neck. Leezar turns around to find: FABIOUS, who swings his sword and drives it into Leezar’s heart. He GASPS! Fabious pulls the blade out and in one swift slash cuts the binds that hold Belladonna to the altar. Leezar starts laughing as his wound instantly heals. LEEZAR (CONT’D) You fool...don’t you remember. I can't be killed by an ordinary blade. There is only one way-! Leezar turns to see Thadeous terrible, but dramatically swinging the Blade of the Unicorn... wind blows through his hair.
46) 53) dialog: Oh, fuck. This is Thadeous’ moment. He charges Leezar. Leezar sends out bolts of magic but Thadeous who has still learned nothing is blindly swing his sword and deflecting each bolt. And then--THWIP! Thadeous drives the sword deep into Leezar’s heart. This time he bleeds. This time it does not heal. Leezar’s face looks up to the two MOONS PASSING... the union broken. He looks back to Fabious... Belladonna by his side. (CONTTNUED )
46) 56) dialog: Just a quick fuck! Will you not even grant me that!? Blood everywhere. Thadeous pulls his blade out. Leezar drops to his knees. Belladonna steps up to him. He smiles a bloody grin. She leans in close, and then PUSHES LEEZAR OVER knocking him off the alter. Leezar stumbles to the chamber floor below. Isabel, and Courtney approach... Just as collapses next to them. Isabel looks up. Thadeous looks up. Fabious, and Belladonna stand together under the light of the Two Moons above that are moving beyond each other. Belladonna and Fabious make out. Thadeous looks to Isabel who sharpens her blade. Thadeous looks away. Isabel watches him out of the corner of her eye. Fabious takes a moment...
46) 58) dialog: What’s happening to me? Something’s wrong... Everyone turns to see: LEEZAR, his broken body alive.
46) 59) dialog: What have you done?! The moons have passed...this seed should not still be in me... Leezar manages to stand, his whole body looking bloated as it now undulates like a walking water bed. LEEZAR (CONT’D) Please... I need helogGULFFG! Leezar VOMITS and at the same time his doughy body inflates around the middle and he involuntarily convulses into a SQUAT. His face goes RED as he grits his teeth and pulls down his pants.
46) 64) dialog: (drooling) Mistakes were made... Leezar stumbles along slowly. Just then, THE EGG begins to shake, a hairline crack zigzagging across it. The egg splits open, and out pops: A_SLIPPERY DEFORMED DRAGON FETUS, the half formed DARK SEED. It’s the size of a large dog, and is all fucked up, not being properly harvested, and is literally one of the grossest things ever seen, but somehow kind of cute. It SCREECHES and FLOPS AROUND, its malformed wings flapping.
46) 65) dialog: Hell is empty and the devils are all here!!! Leezar stumbles in front of the beast. It SHRIEKS AND climbs up Leezar’s body. It sticks its toothy asshole over Leezar’s head and engulfs it. His face can be seen screaming through its dripping translucent skin. Leezar’s head explodes inside the fetus. The dragon then turns toward our heroes, opens its jaws and--THWICK! The SPIKE Isabel tore from Clawdaddy rips through the creature’s wings. Pinning it to the floor SHRIEKING. Thadeous approaches the trapped Creature.