14) 32) dialog: We join our son in his decent into darkness and his rise to power! The WITCHES begin shooting BOLTS of ELECTRICITY at Fabious and the rest of the Knights, sending them flying into the air spinning. Fabious is knocked unconscious. The crowd goes nuts, screaming and running, total mayhem! In the midst of it all, LEEZAR SNATCHES BELLADONNA.
25) 22) dialog: We are eager to witness your consecration. Leezar combs Belladonna’s hair and smells her.
25) 27) dialog: Soon the prophecy of our council will be fulfilled and darkness shall return to the land as it did one thousand years ago. chews her food with distaste.
25) 28) dialog: Leezar?! What is this rubbish you have set before us?
25) 30) dialog: Aye, Mothers! We've received word from the Minstrel Julie. A devilish smile creeps across Leezar’s face.
25) 32) dialog: They are still alive. Julie said they tracked them as far as the Valley of Mount Dithens.
25) 33) dialog: You fool. You should have killed the Sons of Tallious when you had the chance! Belladonna spits the gag out of her mouth.
25) 39) dialog: We’ve gone to great lengths to ensure that nothing would stand in the way. Your grandfather Josh failed a hundred years ago. Foiled by the Golden Order of Knights. And what have we done for you?
25) 41) dialog: We tracked down the blood line of the order and delivered each of them to their doom. And why did we do this?
25) 43) dialog: So there’d be no one to stand in our way.
25) 44) dialog: So why is there now someone standing in the way! Leezar snatches his staff and holds it up... ready to attack. Blue bolts of electricity singe around the Mother’s fingers. They lock eyes. Leezar calms and lowers his wand. Belladonna is spooked at the domestic quarrel.
39) 29) dialog: As a fool, you shall fail harder than even the lowest of your expectations!
40) 18) dialog: Indeed you are my son. Leezar, your eyes will glow and I will find my smile in the moment of your destiny. Leezar exits with a MARCH OF PRIDE. Julie turns to Fabious and giggles. The crescent moons shining through the window upon his broken face.
43) 0) text: Belladonna looks out the window crying... The moons rising. Her door opens and in walks Leezar’s MOTHERS.
43) 1) dialog: Leezar would like you to put on one of these. He said you may choose. She looks at what they’ve brought in. The trashiest lingerie ever made.
46) 23) dialog: Pixie’s tears, eye of black witch, scab of ogres three...
46) 46) dialog: Your test is yet to come. Upon my death, I infest you with curses. The Mother raises her hand and sends a burning glow to Isabel’s weapons. She drops them. Isabel quickly pulls a dagger from her boot and whips it at the witch’s face. It sticks in her eye.