1) 0) text: A doughy face is red with strain. His veins bulging. His eyes shut tight... Pull out to reveal -- PRINCE THADEOUS (30) is taking a huge rip from a-hookah being held up by THREE ELVES.
1) 2) dialog: Gods be DAMNED! He exhales and coughs like a mad man. THADEOUS (CONT’D) I’m ready for anything now! The elves all laugh and high five the Prince.
1) 6) dialog: ..+.The Duel?
2) 0) text: Thadeous pokes his head out of his blue tent. Standing across the field in front of a red tent is the elf, JONATHAN TUMBLEBOTTOM. Next to him, BIG BEATRICE and a clan of little elves. Thadeous whispers to Courtney...
2) 1) dialog: Shit. Can’t do it. I’m too high. I can’t use a sword right now. I’m bound to hurt someone. Probably myself. Song, Courtney. Sing something to get me in the zone. Courtney strums his LYRE. Thadeous closes his eyes.
2) 3) dialog: Enough. I hate that song.
2) 5) dialog: Beatrice, look at him. He’s an elf and an asshole. (MORE )
2) 8) dialog: Is this really what you want? His love and sexuality rather than mine? Must we commit murder to decide your fate? Beatrice shrugs. Tumblebottom smiles.
2) 10) dialog: How dare YOU, Sir! Thadeous grabs his own sword.
2) 11) dialog: So we both have our hands on our swords now. There’s no turning back once these blades are drawn. They begin to circle each other.
2) 13) dialog: I hope you enjoy bleeding as well. Because that is getting ready to happen to you! If the sword fight happens. Thadeous grips his sword and then...
2) 14) dialog: Fuck this! I am a powerful and beautiful prince! MINSTREL COURTNEY! Fight him and prove your commitment to this kingdom. COURTNEY, Thadeous’ loyal and little minstrel, shifts nervously as all eyes turn to him.
2) 18) dialog: 
2) 24) dialog: You can take him. You must. The reputation of my manhood is depending on you. Is The Beatrice looking at me? BIG BEATRICE is eating a TURKEY LEG and pays no attention.
2) 26) dialog: Harlot. Go on then, murder him.
2) 33) dialog: Ah, fuck me.
3) 0) text: A beautiful CASTLE sits high above THE KINGDOM OF DUBRIS. A GROUP OF BAD ASS KNIGHTS in shining armor ride into the kingdom atop their THUNDERING STEEDS, their SERVANTS and MINSTRELS in tow kicking up dust clouds. INT. THE GREAT HALL — DAY 6 Thadeous stares at his father as he is reprimanded. Courtney stands behind him looking a little beat up. KING TALLIOUS is a kind, weathered king who sits on his THRONE. His ADVISORS stand about.
3) 4) dialog: Why must I greet my brother, and bow to him because of a silly quest? Whenever I do extraordinary things that deserve a nut sucking nobody puts out rose petals or turkey feathers for me to prance upon.
3) 6) dialog: And I've been doing things that I do to be done as well!
3) 8) dialog: Courtney, tell him the admirable accomplishments of my day.
3) 11) dialog: -I evacuated a band of heathens in the valley that were threatening our women and children by distributing mind altering substances. They were breathing on me and exuding a stench most foul!
3) 18) dialog: Yes, all right, please stop that. Fabious smiles proudly, still holding Thad with one arm, unrelenting even as Thad tries to slide free.
3) 25) dialog: Look, it’s dripping all over the marble. That’s disgusting. The King pays no attention to Thadeous and embraces Fabious.
4) 0) text: A FEAST is served. The Royal Family sits at a table along with Boremont. Julie, Courtney and other SERVANTS hustle about as The BAND PLAYS. Fabious recounts his tale for all. Thadeous watches Belladonna who’s eating with her hands. (CONTTNUED )
4) 4) dialog: Ew, not that disgusting fucker!
4) 8) dialog: Leezar? Who is that?
4) 19) dialog: So that would explain why she’s wearing that dress?
4) 21) dialog: Uh, it’s, well to be perfectly honest with you--
4) 28) dialog: Here, here, here, here! Attentions please! My turn, now. Shut up please. Courtney, if you would? Everyone keeps their goblets up. Courtney begins a rising tune on his lyre as Thadeous prepares himself.
4) 29) dialog: I have a gift for the two lovers that I have orchestrated. Behold! MUSIC KICKS IN AS FIVE ASIAN ACROBATS come flipping into the room, followed by a man dressed up like a baby being chased by a man in a LION COSTUME. The lion picks up Belladonna and confuses her as he tries to dance with her. Thadeous steps out with a whip to dance and tame as the ringmaster of the performance. A random, yet somehow impressive spectacle. The Acrobats swarm the guest and paw at them like “Cirque Du Soleil” meets “Cats”. The big baby chases a frightened Belladonna around the stage.
4) 34) dialog: (proud) Magical entertainments! They’re our dancing slaves. Even the big baby! I bought them for the kingdom. My gift to you all!!
4) 36) dialog: If you must know, I DIDN'T pay for them. I TRADED some of our shittier villages to the South. King Tallious chokes on his WINE.
4) 39) dialog: Oh shut up, Fabious! Always kissing father’s ass. (MORE)
4) 42) dialog: No one cares what I do! I’m just as good a son and as you are and you know it!
4) 44) dialog: Oh boring! I refuse.
4) 47) dialog: I’m sorry for saying mean things and big-baby is sorry for making you fall upon the cake.
4) 50) dialog: Courtney gather my things, I am done eating dinner with these people! Thadeous dramatically gets up from the table.
4) 53) dialog: That hurt, King!
5) 0) text: The doors slam open, and Thadeous enters. He grabs a sword down from a wall of WEAPONS and torture devises. He holds. the sword out as if to stop an invisible foe. He begins FLAILING THE SWORD THROUGH THE AIR. He sucks at this. Eyes closed, swinging wildly with no control.
5) 1) dialog: Take that, and shove it into your bruce and beans! I’1l show you. I am Thadeous, the greatest sword fighting man to ever live. You will be deceased! - Now do you respect me, father? He begins lunging the sword. Right then he hears:
5) 4) dialog: GET OFF OF ME! GODS! I know how to use a sword!
5) 8) dialog: You’re wrinkling my clothes! I can Manage on my own. Just then Simon flies into the room and perches on the window sill. Thadeous steams and points at Simon. THADEOUS (CONT’D) No way. Simon, get out of here. I don’t want him in here, Fabious!
5) 10) dialog: Cross?! Why would I be cross? I mean besides the fact that everyone in the kingdom adores you and loathes me. You’re a perfect brother and a perfect prince and you'll be the perfect king one day. A fine King indeed... But what of me?
5) 12) dialog: But I want to be KING! Fabious grabs Thadeous’ hand and holds it in the air.
5) 14) dialog: NO! I want to be King by myself.
5) 19) dialog: Best Man?
5) 21) dialog: Of course she does. Does she even know what a wedding is?
5) 23) dialog: Sounds tedious and boring, but if I’m not mistaken it is a tradition that the Best Man is permitted to lay with the Bridesmaids... Plural. Perhaps I can move some things in my schedule around and make time for this chore. Fabious hugs his brother tight. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Here we go with the hugging again. I don’t understand how you can be so nice all of the time. You've just got back from a long quest. Don’t you ever get knackered or cranky for God’s sake? EXT. ROYAL COURTYARD/ FABIOUS’ WEDDING - DAY 9 Under a blizzard of flower pedals sprinkled from the castles highest spires the royal wedding of Fabious and Belladonna is set to go. INT. THADEOUS’ BEDCHAMBER - DAY 10 Thadeous is dressed elegantly. He sets his powdered wig and grooms himself in the mirror. Posturing. Satisfied. (CONTTNUED )
5) 26) dialog: Hello there, Best Man. With a wink, he departs... Ready.
6) 0) text: Thadeous walks down a hall with his chin held high. He passes a DRESSING ROOM where he hears laughter. SEVERAL KNIGHTS are getting dressed. One Knight, SIR BOREMONT, vents to them.
7) 0) text: Thadeous storms away from the castle. He huffs and puffs. He’s pissed. TWO BOYS run past play sword fighting.
7) 5) dialog: That’s enough of that, you infants! He throws the swords on the ground and then begins crying. The boys just look at him weird. Thadeous becomes self conscious and runs away. Courtney chases after him.
9) 0) text: Thadeous throws open the door of the little working class elves. Tumblebottom and his friends are working on some experiments in what looks to be a medieval drug lab.
9) 1) dialog: Tumblebottom. I must inquire as to what we were smoking on the day of our deadly duel! Tumblebottom turns around with a brick of gorgeous ganja. He winks at the Prince who gives a proper courtsey. MOMENTS LATER... Thadeous and his new friends are hitting the wizard’s weed and complaining about life in general. Courtney behind him munching on some snacks. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Father throws this huge wedding for Fabious and what does he get me? Nothing. He can love him more but he should treat us as equals monetarily. He should buy me a magical steed or a Viking ship. Something. (CONTTNIUED )
9) 6) dialog: No. I have decided NOT to attend. I’1l remain hidden here with my new friends and let them worry about me. Thadeous takes a big hit. EXT. ROYAL COURTYARD/FABIOUS’ WEDDING - DAY 15 The royal party stands on a golden stage. King Tallious and Fabious confer as the ceremony waits.
10) 0) text: Thadeous and the elves are playing a drinking game and cracking each other up. Shot after shot. They dance in merriment.
10) 3) dialog: So... I don’t get it. What’s the difference between dwarves, elves, trolls, midgets and Leprechauns? The question is a buzzkill. Everyone stops and stares. at Thadeous like he crossed the line.
13) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney are eating a feast with the elves. He is coming down off his drunken high. Thadeous stomps around their small cabin breaking things.
13) 1) dialog: Ever since Mother died, I’ve gotten the short end up the royal shasta! Aye! My father refuses to see the good in me. Instead, he looks to Fabious: the laziest, drunkest, most disrepectful, arrogant, cockheadedest, prick ANY royal kingdom has EVER seen... I mean really, WHAT IN THE FUCK?! Thadeous collapses in devastated frustration. Tumblebottom consoles him.
16) 0) text: Thadeous enters the castle, bleary-eyed and buzzed. Instantly he sees that the vibe is not good. Injured people lay everywhere, the place is in ruins. SERVANTS tend to the King who’s bruised and battered.
16) 1) dialog: No one get up. I’m just going to my chambers. Very tired. Fabious sees his brother and runs to him.
16) 3) dialog: Uh, you got married? Congrats. I was going to come but had some things pop up last minute.
16) 8) dialog: Uh...I don’t know who would have said that but their words are lies. Me and Courtney were, uh, we were, Courtney what were we doing? Courtney coughs. Julie appears in the doorway holding a scroll.
16) 21) dialog: Perhaps could I think as well? The White Wizard pays him no mind as he sits Indian Style in the middle of the hall. The White Wizard He licks his lips and inhales deeply and then exhales a huge smoke bubble. The whole court waits on his breath. They all look at him. Waiting...waiting...his eyes close. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Is he sleeping?
16) 28) dialog: He wants to fuck her so he can make a dragon? Eww.
16) 30) dialog: That is so disgusting. Imagine how gross that would look. Her. legs spread and a baby dragon all slime and blood covered with claws and wings and shit come squeezing out. Fabious can’t bear the thought of it. He pukes. Thadeous jumps out of the way.
16) 44) dialog: And I will wish you good luck, brother. It was nice to have you back, as short as the visit was. We will look forward to the next time. Goodbye. Get lost. Thadeous raises a fist. The crowd is awkwardly silent. King Tallious glares at Thadeous.
16) 48) dialog: Not interested. You want me to go on a quest let’s start with something easy, like finding treasure or beating off in front of a pegasus. Beginner’s shit.
16) 50) dialog: What if I run away right now and hide and you can’t find me? What would happen then?
17) 13) dialog: You see Courtney. I alone understand how to properly prepare for an adventure. Comfortable garments, soft pillows to lay upon. How much booze did we bring?
17) 15) dialog: Hopefully this journey will not be too stressful or boring. Either way, I'd prefer to be wasted the entire time if no one objects. And how is Steven doing? Courtney looks to a large fancy pillow where STEVEN, A FAT GILA MONSTER, sits.
17) 17) dialog: Fabious has Simon, and now I have Steven. A far superior creature companion wouldn’t you agree? Steven just sits there motionless.
17) 19) dialog: I smell something gross? Did you break wind?
18) 0) text: Camp is being set up for the evening in a forest of STATUE RUINS from an ancient time. Courtney cleans stains out of Thadeous’ Carriage. Steven sits tied to a tree. The Guardian Warriors finish building a fire. Thadeous comes out of a large tent with a BOTTLE OF BOOZE.
18) 3) dialog: Here thee all brave knights who stand before me. I propose a toast, let us drink until thine asses are drunk! He gulps from the bottle and hands it to Manious.
18) 5) dialog: This is the finest Goat’s piss that shall ever touch your lips. What are you a flat cock?
18) 7) dialog: Pfft. Code? How about MY code? Where we all drink like shepherds and get shitfaced.
18) 14) dialog: I think I’1l pass.
20) 7) dialog: I can’t believe you made me do that! Leave me alone! Thadeous comes storming inside, the front of his wardrobe splattered with puke stains. Fabious follows.
20) 9) dialog: I puked all over myself in front of your stupid friends! Just then Courtney, wheezing from running, bursts in. (CONTTNURD 1)
21) 0) text: Courtney leads Thadeous and Fabious through forest.
21) 5) dialog: Oh fuck! My eyes!!!
21) 7) dialog: Courtney, murder him for me! Without hesitation Courtney DARTS OFF LIKE A CHEETAH. Julie seems to have a good lead until he glances over his shoulder and spots Courtney. BAM! COURTNEY TACKLES JULIE and the two fight in some hand to hand combat. Fabious and Thadeous move BLINDLY through the woods behind them.
21) 11) dialog: I'm right here.
21) 14) dialog: Kill him!!!
21) 16) dialog: Julie, doesn’t have a dick!
21) 19) dialog: I’m running ‘on an upset stomach! 32 "Your Highness" - Draft 15th April 2009 42.
22) 0) text: Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney run into the large tent.
22) 3) dialog: That THING is a traitor and a disgusting Eunuch!
23) 0) text: With a RIP, Fabious emerges from the tent. He wastes no time taking advantage of the situation by KICKING the shit out of and STABBING every crawling lump under the canvas. Thadeous and Courtney get out and follow suit.
23) 1) dialog: They were going to KILL US!
23) 3) dialog: I don't like riding on horses fast. Especially while being pursued.
23) 5) dialog: We'll have to think of another way to escape. (CONT TNURED )
24) 2) dialog: I’m not looking. I’m just going to keep my eyes closed and pretend that none of this is happening! Fab looks over his shoulder and spots The BROTHERS MEIN coming up fast. The brothers split up to take Fabious horse from both sides.
24) 4) dialog: The Brothers Mein draw their swords and narrow the distance. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Oh shit. Fabious leaps from his horse and dives onto one of the approaching Mein’s horse. He knocks the sword out of the man’s hand, punches him in the face and then tosses him off the horse and gains control.. Thad is holding the reins of the horse and screaming bloody murder.
24) 8) dialog: Uh, what are we doing, brother?
24) 10) dialog: Can we pull over, I may throw up again. Boremont rides up to Julie and halts his horse.
25) 0) text: Fabious, Thadeous, and Courtney have stopped in a swamp to water their horses.
25) 1) dialog: These turn of events have thrown us entirely off course. We have no idea where we are! We'll never get to Muldiss Darton without the protection of guardians... And I have no carriage! Fabious turns, full of passion.
25) 3) dialog: No way! Quest cancelled. This has become dangerous! I promise you’1l rescue more ladies in your life. Let’s go home and test to see if you still miss Belladonna. Just then that FAMILIAR SQUAWKING... SIMON THE MECHANICAL CROW flies on to a nearby branch. Fabious looks to him.
25) 5) dialog: Oh fuck! Courtney and Fabious spin around--
25) 9) dialog: I left goddamn Steven back at camp.
25) 11) dialog: He’s my loyal animal companion. He’s just as important to ME as Simon is to YOU! But I guess I’11 never see him again!
25) 13) dialog: No, fuck it. It’s over. Simon CAWS. Thadeous eyes him. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Perhaps it is only fair since my animal companion is gone, you should get rid of yours too.
25) 15) dialog: I'll get rid of Courtney. I'11 push him into that quicksand right now if it means fair is fair.
25) 49) dialog: (singing) Not even fatigue could dampen the raging fire of revenge. Thadeous wished for the traitors lives to end... He swore he would... uh, I’m drawing a blank.
25) 51) dialog: No. Something bolder. He swore he would slash their faces with cuts from his sword! Fabious who's been listening the whole time begins to sing without even looking back at them.
25) 53) dialog: That, Courtney. Write that down. That’s what brave Prince Thadeous swore to do. Not bad Brother. Not bad at all.
25) 58) dialog: Whoa! Who the hell is that? The beauty smiles and summons him with her finger. She turns and disappears behind some trees. Thadeous climbs off his horse to follow her.
25) 60) dialog: She might be in distress and need my help.
25) 62) dialog: Trust me. I'll make it quick! Thadeous struts into the woods and disappears. Fabious sighs and turns to Courtney.
25) 65) dialog: Oh shit!!! Thadeous comes running back out full speed. He’s crying.
25) 66) dialog: Run!!! Suddenly, from around the same corner steps the Vixen and TEN OTHER PALE BLONDE TOPLESS BEAUTIES like her. They approach Thadeous with violent looking primitive weapons.
25) 71) dialog: Eww. What do we do?
25) 73) dialog: I've had enough of your codes! Punch them in the face! THWICK-- A dart sticks in Thadeous’ neck. A PALE AMAZON WOMAN sends a dart flying into Courtney’s neck. Then another hits Fabious. All three look to each other.
26) 0) text: Fabious awakens slowly. Thadeous and Courtney are beside him in a DARK CELL alive with FIVE OTHER PRISONERS.
26) 2) dialog: Are we dead? A HOODED PRISONER steps from the shadows.
26) 7) dialog: What’s he going on about? Sounds like a chamber maid on her period.
26) 14) dialog: What the fuck is Marteetee? Up on the balcony:
26) 18) dialog: Oh shit, I don’t like this a bit!
26) 20) dialog: Of course!
26) 24) dialog: I will... keep doing quest. A blade is thrown at Thadeous. With lighting fast speed, Fabious pushes Thad out of the way and snatches the blade. He jumps into the center of the arena. Dastardly bumps and grinds and feeds the crowd kisses. Marteetee blows kisses right back and drinks a goblet of wine. Without skipping a beat, Fabious maneuvers weaponless, trying to find his entrance to the fight as Dastardly dances and tosses his long hair around. Fabious makes a graceful rampage approach as he runs and leaps off a rock, tumbles on the ground, uses his leg to sweep the leg out from under Dastardly. He quickly grabs one of his swords and gets to his feet. Dastardly finds his stance as well and the fight is on. As the even match continues, we see why he is the warrior and hero called upon for a lifetime of adventure. - When Dastardly falls with a blade through his heart... Fabious raises his arms in bloodthirsty victory. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Oh Gods... I can’t breathe. That was insane. Where did you learn how to do that? Fabious spits. The crowd hushes. Marteetee stirs...
26) 29) dialog: Observe this unsightly freak. I will gouge him with my finger and show that true bravery runs in our family. In an instant, as its legs and head remain still, the torso of the monster turns 180 degrees to reveal the alter-ego of this two faced beast: Hideous and far more sinister features... Thadeous and Courtney scream bloody murder as they run for it. Nipple-Eye comes at them quick... Fabious tries to keep up but loses his footing, and jumps to the left just as Nipple-Eye pierces the Skinny Prisoner with the reveal of its switchblade bone arm. The CROWD CHEERS and bangs on their bars COURTNEY AND THADEOUS run to the far side of the cave... THADEOUS (CONT’D) Drop back! The slowest one gets eaten. Make the sacrifice, Courtney!
26) 31) dialog: Fabious, quick, do more of that fighting! Nipple-eye corners Fabious... Fabious freezes. The beast slinks back... then it opens its jaw. A very long TONGUE ejects from within. The tongue shoots out of Nipple-Eye’s mouth and slaps the sword out of Fabious’ hand, before he can move the tongue wraps around his neck! Fabious fights and plays tug-of-war with the tongue, as Nipple Eye tries to pull him within reach. Marteetee and the crowd CHEER!
26) 35) dialog: I can’t-- I
26) 44) dialog: No, no. We killed the last one, we did our share. It’s that asshole’s turn to fight now. Nipple Eye turns from The Prisoner and ROARS at them. It rears back about to charge the royal brothers when- The Hooded Prisoner jumps onto the creature’s back. GREEN BLOOD pours out as the warrior drills the sword into the back of the monster’s vulnerable neck tissue. The monster drops in a fit of spasms. Dead. The mysterious warrior cuts off a SIX INCH SPIKE that grows on the beast’s back and holds it up in victory. Marteetee throws a tantrum in the stands.
26) 50) dialog: She's incredible.
26) 52) dialog: She seems to be doing fine on her own. Nipple Eye SPRINGS BACK TO LIFE! It screams as it rises for the attack again! Thadeous screams as he sees the massive bone blade swinging his way, hot on his ass! It flails around in seizure, crashing right into the holding cells of the prisoners. The weight of his massive frame CRUSHES the small structures, FREEING THE PRISONERS. Nipple-Eye ricochets toward the balcony and knocks over a support post. The balcony collapses on top of the beast, spilling Marteetee onto the arena floor. He screams like a bitch as his escaped captives devour him.
27) 0) text: The gang, now armed, comes running out of the woods, to a clearing by a waterfall. They catch their breath. Thadeous and Isabel circle each other.
27) 2) dialog: Wench, who do you think you are? You can’t speak to me that way. Courtney, tell her who I am! Courtney steps forward and sings:
27) 7) dialog: (to Isabel) Listen here, Amazon. We must get one thing straight, I am not to be talked down to. So speak to me with that foul tongue again, and I'll- In one swift move, Isabel GRABS THADEOUS’ DICK.
27) 13) dialog: Adventurous slut.
28) 0) text: Our Heroes have geared up and are ready for the next leg of the adventure. Isabel gathers her things. Fabious and Thadeous both look at her. Fabious nods for Thadeous to speak to her. Thadeous loses his nerve and shakes his head “No”
28) 3) dialog: What a coincidence! We too are on a most important quest and we need your help. Can you guide us to Muldiss Darton?
28) 8) dialog: Not soiled, merely--
28) 12) dialog: Well, okay. Now then, despite the foul way in which you have spoken to me, my brother and I will ensure that you will have nothing to fear while you travel with us. With our sharp blades we will protect you. Fear not! Isabel looks to Fabious like he’s out of his mind.
28) 14) dialog: But we'll still be looking out for you, more...Because we’re men. (CONTTNURD 1)
30) 2) dialog: Are you singing? Fabious instantly stops singing.
30) 6) dialog: Okay.
31) 0) text: Isabel stalks the forest, stepping quietly with her bow and arrow drawn on the trail of dinner. Up ahead, a movement in the brush. A DEER wanders from the bush. Thadeous comes stomping out of nowhere, swinging his sword recklessly. The deer is startled and runs away.
31) 4) dialog: Hunting. What does it look like I’m doing?
31) 6) dialog: Quiet your tongue, my lass. I come from a long line of swordsmen, and won't be told that I don’t know how to compose myself. Thadeous takes aim on a few reeds, attempting to show his skills. He’s doing his “eyes closed, wild man sword swing” and finishes with a half bow.
31) 8) dialog: I see. He leans close and whispers: THADEOUS (CONT’D) It appears you are now ready to surrender to my temptations?
31) 10) dialog: By all means, Lady warrior, by all means. I’m just trying to loosen up and enjoy myself on the quest. (MORE )
31) 13) dialog: For me half the quest is enjoying the ride. Letting the cards fall where they may. Just taping into the experience.
31) 15) dialog: Come on. As if MY quest is any less important. There’s big shit going on in our quest that you wouldn’t believe. HUGE-- Something SQUISHES under Thadeous foot. He lifts his foot to reveal a The graphic smashed remains of DEAD FAIRY.
31) 16) dialog: Oh, dead fairy, gross. He quickly rubs his foot on the ground like he’s getting dog shit off.
32) 0) text: The camp fire dies down as the remains of a boar are still burning. Thadeous is fast asleep. Isabel sits watch at the perimeter. Fabious looks to the moons up above. Closer than they’ve ever been. Courtney stirs.
33) 0) text: Isabel leads the gang down a well traveled road. Thadeous and Fabious watch Isabel and speak discreetly.
33) 2) dialog: Satisfaction with a capital “S”.
33) 4) dialog: Pleasure burst and boom called upon me no less than five times. As for the lady... she fared even better.
33) 8) dialog: No strings. Almost as if nothing happened at all. Isabel turns around to them. Thadeous instantly goes quiet and awkward.
34) 5) dialog: So... I guess this is it. Guess we're really at the end. Thadeous chuckles to himself nostalgically.
34) 6) dialog: Seems but a moment’s time since we were thrust together in combat. (MORE)
34) 9) dialog: But alas, tis the nature of the quest. He looks back to her saying so much with his eyes.
34) 11) dialog: I will protect him. Is there anything we need to talk about... I mean... where does this leave “us”? Should we get a drink and explore our desires?
34) 13) dialog: Got it. You’re busy. Me too. I have more than enough stuff to be thinking about on our quest too. I'll be fine.
34) 15) dialog: Don’t weep. We will embrace again if the stars align. I believe it to be so.
35) 0) text: Courtney, Fabious, and Thadeous look at a small stable filled with HORSES and HAY.
35) 1) dialog: Tell me you're joking?
35) 5) dialog: 
35) 8) dialog: Listen, dear Fabious. We've been doing this quest YOUR way from the start and where has it gotten us?
35) 10) dialog: Which is why I desire a mead! One beer. (MORE )
35) 13) dialog: If the service is quick, possibly two, but absolutely no more than three. INT. THE HORSE’S PISS - NIGHT 50 Thad, Fab, and Courtney sit at the bar of a dark and seedy pub. They’re wearing HOODS AND CLOAKS, keeping their faces hidden from sight. They look around the bar at the SHADY DARK HEROES that mill about. THE MOODY THIEF who rolls dice at a table all by himself. ZULU WARRIORS, ELVES, BARBARIANS, VIKINGS, IDENTICAL TWIN CLERICS. Every sort of hero from every tale...
35) 19) dialog: Nebbishes, all of them. Especially him.
35) 24) dialog: Oh shit! Shut up!
35) 26) dialog: She's here. They turn around and in walks ISABEL...with SIX BLONDE SHIRTLESS MEN, oils glistening off their ripped muscles and handsome faces.
35) 28) dialog: I’m going to say something.
35) 30) dialog: I’m filled with jealous rage right now and can not be held responsible for my actions. Thadeous gets up and make a beeline for Isabel.
35) 32) dialog: Lady warrior, fancy seeing you here.
35) 36) dialog: We were just out for a swill before our journey tomorrow, when Courtney brought to my attention that you may be in some sort of a rape predicament with these androgynous rat catchers.
35) 38) dialog: Hello Adam, is that woman's hair you wear?
35) 42) dialog: No, mother fucker, we have nothing to do with cheeses!
35) 48) dialog: (ignoring him) Isabel may I speak to you outside for a moment?
35) 50) dialog: Put a fucking shirt on!
35) 52) dialog: Well I may not be able to provide you with that small offering but I can give you this... He pulls out another folded up piece of parchment.
35) 53) dialog: A song, that I wrote... From my heart.
35) 56) dialog: I wrote it after you left and my heart had a hole in it. T’is called: NIGHT WARRIORS. My minstrel Courtney will perform it. He is a trained artiste. Thadeous hands Courtney the lyrics. The Bartender hands him a lyre. Thadeous locks eyes, with Isabel.
35) 57) dialog: Every word, Courtney. Courtney hesitantly strums. The bar goes silent and all eyes turn to our heroes. Thad looks to Isabel and nods.
35) 65) dialog: (singing)
35) 73) dialog: No. See?! I knocked out an elf! Suddenly FIVE ENRAGED LITTLE PEOPLE emerge from a trap door in the floor launching a chain reaction of CHAOS. The entire bar BEGINS FIGHTING. An old school BAR ROOM
35) 78) dialog: Did you not like my poem? Adam swings one last punch, knocking Thadeous down. He collapses on the floor.
35) 82) dialog: Those are simply emotional walls she has built to ease the pain of our departure. Come, let us find The Blade of Unicorns. Let us rescue Belladonna! He stumbles, dizzy, drunk.
35) 85) dialog: On second thought... Maybe we should get a good night’s sleep first. He blacks out.
37) 26) dialog: Is that what you truly think of me, Brother?
38) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney run like the wind. Thadeous stops, turns to Courtney, drops to his knees.
38) 1) dialog: Oh gods, Courtney, what has befallen us? What do we do? Thadeous drops to his knees and screams to the heavens. THADEOUS (CONT’D)
38) 6) dialog: Or maybe it’s some other cave. Both their eyes find the aged wooden sign that reads, ENCHANTED CAVE.
38) 8) dialog: Let us forget we ever saw this place.
38) 10) dialog: Don’t ever say his name in my presence again. You heard what he said about me!
38) 12) dialog: Of course not. But he’s changed. I swear to you. Never have I heard such vulgarities!
38) 14) dialog: (Getting angrier) There was no such insight said by stupid Fabious who is always
38) 19) dialog: FABIOUS who everyone LOVES, and always looks out for me, and has always been there... when I’ve needed him, and... Oh gods, Courtney, you’re right. Oh gods!
38) 21) dialog: You must turn away. I’m having an embarrassing... epiphany. Courtney turns away. With utter dread, Thadeous realizes- THADEOUS (CONT’D)
38) 24) dialog: Shut up! Thadeous stomps around in a circle, torn/frustrated. He then stops and looks to the opening of the Enchanted Cave. A low howl blows from it’s depths. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Fine!
39) 0) text: Thadeous walks into the dark cavern. Fog and large spider webs fill the interior. Courtney stays behind at the entrance holding the broken remains of Simon.
39) 1) dialog: And is the sword just suppose to be sitting in here somewhere?
39) 3) dialog: Well, we’ll find out won’t we. Just then the fog begins to grow thicker. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Courtney? Into the cavern full of jagged rocks. Within the hollow chamber, he hears a faint echoes of familiar voices: (CONTTNIED )
39) 9) dialog: Away with you, child. This is no place for androgenous sprites such as yourself. (pulls up his pants) This is a journeyman’s cavern. For men like me. Prince Thadeous! - BE
39) 12) dialog: How dare you... His hand rearing back to strike the boy, when--
39) 14) dialog: I am Thadeous! (CONTTNUED )
39) 17) dialog: I am Thadeous!
39) 18) dialog: I am Tha-dreous!
39) 19) dialog: Shut up! All the versions of Thadeous laugh at him.
39) 22) dialog: Mother? What great sorcery brings us together? Can this be..?
39) 24) dialog: But the quest for the blade, my brother, his love... the kingdom.
39) 28) dialog: You’re not my mother. He suddenly THROWS A PUNCH! Flinching at the show of force, the Beautiful maiden’s face contorts for impact, instinctively MORPHING back into it’s true form - The face of a LEEZAR MOTHER #1. The gig is up. THADEOUS (CONT’D) You devil wench! (points to himself) You attempt to fool ME? The master of illusion and entertainments!? Leezar’s Mother lashes out at Thadeous.
39) 30) dialog: I will not fail.
39) 32) dialog: Huh-uh! Enraged, Thadeous leans back. Now, with all his might, he PUNCHES THROUGH THE MIRROR... shattering his own reflection. Just then the whole cave begins to rumble. Thadeous covers his ears as knife-like shards of the mirror fall around him. Thadeous looks up stunned. As the smoke and debris settles, there, where the mirror once stood, lies a DOORWAY - Beyond it, a shaft of light streams from within. Collecting himself, he walks through... The gnarled rocks of the cave seem to fall away from this enclave, as the light adorns TREASURES and GOLD from ancient civilizations past. Thadeous is overwhelmed. Walking through the piled wealth, Thadeous’ eyes are suddenly drawn to the wall - The SKULL OF A UNICORN gazes into the beyond, mounted on the top of a sarcophagus. (CONTTNUED )
39) 35) dialog: I ask those who are doubtful to look upon me now! To gaze upon Lord Thadeous and dare speak their ghastly ills! Only a champion would hold the Blade of Unicorn in his hands! - And I, the real Thadeous, is that man!!! Music floods the cavern along with the rainbow light.
40) 0) text: Courtney fixes Simon like a jigsaw puzzle. Simon BLEEPS happily and begins flapping it’s clunky wounded wings. Wavering in the air ERRATICALLY LIKE he’s shit-housed. +.-out of the cave storms Thadeous. He raises the Sword of the Unicorn above his head. The afternoon sun catching the powerful blade just right.
40) 1) dialog: Let’s quest motherfucker. Courtney applauds him proudly. INT. LEEZAR‘S DUNGEON - NIGHT 57 In this TORTURE CHAMBER of sorts, Fabious is chained to the wall with his shirt off and his arms outstretched, Julie whips him and snickers. A GUARD inspects hot coals.
41) 0) text: In a small wooden boat. Under the mind of new found confidence, Thadeous and Courtney row across a creepy bog. Simon chirps at the head of the boat leading them through the fog. The boat then bumps onto land. The fog clears revealing... LEEZAR'S LAIR a tall.and large castle made of BLACK ROCK, many towers and spires reach into the heavens. There is a gate made of SHRUBBERY surrounding a large WOODEN DOOR. Thadeous sizes up TWO GUARDS that stand at the gate and without hesitation, he takes The Blade of Unicorns and impales them. He kicks the door in. Thadeous, Courtney and Simon enter the door. CAMERA rises to reveal: A MASSIVE LABYRINTH that leads to LEEZAR’S DARK SPIRE.
42) 0) text: Thadeous, Courtney and Simon round a corner, Thadeous in an adrenaline fueled hunt. They turn down another corridor with various path options... Becoming a bit disoriented. Simon CAWS. A_LOUD BEASTLY HUFF OF AIR echoes over them and lingers through the maze!!! From the FAR END of the PATH, they hear a loud GROWL. They turn to see a LARGE AND DAUNTING FIGURE. AN UNEARTHLY SHRIEK blasts at them. Out of the shadows charges A MINOTAUR: a man body, with the hideous head of a bull AND HIS DICK HANGING OUT! It RUNS AT THEM COUGHING...
42) 5) dialog: Did you see that?! Did you see it?!
42) 7) dialog: Trying to take a souvenir of the kill. I wish to make a necklace, but this horn is proving to be a bit of a bitch!
44) 0) text: Thadeous and Courtney enter the front gate into a foyer of stone ruins. Thadeous with sword in hand and the MINOTAUR’S DICK as a necklace. He shuts his eyes, and holds out his sword, as if it’s going to direct him. Nothing. THEN, from their left, they hear the loud STOMP OF MARCHING FOOT STEPS. They hide behind STATUES as TEN MASKED MINIONS MARCH BY. After they pass, ONE MINION TURNS AROUND... Thadeous and Courtney freeze as THEY ARE SPOTTED. Whispers turn to NOISE...then in a FLURRY OF BLADES, A MINION in the center turns and cuts the other MINIONS down. Thadeous and Courtney are stunned. The Minion looks up and then rips off its MASK. Stepping forward into the light, we see that it is ISABEL IN THE FLESH!
44) 2) dialog: I know you.
44) 6) dialog: You’re at the end of your quest? I’m at the end of my quest, to save my brother and his bride.
44) 8) dialog: Duh. The hundred year eclipse thing.
44) 10) dialog: Indeed. I say we rescue my brother, stop Leezar from the rape of Belladonna and avenge the death of your family. - And then you and I shall make love.
45) 5) dialog: We came to rescue you!
45) 7) dialog: Yes! Are you surprised?
45) 11) dialog: 
45) 18) dialog: That was impressive, but you should have been there when I fought bravely through the Labyrinth.
45) 20) dialog: Yes.
45) 23) dialog: I know. I killed him. Thadeous holds up the Minotaur dick that hangs from his neck. Fabious nods, impressed.
46) 7) dialog: Tis merely a truce after Courtney had him restored! Simon, what news dos’t thou bring? Simon BEEPS, Thadeous shakes his head.
46) 11) dialog: Fabious you have never asked of me for a single thing. I will stand with you on this night.
46) 13) dialog: Brother...I did not deserve to be your best man. The two fall into one hell of a handshake. Courtney's eyes brimming with tears. Isabel motions to the stairs.
46) 17) dialog: Ready! INT. LEEZAR’S OBSERVATORY - CONTINUOUS 67 The Mothers of the Dark Realm BEGIN CHANTING. Belladonna is strapped down, Leezar grins and rubs himself. Julie stands excited beside Boremont, holding a large TEACUP.
46) 30) dialog: Step aside, you traitor. THADEOUS STEPS UP NEXT TO HIS BROTHER and for the FIRST TIME IN THEIR LIVES, Fabious and Thadeous stand side by side, weapons ready and facing their enemies. THE SONS OF KING TALLIOUS ROAR and charge into battle! Courtney and Isabel joining in. Fabious vs. Boremont Thadeous vs. Julie Isabel and Courtney vs. The 4 Mothers. Belladonna struggles to break free from her straps. Leezar approaches her with sexual hunger. The ceiling of the chamber is open. The TWIN MOONS as ONE illuminating THE ALTAR. Leezar removes his cloak and seductively walks towards her wearing a robe. The light of the moons illuminating his pale frame. He holds his staff up and bolts of lightning shoot from the tip.
46) 63) dialog: Did he just lay a fucking egg?
46) 66) dialog: If there’s one lesson to be learned in this tale it’s to never judge a book by its cover. Sure the second born Prince may seem like a good for nothing, but when put to the test, he pulls through just fine. What if the same be true for this poor creature? Thadeous leans in close to the CREATURE. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Shall we learn nothing?
47) 1) dialog: Courtney I want you to forget none of this. I expect you to have this tale memorized and perhaps choreographed to present to the kingdom upon our return.
47) 4) dialog: You've battled with honor. Why don’t you treat yourself and take rest back at our castle. We have pickles, slaves, and all the herbs you care to smoke.
47) 7) dialog: .+.To remember me.
50) 0) text: Thadeous, Fabious, Belladonna, and Courtney arrive in front of the gates. The gates open revealing... THE ENTIRE KINGDOM assembled, Tallious, front and center. Fabious raises his SWORD above his head. The KINGDOM erupts into CHEERS.
50) 1) dialog: Are they clapping for all of us?
50) 3) dialog: Even me?
51) 0) text: The COURTYARD is decked out once again for a royal wedding. The reception is underway. Fabious and Belladonna dance in front of the crowd and kiss, husband and wife. She dances worse than your average white girl. Courtney, Tumblebottom and the elves spin a choreographed Mime Routine of the Adventure. Thadeous watches proudly next to his father King Tallious.
51) 2) dialog: Well, I'd be remiss if I said I did it alone. Fabious did contribute what he could. Tallious points to Belladonna and Fabious kissing.
51) 4) dialog: Barring that another demented wizard doesn’t kidnap her and then have his head bitten off by a dragon's asshole... I'd say yes. Tallious puts his arm on Thadeous’ shoulder. Thadeous smiles. Finally respect. The moment is well earned. Feeling good. King still has his hand on shoulder. Thadeous still just stands there. No one says anything. Great moment gets a little awkward as we stay just a little too long, until--
51) 5) dialog: I'm going to get another drink. You need anything?
51) 7) dialog: Ah, lady warrior. His eyes are squinted shut. THADEOUS (CONT’D) You came back. And now you want me to pleasure you.
51) 9) dialog: Isabel? Fabious smiles and presents... STEVEN, the fat lizard animal companion that Thadeous and YOU have long since forgotten.
51) 11) dialog: Steven? Fabious puts Steven on Thadeous’ lap. He’s obviously disappointed, but instead of throwing a tantrum, he merely smiles and looks up to Fabious.
51) 12) dialog: Thank you, Fabious. Simon squawks in the corner.
51) 15) dialog: Still doesn’t mean you are allowed in my bedroom, Simon.
51) 17) dialog: Well, Steven, real handy you ended up being. Go sit in the corner while I finish strumming my filthies. Thadeous dumps Steven on the ground. He looks up, and there standing in the flesh is ISABEL. THADEOUS (CONT’D) Oh Jesus!
51) 19) dialog: Oh weird. I was just about to finish thinking of you. The two begin kissing passionately.
51) 21) dialog: And what might that be? She rips open her dress to reveal a STEEL CHASTITY BELT.
51) 23) dialog: What a horribly cruel thing to do!
51) 28) dialog: So in order for me to have sex with you we have to go on another quest and kill some bitch?
51) 30) dialog: Right now?
51) 32) dialog: Lady warrior. Of course I want to come, but we just got home’ and-
51) 34) dialog: Come on. Let’s not fight. Just give me five minutes. That’s all I want... Just to do nothing. She just looks at him. He tries to relax but can’t.
51) 35) dialog: Oh, fuckery. Let’s go! ROLL CREDITS, BITCH.