125) 6) dialog: Little Miss Muffet. Asbury embraces Beth.
125) 8) dialog: Why'd you drag me a U-man, baby?
125) 11) dialog: You quit, or you was quitted?
125) 12) text: No answer from Remy; his jaw clenches hard. That’s answer enough for Asbury; he grins and unlocks his door. ASBURY: (CONT’D) Mi casa, viejo. 81. INT. ASBURY’S LOFT - DAY Asbury pushes his cart and dead body inside, Remy and Bet following. Chinese screens are set up throughout the loft separating it into a maze of smaller areas. Asbury rifles through a wall full of cluttered shelves, filled with cardboard boxes and ripped-off artiforgs.
125) 13) dialog: Thought of you when I tweaked these. He shows Beth a small plastic remote. Off Remy’s stare: ASBURY (CONT’D) Universal remote, U-man. Asbury punches a button on the remote -- Beth’s mouth suddenly opens -- CLICK -- a strange REWIND sound is hear Beth begins talking, clearly not in control of her voice
125) 15) dialog: Vocom auto playback, four hour lapse. A real head-blaster at parties. As Asbury pulls the dead body into his work area, Remy takes a look around at all the artiforgs on the shelves.
125) 17) dialog: You payin’ for yours?
125) 19) dialog: Oh yeah? I’m Robin Hood, U-man. I can lift a valve out some fresh meat, drop that ‘forg in a client half- cost, cash. Asbury reaches into the stomach wound of the dead body an fishes around with his bare hands. He plucks out a metall liver and tosses it on the table, then goes back for more
125) 24) dialog: How’s a vato in the ghetto gonna up- front the Union? Nah, uptown it’s all about the equity. Only equity I care about is hangin’ in your skin.
125) 26) dialog: So that’s how you wanna play it --
125) 28) dialog: Okay. I’m tight with a surgeon gal. She’1l mech up that knee better’n Kenton hisself. Asbury rips out the dead man’s eyeballs and tosses them into a container filled with artiforg eyeballs -- they
125) 49) dialog: (calls out) ‘Lo? My mechie score you up already? No answer. Asbury drops the hose, heads through the Chine screens to investigate. As he arrives in the front hall..
125) 54) text: Asbury’s not sure how to handle this request. As Jake steps into the apartment...
127) 0) text: Beth and Remy approach Asbury’s apartment. The front door is open. Remy shoots Beth a look. INT. ASBURY’S LOFT - DAY The loft looks no different, but Remy’s on edge. He steps in front of Beth and leads her through the Chinese screen an intricate maze of blacks and reds -- Asbury is on a sofa, a hole where his stomach used to be. Blood stains the floor, the couch. Beth gasps at the sigh Hand over her mouth, near tears, Beth approaches her dead friend --
127) 10) dialog: -- whoops, natural babies there... You goin’ alone?
127) 12) dialog: Three blocks down, fifth floor. (beat) Go on, I’1l be stylin’ when you flip back around. Sleep it out here if you need to. Hasta luego. (beat; seemingly to self) Damn, girl's looking on top. Beth can’t help but smile at his posthumous compliment. There’s a long pause; Beth hits FAST-FORWARD. As soon as she hears sound -- PLAY -- ASBURY (CONT’D) ‘Lo? My mechie score you up already? (beat) U-man number two. You boys re-gen like the cancer. (beat) Nah, I been alone all day -- I ain’t seen -- hey, watch the skin -- (beat) The fuck offa those -- get the -- (beat) Gonna ping you fierce now motherf --
127) 14) text: A sudden grunt from Asbury’s throat -- a gurgle -- The SCREAMS start again -- loud, piercing, pained -- Remy punches STOP. He looks to Beth --