8) 6) dialog: .three final letters will be sent. After the thirtieth day of the sixth month of nonpayment, we are legally entitled to retrieve the property -- at our own expense, of course, utilizing our skilled and licensed technicians. But I assure you, this is rare -- only one-point-five percent of all artiforgs are ever repossessed. (beat) You owe this to your family, Mr. Troy. You owe it to yourself. (beat) Now, if you could just sign here...
9) 13) text: Sure you do! He works outside, wears the lung costume. Before Remy can respond, FRANK bursts through the door.
9) 14) dialog: You’re killing me coming in through the front like that. I got guys tryin’ to make sales, you’re out front spooking the clients.
9) 16) dialog: It might make him... reflect. We can’t have reflection. Frank leads Remy away from Ray and back to:
10) 0) text: A gated room set off from the main compound. Hundreds of the lacquered artiforg boxes are stacked all around a familiar iron statue: A black sphere with a lightning bol through it. Remy tosses Frank the box; Frank flips it open. Set insid is the metallic oblong sphere from the kitchen sink. Frank leans over a nearby computer, pecking at the keyboard.
10) 1) dialog: Easy job?
12) 5) dialog: Use the back door, guys -- the back -- But they’re already out through the front, into the pool waiting customers. Frank hangs his head and sighs.
23) 0) text: Frank is on the phone, peering down at the Repo Men milli about on the first floor. Dozens of unboxed artiforgs suddenly drop on the desk in front of him. He jumps back in surprise, then looks up to see Remy and Jake, covered in blood.
23) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ. Don’t you guys wear aprons?
23) 4) dialog: (into phone) Let me cali you right back. Frank hangs up.
23) 6) dialog: But where did you...?
23) 11) dialog: That’s so stupid -- for them. But it’s brilliant for us. (beat; excited) We should make you guys a task force. You go out, take down these nests.
23) 13) dialog: Lump sums. Big jackpots. Very classy.
23) 15) dialog: How about it? I’1l put you with Ray -- he’d be great at mass extractions. Jake looks at Remy. Can’t betray his friend.
23) 21) dialog: The record producer. Half a year past due.
23) 23) dialog: Tax evasion -- IRS tagged his residuals. Every time you hear one of his tunes, the feds get a little richer.
40) 9) dialog: Looking good. Looking real good. Remy’s about as far from good as you can get. An IV drips into his wrist; a machine displays his weak blood pressur
40) 11) dialog: Lookit this guy -- two seconds out of a coma and he’s worried about work.
40) 19) dialog: Faulty shock unit. We got the boys in the shop looking at it right now. Jake and Frank share a look -- Remy notices --
40) 25) dialog: It’s a Jarvik 39. Top of the line --
40) 27) dialog: Ten million beat warranty, it’s got the no-rust valves, the undercoating - Remy starts to pull at the tubes; Jake grabs his hands --
40) 34) dialog: The unit’s already doing the work. ‘All you have to do is sign a few papers and they can put it in and sew you up, better than new. The warranty alone --
40) 36) dialog: Course you’ re not. You’re the top Repo Man in this whole damn town. And you can still gas, grab, and go, but you gotta have a ticker to play the game. Remy looks to Jake, who can barely meet his gaze, then to Frank. Maybe he’s right...
40) 37) dialog: You owe it to your family. You owe it to yourself.
41) 0) text: Remy staggers down the hallway, yanking out tubes and wir as he goes, the Jarvik-39 skittering behind on its tall cart. Jake and Frank jog after Remy --
41) 1) dialog: What? What’d I say?
42) 4) text: Jake and Frank stand in the doorway.
42) 7) dialog: Now you're just being childish. Remy keeps crawling. Jake shakes his head, pained -- nothing he can do. Heads back inside.
43) 0) text: Hours later. Two PARAMEDICS whisk a gurney and patient aw from an ambulance, and the vehiclé moves out -- Revealing Remy, on his stomach, maybe five feet from wher he was six hours ago. Still trying to crawl. Hospital PATIENTS and VISITORS step over Remy, paying him no mind as he gasps and wheezes, barely able to move. Frank sits on a nearby bench, smoking a cigarette. Waitin Remy out.
48) 5) text: Remy stares her down -- then pulls the blanket over his head so he doesn’t have to look at her. INT. FRANK’S OFFICE - DAY
48) 7) dialog: Just the man I wanted to see. Frank tosses Remy a pink assignment sheet. FRANK (CONT’D) I know you're taking a hit on that payment plan, so I saved this one for you. Big commission -- fifteen different ‘forgs.
48) 9) dialog: Probably. And get this -- two overdue. Snitch tracked her to the metal graveyard south of Broxton. Remy nods, tucks the sheet under his arm, and heads out. FRANK (CONT’D) (calling out) Faster the better. Twenty percent commission if you get it here by tomorrow. INT. REMY’S CAR - NIGHT Remy speeds through the night, windows down.
55) 0) text: Jake and Frank stare up at the big board. Remy approaches
55) 1) dialog: There he is. Home run hitter. 42. Remy hands Frank the pink assignment slip and Beth’s folder.
62) 0) text: A younger Frank puts the hard sell on Remy and Jake.
81) 0) text: Remy sits across from a beleaguered looking Frank.
111) 14) dialog: Who reclaimed this organ? Who reclaimed this goddamned organ???
111) 16) dialog: Credit Union clients do not reclaim their own organs.
111) 18) dialog: Customers. Don’t know their goddamned place anymore. We MOVE with a pissed-off Frank back into:
112) 1) dialog: Nothing to worry about, folks. Just a little misunderstanding. Free coffee in the cubicles. Frank pushes past the crowd, moving into:
113) 5) dialog: Can I say something?
113) 7) dialog: How long before you slip up?
113) 9) dialog: And the girl?
113) 11) dialog: Shoulda taken the job as the lung. You look good in that costume.
113) 13) dialog: Yeah, that’s what the kid says, too. (beat) (MORE)
113) 16) dialog: I don’t suppose you’1l wanna stick around for an exit interview? Remy smiles a bit at that -- shakes his head -- Then TASERS Frank into unconsciousness. Remy hauls the top half of the Larry the Lung costume bac on. Time to head back out.
138) 26) dialog: Credit Union number 418 will reopen for business tomorrow morning at ten. A sad groan of disappointment from the masses.
138) 28) dialog: Then show up tomorrow at 5:59.
138) 30) dialog: You just did. The gate CLANGS shut and Frank heads off. Reveal Remy and Beth, hiding in the shadows, as they watc Frank walk away...
139) 0) text: Frank unlocks his car door, sits inside. A moment of confusion as Frank processes the tiny glass shards all ov the car. Some fucking vandal must have broken his window. Suddenly -- WHAM! Frank’s car seat collapses backward -- As Remy pops up from the backseat and JAMS a long metal trachea into Frank’s open mouth. Blood trickles from Frank's lip as he struggles, chipping a tooth --
139) 3) text: Beth on Frank now, wrapping duct tape around his mouth, crudely holding the artiforg windpipe in place. Remy pulls out an artificial lung, clamping it to the trachea. His finger hovers over a tiny black lever. REMY (CONT’D) I flip on this Yoshimoto and dial up deep inhalation mode --
140) 0) text: The gigantic Union sphere and lightning bolt looms on the portico of this state-of-the-art structure. Security cameras sweep the area. Remy and Beth step out from the shadows of the parking lo Remy’s got an unconscious Frank over his shoulder.
140) 5) text: REMY (CONT’D) See? It’s all who you know. Remy drops Frank's body to the floor and heads inside. Beth follows, and the door closes behind them. 102.
142) 6) dialog: This just makes me sad. You know how hard it is to find a good Repo Man? He kicks Remy in the ribs. Frank’s quite pissed. FRANK (CONT’D) A man who can extract all night long and come in the next morning at nine A.M. ready to do it all again?
142) 7) text: Another kick. Remy tries to stand, gets knocked down -- FRANK (CONT’D) A man who, at the end of the day, just doesn’t give a shit about other people?
142) 11) dialog: Let’s wrap this up. I’m a half hour late for my reservation at Le Foie. Jake offers a hand to Remy. Helps him to his feet.
142) 14) dialog: Enough chat, Jake. Jake takes a step toward Remy, who holds his ground.
142) 17) dialog: Jesus Christ! Do your goddamned job, or I’1l do it for you! Jake nods. Knows what he has to do. Remy nods back.
142) 20) dialog: who convulses and drops to the ground.
145) 15) dialog: -which is why I’d recommend the M-5 neural net from Kenton. We’re running a special on it this month, just 18 percent interest for the first year, twenty-four after that. Remy, on his cart, moving away from us now, wheeled down that long hall...
145) 16) dialog: Why should your loved one pass on just because of a little brain damage? That's barbaric. That’s just bad science.
145) 19) dialog: With the new M-5 neural net, the worries of today can be the forgotten woes of yesterday. Imagine your loved ones living the rest of their natural lives in a world where they’re always happy, always content, and always taken care of.
145) 21) dialog: You owe it to your family. You owe it to yourself. The elevator doors close. CuT TO:
145) 23) dialog: Sign your name right there on the dotted line, and we can get started. He places a pen and contract on the table.