1) 1) dialog: When I was on top, I lived in the shadows. I knew how to get in, and when to get out.
2) 0) text: An empty, unfurnished hotel room -- and REMY, buck naked, sitting in the middle, pecking at the typewriter on his lap. His body is thin, wiry. A scar runs down the middle of hi chest. A shotgun is to his right. A scalpel to his left.
2) 1) dialog: I was feared. Respected. Vilified.
2) 3) dialog: Most times, they never saw me coming.
4) 2) dialog: Mr. Smythe? I’m from the Credit Union. Remy steps into the light and fires a taser -- the prongs SLAM into the wall, barely missing the petrified John --
4) 4) dialog: Sorry. That’s not my department. Remy launches the taser again -- it hits the guy’s chest
4) 5) text: 300 volts SIZZLE through his convulsing body. The guy collapses, out cold. Remy’s a blur of motion as he whips out a duffel bag and begins setting up: An expandable lamp. A scalpel. A white apron, tied around his waist and neck. Remy leans in, pushing on the guy’s belly -- And a phone handset WHACKS Remy upside the head. He spins The hooker, terrified, holds the handset like a club.
4) 7) dialog: Ma‘am, there’s no need for violence. She gamely WHACKS him in the head again. HOOKER i I’‘1l call the cops, I swear -- Remy’s 9mm is suddenly in his hand and BLASTING the phone into a million plastic fragments. The hooker is stunned.
4) 8) dialog: Lady, why you gotta bust my balls?
4) 10) dialog: Listen to me. Listen! I’m here to do a job, just like you. Your new pal bought something that he couldn’t pay for, and I’ve come to take it back. Now if he dies, he dies, and that’s a shame, but he should have thought of that before he started paying for blowjobs and stopped paying his bills. Do you understand me? Still scared, she nods.
4) 11) dialog: So let’s be adults about this and let everyone get on with their business. Remy backs away, keeping an eye on her. She’s shaking, barely able to move. He turns back to the guy -- As the hooker SCREAMS and runs at Remy -- Who expertly ZAPS her with a no-look taser blast. She drops. Without missing a beat, Remy lifts the scalpel, picks a spot on the guy’s belly, and SLICES it open. He thrusts h hand into the open wound, and --
5) 0) text: An amorphous blob of blood and tissue is tossed into the sink -- it CLANGS oddly against the basin. Remy, his apro covered in blood, flips on the faucet. He removes a lacquered box from his bag and sets it on th counter. A logo is stamped onto the top: A black circle with a lightning bolt shooting through it. He looks to th sink -- Where the water has begun to wash away the bodily fluids covering the blob. A distinct glitter of metal appears...
5) 5) text: The guy, suddenly terrified, throws his car in reverse a bails out as fast as he can. Remy doesn’t flinch.
6) 2) dialog: The Mall. Disneyland for suckers. Mecca for the meek.
7) 0) text: Remy struts purposefully down the wide corridors. People stream to either side as he passes, afraid to come too close.
7) 1) dialog: For me, it was work. We pass an empty storefront -- the paint faded where the words THE GAP used to be. A banner hangs across the windo
8) 0) text: A long line of customers waits outside this storefront, t words CREDIT UNION #418 emblazoned atop the double doors. That circle-and-arrow logo sparkles in brightly lit neon. HARRY THE HEART, Larry’s cardiac counterpart, jumps rope with his own aorta. CHILDREN laugh at the mascot’s antics Down the line, most customers use crutches, walkers. Some have portable IV bags. A few are wheeled along on hospita gurneys. Everyone waits his turn... Except for Remy. He strolls past the line and gives a nod to the GUARDS manning a metal detector. Remy walks throug Setting off a SCREECHING ALARM. No one seems to care.
8) 1) text: Looks like an insurance office. We MOVE WITH Remy past a line of booths where customers watch slick video presentations.
8) 7) text: Remy’s lips twist contemptuously as he passes by. He win at the sick father, who pales by another two shades.
8) 8) dialog: He signed it. Everyone signs it.
9) 0) text: It’s darker back here, not quite so corporate. Just a few low card tables where scraggly REPO MEN drink their coffe Remy stares up at the far wall, where a huge chalkboard i divided into a chart, the boxes scrawled with names and numbers.
9) 2) dialog: Job’s a job, Ray --
9) 4) dialog: Wasn't fair what you did to that girl on the subway, either.
9) 9) dialog: Talk to Frank.
9) 11) dialog: I don’t even know the kid.
9) 13) text: Sure you do! He works outside, wears the lung costume. Before Remy can respond, FRANK bursts through the door.
9) 15) dialog: Like Joe Asshole gives a crap. Guy needs a new bladder, he’1ll buy a new bladder.
10) 0) text: A gated room set off from the main compound. Hundreds of the lacquered artiforg boxes are stacked all around a familiar iron statue: A black sphere with a lightning bol through it. Remy tosses Frank the box; Frank flips it open. Set insid is the metallic oblong sphere from the kitchen sink. Frank leans over a nearby computer, pecking at the keyboard.
10) 2) dialog: ‘Bout average. Frank hits ENTER, and the computer BEEPS. Job completed. Frank pulls the artiforg out of the lacquered box and tosses it into a bin marked ARTIFORG OUTBOX. They turn to leave --
10) 4) dialog: Jake Frievald kicked my ass in the third grade.
10) 7) text: Young Jake and Young Remy pummel one another with abandon surrounded by a circle of KIDS cheering them on.
10) 8) dialog: Or I kicked his. It doesn’t matter.
11) 0) text: Jake and Remy sit, bloodied, in the waiting area.
11) 1) dialog: We sat there for hours, outside the Principal's office, waiting for our punishment. By the end of the day, we were best friends for life.
12) 0) text: Jake and Remy press their thumbs together as a greeting.
12) 1) dialog: Two livers and a Jarvik.
12) 3) dialog: Gotta tell Carol I’m going.
13) 0) text: Remy and Jake, bloody as all hell, head into a store call ALL THINGS GOOD.
14) 0) text: A quaint country store -- stuffed bears sitting on handma wood tables, a white picket fence snaking through the joi to give it that homey feel. The customers get one look at Remy and Jake’s bloodstaine shirts and quickly file out.
14) 1) text: Remy approaches the back counter where a stern-faced bea stares him down. This is CAROL.
14) 2) dialog: We're gonna head over to Montego, you want me to bring you home some wings?
14) 4) dialog: Peter’s here already?
14) 6) dialog: Right.
14) 11) dialog: Didn’t come up. Listen, I’1l1 help Peter with his homework when I get back. Carol shakes her head, disappointed.
15) 0) text: An abandoned industrial area. Windowless, burned out warehouses line the street. Remy’s car cruises by...
15) 3) text: INT. REMY’S CAR - DRIVING - NIGHT Remy drives, Jake shotgun.
15) 5) dialog: If I could convince Frank.
15) 7) dialog: Hazardous duty, man.
15) 9) dialog: I look some cancer-riddled prick in the eye and say, “you owe it to your family. You owe it to yourself.” Might choke on my own vomit.
15) 11) dialog: Yeah, you tell her. Jake has no answer to that. Looks up ahead, notices a wir chipped tooth ADDICT limping along a chain link fence.
15) 13) dialog: Twenty bucks he’s overdue.
15) 20) dialog: I’1l get drinks. A little further up the road, Remy spots an OBESE man waddling down the sidewalk.
15) 21) dialog: Check out fatty. You know that guy’s organs gave out a long time ago. Jake hits the scanner. -PING! ON THE SCREEN: Kenton pancreatic system M-4* w/ glucose monitor. Account Status: 179 days PAST DUE.
15) 22) dialog: Deadbeat?
15) 24) dialog: Should reclaim him anyway.
15) 26) dialog: Nice night for a walk.
15) 28) dialog: How’s that pancreas holdin’ up? Remy lets his arm dangle out the window. The big guy cloc his sphere-and-lightning-bolts tattoo --
15) 31) dialog: You better hope you did.
15) 33) dialog: Two days, that pancreas is mine. The fat man takes off running as fast as he can.
16) 1) dialog: J. Mulhearn. You think it could be Jamie Mulhearn?
17) 0) text: Reggae Dancehall music plays. Remy and Jake nurse Red Stripe beers. Empties line the table. Remy stares at a pink sheet with a yellow receipt attache
17) 2) dialog: You ever repo anybody you know?
17) 4) dialog: Fuck you, you did not. Jake laughs and takes another sip of his beer.
17) 9) dialog: Yeah. Job’s a job. They press their thumbs together. Down their drinks. INT. REMY ’S CAR - PARKING LOT - NIGHT Remy and Jake sitting in the car, outside the Montego Bay Remy throws the car into reverse and backs out, nearly plowing into a PROSTITUTE walking the parking lot. She slaps the trunk of the car.
17) 12) dialog: Please -- that woman’s been jack- hammered into bubblegum, ain’t even a real. woman anymore.
17) 15) dialog: So my first wife was a hooker. Big fucking deal.
18) 0) text: Bad wallpaper, worse curtains. A price list on the wall over young Remy’s head gives the menu of the day in very graphic detail. MOANS filter in from behind a curtained-o room.
18) 1) dialog: Nineteen years old, on forty-eight hours leave from basic training. What else was there to do? A BELL RINGS -- Remy looks off to the curtained room -- INT. BETH’S ROOM - BROTHEL - NIGHT BETH, blonde and pretty, lies naked on the bed. Remy, nervous as all hell, stands in the doorway.
18) 2) dialog: You're... naked.
18) 7) dialog: It wasn’t my first time, but it wasn’t exactly my third, either. Beth was... slightly more experienced.
18) 8) text: She rolls on top of Remy playfully, moving downtown... INT. BETH’S ROOM - BROTHEL - DAWN
18) 9) dialog: Five hours later, I was in love. Sweat drips off Beth’s body. She’s post-orgasmic.
18) 11) dialog: I wanted to. (beat) Let’s get married.
18) 13) dialog: I dunno, you’re sweet, you're beautiful, you do that... thing... (beat; quieter) And when I’m in Africa, it might be nice to know I’ve got someone at home... to come back to. Beth stares at Remy. He stares back. Standoff. Finally:
18) 15) dialog: I’ve only got three more hours.
19) 0) text: The wedding is in full swing. Remy in tux on one side, Be in white lingerie on the other, a PREACHER in the middle. 15. In lieu of a veil, Beth wears a pair of fishnets on her head. Jake and the soldiers stand in full military dress next t Remy; Beth has five half-dressed PROSTITUTES as bridesmaids. Remy lifts Beth’s fishnets-cum-veil and kisses her -- everyone CHEERS -- there’s another FLASH --
19) 2) dialog: Beth was different.
19) 4) dialog: She was young, she was finding herself. ° JAKE Three thousand Marines were finding her, too. Remy just shakes his head. Steps on the gas and pulls out of there. INT. REMY’S CAR - DRIVING - NIGHT Remy finishes his last Red Stripe beer. Throws the empty into the backseat.
19) 6) dialog: I don’t read those fuckin’ pamphlets.
19) 8) dialog: How do you take it out?
19) 10) dialog: Chainsaw.
19) 15) dialog: Holy shit. Remy slows the car outside a desolate, abandoned building
19) 17) dialog: We got a nest.
22) 0) text: A WIRY MAN is struggling to get out the window when Remy grabs him and throws him back inside like a rag doll. Rem quickly hits him with a taser, taking the fight out of hi
22) 2) dialog: Twelve. Suddenly, the wiry man, twitching on the floor, manages t struggle to his feet and lunges for the window again.
22) 3) dialog: Hey! 17. Remy moves to grab him, but the guy jumps for it. Escapes
22) 5) dialog: Shit. Still beat you. Jake smiles. Takes in the bodies scattered all over the floor. All those overdue artiforgs waiting to be harvested.
22) 6) dialog: (smiling) Let’s get to work. Jake starts filling out yellow repo receipts as Remy pull out his scalpel and kneels over the closest body.
23) 0) text: Frank is on the phone, peering down at the Repo Men milli about on the first floor. Dozens of unboxed artiforgs suddenly drop on the desk in front of him. He jumps back in surprise, then looks up to see Remy and Jake, covered in blood.
23) 3) dialog: We did a little freelance.
23) 7) dialog: We found a nest.
23) 12) dialog: And how do we get paid?
23) 14) dialog: No thanks, I’1l stick to my assignment. Frank turns to Jake, clinging to this new concept.
23) 18) dialog: Nice ‘burb. Who’s the host?
23) 20) dialog: James Todd? Is that Jimmy T-Bone?
23) 22) dialog: But the guy’s gotta be a billionaire.
23) 25) dialog: ‘Cause you gotta have taste.
23) 27) dialog: Uh-huh. He’s the one that did Baby in My Sleeve. Carol and me, that was our song.
23) 29) dialog: That's real nice.
23) 31) dialog: Yeah, okay. T-Bone deserves to get his heart ripped out by someone who appreciates his work. As they exchange pink slips... INT. REMY AND CAROL’S HOUSE - NIGHT Remy enters to find Carol sitting on the couch, beneath a shelf filled with trinkets from her store.
23) 32) dialog: Hey. I got your wings.
23) 34) dialog: Mind if I have ‘em?
23) 36) dialog: (quietly) Hey, remember that song Baby in My Sleeve? Jimmy T-Bone --
23) 42) dialog: Forget it. Remy’s up and out of there.
24) 0) text: Remy carefully cracks the bedroom door, then sneaks into. INT. PETER’S ROOM - NIGHT Remy crosses the darkened room, stands over a sleeping PETER, his 10-year-old son. Runs a finger across his chee Quietly:
24) 1) dialog: Sorry, buddy. Remy turns to leave the room. Peter calls out to him, groggy.
24) 3) dialog: Did you do your report?
24) 8) dialog: I’1l help you finish in the morning.
24) 10) dialog: They were some bad-ass dudes.
24) 12) dialog: Barbaric. Go to sleep. Remy heads for the door.
24) 14) dialog: Because they didn’t have any guns. Goodnight.
24) 17) dialog: Maybe we can skip the homework until later tonight. First let’s go watch the game at Uncle Jake's.
24) 25) dialog: Tell your mother it’s just a barbeque
24) 27) dialog: It’s a night job. Come on, it’1ll be good for the kid to get out. . OFF Carol, unhappy but resigned... EXT. JAKE’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY Remy navigates his way through the crowded backyard, dragging Carol and Peter behind him. Peter’s face is buri in a handheld video game. Jake spots them coming.
24) 35) dialog: Yeah? (beat) No, I’m not home. It’s not a good time. (beat) Christ. Fine, take it to 1450 Greendale. Two minutes. Remy snaps the phone closed. 23.
24) 37) dialog: What? Nothing. I left some equipment at the office. Remy walks quickly to Jake, talks quietly. REMY (CONT’D) Gimme your apron.
24) 39) dialog: I got a mobile coming in. Keep Carol and Peter busy. He takes Jake’s apron and heads out. Jake calls over towa Peter...
24) 43) dialog: I’1l be right back. EXT. JAKE’S HOUSE - FRONT YARD - DAY Remy waits at the curb, Jake’s red and white checkered apron tied around his waist. A taxi cab pulls into the driveway.
24) 57) dialog: Cc’mon, it’s just a kidney... Carol drags Peter into their car and guns the engine. As she drives away.
24) 62) dialog: Yeah. I saw that. Jake throws his arm around Remy.
24) 65) dialog: Every man’s suburban dream.
24) 67) dialog: I’m gonna go do the T-Bone job first. Give her time to calm down. You gonna head over to Jamie Mulhearn’s?
24) 69) dialog: You didn’t do it?
25) 0) text: JIMMY “T-BONE” BONASERA sits behind the mixing board in h home studio, fiddling with various knobs and switches, fi tuning the smooth riff that emanates from the speakers. Remy approaches quietly from behind as T-Bone lifts a via of sparkling red powder, rubbing the substance into his gums .
25) 1) dialog: Nice house. T-Bone turns off the music, but doesn’t turn around. 26.
25) 3) dialog: No.
25) 5) dialog: So am I. T-Bone turns and looks at Remy for the first time. Spots the duffel bag. The defibrillator unit. The tattoo.
25) 7) dialog: Of course. I’m a big fan.
25) 9) dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never made music before.
25) 11) dialog: I can probably do that. As Remy takes a seat behind the mixing board...
25) 15) dialog: The IRS will be thrilled.
25) 17) dialog: It’s done. T-Bone pops out a memory stick; Remy puts it in his duffe
25) 19) dialog: I’m sorry. I really am a big fan.
25) 21) dialog: Easiest if you laid down. T-Bone lies on the floor. He unbuttons his shirt, then pours a little more red powder and rubs it into his gums one last time. His hand shakes a bit as he offers the via to Remy.
25) 23) dialog: I should probably do this straight. He hands T-Bone a pen and a yellow repo receipt. REMY (CONT’D) Do you mind? Less paperwork if I can get the client to sign off before... T-Bone signs his name on the bottom of the receipt, and Remy nods his thanks. He lines up a scalpel, electric saw and a suction unit, then gathers the defibrillator.
25) 25) dialog: It’s a defib unit. Jarvik stops pumping when you jolt it with an electric pulse. Keeps me from losing a finger. Remy flips the defib unit on and it HUMS to life. He twists the dial to 300...
25) 27) dialog: You won’t feel a thing.
25) 29) text: T-Bone closes his eyes. Remy places the shock pads on T- Bone’s chest. Depresses the thumb buttons, and suddenly..
25) 31) dialog: I have been knocked unconscious on three separate occasions.
26) 0) text: Remy sits on a long bench, in military dress. Several soldiers wait alongside him.
26) 1) dialog: First day overseas, my regiment was sent for tests to see how we could best assist the U.S. Military in the African campaign. Muffled BOOMS begin filtering through the walls. At first they’re soft, but they grow louder... boom... Boom... BOO Silence. After a moment, a door opens at the far end of t hall. A NURSE steps out with a clipboard and stares at Remy.
27) 0) text: Big, gleaming white room. Sterile. In the center: Remy, strapped to a metal framework that conforms to his body like a vertical beach chair. A DOCTOR pulls hard on each strap, then slips a pair of goggles with wires coming out of them over Remy’s eyes.
27) 1) dialog: What is this thing?
27) 3) text: The doctor squishes a helmet over Remy’s head.
27) 4) dialog: The what test? But the doctor’s disappeared. Remy turns back, and sudden 29.
28) 0) text: Through a one-way mirror, we can SEE Remy, the chair shaking him around as the BOOMS grow louder. The doctor takes a sip of tea and grabs a baseball bat, wrapped in plastic, from a rack of bats on the wall. The sign above reads STERILE.
29) 0) text: Bat in hand, the doctor re-enters. Remy is still strapped in his chair, grimacing as the virtual explosions intensify. REMY‘S POV - AN ARC OF FIRE coming closer -- a missile heading directly for him, and
29) 2) dialog: That was knockout number one. Moaning. Not erotic one bit. It’s the sound of pain.
30) 0) text: Remy’s eyes flutter open, and he staggers to his feet -- Inside a long recovery room, filled with cots and moaning soldiers, most still out cold. Remy’s the only one standing. The doctor approaches.
31) 0) text: Remy sits in a control chair -- like the one in the concussion test -- at the front of this high-tech tank.
31) 1) dialog: Small brains, big skulls. That’s why Jake and I came out of concussions as fast as we did. Jake sits behind him in the gunner’s chair. A thin panel glass is between them. Remy puts his thumb on one side of the glass, Jake does it on the other --
31) 3) dialog: And that’s why they put us in a tank.
32) 1) dialog: But by the time we finished training, the war was already winding down.
33) 0) text: Remy writes a postcard; Jake plays solitaire. The monitor in their tank shows three enemy soldiers waving frantically, trying to surrender.
33) 1) dialog: It gave me time to write to Beth.
35) 0) text: Remy’s writing yet another letter in back as Jake steers the tank, gleefully targeting rabbits and snakes.
35) 1) dialog: But the more often I wrote, the less I heard back.
36) 1) dialog: And then, one night, it was over.
37) 0) text: Freezing soldiers sitting side-by-side as they make their way back to America. Remy flips through a meager pile of letters.
37) 1) dialog: I hadn’t heard from Beth in two months.
38) 0) text: Remy strolls purposefully through the red-light area.
38) 1) dialog: My plan was to go in there, sweep her off her feet, and take her away from all this mess.
39) 0) text: Remy storms in, past the waiting clients. The familiar MOANS emanate from behind the curtain. Remy storms throug INT. BETH’S ROOM - BROTHEL - NIGHT Two beefy MARINES are servicing the lady on the bed --
39) 1) dialog: Beth, your husband is home! The marines turn -- the girl on the bed sits up -- It’s not Beth. The new prostitute SCREAMS -- The Marines, scowls on their faces, leap out of bed, draw back their fists -- the punches FLY forward --
39) 3) dialog: And that takes care of the second time I was knocked unconscious.
40) 1) text: Remy’s frozen in mid-air, having been shocked by the electric defibrillator paddles. Somewhere, a typewriter
40) 3) dialog: Blackout number three. This time, I was legally dead for twenty minutes. Jimmy T-Bone sits up and sees Remy laid out on the carpet
40) 4) dialog: If T-Bone hadn’t spooked and called the meds, there’d be no more story to tell. The guy grabs for a phone and frantically starts dialing.
40) 5) dialog: Everybody's gotta be a fucking hero. We HOLD on Remy’s blank stare as everything slowly goes.. BLACK.
40) 6) dialog: When I came to, the first thing I saw was... CLEAVAGE. A GREAT SET.
40) 10) dialog: (barely above a whisper) The... client...
40) 15) text: Remy weakly holds out his thumb; Jake presses his against it. Remy looks around the empty room --
40) 16) dialog: Carol...?
40) 18) dialog: I can’t... remember -- what --
40) 20) dialog: What? What is it? Frank nudges Jake; wants him to do the talking.
40) 22) dialog: Sure. Yeah. Take my jobs for a few days... ‘till I get back --
40) 26) dialog: No. No no no -- get it out --
40) 33) dialog: I feel fine -- lemme go --
40) 35) dialog: Don’t you sell me. Don’t you -- I am not a fucking client --
41) 0) text: Remy staggers down the hallway, yanking out tubes and wir as he goes, the Jarvik-39 skittering behind on its tall cart. Jake and Frank jog after Remy --
42) 0) text: The automatic doors open, and Remy, already looking weake struggles out. He leans against the wall of the hospital.
42) 6) dialog: I’m... fine... Remy takes a step -- knees buckling -- breath coming in great heaves -- taking another step, legs shaking -- And he collapses five feet from the hospital doors. Remy struggles to his hands and knees and starts to crawl.
43) 0) text: Hours later. Two PARAMEDICS whisk a gurney and patient aw from an ambulance, and the vehiclé moves out -- Revealing Remy, on his stomach, maybe five feet from wher he was six hours ago. Still trying to crawl. Hospital PATIENTS and VISITORS step over Remy, paying him no mind as he gasps and wheezes, barely able to move. Frank sits on a nearby bench, smoking a cigarette. Waitin Remy out.
43) 3) dialog: I was in the hospital for ten days after they popped in the Jarvik...
43) 4) text: cnagene 36. INT. REMY AND CAROL’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Remy, on shaky legs, shuffles into the darkened house.
43) 5) dialog: Back at home, Carol made sure my every need was taken care of. Carol approaches, holding a pilow and folded blanket.
43) 7) dialog: That’s what they tell me. Carol nods, disappointed. Drops the pillow and blanket on the sofa, then disappears back towards the bedroom. Remy shakes his head, then lies down on the couch and pulls th thin blanket up to his neck.
44) 0) text: Repo Men surround Remy, force-feeding him cake and beer. Harry the Heart is led into the room by a few of the guys
44) 1) dialog: When I got back to the office, the guys threw me a party. Real low key. Harry starts to take off the heart costume -- revealing a FEMALE STRIPPER inside. Cheers go up as the festivities continue.
45) 0) text: Remy, in full repo gear, slips into an apartment building
45) 1) dialog: That night, I was back on the job.
45) 4) dialog: But it wasn’t like before. He sits back, takes a breath, and re-applies the scalpel He shakes again. Harder. His hand won’t stop trembling. H grabs one hand with the other, forcing himself -- Then he runs into the kitchen and pukes in the sink.
46) 0) text: Jake drinking, laughing. The usual. Remy sits beside him, trying to muster up his best fake smile.
46) 1) dialog: Suddenly, everything was different.
46) 3) dialog: I was still swapping stories with Jake about some shmuck and his overdue liver, but now all I could think about was how the host had a name. And a wife. Kids.
47) 0) text: Remy sits in his car, alone. The parking lot is empty.
47) 1) dialog: And how he didn’t deserve to die.
48) 0) text: Remy turns out the light and climbs onto the couch to go sleep. Carol wanders in, several envelopes in her hand.
48) 2) dialog: There’s no mistake. Things are slow.
48) 5) text: Remy stares her down -- then pulls the blanket over his head so he doesn’t have to look at her. INT. FRANK’S OFFICE - DAY
48) 6) dialog: I did my job. It was all I knew. Frank grinds through his paperwork. Remy enters.
48) 8) dialog: Addict?
48) 10) dialog: I didn’t take a long look at the file. Maybe it was the rush job. Maybe deep down I knew.
49) 0) text: Twenty stories of metal and glass reduced to a ten-foot- high mass of rubble. Remy hops a shaky chain-link fence a enters the off-limits area. Shadows move all around him.
49) 1) dialog: The metal graveyard. No one went down there after the earthquake. No one who mattered. Remy lifts his scanner -- PINGING the darkness -- WHOOP! WHOOP! Fifteen different artiforgs, all flashing red, fil the screen.
49) 4) text: Remy finds an opening in the rubble and picks his way in.
50) 0) text: Remy’s flashlight plays over the tight nooks and pathways deep inside the rubble. There’s an entire underground wor down here; HOMELESS folks scatter as Remy passes by. He’s tracking a signal, getting closer. In the distance, soft, almost sweet SONG sings out. It grows louder.
51) 0) text: An open-air space amid all the rubble. A group of cellar- dwellers have set up camp here, but as soon as Remy enter they scatter in every direction, disappearing into the walls. Except for one sad creature. Gaunt, worn out, sitting in her own filth, singing a soft lullaby to no one in particular.
51) 2) dialog: Ma’‘am? Ma‘ am? He approaches; her hair is in her face. Remy kneels down. REMY (CONT’D) I'm here from the Credit Union. I've got a job to do. She stops singing. Lifts her head to look at him -- it's Beth. Remy’s eyes open wide -- he leans in, amazed -- Frantically flips through his file -- there it is, the name, the picture, all those things he paid no attention
51) 4) dialog: Look at me. Beth, look at me -- He grabs her cheeks, and Beth grins too widely --
51) 9) dialog: Come out of it. Wake up -- He slaps her across the cheek. Nothing. She’s too far gon Remy sits back, stunned. He blinks. Not ready to give up. REMY (CONT’D) Tell me you have some money. I know the credit manager, we can set up a plan --
51) 11) dialog: Good. Good, you got married again. What's his name? She starts to close her eyes again, but Remy’s on top of her, slapping her awake. Doesn’t want to go through with this -- REMY (CONT’D) Goddammit, Beth, give me a name!
51) 13) dialog: The war? What war?
51) 15) dialog: We're not at war. Tell me his name --
51) 20) text: INT. REMY AND CAROL’S HOUSE - NIGHT The door flies open. Remy carries a barely conscious Beth over his shoulder, struggling into the living room.
51) 21) dialog: It may have been a decade late, but I finally got to carry my bride over the threshold. Carol approaches from the living room, staring at Remy wi this skanked-out hooker slung over his shoulder.
51) 23) dialog: This is Beth. My ex-wife. (beat) Did I ever tell you I was married before? Peter enters, wide-eyed. Beth VOMITS onto the carpet.
52) 0) text: Broken flashing neon sign and all. Just disgusting. Remy carries Beth through the parking lot.
53) 0) text: Beth still slung over his shoulder, Remy pays the MOTEL MANAGER in cash, counting out the bills.
54) 0) text: Beth sleeps fitfully on the bed. Remy sits near her, watching her sleep.
55) 0) text: Jake and Frank stare up at the big board. Remy approaches
55) 2) dialog: I couldn’t find her. Jake is shocked -- and a bit suspicious.
56) 0) text: Remy stirs a pot of food atop a portable stove. Beth lays on the moldy carpet, fetal, battling the shivers of withdrawal.
56) 1) dialog: For the next month, I had a new job: Babysitting Beth. Remy.kneels beside Beth. Trying to spoon soup into her mouth. She fights him off weakly, spitting up her lunch.
56) 2) dialog: Jittery, strung-out, barely coherent hookers don’t make great company. INT. REMY AND CAROL’S HOUSE - NIGHT Remy sits at the table alone, eating a bowl of soup. Caro walks by in silence and drops a stack of bills on the table.
56) 3) dialog: But sometimes they’re better than the alternative. Remy flips through the envelopes, several of them emblazoned with the Union insignia.
57) 0) text: Remy leans against the grungy bathroom sink while Beth is in the shower.
57) 1) dialog: When I was with Beth, real life didn’t seem to bother me too much. Remy peeks over the top of the shower curtain.
57) 2) dialog: But there were still bills to pay. And artiforgs to repossess. 43.
58) 0) text: Remy, kneels over an unconscious WOMAN in a miniskirt. He shirt is ripped; his scalpel hovers over her midsection. The woman goes back She stirs. The woman horror at Who waves Petrified Remy just
58) 1) dialog: I saw an interview with a serial killer once. He said that it took him fifteen years to work up to that first kill. begins to stir. Remy TASERS her. She drops. Remy to hovering that scalpel. Can’t close the deal.
58) 2) dialog: But the second one only took six months. The third, a week. Once that dam broke, it was a flood. Remy TASERS her again. Can’t decide.
58) 3) dialog: Beth was the first client I ever let go. From there, it just got easier. wakes, stumbling to her feet. She stares in Remy -- her away. He can’t even look at her.
59) 0) text: Beth is sprawled out on the bed. There are dark circles under her eyes. Remy brings her a cup of coffee. Almost tenderly:
59) 1) dialog: Hey. How you feeling?
59) 3) dialog: Not recently.
59) 5) dialog: Wait ‘til you try my coffee. Works wonders.
59) 6) text: Beth smiles weakly. Her gaze falls on Remy’s toolbelt, th moves to his Union tattoo -- Then she looks away. Afraid? Nervous?
59) 7) dialog: I knew what she wanted to ask me, even though she’d never say it. She’d want to know how a sweet, innocent kid from the suburbs could turn into aman like... well, like me.
60) 0) text: Remy and Jake, barely in their 20's and the only white gu in the place, nurse their Red Stripes.
60) 1) dialog: I don’t know how it happened. I just know it did. Remy finishes his beer and tosses it into a pile of empties.
60) 2) dialog: I’m so fucking bored of relaxing.
60) 4) dialog: What am I, retired? I don’t golf. I don’t fish. Fuck the military pension, I want to do something.
60) 6) dialog: Running gver them, maybe... ina tank. Remy and Jake press thumbs.
60) 8) dialog: I miss it, too.
60) 10) dialog: I miss the structure. 45.
61) 0) text: Remy and Jake, pissing side-by-side at the urinals. Tacke to the wall directly in front of them: A FLYER: Learn a Trade, Join the Union, Fulfill Your Destiny!
61) 1) dialog: It all made perfect sense. Joining the Union could give us everything back: The rush. The structure. The kill.
62) 0) text: A younger Frank puts the hard sell on Remy and Jake.
62) 1) dialog: The recruiter told us we were defending America’s medical establishment. The war didn’t have to end -- it would just change venue.
63) 0) text: Remy and Jake are issued standard Union duffels. They rif through, checking out the tasers, the scanner, the scalpe
63) 1) dialog: Our military training made us uniquely qualified. We were already familiar with the tools of the trade. Remy hits Jake with a taser. Jake goes down. Shakes it of Comes at Remy with a scalpel. Two friends, having fun.
63) 2) dialog: Most importantly, we had been taught to kill people and not care all that much.
64) 0) text: Remy and Jake share a satisfied grin as the black circle tats are burned into their skin. The TATTOO ARTIST recite his programmed lines as he finishes.
64) 7) dialog: Hey, where’s the lightning? Tattoo guy turns back around.
65) 0) text: Remy cuts through a window with a pencil laser. He snaps out a section of glass, then reaches in and unlocks the door. He looks back over his shoulder as he nervously heads inside.
65) 1) dialog: When I broke into that first house, I felt like a kid, doing a stupid prank. Hold on the outside of the darkened house. The picture of suburban tranquility. After several beats of silence, a SCREAM pierces the air. Remy emerges from the house carrying a lacquered box, grinning like a kid who’s gotten laid for the first time.
65) 2) dialog: But when I came out, the game was over. I was an official member of The Credit Union.
66) 0) text: Tattoo Man adorns Remy’s tattoo with a single, holographi lightning bolt hovering above the black circle, piercing it.
66) 1) dialog: BioMedical Repossession Division. Level One.
67) 1) dialog: But Beth didn’t need to know that. All she needed to know was:
67) 4) dialog: Why not?
67) 6) dialog: Maybe I know you better than you think. Beth holds Remy’s gaze, until he turns away.
68) 0) text: Remy stands at the ice machine, filling up a bucket. A seedy man approaches. His crappy brass name tag says MANAGER.
68) 2) dialog: It’s fine.
68) 4) dialog: Accidents happen.
68) 6) text: Remy gets it. He pulls out his wallet and shoves a few twenties at the guy.
68) 7) dialog: Send a maid once in a while, your rooms won't be so shitty. 48.
69) 0) text: Remy stands outside Peter’s room, about to go in --
69) 2) dialog: I just wanted someone to talk to around here.
69) 4) dialog: I guess I shouldn’t have been surprised that my marriage had turned to shit. It’s not like we started out all lovey-dovey.
70) 0) text: Remy’s in full Repo gear, black-on-black.
70) 1) dialog: It should have been the easiest repo job in recorded history. Some blue hair had worn out her welcome on a Hexa-Tan liver. But Carol was... resistant. A younger Carol has on her nurse‘s uniform, guarding the room of an ELDERLY PATIENT. REMY (CONT’D) Look, lady -- if they bury her with an unpaid liver, the Union’s gonna put a lien on the last will and testament and exhume the body. I’m doing the family a favor here, so back off. Remy’s inches from her face, trying to intimidate. But Carol doesn’t back down.
70) 5) dialog: Gotta admit -- the gal had spunk.
71) 0) text: Carol does the dishes. No spunk left any more. He walks u to the sink; she doesn’t look at him. REMY (CONT’D) I’m going.
71) 2) dialog: No. I’m going. Now she turns. Accepting it, knowing it was going to happen.
71) 4) dialog: I’1l tell him myself. INT. PETER’S ROOM - NIGHT Peter sleeps in his bed, a handheld video game in his grasp. Remy stands in the doorway, staring at his son.
71) 5) dialog: (quietly) Eventually. Remy backs out of the room without waking him.
72) 0) text: Remy lugs his life’s possessions past his old bedroom, Carol sound asleep in the background.
72) 1) dialog: I'd like to say I left to keep Carol from having to take on my financial burdens. INT. PETER’S ROOM - NIGHT Peter stirs awake. Rubs his eyes, looks out the window --
72) 4) dialog: Or so the boy didn’t have to watch his dad’s heart get ripped out...
73) 0) text: Remy pulls his car up to the curb and looks in
73) 2) dialog: But it was something else that drew me away. Remy reclines his car seat and pulls a jacket over him fo warmth. He’s going to sleep out in the car tonight.
74) 0) text: Remy enters, waking Beth, who stretches, happy to see him Remy opens the plastic bag and takes out some items, lini them up on the night stand.
74) 1) dialog: Peanut butter -- the crunchy kind, like you like, soft toothbrush, strawberry toaster strudel, and mint shampoo.
74) 3) dialog: Shampoo’s for me. She looks at him askance -- he’s never taken a shower the before. He motions out the window -- Where his car, with all his stuff, sits. Beth realizes he moving in, and can’t help the smile that comes to her fac
75) 0) text: As Beth helps Remy lug his possessions into their room.
75) 1) dialog: My living situation was one thing. My work situation was another. No repos meant no cash, which meant no payments to the Union, which meant no future.
76) 0) text: Beth stirs noodles in a pot, cooking their meager dinner. Remy sits at a table nearby, PINGING Beth with his scanne checking the serial numbers of her ‘forgs against a computer print out.
76) 2) dialog: Entering falsified returns, grounds for immediate dismissal.
76) 4) dialog: Also a class one felony -- grand theft artiforg, 20 years to life.
76) 6) dialog: Don’t worry. I’ve got a foolproof plan.
76) 8) dialog: Don’t get caught.
76) 11) dialog: Right.
76) 14) dialog: Do you have any idea how much you owe?
76) 16) dialog: Do you have any idea how bad you look? Beth throws a noodle at him; Remy ducks it.
76) 18) dialog: Ex-wife. And this is as nice as I get. The scanner WHOOPS it up again; yet another readout from Beth’s overdue body.
76) 19) dialog: Do you even know how many ‘forgs you've got in there?
76) 21) dialog: Jesus...
76) 23) dialog: You're shittin’ me. I’ve never even heard of that.
76) 27) dialog: Which one did you choose?
76) 30) text: Beth moves Remy’s arm further down her body --
76) 32) dialog: And your hips... Remy slides his hands down her hips, moving them across h waist, her legs --
76) 35) dialog: (feeble protest) Come on. I’m married.
76) 37) dialog: I guess I never signed any divorce papers.
77) 0) text: Remy wakes up beside a naked Beth. Tries to sneak out of bed, but she wakes...
77) 2) dialog: And now? Beth thinks for a beat.
77) 6) dialog: How ‘bout that.
78) 0) text: Remy sneaks through piles of lacquered boxes, each one an artiforg that’s been returned to the Union.
78) 1) dialog: A mortgage. Motel rent. A manager who wanted double or he’d snitch. And that damn Jarvik, ticking away inside my chest. He grabs a lacquered box, opens it, and takes out the metallic organ within. He begins rasping away the serial number with a metal file.
78) 2) dialog: It all took cash, and I didn’t have the guts anymore. But I could make it seem like I did.
78) 4) dialog: Beth had fifteen outstanding accounts, so I found fifteen replacement parts. I actually got the computer to buy my story. My foolproof plan, put into action.
79) 0) text: Remy sneaks by a sleeping GUARD, then turns --
79) 1) dialog: Except for the part about not getting caught. Jake is there. He’s seen everything.
79) 3) dialog: Hey. They stare at each other; neither knows what to say. Jake leans against the Credit Union sphere-and-bolt statue. Wh it finally begins, their conversation is as casual as eve
79) 7) dialog: Uncle Joe?
79) 10) dialog: No shit.
79) 12) dialog: Lemme guess -- he was relieved.
79) 14) dialog: Maybe it was a blessing.
79) 16) dialog: What am I supposed to do for money? I can’t do anything else.
79) 19) dialog: Then what?
79) 21) dialog: And if I suck at it?
79) 23) dialog: And six months later...
79) 25) dialog: Probably Ray.
79) 27) dialog: Job’s a job. Remy turns to leave. His fate is set. Then turns back --
79) 28) dialog: Where is he now?
79) 30) dialog: Uncle Lou.
79) 32) dialog: Is he happy?
80) 0) text: Remy shuffles away from the mall, only a few parking lot halogens lighting his lonely path.
81) 0) text: Remy sits across from a beleaguered looking Frank.
81) 3) dialog: Frank surprised me. He took it better than I expected. Frank erases Remy’s name from the big board. Then -- thro the eraser at the wall in anger. He’s lost his best guy.
82) 0) text: Remy, looking uncomfortable in suit and tie, sits across from a family of four in a sales booth.
82) 1) dialog: Mr. Timmons, you owe it to your family. You owe it to yourself. The sickly looking patriarch nods and takes the pen. But before he signs, Remy continues... REMY (CONT’D) ‘Course, if you can’t pay your bills, some Union guy like me might show up next to your bed, wake you out of a sound sleep and run a scalpel from your collar bone down to your pelvis to reclaim our property. (beat) I’m just saying. The man drops the pen. His wife faints.
82) 2) dialog: I wasn’t cut out for sales.
83) 0) text: Remy raises a cleaver high into the air. His apron is covered in blood.
83) 1) dialog: But I had to work. So I tried something a little more in line with my training. Remy slams the cleaver down onto a butcher block -- separating a sirloin steak. Remy’s trying his hand behind the deli counter. He whacks at a slab of meat, over and over again, juices flying --
83) 3) dialog: Six months, and I must have tried twenty different jobs.
84) 0) text: Remy, in an embarrassing T.G.I.Friday’s type ensemble delivers several meals to a table full of college guys. O particularly assholish frat guy waves Remy over, lifts hi hamburger bun to show that his food is not cooked right.
84) 1) dialog: The customer, they say, is always right. I’d never really thought about what that meant before. Remy takes the basket of food and jams it into the guy’s face, knocking him over in his chair -- And then wailing on him while the stunned frat boys look on.
85) 0) text: Remy and Beth pack up. Clothes. Work gear. He gently pack away his scalpels, ether cannisters... Looks at them fond
85) 1) dialog: It’s amazing how fast a hundred and eighty days can go by. Beth puts a hand on Remy’s arm.
85) 3) dialog: I’m done anyway.
86) 0) text: Crappy street. Crappy neighborhood. Remy and Beth, their bags at their feet, stand outside Remy’s car. Remy pulls out a glass bottle filled with gas, a soaked r in the neck. He lights the rag with a match -- And tosses the bottle into the front seat of his car. He and Beth walk away, bags in hand, as the fire engulfs the car, erasing any trace of its existence.
87) 0) text: Remy and Beth keep their heads low as they stick to the shadows along a trash-strewn sidewalk. As they head toward the entrance of this sad excuse for a building, we realize it’s the same burned-out hotel on th same ugly abandoned road where we first met Remy.
87) 1) dialog: Welcome to paradise.
88) 0) text: Remy and Beth scope out the rooms, trying to find a suitable place to hide out.
88) 1) dialog: There are hiders, and there are seekers.
89) 0) text: Beth takes the reins, showing Remy how and where to board up the windows, doors, setting booby traps, etc.
89) 1) dialog: Hiding was new to me. But Beth had practice. She reaches over and turns off Remy’s flashlight.
90) 0) text: As Beth and Remy root through a dumpster. Remy holds up t pieces of fabric, one blue, one red. Beth points to the red.
92) 0) text: Remy RIPS open a hole in the wall with a hammer and fluff pink insulation pops out. Beth grabs a handful and shoves it into a pillowcase, and Remy does likewise.
93) 0) text: The decorations are complete, a woman's touch amid the debris. Candles, a blue tarp for a tablecloth, a stolen mattress for a bed. Flowers poke out of cracks in the wal Remy lays out weapons: Taser, scalpel, shotgun...
94) 0) text: Remy searches through piles of broken furniture, testing busted chair legs and posts for use as potential weapons. As he swings a piece of wood through the air, he notices something beneath a pile. He clears away trash to find:
96) 0) text: Where Remy sits at the typewriter, naked, back where we m him at the very beginning. We’re now where we first came in.
96) 1) dialog: But you can only hide for so long before they find you. Suddenly, LAUGHTER. Remy, spooked, leaps to his feet. Shotgun in one hand, pistol suddenly in the other. Laughter again. Distinct. High-pitched. Remy tenses --
97) 0) text: Remy, shotgun in hand, follows the laughter. Coming from down the hall --
98) 0) text: Louder now, interspersed with voices. Remy presses himsel against the wall, breathing hard. Shotgun out the window Children. THREE LITTLE GIRLS, playing in the courtyard below. Remy relaxes as the girls pull out a jump-rope and begin chanting a song to count out their game:
98) 4) dialog: The writing helps me think.
98) 6) dialog: It’s a letter.
98) 8) dialog: Peter. My son.
98) 10) dialog: Neither did I. Beth moves forward, then stops -- alarmed --
98) 12) dialog: What?
98) 14) dialog: All I hear are those damn kids.
98) 22) dialog: Vocom makes share wires?
98) 24) dialog: (incredibly loud) What am I -- Remy and Beth both cringe at his overly amplified voice. Beth scolds him with her eyes, showing him the small whee controls in the skin behind her ear that she continues to amplify, screening out the ambience. Focusing. Wings flapping. Footsteps. And finally, the familiar PING! PING! of an official Union-issue scanner. Remy yanks the wire out of both of their ears. REMY (CONT’D) Get away from the window.
100) 2) dialog: Ray Pearl. Psychopath with a Union scalpel.
100) 4) dialog: He’s not here for you.
102) 0) text: Tension mounting as Remy and Beth run short on time.
102) 2) dialog: No. I have something better. Follow me. As Beth follows Remy towards the hall...
105) 0) text: Raymond kicks a door off its remaining hinge. The room is charred out. A blue tarp sits on the otherwise rotted floor. Remy sits on the far side of the room, typing.
105) 2) dialog: They sent the ear guy after me? That hurts.
105) 7) dialog: (seductively) Ooh. Come here, sweet talker.
106) 0) text: Beth lays amid a ton of debris, barely conscious, clutchi her badly twisted knee. She spots Remy’s gun on the floor nearby. Reaches -- straining -- Raymond drags himself along the floor, battered and bloodied, but still moving forward. He grabs the gun, looks up --
108) 0) text: Remy carries an unconscious Beth toward their room. She emits a small groan, eyelids fluttering.
108) 1) dialog: (soft, almost tender) Hey, there. You’re back with us. Beth’s hand rifles upward, clamping hard around Remy’s throat. They both fall to the floor.
108) 2) dialog: (choking) Beth -- it’s me -- Beth’s eyes flutter open. She realizes it’s Remy and quickly releases him. Remy coughs -- REMY (CONT’D) Jesus Christ --
108) 4) dialog: Let me carry you.
108) 6) dialog: Come on, you’re leaking hydraulic fluid all over. BETH . I can fix it myself. She sits on the floor and tears open her pants, exposing her open wound. Her metallic kneecap glints in the moonlight, the artiforg metal puncturing her natural fles Reaching into her bra, Beth pulls out a small package of tools -- screwdriver, hammer, miniature soldering iron. S fiddles with the artiforg, wincing from the pain.
108) 7) dialog: (staring at her knee) You know how quick I could pluck that Dura-joint right outta your leg?
108) 13) dialog: Under 12 seconds. Beth stops what she’s doing and looks at Remy, then twist away at something metal in her leg. It CLICKS.
108) 15) dialog: We can’t rest, we have to go. They found me faster than I thought.
108) 17) dialog: Once they’re on you, they don’t stop.
109) 0) text: The Mall, as usual, is abuzz with activity. Remy slinks down a side street and into an alley.
110) 1) dialog: Hell of an example you're setting.
110) 3) dialog: I got a thirty-four waist. You?
110) 8) dialog: Fucking metabolism... A swift ELBOW to Larry’s head, and the kid CRASHES to the ground. Remy stomps out the cigarette still in Larry's mouth.
111) 0) text: Crowded, as usual. Customers wait in line outside the Union. Larry The Lung, in full costume, walks toward the Union; customers wave and smile at him, and he waves back. REMY’S POV - INSIDE THE COSTUME there’s little room to maneuver. Remy peers out through t hidden mesh eyeholes, trying to keep up the act. He walks down the line of ailing. customers --
113) 1) dialog: stands over him, his bottom half still dressed in the Lar the Lung costume.
113) 2) dialog: Afternoon, boss. With a single move, Remy flings Frank into his office chair. Remy pulls a pistol on him with his left hand -- And with his right, he slaps
113) 4) dialog: That’s what’1ll happen to the next one you send. And the one after that. I can guarantee you'll run out of Repo Men before I run out of ways to kill them. Frank stares at Remy. At the gun pointed in his face.
113) 6) dialog: It’s your office.
113) 8) dialog: That's the $800,000 question. Give or take.
113) 10) dialog: You come after her, you come after me. Frank nods -- he understands.
113) 12) dialog: Itches like a motherfucker.
114) 0) text: Remy, out of costume now but still flush with adrenaline, bounds up the stairs, a bag under his arm --
115) 1) dialog: Your knight in bulletproof armor just bought us some more time. Plus, stopped at the store and lifted some of those artichoke hearts you wanted - But Beth’s expression doesn’t change. She looks... scared
115) 2) dialog: What?
115) 5) dialog: That’s the thing with me and Jake: Somehow, no matter where we were, he always ended up right behind me.
116) 0) text: A DRILL SERGEANT leads a younger Remy, Jake, and a gang o eager soldiers down a long hallway.
117) 0) text: Remy sits in a control chair -- like the one in the concussion test -- at the front of this high-tech tank, twisting and turning as he tries to get comfy. 73. Jake sits behind him in the gunner’s chair.
117) 1) dialog: Me in front, Jake right behind. That’s how it always worked.
118) 3) dialog: Beth does a lot of things Carol doesn’t do. (beat) I was just at the office. Musta missed you.
118) 5) dialog: Oh yeah? Who’s the client?
118) 7) dialog: No shit.
118) 9) dialog: Just your type.
118) 11) dialog: Sure. Get a good night’s sleep. 74.
118) 13) dialog: Then I guess... he’d be clear?
118) 15) dialog: Which he couldn’t.
118) 17) dialog: Hey -- Jake turns. Remy starts to speak, then stops. Instead of whatever he was going to say, he just says: REMY (CONT’D) See you later.
119) 0) text: Long lines snake around the airport terminal as PASSENGER wait to pass through metal and weapons detectors -- As well as walk-through artiforg scanners. A bored-lookin REPO MAN sits next to one of them. He waves a BUSINESSMAN to walk through -- A green wave of light washes over the businessman's body As an ARTIFICIAL LIVER appears inside his body, as if glowing from within. It’s just a projection, a hologram- type image placed onto his frame, but it clearly shows hi artiforg. A PING sounds out, and a bulb above him turns green. He walks through. The Repo Man waves the next passenger in, and we MOVE BAC through the line to find Remy and Beth, waiting their tur Blood from Beth’s knee wound still seeps through a bandag
119) 5) dialog: Jake doesn’t let anybody go. He’s giving us a head start, that’s all. What we do with it is up to us.
119) 8) dialog: I’m not in love with it, either. Just try and hide that limp. Remy checks the area, then swiftly walks to the front of the line, lifting his sleeve so the passengers see his tattoo. They don’t come near him. He approaches the bored Repo Man -- who perks up, eyes opening wide -- he recognizes Remy -- Remy grabs him and pulls him to the side, speaking quickl REMY (CONT’D) Look -- I know you know what’s going on, and I know what kind of commission’s in it for you. What I don't know is how many other Union guys you've got in shouting distance, but I’d lay short odds they’11 get here long after my scalpel’s stuck in your throat. (beat) Now: Will you help me?
119) 10) dialog: Good choice. See the little lady in line? She’s with me. When we go through, all you have to do is shut down the scanner. Once we're past, power it back up again. Two seconds, tops. Got it? The Repo Man nods. Remy’s back to all smiles as he steps line next to Beth.
119) 11) text: . REMY (CONT’D) It’s taken care of.
119) 13) dialog: Just walk. 76. Indeed, when they get to the walk-through scanner
119) 15) dialog: hustle on through and
120) 0) text: Remy and Beth sit on uncomfortable plastic chairs, waitin for their flight to board. The gate sign reads SAO PAOLO, BOARDING 8:35. Remy, tense, checks his watch -- REMY‘S WATCH reads 8:30
120) 2) dialog: We'll talk about it in the air.
120) 4) dialog: In the air. Remy scans the crowd -- passengers going by, everything seems normal -- But something's odd. He stands, looks around -- Out of the corner of his eye, he notices
120) 8) text: Remy grabs Beth, running behind the gate counter. The GAT ATTENDANT looks down --
120) 11) dialog: I’m sorry. This is going to hurt. A lot. Before she can respond, Remy braces her leg with his knee locking her in place -- And whips out a scalpel, going for her knee. We move away As Beth clamps her lips tight, suppressing a scream. Remy working as fast as he can. Just as he said, he’s an exper Seconds later, he holds up her overdue artiforg kneecap.
120) 12) dialog: Wait here. It’s not as if Beth has a choice -- she’s passed out. Remy pops up from behind the counter and practically jogs up. to the:
120) 15) dialog: You're right. With incredible force, Remy JABS an edge of the artificia kneecap between the Repo Man’s shoulder blades. He grunts As Remy steps away, up to the approaching Union Men, and points out the Repo Man, frantically batting at his back. REMY (CONT’D) There he is. Easy commission. The three Union Men, acting on impulse, PING the Airport Repo Man --
121) 0) text: Hiding behind a dumpster. Remy watches over Beth, who's beginning to wake, slowly. She’s got a tourniquet around her leg, but it’s ugly.
121) 2) dialog: Yeah. We made it. Welcome to South America. Beth’s eyes flutter open. She sees the alley. They close again in defeat.
121) 4) dialog: You need a new kneecap.
121) 7) dialog: We can’t trust anyone. There’s a reward out --
121) 12) dialog: Jesus, Beth, you wanna go to an 2? Lemme tell you something about those vermin:
122) 0) text: Remy kneels over an unconscious host. He plucks the liver clean, boxes it, then leaves a yellow receipt on the body He leaves the apartment, shutting the lights off behind him.
122) 1) dialog: Those sleazy motherfuckers took food off my table for years. Black market, aftermarket, whatever you wanna call it, they’re vultures, plain and simple. After several beats of darkness, the door reopens and a flashlight pierces the darkness. A rail thin, beady eyed OUTSIDER sleazoid slinks into the house. Approaches the fallen body, then sets to work, flashlight in mouth, plucking out the remaining artiforgs, tossing them in a sack.
122) 2) dialog: A Union man takes what’s overdue. Outsiders scavenge the rest.
123) 0) text: Remy backs away from Beth. He’s making a stand.
123) 1) dialog: Outsiders are the plague. I’m not going. No fuckin’ way.
124) 0) text: A cab pulls to the curb and Remy pulls Beth out, hoisting her over his shoulder.
125) 0) text: Beth, leaning heavily on Remy, knocks on The Outsider’s door. No answer. Remy pounds hard on the door -- nothing. Beth presses against the low ceiling.
125) 4) dialog: How well do you know this asshole? Beth just smiles. Remy’s eyes narrow. RUMBLE. Down the hall. It’s a freight elevator. We hear a DING -- the SHOOSH of doors opening -- then a CREAK, CREA Remy tenses, pulling his gun -- edging in front of Beth - A leg slides into view -- only it’s horizontal and three feet off the ground. Then another leg -- And a shopping cart -- with a DEAD BODY inside. Pushing it along is ASBURY, the Outsider. Big ol’ fro, no ring, dark shades -- the Lenny Kravitz look is still hip.
125) 7) dialog: Okay, sorority party’s over. Can we get inside? Asbury checks out Remy, scoping him up and down.
125) 10) dialog: I’m not with them anymore.
125) 12) text: No answer from Remy; his jaw clenches hard. That’s answer enough for Asbury; he grins and unlocks his door. ASBURY: (CONT’D) Mi casa, viejo. 81. INT. ASBURY’S LOFT - DAY Asbury pushes his cart and dead body inside, Remy and Bet following. Chinese screens are set up throughout the loft separating it into a maze of smaller areas. Asbury rifles through a wall full of cluttered shelves, filled with cardboard boxes and ripped-off artiforgs.
125) 16) dialog: You pay for these?
125) 18) dialog: That's different --
125) 20) dialog: Or he can do it the legal way --
125) 25) dialog: Ever been out to the desert? The vultures die when the hunters go home.
125) 35) dialog: (uncomfortable) Hi. Alva gives Beth an injection in the upper arm.
125) 43) dialog: Don’t you need to know about her other artiforgs?
125) 45) dialog: Wait, she’s the surgeon?
125) 47) dialog: She’s like five years old!
126) 0) text: Remy and Beth walk briskly down the sidewalk, keeping the faces hidden. Beth’s knee is better than new, but she doesn’t seem too happy.
126) 2) dialog: You're walking fine --
126) 4) dialog: I’m not the one who sent you there. Take it up with your Outsider friend.
127) 0) text: Beth and Remy approach Asbury’s apartment. The front door is open. Remy shoots Beth a look. INT. ASBURY’S LOFT - DAY The loft looks no different, but Remy’s on edge. He steps in front of Beth and leads her through the Chinese screen an intricate maze of blacks and reds -- Asbury is on a sofa, a hole where his stomach used to be. Blood stains the floor, the couch. Beth gasps at the sigh Hand over her mouth, near tears, Beth approaches her dead friend --
127) 1) dialog: Let’s get out of here.
127) 3) dialog: We know enough. Beth kneels by Asbury’s side and closes his eyelids. There’s a WHIRR as his artiforg eyes shut down -- And Beth gets an idea. She runs to a shelf and rifles through a box we saw earlier -- Beth holds up Asbury’s Vocom Universal Remote.
127) 8) dialog: Sure, if he’s got a Vocom -- She points the remote control at Asbury and presses the REWIND button -- Asbury’s jaw CLICKS open, and a WHIRR emanates. Beth hits STOP, looks to Remy. He nods -- go on -- and she pushes PLAY. SCREAMS of pain burst forth from Asbury’s mouth -- Beth, freaked out, STOPS the sound.
127) 9) dialog: Little more rewinding. Beth hits REWIND again, and after a few seconds, she prepares to make another go at it. PLAY. Asbury’s jaw CLICKS open again, and the dead man, with no facial expressions whatsoever, begins to talk, his jaw slightly out of sync with the words:
127) 11) dialog: This is it -- keep going --
127) 14) text: A sudden grunt from Asbury’s throat -- a gurgle -- The SCREAMS start again -- loud, piercing, pained -- Remy punches STOP. He looks to Beth --
128) 0) text: They run for the stairs, jumping over some unfinished construction, bricks scattered along the ground. Remy throws open the stairwell door to find --
128) 3) dialog: Afternoon.
128) 7) dialog: I like to put on a show.
128) 9) dialog: That makes two of us. Jake leans against a wall, but keeps his eyes on Remy.
128) 11) dialog: He thought that was easy?
128) 16) dialog: My pleasure. Buy a boat. Jake takes a step forward; Remy steps back. A slow circle REMY (CONT’D) Do me one favor.
128) 18) dialog: You and me, one on one. Leave her alone. Jake lifts his scanner and PINGS Beth. The screen FILLS with artiforg numbers, all PAST DUE. A Repo Man’s wet dream.
128) 21) dialog: Go. Run downstairs. Don’t look back.
128) 25) dialog: Me, too. Jake sticks his thumb out -- Remy presses his thumb against Jake’s. GRABBING Remy’s wrist, Jake pulls him close, striking out with the taser -- Remy knocking it away, spinning, firing with his own tase The prongs SLAMMING into the wall behind Jake. 89. Remy jumps on top of Jake, wrestling him to the ground. There’s no fancy kung-fu moves -- it’s just a grunt-and- groan contest, each trying to get leverage -- Remy pulling his scalpel from his waistband, getting it u near Jake’s neck, Jake holding him off with one hand -- Reaching for a brick on the ground with the other --
128) 31) dialog: Let’s just go.
128) 33) dialog: Now. Back to Alva’s.
129) 7) dialog: We get it. You’ve got a little girl to protect. I’ve got a son, I understand. Odds are I won't see him again, but... (beat) I definitely understand. They turn to leave. Alva’s clearly upset with herself for turning them away. She takes a moment to make a decision
130) 0) text: Alva leads Remy and Beth down a maze of alleys. Lil’ Alva bounces along next to them, carrying her own shotgun.
130) 4) dialog: Maybe we should turn around -- A chorus of SHOTGUN PUMPS echo out. Remy looks up -- To find himself and Beth surrounded by five MUSCULAR WOME pointing shotguns at them. Lil’ Alva turns and smiles widely. LIL’ ALVA Told ya.
131) 0) text: RHODESIA, a thick black woman with a confident air, leads Remy and Beth through this low-slung hall.
132) 6) dialog: Don’t they check it?
132) 10) dialog: (appreciating the idea) Looking for a haystack in a field of haystacks.
133) 3) dialog: Wait, lady -- hold on. We’ve got to get out of the country. Tonight.
133) 7) text: I’ve got 953 outbounds and six -- count ‘em, six -- jammers on hand. So unless you've got something real damn impressive up your sleeve other than that ugly-ass tattoo, I’d say you’d better find a place to bunk down for the next year or so. Remy looks to Beth. Rhodesia throws them a pair of blankets, and walks off.
134) 0) text: Beth does her best to prepare their bunk, piling up blankets, trying to make the shelf, amidst the organs, comfortable. Remy, now without his typewriter, scribbles in longhand o his piece of paper. Beth tries to get a look.
134) 2) dialog: When it’s done.
134) 4) dialog: I don’t know. When I’m dead, I guess.
134) 6) dialog: T-Bone?
134) 8) dialog: I thought... They told me --
134) 14) dialog: You've got one of the jammers? T-Bone pulls out a small device with a bunch of wires on it.
134) 18) dialog: You should go. Before me.
134) 20) dialog: You’ve got 15 overdue ‘forgs --
134) 24) dialog: There’s got to be another way -- Beth grabs Remy and kisses him. That shuts him up.
134) 26) dialog: I don’t want to leave you.
134) 29) dialog: I’1l write you.
134) 35) dialog: Big rock candy mountain. Rhodesia takes Remy’s jammer and wraps it tight around hi waist.
134) 39) text: WHOOPS as the screen fills with Remy’s artiforg heart information. RHODESIA (CONT’D) Now flick it on.
134) 40) dialog: It won’t work, The Union’s already figured out all the jammer frequencies.
134) 42) dialog: How long have these been around?
135) 0) text: Remy, keeping his head down, stands in line at security, waiting to be scanned. Two UNION MEN watch the area. Remy flips the switch on the jammer at his waist -- Then walks through, the green light washing over his body Showing nothing.
136) 0) text: The flight to Bogota is boarding. Remy stands there, tick in hand, as other passengers stream by him, onto the flight.
136) 2) dialog: I’m supposed to be.
136) 4) dialog: And the computer would know.
137) 0) text: As Beth sits on her pile of blankets, leafing through the pages of the book that Remy left behind. She’s all alone.
137) 1) dialog: How's that book? Beth looks up to see Remy, climbing onto the shelf. She can’t help but smile.
137) 3) dialog: What's it about?
137) 8) dialog: I wouldn’t go that far. (beat) Wanna go to South America?
138) 0) text: Beth and Remy huddle in the subway car, trying to lay low a duffel bag at their feet.
138) 4) dialog: Not exactly. Before, I was on site, trying to log in bogus ‘forgs.
138) 6) dialog: If I can access the mainframe in Union headquarters, I can reprogram the network. Make it think your accounts are all paid in full. You’1l show up clean on the scanners.
138) 8) dialog: Eventually. But by then we’ll be drinking margaritas and picking sand outta our asses.
138) 10) dialog: I know a guy on the inside.
138) 14) dialog: Sorry, lady. Got the wrong guy. 99.
138) 16) dialog: This is not a good time.
138) 18) dialog: (quietly) I can’t do this right now. Maybe one day I can call and explain, but for now I‘d appreciate it if you’d just go away.
138) 21) dialog: (happily) That was very naughty what you just did. Very, very naughty. He holds Peter at arm’s length, then reaches into his bag and pulls out the manuscript, bound with a rubber band.
138) 24) text: REMY (CONT’D) When you’re old enough, read this. And if you still want to talk when you‘re done, you come and find me. Peter nods and takes the book as the train pulls into the next station. Remy gives him one more hug -- Remy and Beth hop off the train as the doors close and th train pulls away, taking Peter and a comatose Carol with it.
139) 0) text: Frank unlocks his car door, sits inside. A moment of confusion as Frank processes the tiny glass shards all ov the car. Some fucking vandal must have broken his window. Suddenly -- WHAM! Frank’s car seat collapses backward -- As Remy pops up from the backseat and JAMS a long metal trachea into Frank’s open mouth. Blood trickles from Frank's lip as he struggles, chipping a tooth --
139) 1) dialog: Relax, Frank. You might need your air.
139) 3) text: Beth on Frank now, wrapping duct tape around his mouth, crudely holding the artiforg windpipe in place. Remy pulls out an artificial lung, clamping it to the trachea. His finger hovers over a tiny black lever. REMY (CONT’D) I flip on this Yoshimoto and dial up deep inhalation mode --
139) 5) dialog: Instant raisin. Now drive. Remy shoves the seat back up as Frank meekly drops the ca into reverse...
140) 0) text: The gigantic Union sphere and lightning bolt looms on the portico of this state-of-the-art structure. Security cameras sweep the area. Remy and Beth step out from the shadows of the parking lo Remy’s got an unconscious Frank over his shoulder.
140) 1) dialog: (to Beth) Did you have to knock him out?
140) 3) dialog: You don’t have to carry him.
140) 5) text: REMY (CONT’D) See? It’s all who you know. Remy drops Frank's body to the floor and heads inside. Beth follows, and the door closes behind them. 102.
141) 0) text: A staircase spirals up the darkened lobby. A giant i Computer banks, quite retro in their size, cover the walls. Remy and Beth bolt up the stairs -- §
142) 0) text: A single computer sits in the middle of the room, and Rem moves to it. He takes a seat and begins typing. The photos of debtors flick by -- Landing on Remy’s own. A few more keystrokes, and Beth’s face is right beneath his. He hits one more button --
142) 1) dialog: I’ve got it.
142) 4) dialog: Hey, I’m good.
142) 7) text: Another kick. Remy tries to stand, gets knocked down -- FRANK (CONT’D) A man who, at the end of the day, just doesn’t give a shit about other people?
142) 13) dialog: That makes three of us. Suddenly, Beth makes a move, bolting out of the accountin office and escaping into the darkness. REMY (CONT’D) Two of us.
142) 16) dialog: You shoulda seen the other guy.
142) 18) dialog: A job’s a job. Jake turns to Remy and winks. He flicks his taser on --
142) 23) text: JAKE (CONT’D) You know how long I’ve wanted to do that? Jake gives Remy a hand up. Remy’s eyes go wide --
142) 25) dialog: Let’s get the fuck out of here.
143) 0) text: Jake and Remy run for the stairs -- To find two guards already running up. They turn back to the other exit -- To find three more guards coming their way, guns drawn. Jake and Remy go back-to-back. This is it --
143) 8) text: Remy looks to find Beth at the exit. It’s all clear. He runs down the stairs to her, turns -- To see Jake, still on the second floor, fighting off thre more guards.
143) 9) dialog: Come on! A guard sees Remy, runs for him -- And Jake steps in to intercept, tasering the guard -- But leaving himself wide open.
143) 13) dialog: run down a long corridor toward the exit, Union computer monitors SPARKING and BLACKING OUT as they run past.
144) 0) text: The long lines, the usual scanners. The same Union Man wh double-crossed Remy earlier on waves the passengers throu First one stops in the scanner, light washes over him:
144) 3) dialog: walks through the scanner, locking eyes with the Union Ma he knows full well is onto him. But the light comes on: PAID IN FULL. The Repo Man takes out his hand-held scanner and SCANS Re Nothing. No pings, nada. He starts scanning random people PAID IN FULL. PAID IN FULL, PAID IN FULL.
144) 4) dialog: You might wanna get that thing looked at. Remy pats the Repo Man on the back and walks right on by, as the guy angrily pounds his scanner, trying to get it t work. Remy and Beth stroll down the nearest jetway and board th next flight to Bogota. By the time the Repo Man looks up again, they’re gone.
145) 1) dialog: Christ, it’s hot. Is it supposed to be this hot?
145) 3) dialog: Sure, but... Christ, it’s hot. Remy and Beth sit on chaise lounges at the ocean’s edge. Beth’s got on a cute little bathing suit, and though all her scars are showing, she doesn’t seem to care. Remy, still in his somber black-on-black, has a bandage o his shoulder. Beth pulls it down -- the skin is raw and read, but healing. There’s no tattoo. A hardcover book sits on the sand between them.
145) 5) dialog: Macho.
145) 20) text: The assistants pushing Remy’s cart inside...