10) 14) dialog: Mary Eugenia Jenkins Surratt...
10) 16) dialog: You are charged with conspiring, aiding and abetting... GENERAL HUNTER, 62, reads from parchment, his saber dangl by his side. He is surrounded by the members of the MILIT COMMISSION, nine grizzled Union vets, high-ranking all.
10) 17) dialog: The late John Wilkes Booth -- and his Confederates... SEVEN 'CONFEDERATES' are revealed beside Mary Surratt as each name is called. They are seated inside a raised PRISONERS' DOCK. All are in their twenties or early thirt
10) 18) dialog: David Herold, Michael O'Laughlin, Edward Span fer, Dr. Samuel Mudd Samuel Arnold, George Atzerodt and Lewis Payne... (NOTE: Lewis Payne is readily identifiable as Booth's Tal Accomplice; George Atzerodt as his shorter one.)
10) 19) dialog: In a treasonous plot to murder President Abraham Lincoln; Vice President Andrew Johnson; and Secretary of State William Seward... The PACKED courtroom stirs with each charge. Hastily converting a BARRACKS into a courtroom inside the prison for security reasons, the chamber measures only 55 feet x 20-feet with an 11-foot high ceiling. The WALLS ar freshly white-washed. All FOUR WINDOWS are barred. 15. The PRESS and JUDGES are seated at long TABLES cutting th room lengthwise. The GALLERY (by invitation only) are cra in at the rear. ARMED SOLDIERS are stationed throughout.
10) 20) dialog: Pursuant to special orders #211 and #216, does the accused wish to offer a plea? The veiled defendant is frozen with fear.
10) 21) dialog: What say you, madam? Guilty or not. Mary Surratt removes her veil revealing a handsome face.
10) 23) dialog: Of all charges?
10) 25) dialog: In that case, as each defendant has entered a not guilty plea, we'll begin with the woman first -- the United States versus Mary Surratt. General Hunter looks to the PROSECUTION table positioned advantageously by his side.
10) 26) dialog: Major Holt, please proceed. Joseph Holt rises to begin, his chest laden with medals. is surrounded by a HALF-DOZEN ASSOCIATES.
10) 28) dialog: What is it, Senator?
10) 30) dialog: An adjournment! We just got here. Even the LAWYERS defending the other prisoners seem shock
10) 36) dialog: Senator, our fellow citizens must be allowed to put this tra edy to rest. The sooner we dispose of this case, the better for everyone.
10) 38) dialog: Proceed, Major. Holt rises.
10) 47) dialog: Senator, you will mind the horror which summons us.
10) 51) dialog: Senator, I assure you this tribunal will make every effort to protect the rights of those on trial. But, all Americans have the right to feel safe and secure.
10) 58) dialog: Our authorization comes from the War Secretary, Edwin Stanton -- by order of the President of the United States.
10) 60) text: The Gallery erupts. The Prisoners beat iron against wood. General Hunter slams his gavel, repeatedly.
10) 61) dialog: Order...Order...SILENCE! Order is barely RESTORED.
10) 62) dialog: This court will stand in recess. Senator. In chambers! 19. Off Aiken woefully glancing at his Mates, then at Catheri
22) 22) dialog: Mr. Surratt's absence from this roceeding is Mr. Surratt's problem. bjection overruled. Continue, Major
22) 50) dialog: If there's nothing else, Colonel.
22) 72) dialog: Objection allowed. The witness is not on trial.
22) 75) dialog: Colonel Aiken, you are incriminating the witness.
22) 78) dialog: Counselor, unless you have something more pertinent to ask, the witness will stand down. ; AIKEN ; No, sir. No. I have nothing more "pertinent" to ask. Your honor "concludes" 38.
31) 16) dialog: No more proof is needed, Colonel. Aiken is stunned silent.
40) 10) dialog: Objection overruled. The witness will answer the question.
40) 20) dialog: Control yourself, ma'am. Such outbursts will only prejudice your case. Mary guffaws.
40) 21) dialog: You find that amusing? 74.
40) 23) dialog: Counselor, control your client! Aiken turns to Mary. But he, too, can barely contain his own amusement at Mary's quip. They share a quick smile.
41) 30) dialog: Sustained. Mr. Aiken, show the witness some respect.
41) 32) dialog: Please be seated, Mr. Lloyd. Lloyd does as told. Reverdy enters the back of the courtr
41) 46) dialog: Objection overruled.
41) 53) dialog: Objection sustained. Mr. Aiken, I'm warning you.
41) 55) dialog: That will be all, counselor One of the MEMBERS of the COMMISSION points to his WATCH. General Hunter takes it as a CUE and abruptly changes cou
41) 56) dialog: S you know, tonight marks Was ington's celebration honoring our soldiers. We shall adjourn now to prepare our faces for this evening's festivities. Mr. Lloyd, you may step down. Lloyd exits the WITNESS BOX, very satisfied with himself. Aiken says to Lloyd under his breath --
41) 58) dialog: Counselor, control Bet a case of whiskey is yourself. all it took. Aiken and Lloyd begin to square off as if to fight.
41) 59) dialog: Control yourself. Or I will hold you in contempt. A BAILIFF steps between Aiken and Lloyd, quickly escortin the latter outside. General Hunter slams his gavel.
41) 60) dialog: We'll reconvene promptly at 09:00. (to Aiken) And when we do, young man, you'd better comport yourself in a more appropriate manner. Or else you'll find yourself in the brig alongside the others. Hunter slams his gavel. Holt looks at Aiken as if to say: "you're playing with fire." Mary glares at him with conte Reverdy Johnson looks distressed for Aiken. There's no turning back now. . FIREWORKS explode into the NIGHT SKY.
44) 27) dialog: Colonel Aiken, do you wish to call a witness in defense of the accused?
46) 4) dialog: Please answer for the record.
46) 13) dialog: Miss Surratt. You will address this Commission, not the gallery. Is that understood?
46) 43) dialog: If there are no further questions the witness may stand down.
46) 45) dialog: Please call your next witness, Mr. Aiken. Anna remains in the witness box.
46) 46) dialog: Miss Surratt, you are dismissed. Anna tentatively begins to leave the witness box. She loo to her mother. Mary looks back with disappointment.
46) 49) dialog: I take it then the defense rests. Aiken glances at Mary. She won't even look at him. Aiken turns back towards General Hunter -- and nods. Anna holds moment at the door, devastated. As she exits, we CUT TO - ...A SALMON flipping for its life inside a WICKER CREEL.
48) 12) dialog: Well then, we're all agreed on the penalty of death for the prisoners -- Herold, Atzerodt and Payne. a beat) What about the woman? Several Generals are barely payin eattention as they feas on prime rib. GENERAL WALLACE, © perpetually sketching judge, draws a CHARIOT RACE on his place setting.
48) 13) dialog: Regarding Mary Surratt. How many in favor, Gentleman? 94.