0) 22) dialog: Honor's mine, gentlemen. You've done this nation proud. Glad to see y'all are enjoyin' this evenin'. Reverdy Johnson winks at Baker with his good eye.
0) 23) dialog: Country needs you boys more than ever to put it back together. Reverdy Johnson spots several GRAYBEARDS passing by.
0) 24) dialog: Gentlemen, would you excuse us a moment? They're some folks I reckon' my new associate ought to meet. The Senator leads Aiken away. Hamilton watches with envy.
1) 2) dialog: Victory is like shit to flies, Freddie. One whiff is all it takes. sarcastically) . Mr. Secretary, such a delightful surprise. REVEAL: EDWIN STANTON puffing furiously on a FAT CIGAR.
1) 4) dialog: Frederick Aiken. Of course, you're familiar with our venerable War Secretary, Edwin Stanton.
1) 8) dialog: My godson works for me now, Ed. It's time to heal the nation -- not wage war.
1) 10) dialog: One needn't be a Yankee to be for Union same as you.
1) 12) dialog: Is everything alright? ; _ STANTON ; President Lincoln sends his regrets -- seems Mrs. Lincoln made other plans. ...The SOUND of laughter.
7) 0) text: Aiken races inside the ROTUNDA, nearly knocking over an ELDERLY SENATOR in his path. He sprints across STATUARY HALL, past the busts of our Founding Fathers. Aiken continues down a long HALLWAY lined with Senate off a stack of legal briefs virtually spilling out of his han Finally, he enters through an enormous OAK DOOR bearing t brass inscription: United States Senator (Maryland) Reverdy Johnson He finds REVERDY JOHNSON already long in wait.
7) 1) dialog: Mornin', young man. Nice of you to show up.
7) 3) dialog: You've been up all night on this?
7) 5) dialog: Plus some carousing with your mates?
7) 7) dialog: I appreciate your enthusiasm, Freddie. I just hope you haven't run yourself ragged, nor forgotten the Assassins' Trial begins tomorrow.
7) 9) dialog: Well, you've 'squirreled' a chair instead.
7) 11) dialog: I'm trying the case. You'll be assisting -- my second chair.
7) 13) dialog: Indeed. Secretary Stanton picked himself nine generals to serve as judges -- all for Union and all riends of the late President.
8) 6) dialog: Stanton's put his most trusted in charge of the case -- the Chief Adjutant General, Joseph Holt. 13.
10) 2) dialog: Defend one of the eight.
10) 4) dialog: Alleged, counselor. Reverdy Johnson holds up a NOTE.
10) 5) dialog: I received a letter this morning from the lady, the one with the boardinghouse... a Mrs. Mary... The Senator searches the note for Mary's last name. Aiken is quick with the answer.
10) 7) dialog: She says I once helped her late husband on a tax matter.
10) 9) dialog: Truth is I don't remember ever laying eyes on her late husband or her. But she's from Maryland too...
10) 11) dialog: If they suspect her son, then they ought to try him. 14.
10) 13) dialog: Young man, it matters none if I've heard of Mary Surratt -- or her son. She's entitled to a defense. So, I shall defend her! Reverdy continues onward as Aiken remains frozen in place
10) 27) dialog: Just a moment, your honor Reverdy Johnson rises directly in front of Mary Surratt. Frederick Aiken, his lone associate, remains seated besid
10) 29) dialog: I wish to request an adjournment.
10) 31) dialog: The defendant has been in custod for over a month. But wasn't allowed to contact counsel until yesterday. (MORE )
10) 33) dialog: I've still not been permitted to meet with her.
10) 35) dialog: My learned colleague, you've had four weeks to prepare your case. No doubt, assisted by the entire War Department. I believe the defendant is entitled to equal consideration.
10) 37) dialog: Everyone but my client.
10) 39) dialog: In that case, I move for termination.
10) 41) dialog: On the grounds this trial is unconstitutional! jehe, allery stirs) The defendant is a civilian entitled to a public trial before a jury of her peers. Not a military court- martial.
10) 43) dialog: May I remind the distinguished Major the war is over. Moreover, the civi. courts in Washington remained open throughout the entire conflict. And continue to be, as we speak 17.
10) 46) dialog: "Soldier!' Surely, no member of this Commission recalls a figure as lovely as this under his command? The Senator playfully draws gattery Ss physique in the ai prompting laughter from the galle
10) 48) dialog: Gentlemen, we all mourn the loss of our most cherished leader. But, in our grief, let us not betray our better judgment and execute a reign of terror. MAJOR GENERAL HARRIS, a member of the Military Commission shouts out with a heavy New England accent.
10) 50) dialog: Every right-minded citizen desires the punishment of those responsible. But one must be judged accor ding to the law -- not as passions see fi
10) 52) dialog: None of us is safe when a citizen can be dragged from her home, held without charge and denied access to counsel -- merely on a suspicion? Another Commission Member, MAJOR GENERAL KAUTZ, mocks Rev Johnson's southern accent. Kautz is a New Englander. 18.
10) 55) dialog: I have served this nation as its Attorney General. That is certification enough. General Kautz holds up a CONTRACT.
10) 57) dialog: I_am a member of Congress! The branch of government empowered to authorize military tribunals like this.
10) 59) dialog: Had our founding fathers desired tyranny to prevail, I'm sure they'd have intended for the President and his War Secretary to have such indiscriminate powers. (seething) But they drafted a Constitution with laws limiting power, not trusting in human nature to limit itself -- precisely for times like these: (losing his temper) When our leaders claim to be serving the People... when, in fact, they're only serving themselves.
11) 0) text: The prison CORRIDOR outside the generals' CHAMBERS is nea RIOTOUS -- rabid REPORTERS, excited SPECTATORS, and the l Moments later, Reverdy Johnson appears in the hallway wit Aiken in-tow. The inquisitive PRESS converge in a frenzy. Johnson pulls Aiken into a BACK STAIRWELL to escape the hoards. A SOLDIER bars anyone else from following. As Aiken trails his boss upstairs, his face is filled wit panic. The pair are in mid-conversation.
11) 2) dialog: As serious as the charges against our client.
11) 4) dialog: She doesn't stand a chance with a Southerner like me representing her She needs a Yankee colonel like you.
11) 6) dialog: -- You'll do fine, son. Our nation still has never executed a woman.
11) 8) dialog: "Course you can, boy. They taught you somethin' at Harvard, didn't they?
11) 11) dialog: No court in the Union would judge that woman fairly with Confederate counsel.
11) 13) dialog: No doubt you'd gladly pull the trigger yourself.
11) 16) dialog: Alleged, counselor. AIKEN ; You don't honestly believe she's innocent?
11) 17) dialog: 'Til proven otherwise.
11) 19) dialog: I'm not suggesting you betray your allegiances. I'm simply asking, rather, telling you to uphold your oath ee an attorney and do your job! eat I demand nothing more. And I assure you, neither your mother or father would've accepted anything less! Aiken wavers.
11) 21) dialog: Son, sometimes a man must be willing to 'walk' on faith alone. A beat as we begin to hear...
25) 0) text: Aiken, still concerned, confers with Reverdy Johnson, who reviewing the previous day's TRIAL TRANSCRIPT.
25) 2) dialog: Your cross wasn't exactly what Stanton's kangaroo court had in mind. I'm sorry I wasn't there to enjoy it. Reverdy smiles. Aiken does not.
25) 4) dialog: The makings of a case, but hardly proof beyond a reasonable doubt. AIKEN ; What about those "secret meetings" Wiechmann testified to? 40.
25) 5) dialog: Louis Wiechmann is a liar. You practically said so in court.
25) 7) dialog: Exactly. _'Cause Stanton is keeping it under lock and key -- in violation of every known rule of evidence.
25) 9) dialog: Because everyone's scared to death. You did read Cicero at that fancy school of yours? Aiken nods.
25) 10) dialog: Inter Arma Silent Leges.
25) 12) dialog: Stanton intends to keep it alive for as long as he sees fit. Reverdy pushes a newspaper in front of Aiken. HEADLINE re Stanton warns of future Rebel Plots: Poisoning Nation's Water Supply, Spreading Smallpox & Firebombing Cities
25) 13) dialog: Fear is the most potent weapon in the Secretary's arsenal.
25) 15) dialog: Don't be so eager to throw away Mary Surratt's rights. One day, you may need them. 41.
25) 17) dialog: You're right, Fred. I can't expect you to care. I'll tell you what: if you prove to_me beyond a reasonable doubt she's guilty, I'll take you off this case.
33) 0) text: Reverdy Johnson is eating his supper ALONE. The doorbell rings. A STEWARD goes to answer the door. Reverdy calls out.
33) 1) dialog: I'll take the transcript in here. MAN'S VOICE (0.S. Sure you don't want me to read it aloud? Reverdy instantly recognizes the voice, looks up. It's STANTON. He hands Reverdy the transcript.
33) 3) dialog: He learned to fight in your army.
33) 5) dialog: And we older ones better ensure it was worth the fight.
33) 9) dialog: Not if you insist on staging this abomination.
33) 11) dialog: How'd you convince yourself of that? 58.
33) 13) dialog: What about the rule of law?
33) 15) dialog: By abandoning our laws we become just like them. Stanton begins to leave.
36) 25) dialog: The Secretary assures me they don't have her.
36) 27) dialog: Perhaps she's as guilty as her brother.
36) 29) dialog: It matters none. Fact is with two children abandoning Mrs. Surratt, it'll only be seen one way -- their mother must be guilty.
36) 31) dialog: Is that so? Well, "Mary" and "Anna" they're my concern now. Your wish is granted, Fred. I'm taking you off the case. Reverdy rises, heads for the door.
37) 2) dialog: You haven't proven she's not.
37) 4) dialog: Quite the contrary. I just think it's best for all concerned that I take over from here.
37) 6) dialog: I can manage. But Aiken soon realizes Reverdy isn't only referring to t case as he's just followed his boss inside the --
37) 8) dialog: (calls out) Few will soon forget on whose side you Fought here, Fred. Trust me it's a lonely place to be.
37) 10) dialog: This habit of quoting me back to me is most irritating. Flush. Reverdy reemerges from the water closet.
37) 11) dialog: You've got your mother's conviction. And your father's annoying habits. Reverdy returns to his office with Aiken in tow...
38) 2) dialog: Are you sure you want this?
38) 4) dialog: Very well, Fred. (another beat) So, tell me, how do you intend to convince the Generals she's innocent after they hear she was carrying a package from Booth -- just hours efore he murdered Lincoln? 71.
38) 6) dialog: Dr. Mudd did Booth a favor by fixin' his broken leg. Now, he's facing life in prison. Edward Spangler held Booth's horse outside Ford's Theater and is looking at hard labor So, don't do your client any "favors" by offering that as a defense.
38) 8) dialog: If it's John Surratt they want, then present him to those Generals on a platter. It's the only chance she's got.
38) 10) dialog: I don't mean in oth -- in spirit. You must prove to them her son is responsible -- not her.
38) 12) dialog: Better to hate you alive, than love you from the grave. A long beat as we CUT TO -- FULL SCREEN: on an ARTIST's SKETCH of the next WITNESS.
59) 0) text: Aiken, in disbelief. Reverdy Johnson is behind his desk
59) 2) dialog: Stanton doesn't want their sons. Any word from hers? Aiken shakes his head.
59) 3) dialog: qhen there's nothing more you can oO.
59) 5) dialog: Fred, you ve done everything you ossibly could. Better than I would ave done. But your only allegiance now must be to yourself.
59) 7) dialog: And you know there's no appealing it. That's why Stanton tried her in a military court.
59) 10) dialog: If John Surratt won't sacrifice himself, son, why should you? She's not your mother.
59) 14) dialog: Stanton will destroy you if you persist. Freddie, this is not a war you can win. But Aiken is gone, as we CUT TO -- ...The SOUND of screeching across a stone floor.
65) 0) text: Aiken enters, crestfallen, seemingly nothing more he can To his surprise, Reverdy Johnson q5 seated behind his des surrounded by LEGAL TOMES.
65) 1) dialog: Pull up a chair, Freddie. We've got a long night ahead. Aiken does as told. The men start working away, their hea buried in case law. After several beats --
65) 2) dialog: Know any jokes?
68) 8) dialog: "Impossible" may have been a bit strong, Fred. Ladies, good luck Reverdy, Catherine exchange smiles. Aiken is clearly touc Reverdy hands Aiken a DOCUMENT he's been working on.
68) 9) dialog: Frederick. Run. Catherine gives Aiken a kiss, as he rushes out the door
75) 27) text: (No dialogue, just music) Aiken races across town in a horse-drawn BUGGY, desperate reach Mary before it's too late. A GUARD unlocks a METAL DOOR as the PRISONERS -- Atzerodt Herold, Payne and Mary Surratt -- are led from their CELL Mary clenches ROSARY BEADS firmly in her RIGHT HAND. 115. The Prison Doctor tends to Anna inside Mary's cell. He pl her hand across her chest -- Mary's HAIR BRACELET now res on Anna's heart. Aiken abandons his buggy in TRAFFIC, and begins weaving h way through the crowd. He throws off his UNION JACKET as passing carriage rides over it, grinding it into the grou Inside the PRISON COURTYARD, HUNDREDS of SPECTATORS and P excitedly await the spectacle about to happen. A Soldier opens a BLACK PARASOL over Mary's head to chivalrously shield her from the broiling midday SUN. The FOUR PRISONERS are now led across the COURTYARD, forced t pass a GAUNTLET of onlookers on their way to the GALLOWS. Aiken navigates a gauntlet of his own OUTSIDE the PRISON WALLS as VENDORS gleefully hawk LEMONADE and CAKES. Mary ascends the GALLOWS where the HANGMAN now awaits. Ai ushes past the MOBS, racing inside the PRISON WALLS. Fath alter, now by Mary's side, administers FINAL RITES. The other THREE PRISONERS are readied, with WHITE HOODS covering their heads to conceal their panicked faces. The HANGMAN removes Mary's BONNET and VEIL, fastening her han behind her back, and her skirt about her knees. Aiken rushes inside the COURTYARD, past BAKER and CATHERI desperate to see Mary before it's too late. He spots Mary. She sees him too. A SMALL SMILE springs to her lips. Aiken SMILES BACK, wiping tears from his eyes. He nods one LAST TIME to her. And she to him. The HANGMAN places the HOOD and NOOSE over Mary's head, a Aiken looks away -- unable to watch any more. Aiken feels a HAND on his shoulder. It belongs to REVERDY JOHNSON, who buttresses Aiken for what's about to happen. The PRISON COMMANDANT claps THREE TIMES -- Followed by FOUR SOLDIERS, who knock away the support bea beneath the platform holding up the PRISONERS -- The HANGING PLATFORM swings down on its hinges as Mary an the others jerk downward with a terrifying...