13) 0) text: Annie, the cook, carrying a mixing spoon and flushed and grumpy from her labors in the kitchen, goes to the door a admits Mrs. Mason. Annie wears a black uniform covered by large kitchen apron.
13) 3) dialog: (as she passes bedroom) It's your mother-in-law.
21) 0) text: Annie enters from kitchen and goes to sideboard. She open drawer to look for nut cracker.
21) 2) dialog: (resentfully) The left side was the right side where I worked before.
22) 0) text: Annie is busy at the stove. She isn't accustomed to dinne for six and is in a violent temper.
22) 2) dialog: I don't know how many hands they expect you to have in this place! There's just so much a body can do! I'm only human. Annie places tray before Mrs. Mason.
22) 4) dialog: I'm only human.
23) 1) dialog: I'm leavin'.
23) 3) dialog: Right now. You can stand just so much. I'm only human.
23) 5) dialog: I can't please everybody.
23) 6) text: (understanding reference to mother- in-law and depressed -- then frantic) Oh... But, Annie -- my guests will be here any minute!
24) 0) text: She takes the top off the soup kettle, tastes it, adds a little salt -- looks at the potatoes, adds a large hunk o butter -- opens oven, looks at roast, turns down gas jet. short, she completely edits Annie's dinner.
25) 1) dialog: Well, I'll see you through dinner, but I'm leaving at nine o'clock sharp to catch the nine-thirty fairy boat to Staten Island -- an' nobody's goin' to stop me! (she exits)
26) 1) dialog: (enters from bedroom, muttering under her breath) I'm only human. Mrs. Mason leaves kitchen as Annie enters it.
29) 0) dialog: Her face grim, a large serving platter in her arms. CAMER DRAWS BACK and we see she is serving Doolittle, squeezing against him so that he is in a very awkward position. An appalling silence hangs over the table. From the conditio of the various plates, we can see it is Annie's second ti around. Doolittle manages to spear a slice. He puts it on his plate and is about to reach for another when he finds that Annie has moved on to Jane. A little bewildered, Doolittle places the serving fork and spoon on the edge o the platter. He has to reach across Jane to do this.
29) 9) dialog: (loudly) There ain't any more. Doolittle decides to start on his salad. He can't find a salad fork. With a crucified expression, he uses his meat fork. Annie starts toward the kitchen.
29) 11) dialog: (as she exits into kitchen) I put one there. The swinging door closes behind her.
29) 22) text: Annie has been serving the dessert. She sets a plate of a liquid ice cream before the Judge. He stares at it.
29) 24) dialog: I told you to have the ice box fixed. She puts a piece of paper alongside Jane's plate. Jane lo at the note.
29) 28) text: She looks across the table and tries to mouth the import Annie's message to Johnny.
30) 2) dialog: No!
30) 4) dialog: (adamant -- in a loud voice) I want my twelve dollars now!
30) 5) text: (whispering and trying to shush her) All right, Annie -- all right. I'll get it for you. I'll get it -- maybe. Turns to go out.