81) 4) dialog: Let me talk to him. (he takes the phone from Hatton's hands and speaks into it; belligerently) Now listen you -- what do you think this is -- a suicide club? You can't expect anybody in his right mind to fly a plane on a night like this -- especially an old crate with whiskers. Why don't you -- (he listens a moment and we see his truculence gradually melting) Sure... That's tough... we'd certainly like to help you -- ain't there no other place you could get some of the stuff? Maybe in a few hours, when the weather clears up -- (he listens a moment -- his expression changes. He puts his hand over the receiver and turns to the group around him) (in an awed voice) Gee, the guy's crying -- (picks up receiver) Now wait a minute, buddy... take it easy... Suppose we -- maybe I -- hold the wire! (he puts his hand over receiver and turns to the group behind him; helplessly He just won't take No for an answer. (hesitates, then speaks to Hatton) Jim, could I borrow your plane?
81) 6) dialog: You know how it is -- you've got kids of your own. Suppose you was in his place --
81) 10) dialog: Then you can keep the whole five -- I won't need it.
81) 12) dialog: (speaking into phone) Okay, buddy -- relax.
84) 0) text: He is worried, reaches for the radio transmitter and yell into the mouthpiece. His voice cannot be heard over the r of the motor and the howling wind. Conway shakes his head, getting over that he gets no resp His radio is evidently out of commission. He takes off th head-set -- glances at the instrument board.
85) 5) text: Conway writes: "6:40 A. M. Radio dead. Fighting for altitude. Terrific d draft. Forc--" A sudden lurch of the plane snaps the lead in the pencil.
86) 3) text: Come in! (waits -- no answer comes -- he speaks again with increasing anxiety) Can't you read me, Conway? Can't you read me? Come in, Conway. (still no answer; turns dial; shakes his head in despair -- in dead, hopeless voice) Denver calling Newark. Do you read me, Newark?
89) 15) text: With Conway's flash light shining on it.
94) 3) dialog: Crawling along the field. As his body is lost in the fog,
95) 2) dialog: I'm hurt. Will you help me?
96) 0) text: Farmer and his wife helping Conway into the room. They st frightened, and bewildered at the strange figure they hav let in out of the night.
96) 2) dialog: Never mind that -- what place is this?
96) 4) dialog: Where's that?
96) 6) text: Well, for mercy sakes alive. The farmer drops to his knees beside Conway. He turns the unconscious form over and looks down into Conway's face. Suddenly the farmer catches sight of the package of serum which is protruding from the open front of Conway's flyin suit. The farmer pulls the package out and stares at it.
99) 0) text: Dr. Healy, Judge Doolittle, Ed Conway, the pilot who brou the serum. Conway's left leg is stiff and he leans on a c CAMERA PICKS UP our trio as the three lift their glasses and slug down their drinks, then set the empty glasses do on the bar.
99) 2) dialog: That's all very well, Joe -- but isn't it about time you bought one?
99) 4) dialog: (speaks into mouthpiece) Conway calling Doolittle...