1) 0) text: An old, blue Ambassador is parked in the middle of a star and barren landscape. A shabby building stands at a dista The camera is in the boot of the car and as the boot is lifted, we see Nandu (35) and Brian (34) silhouetted agai a bright afternoon sky. Nandu has his hands on his hips a Brian is peering into the boot. They are both dressed in unkempt winter clothes and look dishevelled. The camera is behind them now as Nandu and Brian awkwardl struggle to hoist a dead body wrapped in a sheet into the trunk. It does not fit. Nandu holds on to the feet that s out in an awkward position.
1) 1) dialog: (Holding onto the head) Why don’t you bend the knees, like in a foetal position? They exchange a look. They put the body in a foetal posit it fits. They slam the boot shut. On black we hear,
1) 2) dialog: You're okay to drive?
1) 4) dialog: Yup. The doors close and the ignition starts. As the blue ambassador drives away we see revealed the dilapidated si Ranchi Morgue, against a stark landscape.
2) 2) text: Through the window of the driver’s seat we see Nandu driv Brian is sitting in the passenger’s seat. He lights two cigarettes and gives Nandu one.
11) 0) text: Nandu opens the front door. The jeep halts at the veranda Their local friends Brian and Vikram step out of the jeep 11. Vikramjit Choudhary (38), a moustached man wears a rugged leather jacket, faded jeans and boots. Brian McKenzie (34 pleasant faced, burly Anglo-Indian man wears a hand knitt sweater and has a distinct small-town demeanor in compari to Vikram's confident swagger.
11) 2) dialog: Ghodi ya gaadi? Dekho jamai babu ko dowry mein kya mila. Brian gestures to VIKRAM’s new jeep.
12) 11) dialog: So am I! We really missed you guys.
12) 20) dialog: Vikram man! Nothing yaa... I may finally have a job.
13) 2) dialog: Let’s see once I get there.
13) 4) dialog: Feb onwards, I think.
18) 0) text: Uncle, Aunty, Brian and Bonnie are playing bluff at the table. Tani has fallen asleep on the sofa. Vikram, Mimi a Nandu are drinking and chatting. Uncle dramatically puts his last four cards.
18) 7) dialog: Aunty don’t do it. I’m telling you! Aunty turns over the cards which turn out to be 4 kings.
18) 12) dialog: See you at lunch tomorrow, Uncle!
20) 3) dialog: Even I was there! No one was lifting it for Christ’s sake!
20) 8) dialog: But it’s true. These things happen... Sometimes spirits inhabit people or objects and just never ever leave.
20) 12) dialog: Oh no let’s not! I have to go back and sleep alone.
20) 15) dialog: You can do it through a medium also na? Like in Exorcist?
20) 26) dialog: Chal, ok you don’t have to be a medium...
20) 29) dialog: But they’re dead ya. How can they feel pain?
20) 34) dialog: But wait, do we have to make a chart and all now?
20) 46) dialog: Come on guys! Hurry up! Maniya lights the candle at the table. Vikram is doing something at the bar.
22) 3) dialog: (whispering) Ask if any good spirit is passing by?
22) 6) dialog: Aye Bugger, you made that noise! Nandu raises his hands to show Brian. Brian looks around checks under the table.
24) 0) text: Brian has picked a couple of stones and is aiming at a window.
29) 0) text: The car drives off as Shutu closes the gate behind it. EXT. BRIAN’S HOUSE - STREAM. DAY 48 Brian, Vikram, Nandu and Mimi are horsing around at the stream. Vikram and Nandu are trying to get Brian wet and off his shirt which happens to rip apart. 36.
30) 0) text: Brian is in the lawn where Tani is playing with a few pup in a basket. Mrs. McKenzie, Uncle and Aunty are sitting o white cane chairs and chatting. There is a bowl of chips, peeled, half eaten orange and a few glasses of juice in f of them.
30) 2) dialog: They don’t have names. We are giving them away.
30) 4) dialog: This one hasn’t found a home yet, so I guess he can stay here with us. Brian notices Tani’s sympathetic face.
30) 5) dialog: Unless... you want to keep him?
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
46) 1) dialog: But there is so much space! We’1l just draw two lines here.. There is 1, 2, 3...
46) 3) dialog: Why? Shutu will also play with us.
46) 13) dialog: Hang on! Let’s flip a coin.
46) 16) dialog: Maniya, mere team mein.
46) 18) dialog: Bonnie, you come over here! Vikram looks between Shutu and Manjari, the two players l planning his strategy. Shutu makes a move to get up. Tani gives him an apprehensive look. Shutu winks at her.
46) 20) dialog: Come on Shutu... You can play na? A line is drawn and game begins in a fun and playful mood Tani gets into the bathtub and pretends to be the referee 67 67. 68 69 52. Brian is the first player to raid Vikram’s court. Brian begins chanting “kabaddi-kabaddi” and moves rapidly towar their baulk line. At one point Brian swiftly touches Mimi runs toward the mid line. Mimi manages to grab him by his shirt, clings on to his neck and hangs off his back. Bria walks back into his court seemingly oblivious.
46) 21) dialog: What? What! Something on me? Everyone laughs. Shutu starts playing really well. He is cheered on by everyone, particularly by Mimi and Bonnie.
46) 22) dialog: Well done Shuts!
50) 0) text: Brian tries to break up the fight but Shutu somehow manag to wriggle out of Vikram’s vice like grip, tries to kick in the groin but misses. Furious with Shutu’s audacity, Vikram comes back after him in a fit of rage. Aunty walks out into the backyard from the mesh door. Shutu’s lip bleeds profusely and everyone goes over to hi Mimi is the only one who rushes to Vikram.
64) 26) dialog: Ya! Wasn't it just yesterday that you were close to losing your manhood, bugger? (Turning to Purnima) I’m sorry ha.. I know we’ve just met, but I’m saying for your sake only. 88 66.
64) 31) dialog: Ya! Plus it’1ll protect the family jewels!
67) 0) text: Everyone is wishing each other. Mrs. McKenzie hugs Brian.
90) 7) dialog: Hey! You guys want to keep this bugger or not? This fellow keeps coming back to his mom all the time...
90) 9) dialog: No. I found him in the garden with his mother. Manjari comes and stands at the door. 84.
90) 37) dialog: Listen Vikram, she’s not in the house.
93) 12) dialog: Guys, guys.
95) 9) dialog: I only came at 4:30 and now it’s almost 6!
95) 13) dialog: Ya. And I‘1l go check at my place first. Brian puts on his jacket and leaves.
122) 0) text: Through the window of the driver’s seat we see Nandu in t foreground in profile, driving and smoking. In the backgr we see a grim Brian sitting in the front passenger seat w a hanky to his mouth. Through the front windscreen we see Shutu wearing the sam clothes as the last time we saw him. He sits in the middl the backseat, looking worried, scared and sad. We move to extreme close up.