21) 2) dialog: Sab sueet gele hai?
28) 0) text: Aunty and Manjari are in the verandah. Bonnie and Mimi ha walked ahead on the driveway.
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
51) 0) text: Nandu, Bonnie, Mimi, Shutu and Tani sit at the dining tab silently eating their lunch. Manjari brings in more rotis Aunty serves it to them. Uncle saunters in wearing a hat joins them at the table.
57) 0) text: Manjari hangs the clothes on the line when she hears Aunt call out to her. Maniya goes to pick up a bucket of water from the under the sun.
57) 1) dialog: E sab ja payega kha?
63) 0) text: Aunty and Bonnie arrange the mats and cutlery on the tabl Manjari brings in a casserole and places it down. In the background, the music continues.
68) 0) text: Auld Lang Syne continues - Maniya and Manjari eat, sittin the floor. Manjari shares her food with the puppy.
84) 0) text: A long shot of Manjari folding clothes in a quiet corner the kitchen. We follow her as she takes the pile of folde laundry from room to room. Manjari goes to Mimi’s room first. The door is ajar, the is empty. She enters and keeps the pile down on the bed. Next she comes to Aunty’s room and finds the door left op She walks in and finds Aunty sleeping alone, in the same position as we saw her last. She leaves a few clothes on dresser and exits. Finally, Manjari comes to Bonnie’s room and knocks on the door. There’s no response.
84) 2) dialog: Didi Kapde! Bonnie who was going down on Nandu under a sheet, pops he head out for a moment.
88) 0) text: Manjari is putting away dishes in the cabinet. Bonnie wal in and fills a kettle with water at the sink.
88) 2) dialog: Bahar pilla ke saath khel raha tha. Bonnie puts the kettle on the stove.
90) 10) dialog: Ghar pe aur koi nahi hain.
95) 7) dialog: Pata nahi... (Turns to Bonnie ) O, kapde dene ke liye aaya tha na? Uss se pehle. Bonnie and Nandu exchange a look.
98) 0) text: Manjari and a couple of other Adivasi women search the grounds, calling out to each other in their own language. Holding a lantern, Manjari stomps her stick on the ground she searches for Tani.
98) 1) dialog: Main bole khojat rahi, lekin nahi bol rahi. MANJARI’S FRIEND Ka?
98) 2) dialog: Raat ke lombad nikle lani. MANJARI’S FRIEND Ek baar fash gelak rahi jaal main se la dubara nahi aawi. They exchange a look.
108) 13) dialog: Par Shutu Bhaiya toh nahi aaya.
112) 0) text: Fade in. Manjari sweeps the verandah. The super reads Day 7/Sunday (2nd JANUARY)