8) 8) dialog: Arrey I was ready and waiting for you guys for ages! Maniya’s wife, Manjari, (45) also their cook, comes to he Shutu with the luggage. Shutu picks up his backpack and proceeds to the verandah.
9) 7) dialog: And nobody ever steals anything in Cal na? Mimi walks across with her bag.
9) 9) dialog: What? Really? Shutu looks surprised.
12) 34) dialog: Mr. Vikramjit Choudhury! She jumps off the stool and comes across to hug him.
12) 35) dialog: Congratulations! How was the honeymoon? She leans in to kiss him on the cheek. Vikram kisses Mimi the lips, surprising her but she lets him.
18) 0) text: Uncle, Aunty, Brian and Bonnie are playing bluff at the table. Tani has fallen asleep on the sofa. Vikram, Mimi a Nandu are drinking and chatting. Uncle dramatically puts his last four cards.
18) 15) dialog: Arrey it’s only 10:30!
20) 0) text: Vikram is in the midst of an anecdote with the others cos sitting around the coffee table, the fire lit behind them Mimi has a shawl wrapped around and her hair falls loosel over her shoulders. She sits cross-legged on the carpeted floor. Shutu, also sits on the floor and stares at Vikram with wide-eyed concentration.
20) 5) dialog: So you’re saying that your neighbor, Uncle Harris, re- established contact with the living world as a wooden table?
20) 11) dialog: Okay okay! Let’s just start now. Nandu, come sit down here. Mimi pats the carpet next to her. Nandu looks at her from arm chair but doesn’t budge.
20) 23) dialog: Ya. Nehru really needs to have a chat with his daughter! Everyone breaks into laughter except Shutu. Shutu looks uneasy.
20) 33) dialog: Come on Shutu. Grow up! Shutu smiles and sits back down reluctantly. 26.
22) 11) dialog: Wait, wait. Let’s try again.
22) 27) dialog: That’s not a yes or no question!
24) 4) dialog: Wow! It’s a full moon night. (Pause) Hey, what’s that sound?
27) 5) dialog: Why? Vikram and his gang go for shikaar quite often. They hunt for wild boar and all. Aunty comes out of her bedroom, hurriedly putting on her watch.
28) 0) text: Aunty and Manjari are in the verandah. Bonnie and Mimi ha walked ahead on the driveway.
29) 0) text: The car drives off as Shutu closes the gate behind it. EXT. BRIAN’S HOUSE - STREAM. DAY 48 Brian, Vikram, Nandu and Mimi are horsing around at the stream. Vikram and Nandu are trying to get Brian wet and off his shirt which happens to rip apart. 36.
29) 8) dialog: It’s fun! Come na Bonnie!
31) 0) text: Bonnie is ankle deep in the water near Mimi, contemplatin whether she should go in further.
31) 4) dialog: (Teeth chattering) I can’t feel my feet anymore! I’m going back now.
32) 0) text: Nandu and Vikram wear their shoes, drying themselves in t sun. They are watching Bonnie and Mimi walking in the distance. Vikram’s gaze is fixed on Mimi. Nandu notices h
33) 5) dialog: Umm. Pepper chicken, coconut rice...
35) 0) text: Post lunch, Uncle has nodded off in his arm chair. The ot are sitting around and having desert on the chairs. Shutu lying on the rug, reading 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne. Mimi notices his book as she takes out cream from her handbag.
35) 1) dialog: What are you reading? Shutu shows her the book.
35) 3) dialog: You should have really studied Literature. You're what, third year now?
35) 5) dialog: You're toh always first class first na? Weren’t you planning to go abroad or something?
35) 7) dialog: And if you don’t get that? Shutu smiles and shrugs.
35) 8) dialog: (teasingly) Does that leave you much time for a girlfriend? Shutu laughs sheepishly.
35) 9) dialog: Come on, a handsome boy like you! At this point Aunty calls out to Shutu, holding out her desert dish.
36) 0) text: Nandu drives disdainfully with Uncle, Aunty and Tani in t back seat. Tani is holding a basket with the puppy in it. one point they over take Bonnie, Mimi and Shutu who are walking back home. INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT. 59 Tani is sitting on the bed like a proud mother with the p asleep on her lap. Aunty sits behind her, combing her lon hair. Tani is trying hard to stay still so that the puppy doesn’t wake up. Mimi is lying on the bed as Bonnie tidie the room.
36) 1) dialog: I hope this one has better luck than your previous pets.
36) 3) dialog: Of course! Along with Wolfie, Sheeba and what was the name of that tortoise?
36) 8) dialog: Ya because we all forgot to bring him back!
36) 11) dialog: Come back? I’m sure the adivasis have eaten him by now! Tani looks horrified.
36) 15) dialog: And who's going to look after him once we go back?
36) 21) dialog: Who’s going to stay with you now? I have to go work now. Aunty gets up. Bonnie and Tani go into the bathroom. Mimi lies down on the bed with the puppy curled up on her ches
41) 10) dialog: You never minded me touching her. Vikram laughs and revs the engine. Nandu comes back out a raises his eyebrows at the sight of Mimi on the bike hold Vikram. Vikram looks a little uncomfortable. 64 64.
42) 0) text: Mimi pours herself a drink at the bar. Shutu is clearing the chess pieces near a dying fire. Mimi sits down in an armchair.
42) 1) dialog: So who was winning?
42) 3) dialog: You’re so pretty, you could be a girl. Shutu looks at her with an unsure smile.
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
46) 2) dialog: I’m telling you there’s not enough people for kabaddi.
46) 10) dialog: Bonnie, you and I can’t be in the same team.
49) 2) dialog: VIKRAM, stop it!
50) 0) text: Brian tries to break up the fight but Shutu somehow manag to wriggle out of Vikram’s vice like grip, tries to kick in the groin but misses. Furious with Shutu’s audacity, Vikram comes back after him in a fit of rage. Aunty walks out into the backyard from the mesh door. Shutu’s lip bleeds profusely and everyone goes over to hi Mimi is the only one who rushes to Vikram.
51) 0) text: Nandu, Bonnie, Mimi, Shutu and Tani sit at the dining tab silently eating their lunch. Manjari brings in more rotis Aunty serves it to them. Uncle saunters in wearing a hat joins them at the table.
59) 0) text: Bonnie is frying the spices and onions in a large wok on stove. Mimi is chopping potatoes at the counter.
59) 1) dialog: So who’s this slut Vikram has married? Bonnie rolls her eyes.
59) 2) dialog: Isn't she much younger than him?
59) 4) dialog: What’s her name?
59) 6) dialog: Khasi?
59) 8) dialog: You saw the new jeep?
59) 10) dialog: Royalty my ass. (Pause) What time are they coming tonight?
59) 12) dialog: I haven't cut it yet. I’m still on the aloo.
59) 14) dialog: But you didn’t say! We can always fry it separately and add it in the end.
59) 16) dialog: (Irately) Fine. How do you want it?
59) 18) dialog: Well obviously I can’t puree it for you now.
61) 0) text: PURNIMA (25), Vikram’s Assamese wife, confidently sings a beautiful Bihu song oblivious to her surroundings. She lo like a new bride; wearing a mekhla chador, wedding bangle and a thick line of sindoor. She’s unsophisticated, yet s Tani sits next to her, watching her adoringly and occasionally touching her chador. Bonnie motions Tani not disturb Purnima. Tani flatly refuses. Over Purnima’s shoulder, we see Nandu, Shutu, Mrs McKenzi and Uncle who is smoking a cigar. Everyone is sitting aro her, immersed in the song. Aunty is pleasantly surprised, she exchanges an approving look with Bonnie. Vikram accompanies Purnima on a guitar. Mimi is sizing her up, while sipping her third drink. Pur finishes the song, everyone starts to clap. 85. 86 62.
61) 7) dialog: Ya, let’s have a faster song! A fun one we can dance to! Bonnie sings ‘Dhitang Dhitang Bole’ with others joining i Brian joins along on his harmonica. Vikram plays the drum a table. Nandu picks up Tani and dances with her. Uncle a Aunty try a jive; Vikram and Purnima do a twist. Shutu si alone on the sofa, trying to look busy with a magazine. M pulls him up. She dances provocatively and being a little high, trips on her sari twisting her ankle.
64) 0) text: The older people and Tani are seated at the dining table while Nandu, Shutu, Mimi, Vikram and Purnima sit on the s with their plates. Bonnie is serving herself at the table
64) 4) dialog: (Giving a drunken salute) Oh please! I was just following orders. Bonnie gives Mimi a look. Tani leaves her half eaten food goes and sits on Purnima’s lap. Purnima is talking to Shu Vikram is sitting opposite them.
64) 22) dialog: (Touching Shutu’s shoulder) I think earrings will really suit you VIKRAM.
64) 25) dialog: Well, it seems you’re not taking very good care of YOUR family jewels, VIKRAM.
64) 28) dialog: What Vikram really needs is a chastity belt. At least Purnima can breathe easy when she’s away.
64) 30) dialog: Everyone laughs. Purnima hasn’t followed the conversation completely but laughs sportingly.
64) 33) dialog: Hear! Hear! Everyone raises their glasses, laughing. Bonnie notices a Mimi, laughing helplessly, slips off the arm of the sofa collapses on Shutu’s shoulder.
66) 0) text: In the corridor, Bonnie pulls Mimi aside and whispers.
66) 2) dialog: Why? What’s wrong?
66) 4) dialog: Excuse me?
66) 6) dialog: So tell him. I’m not the one who's married.
66) 9) dialog: I’m fine. Don’t worry about me. Mimi makes a move to go. They hear Nandu.
70) 0) text: Shutu is alone in the darkened room, locking the door. He turns around at a sudden movement. Mimi has come and stoo behind the sofa.
70) 1) dialog: Arrey! Party’s over? She makes her way to the armchair and sits down with a gr and opens her hair.
70) 3) dialog: Can you get me another drink instead?
70) 5) dialog: I think I may have twisted my ankle. See? 97 70. Shutu tries to hold her ankle gently but hurts her inadvertently.
70) 6) dialog: Ow!
70) 8) dialog: (Laughs ) It’s okay, Shutu! An awkward silence.
70) 10) dialog: (Making a sad face) But I don’t have any golden payals! Mimi looks at him contemplatively as he attempts to rotat her ankle. She takes a moment before she makes a move to up.
70) 11) dialog: I better go to bed.
71) 0) text: Mimi and Shutu walk down the corridor. She is a little unsteady on her feet and has her arm around Shutu’s shoul Shutu’s arm is around her waist. He is holding her shoes his other hand.
71) 1) dialog: (Squeals) You have such cold hands Shutu!
74) 0) text: Mimi opens her door a crack and peeps out apprehensively. is wearing fresh clothes and her face is scrubbed clean o last night’s makeup. Her hair is pulled back into a sober ponytail. She walks gingerly down the corridor and goes t the kitchen.
75) 0) text: Mimi pours and drinks a whole glass of water. She notices empty breakfast plates in the sink. She walks over to the stove, lifts the lid off the wok and picks up remnants of bhurji to eat. Bonnie walks in, notices Mimi.
75) 2) dialog: Oh, okay.
75) 4) dialog: Happy New Year!
76) 2) dialog: Happy New Year Uncle! Mimi happens to sit down next to Shutu on the cane two seater.
76) 5) dialog: Not really.
76) 9) dialog: (Raising her eyebrows to signal) Match? Shutu stares at her blankly. Mimi is amused. In the background, Tani’s eyes dart between the two. Mimi leans across Shutu to pick up the matchbox herself. 105 106 74.
77) 0) text: Shutu anxiously fidgets with the rubik’s cube. He notices Mimi who walks out to the verandah with her writing mater and sits. Shutu’s gaze follows her.
79) 0) text: Mimi uses her book to shade her eyes from the sun. She is almost asleep. A sudden movement makes Mimi open her eyes She lifts the book a little and squints into the distance 108 109 76. With Mimi’s brightly painted toenails in the foreground, see Shutu approaching, awkwardly walking the bike. Mimi l amused. As he comes closer, Shutu gives her a shy smile and looks away as he keeps walking determinedly. His hair falls ove his black eye that has now turned an ugly purple. He trie move it with a jerk of his head. He comes up to her and stands there, slightly out of breath.
79) 2) dialog: Only if you let me ride it.
81) 0) text: Shutu looks a little distracted as Mimi rides the bike. S awkwardly holds the seat for support. Mimi is enjoying th wind in her hair. They ride through the lonely lanes of t Gunj. She stops the bike, gets off and enters the gate of McCluskiegunj cemetery.
81) 2) dialog: (With a smile) Come? Without waiting for a response, Mimi goes inside.
82) 0) text: Shutu catches up with Mimi who has stopped at a graveston
82) 1) dialog: Mrs. Gladys McGowan. Arrived on 18th July 1897. Departed on 12th August 1958. She left even as she had tried to live in grace and beauty.
82) 3) dialog: We could... (Distracted by something) Isn’t that Curney? Shutu squints into the distance. In a long shot, Mrs. Curney is kneeling at a grave furthe away.
82) 4) dialog: Mrs. Curney! The woman turns her face to them partially, then gets up walks away.
82) 5) dialog: Mrs. Curney? (Turning back) Is she ignoring us?
82) 7) dialog: Elizabeth Curney. Born 1959 - Died 1965. (Gasps) Only 6 years old! Mimi’s eyes travel down to the candle. She runs her hands over the flower arrangement. Lifting the napkin, she find slice of cake and looks delighted.
82) 8) dialog: Want?
82) 11) dialog: Why?
82) 13) dialog: She just left it! You’re always so proper Shutu. It’s very boring. 112 79.
82) 15) dialog: Who is it meant for? Elizabeth Curney? Mimi breaks off a bit of the cake and forces a little int Shutu’s mouth. He tries to resist but ends up eating a bi it. Mimi laughs mischievously.
82) 16) dialog: (Walking away) Delicious, isn’t it? Shutu spits and wipes his mouth. He looks further ahead t check if Mrs. Curney is still there.
82) 18) dialog: (Looks around)
82) 19) dialog: Shutu walks away from the gravestone and looks further in distance. He stands alone for a few chilling moments. SHUTU (CONT’D) Mimi, we have to return Vikram’s bike also. Mimi suddenly jumps out from behind the tree and pounces him.
82) 20) dialog: (Covering his eyes, Exorcist voice) I’m the ghost of Elizabeth Curney. I suck cock in hell! Shutu jumps out of his skin. Mimi collapses into giggles. Suddenly, Shutu pins her against the tree and aggressivel starts to kiss her.
84) 0) text: A long shot of Manjari folding clothes in a quiet corner the kitchen. We follow her as she takes the pile of folde laundry from room to room. Manjari goes to Mimi’s room first. The door is ajar, the is empty. She enters and keeps the pile down on the bed. Next she comes to Aunty’s room and finds the door left op She walks in and finds Aunty sleeping alone, in the same position as we saw her last. She leaves a few clothes on dresser and exits. Finally, Manjari comes to Bonnie’s room and knocks on the door. There’s no response.
86) 0) text: Shutu is blissfully lying on the grass, half asleep. Mimi hooks her bra strap shut from under her sweater. She frow into the distance to check if anyone has seen them.
86) 1) dialog: (brusquely) Hurry up! Let’s get back before it gets dark. As they walk away, we tilt down to see that he has writte ‘Shutu + Mimi’
87) 0) text: In a series of a fast paced shots we see Shutu riding the motorcycle, Mimi sitting behind him. Shutu wobbles a litt on the bike while Mimi laughs at his struggle. They look relaxed and happy. This is intercut with Tani’s running f We hear her call out to Fluffy.
90) 34) dialog: What happened? Bonnie ignores Mimi.
90) 38) dialog: (To Vikram) What happened? Where’s Tani? Vikram ignores her.
90) 39) dialog: You guys checked the whole house?
90) 41) dialog: I wanted to ride the bike, Vikram.
95) 14) dialog: I‘11l come with you VIKRAM. Vikram ignores her and exits from the front door. Mimi follows him. Nandu picks up his car keys. Bonnie comes up to Nandu at front door.
108) 1) dialog: We were coming back from Shrivastav’s house and thank god Vikram decided to check the back road... Nandu grabs Tani in his arms and kisses her.
108) 8) dialog: He said he was taking her to the doctor’s house.
118) 0) text: Shutu comes out of Aunty’s room. He walks down the corrid and comes across Mimi who is coming out of the kitchen wi an orange. They pass each other awkwardly searching for something to say.
118) 1) dialog: You're leaving? Shutu nods.
118) 2) dialog: Bardhaman?
118) 4) dialog: Shutu I... I think you should be concentrating on your studies a little more. 166 167 102. She turns and heads out of the door. Shutu takes a moment collect himself as he watches her leave through the mesh door.