1) 0) text: An old, blue Ambassador is parked in the middle of a star and barren landscape. A shabby building stands at a dista The camera is in the boot of the car and as the boot is lifted, we see Nandu (35) and Brian (34) silhouetted agai a bright afternoon sky. Nandu has his hands on his hips a Brian is peering into the boot. They are both dressed in unkempt winter clothes and look dishevelled. The camera is behind them now as Nandu and Brian awkwardl struggle to hoist a dead body wrapped in a sheet into the trunk. It does not fit. Nandu holds on to the feet that s out in an awkward position.
1) 3) dialog: Ya. You got the papers right?
2) 2) text: Through the window of the driver’s seat we see Nandu driv Brian is sitting in the passenger’s seat. He lights two cigarettes and gives Nandu one.
3) 3) dialog: All out. Shutu looks behind and turns back at Nandu, smiles and go back to his Rubik’s cube.
5) 2) dialog: If it’s still open. A shutter comes down on a shop as Nandu slows the car dow
6) 8) dialog: Curney’s special loaf! Mrs Curney laughs, pleased. 11
6) 10) dialog: Of course. You remember my cousin, Shutu?
6) 12) dialog: He’s not been in a while actually... (To shutu) When’s the last time you were here?
6) 14) dialog: We'd better hurry before it gets dark! Mrs. Curney takes out a small Christmas cake and places i the counter.
7) 0) text: The car is going down a dirt road at the end of which is Nandu’s parent’s house. It is a lonely, isolated property with few neighbours. There are dense forests behind the house. The car reaches the worn wooden gate and honks lou There is a nameplate which reads ‘COL. (Retd) O.P Bakshi.
8) 0) text: Maniya (45), the Adivasi caretaker, comes out onto the driveway with a torch to open the gate with a shy smile. is wearing a monkey cap and muffler. Nandu slows the car and Maniya leans in.
8) 1) dialog: Kaisa hain Maniya? Mahua ka intezaam ho gaya?
8) 4) dialog: Open the dicky for Maniya. Shutu catches the keys. As he opens the boot, he stands a and watches the family greet each other. From his POV, we the house for the first time. It is a modest bungalow wit circuit house feel.
8) 7) dialog: By the time we left, it was almost 6. And then we had to pick up this Mimi also.
9) 1) dialog: Why hasn't the fire been lit yet?
9) 4) dialog: You locked it?
9) 6) dialog: Go and lock it Shutu. This is Bihar!
9) 14) dialog: Just go and lock it up Shutu! Shutu abruptly turns around to go outside.
10) 1) dialog: How is your knee Baba? Better?
10) 3) dialog: Face it Ma, you guys will have to move back to Cal sooner or later.
10) 7) dialog: (Laughing) Baba, agar aapko peena hain toh Dr. Uncle ke saath piyo. (To Aunty) But if something happens, you're going to call Vikram only na to drive him to Maandar.
11) 0) text: Nandu opens the front door. The jeep halts at the veranda Their local friends Brian and Vikram step out of the jeep 11. Vikramjit Choudhary (38), a moustached man wears a rugged leather jacket, faded jeans and boots. Brian McKenzie (34 pleasant faced, burly Anglo-Indian man wears a hand knitt sweater and has a distinct small-town demeanor in compari to Vikram's confident swagger.
11) 1) dialog: Arrey Jamai babu! Where’s your ghodi? Vikram laughs sheepishly and hugs Nandu. Vikram holds Nandu’s face in both his hands and kisses his cheeks loud
11) 4) dialog: Made a killing ha? What happened to Stella? Nandu hugs Brian slapping him on his back. The three of t greet each other boisterously. NANDU (CONT’D) Brian! Good to see you man! Nandu notices Vikram taking out a big box from the back s of his jeep.
11) 5) dialog: What the fuck is that?
11) 7) dialog: So much maska you maaro na... They laugh as they walk towards the main door from where Shutu watches their exchange shyly.
12) 14) dialog: Tch, Bonnie really wanted to make it... just couldn’t get leave ya.
12) 16) dialog: You say when you are free? Tomorrow? Day after? Oh 31st!
12) 19) dialog: What plans? You’re also getting married?
13) 3) dialog: I’m glad you're getting out of here. When’s your joining date?
17) 5) dialog: What? What happened?
17) 8) dialog: (Dismissively walking away ) Nothing! It’s just a damn frog. Can’t expect to come to McCluskiegunj and not find a frog.
18) 0) text: Uncle, Aunty, Brian and Bonnie are playing bluff at the table. Tani has fallen asleep on the sofa. Vikram, Mimi a Nandu are drinking and chatting. Uncle dramatically puts his last four cards.
20) 2) dialog: Balls! How do you know someone wasn’t lifting it with their knees?
20) 18) dialog: Ya, because I’m not doing a planchet for just anyone.
20) 20) dialog: Are we even sure he’s really dead?
20) 22) dialog: Okay, Nehru then?
20) 38) dialog: Oh Maniya...
20) 40) dialog: Chaabi rakh do, hum kar lenge.
20) 44) dialog: Hang on! Let’s get our refills before starting. Nandu, Mimi and Vikram go to the bar. Bonnie and Brian mo to the dining table. Shutu doesn’t move from the sofa.
22) 4) dialog: Good spirits don’t come so easily. It’s the evil ones who are restless, wanting to communicate. Nandu looks at Shutu, who looks spooked. A prolonged sile
22) 7) dialog: I’m not doing anything! Vikram gives Brian a look. Brian catches on and plays alo
22) 12) dialog: Shh... Concentrate now. 29.
22) 15) dialog: (Urgently) Someone’s come.
22) 20) dialog: (Looking at VIKRAM) WERE you a man.
22) 28) dialog: Shhhhh!
24) 5) dialog: Arrey Maniya and all are awake! Come guys, let’s crash Maniya’s party! Nandu and Mimi walk ahead with Brian and Bonnie following Vikram takes aim at Shutu’s window once again.
27) 0) text: Fade in. Nandu dismounts the rifle from the wall. He blow away the dust from it. The super reads Day 3/Wednesday (29th DECEMBER)
27) 1) dialog: Look at the state of this rifle, Baba. Kaise pada hua hain? 34.
27) 3) dialog: Main saaf kar deta hoon na?
27) 7) dialog: (Yelling out) Bonnie! How much longer? Tani runs out and Bonnie follows, flustered.
27) 9) dialog: Even in winter?
28) 3) dialog: Come on Ma!
28) 5) dialog: But you haven’t driven in so long, Ma.
29) 0) text: The car drives off as Shutu closes the gate behind it. EXT. BRIAN’S HOUSE - STREAM. DAY 48 Brian, Vikram, Nandu and Mimi are horsing around at the stream. Vikram and Nandu are trying to get Brian wet and off his shirt which happens to rip apart. 36.
31) 3) dialog: Ya and she swam to Chatti Nadi. 51 52 38.
32) 0) text: Nandu and Vikram wear their shoes, drying themselves in t sun. They are watching Bonnie and Mimi walking in the distance. Vikram’s gaze is fixed on Mimi. Nandu notices h
32) 1) dialog: Nice view huh?
32) 3) dialog: (Looking pointedly at
32) 6) dialog: Question is why didn’t you get her along today?
33) 6) dialog: Cutlets! Nandu reaches out to pick up a cutlet and sits down next Mimi. Shutu is about to sit on the other side of Mimi.
35) 17) dialog: They're still saying bye. (He opens the door) Move in. Unless you want to drive us home? Tani giggles at the suggestion as she sidles up to Shutu makes space for her father. NANDU (CONT’D) No? What about you Shutu? Hmm? Its a short distance. Shutu brushes off the suggestion with a smile.
35) 19) dialog: Well it’s about time you did! Shutu looks unsure. Tani climbs over to the backseat, ver excited. 43.
35) 21) dialog: Let’s back it out of the gate. We'll take a quick chakker. Shutu fiddles with the gear, trying all the other gear positions before getting into reverse. As soon as he star the car and begins to reverse, the engine goes off. He nervously starts the car again. Nandu and Tani both look him apprehensively. Nandu looks behind to try to direct h NANDU (CONT’D) Ok, easy now. Watch out for that rock. The car moves back jerkily with a loud noise of the accelerator being pushed too hard. NANDU (CONT’D) Stop. Stop. Relax. Start again. Adjust the rear view mirror. Side view mirror? Hand brake? Shutu is beginning to sweat. He adjusts the mirrors. He starts the car again but the engine goes off. NANDU (CONT’D) Put the gear in neutral Shutu! Shutu fumbles with the gear. He is about to start again.
35) 22) dialog: 10 and 2. Shutu looks at him blankly. Nandu gets more exasperated. NANDU (CONT’D) Hand position Shutu! 10 and 2. Nandu places Shutu’s hands in the correct position. NANDU (CONT’D) Come on come on! Be grateful my dad isn’t teaching you. You know what he did when I made a mistake? Nandu raps Shutu on the back of his head, lightly.
35) 26) dialog: Relax Tani, this is how you learn. Hey! Nandu looks alarmed as the car moves unsteadily towards t gate. NANDU (CONT’D) Slow down, slow down! Stay left, left! Brake! Brake! Everyone at the lawn reacts to the crashing sound. In a w shot we see Shutu has lost control of the car. The left t light breaks and the car comes to an abrupt halt. Nandu g out and slams the door in irritation. NANDU (0.C.) (CONT’D) Jesus Shutu! Get out of the car.
36) 0) text: Nandu drives disdainfully with Uncle, Aunty and Tani in t back seat. Tani is holding a basket with the puppy in it. one point they over take Bonnie, Mimi and Shutu who are walking back home. INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT. 59 Tani is sitting on the bed like a proud mother with the p asleep on her lap. Aunty sits behind her, combing her lon hair. Tani is trying hard to stay still so that the puppy doesn’t wake up. Mimi is lying on the bed as Bonnie tidie the room.
37) 0) text: In the dimly lit room, Shutu sits on a stool and Nandu on arm chair. They are absorbed in a game of chess with just few chessmen remaining. Nandu sips his drink and observes Shutu’s move.
37) 1) dialog: Hmm... at least your chess is better than your driving. They hear footsteps from the corridor. Uncle walks into t living room wearing his flannel dressing gown and a miner helmet with a torch. He goes up to a cabinet, opens a dra and looks for something. NANDU (CONT’D) Kya hua Baba? Can’t sleep?
37) 3) dialog: What? What do you need? NANDU (CONT’D) Go to sleep Baba. We’1ll look for it in the morning. Uncle shuffles off towards his own room. Nandu looks back the board and is just about to make his next move when he hears footsteps again. His concentration is broken.
37) 4) dialog: Tch...! Bonnie walks in holding the bedding with the puppy in it.
37) 6) dialog: Stella!
41) 0) text: Vikram is circling the garden area, on his motorcycle. He clearly inebriated. Nandu comes down the verandah steps followed by Shutu.
41) 1) dialog: (delighted) Fucker, everyone will wake up. Vikram stops the bike at the verandah.
41) 3) dialog: It's freezing!
41) 5) dialog: Fuck off man.
41) 7) dialog: Ahh! Let me get my jacket. Nandu goes in, passing Mimi who has come out wearing a jacket. Vikram starts the engine.
41) 13) dialog: Move back. Vikram moves back as Nandu sits in front. NANDU (CONT’D) Shutu lock the door. I have the keys.
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
46) 5) dialog: Arrey Maniya can also play. Maniya, kabhi khela hain kabbadi?
46) 7) dialog: Challo good. Aa jao. Manjari tum bhi.
46) 9) dialog: Arrey chodo lakdi yaar.
49) 1) dialog: What is going on! Break it up now!
51) 0) text: Nandu, Bonnie, Mimi, Shutu and Tani sit at the dining tab silently eating their lunch. Manjari brings in more rotis Aunty serves it to them. Uncle saunters in wearing a hat joins them at the table.
51) 9) dialog: (Passing the cigarette) She’s asleep?
51) 11) dialog: He’s always been like that.
51) 13) dialog: Please, 23 is hardly a kid! We got married at that age.
51) 15) dialog: He does tend to get carried away. 76 56.
51) 17) dialog: (Looks back at her sharply) You were also a part of it.
51) 20) dialog: Kids lose their parents when they are 7,8,9... He’s a full grown man now.
51) 22) dialog: He needs to toughen up now and take care of his mother. Nandu gets up, stubs out the cigarette.
51) 23) dialog: Trust me. Nandu walks off leaving Bonnie outside, he bangs the door he goes in.
51) 25) dialog: (Whispers) Shutu, what happened? Shutu stares at him blankly. 77 78 78. 57. NANDU (CONT’D) It’s okay, come. Nandu puts his arm around Shutu’s shoulder and leads him to his bed. He tucks the mosquito net back in. Nandu goes through the bathroom towards his own room when spots the frog under the sink. He registers this with a f and walks away, carefully shutting the door behind him. A close shot of the frog staring balefully into the camer
61) 0) text: PURNIMA (25), Vikram’s Assamese wife, confidently sings a beautiful Bihu song oblivious to her surroundings. She lo like a new bride; wearing a mekhla chador, wedding bangle and a thick line of sindoor. She’s unsophisticated, yet s Tani sits next to her, watching her adoringly and occasionally touching her chador. Bonnie motions Tani not disturb Purnima. Tani flatly refuses. Over Purnima’s shoulder, we see Nandu, Shutu, Mrs McKenzi and Uncle who is smoking a cigar. Everyone is sitting aro her, immersed in the song. Aunty is pleasantly surprised, she exchanges an approving look with Bonnie. Vikram accompanies Purnima on a guitar. Mimi is sizing her up, while sipping her third drink. Pur finishes the song, everyone starts to clap. 85. 86 62.
64) 0) text: The older people and Tani are seated at the dining table while Nandu, Shutu, Mimi, Vikram and Purnima sit on the s with their plates. Bonnie is serving herself at the table
64) 20) dialog: Obviously, gold is so expensive that once only royalty could afford it.
64) 23) dialog: Yeah. He looks like a bandit already.
64) 27) dialog: We're just concerned about the royal heir. We don’t want the family to go into further decline.
64) 32) dialog: Perfect! A golden chastity belt for Vikram!
66) 10) dialog: Bonnie! Where are you? Mimi uses this moment to get away. Bonnie follows her.
76) 1) dialog: Okay, 20 across, actress in a best- selling swimsuit poster. 7 letters. Shutu? Shutu, with a prominent black eye, is rapidly solving the Rubik’s cube with clicking sounds. He stops and looks up Mimi walks out with a cup of tea and her book. He has fin changed out of the green sweater he has been wearing everyday. NANDU (CONT’D) Well. Good afternoon Mimi! Mimi gives him a withering look and plants a kiss on Uncl forehead.
76) 4) dialog: Slept well?
76) 6) dialog: Really? It’s only 12. You want to go sleep some more? Mimi ignores Nandu’s remark. Mimi meanwhile takes out a cigarette from the box lying on the table. The matchbox i little further away, towards Shutu. Mimi looks at Shutu expectantly. Shutu looks back at Mimi; nervous and uncomprehending. Over these visuals Nandu and Uncle’s conversation continues.
76) 8) dialog: Noooo... that’s too long. 7 letters. Aah! Bo Derek.
76) 10) dialog: Oh Shutu you’11 know this one! The high pitch of a loud siren drops as it moves past it’s observer. This is the dash effect. Shutu who was staring at mimi, turns almost by reflex.
76) 12) dialog: Yes! Mimi raises her eyebrows at Shutu and smiles, impressed.
89) 0) text: Nandu and Vikram are with Uncle at the verandah. Vikram stands next to Uncle and observes Uncle’s elaborate ritua
89) 3) dialog: Uska 10 meter range hain aur aapka pata nahi chalege ke bhi nahi. Kar lo target practice.
90) 12) dialog: Arrey she must be with Shutu.
90) 29) dialog: Where were you guys?
90) 36) dialog: Did you see her before leaving? Where was she? Mimi walks towards the verandah. 125 ¢ EXT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - VERANDAH. DUSK 125 ¢ Brian comes out from inside the house.
90) 46) dialog: Shutu. Where did you see her last?
90) 48) dialog: Okay but where? 125 126 127
91) 2) dialog: Maniya, pichein theek se jaakar dekho. Tub ke pass. Maniya goes off to check the backyard.
92) 3) dialog: What the hell are you doing Bonnie?
93) 1) dialog: You're just adding to the chaos. Sit still in one place.
93) 9) dialog: Shutu is a kid, okay? You can’t be counting on him to do your job.
93) 11) dialog: Bonnie, just shut up and let me think! Brian and Vikram come inside and try to break up the figh
95) 3) dialog: You can’t file a police complaint so soon? Can you Baba?
95) 8) dialog: (To VIKRAM) Must be around 4. Just before you came.
95) 16) dialog: No. You stay here.
95) 18) dialog: (Turning around and holding her shoulders) Baby, please stay here with Ma Baba. She might come back on her own and she’1ll want you here. We will find her, okay? Bonnie nods dumbly. She stands at the doorway as everyone leaves. NANDU (0.C.) (CONT’D) Shutu, come on. Get into the car.
97) 0) text: The headlights of Nandu’s car light up the misty orchard. trees get more dense. As the car slows down, Nandu and Sh roll down their windows and call out for Tani. They get out of the car. Nandu leaves the headlights on, jumps on to the hood of the car to get to a better vantag point. He shines the torch on the thick foliage.
97) 1) dialog: (Jumping off the car) You go in that direction, I'll take this side. They set off in different directions. The headlights rema on, lighting up the misty landscape.
99) 0) text: Shutu follows a dirt track in the wilderness. He’s pantin and his nose starts to run in the cold. There is a rustli of dry leaves and broken twigs as he makes his way throug the forest. Eerie bird calls pierce the night. Nandu’s vo wafts through the distance: ‘Taaa-ni!’ There is a sudden movement. Shutu goes in that direction. comes across a little clearing and decides to explore further. He starts walking faster but stops as the torch light illuminates Tani’s discarded belt lying on the fore floor. Shutu stares at it in horror and quickly picks it He thinks Tani must be nearby. He calls out her name repeatedly. In his excitement he trips over a rock and fa into an underground animal trap, letting out a shout. In a wide shot, we see the still forest, nobody is around hear Shutu’s muffled, underground struggle.
103) 0) text: Nandu stops in his tracks as the horn rings through the silence. He looks back in the direction of the house wher the sound seems to be coming from.
103) 1) dialog: Shutu! Shutu!
105) 0) text: Nandu gets no response from Shutu. He jumps into the car, lowers his window and yells out.
105) 1) dialog: Maniya! Challo vapas!
106) 0) text: Inside the trap, Shutu’s crouched in a corner. He hears t blaring horns and Nandu’s calls.
107) 0) text: Nandu’s car screeches to a halt as he parks it haphazardl near verandah. He runs in, leaving the car door open.
108) 0) text: Nandu finds Bonnie carrying Tani in her arms and kissing repeatedly. Tani is wearing VIKRAM’s jacket. Her dress is torn, her hair is an unruly mess, she has scraped her kne and is bare feet.
108) 2) dialog: Thank God you're safe! You are NOT to leave the house again!
108) 4) dialog: Where did you find her?
108) 6) dialog: Who’s Bahadur?
120) 14) dialog: Shutu! Shutu reacts to Nandu’s voice. His hands shake as he move the rifle ever so slightly. Vikram is now in the direct l of fire. NANDU (0.C.) (CONT’D) Bonnie take Tani inside! Uncle turns back from Vikram to see that the rifle is no longer aimed at him. He takes a step forward.
122) 0) text: Through the window of the driver’s seat we see Nandu in t foreground in profile, driving and smoking. In the backgr we see a grim Brian sitting in the front passenger seat w a hanky to his mouth. Through the front windscreen we see Shutu wearing the sam clothes as the last time we saw him. He sits in the middl the backseat, looking worried, scared and sad. We move to extreme close up.