4) 0) text: The ambassador drives past a rusty signboard that reads: ‘McCluskiegunj: your visit will surprise you’, with a map underneath. We stay on the board as the car drives by. Shutu leans out of his window to get a better look.
6) 11) dialog: Shyamal. Hello. Mrs Curney smiles vaguely at Nandu.
6) 13) dialog: Err... Just last year I think. Bonnie and Tani come back out. Nandu takes out his wallet
8) 10) dialog: (Bends down to touch her feet) Yes, Mashi. Thanks.
8) 12) dialog: Shob bhalo. (All well, thanks!) They proceed into the house.
9) 0) text: Shutu puts a few bags down near the round dining table on which lies Aunty’s knitting kit. It is a combined living dining room with a fireplace and a bar cabinet in a corne string of season’s greetings cards hang over the mantelpi Above the fireplace is mounted a rifle, a .30 semi-automa carbine. Shutu pauses to look at a few family photographs mounted the wall.
9) 5) dialog: Uh.. No.
10) 0) text: Shutu is huddled at the fire that has just been lit. Nand pouring the drinks and looks anxiously at his father. Aun walks in with serviettes.
13) 0) text: As Shutu walks in, others have gathered around the dining table, sitting down for dinner.
13) 5) dialog: (sits down next to Brian) Congratulations Brian!
15) 0) text: Fade in. 27 28 17. Shutu and Tani walk down a path off the backyard, lined b series of trees. He has a rope strung around his shoulder while he tries to roll a tire ahead of him. Tani helps hi Shutu sets the tire down, jumps and tries to touch the br of a tree. He can’t reach it. The super reads Day 2/Tuesday (28th DECEMBER)
15) 2) dialog: It’s ahead. She looks around and runs towards a tree with a large tru Some names have been scratched onto the bark. She runs ar the trunk, reading the names aloud.
17) 2) dialog: Uh... It’s not there? Shutu is tying a knot around the tyre.
17) 18) dialog: What happened?
17) 20) dialog: Why?
17) 22) dialog: No cement? Where’s Bonnie di?
17) 24) dialog: Baba?
17) 26) dialog: Hmm.
17) 28) dialog: I was er... Shutu flips his journal open. It is full of random scribb and drawings. It opens on a page where Shutu has sketched many frogs. SHUTU (CONT’D) I was trying to draw the frog, see? Tani gets up and comes over to the desk, delighted.
17) 31) dialog: Those are my e words. Words I like that start with ‘E’. Tani starts reading the words aloud as we pull back to se the two of them poring over the notebook together in a qu corner of the room. Tani starts reading the words aloud, stumbling over the pronunciations. We can hear gentle sno coming from one of the bedrooms.
19) 0) text: Shutu is out for a cigarette. From his POV we see Bonnie she walks over to the window to close the curtains.
20) 0) text: Vikram is in the midst of an anecdote with the others cos sitting around the coffee table, the fire lit behind them Mimi has a shawl wrapped around and her hair falls loosel over her shoulders. She sits cross-legged on the carpeted floor. Shutu, also sits on the floor and stares at Vikram with wide-eyed concentration.
20) 9) dialog: Why would they come back at all?
20) 25) dialog: No, no I don’t want to take part in all this.
20) 28) dialog: (hesitant) No no it... I believe it causes them a lot of pain or something. The others laugh. Vikram and Nandu exchange a look.
20) 30) dialog: (While getting up) You all carry on I’m going, I’m quite sleepy.
20) 32) dialog: No, no. Nothing like that...
22) 8) dialog: Somebody made that sound right?
22) 39) dialog: (In a strangled voice) I’m going to bed. As Shutu exits, Bonnie realizes it’s a prank as they all start laughing.
23) 0) text: A visibly disturbed Shutu leaves the room with an urgency goes into his room. He gets under the mosquito net and hi under the blanket. INT. BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT 38. A Tani is asleep. We track back from her to include the win There is muffled laughter from out side.
25) 0) text: The fire is out. The sound of a heartbeat gradually incre in intensity. On the mantle piece we see dusty memorabili like army medals, photographs and a plaque. Above that is mounted the Rifle. A hand enters frame and plucks the rif off the wall. We follow the hand through the corridor int Shutu’s room. One hand holds the rifle, the other lifts t mosquito net. The hand pulls down the blanket from Shutu’ face. It turns Shutu’s face towards camera with the barre the rifle. Shutu’s face lolls back in such a way, we real he is already dead.
29) 0) text: The car drives off as Shutu closes the gate behind it. EXT. BRIAN’S HOUSE - STREAM. DAY 48 Brian, Vikram, Nandu and Mimi are horsing around at the stream. Vikram and Nandu are trying to get Brian wet and off his shirt which happens to rip apart. 36.
33) 9) dialog: Ya. I’ll help you. Come on Bonnie di. Bonnie rolls her eyes at Shutu.
34) 0) text: In the foreground, we see a glass of juice knocked over o the rug, flies hovering around a half eaten orange, the p of Shutu’s novel flutter in the breeze. In the background see the dining table in a blur, Tani and the dogs running around it with abandon.
35) 0) text: Post lunch, Uncle has nodded off in his arm chair. The ot are sitting around and having desert on the chairs. Shutu lying on the rug, reading 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne. Mimi notices his book as she takes out cream from her handbag.
35) 2) dialog: I’m just reading it again. 56 41.
35) 4) dialog: (laughs) No, no. I just finished my M.Sc. I'll be applying for a Ph.D. soon.
35) 6) dialog: Ya. I'll be applying for a scholarship.
35) 11) dialog: (to MIMI) I'll be right back.
35) 15) dialog: Lets go home Tani. Shutu slides down on the seat, almost lying down.
35) 18) dialog: Oh no, I’ve not had any practice since...
36) 0) text: Nandu drives disdainfully with Uncle, Aunty and Tani in t back seat. Tani is holding a basket with the puppy in it. one point they over take Bonnie, Mimi and Shutu who are walking back home. INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT. 59 Tani is sitting on the bed like a proud mother with the p asleep on her lap. Aunty sits behind her, combing her lon hair. Tani is trying hard to stay still so that the puppy doesn’t wake up. Mimi is lying on the bed as Bonnie tidie the room.
37) 0) text: In the dimly lit room, Shutu sits on a stool and Nandu on arm chair. They are absorbed in a game of chess with just few chessmen remaining. Nandu sips his drink and observes Shutu’s move.
41) 0) text: Vikram is circling the garden area, on his motorcycle. He clearly inebriated. Nandu comes down the verandah steps followed by Shutu.
41) 14) dialog: Oh. Okay Dada. As Nandu rides the bike out of the driveway. Mimi goes in the house past Shutu as he watches the gate.
42) 0) text: Mimi pours herself a drink at the bar. Shutu is clearing the chess pieces near a dying fire. Mimi sits down in an armchair.
42) 2) dialog: Me! Shutu smiles at her and goes back to putting the pieces a Mimi looks at Shutu moodily for a few moments.
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
48) 0) text: It is Shutu’s turn to tackle VIKRAM’s team. Shutu touches Vikram and leaps ahead toward the mid line. Vikram tackle him with all his force.
49) 0) text: Vikram has Shutu pinned down. In an effort to get away Sh hits Vikram’s face. This sets Vikram off and the tackle g out of hand. The scuffle causes the dogs to start barking Tani starts crying. Shutu splits his lip in the midst of this.
50) 0) text: Brian tries to break up the fight but Shutu somehow manag to wriggle out of Vikram’s vice like grip, tries to kick in the groin but misses. Furious with Shutu’s audacity, Vikram comes back after him in a fit of rage. Aunty walks out into the backyard from the mesh door. Shutu’s lip bleeds profusely and everyone goes over to hi Mimi is the only one who rushes to Vikram.
50) 4) dialog: (Distractedly) Keno? Why? Aunty bends down to dress the wound, takes her time to answer. Shutu winces in pain as the Dettol stings him.
51) 0) text: Nandu, Bonnie, Mimi, Shutu and Tani sit at the dining tab silently eating their lunch. Manjari brings in more rotis Aunty serves it to them. Uncle saunters in wearing a hat joins them at the table.
53) 0) text: Fade in. On music we see the following visuals. Shutu rides through the quiet, early morning roads of McCluskiegunj on a cycle. Tani sits in front of him. The landscape progresses from stark to the busier market area near the Railway Station. They pass by the market and sto the Post office around the bend. The super reads Day 5/Friday (31st DECEMBER)
54) 0) text: Tani sits on a bench and watches Shutu as he talks to the post man at a counter. Shutu removes a small phone book a shows a number to the post man.
54) 1) dialog: Yeh number pe phone lagana hain.
55) 0) text: Shutu walks through the corridor leading to the kitchen, carrying the shopping bags. Tani runs ahead of him.
56) 0) text: Shutu places the shopping bags down on the counter.
56) 2) dialog: Connect holo na. Phoneta monehoy kharaap. It didn’t. The phone must be dead. Aunty gives Shutu a suspicious look.
58) 0) text: Shutu and Tani are lying on their stomachs, on the grass outside. Shutu is focusing a point of light through a magnifying glass on a piece of paper. A couple of ants cr across it. Shutu chases a big ant with the magnifying gla trying to focus the point of light on it. Tani watches, fascinated. The puppy is playing near them.
60) 0) text: The paper catches fire and with it so does the grass and ant on it. Shutu and Tani watch the ant burn to a crisp curiously. Tani and Shutu exchange a look.
60) 2) dialog: I guess.
60) 5) dialog: Sure. Tani folds her hands together in an elocution pose and recites an unrelated, pithy poem.
61) 0) text: PURNIMA (25), Vikram’s Assamese wife, confidently sings a beautiful Bihu song oblivious to her surroundings. She lo like a new bride; wearing a mekhla chador, wedding bangle and a thick line of sindoor. She’s unsophisticated, yet s Tani sits next to her, watching her adoringly and occasionally touching her chador. Bonnie motions Tani not disturb Purnima. Tani flatly refuses. Over Purnima’s shoulder, we see Nandu, Shutu, Mrs McKenzi and Uncle who is smoking a cigar. Everyone is sitting aro her, immersed in the song. Aunty is pleasantly surprised, she exchanges an approving look with Bonnie. Vikram accompanies Purnima on a guitar. Mimi is sizing her up, while sipping her third drink. Pur finishes the song, everyone starts to clap. 85. 86 62.
64) 0) text: The older people and Tani are seated at the dining table while Nandu, Shutu, Mimi, Vikram and Purnima sit on the s with their plates. Bonnie is serving herself at the table
64) 7) dialog: (Laughs awkwardly) Oh yeh? Kuch nahi, kuch nahi. Purnima turns his face with her hand to get a better look the wound. Mimi gets up to put her plate away.
64) 9) dialog: Nahi... Woh khelte khelte lag gaya.
64) 19) dialog: Tani, it’s a practice.
64) 21) dialog: Even the men used to wear jewelry, earrings for example.
65) 5) dialog: Tani, come with me. I'll show you something.
70) 0) text: Shutu is alone in the darkened room, locking the door. He turns around at a sudden movement. Mimi has come and stoo behind the sofa.
70) 2) dialog: Can I get you some water?
70) 4) dialog: (Laughs ) Of course! You were having Rum? As Shutu walks over to the bar, Mimi massages her ankle. Shutu watches her as he makes her drink. Mimi doesn’t tak the glass, so Shutu puts it down on the table next to her
70) 7) dialog: Oh! Sorry, sorry.
70) 9) dialog: You have beautiful feet!
70) 12) dialog: Oh okay. Shutu makes a move to help her get up.
71) 0) text: Mimi and Shutu walk down the corridor. She is a little unsteady on her feet and has her arm around Shutu’s shoul Shutu’s arm is around her waist. He is holding her shoes his other hand.
71) 2) dialog: I know. I’m sorry. They proceed awkwardly, shuffling and giggling as they he to Mimi’s room.
72) 0) text: Shutu walks across the corridor to his room. There is gen snoring from the other rooms. INT. SHUTU’S ROOM. NIGHT. 99 Shutu reaches his room, shuts the door behind him and get into bed. The puppy tries to jump on to the bed. Shutu sc him up under the blanket. His eyes shine brightly as he cuddles the puppy.
76) 11) dialog: Doppler.
77) 0) text: Shutu anxiously fidgets with the rubik’s cube. He notices Mimi who walks out to the verandah with her writing mater and sits. Shutu’s gaze follows her.
78) 0) text: Shutu walks purposefully across the backyard and goes tow the motorcycle. He walks the bike across towards the fron lawns. Tani runs towards him.
78) 3) dialog: Tani!
78) 7) dialog: Ya. I know how to ride a motor cycle.
78) 10) dialog: I can’t ride as well as your baba. I’m only practicing. When I learn properly then you come with me.
78) 12) dialog: (Stops and turns to her) Tani where’s Fluffy gone?
78) 14) dialog: Go look for him. Bonnie di will get angry if he runs off again.
78) 16) dialog: Ya. Tani runs off inside while Shutu makes off hurriedly in t other direction.
79) 0) text: Mimi uses her book to shade her eyes from the sun. She is almost asleep. A sudden movement makes Mimi open her eyes She lifts the book a little and squints into the distance 108 109 76. With Mimi’s brightly painted toenails in the foreground, see Shutu approaching, awkwardly walking the bike. Mimi l amused. As he comes closer, Shutu gives her a shy smile and looks away as he keeps walking determinedly. His hair falls ove his black eye that has now turned an ugly purple. He trie move it with a jerk of his head. He comes up to her and stands there, slightly out of breath.
79) 1) dialog: Hi. Mimi smiles at him. SHUTU (CONT’D) Want to go for a ride?
81) 0) text: Shutu looks a little distracted as Mimi rides the bike. S awkwardly holds the seat for support. Mimi is enjoying th wind in her hair. They ride through the lonely lanes of t Gunj. She stops the bike, gets off and enters the gate of McCluskiegunj cemetery.
81) 1) dialog: Wait, where are you going? Mimi turns around shading her eyes from the sun with her hand.
82) 0) text: Shutu catches up with Mimi who has stopped at a graveston
82) 2) dialog: (Slightly out of breath) Why are we here? Mimi looks at him and smiles. SHUTU (CONT’D) I thought we could go to the stream up ahead. 78.
82) 6) dialog: Mimi, Mimi... Let her be...(Following Mimi) Is that even her? Mimi approaches the grave Mrs. Curney was at. She finds a candle, flowers arranged in the shape of a heart and something wrapped in a paper napkin.
82) 9) dialog: (Horrified)
82) 12) dialog: How can you eat it? It was lying... there!
82) 14) dialog: But it’s not meant for us!
82) 17) dialog: What if she comes back? Shutu doesn’t get a response. He turns around but can’t s Mimi. From between a tree and the back of some gravestone we see Shutu as he looks around apprehensively. SHUTU (CONT’D)
86) 0) text: Shutu is blissfully lying on the grass, half asleep. Mimi hooks her bra strap shut from under her sweater. She frow into the distance to check if anyone has seen them.
87) 0) text: In a series of a fast paced shots we see Shutu riding the motorcycle, Mimi sitting behind him. Shutu wobbles a litt on the bike while Mimi laughs at his struggle. They look relaxed and happy. This is intercut with Tani’s running f We hear her call out to Fluffy.
90) 31) dialog: (In a small voice) No.
90) 33) dialog: (Scared) No.
90) 45) dialog: No... we, I mean... I didn’t want to take her without asking you SO...
90) 47) dialog: She... she was at home. Playing with Fluffy.
90) 51) dialog: Towards the back. Shutu puts the bike stand, struggling with it a little.
94) 0) text: Shutu stands alone in the corridor outside, with his head hung low, listening. 90.
99) 0) text: Shutu follows a dirt track in the wilderness. He’s pantin and his nose starts to run in the cold. There is a rustli of dry leaves and broken twigs as he makes his way throug the forest. Eerie bird calls pierce the night. Nandu’s vo wafts through the distance: ‘Taaa-ni!’ There is a sudden movement. Shutu goes in that direction. comes across a little clearing and decides to explore further. He starts walking faster but stops as the torch light illuminates Tani’s discarded belt lying on the fore floor. Shutu stares at it in horror and quickly picks it He thinks Tani must be nearby. He calls out her name repeatedly. In his excitement he trips over a rock and fa into an underground animal trap, letting out a shout. In a wide shot, we see the still forest, nobody is around hear Shutu’s muffled, underground struggle.
99) 1) dialog: Dada!... Dada!
101) 0) text: Shutu is sitting still inside the trap. In one hand he ha the torch and in the other, Tani’s belt. There is a sudde rustling sound. Shutu looks up and flashes the torch. The light catches the eyes of a a wild cat, staring down at Shutu. Shutu looks back alert. The cat twitches and walks away. Shutu slowly lets out his breath.
105) 0) text: Nandu gets no response from Shutu. He jumps into the car, lowers his window and yells out.
106) 0) text: Inside the trap, Shutu’s crouched in a corner. He hears t blaring horns and Nandu’s calls.
106) 1) dialog: Dada! I’m here. Dada! 146 147 95. His voice gets drowned out by the sound of the horns. Helplessly, he realizes that he can’t be heard as the car drives away. Above the ground, we track away from the spot as Shutu’s voice becomes faint.
109) 1) dialog: (Muffled) Maniya! Maniya! Idhar. Maniya looks around but can’t see anyone. He goes in the direction of the sound.
109) 3) dialog: Maniya, neeche! Maniya points the torch down, walks slowly until he comes upon the hole. He kneels down and sees Shutu. Maniya gigg with surprise.
110) 0) text: Shutu stands at the verandah, watching the family inside. clothes are soiled, his face muddy and bruised. A few wil burrs stick to his jeans and shoes. From Shutu’s POV, we see Tani is sitting on Vikram’s lap Bonnie feeding her some hot soup. The rest are around the INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT 150 Shutu stands at the doorway of Bonnie’s room. Tani is lyi in bed with Bonnie. There is a thermometer in Tani’s mout and Bonnie is putting a cold wash cloth on her forehead. notice him. Shutu limps over to the bed and kneels next to Tani. He reaches out to her but she gives him a scornful look.
111) 0) text: Exterior shot of the house from the gate. Some leaves rus and smoke blows into the air. Shutu stubs his cigarette a walks away. FADE OUT. 152 153 154 155
113) 0) text: Maniya washes the lid of the drum with a spray of water f a hose. Shutu watches him from the corridor. Shutu is unslept, has big dark circles and his black eye is deeper than before.
114) 0) text: A close shot of Shutu’s morose face. Aunty is sitting opposite him at the table with her tea in front of her.
114) 2) dialog: (low voice) Kintu taka poysha toh neyi... But I don’t have any money. Aunty’s face softens.
115) 0) text: Shutu wanders the roads of McCluskiegunj, alone on a cycl He reaches the post office, lost in his own world.
116) 0) text: Shutu is at the counter, listening to his mother as she w on the phone. His eyes are vacant and fixed far away.
117) 0) text: Shutu comes up to a small ticket window.
117) 1) dialog: Howrah ka next train? Shutu takes out his wallet. There is a faded black and wh picture of a man with a child smiling, tucked inside.
117) 6) dialog: Yes. Here.
118) 0) text: Shutu comes out of Aunty’s room. He walks down the corrid and comes across Mimi who is coming out of the kitchen wi an orange. They pass each other awkwardly searching for something to say.
118) 3) dialog: But I’1l be coming to Cal soon. So I’1ll see you? Mimi looks at him for a moment.
120) 0) text: Shutu and Uncle are in the front lawns. Maniya is holding drum lid against the tree.
120) 5) dialog: (pleadingly) Uncle, ek baar please...mujhe. Let me hold it na. (PAUSE)
120) 8) dialog: I just want to hold it once, just to see how it feels.
120) 10) dialog: You show me how to hold it Uncle. Aap nahi dikhayenge toh...
120) 20) dialog: (Under his breath) Sorry. 168 105. There is a certain calm in his eyes now. Suddenly, with lightening speed, he turns the barrel to the base of his and fires. Vikram freezes in shock as a few drops of blood splatter his face. We hear Bonnie’s anguished cry. Uncle rushes towards the house.
122) 0) text: Through the window of the driver’s seat we see Nandu in t foreground in profile, driving and smoking. In the backgr we see a grim Brian sitting in the front passenger seat w a hanky to his mouth. Through the front windscreen we see Shutu wearing the sam clothes as the last time we saw him. He sits in the middl the backseat, looking worried, scared and sad. We move to extreme close up.