5) 4) dialog: (whispers) Mama, susu. Nandu pulls up to a small house. They all come out of the car, shaking off the stupor of the long ride and stretch their legs.
9) 16) text: 15 INT. BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT 15 Bonnie is unpacking in the guest bedroom which is simple pretty with lace curtains and some basic furniture. Tani jumping on the bed where some toiletries have been laid o
12) 23) text: 19 INT. BONNIE’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 19 Tani has changed and unenthusiastically eats an omelette.
12) 25) dialog: I can’t have anymore. I’m going to do ulti.
15) 0) text: Fade in. 27 28 17. Shutu and Tani walk down a path off the backyard, lined b series of trees. He has a rope strung around his shoulder while he tries to roll a tire ahead of him. Tani helps hi Shutu sets the tire down, jumps and tries to touch the br of a tree. He can’t reach it. The super reads Day 2/Tuesday (28th DECEMBER)
15) 1) dialog: Where’s the family tree?
15) 3) dialog: Anupama, O.P, Nandu, Bonnie, Tani. Shutu goes towards a low lying branch. He jumps and hangs from it.
15) 5) dialog: No Mamma, not now.
17) 1) dialog: Where’s your name?
17) 3) dialog: No. 29 18. Suddenly, there is a shriek from inside the house. They t around to look.
17) 10) dialog: What happened Mama?
17) 13) dialog: I saw it! There it is! I saw it! Manjari comes back with a broom and goes into the bathroo She makes a gesture for Shutu to leave. Shutu meekly step outside.
17) 15) dialog: Oh now it’s gone behind the bucket! Close shot of a large, ugly toad looking balefully into camera.
17) 17) dialog: (making a sad face) I’m bored. Tani comes in and lies down on his bed. Shutu closes his journal and looks at her seriously.
17) 19) dialog: I don’t like it over here.
17) 21) dialog: There are insects everywhere. There’s no cement. No T.V 20.
17) 23) dialog: Sleeping.
17) 25) dialog: Sleeping.
17) 27) dialog: What were you doing?
17) 29) dialog: I like this one. She looks at a few other drawings.
17) 30) dialog: What’s this? She points to a list of words, all starting with the lett ‘E’.
17) 32) dialog: Entropy, Ersatz, Ennui...
18) 0) text: Uncle, Aunty, Brian and Bonnie are playing bluff at the table. Tani has fallen asleep on the sofa. Vikram, Mimi a Nandu are drinking and chatting. Uncle dramatically puts his last four cards.
18) 20) dialog: Mama, don’t go. Don’t leave me. Bonnie sits down next to her and strokes her hair.
18) 22) dialog: (Clinging to Bonnie’s neck) No, no, I’m not big.
18) 24) dialog: (looks at the window) That window.
23) 0) text: A visibly disturbed Shutu leaves the room with an urgency goes into his room. He gets under the mosquito net and hi under the blanket. INT. BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT 38. A Tani is asleep. We track back from her to include the win There is muffled laughter from out side.
30) 0) text: Brian is in the lawn where Tani is playing with a few pup in a basket. Mrs. McKenzie, Uncle and Aunty are sitting o white cane chairs and chatting. There is a bowl of chips, peeled, half eaten orange and a few glasses of juice in f of them.
30) 1) dialog: Brian uncle, what are their names?
30) 3) dialog: You won't keep even one of them?
30) 6) dialog: (Breaking into a shy grin) Can I? Shutu? Shutu! Shutu doesn’t hear her and is still looking at the others
33) 3) dialog: Please Mama! All my friends have pets.
33) 8) dialog: (Turning Bonnie’s face) Please mama! I’1l take him to do susu, potty everything. Shutu will help me. Na Shutu? Shutu hands Bonnie the shawl and gets pulled into this conversation. 54 55 40.
33) 11) dialog: But you only keep saying I’m an only child.
34) 0) text: In the foreground, we see a glass of juice knocked over o the rug, flies hovering around a half eaten orange, the p of Shutu’s novel flutter in the breeze. In the background see the dining table in a blur, Tani and the dogs running around it with abandon.
35) 16) dialog: Come on, let’s go Baba! She blares the horn loudly as she calls out to her father from the window. Nandu comes up to the car with a drink i his hand, amused at Tani behind the wheel. He leans in at window.
35) 20) dialog: Come on Shutu! Nandu and Shutu get out and cross over to exchange places Nandu hands him the keys as they cross. Shutu gets in the driver’s seat.
35) 23) dialog: Baba!
36) 0) text: Nandu drives disdainfully with Uncle, Aunty and Tani in t back seat. Tani is holding a basket with the puppy in it. one point they over take Bonnie, Mimi and Shutu who are walking back home. INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT. 59 Tani is sitting on the bed like a proud mother with the p asleep on her lap. Aunty sits behind her, combing her lon hair. Tani is trying hard to stay still so that the puppy doesn’t wake up. Mimi is lying on the bed as Bonnie tidie the room.
36) 6) dialog: Why? What happened to Kalidas?
36) 9) dialog: (deeply disapproving) You forgot to bring him back?
36) 13) dialog: Fluffy!
36) 17) dialog: Oh Mama he’s done susu on me! 60 61 46.
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
49) 0) text: Vikram has Shutu pinned down. In an effort to get away Sh hits Vikram’s face. This sets Vikram off and the tackle g out of hand. The scuffle causes the dogs to start barking Tani starts crying. Shutu splits his lip in the midst of this.
51) 0) text: Nandu, Bonnie, Mimi, Shutu and Tani sit at the dining tab silently eating their lunch. Manjari brings in more rotis Aunty serves it to them. Uncle saunters in wearing a hat joins them at the table.
51) 5) dialog: They were playing Kabbadi...
53) 0) text: Fade in. On music we see the following visuals. Shutu rides through the quiet, early morning roads of McCluskiegunj on a cycle. Tani sits in front of him. The landscape progresses from stark to the busier market area near the Railway Station. They pass by the market and sto the Post office around the bend. The super reads Day 5/Friday (31st DECEMBER)
54) 0) text: Tani sits on a bench and watches Shutu as he talks to the post man at a counter. Shutu removes a small phone book a shows a number to the post man.
55) 0) text: Shutu walks through the corridor leading to the kitchen, carrying the shopping bags. Tani runs ahead of him.
55) 1) dialog: Mama, we’ve come back! Where are you?
58) 0) text: Shutu and Tani are lying on their stomachs, on the grass outside. Shutu is focusing a point of light through a magnifying glass on a piece of paper. A couple of ants cr across it. Shutu chases a big ant with the magnifying gla trying to focus the point of light on it. Tani watches, fascinated. The puppy is playing near them.
60) 0) text: The paper catches fire and with it so does the grass and ant on it. Shutu and Tani watch the ant burn to a crisp curiously. Tani and Shutu exchange a look.
60) 1) dialog: It’s dead na? 85 61.
60) 3) dialog: What do we do? Shutu collects the ant and the burnt debris and pretends bury it. Tani does the sign of a cross. Shutu also does i to humour her. Tani arranges a few wild flowers on the pi
60) 4) dialog: Should I say a poem?
60) 6) dialog: When I was one, I had just begun. When I was two, I was nearly new. When I was three, I was hardly me. When I was four, I was not much more. When I was five, I was just alive. But now I am six, I'm as clever as clever. So I think I'll be six now and forever.
61) 0) text: PURNIMA (25), Vikram’s Assamese wife, confidently sings a beautiful Bihu song oblivious to her surroundings. She lo like a new bride; wearing a mekhla chador, wedding bangle and a thick line of sindoor. She’s unsophisticated, yet s Tani sits next to her, watching her adoringly and occasionally touching her chador. Bonnie motions Tani not disturb Purnima. Tani flatly refuses. Over Purnima’s shoulder, we see Nandu, Shutu, Mrs McKenzi and Uncle who is smoking a cigar. Everyone is sitting aro her, immersed in the song. Aunty is pleasantly surprised, she exchanges an approving look with Bonnie. Vikram accompanies Purnima on a guitar. Mimi is sizing her up, while sipping her third drink. Pur finishes the song, everyone starts to clap. 85. 86 62.
64) 0) text: The older people and Tani are seated at the dining table while Nandu, Shutu, Mimi, Vikram and Purnima sit on the s with their plates. Bonnie is serving herself at the table
64) 6) dialog: You know they were fighting? Tani looks at Vikram.
64) 15) dialog: What is rivaaj?
64) 17) dialog: Mama, what is rivaaj??
65) 0) text: Bonnie places a beautiful caramel custard on the table an clears away other dishes. Tani, by now cranky and sleepy, hangs on to her mother’s palloo.
65) 1) dialog: No, you come. You come with me.
76) 0) text: Uncle sits on a rocking chair, holding a transistor to hi ear as he follows a cricket match. Tani is sitting and coloring on the floor. Fluffy is attacking the crayons. 73.
78) 0) text: Shutu walks purposefully across the backyard and goes tow the motorcycle. He walks the bike across towards the fron lawns. Tani runs towards him.
78) 1) dialog: Shutu! Shutu! Shutu pretends not to hear her. She comes up to him.
78) 2) dialog: (Out of the breath) Shutu!
78) 4) dialog: What are you doing? Shutu is silent.
78) 5) dialog: Where are we going? 107 75. Shutu is still walking quietly as Tani prattles on.
78) 6) dialog: You know how to drive a motor cycle?
78) 8) dialog: But you can’t drive a car! Shutu laughs. Tani walks along.
78) 9) dialog: I will sit in the front. You sit behind me because baba said that if I sit behind, I'll fall off.
78) 11) dialog: Baba allowed you?
78) 13) dialog: I don’t know. He must be inside.
78) 15) dialog: Okay, I’1l go and get him. You wait for me haan? Don’t go without me, okay?
80) 0) text: Tani comes out of the front door and walks into the veran talking all the while.
80) 1) dialog: Shutu see I found him! He was under your bed. Should we take him also? Tani doesn’t see Shutu. She walks down the verandah steps looks around for him. She finds Shutu and Mimi walking th motorcycle out of the driveway and looks on disbelievingl
80) 2) dialog: Shutu! Shutu! Wait... Tani runs down the driveway, with the puppy in her arms. 110 111 77.
80) 3) dialog: (On the verge of tears) Shutu! Tani sets the puppy down. On her face, we hear the motorc speed away. A labourer, working on the boundary wall, tur around in the direction of the sound.
83) 0) text: Tani has curled up in the cane chair. She is sulking. Man passes by with a pile of clothes in her hands - a blur in background. Tani notices the crayons rolling around. She frowns and sits up.
83) 1) dialog: Fluffy?
87) 0) text: In a series of a fast paced shots we see Shutu riding the motorcycle, Mimi sitting behind him. Shutu wobbles a litt on the bike while Mimi laughs at his struggle. They look relaxed and happy. This is intercut with Tani’s running f We hear her call out to Fluffy.
97) 0) text: The headlights of Nandu’s car light up the misty orchard. trees get more dense. As the car slows down, Nandu and Sh roll down their windows and call out for Tani. They get out of the car. Nandu leaves the headlights on, jumps on to the hood of the car to get to a better vantag point. He shines the torch on the thick foliage.
98) 0) text: Manjari and a couple of other Adivasi women search the grounds, calling out to each other in their own language. Holding a lantern, Manjari stomps her stick on the ground she searches for Tani.
99) 0) text: Shutu follows a dirt track in the wilderness. He’s pantin and his nose starts to run in the cold. There is a rustli of dry leaves and broken twigs as he makes his way throug the forest. Eerie bird calls pierce the night. Nandu’s vo wafts through the distance: ‘Taaa-ni!’ There is a sudden movement. Shutu goes in that direction. comes across a little clearing and decides to explore further. He starts walking faster but stops as the torch light illuminates Tani’s discarded belt lying on the fore floor. Shutu stares at it in horror and quickly picks it He thinks Tani must be nearby. He calls out her name repeatedly. In his excitement he trips over a rock and fa into an underground animal trap, letting out a shout. In a wide shot, we see the still forest, nobody is around hear Shutu’s muffled, underground struggle.
101) 0) text: Shutu is sitting still inside the trap. In one hand he ha the torch and in the other, Tani’s belt. There is a sudde rustling sound. Shutu looks up and flashes the torch. The light catches the eyes of a a wild cat, staring down at Shutu. Shutu looks back alert. The cat twitches and walks away. Shutu slowly lets out his breath.
108) 0) text: Nandu finds Bonnie carrying Tani in her arms and kissing repeatedly. Tani is wearing VIKRAM’s jacket. Her dress is torn, her hair is an unruly mess, she has scraped her kne and is bare feet.
110) 0) text: Shutu stands at the verandah, watching the family inside. clothes are soiled, his face muddy and bruised. A few wil burrs stick to his jeans and shoes. From Shutu’s POV, we see Tani is sitting on Vikram’s lap Bonnie feeding her some hot soup. The rest are around the INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT 150 Shutu stands at the doorway of Bonnie’s room. Tani is lyi in bed with Bonnie. There is a thermometer in Tani’s mout and Bonnie is putting a cold wash cloth on her forehead. notice him. Shutu limps over to the bed and kneels next to Tani. He reaches out to her but she gives him a scornful look.
110) 1) dialog: No! You left me and went. She turns around and buries her face in Bonnie’s shoulder Shutu looks devastated.