11) 0) text: Nandu opens the front door. The jeep halts at the veranda Their local friends Brian and Vikram step out of the jeep 11. Vikramjit Choudhary (38), a moustached man wears a rugged leather jacket, faded jeans and boots. Brian McKenzie (34 pleasant faced, burly Anglo-Indian man wears a hand knitt sweater and has a distinct small-town demeanor in compari to Vikram's confident swagger.
11) 3) dialog: Kya mila? Yaha toh dena pada.
11) 6) dialog: He he! Wait till Aunty sees this!
11) 8) dialog: You could use Stella while you’re here. Vikram notices Shutu. He points to something on Shutu’s shirt. Shutu looks down and Vikram flicks him on his chin
11) 9) dialog: How’re you pehelwan? Dekh isko itna daadi aa gaya? 18 12. Shutu, somewhat irked, gives him a tight smile while Bria musses his hair. He watches as the three of them go insid greet Aunty and Uncle.
12) 2) dialog: (Giving Aunty a kiss) Good good. Very hectic.
12) 4) dialog: Tan-ta-da! Vikram unwraps a shiny new cassette player. He places it the coffee table.
12) 6) dialog: Arrey Aunty, I got two of these for the wedding. Besides, this is my second home isn’t it!
12) 10) dialog: No, no, I just dropped in on my way back from work. Besides she’s still recovering from the wedding!
12) 12) dialog: (looking around for the others) Ya, ya. We really did.
12) 18) dialog: Arrey I'm free only, ask this Brian fucker. He’s a chupa rustom. Tell them your big news. (Distracted) Where are the girls? Vikram walks away inside. Everyone turns to Brian curious Brian looks sheepish.
12) 27) dialog: Fee Fi Fo Fum. I smell the blood of an English mem. Vikram puts the lantern down and goes to tickle Tani. Tan squeals and hides behind a pillow as he attacks her.
12) 29) dialog: (Taking out a chocolate from his pocket) No, no. I couldn’t get her today. They are planning some dinner shinner outide. You’ll see her soon. Where is Mimi? Bonnie gives him a funny look and points to another room.
12) 33) dialog: Need any help? Mimi turns around and smiles.
18) 0) text: Uncle, Aunty, Brian and Bonnie are playing bluff at the table. Tani has fallen asleep on the sofa. Vikram, Mimi a Nandu are drinking and chatting. Uncle dramatically puts his last four cards.
18) 14) dialog: We should also be heading out now.
18) 17) dialog: Fine! Give me another drink in that case. Mimi gladly gets up to make Vikram another drink.
20) 0) text: Vikram is in the midst of an anecdote with the others cos sitting around the coffee table, the fire lit behind them Mimi has a shawl wrapped around and her hair falls loosel over her shoulders. She sits cross-legged on the carpeted floor. Shutu, also sits on the floor and stares at Vikram with wide-eyed concentration.
20) 1) dialog: I swear, it was a table like this one. It just went off the ground. Like so much. (Demonstrates with his hands )
20) 6) dialog: Well, Mrs. Harris continues to believe that. The other day she asked if I'd like to join “them” for tea.
20) 10) dialog: (Looks at Shutu teasingly) Unfinished business, I guess.
20) 13) dialog: You sleep with your mother tonight.
20) 17) dialog: (Interrupting) Okay okay... but who are we calling tonight?
20) 21) dialog: Arrey let’s call someone closer home man. 25.
20) 24) dialog: Okay, so who will be the medium? Everyone looks expectantly at each other. Vikram looks ar but his gaze stops at Shutu. With him, everyone looks at Shutu. Shutu feels everyone’s gaze upon him. Looks uncomfortable and laughs nervously.
20) 31) dialog: Sleepy... or scared?
20) 35) dialog: (Clearing the table) No, we’ll do it like this. Let’s all hold hands. Everyone sits around the coffee table and holds hands.
20) 37) dialog: Shhh! (Clears his throat, after a few moments) Panditiji, are you here? Everyone breaks into giggles which is interrupted by a su sound. Everybody startles and looks at the door. The main door is opened from outside. Maniya walks in with some firewood. He is surprised to find everyone’s gaze on him.
20) 41) dialog: Aur Maniya, mombatti leke aao. Maniya exits from the back corridor.
20) 43) dialog: If we’re doing this, let’s do this right. Put off the big light and let's sit around the dining table.
20) 47) dialog: (Whispering to Nandu and Mimi) You guys sit. I’m coming. Nandu and Mimi walk towards the dining table, drinks in h Maniya walks in with the candles. Vikram comes and sits a the table as Maniya lights the last candle and leaves.
20) 48) dialog: Maniya, woh light off kardo. Maniya raises his hand to switch off the light and looks his shoulder. From Maniya’s POV: Everyone is settling dow holding hands around the table. Their faces only visible the dim candle light as Maniya switches off the light.
22) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the dining table, their grim an serious faces illuminated only by candle light. 28. Everyone's eyes are closed, holding hands. Vikram and Nan are sitting beside each other.
22) 1) dialog: Is anybody here? Silence. A beat later...
22) 2) dialog: Any spirit passing by?
22) 5) dialog: Is any spirit, good or evil, passing by? A longer interval and then a sudden knocking sound. Every opens their eyes in a start. Shutu looks alarmed. Brian l accusingly at Vikram first and then Nandu.
22) 9) dialog: The sound didn’t even come from here.
22) 13) dialog: Don't break the circle, otherwise the spirit can get trapped here. (Pause) Everyone close your eyes. Everyone closes their eyes again. After a few moments,
22) 14) dialog: Any spirit passing by? Please communicate with us. A beat. A continuous knocking sound. Everyone opens their eyes and looks at each other alarmed.
22) 17) dialog: Is a spirit present? There is a single, definite sharp knock.
22) 18) dialog: Is that a ‘YES’? Another sharp knock.
22) 19) dialog: Are you a man?
22) 21) dialog: Okay ya... Were you a man? A beat and two knocks indicating a no.
22) 22) dialog: Is that a ‘NO’? One sharp knock indicating yes.
22) 23) dialog: Were you a woman? A definite knock indicating a yes. 30. Under the table, the camera follows the string from VIKRA little finger till across the hallway, down on the floor, wedged behind a door we see the cigarette tin. On these visuals we hear the ongoing conversation with the spirit.
22) 24) dialog: Did you die of natural causes? A beat and two knocks indicating no.
22) 26) dialog: How did you die? A prolonged silence.
22) 29) dialog: Okay, okay. Were you killed? The tin is tugged twice indicating no.
22) 30) dialog: Did you kill yourself? The tin is tugged once indicating yes. Gasps from the table. There is an uncomfortable silence a Bonnie exchanges a suspicious look with Brian.
22) 31) dialog: Have you been watching us? Silence. A definite knock indicating a yes.
22) 32) dialog: Who in this room will die first? (PAUSE)
22) 34) dialog: Nandu? Two knocks. Nandu and Vikram exchange a look.
22) 35) dialog: Brian? Two knocks. 38 38. 39 40 31.
22) 36) dialog: Mimi? Two knocks.
22) 37) dialog: Bonnie ? Shutu, who is sitting next to Bonnie breaks into a sweat he realizes he is the last one left. His face is tense. Two knocks indicating a no.
22) 38) dialog: Shutu? A prolonged silence. A single knock indicating yes. Shutu gets up immediately, pushing his chair back with a sound.
24) 2) dialog: (pointing to another window) Guys, it’s this one here.
29) 0) text: The car drives off as Shutu closes the gate behind it. EXT. BRIAN’S HOUSE - STREAM. DAY 48 Brian, Vikram, Nandu and Mimi are horsing around at the stream. Vikram and Nandu are trying to get Brian wet and off his shirt which happens to rip apart. 36.
31) 1) dialog: Arrey come on in Bonnie!
31) 5) dialog: Oh yeah?! Vikram turns to Mimi and scoops her up in his arms swiftl Mimi bursts into giggles and squeals while she clings to Vikram’s neck. They all laugh and Nandu and Bonnie exchan look.
32) 0) text: Nandu and Vikram wear their shoes, drying themselves in t sun. They are watching Bonnie and Mimi walking in the distance. Vikram’s gaze is fixed on Mimi. Nandu notices h
32) 2) dialog: Ya, it’s nice.
32) 4) dialog: So... When do we get to meet... the Mrs?
32) 5) dialog: (Looks at Nandu sharply) Purnima? (Looking back at the girls) I’ll get her along one of these days.
32) 8) dialog: Lunch is ready! I’m hungry. 53 39. Vikram smiles at Nandu.
39) 0) text: Vikram zips across on his bike.
41) 0) text: Vikram is circling the garden area, on his motorcycle. He clearly inebriated. Nandu comes down the verandah steps followed by Shutu.
41) 2) dialog: (To Nandu) Come on! Let’s take her for a spin!
41) 4) dialog: Don’t be a pussy. Stella is nice and warm for you. Shutu looks at the bike curiously. Vikram pulls out a hip flask and gives it to Nandu.
41) 6) dialog: Take a sip, you won’t feel so cold. Nandu takes a sip and grimaces.
41) 8) dialog: Ah, see how she purrs for me. Have you ever ridden one? Shutu smiles shyly, he reaches out to touch the handlebar Vikram flicks his hand away.
41) 9) dialog: Aye, don’t touch her. Mimi comes and sits on the bike and holds Vikram.
41) 12) dialog: (in a low voice) Come on Mimi, get off. Mimi looks at Vikram but he doesn’t meet her eyes. Mimi g off.
46) 0) text: Fade in. Shutu and Tani sits inside an old bathtub, readi book. The super reads Day 4/Thursday (30th DECEMBER) In a corner is Maniya’s hut, in front of it, a vegetable patch and some chickens. Manjari is filling out the bucke The clothes on the line, gently flutter in the breeze. Th two dogs are sleeping curled up in the sun. Maniya enters backyard and resumes his work. Suddenly, the mesh door opens and Brian comes out from th kitchen explaining something with a lot of enthusiasm. He followed by Mimi, Vikram, Nandu and Bonnie who come out w a great deal of energy and bustle.
46) 4) dialog: Challo, then we might as well take Tani also to play. Tani and Shutu exchange a look.
46) 12) dialog: Okay. I choose Nandu.
46) 14) dialog: Heads. Nandu flips the coin and its lands on heads.
46) 15) dialog: I choose Nandu.
46) 17) dialog: MIMI, come over here.
46) 19) dialog: I choose Manjari. The others laugh at Vikram’s choice. Shutu, realizing tha hasn’t been chosen by Vikram, walks towards Brian. Brian his arm around Shutu.
48) 0) text: It is Shutu’s turn to tackle VIKRAM’s team. Shutu touches Vikram and leaps ahead toward the mid line. Vikram tackle him with all his force.
49) 0) text: Vikram has Shutu pinned down. In an effort to get away Sh hits Vikram’s face. This sets Vikram off and the tackle g out of hand. The scuffle causes the dogs to start barking Tani starts crying. Shutu splits his lip in the midst of this.
50) 0) text: Brian tries to break up the fight but Shutu somehow manag to wriggle out of Vikram’s vice like grip, tries to kick in the groin but misses. Furious with Shutu’s audacity, Vikram comes back after him in a fit of rage. Aunty walks out into the backyard from the mesh door. Shutu’s lip bleeds profusely and everyone goes over to hi Mimi is the only one who rushes to Vikram.
61) 0) text: PURNIMA (25), Vikram’s Assamese wife, confidently sings a beautiful Bihu song oblivious to her surroundings. She lo like a new bride; wearing a mekhla chador, wedding bangle and a thick line of sindoor. She’s unsophisticated, yet s Tani sits next to her, watching her adoringly and occasionally touching her chador. Bonnie motions Tani not disturb Purnima. Tani flatly refuses. Over Purnima’s shoulder, we see Nandu, Shutu, Mrs McKenzi and Uncle who is smoking a cigar. Everyone is sitting aro her, immersed in the song. Aunty is pleasantly surprised, she exchanges an approving look with Bonnie. Vikram accompanies Purnima on a guitar. Mimi is sizing her up, while sipping her third drink. Pur finishes the song, everyone starts to clap. 85. 86 62.
61) 5) dialog: Sing that one na...
62) 0) text: Vikram puts a cassette in the player and presses play.
64) 0) text: The older people and Tani are seated at the dining table while Nandu, Shutu, Mimi, Vikram and Purnima sit on the s with their plates. Bonnie is serving herself at the table
64) 24) dialog: Ma got so excited that I was finally getting her a bahuri that she’s giving away whatever little family jewels are left also!
89) 0) text: Nandu and Vikram are with Uncle at the verandah. Vikram stands next to Uncle and observes Uncle’s elaborate ritua
89) 1) dialog: Smithandweson ka 32. It’s a snubnose uncle. Kal leke aaye? Target practice ke liye.
90) 2) dialog: They are all like this Aunty. I’1l have a word with the thekedar. Bonnie comes out to the verandah and holds the mesh door for Manjari.
90) 24) dialog: Mimi has also gone with them?
90) 40) dialog: Obviously, we’ve checked the whole fucking house. I can’t believe Shutu and you just went off with my bike.
94) 2) dialog: Guys, guys. Let’s think clearly.
95) 1) dialog: She's obviously not in the house. Let’s not waste anymore time.
95) 5) dialog: Don’t worry! I’1l talk to Shrivastav. He may be able to help us. Who saw her last?
95) 10) dialog: Listen she’s a little girl. It’s been under two hours. (MORE )
95) 12) dialog: She couldn’t have gone beyond a two kilometer radius. You guys search the grounds, I’1l go get Ganghju and Khushia na?
96) 0) text: Outside the gate, Vikram’s car speeds off into the distan As the tail lights disappear, darkness closes in once aga
108) 0) text: Nandu finds Bonnie carrying Tani in her arms and kissing repeatedly. Tani is wearing VIKRAM’s jacket. Her dress is torn, her hair is an unruly mess, she has scraped her kne and is bare feet.
108) 5) dialog: I don’t know why but I just thought we should check the area near Siyartoli. It is pretty deserted back there. And guess what? We find Bahadur carrying Tani in his arms.
108) 7) dialog: He works for Goswami. He was going home after work and found her. 96.
108) 10) dialog: She had wandered onto their grounds apparently. Main thing is that we found her.
110) 0) text: Shutu stands at the verandah, watching the family inside. clothes are soiled, his face muddy and bruised. A few wil burrs stick to his jeans and shoes. From Shutu’s POV, we see Tani is sitting on Vikram’s lap Bonnie feeding her some hot soup. The rest are around the INT. MCCLUSKIEGUNJ HOUSE - BONNIE’S ROOM. NIGHT 150 Shutu stands at the doorway of Bonnie’s room. Tani is lyi in bed with Bonnie. There is a thermometer in Tani’s mout and Bonnie is putting a cold wash cloth on her forehead. notice him. Shutu limps over to the bed and kneels next to Tani. He reaches out to her but she gives him a scornful look.
120) 18) dialog: (In a steady voice) Shutu put that gun down now. There’s a moment of fevered panic in Shutu’s eyes as Vikr comes even closer to him. Shutu grips the rifle tighter, aiming straight at Vikram. Vikram, unafraid, continues to approach Shutu.
120) 19) dialog: You don’t need to do this, Shutu. Shutu’s eyes well up. He lowers his rifle. The others sta to come closer.