4) 7) text: From Fife, great king; Where the Norwegian banners flout the sky And fan our people cold. Assisted by that most disloyal traitor The thane of Cawdor, Malcolm steps aside to reveal: THE THANE OF CAWDOR. A traitor, cowed, guarded by two cle cut soldiers ROSSE and ANGUS. Duncan steps towards his captive. Cawdor lowers his eyes.
4) 10) dialog: I'll see it done. Duncan turns back to Cawdor. Disdainful.
9) 0) text: Small fires burn, miniscule against the looming mountains Seyton, whose arm was severed during the battle, is being treated. Macbeth and Banquo are holding him down. He SCRE as the wound is cauterised with hot coals. 14. From across the cluttered campground, two cleanly dressed young men approach on horseback: ROSSE and ANGUS, from th King’s tent. They stand out, their armour showing no sign combat. They cannot hide their shock at the state of the soldiers. Banquo notices their arrival. Murmuring privately:
9) 3) dialog: And we are sent To give thee from our royal master thanks.
9) 6) dialog: Treasons capital, confess’d and prov’d, Have overthrown him. Macbeth cannot respond. Rosse takes out an ORNATE BOX and opens it, presenting Macbeth with CAWDOR’S STAINED TABARD Macbeth looks between Rosse and Angus, who smile back at expectantly. Finally:
19) 1) text: Duncan and his entourage of Malcolm, Angus, Rosse, MENTEI and OTHERS stare around at the rustic hardship of Inverne Their horses fill the whole village square. Before them, LADY MACBETH and the rest of the villagers a BOWING, all in their finest adornments. Each of the women hair has been ceremonially plaited. Lady Macbeth rises and approaches the King. She removes t hood of her cloak, smiling gracefully:
47) 0) text: A CROWD has gathered outside the chapel. The population o Inverness has swelled with outsiders, gathered to pay the respects to the dead King. Among the crowd are the LEAD THANES, including Macduff an his young, beautiful wife LADY MACDUFF. He holds one of t CHILDREN (5). The other one (8) clings to Lady Macduff’s skirt. Banquo stands a little way off. Everyone is DRESSED IN DARK COLOURS. Many are hooded. Som carry posies of local flowers. All shell-shocked. Uncerta The Thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait. Lennox Angus and Rosse close together.
47) 2) dialog: Ay, and wisely too; For ‘twould have anger’d any heart alive To hear the men deny’t.
79) 0) text: Two dozen tents occupy a large swathe of hillside by the Scottish-English border. The stone wall dividing the nati stretches as far as the eye can see, torches lighting its length. A huge ARMY OF SOLDIERS, healthy, well equipped and well trained, prepares beneath them. It is a modern force, wit vast supply of weapons and horses. Rosse, Angus and the other Scottish Lords pull up on hors their few belongings bound behind them. A young man walks over to greet them: MALCOLM. All the Soldiers stand for him as the riders dismount: a young general in the making. He embraces Rosse, then Angus, exc to see the familiar faces.
80) 0) text: In another part of the encampment a man is kneeling on th ground, praying. MACDUFF. 70. He sees Malcolm and Angus walking towards him. Rosse and other Thanes holding back. He stands as they arrive.
80) 2) dialog: Alas, poor country. Almost afraid to know itself. It cannot Be call’d our mother, but our grave.
95) 16) dialog: He’s worth no more. This way, my Lord; the castle’s gently render’d. At this, Macduff looks up to Malcolm from Macbeth’s broke body, exhausted and drained. Bitterly: 86.
95) 18) dialog: Hail, King of Scotland!