47) 0) text: A CROWD has gathered outside the chapel. The population o Inverness has swelled with outsiders, gathered to pay the respects to the dead King. Among the crowd are the LEAD THANES, including Macduff an his young, beautiful wife LADY MACDUFF. He holds one of t CHILDREN (5). The other one (8) clings to Lady Macduff’s skirt. Banquo stands a little way off. Everyone is DRESSED IN DARK COLOURS. Many are hooded. Som carry posies of local flowers. All shell-shocked. Uncerta The Thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait. Lennox Angus and Rosse close together.
48) 0) text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth process towards the altar, eyes forward, a strange parody of a wedding. They pay their respects over the body of the fallen king. Hovering above the corpse, Macbeth’s gaze turns to meet Banquo’s just outside the tent. But Banquo looks away. Hi face edged with distrust. Sensing this, Lady Macbeth glances round at the rest of t crowd. Her stare flickers over Lady Macduff. Taking in he assembled family. Macbeth looks back to Duncan’s body. He lays the CEREMONI ROYAL SWORD on the dead King’s chest and kneels before hi Lady Macbeth at his side.
49) 0) text: Seeing Macbeth kneel, the crowd follows suit. Almost as i is to Macbeth himself they are kneeling. Macduff, back at his wife’s side, also lowers himself to knees. Lady Macduff looks solemn. They know their chance passed.
57) 0) text: Macbeth opens his eyes, the blessing complete. He is now King. He and Lady Macbeth stand to accept the devotions o their subjects. One by one, the Nobles begin to process forward to pay homage. Macduff and his family are the first amongst them Lady Macduff steps up to Lady Macbeth, curtseys and takes hand -- but hesitates before kissing it. Lady Macbeth hol it out to her, waiting. Lady Macduff then looks her dead the eye and kisses it at the wrist, defiant in her obedie To her side, Banquo bows at Macbeth’s feet now. Macbeth smiles down at his old friend -- but Banquo cannot hold h look. Uneasily he turns his face down and, unable to kiss new king’s hand, instead touches it with his forehead. As he stands again, almost imperceptibly, Macbeth’s hand starts to TREMBLE. Lady Macbeth notices. Shoots him glanc The other Thanes process forward, pledging their allegian in turn.
64) 0) text: The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in this rarefied ceremonial dinner. There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come fr Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, An Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it. Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his sid Everyone waiting on his command. Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal coup closely.
71) 0) text: An isolated valley. Macduff hurries his Wife and Children onto three horses, flanked by two of his guards. He lifts youngest Child up to Lady Macduff on the horse and kisses them each goodbye urgently. He has to leave.
76) 1) dialog: (screaming) Murder! We see Lady Macduff running for her life behind him, clutching her youngest child in her arms. Behind them, Macbeth’s SOLDIERS are bearing down on horseback. The older Boy trips and falls. Lady Macduff desperately h him up, pulling him back to his feet. He sprints on ahead but it’s too late for her. The Soldiers grab her up. LADY MACDUFF (CONT’D) (screaming) Murder! I have done no harm!
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, staring up outside the cas Shocked with grief over what’s about to happen. 68. WIDE: Lady Macduff and her Children are tied to poles on platform before the castle walls. A pyre beneath them sta with wood for burning. The Children CRYING quietly. A CROWD watches. Lady Macbeth hesitates at their fore -- though for a moment she might try to step forward and rel these prisoners. But then... Macbeth walks forwards brandishing a fiery torch.
77) 4) dialog: This tyrant, whose sole name blisters our tongues, Was once thought honest! Macbeth hesitates at her words. The briefest of pauses. T - he lowers the torch. The wood CATCHES. Lady Macbeth stares on as the flames ri up. Her face shuttering into a mask of grief. 69.
78) 0) text: Darkness. The castle is silhouetted in the distance. The corpses of Lady Macduff and her children ENGULFED IN FLAM on the stakes. Lady Macbeth just stares blankly. Her mind cracked by the atrocity she’s witnessed. She looks up and follows the fl flickering high in the sky.