0) 0) text: A small boy lies motionless on a RAISED PLATFORM. His eye stare up at us, lifeless. He has flowers in his hair and surrounding his shrouded body, his hands folded on his ch A MEAGRE CROWD stands in front of this PYRE. To the fore MACBETH and LADY MACBETH. Their faces ashen with grief. Behind them we see BANQUO and his son FLEANCE. Lady Macbeth walks forward with a sprig of RED BERRIES. Places them reverently on her young son’s dead chest, fighting back tears. After her, Macbeth carefully lays oyster shells over the boy’s eyes. Then he scoops up a handful of black Scottish soil and pours it over his son’s chest. Over his folded hands. Sending him to rest.
1) 0) text: The platform is ablaze, the smoke disappearing into the v landscape. Macbeth’s arm is around Lady Macbeth. Their fa stricken. She lays her head on his shoulder, seeking sola He watches the embers and smoke of the pyre rise into the darkening sky, transfixed by the sight. The camera follow the smoke as it rises and becomes --
16) 0) text: Light shines in through a cruciform hole in the wall of t bare, makeshift church. On the floor, before a sparse alt sits LADY MACBETH. The years since we last saw her have been hard. But she i strong. Self-preserving. This is clearly a sanctuary for In front of her lies the presentation box containing Cawd tabard. She lifts it from the box, revealing a LETTER fro Macbeth underneath. As she runs her fingers across the fa she begins to read...
16) 1) dialog: ‘They met me in the day of success; and I have learn’d by the perfect’st report they have more in them than mortal knowledge. When I burned in desire to question them further, they made themselves air, into which they vanish’'d. Whiles I stood rapt in the wonder of it, came missives from the King, who all-hail’d me, “Thane of Cawdor”; by which title, before, these Weird Sisters saluted me, and referr’d me to the coming on of time, with, ‘Hail, King that shalt be!’ She looks up to a large cross above the altar. Determinat burning in her eyes. She speaks quietly, entreating: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Come, you Spirits, That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here, And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full Of direst cruelty. Come to my woman’s breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murth’ring ministers, Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on Nature’s mischief. Come, thick Night, (MORE )
16) 2) text: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of Hell, That my keen knife see not the wound it makes, Nor Heaven peep through the blanket of the dark, To cry, ‘Hold, hold!’ She looks from the cross to a tableau engraved into the walls. Fearsome devils clutching human babies, stealing t away. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) (to herself, to Macbeth) Hie thee hither, That I may pour my spirits in thine ear, And chastise with the valour of my tongue All that impedes thee from the golden round.
18) 0) text: Macbeth and Banquo draw to a halt, their remaining army a laden horses behind them. As they dismount, Banquo’s youn son FLEANCE runs towards them. Banquo smiles. He reaches down and grabs Fleance up, clutching his son in an embrace. Nearby, Macbeth just takes his weapons from his horse. Al The Women of the village watch him in nervous anticipatio Macbeth opens the bag with his dead soldiers’ swords and tags. Then sees one WOMAN in particular and stops. She is angular, pockmarked, and extremely fearful. Macbeth searches in the bag until he finds the sword he’s looking for: it’s the Young Boy Soldier's sword, the fabr still wrapped round it. He slides off the fabric to keep for himself, then remove the sword and brings it to the woman. She closes her eyes sags forward in abject despair. 20. INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - CONTINUOUS Lady Macbeth waits in the middle of the meagre bedchamber watching the door. Sleepless with nerves. In her hands is ceremonial drinks set, prepared for her returning husband FOOTSTEPS sound from the walkway outside and she tenses. Then... The bedroom door pushes open. Macbeth, still in his armou Their eyes meet for a moment, neither sure how to close t ground between them. Months of absence to recover in a second. Macbeth turns away, starts to pull off his rough armour. Exhausted. Bruised. She tentatively steps closer to help
18) 1) dialog: (nervous ) Thy letters have transported me beyond This ignorant present, and I feel now The future in the instant. Macbeth turns, meets her eyes, uneasy at her insinuation. Neither of them move. The words hanging between them.
18) 3) dialog: And when goes hence?
18) 5) dialog: O never Shall sun that morrow see. Macbeth stares. Struck silent by the thought spoken out l Lady Macbeth tentatively puts a hand on his shoulder -- b he flinches away with the pain. Undeterred, she eases off his remaining armour, trying to find intimacy. He starts to sag with exhaustion, edging towards rest for the first time in months. But instinctiv he resists it. 21. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Glamis thou art, and Cawdor, and shalt be What thou art promis’d... Macbeth gently shakes her away, uncomfortable. He peels o bandage. Lady Macbeth stares at the wound beneath. Deep. takes away his weaponry and hangs it on the wall, disarmi him. He stands alone for a second, watching her. Until she tur takes his head in her hands and, gingerly, kisses him on lips. Macbeth closes his eyes. A small, unconscious smile creep over his face. An old closeness. Home. She takes his hand, trying to keep the tenderness, and dr him to sit on the bed. Softly she dips a cloth into a bow spiced water by the side and strokes at his wound. He inhales sharply in pain. She continues to tend to him. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Yet I do fear thy nature: It is too full o’th’milk of human kindness, To catch the nearest way. Thou wouldst be great; Art not without ambition, but without The illness should attend it: what thou wouldst highly, That wouldst thou holily; wouldst not play false, And yet wouldst wrongly win. She gently rolls him onto his side, revealing another wou on his back. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) To beguile the time, Look like the time; bear welcome in your eye, Your hand, your tongue: look like th’innocent flower, But be the serpent under’t. He looks round at her. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) He that’s coming Must be provided for. You shall put This night’s great business into my dispatch. Leave all the rest to me. Which shall to all our nights and days to come Give solely sovereign sway and masterdom.
19) 1) text: Duncan and his entourage of Malcolm, Angus, Rosse, MENTEI and OTHERS stare around at the rustic hardship of Inverne Their horses fill the whole village square. Before them, LADY MACBETH and the rest of the villagers a BOWING, all in their finest adornments. Each of the women hair has been ceremonially plaited. Lady Macbeth rises and approaches the King. She removes t hood of her cloak, smiling gracefully:
19) 2) dialog: All our service, In every point twice done, and then done double. Duncan cups her face in his hand.
20) 0) text: Lady Macbeth prays at the altar. She finishes, then start soak a cloth in a dark liquid -- preparing a MIXTURE of s kind. She grinds herbs into it with a pestle and mortar as the sound of CHILDREN SINGING bleeds in and...
21) 0) text: A SMALL CHOIR OF BOYS AND GIRLS sings FAILTE DHUNNCHAIDH before King Duncan, a tribute to their royal guest. Lady Macbeth stands amongst them, leading the song. Maternal i her pride. This main tent has been transformed into a feasting hall, open at the sides. Benches and tables line the space, Dun and his retinue seated at the head. The whole room is decorated with berries and flowers, every effort made to the bare tent into a space fit for the King. The whole village has crowded in. Macbeth. Banquo. Fleanc All watching in exhausted solemnity. As the children finish their song, Duncan applauds indulgently, smiling beneficence. The others follow his l
24) 0) text: Malcolm’s eyes rove by Duncan’s side in the feast. Search Macbeth’s chair is EMPTY. Lady Macbeth enters with more food. She lays it down in f of DUNCAN'S TWO GUARDS, filling their glasses with more w As they clumsily toast her, drunk, she glances across to Macbeth’s place -- and falters for a second, the absence awkward. Quickly she hurries away. Malcolm watches her. But Duncan fails to notice. 26.
25) 0) text: Lady Macbeth scans the village in the darkness. It seems deserted, everyone in the pavilion. Then, she sees it: a flame burning dimly in the chapel. INT. INVERNESS/CHAPEL - NIGHT. Shadows flicker from a lone torch. Macbeth hunches forwar a rough wooden pew.
25) 3) dialog: Know you not, he has? She moves to the altar. Determined. From underneath it, s draws the pestle, mortar and herbs we saw earlier from th hiding place and pours the mixture into a SMALL VIAL. Macbeth rises to his feet. He steps up behind her and tak her in his arms. Quietly:
25) 6) dialog: Was the hope drunk, Wherein you dress'd yourself? Hath it slept since? And wakes it now, to look so green and pale At what it did so freely? She turns to face him: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) From this time Such I account thy love. Art thou afeard To be the same in thine own act and valour, As thou art in desire? Would’st thou have that (MORE )
25) 7) text: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Which thou esteem’st the ornament of life, And live a coward in thy own esteem, Letting ‘I dare not’ wait upon ‘I would’?
25) 9) dialog: What beast was’t then, That made you break this enterprise to me? When you durst do it, then you were a man; And, to be more than what you were, you would Be so much more the man. Nor time, nor place, Did then adhere, and yet you would make both: They have made themselves, and that their fitness now Does unmake you. She takes his face in her hands, beseeching. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) (quietly) I have given suck, and know How tender ‘tis to love the babe that milks me. I would, while it was smiling in my face, Have pluck’d my nipple from his boneless gums, And dash’d the brains out, had I so sworn As you have done to this.
25) 11) dialog: We fail. But screw your courage to the sticking-place, And we'll not fail. She kisses him, almost nervous. Macbeth kisses her back, forcefully. Reaching down, she then slowly starts to work him out of clothes. Taken by her actions, he pushes her back against altar and kisses her harder. Their passion grows in intensity. They begin to make love Intimate. Desperate, but caring. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) (breathless, almost inaudible) When Duncan is asleep, his two chamberlains Will I with wine and wassail so convince That memory, the warder of the brain, (MORE )
25) 12) text: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Shall be a fume, and the receipt of reason A limbeck only: when in swinish sleep Their drenchéd natures lie as in a death, What cannot you and I perform upon The unguarded Duncan? What not put upon His spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt Of our great quell? Macbeth gasps and hangs his head, finally spent. They sta there a moment, still. Until, softly, she eases him out o her. Kisses his lips. And he looks up into her eyes.
29) 0) text: Lady Macbeth prays in the chapel. Alone, lit by candles. INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - NIGHT Macbeth, meanwhile, is hunched down over a fire, his hand moving soundlessly over his body as though checking his weapons in his unconscious battle ritual. He is wracked with indecision. Memories of war playing on mind like the dark shadows dancing on the walls. Memories his fallen friends. Of the Witches. He drops his hands to his knees, redundant for a second. instantly starts his ritual again -- but... It’s no use. He gives up. Makes to rub his face, exhauste when suddenly... He frowns, noticing something. His hand is TREMBLING. Unnerved by this trick of his body, Macbeth closes his ey trying to banish the tension. He breathes out, then weari opens his eyes and... Stops dead. The YOUNG BOY SOLDIER from the battlefield is standing in doorway of the dwelling before him, watching him calmly. is pale as the grave, his cut throat now scarred over, as though time has passed. But he seems corporeal. Real. And, in his hands, is a DAGGER. He is holding it out to Macbeth by the blade. Macbeth stares. Disbelief edging into his voice.
34) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, eyes shut fast in prayer, determined. She holds a STRING OF CHARMS in her hand, her fingers worrying its beads. The rain HAMMERS outside. The chapel bells RINGING out above her in the gale. Fresh clothes are laid out at her feet.
36) 0) text: Lady Macbeth waits, alone in the pews. Suddenly FOOTSTEPS outside make her start:
36) 1) dialog: Hark! I laid their daggers ready; He could not miss’em. Had he not resembled My father as he slept, I had done’t. The FOOTSTEPS draw near to the chapel, RUNNING. She tread quietly to the door, peering through it. Outside, a figure is saddling a horse in the corral. Malc
37) 0) text: Quickly, Malcolm mounts his mare, kicks it, and rides it of the corral. As he goes, his horse pulls the corral pos free -- and suddenly all the other horses BOLT OUT into t darkness. Lady Macbeth steps out of the chapel behind. She stares a him, panic in her eyes. When suddenly -- A BLOODIED HAND covers her mouth from behind. Macbeth, soaked and covered in blood. He is shaking uncontrollably and clutching the two stained daggers in h free hand. She pulls herself free:
37) 1) dialog: (gasping) My husband!
37) 3) dialog: Did you not speak? 37.
37) 5) dialog: Now.
37) 7) dialog: Ay. Macbeth cannot answer. He studies the stains on his shirt the blood dripping on the stone floor.
37) 10) dialog: A foolish thought to say a sorry sight.
37) 12) dialog: Who was it that thus cried? Why, worthy Thane, You do unbend your noble strength, to think So brainsickly of things. Go, get some water, And wash this filthy witness from your hand.-- She pulls his other hand up and for the first time notice the bloody daggers. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) (shocked) Why did you bring these daggers from the place? They must lie there: go, carry them, and smear The sleepy grooms with blood. Lady Macbeth tries to rouse him from his stupor but he sh her off. 38. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Infirm of purpose! Give me the daggers. The sleeping and the dead, Are but as pictures; ‘tis the eye of childhood That fears a painted devil. If he do bleed, I‘’ll gild the faces of the grooms withal, For it must seem their guilt. She pulls the daggers from his grip.
38) 0) text: Lady Macbeth walks at a pace along the dark walkway. We follow from behind, her body silhouetted in the faint moonlight as she comes to the sleeping Guards. Tentatively, she smears their shirts and faces with the daggers’ blood, careful not to wake them. Before turning away, however, she glances inside -- and s Duncan’s bloodied shape through the opening of his tent curtain. She stops a moment. Horror in her eyes.
39) 4) dialog: My hands are of your colour; but I shame To wear a heart so white. 39. She crosses to him and thrusts her hands into the fall of rain water. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) A little water clears us of this deed: How easy is it then! She wipes them clean, then unties Macbeth’s ravaged shirt strips it off, stuffing his bloodied clothes into the hid space in the altar. She covers it again. But as she does, quietly:
43) 8) dialog: What’s the business? Speak. Speak!
43) 10) dialog: O, by whom?
43) 14) dialog: Help me hence, ho!
48) 0) text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth process towards the altar, eyes forward, a strange parody of a wedding. They pay their respects over the body of the fallen king. Hovering above the corpse, Macbeth’s gaze turns to meet Banquo’s just outside the tent. But Banquo looks away. Hi face edged with distrust. Sensing this, Lady Macbeth glances round at the rest of t crowd. Her stare flickers over Lady Macduff. Taking in he assembled family. Macbeth looks back to Duncan’s body. He lays the CEREMONI ROYAL SWORD on the dead King’s chest and kneels before hi Lady Macbeth at his side.
53) 0) text: The trail of villagers snakes through the harsh countrysi A population on the move. Macbeth rides at the head of hi army with Lady Macbeth at his side. He looks back to Banquo, who keeps his distance at the re of the line, the berth between them marking the tension.
54) 1) text: Duncan’s former castle seems five times the size of the w of Inverness: its high thick walls span the width of the and lookouts rise from each of the four corners. One side is surrounded by the dense BIRNAM WOODS, on the other lies the North Sea. WIDE: Macbeth approaches on horseback along the beach, wi Lady Macbeth mounted regally by his side. His entire army arrayed behind them. And, behind the army, the villagers Inverness. Macbeth and Lady Macbeth share a private, inadvertent smi this is their new home. Macbeth dismounts and gives his r to a soldier -- Seyton, who lost an arm on the battlefiel Loyal. Macbeth offers his elbow to Lady Macbeth, bowing slightly he does so. She smiles happily and dismounts. 47. In the rank some way behind them, Banquo and Fleance watc the new King and Queen elect making their way towards the castle from their lone horse. Banquo takes in the rest of the army. As if struck for th first time by the implications of Macbeth’s advancement.
56) 0) text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth kneel at the head of a vast ston nave, now dressed in royal raiments. There’s an awkwardne to them in their formal clothes and heavy crowns, a stiff that was never there before. Before them, a huge CROWD CHANTS MACBETH’S NAME. All of t Nobles are collected in their finery. To one side, Macbet SOLDIERS stand to attention. Further back, the Villagers Inverness, their ranks swelled with those from Dunsinane 48. A BISHOP cups his hand over Lady Macbeth’s forehead. With other hand he pours HOLY WATER over her CROWN. He moves to Macbeth to repeat the gesture -- his fingerti touching Macbeth’s head, just as the Older Witch did on t battlefield. CLOSE ON: Macbeth’s face as the water seeps through the Bishop’s fingers, running down over his brow. He closes h eyes against it and...
57) 0) text: Macbeth opens his eyes, the blessing complete. He is now King. He and Lady Macbeth stand to accept the devotions o their subjects. One by one, the Nobles begin to process forward to pay homage. Macduff and his family are the first amongst them Lady Macduff steps up to Lady Macbeth, curtseys and takes hand -- but hesitates before kissing it. Lady Macbeth hol it out to her, waiting. Lady Macduff then looks her dead the eye and kisses it at the wrist, defiant in her obedie To her side, Banquo bows at Macbeth’s feet now. Macbeth smiles down at his old friend -- but Banquo cannot hold h look. Uneasily he turns his face down and, unable to kiss new king’s hand, instead touches it with his forehead. As he stands again, almost imperceptibly, Macbeth’s hand starts to TREMBLE. Lady Macbeth notices. Shoots him glanc The other Thanes process forward, pledging their allegian in turn.
58) 3) dialog: How now, my lord, why do you keep alone, Of sorriest fancies your companions making, Using those thoughts which should indeed have died With them they think on? He does not answer. Instead, he picks up a knife and star to pick at some dried blood on its blade, deep in thought
58) 5) dialog: Things without all remedy Should be without regard. What’s done is done. Come on, gentle my lord, Sleek o’er your rugged looks, Be bright and jovial among your guests tonight. Lady Macbeth playfully picks up the crown and places it o his head. She smiles approvingly. But then --
58) 7) dialog: You must leave this.
58) 11) dialog: What’s to be done? Macbeth stares at her, on the cusp of speaking. Then --
64) 0) text: The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in this rarefied ceremonial dinner. There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come fr Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, An Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it. Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his sid Everyone waiting on his command. Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal coup closely.
64) 3) dialog: Pronounce it for me, Sir, to all our friends; For my heart speaks, they are welcome. Menteith holds out another seat for Macbeth...
64) 14) dialog: My royal Lord, You do not give the cheer. Macbeth stops at the sound of her voice, looks back. Abru aware of everyone watching him again. He rearranges his f into a smile and nods back to Seyton, trying to mask thei conversation:
64) 23) dialog: Sit, worthy friends. My Lord is often thus, And hath been from his youth: pray you, keep seat; The fit is momentary; upon a thought He will again be well. If much you note him, You shall offend him, and extend his passion; Feed, and regard him not. At her command, finally, the guests sit. Lady Macbeth tak Macbeth’s wrist and draws him close. The whole room still watching. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) (whispering urgently) Are you a man?
64) 25) dialog: O proper stuff! 59.
64) 27) dialog: This is the very painting of your fear: This is the air-drawn dagger, which, you said, Led you to Duncan. Why do you make such faces? As she speaks, Macbeth looks past her and -- blinks. Banq has now VANISHED. Replaced by one of his Soldiers.
64) 29) dialog: My worthy Lord, Your noble friends do lack you. She starts to lead him back to the table. Macbeth takes h arm as he follows after her -- trying to convince her:
64) 36) dialog: Think of this, good Peers, But as a thing of custom: ‘tis no other...
64) 42) dialog: I pray you, speak not! He grows worse and worse; Question enrages him. At once, good night. Stunned, the audience does not move. Finally she snaps ag LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Stand not upon the order of your going But go at once! The Nobles hastily gather their possessions and leave.
64) 44) dialog: A kind good night to all! Eventually, Macbeth and Lady Macbeth are left alone in th cavernous hall. Finally, for the first time, Macbeth take seat.
65) 0) text: Late. Everyone has left, night sunken in. Macbeth lies fu clothed on the floor of the hall. Quietly, with a blanket over her shoulders, Lady Macbeth enters. Kneels down to him:
65) 2) dialog: Almost at odds with morning, which is which. His eyes flicker with fatigue, but he keeps himself going 62.
65) 4) dialog: You lack the season of all natures, sleep. But Macbeth just presses on insistently.
66) 0) text: Gently, Lady Macbeth leads Macbeth to the bed, lays him d and strokes his head as she did before. She curls herself next to him. Nestles her head against h back as her own eyes begin to close, willing him to rest. But his eyes remain open.
67) 0) text: Silence. Lady Macbeth sleeps peacefully by Macbeth’s side Macbeth, however, is still wide awake, staring up at the ceiling. Strange LIGHTS are dancing amongst the shadows on the wal Curiously he gets to his feet and tracks them to their so -- a crack in the curtain. The NORTHERN LIGHTS are streaking the black night outside glaring brilliantly. As though calling to him. He casts a look at his wife, innocent in her sleep, and... 63.
74) 0) text: Lady Macbeth waits by a side entrance of the castle. Watc her husband coming towards her along the beach, wariness her eyes.
75) 0) text: Macbeth paces, listening to the news since his departure. Lennox and Seyton are hovering nearby. Lady Macbeth stare her husband, fear edging into her look.
75) 6) dialog: Hell is murky. What’s done cannot be undone. 67. Macbeth watches her for a second. Gently takes her face i his hands. For a fleeting moment, she sees his old self again. Then, as he holds her, he calls out to Lennox and Seyton:
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, staring up outside the cas Shocked with grief over what’s about to happen. 68. WIDE: Lady Macduff and her Children are tied to poles on platform before the castle walls. A pyre beneath them sta with wood for burning. The Children CRYING quietly. A CROWD watches. Lady Macbeth hesitates at their fore -- though for a moment she might try to step forward and rel these prisoners. But then... Macbeth walks forwards brandishing a fiery torch.
78) 0) text: Darkness. The castle is silhouetted in the distance. The corpses of Lady Macduff and her children ENGULFED IN FLAM on the stakes. Lady Macbeth just stares blankly. Her mind cracked by the atrocity she’s witnessed. She looks up and follows the fl flickering high in the sky.
84) 0) text: Lady Macbeth sits alone in her chamber, washing some tool a bowl. Disquieted, she scrubs at them harder and harder. They are the daggers with which Duncan was killed. Unsatisfied, she looks up.
85) 0) text: Lady Macbeth travels towards her old village on horseback with her Maidservant. She is swathed in muslin, her shoul covered by a white cloak. Inverness is now in ruins. The tents have long gone and t cross-beams and structural supports stand like abandoned totems. Only the chapel remains, snow glistening against sides. It is a ghost town.
86) 0) text: Lady Macbeth sits on the floor of the chapel alone, envel only in the muslin now. Her breath clouds in the freezing air. But she does not seem to feel the cold. Part of the roof is sagging and torn, small flakes of sno finding their way into the interior. Her eyes stare out at someone we cannot see in the chapel before her. She speaks quietly, as though pleading with a that has past. As though confessing, almost.
86) 1) dialog: Yet here’s a spot. Out, damned spot! out, I say! Hell is murky... At some imagined response, her face hardens. Upbraiding whomever she sees: 74. LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Fie, my Lord, fie! A soldier, and afeard? What need we fear who knows it, when none can call our power to account? Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him? At this, her face cracks in sadness, almost imperceptibly LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) The Thane of Fife had a wife: where is she now? What, will these hands ne’r be clean? No more o’that, my Lord, no more o’that: you mar all with this starting. Here’s the smell of the blood still: All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand. Wash your hands, put on your night-gown; look not so pale. To bed, to bed: there’s knocking at the gate. She starts to beg, reaching out in plea now: LADY MACBETH (CONT’D) Come, come, come, come, give me your hand. What’s done cannot be undone. To bed, to bed, to bed. Finally, her eyes sag with exhaustion, the lids closing. she forces them open again. Desperate to cling on to the vision before her. And finally we turn in the direction o her stare to see: A SMALL CHILD on the floor of the chapel. Pale, his skin marred with red sores. It is her SON. The boy we saw in the opening image, now a again. Until, softly -- WIND-CHIMES peal on the wind outside. She looks up.
87) 0) text: Lady Macbeth walks away from the chapel, barefoot now ove the snow-dusted ground. Icy MIST swirls around her. Some way in the distance, on the crest of a hill, are FOU FIGURES. The Witches. One has a bundle in her arms: the infant we saw earlier. It seems to beckon Lady Macbeth on Lady Macbeth stares. Drawn inexorably. 75.
87) 1) dialog: To bed. To bed. To bed. She walks on, struggling with each new step. Her eyes lil to sleep. WIDE: Lady Macbeth is alone and lost, wandering into the landscape, fully exposed to the elements.
89) 0) text: Macbeth enters. Lady Macbeth is lying motionless on a bed her face white and still, her lips blue. Her Maidservant next to her, her eyes red and swollen from crying. A DOCTOR stands by. Nervous. Macbeth approaches.