3) 5) dialog: Doubtful it stood... INT. KING DUNCAN’S TENT - DAY LENNOX, a gnarled and battle-worn old soldier, kneels bef us. His face covered in blood and war-paint. Reporting th battle as though narrating straight to the audience:
3) 6) dialog: As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art. The merciless Macdonwald from the Western Isles Of kerns and gallowglasses is supplied And fortune, on his damnéd quarrel smiling, Showed like a rebel’s whore. KING DUNCAN listens, rapt. His clothes clean, his crown immaculate, his sword decorative at his waist. But quickl slam back into the --
4) 1) dialog: But all’s too weak, For brave Macbeth -- well he deserves that name —- Disdaining fortune, with his brandished steel, Which smoked with bloody execution, Like valor’s minion carved out his passage Till he faced the slave. Macbeth charges through the final Guards -- dispatching o then another, and another, Banquo always at his side -- u eventually he comes face to face with MACDONWALD himself. Macdonwald is terrified. Defenceless now. He raises his sword, trembling as Macbeth advances on him. Then, gently almost, Macbeth takes Macdonwald’s sword by blade. Lowers it. A strange intimacy to the moment. Macdonwald’s face slackens at the inevitability of what’s before him. Macbeth turns, taking in the carnage behind. His fallen brothers. The slaughtered Norwegians. Then he meets Banqu eyes. And, in one swift motion, he spins, swinging with his broadsword -- to DECAPITATE Macdonwald in one seemless sl
4) 2) dialog: Which ne'er shook hands, nor bade farewell to him, Till he unseamed him from the nave to th' chops, And fixed his head upon our battlements. Macdonwald’s body drops. A beat of silence, all of the Soldiers on the battlefield watching. Then, as one -- Macbeth’s men BELLOW for their leader in victory.
4) 4) dialog: And to conclude, victory fell on us.
42) 0) text: Macbeth leads Macduff and Lennox toward Duncan’s tent. Th walk in silence.
42) 2) dialog: Goes the King hence to-day?
42) 4) dialog: The night has been unruly: where we lay Our chimneys were blown down; and, as they say, Lamentings heard i’th’air; strange screams of death, Some say, the earth was feverous, and did shake. Macbeth looks up at him for the first time. A glimmer of suspicion on his brow.
43) 0) text: Macbeth stares hard at Lennox, uneasy. About to speak, wh -- Macduff walks out from Duncan's tent. His hands bloody Lennox’s face falls in horror.
43) 4) dialog: Mean you his majesty? 42.
43) 11) dialog: Those of his chamber, Their hands were all badged with blood... Lennox points back towards the Guards, speechless. 43. Instantly, Macbeth heads out to the tent’s entrance. He g up the first Guard, pulls out his dagger and SLICES HIS N with one deadly swipe. The Guard drops. Macbeth then grabs the second sleeping G and SLAYS HIM TOO. Behind Macbeth, Macduff and Banquo stare. Fleance is root by their side, stunned. Macbeth looks up from his victims to see their eyes all turned towards him. But it is Banquo whose gaze Macbeth meets. Macduff steps forward. The distrust clear in his voice:
47) 0) text: A CROWD has gathered outside the chapel. The population o Inverness has swelled with outsiders, gathered to pay the respects to the dead King. Among the crowd are the LEAD THANES, including Macduff an his young, beautiful wife LADY MACDUFF. He holds one of t CHILDREN (5). The other one (8) clings to Lady Macduff’s skirt. Banquo stands a little way off. Everyone is DRESSED IN DARK COLOURS. Many are hooded. Som carry posies of local flowers. All shell-shocked. Uncerta The Thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait. Lennox Angus and Rosse close together.
47) 1) dialog: How it did grieve Macbeth. Did he not straight, In pious rage, the two delinquents tear, That were the slaves of drink, and thralls of sleep? Was that not nobly done?
47) 3) dialog: I say, he has borne all things well. He looks over the other Lords, sizing up their response. Angus meets his glance and nods: they share a loyalty.
64) 0) text: The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in this rarefied ceremonial dinner. There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come fr Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, An Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it. Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his sid Everyone waiting on his command. Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal coup closely.
64) 18) dialog: His absence, Sir, Lays blame upon his promise. Macbeth smiles at him and raises the cup to his lips, as others. But just as Macbeth starts to drink -- He STOPS AGAIN, something catching his eye nearby. Everyo pauses. LENNOX (CONT’D) What is’t that moves your Highness? A change has come over Macbeth’s face. He starts forward. MACBETH’S POV: Standing amongst the soldiers at the far e of the hall, is BANQUO. Dressed for battle, his face cove in war-paint. The wounds inflicted on him have disappeare 58. But his eyes burn into Macbeth -- a look of love. Of betrayal. BACK TO: Lady Macbeth immediately senses something is seriously wrong now. Lennox too. Slowly, Macbeth walks towards the vision of Banquo.
64) 20) dialog: (confused) What, my good Lord?
64) 41) dialog: What sights, my Lord? Lady Macbeth rounds on him:
72) 0) text: Daylight. The mist has cleared. Through it, vacant-eyed a somnambulant, Macbeth is wandering like a lost soldier, h body smeared with earth. His horse gently grazes nearby. Lennox rides up alone. He has clearly been looking for hi King. He quickly dismounts and hurries over as Macbeth squints into the early morning sun. He calls out:
72) 2) dialog: No, my Lord.
72) 4) dialog: No, indeed, my Lord. Lennox takes out a blanket and tries to wrap it around Macbeth, helping him back onto his horse. Macbeth grabs Lennox’s arm, grinning up at the sky around him.
73) 0) text: Lennox and Macbeth ride through the barren landscape. Mac seems alert now, charged with a new purpose.
75) 0) text: Macbeth paces, listening to the news since his departure. Lennox and Seyton are hovering nearby. Lady Macbeth stare her husband, fear edging into her look.
75) 2) dialog: ‘Tis two or three, my Lord, that bring you word, Macduff is fled to England.
75) 4) dialog: Ay, my good Lord. Macbeth holds Lennox’s stare for a second. Then nods, confirmed in his actions. He starts pulling on his armour
81) 0) text: Lennox and Menteith sit beside a tent and a fire. Speakin if directly to us, just as Lennox did in Duncan’s quarter earlier. As they talk, images play over their narration:
81) 1) dialog: Great Dunsinane he strongly fortifies...
82) 1) dialog: Some say he’s mad. Others, that lesser hate him, Do call it valiant fury. Macbeth rocks in a beam of light from a window, alone.
82) 2) dialog: But, for certain, He cannot buckle his distemper’d cause Within the belt of rule. Macbeth jogs around the castle’s rooms, on edge.
82) 3) dialog: Those he commands move only in command... Macbeth drinks wine at dawn, its effects lost on him.
82) 4) dialog: Nothing in love. Macbeth stares into space, his crown perched on his brow.