41) 3) dialog: Is the King stirring, worthy Thane? Macbeth, for a moment, appears lost. Macduff repeats:
41) 4) dialog: Is the king --
41) 6) dialog: He did command me to call timely on him: I have almost slipp’d the hour. Macbeth nods. The role he now must play dawning on him.
42) 0) text: Macbeth leads Macduff and Lennox toward Duncan’s tent. Th walk in silence.
42) 1) dialog: I’1l make so bold to call. Macduff enters Duncan’s tent, disappearing from sight. Le turns. Making conversation:
43) 0) text: Macbeth stares hard at Lennox, uneasy. About to speak, wh -- Macduff walks out from Duncan's tent. His hands bloody Lennox’s face falls in horror.
43) 2) dialog: Confusion now hath made his masterpiece! Most sacrilegious murder hath broke open The Lord’s anointed temple, and stole thence The life o' th' building!
43) 5) dialog: Do not bid me speak: See, and then speak yourselves. Lennox rushes inside the tent. Macbeth following close af as Macduff bellows:
43) 6) dialog: Awake! Awake! He runs towards Malcolm’s tent.
43) 7) dialog: Ring the alarum-bell. Murder, and treason! Banquo and Malcolm! Awake! Shake off this downy sleep, Death’s counterfeit, and look on death itself. Malcolm! Banquo! Banquo emerges blearily from his tent nearby. He starts t hurry towards Macduff. Fleance joining him. Lady Macbeth steps out of her own dwelling behind him, he hair and bedclothes in pointed disarray. INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS CLOSE ON: Lennox’s face, as he takes in the horrific sigh Duncan's body, just as Macduff left it. Over Lennox’s shoulder, Macbeth stands in the doorway, de still. Macduff breaks in past him, followed by Banquo, Fleance and Lady Macbeth:
43) 9) dialog: Our royal master’s murdered.
43) 12) dialog: Wherefore did you so? Macbeth defiantly moves towards Macduff.
43) 15) dialog: Look to the lady. Lennox quickly helps Lady Macbeth, as Fleance runs out towards the church.
47) 0) text: A CROWD has gathered outside the chapel. The population o Inverness has swelled with outsiders, gathered to pay the respects to the dead King. Among the crowd are the LEAD THANES, including Macduff an his young, beautiful wife LADY MACDUFF. He holds one of t CHILDREN (5). The other one (8) clings to Lady Macduff’s skirt. Banquo stands a little way off. Everyone is DRESSED IN DARK COLOURS. Many are hooded. Som carry posies of local flowers. All shell-shocked. Uncerta The Thanes murmur amongst themselves as they wait. Lennox Angus and Rosse close together.
47) 5) dialog: Those that Macbeth hath slain. 45.
47) 7) dialog: (curtly) They were suborn’d. Malcolm, the King’s son, is stol’n away and fled; which puts upon him Suspicion of the deed. Rosse shakes his head in disbelief.
47) 9) dialog: He is already named.
48) 0) text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth process towards the altar, eyes forward, a strange parody of a wedding. They pay their respects over the body of the fallen king. Hovering above the corpse, Macbeth’s gaze turns to meet Banquo’s just outside the tent. But Banquo looks away. Hi face edged with distrust. Sensing this, Lady Macbeth glances round at the rest of t crowd. Her stare flickers over Lady Macduff. Taking in he assembled family. Macbeth looks back to Duncan’s body. He lays the CEREMONI ROYAL SWORD on the dead King’s chest and kneels before hi Lady Macbeth at his side.
49) 0) text: Seeing Macbeth kneel, the crowd follows suit. Almost as i is to Macbeth himself they are kneeling. Macduff, back at his wife’s side, also lowers himself to knees. Lady Macduff looks solemn. They know their chance passed.
57) 0) text: Macbeth opens his eyes, the blessing complete. He is now King. He and Lady Macbeth stand to accept the devotions o their subjects. One by one, the Nobles begin to process forward to pay homage. Macduff and his family are the first amongst them Lady Macduff steps up to Lady Macbeth, curtseys and takes hand -- but hesitates before kissing it. Lady Macbeth hol it out to her, waiting. Lady Macduff then looks her dead the eye and kisses it at the wrist, defiant in her obedie To her side, Banquo bows at Macbeth’s feet now. Macbeth smiles down at his old friend -- but Banquo cannot hold h look. Uneasily he turns his face down and, unable to kiss new king’s hand, instead touches it with his forehead. As he stands again, almost imperceptibly, Macbeth’s hand starts to TREMBLE. Lady Macbeth notices. Shoots him glanc The other Thanes process forward, pledging their allegian in turn.
64) 0) text: The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in this rarefied ceremonial dinner. There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come fr Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, An Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it. Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his sid Everyone waiting on his command. Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal coup closely.
64) 22) dialog: Gentlemen, his highness is not well. Lady Macbeth quickly moves from her place as Macbeth’s ha begin to TREMBLE FURIOUSLY. She speaks curtly to Macduff the others:
71) 0) text: An isolated valley. Macduff hurries his Wife and Children onto three horses, flanked by two of his guards. He lifts youngest Child up to Lady Macduff on the horse and kisses them each goodbye urgently. He has to leave.
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Lady Macbeth’s face, staring up outside the cas Shocked with grief over what’s about to happen. 68. WIDE: Lady Macduff and her Children are tied to poles on platform before the castle walls. A pyre beneath them sta with wood for burning. The Children CRYING quietly. A CROWD watches. Lady Macbeth hesitates at their fore -- though for a moment she might try to step forward and rel these prisoners. But then... Macbeth walks forwards brandishing a fiery torch.
78) 0) text: Darkness. The castle is silhouetted in the distance. The corpses of Lady Macduff and her children ENGULFED IN FLAM on the stakes. Lady Macbeth just stares blankly. Her mind cracked by the atrocity she’s witnessed. She looks up and follows the fl flickering high in the sky.
80) 0) text: In another part of the encampment a man is kneeling on th ground, praying. MACDUFF. 70. He sees Malcolm and Angus walking towards him. Rosse and other Thanes holding back. He stands as they arrive.
80) 1) dialog: My ever-gentle cousin, Stands Scotland where it did?
80) 3) dialog: What’s the newest grief? Angus tries to speak -- but he cannot find the courage. Macduff senses something is wrong. Fear taking hold deep within in him. Malcolm steps forward:
80) 5) dialog: How does my wife? Malcolm sucks in a breath, mustering strength.
80) 7) dialog: What man? Malcolm doesn’t answer. The culprit is clear.
80) 8) dialog: My children too?
80) 10) dialog: And I must be from thence? 71. Malcolm hesitates, unsettled by the insinuation. Quickly Macduff turns away and begins to gather up his belongings if there is something he could do. Then he stops, staring into nothing.
80) 11) dialog: My wife kill’d too?
80) 13) dialog: He has no children! Malcolm falters, unable to answer the force of Macduff’s rage. Macduff chokes on his grief, grappling Malcolm to h
80) 14) dialog: What, all my pretty chickens, and their dam, At one fell swoop?
80) 16) dialog: I shall do so. But I must also feel it as a man. Sinful Macduff, They were all struck for thee.
80) 18) dialog: Front to front Bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself. Within my sword’s length set him. If he scape heaven, forgive him too.
91) 0) text: FLAMES rage around us, as ghoulish silhouettes of ENGLISH SOLDIERS set torches to the trees of Birnam wood. The bla bathing the world in red, like a descent into hell. From out of their ranks we find a lone figure: MACDUFF, dressed as a Scottish warrior, war-paint streaking his fa
94) 0) text: Macduff emerges from the flames onto the edge of the battlefield. Armed. Ready. He bellows for his nemesis:
94) 1) dialog: Tyrant, show thy face!
95) 6) dialog: I have no words; My voice is in my sword. Macbeth readies himself. And at that -- Macduff CHARGES, sword raised. Macbeth throws up his blade -- but Macduff strikes down i storm of blows. Macbeth dodging and countering fiercely. Again and again Macduff unleashes attacks with all his mi - but Macbeth parries them all. A man without fear. Forci his opponent to tire himself. And, just as Macduff flags little -- Macbeth seizes the opportunity and launches forward, an unstoppable force. Macduff desperately tries to avoid his strikes. His breat becoming more laboured, his defences weaker. 82. Macbeth’s strikes draws closer and closer to their target and suddenly he breaks through Macduff’s guard and SLASHE his blade across his shoulder. Macduff SCREAMS OUT and stumbles back. Macbeth looks over at him. Defiant. Offering him survival
95) 9) dialog: Despair thy charm; And let the Angel whom thou still hast serv’d Tell thee, Macduff was from his mother’s womb Untimely ripp’d. At this, suddenly -- Macbeth’s grip loosens. His eyes deadened by the words. Shocked. Thrown, he looks up at those around him. And there, in the ranks of the Soldiers, he sees THE YOUN BOY SOLDIER. Macbeth turns his gaze back to Macduff.
95) 12) dialog: Then yield thee, coward, And live to be the show and gaze o’th’time: I will have thee, as our rarer monsters are, Painted upon a pole, and underwrit, “Here may you see the tyrant.” Macbeth turns back round to face him -- and makes out the indistinct forms of six men on horseback watching the fig Malcolm, Rosse, Angus and THREE ENGLISH LORDS. At this sight, Macbeth locks eyes with Macduff. Refusing give in to this humiliation. To surrender everything he h fought for.
95) 17) dialog: Hail. King of Scotland. Angus takes up the call, turning to the Soldiers behind: