4) 7) text: From Fife, great king; Where the Norwegian banners flout the sky And fan our people cold. Assisted by that most disloyal traitor The thane of Cawdor, Malcolm steps aside to reveal: THE THANE OF CAWDOR. A traitor, cowed, guarded by two cle cut soldiers ROSSE and ANGUS. Duncan steps towards his captive. Cawdor lowers his eyes.
14) 0) text: Duncan, Malcolm and the rest of their royal retinue wait, fresh from their night’s sleep. Macbeth is marching his hungry, exhausted soldiers past t The difference between the two groups not lost on anyone present. Macbeth breaks from his men’s ranks and approaches the Ki with a cloth-wrapped parcel. His eyes track over Duncan’s weapons, noting their pristine splendour. Suddenly Malcolm steps forward, barely able contain his admiration of this hardy general: 17.
14) 1) dialog: Hail Macbeth. But Macbeth scarcely acknowledges him. Duncan smiles tigh registering Malcolm’s love of the war hero. The optics of moment are striking: the dirty, injured soldier and the w slept King in fresh clothes.
19) 1) text: Duncan and his entourage of Malcolm, Angus, Rosse, MENTEI and OTHERS stare around at the rustic hardship of Inverne Their horses fill the whole village square. Before them, LADY MACBETH and the rest of the villagers a BOWING, all in their finest adornments. Each of the women hair has been ceremonially plaited. Lady Macbeth rises and approaches the King. She removes t hood of her cloak, smiling gracefully:
22) 0) text: Later. The party is sliding into debauchery, the King’s soldiers smeared with fat from roasted meat, SINGING and YELLING. Children have fallen asleep under tables or in t parents’ arms. Through it all, Malcolm just stares at Macbeth. Entranced cannot take his eyes from him. Abruptly, however, Duncan notices this and hauls himself CALLING OUT loudly:
24) 0) text: Malcolm’s eyes rove by Duncan’s side in the feast. Search Macbeth’s chair is EMPTY. Lady Macbeth enters with more food. She lays it down in f of DUNCAN'S TWO GUARDS, filling their glasses with more w As they clumsily toast her, drunk, she glances across to Macbeth’s place -- and falters for a second, the absence awkward. Quickly she hurries away. Malcolm watches her. But Duncan fails to notice. 26.
35) 0) text: Through the cold night, Malcolm treads out of his dwellin towards Duncan’s tent. Unable to sleep, something troubli him in what he saw earlier. INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS Malcolm enters. He steps over the drugged Guards. Careful slowly, he opens the curtain to his father’s bedchamber. INT. INVERNESS/DUNCAN’S TENT - CONTINUOUS The light of a small fire illuminates the King’s tent. Bu when he enters, Malcolm’s face turns to a look of horror. Duncan's body, unrecognizable, torn with gashes, lies in own blood on the bed. 35. The sheet is wrapped tightly around its head, red blotche its eye sockets, its white hands cinched at its sides.
37) 0) text: Quickly, Malcolm mounts his mare, kicks it, and rides it of the corral. As he goes, his horse pulls the corral pos free -- and suddenly all the other horses BOLT OUT into t darkness. Lady Macbeth steps out of the chapel behind. She stares a him, panic in her eyes. When suddenly -- A BLOODIED HAND covers her mouth from behind. Macbeth, soaked and covered in blood. He is shaking uncontrollably and clutching the two stained daggers in h free hand. She pulls herself free:
79) 0) text: Two dozen tents occupy a large swathe of hillside by the Scottish-English border. The stone wall dividing the nati stretches as far as the eye can see, torches lighting its length. A huge ARMY OF SOLDIERS, healthy, well equipped and well trained, prepares beneath them. It is a modern force, wit vast supply of weapons and horses. Rosse, Angus and the other Scottish Lords pull up on hors their few belongings bound behind them. A young man walks over to greet them: MALCOLM. All the Soldiers stand for him as the riders dismount: a young general in the making. He embraces Rosse, then Angus, exc to see the familiar faces.
79) 2) dialog: Be’t their comfort, We are coming thither.
80) 0) text: In another part of the encampment a man is kneeling on th ground, praying. MACDUFF. 70. He sees Malcolm and Angus walking towards him. Rosse and other Thanes holding back. He stands as they arrive.
80) 4) dialog: Let not your ears despise my tongue forever, Which shall possess them with the heaviest sound That ever yet they heard.
80) 6) dialog: Your castle is surpris’d; your wife and babes, Savagely slaughter’d. To relate the manner Were, on the quarry of these Murder’d deer, To add the death of you. Macduff goes pale, disbelief tricking over his face.
80) 9) dialog: Wife, children, servants, all That could be found.
80) 12) dialog: I have said. Be comforted: Let’s make us med’cines of our great revenge, To cure this deadly grief --
80) 15) dialog: Dispute it like a man... Macduff looks up at him in outrage.
80) 17) dialog: Be this the whetstone of your sword, Let grief convert to anger. Blunt not the heart, enrage it. Gracious England hath Lent us ten thousand men. Our power is ready; Our lack is nothing but our leave. Macduff looks up to the Scottish mountains beyond the wal now utterly determined, as if he’s speaking to Macbeth himself.
95) 15) dialog: He’s worth more sorrow, And that I‘’1l spend for him.
97) 0) text: Malcolm sits alone in the grand hall. Duncan's iconic swo resting in his hands. The room prepared for his imminent coronation. He slowly unsheaths the sword from its scabbard. And his begins to tremble. 87. Whether from the weight of the ceremonial blade or the realisation of his new responsibility, we do not know. He stands and looks round at the empty THRONE. At his CRO resting on its seat. Then, he turns towards the vast doors of the chamber. Fro an impenetrable shaft of light is beaming down on him. He begins to walk towards it, sword in hand. As...