9) 0) text: Small fires burn, miniscule against the looming mountains Seyton, whose arm was severed during the battle, is being treated. Macbeth and Banquo are holding him down. He SCRE as the wound is cauterised with hot coals. 14. From across the cluttered campground, two cleanly dressed young men approach on horseback: ROSSE and ANGUS, from th King’s tent. They stand out, their armour showing no sign combat. They cannot hide their shock at the state of the soldiers. Banquo notices their arrival. Murmuring privately:
54) 1) text: Duncan’s former castle seems five times the size of the w of Inverness: its high thick walls span the width of the and lookouts rise from each of the four corners. One side is surrounded by the dense BIRNAM WOODS, on the other lies the North Sea. WIDE: Macbeth approaches on horseback along the beach, wi Lady Macbeth mounted regally by his side. His entire army arrayed behind them. And, behind the army, the villagers Inverness. Macbeth and Lady Macbeth share a private, inadvertent smi this is their new home. Macbeth dismounts and gives his r to a soldier -- Seyton, who lost an arm on the battlefiel Loyal. Macbeth offers his elbow to Lady Macbeth, bowing slightly he does so. She smiles happily and dismounts. 47. In the rank some way behind them, Banquo and Fleance watc the new King and Queen elect making their way towards the castle from their lone horse. Banquo takes in the rest of the army. As if struck for th first time by the implications of Macbeth’s advancement.
59) 0) text: The beach. Banquo and Fleance hurriedly prepare horses to ride away from the castle. Urgent. 51. Fleance looks back, and sees that he’s dropped some of th belongings in the sand behind them. He quickly rushes bac collect them up. Banquo hurries over to help him. As they’re gathering their final possessions, however, Ba looks up -- and notices Macbeth and a PAIR OF SOLDIERS ri towards them. One of the Soldiers is Seyton. They arrive just as Banquo is reattaching the last of the belongings to the horses. Macbeth dismounts. The air tens
60) 0) text: Trees loom in these dense woods. Seyton and the Soldier, MASKED, watch Banquo and Fleance from a distance. They gl at one another and ride on ahead to cut them off, their d mission underway.
61) 4) dialog: Let it come down. Seyton LOOSES AN ARROW at the boy, startling him from his paralysis. And, as his father’s body falls forward into t dirt, Fleance finally turns and sprints away.
63) 0) text: Seyton bursts into the clearing and stops to listen. 55. But it is EMPTY. Fleance and the Child Witch have disappeared. Seyton stares around. But there’s no sign of boy at all.
64) 7) dialog: (whispering) ‘Tis Banquo’s then.
64) 9) dialog: (whispering) My Lord, his throat is cut; That I did for him. A brief silence. Macbeth puts a hand on his shoulder. As though they are totally alone.
64) 11) dialog: (apprehensively) Most royal Sir... Fleance is scap’d. Macbeth stares at Seyton intently. He pulls him close by back of the neck, their foreheads touching. The room wait in suspension for their King to return to his chair.
75) 0) text: Macbeth paces, listening to the news since his departure. Lennox and Seyton are hovering nearby. Lady Macbeth stare her husband, fear edging into her look.
90) 4) dialog: All is confirm’d, my Lord, which was reported. Macbeth is expressionless. 79.
90) 6) dialog: ‘Tis not needed yet. Macbeth launches up to his feet in sudden fury: