3) 0) text: That same MIST floats across a plain embedded in the Scot mountains. Dark clouds are gathering in the sky above. Out of the mist walks Macbeth. He looks years older now, face roughly bearded. A leader, a powerful and ferocious warrior, his lean body cased in battered threadbare armou Behind him emerges his ROUGH ARMY. They are soldiers hardened against nature by years of fighting. Their WEAPONS hang heavily in their hands, thei scarce armour soaked in the showering rain. We recognise from the funeral, although time has clearly passed. First among their ranks is Banquo, Macbeth’s sturdy secon this war. His eyes, like the eyes of all of the men, are fixed on something straight ahead across the plain. Apprehensive. A group of about THIRTY REINFORCEMENTS. They are little m than boys, 14-16 years old. Virgins to war, they’re terri -- but also excited. Macbeth and Banquo look at each other with concern: these recruits are not what they were expecting. The difference between the men and the boys is startling.
3) 1) text: Macbeth’s army checks and re-checks their weapons, the ol men doing it for the young boys, like fathers taking thei sons through a rite of passage. They smear the boys’ face with black soil to match their own -- war-paint. Two BROTHERS from the virgin soldiers nervously laugh as daub each other’s faces. A MONK crosses himself, his face also painted for the fig A YOUNG BOY SOLDIER (15) swallows down panic desperately. More than the others he looks out of place in this battle unproven. His hands are shaking too hard to grip his own sword and he drops it again and again, hopeless, as thick tears stream down his face. Nearby, like his men, Macbeth is readying himself. Ritualistically his hands run over his weapons, preparing each for its quickest draw: A LONG-SWORD edged with dents; a BASELARD on his back; a KNIFE coarsened with use; TWO DAGGERS sheathed on either of his waist. His body a machine of war. He is wearing a tabard that marks him out as the leader o this force. Sewn into it is the Scottish symbol of the Rampant Lion and, smaller, the crest of his house, Glamis Tied onto the tabard are DOG TAGS from soldiers who have fallen in past battles. He looks down the line of his men, inspecting them. Their fear palpably assuages at his presence: they owe him thei lives. Loyal. Then, Macbeth notices the shaking Young Boy Soldier. He starts down the line towards him. Each Soldier bows their head as he passes out of respect. All the Soldiers and yo boys are wearing DOG TAGS marked with the same insignia. He comes to a halt in front of the Young Boy Soldier and takes him in. The boy stares up in awe, his tears stopped Calmly Macbeth rips a piece of fabric from his uniform an picks up the fallen sword. Carefully he binds it to the Y Boy Soldier’s hand, fast. Their eyes meet: it’s time. At this, a dim noise becomes noticeable on the edge of hearing. A RUMBLE. It is getting LOUDER. One of the Young Soldiers tries to control his breaths, e one catching in his throat. ANOTHER of his young comrades vomits in fear. ANOTHER chews his lip ferociously until it bleeds. The TWO BROTHERS stand wide-eyed with terror. They face e other, cajoling each other on. A BEARDED SOLDIER mutters a prayer over and over again, senseless now, stumbling over the words and re-starting. ANOTHER repeatedly squeezes the hilt of his crude sword. ANOTHER swings his weapon through the air, rehearsing the coming strokes. ANOTHER pounds his chest with his fist. ANOTHER checks over his armour obsessively, its inadequac horribly clear. The MONK breathes out evenly, a cross to his lips, his fa steadied by the effort of control. And, taking his place at their fore -- MACBETH cuts his own hand. He picks up some of the Scotti earth. Rubs it into the wound. He then looks to Banquo and smiles. Takes his friend’s he in his hands and kisses it hardily. Banquo nods to him. Ready. And, finally, Macbeth turns with the men to face:
4) 7) text: From Fife, great king; Where the Norwegian banners flout the sky And fan our people cold. Assisted by that most disloyal traitor The thane of Cawdor, Malcolm steps aside to reveal: THE THANE OF CAWDOR. A traitor, cowed, guarded by two cle cut soldiers ROSSE and ANGUS. Duncan steps towards his captive. Cawdor lowers his eyes.
5) 0) text: Twilight. Eerily quiet. The battlefield smoulders with th carcasses and waste of the conflict. 10. The Young Boy Soldier's body lies dead in the mud. His fa drained of colour, but his eyes staring up as though stil alive. Macbeth stands over him. Alone. A flicker of grief flits his battle-worn face. The boy an eerie echo of his own so Banquo and other Soldiers look on around him. Then...
6) 0) text: Macbeth and Banquo haul the Young Boy Soldier’s body onto pile of their fallen comrades. Collecting the roughly mar DOG TAGS and swords from the bodies of the dead. They tur collect up more corpses, readying their friends for buria A few other lone figures wander the landscape, also collecting possessions from the slain soldiers or tending wounds of those still alive. Exhausted, Macbeth and Banquo heave another body down and study the dead for a moment.
9) 0) text: Small fires burn, miniscule against the looming mountains Seyton, whose arm was severed during the battle, is being treated. Macbeth and Banquo are holding him down. He SCRE as the wound is cauterised with hot coals. 14. From across the cluttered campground, two cleanly dressed young men approach on horseback: ROSSE and ANGUS, from th King’s tent. They stand out, their armour showing no sign combat. They cannot hide their shock at the state of the soldiers. Banquo notices their arrival. Murmuring privately:
10) 0) text: The Soldiers sleep in dug-outs right beside the fresh gra - mounds marked by PILES OF STONES. In the dim light it’s hard to discern the living from the dead. Macbeth and Banquo huddle in the cold night air by a fire Talking quietly.
11) 0) text: Late. Everyone is asleep. But Macbeth cannot rest. He wal past the sleeping bodies of his men towards a large pit, which is filled with the bodies of his fallen soldiers. On top of them all is the Young Boy Soldier. His neck is open, his eyes sightless. Macbeth kneels down by the Boy’s side, fixed by the sight removes the Young Boy Soldier’s Dog Tags and attaches the his belt, where it joins the dog tags of the other fallen men. Then gently places rocks over the boy’s eyes. Just a did for his son.
12) 0) text: The sun cracks the horizon. Macbeth leads his exhausted m on foot through an endless, wind-swept pass in the mounta The horses are laden with equipment heavy equipment. One WHINNYING helplessly, stuck in the clay-like mud. Soldier try to tug it free with ropes. Macbeth turns to help.
14) 0) text: Duncan, Malcolm and the rest of their royal retinue wait, fresh from their night’s sleep. Macbeth is marching his hungry, exhausted soldiers past t The difference between the two groups not lost on anyone present. Macbeth breaks from his men’s ranks and approaches the Ki with a cloth-wrapped parcel. His eyes track over Duncan’s weapons, noting their pristine splendour. Suddenly Malcolm steps forward, barely able contain his admiration of this hardy general: 17.
17) 0) text: Macbeth leads his surviving soldiers through the fields, approaching Inverness at long last. The women tending the fields become alert when they see h none have yet received news of their husbands or sons. Th children SQUEAL with excitement and quickly chase after h back to the village.
18) 0) text: Macbeth and Banquo draw to a halt, their remaining army a laden horses behind them. As they dismount, Banquo’s youn son FLEANCE runs towards them. Banquo smiles. He reaches down and grabs Fleance up, clutching his son in an embrace. Nearby, Macbeth just takes his weapons from his horse. Al The Women of the village watch him in nervous anticipatio Macbeth opens the bag with his dead soldiers’ swords and tags. Then sees one WOMAN in particular and stops. She is angular, pockmarked, and extremely fearful. Macbeth searches in the bag until he finds the sword he’s looking for: it’s the Young Boy Soldier's sword, the fabr still wrapped round it. He slides off the fabric to keep for himself, then remove the sword and brings it to the woman. She closes her eyes sags forward in abject despair. 20. INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - CONTINUOUS Lady Macbeth waits in the middle of the meagre bedchamber watching the door. Sleepless with nerves. In her hands is ceremonial drinks set, prepared for her returning husband FOOTSTEPS sound from the walkway outside and she tenses. Then... The bedroom door pushes open. Macbeth, still in his armou Their eyes meet for a moment, neither sure how to close t ground between them. Months of absence to recover in a second. Macbeth turns away, starts to pull off his rough armour. Exhausted. Bruised. She tentatively steps closer to help
22) 0) text: Later. The party is sliding into debauchery, the King’s soldiers smeared with fat from roasted meat, SINGING and YELLING. Children have fallen asleep under tables or in t parents’ arms. Through it all, Malcolm just stares at Macbeth. Entranced cannot take his eyes from him. Abruptly, however, Duncan notices this and hauls himself CALLING OUT loudly:
29) 0) text: Lady Macbeth prays in the chapel. Alone, lit by candles. INT. INVERNESS/MACBETH’S DWELLING - NIGHT Macbeth, meanwhile, is hunched down over a fire, his hand moving soundlessly over his body as though checking his weapons in his unconscious battle ritual. He is wracked with indecision. Memories of war playing on mind like the dark shadows dancing on the walls. Memories his fallen friends. Of the Witches. He drops his hands to his knees, redundant for a second. instantly starts his ritual again -- but... It’s no use. He gives up. Makes to rub his face, exhauste when suddenly... He frowns, noticing something. His hand is TREMBLING. Unnerved by this trick of his body, Macbeth closes his ey trying to banish the tension. He breathes out, then weari opens his eyes and... Stops dead. The YOUNG BOY SOLDIER from the battlefield is standing in doorway of the dwelling before him, watching him calmly. is pale as the grave, his cut throat now scarred over, as though time has passed. But he seems corporeal. Real. And, in his hands, is a DAGGER. He is holding it out to Macbeth by the blade. Macbeth stares. Disbelief edging into his voice.
30) 0) text: Macbeth treads out of his dwelling onto the long walkway. The Young Boy Soldier is walking soundlessly ahead of him towards Duncan’s tent. Low fires light their way. The sound of the wind-chimes rises in intensity.
54) 1) text: Duncan’s former castle seems five times the size of the w of Inverness: its high thick walls span the width of the and lookouts rise from each of the four corners. One side is surrounded by the dense BIRNAM WOODS, on the other lies the North Sea. WIDE: Macbeth approaches on horseback along the beach, wi Lady Macbeth mounted regally by his side. His entire army arrayed behind them. And, behind the army, the villagers Inverness. Macbeth and Lady Macbeth share a private, inadvertent smi this is their new home. Macbeth dismounts and gives his r to a soldier -- Seyton, who lost an arm on the battlefiel Loyal. Macbeth offers his elbow to Lady Macbeth, bowing slightly he does so. She smiles happily and dismounts. 47. In the rank some way behind them, Banquo and Fleance watc the new King and Queen elect making their way towards the castle from their lone horse. Banquo takes in the rest of the army. As if struck for th first time by the implications of Macbeth’s advancement.
55) 0) text: Running through the large, cavernous halls of Dunsinane a the CHILDREN of Inverness. They laugh, hurtling into ever room, amazed at the opulence. Around them, the women and Soldiers of the village are setting up beds in the large chambers. As over it, we hea
56) 0) text: Macbeth and Lady Macbeth kneel at the head of a vast ston nave, now dressed in royal raiments. There’s an awkwardne to them in their formal clothes and heavy crowns, a stiff that was never there before. Before them, a huge CROWD CHANTS MACBETH’S NAME. All of t Nobles are collected in their finery. To one side, Macbet SOLDIERS stand to attention. Further back, the Villagers Inverness, their ranks swelled with those from Dunsinane 48. A BISHOP cups his hand over Lady Macbeth’s forehead. With other hand he pours HOLY WATER over her CROWN. He moves to Macbeth to repeat the gesture -- his fingerti touching Macbeth’s head, just as the Older Witch did on t battlefield. CLOSE ON: Macbeth’s face as the water seeps through the Bishop’s fingers, running down over his brow. He closes h eyes against it and...
59) 0) text: The beach. Banquo and Fleance hurriedly prepare horses to ride away from the castle. Urgent. 51. Fleance looks back, and sees that he’s dropped some of th belongings in the sand behind them. He quickly rushes bac collect them up. Banquo hurries over to help him. As they’re gathering their final possessions, however, Ba looks up -- and notices Macbeth and a PAIR OF SOLDIERS ri towards them. One of the Soldiers is Seyton. They arrive just as Banquo is reattaching the last of the belongings to the horses. Macbeth dismounts. The air tens
59) 18) dialog: We are resolv’d, my Lord.
60) 0) text: Trees loom in these dense woods. Seyton and the Soldier, MASKED, watch Banquo and Fleance from a distance. They gl at one another and ride on ahead to cut them off, their d mission underway.
64) 0) text: The chant ECHOES throughout this cavernous banquet hall. of the NOBLES are waiting before the banquet tables along with Macbeth’s own Soldiers, who seem out of the place in this rarefied ceremonial dinner. There’s an elegance and sophistication to the proceedings that is entirely foreign to those guests who have come fr Inverness. But Duncan’s former court, including Rosse, An Lennox and Menteith, are clearly used to it. Macbeth stands at the head table. Lady Macbeth by his sid Everyone waiting on his command. Macduff and Lady Macduff are both watching the royal coup closely.
69) 0) text: Daylight. Macbeth comes to the battlefield where he fough Macdonwald’s men. Again, ominously, a thick wall of MIST blocking the plain. It is freezing now, its ghostly swirl reaching out around his knees. Tufts of grass sprout from the frost-covered mounds that the mass graves of his soldiers. Intractably drawn, searching, he calls out to the mist:
70) 0) text: THEN: Macbeth wanders alone in the mist; as though in a dream. As though out of time itself. The Witches are gone Through the mist around him, a rank of his BLOODY SOLDIER appears. Processing across the field past him, their eyes cast down in defeat, marks from their last battle still fresh. An army lost to the ages. Macbeth peers around at them. They each seem to murmur snippets of speech.
70) 1) dialog: Beware Macduff.
70) 2) dialog: Beware the Thane of Fife. Dismiss me. Enough.
70) 4) dialog: Be bloody, bold, and resolute: laugh to scorn The power of man, for none of woman born Shall harm Macbeth. Macbeth reaches out to embrace the Young Boy Soldier, relieved. The Boy accepts his hold without emotion. Then breaks away and marches on. Macbeth’s mind whirring. 65.
72) 0) text: Daylight. The mist has cleared. Through it, vacant-eyed a somnambulant, Macbeth is wandering like a lost soldier, h body smeared with earth. His horse gently grazes nearby. Lennox rides up alone. He has clearly been looking for hi King. He quickly dismounts and hurries over as Macbeth squints into the early morning sun. He calls out:
79) 0) text: Two dozen tents occupy a large swathe of hillside by the Scottish-English border. The stone wall dividing the nati stretches as far as the eye can see, torches lighting its length. A huge ARMY OF SOLDIERS, healthy, well equipped and well trained, prepares beneath them. It is a modern force, wit vast supply of weapons and horses. Rosse, Angus and the other Scottish Lords pull up on hors their few belongings bound behind them. A young man walks over to greet them: MALCOLM. All the Soldiers stand for him as the riders dismount: a young general in the making. He embraces Rosse, then Angus, exc to see the familiar faces.
91) 0) text: FLAMES rage around us, as ghoulish silhouettes of ENGLISH SOLDIERS set torches to the trees of Birnam wood. The bla bathing the world in red, like a descent into hell. From out of their ranks we find a lone figure: MACDUFF, dressed as a Scottish warrior, war-paint streaking his fa
95) 0) text: Macbeth and his few remaining Soldiers appear from the ga of the castle into the red haze of the plain before it. Amongst them, we can pick out some of the Recruits that survived the battle with Macdonwald. They are petrified, their leader now seeming like a stranger to them. Macbeth briefly checks over his weaponry as he did in the opening: the sword, the daggers. The warrior again. He st to fill his hand with black Scottish soil, daubs it over face. He then sucks in a breath, savouring what’s to come. And starts to walk forward fearlessly at the front of this me rank, sword held aloft, right into the thick swirls of sm