8) 0) text: Smith swaggars around, ignoring his shipmates’ congratulations. He has a hardy confidence in himself tha inspires respect. His eyes area alive with a cunning intelligence. He wears a bright uniform and a steel chestplate embossed with a rampant dragon, daspite the he that has caused the others to strip down to their singlet There is something convincing about his bold, outiandish manner. He has a way of carrying it off. BEN, the ship’s cook, salutes his friend.
8) 1) dialog: Thay Jat you go! A terrible mistake thay made there. Come, sit like a gentleman, be idle. I thought surely thay would hang you.
8) 3) dialog: Why, for the ‘arm you done us all! I can only speak for myself, but before I met you, I knew nothing and now 1 am, if a man should speak truly, little better than one of the Wicked, lying about the whole day, dreaming of gilded palaces and the like, caring nething fer the world’s business. You could corrupt a saint, Capt Smith. Smith smiles. He likes his mates and the place he enjoys in their hearts.
8) 4) dialog: Land mo a pinch of tobacco, would you? No? Not a pinch? I have friends’ and I have acquaintances. I will piss in your bedding. (MORE)
8) 5) text: 15 16 BEN (cont’d) I will see dog’s meat mada of your flesh and dice of your bones. Work on that! (to the others) You sea, gentlemen, there is. na defense againat wit.
8) 7) dialog: Hold your tongue! As I am a gentleman born, I will gat drunk, grow valiant and beat you within an inch of your ife. Smith stands with a man named ACKLEY, gazing at the woods
14) 0) text: Ben shows Newport that the kegs of grain and hardtack the have brought from England are infested with worms.
14) 2) dialog: -- The damp’s not your problam. Some of the kegs was good, but they’re gone now. Somebody filched ‘am. I know what you're thinking, but it couldn’t have been the Naturals. They couldn’t get through the lock. Had to be one of our own. . .
22) 0) text: Smith rounds a bend in the trail and stops in his tracks, astonished. Before him rises Wercwocomoco, the seat of th Powhatan Empire. 39 40 The magical city stands on a bluff above the swirling mis of the Pamunkeay River, hundreds of tree-bark houses of every shape and description surrounded by a palisade of immense logs. Beyond the town lie well-cultivated fields of beans and corn, tobacco and squash. The inhabitants are a far cry from the savagas the Englis imagined they had found. Smith is delighted. INT. POWHATAN’S PAVILION Smith is led into a longhouse and made to sit down. The house is covered with rush mats laid over an arched framework of bent saplings. The sides are trellised with vines, like a pergola, and laid over with strips of bark that can be rolled up on nice days to let in the sun and the breeze. Now a host of warriors suddenly appears around him, danci and singing frenzied songs. They are incomparably more majestic than the Indians he saw at the landing. fach has a quiver of arrows and a club. Over their arms they wear fox and otter skins. Their heads and shoulders are painte red and smeared with bear oil to make them glisten. Now and then they stop and look at their bewildered prisoner though he were a monster. Chiefs and Great Ones from the far-flung corners of the Empire approach to inspect the prisoner, the first white man they have ever seen. Then, all at once, they fall silent.
26) 42) text: Smith is joking with Ben, Ackley and some of the other me when a fallow with a serious look interrupts him.
33) 0) text: The winter snow tumbles down, veiling the fort and the fields beyond, the woods and rocky shores in white, seemi nowhere to alight. It falls, too, on the Indian longhouse and the dark Chesapeake waves. It lies thickly drifted on the crooked crosses and headstones of the Jamestown graveyard, on the spears of tha little gate and the thorn that lie beneath it.
48) 0) text: The attack seems to have abated, though a few Pamunkey braves steal into the fortress through chinks in the wall and tunnels they have dug. They fight blindly with knives and tomahawks until they are contained and killed. Lookeuts search the horizon. Smith knocks them from their parch. “ SMITH What are you looking for? There’s no one coming to rescue you. Flecked with blood, he walks through the stockade, sneeri at his soldiers. BEN . You seem pretty ‘appy. 98 74.
48) 5) text: 39 75. A man with his fine sense of. honor cannot forgi i . give himself for acts that lesser men might consider trivial. Ben enters,
48) 6) dialog: You must be more diplomatic.
48) 8) dialog: They say you mock them. When our patrols returned unharmed, you expressed your regret. You call ‘em enemies of true nobility. SMITH . Yes. .
48) 9) dialog: Why do you want to lead them?
48) 11) dialog: You have no desire to?
48) 13) dialog: Take care they don’t plant a deep enough rage in you they make you one of their own. Smith walks outside. The Indians have broken off their attack.
54) 0) text: Smith is keelhauled -- dragged by a rope beneath the ship so that his back is raked along the jagged barnacles encrusted on the hull. He bobs to the surface, gasping fo breath.
75) 0) text: Gently, guiltily, Ben whispers to Pocahontas that Smith i dead. We do not see the moment when she understands what he is saying, only the aftermath, as she rubs dust on her face and body, then plunges fully clothed into the river, as though to calm her grief.
93) 22) text: SMITH (cont'd) . There is nowhere they are not. I had no idea my life would be spent in the company of thieves; of those, especially, who steal with a pen. I dreamed of something else: graat voyages of discovery, the land opening before me, new republics without a history, magic, new races, a new world to shame tha old. Tha Indies -- they were like a mirage for me. (intercut: his shadow moving over the ground, high walls, the St. Lawrence River winding into the west, etc.) I always thought they were around the next bend -- the next thing, then the next ~~ Newfoundland, St. Rupert’s Island. Every time I told myself, “Have faith. Wait. They are coming.” I covered the whole world. Hard as I searched, I never found what I was looking for. After a while I gave up - striving. Maybe I should have gone farther north. That’s where all the excitement is now. Perhaps there is no passage. Perhaps it was a dream. In some respects I’ve been a failure. And yet I saw -- with you I knew. You were my America, or there is none at all. He is conscious of looking as though he had fallen on har times. While her husband enjoys the fruits of her Virgini patrimony, he, for all his prodigies of exploration and adventuring, cannot lay claim to so much as a foot of lan in the New World. He is alone, bereft of hearth and home. It embarrasses him that she should find him at such a pas Her gaze reaches into him like a ray of sunlight into a forest. She alone knew the secret promise of his existence. And seeing her, he knows that promise is nearl gone; he is nothing more than what he now seems.