60) 1) text: as. 113 INT. REVEREND WHITAKER’S HOUSE - MONTAGE Pocahontas enters the Reverend Whitaker's clapboard house the single frame dwelling in the colony. Her guards take up their posts outside. Slats have been nailed across the windows. She looks distractedly at the English appurtenances -- th oil lamps, the white pine furniture and the porcelain figures on the mantel. MARY, Whitaker’s maid, a middle- aged woman from Devon, appears to greet the royal guest. Great. care has been taken to ensure that she will be comfortable,
60) 2) dialog: This will be your room, milady. Pocahontas acts as though she did not hear her.
60) 4) dialog: How unfortunate! Well, wa shall have to give you one. Perhaps...Lady -- you are of royal blood -- Rebecca! My mother’s name was Rebecca. Would that be suitable? Does she like it? You may leave us, Captain. Argall leaves, Beneath a single window there is a bed of rough planks covered with a pallet of straw. Pocahontas’ guards stroll back and forth outside. Mary can plainly se that she is utterly distraught and crazed with grief.
60) 5) dialog: This is the basin, for when you want to wash. The water is outside the window, in the rain barrel. She demonstrates the use of the wash basin.
60) 6) dialog: This is soap! She shows Pocahontas by pantomime how the soap is used. There is not a trace of pleading or complaint in her gues She appears determined to face each new hardship with courage. :
60) 7) dialog: I think you are most elegant, excusing the liberty. . 114 115
60) 9) dialog: Go ahead. Take.a few steps. Walk. That’s right. The shoes hurt your feet, don’t they? Pocahontas’ movements; naturally free, seem constrained i these new garments. They weigh on her like papal vestments. But she continues to accept Mary’s efforts to teach her English ways with a fierce stoicism., If this i to be the form of her damnation, sha will throw herself into it head first. She will relish her perdition.
61) 1) dialog: Mary shows Pocahontas how to use a door key. It seems to her that the Princess’ mind has been damaged.
61) 2) dialog: Not that way. Hold it like this. (abruptly) Will you see Captain Smith? Pocahontas does not reply. Pity for Smith’s approaching sufferings at her hands surges up inside her together wit a smaller measure of pity for herself. Outside they hear loud, boisterous noises. 117 118 119 ay.
62) 0) text: Mary rushes out to sea what is going on. Pocahontas lingers inside, her heart pounding with expectation. Cannons thump in the distance. English soldiers rush through the streets, celebrating wildly.
62) 1) dialog: What is it?
71) 0) text: Mary finds her friend, m 132 133 SB.
71) 1) dialog: He’s laft you, Princess. He tald you a pack of lias. Forget about him. Stunned, Pocahontas sits down on the boardwalk.
71) 3) dialog: You made a fool of a mistake about him, I tell ‘ee again and the harm you done yourself by dirtying your own hest, it serves you right, excusing the liberty.
71) 5) dialog: Don’t let it make you bitter. You’re a Princess. You grew up in a palace. You’re used to giving orders and having your own way. You must learn te live on a common level now.
76) 3) text: “In time her spirits improved. She came to believe there must be a reason for all that had come to pass. Things do not happen by accident. She would go wherever life should lead her. She would not languish in sorrow. The sun, the grass and the stars -- they all ware perfect and content. Why should she not be the same? Her transformation was remarkable, a great satisfaction to all who knew and cared about her.” Rolfe gives Pocahontas books from his library. She learns to read and to speak properly. Sha studies geography, history and literature. She flourishes under his tutelage Mary has joined the household as a serving maid.
80) 0) text: Pocahontas has just givan birth to a son. Rolfe is overjoyed. But when Mary holds the child out to his mother, Pocahontas hesitates to accept it, as though she doubted it wera her own. Then her natural feelings assume their reign, as she takes it warmly up into her arms.
81) 0) text: Pocahontas sits with Mary on the bank of the James. She leoks out across the fields she reamed as a girl, to the stiff ranks of poplar and virgin pine. Sha remembers the nights when the aurora borealis shimmered above them. The air rings with the cries of children.
81) 1) dialog: You seem happy.
85) 0) text: The hawsers are cast free as Pocahontas, Rolfe and their son Thomas board a ship bound for England. Mary has come along to help with the child. Newport, too, is a passenger. Wobblehead watches the ship move down the James River toward tha Atlantic breakers.
90) 0) text: To a fanfare of trumpets and timpani, Pocahontas steps do the main aisle of Whitehall Palace as she is presented to Their Majesties James and Anne, the KING and QUEEN of England. Her coal-dark eyes and noble bearing send tremor through the court. , Mary looks on from the gallery: at last her unfortunate mistress is receiving the respect she deserves. Opechancanough is on hand, too, in his Pamunkey war dress Pocahontas bows to the King. Rolfe listens as the Court Laureate reads a composition in her praise. Thomas listens, too.
93) 5) dialog: Captain Smith! Good as my word, Mafam. Most presuming, appearing in this manner, without forwarding a customary note of warning. You‘’d be within your rights, and certainly within the proprieties, to send him away without an explanation!
93) 7) dialog: (hoping she won’t) What shall I say?