21) 1) text: 38 22 The Indians closa in. His hopes of escapa gone, Smith put the blade of the halberd to his chest, as though he were Preparing to take his life. He'soon thinks batter of this course of action, howaver -- life is too sweet -- and offers his weapon to the leader of the Indian party with great flourish, as though he were surrendering a whole army. He doas not beg for mercy. He does not expect it. Two braves drag him out of the bog. OPECHANCANOUGH steps forward, a-chief seven feet tall, so stately in his manner that Smith at first takes him for a fool. He reaches out, touches Smith’s beard and explodes in laughter. Another Indian removes Smith’s shoulder bag, smells it, then throws it away in disgust. The English strike these people as incredibly dirty and foul~smelling. Suddenly, to Opechancanough’s great surprise, his prisone leaps to his feet, and taking a small box from his pocket presents it to the chief with a deep bow. Opechancanough is wary of the mechanism at first, but upon inspecting it more closely, he discovers inside an iron needle which points the same direction whichever way you turn the box. When he tries to touch the needle, his finger is stopped the glass, further cause for astonishment. The Indians ar unacquainted with this legacy of the Phoenicians. He turns the box upside down and looks at it from — ; underneath, taking care to praserve an air of dignity in the presence of his soldiers.
22) 37) dialog: They are building a fortress! Drive them off now, while they still are weak, or they will think we instead are weak and come in numbers. Parahunt urges his father to exercise restraint.
22) 39) dialog: For now, We cannot tell what will happen later.
22) 43) dialog: For what?
86) 0) text: Pocahontas is astonished to discover that Opechancanough a fellow passenger. The great chief is disguised as a common Indian.
86) 3) dialog: (cold, aloof) Opechancanough, who has won fifteen feathers in battle against tha enemies ef his people, greets the daughter of the Emperor and orders her to risa that he might see her face.
86) 5) dialog: Your father sent me. I am to place a notch in‘these sticks for each white pearson I come upon. He shows her a sheaf of sticks he carries with him.
86) 6) dialog: Yes -- and to see this “God” they speak. sO much about. With a skeptical air, he bows te her and walks off, thoug from the way in which he watches her hereafter, 160 161 162 116... we suspect that her father has sent him along in part to lock after her as well, Other Indians swim behind the boat, pulled along by a trailing rope. Even in the middle of the Atlantic they cannot resist the attraction of the cold, wild water.
87) 0) text: Half the city’s population seems to have turned out for Pocahontas’ arrival. She sees her uncle is taking note of all her silks and finery. Opechancanough himself is bare except for his deerskin apron and splashes of paint. She walks down the gangplank, searching the faces of her welcomers for someone who is not there. The crowds marvel at her beauty, blow kisses and throw flowers in her path. She is a dove of peace, the living proof that the heart’s great wilderness can be tamed, the infidel brought to Christ. She is the very flesh and promise of the American soil, an Earth Mother as surely a ancient Demeter.
88) 0) text: Hand in hand with her child, she walks like a somnambulis through the crowds of the curious. The clanging of the carts and coaches at first alarms har but soon is a sourc of great delight. She has never before seen horse or wheel. : She gazes in wonder at the riders. To her they seem a par of the horse itself, a single being with their mount. She sees a flag streaming in the breeze. She sees a great clock too, but seems to remember when Smith spoke’ to her such things in the woods, Her husband dees not guess her thoughts. Opechancanough shares her amazement. The crowds applaud her wherever she goes. 163 164 147. What fascinates her most is window glass. She presses her fingers against the leaded panes of a baker’s shop and smiles at the people inside. Life abounds with wonders. They pass a candlemaker’s stall,
90) 0) text: To a fanfare of trumpets and timpani, Pocahontas steps do the main aisle of Whitehall Palace as she is presented to Their Majesties James and Anne, the KING and QUEEN of England. Her coal-dark eyes and noble bearing send tremor through the court. , Mary looks on from the gallery: at last her unfortunate mistress is receiving the respect she deserves. Opechancanough is on hand, too, in his Pamunkey war dress Pocahontas bows to the King. Rolfe listens as the Court Laureate reads a composition in her praise. Thomas listens, too.