1) 1) text: Gayest of them all is POCAHONTAS, a girl of sixtean, whom wae first discover underwater, diving for mussels and i catching a sturgeon by the tail. She trims her hair wit “ pearls as shea sits by the shore. She gazas in a raptur ed the wind rushing through the trees. € - The Indians all defer to her. She is the favorite d: da . aughtar of POWHATAN, their Emperor, who sits along the shore is a mood of philosophical delight. She has a lova of life and a eantoDy mischievous way that makes har irresistible to em all.
9) 1) dialog: Pocahontas and her brother, PARAHUNT, steal through the trees to get a closer look at the visitors. Pocahontas wears a wreath on her head and a short buckski apron, Except for the long strands of pearls and shells that hang around her neck, she is bare above the waist. Below her knees and above her albows, her arms and legs a ornamented with tattoos, giving her a vaguely Polynesian appearance. She sees Smith and freezas in her tracks. Parahunt wants to go back, but impatient with her brother's timidity, sh ventures closer. Smith turns and sees her, all at once. Shae gazes at him though he were a visitor from the sky. With. his beard an his glinting armor, alone in the stillness of the forast, he seems so handsome, so unafraid -- a blue-eyed, fair- haired god. She turns a cartwheel. Then, with an odd laugh, she is gone.
12) 0) text: At dawn the next morning, the English strip off their doublets and set to work. The forest rings with the bite of their Kentish axes. Sweat glistens on their tattooed backs. After months at sea, the work is a joy. When the felling gang is done, the sawyers drag the logs off to hew them into timbers. Soon a small fort is under construction. Pocahontas watches from afar. From time to time she allow the cabin boys to approach her. They secon are teaching h English words. Foragers attempt to catch fish and wildfowl but without t help of the Indians have little success. Carpenters put together a shallop, a shallow-draught vessel for navigati the rivers, pitch the tents and stake out gardens. Yeomen sow oats and barley. Newport is a wise leader. He gives every man a job, thoug the gentlemen are exempt from physical labor. He goes around keeping up their spirits and, where necessary, lending a hand. But when he comes upon two of their company plucking a wild goose, he is inflamed to wrath. The men are hauled to the ground, and their hands are bou behind their backs. . NEWPORT oe Clever dogs! Staunch to the last! Never told us how they managed to look so fit. And why should they? No, fine fellows, fine fellows! {turning to his adjutants) Wait until the sun goes down to bury them.. I don’t, want the Savages to think our numbers are dwindling. 23 24 INDIANS’ POV Overcome by curiosity, the Indians have returned to the vicinity of the camp, From across the river, they witness the axecution of the poachers. It seems not to deter thei curiosity. A brave named TOMOCOMO talks with the sentries a distinctive man, dyed black frem haad to toe and covere with tattoos. :
13) 0) text: Smith sits with a sketch board, drawing the strange varieties of plants he has turned up. Tha fort is now hal finished. At one point, standing watch by the wall, he sees Pocahontas cavorting with the cabin boys -- walking her hands, challenging them to follow her example in the English phrases they have taught her. He notes how, finding herself alone, sha looks up into the clouds above Her lips move as though she were speaking with someone. She seems to feel his eyes on her, stops, turns and looks evenly at him. He waves to her. She waves back, as though urging him to come out and play. He smiles and shakes his head; he is on guard and must stay where he is. But the incident makes its impression. His nerves tingle with a strange delight. Will he go away into the blackness of death never having known the mystery of her free, fresh life? .
22) 19) text: fo 41 26. POWHATAN (cont'd) Manacle his feat. Giva him sea water to drink. Feed him withered roots and acorn husks, Smith snatches up his sword. His captors have left it lying caralessly nearby, as though they imagined it were decorative part of his costume. Pocahontas looks on, overcome with awe,
22) 21) dialog: Smith sees Pocahontas. He wonders why she is here. Her hair is woven with strands of moss, her mouth painted azu blue. She is the very image of earthly beauty. At a signal from the Chief Priest, the longhouse falls silent. Powhatan offers a prayer to his divinities, then throws his scepter in the dust at Smith’s feet. The audience gasps. Without a moment’s hesitation, his attendants bring in two large stones and set them down in front of the Emperor’s throne. A dozen braves grab Smith, drag him to the stones and lay his head acros&’.them. Smith sees the end has come. The braves raise their huge clubs over his head. The tips are studded with bear fangs and flints. 27. Suddenly, Pocahontas breaks out of the crowd by her father’s side, runs to Smith and puts her hand on his hea The audience is astonished. She winds her arms around Smith’s shoulders. She pressas har head close to his. Her hair streams across his face.
22) 24) dialog: What has he done to you? He’s gentle. He’s not afraid.
22) 26) dialog: I must be humble in my tastes, then.
22) 28) dialog: (whispering now) Let me have him.
22) 30) dialog: Because I ask it of you.
22) 32) dialog: If I have to. Ha might be a spirit.
22) 34) dialog: Teall ma -- have you ever seen his like? 28.
22) 36) dialog: Why do you speak this way, father? Does pity never mova you? Look at him. A good and noble man. Powhatan smiles. She is a stubborn, willful girl, but her defiance only endears her to him. She is his favorite child. Except for Smith, everyone in the longhouse knows it. Opechancanough, Powhatan’s militant brother, gestures fiercely that Smith should be killed.
22) 45) dialog: Smith comes upon Pocahontas in the moonlight. She shies away, and still it seems that she trusts him.
22) 49) dialog: Pick that up, please. the does) And if I dropped it again? 30.
22) 51) dialog: Yes! He is no longer the enlightened, creedless man. She is a being sacred and apart. She is so near that naw world whose existence he has only guessed at, that it seems brought near to him. Two young braves loll in a hammock smoking a pipe. They smile pleasantly at Smith and return to their tobacco visions. By nature they are a silent people. The scolding of a crow is loud above the normal sounds of the village. Powhatan sees Smith with his daughter. He does not scowl as an English father might. In fact, he feels a certain amusement -~ that she should let herself be amazed this way, as though by a strange bird. He is a man free of jealousy, a man of deep understanding. Yat while he does not take her infatuation seriously, he still must keep a close watch on Smith to maasure his utility to the Indian cause. Youngstars play basketball on a strange court surrounded posts with nun-like faces carved in them. Their elders hunt stag in the groves between their gardens, costumed i the skins of their prey so that they can approach them quite closely. They show Smith rabbit and fox tracks and speculate about what transpired at their intersections. They catch fish i traps made of bound sticks and broil them with their venison on hurdles over outdoor fires. In the center of the corn fields stand high towers, where watchmen stand guard against the crowd. Their cries and the noise of their rattles ring constantly through the ai Indian mothers take to the water with their children on their shoulders: The men keep their bows with them. When they are in the water, they tie their quivers to their ha so their hands will be free. They light great fires at night, to show their joy. 44 45 3t. Smith exchanges greetings with Parahunt and Wobblehead. Except for Opechancanough, the Indians receive him as a brother. Gradually ha comas to find his English dress constricting and, piace by pieces, he substitutes for it deerskin robe and headdress. Often they tease him, mocking his English manners, especially his swordsmanship in the woods the morning he was caught. They hold no grudge against him. They are naked, frolicsome, full of good humor, always inclined to laugh, which they do with irresistible grace. It is a pleasant sight to see them wading in the rivers i the cool of the avaning, free of care, living cheerfully and at their hearts’ ease. They do not seek more than the need. They share with their neighbors. They overflow with mercy and loving kindness. They have mo wants beyond what the day provides. Like tha lilies of the field, they neither toil nor spin, yet Solomon in all his glory was n arrayed as one of these. TIGHT ON SMITH - “OTHER SIDE” MUSIC . It strikes Smith that there is soma other way of existing in this world, outside the eternal circle of struggle and desire. Little by little he parts with the ideas that clothe the soul of the European, above all the idea that Man attains strength through force. He assumas, in some Measure, the dress and manners of the Indians as he discovers a self he never knew he had. His civilized brothers have lost something these Indians enjoy like the very air they breathe. Why should he aver wish to leave this Eden? But even as he entertains these thoughts, he half-knows h will not honor them -- that the passionate conviction of this autumn afternoon will one day seem a dream, a passin fancy. For the moment, however, he is a free man. He has opened his eyes. Hae can follow his vision or betray it.
23) 1) dialog: You coma from that way? Yes? What is that way?
23) 3) dialog: Months? What are they?
23) 6) dialog: De you know all the world? All the mountains and rivers and all the people in the world?
23) 8) dialog: (interrupting) I can swim.
23) 11) dialog: All around? (he nods) Water, no beyond? Only water?
23) 13) dialog: Can you keep a bird on your finger?
23) 15) dialog: Can you catch a fish with your hands? Smith shakes his head; no.
23) 18) dialog: My ancestors. Our fathers and mothers. All. Their bones are here. 34. She points to one of the skeletons.
23) 19) dialog: My mother. But not she. Only her body is turned to dust. (she toes the ground) But she is away -~ up there, where the stars are. We do not die, but go on, and on. No one is lost. I talk to her. Sometimes I say, “Why do you naver answer when I speak?” And when I think she is quiet, than she whispers so. Turn away. She imitates the voice of her mother’s spirit, a ghostly sound like the wind in the pines.
23) 20) dialog: She lives in the clouds.
23) 22) dialog: Didn’t you know? All those books you read, what good are they? Why do you read them? If they don’t teach you this, what do they teach you?
23) 24) dialog: What things? Do they say who made the clouds -~ or why? Why your nose is here, not there? Why you are you, and Iam I? She looks up at tha sky with an open mouth, in a sort of ecstasy, as though she were seeing it for the first time.
23) 26) dialog: Are the people in London as we are? Would they understand me?
23) 28) dialog: Time passes. Fall colors hava appeared in the trees. Pocahontas takes Smith to the river with her when she bathes. They swim together, naked. She gives him breakfast out of her own bowl and shows him her favorite trees in the woods, She sits enthroned and watches the sham wars of the brave as they hunt one another with headless arrows, practice feints and attacks. Passing her hands over a fire, she gathers its light into her heart. She tells Smith about the migrations of the birds, shows him where to find the turkeys’ nests and the blueberries, what bark to use for remedies. Wild creatures come fearlessly to her outstretched hand. She looks through a book of drawings of London that he brought along in the boat.
23) 30) dialog: Will I evar sea these, John? I have dreamed of them, the steeples and the. boats on the river. Will I die before I sea them? 48 36.
23) 32) dialog: Yes. She looks at herself in a mirror as she combs her hair. The comb is a device the Indians are unfamiliar with and quite fascinated by.
23) 34) dialog: If I can! . Nothing so lovely has aver been created. He loves her as he has never loved before, never could love any other being. His former ambitions seem as nothing now; paltry, commonplace, unworthy of him. He is a changed man, and this change is the proof that that old artificial life never was and could not be the real one, in harmony with his true nature.
23) 35) text: Pocahontas sits in the moonlight touching the palm of Smith’s hand, studying his fingers. Her eyes are fixed on him with a look ha finds strangely soft and flattering. She loves averything. She has a soul of innocent zest, She listens to his heart and laughs with delight. She looks at his compass, the magic little box, utterly awed, as though she believed you could make wishes on it.
23) 36) dialog: Am I dreaming? He sees that she is asking in earnest, but when he attemp to reply, she touches his lips with her finger and asks:
23) 37) dialog: Why do you not answer me -- speak to me --.speak to me, like this? He understands. He is learning to speak this new language of the eyes, as gradually the ideal becomes real to him. 37.
23) 38) dialog: Is he a god? What are these feelings that I have? He has come into my heart. His eyes are like a lake, and I am his. Smith gives her lessons in astronomy. He explains the motions of the sun, the earth and the moon. de plays the moon, running circles around Pocahontas, who plays the su while her maids, the stars, move along beside them in stately procession. She loves it when he cuts up for her friends. He watches them cavort through the trees above, like spirits of the forest.
23) 39) dialog: He has no evil in him, and is beautiful to look at. His words are gentle, and his desire is to be always with me. We shall go beyond where tha world ends. One afternoon, while alone, she finds him carrying logs.
23) 40) dialog: Rest a moment. My father is away this afternoon. Here, I will help you.
23) 42) dialog: It would dishonor me less than you. T[ would do it more easily. I want to. You do not.
23) 44) dialog: (embarrassed) How people are where you live, I do net know. (he smiles at her) Are you a prince?
23) 46) dialog: Do you love ma?
23) 48) dialog: Because I do not deserve you. Why should mean like to kiss?
23) 50) dialog: (after they kiss) Now I sea. I am afraid. I am your wife, if you will marry me. If not, then I am your servant -- whether you like it or not, (suddenly alarmed) I don’t know why I talk this way. Sometimes I seem younger than I am. Smith stumbles. She frowns.
23) 52) dialog: Where did you lose it? Smith looks at her and marvels.
23) 56) dialog: Shall it always be so?
24) 0) text: The afternoon is sweet and drowsy. Smith and Pocahontas lie in a peaceful spot along the river. They have managed to elude her retinue. POCAHONTAS . No one knows where we are. You can escape if you want to. They’d never catch you. Gof Smith shakes his head. He does not wish to. Boe 52
24) 2) dialog: I was testing youl Yielding to a swift impulse, Smith puts his arms around her, presses her to him and kisses her forehead. Then he is frightened -- when she goes so pale, closing her eyes, so that the long, dark lashes lie still on her cheeks; wh she sighs with answering love. He runs his hand over her young shoulders, wondering how much she knows. She unhitches her apron, She is without shame. Smith has never seen anything so beautiful. She sinks to her knees and draws him gently down beside her.
24) 4) dialog: Do you? {he nods) Then why are you afraid?
25) 0) text: Smith walks along with his arm over Pocahontas’ shoulder.
25) 1) dialog: I imagined you would never 1 I had no right to think so. many things I want to say. going to happen?
25) 5) dialog: Yes -- I do. Think of me alone, days and days, in the wood, waiting for you, all the time saying, “Come quickly, John. How long you are.” Oo John, how happy we shall bal!
25) 7) dialog: I will not be troubled. As little as the sky. I will watch for your signal. She walks quickly off.
25) 8) text: Smith picks up his armor and slings it over his shoulder. The braves who will conduct him to the fort tie a blindfo around his eyes. Pocahontas watches him go, confident things will work out for the best. Whan her father comes upon her, she gives him an uneven look.
27) 12) dialog: Sir? You asked me to.
27) 14) dialog: What shall I call you?
27) 18) dialog: What have you sean? Your eyes are like -- stones.
27) 20) dialog: Send them away.
27) 22) dialog: Look before you. We could live in the woods, I know a place. There is a waterfall there. A bed of moss. I’ve never shown it to anyone. I waited. (caressing his face) My brother will take care of us. He told ma that he would. Make a sign, John. Tell ma if I should keep on. {suddenly alarmed) I wish for you when you’re gone. I look for you. I wonder if the others can tell. 36. Smith reaches for her, but she skips back out of reach.
27) 23) dialog: It was never so before. Smith looks at her with love rising in his heart like the scent of a crushed herb. Her heart is a nest, untouched b grief.
27) 25) dialog: (in a whisper) Yes...No, it is not you. {after a moment) Is it you?
27) 27) dialog: I waited -- watched -- so many days --
27) 32) dialog: If I can be with you, that is all. He gazes at her. She is a lady, a flower, a jewal. The woods murmur about them. He looks out on a new creation; landscape as lovely as a lost Eden. O his America, his ne found land, how blessed he is in discovering her, and in full nakedness; unbound. The curtain is lifted, and he sees with the eyes of his soul. But even as he does, and: knows this is what he has always bean waiting for, strivi for, he fears that he might be overwhelmed -- that he mig not be equal to what he has known but disintegrate under its pressure. There is a temptation to rush back into the comforting darkness of his former life.
30) 0) text: Pocahontas movas through the nconday darkness of the wood They are vocal with the songs of birds and running water.
32) 0) text: The wind flows in melody through the sky~loving treas. . Pocahontas looks up.
32) 1) dialog: {to har mother) He makes my heart like water. He drinks from my heart like a deer from a stream.
33) 1) text: (te Smith, afraid) The oysters area gona from the shore, sir, and the birds that were in the trees. Drawing Smith’s jacket tight about her shoulders, Pocahontas watches the snow. Presently she looks up as a white owl flies overhead. ms 72 73 60.
33) 2) dialog: Where is he now? His head lies on my heart. Carry my love to him.
35) 0) text: The English line the walls of tha fort. Beyond it lies a sight to astonish them. Pocahontas is leading a. great procession of Indians toward the gates -~ braves with carcasses of dear and braces of turkey slung from poles over their shoulders, women with large reed baskets of cernbread and raccoon.
35) 1) text: Pocahontas and Smith find themselves alone for a moment a the English fete their red saviors, overwhelmed by this gratuitous act of generosity.
35) 2) dialog: They all bow to you. The President! My father will not let me bring you anything more. He says we hardly have enough for ourselves.
35) 4) dialog: I will do what I can. -’ SMITH Don’t put yourself in danger. You neadn’t do anything more ~- for us.
35) 5) dialog: If your people are hungry, they can find shellfish under the ice. Pocahontas looks puzzled. Smith casts about for the thing he wants to say. What doas he risk doing to her? Has he done it already? 63. -~ Somewhere in his heart he know i s he will batray her, and though he does not wish it, ha knows i i t certainty. r 8 it with an utter
35) 9) dialog: Of course I do. John. Why shouldn't I do anything I can for you? I love you. I like to show you that I do. Does it make you uncomfortable when they see you with me?
35) 11) dialog: : I would be near you. You know that e from the way I look at you, don’t you?
35) 13) dialog: Why have you not come to me?
35) 15) dialog: I know it is a terrible thing to say, but how can you stay with them, John? They’ re so fierca. They’re so dirty, too, No wonder they dia. (after a silence) What can.you have to do, lova? Living at the fort, Smith has come to see things with English eyes again. Her age and her openness, the very things that he treasures, embarrass him somewhat. He remembers that at certain times he adores her; at other times he can hardly recall who the person was that felt this way. He is aware of a new world, a reality whose existence he never had guessed or penetrated through to. The whole scheme of his former life has been called inte question and seams to him now like an illusion. But that does not make it any less problematic; rather far more so ps 78 64.
35) 17) dialog: Yes. She speaks in silence, like the stars. And if I do not answer, she says, “What could I say to you that I have not told you in my own language? Is it my fault that you have net understood ma? You think I wished to speak to your eyes and ears, and it was my heart that spoke to you. In truth, it was the heart.of all the earth that spoke to you through mine.” She is not here, but up there -- far!
35) 23) dialog: Pocahontas walks along with a frown. What is she to make of Smith’s words?
36) 3) dialog: Have you no kind word for me, father?
38) 0) text: Powhatan casts tobacco leaves on the streaming grey water of the Chickahominy, to satisfy himself that the omens ar good. The camps are a hive of silent activity as tha Indians prepare to make war. Braves plunge their spears into a log, working up their courage with whoops and crie They put on paint and smoke tobacco, say prayers and bid goodbye to their children. Allies gather from distant camps. Streams of warriors become whole rivers. Pocahontas looks on with alarm.
39) 0) text: As dusk settles, Pocahontas walks around Werowocomoco, shivering like a frightened deer. INT, POWHATAN’S TEMPLE ~ DUSK Powhatan has come to his principal temple to meditate before the sacred hearth. The dancing firelight gives him the appearance of a great conjurer.
40) 0) text: Pocahontas hears the drums. Suddenly, she makes a decision. 88 ao 90 67. With an air of nonchalance, she ambles through the main gate into tha tobacco fields beyond. onl YGols see hes cov ry miy the great wooden Looking back from the cool dark rows of tobacco, her kinsmen seem to her like people she knew in some time lon Past. With a sob rising to her throat, she turns off into the woods. and runs
41) 0) text: Pocahontas crashes through the mocnlit woods in a panic. The pinas sway back and forth like a wild sea. She stops for a moment ta listen to the drums, but they only harden her determination, and she starts running again.
42) 0) text: Pocahontas wakes up the English sentry at Jamestown.
42) 2) dialog: Please get him! Hurry!
42) 6) dialog: The corn. He sees you mean to stay. Do you? Do they? Smith does not.answer. She is terribly upset about what she is doing. ~
42) 7) dialog: Make peace with him before he comes. 68.
42) 9) dialog: You're going to fight a war with him? Send them away. So many will die!
42) 11) dialog: We can go away. Wa can go where nobody could find us.
42) 13) dialog: This isn’t you, John. Don’t you ramember? But when she looks at his face, she sees that ha remember nothing of those other times.
42) 18) dialog: Why do you give ma these?
42) 20) dialog: Let mea see your face. -
42) 22) dialog: (very proud) I have betrayed my father! Nothing can reward me for that. If...he saw me with these, he would take my life. Here. Take them back.
42) 24) dialog: They care nothing for you. I can stop my father. Tell them to leave.
42) 26) dialog: Never until this moment have you spoken falsely. Why have you said such things to me?
42) 28) dialog: I know that you would never deceive me. I ran here through the forest. Now I feal I’ve dona somathing very wrong. (horrified) Will you warn them? Suddenly he regrets his cruelty. He takes her by the hand
42) 30) dialog: Where?
43) 0) text: Smith follows her. She is like some little dog which has lost its master and dees not know whether to run on, to r back -- where to turn. He seems on the verge of coaxing her back when he sees a squad of Indian scouts advancing through the woods. He hides behind a tree. When he looks back, she is gone. He has no alternative now. He turns back. Meanwhile, Pocahontas abandons herself to her grief. 92 93 94 95 7h.
46) 0) text: As the sun rises through the cool blue canyons of the pines, Pocahontas wanders along in a daze. 96
47) 0) text: Pocahontas watches the Indian wounded being taken to the rear. They bear their sufferings in silence. 97 73. She wanders about in a turmoil of shame and bewilderment. She cannot go back to her father -- what should she do? How many yet will die on her account? Her cousins and brothers look questioningly at her, knowi she likes the English but hardly guessing the full extent of what they would consider her treachery. Suddenly she sees her brother Parahunt among the wounded. A piece of shrapnel has torn through his belly; he will n survive.
47) 2) dialog: Here, rest. Help him!
47) 4) dialog: Don’t say that. Wait. Help him! She runs off to lock for help, but she does not get far. Two Indians seize her on order from the Emperor. They ignore her protests -- that her brother is dying, that he father will punish them when he finds out how they have treated har.
50) 0) text: Pocahontas sits bafore Powhatan in the hazy darkness of t tent. The Emperor is thickly painted and oiled all over - his arms and shoulders red, his face blue, his body jet black. From his ears hang the dried claws of a kingfisher
50) 6) dialog: Forgive me, father!
51) 0) text: An English scout sees Pocahontas’ train moving through th woods. He recognizes her.
55) 0) text: Argall and a party of ten soldiers sail the shallop upriv to kidnap Pocahontas.
56) 5) dialog: Who sant the boat?
56) 7) dialog: You don’t saem like someone to trouble himself about diplomacy.
56) 9) dialog: I could not say. I am sure he does not tolerate insolence from his subordinates. Two Moons, a sympathetic Pastancy Indian, appears heside Pocahontas and bows to her. They are out of Argall’s hearing.
56) 11) dialog: What makes you say that? But there are tears in her eyes. She knows full well what is going on.
56) 13) dialog: Nonsense! Pocahontas looks at the shallop, its mast wobbling back a forth in the lazy current of tha Chesapeake, Could Smith really have sent it? Could this be a grand gesture from her lover? Tha music hints at such a-hope. Should she swallow her pride, betray her father yet again and give Smith another chance? She cares nothing for her dignity anymore. She is ruined. What is left to save -- except, if possible, a last glance at ona who once loved her? Patowomeck’s wife approaches. Her guile is heart- wrenchingly transparent, 109 110 83. PATOWOMECK’S WIFE Please come. I am afraid to go all by myself, My husband told me I could go only if you go with me,
56) 14) dialog: You think it will be safe? PATOWOMECK’S WIFE Of course. You live in our house. We take cara of you. Pocahontas smiles pleasantly.
57) 0) text: PATOWOMECK’S WIFE You go first. Pocahontas walks up the gangplank ahead of the wife.
57) 1) dialog: You see? All at once the English seize her, pull the gangplank aboard and shove off. A display of their muskets is enoug to discourage the Indians from retaliating, though a few throw rocks and spears. Pocahontas feels a rudeness in Argall’'s grasp that tells her she is not being brought t Jamestown as a guest of the President’s. Now she starts t struggle in earnest.
57) 3) dialog: You wouldn’t dare! On tha shore Patowomeck rushes about giving contradictory orders, never letting go of his kettle, bristling with indignation, yelling words of encouragement to Focahontas and knocking his wife about. The English soldiers laugh, no longer able to keep up their end of the charade. Pecahontas covers har face with her hands. She burns with shame.
58) 1) dialog: My father will not ransom me. Ha doas not feel toward me as he did before. I tell you this so you do not risk the lives of your man further than you already have.
58) 3) dialog: O Mother, has he sent this ship for me?
59) 0) text: Disembarking at the Jamestown docks, Pocahontas is dismay to find that Smith is not on hand.
59) 1) dialog: Where is the President? The English, knowing that their fate may depend upon her, treat her with great deference.
60) 0) text: Argall conducts Pocahontas through the streets. Wobbl ehe bows to her.
60) 1) text: as. 113 INT. REVEREND WHITAKER’S HOUSE - MONTAGE Pocahontas enters the Reverend Whitaker's clapboard house the single frame dwelling in the colony. Her guards take up their posts outside. Slats have been nailed across the windows. She looks distractedly at the English appurtenances -- th oil lamps, the white pine furniture and the porcelain figures on the mantel. MARY, Whitaker’s maid, a middle- aged woman from Devon, appears to greet the royal guest. Great. care has been taken to ensure that she will be comfortable,
61) 1) dialog: Mary shows Pocahontas how to use a door key. It seems to her that the Princess’ mind has been damaged.
62) 0) text: Mary rushes out to sea what is going on. Pocahontas lingers inside, her heart pounding with expectation. Cannons thump in the distance. English soldiers rush through the streets, celebrating wildly.
62) 3) text: Pocahontas chops her hair off with a broken conch shell.
64) 1) dialog: Did you know I was here?
64) 3) dialog: Oh. Her cheeks burn with shame and disappointment. But this, it seems, is what she wants -~ to feel humiliated to the point of drastic action. Smith starts to speak, but hesitates.
64) 4) dialog: What?
64) 7) dialog: Te must have bean a lie. Wait ~- let ma look at you, : (distraught) I should not have come to you. (her eyes plead with him) You hear them singing, dancing? Turn. Close your eyes. She draws a long kitchen knife out from under her shawl a brings it down with all her strength against Smith’s hear The steel corselet beneath his shirt causes it to ricoche away, and Pocahontas cuts her hand on the blade. She drop the knife and bursts into tears. Smith takes a moment to compose himself, then reachas out to touch her.
64) 8) dialog: No.
64) 10) dialog: I deceived my father, left my home -- where can I go now? Back to the people I betrayed? They hate me. As _ they should. I had no cause to harm them.
64) 12) dialog: it pains ma to hear you lia. :’ SMITH I didn’t want to harm you -- and now there's disaster all around us. Wa should have stopped before it was too late. How can I go off with you? Where? Where would you belong? Barefoot. Tattoos. Running through the treas, talking to the clouds... He decides to leave it there, then breaks his resolution.
64) 15) dialog: You will not have it. (after a pause) Let me stay with you. You will never be happy anyway. It can’t matter to you one way or the other. (seeing him hesitate) I will never question you in anything. I will be like a bird in your hand. {still he hesitates) When you first came to our camp, you made me feel -- that we had always been looking for each other. You taught me how to name the stars. You showed me where the north was. Then I loved you and showed you all the good things of the land. Do you remember? ‘The springs, the turkeys’ nests, the places where the fish hide...
64) 20) dialog: Iam sorry. I have no right to blame you. Don’t leave this way. I don't want to remember you this way -- thinking what to tell ma -~ how to say it. Show a doubt. Pretend if you have to. You have a good heart, Smith sees tha guilelessness of her clear eyes and feels his feet mashed in a web of lias. Hea seas the damage ha has done her, this child whose heart has never known true grief. A dam bursts inside him. Trembling with emotion, he rips open her blouse.
64) 22) dialog: I watched my brother die. I killed’ him, I Know that I am vile. I lied, I stole. You cannot endure me anymore. That night when I asked you to take me away -- you hated me then. I hate myself a thousand times more. I could rip my heart from my chest. What is it deing thera? SMITH . You hate me. I don’t blame you for it. He offers her the knife she stabbed him with. Pocahontas looks at him, stunned. When sha next speaks, she seems utterly changed.
64) 23) dialog: Oh, John, is this a dream? I naver knew that life could be this way. I did not know what you call misfortune. I thought all was the best that it could be -- that men loved the truth -- that people didn’t go away when they died, not forever -- that they were hera listening and kept the snakes away! I thought you could talk with a stone. I was a foolish girl. I thought we wanted the same thing -- that we might have a child, and -~ 120 121 91 While she has been talking Smith has quietly come up behi her. Now, suddenly, she tufns around and sees him. He takes her into his arms. "
64) 25) dialog: I forgive you, John.
67) 2) text: 123 93. NEWPORT (cont’d) Let us remember what this country wag when first wa set foot upon these shores. Let us think what it still might be. Let us prepare a land of justice and liberty, where a man might rise to his true stature: a land of unprecedented faith, tolerating all, founded on the soul and loving its laws: a land that shall be the scene of the next mighty act in the history. of man’s redemption, Over the course of the following weeks, Pocahontas and Smith manage to steal a few hours together. They skip stones and feed each other berries. She shows him a bird she has coaxed to land on her hand, He caresses her shoulders with a cattail and looks at her tattoos. Embarrassed, she covers them back up. She has grown more modest. She fears that she might seem like a barbarian to him, . Her wild, natural gaiaty is gone out of her. The somersaulting is but an imitation. She no longer is tha blithe, fantastic being he met in the forest, bright as a angel, innocent and affectionate as a child, What has he done? From a distance, Wilf regards him warily.
67) 4) dialog: Sad? No. I’ve never been sad. We have all we need. Even now. Why should I be sad?
68) 2) dialog: Quick! They may follow us!
68) 4) dialog: This way, come!
68) 8) dialog: What is that?
68) 11) dialog: (shaking her head) You’re all I’ve ever wanted! Just as you are.
68) 13) dialog: Why do you bite your lip? (he does not answer) Why do you look at me that way?
68) 17) dialog: O John, how happy we can be. We fit! Love will make us happy, in spite of the sadness we have known. Why mourn for what is lost? Why do we not: quickly forget it, till we are glad again? He looks at her with a sharp stab of longing. He loves he now, in leaving her, more than ever before.
69) 1) dialog: Nature breathes softly about Pocahontas as she lies benea a tree, a nymph lost in her green dreams; an Ariadne. Gradually, she comes to consciousness. Wobblehead is tickling her lip with a spear of grass. Startled, she ask him what is going on. In a mischievous way, he pantomimes that her friend Smith may. be giving her the slip.
70) 0) text: Pocahontas rushes along the dock, looking for Smith. The English regard her with pity and embarrassment. She refuses to believe what their looks plainly say. EXT. BRICKWORKS ‘ From the brickworks, Pocahontas sees the sails parting in the distance, and that greatest of agonies comes cver her the pain of having loved in vain.
71) 2) dialog: I gave him everything I had -- my first, best...I am too poor, barbarian. Is that the word? oO, I thought people loved each other always and forever! (avoiding the eyes of passersby) Look at them. They are talking about me. They are afraid of me. Oh yas! They look away when they see me now. They stare -- I don’t know which is worse. I want to die.
71) 4) dialog: What should I do? I’ve thought of a way to bring him back -- to astonish him -- or free ma forever of desire.
71) 11) dialog: I am going mad again -- hear voices -- You no longer speak with me or walk among the trees.
71) 12) dialog: At night, by a candle, she resumes their communion. A mot flits about the flame. The windows buzz in their fittings Her eyes dart right and left, waiting for Smith’s spirit make an appearance. Love and rage sweep over her in waves Why can she not live lika the simple moth?
71) 13) dialog: I want to de good, yet I do bad. You told me that if I loved truly, I would find true love in turn. I followed my heart; now I am lost. I thought there were no accidents, that every sorrow would turn to joy, and all at last to blessing. © Mother, why did you not tell me more?
71) 14) dialog: She listens to-the wind in the pines. Fear grows in her a the thought of her fate. The sight of the sky, which once delighted her, now makes har heartsick and ashamed. 137 138 139 100.
71) 15) dialog: People have been patient with me and kind beyond words. Help Mary if you can. Everything is gone from me ~- everything but the certainty of your goodness, The time has come to join you, and my fathers --
72) 0) text: Pocahontas makes her way across a wet meadow into the darkness of the forest. She picks a toadstool, a red amanita, and eats it, then lies down on a carpet of pine needles to await her death. Luckily, Wobblehead has been following her. He rushes out Picks her up in his arms, shakes her, then carries her of to the river, to drench her and to seek an antidote.
73) 3) dialog: (aloof) You just did. She makes no effort to drive him away, nor to carry the conversation further.
74) 0) text: Pocahontas and Rolfe ara on a path through the woods. The sight of her, so beautiful and so deeply wounded, stirs Rolfe to the quick.
74) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
74) 4) dialog: I don’t know why you call it that. If I like my cage, why need it trouble you? Two little girls rush up and beg her breathlessly not to leave, otherwise they will be sent back to England. Pocahontas promises them that with new friends like these she would not consider it. She and Rolfe continua on thei walk.
74) 5) dialog: You love people, and they don’t love you back. You tell them the truth, and they tell you lies. I don’t know why I am surprised. I couldn’t make him love ma. I couldn’t make him sorry when he wasn’t with ma. Don’t remind me that I aver spoke this way. I wouldn’t like to remember it.— But she finds it impossible to stem the flood that is rising in her. 1408 140¢ 102.
74) 6) dialog: I can’t abide myself, I lived for him. All day long I waited for him like a dog. I obeyed him, smiled at him, put on things to please him, then took them off if I thought they wouldn’t. ~ (Rolfe seems to wince) And all the time he didn’t want me. I can’t bear it! And I deserve it all! I thought only of myself -- while my family suffered, while my brother died! Rolfe looks around, wondering if they can be overheard.
74) 7) dialog: I will tear him from me, tear my chest down to the bone, until the shame is gone. Until I tear it cut! She has been fealing strong. Now, suddenly, she feels var weak.
74) 8) dialog: Oh, Mr. Rolfe, if I cry, you’ll put your hand over my mouth, won’t you -- and hold me tight? Hold me, Mr. Rolfe. Hold me with all your strength. Rolfe rocks her gently in his arms.
75) 0) text: Gently, guiltily, Ben whispers to Pocahontas that Smith i dead. We do not see the moment when she understands what he is saying, only the aftermath, as she rubs dust on her face and body, then plunges fully clothed into the river, as though to calm her grief.
76) 3) text: “In time her spirits improved. She came to believe there must be a reason for all that had come to pass. Things do not happen by accident. She would go wherever life should lead her. She would not languish in sorrow. The sun, the grass and the stars -- they all ware perfect and content. Why should she not be the same? Her transformation was remarkable, a great satisfaction to all who knew and cared about her.” Rolfe gives Pocahontas books from his library. She learns to read and to speak properly. Sha studies geography, history and literature. She flourishes under his tutelage Mary has joined the household as a serving maid.
76) 7) text: Wobblehead amuses Pocahontas with his antics as she wande along the country lanes. She is a legend to the English, who bring her gifts and leave them at her doorstep. She opens the gifts ~- strang hats, religious paraphernalia, dolls, balloons, pins. She tries on a hat. The taint and burden of her madness falls away. Gradually she grows more English in her ways, thoug at dawn she swims in the river still, and still the elder spy on her as she does.
77) 0) text: Rolfe has brought Pocahontas out boating on the James. He unhappiness is no longer so acute, and his kindness has grown upon her. Has she begun to sea in hima reincarnation of her lost lover? Though not as handsome o dashing as Smith, Rolfe is an immensely attractive man. Still, you can tell from her distracted manner that she does not regard him with anything like the feeling. she o had for Smith.
77) 2) dialog: Are you asking me? (he nods) Where would we live?
77) 5) dialog: I couldn’t live in England, Mr. Rolfe.
77) 7) dialog: Listen to you. Always giving orders! Something has changed in her. Sha has nowhere to turn, an she desperately wants to make her peace with the world, t live with a semblance of decency again, free of scandal, uncertainty and insolent looks.
77) 8) dialog: (stalling) You don’t know how it is.
77) 13) dialog: I wish I'd met you first. But all the wishing in the world won’t make it different. (deflecting him) “Have you thought about the looks you would receive? They talk about us enough already, even now. You would feel as though your every thought was Known to them. You’re so proud, Mr. Rolfe. You couldn’t bear it.
77) 15) dialog: There are things you don’t know and could not guess. I would be obliged to tell you all.
77) 17) dialog: (with difficulty) You see, I despise him, but I don’t know what I would do if he were to coma up from the dead. It is batter to face the truth than to hurt you as well. You see, I am weak -- too weak to rely on. You should have the sense to know it, as much as I would like you to forget it.
77) 20) dialog: I wasn’t thinking.
77) 22) dialog: You know I do not iike to talk about myself. I’m not going to leat you make me.
77) 24) dialog: All right. If you like.
77) 26) dialog: There’s nobody else I would marry... She bursts into tears.
77) 29) dialog: I’m sorry.
77) 31) dialog: I guess because...I must ba happy. I never like to cry. It gives me a headache. But...I said I will marry you. JI will not love you, but I will marry you. Rolfe considers this remark for a moment.
80) 0) text: Pocahontas has just givan birth to a son. Rolfe is overjoyed. But when Mary holds the child out to his mother, Pocahontas hesitates to accept it, as though she doubted it wera her own. Then her natural feelings assume their reign, as she takes it warmly up into her arms.
81) 0) text: Pocahontas sits with Mary on the bank of the James. She leoks out across the fields she reamed as a girl, to the stiff ranks of poplar and virgin pine. Sha remembers the nights when the aurora borealis shimmered above them. The air rings with the cries of children.
81) 2) dialog: I might be. I am about to be. Do you ever know? I speak with my mother again. I speak with the clouds. I thought it would never ba. I have a family now. Pocahontas jumps and skips as she plays with her lovely child, who now is two years old. Then suddenly she stops, as though she had noticad how happy she was feeling and felt guilty about it. But it is se wonderful to feel a part of life again, to feel it flowing in her veins. Yes! She turns to Rolfe and smiles.
82) 2) dialog: Captain Smith is still alive? {the man nods) You saw him?
83) 0) text: Rolfe leans down to kiss Pocahontas, but she eludes him.
83) 1) dialog: I cannot do that.
83) 3) dialog: It would mean something I do not feal.
83) 5) dialog: I am married to -- him.
83) 7) dialog: But I am. wh Lin.
83) 9) dialog: Did I say I had been? My heart is lika a stona. Rolfe suffers this remark dumbly. He reaches out to take her hand.
83) 10) dialog: I mustn’t do this, John Rolfe. I cannot kiss you as before. Why do you tempt me? She walks into the kitchen, closing the door behind her.
83) 12) dialog: You ought not to have dene that. It is not becoming of you. Please go away. Will you?
83) 16) dialog: Mr, Rolfe, would you mind my living away from you?
83) 18) dialog: I thought I could do nothing alse. I gave you my promise. Then, as time went on, I regretted I had and wished I could find a way to break it off. TI thought of the scandal it would cause -- this frightened me. (MORE)
83) 20) text: POCAHONTAS (cont/d) I, of all people, ought not te have cared what people said, But I was a coward -- and I didn’t want to hurt you, Now I see it would have been better to have injured your feelings then, than to marry you and injure them all my life after. Will you let me go away? (pause) Mr. Rolfe, why should we let the world choose our plan of life for us? What is the use of thinking of laws, any laws, if they make you miserable when you know you are committing no wrong?
83) 22) dialog: I do like you! But I didn’t see it would be ~- so much more than that. For a man and a woman to live together, whan one feels ag I do, is not right. There. I have said it! She winces inwardly to sea the pain that she is causing him. But he is patient and kind. He overlooks insult and injury. He doas not stand on his rights, nor keep a recor of wrongs. His is a love that never gives up. POCAHONTAS. There’s a house in the heart. A little house. I can’t help it that he came to mine.
83) 24) dialog: How? See my hand? It flutters like a leaf. She is Faithful to her grief. To think -- she had almost abandoned it!
83) 25) dialog: Ifm that way all through. Don’t leave me. See me through this. I don’t say it’s right. Why can’t we agrea to free each cther? We made the pact. At night, when we could not see. Surely we can cancel it. Then we might be friends and meet without pain to either one of us. ‘Be my friend, Mr. Rolfe. (MORE)
83) 26) text: 157 113. POCAHONTAS (cont! d) (pause) . Oh, don’t you sea? We shall both be dead in a few years. Then what will it matter to anybody that you set ma free for a littla while? Why can’t we seem fools to the world? I know I am wrong. I always am. I guass you just can’t say that you will love someone forever,
83) 28) dialog: If you insist. I know you maan my good. I will go away and never trouble you again. But...if you will not let me go my way, will you let me live here separately? I would not ask if I were not forced to. Ba kind, though I have not heen kind to you! Again, he reaches out to take her hand.
83) 29) dialog: You mustn’t, Mr. Rolfe.
83) 31) dialog: Love ma. You ara to like ma. That is all. If you want to leave me altogether, I understand. Or say one thing and do another. I understand. (pointing to the window) Go, look at the sun. See what it says. Rolfe looks out the windew in silence. The sparrows fuss under the eave. INT. THOMAS’ BEDROOM - LATER Pocahontas looks down at her child, asleep in his bed. Poor, helpless thing -- why should he suffer? A tide of love surges up in her chest, her throat.
84) 0) text: Rolfe answers a knock at his bedroom door. Pocahontas stands before him in her nightgown. 1L1é
84) 1) dialog: I have changed my mind. If you want to love ma, you are frea to. I will never tell you again that you mustn’t. Will you forgive me for my cruelty?
84) 3) dialog: I can’t endure your saying that. I am here, am I not? Don’t turn ma away. He reaches out to her, but she shrinks away; she cannot help it.
84) 5) dialog: I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry. The ticking of a clock is loud in the enclosure of the little room.
84) 7) dialog: By whom?
85) 0) text: The hawsers are cast free as Pocahontas, Rolfe and their son Thomas board a ship bound for England. Mary has come along to help with the child. Newport, too, is a passenger. Wobblehead watches the ship move down the James River toward tha Atlantic breakers.
86) 0) text: Pocahontas is astonished to discover that Opechancanough a fellow passenger. The great chief is disguised as a common Indian.
86) 1) dialog: Uncle! Opechancanough indicates to her that she must keep his identity a secret. Nonetheless, she greets him with the proper formalities. -
86) 2) dialog: The daughter of Powhatan greats har mighty uncle. She begs him speak to her, so that she may remember the honor all of her days.
86) 4) dialog: Why have you coma?
87) 0) text: Half the city’s population seems to have turned out for Pocahontas’ arrival. She sees her uncle is taking note of all her silks and finery. Opechancanough himself is bare except for his deerskin apron and splashes of paint. She walks down the gangplank, searching the faces of her welcomers for someone who is not there. The crowds marvel at her beauty, blow kisses and throw flowers in her path. She is a dove of peace, the living proof that the heart’s great wilderness can be tamed, the infidel brought to Christ. She is the very flesh and promise of the American soil, an Earth Mother as surely a ancient Demeter.
88) 1) dialog: Do you eat these?
89) 0) text: A coach passes through the gates of Heacham Hall, the country estate where they have taken up residence. Pocahontas alights, bows gracefully to a footman and look about her in amazement and delight. A fountain stands before the entrance. The noise of water rushing through i dissolves into the sound of applause.
90) 0) text: To a fanfare of trumpets and timpani, Pocahontas steps do the main aisle of Whitehall Palace as she is presented to Their Majesties James and Anne, the KING and QUEEN of England. Her coal-dark eyes and noble bearing send tremor through the court. , Mary looks on from the gallery: at last her unfortunate mistress is receiving the respect she deserves. Opechancanough is on hand, too, in his Pamunkey war dress Pocahontas bows to the King. Rolfe listens as the Court Laureate reads a composition in her praise. Thomas listens, too.
90) 4) dialog: No, King. I adore flattery -~- however dishonest.
90) 6) dialog: Bigger than England, Spain and France put together. KING JAMES . Ah, but how strong would you say it is?
90) 7) dialog: Strong enough that they would fight the English army without the slightest fear. Though it would never occur to them to cross the seas and attack people who to them had done no harm.
90) 9) dialog: Even the poorest of the people is ‘ never in want. They have no beggars. None who is abandoned or cast out. All are brothers, sisters. She speaks without: reserve. Even Opechancanough takes note,
90) 10) dialog: They know what true nobility is.
90) 12) dialog: It has contempt for safety and ease. It perceives that virtue is enough. (MORE)
90) 16) dialog: You're still here! JI hope you will not be discouraged, uncle. Like you, I cannot forgive them, but I must live among them. My life is here. (pause) I hesitate to ask you this, but I wish that you would carry a message to my father. Tell him that he should forgive himself for treating me with indulgence -- we all are weak from time to time -- and that I love him very much. (after a pause) Love can make us weak as well as strong. Opechancanough nods. He seems to want ta say something more. She waits a mement, then bows gracefully to him and starts off. When she has gone some distance, Opechancanough hails her.
92) 1) dialog: But I am prepared to stay.
92) 5) dialog: What of our child?
92) 7) dialog: Don’t you worry what people will say?
92) 9) dialog: I shall write you.
92) 11) dialog: You don’t seem very sorry at the idea of my going.
92) 13) dialog: This is hard, John -- for me to say -- but I know it is the best course. I know for certain that you will be better off without me. I should add that I like you very much for how you have behaved. It is a strange thing that, as soon as I begin to regard you not as my husband but as a friend, I like you very much. (MORE)
92) 14) text: 169 170 122. POCAHONTAS (cont‘d) I won't be so careless as to say I love you, but I will always remember you -- {choking up) -- as a very good friend.
93) 4) dialog: Who?
93) 6) dialog: Indeed! Perhaps I should.
93) 8) dialog: That you told me. That I thanked you for telling me. Mary leaves, giddy with excitement; once again she may resume her role in the drama. Pocahontas is pale with emotion. She gives him a mysterious pat on the cheak, as though s wished to get his hopes up -- to seduce him a little, so that she might turn cold and aloof again, and punish him for his presumption.
93) 9) dialog: I had forgotten how forward you are. She strides haughtily across the lawn, condescending and cold. She has made herself what he wanted. A grand lady} Now let. him watch her.
93) 11) dialog: He owns the largest plantation in Virginia. If you must know.
93) 13) dialog: Yes!
93) 15) dialog: I cannot do this. But when he kisses her cheeks and her lips, her will melt away. Tongues of fire shoot through her veins, and for a moment she returns the kiss. But with the parting of her lips she lets him go. The spell is broken; her love has died, passed off like a dream. He gazes ardently at her.
93) 20) dialog: Ch yes! Did you find your Indies, John? He looks off at the horizon. Where did he wander from the path?
93) 24) dialog: of course.
93) 26) dialog: Your worldly failure, if you insist upon considering it that, is to your credit rather than your blame. You should remember that the best people are those who do themselves no worldly good. Every successful man is more or less a selfish one. He looks around. The lawn and woods buzz with spring’s ventriloquisms, The bees are drowsy with nectar.
93) 27) dialog: John?
93) 29) dialog: It must have been a lie! They smile. There is a peace between them. She has let ~- him go.
93) 31) dialog: No. You know that we were very happy ence. Because that is the only thing I could not bear --’if you had forgotten. He sees what a noble being hea allowed to escape him. Before he can return to his senses they have said goodbye SMITH’S POVS - MUSIC Smith watches her go off. The Indies music comes softly in, and now it occurs to him that if he has not found his dream, perhaps he was looking for it in the wrong place - in the outer kingdom of riches and glory, when all the while it lay within, in the love and the pain he shared with this woman. Was she the wondrous destiny that lay in store for him? Was she his Indies? Did he sail past them, mistaking wher they lay or never believing they could be found, or worse yet -- a lover of thresholds -- afraid to set foot there? 173 128. And even as this thought comes over him, with extraordina force, he knows that it will pass, that he will again tak up the illusions of his daily life. The blinding insight will seem a creature of this present hour; a passing fanc
94) 0) text: Rolfe arrives home. Pocahontas comas out to greet him. She carries on almost as though nothing had ever coma between them.
94) 1) dialog: John, I have a desire to see Virginia again. I don’t know how long it’s bean since I saw a blue sky or swam in the river ~- and the people ara so very nice, but my jaws ache from smiling, and -- couldn’t we go homa?
94) 3) dialog: Before you say that, I should tell you that Captain Smith paid me a visit. I received him, and I let him hold my hand -- a long while. I don’t know whether you think it wrong.
94) 5) dialog: I am not sure. He wanted to, and I let him. She is surprised that he does not scold her. POCAHONTAS . Furthermore, I kissed him and let him kiss mal.
94) 8) dialog: Thomas! Come closer. I was in the house, and the movers took a big trunk away, and I found this in a chink of the wall. A map! His eyes light up as she unravels the old scroll. The blood of two races flows in the boy.
94) 10) dialog: Give me time! Can we talk here? Wo -- the maids are so nosey! Close the door. We mustn’t tell anybody else! You won't, will you? I won't aither. It’s signed by a Spanish lord. Stamped with his seal! He says that if we follow it precisely, we will come to a stone man holding a great : fish, with a waterfall coming from its . mouth.
95) 1) dialog: Wait, wait! Now it says that we should bow three times to each other. They bow to each other, as specified, and hurry off to th next clue, until at length they coma to a huge mossy stat of a cherub holding a fish. A fountain bubbles from the fish’s mouth.
95) 3) dialog: Reach in there! Thomas walks carefully to flower pot at a corner of the field, puts his hand inside and draws out a glass frog.
95) 4) dialog: (whispering) What is it? 1738 174
95) 5) dialog: A good many. I don’t remember. And I Called him my dear friend. He spoke of some things of the past, and it overcame me. (pauge) You don’t seem very upset.
95) 7) dialog: (puzzled) You didn’t know that he was coming, did you?
95) 9) dialog: I loved a dream. Will you have me back? Will you forgive me for neglecting you? Can you forget? (he nods) Now I know what true love is! Now I am home. Eyes bent in repentance, she takes his hand and presses i against her cheek. It is the first time we have seen them touch each other. Their child, watching from afar, senses his parents’ joy. It seems to him they are united at last THOMAS’ POVS ON POCAHONTAS AND ROLFE Thomas watches, undetected, as his mother and father go hand in hand about the grounds, happily observing those commonplace scenes of life that perhaps meant little enou to “them before but which now suddenly have a power to convey all the meaning and glory of love’s new world: a d chasing doves, a trea bowing its head, the wind on a pond At last, to his astonished joy, they kiss. With a fine sense of discretion, the child hurries away. His heart beats in his throat.
97) 2) dialog: That is for you to decide. But I don’t sea how you could think it so soon.
97) 4) dialog: Don’t trouble yourself on that account.
97) 6) dialog: Is that so? She will not give him anything. He will have to beg her.
97) 8) dialog: I never told you that I did. 123. ee 178 179 180 181 132.
97) 9) dialog: Be strong, my husband. This must happen to us all. What does it matter if I come a little before or after? I‘m going to sea my father and my mother, and as she whispered to me, so shall I to you. See if you can hear me. I will use the wind for a tongue. EXT. GRAVESEND DOCK, COTTAGE WINDOW, BACKYARD, ETC. The curtains whisper over the sash as Pocahontas’ spirit makes its departure. Her effects are put away. The fisherman’s daughter shakes out the pillows that she slep on.
98) 2) dialog: Oh, Thomas! You said you wouldn't tell anybody. It will be our secret. She looks at him and remembers when she, too, shone in th way and all the world about her. she misses her daily salute to the rising sun, the times when she found a bird nest or vaulted up a tree, the shock of the cold water as she plunged into the river -- all those little moments of her life that no one else can remember or will ever know about. The wind comes up through the trees. Suddenly, to her son’s delight, she performs a cartwheel in her English dress. Rolfa looks on from afar, well pleased. The story could end here, with a lagend describing what happened to the characters, or else it might continue wit these next, concluding scenes: . -