1) 1) text: Gayest of them all is POCAHONTAS, a girl of sixtean, whom wae first discover underwater, diving for mussels and i catching a sturgeon by the tail. She trims her hair wit “ pearls as shea sits by the shore. She gazas in a raptur ed the wind rushing through the trees. € - The Indians all defer to her. She is the favorite d: da . aughtar of POWHATAN, their Emperor, who sits along the shore is a mood of philosophical delight. She has a lova of life and a eantoDy mischievous way that makes har irresistible to em all.
22) 0) text: Smith rounds a bend in the trail and stops in his tracks, astonished. Before him rises Wercwocomoco, the seat of th Powhatan Empire. 39 40 The magical city stands on a bluff above the swirling mis of the Pamunkeay River, hundreds of tree-bark houses of every shape and description surrounded by a palisade of immense logs. Beyond the town lie well-cultivated fields of beans and corn, tobacco and squash. The inhabitants are a far cry from the savagas the Englis imagined they had found. Smith is delighted. INT. POWHATAN’S PAVILION Smith is led into a longhouse and made to sit down. The house is covered with rush mats laid over an arched framework of bent saplings. The sides are trellised with vines, like a pergola, and laid over with strips of bark that can be rolled up on nice days to let in the sun and the breeze. Now a host of warriors suddenly appears around him, danci and singing frenzied songs. They are incomparably more majestic than the Indians he saw at the landing. fach has a quiver of arrows and a club. Over their arms they wear fox and otter skins. Their heads and shoulders are painte red and smeared with bear oil to make them glisten. Now and then they stop and look at their bewildered prisoner though he were a monster. Chiefs and Great Ones from the far-flung corners of the Empire approach to inspect the prisoner, the first white man they have ever seen. Then, all at once, they fall silent.
22) 1) dialog: In the roaring torchlight at the far end of the pavilion appears a dignified man of sixty, the GREAT POWHATAN, rul of Virginia. His robe is made of raccoon skins and painte in incomparable colors. Chains of pearl hang about his neck. His head is crowned with brilliant feathers and tresses of moss. To his left and right sit the ranks of his councillors, h wives and court officials, their heads and shoulders painted red and pounced with polka.dots of gold-flecked sand. At his sida two young hermaphrodites wave fans to make a breeze. Yet the ruler’s majesty lies less in his attire than in the gravity and omniscience of his manner. It seems to Smith that he has stepped out of his everyday world and fallen in with a race of fawns, satyrs --~ mythical people.
22) 16) dialog: Some. Others -~ how can you love them? They steal from you before your very eyes. They have no shame. They would gladly burn this slight roof above my head and kill me and my children, if they had the courage. But they are cowards and fear to approach ma, even to come into these woods. You would laugh to hear what they are afraid of. A child would laugh to hear it. (laughter) Why should we help you?
22) 18) dialog: My inferior in years and judgment, presuming to instruct me! (MORE)
22) 19) text: fo 41 26. POWHATAN (cont'd) Manacle his feat. Giva him sea water to drink. Feed him withered roots and acorn husks, Smith snatches up his sword. His captors have left it lying caralessly nearby, as though they imagined it were decorative part of his costume. Pocahontas looks on, overcome with awe,
22) 20) dialog: Put that away. You look ridiculous. I could disarm you with this stick, He advances confidently on the Englishman. They stand facing one another for a long moment. Then, with inhuman speed, Powhatan raps him on the wrist, and Smith’s sword goes flying from his hand. A brave stands up and levels his bow at Smith’s armor, hanging from the ceiling. The arrow shoots clear through the steel. Suddenly a host of conjurers and medicine men enters the court. They dance around Smith with strange gestures and fall to the ground in paroxysms of delight. The Chief Priest looks deep into Smith’s eyes and lets ou a piercing wail. His body is covered with coal and oil. He wears a coronet of feathers and weasel skins. Six virgins arrange circles of cornmeal, grain and sticks around Smith’s figure. Great wooden idols look down at hi with a scowl. WOBBLEHEAD, a lunatic with the habit of rolling his head, gestures to Smith that his story has failed to convince anyone -~ he will die. Other natives reach out and touch his face in sympathy.
22) 22) dialog: Come here. Pocahontas kneels in front of her father.
22) 23) dialog: How can you stand up for this creature?
22) 25) dialog: Silence. One more word and I will chide you. You’vea only seen your own people. This man is common as clay.
22) 27) dialog: Hush! What do you know? A child!
22) 29) dialog: Why?
22) 31) dialog: They know you are my favorite child. Would you embarrass me?
22) 33) dialog: A spirit?
22) 40) dialog: We shall find out what their intentions are. There is no reason to waste lives. If they do not leave, then wa shall attack. Powhatan raises his hand to signal that Smith will be spared and, nodding at Pecahontas, declares:
22) 41) dialog: He can maka her beads and bells. One by one the Indians exploda with laughter. They rush forward and slap him on the back, pummel him, make him ea stand up and sit down. 42 43 29. they carry him around on their shoulders as if he were a conquering hero, strip off his clothes, dangle their strands of pearl around his neck, heap raccoon pelts on h shoulders and thrust a crown of feathers on his head. Smith has no idea what to make of all this. The moment before they were ready to slaughter him and now they trea him like their bosom friend. . His look of perplexity onl causes them to laugh the more. Meanwhile, Powhatan confer with his advisors.
22) 42) dialog: We shall watch them and wait.
22) 44) dialog: For whatever comes. A dream.
24) 6) dialog: I think your people come to take our land away. 41. Smith has come to feel a bond with Powhatan’s people that he did not feel before. He wants to speak honest Ly. Because ha cannot, he keeps silent.
24) 7) dialog: Go back to them and tell them what you have seen. You can say that we ara weak, that wa lie around in our hammocks the whole day long and can be taken with your muskets. Or you can say that, though we live in peace, we yet are strong, that you have seen an Empire all of whose sons and daughters, nephews and nieces are ready to die to preserve their land, at their King’s command. You can say that his kingdom is very great, that it extends for many weeks’ journey, that he has green fields and great storehouses of corn. What-‘you all them will either discourage them or arouse their lust. Tell them what you know.
24) 12) text: POWHATAN (cont’d) Do you think I am so foolish not to know that it is better to aat good Maat, to sleep peacefully with my women and children, to laugh and ba merry with you, to have copper and hatchets and other goods, than to be forced to flee, to lie cold in the woods, to feaad on acorns and roots and be hunted by you so that I can neither rest, nor eat nor sleep? What I say is true. The earth hears me. The sea hears me. Shall I lie?
24) 14) dialog: My councillors tell me that I should have you killed. You have gained a knowledge of our arms and our strong places. But my daughter assures that you are a good man, and I do not like to kill. Men should live in peace. . What need is there to hate and kill and steal? Wa take what we nead. We ask no more, We belong to this earth. Wa were made when this earth was made. Why do you bother us? What kind of people to you think we are? Let the streams of life flow in peace. Let us change this earth and make it better. All the people in the world ought to love it and speak well of it, always. Then it will last forevar, and the trees will never caase to bloom.
24) 16) dialog: Then leave us, You will turn the world upside down. Looking for what you might have found at home. Go back where you came from. We are stronger than you. We shall destroy you if you don’t. I will send you back with a supply of food. Wea giva you this and no more, Powhatan dips his hands in ashes and washes them . thoroughly, then rinses them in another bowl and dries th on a bunch of feathers.
24) 18) dialog: I wonder who you are, Smith. at you and I think, “There’s 43. ima pipe. Ha I look nothing ill can dwell in him.” I hope tha time Will never come when I shall say, I should have killed this fine man. Can I trust you more now than when you first came to this city? Smith smiles at Powhatan, more than an him,
24) 20) dialog: (nodding) Before you leave, I offer you this vanity of mine. It was brought to me from a land to the South. Indian dancers enter, singing wild mel eodies, and present him with a brilliant Carolina parakeet. EXT. POWHATAN’S LODGES The Indians bid Smith a fond farewell. deep respect for him, and he for them. alona does not smile. They have gained a Opechancanough
25) 9) dialog: I want you to promise me one thing. That you will put your people befora all alse in the world -~ aven your own heart. She nods.
36) 0) text: Spring has come, bringing sunny weather. Indian scouts sneak up to a field near the fort, a sunken enclosure camouflaged with vines, They strip the vines back and peer inside. Befora them stand row upon row of qreen shoots six inchas high -- baby corn plants. The Indians’ leader darts inside and uprocts one to take back to the Emperor. INT. POWHATAN’S LODGE Powhatan tosses the corn plant down in front of his daughter. His voice is soft and loving.
36) 1) dialog: They do not mean to leave. ({pausa) This does net surprise me. What does is how they found the seed and: where to plant it. This the Tassantasses do not know. And how did they find the other things -- the oysters, the turkeys’ aggs? When Pocahontas starts to speak, he cuts her off. He does not require an answer to these questions.
36) 2) dialog: He will forget you.
36) 4) dialog: No. She jumps to her feet and leaves. 83 84 85 86 87 66. EXT. POWHATAN’S LODGE Powhatan throws open the door of his lodge. Opechancanou and the Chiefs of his Armies understand him and, with a * great shout, repair to their units.
38) 0) text: Powhatan casts tobacco leaves on the streaming grey water of the Chickahominy, to satisfy himself that the omens ar good. The camps are a hive of silent activity as tha Indians prepare to make war. Braves plunge their spears into a log, working up their courage with whoops and crie They put on paint and smoke tobacco, say prayers and bid goodbye to their children. Allies gather from distant camps. Streams of warriors become whole rivers. Pocahontas looks on with alarm.
39) 0) text: As dusk settles, Pocahontas walks around Werowocomoco, shivering like a frightened deer. INT, POWHATAN’S TEMPLE ~ DUSK Powhatan has come to his principal temple to meditate before the sacred hearth. The dancing firelight gives him the appearance of a great conjurer.
39) 1) dialog: Find my daughter. A brave clacks a hollow log.
50) 0) text: Pocahontas sits bafore Powhatan in the hazy darkness of t tent. The Emperor is thickly painted and oiled all over - his arms and shoulders red, his face blue, his body jet black. From his ears hang the dried claws of a kingfisher
50) 1) dialog: You've brought me great sadness. You could have married other chiefs and worked for your nation, You could have helped to bring us peace. You have forgotten your duty. (pause) So have I. I loved you more than my people. I put you, my heart and soul, ahead of them. I did that thing which I forbada you to. You have been a fool, but I have been a very great fool. These peopla come to take our world away. We must defend ourselves against them. Many more will die because of our folly. I shall tell nobody of this. Not because I love you but because I am weak.
50) 5) dialog: I can no longer speak with my ancestors, nor with my people. Someday, if I have any honor, I shall tell them what I have done and offer them my life. Today I cannot.
50) 7) dialog: You have been the light of my life. I cannot give you over to die. I banish you instead -- I take your nama away and send you to your uncle. I am too old to see you die, but if I see you again, I might feel the love of you again. You are already dead. I . cannot love one that is dead. I cannot love a ghost. So leave me now, ghost girl, and may the Father of our people give you happiness in the hereafter. Pocahontas stands up. He sits with his head bowed. Despairing of a further word from him, she leaves.
52) 0) text: Tomocomo has come to Smith as a spokesman for Powhatan, h emperor. They are alone in the moonlit woods. 104 78.