7) 3) dialog: Captain Newport! The sailor calls Newport’s attention to a dugout canoe floating down the river. Inside the canoe, fully erect, sits a skeleton draped with pearl necklaces.
10) 1) dialog: Sssssst! Newport looks around to behold a magnificent Pamunkey bra standing at the adge of a clearing a hundred feet away. The brave lowars his bow and gives two loud shouts. The English jump back, startled. . Newport steps forward and puts his hand over his heart, a a sign the English mean no harm. The brave nods, as thoug to say he understands. He raises his hand and two hundred battie-dressed warriors step out from the woods. They are a handsome people, a full head taller than the English. is Unlike the severe, aquiline Indians of the whom we are accustomed, they have round faces bread *e cheekbones and straight nosas. Their skin is the calor of burnished gold, their eyas jet black, in shape almost Chinese. Buffalo tails dangle from their balts on the ground behind them. Dead blackbirds hang from their ears They chalk their. cheeks and arms with root dyes and shav the right side of their haads, to keep their hair clear o their bowstrings, giving each man two completely differen profiles -- one frightful, the other soft and noble. The English have never seen beings remotely like these and murmur with astonishment -- astonishment, than gradually fear, as they realize they could easily be overwhelmed. The brave strikes his head and chest, then reaches out to strike Newport’s the same way. Newport shies back, distrusting his intentions. The brave smiles and repeats the gasture.
11) 0) text: The Indians have grown more trusting. They dance with panpipes on the shore and wade out into the shallows to greet the English longboats with songs of welcome. Some paddle ahead in their long canoes to warn Nawpert’s helmsman of snags in the water. “We hava never in the world so far encountered a kinder people,” wrote James Barlowe, captain of Raleigh's ill- fated 1584 expaédition, ‘We were entertained with ; friendship and were given everything they could provide. Wa found (them) gentle, loving and faithful, lacking all guile and trickery. It was as if they lived ina golden aga of their own.” 20 10. A sailor rushes up to Smith, breathless with excitement.
11) 1) dialog: I gave this Indian woman a brokan plata, and she give me four rows of her pearls. I tell you, we come to tha richast country in the world. The ship’s BOSUN, a great hulking man, spots one of the indians stealing a hatchet.
17) 0) text: Two Indian women tempt a sailor who has wandered off from the rest of the English party to follow them into the woods. He is cautious at first, but curiosity or lust get the better of him.
56) 0) text: PATOWOMECK, the traacherous King of Pastancy, watches out of tha side of his aye as an English sailor sets a copper kettle down in front of his lodge. He must be careful not to appear complicitous with the kidnapping.
69) 0) text: Sailors untie hawsers and cast them on the deck of the Susan Constant. Wilf stands on the shore and watches. A wake spreads out behind the departing ship, flashing an frolicsome in the morning sun. Tha waves lift up their necks, pressing toward the deep-water currents. The mast points toward the clouds. High above flies a solitary bird.
98) 0) text: The New World pines sway back and forth in ecstasy, forev awaiting the determined sailor.