4) 0) text: One young adventurer, CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH, is not en deck but sits.in the hold. He has been cast in irona to await hanging on a charge of mutiny. Smith is a boisterous man of great strength, a warm-heart rabel, a lover of play and song. He speaks his mind without mincing words, convinced he must always be right, in small matters no less than in large. He is long accustomed to the disfavor of his superiors and dees not have a politic bone in his body. He wears the earring of a Moorish woman to whom he was on a slave. He has been a prisoner of the Turks, a beggar in Moscow, has fought the Tartars in Transylvania and been - shipwrecked in three seas. With no rank or property, no education or connections, he can only win fame or fortune by his daring. The career he has taken up is the single one open to a parson of his ambition. He is a. true pioneer, forever leaving the past behind, bearing the brunt of danger, contemptuous of fear -- a conqueror who lets down anchor when the whim seizes him, makes the shore his home for a while, then inevitably gro bored and moves on, te seek his luck elsewhere.
10) 0) text: The pinnace, a small sailboat, strikes the opposite shore Newport and his men jump out and, weighted down with thei casques and armor, crossbows and pikes, wade clumsily ashore. Quickly they find footprints, at first only footprints. Tangion mounts as they advance into the woods They sansa they are being watched. .
12) 0) text: At dawn the next morning, the English strip off their doublets and set to work. The forest rings with the bite of their Kentish axes. Sweat glistens on their tattooed backs. After months at sea, the work is a joy. When the felling gang is done, the sawyers drag the logs off to hew them into timbers. Soon a small fort is under construction. Pocahontas watches from afar. From time to time she allow the cabin boys to approach her. They secon are teaching h English words. Foragers attempt to catch fish and wildfowl but without t help of the Indians have little success. Carpenters put together a shallop, a shallow-draught vessel for navigati the rivers, pitch the tents and stake out gardens. Yeomen sow oats and barley. Newport is a wise leader. He gives every man a job, thoug the gentlemen are exempt from physical labor. He goes around keeping up their spirits and, where necessary, lending a hand. But when he comes upon two of their company plucking a wild goose, he is inflamed to wrath. The men are hauled to the ground, and their hands are bou behind their backs. . NEWPORT oe Clever dogs! Staunch to the last! Never told us how they managed to look so fit. And why should they? No, fine fellows, fine fellows! {turning to his adjutants) Wait until the sun goes down to bury them.. I don’t, want the Savages to think our numbers are dwindling. 23 24 INDIANS’ POV Overcome by curiosity, the Indians have returned to the vicinity of the camp, From across the river, they witness the axecution of the poachers. It seems not to deter thei curiosity. A brave named TOMOCOMO talks with the sentries a distinctive man, dyed black frem haad to toe and covere with tattoos. :
21) 1) text: 38 22 The Indians closa in. His hopes of escapa gone, Smith put the blade of the halberd to his chest, as though he were Preparing to take his life. He'soon thinks batter of this course of action, howaver -- life is too sweet -- and offers his weapon to the leader of the Indian party with great flourish, as though he were surrendering a whole army. He doas not beg for mercy. He does not expect it. Two braves drag him out of the bog. OPECHANCANOUGH steps forward, a-chief seven feet tall, so stately in his manner that Smith at first takes him for a fool. He reaches out, touches Smith’s beard and explodes in laughter. Another Indian removes Smith’s shoulder bag, smells it, then throws it away in disgust. The English strike these people as incredibly dirty and foul~smelling. Suddenly, to Opechancanough’s great surprise, his prisone leaps to his feet, and taking a small box from his pocket presents it to the chief with a deep bow. Opechancanough is wary of the mechanism at first, but upon inspecting it more closely, he discovers inside an iron needle which points the same direction whichever way you turn the box. When he tries to touch the needle, his finger is stopped the glass, further cause for astonishment. The Indians ar unacquainted with this legacy of the Phoenicians. He turns the box upside down and looks at it from — ; underneath, taking care to praserve an air of dignity in the presence of his soldiers.
26) 38) dialog: I can ratify what Mr. Argall said, {toeaing Wingfield) . He refused to give me a chicken or return the whistle I gave him in payment for it. In fact, one morning while conniving with his friend Mr. Ackley here, he even refused to give me a spoonful of beer. Were we in England, I should be ashamed to let my servant keep company with such fellows.
34) 4) text: Brawls erupt over food and small possessions. The settler boil their belts and harnesses and eat them. They commit murder for matches. They eat dogs, cats, even rats. But civilization, aven such as it exists, begins to work its effect on Smith. Every one of his compatriots is an avenu that leads him back into his former ways of thinking. Wilf, the cabin boy, cheers him with memories of youth an home.