17) 7) text: 31 32 19. SMITH (cont'd) Each man shall have his fig trea to lia baneath. They will favor you without your having te pander, scrape Or steal. The things we value to them ara worth no mere than straw. There’s danger, but what is danger compared with seaing those cities ~- magical Capitals that stretch for miles and risa into the clouds, glancing in the evening light. Would the like aver happen to you in England? Your freedom’s at hand, men. Make your choice. Go back and muck about the rest of your lives -- dia like cattle, never lifting your eyes from tha ground -- or come with ma -- to the East. He points wast, toward the Indies. Only two men step forward, a young carpenter named THOMAS EMERY and a sailo JEHU ROBINSON.
85) 0) text: The hawsers are cast free as Pocahontas, Rolfe and their son Thomas board a ship bound for England. Mary has come along to help with the child. Newport, too, is a passenger. Wobblehead watches the ship move down the James River toward tha Atlantic breakers.
90) 0) text: To a fanfare of trumpets and timpani, Pocahontas steps do the main aisle of Whitehall Palace as she is presented to Their Majesties James and Anne, the KING and QUEEN of England. Her coal-dark eyes and noble bearing send tremor through the court. , Mary looks on from the gallery: at last her unfortunate mistress is receiving the respect she deserves. Opechancanough is on hand, too, in his Pamunkey war dress Pocahontas bows to the King. Rolfe listens as the Court Laureate reads a composition in her praise. Thomas listens, too.
94) 9) dialog: What does it say?
95) 2) dialog: Mother?! He gapes at the mysterious figure. Then he looks at her and realizes she has been leading him on, and he begins t chase her. They laugh and cavort wildly.
96) 0) text: Later the same day, or week, young Thomas looks up with a start. His mother rushes in with a parchment scroll she has found, unable to restrain her excitement. 171 She takes a moment to compose herself, to savor the last moments of her innocence. Will she know him? Will she be able. to speak with him?