12) 0) text: At dawn the next morning, the English strip off their doublets and set to work. The forest rings with the bite of their Kentish axes. Sweat glistens on their tattooed backs. After months at sea, the work is a joy. When the felling gang is done, the sawyers drag the logs off to hew them into timbers. Soon a small fort is under construction. Pocahontas watches from afar. From time to time she allow the cabin boys to approach her. They secon are teaching h English words. Foragers attempt to catch fish and wildfowl but without t help of the Indians have little success. Carpenters put together a shallop, a shallow-draught vessel for navigati the rivers, pitch the tents and stake out gardens. Yeomen sow oats and barley. Newport is a wise leader. He gives every man a job, thoug the gentlemen are exempt from physical labor. He goes around keeping up their spirits and, where necessary, lending a hand. But when he comes upon two of their company plucking a wild goose, he is inflamed to wrath. The men are hauled to the ground, and their hands are bou behind their backs. . NEWPORT oe Clever dogs! Staunch to the last! Never told us how they managed to look so fit. And why should they? No, fine fellows, fine fellows! {turning to his adjutants) Wait until the sun goes down to bury them.. I don’t, want the Savages to think our numbers are dwindling. 23 24 INDIANS’ POV Overcome by curiosity, the Indians have returned to the vicinity of the camp, From across the river, they witness the axecution of the poachers. It seems not to deter thei curiosity. A brave named TOMOCOMO talks with the sentries a distinctive man, dyed black frem haad to toe and covere with tattoos. :
52) 0) text: Tomocomo has come to Smith as a spokesman for Powhatan, h emperor. They are alone in the moonlit woods. 104 78.
52) 1) dialog: The great Powhatan speaks thus: “You, destroyer of peace, a man I saved, and sheltered, and fed -- treated like a son! -- have you not injured me enough? You have stolen my child’s heart from me. With a thousand inventions you have driven her mad. With your lying tongue you have changed her into a demon to persecute me.” I was to say no mora, but see -- Catching hold of the top of a sapling, ha hends it to the ground.
52) 2) dialog: We shall treat you in the same way. He turns and leaves.