7) 7) dialog: If I were you, Smith, I would take advantage of thesa precious minutes to compose my prayers.
7) 9) dialog: I think, in this fataful instance, you might be wrong.
7) 11) dialog: Good, very good. I intend to make a collaction of your sayings, if you will permit me. Capt Newport walks up.
7) 13) dialog: You said to hang him.
7) 15) dialog: I think you should reconsider this decision, sir. 14
7) 16) text: Wingfield, not everybody in this world is able to keep his mouth shut, and you might perhaps be one of those who can’t. They find they havea crossed the subtle line between independence - of thought and sheer insolence. Wow that might ba happening te you, don’t you think? Smith gives Wingfield a broad smile.
15) 3) dialog: {leaping up) I should very dearly like to know one thing. What is to prevent this friend ef the hangman from making league with the Naturals, then turning upon us, only under the extremity of torture, I should like to assume? Or instructing them in the conduct of war and English strategies, if I may make so bold? His right to the title of Captaincy is dubious at best. The low-born son of a yeoman cannot be expected to behave with a gentleman’s sense of propriety.
26) 13) dialog: You look quite well, Smith. Been anjoying yourself, have you? Been enjoying yourself mightily, I expect. 47. From his regimen of venison and corn, Smith looks shockingly healthy next to tha other Englishmen, evan Wingfield and his henchmen, who have fared better than th rest.
26) 14) dialog: You were sant to relieve our situation, not to pleasure yourself. We here have suffered. {nodding at Wilf) Been telling you a lot of stories, has a?
26) 16) dialog: No speeches, Smith. Things are differant now, We can’t gat away with cheek. Allow cheek, and we shall have chaos. I -wear a medal now, I am the President. You were stripped of your captaincy.
26) 18) dialog: Someday, yes, but let's not talk about that now. As a matter of fact, you'd be considerably happier if you didn’t make my job more tiring than it already is. You shortly will be arrested in the nama of His Lordship, King James, and confined to the fortress.
26) 20) dialog: Caused tha death of two good Englishmen. Than you deserted. Furthermore, you have allowed the Naturals to see the state of our extremity.
26) 24) dialog: You were tried during the period of your desertion.
26) 26) dialog: Then you will be even less amused to learn that you were condemned to death, Crazy with hunger, the English fall madly on Powhatan’s gifts, cheering Smith as a hero. His parakeet flies away.
26) 27) dialog: What did you offer them in return for these bats’ tails and what-have~-you? He gestures contemptuously at Powhatan’s gifts, while his cronies bully the others out of the way to make sure they gat the lion’s share.
26) 28) dialog: Nocturnal creatures! He sticks his sword into a raccoon and throws it to a man to whom ha owas a favor.
26) 29) text: (to his henchmen) Send them a dozen of those red top hats. And the bed in which Master Godfrey died, since none will sleep in it. And Nelson’s cur. The ever so poxey one. They haven’t one of those, I suppose. He points to a sickly greyhound. Argall steps forward and speaks directly to Smith, ignering Wingfield. 48. as.
26) 32) dialog: Seize them. Anyone impeding the punishment of these rogues will be dealt with harshly. Wingfield’s men move to arrest Smith and Argall. smith draws his sword. They challenge him with theirs, but they are no match, evan in numbers. With dazzling skill, he dispatches three of them. As the crowd sees his strength and the chance to turn the tide of things at the fort, th join him. Wingfield’s man are soon overpowered.
26) 33) dialog: You want to gat rid of me, eh? Give me the old heave-ho? Let ma tell you, thera’s not a square-head here man enough to get away with that. Don’t start anything you can’t finish. Will you all be witnesses to this? Stop now or I shall report this mutiny to London. It could be ugly.