0) 82) dialog: 
0) 84) dialog: For the Con Ed guy?
1) 2) dialog: The Dad says you're going to study film at college. The family sits around a wooden table. Maureen, 50's, looks plastered. She wears an Indian patterned caftan and a big bulky necklace she probably got at a craft fair. Yeah.
1) 4) dialog: That seems to be what everybody is doing these days. I think the Dad hoped you’d follow in his footsteps and take sculpture-HAROLD No, I think it’s good she’s doing her own thing. Since Clarence had his stroke and I retired, the art department at Bard has really suffered. 12
1) 16) dialog: We have no idea what Jean does at Xerox.
1) 18) dialog: When was the last job you had, Danny?
1) 23) dialog: What will you do for money?
1) 25) dialog: While you're staying here, would you please go through all the boxes upstairs and take whatever papers and posters you want from your childhood.
1) 27) dialog: And when I'm back, we're going to start throwing things away.
1) 33) dialog: He has some wealthy clients who are coming here on Sunday to look at the Dad's work.
1) 36) dialog: We never hear from him and then suddenly...poof! 15
1) 43) dialog: You kids don't eat. Jean starts clearing. Maureen and Danny help her. Eliza remains with her grandfather, pretending to eat her shark We MOVE between the adjacent kitchen and the dining room.
1) 45) dialog: Well, you were always out of step with the times.
1) 49) dialog: You didn't play the game.
1) 56) dialog: Isn't that when the Whitney bought a piece of yours?
2) 0) text: We hear family conversation from the other room. Danny turns the knob on the bathroom door. It opens and Maureen immediately comes out, wearing rose tinted glasses, but where you can see her eyes.
4) 4) dialog: (reading) Harold Meyerowitz: A Retrospective.
4) 50) dialog: I think it's a masterpiece.
4) 53) dialog: Yes, Gilded Halfwing.
4) 56) dialog: Show them the wood structures.
4) 62) dialog: Only on weekends. James tests the water on the tap and the toilet flush. Danny pokes his head around the corner finding James inspecting the fixtures.
5) 0) text: Maureen prepares lunch. Harold watches the game on TV. 24
5) 1) dialog: I found Brian very attractive. He's baby-faced but sinewy like an old lover of mine, Willem Dafoe. James has very firm calves.
5) 5) dialog: (walking past him) Both.
6) 2) dialog: Per Matthew, they're interested in purchasing all of the work, some of the furniture, as well as the house.
6) 4) dialog: That we're open to exploring it.
6) 7) dialog: It's very expensive to keep this place up. And we're spending more time at the country house now.
6) 9) dialog: Well, I had it before we were married, but it's ours. Everything is ours now.
7) 8) dialog: Why do you care? 26
7) 16) dialog: (hurt) I guess I wouldn't know about that. Maureen storms out of the room. We hear a door slam.
7) 23) dialog: Take care of the Dad.
23) 34) dialog: (re: his limp) Are you moving that way on purpose?
23) 36) dialog: I thought you were mocking me. 88
23) 38) dialog: I thought it was a bad imitation. Maureen!
23) 41) dialog: Doctor Soni looks very much like a chum of mine from university who became an art looter, but that's of no use to you. No.
23) 44) dialog: I'll get the information and you can ask me. E-mail might be best if you're going to be in Rochester. I'm here. I'm here.
23) 51) dialog: Do you think I'm not going to tell you the truth? She opens the driver's seat door.
23) 53) dialog: (getting into the car) Jean, you were wearing that same sweater that last time I saw you.
34) 0) text: Maureen serves the siblings a strange looking bird. Matt digs in and chews for a long time. Jean and Danny share a smile. EXT. MAUREEN’S HOUSE. PATH AROUND THE HOUSE The three siblings walk Bruno.
38) 0) text: The siblings, Eliza and Maureen sit for an end of life conversation, taking notes. A group of doctors talk to them from across a large table. 109
40) 29) dialog: It's a shame the Dad is going to miss the opening tomorrow. He was really looking forward to it.
40) 31) dialog: He never would have expected you to have shown up. We were trying to figure it out, have you ever even been to this house before? No...
40) 33) dialog: The Dad always hoped for a visit but I guess you always had a lot to do in the City when you came to town. And us not being A-list parents and all. Danny and Jean, of course, are here all the time, but that’s less exciting for the Dad. Matt drinks his vodka.
40) 35) dialog: (rising) I hope they understand they'll be looking at a sleeping man. Hello Andy Warhol!
40) 37) dialog: I spoke to the neurologist, Dr. Diebert, who seems very knowledgeable, but has no upper lip to speak of, and if Harold survives the infection, they have no idea what person will be there when he wakes up. Maybe he'll be Brad Pitt. Or Neruda. Or Joe the Plumber. (with real feeling, but dramatically) I just want him to be Harold.
40) 39) dialog: Yes and given where we are with the Dad...and the Manhattan house is more than we need right now, I’ve taken your counsel, and I think selling the house and art to James and Brian is the right thing to do. I signed the places you marked for me. She hands the manila envelope to Matthew.
40) 41) dialog: Some of those pieces are quite large, how will they be displayed?
40) 43) dialog: (hesitates) Oh...OK. I can’t believe Danny is happy about that and Jean...well, who knows what Jean feels about anything. 114
40) 45) dialog: Really they have no power anyway. I don’t know what happened to them as children -- Harold says he tried his best -- but they’re really such disappointments.
40) 47) dialog: I say that as a disappointment myself. I was neglected too during my childhood. It’s funny, I was never interested in having kids. Maybe once. No, not even once. (drinks) You’re very good at getting the most for your clients.
50) 22) dialog: (to the dog) Bruno-(to Matt) Did you change your scent? 142
50) 24) dialog: Maybe a new shampoo?
50) 28) dialog: The earliest appointment we can get with the neurologist is next month... It's a lot for me to do by myself here. She enters the house through the kitchen. Matt follows.
50) 29) dialog: Fortunately we have a little more money from the sale. James sent photos of the sculptures at one of the retirement homes in Arizona. They look quite stunning. (pause) I have to say I was very surprised that you tried to stop the deal after you went through all that trouble setting it up...
50) 31) dialog: Well, it was my decision as I’m the next of kin. It’s too late now. She retrieves the black Vuarnet sunglasses from a pile of odds and ends and hands them to Matt.
50) 32) dialog: I found these in the Dad's things. I think they're yours.
50) 34) dialog: I just have to finish these insurance forms which seem to be written in a foreign language-MATT Maureen, why didn't you ask me, someone at my company will do that. She looks up, tears falling from her eyes.
50) 35) dialog: (emotionally) I don't like to ask for help.
50) 37) dialog: But it's a big day, it's the Dad's first meal off of the feeding tube. INT. MAUREEN’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM Matt follows into the living room. Harold is watching TV.
50) 38) dialog: He's watching TCM. Matt hesitates. His Dad looks older and wears a knit cap. There's a weariness and frailty he carries now. Hey, Dad. Hi.
50) 46) dialog: We spent three hours today at Goodwill. The Dad had a funny joke.
50) 48) dialog: I'll set you up again: We spent three hours today at Goodwill.
50) 53) dialog: That's true, the Dad got very impatient. And as we were handing over the boxes, I saw that I had accidentally included my good wok. And I hesitated. But I thought, I haven't made Chinese food in ten years. (MORE)
50) 55) dialog: I won't make Chinese food again...but you have your idea of yourself and you want to hold onto that. Harold erupts with a guttural cough.
50) 59) dialog: We just got you out of the hospital, we don't want you to go back.
50) 65) dialog: Harold, you're getting brown sauce all over the sheets. Harold wipes at the sheet.
50) 66) dialog: You're just rubbing it in. Maureen sighs and gathers the plates.
50) 67) dialog: Matt can you help the Dad get ready for his nap? 146