17) 0) text: ENRIQUE, a diminutive Latin Food Manager carrying some tr of food into the Air France lounge, notes the curious and distraught figure of Viktor wandering past, the Steward ‘following behind to ensure he clears the area.
35) 2) text: Viktor, napkin carefully tucked into his shirt, slurps at his soup. Enrique, the First Class lounge Food Manager, driving his motorized food trolley - whose engine makes an odd whistl sound - notices Viktor, the curious man he saw ejected fr the lounges earlier, eating on the other side of the Food Court . He studies him for a moment, approaches Gupta, who's mopp nearby.
35) 3) dialog: What's up with him?
35) 5) dialog: (pointing) Brown suit. Two o'clock.
35) 7) dialog: Like ronson . Worse. Some k aperwork problem. Serious accord? Mulroy. He's living over at 50. A) ENRIQUE Uf Gate 50? CO Gupta moves away with his mop-cart.
35) 10) dialog: A little left-over Bratwurst. Tyrolean Air. She smiles, moves on.
35) 12) dialog: watches from the other side.
35) 13) dialog: He'll get tapeworm from those burgers.
47) 0) text: Exhausted after his first day at work, Viktor - now chang back into his suit - walks through the concourse. Enrique's food trolley, its engine still making the stran whistling noise, drives straight past him. Viktor turns, sniffs the air. He follows Enrique's trolley.
48) 0) text: Enrique takes a hot tray of appetizers from a compartment his food trolley and hands it to a waiting BA catering WO Ke sees Viktor standing there.
48) 2) dialog: How did man was me? Viktor leans forward @ food trolley, smelling the assorted aromas. He taps<on the compartments. Enrique opens it. 7 f Oem vixton 7) It's the one you see) ENRIQUE “~~ {pretending to be unimpressed) KLM? Those clog-wearing amateurs can't cook to save their asses.
48) 4) dialog: (like it was nothing) Returns. They get tossed anyhow. - Now Cathay Imperial Class... He opens another drawer, allows Viktor a brief, tantalizi glimpse of an exquisite-looking MEAL before SLAMMING it s again - “>.
48) 5) dialog: Not too many miles on it, either. It's only come from Satitiago. Enrique kisses his fingers, jumps back onto his train and turns on the engine. It makes the strange whistling sound again. Viktor approaches, flips up the hood and makes a quick an precise adjustment. The whistling stops. A beat.
48) 6) dialog: I could send a few more your way if you'd like. Viktor nods, graciously accepting the kind offer. Enrique turns his cart around.
48) 7) dialog: I hear you're going to be with us for a while.
48) 12) text: Enrique takes off in t. er direction.
52) 12) dialog: The man with no country. Enrique reaches down, pulls out a couple of bottles of DO PERIGNON from under S..sut's blanket.
52) 14) dialog: (French Accent) Mais bien sur. Merci!
52) 17) dialog: My God. (mockingly, to Mulroy) I stole them. Enrique cackles as he pops the cork. Viktor's in no mood celebrate. He reaches down to Scout who licks his hand.
53) 2) text: ENRIQUE © You like him, huh? old DEA dog. They were about to ' him, if you know what I mean, but ivinced them to let me have him.
54) 0) text: Viktor watches as Enrique reaches down to the barrel hang off Scout's collar and pulls out two large bags of weed.
54) 1) dialog: (handing them to Mulroy) Kingston Press. Fresh off the plane. (Scout) Good boy. A lit joint already in his mouth, Mulroy shoves the bags weed into a little flight bag.
54) 7) dialog: They got more important ings to worry about. Like you, Vik. When they going to let you outta here, anyway?
54) 9) dialog: (a stoned laugh} Someone's lying to you, man.
54) 11) dialog: Fuck them. You should just leave.
54) 13) dialog: Not if they don't catch him. {tokes, boldly) I can get you out of here. Viktor stops eating.
54) 15) dialog: Damn Skippy I can get him out of here! Viktor chokes on the smoke again. His eyes are looking ve glazed over by now.
54) 19) dialog: Have you ever been i ecfhe wheel well of an A3507
54) 21) dialog: It's the size of a one bedroom apartment.
54) 23) dialog: (like he's an imbecile) I don't know whether you've noticed, Mulroy, but there have been some breathtaking advances in Western technology in the last few years. A withering look from Mulroy as he hands Enrique the join ve.
54) 24) dialog: Industrial grade Aluminum foil. Viktor stares at Enrique, his drug-addled brain taking ho of the idea -
58) 1) dialog: Maybe that one's not for you. Enrique waves in front of Viktor's eyes. Viktor seems to catatonic. Mulrey still laughing.
58) 2) dialog: Viktor, are you alright?
58) 4) dialog: (eureka) That's it! Cardiac arrest. They'll have to take him to emergency at St. Joseph's.
84) 0) text: Viktor lifts neers niece broken stone from the old wails left in the corner of for pick-up onto Enrique's food trolley.
99) 0) text: Enrique delivers trays of festive hot appetizers to the A France lounge. As he drops them on a counter in the kitchen area he sees case of Dom Perignon just sitting there. He stares at the bottles for a moment then up at Pierre, the lounge stewar through the hatch, chatting away with a PASSENGER. Enrique looks back at the bottles, hesitates...then leave
113) 0) text: Gathered around to say good-bye - Mulroy, Enrique, Hector Karl, Daniels, Gupta, Larabee, Pierre. Assorted other air WORKERS, ticketing PEOPLE and Immigration SECRETARIES mil about too. Viktor stands under some balloons and a banner saying 'Bon Voyage' . People come up and congratulate Viktor. He shakes hands smiles...but there's something about his expression that' off.
122) 1) dialog: Danair pork dumplings. Viktor turns. Enrique is holding out a tray.
122) 2) dialog: They've only come from Orly. Vikter gratefully accepts it, examines his meal...
122) 4) dialog: The first time I saw D knew you were a lifer like the r of us. {turning to go) Oh, I nearly forgot. They need you over at the fountain. Some kind of thing with, I don't know, the plumbing... Viktor hastily puts down the tray.
122) 13) text: (Oo. 8.) The plumbing ike I said. He turns to see Enrique, Gypfa, Mulroy and dozen or so of his co-workers behind him, “qfati ly surrounding him. Lar pushes to the front, offering d to Viktor. A nod of acknowledgement to Vik: fountain -
126) 0) text: Enrique drives his food trolley towards Viktor's seats. H takes a couple of extra trays of food from it, turning to set them down in the usual place.
126) 1) dialog: You're gonna love this, Vik. One word. Alital~- He stops, sees the THREE TRAYS of untouched food.
130) 16) text: The female CUSTOMS ree Enrique flirted with emerging from an office door across the concourse dirgct cross from Viktor. She sees Viktor, the look of de ination on his face, sens something strange may be goin Lye just as the thought
130) 19) dialog: Warmed Zambuca truffles. Air Maroc. (sexily) I thought you might...
133) 0) text: Gupta and Enrique help Mulroy clean up the glass. Looks exchanged. Behind them the Security Guards try and figure out what j happened. They know something did,~they just can't quite their finger on it. A beat. Mulroy addresses his friends -