11) 0) text: Muzak version of Bach's ‘Goldberg Variations' echoes thro the hi-tech concourse as Viktor walks past every departme store imaginable - W. H. Smith...Bloomingdale's...Brookstone...Williams Sono Banana Repubhic... Ke slows in front of one}\takes a moment before saying th words - ox fb LS The Gap. f fo An Indian cleaner, GUPTA, mop] arby, registers Viktor, watching as he continues past ty of Duty Free stores advertising remarkable deals on yc sounding perfumes and cutting-edge paim-held electronic ods. viktor stops at one of the windows, intrigued by a giant foot high pack of MERIT CIGARETTES, trying to imagine now they would be smoked. As a puzzled Viktor turns =o continue ahead, Gupta looks away. Now Viktor notices Gupta, watching as passengers trample over his freshly-mopped floor, seemingly oblivious or indifferent to the fact that in a few seconds it will be dirty again. oe 43.
29) 10) text: I said you should put those out so people don't slip. Gupta just stares at him...then offers Viktor the mop.
29) 12) dialog: Mind your own business then. Intrigued by the friendliness of his contempt, Viktor sta where he is, watches Gupta mopping.
29) 14) dialog: A while.
29) 18) dialog: It smells the same. A loud CRASH From behind them. A BUSINESSMAN's slipped on the wet floor by the restrooms. He gets up, angrily mops down his Brooks Brothers suit -
29) 20) dialog: It's the only fun I have. Off Viktor's appalled expression.
35) 2) text: Viktor, napkin carefully tucked into his shirt, slurps at his soup. Enrique, the First Class lounge Food Manager, driving his motorized food trolley - whose engine makes an odd whistl sound - notices Viktor, the curious man he saw ejected fr the lounges earlier, eating on the other side of the Food Court . He studies him for a moment, approaches Gupta, who's mopp nearby.
35) 4) dialog: Who?
35) 6) dialog: Oh, him. Stuck here.
35) 8) dialog: Not such a bad part of the world. A black Female CUSTOMS OFFICER passes Enrique. They excha a flirtatious little look.
81) 0) text: In a good mood, Viktor walks past one of the maintenance rooms, hears the noise of a FIGHT, enters. A pair of CLEANERS, their mops raised, spar viciously wit each other while other CLEANERS surround them, egging the on. As Viktor gets closer he realizes one of the cleaners is Gupta.
81) 2) text: An old grudge. Ancient rivals from neighboring villages -- back in their homeland. The two men fight viciously. ‘ CLEANER The wound was re-opened because Gupta went to the movies with Sanjay's girlfriend, Pria. Viktor steps forward, moving very close to them. He clear his throat. The cleaners don't even notice him. Viktor clears his throat again, LOUDLY this time. Still, the cleaners go at it with their mops like crazed cocks, oblivious. Finally, and very loudly -
98) 0) text: Gupta, listening to his taped-up headphones at maximum vo mops with his usual focus and intensity outside the restr After he's completed the area in front of the doors, he p ‘Caution, Wet Floor - Slippery' signs around it.
113) 0) text: Gathered around to say good-bye - Mulroy, Enrique, Hector Karl, Daniels, Gupta, Larabee, Pierre. Assorted other air WORKERS, ticketing PEOPLE and Immigration SECRETARIES mil about too. Viktor stands under some balloons and a banner saying 'Bon Voyage' . People come up and congratulate Viktor. He shakes hands smiles...but there's something about his expression that' off.
121) 0) text: Viktor, shaved and dressed now Ss across the main concourse, nodding acknowledge’ SF people he recognizes. Some appear surprised, though ple still in the Terminal. ntly so, that Viktor is Gupta spots Viktor and takes off his headphones -
121) 1) dialog: You did the right thing, Viktor. Viktor stops.
121) 2) dialog: You'd miss it here. {a shrug) Certain people might have missed you. He starts on his way again, slipping his headphones back
121) 3) dialog: Not me, of course. Viktor continues on. Gupta turns to watch as a beautiful Asian STEWARDESS approaches Viktor and hands him a Thai Air Club Class Tra Kit on the way to her gate.
130) 2) dialog: Hey, Viktor. Viktor continues past him. Strange. Gupta looks up, sees Viktor's heading straight towards the Security Area at th far end. Mulroy passes Gupta now too, following Viktor, gesturing towards
130) 5) dialog: (noticing the guar whisper) What are you doing, you Balkan nutbag? Viktor picks up the pace, making a b-line for the TWO SEC GUARDS now sharing a Danish and a joke in front of the Security Area up ahead. Gupta gestures back to Mulroy, pointing to his head -Vikt gone mental. Trying as best he can not to draw attention, Mulroy catches up to Viktor now...
130) 13) dialog: You'd better take level two. The Guards turn back towards the escalators.
133) 0) text: Gupta and Enrique help Mulroy clean up the glass. Looks exchanged. Behind them the Security Guards try and figure out what j happened. They know something did,~they just can't quite their finger on it. A beat. Mulroy addresses his friends -