12) 0) text: Having finally exhausted his exploration of the upper lev Viktor is faced with a stained plastic curtain at the end a long concourse. A sign apologizes - "Please Excuse Our Appearance During Construction of Our New Wing" Viktor sneaks a look behind the curtain - WORKMEN, overse by their foreman KARL IVERSON, are constructing a new concourse including dozens of additional gates. Viktor studies the workmen, fascinated, gazing towards ce area between the distant cluster of gates - a large cavit in the ground indicating where foundations have yet to be laid.
36) 0) text: Karl, the.foreman and hi§\CREW MANAGER make an examinatio with plans, of work to ne . . ¢ GER This section he ae take us till March 30. °
36) 2) dialog: If we want to make th dline all the crews have to be syncop a, Brian. Like a ballet.
36) 4) dialog: Hold on. Karl and the Crew Manager enter the gate.
36) 6) dialog: Who's been working here?
36) 8) dialog: It doesn't look like no-one to me. The Crew Manager shrugs, checking his schedules again.
36) 10) dialog: Look at this cornicing. Must be Harry's crew. ww (shaking his head in dismay) Any chance to e us look bad. They're trying to ca’ ouble again, Brian.
62) 1) dialog: poking his head out of Gate Ten, shouts over to his men -
62) 2) dialog: You. All of you. Here. Now. MINUTES LATER oT Viktor and the’ other workmen stand in front of Viktor's perfectly painted wall. aa
62) 3) text: Gather round. Smiling, Karl runs his tingere (Epp the intricate mouldin work at the hase. Ye 9
62) 4) dialog: See this, Gentlemen. Old world craftsmanship. Detailed. Precise. Beautiful. @k7 ae this. Viktor's thrilled.
62) 5) dialog: So, who did it? Viktor's simply too embarrassed to take the credit.
62) 7) dialog: What's you're name?
62) 9) dialog: {gesturing to the walls) It's got to stop, Viktor. Viktor, confused.
62) 10) dialog: This is an airport. People want to get through here as fast they can. No-one notices the goddamn walls in an airport. - work like this takes too long. We miss our deadline, don't get my target bonus. - And if I don'g’gt mine, then you - (gesturig ly) - all of you, @on!' et yours. look at each other.
62) 11) dialog: People like you are stopping everyone else from making money. viktor wishes the earth wou Or. him up. The Workers The Workers glare at Viktor. Karl nears him. Hesitantly -
62) 13) dialog: co I don't think so.
62) 14) text: Karl leads Viktor into the abandoned gate, trailed by the other workers.
62) 15) dialog: Okay, you've got until lunchtime. Viktor looks around the huge gate. After a moment ~
62) 17) dialog: Any one of these men could paint this whole gate before lunch... {turning to them) .right? They all shake their heads, delighting in Viktor's tormen Viktor nods his head, alright. Karl leaves the gate, trailed by the workers, a couple of them high-fiving. VIKTOR &z looks around at the e INT. NEW ‘WING, OFFICE -
62) 19) text: a of WALL. He gulps. Karl is arguing loudly the Lo ian, the Crew Manager appears. He looks worried. CREW sora!
62) 20) dialog: Karl. . What?
63) 0) text: The clock on the wall reads ten minutes to one. Viktor si calmly in the middle of the room finishing a TWA children fish supper. vee Karl and Brian arrive. Karl can hardly believe his eyes. viktor's not only painted everything perfectly, he's fini the moulding on the base as well. A beat.
63) 1) dialog: I don't like you, Navorski. He leaves. Viktor savors the last of his Jello cup.
67) 4) text: Viktor doesn't seem that Viktor smiles. Well, as soon as you get it. Viktor goes back to his tuna salad sandwich. - Karl caught the exchange. He approaches, reaches into his pocket, stuffs a couple o bills into Viktor's top overall pocket.
67) 5) dialog: An advance. Till it gets straightened out. A long beat - os
67) 6) text: (reluctantly) ...¥ou're a good worker, Viktor. eo Karl leaves. Viktor pulls out the two twenty dollar bi + Jooks at them, smiles, takes another bite of his sandwi and wanders over to the
88) 0) text: Karl and his crew Manager stand by the hole, looking down
88) 4) dialog: I just don't understand it.
99) 6) dialog: I talked to payroll. Why aren't you on their lists. (a beat) Who are you?
99) 8) dialog: Well, whoever you are, you're fired.
99) 11) dialog: ~- Shut up, Brian.
99) 13) dialog: Why are you doing this? A beat. Viktor looks at him -
100) 20) text: Viktor continues working. We see now it's a beautiful thr tier FOUNTAIN. In the background and just out of earshot eo Viktor, Karl argues with his boss, LARABEE. The fountain under construction is now the only sign of w still going on in the Terminal.
100) 22) dialog: He's nearly finished.
100) 24) dialog: He's the best worker we've got.
100) 28) dialog: You're a patron of the arts now.
113) 0) text: Gathered around to say good-bye - Mulroy, Enrique, Hector Karl, Daniels, Gupta, Larabee, Pierre. Assorted other air WORKERS, ticketing PEOPLE and Immigration SECRETARIES mil about too. Viktor stands under some balloons and a banner saying 'Bon Voyage' . People come up and congratulate Viktor. He shakes hands smiles...but there's something about his expression that' off.
122) 9) dialog: Nothing. You'd better take a look at this. Karl signals to one of the Puerto Rican workers around th corner --
122) 19) dialog: You're badly fucked-up, Viktor.
130) 9) dialog: appears at the top of another escalator.
130) 10) dialog: You're late, Navorski. Where the hell -- viktor shoots straight past him too. Karl looks back to see Gupta quietly shaking his head, Mu ‘casually' trailing too, trying to figure out what to do next. Karl regards Mulroy, “ON Viktor, then the Guards up ahead He understands. Quietly, inte his radio Ly oe I need a partition 4 i Lies of the Gap. Level three. Gupta, covering Viktor's flank, asl TWO CUSTOMS GUARDS, coming in from a side angle, on a collision course with Viktor. : He expertly scatters a trio of CAUTION - WET FLOOR signs across the concrete like a spread of mines, blocking thei path...