0) 0) text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. A plastic-lo Christmas tree in the corner, incongruous in the stark surroundings. At the far end of the vast hall, Senior Immigration Offic MERCER, and his younger assistant THURMAN, stand on an observation platform, gazing out at the multi-colored sea humanity. The older man leans across to his subordinate, offering h the benefit of all his eighteen years of experience in th Immigration and wets tion Service - When the " @ third world flush, Thurman, all EES comes pouring through those do Thurman nods. % 9 INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - TION LINE. DAY. Close on POLISHED LEATHER SHOES stepping calmly through t doorway into the Arrivals Hall. We move up an inexpensive but exquisitely maintained brow suit, a crisp white shirt and a plain silk tie to find VI NAVORSKI, 40s, bloodshot eyes filled with excitement. Though pushed and shoved like everyone else Viktor remain somehow unruffled, at peace almost, his eyes finding -
2) 0) text: Busy, dark and loud in here. The sound of dogs BARKING. Flanked by the Officials, a bewildered Viktor is led down hallway past several doors, some of them open - A young Chinese MAN shakes with fear. He holds his right hand up in the air and swears an oath to an INTERVIEW OFF while an INTERPRETER translates. 4. poGs rip into the casing of an ARAB COUPLE's luggage whil OFFICERS look on, ignoring the couple's desperate pleas. Viktor looks back down the corridor again, briefly making eye contact with a terrified VIETNAMESE REFUGEE whose bab is taken away from her by a female OFFICER before she's unceremoniously forced into a holding cell. At the far end, Thurman holds open the door for his UV-I. Viktor enters, looking back concerned at the wailing chil
4) 0) text: Viktor's expression is grim. His tie is off and his shirt unbuttoned. It's clear some hours have passed. Viktor approaches the door, hesitates...knocks. No answer He knocks again. iventually, Thurman appears turcugh a window on the door.
7) 0) text: HANDS roughly go through the few simple items in Viktor's bagd...socks...a pair of shoes...plain shirts and ties... toiletries case... : An ALSATIAN DOG sniffs every inch of the bag. The HANDLER pulls the dog off. ii. The Dog licks Viktor's hand, which just for an instant, c the handler pause before he pulis his dog back out the do Thurman zips up Viktor's bag, hands it back to him.
8) 0) text: VIKTOR, flanked by Officials led by Thurman, is led down. another corridor towards a door marked “International Tra lounge, Restricted es INT. INTERNATIONAL nude GE - CONTINUOUS Emerging into the brittle Me of the Terminal, Viktor's immediately and completely “€ a at the scale and t grandeur of it all. To him, ce is like nothing he's ever he's seen before. He stands there frozeN, mouth “Z6 as Thurman outlines the specific parameters of his confinement - THURMAN . This is the International Transit Lounge. You are free to wait in here. (handing him seme food vouchers) These can be redeemed at any of the concession outlets. (pointing) - Beyond those doors - look at them, Mr. Navorski - (he looks} -is American soil. 12.
9) 0) text: Mercer and Thurman observe Viktor from the mezzanine floo above.
10) 0) text: Mercer and Thurman notice Viktor as they finish up coffee on their break. A beat.
12) 0) text: Having finally exhausted his exploration of the upper lev Viktor is faced with a stained plastic curtain at the end a long concourse. A sign apologizes - "Please Excuse Our Appearance During Construction of Our New Wing" Viktor sneaks a look behind the curtain - WORKMEN, overse by their foreman KARL IVERSON, are constructing a new concourse including dozens of additional gates. Viktor studies the workmen, fascinated, gazing towards ce area between the distant cluster of gates - a large cavit in the ground indicating where foundations have yet to be laid.
13) 0) text: The food vouchers in his hand, Viktor moves excitedly pas dizzying array of food concession stands. This is the Uni Nations of cuisine. His attention is suddenly drawn to a frailYOUNG WOMAN sit on an over-stuffed sliitcase, struggling to shut it. Viktor watches for a moyen puts down his vouchers on a nearby tableand goes er.
17) 0) text: ENRIQUE, a diminutive Latin Food Manager carrying some tr of food into the Air France lounge, notes the curious and distraught figure of Viktor wandering past, the Steward ‘following behind to ensure he clears the area.
25) 0) text: Thurman leads Viktor down another corridor. Viktor is cle terrified something awful is about to happen. Thurman ope a door onto a huge hall which looks down onto the baggage claim area below.
25) 2) text: Call my mwa course. Thurman gestures to t. red telephone on a stand, a chair next to it, at the¢fa d of the room. VIKT © Thank you. Gy,
25) 3) text: Viktor walks toward the far end, ee down through the glas at the crush of passengers trying find their bags. Bt the phone, Viktor looks back and sees Thurman still watching him. He forces a smile. He picks up the receiver and dials the number.
29) 0) text: Viktor watches through the ‘glass as FAMILIES are re-unit with their loved ones arriving off long-haul flights - An elderly WOMAN (60s) hugs her slightly younger SISTER. They cry tears of joy. It's been a long time since they s each other. A small BLACK kid, perhaps nine or ten, jumps into his FATEER's arms as he runs out the gate with his beaming MO A blonde GIRL runs into her boyfriend's arms. He lifts he up, her legs wrapping around his waist as they kiss passionately without even saying hello. A CRASHING sound -
32) 1) text: A well-dressed BUSINESSMAN washes his hands at the sink, checking out his reflection in the mirror. Viktor emerges from one of the stalls behind him, wearing white jockey shorts and a T-shirt and brushing his teeth. The man watches’ as Viktor approaches one of the basins a spits into it. The Businessman locks at Vikter, disgusted Viktor offers a toothpaste-lathered smile as an apology.
35) 2) text: Viktor, napkin carefully tucked into his shirt, slurps at his soup. Enrique, the First Class lounge Food Manager, driving his motorized food trolley - whose engine makes an odd whistl sound - notices Viktor, the curious man he saw ejected fr the lounges earlier, eating on the other side of the Food Court . He studies him for a moment, approaches Gupta, who's mopp nearby.
36) 0) text: Karl, the.foreman and hi§\CREW MANAGER make an examinatio with plans, of work to ne . . ¢ GER This section he ae take us till March 30. °
41) 0) text: Viktor waits patiently by a microwave .at.the Heat-your-o Burrito stand. A well-dressed WOMAN, 40s, waits behind hi in line with her burrito. pair of SOCKS. They'r ite dry yet. He smiles at the woman, pops them in for few seconds. He takes them 2 When the oven pings Vi ir ens the door and pulls out a
43) 0) text: In a corner not far from the stained plastic curtain, sev long lines of WORKERS waiting to get their assignments fo the day. Viktor casually joins one of the lines. After a while, he reaches the front. The Crew Manager doesn't bother lookin at him- .
45) 0) text: 2 Viktor, now sporting his new Bae s, walks in. The other WORKERS, many of whom are Pue m, watch him arrive. He waves politely at them 8
49) 0) text: Viktor walks past a row of PAY TV's. As he passes a WOMAN leaves her booth, TV still on.
62) 19) text: a of WALL. He gulps. Karl is arguing loudly the Lo ian, the Crew Manager appears. He looks worried. CREW sora!
66) 0) text: Viktor nears a bank of public phones, each topped with a Plexiglas bubble for privacy. He slows, hearing an agitated WOMAN'S VOICE. As Viktor g closer he realizes she's screaming in rapid-fire Spanish. The argument crescendoes, insults coming fast and furious The Woman finally SLAMS down the phone. We hear a muffled sob. The woman steps out of the bubble. It's Amelia. Tears in eyes. .
67) 0) text: Viktor and the other WORKERS are on a lunch break. The Cr Manager comes round with paychecks. He hands an envelope everyone except Viktor.
78) 6) text: How the hell did you know that? Viktor points to the large cannisters of coffee the man i carrying in plastic bags.
79) 0) text: An overwhelmed airport Attendant beckons to Viktor and ha off a curmudgeonly wheelchair-bound MAN. The man cusses a the appalling service.
88) 0) text: Karl and his crew Manager stand by the hole, looking down
88) 2) text: What the hell's going on? This is just meant to be filled and tiled over. The Crew Manager checks his plans/records.
93) 4) text: (feeling it) They think of everything, the Germans. She kisses him again. Deeply this time. Beautifully...
100) 1) text: Kebakian slides an envelope a oS table to Viktor. MR. KEBAKI. There it is. A weekend pass. You'll be a free man by next Friday. As if suddenly overwhelmed by the spirit of his own large Kebakian looks over at Amelia, smiling -
107) 0) text: Like some sort of science fiction dental waiting room. Th high walls are bright white. The floor is shiny and spotl The simple elegant decor is designed not te offend any parochial sensibility. Viktor kneels on his individual prayer pod - also white - with his eyes closed and hands clasped together. Aman (40s) approaches and kneels down on the prayer pod next to Viktor. After a minute, he glances nervously at Viktor.
107) 2) dialog: Sometimes it hi 3s to talk to someone you're never L to see. again, you know.
107) 4) dialog: I always go to Chur - Years. The man moves almost uncomfortabl ‘lose to Viktor.
107) 6) text: I thought over time she'd learn to love me the way I love her. Now she's leaving. I wanted to make it work, somehow.. .but I couldn't. I don't know... The Man stares into Viktor's eyes.
110) 3) text: But for many thousands across the troubled region the opening of the borders tonight means a chance to once again taste the freedom that has been so unceremoniously denied them for twelve long months. .
112) 0) text: Mulroy pulls a delirious 4 inside. The Barman watches the TV, laughing at the p €éstling on a Morning Talk show °
112) 11) text: What the PR with you, man? Viktor looks up at thi oS.
138) 0) text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. The noisy ch of a hundred different languages - from Swahili tc Waray- Waray and Tajik to Cantonese. At the far end Mercer and Thurman stand on an observation platform, looking down on the multi-colored sea of humani Daniels appears.