20) 0) text: At the far end, Mulroy loads heavy musicians flight cases onto his motorized trolley. Someone tugs at Mulroy's slee
20) 4) dialog: (nearing her) I really don't want to have to repeat myself, Ma-am. The Woman backs away, scared. Viktor walks towards his b the only piece of luggage revolving on the carousel. Mulroy, loading a cart with heavy flight cases, sees Vikt coming. He watches as Viktor pulls his bag off the carous retrieves his toothbrush and puts the bag back on. Straightening, Viktor notices Mulroy staring at him. As Viktor's bag revolves around towards Mulroy, Mulroy li it off the carousel and drops it by his feet. A bizarre kind of Mexican stand-off as Viktor and Mulroy stare at each other. Viktor finally walks to Mulroy, picks up his bag and plac it back on the carousel. Mulroy walks around Viktor and casually takes it off. Viktor walks around Mulroy and cas puts it back on. Mulroy waves his hand, !enough'. He stomps over to a near panel, flicks a switch and the carousel STOPS...Viktor's is just sitting there...
20) 5) dialog: You take the bags off. You don't put ™ them on. &S . It's heavy to er Mulroy approaches Viktor. °
20) 6) dialog: Well, why don't you g espe
20) 8) dialog: It doesn't matter to me whether you're coming or going. I just want this bag off my carousel. Viktor looks at him, finally picks up his bag. Mulroy exi his trolley in tow.
24) 12) dialog: (whispering to his shell- shocked victim) Please don't stand on the carousels. The two Prisoners plead to their captors in Chinese. His Prisoner screaming at him -
26) 0) text: Mulroy takes off his gloves and wipes his sweaty forehead Looking up he notices Viktor in profile through the glass standing by the phone. Daniels, the female Immigration Officer who arrested the Chinese men.and stil? a little sweaty from all the action passes by with a couple of coffees. Mulroy stops her.
26) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah. You too.
37) 0) text: His bag by his side and looking ri er forlorn, Viktor sta at the empty carousels spinning for quite a long time. Mulroy, emerges from behind a door marked "restricted', tossing bags carelessly onto a cart. He sees Viktor at th far end. Mulroy just watches, noting Viktor glancing at h watch every once and a while. Mulroy makes his way over. Viktor sees Mulroy coming, goe back to watching his carousel.
37) 2) dialog: Carousel seven. 32.
37) 4) dialog: ’ Really? Viktor indicates the next carousel.
37) 6) dialog: Eleven. Carousel Eleven.
37) 12) text: A beat. I'll speak eering. Mulroy hurls a bag carele “ay owards his cart, missing it. °
37) 14) dialog: When exactly are you leaving?
37) 16) dialog: One hell of a vacation. The two men regard one another now and as they do some ki ef understanding is reached between them, in the silence. Mulroy subtly gestures to Viktor's bag, then nods to the carousel. ee
51) 5) dialog: watches from around a nearby corner, he's witnessed the w scene.
51) 7) dialog: At eleven.
52) 0) text: Deep in the bowels of the Baggage handling area, conveyor and carousels groaning somewhere in the distance. Mulroy stirs the pot, intermittently singing along to the Loretta Lynn song coming out of the yellow Binatone stere and smoking a matching yellow corn-paper joint as he talk
52) 1) dialog: I've banged them all, man. Every trolley- dolly from J.ereflot to Simbabwe Air. There was one girl-- (MORE)
52) 3) dialog: (a brief faraway look) Aer Lingus. o Viktor sits uncomfortably at a makeshift table in the c a rusted DC 9 wing panel, staring down at enough roach cl to hang a shower curtain.
52) 4) dialog: They're not like normal women, Viktor. They're some kind cf separate breed. Flying back and forth across all those time zones screws with their hormones. Girls just shouldn't be up that high that long. It's unnatural. Trust me, unless you're just in the market for a little fun, stay away, man. Mulroy turns round with a taste on the end of a large coo spoon for Viktor -
52) 5) dialog: Try this. My mother's recipe. Viktor tastes it -
52) 11) dialog: Just the tonic for a man in your predicament. A bang at the door. Enrique appears, wheeling a labrador under a blanket (SCOUT) on a make-shift trolleybehind him He hugs Mulroy, looks at Viktor.
52) 13) dialog: The Air France lounge? sue
52) 15) dialog: :(taking the bottles, to Viktor) Free to those that can't afford it.
53) 3) dialog: He's got a golden nose, this one.
53) 5) dialog: We wheel him past the bags before the first team dogs go in. Scout starts to sniff and grab at a back pack. Mulroy op it, pulls out a small CUCINA DOLL inside, puts it in fron of Scout's nose. He barks. Mulroy twists off the doll's h looks inside, then up at Enrique...Bingo.
54) 2) dialog: A little take-out.
54) 10) dialog: Leave him alone. wee
54) 12) dialog: They'll send him to the Detention Center.
54) 14) dialog: (to Viktor) He can't get you out of here.
54) 22) dialog: He'd freeze to death.
58) 0) text: Mulroy laughing. Viktor's expression, horrified.
58) 3) dialog: I think he's having a heart attack.
60) 0) text: Viktor looks whiter than a sheet. Mulroy is laughing so m how no sound is coming out.
68) 0) text: Vik or, taking some things out cf his bag on the carousel spots Mulroy as he emerges f.om che Baggage claim securit doors at the far end, wearing plain clothes. He looks lik he's on his way home. As Viktor looks up he notices a couple of POLICE OFFICERS casually milling around. Viktor senses something is wrong
68) 2) text: He stands up, sees SCO lulroy's lame Labrador, being put into a cage by two HAND on the other side of a nearby partition. | @ He turns around, his eye hep ng one of the Policemen “mouthing something surrept OMY into a radio as he- discreetly tracks Mulroy ey way across the hall... Viktor hurries towards Mulroy. spots him, smiles.
68) 4) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? Viktor starts to throw a fit.
68) 6) dialog: What?
68) 8) dialog: {pushing back) Damn right, I'm going to fight with you. The policemen watch the exchange, confused.
68) 13) dialog: I never touched you: bag! (whisper, subtly ing) The phones. They begin to move as they push and shove each other --
68) 14) dialog: I£ you've got a complaint, go to Window c. viktor pushes him against the phones.
68) 17) dialog: That's right. Find it yourself. Several policeman, including their bald Sergeant, suddenl surround Mulroy.
68) 18) dialog: What? They start to hustle him away.
68) 19) dialog: What's your problem, Kojak? Moving away from the phones, Viktor sighs with relief. A stares at Viktor, looking over its shoulder as it's led a by the Handler. Viktor suddenly sees Mercer and Thurman walking TOWARDS H He freezes, looks like he wants to die.
70) 1) dialog: emerging from a door across the way, two angry-looking Ai Cops closing the door after him. Mulroy sees Viktor. They stand and stare at each other fo moment, Mulroy finally mouthing the words 'thank you'. Viktor nods back. From above, the two mea, or opposite sides of the busy concourse, walk off in opposite directions.
86) 1) text: Viktor, taking some thi. . sees Mulroy approaching. ‘fo
86) 3) dialog: What am I, a tailor? You need Hector.
86) 5) dialog: Basement .
106) 3) dialog: {taking over, seeing her look of horror) -- It's his first day on the job, ma'am. I'm still training him --
111) 2) dialog: Hey ! Mulroy shakes him awake, smiling.
111) 3) dialog: Get up, Man. Looks like your prayers have been answered ! Bleary-eyed, Viktor looks up at him, puzzled. -
112) 0) text: Mulroy pulls a delirious 4 inside. The Barman watches the TV, laughing at the p €éstling on a Morning Talk show °
112) 1) dialog: {to the barman) Lf Put it on CNN. CD
112) 3) dialog: Change it. The Barman is frightened enough to do so.
112) 9) dialog: shakes Viktor.
112) 10) dialog: Look at them. He sees Viktor's ambivalence -
112) 13) dialog: (hitting him) Get out of my Terminal, you Balkan bastard! The jubilant CHEERS of the locals on TV become the cheers
113) 0) text: Gathered around to say good-bye - Mulroy, Enrique, Hector Karl, Daniels, Gupta, Larabee, Pierre. Assorted other air WORKERS, ticketing PEOPLE and Immigration SECRETARIES mil about too. Viktor stands under some balloons and a banner saying 'Bon Voyage' . People come up and congratulate Viktor. He shakes hands smiles...but there's something about his expression that' off.
115) 0) text: Mulroy waits at the gat, Viktor to appear.
116) 1) text: Mulroy arrives with an empty luggage cart. He looks acros to carousel seven, sees -
118) 0) text: Mulroy ducks behind the curtain to the new wing. He stops the sight of -
118) 2) dialog: I don't understand you, Viktor. A beat. Mulroy closes in, trying to make Viktor face him.
118) 3) dialog: What about your family? Have you thought about them? . Viktor calmly continues with his work, expertly coating t underside of a tricky corner.
118) 5) dialog: Maybe they miss you, Viktor. viktor still won't respond or look at him.
118) 6) dialog: Because I know you miss them.
118) 8) dialog: Look, man, I saw you when you first arrived. You called them. I saw you erying. Finally, Viktor's eyes meet his.
118) 10) dialog: I don't understand... (the memo: replaying in“his mind) .-but I saw Ww Vv! 0! There was no-on line. {looks at Mulroy; No one's waiting fo This is my home. he other end of the
118) 13) dialog: This is an airport.
118) 15) dialog: No, Viktor. Nobody starts a new life in a transit lounge. Everyone hates it here. Because one way or another they know they're stuck. People only work here because they have to. As soon as they've got the chance to get out, they do...because this is an airport, Viktor. (MORE)
118) 17) dialog: (gesturing) Look around, I mean look at the goddam carpet for Christ's sakes, this whole . @ place is a nightmare.
118) 22) text: When I arrived here, I knew I was never going back. Mulroy looks at Viktor, at the fountain he's building...i all starting to make sense.
122) 13) text: (Oo. 8.) The plumbing ike I said. He turns to see Enrique, Gypfa, Mulroy and dozen or so of his co-workers behind him, “qfati ly surrounding him. Lar pushes to the front, offering d to Viktor. A nod of acknowledgement to Vik: fountain -
129) 0) text: CLOSE ON Viktor's black ‘su aC one of on the carousel. Nearby, we hear Mulroy arguing Bh one of his co-workers - MULROY (0: 7s Just take a little more‘eare, Spinks. How would you like it if I did that to your suitcase?
129) 3) dialog: That could be my mother's case.
129) 6) dialog: (spinning instinctively) Don't touch that, it belongs -- He sees VIKTOR all dressed up, grabbing his bag OFF the carousel for the first time.
129) 7) dialog: Viktor, are you okay? Without replying Viktor turns and walks out of the baggag claim area, holding his bag. .
129) 8) dialog: Did you see that? He just tock his bag off the carousel!
130) 0) text: Viktor marches down the middle. of the incredibly long concourse. Hesitating at the top of the escalator a moment, Mulroy watches Viktor pass the Main PARTITION DOORS to his left, heading for the far end where we can just about make out signs for the New Wing's RESTRICTED SECURITY AREA guarded two IMMIGRATION OFFICERS. ‘s 5 ite beginge to play over the PA, softly echoing throughout the concrete concourse -- Le
130) 7) dialog: You think you're just going to walk out of here?
130) 26) dialog: grabs a large TUMI cff Ks Japanese Man's trolley heaves it INTO THE AIR. It smash aight through the CONCOURSE WINDOW causing another 4 & xing the first, to sound. The confused guards, civenind fl ears at the deafening racket, rush over to the smashe plow, looking down at
130) 28) dialog: Just slipped right out of my hands.
133) 0) text: Gupta and Enrique help Mulroy clean up the glass. Looks exchanged. Behind them the Security Guards try and figure out what j happened. They know something did,~they just can't quite their finger on it. A beat. Mulroy addresses his friends -
133) 1) dialog: He was the only one who ever had a chance of getting out of here. The thought resonates. They all stop what they're doing..