10) 7) dialog: Watch it! The Passenger nearly knocks Viktor over into a fake palm tree. - wee 14.
11) 0) text: Muzak version of Bach's ‘Goldberg Variations' echoes thro the hi-tech concourse as Viktor walks past every departme store imaginable - W. H. Smith...Bloomingdale's...Brookstone...Williams Sono Banana Repubhic... Ke slows in front of one}\takes a moment before saying th words - ox fb LS The Gap. f fo An Indian cleaner, GUPTA, mop] arby, registers Viktor, watching as he continues past ty of Duty Free stores advertising remarkable deals on yc sounding perfumes and cutting-edge paim-held electronic ods. viktor stops at one of the windows, intrigued by a giant foot high pack of MERIT CIGARETTES, trying to imagine now they would be smoked. As a puzzled Viktor turns =o continue ahead, Gupta looks away. Now Viktor notices Gupta, watching as passengers trample over his freshly-mopped floor, seemingly oblivious or indifferent to the fact that in a few seconds it will be dirty again. oe 43.
14) 0) text: Tired and hungry, Viktor observes passengers taking their bags off the carousels for a minute. is. He makes sure the coast is clear before dropping his own ONTO THE CAROUSEL.
25) 3) text: Viktor walks toward the far end, ee down through the glas at the crush of passengers trying find their bags. Bt the phone, Viktor looks back and sees Thurman still watching him. He forces a smile. He picks up the receiver and dials the number.
90) 3) dialog: I'll be finished with my book | ina few minutes. This is First Class. Amelia looks at the book he's reading, sees he's got abo thirty pages to go.
90) 5) dialog: (sharp) Is this plane leaving right now? The Man noisily flips the page. She just stands there for moment, considering what to de. Finally -
97) 0) text: Christmas carols pipe out of the Airport PA. A crush of harried PASSENGERS, flight CREWS and Terminal STAFF. The place is absolutely teeming... A drunken SANTA, rings his bell, sipping indiscreetly at flask.
99) 0) text: Enrique delivers trays of festive hot appetizers to the A France lounge. As he drops them on a counter in the kitchen area he sees case of Dom Perignon just sitting there. He stares at the bottles for a moment then up at Pierre, the lounge stewar through the hatch, chatting away with a PASSENGER. Enrique looks back at the bottles, hesitates...then leave
100) 18) text: Leok at what you've done in here. Imagine what you could de outside. She kisses him on the cheek, gets up to go. He watches he leave. At the door she turns back - She disappears into the swarm of PASSENGERS in the main concourse: ' UKRANIANS, IRANIANS, MACEDONIANS, KENYANS, KIWIS... His gaze returns to
104) 0) text: Viktor watches other passengers making their way through immigration channels. He looks down at the pass in his ha It's trembling...finally he joins the line. He's never g near the front of a line in here so quickly. viktor's closer to the doors than he's ever been. Viktor hands OFFICER TORRES his weekend pass. Torres looks over the paperwork, seems surprised that it' bona fide, STAMPS it.
104) 5) dialog: Keep moving, asshole!
105) 1) text: Of the Airport - BAGS spinning on carousels. ..LUGGAGE CA lined up waiting for passengers...individual portions of airline FOOD splurged onto trays on a moving production l
106) 0) text: viktor walks in, it's pandemonium. A fussily-dressed WOMA PASSENGER, holding a box marked 'FRAGILE', is tearing int Mulrey's new Deputy, SPI - 30s, bandana, enough gold-teet to be declared an officz sset. Viktor watches as - es
106) 4) dialog: -- You have tc train him to read the word 'Fragile'? I demand to speak to your supervisor. A beat.
140) 1) text: sae The NOISE of the packed Terminal hits as passengers, in t hurry to make it through here as quickly as possible, str and swirl around him but somehow