0) 0) text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. A plastic-lo Christmas tree in the corner, incongruous in the stark surroundings. At the far end of the vast hall, Senior Immigration Offic MERCER, and his younger assistant THURMAN, stand on an observation platform, gazing out at the multi-colored sea humanity. The older man leans across to his subordinate, offering h the benefit of all his eighteen years of experience in th Immigration and wets tion Service - When the " @ third world flush, Thurman, all EES comes pouring through those do Thurman nods. % 9 INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - TION LINE. DAY. Close on POLISHED LEATHER SHOES stepping calmly through t doorway into the Arrivals Hall. We move up an inexpensive but exquisitely maintained brow suit, a crisp white shirt and a plain silk tie to find VI NAVORSKI, 40s, bloodshot eyes filled with excitement. Though pushed and shoved like everyone else Viktor remain somehow unruffled, at peace almost, his eyes finding -
1) 4) dialog: —_ {reading from the passport, butchering the name) ~ Mr...Navorski? Would you step this way?
2) 0) text: Busy, dark and loud in here. The sound of dogs BARKING. Flanked by the Officials, a bewildered Viktor is led down hallway past several doors, some of them open - A young Chinese MAN shakes with fear. He holds his right hand up in the air and swears an oath to an INTERVIEW OFF while an INTERPRETER translates. 4. poGs rip into the casing of an ARAB COUPLE's luggage whil OFFICERS look on, ignoring the couple's desperate pleas. Viktor looks back down the corridor again, briefly making eye contact with a terrified VIETNAMESE REFUGEE whose bab is taken away from her by a female OFFICER before she's unceremoniously forced into a holding cell. At the far end, Thurman holds open the door for his UV-I. Viktor enters, looking back concerned at the wailing chil
4) 0) text: Viktor's expression is grim. His tie is off and his shirt unbuttoned. It's clear some hours have passed. Viktor approaches the door, hesitates...knocks. No answer He knocks again. iventually, Thurman appears turcugh a window on the door.
4) 1) dialog: (a smile) Be patient, Mr. Navorski. The window slams shut. - tee Viktor just stands there for a moment.
7) 0) text: HANDS roughly go through the few simple items in Viktor's bagd...socks...a pair of shoes...plain shirts and ties... toiletries case... : An ALSATIAN DOG sniffs every inch of the bag. The HANDLER pulls the dog off. ii. The Dog licks Viktor's hand, which just for an instant, c the handler pause before he pulis his dog back out the do Thurman zips up Viktor's bag, hands it back to him.
7) 3) dialog: I don't think you fully comprehended what Mr. Mercer said, Mr. Navorski. You have to wait.
8) 0) text: VIKTOR, flanked by Officials led by Thurman, is led down. another corridor towards a door marked “International Tra lounge, Restricted es INT. INTERNATIONAL nude GE - CONTINUOUS Emerging into the brittle Me of the Terminal, Viktor's immediately and completely “€ a at the scale and t grandeur of it all. To him, ce is like nothing he's ever he's seen before. He stands there frozeN, mouth “Z6 as Thurman outlines the specific parameters of his confinement - THURMAN . This is the International Transit Lounge. You are free to wait in here. (handing him seme food vouchers) These can be redeemed at any of the concession outlets. (pointing) - Beyond those doors - look at them, Mr. Navorski - (he looks} -is American soil. 12.
8) 3) dialog: Any attempt to pass through those doors or to enter the United States through any other means will result in your immediate arrest and confinement in the Detention Ceuter. Viktor's hand is trembling with fear.
8) 4) dialog: (noticing) Don't worry, Mr. Navorski. . (ominous) We know men OS are. . Viktor watches Thurmal ro ar through the door again. He finally turns - >
9) 0) text: Mercer and Thurman observe Viktor from the mezzanine floo above.
10) 0) text: Mercer and Thurman notice Viktor as they finish up coffee on their break. A beat.
10) 1) dialog: He's been sitting there for three hours.
10) 3) dialog: What's he supposed to do? A beat.
24) 15) dialog: Come with me, Mr. Navorski. Viktor, panicked, watches Mercer go, worried he may final have pushed Mercer too far.
25) 0) text: Thurman leads Viktor down another corridor. Viktor is cle terrified something awful is about to happen. Thurman ope a door onto a huge hall which looks down onto the baggage claim area below.
25) 1) dialog: Since you don't have any U.S. .currency, Mr. Mercer says you can call home. Teil your family what's going on. After a moment - . —
25) 2) text: Call my mwa course. Thurman gestures to t. red telephone on a stand, a chair next to it, at the¢fa d of the room. VIKT © Thank you. Gy,
25) 3) text: Viktor walks toward the far end, ee down through the glas at the crush of passengers trying find their bags. Bt the phone, Viktor looks back and sees Thurman still watching him. He forces a smile. He picks up the receiver and dials the number.
68) 20) dialog: What's going on, Navorski? We haven't seen you at th@\counter in days. ee (sweating Busy. 2
68) 21) dialog: {neticing the s What's wrong? Too hot re for you? Cause we can certainly the heat up. A beat. They walk away.
138) 0) text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. The noisy ch of a hundred different languages - from Swahili tc Waray- Waray and Tajik to Cantonese. At the far end Mercer and Thurman stand on an observation platform, looking down on the multi-colored sea of humani Daniels appears.