0) 0) text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. A plastic-lo Christmas tree in the corner, incongruous in the stark surroundings. At the far end of the vast hall, Senior Immigration Offic MERCER, and his younger assistant THURMAN, stand on an observation platform, gazing out at the multi-colored sea humanity. The older man leans across to his subordinate, offering h the benefit of all his eighteen years of experience in th Immigration and wets tion Service - When the " @ third world flush, Thurman, all EES comes pouring through those do Thurman nods. % 9 INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - TION LINE. DAY. Close on POLISHED LEATHER SHOES stepping calmly through t doorway into the Arrivals Hall. We move up an inexpensive but exquisitely maintained brow suit, a crisp white shirt and a plain silk tie to find VI NAVORSKI, 40s, bloodshot eyes filled with excitement. Though pushed and shoved like everyone else Viktor remain somehow unruffled, at peace almost, his eyes finding -
0) 2) text: stands proudly behind, framed perfectly, her incandescent grandeur set against an immaculate azure sky. Viktor is exuberant. He moves toward it... But his smile starts to fade as he realizes there's no wa no gigantic monument, no city...it's just an elaborate mo of New York.
0) 4) dialog: Thank you for having me. The bemused Guard shakes Viktor's hand, glancing at his colleague - Gi I said step 26S in. Viktor steps back, a litle tated. As the line moves past rows /6fo identical counters Vikto catches a glimpse of the dist. eting area through several sets of swinging double doors. ©
1) 0) text: VIKTOR reaches the front of the long line and hands his passport to an OFFICER.
1) 9) dialog: Pleasure. As Viktor follows Thurman, the other officials fall in be him.
2) 0) text: Busy, dark and loud in here. The sound of dogs BARKING. Flanked by the Officials, a bewildered Viktor is led down hallway past several doors, some of them open - A young Chinese MAN shakes with fear. He holds his right hand up in the air and swears an oath to an INTERVIEW OFF while an INTERPRETER translates. 4. poGs rip into the casing of an ARAB COUPLE's luggage whil OFFICERS look on, ignoring the couple's desperate pleas. Viktor looks back down the corridor again, briefly making eye contact with a terrified VIETNAMESE REFUGEE whose bab is taken away from her by a female OFFICER before she's unceremoniously forced into a holding cell. At the far end, Thurman holds open the door for his UV-I. Viktor enters, looking back concerned at the wailing chil
3) 0) text: Viktor sits in silence for several long beats. The door o Mercer appears. Viktor stands to attention, knocking his chair back.
3) 3) text: Viktor smiles awkwardly. antly -
3) 6) dialog: Vacation. A beat.
3) 8) dialog: Yes...I did. Mercer glances at Thurman.
3) 9) text: Where are you staying? Do you have relatives here? Viktor reaches into his breast pocket and pulls out an envelope. He opens it, hands the paper inside to Mercer w reads it.
3) 16) dialog: Hotel. 6. Mercer gestures for Viktor to take out the money in the s envelope. Viktor does, marks the amount down.
3) 18) dialog: Food. For food. viktor opens the final envelope, retrieves a Single bill. Mercer looks at him -
3) 19) dialog: Entertainment.
3) 21) dialog: That's mine -
3) 24) text: Sterile in here, a single row of seats, a water dispenser no windows. A second door indicates a restroom beyond. Viktor takes off his coat, folds it neatly across one of chairs and sits down. He looks around, taking in his blan surroundings. His fingers tap nervously on the table.
4) 0) text: Viktor's expression is grim. His tie is off and his shirt unbuttoned. It's clear some hours have passed. Viktor approaches the door, hesitates...knocks. No answer He knocks again. iventually, Thurman appears turcugh a window on the door.
5) 1) dialog: (still getting w Ye Thank you very much. CD Viktor sits down, rips the Saran and bites into his tuna salad sandwich. He relishes every single mouthful.
6) 0) text: Yawning, Viktor cleans stains off his topcoat with the Sa from the sandwich. He's so exhausted he nearly falls asle doing it. He shakes himself awake, returns to the door, knocking on more insistently this time. Nothing. He knocks again. Silence. Resigned to his situation at least for the moment, Vikto returns to his seat and fashions his coat into a pillow. However the chair back ish't high enough and the 'pillow' slips down causing Viktor's head to tilt forward awkwardl to accommodate it. Laying the pillow on the armrest now, Viktor attempts to squeeze his whole body sideways into the chair. It's an impossible contortion. Exasperated, he sits back in the chair again and tries ev other imaginable position, each less successful than the last. .
6) 5) dialog: I don't understand -
6) 7) dialog: ..- What? ” MERCER Fortunately, no resistance was offered. There were no casualties. Viktor’ gs shock turns to bewilderment.
6) 8) dialog: Invaded? Who?
6) 10) dialog: I am going back.
6) 12) dialog: So I must wait in New York -- - MERCER . -- unfortunate I can't allow you to enter the Uni} tates at this time either.
6) 16) dialog: So, what you are telling me is...I cannot go... :
6) 18) dialog: ...and I cannot stay.
7) 0) text: HANDS roughly go through the few simple items in Viktor's bagd...socks...a pair of shoes...plain shirts and ties... toiletries case... : An ALSATIAN DOG sniffs every inch of the bag. The HANDLER pulls the dog off. ii. The Dog licks Viktor's hand, which just for an instant, c the handler pause before he pulis his dog back out the do Thurman zips up Viktor's bag, hands it back to him.
7) 1) dialog: Thank you. Viktor, smiling, pulls out the envelope with his hotel de inside.
7) 2) dialog: Now, can you please tell me where to get the bus for Manhattan? A beat. Thurman half-smiles, glancing to his colleague.
8) 0) text: VIKTOR, flanked by Officials led by Thurman, is led down. another corridor towards a door marked “International Tra lounge, Restricted es INT. INTERNATIONAL nude GE - CONTINUOUS Emerging into the brittle Me of the Terminal, Viktor's immediately and completely “€ a at the scale and t grandeur of it all. To him, ce is like nothing he's ever he's seen before. He stands there frozeN, mouth “Z6 as Thurman outlines the specific parameters of his confinement - THURMAN . This is the International Transit Lounge. You are free to wait in here. (handing him seme food vouchers) These can be redeemed at any of the concession outlets. (pointing) - Beyond those doors - look at them, Mr. Navorski - (he looks} -is American soil. 12.
8) 1) dialog: American soil? ‘THURMAN Yes. Restricted.
9) 0) text: Mercer and Thurman observe Viktor from the mezzanine floo above.
9) 1) dialog: sits on a seat very near the door. his single case on his knees, his hands resting on the case. He watches the imno doors in the distance and the cameras everywhere. 13.
10) 0) text: Mercer and Thurman notice Viktor as they finish up coffee on their break. A beat.
10) 9) dialog: stands amidst a group of late-night TRAVELLERS staring up the Arrivals/Departures board, looking very lost and alon As flights are cancelled, delayed or given the go-ahead t board, groups of passengers arrive and depart. The only constant is Viktor. He turns around again, confused, unsure of which directio to take.
11) 0) text: Muzak version of Bach's ‘Goldberg Variations' echoes thro the hi-tech concourse as Viktor walks past every departme store imaginable - W. H. Smith...Bloomingdale's...Brookstone...Williams Sono Banana Repubhic... Ke slows in front of one}\takes a moment before saying th words - ox fb LS The Gap. f fo An Indian cleaner, GUPTA, mop] arby, registers Viktor, watching as he continues past ty of Duty Free stores advertising remarkable deals on yc sounding perfumes and cutting-edge paim-held electronic ods. viktor stops at one of the windows, intrigued by a giant foot high pack of MERIT CIGARETTES, trying to imagine now they would be smoked. As a puzzled Viktor turns =o continue ahead, Gupta looks away. Now Viktor notices Gupta, watching as passengers trample over his freshly-mopped floor, seemingly oblivious or indifferent to the fact that in a few seconds it will be dirty again. oe 43.
12) 0) text: Having finally exhausted his exploration of the upper lev Viktor is faced with a stained plastic curtain at the end a long concourse. A sign apologizes - "Please Excuse Our Appearance During Construction of Our New Wing" Viktor sneaks a look behind the curtain - WORKMEN, overse by their foreman KARL IVERSON, are constructing a new concourse including dozens of additional gates. Viktor studies the workmen, fascinated, gazing towards ce area between the distant cluster of gates - a large cavit in the ground indicating where foundations have yet to be laid.
13) 0) text: The food vouchers in his hand, Viktor moves excitedly pas dizzying array of food concession stands. This is the Uni Nations of cuisine. His attention is suddenly drawn to a frailYOUNG WOMAN sit on an over-stuffed sliitcase, struggling to shut it. Viktor watches for a moyen puts down his vouchers on a nearby tableand goes er.
13) 4) dialog: Don't mention it. viktor smiles, watches her wheel the jumbo-sized American Tourister away. He turns back to the table - The food vouchers are gone. He checks the floor nearby. Nothing.
14) 0) text: Tired and hungry, Viktor observes passengers taking their bags off the carousels for a minute. is. He makes sure the coast is clear before dropping his own ONTO THE CAROUSEL.
15) 0) text: Viktor walks the plush-carpeted corridor that links all t first class lounges. Outside the Alitalia lounge Viktor hears the POP of a champagne cork. He jumps, slightly unnerved. Viktor moves through the glass doors but as they slide op for him a frosty-looking HOSTESS - smoking her Muratti Ambassadori with surprising aggression - stops him.
16) 0) text: Viktor watches rather VW y from the hallway, soaking up the smell that wafts out<wh lounge DOORS slide open. ANCH ww } Although at the mom ails of the invasion are unclea: ZO) Pricking up, Viktor moves closer playing on the TV in the corner - watch the CNN report
16) 2) dialog: (to himself) - My country. 17. Only managing to hear the television as the glass doors o for people coming in or out, Viktor hears the report in maddeningly short bursts:
16) 5) dialog: face pressed to the glass, strains to hear as the doors c He steps on the mat to open them again -
16) 9) text: Lounge STEWARD kicks Viktor's foot out of the way -
17) 0) text: ENRIQUE, a diminutive Latin Food Manager carrying some tr of food into the Air France lounge, notes the curious and distraught figure of Viktor wandering past, the Steward ‘following behind to ensure he clears the area.
18) 0) text: Viktor stands at the LOCKED DOORS to the Immigration area He sighs.
19) 0) text: All the stores are locked up too. There's hardly anyone a except a few CLEANERS buffing the floors or hauling huge trash containers behind tiny transportation trucks. Viktor takes the esualater down to the baggage claim area
20) 7) dialog: I just arrived. Mulroy indicates Viktor's bag -
20) 9) dialog: Sorry. “ue
21) 0) text: Viktor, carrying his bag and looking tired, walks past th gates under construction that seem to stretch off into
21) 1) text: The higher the gate number, the greater the evidence of construction work - scaffolding, painting equipment, electrical drilis, heavy tools. Viktor stops at the last one.
22) 0) text: Viktor walks up to the netew, holding his badly cricked neck. An Immigration 4 OFFICER TORRES, is already shuffling papers behind e dow. Viktor smiles, offering his Coe
22) 1) dialog: Good morning. CD Staring at him all the time, Officer Torres casually plac a small placard between them which reads ‘Back in half an hour' and sharply pulls down the window shade.
22) 2) dialog: Hello? Hello? Silence.
23) 0) text: Viktor stands in a long line waiting. After a while he .s the front. “ae
23) 1) dialog: I should speak to Mr. Mercer. The female Officer, busy with paperwork, doesn't look at
23) 3) dialog: I am Viktor Navorski. I must talk to --
23) 6) dialog: Waits patiently in the long line. Finally he reaches the front. Officer Torres looks at him.
23) 8) dialog: I was told you coul e.
23) 12) dialog: Where do I get the green form? He looks Viktor over. eee
23) 15) dialog: No. Please!
24) 0) text: Viktor waits with his case on his knees, his hands over h case, waiting in the waiting room. The clock on the wall reads 6.15. A door opens, MERCER, appears. Viktor chases after him.
24) 1) dialog: When can I leave? Mercer keeps walking.
24) 8) dialog: watches, rapt, as the Men near him and Mercer, pursued by dozen
24) 14) dialog: watches, frightened. Mercer gestures to Thurman who's nearby. He whispers some into Thurman's ear, walks out past Viktor.
25) 0) text: Thurman leads Viktor down another corridor. Viktor is cle terrified something awful is about to happen. Thurman ope a door onto a huge hall which looks down onto the baggage claim area below.
25) 3) text: Viktor walks toward the far end, ee down through the glas at the crush of passengers trying find their bags. Bt the phone, Viktor looks back and sees Thurman still watching him. He forces a smile. He picks up the receiver and dials the number.
26) 0) text: Mulroy takes off his gloves and wipes his sweaty forehead Looking up he notices Viktor in profile through the glass standing by the phone. Daniels, the female Immigration Officer who arrested the Chinese men.and stil? a little sweaty from all the action passes by with a couple of coffees. Mulroy stops her.
26) 1) text: (gesturing up at Viktor) What's his deal?
26) 4) dialog: mumbles into the phone, a single tear runs down his cheek Mulroy watches. Shaking his head again at "these kind of people’, Mulroy puts his gloves back on and resumes working, grabbing bag off the packed carousel and lining them up -on.the floor. After a while Mulroy looks up again but, Viktor's gone... receiver dangles off the>hook. INT. INTERNATIONAL TE: eo MMIGRATION AREA - HOURS LATER Immigration OFFICERS. have Jperiess New Years eve party - ce a quick drink and perfunctogg t before they toss their plastic cups and put their costs) There's a TV on in there too - LARK speaks excitedly into his mic, overlooking the CRO in Times Square.
27) 0) text: Viktor sits on the seats and stares out at the runways. A AIR INDIA 747 is taking off. Viktor watches the plane arc into the starry winter sky. He looks at his watch. It's just after eleven-thirty.
27) 1) dialog: Late again, Delhi. e 26. He sighs deeply, waiting...and waiting...He looks around gate. Nothing. Not a sound. Viktor can't escape it, he knows he could be here literal forever. Viktor reaches into his pocket, pulls out
29) 0) text: Viktor watches through the ‘glass as FAMILIES are re-unit with their loved ones arriving off long-haul flights - An elderly WOMAN (60s) hugs her slightly younger SISTER. They cry tears of joy. It's been a long time since they s each other. A small BLACK kid, perhaps nine or ten, jumps into his FATEER's arms as he runs out the gate with his beaming MO A blonde GIRL runs into her boyfriend's arms. He lifts he up, her legs wrapping around his waist as they kiss passionately without even saying hello. A CRASHING sound -
29) 3) dialog: Flight two-fifteen. Gate twenty four.
29) 5) dialog: This area in particular, from the gift shop to the courtesy phones, is the most slippery. They mop twice. She regards him briefly.
29) 7) dialog: I don't know. I can find out. He helps her up.
29) 8) dialog: May I suggest sensible heels? Payless Shoe Center Level three. She nalf-smiles, nods, takes off her shoes and starts run towards her gate - . AMELIA . (shouting back) - Thanks in (after he “ZS, Don't run. fo ° He watches her disappear aro rner, turns to see GUPTA cD the cleaner he first saw at the food court, mopping nearb while listening to loud Hindi MUSIC through badly taped-u headphones. Viktor approaches, noticing the ‘WET FLOOR - CAUTION' sig still on his cart.
29) 9) dialog: (the signs) You should put those out so people don't . Slip. Gupta can't hear what Viktor's saying. He takes off his headphones -
29) 10) text: I said you should put those out so people don't slip. Gupta just stares at him...then offers Viktor the mop.
29) 11) dialog: No, thank you. Gupta's accent is Pukkah-British -
29) 13) dialog: How long have you worked here? Gupta looks Viktor over once again.
29) 17) dialog: What's it like there? <a
30) 0) text: En route to "bed', Viktor slows at Gate Thirty, noting th stacked cans of PAINT under plastic. He looks around to c the coast is clear. Viktor peels the plastic back to get a better look at the cans. Unused BRUSHES too. viktor considers the peeling far wall. He takes off his t shirt, jacket and trousers and folds them neatly in a pil Without so much as a second thought, Viktor lifts a nearb LADDER off the ground, flips it up and leans it against t wall. Using the edge of a large coin, Viktor pops the lid the paint, dips one of the brushes in and climbs up the ladder. Viktor starts painting. He works carefully and exactly.
31) 0) text: On Viktor's FEET. The ladder is further along now, half t wall alréady painted. -
31) 6) text: Viktor climbs down to wrapped in paint-spia underclothes. He resemb Fashion experiment (faileé fresh can of paint. He's now astic, to protect his kind of French Avant Garde ° . INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, eB) IRTY - DAWN Looking tired but happy, Viktor $i up his ladder to go. am At the door, he turns back to a his perfectly painted wall. He smiles to himself.
32) 1) text: A well-dressed BUSINESSMAN washes his hands at the sink, checking out his reflection in the mirror. Viktor emerges from one of the stalls behind him, wearing white jockey shorts and a T-shirt and brushing his teeth. The man watches’ as Viktor approaches one of the basins a spits into it. The Businessman locks at Vikter, disgusted Viktor offers a toothpaste-lathered smile as an apology.
33) 0) text: A stray luggage cart parked at an angle in the middle of concourse. Passing by, Viktor politely returns it to a ne machine. The machine's refund mechanism unexpectedly spit QUARTER back out. Viktor looks around, pockets it.
34) 0) text: viktor's HAND, full of — again he walks past the multi-colored storefronts di ing various National flags, smelling the air, pleased confused at the multitud of aromatic options.
35) 0) text: TWO BOWLS of hot minestrone on a moving tray, Viktor load on dozens of crackers on the way to the register, where h hands over his coins. The CASHIER glances az the crackers, then witheringly up Viktor, slides the next tray up.
35) 2) text: Viktor, napkin carefully tucked into his shirt, slurps at his soup. Enrique, the First Class lounge Food Manager, driving his motorized food trolley - whose engine makes an odd whistl sound - notices Viktor, the curious man he saw ejected fr the lounges earlier, eating on the other side of the Food Court . He studies him for a moment, approaches Gupta, who's mopp nearby.
35) 11) text: drinks the last of his soup, oblivious to the fact that h being watched. He puts down the bowl, tries to smile but he's still famished. viktor looks up - A FAMILY OF FOUR finishes a dinner of Chinese food at a nearby table. The YOUNGEST, who's cryin hasn't even touched his burger and Fries. Viktor stares a the untouched meal longingly. Finally, the family gets up leave. Viktor rises, instinctively MOVING TOWARD the table when BUSBOY appears out of nowhere and scoops up the all the t including the untouched burger - and throws it away. Vikt can't believe it.
36) 5) dialog: te appears, quietly follows them inside, excitedly anticipat the positive reaction to his work.
36) 11) dialog: crestfallen, disappears out “Oy.
37) 0) text: His bag by his side and looking ri er forlorn, Viktor sta at the empty carousels spinning for quite a long time. Mulroy, emerges from behind a door marked "restricted', tossing bags carelessly onto a cart. He sees Viktor at th far end. Mulroy just watches, noting Viktor glancing at h watch every once and a while. Mulroy makes his way over. Viktor sees Mulroy coming, goe back to watching his carousel.
37) 1) dialog: I was noticing this carousel here.
37) 3) dialog: Yes. She takes fifty-eight seconds to go in one circle.
37) 5) dialog: And this one here.
37) 7) dialog: Eleven, yes. She takes longer. Seventy seconds. And they're the same size. Mulroy stares at him, unimpressed.
37) 11) dialog: I think there's a problem with the ball bearings.
37) 13) dialog: Why de you throw the They belong to the passengers.
37) 15) dialog: Any time. I'm on vacation. A beat.
37) 17) text: Just for the moment. Viktor drops his bag on the carousel.
37) 18) dialog: (after him} Thank you. Walking away and without looking back, Mulroy raises his to Viktor and disappears through the doors into the secur Baggage Claim Area.
38) 0) text: Viktor is in the 'Home Computing and Electronics’ section He refers to a simple guide to home electronics, copying diagram from an open page onto a food court napkin. Viktor puts the book back on the shelf, turns -
38) 7) text: Viktor finds himself fx the spot, unable to blink even, entranced by her um ed beauty, her calm, her complete lack of self-consci “Or +
38) 10) dialog: Better. Sensible heels.
38) 16) dialog: Why Napoleon?
38) 19) dialog: After defeat at Waterloo, Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba. He felt the only noble thing to do was commit suicide. (beat) But because he considered himself to be superhuman he took six times the lethal dose of poison. He looks up. She's listening -
38) 20) dialog: The amount was so huge his body rejected it immediately. He didn't die. In the end, you see, it was his ego that saved him... SB. A long beat.
38) 23) dialog: I'm here all the time. She smiles, moving a little closer. Nervous, Viktor begins taking random travel books off a n shelf.
38) 30) dialog: {clutching an armful of books) I...just can't decide. She takes them out of his hands one by one, sorts through them.
38) 31) text: Not this one. Forget this. A total rip off... _ (she chooses one) @ * This series is pretty reliable. She drops it in Viktor's hand. . VIKTOR . Thank you. He looks down at -
38) 34) dialog: (moving behind a nervously) ©) he. She's got a flight to on
38) 39) dialog: Right. He leaves.
39) 0) text: Viktor returns to see a foil-covered white plastic TRAY waiting by his 'bed'. He pulls back the foil - A roll. A miniature salad. A tasty-looking miniature crum cake. Under a second layer of feil, some kind of undeterminable frozen chicken. The name embossed onto the sealed napkin pouch -~- KLM economy. Next to it is a Britis ipways First class travel kit. Viktor looks around the gat t's completely empty. VIKT ° Hello? bs Xo Open and laid out. Viktor, eating his salad, excitedly tr out or plays with each of the following items: Silver razor...mini shave foam...perfumed towelettes...ear plugs. ..eye-shades...lip balm...mini-cologne soft- spray...pencil and paper...toothbrush and toothpaste..-.n file...scissors...needle and thread.
40) 0) text: Viktor, now in his pajamas, and munching on the crumb cak stands. by the circuit box on the wall. mae We notice there are several more scratches on it, indicat the passing of the days. He pries opens the box and referring to the diagram he ma on the napkin in the bookstore, fiddles with the wires in After a few aborted attempts - lights turning on and off over various parts of the gate - the overhead light direc above Viktor's ‘bed’ goes out. . Moments later, Viktor is lying down in his bed, his coat over him, smiling. A long shot of the abandoned gate, well-lit except for th area around Viktor's ‘bed', shrouded in darkness.
41) 0) text: Viktor waits patiently by a microwave .at.the Heat-your-o Burrito stand. A well-dressed WOMAN, 40s, waits behind hi in line with her burrito. pair of SOCKS. They'r ite dry yet. He smiles at the woman, pops them in for few seconds. He takes them 2 When the oven pings Vi ir ens the door and pulls out a
42) 0) text: Viktor reaches the head of the line. He slides his filled out immigration form across the counter. Officer Torres doesn't even bother to leok at it, matter- factly stamps ENTRY DENIED across it.
43) 0) text: In a corner not far from the stained plastic curtain, sev long lines of WORKERS waiting to get their assignments fo the day. Viktor casually joins one of the lines. After a while, he reaches the front. The Crew Manager doesn't bother lookin at him- .
43) 2) dialog: Navorski, Viktor. He checks his list.
43) 4) dialog: I'm new.
43) 6) dialog: Painter. Mason. Plumber He looks Viktor over again. ‘CREW MANAGER {to himsel£) Great. A jerk of all trades.
43) 7) dialog: (straining to hear) Excuse me?
43) 9) dialog: (hesitant) I heard Harry --
43) 11) dialog: (hesitant) No.
43) 13) dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much. . Fei
44) 0) text: Viktor emerges carryin oS of pressed white overalls and a hat.
45) 0) text: 2 Viktor, now sporting his new Bae s, walks in. The other WORKERS, many of whom are Pue m, watch him arrive. He waves politely at them 8
45) 1) dialog: Hello. . They ignore him, turning back to their work. Viktor spots the brushes and paint in the corner. Helping himself he m his way over to the far side of the gate where no-one els is working.
46) 0) text: Viktor's wall is only half-painted. Viktor turns to see t other workers packing up for the day. Their walls are alr finished. a4. Viktor turns back to his work. He conzinues slowly, caref exactly.
47) 0) text: Exhausted after his first day at work, Viktor - now chang back into his suit - walks through the concourse. Enrique's food trolley, its engine still making the stran whistling noise, drives straight past him. Viktor turns, sniffs the air. He follows Enrique's trolley.
48) 0) text: Enrique takes a hot tray of appetizers from a compartment his food trolley and hands it to a waiting BA catering WO Ke sees Viktor standing there.
48) 1) dialog: Thank you for dinner. And toothpaste. A very long beat. Enrique scrutinizes him. - —
48) 3) dialog: I liked it. Thank you.
48) 8) dialog: No. I leave any day now, -
49) 0) text: Viktor walks past a row of PAY TV's. As he passes a WOMAN leaves her booth, TV still on.
50) 0) text: Viktor, in his pajamas now and ready for bed is at the ci box by the wall. He makes another groove in the wall with his coin. There are dozens. Viktor's expression, realizing it's not going to be "any now."
50) 2) text: A TICKET GIRL, sits b abandoned desk, looks out at the empty Terminal, ya’ : checks her watch, leaves. Viktor appears, casually wa¥Kk= t the desk before ducking behind it. OY, - HANDS ruffle through a drawer - om stickers, forms, a book of ticket stubs, slam it shut- A SECOND DRAWER - a list of employees. Viktor's hands nervously flick through it. The title at the top "Ground Staff'. . A THIRD DRAWER - Viktor finds another list of employees - ‘JFK Flight staff schedules’. He hurriedly pores down the list.
50) 3) dialog: Sanchez Amelia...Sanchez Amelia... Sanchez Amelia... mre His fingers track down each name on the list, finally fin
50) 5) dialog: (reading her full name aloud from the card) Amelia Luisa Sanchez. Across from it...her exact schedule.
51) 0) text: Viktor waits for the flight crews emerging from a tunnel. From the tunnel opposite, Viktor practices timing his wal to coincide with the arriving crews. He sees Amelia appear. Refolding his monogrammed handkerc in his top pocket and quickly cdjusting his tie, Viktor g his best impersonation of a "frequent-flyer" as he moves towards her. But it's not her...just a flight attendant who looks very similar.
51) 1) dialog: ‘Sorry. es Viktor returns to his position. He waits. Finally he sees Ge
51) 4) dialog: crushed, watches them leave. . Amelia and Max laugh and joke, kissing again, unable to k their hands off each other. oe ® Viktor, dejected, starts walking back home across the concourse.
51) 6) dialog: continues ahead. MULROY (©. S. } We're flying tonight. Viktor turns to see where the whisper is coming from, see Mulroy standing there.
51) 8) dialog: (approaching) Flying?
51) 9) text: Air Jamaica. Viktor, puzzled. Just meet me in O Carousel Six. He disappears.
52) 10) text: you. pulls out a huge BONG made of piping, drops it in front of Viktor. Viktor examines it, worried. QD
52) 16) dialog: You stole them? Enrique feigns shock.
53) 0) text: The room is filled with thick Marijuana smoke from the superbong. The champagne bottles are empty too. Viktor lo uncomfortable, almost like he wants to leave but is frigh to excuse himself. He reaches down to pe g again, noting the braces on both his hind legs this «ime
54) 0) text: Viktor watches as Enrique reaches down to the barrel hang off Scout's collar and pulls out two large bags of weed.
54) 3) dialog: (watching Mulroy pack the weed away) What if they catch you? ~~
54) 6) text: 's face. Viktor is beginning to He exhales right into via z is eyes are beginning to change. look rather pale. He Ye No-one checks the (Bag e handlers’ baggage. It's an ansgese Zp rule.
54) 8) dialog: Any day now. Viktor begins eating Mulroy's 'stew'. For some reason, it doesn't seem to taste that bad anymore.
54) 16) dialog: How?
54) 20) dialog: No.
58) 0) text: Mulroy laughing. Viktor's expression, horrified.
59) 0) text: Strapped down on the gurney, Viktor has electrodes attach te every part of his body. PARAMEDIC ONE “reads off the monitors.
60) 0) text: Viktor looks whiter than a sheet. Mulroy is laughing so m how no sound is coming out.
60) 1) dialog: {calmly crawling off, hoarse) Thank you for a lovely evening. Enrique and Mulroy high five.
62) 0) text: Viktor, looking worse for wear, and the other workers eme from the hut in their overalls, ready to begin on the nex gate.
62) 6) text: Come on, I'm sure we'd all love to know who's responsible for such beautiful work. Viktor, finally overcoming his humility, steps forward.
62) 8) dialog: Viktor. Karl approaches, his smile suddenly dropping -
62) 12) dialog: I can do the best job...quicker. A long beat.
62) 14) text: Karl leads Viktor into the abandoned gate, trailed by the other workers.
62) 16) dialog: The whole gate?
63) 0) text: The clock on the wall reads ten minutes to one. Viktor si calmly in the middle of the room finishing a TWA children fish supper. vee Karl and Brian arrive. Karl can hardly believe his eyes. viktor's not only painted everything perfectly, he's fini the moulding on the base as well. A beat.
64) 0) text: Returning from work, Viktor walks across the main concour People are starting to recognize him. DUSTY, A sandy-haired airlines purser approaches, handing viktor a Continental Club Class travel kit.
64) 3) dialog: I'm Sorry. Thank you.
66) 0) text: Viktor nears a bank of public phones, each topped with a Plexiglas bubble for privacy. He slows, hearing an agitated WOMAN'S VOICE. As Viktor g closer he realizes she's screaming in rapid-fire Spanish. The argument crescendoes, insults coming fast and furious The Woman finally SLAMS down the phone. We hear a muffled sob. The woman steps out of the bubble. It's Amelia. Tears in eyes. .
66) 10) dialog: Three of you. Crowded. She laughs, looks at him -
66) 12) dialog: ...I'm delayed.
66) 15) dialog: Building.
66) 17) dialog: I travel between one building and another building...building. International building. Yes. {glancing nervously at his watch} I'd better get to my gate. As he gets up to leave, she watches him. Viktor turns back. He wants to say something...but he can He continues on his way.
66) 21) dialog: I don't want to get you into any trouble. A beat.
67) 0) text: Viktor and the other WORKERS are on a lunch break. The Cr Manager comes round with paychecks. He hands an envelope everyone except Viktor.
67) 3) dialog: It's okay.
67) 4) text: Viktor doesn't seem that Viktor smiles. Well, as soon as you get it. Viktor goes back to his tuna salad sandwich. - Karl caught the exchange. He approaches, reaches into his pocket, stuffs a couple o bills into Viktor's top overall pocket.
67) 6) text: (reluctantly) ...¥ou're a good worker, Viktor. eo Karl leaves. Viktor pulls out the two twenty dollar bi + Jooks at them, smiles, takes another bite of his sandwi and wanders over to the
68) 0) text: Vik or, taking some things out cf his bag on the carousel spots Mulroy as he emerges f.om che Baggage claim securit doors at the far end, wearing plain clothes. He looks lik he's on his way home. As Viktor looks up he notices a couple of POLICE OFFICERS casually milling around. Viktor senses something is wrong
68) 2) text: He stands up, sees SCO lulroy's lame Labrador, being put into a cage by two HAND on the other side of a nearby partition. | @ He turns around, his eye hep ng one of the Policemen “mouthing something surrept OMY into a radio as he- discreetly tracks Mulroy ey way across the hall... Viktor hurries towards Mulroy. spots him, smiles.
68) 3) dialog: (angry) a You lost my bag again. ~
68) 5) dialog: Iitve had it with you, Mulroy. (a whisper) They're waiting for you. to
68) 7) text: Fight with me. Viktor pushes him.
68) 9) dialog: Don't push me. (whisper) They know. Mulroy begins to sense the policeman now too.
68) 10) dialog: (whisper) Give it to me. They won't stop me. He pushes Mulroy again.
68) 11) dialog: ~ (angrily) Everything I h$ye in the world is in that bag! - The Policemen are vessnher stir, starting to move casuall towards them now...
68) 15) dialog: Why should I go to window C? You lost my bag. 7
70) 0) text: viktor, still shaken, walks across the teeming main conco Opposite him on the other side is the Airport Police Stat Just as Viktor passes, he sees
71) 0) text: Viktor, yawning, arrives back at the end of a very long d He peels off his overalls and folds them up. He turns to his ‘bed’. There, on the end of it hi onogrammed handkerchief, folde and laundered. On top of elia's biography of Napoleon. o Viktor opens it, inside AN IN ON - ‘For Viktor, in exile Amelia." Down at the bottom in smaller ee - 'P.S. see page
72) 0) text: Perching on metal scaffolding with a mouth full of nails, Viktor hammers in dry-wall. Amelia enters the gate. She looks up, watches Viktor for moment .
72) 4) dialog: (looking away) Io--
72) 8) dialog: I didn't think... (gesturing around the airport, hunting for the words) .. because of...this.
72) 11) dialog: Who told you?
72) 17) text: Viktor looks away. Shé s to climb the scaffolding. (nervously ‘ing, helping her up the Pp) Careful, fresh pain She doesn't care. ZO A beat.
73) 1) text: Munching on slices of pizza, Viktor and Amelia stroll thr the upper concourse. People greet and wave at Viktor as h passes. She seems to enjoy being with him.
73) 2) dialog: Everything you could ever want is right here in the Terminal. (pointing with his slice below them) Five thousand people work on these three levels alone. There are 324 retail outlets, 245 restaurants, a police station, a church, a fire department, a Post Office. Even the FBI and the CIA have offices in the basement.
73) 5) dialog: You see it doesn't ho you are on the outside, everyone Oo go through Customs and Immigration>in here, everyone's equal.
73) 7) dialog: No, don't.
74) 0) text: Amelia and Viktor enter the large room filled with ANIMAL in cages. The noise is intense.
74) 3) dialog: -" °°“ tomorrow they go to the sanctuary in Oslo. ~ They push their pizza in the bars. The birds flock to them, pecking away at ¢ Busts .
74) 6) dialog: I thought I told you. He looks at her, smiles --
74) 7) dialog: I have everything I need right here.
75) 0) text: Amelia stands at the door, Viktor beside her. She glances almost guiltily to the exit.
75) 4) dialog: -- how long?,
75) 6) dialog: Girls just shouldn't be up that high that long. Ame.ia smiles.
75) 7) dialog: So maybe we could --
75) 10) dialog: (after her) Eighty-six hours! On the Board clock, the minute CLICKS over.
76) 0) text: A paint brush paints over the grooves in the wall indicat she months of Viktor's "incarceration" in the airport. Viktor smiles and settles back in bed. He idly constructs beautiful paper airplane - a McDonnel Douglas DC 10, jets and all - made from ‘borrowed’ folded forms from Immigrat
77) 0) text: We follow VIKTOR as he walks through the main concourse. now almost everyone who works.in the Terminal knows him, acknowledging him with a wave or a 'Hello, Viktor.’ As he crosses the floor smiling back at people, it is as the town Mayor is greeting his constituents on the way to City Hall.
78) 0) text: VIKTOR wanders through the Terminal passing beneath the information point sign. Mistaking Viktor's meticulous sui and tie for the uniform of some member of airport personn
78) 2) dialog: igiancing to he ) Sixteen. A young MAN sees Viktor's giving out information. He approaches, doesn't even say a word before -
78) 3) dialog: Eighty-four.
78) 5) dialog: You're visiting friends or relatives in Ho Chi Minh City. The Man is thrown.
78) 6) text: How the hell did you know that? Viktor points to the large cannisters of coffee the man i carrying in plastic bags.
78) 7) dialog: Coffee shortage. Gate Eighty-four.
79) 0) text: An overwhelmed airport Attendant beckons to Viktor and ha off a curmudgeonly wheelchair-bound MAN. The man cusses a the appalling service.
79) 2) dialog: Thank you very much.
80) 0) text: A MOTHER struggles with the coin-slot on the broken motor HORSE her CHILD sits on ing because it won't move. As viktor passes on his ck towards the new wing he kicks the horse in just 2 t place. It begins to rock back and forth... ° The Mother smiles at him. O
81) 0) text: In a good mood, Viktor walks past one of the maintenance rooms, hears the noise of a FIGHT, enters. A pair of CLEANERS, their mops raised, spar viciously wit each other while other CLEANERS surround them, egging the on. As Viktor gets closer he realizes one of the cleaners is Gupta.
81) 1) dialog: What is happening here?
81) 2) text: An old grudge. Ancient rivals from neighboring villages -- back in their homeland. The two men fight viciously. ‘ CLEANER The wound was re-opened because Gupta went to the movies with Sanjay's girlfriend, Pria. Viktor steps forward, moving very close to them. He clear his throat. The cleaners don't even notice him. Viktor clears his throat again, LOUDLY this time. Still, the cleaners go at it with their mops like crazed cocks, oblivious. Finally, and very loudly -
81) 3) text: GENTLEMEN. STOP!...Please. Everyone, including the fighting cleaners, freezes, stunn by Viktor's -uncharacterifgic outburst.
81) 5) text: This is the intéymational Transit lounge. This is a neutral ong> Whatever differences you may in the outside world do not matter Viktor gently takes their mops, them into their buckets and leaves. Everyone stands there, speechless, watching him go...
82) 0) text: Viktor sits in front of the
82) 3) text: A red-faced Viktor, now wearing only his underclothes, jo alongside the people mover. After several strides he reaches across for the bottle of water that keeps pace with him on the moving hand-rail. A bemused maintenance WORKER watches Viktor go by. Viktor waves at him, gasping for breath. The Worker just stares at Viktor.
83) 0) text: .Without breaking stride Viktor jogs up to the window, dr his filled-out immigration card on the counter and keeps rumning in a little circle until Officer Torres has stamp ENTRY DENIED on the card. He grabs it again and jogs away, picking up some blank immigration forms as he goes. Officer Torres watches him leave.
84) 0) text: Viktor lifts neers niece broken stone from the old wails left in the corner of for pick-up onto Enrique's food trolley.
85) 0) text: Viktor unloads the pieces of s e& the gaping hole.
85) 3) text: Viktor and the surly Steward, who prevented Viktor's entr into the Air France Lounge earlier, have a hushed @ conversation.
85) 5) dialog: I promise. Not a word to anyone. A beat. The Steward sighs dramatically.
85) 7) dialog: Thank you, Piexce. A beat before the Steward drops some KEYS into Viktor's h
86) 1) text: Viktor, taking some thi. . sees Mulroy approaching. ‘fo
86) 2) dialog: Mulroy, I need a ne on wondered whether -
86) 4) dialog: Who?
87) 0) text: instrument cases, trunks. ° Strange and dark in here. Cases piled upon cases. of his bag on the carousel, Skis, ene The farther Viktor moves inside the place the more it sta to resemble some kind of bizarre Souk - African drums, mu fur coats in plastic, half an accordion...
87) 2) dialog: I am Viktor Navorski. Mulroy sent me --
87) 4) dialog: That's okay.
89) 0) text: A United Airlines 747 Sits at one of the gates. ARRIVALS / DEPARTURES ey . Marrakech. ..Prague.. Cape Town. e@ VIKTOR “ee waits under the board, worrie pp his watch.
91) 0) text: Viktor paces, wearing the blue pinstripe suit and hat Hec lent him. It's been a long time now. Should he leave?
91) 5) dialog: -- eighty seven hours, twenty four minutes (his watch) . Forty two seconds. A beat. He looks at her properly.
91) 6) dialog: You look... There isn't a word good enough.
91) 9) dialog: Thank Enrique.
91) 11) dialog: Chicken or beef? A beat. No Kosher? MLS Viktor checks, confused. S) Or
91) 12) text: AMELIA Jd Chicken's fine. OD Viktor offers Amelia an Air France basket filled with a _ selection of warmed breads.
91) 14) dialog: {her croissant) They were invented in Romania. In 1742, the Turks invaded Bucharest, making a surprise attack under the cover of night. But the town bakers, working in the early hours, spott't? the invaders by the light of the moon. They alerted the garrison and the Turks were defeated. (MORE)
92) 0) text: The remains of the meal in front of them, Viktor gets up. leads her to the edge of the Observation deck, overlookin the runways.
92) 1) dialog: You can see much better from here. A beat.
92) 2) dialog: Twelve hundred planes a day.
92) 7) dialog: No time.
92) 12) dialog: Airbus 330. viktor takes a pen from his pocket, turns away from her t write something on the side. “AMELIA . What are ee « me I play. It's just a 1xktl (he shrugs) You can write an! Something you
92) 14) text: want. Someone you m. wish. Viktor hurls the plane off the owards the runway. They watch it fly for a moment before s swallowed by the darkness.
92) 16) dialog: -- you're not meant to say. Viktor pulls a second plane out of his pocket, drops it i her palm.
92) 17) dialog: Your turn. She examines it.
92) 18) text: Boeing 747, XA4. Cargo capable. He adjusts wings and rudders, checking it's ready to fly. Viktor catches her gaze again. This time his eyes don't s away so fast. She gestures for the pen now, turning away from him to write something on its side. She hurls it off the edge...
92) 20) dialog: What did you write? A beat. She puts her hand on his...
93) 0) text: The sound of a key turf: a lock. Viktor and Amelia enter the plush lounge. Viktox<tu on the lights. AMEL ° {taking the plac 3 Lufthansa? cD
93) 1) dialog: It was the only key I could get. She absently kicks off her shoes, turns to Viktor and kis him. She starts moving him towards the executive sofas -
93) 2) dialog: Hold on. Rushing to the cupboard above the Media console, he pulls down some BLANKETS.
93) 3) dialog: (throwing one around her) Silk and Cashmere.
94) 1) dialog: wrapped in blankets on the floor. In the half-light, Viktor wakes, is able to make out Amel doing something, tracing the contours of his palm, finger running over microscopic lines, earefully slowly, exactly After a moment -
94) 2) dialog: (a whisper) What are you doing? She looks back at him, smiles. ~ we eS Memorizing She stops, turns to him - °
94) 4) dialog: Only lower. She laughs, kisses him again. She reaches over to the complimentary Duty Free cigarette lights one for each of them. She looks at him for a long beat.
94) 8) dialog: How?
99) 5) dialog: (studying them) You're right.
99) 7) dialog: Viktor Navorski.
99) 12) dialog: You don't have to pay me. Karl tries to make sense of it -
99) 14) dialog: It's what I do. Karl looks at the skilled cornicing work that's already b completed™6én the base, considers Viktor once more. He walks away. 2 .
100) 0) text: Viktor, Amelia and MR. , a surprisingly tan lawyer in clashing Gucci, sit in oxé wfcthe booths having a drin
100) 1) text: Kebakian slides an envelope a oS table to Viktor. MR. KEBAKI. There it is. A weekend pass. You'll be a free man by next Friday. As if suddenly overwhelmed by the spirit of his own large Kebakian looks over at Amelia, smiling -
100) 8) dialog: -Thanks7— As he shakes Viktor's ae he slips him his card. When you need “ork papers, you call me. 2 He leaves. Gy,
100) 9) dialog: How do you know him?
100) 14) dialog: Where would I stay?
100) 17) dialog: In here, they know wAG out there... She searches his expression, the pained look in his eyes.
100) 20) text: Viktor continues working. We see now it's a beautiful thr tier FOUNTAIN. In the background and just out of earshot eo Viktor, Karl argues with his boss, LARABEE. The fountain under construction is now the only sign of w still going on in the Terminal.
101) 0) text: viktor lays out his twenty or so different TRAVEL KITS belonging to every airline from KLM to JAL to SAA... Viktor stops his organizing a moment, looks out through t glass at the desolate runways.
102) 1) text: All the rage these days. Viktor looks down at the Bright red ravé PANTS and matchi SHOES (circa 1988), takes them with a smile.
103) 0) text: Viktor stares. at himsel Kin mirror as a super-fast Supercuts STYLIST cuts, és and moulds Viktor's hair ° all at the samé time.
104) 0) text: Viktor watches other passengers making their way through immigration channels. He looks down at the pass in his ha It's trembling...finally he joins the line. He's never g near the front of a line in here so quickly. viktor's closer to the doors than he's ever been. Viktor hands OFFICER TORRES his weekend pass. Torres looks over the paperwork, seems surprised that it' bona fide, STAMPS it.
104) 2) dialog: freezes, for the first time staring properly out into THE MAIN TERMINAL Friday rush-hour. A deafening noise of craz angry TRAVELLERS pushing in and out of the front doors ou onto the sidewalk...CABS honking, POLICEMEN whistling, PA HANDLERS fighting, NEW YORKERS jostling and shoving like SFE at her most fierce and frenzied, beyond...
104) 4) dialog: sees her. A large Pakistani FAMILY suddenly obscuring his view. The Passenger behind, bumps into him
106) 0) text: viktor walks in, it's pandemonium. A fussily-dressed WOMA PASSENGER, holding a box marked 'FRAGILE', is tearing int Mulrey's new Deputy, SPI - 30s, bandana, enough gold-teet to be declared an officz sset. Viktor watches as - es
106) 5) text: I am the supervisor. As she starts hurling outraged abuse, Viktor slinks away.
107) 0) text: Like some sort of science fiction dental waiting room. Th high walls are bright white. The floor is shiny and spotl The simple elegant decor is designed not te offend any parochial sensibility. Viktor kneels on his individual prayer pod - also white - with his eyes closed and hands clasped together. Aman (40s) approaches and kneels down on the prayer pod next to Viktor. After a minute, he glances nervously at Viktor.
107) 6) text: I thought over time she'd learn to love me the way I love her. Now she's leaving. I wanted to make it work, somehow.. .but I couldn't. I don't know... The Man stares into Viktor's eyes.
108) 5) text: Sxiy abandoned desk where a female 7S into her computer. Viktor approaches the ne SUPERVISOR's inputting a
109) 0) text: @ . Viktor sits back to read the hand-written note. He op
110) 1) text: e (0.8.) g accords in settling the border between the’ Zastern European pri’ ities caused much jubilation here t the Diplomatic ranks this morfing. viktor's IMAGE slowly blurs as we find
111) 1) dialog: Sleeps next to his fountain, a piece of painter's canvas his blanket, a chisel still in his hand... Mulroy appears.
112) 11) text: What the PR with you, man? Viktor looks up at thi oS.
113) 0) text: Gathered around to say good-bye - Mulroy, Enrique, Hector Karl, Daniels, Gupta, Larabee, Pierre. Assorted other air WORKERS, ticketing PEOPLE and Immigration SECRETARIES mil about too. Viktor stands under some balloons and a banner saying 'Bon Voyage' . People come up and congratulate Viktor. He shakes hands smiles...but there's something about his expression that' off.
114) 0) text: Mercer breaks the seal on Viktor's file, hands back his ticket.
114) 2) dialog: I understand. As Viktor walks out the open door -
115) 0) text: Mulroy waits at the gat, Viktor to appear.
117) 0) text: Mercer arrives for work. Viktor sees him coming, hides...
118) 1) dialog: in his work overalls, carefully applying finishing touche to the second tier of his fountain. Mulroy just studies Viktor froma distance for a moment. Sensing someone's there, >¥iktor turns, spots Mulroy maki his way over to him, regi to his work. A beat. MULR ° I got to hand it to n. A year early for your fligh! Geyou still manage to miss it. Viktor doesn’t answer, gestures for Mulroy to please hand him a fresh can of sealant. He does.
118) 7) dialog: No.
118) 9) dialog: (matter-of-tact) I was crying because I had no-one to call.
118) 14) dialog: I came to this country to make a new life. (a beat) I didn't expect to find it here.
118) 18) dialog: Not to me. ‘ MULROY It doesn't make sense, Viktor. Viktor steps down from the tier, screws the cap back on t sealant. When Viktor speaks now, it is from another place -
118) 20) dialog: A month later the rains‘caéme, and the wall facing the hill... (his words spill out ina panic) --+in our hurry we didn't make the foundations strong enough. The rains weakened it. The wall collapsed. A child was killed. Tatiana. Viktor's expression, haunted by the memory.
118) 21) dialog: I went to her family's house and saw her body. She stared at me...and stared at me. I tried to explain...but nothing was the same after that. Viktor bows his head. A long beat.
118) 22) text: When I arrived here, I knew I was never going back. Mulroy looks at Viktor, at the fountain he's building...i all starting to make sense.
119) 0) text: The morning begins to glow over the runways. Viktor, alone, looks out across them, his eyes heavy. He turns to his fountain. There's no more he can do. He just hopes it's good enough... He walks back over to it, and taking his chisel, very discreetly engraves a name into the scroll work... ‘Tatiana’
121) 0) text: Viktor, shaved and dressed now Ss across the main concourse, nodding acknowledge’ SF people he recognizes. Some appear surprised, though ple still in the Terminal. ntly so, that Viktor is Gupta spots Viktor and takes off his headphones -
122) 0) text: Viktor inspects his newly refurbished gate -
122) 5) dialog: Why didn't you tell me? Enrique shrugs as Viktor grabs his jacket and leaves.
122) 6) text: An agitated Viktor rushes around the corner. We see the completed
122) 8) dialog: (reaching the fountain) Karl, what is it?
122) 13) text: (Oo. 8.) The plumbing ike I said. He turns to see Enrique, Gypfa, Mulroy and dozen or so of his co-workers behind him, “qfati ly surrounding him. Lar pushes to the front, offering d to Viktor. A nod of acknowledgement to Vik: fountain -
122) 17) text: (like it's no big deal) It would mean a raise of course. Looking up from his gift, Viktor finally smiles.
122) 18) dialog: You don't have to pay me. A beat.
122) 20) dialog: Thank you.
122) 21) dialog: surrounded by the smiling faces of his friends. He looks at the fountain again. It's almost too much for him to ta in. People pat Viktor on the back.
122) 22) text: Looks like theSpoor baby's gomma cry: . Need a Kleene vi More laughter as Viktor Se 2f-consciously, wipes a tiny tear from his eye. CO, INT. OBSERVATION DECK - SAME oO) Two NEW OFFICERS drink coffees on their break.
124) 0) text: Viktor, wearing his new overalls, walks back home through the main concourse. As various airport personnel pass him quick succession, he greets each of them with a short wav er nod - .
125) 0) text: A BRUSH mechanically paints a section of wall. viktor works without feeling, and by the absent look on h face, seemingly without consciousness either. On Viktor's BRUSH again as it slowly crosses the border o onto the adjoining wall and absently paints a messy CROOK LINE across it. viktor puts his brush back into the paint, moves the can over to start work on the next section. One of the Puerto Ricans working nearby notices the crooked line on the wal
126) 0) text: Enrique drives his food trolley towards Viktor's seats. H takes a couple of extra trays of food from it, turning to set them down in the usual place.
127) 1) dialog: stares at himself in the mirror for quite a long time. He dressed exactly the same as when he arrived.
128) 0) text: Viktor walks past the deserted counter, discreétly pushes small brown PACKAGE rege the open hatch. It's addressed - 'Mere:
129) 0) text: CLOSE ON Viktor's black ‘su aC one of on the carousel. Nearby, we hear Mulroy arguing Bh one of his co-workers - MULROY (0: 7s Just take a little more‘eare, Spinks. How would you like it if I did that to your suitcase?
129) 5) text: Looky here, Spinks -- A HAND is reaching for Viktor Navorski's suitcase, seemin in slow motion --
130) 0) text: Viktor marches down the middle. of the incredibly long concourse. Hesitating at the top of the escalator a moment, Mulroy watches Viktor pass the Main PARTITION DOORS to his left, heading for the far end where we can just about make out signs for the New Wing's RESTRICTED SECURITY AREA guarded two IMMIGRATION OFFICERS. ‘s 5 ite beginge to play over the PA, softly echoing throughout the concrete concourse -- Le
130) 4) dialog: strides ahead, glancing passengers in-his path, a look of unflinching resolve in his eye. Gupta scoots up ahead, passing Mulroy, pulls his mop-cart alongside Viktor. What's wrong th Viktor still doesn't react. psi him, trying to get a response... Zo
130) 6) text: {a harsh whisper) “ Viktor. They'll take you to , the Detention Center. Viktor. Viktor ignores him.
130) 8) dialog: (serene) Yes. He pulls ahead of Mulroy, The Tchaikovsky getting louder the time, punctuating the ballet of escape -
130) 14) dialog: is only fifty feet away from the secure area now, knuckle white as they clench the bag. As the Tchaikovsky deepens and intensifies, some airport staff - SANITATION PEOPLE, FLIGHT CREWS, STORE WORKERS - stop where they are or emerge from doorways, sensing the surge of activity in the Terminal, their eyes somehow dra to --
130) 15) dialog: trailed almost comedically by Mulsoy, Gupta and Karl who continues whispering surreptitious instructions into -his radio, De Two STORE WORKERS shudder when they see -
130) 16) text: The female CUSTOMS ree Enrique flirted with emerging from an office door across the concourse dirgct cross from Viktor. She sees Viktor, the look of de ination on his face, sens something strange may be goin Lye just as the thought
130) 23) dialog: is only feet from the door now --
130) 29) dialog: has reached the last door at the end of the long corridor now. The Alarm continues to blare as Viktor smashes open circuit box, deftly rewiring it...
131) 0) text: Viktor inhales deeply, choking on all the fresh air. He looks up inte the sky, squinting, sunlight brilliant against his pale face. He starts off towards the runways, gradually picking up speed...
132) 1) dialog: running towards the runway on security camera six. She freezes.
132) 8) text: Where's that ming from? Almost without even kno 's doing it, Daniels quickly pushes a button and the 2 m the screen showing Viktor changes to a different came = Oy showing -
134) 0) text: Viktor, running now, makes his way across a bank of thick trash-covered grass towards THE RUNWAYS, wind blowing his coat up around his ears. From a distance we watch as Viktor, a speck against this vast open vista, makes his across the runway.
134) 4) dialog: slams the dilapidated vehicle into reverse, turns with a SCREECH and drives STRAIGHT ACROSS the remaining runways towards
134) 8) dialog: Welcome to the United States, Mr. Navorski .
135) 0) text: Viktor buys a ticket at a window.
136) 0) text: A BUS pulls into the Ne Viktor is the last in line. As the other PASSENGE Viktor checks his reflection in the silver siding of fe He straightens his tie, Le adjusts his coat and walk couple of stairs up into the bus. The door closes behin The Bus reverses out. We see Mgomic on the front -
137) 0) text: It's getting dark outside. Viktor sits in the last row. H stares out the window at the distant city whose lights se to stretch out across the horizon into infinity. Rain sma against the windows now... In the far distance, the Statue of Liberty. Viktdr presse his face against the glass. The Statue's LIGHTS - beautif distorted through the heavy rain. ge
137) 1) text: Viktor pulls back, wipes his face with the handkerchief f his top pocket.
138) 3) text: He flips the book ope: The dbodkmark - Viktor's the chapter heading
139) 0) text: Viktor exits the bus and gazes up at the terminal sign - "NEWARK - Departures."
140) 2) dialog: remains unruffled, at peace. At last, he steps across the thresnold into the Terminal starts to walk... the camera drifting down to the paper AIRPLANE gripped tightly in his hand...written on it in b smudged ink...'Viktor'. We pull up and watch him go...the crowd swallowing him, u finally and far away...a tiny speck in the distance...Vik disappears... Ve