0) 123) text: Wheeler, Kenton and Seidman proceed with the male ritual preparing cigars to be smoked: snipping the ends with a b clip, rolling them over their tongues to wet them, slidin cigars in and out of their rounded mouths. Andrew, holding a cigar but NOT preparing to light it, wa with a not completely concealed twinkle in his eye. Wheeler leans back in his chair, swirling a brandy snifte He exhales cigar smoke with a great deal of pleasure.
0) 823) text: Andrew's construction worker brother, RANDY, wipes tears from his eyes. Clearly their father is in alot of pain.
0) 828) dialog: Hey. You're my kid brother, Andy. That's the bottom line. I mean, what are those bastards going to say? You're gay? Shit, I knew that when you were five years old.
0) 829) text: Everyone LAUGHS. Andrew and Randy high five.
0) 1555) text: Joe steps into... ANDREW'S HOSPITAL ROOM (INT./NIGHT) ... A hand-painted banner is strung over Andrew's bed: "Victory." OPERA MUSIC plays on a portable CD player. ANDREW lies in hospital bed, with a pressurized oxygen mask on his face. JILL sits on the edge of Andrew's bed, holding his hand, smiling, speaking to Andrew in low tones. With his free hand, Andrew gently strokes Jill's forearm. (Andrew has a amazing assortment of tubes and IVs running into various parts of his body.) Andrew's brothers MATT and RANDY are sipping beers with R JIM, MIGUEL, Miguel's sister MARIA, Bruno and Chandra, wh Matt does a dramatic re-creation of the Marine Juror rend the judgment. Matt's audience is loving it. As Joe comes into the room, Jill rises to take the shoppi from him. Joe exchanges nods and greetings with the other People KEEP THEIR VOICES LOW, but there's a certain energ happiness evident in the room. ON ANDREW: Watching his friends and relatives with sparkl eyes and a weak, but grateful and peaceful smile. ON JOE: Glancing across the room, catching Andrew's look. Andrew smiles at Joe and pats his hospital bed, indicatin wants Joe to sit there. Joe crosses the room, sits on the edge of the bed. With some difficulty, Andrew removes his oxygen mask. His voice is raspy, weak:
0) 1590) text: Randy Beckett loses control of his emotions as he bends t his brother. He begins to sob.
0) 1591) dialog: Andy.
0) 1592) text: Andrew puts his weak arms, with the IV lines connected, around his brother Randy, to comfort him.