30) 15) text: (starts reading) ‘Dear Susan -- I'm sending you Baby, a panther I picked u with your life. He's three years old, gentle as a kitten, dogs.’ (pauses, frowns, then smiles apologetically) I don't know whether Mark means he eats dogs or is fond o so vague at times. (continues reading) ‘He also likes music -- particularly that song, "I Can't Anything But Love, Baby."’
30) 55) text: (maliciously as he jerks the door open) Well -- take care of yourself! He slams it behind him, almost on Baby's nose. Baby sits the door. Why doesn't the man like him? Susan also regard malice aforethought she opens it. Baby patters out happil
31) 0) text: David at elevator. The elevator enters scene and the door David steps in and once more a door bangs almost on Baby' time Baby doesn't sit down and regard the door. He turns the stairs. The man is going down. Baby will find him.
34) 0) text: REVERSE ANGLE on doorman of the apartment house as he wat progress of David and Baby with amazement. Susan comes in pulling on her hat. She dashes toward the curb where her stands.
36) 0) text: MOVING SHOT station wagon bowling along. David sits in th beside Susan. Baby, in the back of the station wagon, is peering into the front seat, wishing that they'd let him them. He makes several futile attempts to achieve his pur pushed back by Susan, who is talking incessantly and, she convincingly.
36) 10) text: Susan reaches back, without looking, and pushes at Baby's
36) 18) text: Meanwhile Baby has reared up and is excitedly watching hi friends. He poises on the side of the station wagon, bala leap.
36) 19) text: to include the chicken wagon. The driver halts in his ste Susan and David is one thing. Abusing Susan, David and a another. As Baby leaps to the ground Susan sees him, aban wrenching at David's hat and further confounds him in his state by climbing over him to get to Baby. David, freed o tuggings, takes off his own hat with not too much trouble wading through ducks, geese and chickens, singing, "I Can Anything But Love, Baby." The chicken wagon driver is ba is quite pointless, because Baby is not at all interested He is interested purely and simply in selecting the goose chicken which will be most satisfactory to his palate. He no attention to Susan.
36) 22) text: Susan, who has reached Baby and is desperately clinging t singing, "I Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby" She s speech to the same tune.
36) 26) text: taking in station wagon and chicken wagon. The now thorou driver, who has abandoned his chickens in favor of his li footing it out of scene. Baby is crouched for a leap at a figure of a duck. David scrambles out of the station wago toward Baby.
37) 0) text: We find David operating a tire pump. He has his back to t and Susan. His coat is off. His tie is off. His hair is r madder than ever. Susan sits on the hood, chin in hand, a interestedly. Baby, equally interested, is lying under th at the other side of the tire which David is pumping up. successfully gnawed through the tire, creating a space wh tube which David is pumping to protrude. As it puffs out draws back and regards it with interest. He pats it tenta
37) 9) text: Baby, who is growing more and more interested in the bubb getting bigger and bigger. He rolls over on his back and upside down.
37) 13) text: Baby. He pats the bubble once too often. It goes off with Baby jumps back, hurt and surprised, and slinks around th wagon.
39) 28) text: Baby, who has been lying down in rear of station wagon, a head and peers past CAMERA into Digby's car.
39) 30) text: Baby as he rears up and prepares to go hunting.
39) 31) text: Susan and constable, with the two cars in b.g. The first played over the CUTS to Baby.
41) 0) text: Susan is trying to get Baby back into the station wagon. wary eye on the door of the butcher shop. Baby, engrossed the floor of the tonneau, is adamant.
47) 7) text: (as though he were suggesting it Oh no, David -- that's dishonest. I'll send the gardener tonight -- after it's dark. David is speechless. CAMERA FOLLOWS them. Susan unlatches box stall and they lead Baby within, CAMERA FOLLOWING. Su and straightens up as she looks at David. (74)
71) 0) text: Gogarty enters like a man who is in search of a bottle, w to the door of the box stall where Baby is, unlatches it walks past Baby in the dim light, reaches up to a rafter bottle, goes out with the bottle, leaving the door unlatc sits down on a box and uncorks his bottle. He takes a swi nerves.
73) 0) text: Gogarty seated on the box and taking another drink. Baby the stall and is padding silently toward him. The panther against the nice man. Gogarty reaches down carelessly beh Baby.
88) 0) text: Baby loping across a lawn toward the two figures. [Scene Details]
89) 0) text: STROLLING SHOT of Applegate and Aunt Elizabeth as Baby gl slinks along contentedly behind them.
89) 12) text: Baby standing in the clear moonlight.
91) 0) text: Aunt Elizabeth is wondering at Applegate's haste. Baby pa into dining room. Applegate comes dashing out of the kitc gun, Gogarty behind him.
92) 0) text: Baby pads around, looking for a place to curl up. He stro chair as Applegate enters and goes to a window which look garden. As he is bolting this window, Baby comes around t table and goes over to rub against the backs of his legs. despairing moan Applegate trips and falls over the panthe lightly through the second window and vanishes. Gogarty e looks at the prone Applegate, closes and locks the open w Applegate, scrambling to his feet, seizes the gun, turns through the entry. Gogarty follows.
93) 0) text: TRUCK SHOT Susan and David searching for Baby. Susan is s Give You Anything But Love, Baby.’ She breaks off and tur is loaded down with the fish net and rope.
96) 4) dialog: 
96) 7) dialog: - playing. Startled by the cries, they cut and run, toget
100) 36) text: Baby! Baby! BABY! (indignantly) Oh, you brute!
101) 0) text: The bad panther is climbing a tree. The next moment we he voice, calling sweetly, "Baby! Baby!" She and David trudg directly under the panther, who is on a limb. They are no Susan points.
104) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Baby and George playing together. Applegate' heard. Baby scrambles to his feet and listens.
108) 0) text: Baby and George come prowling along. David comes dashing thicket, followed by Susan, who is now pursuing David, no David reaches Baby and begins to stroke him.
110) 0) text: Susan and David leading panther and George. Applegate's s hideously. Baby jumps and takes refuge in the nearest tre
112) 0) text: Susan and David under the treed panther. Susan is singing Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby’. George sits besi feeling for music beginning to stir. David is picking up wherever he can find a word that he knows. George, caught of the thing, lifts his muzzle and croons in unison -- he chorus rises Baby lifts his voice in his own version.
118) 0) text: Susan, David, George and Baby. At the report Baby leaps streaks away. David makes a flying tackle at George and c armful of leaves. George too vanishes. Applegate, followe comes dashing in.
123) 0) text: WHAT THEY SEE: Baby outlined against the sky, on the vera
127) 0) text: Baby, from Susan's angle. He hangs his paws over the edge roof contentedly.
144) 0) text: The bang of the door frightens Baby and he leaps lightly
166) 0) text: MOVING SHOT of Susan diving along a country road singing You Anything But Love, Baby.’
168) 0) text: MOVING SHOT on cage-truck from the circus. George and Bab behind it. Baby scents the former occupant of the cage. J down and start for jail door.
169) 0) text: Joe and Mac go in. George and Baby follow.
172) 0) text: GROUP SHOT. Baby is on the constable's desk. Aunt Elizabe his stomach. Everyone is gathered around, suddenly very b
174) 1) text: Baby! I'll whack the living daylights out of you! The bad panther stops and begins lashing his tail, seeing eyes staring at him. Here at last are people he can cow. obscures from Susan's view, Baby on the desk. Everyone st Finally there is an agonized cry from David.
174) 11) text: Baby, terrified, standing on the desk. George, equally fr peering under Baby's stomach. Suddenly both, seeing an em from the desk and dash for it.
174) 13) text: empty cell as Baby and George streak in, crowding for fir Elizabeth, who is in the next cell, reaches around and ba shut.
174) 19) text: David and the crumpled figure of Susan, toward the cells, the bad panther charges toward Baby. David takes one agon his shoulder at the prostrate Susan and, holding the chai starts toward the bad panther.