0) 1) dialog: Curator of Fossil Reptiles
0) 18) dialog: (deep in thought) I'm not sure this isn't a part of the tail.
0) 20) dialog: (relieved) That's right. So I did.
0) 22) dialog: (coming down) And I have something important to tell you, Alice. I had Dr. Blakeley -- (Indicates giant spine) and the last bone we need to complete this brontosaurus arrive here tomorrow. (4)
0) 24) dialog: The intercostal clavicle! Think of it! Let's go out and c
0) 26) dialog: Peabody? Who is Mr. Peabody?
0) 28) dialog: Oh yes. Isn't that the old girl who's going to give the M dollars -- to complete this group?
0) 35) dialog: I can't tell you, Mr. Peabody, how much this endowment wo Museum -- and to me personally. I wish you'd come to the me show you what we've accomplished in less than four yea Mr. Peabody has silently selected a club, which he now wa
0) 36) dialog: (hovering over Mr. Peabody's shoulder It's breath-taking! Unless you've spent your life among o have, you can't realize the thrill -- the sense of power poetic ecstasy there is in fitting one bone to another. Mr. Peabody waggles the club silently and with irritation
0) 37) dialog: If you could just give me some assurance -- that you will influence -- Mr. Peabody rests his club head on the ground.
0) 40) dialog: (backing away) Oh yes, I did. I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody. He starts off in the direction which has been indicated b Mr. Peabody waggles once more, makes a clean brassie shot after it down the fairway with satisfaction.
0) 43) text: of the ball lying in a very conspicuous position, as Susa with a swinging stride. The ball is in the f.g., as David enter and converge on it from different angles. Susan has hand. She reaches the ball first, quickly takes a swing a nice shot for the green. David calls sharply, but too lat
0) 44) dialog: That's my ball!
0) 48) dialog: That has nothing to do with it.
0) 50) dialog: No. I've just driven off the first tee --
0) 52) dialog: But with my ball!
0) 54) dialog: What kind of ball are you playing?
0) 56) dialog: I'm playing a Dunlop Green.
0) 59) dialog: (following her) It will prove that you're playing my ball. A Spalding Sp with two black dots. A Dunlop Green has a circle.
0) 61) dialog: (trying to control his exasperation) That has nothing to do with it!
0) 63) dialog: There you are! It's a circle!
0) 65) dialog: (as she putts the ball into the cup) I'm referring to the mark on the ball. (dives on ball and pulls it forth triumphantly You see, it's a Dunlop Green! My ball!
0) 68) dialog: (trying to control his temper My dear young woman, you don't seem to realize that you' very embarrassing position. The most important corporatio York is waiting for me on the first fairway!
0) 70) dialog: (in a quiet frenzy as he holds up the ball) Do you mind if I take this with me?
0) 73) dialog: What do I do now?
2) 0) text: David enters and doggedly tees his ball again. Rather gri driver from the caddy and begins to measure his swing. As club for the swings, an automobile horn toots nearby. He around but the sound throws him off-balance. He drops his for another swing. Another horn -- which distracts him. A club again determinedly, there is the crash of bumper aga lowers his club grimly and looks around.
4) 0) text: David is going on with his golf game, come hell or high w his club again and this time there is a terrific crash. S his club and looks around.
6) 0) text: David watches, dumbfounded. Over his reaction we hear Sus engine and grinding her gears in a series of terrible noi tries to extricate her car. David suddenly drops his club out.
7) 0) text: Susan is racing her engine. She extricates her car, pulli astern. David comes running and jumps on the running boar yelling the while.
8) 0) text: WHAT HE SEES: MED. LONG SHOT head and shoulders of David David is standing in his car, shouting at Susan, who is b him around the lanes of the parking lot. Susan and her ca by the hedge.
9) 0) text: MOVING SHOT -- David being towed by Susan. CAMERA is now of hedge so that we see clearly David's predicament. Davi waves helplessly at Peabody as he rolls past.
9) 1) dialog: I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody!
11) 0) text: WHAT HE SEES: David's head and shoulders gliding smoothly the hedge. He turns and waves placatingly.
11) 1) dialog: I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody!
12) 0) text: MOVING SHOT -- David, still standing. He looks after the Peabody frantically, then slides down in the seat and vic the brakes.
12) 4) dialog: (trying to say that she has his car locked) You've got my car!
12) 6) dialog: Yes, thank Heaven -- You! (climbs out of his car and stands on his own bumper Now go ahead! Susan drops the clutch in and her car starts with a jump. clear on David's side but the other side holds fast and h around, striking a tree. He jumps clear but the rear fend smashed against the tree.
12) 7) dialog: (after a pregnant pause) All right -- that's one fender. Go ahead! This time she races her motor, drops in the clutch and t off with a terrible grinding noise. She nearly hits anoth as her car leaps ahead. She slams on the brakes and stops time.
12) 8) dialog: (after calmly surveying the damage) Don't go yet! There's still another fender!
12) 10) dialog: (quietly) I had a choice between this and a tank. I should have tak (15)
12) 12) dialog: Just back out -- please. And go slowly. Susan backs with great dexterity and seems to be clearing perfectly when her front bumper catches his rear fender a David climbs into his car. Susan starts to back out and h after her toward the parking space. Looking back, she ina her brakes and David smacks into her. She looks around in
12) 14) dialog: (quietly frenzied) I'm not losing my temper -- I'm trying to get back to my
13) 0) text: David enters in tails, carrying silk hat in hand. The hea approaches him.
13) 2) dialog: I'm looking for Mr. Peabody. Alexander Peabody. I was tol here.
13) 4) dialog: Yes. Will you let me know when he comes?
13) 8) text: as Susan enters and regards David.
13) 10) dialog: (without moving) I know it.
13) 12) dialog: (pensively) I might have known you were here. The moment I sat down I (bitterly) For six solid hours I've been engaged in a vain attempt whom -- thanks to you -- I abandoned on the first toe thi Then you throw an olive at me and I sit on my hat. It all
13) 14) dialog: I'm sure it wasn't entirely his own idea.
13) 16) dialog: (violently) Go away!
13) 19) dialog: (rising, making a few feeble passes at concealing the pan taken the place of his hat) Then I'll go away. And he stalks out of scene. Susan stands, indeterminate f thinks of following him. Then she thinks perhaps she won' few steps to the left, wondering if people are noticing t woman who has been abandoned by a man for no reason at al walks out of scene with an assumption of indifference. Sh staring over her shoulder at David as she wends her way b tables.
13) 20) dialog: standing in the middle of the cocktail lounge trying to p is there for a good time, that he has not sat on his hat doesn't exist.
13) 46) text: Convulsively she clutches at Mrs. Digby's purse, thinking starts to follow out this new train of thought. CAMERA PA she hurries to David.
13) 48) dialog: I've been standing right here. I haven't moved from this know what's going to happen to you if you don't stop foll
13) 50) dialog: I am not behind anything but the eight-ball. I haven't be
13) 53) dialog: (staring at her blankly Who what impulse?
13) 75) text: Dr. Digby's table. Dr. Digby is holding fast to David, wh fast to the purse.
13) 77) dialog: (as Susan enters hurriedly) This purse belongs to that young lady. (points to it, looking at Susan) Isn't this your purse?
13) 82) text: David takes one murderous look at Susan and then turns an the stairway. Susan trails at his heels, bleating. CAMERA
13) 84) dialog: If I could think, I'd have run when I saw you.
13) 86) text: Now wait! I can explain the whole thing! She hangs onto the coat tail and David keeps on going. A natural thing occurs. One thing has to give and it isn't a soft tearing sound as the coat splits up the back. For stops, stands absolutely still.
13) 88) dialog: Look -- will you do something for me?
13) 90) dialog: (wearily) No. It's simpler than that.
13) 91) text: David shifts his stance, unknowingly getting one foot on dress on the step. He raises his two hands in a pleading
13) 93) dialog: I'll close my eyes. This way. (puts his hand over his eyes) And you go away. When I look up you won't be there. I get when I see too much of them. (puts his hand over his eyes)
13) 95) dialog: Look here!
13) 97) dialog: Something horrible has happened!
13) 99) text: David, seeing the reaction of people in the cocktail loun gets directly behind Susan and swings into a lockstep.
13) 100) dialog: (over her shoulder) If you'd only stop talking for a minute and listen!
13) 102) dialog: You've torn --
13) 104) text: Susan and David. David grabs her shoulders and pulls her back to him once more.
13) 106) dialog: Please! Let's get out of here! just keep walking.
13) 110) dialog: That's -- what I've been trying to tell you. You haven't the back.
13) 112) dialog: I am behind you!
14) 0) text: Susan and David race through at a furious pace, CAMERA FO David behind Susan in a close lockstep.
14) 2) dialog: I can't get any closer.
14) 4) dialog: approaching in lockstep.
14) 7) text: as Susan and David come toward door and David, with horro Mr. Peabody.
14) 8) dialog: (agonized, to Susan) I have to see somebody... Will you wait just a moment?
14) 10) dialog: I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody! Susan turns to go out the revolving door and David, still Peabody, continues in a straight line. After a split seco that there is nobody in front of him. A quick look around nearly at the revolving door. He leaps back, gets behind and Mrs. Peabody stare incredulously Susan and David jam revolving door and barely get through.
15) 0) text: Susan is busily sewing David's coat, while he paces dejec
15) 1) dialog: (finishing a story) -- so you see it's very important, that I see this man. I never be able to finish the group.
15) 3) dialog: (holding an aching head) I can picture myself explaining our exit from the Ritz-Pl Peabody!
15) 5) dialog: No, his name is Alexander. Alexander Peabody.
15) 7) dialog: (incredulously) You know him?
15) 10) dialog: (looking at his watch) If I hurry, I might catch him before he finishes dinner.
15) 12) dialog: Oh, but I can't spend that much time. Miss Swallow is wai Carnegie Hall, at the concert.
15) 14) dialog: My fiancee.
16) 0) text: Susan and David in station wagon. David is staring, puzzl side of the wagon. Presently he turns and regards Susan s
16) 1) dialog: Do they build all the houses in Riverdale alike?
16) 4) dialog: Because if they don't we've passed that one six times.
16) 6) dialog: I think, Susan, that you lost your bearings some time ago pass this spot six times -- (looking at his watch) has taken us exactly an hour. Unless you have a fondness particular house, do you think we could stop to inquire w
17) 1) text: of Susan and David in the station wagon, Susan behind the has begun to lose his confidence in Susan's plan. He peer
17) 2) dialog: There aren't any lights. Mr. Peabody must be in bed.
17) 5) dialog: If they anticipated a visit from you, they could -- with their heads.
17) 7) dialog: (with some inner warning) Somehow I have a feeling that it might be better if I did
18) 0) text: Susan enters in the dim light. David enters behind her, h deepening. She starts to press the doorbell button. He st last stab at sanity.
18) 1) dialog: Before you take the final step, Susan, I want to point o without rancor, that you are inclined to act on impulse a logic. If we wake him up in the middle of the night he ma
18) 3) dialog: (staring into space) I may be wrong, but it seems to me that everything that c happened.
18) 5) dialog: A masterpiece of understatement.
18) 8) dialog: (nervously) I think we'd better go and come back in the morning. They
18) 10) dialog: (puts his hand to his forehead, closing his eyes in sick Susan. Please! This has gone far enough.
18) 12) dialog: But they won't wake up.
18) 14) dialog: Susan. You can't climb in this man's bedroom window!
18) 18) dialog: (in agonized protest) Susan! Won't you listen to me?
18) 21) dialog: (with a groan) Won't you please come away before we're taken away?
18) 23) dialog: (taking another tack to stop her) It's too late, Susan. We'll come another time. You can't
18) 25) dialog: (with a look of horror, whispers hoarsely) What are you doing now?
18) 28) dialog: Pebbles?
19) 1) text: as David stands paralyzed, his gaze fixed upward in horro already stooped down again to the graveled walk.
19) 2) dialog: I know we ought to go now, but I can't seem to move.
19) 7) text: on David, from Peabody's angle.
19) 8) dialog: (in an anguished voice) I regret to say it's I, sir. Dr. Huxley. In this same shot we see Susan's figure in the dim light another throw.
19) 9) text: from David's angle, on Mr. Peabody leaning out with a puz big rock flies up out of CAMERA and conks him on the head like a light, collapses across the sill with his arms han
19) 10) text: on David and Susan. He is paralyzed with horror, while S draped figure above with innocent surprise.
19) 12) dialog: (in a hashed voice) That's Mr. Peabody.
19) 14) dialog: You conked him! Both stare up, open-mouthed.
19) 16) text: David and Susan as they watch Mr. Peabody
19) 18) text: She dashes madly through the shrubbery. David stands watc rooted to the spot. His paralysis is broken by an angry r Peabody. David galvanizes into action and dashes after he
20) 0) text: Susan reaches the station wagon and jumps in behind the w the engine. David scrambles in beside her as she slams th and tears off at full speed. We see the headlights curve driveway and out, making a sure getaway, as we
21) 0) text: The station wagon drives up and stops in the light of a s David climbs down wearily. Susan, whose composure was onl shattered by the misadventure with Boopie, is herself aga eyeing David with a new and proprietary interest.
21) 2) dialog: (hesitantly, trying to find adequate words) Wait, Susan... I don't want you to think that I'm not app you've done. But you may understand, when you're older, t limits to what a man can bear. Now don't be offended. I d feel that I'm -- uh -- trying to avoid you -- but tomorro being married.
21) 5) dialog: (going on doggedly) Don't interrupt, Susan. I'm being married and my future w looked upon me as a man of some dignity. Privately I'm co have some dignity. (with growing vehemence) It isn't that I don't like you, Susan -- in fact, I'm str you in moments of quiet. But there hasn't been a quiet mo relationship from beginning to end has been a series of m will, if you will allow me, make my own appointments with unarmed. Now I must call my fiancee and try to explain wh Carnegie Hall this evening with a party of four. If I may emphasis at this point, Susan, I would like to say that that I never, never set eyes on you again! Susan has heard only part of this harangue. From the mome his marriage she has been eyeing him with a proprietary c She has marked him for her own. As he lifts his hat and b politely she gazes at him speechlessly. David speaks with
21) 6) dialog: Good night, Susan. Goodbye. And thank you. It's been love (turns and goes toward his door)
21) 12) dialog: I'm very excited about being married, darling. I've never before. How do you feel?... Oh... Well -- I hadn't been t about Mr. Peabody, Alice. I -- I -- no, I -- don't think appointment with him today. I think he has a slight heada well, he might have a headache, Alice. (takes a deep breath) As a matter of fact, dear, after thinking it over last ni that I won't see Mr. Peabody at all. I'll go straight to The doorbell starts to ring.
21) 15) dialog: Yes.
21) 17) dialog: (fumbling through his pockets) Is it from Utah?
21) 19) dialog: (producing a black folder which he dangles before the man Is my driver's license sufficient? And here's my Social S
21) 21) dialog: (into phone) Alice! It's come! The intercostal clavicle! Isn't that a wedding present? I'll finish the group this morning, Alic down, dear... Goodbye. He hangs up, places the box carefully on the table, pats be sure he has everything and picks up his hat. Then he t the box and starts for the door again. The telephone ring looks at it and comes back.
21) 23) dialog: (into phone) Hello... (pause and his face changes) Oh... (startled) What? (incredulously) I can't hear you very well. Come closer to the transmitte
23) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT -- David.
23) 1) dialog: Panther? No. Why should I?
25) 0) text: David on phone.
25) 1) dialog: But where would you get a panther?
27) 0) text: David on phone.
27) 1) dialog: (relieved) Of course it's a stuffed panther.
29) 0) text: David on telephone. Alice watching him bewilderedly. He pleads for an answer.
29) 1) dialog: What's happened? Are you all right? Answer me!
29) 4) dialog: (hoarsely, as he exits) Go along to the Museum! I'll join you there! I haven't ti Alice stares after him as he vanishes.
30) 0) text: Susan is sitting in the chair where we left her. She look the door flies open and David dashes in and stops short,
30) 2) dialog: Susan! Are you all right?
30) 4) dialog: (stiffening with suspicion) Where is this alleged panther?
30) 7) dialog: (as he stalks to the bathroom door) I can see that I've been victimized once more by your unb imagination! As he speaks he is pulling open the bathroom door, which We see what he sees: a full-grown panther leaps out of th rears up playfully before him. David, dumbfounded, hastil and leans against it tensely.
30) 9) dialog: (a man in a crisis) Susan! You must get out of this apartment at once!
30) 11) dialog: Then you must get this thing out! I'll call the Zoo!
30) 13) dialog: (drags a chair and props it against bathroom door) But you can't. I won't allow it!
30) 16) dialog: That's absurd! Your brother is joking.
30) 18) dialog: (frantically) Stop it, Susan! Stop it! But he is too late. The panther is already out and coming who backs away.
30) 20) dialog: (shakily, backing away If we put the victrola in the bathroom, would he go back
30) 22) dialog: (still backing around) Make him stand still! (backs against the piano and closes his eyes in awful app
30) 24) dialog: (weakly, holding aloft the package which contains the bon If anything happens to me, see that this is delivered to
30) 29) dialog: (in revolt as he edges away from panther, who can't under nice man doesn't like him) Susan, maybe you're taking him to Connecticut. I want no
30) 31) dialog: I will not be involved in any more of your hare-brained s
30) 33) dialog: (the panther still following him) Now wait, Susan! Please! Let's take one thing at a time -
30) 35) dialog: Well, since there is small chance of my ever being in th see no point in my trying to figure it out. He reaches the door, holding the package which contains t bone.
30) 38) dialog: (instinctively protecting his fossil by holding it out of Susan! Don't jump at me! I'm a nervous man! I should be a with this -- right now!
30) 40) dialog: (grimly) Oh no I don't! There are two things in the world I have t my brontosaurus and get married!
30) 42) dialog: (doggedly) My one obligation is to be married at three o'clock!
30) 44) dialog: Susan, I am a zoologist. I am going to marry a zoologist. happy. This makes me unhappy. I have only one desire. Tha complete my brontosaurus. Now! And clutching his precious fossil he opens the door and s panther, who doesn't want him to leave alone, follows wit
30) 47) dialog: (stalking down the hall, unaware that the panther is at h It's no good calling me names, Susan. I'm not going to ar more. As he turns to deliver this parting shot, he sees our fri has that ‘whither-thou-goest-I-will-go’ look in his eye. sternly at the doorway where Susan stands and eyes Baby. masterful.
30) 48) dialog: Go back!
30) 50) dialog: (raising his voice) Back, sir!
30) 52) dialog: (to Baby, ignoring her Get back in that apartment!
31) 0) text: David at elevator. The elevator enters scene and the door David steps in and once more a door bangs almost on Baby' time Baby doesn't sit down and regard the door. He turns the stairs. The man is going down. Baby will find him.
32) 0) text: David emerges from the elevator, clutching his package, n on the Museum and his lifework. He walks through the corr down the stairs, falls in behind him. They walk out throu CAMERA FOLLOWING, and disappear.
33) 0) text: David, freed of his problem, starts to stride down Park A unaware that he has a friend whose devotion seems to be o lifelong things.
34) 0) text: REVERSE ANGLE on doorman of the apartment house as he wat progress of David and Baby with amazement. Susan comes in pulling on her hat. She dashes toward the curb where her stands.
35) 0) text: David is too absorbed in his thoughts to notice that his in some queer way to push people off the street. They edg and keep going in the other direction; in fact, without d without being aware of it, David clears the streets. Susa station wagon, pulls into scene and drives along beside h
35) 2) dialog: What?
35) 5) dialog: You can't do this!
35) 8) dialog: He's not mine!
35) 10) dialog: Susan, you can't leave me with this!
36) 0) text: MOVING SHOT station wagon bowling along. David sits in th beside Susan. Baby, in the back of the station wagon, is peering into the front seat, wishing that they'd let him them. He makes several futile attempts to achieve his pur pushed back by Susan, who is talking incessantly and, she convincingly.
36) 2) dialog: (finishing it) -- was leaving me with a leopard in the middle of Park Av
36) 7) dialog: (silencing her with a professorial gesture) Don't interrupt. I was about to say that if I emerge from temporary insanity, you are not going to blackmail me int I intend to deliver this animal, take the first train to my brontosaurus and get married. I shall endeavor to forg last twenty-four hours ever took place.
36) 9) dialog: If you don't mind, we won't go into a discussion concerni abnormal behaviour. I feel sure we wouldn't get anywhere. sure that, even if you could see things my way except ups could not carry on a sensible discussion while this beast down the back of my neck.
36) 16) dialog: Leave it alone! My head will come with it!
36) 19) text: to include the chicken wagon. The driver halts in his ste Susan and David is one thing. Abusing Susan, David and a another. As Baby leaps to the ground Susan sees him, aban wrenching at David's hat and further confounds him in his state by climbing over him to get to Baby. David, freed o tuggings, takes off his own hat with not too much trouble wading through ducks, geese and chickens, singing, "I Can Anything But Love, Baby." The chicken wagon driver is ba is quite pointless, because Baby is not at all interested He is interested purely and simply in selecting the goose chicken which will be most satisfactory to his palate. He no attention to Susan.
36) 20) text: David staring out of scene.
36) 21) dialog: (wildly) Susan! Never hang on to a leopard's tail!
36) 26) text: taking in station wagon and chicken wagon. The now thorou driver, who has abandoned his chickens in favor of his li footing it out of scene. Baby is crouched for a leap at a figure of a duck. David scrambles out of the station wago toward Baby.
36) 27) text: (bitterly as he runs) "Don't worry, David. Everything's going to be all right."
37) 0) text: We find David operating a tire pump. He has his back to t and Susan. His coat is off. His tie is off. His hair is r madder than ever. Susan sits on the hood, chin in hand, a interestedly. Baby, equally interested, is lying under th at the other side of the tire which David is pumping up. successfully gnawed through the tire, creating a space wh tube which David is pumping to protrude. As it puffs out draws back and regards it with interest. He pats it tenta
37) 2) dialog: (savagely) That wagon was on its own side of the road, Susan. Now do out of it! How much longer am I supposed to pump?
37) 4) dialog: (shouting) I saw it too and I say it wasn't in the middle! What time
37) 7) dialog: (bitterly) It doesn't seem to mean anything to you that I'm suppose New York at three o'clock.
37) 10) text: as David angrily stops pumping and turns to look at Susan
37) 11) dialog: But you can't just keep pumping a tire!
37) 14) text: David sinks dejectedly on to the runningboard, his head i
37) 18) text: (pointing to David) It's his. David stands up. He has had all he can bear. He turns and then looks at the officer.
37) 19) dialog: That, my friend, is a leopard. Webster calls it a large c prey with a beautifully spotted skin.
38) 2) text: Susan and David. They drive along toward Westlake.
38) 4) dialog: I still maintain that it was going a bit far to tell that we're part of the Westlake circus. I won't deny that you trapeze artist -- but by no stretch of the imagination do knife thrower.
38) 6) dialog: Would it be too much to ask that if there is any further do, I am allowed to do it?
38) 8) dialog: I was doing all right until you explained that Baby was j
39) 4) text: Susan and David as she turns off the ignition.
39) 5) dialog: (climbing out, protesting) This is madness! of all places, you want to stop in a tow a circus!
39) 7) dialog: But you say your house is only a mile away. why can't you it?
39) 10) text: taking in the front of the market and the two cars parked David enters the store a white-aproned clerk comes out wi still undressed chickens. He puts them in the back of Dig During this the sound of the circus calliope has grown lo approaching an intersection off-scene. Susan gets out and fender of the station wagon, peering. across the tops of cars. Constable Slocum comes back along sidewalk, retraci steps. A star shows on his chest. He stops and looks at S fire-plug, then comes over to her.
40) 0) text: A number of customers are there, among them Dr. Digby, wh vegetable stand inspecting the day's selection. David has his turn at the meat counter. Now it comes.
40) 1) dialog: I want twenty pounds of sirloin steak. Digby, as does every other customer in the place, turns h stares at David.
40) 3) text: David facing the flabbergasted clerk across the counter. bedraggled and dirty.
40) 5) dialog: Yes. I said twenty pounds.
40) 7) dialog: (with dignity) Neither. It's going to be eaten raw.
42) 2) dialog: (smiling foolishly as he reaches for the package which th handing him) oh, it's one of those faces -- I meet people every day -- -- who look just like me. (71)
42) 4) dialog: (as he backs away from counter, smiling foolishly at Digb It's not for me. It's for Baby. He makes his escape hurriedly out of scene.
43) 0) text: David comes out, carrying the twenty-pound package of mea intercostal clavicle. CAMERA PANS on him as he starts for and then stops short at what he sees: Susan backing Digby the parking space.
43) 3) dialog: (getting on the runningboard as she backs clear) Susan! What are you doing? This is not your car!
45) 0) text: WHAT HE SEES: The limousine lurching forward, engine raci visible from this angle. David, hanging to the runningboa apparently urging on the driver.
47) 0) text: Susan drives Digby's car in, shuts off the motor and clim opens the rear door as David climbs out wearily, still ca precious fossil. David is in a lather. He has had as much
47) 2) dialog: (grimly) Everything is not all right. On top of everything that's have stolen a car!
47) 4) dialog: (they start leading Baby toward a box-stall) I suppose you'd like me to leave it with the constable --
47) 6) dialog: (savagely) I know. You're going to file the numbers off the engine!
47) 7) text: (as though he were suggesting it Oh no, David -- that's dishonest. I'll send the gardener tonight -- after it's dark. David is speechless. CAMERA FOLLOWS them. Susan unlatches box stall and they lead Baby within, CAMERA FOLLOWING. Su and straightens up as she looks at David. (74)
47) 8) text: Now, David, I would suggest --
47) 9) dialog: (wildly) The only way you could get me to follow one of your sugge hold a bright object in front of a light! You see, Svenga is to get married! To get married I have to leave here. T without being arrested I have to have a shower. Where is
48) 0) text: David is under a shower. We can see his head above the fr of the stall shower.
49) 0) text: Susan rings a bell and begins picking up David's clothes over a chair. We can hear David splashing in the shower. containing the fossil bone has been set carefully on the fingers it curiously and calls off.
50) 0) text: David splashing under the shower.
50) 1) dialog: Yes, it's just a bone! Don't touch it, Susan. Put it down (vehemently) -- and go away!
51) 12) dialog: (indignantly) I don't want them pressed. I want to put them on. I must immediately.
51) 14) dialog: (grimly) I know that! That's why I want them! (looking past her around the room) Where are they?
51) 16) dialog: (frantically) Stop him! I can't wait!
51) 18) dialog: (through clenched teeth as she starts for the door) Everything is all right except that my fiancee is waiting York to be married -- and I'm not in New York.
51) 20) dialog: (wildly) But I have to have my clothes!
51) 22) dialog: (wildly, as she exits) Susan, you can't leave me here like this. But Susan has.
52) 3) dialog: You've heard about marriage, haven't you, Susan? Would it asking too much on my part to be allowed to worry about t is going to influence the rest of my life? (on a mounting note of hysteria) And while I'm worrying, do you mind telling me how I'm go to New York without any clothes?
52) 5) dialog: (shouting) Miss Swallow doesn't care how I look!
52) 7) dialog: (shouting frantically) I said Miss Swallow doesn't care how I look!
54) 0) text: David emerges from the guest bedroom, clutching a feather uncurled ostrich, with a train, about him, and strides ou in pursuit of an argument.
54) 1) dialog: Will you come out of that shower and help me find some cl have to come in and get you?
54) 3) dialog: (striding up and down -- to himself No, of course I wouldn't. (yells toward Mark's door) Susan Vance, come out of that shower this minute!
54) 5) dialog: (striding up and down with growing frenzy) You can hear what you want to hear.
54) 7) dialog: (striding around like an animal Oh, you can't? Well, I think you're a spoiled, conceited scatterbrain! The first time I looked at you I knew it. T you the more I realize it: The man who's unlucky enough t going to have a lifetime of misery!
54) 8) text: Near the end of this speech he yanks open the door and s he sees what we see: a well-preserved woman of 60, who is Elizabeth and, though David knows it not, is also Mrs. Ca Behind her are a uniformed chauffeur and an English maid, of luggage. Aunt Elizabeth holds a leash, to which is att dog. This is George, who in his own way has as many possi trouble as has Susan. Through the open doorway we can see parked in the driveway. David clutches the negligee about off into the living room again, speechless.
54) 11) dialog: (completely disorganized) My clothes?... Oh -- you mean my clothes. (as George growls and strains at the leash) Why, I -- I suppose you think it's odd my wearing this. I looks odd. I don't usually -- I mean I -- don't own one o - this isn't mine -- I'm -- I'm merely looking for my clo
54) 14) dialog: (still disorganized) I -- I don't know -- who is your niece?
54) 16) dialog: (meekly) Yes. She -- uh -- she's, taking a shower.
54) 36) dialog: Susan brought me here.
54) 38) dialog: (stammering) Well, it seems very complicated -- but she wanted to brin
54) 41) dialog: (violently) No!
54) 44) dialog: (violently) There's no telling what will happen if I don't get my clo be married!
54) 46) dialog: (wildly) If you'd listen to me instead of listening to her---
54) 50) text: The bedroom door bangs behind David, and Susan turns on A
55) 0) text: Susan has hurried into slacks and is wildly combing her h still damp from the shower. The door to the living room s George enters curiously. Susan grabs her lipstick and das room to intercept David. CAMERA STAYS on George, who has fossil on the chair. He regards it moodily for a moment, his mouth and with an air of ownership stalks out.
56) 0) text: Susan is confronting David, who is now dressed, stock and hunting. All David could find was white riding breeches, hunting coat.
56) 2) dialog: I am not responsible for you or your panther. It's your p have a problem. I still have to see Mr. Peabody. And I ha married!
56) 4) dialog: What's your aunt's a name?
56) 6) dialog: (hoping he's wrong but knowing he isn't) But she has another one.
56) 9) dialog: I've made a mistake. Don't tell me. I don't want to hear (starts for the door)
56) 11) dialog: Out of seven million people, why--why did I have to run i yesterday?
56) 13) dialog: Mrs. Carleton Random is going to give away a million doll
56) 15) dialog: (as if talking to an idiot) I want it for the museum!
56) 18) dialog: Susan--could you concentrate for just a minute? It's impo my work-- that your aunt never find out who I am. Can you Just that one thing? Susan is melting at his touch.
56) 20) dialog: (pulling her closer) You do understand, don't you?
56) 22) dialog: I'm going away from here. I'll never see you again. But - (in anguish) --don't--don't ever tell her my name! Tell her I'm Mark's her I'm a crackpot, if you like. But don't tell her I'm D Pushes her off and strides out. Susan groggily comes out love and follows him. [Scene Details]
57) 0) text: David strides in to get his precious fossil. He goes to picks up the empty box. With a horrified look he turns sm who has followed him.
57) 1) dialog: Where is it?
57) 4) dialog: (frantically) My intercostal clavicle!
57) 6) dialog: The bone! It's rare, it's precious! It took three expedit years to find that bone!
57) 8) dialog: (shaking her) Where is it? What did you do with it? Give it to me!
59) 0) text: David and Susan are crawling around, looking under furnit -in a frantic search for the bone. Both peer under the be meet.
59) 1) dialog: (agonized) Susan--try to remember! You're quite sure you didn't carr
59) 4) dialog: I wouldn't dare give a reason for anything you do! They crawl out simultaneously from under the bed. David s on the corner of the bed. Susan sits down on the other co back almost against his.
59) 6) dialog: (coldly) It took three expeditions and five years to find that one
59) 8) dialog: (his hands clenching prayerfully All right--we'll leave that. The point is, if I don't fin can't go back to New York!
59) 10) dialog: Susan! Please! There are some things you shouldn't try to an intercostal clavicle means to science--and to me--is b capacity. Where you can help is to remember where you put (91)
59) 12) dialog: Did you see anybody else in here?
60) 0) text: Susan and David come dashing from the guest bedroom and e Elizabeth in the entry. Aunt Elizabeth stares at David's David hurtles past them both and out the front door.
61) 0) text: David is walking around a bush, snapping his fingers and luringly. Susan dashes in to him.
61) 2) dialog: Susan, this isn't getting us anywhere. We'll never find t brute! Both start and turn as George growls at David.
61) 4) dialog: (indicating George's earthy muzzle and paws with agitatio Look! He's been digging! He's buried it!
61) 7) dialog: (sternly to George) Come on now--where did you put that bono?
61) 9) dialog: (bitterly addressing the dog) You cur!
61) 12) text: 123 The spot where we saw George bury the fossil. George come scene with Susan and David following expectantly. It is o George is leading them to his buried treasure. In a momen George has no such intention. He walks calmly over the sp Susan follow him.
61) 15) dialog: (through clenched teeth) You unfeeling beast!
63) 0) text: Susan, David, and George. David has completed the hole. H spade wearily and looks inquiringly at George. George, wh of digging or of seeing anyone else dig, puts the seal of whole business. With a burst of energy he begins filling
63) 1) dialog: (in a bitter voice as he leans unmoving on his spade) Oh, don't exhaust yourself, George. Let me do it.
63) 3) text: Follow him, David!
63) 4) text: David exits hurriedly in pursuit of George.
63) 30) text: David crawling through a hedge on his hands and knees aft
64) 0) text: David crawling after George. The dog stops as Aunt Elizab heard again.
66) 0) text: Susan and David are sitting on the bank of a stream compl Susan is happy because she has succeeded in keeping David David is unhappy because she has succeeded in keeping him
66) 2) dialog: (staring glumly ahead of him) I can't think how he could have found a place where we di dug up practically twenty-six acres.
66) 5) dialog: (glumly) But she has to let him out of the house sometime.
66) 7) dialog: (hopelessly) Of course it's just possible that he didn't bring it outd
66) 9) dialog: (looking around at her bitterly Relax? Do you realize that I've telephoned my fiancee twi my marriage?
66) 11) dialog: (violently) I haven't told her I've lost the intercostal clavicle! I It would be too great a shock to her!
66) 16) dialog: Oh, Susan, stop suggesting things!
66) 19) dialog: (bitterly) If it weren't for my fossil, I'd feed him George.
67) 0) text: Inside Box Stall -- David and Susan enter, leaving the do them. Susan pats the panther while David unwraps the pack bought at Westlake, which he has taken from the stolen ca crouches over the meat there is a low growl from the doo escaped the stern eye of Aunt Elizabeth and is spying as
67) 2) dialog: You grab him. You know him better.
67) 4) dialog: (advancing on George) Keep that panther back. We can't lose George--yet.
67) 6) dialog: Mark probably meant he eats dogs. He pounces on George in the dim light and goes out of the Susan following.
67) 9) dialog: (bitterly) He can't. His mouth is full of my hand.
68) 0) text: David has changed back into his own clothes except for h on a fresh shirt and looks quite respectable again. He is telephone in the midst of an agitated conversation with M agitation arising largely from Susan's jerking at his elb
68) 1) dialog: But, Alice dear, I can't get in! I've been unavoidably de
68) 3) dialog: (putting his hand over the mouthpiece) Susan, will you go away?
68) 5) dialog: (into phone) What, dear? What did you say? ...Yes, dear, I know it's u There is a blast from the other end of the wire.
68) 7) dialog: (goaded beyond control, fairly shouts into phone as the b I might as well tell you, Alice, --I've lost the intercos
68) 9) dialog: (aghast as he indicates the drawer) But you can't just leave Alice there!
68) 11) dialog: Alice! Answer me! Alice! Susan crowds her face into the transmitter and speaks in of an operator.
70) 14) dialog: (extending their hands and speaking simultaneously) How do you do, Mr. Bone!
70) 17) dialog: But there must be some mistake --
70) 20) text: David goes out in an utter daze. Applegate looks after h
72) 0) text: Aunt Elizabeth, Major Applegate, David and Susan are seat Conversation is slightly impeded because David will not l but George, who lies on the floor well within view. Mrs. already served soup to David, Susan and Aunt Elizabeth. N through pantry door, bears down upon Major Applegate.
72) 3) dialog: (abruptly, without taking his eyes off George) No.
72) 5) dialog: No. Why should I? Applegate looks helplessly at Aunt Elizabeth, who makes a washing her hands of the whole business.
72) 7) dialog: No.
72) 10) dialog: Excuse me. Applegate follows David's exit with his gaze.
72) 16) dialog: I've never been in the Malay Peninsula. This throws them all for a loss.
72) 19) dialog: (muttering) Excuse me. All watch as David stalks out after George.
75) 0) text: GROUP SHOT. As David and George enter there is a terrific scene. David, without a word of explanation about his abs his seat and fixes his eyes on George.
77) 13) dialog: (rising as one) Excuse me! Applegate, checked in mid-sentence, stares open-mouthed a figures.
77) 18) dialog: Now don't lose your head
77) 20) dialog: Don't lose your head!
77) 23) dialog: (shaking her) Collect yourself, Susan! hysteria. Stop shaking!
79) 0) text: David at telephone in an agitated state.
79) 1) dialog: Listen! It doesn't matter what my name is. I -- saw -- a
81) 0) text: Susan, Applegate, Aunt Elizabeth at table. Susan has fini She is prattling to cover David's telephoning.
82) 0) text: David is just hanging up the telephone receiver as Susan room, skids on the rug and falls at his feet.
82) 2) dialog: I've called the Zoo. It's all fixed!
82) 4) dialog: I will not! I told the Zoo they could have the panther if
82) 6) dialog: I've had enough! I quit!
82) 9) dialog: You told me the only thing standing between you and a mil that panther. Well -- now it's gone!
82) 11) dialog: I've just spent fifteen minutes convincing them that I di They won't believe me!
82) 13) dialog: (wrenching receiver back) You'll do nothing of the sort! (starts to dial)
83) 12) dialog: There's nobody there. The night watchman says they've all panther hunting.
83) 14) dialog: (mad) A bigger panther!
84) 0) text: Aunt Elizabeth and Major Applegate are at coffee as Susan enter. David starts walking around the table, peering und George.
84) 2) dialog: (agitated) George! Where's George?
84) 4) dialog: Matter?... Susan, you've lost George again!
84) 6) dialog: He has my intercostal clavicle!
84) 14) dialog: No.
84) 16) dialog: (savagely) Well, since you put it that way I'd say it's a panther! Susan just moans. David is on the loose.
84) 20) dialog: All right -- it's a loon!
84) 22) dialog: I know.
84) 26) dialog: It's still a loon!
84) 31) dialog: Try again, Major. Maybe it will come in and we'll see wha
84) 33) dialog: It was a long time coming back! Applegate cups his hands a gain, glancing over his should then lets out a piercing yodel. All listen except Susan, fingers in her ears. Back comes the answering scream of B
84) 35) dialog: Yes. Susan, seeing that David is mad enough to tell the whole fast and frantically. She rises from the table weakly, he fluttering uncertainly, her eyes in a fixed, unnatural st
84) 37) dialog: (savagely) Well, you're not, you little fiend! You're just plain vic
84) 39) dialog: She has all the kind instincts of a cobra. Only a cobra d looking for you.
84) 44) dialog: You bet she'll be. All right! She'd be all right in a den Susan totters gracefully and falls.
84) 46) dialog: She's shamming. Applegate brings a carafe of water, tremblingly pours a g it to Aunt Elizabeth, who props up Susan's head and tries between her lips.
84) 50) dialog: (calmly) If the little beast knew how silly she looked, she'd revi
84) 52) dialog: Maybe. But I'm not a fool. I know when people faint they backward.
84) 54) dialog: (silencing her wildly by pushing motions through the air No! No, Susan! What do you want me to do? Whatever it is,
93) 0) text: TRUCK SHOT Susan and David searching for Baby. Susan is s Give You Anything But Love, Baby.’ She breaks off and tur is loaded down with the fish net and rope.
93) 1) text: David, you might sing. At least.
93) 3) dialog: I can't sing.
93) 5) dialog: But not for singing.
93) 7) dialog: (bitterly) I'd have to see her first. But I have a feeling I never w The bark of a dog is heard. David stops rigidly and looks river.
93) 8) dialog: That's a dog!
95) 0) text: Susan and David watching this.
95) 1) dialog: (in a frozen tone) In another minute my intercostal clavicle will be gone. F (putting his hand on her arm beseechingly) Susan, now think! Is there any way to cross this river?
95) 5) dialog: (bitterly) No, Susan we're right back where we started. Only we're w
95) 7) dialog: (savagely) While I'm wet I might as well go to the other side! (dives in and starts swimming across)
96) 0) text: Susan and David emerge dripping from the water, climb the at the rise of ground.
96) 2) dialog: yell simultaneously.
96) 5) dialog: 
96) 8) dialog: turn on each other accusingly and speak simultaneously.
96) 10) dialog: Did you have to yell like that?
97) 0) text: Susan and David catapult into scene, land flat on their f shoulder. For a moment they lie with their faces down, th heads and rest them on the earth, face to face.
97) 3) dialog: I regret to say, Susan, I didn't think of it.
97) 5) dialog: Your powers of endurance are remarkable, Susan. Mine aren like peace and quiet. (there is a long silence) You know, I've been thinking. It's foolish of me to be fo around, trying to find a panther that will bring you a mi want for the Museum. (another thoughtful silence) If you'd planned it, you couldn't have ruined my chances bequest more thoroughly. You tell your aunt that I'm craz my name is Bone and you don't tell me. You tell her I'm a and you don't tell me. You tell anybody anything that co head and you don't tell me!
97) 7) dialog: If Peabody sees me, he's going to tell your aunt who I am crazy, too. He won't remember the four years I've spent o brontosaurus group. He'll only remember that I hit him on rock -- he thinks.
97) 10) dialog: Yes. Let's stay here and let George and Baby look for us. They lie in silence for a moment, both engrossed in their hers of love, his of murder. Faintly from the distance we calliope.
97) 12) dialog: That is Westlake. There's a circus there. Can you remembe to this morning? That's where I'm supposed to be throwing you're riding a trapeze. And here we are. Just loafing.
100) 0) text: Susan and David have built a small bonfire. Carefully lai before it are David's shirt and Susan's dress. She is wea which has already dried somewhat. He is clad only in his
100) 2) dialog: Next time I'll try and arrange one. Or perhaps there are bathhouses for people like you. There must be.
100) 4) dialog: You probably had practice setting fire to the house when child.
100) 9) text: Susan and David.
100) 11) dialog: Well, that's that. Is George with him?
100) 13) dialog: All I promised to do was help you find Baby. Well -- we'v Susan begins to push David toward the front of the truck. with them.
100) 15) dialog: But what can I talk about?
100) 21) dialog: I'm not going to Bridgeport.
100) 23) dialog: Yes. They wait
100) 25) dialog: Yes.
100) 27) dialog: Yes. It is.
100) 39) dialog: Now, Bridgeport is a nice little town, but with a populat thousand you can't expect gaiety. New York, on the other million people, naturally tends to have centers of entert best talent quite reasonably flows to a point where there people to appreciate it. Susan flies around and clutches at David in the glare of is dragging the rope and looks equally nutty.
101) 0) text: The bad panther is climbing a tree. The next moment we he voice, calling sweetly, "Baby! Baby!" She and David trudg directly under the panther, who is on a limb. They are no Susan points.
101) 3) dialog: He couldn't have got that far.
103) 0) text: Susan, David and the panther above their heads, listening points off excitedly.
106) 0) text: TRUCK SHOT -- Susan and David pushing their way through. springy bushes one by one they fly back in David's face. particularly strong limb and it gives him a terrific belt
106) 2) dialog: My rough guess is somewhere near the Canadian border.
106) 4) dialog: Watch where you're going!
106) 7) dialog: Now, Susan, you're tired and I'm tired. I'd suggest that
106) 9) dialog: Oh, Susan, do stop making a fool of yourself!
106) 12) dialog: Didn't what?
106) 14) dialog: Oh, very well. He sits down on a log and lights a cigarette. Susan pushe the brush. Her blind crashing is heard. There is a terrif silence. David listens as a gurgling cry rises to a wail. out his cigarette and starts in the direction of the wail
107) 0) text: Susan crying and rolling over as she tries to extricate h mass of vines. David stalks in. Once more he lifts her to that she is no longer the managing Susan his tenderness c fore. He still knows that she is a menace but he realizes something soft and feminine in his arms.
107) 1) dialog: Susan, your natural instinct for being wrong astounds me. rather be with you wrong than with anyone else right.
107) 6) dialog: But it's Baby!
108) 0) text: Baby and George come prowling along. David comes dashing thicket, followed by Susan, who is now pursuing David, no David reaches Baby and begins to stroke him.
108) 1) dialog: Good Baby. Nice Baby. (George growls; David looks at the dog grimly I'll deal with you later. (reaches toward Susan, behind him) Quick -- give me that rope!
108) 3) dialog: All right. You take him home!
110) 0) text: Susan and David leading panther and George. Applegate's s hideously. Baby jumps and takes refuge in the nearest tre
110) 4) dialog: I suppose now you want me to climb up and push him down?
112) 0) text: Susan and David under the treed panther. Susan is singing Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby’. George sits besi feeling for music beginning to stir. David is picking up wherever he can find a word that he knows. George, caught of the thing, lifts his muzzle and croons in unison -- he chorus rises Baby lifts his voice in his own version.
116) 0) text: Susan, David, George and the panther. The singing ceases
118) 0) text: Susan, David, George and Baby. At the report Baby leaps streaks away. David makes a flying tackle at George and c armful of leaves. George too vanishes. Applegate, followe comes dashing in.
118) 2) dialog: Oh, we're fine. We're just dandy.
118) 7) dialog: (savagely) Major Applegate, we've spent the entire evening treeing t It's tame -- don't you understand? It's a tame panther!
118) 10) dialog: Susan, don't you think that if we stopped trying to keep secret from everybody there might be less confusion and m getting the panther?
118) 12) dialog: I do. (turns to Applegate) You may have heard, sir, that Mrs. Random was expecting a Brazil -- a pet panther. (points off) That is the panther.
118) 17) dialog: I know it's hard to believe, but I can explain it. Gogarty sneers again and looks up at the stars.
119) 0) text: An open car stands in front of the porch. There are three in it, and a fourth man -- the same Zoo official we saw o with David -- is confronting Aunt Elizabeth, who is in th
120) 0) text: GROUP SHOT on David, Susan, Major Applegate and Gogarty. Gogarty are listening intently.
120) 1) dialog: Well, sir, that's the story. We had him until you fired. to find him again.
121) 19) text: on Susan and David trudging along country road.
121) 21) dialog: Susan, I think we won't discuss that.
121) 23) dialog: I couldn't kiss you accidentally, Susan. If I kissed you quite deliberate.
121) 25) dialog: No. I suppose there wouldn't.
121) 27) dialog: Yes. It's quite different.
121) 30) dialog: Susan, I am an engaged man. If I hadn't lost my fossil, I married man.
121) 32) dialog: I don't intend to kiss you, Susan. You might as well put pretty little head. I intend to go back to New York and b They are passing a country house, when a low growl is hea and stare off.
121) 33) dialog: What's that? There is another growl.
121) 34) dialog: (simultaneously) George! They dive in the direction of the sound.
122) 0) text: George on lawn in front of house. Susan and David come ar bush and bear down on him purposefully! George backs off. Suddenly Susan points up, her voice husky with excitement
124) 0) text: Susan, David and George. Susan stands still, looking upwa while David pursues the one being that knows where his in clavicle is. George trots off around the house. David fol advances toward veranda.
125) 0) text: George enters and crawls under the side porch. David drop and knees and disappears after him.
129) 0) text: George emerges from under porch and trots off. David gri behind him and trots off.
142) 0) text: George and David playing "Follow the Leader." George goe porch. David, wary, goes to other side and waits, ready t George, who is no fool, comes out of the same opening and a teasing trot. David follows him.
146) 0) text: David comes around corner of house after George. A look o over his face.
148) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT -- David, as he puts his hand over his eyes. T straw. Now they really are in the toils.
152) 3) dialog: silhouetted against the study window. Past him the consta grab him. There is a struggle. George escapes.
153) 7) dialog: (dragged in by constables) Where?
154) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Susan and David behind the bars of adjoining barred partition between them. David stands dejectedly ho handkerchief over one eye. Susan is on her knees in a bus pick the lock of her cell with a hairpin.
154) 1) dialog: Susan, what are you doing?
154) 3) dialog: Don't be a fool.
160) 0) text: TRUCK SHOT -- on cells. The occupants are, in order: Dav Gogarty, Applegate and Aunt Elizabeth. All but David are protests. He sits quietly in a corner of his cell with hi hands.
164) 0) text: Slocum and Elmer are outside David's cell with Dr. Digby taking notes. We see Susan sitting on the floor, her elbo her two hands cupping her face, as she listens. Another o horrible plans is forming. David leans against the bars d
164) 5) dialog: Well, what about it? How much did they get?
164) 9) dialog: I tell you again I'm not a thief. You're wasting your tim
164) 11) dialog: I was after a panther.
164) 15) dialog: What do you expect me to do, whistle him in here?
164) 18) dialog: Charles Evans Hughes and Jim Farley.
164) 23) dialog: (wildly) Susan, it won't work out! Whatever it is, it won't work o
164) 25) dialog: (to Slocum) Don't believe a word that woman says! The truth isn't in
164) 33) dialog: She's making it all up out of motion pictures she's seen!
164) 48) text: Susan lunges at David and gets her arms around his neck t She kisses him roundly. David struggles and finally shove open hand, in the chest. Susan staggers, loses her balanc sitting, livid with rage.
167) 2) text: Elmer, the deputy, is unlocking David's cell. Miss Swallo David as he steps out.
167) 3) dialog: (weakly) Hello, Alice.
167) 5) dialog: The what? Oh -- yes -- (with a weary gesture) No -- I haven't found it.
167) 13) dialog: Just name anything. I've done it.
170) 4) dialog: Mrs. Random, if you're still interested, you have a panth Baby. (advances to Baby confidently and begins to stroke the pa
172) 2) dialog: You mean to say there's another panther? You lost a panth truck?
174) 1) text: Baby! I'll whack the living daylights out of you! The bad panther stops and begins lashing his tail, seeing eyes staring at him. Here at last are people he can cow. obscures from Susan's view, Baby on the desk. Everyone st Finally there is an agonized cry from David.
174) 3) dialog: 
174) 9) text: David and Susan, left alone in the middle of the room.
174) 10) dialog: (anguished) Susan! points off toward desk weakly. Susan's gaze turns to whe pointing.
174) 14) dialog: - in the middle of the room. Susan is still holding to th scared to let go. The bad panther, lashing his tail and s between her and David, crouching.
174) 15) dialog: (facing the killer) Susan -- let go of that rope -- and run!
174) 17) dialog: (clutching vaguely for a chair behind him) Susan, I know that! I love you, too! But will you let go and get out!
174) 19) text: David and the crumpled figure of Susan, toward the cells, the bad panther charges toward Baby. David takes one agon his shoulder at the prostrate Susan and, holding the chai starts toward the bad panther.
174) 22) dialog: Susan! Darling! Are you all right? Susan! Answer me! The panther backs slowly, menacingly in through the open vacant cell and David bangs the door on it just as the pa In a state of collapse, not knowing what he is doing, he into the chair which he has been carrying. The panther sp ferociously at the bars behind him. But David no longer k As he sits there, Susan comes crawling in to him on her k of heroism has been too much for her. She puts her arms a as she thrills with love.
174) 24) dialog: No! I'm not all right I'll never be all right again! Susa a menace to society. I never want to see you or your aunt again! I'm going back to my Museum, and I'm going to be q (hysterically) Quiet, quiet, do you hear? Did you ever hear the word? And he staggers out, leaving her still on her knees with arms reaching after him. She turns on the bad panther in wail.
175) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Miss Swallow facing David, who is at work on b.g. we see the huge structure of the brontosaurus. David holding up. Miss Swallow is taking a ring from her finger always carry the picture of a man who has been foolish bu
175) 2) dialog: Alice, I tell you I'm not infatuated! (then regaining control) I couldn't marry her. Multiply those two days by three hu five! The result is unthinkable! (sadly) But you're quite right. I couldn't marry anyone else. (facing a drab future without Susan) I'm going to devote my life to science. If you'll work wi complete the Brontosaurus Group.
175) 6) dialog: (shouting after her) I didn't mean to lose the intercostal clavicle! I didn't But I lost it! Any woman would understand that!
175) 10) dialog: on top of his stepladder. He looks down and sees Susan. H down to her but he is afraid.
175) 13) dialog: on top of his stepladder. He knows if he comes down he wi his arms and that means the rest of his life.
175) 18) dialog: David on top of his stepladder.
175) 19) dialog: Susan! I warn you -- don't come up here!
175) 22) dialog: on top of his stepladder, alarmed.
175) 23) dialog: Something always happens when you say that. Susan, please and your panther have cost the Museum a million dollars!
175) 25) dialog: Susan, there is a difference between science and love. I science. You are devoted to love. (indicating skeleton) There's a wide gap between us. (reaching out) I'm very grateful to you -- I mean to George -- no, to yo I mean I'm very grateful. But give it to me.
175) 28) dialog: (fighting love) Give me that bone!....And Susan -- do stop rocking!
175) 30) dialog: But, Susan -- this is four years' work! (agonized) Susan -- will you stop rocking?
175) 36) dialog: Susan! Susan! Are you all right? Speak to me! He uncovers her face, close, to his.
175) 38) dialog: (exhausted with love, exertion and relief) Darling, this is going to be terrible -- but will you mar