54) 8) text: Near the end of this speech he yanks open the door and s he sees what we see: a well-preserved woman of 60, who is Elizabeth and, though David knows it not, is also Mrs. Ca Behind her are a uniformed chauffeur and an English maid, of luggage. Aunt Elizabeth holds a leash, to which is att dog. This is George, who in his own way has as many possi trouble as has Susan. Through the open doorway we can see parked in the driveway. David clutches the negligee about off into the living room again, speechless.
55) 0) text: Susan has hurried into slacks and is wildly combing her h still damp from the shower. The door to the living room s George enters curiously. Susan grabs her lipstick and das room to intercept David. CAMERA STAYS on George, who has fossil on the chair. He regards it moodily for a moment, his mouth and with an air of ownership stalks out.
58) 0) text: Under a rose bush, George is pawing dirt over the buried his handiwork critically from several sides, and then amb
61) 12) text: 123 The spot where we saw George bury the fossil. George come scene with Susan and David following expectantly. It is o George is leading them to his buried treasure. In a momen George has no such intention. He walks calmly over the sp Susan follow him.
63) 0) text: Susan, David, and George. David has completed the hole. H spade wearily and looks inquiringly at George. George, wh of digging or of seeing anyone else dig, puts the seal of whole business. With a burst of energy he begins filling
63) 4) text: David exits hurriedly in pursuit of George.
64) 0) text: David crawling after George. The dog stops as Aunt Elizab heard again.
72) 0) text: Aunt Elizabeth, Major Applegate, David and Susan are seat Conversation is slightly impeded because David will not l but George, who lies on the floor well within view. Mrs. already served soup to David, Susan and Aunt Elizabeth. N through pantry door, bears down upon Major Applegate.
75) 0) text: GROUP SHOT. As David and George enter there is a terrific scene. David, without a word of explanation about his abs his seat and fixes his eyes on George.
84) 0) text: Aunt Elizabeth and Major Applegate are at coffee as Susan enter. David starts walking around the table, peering und George.
96) 6) dialog: 
104) 0) text: MED. SHOT -- Baby and George playing together. Applegate' heard. Baby scrambles to his feet and listens.
108) 0) text: Baby and George come prowling along. David comes dashing thicket, followed by Susan, who is now pursuing David, no David reaches Baby and begins to stroke him.
110) 0) text: Susan and David leading panther and George. Applegate's s hideously. Baby jumps and takes refuge in the nearest tre
112) 0) text: Susan and David under the treed panther. Susan is singing Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby’. George sits besi feeling for music beginning to stir. David is picking up wherever he can find a word that he knows. George, caught of the thing, lifts his muzzle and croons in unison -- he chorus rises Baby lifts his voice in his own version.
114) 0) text: WHAT HE SEES: MED. LONG SHOT of the choral scene. To Appl panther seems to be crouching, preparatory to springing o and George.
116) 0) text: Susan, David, George and the panther. The singing ceases
118) 0) text: Susan, David, George and Baby. At the report Baby leaps streaks away. David makes a flying tackle at George and c armful of leaves. George too vanishes. Applegate, followe comes dashing in.
122) 0) text: George on lawn in front of house. Susan and David come ar bush and bear down on him purposefully! George backs off. Suddenly Susan points up, her voice husky with excitement
124) 0) text: Susan, David and George. Susan stands still, looking upwa while David pursues the one being that knows where his in clavicle is. George trots off around the house. David fol advances toward veranda.
125) 0) text: George enters and crawls under the side porch. David drop and knees and disappears after him.
129) 0) text: George emerges from under porch and trots off. David gri behind him and trots off.
142) 0) text: George and David playing "Follow the Leader." George goe porch. David, wary, goes to other side and waits, ready t George, who is no fool, comes out of the same opening and a teasing trot. David follows him.
146) 0) text: David comes around corner of house after George. A look o over his face.
168) 0) text: MOVING SHOT on cage-truck from the circus. George and Bab behind it. Baby scents the former occupant of the cage. J down and start for jail door.
169) 0) text: Joe and Mac go in. George and Baby follow.
174) 11) text: Baby, terrified, standing on the desk. George, equally fr peering under Baby's stomach. Suddenly both, seeing an em from the desk and dash for it.
174) 13) text: empty cell as Baby and George streak in, crowding for fir Elizabeth, who is in the next cell, reaches around and ba shut.