20) 0) text: Minty lies asleep on a bed of pine needles, hidden agains ridge. Suddenly she’s jarred awake by a tidal wave in her soul... A PRAYING MANTIS seems to be looking at her intently. We hear THE VOICE: QUIET. DANGER. We hear DOGS and VOICES... Minty doesn’t dare move... A PATROL of men on horseback, approaching. We hear GIDEON VOICE.
22) 1) text: We hear HORSES AND DOGS.... She dashes across, looking be her as-- BUTCH and MORRIS, two dangerous looking white men, conver with the dogs on horseback. Minty sprints away from them, but stops short when-- GIDEON appears with Foxx the other side, also on horsebac
67) 8) text: Eliza backhands her, sending her into the wall. Anger wai
134) 0) text: We see a circle of torches... A large group of planters are gathered in the woods, including Vern. The mood is dangerous. Eliza and Gideon are in the center of the circle.
135) 0) text: Harriet sneaks up to the house and slips inside. INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Anger stands on a stool, combing Becky’s hair. Vincent an Victor stand in the doorway, drunk and surly.
135) 2) dialog: Out wit Massa Gideon. Vincent and Victor look at each other in confusion.
135) 10) dialog: Trader carry ‘im off. Dey kep us lock out in de smoke house, on’y let us out to bury mama, den de trader took ‘im. Harriet takes this in, gun aimed at the Brodess kids.
137) 0) text: Harriet come running out with Anger. Walter heads them of The dogs sound the alarm in their kennels.
138) 0) text: Walter and Harriet are on the horse. Two SLAVE WOMEN are squeezed in the cart, Anger between them. TWO MEN run alongside. A very light-skinned slave dashes from the woods in front the cart. TILLY’s eyes are desperate.
144) 0) text: Harriet and Walter, in Tilly’s dress, uncover the rest of Freedom Seekers, who emerge from the corn, stretching cra limbs. Harriet pulls corn silk from Anger’s hair. Ben rub Rit’s shoulders. Tilly, weak with nerves, leans over her knees, trying not vomit.
146) 0) text: Harriet, her family, and the freedom-seekers are huddled small grove of trees by the waterfront. Ben is asleep holding Anger on his lap. Harriet strokes h mother’s hair.
148) 0) text: Harriet hands Anger up to Walter and helps the last of th freedom-seekers onto the boat. As she prepares to climb aboard... She feels the familiar flutter in her chest, her whole bo buzzing with it... DANGER.