1) 7) text: He holds it above her head. Minty jumps into his arms. H checks to make sure no one’s looking and then spins her, kissing her deeply. A stolen moment. Minty’s father, BEN, 60, handsome and wiry, stands a disc distance away, letting the lovers have their space. She r to him. MINTY (CONT’D) Daddy! We got it! We got de letter! What it say, John? Read it to me!
2) 2) text: their children, ROBERT, 32, tall and muscular, BEN JR “JUNYAH”, 26, HENRY 18, and RACHEL, 20, heavily pregnant with a toddler in hand. All singing with mournful passion
2) 15) dialog: Massa Brodess, can we git a word?
3) 0) text: Brodess waves them forward. John, Ben and Minty step onto the veranda. Rit stands back, keeping her distance. Eliza looks on from the doorway. Gideon leans against a pillar, arms crossed, eyes on Minty. She trembles as Ben steps up hat in his hand.
3) 1) dialog: Massa Brodess... I think you know Minty’s husband, John, who works with me over at Thompson Mill...
3) 12) dialog: I worked some extra hours for Thompson. Took near two year. (CONTINUED )
3) 13) text: Eliza looks from Ben and John to Minty, outraged.
4) 0) text: Ben supports a sobbing Rit. John tries to comfort Minty. takes her face and kisses her hard. Gideon pursues them.
16) 12) dialog: Don’t wanna look at ya. Wanna say I ain't seen ya. I can see your heart.
16) 14) dialog: Listen here, gurl - you go to Rev Green church, ask him to pray for your journey. (CONTINUED )
16) 17) dialog: Do what I say. Go to Rev Green church, ask him to pray for your journey.
16) 19) dialog: Just know I’1l be with you.
16) 21) dialog: I love you too. A sob is stuck in his chest, the strain of not looking at proving too much for him. BEN (CONT’D) Go on, then. Minty tucks the figure into her pocket and kisses him. Sh walks out the door... EXT. BEN ROSS’S CABIN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
16) 22) dialog: Minty! Ben steps out, points in the sky towards the Big Dipper.
16) 23) dialog: Don’t forgit the Big Dipper. Pointer stars in the cup point directly to the North Star. Follow the North Star.
16) 25) text: Minty turns and runs. Ben stands silhouetted in the doorw eyes dropping to the earth.
19) 6) dialog: I ain’t seen her, suh. Ain’t looked on my daughter’s face since Massa Brodess run us off. Gideon and Foxx face Ben and his boss, the owner of the estate, A.C. THOMPSON, 50s. John stands bleeding between them, face split from the whip. Gideon is irate.
26) 0) text: The cart is piled high with wheat and hay. Minty crawls beneath the tarp and tucks herself between bales of hay. She rests. Her breathing slows, her eyes closing...
55) 0) text: Harriet stealthily approaches the estate where her husban and father work. She pauses beneath a tree, her excitemen tinged with a sense of foreboding.
61) 1) dialog: John told me you was here. BEN sits close by, back against a tree, kerchief tied ove his eyes, Harriet’s satchel at his feet.
61) 5) dialog: Minty, some things ain’t meant to be. But you here now is a miracle - I got your brothers hidin’ in the corncrib. Miz Eliza fixin’ to sell ‘em. Harriet is sobered by this, realizing the significance of vision... Ben hands her the satchel.
62) 1) dialog: They been waitin’ on Robert. Mary’s in labor and he won’t leave her til she delivers. He unlatches the door and Harriet’s brothers - Junyah and Henry climb out.
62) 14) dialog: Rit wit me. ANGLE ON - BEN’S CABIN in the distance, where they can se Rit moving slowly about inside. BEN (CONT’D) Miss Eliza let me buy her freedom. Ain’t have much use for her. Rit ain’t been right since she heard you drownt. Her heart would burst, she knew you was here, bout to run again, wit the boys. I’11 take care of your mama. Don’chu worry bout us. Harriet takes in the crew of fugitives, processing. (CONTINUED )
62) 18) dialog: It’s late. You need to go. I’11 send Robert on.
62) 20) dialog: By sunrise, they'll be after you too. This truth sobers them. Just then we see a dark form, streaking across the field towards them. Harriet runs to meet him.
62) 26) text: Ben reaches for his son’s shoulder. Harriet looks up into her brother’s face, sharing his pai
62) 30) dialog: Ain't but a few hours a dark left. If you goin’, you need to go. The siblings take a last look at their mother in Ben’s ca wishing they could say goodbye. EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - MINUTES LATER Harriet and her brothers lead their blindfolded father to tree-lined edge of the field. Robert is wearing the suit. Ben hugs each of his sons. He kisses his daughter. She clings to him.
62) 32) dialog: Me and your mama will be fine. I ain’t goin’ nowhere til all my children free. He touches his daughter’s face. BEN (CONT’D) Git gone, now. I ain’t seen none a you. Harriet leads the freedom seekers off, leaving Ben alone the path. He waits until he no longer hears them, then he lifts the kerchief from his damp eyes.
70) 0) text: Reverend Green lights the evening candles. The doors of the church burst open and Gideon and his pos storm in. Reverend turns, appalled, as dogs rush into the sanctuary and Bigger and the men turn over the rough-hewn pews and benches.
131) 12) dialog: Minty! I can’t pull my eyes away. I need to look at’ya. (tear in his eyes) It’s good to see you, gurl. He wrenches his eyes away. BEN (CONT’D) Who you come for?
132) 0) text: Harriet and Ben join Walter at the cart, where he’s strap Rit into the rig.
132) 2) dialog: I know.
144) 0) text: Harriet and Walter, in Tilly’s dress, uncover the rest of Freedom Seekers, who emerge from the corn, stretching cra limbs. Harriet pulls corn silk from Anger’s hair. Ben rub Rit’s shoulders. Tilly, weak with nerves, leans over her knees, trying not vomit.
146) 0) text: Harriet, her family, and the freedom-seekers are huddled small grove of trees by the waterfront. Ben is asleep holding Anger on his lap. Harriet strokes h mother’s hair.