3) 0) text: Brodess waves them forward. John, Ben and Minty step onto the veranda. Rit stands back, keeping her distance. Eliza looks on from the doorway. Gideon leans against a pillar, arms crossed, eyes on Minty. She trembles as Ben steps up hat in his hand.
3) 13) text: Eliza looks from Ben and John to Minty, outraged.
3) 14) dialog: You have the gall to stand here and tell us you been plotting against us for two years? Brodess tears up the letter. The blacks are stricken. He balls up the torn paper and tosses it to Gideon.
6) 0) text: Minty is sleeping. Her eyes open. A second later, we hear ELIZA’s SCREAM-— As Eliza continues screaming, the other family members st
7) 0) text: Slaves come out of their cabins and look in the direction the big house, Eliza’s distress coming from within... (CONTINUED )
7) 2) dialog: He’s dead! Oh, God, he’s dead! ON MINTY, horrified...
8) 0) text: A few gravestones on a shady patch of lawn. Minty, Rit and Rachel stand with the women, children and elderly Brodess slaves at a fresh gravesite on the proper as the Ross brothers and male slaves lower Brodess’s plai coffin into the earth. A WHITE MINISTER mumbles gloomy wo to the neighboring farmers and family friends in attendan Eliza is with her children, face swollen from crying, cho with grief. Rit and Rachel keep their eyes downcast, thoughts hidden. Minty prays in earnest, tears streaming. She looks up... Gideon is glaring at her, wounded accusation in his eyes.
54) 0) text: Gideon sits at a desk, writing, while Eliza dictates. (CONTINUED )
54) 2) dialog: Dear Dr. Thompson--No, dear brother-in- law... I hope you will accept this modest payment on the money owed you by my departed--my dearly departed Edward. It has not been easy for me with him gone. He left us in a sorry state of affairs, the depths of which we've only recently discovered. Since you have said you are not in a position to forgive the loan, please accept the enclosed $7.50. I will try to make another payment next month. Your neighbor and sister-in-law, Eliza Brodess. Gideon puts some bills and coins into an envelope.
54) 4) dialog: Our stature in this community, is measured in negroes. We can’t live like paupers. Who’s supposed to work the fields - the twins?
54) 7) dialog: With you unmarried and sleeping in brothels? Gideon and Eliza exchange a loaded look.
54) 9) text: A beat. Eliza gives a long, dramatic sigh, gesturing for to begin anew... He takes another sheet.
54) 10) dialog: Negroes for sale...
67) 0) text: Eliza rages in her dressing gown, smashing plates and vas against the walls by Foxx’s head. He ducks, resigned. Gideon watches his mother’s tantrum, grimly.
67) 1) dialog: 
67) 6) dialog: 5 slaves - over $2000! This whole farm ain't worth but $5000. We got a rat in our pantry, and it will starve us if we don’t trap it and kill it! RACHEL!! Rachel appears, holding a baby. A brown-skinned girl of four, ANGERINE “ANGER”, trails behind her. Rachel quickly hands Anger her baby brother and looks at her mistress pleasantly.
67) 8) text: Eliza backhands her, sending her into the wall. Anger wai
67) 9) dialog: Don’t you “yessum” me, you black bitch! Your brothers run off! Gideon grabs Rachel by the neck and pins her to the wall.
67) 25) dialog: How could your father leave me with his debts and his mutinous slaves?! Gideon goes to his mother.
107) 0) text: We can see Rachel and Eliza moving about inside. Harriet hides in the bushes and watches as Rachel comes downstairs with a tray. She looks beaten and frail. Harriet takes in her sister’s fragile appearance with pai She throws a pebble at the kitchen window. (CONTINUED )
107) 7) dialog: Rachel!
107) 10) dialog: Rachel!! Where are you? Get up here! Rachel backs away from her.
132) 7) dialog: No more. I don’t want it!
132) 9) dialog: I don’t want it! She knocks the tray from Anger’s hands, spilling the scal tea, the pitcher shattering on the floor. Anger silently bends to pick up the broken china.
132) 10) dialog: That girl is trying to poison me. She blames me for her mother... They’re all conspiring against us. Gideon's eyes catch Anger’s, her expression unreadable.
132) 12) dialog: I’m suffocating in this place. It’s like a prison where I’m awaiting my execution, surrounded by hostile, black-faced guards. We hear a BANGING at the door... Gideon and Eliza exchang look. Gideon goes to the window. A GROUP OF MEN stand below in the yard. Gideon gives his mother a look of quiet alarm and runs out. Eliza gets up, pushing past Anger to the window. 96.
134) 0) text: We see a circle of torches... A large group of planters are gathered in the woods, including Vern. The mood is dangerous. Eliza and Gideon are in the center of the circle.
134) 4) dialog: No! Eliza is fierce, eyes glittering with tears of rage. It’s performance, and she knows her life depends on it.
134) 5) dialog: We are victims of this diabolical nigger just like you are! She ran off with 5 of our best slaves! Our crops are meager. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
134) 7) dialog: Our fortune all but gone! My livelihood - my very health - has been ravaged. We are victims like you! We need to work together to find this thief and burn her at the stake like Joan of Arc! Angry cheers from the planters.
134) 8) dialog: If we work together, we can catch her. I have a plan... She's got their attention.
134) 9) dialog: I‘ll put her sister’s child up for auction. We’ll post notices everywhere. Harriet Tubman will come to rescue her niece and we'll be waiting for her!! The planters cheer this plan. She’s won them over. Gideon looks at his mother with admiration. She meets his eyes.