12) 0) text: Minty heaves the ax from the wood with a gasp. She looks around her, panicked... In the distance, the overseer, Foxx, approaches, shading eyes against the blinding sun... Minty drops the ax and e behind the shed. She runs, skirting the outbuildings. She can see Foxx, searching for her... Minty evades him, tearing up a path, colliding with-- JOHN. He holds her, pulling her out of view. She clings t him.
16) 5) dialog: Gideon!
16) 7) dialog: Minty! She gone! (CONTINUED )
20) 2) text: Gideon and Foxx ride after the dogs, the horses picking t way through the overgrown woods with difficulty.
20) 3) dialog: They got a scent! WE FOLLOW MINTY - as she plows through thickets of trees, branches slapping her face and arms. She trips over the carcass of a possum. She picks it up and hurls it away fr her, sliding painfully into a ravine. She dives under a fallen tree, disturbing a SNAKE, which unwinds itself from a branch above her head and dangles f to face. Minty tries to control her terror as the dogs pa close, going after the dead possum. HORSES’ LEGS, follow, jumping the ravine. Minty keeps her eyes on the snake as she edges out of her hiding place. S runs, in the opposite direction. EXT. WOODS’ EDGE - DAWN Minty catches her breath at a tree line, an enormous clea before her. The North Star shines ahead, faint in the growing light. We can hear the dogs barking behind her, b on her scent. She steels her nerve and runs-- Dashing across the open space, a dark, small figure again the graying landscape. She races for the distant tree lin
21) 0) text: Minty looks back. The wide expanse is clear... then we se the tiny figures of the dogs, followed by Gideon and Foxx with lanterns, converging with the men from Thompson’s Mi They ride towards her, then separate, hoping to head her Minty peels the shoes from her bloody feet and rubs her s and shoes with spruce pine, trying to cover her scent. We hear the dogs, barking in the distance. Minty runs...
22) 1) text: We hear HORSES AND DOGS.... She dashes across, looking be her as-- BUTCH and MORRIS, two dangerous looking white men, conver with the dogs on horseback. Minty sprints away from them, but stops short when-- GIDEON appears with Foxx the other side, also on horsebac
23) 0) text: Gideon, Foxx and the dogs search the river’s edge. Down river, Morris shakes his head and draws a hand across his neck. She must be dead.
67) 0) text: Eliza rages in her dressing gown, smashing plates and vas against the walls by Foxx’s head. He ducks, resigned. Gideon watches his mother’s tantrum, grimly.
67) 3) dialog: We will, ma’am. The twins, Vince and Victor, rush in followed by Becky.
67) 15) dialog: Yessuh.
67) 22) dialog: Niggers’ tales. Like haints in the marsh. She’s lying!
69) 0) text: Gideon is waiting with Foxx and the men he’s gathered for their patrol - a lean and leathery career patroller, ATWO plus Morris and Butch, from Thompson's Mill, along with several hounds.
69) 1) dialog: How long we gon’ wait for this nigger?
136) 0) text: Foxx is on the shitter. The door slams open. Walter has a gun pointed in Foxx’s face.
136) 1) dialog: Who the hell are you?