3) 0) text: Brodess waves them forward. John, Ben and Minty step onto the veranda. Rit stands back, keeping her distance. Eliza looks on from the doorway. Gideon leans against a pillar, arms crossed, eyes on Minty. She trembles as Ben steps up hat in his hand.
4) 0) text: Ben supports a sobbing Rit. John tries to comfort Minty. takes her face and kisses her hard. Gideon pursues them.
4) 1) dialog: John, you heard my daddy! You and Ben get on back to Thompson's. The men wrench themselves away from their wives and head toward the gate. Minty glares at Gideon. She runs off, into the woods.
5) 2) dialog: Lord don’t listen to niggers, Minty. I been tellin’ you that since we was kids. Minty faces Gideon. A cool breeze raises goose bumps on h arms.
5) 3) dialog: Since that time I had Typhoid as a boy and mama had you sit with me. First thing I saw when I opened my eyes, was your little black face, hair sticking up every which way. Praying. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
5) 5) dialog: What the hell were you thinking, hiring a lawyer? Did you think daddy would just let you and your family free - damn near half his property - just like that? She is turned half-towards him, her face impassive. He studies her.
5) 6) dialog: Daddy warned me, “Boy, having a favorite slave is like having a favorite pig. You can feed it, play with it, give ita name, but one day you might have to eat it or sell it. You know it, and the pig knows it. If you have to sell it, there’s no more guilt than separating piglets. And if you have to eat it, you'll forget its name.” He looks at her, full of complicated emotions.
5) 7) dialog: I hope one day I forget yours. C’mon home, Minty. He turns and walks back towards the farm. Minty’s chest rises and falls, her feet refusing to follow. Gideon turn back.
5) 8) dialog: C'mon, I said. Minty stumbles after him.
8) 0) text: A few gravestones on a shady patch of lawn. Minty, Rit and Rachel stand with the women, children and elderly Brodess slaves at a fresh gravesite on the proper as the Ross brothers and male slaves lower Brodess’s plai coffin into the earth. A WHITE MINISTER mumbles gloomy wo to the neighboring farmers and family friends in attendan Eliza is with her children, face swollen from crying, cho with grief. Rit and Rachel keep their eyes downcast, thoughts hidden. Minty prays in earnest, tears streaming. She looks up... Gideon is glaring at her, wounded accusation in his eyes.
10) 0) text: GIDEON hammers an AUCTION NOTICE onto trees. He stands ba and reads it, sweat and grief in his eyes. NEGRO FOR SALE On Monday, the 30th of September, a female slave called Minty, about 25 years old.
16) 0) text: Minty runs lightly through the woods as the moon rises. EXT. BRODESS FARM —- EDGE OF PROPERTY - NIGHT - MINUTES L John comes out of his hiding place and scans the growing darkness for Minty, chest tight with worry. He heads back towards the gate. We hear HORSE HOOVES approaching... John is trapped with no place to hide as Gideon rides up.
16) 1) dialog: What you doing here, John? We don’t want your kind here! John raises his hands, submissively.
16) 3) dialog: You better get used to missing her, John. In fact, if I was you, I'd find another wife. Now git yourself back to Thompson's Mill.
16) 6) dialog: What is it?
16) 8) text: Gideon raises his gun, aiming at John’s back.
16) 9) dialog: Stop right there, nigger! John turns around. Gideon and Foxx corner him.
16) 10) dialog: Where is she? Where’s Minty?
19) 7) dialog: Is that so?
19) 9) dialog: This one knows something. Caught him sniffin’ round the cabins just when Minty ran off. (CONTINUED )
19) 13) dialog: If your niggers helped my slave escape, I’m holding you responsible. So if you don’t want me taking this personal, uncle, why don’t you send some of your men to help me bring her back? Gideon and Thompson glare at each other.
20) 0) text: Minty lies asleep on a bed of pine needles, hidden agains ridge. Suddenly she’s jarred awake by a tidal wave in her soul... A PRAYING MANTIS seems to be looking at her intently. We hear THE VOICE: QUIET. DANGER. We hear DOGS and VOICES... Minty doesn’t dare move... A PATROL of men on horseback, approaching. We hear GIDEON VOICE.
20) 1) dialog: Morris, you and Butch stay to the roads, Foxx and me will take the woods. The men split off. A SLAVE with hounds on a leash leads Gideon and Foxx deeper into the woods, away from her... Suddenly the dogs seem to catch a scent and go veering in direction-- ON MINTY - Frozen. If she moves, she risks being seen. Bu she can’t wait for the dogs... Minty takes off, tearing through the woods, pursued close by the dogs, only 50 yards behind her. (CONTINUED )
20) 2) text: Gideon and Foxx ride after the dogs, the horses picking t way through the overgrown woods with difficulty.
21) 0) text: Minty looks back. The wide expanse is clear... then we se the tiny figures of the dogs, followed by Gideon and Foxx with lanterns, converging with the men from Thompson’s Mi They ride towards her, then separate, hoping to head her Minty peels the shoes from her bloody feet and rubs her s and shoes with spruce pine, trying to cover her scent. We hear the dogs, barking in the distance. Minty runs...
22) 1) text: We hear HORSES AND DOGS.... She dashes across, looking be her as-- BUTCH and MORRIS, two dangerous looking white men, conver with the dogs on horseback. Minty sprints away from them, but stops short when-- GIDEON appears with Foxx the other side, also on horsebac
22) 2) dialog: Minty, you devilish girl. Minty eyes the churning water below, the Thompson’s Mill advancing slowly from the other side. Gideon gestures for them to halt. He dismounts, inching towards her.
22) 3) dialog: C’mon back peaceful. Your family’s worried about you. Your mama’s crying, your sister too. C’mon home. Minty’s eyes flick to the water and back to Gideon. He stops, a few paces away.
22) 4) dialog: You thinking bout jumping? Suicide’s a sin against God - you know that. Against those that own you too. Minty climbs onto the rail. Gideon inches closer. He lean on the rail, several feet away, speaking casually.
22) 5) dialog: I've decided not to sell you after all, Minty. You been there all my life - I'd miss your ugly face. I’m gonna have to hurt you a little, to teach you a lesson. But it wont be too bad, long as you come back gentle. C’mon home, Minty. Minty looks him dead in the eyes.
22) 7) dialog: Goddamnit, Minty!!! 22.
23) 0) text: Gideon, Foxx and the dogs search the river’s edge. Down river, Morris shakes his head and draws a hand across his neck. She must be dead.
54) 0) text: Gideon sits at a desk, writing, while Eliza dictates. (CONTINUED )
54) 3) dialog: We're gon’ have to sell some slaves, mama.
54) 5) dialog: Would you prefer to keep the slaves and sell the farm? Eliza turns away from him, sullen.
54) 6) dialog: We'll sell the Ross brothers. Robert alone is worth 6-7 hundred. If we sell Junyah and Henry too, we can bring home maybe 16. That will go aways to paying off daddy’s debts. You won’t have to beg, the twins can remain useless and we can go on as we have.
54) 8) dialog: We'll go on as we have. The others will just have to work harder to make up for the loss. (CONTINUED )
67) 0) text: Eliza rages in her dressing gown, smashing plates and vas against the walls by Foxx’s head. He ducks, resigned. Gideon watches his mother’s tantrum, grimly.
67) 5) dialog: We had five slaves run off.
67) 10) dialog: What’s your part in this, girl?
67) 12) dialog: I’1ll snap your neck.
67) 14) dialog: Foxx, take these pickaninnies to market and sell ‘em.
67) 17) dialog: Minty’s dead, you lyin’ wench.
67) 19) dialog: You seen her?
67) 23) dialog: I hope it’s true. Good Lord, I hope it is. Gideon releases the baby into Rachel’s arms. Anger runs t her mother, burying her face in her dress. Rachel clings her children.
67) 24) dialog: Foxx, round up some men and meet me out at Poplar Neck. Foxx nods curtly and runs out. Eliza collapses into angry tears.
67) 26) dialog: Hush, Mama, try not to upset yourself. I’m gonna find ‘em for you - Minty too. Rachel, give her a dose of laudanum for her nerves. I’11 deal with you when I get back. Rachel nods, terrified, thinking of the laudanum she gave Phoebe.
68) 0) text: Gideon, on horseback, thunders toward the gate. A BLACK YOUTH steps in his path. WALTER is gangling and nappy-haired, between 18 and 20, dressed in buckskin brit and work boots. Gideon almost runs him over, his horse rearing.
68) 1) dialog: What the hell is wrong with you, boy! Outta my way!
68) 4) dialog: What you know about it? Speak up! Walter pulls a beat up notice from his pocket.
68) 6) dialog: Where’d you see her?
68) 8) dialog: A tracker, you say?
68) 10) dialog: How bout you tell me which way they headed, or I shoot the nose off your face?
68) 15) dialog: You know Bigger Long?
68) 17) dialog: Find Bigger Long and tell him to meet me at Poplar Neck. They’1l be something in it for you. Gideon rides off. Walter picks up the coin. He whistles a a black horse comes trotting out of the woods.
69) 0) text: Gideon is waiting with Foxx and the men he’s gathered for their patrol - a lean and leathery career patroller, ATWO plus Morris and Butch, from Thompson's Mill, along with several hounds.
69) 2) dialog: Bigger the nigger’s worth the wait. Just then, Walter rides up on his horse, followed by... BIGGER LONG, a large, dark, scar-faced man, with hostile and an unpleasant disposition. A THICK BLACK MUTT trots beside him. Bigger looks at the group without speaking.
69) 3) dialog: Last night, five of my best slaves run off; three bucks and a female, with foal. I will pay $300 for their return, alive and unharmed. I want the girl that’s leadin’ ‘em too. Don’t want no harm to come to her by nobodies’ hands but mine.
69) 6) dialog: $200? What’s an ugly nigger like you gon’ buy with $200?
69) 8) dialog: You better be good as they say.
70) 0) text: Reverend Green lights the evening candles. The doors of the church burst open and Gideon and his pos storm in. Reverend turns, appalled, as dogs rush into the sanctuary and Bigger and the men turn over the rough-hewn pews and benches.
70) 2) dialog: You hidin’ fugitives, reverend?
70) 5) dialog: What have we here, reverend?
77) 0) text: Gideon and Atwood are waiting with dogs and shackles. Wal rides up. (CONTINUED )
77) 3) dialog: We'll be waiting for them. Don’t let ‘em outta sight. Walter rides off. Gideon peers into the gloomy night. A smile plays at his lips.
77) 4) dialog: C’mon, Minty... C’mon home.
82) 0) text: Bigger, Gideon and Atwood converge on Walter.
82) 1) dialog: What happened? You said they were heading right to us!
82) 3) dialog: You what?!
82) 5) dialog: I’ve had about enough of you, nigger. Bigger shoves the gun as Gideon FIRES - The dirt explodes next to Walter’s head. Gideon spits at him and walks away. Bigger gives Walter a kick for good measure.
105) 0) text: Gideon joins Bigger.
105) 1) dialog: Do you have news?
105) 4) dialog: (he laughs) Moses ain’t a nigger and he certainly ain’t no woman. He’s an abolitionist in blackface.
105) 6) dialog: I don’t know no nigger named Harriet Tubman.
105) 8) dialog: Impossible. There’s no conceivable... He falls into thought. Bigger watches him process.
105) 10) dialog: Only if you find her.
114) 0) text: MARIE, face bruised and bleeding, being held down by the figure of Bigger Long. Gideon steps into view.
114) 1) dialog: Just tell us where Harriet Tubman is.
114) 4) dialog: What plans are those?
114) 6) dialog: She’s not here. Let’s go. Gideon exits and runs downstairs. Marie glares at Bigger.
114) 19) text: Jasper pulls Harriet aboard, shouting to his FIRST MATE t set sail. As the boat pulls away, Harriet takes in the scene... The desperate faces of those left behind, John Brown's fury... William’s stricken face... Her eyes meet Gideon's... Gideon tips his hat. It’s not over.
132) 8) dialog: It’s for your nerves, mother.
132) 11) dialog: Mama, you’re just anxious.
133) 2) dialog: My mother’s not well. But Eliza comes down behind him, pulling on a cloak.
134) 0) text: We see a circle of torches... A large group of planters are gathered in the woods, including Vern. The mood is dangerous. Eliza and Gideon are in the center of the circle.
134) 2) dialog: We don’t have that kind of money! We're going through hard times, like the rest of you.
138) 3) dialog: 
139) 0) text: Gideon and a large group of LAWMEN and PLANTERS have gath - some on horseback, some on foot - including Gus Vern, Bigger Long, Atwood and other slavers, SHERIFF NED UTLEY, Marshal, Deputies and Police. All heavily armed and out f blood.
139) 2) dialog: Bigger and Atwood, come with me! Let’s pay an early visit to Rev Green! The posses split up and gallop off.
140) 0) text: A covered freight wagon approaches up the road. A single driver steers the horses. Walter steps in front of it, two guns pointed at the driv The driver puts his hands up in panic. 101. INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH —- MORNING Rev Green watches wearily as Gideon’s posse ransacks his church once again. The storeroom is empty. Rev Green manages to look indigna and vindicated. Gideon’s frustration is evident. He spots pamphlet on the floor, picks it up.
140) 1) dialog: Look what we have here - a copy of Uncle Tom’s Cabin. You’re in possession of banned abolitionist material, Reverend. Deputy, arrest this man! As the deputy handcuffs Green, his eyes meet Gideon's, defiant and smug.
145) 0) text: Gideon and his posse ride up. Gideon bristles as the lawm chat and smoke. He approaches the Sheriff.
145) 1) dialog: Any sign of them?
145) 3) dialog: Luther Grant’s son?
145) 5) dialog: Luther Grant ain’t got a son. Got 5 daughters and a nigger girl looks just like him.
147) 0) text: The freight wagon is abandoned by the side of the road, t horses eating grass. Over it we see... Gideon and Bigger riding up. The wagon is clearly empty.
147) 1) dialog: They ditched it! Gideon searches the treeline, Bigger gallops ahead.
148) 2) text: Walter hustles the family below. Harriet goes to the edge the trees and peeks out... In the distance we see... Bigger galloping towards them, Gideon in the distance. Harriet ducks back into the trees and dashes for the boat
149) 0) text: Harriet emerges from the tree-line and steps into the roa waiting for them to notice her. EXT. WOODS NEAR RIVER -— ON GIDEON - spotting her tiny figure in the distance. He shouts to Bigger.
149) 1) dialog: There she is! Get her! Harriet dashes away from the river. Gideon and Bigger gal after her... 106.
150) 0) text: Gideon and Bigger search the woods. They’ve lost her. Gideon puts a finger to his lips.
150) 1) dialog: I want her alive. Bigger nods. They split up.
152) 0) text: Gideon reacts to the gunfire, riding in the direction of sound--
153) 3) dialog: I said I want her alive. GIDEON’S POV - As Harriet scrambles down the rocks, swing herself onto Bigger’s horse...
153) 4) dialog: 
153) 6) text: Harriet takes off. Gideon gallops after her, HORSE’S HOOV thundering past BIGGER’S DEAD BODY.
154) 0) text: Gideon chases Harriet through the woods, up an incline, b riding hard. At a distance, she looks back at him...
154) 1) dialog: I’m coming for you, Minty!
155) 0) text: Gideon emerges onto a wooded plateau, starkly beautiful i the late afternoon light. Bigger’s horse is grazing some distance away, riderless. Gideon looks around. No sign of Harriet...
155) 1) dialog: 
155) 7) dialog: It didn’t have to end like this, Minty. You could’a stayed with us, if you only knew how to behave. But you were so damned insolent. Unruly and untamed. I guess that’s what I liked about you. And you liked me too, I know you did. You prayed over my bed, when I was sick. You asked God to make me well. She looks at him with something like empathy.
155) 9) dialog: I do own you, Minty. Even now, you’re mine. You’re just a damn runaway.
155) 11) dialog: You know what they’1l do to you, when they finally catch you? They’1ll tear you limb from limb, tar you and burn you alive! Even if I’m not there to watch it, I can almost smell it now. Like roasting pig. Harriet remains unfazed. She levels the rifle at his face
155) 16) dialog: You bitch! You destroyed my family! Harriet swings herself onto the horse’s back. She speaks THE VOICE - it’s her own, maybe it always has been.