0) 0) text: 100 BLACK UNION SOLDIERS are assembled, bayonets pointed the starry sky. A legend tells us this is... South Carolina, 1863 - Two years into the Civil War... A small black woman, HARRIET TUBMAN, 40, addresses the troops. We hear her before we see her...
0) 1) dialog: Suppose there’s a snake coiled at your feet, and it shoots up to bite you. We catch glimpses of her through their bodies as she pace front of them. Her plain face with its habitual scowl, he eyes alive with passion.
0) 2) dialog: Folks get scared and send for a doctor to cut out the bite. But the snake, he rolled up there and while the doctor cutting, he bites you again, in a new place this time. The doctor makes another cut, the snake spring up and bites again. Finally you realize the snake ain’t gon’ stop til someone kills him. A white commanding officer, COLONEL MONTGOMERY, watches intently as Harriet continues...
0) 3) dialog: Slavery is still alive. Those rice fields downriver are feeding Rebel troops, with the toil of a thousand slaves still in bondage. Our mission is to free those slaves. We've waited years to be allowed to fight in this war, against our own enslavement. And it will not be won without us! Now is our time! Are you ready to kill the snake? The men shout, YES, their eyes fierce, emotional. Harriet nods in approval. As we watch, she retreats into herself, as if listening to inner music, or voices we can hear. INSECTS CHIRP in an eerie chorus, taking us into... FLASHBACK VISION: A SERIES OF IMAGES - monochromatic, out sync and nightmarish -
1) 0) text: ON “MINTY” ROSS (YOUNG HARRIET) mid-twenties, a distinct in her forehead, from a wound long healed. Her eyes flutt A handsome black man, JOHN, 28, is shaking her awake.
38) 18) dialog: He de devil. Most whites I know is devilish.
38) 20) dialog: Overseer crack my head open, when I was bout 13. I was at the store, out at de crossroads, with Massa’s son, Gideon. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
38) 22) dialog: Gideon an me was companions when we was young, and I was strong, and could carry a 40 pound bag a rice, so overseer let me go. Harriet frowns, lost in the memory. William watches her, hovered over his book.
38) 23) dialog: My big brother, Robert, snuck off and followed us - din’ trust Massa Gideon lone in de woods wit me. I tol’ him to go back, but he wouldn’t leave me. Few minutes later, overseer bust in, lookin’ for ‘im - mad as a rabid hound. Robert - he a proud boy - he stand up to ‘im, say his piece. Overseer got so mad, he pick up a weight from the counter an hurl it at my brother... ‘cept I stepped ‘tween ‘em. Crack my skull right open. She fingers the scar. William is spellbound.
38) 24) dialog: Dey say I slept most 2 month. Next thing I ‘member, I was seeing my sisters sold.
39) 1) dialog: Cept I saw it before it happen.
39) 3) dialog: God showed me, to prepare me I guess. But when it happen, it hurt so bad, worse den any beating, worse den de hole in my head. Hole in my head jus made God’s voice more clear. (CONTINUED )
40) 0) text: William walks Harriet through town. He walks with confidence. Harriet, still resisting the urge to duck, lo at the whites around her, mystified.
40) 1) dialog: How you tell de angels from de devils, when dey walking in de street, side by side?
40) 3) dialog: You mean, my top eye. Dat’s what we call it. William looks at her, amused and a bit charmed.
41) 0) text: William and Harriet are walking through an enclave of bla laborers and freedmen. They approach a modest rooming hou and enter.
42) 5) dialog: ...Ma’am. William and Marie exchange a look.
43) 0) text: A woman and two men play cards in a handsome parlor. Harriet looks around at the fine furnishings, overwhelmed Marie watches her, amused.
43) 2) dialog: You was born free. Guess you never had de stink of fear. Of runnin’ fo yo life. Marie stops, turns back, chastened.
44) 2) dialog: My husband, John. He free like you. He was gon run wit me, but I’s scared if we get caught, dey take his freedom. So I left ‘im. She watches the dust dance in the fading light.
44) 3) dialog: Now I wish he was here wit me. Must’a been hard on him when dey found me gone.
44) 5) dialog: Thank you, ma’am. (CONTINUED )
45) 0) text: A BROWN HAND polishing wood until we can see reflected... Harriet, in a maid’s uniform, hair tamed, furiously clean Time has passed and she looks healthy and fit, but there’ something manic about the way she works, as if she’s tryi not to think. A tear hits the polished wood. She wipes it away. A young black woman, JESSE, pauses outside the open doorw watching her.
45) 4) dialog: Jasper! Any word from my family?
45) 7) dialog: My husband send word back?
46) 0) text: Harriet barges into the office, barely noticing... The bustle of people, mostly white, engaged in various activities, passing pamphlets, signing petitions... William, writing at his desk, looks up.
46) 2) dialog: Mr. Still, I need yo angels to help git my husband an family.
46) 4) dialog: But I feel somethin’ wrong, William. I cain’t sleep. Please help me!
46) 6) dialog: If you won’ help me, I’1l go myself. William is losing patience. (CONTINUED )
46) 9) dialog: I put my attention on tryin’ hear God’s voice more clear.
46) 11) dialog: (erupting) Don’t tell me what I cain’t do. I made it dis far on my own! God was watchin’, but my feet was my own - runnin’, bleedin’, climbin’, nearly drowned - nothin’ to eat for days an days. An I made it! So don’t you tell me what I cain’t do. You don’ know me! William, watches, stunned, as she walks angrily away.
47) 0) text: Harriet is with Marie, having just shared her dilemma.
47) 1) dialog: I made up my mind; I’m goin’ back. Wit’out my husband an family, I’m just a stranger in a strange land. If I’m free, dey should be too. I’m gon go git em, one by one, starting wit my husband. I need a suit for him and a dress for me, so I can look like a free lady. Will you help me? Marie goes to the window and looks out, troubled.
48) 0) text: Harriet is in a lovely dress and dainty shoes, walking wi her head high. Marie leads her, extending her hands in graceful, ladylike gestures.
48) 2) dialog: How do you do?
49) 5) dialog: Read ‘em for me.
51) 0) text: Harriet sits by a window in a car near the engine room as train heads south. She clutches a satchel.
52) 0) text: Marshals wait to search northbound trains. Harriet sees a group of recently captured RUNAWAY SLAVES shackles. She tightens with fear. A MARSHAL approaches an she turns to him.
52) 1) dialog: Hello, suh. How do you do?
52) 5) dialog: Yes, suh.
52) 7) dialog: Philadelphia, July 18, 1824, of free issue. A deputy approaches. The captured slaves watch the scene unfold. Harriet sets down her bag.
52) 9) dialog: Musta worn my high boots that day. She smiles. They laugh, unpleasantly. Behind Harriet’s back, her hand grips the handle of the Colt revolver, whi the slaves can see, but the marshals can’t. The slaves watch, on edge.
52) 11) dialog: That’s correct, suh. They look at her head a moment, then at the papers. A bea The marshal hands them back. Hiding the gun in her dress, Harriet takes them. As she walks away, weak-kneed, the slaves breathe a sigh of reli
53) 0) text: Harriet’s brothers, Robert, Junyah and Henry, are raking fields, along with other slaves and their families, prepa for winter planting.
55) 0) text: Harriet stealthily approaches the estate where her husban and father work. She pauses beneath a tree, her excitemen tinged with a sense of foreboding.
56) 1) dialog: I'm sorry I had to leave you... Recognizing her voice instantly, John stands and looks around. Harriet springs from the trees by the creek and throws herself into his arms. He clutches her in disbelief.
57) 1) dialog: Johnny, Johnny... What dey done to you?
57) 4) dialog: I come to git you, Johnny, bring you to freedom. I got a suit for you to wear... I been livin’ free, in Philadelphia, but I cain’t live without you. He looks at her woefully. Fear grips her spine.
57) 5) dialog: Ain’t you happy to see me?
57) 7) dialog: I sent you word... by de black jacks...
57) 9) dialog: I know you married, Johnny. You married to me.
57) 11) dialog: You took another wife...
57) 13) dialog: Nother woman carryin’ your chil’? I thought you loved me! Tears spill down her cheeks. He pulls her to him, trying calm her, both of them crying now.
57) 17) dialog: Then you found another wife. He looks at her, wretched. She pushes him away.
57) 18) dialog: Go on then. Go home.
57) 20) dialog: So, de white man din’ give up. You did. He backs away.
57) 22) text: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - TREE GROVE - DUSK Harriet runs into the grove of trees, reckless, consumed anguish. She howls, devastated.
57) 23) dialog: Why, Lord? I listen for your voice! You tol’ me come, I came! You led me back here! Why bring me all dis way to rub mud in my face? Why you let me live? She contemplates the gun in her hand... The sound of inse grows louder... Harriet arches backwards and falls to the ground, twitchi in spasms. HARRIET'S VISION - A RAVEN stands in front of her. She he THE VOICE: Harriet!
58) 0) text: A strange dark cloud throws an eerie shadow over HARRIET' BROTHERS in the fields.
59) 0) text: Harriet runs, FEET skimming the earth. Other BROWN LEGS follow; men, women, children...
61) 0) text: Harriet wakes and stands shakily.
61) 2) dialog: Daddy... He reaches for her and she pulls him to his feet, falling into his arms, heartbreak washing over her. (CONTINUED )
61) 4) dialog: Johnny don’ love me no more. Ben takes her shoulders, shaking her.
62) 0) text: Harriet leads her father to the corncrib.
62) 2) dialog: Junyah... Junyah hugs her tight.
62) 4) dialog: Henry! Henry’s face lights up as he joins in the hug. JANE, a slender girl disguised as a boy, climbs gingerly the corncrib. Junyah goes to help her.
62) 11) dialog: Where is Rachel? Where my sister?
62) 13) dialog: And mama?
62) 16) dialog: I planned for one more, not all of you and a baby too. The baby stirs, face bunched in a scowl. Harriet looks at the infant, a stab of fresh pain fortifying her. She take one of the baby’s tiny hands. The baby looks up at her.
62) 17) dialog: But if you trust me, an follow my lead, baby Araminta will grow up free.
62) 21) dialog: Robert! Thank God!
62) 23) dialog: How’s Mary? Tell us. Robert is breathing hard, from exertion and emotion, maki words difficult.
62) 26) text: Ben reaches for his son’s shoulder. Harriet looks up into her brother’s face, sharing his pai
62) 27) dialog: You had to leave ‘em, either free or in chains. You chose freedom. She hands him the satchel. Robert pulls the suit from the satchel and looks at her.
62) 29) dialog: I thought I come for him... I see now I come for all of you. Robert pulls off his shirt, revealing a profusion of scar his muscled back, like a network of rivers.
62) 31) dialog: Come wit us daddy.
63) 0) text: The freedom seekers follow Harriet through trees. They approach a clearing by a body of water. The baby starts t cry. They freeze. Robert is instantly protective of the child.
64) 0) text: Harriet and the freedom seekers approach through the graveyard. Robert is skeptical. He won’t go further.
64) 2) dialog: You trust me? Robert looks at her a beat. Begrudgingly, he nods. Harriet knocks on the door of the church. A few beats lat Reverend Green ushers them in. He takes Harriet by the shoulders.
66) 0) text: Harriet peers down. There’s candlelight coming from below We see FACES, peering up.
71) 0) text: FEET running through woods, other brown legs follow... Harriet leads the large band of freedom seekers, running fast as their feet will carry them. Miz Lucy, stumbles. Issac picks her up, carrying her on his back. The freedom seekers run, silhouetted against the moon.
73) 0) text: Harriet peers through the trees to see... Butch and Morris standing watch on the road, waiting. Harriet retreats back into the woods. In the distance, we hear a DOG barking...
75) 0) text: Harriet runs back to the group. (CONTINUED )
75) 2) dialog: Patrols got de road blocked!
75) 4) dialog: Now I’m tellin’ you we cain’t.
75) 7) dialog: Somebody tell you escapin’ slavery was easy?! (She looks at Robert) If you strong enough to bear de lash, you strong enough to run from it! We hear Bigger’s DOG bark. Robert jumps to his feet, pull Phoebe up.
76) 0) text: The freedom seekers stumble alongside a tidal stream bath in fog, trying to keep within the sparse tree cover, movi as fast as exhaustion will allow. Harriet and Phoebe run ahead with Issac and Henry, Robert carries the baby, Jane leans on Junyah, Joe carries Miss Lucy. POV - THROUGH A SPYGLASS - The freedom seekers approachin the distance. ON WALTER watching from his horse with a spyglass. He rid off.
78) 0) text: Harriet runs towards the bridge in the distance. She paus to let the others catch up, breathing hard. Clouds race across the moon... light and darkness, darkness and light The wind whistles... POV FROM ABOVE - Walter watches from high in a tree as Harriet sinks to her knees, moaning. Robert and Joe run up to her; Joe panicking.
78) 6) text: The clouds part briefly, bathing Harriet in moonlight. He eyes open... She stands.
78) 7) dialog: We cain’t go on dat way. There’s danger! We hear the dog getting closer. The fugitives panic.
78) 9) dialog: Left. Harriet takes off toward the stream. The others follow, running full out behind her. Walter climbs higher, keeping them in view.
79) 0) text: Harriet runs to the edge of the stream.
79) 2) dialog: We cross. Harriet pulls up her dress, tying the skirt around her le The freedom seekers look at each other in dismay.
79) 5) dialog: Robert, carry the baby. Issac put Miss Lucy on your shoulders. Junyah, you carry Jane.
79) 8) text: Harriet pulls out the Colt revolver.
79) 9) dialog: I say we are. You'll be free or die. Hands shaking, she aims the gun at her brother. Phoebe gasps, Jane cowers behind Junyah. Henry watches wi eyed. Robert towers over his sister.
80) 0) text: The water is up to Harriet’s armpits. The tide pulls at h She prays to herself.
80) 1) dialog: Rivers of living water flow through me. Lord, lead me cross, take me through...
81) 0) text: The freedom seekers watch, incredulous as Harriet comes o on the far bank. Henry rushes into the water, followed by Jane and Junyah. Miss Lucy jumps on Issac’s shoulders. Phoebe hands Robert the baby and wades in. A few beats later, Robert follows, baby above his head.
83) 0) text: Harriet watches sternly as the freedom seekers come out o the near bank, soaking wet and shivering, but unharmed. Finally Robert strides out of the water. The baby has slept through the ordeal. Robert hands her t Phoebe and faces his sister, sheepishly. Harriet glares at him.
83) 2) text: Harriet points to the baby.
83) 3) dialog: Dis baby gurl, Araminta, you can call her Minty. You call me Harriet from now on. Dat’s my freedom name. She faces the group, fierce.
83) 4) dialog: I’m Harriet Tubman, leader of dis group. We do what I say! The others nod, chastened. Behind them, the stream seems, once again, impassable.
84) 0) text: William Still is absorbed in his writing when Harriet bur through the door, followed by the freedom seekers - all e of them, plus the baby. William stands abruptly, looking at them in amazement. Harriet looks back at him, quietly triumphant.
84) 2) dialog: My family and friends, freedom seeking slaves. I went down south an brought ‘em back. God showed me de way. William is awed by her. He remembers his manners.
85) 0) text: Harriet’s brothers, Jane, Phoebe, her baby, Joe, Isaac, a Miz Lucy sit at table laden with food, along with Jesse a other rooming house guests, eating with obvious pleasure.
85) 1) text: Harriet is in the tub. Marie sits on a stool behind her, combing the knots from her freshly washed hair. Harriet stares into shadows.
85) 2) dialog: His wife a free woman, big wit his chil’. John din’ wan my babies. Couldn’t bear de thought his chil’ren be born slaves. Every time dey tried to grow, he’d go cold an quite... and one by one dey died in my womb.
85) 4) dialog: You making fun a me, Marie?
85) 6) dialog: Sometime it sting, like a smack in de face. Other times it soft like a breeze, gone before you sure you felt it. Like a dream dat fly off soon as you woke. Seem like I learn to see an hear God, like some learn to read a book. I put all my attention on it, and act, ‘thout question, ‘fore I can wonder if I heard it at all. ‘Fore I even understand what it mean. I thought God meant me to go git my husband. But John was just a way to steer me where I was needed. Maybe God don’t want me loved. That’s why he made me strong, not pretty. Truth is, it probably would’a never worked, runnin’ wit John. Men need to believe dey de boss.
85) 8) text: Marie laughs. A brief smile tugs at Harriet’s lip. MARIE BUCHANAN (CONT’D) Where’s Mr. Still taking you? Harriet shoots her a sharp look.
85) 10) dialog: I din’ notice. (beat) He say he taking me to some kinda meeting. Say he got folks he wanna ‘quaint me wit. Maria’s interest is piqued.
86) 0) text: Harriet, once again well-groomed and looking smart, walks down a dark alley off the main street with William Still.
86) 1) dialog: There I was, wit a suit, but no husband. I felt a fool.
86) 3) dialog: God have other plans for me, Mr. Still.
86) 6) text: The guard opens the door. William leads Harriet into the darkened warehouse, past dusty kegs of wine.
87) 0) text: William leads Harriet down a narrow stair and into a seri of rooms, well lit, with many candles fixtures on the wal and tables. Inside is a bigger interracial crowd than Harriet’s ever seen. It’s mostly black men, but there are whites as well some women too, conversing and socializing, as if it were normal. Several anterooms lead off from the main room, stacked fl to ceiling with wine bottles. On one long wall hangs a hu map of the United States, showing free and slave states a the territory open to slavery or freedom by the repeal of Missouri Compromise.
87) 1) dialog: Who are these people?
87) 3) text: Some applause and murmurs of approval from the Committee. The men size her up. It’s a tough room. Harriet tries to process this. WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D) (low; to Harriet) They don’t necessarily like new members. You'll have to win them over. They’11 learn to trust you after a few missions. She eyes the men warily.
87) 4) dialog: Question is, will I trust dem? What’s a conductor?
87) 9) dialog: Thank you, suh.
87) 12) dialog: Hello. (CONTINUED )
87) 17) dialog: Good to see you, Thomas. Still escorts her to a group of black men.
87) 19) dialog: You still a slave, when you could be free?
87) 22) dialog: Abductor?
87) 24) text: A big, powerful black man approaches, full of self- importance. WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D) (low) And the biggest heads. (louder) Harriet, meet John Clay. Clay towers over Harriet, extending his hand.
87) 26) dialog: Who were de two?
87) 28) dialog: Two you lost, who were dey?
87) 30) dialog: Shame. I hope never to lose one. But if I do, I'll remember they name. Clay, offended, stalks off. William looks at her with respect.
88) 3) dialog: I need to get back to Bucktown to get my sister. We left her lone...
88) 8) dialog: Show me Maryland. She points to it on the map.
88) 11) dialog: It look so close. Behind her the bickering continues...
89) 0) text: Slaves work the fields. We hear HARRIET’S VOICE in the distance...
89) 1) dialog: Go down, Moses, way down in Egypt land Tell all the Pharaohs to... Slaves in the fields join in, exchanging furtive looks.
90) 0) text: A group of ESCAPED SLAVES run through the trees following sound of Harriet’s voice.
90) 1) dialog: When Israel was in Egypt land Let my people go! Oppressed so hard they could not stand... (CONTINUED )
91) 0) text: Harriet leads the fugitives running through the woods.
91) 1) dialog: So the God said: go down, Moses, Way down in Egypt land Tell all pharaohs to Let my people go! DOGS bark behind them as... PATROLS drive the freedom seekers towards a clearing. The fugitives are breathless and exhausted. They seem to cornered, the slave-catchers converging on them...
94) 0) text: Harriet, dressed as a black jack, on deck with Jasper. He opens a cargo hold... Their human “cargo” emerges from be
95) 0) text: Harriet comes in with her passengers. William Still tries contain his relief. He and Harriet exchange a look filled with unspoken words. 72.
96) 0) text: Harriet sits in a chair looking fierce and forbidding, as PHOTOGRAPHER takes her photograph. William stands by, watching her...
97) 0) text: THE PHOTOGRAPH of Harriet, framed. William looks at it, l in thought. His beautiful, FAIR-SKINNED WIFE watches him. She puts a basket of food in front of him. He tears his e from the photograph and embraces her.
100) 0) text: Harriet comes in with another group of passengers. Willia is flooded with relief. Before he knows what he’s doing, he’s taken her in his arms. They quickly pull apart. The fugitives look on, knowingly. END MONTAGE 73.
101) 0) text: Harriet and William are alone, in mid-argument.
101) 1) dialog: My sister’s in danger! You tol’ me you’d rescue her!
101) 3) dialog: I can reach her!
101) 5) dialog: You forbid it? Do you know who I am? William sighs, with exasperated affection.
101) 7) dialog: They looking for Moses!
106) 0) text: ON HARRIET, at the edge of the property, face infused wit emotion as she looks at her old home. Lanterns illuminate the windows of the big house in the distance. Stealthily, she makes her way toward it.
107) 0) text: We can see Rachel and Eliza moving about inside. Harriet hides in the bushes and watches as Rachel comes downstairs with a tray. She looks beaten and frail. Harriet takes in her sister’s fragile appearance with pai She throws a pebble at the kitchen window. (CONTINUED )
107) 1) text: Rachel looks out. Harriet steps from the shadows. Rachel’ eyes go wide. She backs away.... A few moments later, Rachel quietly opens the front door slips out. Harriet pulls her to the side of the house. They speak in whispers. Rachel is terrified.
107) 3) dialog: Come wit me.
107) 5) dialog: We'll find ‘em, Rachel, I promise. My network will find ‘em an bring ‘em up north. But you got to come wit me now.
107) 8) dialog: I ain’t leavin’ you. Harriet pulls out the Colt. Rachel looks at it, defiant.
107) 11) dialog: Wait... What about Mary, Robert's wife? She still here? (CONTINUED )
108) 0) text: Harriet is on her knees, praying.
108) 1) dialog: Lord, I need you watch over my sister and her chil’ren till I can bring ‘em to freedom. Protect her, Lord. Don’t let ‘em hurt her worse. She rocks back and forth, in a religious trance. Gradually she becomes aware that someone is watching her. She looks up to find... WALTER, not far away. He’s still got a scar over his eye, where Gideon hit him with the gun. Harriet stands, gun raised. The two size each other up.
108) 3) dialog: You askin’ me, or tellin’ me?
108) 5) dialog: What services those be? (CONTINUED )
108) 8) dialog: Why should I trust you, Walter?
109) 0) text: Walter and Harriet gallop through the trees. We see the flicker of lanterns, as patrols comb the woods. A vigilan FOOT PATROL is directly ahead-- Walter rides right through them, sending them diving out the way. Harriet sticks out a foot and kicks another as t pass. Dogs run after the horse, barking.
110) 0) text: Harriet gets off the horse near the bank of a river. She gives a throaty owl hoot. A RIVER MAN comes out of hiding and pushes his raft from reeds. Five FUGITIVES come out of hiding behind him. Harriet turns to Walter. (CONTINUED )
110) 2) dialog: So... why should I trust you?
110) 4) dialog: What you want in return?
110) 6) dialog: God, meet Walter. (then; sincerely) Walter, go wit God. She jumps on the raft with the others. EXT. PHILADELPHIA - JASPER’S DOCK - DAY Jasper docks his vessel. Harriet, disguised as a black ja jumps from the deck. Several blacks crowd the dock, carry their belongings. A MAN calls up to Jasper.
110) 9) dialog: Wait! What’s got everybody so riled up?
110) 14) dialog: Wait for me! I'’11 be back! She pulls away from him and pushes through the crowd. begins pulling people onto his boat.
111) 0) text: Harriet hurries through streets, which are a mass of confusion. Black families rush past with all their possessions in carts. 80. Jasper In the center of town William Still stands on a makeshift platform, with a group of abolitionists.
111) 2) dialog: Thank you!
111) 5) dialog: I‘ll stay and fight. Long as my family safe. Still takes her shoulders.
111) 7) dialog: I'll be at the dock in 15 minutes. I have to say goodbye to Marie.
112) 0) text: Some THUGS have stationed themselves in front. Harriet du around back...
113) 0) text: Harriet slides in a back door. We hear sounds of a violen scuffle, coming from upstairs. Harriet pulls her gun and creeps up the stairs...
114) 8) dialog: I won’t leave you. With her last strength, Marie pushes her away.
114) 17) dialog: Harriet turns and locks eyes with Gideon. He pulls out a gun... One of Brown’s men slams into Gideon, smacking the in the air. It FIRES! CHAOS -- people duck and run. John Brown's men face off against Gideon and his crew, shotguns raised. William reaches Harriet and pushes her to the boat. WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D) Get on the boat! Now!
114) 18) dialog: Marie... Those bastards killed her! (CONTINUED )
114) 19) text: Jasper pulls Harriet aboard, shouting to his FIRST MATE t set sail. As the boat pulls away, Harriet takes in the scene... The desperate faces of those left behind, John Brown's fury... William’s stricken face... Her eyes meet Gideon's... Gideon tips his hat. It’s not over.
115) 0) text: Jasper puts an arm around Harriet.
117) 0) text: Harriet sobs in Robert’s arms, with Henry, Jane and Junya nearby. Jane strokes her head as Reverend Green’s voice continues...
118) 0) text: ON HARRIET, awash in grief, eyes turned inward.
119) 0) text: Carriages arrive at the secluded estate in the rural and remote upstate town. ARMED GUARDS greet the guests, both black and white. We recognize members of the Underground Railroad. Harriet is helped from a carriage by a guard. She’s dress in all black, wearing her grief like a gilded mantle. It’ become her superpower. William Still rushes to meet her.
119) 2) dialog: I failed them, William. We failed them. A silver-haired white man in his 50’s, SENATOR SEWARD, hurries over to be introduced. (CONTINUED )
121) 7) dialog: We cain’t just give up and wait for war. We gotta get back to work, bringing slaves to freedom. By train, carriage, horseback - by foot if necessary!
121) 9) dialog: I ain’t givin’ up rescuing slaves because it’s far! around the room, looking people in the eye.
121) 10) dialog: Many a you don’t know slavery first hand. You were born free, or maybe you been free so long, you forget what it’s like. at Douglass.
121) 11) dialog: You got comfortable and important... at William.
121) 12) dialog: «+.-You got beautiful homes, and beautiful wives.... (she looks around the room) But I remember - chil’ren beat for not workin’, when dey too young to understand what work is. Girls raped before dey first blood. Brothers whipped, til dey back in ribbons... Sisters sold way from dey babies. Tryin’ not to think a what dey went through... What those still enslaved are goin’ through right now! I have heard their groans and sighs, and seen their tears, and I would give every drop of blood in my veins to free ‘em! Harriet is on fire, enraged. (CONTINUED )
121) 14) dialog: So I ain’t givin’ up! I’ma do whatever I got to, go wherever I got to, however I got to do it - to rescue as many slaves as possible, til dis beast, dis monster call slavery is slain dead! The crowd is shocked into silence. A beat... then they br into applause.
122) 0) text: Harriet leads a group of exhausted passengers through rou and rocky terrain. It’s gorgeous, but miserable. A YOUNG WOMAN stumbles. Harriet pulls her to her feet.
122) 1) dialog: C'mon, we almost there. WIDE ANGLE - As Harriet leads the group across a rocky le
124) 4) dialog: Poor John... William continues talking, but his voice is lost under th eerie sound of insects... Harriet falls slowly, almost gracefully to the floor. The others surround her as she twitches and spasms.
126) 0) text: William Still and Harriet are mid-argument.
126) 2) dialog: I thought you knew. (CONTINUED )
126) 5) dialog: ...you need me more than ever.
126) 7) dialog: I’m a conductor.
126) 9) dialog: I got my own network. I’11 team up with John Brown. He's...
126) 11) dialog: Fearless.
126) 13) dialog: You tol’ your wife that?
126) 15) dialog: You de cruel one.
126) 18) dialog: I’m not your type.
126) 20) dialog: You should...
126) 22) dialog: Goodnight, William. William goes to the door. Harriet goes upstairs.
127) 0) text: Harriet is asleep in bed. We float down on her... Suddenly, Harriet’s eyes open. INTERCUT...
128) 0) text: The WOODEN FIGURES on her father's shelves are lit by torchlight, coming from outside... The shadowy figures of outside the windows... HARRIET’S EYES are wide with fear-- 92.
129) 0) text: Harriet is up, dressing quietly, tucking the revolver at waist. She grabs the figurine of her father.
130) 0) text: Rev Green is giving a sermon to a small gathering of loca blacks. Walter enters the church and slides into a pew next to an WOMAN in a bonnet... It’s Harriet. He whispers.
131) 0) text: Harriet and Walter come out.
131) 1) dialog: You build what I asked for?
131) 4) dialog: Mama, it’s Minty. Don’t scream. I come to git you. We gon’ git daddy too. I’ma let go, but you cain’t scream, alright? Rit nods, tears of hope in her eyes. Harriet lets go and turns Rit to face her. Rit screams, falling to her knees.
131) 6) dialog: Mama, I’m no angel come to take you to heaven. It’s Minty, come to take you North. Harriet takes off the bonnet from head and pulls her moth to her feet. Rit studies her daughter’s face, spellbound.
131) 8) dialog: I’m Harriet Tubman, mama. I’m Moses. Rit’s eyes widen. Harriet hugs her, burying her cries.
131) 9) dialog: That's right, I’m Moses, the slave stealer. I need you to come wit me, an do exactly as I say. Where’s daddy? EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - LATE AFTERNOON Ben is down by the waterfall, repairing a damaged chunk o stone and mortar. A pebble hits him on the shoulder. He looks up... Harriet is hidden amongst the trees. She reveals herself, gesturing to him frantically.
131) 10) dialog: Daddy! Ben climbs up the fall towards her. 94.
131) 13) dialog: You, daddy. You been harboring fugitives? He looks at her, surprised she knows.
131) 14) dialog: One of ‘em got cau ght and talked. They coming for you. We gotta go right now!
132) 0) text: Harriet and Ben join Walter at the cart, where he’s strap Rit into the rig.
132) 3) dialog: I’ma take you north to see Robert and Henry and Junyah. But first I need you and daddy to go wit Walter to Rev Green's church. You’ll be safe there. Through the woods, they can see MEN WITH TORCHES in the distance approaching Ben's cabin.
132) 4) dialog: Hurry. Then meet me at Brodess Farm. (CONTINUED )
135) 0) text: Harriet sneaks up to the house and slips inside. INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Anger stands on a stool, combing Becky’s hair. Vincent an Victor stand in the doorway, drunk and surly.
135) 5) dialog: I got a better idea. (CONTINUED )
135) 8) dialog: (to Anger) Don’t be scared, Anger. I’m your mama’s sister. We family. Anger runs to Harriet, clinging to her dress.
135) 9) dialog: Where your brother, Anger?
136) 3) dialog: This for my sister and her son. She FIRES!! (CONTINUED )
136) 4) text: The Brodess kids are wild-eyed, crying, the floor at thei feet splintered by the gunshot. Pee spreads on Vincent's trousers. Harriet looks at them, cooly.
136) 5) dialog: Give your mother and brother my regards. She picks up Anger and hurries off.
137) 0) text: Harriet come running out with Anger. Walter heads them of The dogs sound the alarm in their kennels.
137) 1) dialog: Where’s Foxx?
137) 3) dialog: Wait a minute. She sings, GO DOWN MOSES... One phrase is all it takes. SEVERAL SLAVES peek their heads out from their cabins.
138) 0) text: Walter and Harriet are on the horse. Two SLAVE WOMEN are squeezed in the cart, Anger between them. TWO MEN run alongside. A very light-skinned slave dashes from the woods in front the cart. TILLY’s eyes are desperate.
143) 2) dialog: You know your massa better than de lines in your hand. Be him. (CONTINUED )
144) 0) text: Harriet and Walter, in Tilly’s dress, uncover the rest of Freedom Seekers, who emerge from the corn, stretching cra limbs. Harriet pulls corn silk from Anger’s hair. Ben rub Rit’s shoulders. Tilly, weak with nerves, leans over her knees, trying not vomit.
146) 0) text: Harriet, her family, and the freedom-seekers are huddled small grove of trees by the waterfront. Ben is asleep holding Anger on his lap. Harriet strokes h mother’s hair.
146) 2) dialog: (speaking softly) Senator Seward sold me a nice house on his property - big enough for everybody. You and daddy, Robert, Henry, Junyah and Jane, and Anger too. We gon’ be together. An no massa forcin’ us to do nothin’. I’m gon’ spoil you and take care a you. I love you, mama. Tears run down Rit’s cheeks. She grips Harriet’s hand.
148) 0) text: Harriet hands Anger up to Walter and helps the last of th freedom-seekers onto the boat. As she prepares to climb aboard... She feels the familiar flutter in her chest, her whole bo buzzing with it... DANGER.
148) 1) dialog: Get everyone below deck. (CONTINUED)
148) 2) text: Walter hustles the family below. Harriet goes to the edge the trees and peeks out... In the distance we see... Bigger galloping towards them, Gideon in the distance. Harriet ducks back into the trees and dashes for the boat
148) 3) dialog: Hurry, get ‘em out of here! We got company. Walter reaches a hand to pull her up.
148) 5) dialog: Walter, promise me you’ll get Anger and my parents to safety.
148) 7) dialog: I can’t have Gideon coming after ‘em, Walter! If you want to help me, help my family. Get ‘em to safety! Promise me! A beat. Walter nods. He unties the boat and pushes off.
149) 0) text: Harriet emerges from the tree-line and steps into the roa waiting for them to notice her. EXT. WOODS NEAR RIVER -— ON GIDEON - spotting her tiny figure in the distance. He shouts to Bigger.
151) 0) text: Harriet scrambles up a rock face, breathing hard. Below her BIGGER rides into view... He sees her and draws gun. She ducks as he FIRES! A bullet hits the rocks.
153) 0) text: ON HARRIET - Crouched against the rocks, gun aimed--FIRIN Bigger’s hat flies off his head. Damn close, but not clos enough. As Harriet frantically reloads her revolver, Bigg aims at her with murderous rage.
153) 6) text: Harriet takes off. Gideon gallops after her, HORSE’S HOOV thundering past BIGGER’S DEAD BODY.
154) 0) text: Gideon chases Harriet through the woods, up an incline, b riding hard. At a distance, she looks back at him...
155) 0) text: Gideon emerges onto a wooded plateau, starkly beautiful i the late afternoon light. Bigger’s horse is grazing some distance away, riderless. Gideon looks around. No sign of Harriet...
155) 3) dialog: Toss your gun. Easy. Gideon slowly removes his rifle and tosses it to the grou at her feet -- quickly drawing a revolver from his holste Harriet SHOOTS the gun from his hand! Gideon howls in pai a fleshy hole by his thumb.
155) 4) dialog: Off the horse. Gideon slides from his horse, cradling his bloody hand. H faces her, breathing hard. The two of them only yards apa the closest they’ve been since the day she jumped from th bridge. She tucks her revolver at her waist, picks up his rifle and trains it on him.
155) 5) dialog: On your knees. He sinks to his knees, looking up at her, teeth clenched pain. (CONTINUED )
155) 8) dialog: I asked God how a sickly little boy could think he owned me. Gideon’s eyes turn hard.
155) 10) dialog: I was never yours, Gideon. I was never nobody's property! That was a lie you told yourselves. Since the day your daddy sold my sisters I prayed for God to make me strong enough to fight, and that's what I've prayed for ever since! I reasoned there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty, or death. If I couldn't have one, I'd have the other.
155) 12) dialog: But you’ll die right here. Gideon flinches, waiting for the gunshot... But Harriet lowers the rifle, using it to gesture to the woods around them. (CONTINUED)
155) 14) dialog: On a frozen, blood-soaked battlefield, the moans of a generation of young men in your ears, dying in agony around you, for a lost cause. For a vile and wicked idea! For the sin of slavery! Can you hear them? For a moment we hear the death-moans of a thousand men, i the aftermath of bloody defeat. Gideon looks spooked, as if he can see their mangled bodi stretching into the distance. He looks back at Harriet.
155) 15) dialog: God don't mean people to own people, Gideon! Our time is near! Harriet tosses the rifle, then turns and walks away, towa the grazing horse. Gideon watches her, tears welling in h eyes.
155) 17) dialog: You tried to destroy my family, but you can’t. You tried to destroy my people, but you won’t. God has shown me the future, and my people are free. MY
156) 0) text: A GUNBOAT, THE JOHN ADAMS, looms large in the background dozens of ROWBOATS row away from it. ROWBOATS - BLACK UNION TROOPS onboard, rowing stealthily towards the shore. HARRIET stands in the prow of the lead rowboat, like a figurehead.
157) 0) text: As the sky breathes with light we can see the shore and t line. Beyond that, the distant plantations. Harriet begins singing, in a loud commanding voice...
157) 1) dialog: 
157) 5) dialog: 
157) 9) dialog: 
157) 14) text: SLAVEHOLDERS and FOREMEN race from the trees, weapons aim at the fleeing slaves. The SOLDIERS take aim -- GUNFIRE. EXT. SEWARD ESTATE - HARRIET’S HOUSE - AUBURN, NY - DAY HARRIET’S VOICE CONTINUES, singing alone soulfully as... Harriet walks wearily to her house, on the Seward Estate.
157) 15) dialog: Wade in the water... Wade in the water children! Wade in the water... God's gonna trouble the water! Rit is sitting outside on a rocker. She sees Harriet and screams. Harriet’s family spills out into the yard, greet her ecstatically. Rit and Ben, Henry, Robert, his new wif and their children, Junyah and Jane and their children, a teenaged Anger - family whose freedom she’s made possible HARRIET (OVER) (CONT’D) God's gonna trouble the water! God is gonna trouble the water! They pull her inside and close the door.