1) 0) text: ON “MINTY” ROSS (YOUNG HARRIET) mid-twenties, a distinct in her forehead, from a wound long healed. Her eyes flutt A handsome black man, JOHN, 28, is shaking her awake.
1) 1) dialog: Minty! Her eyes open, taking him in... deep brown skin, full lip eyes sparkling with excitement...
1) 3) dialog: Least you ‘member my name. I’m always scared you'll wake up from one a them spells and forgit it.
1) 5) dialog: Guess what I got, Minty-mine? He pulls a document from his pocket and waves it. Her fac lights up. She grabs for it.
1) 7) text: He holds it above her head. Minty jumps into his arms. H checks to make sure no one’s looking and then spins her, kissing her deeply. A stolen moment. Minty’s father, BEN, 60, handsome and wiry, stands a disc distance away, letting the lovers have their space. She r to him. MINTY (CONT’D) Daddy! We got it! We got de letter! What it say, John? Read it to me!
1) 8) dialog: Don’t need to, got it remembered. (reciting) “,..I, Joshua Abrams, having reviewed the original last will and testament of Atthow Pattison..." As Minty walks away between Ben and John, their voices ar lost beneath a louder, soulful voice, singing...
3) 0) text: Brodess waves them forward. John, Ben and Minty step onto the veranda. Rit stands back, keeping her distance. Eliza looks on from the doorway. Gideon leans against a pillar, arms crossed, eyes on Minty. She trembles as Ben steps up hat in his hand.
3) 3) dialog: Suh, me and Minty, we thinking bout having a family... and we want our babies born free. So we hired a lawyer... Brodess barks a laugh, looking from John to Ben.
3) 5) text: Well, suh, we talkin’ bout the last wishes of your great-grandfather, Atthow Pattison. He gave my wife, Rit, to your mama as a chil’, but she s’posed to be freed at 45. She 57. Rit always knowed bout the will - her mama tol’ her when she was jus a chil’ - so when Minty and John got married, well... we hired a lawyer to dig it up... Brodess is quietly irate. He turns to his wife.
3) 7) dialog: Got a letter from the lawyer, suh. He say it’s clear - your great-granddaddy meant for Minty’s mama to be freed at age 45, ‘long with her children. Brodess glares at Rit. She glares back, tears in her eyes Minty steps up, summoning her nerve.
3) 13) text: Eliza looks from Ben and John to Minty, outraged.
4) 0) text: Ben supports a sobbing Rit. John tries to comfort Minty. takes her face and kisses her hard. Gideon pursues them.
12) 0) text: Minty heaves the ax from the wood with a gasp. She looks around her, panicked... In the distance, the overseer, Foxx, approaches, shading eyes against the blinding sun... Minty drops the ax and e behind the shed. She runs, skirting the outbuildings. She can see Foxx, searching for her... Minty evades him, tearing up a path, colliding with-- JOHN. He holds her, pulling her out of view. She clings t him.
12) 2) dialog: I know. We goin’. She looks up at him, confused. He pulls a crumpled auctio notice from his pocket - Negro For Sale.
12) 3) dialog: I’m coming with you. She touches his face and lips, shaking her head.
12) 5) dialog: You won’t make it alone, Minty. Who gon’ protect you, you fall into one a them spells? Who’s gon’ be there when you wake up? You need me. Minty seems to consider this. She kisses him hard.
12) 7) text: John nods. He presses her close.
12) 8) dialog: We be alright. Hear me? Jes hurry. He kisses her again and dashes off. Minty watches him.
15) 1) text: JOHN, half-hidden in the trees near the gate, waiting for anxiously. Eyes shining with tears, Minty wrenches her eyes away fro him and takes off, in the opposite direction.
16) 0) text: Minty runs lightly through the woods as the moon rises. EXT. BRODESS FARM —- EDGE OF PROPERTY - NIGHT - MINUTES L John comes out of his hiding place and scans the growing darkness for Minty, chest tight with worry. He heads back towards the gate. We hear HORSE HOOVES approaching... John is trapped with no place to hide as Gideon rides up.
16) 2) dialog: Come to kiss my wife, is all, suh. Sho is hard not bein’ able to see her.
16) 4) dialog: (bristling) Yes, suh. John turns and starts away, holding his breath. He walks few paces... We hear the thunder of hoofbeats as Foxx rides up, on horseback.
16) 8) text: Gideon raises his gun, aiming at John’s back.
16) 11) dialog: I tol’ you, I was just comin’ to see her-- Gideon takes his riding crop and STRIKES him across the f John falls to the ground, blood in his eyes. EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL —- POPLAR NECK - NIGHT A mill by a man-made waterfall, surrounded by stacks of lumber. Minty skirts around it towards a scattering of small cabi INT. THOMPSON'S MILL - BEN’S CABIN - NIGHT The modest cabin is decorated with wood carvings and hand crafted figurines. Ben takes off his boots painfully. He rubs his knees. There’s a knock; Minty’s face at the window. Ben glances then immediately turns away. He opens the door, avoiding face.
19) 11) dialog: I tol’ you, I ain’t seen her! Thompson steps between them.
56) 0) text: Work is wrapping up for the day and Thompson's workers ar trudging back to their cabins from the mill. John says goodbye to his team and rests against a pile of lumber, exhausted. A VOICE floats to him from the woods.
56) 2) dialog: Minty... Is it you!? He pulls her out of view into the mill.
57) 0) text: Both of them are awash in emotion, touching each other’s face. She’s changed since he last saw her, in proper clot she has the bearing of a free woman. John has changed also. She runs her fingers along the ugl scar down one cheek and across a clouded eye, where Gideo strap made its mark.
57) 2) dialog: One good eye is all I need to see you, girl. You look good, Minty. But why you back here? It ain’t safe. (CONTINUED )
57) 6) dialog: I heard you was drownt, Minty. Never thought I’d see you again.
57) 8) dialog: By the time I heard you was alive... (a beat; then) Minty... I’m married. She looks at him, confused.
57) 10) dialog: I took another wife, Minty.
57) 12) dialog: Her name Caroline, and she free like me. She carryin’ our chil’. Harriet is floored.
57) 14) dialog: Like I ain’t never loved nobody, not my own kin! You left me, Minty. You went alone and left me and I prayed for you. Gideon whipped the sight out my eye - and I prayed for you. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
57) 16) dialog: When I heard you jumped off that bridge, and I thought you was cold and dead, caught in the river weeds, like some animal - I prayed for you!
57) 19) dialog: Minty, you not safe here. You gotta leave, now! Gideon still lookin’ for you.
57) 21) dialog: I love you, Minty. I would’a died for you, if you’d let me. He turns and strides out. Harriet takes a few ragged breaths... She stumbles after him. EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL —- JOHN’S CABIN - DUSK The cabin has a small vegetable garden in front. John was his face and hands in a basin by his stoop. Harriet approaches, unseen. She looks in a window... INSIDE - A lovely woman, round with child, puts aside her work. Hearing her husband, CAROLINE glances at her reflection in a bit of mirror, taking off her head wrap, freeing her springy hair. Harriet pulls the revolver, taking aim at her rival... Then John walks into view, taking Caroline in his arms. H holds her tight, letting her comfort him. Caroline kisses away troubles, not asking their source. He puts his hands her rounded belly. Harriet bends over her knees and vomits. She takes the satchel from her shoulder and slings it hard against the door. She runs, the revolver swinging at her side...
87) 24) text: A big, powerful black man approaches, full of self- importance. WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D) (low) And the biggest heads. (louder) Harriet, meet John Clay. Clay towers over Harriet, extending his hand.
87) 25) dialog: John Clay. 9 - not bad for your first time. I abducted 18 on my first run. Only lost two.
87) 27) dialog: Pardon me?
87) 29) dialog: An old woman and a child. I don’t know their names. Harriet ponders this.
114) 19) text: Jasper pulls Harriet aboard, shouting to his FIRST MATE t set sail. As the boat pulls away, Harriet takes in the scene... The desperate faces of those left behind, John Brown's fury... William’s stricken face... Her eyes meet Gideon's... Gideon tips his hat. It’s not over.
121) 2) dialog: Slave catchers are monitoring all the northbound travel. God help the man without free papers. I’ve read of freedmen being pulled from trains as far north as New Bedford and Boston.
121) 15) dialog: If she can do it, I certainly can. My passengers await me!
156) 0) text: A GUNBOAT, THE JOHN ADAMS, looms large in the background dozens of ROWBOATS row away from it. ROWBOATS - BLACK UNION TROOPS onboard, rowing stealthily towards the shore. HARRIET stands in the prow of the lead rowboat, like a figurehead.