42) 0) text: William goes to a counter and rings a bell. Moments later beautiful and sophisticated black woman in her thirties, MARIE BUCHANON, comes downstairs.
42) 1) dialog: Mr. Still, good evening.
42) 4) dialog: Please to meet you, Harriet. Harriet is shy in front of the elegant woman.
42) 7) dialog: C'mon in. Marie leads her upstairs.
43) 1) dialog: Yes, I am a woman, yes, I am Negro, and yes, I own the place. Get your jaw off the floor. My mama was freed when her master died. She was pregnant with me, so I was raised free, here in Philadelphia. You can have the last room on the left upstairs. I’ve served supper already, I'll make you a plate. But first, you need a bath. You stink like a barnyard animal! There’s a wash tub in the kitchen. I’11 put some water on. Marie starts back downstairs.
43) 3) dialog: (gently) You're right, Harriet. I have not. 33.
44) 1) dialog: I‘1l warm your plate. You need anything, just let me know. A folding screen separates the tub from the kitchen, offe a bit of privacy. Harriet takes off the dress and underclothes and lets the fall to the floor. She catches her reflection in a piece mirror. A map of scars, both old and new, covers her lean muscular body. Marie catches a glimpse of Harriet’s body as she lowers herself into the bath. MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D) You got a man? BEHIND THE SCREEN -— Harriet sinks lower in the tub, delighting in the sensual warmth of the bath.
44) 4) dialog: The boatmen, the “black jacks,” travel up and down the Delaware and Chesapeake Bay. Maybe they can get word to him that you made it. Then he can come to you. Harriet brightens. She sits up, splashing.
44) 7) dialog: Call me Marie. Wash up good. Tomorrow we gonna get you a payin’ job. Harriet grins at the thought. She soaps her hair, vigorously. Then puts her head under the water.
47) 2) dialog: I can give you a dress you'll likely be hanged and buried in... She turns back to Harriet, having made her own decision. (CONTINUED )
47) 3) text: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D) Or I can teach you how to wear it.
48) 1) dialog: How do you do? Harriet imitates her carriage and gestures with surprisin skill. She’s a natural mimic.
48) 3) dialog: Good. You're confident, composed, but wise enough not to look a strange white man in the eyes. You don’t want trouble. Marie goes to a carved box and retrieves a COLT REVOLVER. She puts it in Harriet’s hands, adjusting her grip from behind. MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D) But if trouble comes, you’1ll be ready. Harriet looks in the mirror. She aims the revolver, fierc
49) 1) dialog: I‘11 put you in touch with a man who'll sell you free papers. Harriet moves slowly until an UNSEEN MAN whispers to her.
49) 4) dialog: They won’t be yours - they’re someone else’s. May not match your description exactly, but they’1l get something right. Harriet pushes the papers back to him.
51) 1) dialog: Hopefully they won’t read ‘em too close. They're more worried about Negroes heading north. Runaways don’t go south. The train pulls into a station.
85) 3) dialog: Harriet... you are so far beyond any man I’ve ever met. What’s a man to a woman touched by God? Harriet goes still.
85) 5) dialog: Not whatsoever. But I do have questions. You say God’s voice guides you. What’s that like? Harriet contemplates a beat.
85) 7) dialog: Umhmm. Even the best ones think they’re smarter than they are. And better in bed. (CONTINUED )
85) 8) text: Marie laughs. A brief smile tugs at Harriet’s lip. MARIE BUCHANAN (CONT’D) Where’s Mr. Still taking you? Harriet shoots her a sharp look.
85) 9) dialog: I know, he’s married, but that’s a fine- looking man!
114) 2) dialog: She's gone! You missed her. Heard she went south. But you won’t catch her. She’s too smart! God has plans for her. (CONTINUED )
114) 5) dialog: Wouldn’t you like to know, cracker?! Bigger slaps her hard, snapping her head. She catches a glimpse of... Harriet, hiding around the corner, gun aimed at Bigger. MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D) But she has to live long enough to do God's will. She knows that; she’s smart. Gideon glares at her. He shoots a look to Bigger.
114) 7) dialog: What you waiting for, traitor? Massa hollared, better jump. Bigger kicks Marie in the head - a deadly blow! As he thunders down the stairs... Harriet takes aim and starts after him. MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D) Don’t make me a liar... Harriet drops the gun down and goes to Marie. She strokes her face. Marie looks at her with one good eye. MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D) God’s got plans for you. Lead ‘em...
114) 9) dialog: Go! Marie falls back, dead. Grief-stricken, Harriet tears herself away from her friend and rushes out. 83. EXT. JASPER’S DOCK - DAY Terrified black families crowd the dock, some with everyt they own, others with nothing - uprooting their lives to to Canada. All the boats are full of passengers. William Still looks anxiously for Harriet as Jasper tries to block more frant people from coming onboard.