1) 9) dialog: Hold on!
1) 11) dialog: Hold on!
2) 0) text: A plantation house is situated scenically in fields of wh and corn. 20 Slaves are gathered in front of the wide veranda where... REVEREND GREEN, 55, black, is leading them in a slave spiritual.
2) 1) dialog: Keep your hand on the plow and hold on! Wanna get to heaven I'ma tell you how; Keep your hand on the gospel plow. Keep your hand on the plow and hold on! Amongst the slaves are Minty, John and Ben, along with ot members of the ROSS FAMILY; Ben’s wife, “RIT,” 57, fierce emotional; (CONTINUED )
2) 3) dialog: Hold on!
2) 5) dialog: Hold on!
2) 7) dialog: Keep you hand on that plow and hold on! Keep you hand on that plow and hold on! EDWARD BRODESS, white, 46, watches from the porch of the house with his wife, ELIZA, 44; his son, GIDEON, 26, hand with piercing eyes; twin boys, VINCE and VICTOR, 12, anda girl of 10, BECKY.
2) 8) dialog: I leave you today with these words, from Colossians 3:22.... “Slaves, obey your earthly masters in everything, and do it, not only when their eye is on you and to curry their favor, but with sincerity of heart and reverence for the Lord.” Amen.
17) 1) dialog: Who is it?
18) 1) dialog: Girl, what are you doing out here alone at this hour? Have you lost your mind?
18) 3) dialog: You the one wit the spells?
18) 5) dialog: And you intend to run. (CONTINUED )
18) 8) dialog: Which means they motivated. You money ta them. Unless word spreads you run off, then you damaged goods. They’1ll make you pay for that - beat you, hobble you, or worse. You go alone, you got a hare’s chance in a fox grove. If the slavers don’t get you, timber wolves and copperhead will. Can you even read, child? Minty shakes her head. He sits her on a bench and sits beside her.
18) 9) dialog: Maybe nobody noticed you gone. Maybe you can sneak back ‘fore daylight. Minty looks up at him, suddenly fierce.
18) 11) dialog: There’s not much time. It’s near midnight. You must be miles away from here by dawn. I need you to remember what I tell you. Can you do that? Minty nods, determined, trying not to be overwhelmed.
18) 12) dialog: Fear is your enemy. Trust in God.
19) 1) dialog: Keep the Choptank River to your left and the North Star ahead. If there are no stars, just keep following the river. If you can’t see the river - listen for it. You know moss grows where its dark and wet - wet points to the water. (CONTINUED )
19) 3) dialog: Follow the Choptank to its headwaters in Delaware. When the river splits, cross the rushing creek to your left and head straight North. Minty squats peeing. The moon’s reflection is caught in a brackish pond. The woods are alive with sound.
19) 4) dialog: In a few day’s time the Delaware River will be on your right. Follow it to Wilmington, look for a blacksmith and iron merchant named Thomas Garrett. I’11 send him word. She finishes and takes off again, running lightly over tr roots and fallen limbs.
19) 5) dialog: May God be with you! EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - NIGHT ON BEN - mournful and sincere.
64) 3) dialog: It’s good to see you, girl. Heard you'd come back. Almost didn’t believe it. He hustles them into the sanctuary.
65) 0) text: Reverend Green and Henry move aside the pulpit, revealing trap door underneath. Green pulls it up...
65) 1) dialog: Go on. You’ll wait out the day down there. You’ll be safe. 50.
66) 1) dialog: There’s others. Word spread. THREE SLAVES are huddled in the dark - a young man, ISSAC his father, JOE, and Joe’s mother, MIZ LUCY. They look up her, eyes full of fear, uncertainty and hope. Harriet is overwhelmed. EXT. BRODESS FARM — MORNING We hear angry screaming. Slaves in the field look at the house with anxiety.
70) 0) text: Reverend Green lights the evening candles. The doors of the church burst open and Gideon and his pos storm in. Reverend turns, appalled, as dogs rush into the sanctuary and Bigger and the men turn over the rough-hewn pews and benches.
70) 1) dialog: Master Brodess, what in God’s name?
70) 3) dialog: Suh, you know me better than to accuse me so unfairly! The Gospel in my hands is an instrument to keep slaves righteous and obedient. Bigger approaches the pulpit. He tosses the pulpit aside, revealing the trap door. He gives the reverend a nasty smile.
70) 6) dialog: Storage for my books and a few dusty bottles of port. (CONTINUED )
116) 2) dialog: Dear Harriet and family, it breaks my heart to write you with such sad news, but I am obliged to keep you informed about your family still in bondage. 85.
117) 0) text: Harriet sobs in Robert’s arms, with Henry, Jane and Junya nearby. Jane strokes her head as Reverend Green’s voice continues...
117) 1) dialog: Your sister, Rachel, has gone to meet that good friend of the slave, the angel of death. I am content that she has found peace at last. I pray for her children.
118) 1) dialog: Yours with affection and sorrow, Reverend Samuel Green.