0) 4) text: TWO YOUNG BLACK WOMEN in their early twenties, LINAH AND SOPH, faces twisted anguish, as they are ripped away from their family at gunpoint by WHITE MEN and dragged to a Slaver's carriage, where other SLAVES are shackled. Their mother, RIT, wails in grief as-- HORSES'S HOOVES pound, carrying them away, their expressi of despair seared into our memory. The chorus of insects grows louder, until it becomes overwhelming, like every insect chirping at once... We hear A VOICE, eerily presen otherworldly... MINTY!
2) 0) text: A plantation house is situated scenically in fields of wh and corn. 20 Slaves are gathered in front of the wide veranda where... REVEREND GREEN, 55, black, is leading them in a slave spiritual.
2) 14) dialog: Dey beat you again, dey gon’ kill you. Go wit Mary. Robert's wife, MARY, waits for him anxiously. Reluctantly joins her and his brothers heading back to the cabins, as Minty, John and Ben peel away from the others and approac the veranda of the house. Brodess looks up at them, perplexed.
3) 0) text: Brodess waves them forward. John, Ben and Minty step onto the veranda. Rit stands back, keeping her distance. Eliza looks on from the doorway. Gideon leans against a pillar, arms crossed, eyes on Minty. She trembles as Ben steps up hat in his hand.
3) 5) text: Well, suh, we talkin’ bout the last wishes of your great-grandfather, Atthow Pattison. He gave my wife, Rit, to your mama as a chil’, but she s’posed to be freed at 45. She 57. Rit always knowed bout the will - her mama tol’ her when she was jus a chil’ - so when Minty and John got married, well... we hired a lawyer to dig it up... Brodess is quietly irate. He turns to his wife.
3) 19) dialog: You a devil! You a devil, Edward Brodess! You sold my daughters south, where nobody know dey name! My babies lost, and nobody know dey name! She sobs. Brodess looks from Rit to Minty.
4) 0) text: Ben supports a sobbing Rit. John tries to comfort Minty. takes her face and kisses her hard. Gideon pursues them.
8) 0) text: A few gravestones on a shady patch of lawn. Minty, Rit and Rachel stand with the women, children and elderly Brodess slaves at a fresh gravesite on the proper as the Ross brothers and male slaves lower Brodess’s plai coffin into the earth. A WHITE MINISTER mumbles gloomy wo to the neighboring farmers and family friends in attendan Eliza is with her children, face swollen from crying, cho with grief. Rit and Rachel keep their eyes downcast, thoughts hidden. Minty prays in earnest, tears streaming. She looks up... Gideon is glaring at her, wounded accusation in his eyes.
13) 0) text: From behind a barn, Minty peeks out as... The slaves finish their work. Rit rubs her back, sighing the rising moon. The air flickers with dragonflies and moths. Minty begins singing, emotionally....
46) 0) text: Harriet barges into the office, barely noticing... The bustle of people, mostly white, engaged in various activities, passing pamphlets, signing petitions... William, writing at his desk, looks up.
54) 0) text: Gideon sits at a desk, writing, while Eliza dictates. (CONTINUED )
68) 0) text: Gideon, on horseback, thunders toward the gate. A BLACK YOUTH steps in his path. WALTER is gangling and nappy-haired, between 18 and 20, dressed in buckskin brit and work boots. Gideon almost runs him over, his horse rearing.
84) 0) text: William Still is absorbed in his writing when Harriet bur through the door, followed by the freedom seekers - all e of them, plus the baby. William stands abruptly, looking at them in amazement. Harriet looks back at him, quietly triumphant.
87) 0) text: William leads Harriet down a narrow stair and into a seri of rooms, well lit, with many candles fixtures on the wal and tables. Inside is a bigger interracial crowd than Harriet’s ever seen. It’s mostly black men, but there are whites as well some women too, conversing and socializing, as if it were normal. Several anterooms lead off from the main room, stacked fl to ceiling with wine bottles. On one long wall hangs a hu map of the United States, showing free and slave states a the territory open to slavery or freedom by the repeal of Missouri Compromise.
131) 5) dialog: Oh, sweet Jesus, take me!! I’m ready to go. Take me home! I wanna see my daughters! I wanna see my babies!
131) 7) dialog: You ain’t my Minty. My Minty jus a plain gurl. If you not an angel, what are you?
132) 0) text: Harriet and Ben join Walter at the cart, where he’s strap Rit into the rig.
132) 1) dialog: Ben! Our Minty’s Moses! One everyone carryin’ on bout. He gets into the cart beside her and pats her hand.
144) 0) text: Harriet and Walter, in Tilly’s dress, uncover the rest of Freedom Seekers, who emerge from the corn, stretching cra limbs. Harriet pulls corn silk from Anger’s hair. Ben rub Rit’s shoulders. Tilly, weak with nerves, leans over her knees, trying not vomit.
146) 1) dialog: Tell me, one mo’ time.
146) 3) dialog: I love you too, Minty. A BOAT glides into view. Walter waves from the deck.