2) 2) text: their children, ROBERT, 32, tall and muscular, BEN JR “JUNYAH”, 26, HENRY 18, and RACHEL, 20, heavily pregnant with a toddler in hand. All singing with mournful passion
2) 11) dialog: I’m coming with you. (CONTINUED )
2) 12) text: Robert, no. You too hot-headed.
2) 13) dialog: I’m coming. Rit stops him, a hand to his chest...
53) 0) text: Harriet’s brothers, Robert, Junyah and Henry, are raking fields, along with other slaves and their families, prepa for winter planting.
62) 22) dialog: Minty! He lifts her off her feet, embracing her. The others surround him.
62) 24) dialog: We got ourselves a baby girl. Delivered myself, not an hour ago. Set her on her mama’s breast and kissed ‘em goodbye... Phoebe’s baby gives a faint cry. Robert is overcome with emotion.
62) 25) dialog: Mary’s too weak from childbirth to run, even if I could convince her... I had to leave ‘em. (CONTINUED )
62) 28) dialog: You come for John. I’m sorry, Minty. Harriet shakes her head.
63) 0) text: The freedom seekers follow Harriet through trees. They approach a clearing by a body of water. The baby starts t cry. They freeze. Robert is instantly protective of the child.
63) 1) dialog: She hungry. She gotta eat. POV - The fugitives sit amongst the trees as Phoebe breas feeds the baby. Someone is watching... We hear a scratchi sound... A DARK FIGURE crouches in the trees, gangly and nappy-hai capturing the scene in a sketchbook.
64) 0) text: Harriet and the freedom seekers approach through the graveyard. Robert is skeptical. He won’t go further.
64) 1) dialog: I don’ like dis, Minty. Reverend say der a special place in Hell for runaways. I don’ trust ‘im.
72) 0) text: The freedom seekers sit huddled in a thicket of wood, tak a moment's rest. Joe rubs Miz Lucy’s back, Robert dozes, Phoebe nurses the baby while Junyah rips a strip of cloth from his pants to wrap Jane’s bloody feet.
75) 3) dialog: You tol’ us to go dat way!
75) 8) dialog: c'mon! The fugitives get up and run.
76) 0) text: The freedom seekers stumble alongside a tidal stream bath in fog, trying to keep within the sparse tree cover, movi as fast as exhaustion will allow. Harriet and Phoebe run ahead with Issac and Henry, Robert carries the baby, Jane leans on Junyah, Joe carries Miss Lucy. POV - THROUGH A SPYGLASS - The freedom seekers approachin the distance. ON WALTER watching from his horse with a spyglass. He rid off.
78) 0) text: Harriet runs towards the bridge in the distance. She paus to let the others catch up, breathing hard. Clouds race across the moon... light and darkness, darkness and light The wind whistles... POV FROM ABOVE - Walter watches from high in a tree as Harriet sinks to her knees, moaning. Robert and Joe run up to her; Joe panicking.
78) 2) dialog: She prayin’. Minty peculiar dat way. The others catch up, surrounding her. Harriet rocks and moans, in a trance. Joe looks at her in dismay.
79) 7) dialog: Minty, you gone full crazy! We got an old woman and a baby with us. We ain’t goin’ in that river! (CONTINUED )
79) 10) dialog: I didn’t leave my wife and family to drown like a rat! You wanna shoot me, go head.
79) 13) dialog: I’ll lead you! Follow me. To the bridge! He starts away. The others watch incredulously as Harriet raises the gun over her head and calmly walks into the wa Henry watches her, holding his breath.
81) 0) text: The freedom seekers watch, incredulous as Harriet comes o on the far bank. Henry rushes into the water, followed by Jane and Junyah. Miss Lucy jumps on Issac’s shoulders. Phoebe hands Robert the baby and wades in. A few beats later, Robert follows, baby above his head.
83) 0) text: Harriet watches sternly as the freedom seekers come out o the near bank, soaking wet and shivering, but unharmed. Finally Robert strides out of the water. The baby has slept through the ordeal. Robert hands her t Phoebe and faces his sister, sheepishly. Harriet glares at him.
83) 1) dialog: Minty... (CONTINUED)
117) 0) text: Harriet sobs in Robert’s arms, with Henry, Jane and Junya nearby. Jane strokes her head as Reverend Green’s voice continues...