31) 0) text: THOMAS GARRETT, a youthful and robust white man in his fifties, dressed plainly in the manner of the Quakers, polishes a set of fire irons, an assortment of ironworks display around him. He hears a rustling and looks up, jumping as he sees Mint shrouded in the dripping cloak, like death itself.
34) 0) text: Thomas Garrett sits at the head of a long table, laden wi food. His wife, RACHEL GARRETT, looks up as she sees Mint She’s very plain, with a kind smile. (CONTINUED )
34) 4) dialog: Well. Come down. You must be hungry.
35) 1) dialog: You're not the first to sit at our table, confused and hungry - far from it! Helping fugitive slaves is my divine duty and my life’s work. Why, I almost lost this house just last year, when I was sued in federal court for aiding slaves. After being tried, convicted and heavily fined, the judge asked me if I’d learned my lesson. I said to the court. “If thee knows of any slave who needs assistance, send him to me, for I now pledge to double my diligence in assisting slaves to freedom!” He laughs robustly. Rachel smiles and pats his hand. He takes a bite of pork, peering at Minty, bright-eyed.
35) 2) dialog: So tell me, friend, how did thee find the courage to come all this way alone?
35) 4) dialog: My dear child, I believe that God means all mankind to be free. Minty looks at him in wonder. (CONTINUED )
35) 7) dialog: No, friend. I’m a Quaker.
36) 1) dialog: Here we are, friend! The Pennsylvania border. Shall I drive thee across, or would thee prefer to walk into freedom alone, on thy own feet?
36) 3) dialog: Then this is where I’ll leave thee. It’s 25 miles to Philadelphia. Find the Pennsylvania Antislavery Society and ask for William still. He reaches in his cloak and presses a daguerreotype of a handsome black man into her hands. Minty looks at it in wonder.
36) 4) dialog: This is his likeness, so you'll know him when you see him. Until we see each other again, God bless thee.
87) 16) dialog: Friend, it’s good to see thee, and to know we’1ll be working together.
88) 6) dialog: I’1l make no secret of my mission to aid runaways! Why should I? It’s God’s work we're doing.
88) 12) dialog: How can we influence hearts and minds if we're too timid to say what we’re doing?
121) 16) dialog: As do mine.
124) 2) dialog: Good God, friend! What is it? Harriet walks into the room. William's relief is palpable