68) 0) text: Gideon, on horseback, thunders toward the gate. A BLACK YOUTH steps in his path. WALTER is gangling and nappy-haired, between 18 and 20, dressed in buckskin brit and work boots. Gideon almost runs him over, his horse rearing.
68) 2) dialog: You looking for some runaways, suh? Gideon circles Walter menacingly. (CONTINUED )
68) 5) dialog: This here your notice, right? Runaway slave, short, strong, dent in her head. He pulls out a sketch pad and hands it to Gideon. There’s a SKETCH of the slaves convening in the woods, another of Harriet - no longer the same slave girl Gideon once knew, but clearly recognizable as Minty. Gideon looks up from the drawing, eyes burning.
68) 7) dialog: Take you there, for a dollar. I’ma tracker, I know which way they headed, and I can help you find ‘em.
68) 9) dialog: That and lots more - artist, blacksmith, boatman, carpenter, fisherman, horseman... Got skills right down the alphabet til you get to scout and tracker. Work for wages though - ain’t no slave. Gideon pulls out his gun and aims it at Walter.
68) 11) dialog: East from Poplar Neck. Gideon throws a coin on the ground. He spurs his horse an rides off. Walter calls after him.
68) 12) dialog: I know Bigger Long! Gideon pauses, rides back. (CONTINUED )
68) 14) dialog: Best slave catcher round - but hard to get, ill-tempered and expensive.
68) 16) dialog: We practically kin. Hangs out in places you wouldn’t be seen, but I know where to find him.
70) 7) text: The others look on as Bigger pries the door open. Walter hurries down the narrow stairs with a torch... The small storage room is empty except for stacks of book and a few dusty bottles of port.
76) 0) text: The freedom seekers stumble alongside a tidal stream bath in fog, trying to keep within the sparse tree cover, movi as fast as exhaustion will allow. Harriet and Phoebe run ahead with Issac and Henry, Robert carries the baby, Jane leans on Junyah, Joe carries Miss Lucy. POV - THROUGH A SPYGLASS - The freedom seekers approachin the distance. ON WALTER watching from his horse with a spyglass. He rid off.
77) 2) dialog: They comin’ right to us! Bigger’s driving ‘em from behind. The other two got the road covered, ain’t no place to go but right here.
78) 0) text: Harriet runs towards the bridge in the distance. She paus to let the others catch up, breathing hard. Clouds race across the moon... light and darkness, darkness and light The wind whistles... POV FROM ABOVE - Walter watches from high in a tree as Harriet sinks to her knees, moaning. Robert and Joe run up to her; Joe panicking.
82) 0) text: Bigger, Gideon and Atwood converge on Walter.
82) 2) dialog: I lost ‘em.
82) 4) dialog: They disappeared in the fog. First they was there, then they was gone. Gideon slams his shotgun into Walter’s face, knocking him the ground. Gideon cocks the gun at Walter’s head.
108) 2) dialog: You the one they call Moses.
108) 4) dialog: I want to offer my services.
108) 7) dialog: I can do most any job, A to Z. Know the woods an rivers round here and most the folks in ‘em. Name’s Walter. Harriet’s eyes are unfocused, trying to see him with her eye.”
108) 9) dialog: Most folks definitely should not. I'11 explain why you should... We hear MEN’S VOICES, dogs.
108) 10) dialog: But right now, we gotta go. Walter whistles. We hear a whinny in the distance. A few moments later, the black horse comes running. Walter gets and pulls Harriet up. They gallop off.
109) 0) text: Walter and Harriet gallop through the trees. We see the flicker of lanterns, as patrols comb the woods. A vigilan FOOT PATROL is directly ahead-- Walter rides right through them, sending them diving out the way. Harriet sticks out a foot and kicks another as t pass. Dogs run after the horse, barking.
110) 0) text: Harriet gets off the horse near the bank of a river. She gives a throaty owl hoot. A RIVER MAN comes out of hiding and pushes his raft from reeds. Five FUGITIVES come out of hiding behind him. Harriet turns to Walter. (CONTINUED )
110) 3) dialog: I just saved your life, not for the first time. I’d like to go on saving it.
110) 5) dialog: Usually I work for wages, but I figure, since you talk to God - and seem like he talk back - maybe you could introduce us. I got some explaining to do. Harriet grins. She looks up.
130) 0) text: Rev Green is giving a sermon to a small gathering of loca blacks. Walter enters the church and slides into a pew next to an WOMAN in a bonnet... It’s Harriet. He whispers.
130) 1) dialog: Your daddy bout to be arrested for harboring a group of fugitives heading to Dover. One of ‘em got caught and confessed. They on their way to arrest your daddy now! Harriet and Walter slip out of the church. Rev Green watc them leave, making the sign of the cross.
131) 0) text: Harriet and Walter come out.
131) 2) dialog: Close as I could. He gestures to his horse, rigged with something like a sl tipped at an angle with a board for a seat. EXT. BEN’S CABIN - THOMPSON'S MILL - AFTERNOON Harriet approaches. On a rocking chair outside we can see Rit, kneading her hands as she rocks. CLOSER - Too much grief, abuse and worry have taken their toll. She seems an old woman, frail of body and mind. Suddenly the chair is grabbed from behind, a hand slapped over her mouth. Rit’s eyes go wide in terror. Behind her, Harriet whispers... (CONTINUED )
132) 0) text: Harriet and Ben join Walter at the cart, where he’s strap Rit into the rig.
132) 6) dialog: Yes, boss. Walter gets on the horse and drives off. INT. BRODESS FARM —- BEDROOM —- DUSK Eliza lies in bed, in the throes of an anxiety attack, st and financial burden having taken their toll, Gideon sits her bed, stroking his mother’s hair. A pitifully thin slave girl, Rachel’s daughter, ANGER, 8, brings in a tray, balancing the pot and cup carefully. Sh goes to tip some drops of laudanum into the tea.
136) 0) text: Foxx is on the shitter. The door slams open. Walter has a gun pointed in Foxx’s face.
136) 2) dialog: Call me whatever you want, that’s what you white folks do. INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER Anger aims the Colt with shaking hands while Harriet fini gagging and tying the three kids to the bed with strips o bed-sheet. Harriet takes the gun from Anger and aims at the helpless kids, rage in her eyes.
137) 0) text: Harriet come running out with Anger. Walter heads them of The dogs sound the alarm in their kennels.
137) 2) dialog: Tied up in the shitter. Let’s go! Harriet looks to the slave cabins.
137) 4) dialog: We’re gonna need a bigger cart.
138) 0) text: Walter and Harriet are on the horse. Two SLAVE WOMEN are squeezed in the cart, Anger between them. TWO MEN run alongside. A very light-skinned slave dashes from the woods in front the cart. TILLY’s eyes are desperate.
138) 2) dialog: We definitely gonna need a bigger cart. 100. INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM- NIGHT Eliza opens the bedroom door and sees her three children to the bed and gagged. She SCREAMS and faints-- The children look at their mother in dismay. Gideon appea behind her.
140) 0) text: A covered freight wagon approaches up the road. A single driver steers the horses. Walter steps in front of it, two guns pointed at the driv The driver puts his hands up in panic. 101. INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH —- MORNING Rev Green watches wearily as Gideon’s posse ransacks his church once again. The storeroom is empty. Rev Green manages to look indigna and vindicated. Gideon’s frustration is evident. He spots pamphlet on the floor, picks it up.
141) 0) text: A slender WHITE MAN drives the freight wagon with haste. horses seem skittish and uneasy. It’s the light-skinned slave, Tilly, wearing Walter’s clothes, skin ash-whitened kinky hair jammed under a hat. IN THE BACK - the wagon is filled with ears of corn, movi mysteriously as the wagon bounces along.
144) 0) text: Harriet and Walter, in Tilly’s dress, uncover the rest of Freedom Seekers, who emerge from the corn, stretching cra limbs. Harriet pulls corn silk from Anger’s hair. Ben rub Rit’s shoulders. Tilly, weak with nerves, leans over her knees, trying not vomit.
148) 0) text: Harriet hands Anger up to Walter and helps the last of th freedom-seekers onto the boat. As she prepares to climb aboard... She feels the familiar flutter in her chest, her whole bo buzzing with it... DANGER.
148) 2) text: Walter hustles the family below. Harriet goes to the edge the trees and peeks out... In the distance we see... Bigger galloping towards them, Gideon in the distance. Harriet ducks back into the trees and dashes for the boat
148) 4) dialog: Alright, let’s go! She takes a step back.
148) 6) dialog: Why? What’re you--?