7) 2) dialog: I know a gal name of Betty Sue Shook it so much She got the German flu No matter how she done it No matter how she done it No matter how she done it She done it just the same As she sings we PAN and TRACK, moving through the large, empty COUNTRY ROADHOUSE-
7) 3) dialog: You women don't worry About your life She made Jack the Ripper Throw away his knife- Only a few die-hard REGULARS are scattered at the tables bar stools. A pretty young woman in her late teens, CHINA DOLL, is behind the bar, head held in her hands, listenin aimlessly.
7) 4) dialog: No matter how she done it No matter how she done it No matter how she done it She done it just the same Lonnie and Scratch step in, cautiously looking around, ho that nobody will notice and tell them to leave.
7) 6) dialog: A copper brought her in She didn't need no bail She shook it for the judge He threw the cop in jail No matter how she done it No matter how she done it No matter how she done it She done it just the same SLICK, a pretty, sharply-dressed man in his late 40's at bar, and MACEO, who sits at a table near the bandstand smiling throughout, APPLAUD. The sound makes the room see more empty. Ty stands, nods to METALMOUTH SIMS, a slight, worried-loo harmonica player who sits behind Bertha Mae-
7) 8) dialog: They makin all that racket again at Toussaint's.
7) 10) dialog: You can drink your liquor You can drink your cold can beer-
7) 14) dialog: You can drink your good whiskey You can drink your cold can beer-
7) 18) dialog: You can lay up with your sweet gal But Poppa don't you leave me here
7) 50) dialog: At Pinetop's Honeydripper That's where I get my cold can beer At Pinetop's Honeydripper That's where I get my cold can beer- Maceo reluctantly moves down to take the order of NADINE, large, handsome woman with a prominent gold tooth who has just stepped in-
7) 87) dialog: Come here sweet Poppa Let me whisper in your ear Come here sweet Poppa Let me whisper in your ear Go back to Alabama But don't you leave your Momma here Only Slick applauds-
7) 89) dialog: You think so?
7) 91) dialog: I might be a little late Saturday, Tyrone.
7) 94) dialog: Other arrangements-
7) 98) dialog: It's his place, darlin, he can do whatever he want. Bertha Mae nods to Ty, holding onto her dignity for all i worth-
7) 99) dialog: You know where to find me if you need me. Bertha Mae pulls Slick out the door. China Doll watches after them, troubled, while Ty pours himself another drin
10) 0) text: Bertha Mae pauses as she climbs the FRONT PORCH of her tw story wooden HOUSE, the nicest in the neighborhood, liste to the TRAIN WHISTLE with a troubled look on her face. Sl waits for her with the door open-
10) 1) dialog: That is a terrible noise.
10) 3) dialog: Like a soul bein carried away from this life.
12) 11) text: He's playing here Saturday night. Figured I'd wait till Bertha Mae was gone to put this up. Ty turns to look for the right spot to fix the poster- MACEO
26) 0) text: Formerly a fairly grand house, Bertha Mae's hasn't been painted for awhile and the yard could use some work. Ty coaches China Doll as they climb the stairs-
28) 0) text: We start on the RECORD PLAYER, needle down on the spinnin song, then RACK to see Bertha Mae, laying DEAD in her bed
40) 0) text: We hear the slow BLUES DIRGE Bertha May as we see China D applying polish to Bertha Mae's fingernails-
74) 0) text: Slick sits on a tomb, drinking wine, MOONLIGHT spilling o Bertha Mae's fresh-dug GRAVE. He listens to the MUSIC in far distance-