7) 40) dialog: Gentlemen- They all turn to see DELILAH, Ty's wife, coming out from back of the club. She is dressed for church-
7) 42) dialog: Let's behave ourselves. (sees) What are you boys doing in here? Out! Lonnie and Scratch, busted, hurry out.   Delilah turns he attention to China Doll-
7) 43) dialog: And what are you doing behind that bar?
7) 45) dialog: That's sixty seconds too long. Maceo, you get back there and take that child's place. China Doll mopes as she steps out from behind-
7) 46) dialog: You bring people their food. Don't you be messing with their liquor.
7) 49) dialog: That's cause nobody's here but these couple lost souls, haven't had an appetite since they give over to the devil. Maceo gets behind the counter as Delilah heads for Ty at door-
7) 56) dialog: How many is that tonight?
7) 58) dialog: I don't want China Doll behind that bar.
7) 61) dialog: Not there she doesn't. You know she's not sposed to get excited-
7) 63) dialog: You'll get some of them.
7) 65) dialog: (joking)   Maybe that's the wages of sin.
7) 67) dialog: He isn't `my God'.   He's everybody's God. He looks at his wife-
7) 69) dialog: Viola Underwood found the Lord.
7) 72) dialog: (smiles) Well, she must have lost Him again between then and now, cause she come down that aisle tonight hollering in tongues.
7) 74) dialog: (thoughtful) Not yet.   Might be too late for me. Delilah surveys the room-
7) 75) dialog: I can't believe you're serving Alton Stokely.
7) 77) dialog: That poor man-
7) 81) dialog: He's gonna drink himself to death in here.
7) 83) dialog: Imonna go home and say a prayer for that man.
20) 0) text: Delilah is washing breakfast dishes, SINGING a gospel son she works-
20) 1) dialog: I see four and twenty elders Down on their knees I see four and twenty elders Down on their knees Well they all turn together Standing to greet the rising sun I see four and twenty elders Down on their knees AMANDA WINSHIP, the mayor's pretty, high-strung wife, ent and hovers uneasily-
20) 3) dialog: Thank you.
20) 5) dialog: Just cook em.
20) 8) dialog: Anybody can learn to cook. Just have to put your mind to it.
20) 10) dialog: No secrets to it. Imonna fix some ham with yams and greens today, you want to learn how. Amanda thinks about it, smiling all the while, sighs-
20) 12) dialog: You just say the word, Miss Amanda, I have you cookin in no time. Amanda nods, uncomfortable but not leaving.   She can't exactly offer to help with the dishes-
32) 0) text: Delilah sits at the dining room table with a sandwich she made herself. We hear PERRY COMO on a RECORD somewhere in the house. She hasn't gotten two bites down before Amanda wanders in, crossing to the liquor cabinet-
32) 3) dialog: No thank you. Amanda pours herself a glass of wine-
32) 7) text: So you don't take spirits and- what else? In your church? DELILAH
32) 9) text: Ah- DELILAH
32) 11) text: The tent out by the fairgrounds. Delilah nods.   Amanda takes a drink- AMANDA
32) 12) text: The church I grew up in- we were Pentacostals- they wouldn't have anything but the human voice inside the church. And dancing- any kind of dancing, music, card playing-- well, it was very strict. They took up serpents. DELILAH
32) 14) text: I tell Floyd these stories and he's horrified. They've always been Methodists, Floyd's family. DELILAH
32) 19) text: And your husband is a--- ? DELILAH
32) 21) text: Unaffiliated. I see.    He has his-- social club- DELILAH
32) 23) text: Such a colorful name. DELILAH
32) 25) text: He must devote a great deal of his energy to it. DELILAH
32) 27) text: That's very- supportive of you. Considering the sort of- environment- DELILAH
32) 29) text: I see- DELILAH
32) 30) text: I was a singer. I met Tyrone in the Paradise, down in Shreveport, China Doll was only two- Delilah considers, struggling to express who Ty is-
32) 32) text: I was just kind of livin along, you know, drinking more than I ought-- then Tyrone. It was like a light come into my life. Delilah turns away, embarrassed to have revealed so much- DELILAH
32) 37) text: My people were very devout, but they weren't- financially successful. DELILAH
32) 40) text: Oh, I forgot-- Amanda is up and out of the room.   Delilah frowns at the decanter, hurries to put it away. Amanda comes back in holding a DRESS for a young girl-
32) 42) text: I was going through Emily's old things the other day, and I thought this would look just darling on your China Doll- Delilah examines the dress, which is clearly for a little girl- DELILAH
32) 44) text: (disappointed) How old is she now? DELILAH
32) 46) text: (shocked) Oh my- I must have lost track somewhere along the line. Seventeen. She sits, still holding the dress, sneaks a look over to where the wine decanter was- DELILAH
32) 48) text: Mama?   They need you at- Delilah shifts her eyes to indicate- CHINA DOLL
37) 0) text: Ty and China Doll sit as Delilah lays dinner on the table She is dressed to go out-
37) 1) dialog: I expect there'll be a nice turnout for Bertha Mae tomorrow.
37) 3) dialog: Some of them, maybe. You still got to pay your respects.
37) 5) dialog: That's a terrible thing to say-
37) 7) dialog: It's no way to live.
37) 12) text: In this town?   Like what? Delilah proceeds cautiously- DELILAH
37) 14) text: "Watch yo feet, Mr. Mayor, I done just mopped the flo! " Delilah tries to ignore this- DELILAH
37) 16) text: Isn't even as much as what you make polishin that white lady's silver. I know. DELILAH
37) 18) text: You didn't have to. Delilah gives up, knowing he's set on his mood- DELILAH
37) 19) text: It'll just have to work out, then. A strained silence.   Delilah crosses to the back door- DELILAH
38) 4) text: Delilah arrives at the rear of the tent, finds herself a on a bench-
38) 19) dialog: We TIGHTEN on Delilah as she listens, upset, taking this very personally-
43) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES as- Hands grip ropes as the coffin is lowered into the HOLE- Reverend Cutlip speaks a eulogy- Slick tries to keep it together- Scratch and Lonnie watch the ceremony from a tree branch- Ty looks at his watch, slips away from the funeral party. Delilah notices, frowns. Reverend Cutlip takes note as we A shovel digs into piled dirt- Dirt is tossed down upon us and the screen goes BLACK.
47) 0) text: Mourners are walking back down the country road where we the coffin carried. Reverend Cutlip sidles up to Delilah-
47) 2) dialog: She always seemed at peace with herself.
47) 4) dialog: I never knew Bertha Mae to do hurt to a living soul. The Reverend is not too pleased with Delilah's forgiving attitude-
47) 6) dialog: I'm hoping so too. Cutlip nods toward the FIELD as they pass the PRISON LABO GANG, picking cotton under guard-
50) 26) text: (wary)   Delilah- SHERIFF PUGH
57) 0) text: Delilah is in her kitchen, HUMMING a GOSPEL SONG to herse apron on as she begins to make a pie. She pulls a METAL FLOUR CANNISTER down from the shelf, flips the lid off- a half full. She starts to scoop flour out from it and something falls a small CLOTH PURSE. She picks it up to put it aside, the frowns at the way it feels. She shakes flour off, unzips
58) 1) dialog: How could you do that?
58) 3) dialog: You don't go gamblin with my baby's money!
58) 5) dialog: I don't care what you took it for, I saved that money up for China Doll- Delilah bursts through the swinging door into the back ro pursued by Ty, trying to explain-
58) 6) dialog: -and you got no business puttin your fingers on it!
58) 8) dialog: There's got to be some line you won't cross, some thing you won't do-
58) 11) dialog: Reverend Cutlip is right about you! WHAM! Delilah slams the back door as she storms out. Ty turns and CRACK! kicks an empty crate halfway across the floor before stomping out to the bar. Maceo opens a beer with the church-key hanging from the icebox handle, takes gulp and sits to ponder this new development-
64) 0) text: Delilah arrives at the revival tent, the CHOIR already
67) 4) dialog: Delilah is standing, tears running down her cheeks, fille with the emotion of the moment-
69) 7) text: Them ribs outside smell real good, but I got my heart set on some of your Delilah's fried chicken. TY
69) 14) text: Maybe if you were to come back in- DELILAH
69) 15) text: Regular or spicy? Delilah is there, smiling at Pugh, pulling her coat off- DELILAH
69) 16) text: They both take the same time to fix up, I just got to know which. Ty and Delilah exchange a long look-
69) 18) text: Have to make mine regular. I like the spicy fine but it always come back to nip me later. She shoots a look to Ty- DELILAH
69) 19) text: It's important not to bite off more than you can chew. (to Pugh) Yall just make yourself at home. She kisses Ty on the cheek and heads for the kitchen- DELILAH
69) 30) text: Sorry, folks- must of got kicked on the train. The audience is stone-faced.   Could this really be the m Young Henry steps up and sits behind the DRUM KIT, pullin sticks from inside his shirt- Ty closes his eyes, begins to shake his head in defeat- China Doll looks worried, collecting another cover charge the door- Delilah steps out from the kitchen and looks to the stage worried- Sonny holds his arms out wide, shifting his body to get t BUZZ under control- Dex leans to talk in Junebug's ear- DEX
69) 35) text: Have you heard the news? There's good rockin tonight! Delilah smiles and presses her hands together, shooting a look upward- DELILAH
71) 17) text: Well- he'd have to take it up with my bidness partner. Ty shifts and we RACK FOCUS to see across the room to She Pugh, receiving his sack of chicken and white bread from Delilah. Ty smiles and waves- Cool Breeze reconsiders his terms- COOL BREEZE