13) 2) dialog: Aint seen no mule in a long time. The other pickers, men and women, don't look interested o even fully awake yet-
13) 4) text: I knew this was Alabama, but that's the Stone Ages, man. One of the other men, HAM, looks him over. Dex is little combative and has a nasty-looking SCAR on his face. Ham i big and morose, with a deep, grumpy voice- HAM
13) 5) text: Where you from, boy? DEX
13) 7) text: Down on you vacation? A few snickers- DEX
13) 9) text: You bide any time in these fields, bossman gonna fire your ass for takin up space. DEX
13) 11) text: You a fool, all right. More snickers and the truck stops at the side of a COTTON FIELD. Somebody lets the tailgate down and they begin to climb off- DEX
13) 13) text: Missippi. DEX
13) 16) text: That trouble you in have anything to do with runnin your mouth? The pickers unroll the sacks they pick up from the pile that's been left and begin to spread out at the base of t unpicked rows- DEX
13) 18) text: Must of been somebody kind of puny. Dex turns to face the much larger Ham- DEX
13) 19) text: As I recall he just about your size. The two men stare at each other for a long moment. Way to early to fight. Dex breaks eye contact and moves toward a row- DEX
13) 21) text: Nearest town is Harmony.    This Mr. Silas Tugwell's place. He nods toward Dex's row- JUNEBUG
13) 22) text: You better get pickin. DEX
13) 24) text: More you get first thing when the dew still on it, the more it weighs when it tip that scale. Dex's gaze falls upon a tall, strong-looking young woman starting down the row next to his- DEX
13) 27) dialog: (shakes his head)   You got my sympathies.
35) 0) text: The free pickers sit on and around the truck that brought them, eating lunch. Dex watches the prison laborers acros the road as he SHUFFLES a battered DECK OF CARDS, sitting with a couple of the other men-
35) 1) dialog: Them boys fryin over there.
35) 3) dialog: Ate a peck of dust today.
35) 5) dialog: Only thing wash the dust out is whiskey.
35) 10) text: That's kind of steep- Dex laughs and starts to deal a card at a time to the pla DEX
35) 12) text: What happen to it? Dex raises his voice so the woman he checked out in the morning can hear- DEX
35) 13) text: Spent it all on fine-lookin women. He calls to where Ham stands in knee-high grass, a heavy stick in his hand, staring intently at the ground- DEX
35) 15) text: His name Hamilton. DEX
35) 16) text: Hambone!   You want in on this? He raises a matchstick in his fingers- DEX
35) 18) text: That your deck of cards? DEX
35) 24) text: Looks like dinner. DEX
35) 25) text: Rabbit is a rodent. Man eat a rabbit, might's well eat a rat. Dex snorts, disgusted, then finishes dealing. He lays the top card face up and slaps down the rest of the deck- DEX
35) 27) text: He awful big to mess with. DEX
35) 28) text: Don't scare me none. I'm a steppin razor, man, I'm trouble on two legs. We hear a CAR APPROACHING, SLOWING DOWN- DEX
55) 13) text: You gonna take your pay, son, or give it up to charity? Ham swipes his pay off the table, stalks away.    Sheriff glares after him. We FOLLOW Ham as he crosses to the rear of the truck. sits on the tailgate, grinning at him- DEX
55) 15) text: They took the same two dollars off yours. DEX
55) 16) text: Yeah, and you could pave a highway with the rocks I threw in that mess. He catches the eye of Lucille, standing nearby- DEX
55) 17) text: You country nigros let the crackers run you like dogs- SNATCH! Ham grabs Dex by the shirt front and yanks him close, hissing in fury- HAM
62) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES. Dex, dressed to go out, pulls a SHOEBOX from under the cot he sits on. He lifts the lid to reveal old .38 PISTOL-
66) 9) dialog: (calling)    Guitar Sam! They look out at the growing crowd.   Ty is grim-
66) 12) dialog: Sam! We come to hear the guitar man play! Guitar Sam!
69) 30) text: Sorry, folks- must of got kicked on the train. The audience is stone-faced.   Could this really be the m Young Henry steps up and sits behind the DRUM KIT, pullin sticks from inside his shirt- Ty closes his eyes, begins to shake his head in defeat- China Doll looks worried, collecting another cover charge the door- Delilah steps out from the kitchen and looks to the stage worried- Sonny holds his arms out wide, shifting his body to get t BUZZ under control- Dex leans to talk in Junebug's ear- DEX
73) 0) text: 75 -which becomes Time BLOWING HIS SAX into the microphone- -and Dex reaches for his pistol- -and Ham reaches for his knife, but- -a huge, strong hand clamps down on Dex's wrist- -and another huge hand grabs Ham's wrist! Ty is there, clamping onto them with a grip of iron.
73) 2) text: Yall in my house, here, gentlemen. Don't have no fightin, don't have no killin, don't have none of that dismal nonsense in my house. Understand? What's your name son? Dex is shaken by the strength of the grip on his arm- DEX
73) 3) text: Dex- Dexter Moncrief. TY
73) 9) text: (to Dex)   Yours first. Ty gently takes the pistol from Dex, regards it grimly be laying it in the box. He turns his attention to Ham- TY