13) 8) text: Got in a piece of trouble up there with the white folks, need to bide my time for a spell. JUNEBUG, a local man with a nervous air, jumps in- JUNEBUG
13) 20) text: What's this place we at? JUNEBUG
13) 21) text: Nearest town is Harmony.    This Mr. Silas Tugwell's place. He nods toward Dex's row- JUNEBUG
13) 23) text: Cotton aint goin nowhere. JUNEBUG
35) 2) dialog: That Judge Gatlin's gang- he work them people from can until can't, ever damn day, and when his fields is picked he bid em out to the neighbors. Harvest time comes round here, you sign up with somebody fast or you stay outa sight. Dex waves flies away from his face, spits-
35) 4) dialog: Take some water.
35) 6) dialog: (smiles) Aint enough whiskey in this world wash out what I swallowed in my life. Dex riffles the cards-
35) 7) dialog: What we playin for?
35) 9) text: Two bits a hand. JUNEBUG
35) 11) text: Hell, I member playin this game one night- Memphis is Boss Crump's town, folks is gamblin before they can walk- ten dollars a hand. I caught a winnin streak that cleaned out half the sportin men on Beale Street. Got up from that table, my money was as long as train smoke- JUNEBUG
35) 14) text: Yo, Missippi- JUNEBUG
35) 23) text: Just sayin I don't want to play. There is a sudden RUSTLING at Ham's feet and WHAP! he bri his stick down hard. He pulls up a RABBIT, dead, by its h legs- JUNEBUG
35) 26) text: (mutters) Simple country nigger, fraid to sit down an lose his little handful of change-- JUNEBUG
35) 29) text: Your draw, Junebug. And don't be drippin sweat on my cards. MACEO (O.S.)
55) 1) text: A white CLERK sits behind a wooden table in front of the transport truck and pulls cash from a METAL BOX, consulti thick LEDGER in front of him as he pays the pickers off. Sheriff Pugh observes, his patrol car parked nearby. Ham has come to the head of the line, Junebug behind him-
55) 11) dialog: Yes suh.   Been that way my whole life.
69) 30) text: Sorry, folks- must of got kicked on the train. The audience is stone-faced.   Could this really be the m Young Henry steps up and sits behind the DRUM KIT, pullin sticks from inside his shirt- Ty closes his eyes, begins to shake his head in defeat- China Doll looks worried, collecting another cover charge the door- Delilah steps out from the kitchen and looks to the stage worried- Sonny holds his arms out wide, shifting his body to get t BUZZ under control- Dex leans to talk in Junebug's ear- DEX
71) 26) text: As long as we straight on that. JUNEBUG