2) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES.   We see the boys walking on a PATH thro the PINES-
11) 0) text: We hear the TRAIN WHISTLE again as the WHEELS ROLL and th TRAIN strobes past us, picking up speed as it pulls out f the yard- When it clears we see a LONE FIGURE standing across the tracks. He steps forward and catches a bit of light--
11) 5) text: You working that train? SHACK THOMAS
13) 4) text: I knew this was Alabama, but that's the Stone Ages, man. One of the other men, HAM, looks him over. Dex is little combative and has a nasty-looking SCAR on his face. Ham i big and morose, with a deep, grumpy voice- HAM
13) 24) text: More you get first thing when the dew still on it, the more it weighs when it tip that scale. Dex's gaze falls upon a tall, strong-looking young woman starting down the row next to his- DEX
15) 0) text: Sonny wanders down the street lugging his sack and case, moving toward the sound of a SLIDE GUITAR being played expertly- An irate-looking WHITE LADY glares at Sonny as she picks the milk bottles from her stoop, steps inside and slams t door. Sonny moves ahead, uneasy- We TIGHTEN on his face as he stops to listen, the MUSIC ECHOING, seeming to come from here, then from there, then suddenly from right behind him- He turns- POSSUM, blind, with his chair tilted back against the not open GENERAL STORE, PLAYS expertly on a beat-up old GUITA Sonny lays his case down to listen for a moment, watching man's fingers- Possum gets a whiff of him.     He keeps playing as he sp
15) 5) text: (looking around) Listen, which side of the tracks am I- POSSUM
16) 0) text: Ty is tacking one of the Guitar Sam POSTERS on the front the building.
17) 43) text: This is the place. They turn to see COOL BREEZE, a hard-looking, sharply-dre character, leading the prosperous looking MR. SIMMONS int the club as if they aren't there-
17) 49) text: This is my place. A frozen moment.    Then Maceo stands as well, backing up friend. Cool Breeze puts one foot up on the chair next to Ty, lic finger and dabs at his shoeshine with it- COOL BREEZE
17) 68) text: In the meantime, we not open yet. Which means yall are trespassin. Cool Breeze grins, still locking eyeballs with Ty- COOL BREEZE
19) 22) text: Fine-looking girl like you, ought to been all kinds of places. CHINA DOLL
27) 0) text: -Slick, sitting at the bottom of the STAIRS that lead to second floor, looking lost and bewildered-
28) 2) text: We RACK again as Ty and China Doll step in. Slick appears the doorway behind them. He's been drinking-
29) 0) text: Sonny walking along. He has left his guitar and sack back the club. He slows, seeing-
32) 8) text: I'm sort of between churches right now. I been thinking about changing over to the Holiness, but I- I haven't been sanctified yet. AMANDA
32) 32) text: I was just kind of livin along, you know, drinking more than I ought-- then Tyrone. It was like a light come into my life. Delilah turns away, embarrassed to have revealed so much- DELILAH
33) 0) text: Ty sits staring, mind working overtime, staring at the de woman on the bed. He barely hears Slick talking to the undertaker behind him, busy filling out forms-
34) 0) text: Blazing hot.    Cotton chaff in the air as the prison WOR bend to their   task, dragging long sacks behind them lik snakes. Even    the DEPUTIES are sweating rivulets as the stand by with   their SHOTGUNS in hand. Sonny is way behind the others, not dressed for the work, wincing as he pricks his fingers for the umpteenth time. NED, a little prisoner picking his way back in the opposi direction in a parallel row, takes pity on him-
38) 15) text: The thoroughfare I'm talking about, the righteous path we got to tread, is called the Highway to Heaven, and by the great Lord above it is straight and it is narrow! (MORE)
39) 1) dialog: Tulsa aint so bad but for the smell-
39) 3) dialog: That's right- and the flies. Course, I had me in a cell in Georgia once, six other men, didn't have no window atall.
39) 7) text: Paltry- KING
39) 9) text: -and dinner was a anecdote. KING
42) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES. Ty and Maceo help carry the coffin down dirt road, Slick walking at the head of the mourners following it-
45) 0) text: 47 We're in a   BAR ROOM- smoke, heat, packed bodies- Possum SONG grows   more intense as we TRACK IN on GUITAR MAN- y with slick   hair a moustache and tons of attitude. He sn flicks his   cigarette almost straight at us. We TRACK IN on YOUNG TYRONE, also swearing, stepping away from his piano- Guitar Man hands his guitar to one of the eager MEN stand close, hoping for a fight- A PRETTY GIRL stands to one side, looking scared and exci covering her mouth with her hands- Young Tyrone steps in to meet him, the CROWD around almos pushing them together- Guitar Man pulls out a KNIFE! Young Tyrone grabs for it a they grapple, face to face, struggling in a terrible danc A TRAIN WHISTLE breaks the spell!
47) 0) text: Mourners are walking back down the country road where we the coffin carried. Reverend Cutlip sidles up to Delilah-
49) 0) text: A torn and crumpled Guitar Sam POSTER lays on the bar counter. FINGERS move on the keyboard. Ty sits drinking, brooding, PLAYING and SINGING softly at piano. Maceo is at the bar-
49) 28) text: (angry) I aint kissin up to no cokey-nose, conk-headed- WHAP! He kicks Sonny's guitar case, left sticking out und a table, and sends it spinning across the floor till it CRASHES into the bar and flips open. Ty and Maceo stare a the contents- TY
49) 57) text: (thinking out loud) Now if he did show up here-- and our power was to go out again while he was playing- MACEO (O.S.)
50) 0) text: We start on a portrait of Governor Big Jim Folsom on the wall, then TILT DOWN to Sheriff Pugh, feet up on the desk table-top FAN pointed at him, looking up at Ty-
53) 0) text: Ty and China Doll stand looking at Sonny as he sits on a stool-
53) 18) text: You want to watch out for them wires sticking down- don't look safe.
69) 9) text: She made it last Saturday at the mayor's but ole Clayford Gentry was up from Eufala and he got the drumsticks. Sheriff Pugh is distracted for a moment as Opal and the g from the store step in, dressed to the nines, drinking up eyeball action from the pickers and soldiers- SHERIFF PUGH
69) 29) text: -Guitar Sam!!!! A TERRIBLE SQUAWK emits from the amp as Sonny makes the connection- Sheriff Pugh cover his ears- The girls from the store cover their ears, making pained faces- Sonny pulls his guitar away from the amp and the SQUAWK settles to a FUZZY BUZZ. Sonny frowns at the amp- SONNY
71) 6) text: I heard the news- There's good rockin tonight! Sonny finishes with a squawking chord and the joint goes
71) 11) text: I went to a party With a bobby sox I started swingin All she would do was rock As they join in the chorus, Ty sees- Cool Breeze, strolling in, checking out the action with a proprietary air. Ty looks to Maceo, getting back behind the bar.     Maceo as well, tightening up- Cool Breeze nods to Ty. A slow, sexy SAX BREAK comes up and Ty leaves the piano t cross to the bar. When he gets there Maceo is already counting out a huge pile of BILLS-
71) 15) text: What if Mr. Hardaway was to say let the chumps keep their change, he wants the club back one way or the other? Maceo looks to Ty, who remains impassive, mind working- COOL BREEZE
74) 0) text: Slick sits on a tomb, drinking wine, MOONLIGHT spilling o Bertha Mae's fresh-dug GRAVE. He listens to the MUSIC in far distance-
75) 0) text: The SUN RISES next to the Honeydripper sign. We hear the CROW of a distant ROOSTER. The parking lot is empty but f Ty's old Ford- Ty, exhausted but happy, steps out front. He pastes a SNI that says HELD OVER! across the Guitar Sam poster-