7) 21) dialog: Got quite a number over to Toussaint's place tonight.
7) 23) dialog: Lots of young folks. Come to listen to that box of his. China Doll brings Ty a glass of whiskey.    He gives her smile-
7) 26) dialog: Don't see why we don't just turn our box on and let folks feed it nickels like they do.
7) 28) dialog: But didn't nobody come to listen to her, Slick. Ty looks out the door at-
7) 31) dialog: Like the man say, you can't argue with failure. STOKELY, a bitter drunk who holds on to the end of the ba calls out to them-
7) 34) dialog: Never mind him, he just a drunk-
7) 37) dialog: You know Tyrone don't allow no scufflin here, Slick.
7) 39) dialog: You gonna drink, Stokely, or you gonna lay out back recoverin from that busted head you about to get?
7) 52) dialog: Likewise, Miss Nadine.   What can I do for you?
7) 54) dialog: What would you like to drink?
7) 100) dialog: (softly)   I put the box on now, Ty?
7) 102) dialog: Imonna crank it up some, see if we can draw a little life in here- Maceo crosses and plugs an ancient-looking tabletop JUKEB in. The jukebox sputters to life, LIGHTS FLASHING ON and MUSI BLARING for a moment, then the LIGHTS FLICKER and all the POWER in the club goes OFF!
9) 2) dialog: Damn.
9) 6) dialog: Must be a short circuit in the juke here- He yanks the plug out of the wall as Ty steps up to reass the few patrons-
9) 9) dialog: Imonna have to go out back, wiggle some things around.
9) 26) text: You get these field hands suckin down that whiskey, hop em all up with music, there's gonna be some razors drawn. He only call me if it's a fatality. MACEO
9) 33) text: A nigger aint shit in this world. Maceo snatches the whiskey bottle from Stokely-
9) 35) dialog: Speakin for yourself.
12) 1) dialog: It's just a weekday night-
12) 2) text: Still operating by LANTERN LIGHT, Ty and Maceo look at th night's dismal take, as China Doll lays chairs on top of tables-
12) 4) dialog: Least you don't owe the electric company.
12) 6) text: (indicates the dark room)    Yeah, that's a big relief. MACEO
12) 9) text: What you think? MACEO
12) 11) text: He's playing here Saturday night. Figured I'd wait till Bertha Mae was gone to put this up. Ty turns to look for the right spot to fix the poster- MACEO
12) 13) text: You know the Tomcat Club in Texarkana? MACEO
12) 15) text: Just went out of business. MACEO
12) 19) dialog: But you aint never had a guitar pl- Ty gives Maceo a warning look, which China Doll notes-
12) 21) dialog: What you gonna pay the man with? Ty glances at China Doll, uneasy-
12) 24) dialog: Guitar Sam at the Honeydripper. Man, this joint is going to jump!
16) 2) dialog: Damn! Ty looks up-
16) 4) dialog: I got a shock.
16) 9) text: Guitar Sam aint gonna play by no candlelight. MACEO
16) 15) text: Already over to the Mayor's. She told me to come here and make sure you eat something fore you start runnin around. Maceo comes around from the side- MACEO
16) 17) text: You got one waitin for you if you want her. Maceo makes a face-
16) 19) dialog: You mean Nadine?
17) 2) dialog: She seems like the kind could smother a man-
17) 5) dialog: Hey, I fixed it!
17) 7) dialog: Decided.
17) 10) dialog: That woman scares me. Last ole boy that give her a tumble, Nappy Carpenter?
17) 14) dialog: Well, come four, five months, a man starts to- sorry, China Doll, but this just the way it is- a man gots needs.
17) 16) dialog: You eat chicken every morning, noon and night for five months, you get a taste for some different kind of meat, right? (looks to China Doll) Maybe I shouldn't be-
17) 18) dialog: Well, Nappy goes out and has him a- a porkchop or two, let's say- and he comes back from Toussaint's one night feeling no pain, smelling like- like porkchops- the way a man will- and he falls out on Nadine's couch and commences to snore. Wake up the next mornin, finds she had took all his clothes off without him knowin it-
17) 20) dialog: Miss Nadine come in with a skillet in her hand, hot grits bubbling in it, says "Baby, I got your breakfast." "Not this morning, Nadine," he says, sittin up, "don't think I could eat a thing." "Well then," she says, "we can't let this go to waste, can we?" and she dump that whole hot bubblin mess right in the man's lap.
17) 22) text: (wincing)    Owwww! MACEO
17) 38) text: That's real kind of you- Sonny pulls his hat off as he follows China Doll, who is suddenly quiet and self-conscious, back to the kitchen- MACEO
17) 40) text: Look like he got cooties, too. Straw in them boxcars is full of em. MACEO
17) 49) text: This is my place. A frozen moment.    Then Maceo stands as well, backing up friend. Cool Breeze puts one foot up on the chair next to Ty, lic finger and dabs at his shoeshine with it- COOL BREEZE
17) 61) text: You don't think so? MACEO
17) 63) text: Saturday night. MACEO
17) 72) text: Yeah, somebody could make something out of this place. Wouldn't take much work at all. Ty and Maceo wait till the men are gone before they speak TY
17) 73) text: We cleared over two hundred that one weekend- MACEO
17) 75) text: And we didn't have no Louisiana guitar wizard playin neither. MACEO
17) 77) text: That's what they say. An awkward pause.   Both men are shaken.   Ty sits back d think- MACEO
17) 79) text: I already sent fifty to his manager. MACEO
17) 81) text: Another hundred. MACEO
17) 85) dialog: (shakes his head) What I'm sayin is, less he sees the green up front the man won't get off the train. A TRUCK HORN honks outside-
17) 86) dialog: What's that now? Ty, mind working, looks desperate as Maceo exits to see w honking-
18) 0) text: A battered TRUCK sits in front of the club. ZEKE, a tacit white man, and his black loader step out as Maceo approac
18) 1) dialog: (calls out) Bout time you fellas run by. We just about dry here. The loader lets down the tailgate to reveal CASES OF BEER LIQUOR. He begins to pull them out and pile them on the ground-
18) 3) dialog: Tyrone!   Whiskey wagon come by! Ty steps out of the club carrying one of the Guitar Sam posters-
18) 17) text: Come on, man, everybody give credit, that's the American way! But the truck is gone down the road.   Maceo comes up bes Ty, watching forlornly- MACEO
18) 19) text: With that sheriff sniffin around every night? Land my black ass in jail for good. Another TRUCK pulls around the bend from the opposite direction- MACEO
18) 21) text: Got a liquor delivery for a Mr. Lucien Toussaint? MACEO
18) 23) text: That would be me. Maceo bites his tongue.   Ty plays it through- TY
18) 28) dialog: Man, this better be some Saturday night.
19) 26) text: -it's an affliction. Ty sticks his head in, Maceo behind him with a case of li in his arms-
21) 0) text: Ty, Maceo and China Doll approach the general store.    A COUPLE enter from the front-
21) 4) text: Mr. Skinner don't want nothin from colored folks but they buy his goods and shine his shoes. You go on ahead, now- Maceo and China Doll cut around toward the back of the st We TIGHTEN on Ty as he unrolls the posters he carries, lo across the street for another likely place to hang one- POSSUM (O.S.)
25) 0) text: One of the GUITAR SAM POSTERS appears in the front window Maceo tapes it up- A trio on teenage girls stop to look at it as they pass (Possum is nowhere to be seen)- Maceo steps out to join them, eager to close the deal-
25) 2) dialog: Lovely ladies out to make a purchase-
25) 4) dialog: The very one.
25) 6) dialog: Fine lookin man. Real lady killer from what I hear. Got that New Orleans style to him.
25) 8) dialog: Oh, we'll be gettin some of those when he comes in on the train. The main thing is, the man is electrified- and you know what that means.
31) 0) text: Maceo nails a Guitar Sam POSTER to a tree, looks over his handiwork. An ARMY PLATOON trudges into the crossroads, sweat-soaked footsore- Maceo watches, pleased, as the black soldiers check the poster out as they pass-
31) 1) dialog: Saturday night, fellas! Every fine- looking colored woman in the county gonna be there- don't want to miss it! A white LIEUTENANT passes, giving Maceo a dark look.   Ma salutes-
31) 2) dialog: Afternoon, sir.   Nice lookin bunch of soldiers.
32) 26) text: It's just him and Maceo Green runs it, and then I go over and cook some when I get off here. AMANDA
35) 29) text: Your draw, Junebug. And don't be drippin sweat on my cards. MACEO (O.S.)
35) 30) text: Excuse me, folks- They turn to see Maceo leaning out of the window of Ty's Ford, a Guitar Slim POSTER taped to the side of it- MACEO
42) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES. Ty and Maceo help carry the coffin down dirt road, Slick walking at the head of the mourners following it-
49) 0) text: A torn and crumpled Guitar Sam POSTER lays on the bar counter. FINGERS move on the keyboard. Ty sits drinking, brooding, PLAYING and SINGING softly at piano. Maceo is at the bar-
49) 2) dialog: Man don't take care of hisself- out drinkin and jazzin the women every night-
49) 4) text: Don't make any difference now. MACEO
49) 6) text: Somebody we could find? MACEO
49) 8) text: There must have been a first one. MACEO
49) 10) text: Back slavery days, they had the ones that worked in the big house. Might not of had shoes always, but their pants didn't have no holes and they didn't pick no cotton. MACEO
49) 12) text: That's how they called em. They must of had all their African kinda instruments- drums, shakers, some kind of banjo thing- but the piano- MACEO
49) 16) text: -him standing there with a tray of white people food pretendin not to have a thought in his head, might be only some dust hangin in the air for all they know- but he's watchin the fingers, see, watchin them keys work. This old boy, the first one, he can play alla them Africa kinda instruments, he can play mud if you give him the key and the tempo, he's got music in his head, in his heart, in every damn piece of him there's music. MACEO
49) 18) text: And one day the masters is away, huntin foxes or some rich white people thing they get up to, and he's alone in the room with that piano and he comes over and sits down on the bench- MACEO
49) 24) text: Mace, Imonna lose my club. MACEO
49) 26) text: I got no more cards to play- MACEO
49) 28) text: (angry) I aint kissin up to no cokey-nose, conk-headed- WHAP! He kicks Sonny's guitar case, left sticking out und a table, and sends it spinning across the floor till it CRASHES into the bar and flips open. Ty and Maceo stare a the contents- TY
49) 29) text: What the hell that sposed to be? Maceo pulls out a home-built SOLID BODY GUITAR, a painted white rectangle with a complicated PICKUP jury-rigged ove the strings and yards of ELECTRICAL CORD hanging off it- MACEO
49) 38) text: Sonny that got a screw loose is why they arrested him. Maceo, make a noise on that- Maceo plucks a string.    Not much of a sound- MACEO
49) 40) text: I plug a chunk of stove wood into the wall I get more music out of it than that mess gonna make. MACEO
49) 41) text: Naw, man, it don't work unless it's hooked up to the juice, see? You got the juice, you don't need the hollow inside the box, the music just runs straight from the strings through this wire and comes out- He dumps the sack Sonny brought out and outs falls a mass tubes and wires, also home-modified- MACEO
49) 47) text: Less you gonna sit over on your chair and play them little Charley Christian kind of riffs- MACEO
49) 49) text: Sit over there and be all clean and polite. Guitar hasn't been up front since them old piss and moan blues shouters, sit their blind asses on the corner hollerin for pennies- MACEO
49) 51) text: Daddy, Sonny didn't do nothin to be arrested for! He was just lookin for work. MACEO
49) 53) text: But he doesn't belong there! Maceo turns the guitar over in his hands- MACEO
49) 56) text: I hope he plugs it in the wrong socket some night, lectrocutes his sorry no-show ass! Ty has a thought.    He looks over at the guitar in Maceo hands- TY
49) 57) text: (thinking out loud) Now if he did show up here-- and our power was to go out again while he was playing- MACEO (O.S.)
49) 59) text: So he come out and plugs his ax in- MACEO
49) 61) text: Clothes, right- MACEO
49) 63) text: You remember that night the lights went out in the Esquire Club in Mobile? MACEO
49) 67) dialog: Naw- it was his place that got robbed.
49) 69) dialog: They all too busy diving on the pot of that tonk game got interrupted-
49) 71) dialog: Aw, no, Ty, we can't- Ty claps his hands together, jumps up and heads for the d
52) 0) text: MUSIC plays on the RADIO as Nadine masterfully works her SEWING MACHINE and Maceo stands by uneasily. He holds up denim jacket Sonny left at the club-
52) 1) dialog: This size, right, but it's got to shine.
52) 3) dialog: Tonight.
52) 5) dialog: It's got to happen.
52) 7) dialog: Yeah, I spose you do- Nadine looks up at him from the sewing machine-
52) 9) dialog: Uhm- you come by the club tonight, we havin a special show. Tell em at the door you my guest-
52) 11) dialog: (mutters) Wouldn't hurt you to skip a few meals.
52) 14) dialog: Boy's gonna need time to try that jacket on- see how it feels. Later, Nadine- He is gone-
53) 7) dialog: Ty- Maceo pops his head in the front door-
53) 10) text: Let's hit it. Ty leaves to join Maceo- CHINA DOLL
54) 0) text: TIME TRENIER, an older musician with a permanently stoic expression, sits watching his pupil, a YOUNG BOY, torture SCALES with a CORNET. He glances up at Ty and Maceo, tryi not to plug their ears as the boy continues to PLAY-
54) 1) dialog: Mr. Time Trenier- that's a name to be reckoned with. Time doesn't seem to react to the flattery-
54) 2) dialog: Story goes that you used to play with Buddy Bolden.
54) 4) dialog: And King Oliver-
54) 10) dialog: (tentative) It's uhm- backin up a man on the electric guitar?
54) 13) text: Got to dress sharp. No need to say this to Time Trenier.       You could cut on the creases on his pants- MACEO
54) 14) text: It aint like a all-night thing- you just start out and there's gonna be a accident- Ty shoots Maceo a look- TIME
54) 20) text: That's a deal then. MACEO
54) 24) text: Time is my name. Ty and Maceo wince as the kid hits a particularly SOUR NO
58) 0) text: Maceo loads bottles of beer into the ICEBOX, wincing as t sounds of a SCREAMING ARGUMENT blast in from the bar-
66) 0) text: Maybe fifty people are in the club already, mostly LOCALS HARVEST HANDS, with more arriving all the time- Ty stands watching the crowd, tense, not at all confident that any of his scheme is going to work- A group of twenty of the black SOLDIERS from the base ste Maceo comes over and lays a hand on his shoulder-
66) 1) dialog: Natives gettin restless.
66) 3) dialog: We gonna be full up.   But the food- Delilah comin in? Ty's expression gives him the answer-
66) 5) dialog: She won't let you down, Ty-
66) 7) dialog: We just got to play it out and see-
66) 11) dialog: Then you gonna bring him out? Dex is joined by several OTHERS in the club, calling out-
66) 14) dialog: I got a baseball bat under the counter, but you out here all alone-
68) 19) dialog: Ty! They turn to see Maceo stepping in, concerned-
68) 20) dialog: We got a situation out there-
68) 22) dialog: Got the law in the house.
69) 23) text: Oh Lord- Ty runs up to his microphone, shoots a look to the bar- Maceo is pouring a scotch with one hand, the other wrappe around the wires coming out of the wall. He nods to Ty- Sonny starts to hook his guitar up with a thick COIL OF W then into the dented AMP sitting on a wooden chair beside and pointed out at the crowd. Metalmouth Sims looks on uncomfortably. Ty puts on his biggest grin, easing behind the keyboard- TY
69) 34) text: Gonna hold may baby as tight as I can Tonight she'll know I'm a mighty man! Have you heard the news? There's good rockin tonight! Sonny looks over to Ty, who catches himself and begins to play along. Young Henry is impassive as he plays a fast shuffle on the skins- Ty looks over to Maceo, half-climbing the wall as he trie pull the wires out. Maceo sees Ty, who waves him off- SONNY
71) 2) dialog: Oh my soul.
71) 4) dialog: I believe we do. He hurries past with his arms full of beer, pivoting to c her out from another angle- Dex sees across the room, frowns- Ham is talking to Lucille at the bar, leaning in close to heard over the music-
71) 11) text: I went to a party With a bobby sox I started swingin All she would do was rock As they join in the chorus, Ty sees- Cool Breeze, strolling in, checking out the action with a proprietary air. Ty looks to Maceo, getting back behind the bar.     Maceo as well, tightening up- Cool Breeze nods to Ty. A slow, sexy SAX BREAK comes up and Ty leaves the piano t cross to the bar. When he gets there Maceo is already counting out a huge pile of BILLS-
71) 13) text: Hundred forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, five, six, seven, eight, nine- hundred fifty. And they's another fifty in here- Maceo thunks a heavy CLOTH SACK full of change onto the countertop- MACEO
71) 15) text: What if Mr. Hardaway was to say let the chumps keep their change, he wants the club back one way or the other? Maceo looks to Ty, who remains impassive, mind working- COOL BREEZE
71) 24) text: You is a lie, boy! I known Sammy since he's drinkin mama's milk, hell, I known his Mama herself when she live up to Plaquemine- and you aint him! The audience looks to Sonny for his defense- Ty holds his breath.   Maceo brings the baseball bat up f behind the bar. Sonny just smiles- SONNY
73) 6) text: Well, gentlemen, this is the night there won't be no pitiful song written bout you two killin each other. Don't nothin rhyme with `Moncrief' anyhow. Maceo is there now, holding a cardboard BOX in one hand a the BASEBALL BAT in the other- MACEO
73) 8) text: These young men seem to brought something in for our collection. MACEO
75) 6) dialog: Tyrone- Ty turns as Maceo steps out, equally tired and unshaven-
75) 7) dialog: Who you talkin to out here? Maceo looks down the road, but Possum is nowhere to be se Ty shrugs-