18) 13) text: You can come by Monday, get paid and take back every damn drop I aint sold! We got Guitar Sam lined up, you know what that means?! Zeke steps in and slams the door, the loader doing the sa on the other side of him- TY
34) 0) text: Blazing hot.    Cotton chaff in the air as the prison WOR bend to their   task, dragging long sacks behind them lik snakes. Even    the DEPUTIES are sweating rivulets as the stand by with   their SHOTGUNS in hand. Sonny is way behind the others, not dressed for the work, wincing as he pricks his fingers for the umpteenth time. NED, a little prisoner picking his way back in the opposi direction in a parallel row, takes pity on him-
34) 1) dialog: Y'all never done this job before.
34) 3) text: Can't say I have. NED
34) 4) text: You want to set your pins out wide, bend over from the hip- Sonny widens his stance- NED
34) 5) text: -and don't be bobbin up and down all the time. When you up, be up, but when you on the row, stay down. Sonny digs in and keeps low- NED
34) 7) text: Lay it out for me. NED
34) 9) text: I'm going so slow. NED
34) 11) text: I'm not gettin paid at all.   None of us are. Ned cackles- NED
34) 15) dialog: Gettin right on it, Boss! Ned picks his way behind Sonny. Sonny starts to rock slightly, looking for a rhythm of movement he can maintai
35) 11) text: Hell, I member playin this game one night- Memphis is Boss Crump's town, folks is gamblin before they can walk- ten dollars a hand. I caught a winnin streak that cleaned out half the sportin men on Beale Street. Got up from that table, my money was as long as train smoke- JUNEBUG
37) 19) text: It'll just have to work out, then. A strained silence.   Delilah crosses to the back door- DELILAH
38) 10) text: The Highway of Life, Brothers and Sisters, will twist you and turn you, it will run you this way and that way, it will tempt you with many a detour-- for the Highway of Life, Brothers and Sisters, is designed to lead us astray! He gets an `Amen!' from someone in the crowd- REVEREND CUTLIP
39) 2) dialog: Got them stockyards near the jail-
39) 4) dialog: Must of got caught on one a them freights.
39) 6) text: Yeah, aint no free ride allowed through Georgia. And the food there- NED
39) 8) text: Paltry aint the word for it. Breakfast was a joke, lunch was a rumor- NED
39) 10) text: (laughs) Spose you been locked in that box. NED
39) 13) text: Let the Midnight Special Shine its light on me Oh let the Midnight Special Shine its ever-lovin light on me- Sonny turns to face them- NED
39) 17) dialog: (chuckles) Keep thinkin that way, young man. Judge Gatlin don't choose to work you into your grave, you just might do it. Sonny ponders this, looking back out through the bars, singing more moodily now as we TRACK AWAY from the cell-
53) 28) text: (concerned) What you gonna do with it? CHINA DOLL
55) 0) text: The free pickers are lined up at the side of the road-
63) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES. We TRACK toward the barracks-like housin for itinerant workers as PICKERS come out, cleaned up and ready to celebrate-
69) 29) text: -Guitar Sam!!!! A TERRIBLE SQUAWK emits from the amp as Sonny makes the connection- Sheriff Pugh cover his ears- The girls from the store cover their ears, making pained faces- Sonny pulls his guitar away from the amp and the SQUAWK settles to a FUZZY BUZZ. Sonny frowns at the amp- SONNY
71) 35) text: The SLIDE GUITAR continues underneath as we PAN across th crowd dancing- There's Possum again, at the bar, face turned toward Ty.