15) 0) text: Sonny wanders down the street lugging his sack and case, moving toward the sound of a SLIDE GUITAR being played expertly- An irate-looking WHITE LADY glares at Sonny as she picks the milk bottles from her stoop, steps inside and slams t door. Sonny moves ahead, uneasy- We TIGHTEN on his face as he stops to listen, the MUSIC ECHOING, seeming to come from here, then from there, then suddenly from right behind him- He turns- POSSUM, blind, with his chair tilted back against the not open GENERAL STORE, PLAYS expertly on a beat-up old GUITA Sonny lays his case down to listen for a moment, watching man's fingers- Possum gets a whiff of him.     He keeps playing as he sp
15) 1) dialog: Somebody slept in the railroad yard. Sonny watches the blind man's fingers move on the strings
15) 3) dialog: Been doin it near forever.
15) 5) text: (looking around) Listen, which side of the tracks am I- POSSUM
15) 7) text: What you doing here then? POSSUM
15) 9) text: Where our people go for music around here? POSSUM
15) 11) text: Long walk? POSSUM
15) 12) text: You in a hurry? Possum finishes his song- SONNY
15) 13) text: How old is that box you playin, Pops? POSSUM
15) 14) text: (smiles) Second one that ever was- an the devil's got the first. How bout yours? Possum gently nudges Sonny's case with his toe.   Sonny i surprised at the blind man's perception- SONNY
15) 15) text: Brand new.     Made it myself. POSSUM
15) 19) dialog: Old Toussaint, owns the Ace of Spades, don't feature live music. And Pinetop Purvis, owns the Honeydripper Lounge? He don't care bout no guitar. Won't have one under his roof.
15) 21) dialog: Yeah- when a musician put his hand to murder, nine times outa ten it's a drummer done it. But Pinetop a piano man-
15) 23) dialog: That's the story.    Might be true, and it might not.
16) 1) dialog: But if you meet the man, you damn well don't be askin him about it. A CRACKLE and a curse from the side of the roadhouse-
21) 4) text: Mr. Skinner don't want nothin from colored folks but they buy his goods and shine his shoes. You go on ahead, now- Maceo and China Doll cut around toward the back of the st We TIGHTEN on Ty as he unrolls the posters he carries, lo across the street for another likely place to hang one- POSSUM (O.S.)
21) 5) text: It was early Friday evenin Hounds began to bark Ty turns-   how did Possum get there, chair and all? POSSUM
21) 6) text: Stackolee an Billy Lyons Was squabblin In the dark Ty frowns at the lyrics- POSSUM
21) 8) text: I hate that damn song. Possum keeps playing but stops singing- POSSUM
21) 10) text: (wary) Just tryin to hold it together. POSSUM
21) 14) dialog: Heard you gone put on a guitar man out your place.
21) 16) dialog: (grins)   Oh- the breeze.
21) 18) dialog: Better be careful, Tyrone. You know what them guitar players are like. Ty glares at Possum-
21) 20) dialog: Well he shot him Three times in the shoulder Three times in the side That was the last time he shot him Cause Poor Billy Up and died
25) 0) text: One of the GUITAR SAM POSTERS appears in the front window Maceo tapes it up- A trio on teenage girls stop to look at it as they pass (Possum is nowhere to be seen)- Maceo steps out to join them, eager to close the deal-
44) 1) dialog: Hear tell Miss Bertha Mae passed. Ty whirls around-- somehow he didn't see Possum, sitting bench behind him, guitar in his lap.
44) 3) dialog: She lived it how she sang it. Ty tries to ignore him, looks down the rails-
44) 4) dialog: Waitin for somebody. Ty is silent.
44) 5) dialog: Aint nobody on that train gonna change your luck, Tyrone. Gonna have to save your own self.
44) 8) dialog: Oh, nothin much.
44) 9) text: Ty steps away.    Possum speaks quietly-
44) 10) dialog: But I know you from way back.
44) 11) text: Possum starts PLAYING, a dark, moody, slide-guitar blues. Ty looks toward Possum, not happy he's there, then looks away. The MUSIC gets LOUDER, FASTER, Possum MOANING and WHOOPING, stomping his foot- We TIGHTEN on Ty's face, tighter, tighter, then DISSOLVE
45) 0) text: 47 We're in a   BAR ROOM- smoke, heat, packed bodies- Possum SONG grows   more intense as we TRACK IN on GUITAR MAN- y with slick   hair a moustache and tons of attitude. He sn flicks his   cigarette almost straight at us. We TRACK IN on YOUNG TYRONE, also swearing, stepping away from his piano- Guitar Man hands his guitar to one of the eager MEN stand close, hoping for a fight- A PRETTY GIRL stands to one side, looking scared and exci covering her mouth with her hands- Young Tyrone steps in to meet him, the CROWD around almos pushing them together- Guitar Man pulls out a KNIFE! Young Tyrone grabs for it a they grapple, face to face, struggling in a terrible danc A TRAIN WHISTLE breaks the spell!
46) 0) text: 48 Possum stops playing and cocks his head to listen- The WHISTLE again as the TRAIN APPROACHES. Ty takes a deep breath, hoping-
48) 14) dialog: Somebody didn't show up.
71) 35) text: The SLIDE GUITAR continues underneath as we PAN across th crowd dancing- There's Possum again, at the bar, face turned toward Ty.
71) 38) dialog: Possum turns his head slowly, fixes on something, and we to see Dex and Ham standing toe-to-toe, snarling into eac other's face. We PUNCH IN tighter and tighter on the young men, body language telling us a fight is about to break out-
75) 1) dialog: That boy can play some. Ty turns. Possum is on the road, guitar strung over his shoulder, feeling his way with a red-tipped CANE.
75) 3) dialog: Aint needed round here no more.
75) 5) dialog: (smiles)     Oh-- down the road. Ty watches the blind man move away for a moment.