38) 6) text: REVEREND CUTLIP watches his singers, clapping out time wi his big hands-
38) 10) text: The Highway of Life, Brothers and Sisters, will twist you and turn you, it will run you this way and that way, it will tempt you with many a detour-- for the Highway of Life, Brothers and Sisters, is designed to lead us astray! He gets an `Amen!' from someone in the crowd- REVEREND CUTLIP
38) 11) text: It meanders away from the Light and into the Darkness, it tires our legs and whittles away at our spirits! The congregation start to get into it, RESPONDING, rockin with the rhythm of the sermon, flapping their PAPER FANS advertise Beauchamp's Funeral Home in the hot night-- REVEREND CUTLIP
38) 12) text: It snares us with the thorns and thistles of wickedness, it is paved with the black deeds of sinners and laid out on a crooked plan! That's not the road we want to be on, Brothers and Sisters, that's not the path we need to follow! The Reverend picks up speed- REVEREND CUTLIP
38) 14) text: Praise the Lord! REVEREND CUTLIP
38) 17) text: Keep your eyes on the prize and your feet on the street and you won't ever make a mis-step, you won't ever falter, you won't ever stumble, because Jesus will show you the Way! Several people in the audience are up and SHOUTING now, getting into the Spirit. Reverend Cutlip shifts gear, filling his voice with a sense of dread and warning-
38) 18) dialog: But you got to pay attention to who it is walking beside you, Brothers and Sisters, got to be wary against those who will hold you back from your journey! There's many a loved one got to be left behind! Cause you either on the road or you lost in the wilderness!
38) 20) dialog: You either headed for glory or doomed to damnation! You either in with the Lord or you in with the Devil- and they aint no in-between!
43) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES as- Hands grip ropes as the coffin is lowered into the HOLE- Reverend Cutlip speaks a eulogy- Slick tries to keep it together- Scratch and Lonnie watch the ceremony from a tree branch- Ty looks at his watch, slips away from the funeral party. Delilah notices, frowns. Reverend Cutlip takes note as we A shovel digs into piled dirt- Dirt is tossed down upon us and the screen goes BLACK.
47) 0) text: Mourners are walking back down the country road where we the coffin carried. Reverend Cutlip sidles up to Delilah-
47) 1) dialog: A mournful end for a wayward sinner.
47) 3) dialog: The company she kept, the life she led-
47) 5) dialog: We're all hoping to see you get over and accept the Lord tonight, Delilah.
47) 7) dialog: You been lingering at the threshold long enough, Sister. Time to step ahead. Delilah tries not to show how shaken she is by this challenge. She passes out of frame and we see China Doll bringing up the rear of the funeral party, lost in though She looks over into the cotton field-
67) 0) text: Reverend Cutlip holds forth under the LANTERN LIGHT-
67) 1) dialog: The Lord don't want nobody to sit back suffering! He wants you to stand up! He wants you to rise up! He wants you to step forward! He wants you rush down into the merciful arms of His eternal salvation! Many of the congregation are up on their feet, clapping a testifying-
67) 2) dialog: Is there anyone out here tonight gonna answer His call? Is there anyone out here tonight gonna come forward and be saved?
67) 5) dialog: The fire is heatin up, Brothers and Sisters, and Judgement Day is nigh! Aint no time to hesitate, you got to come on down and take Him into your heart! Delilah starts to walk down the aisle-
67) 6) dialog: That's right- come on down! They no turning back now- feel the Lord's hand at your back- got to leave all them sinners behind! Delilah stops in the middle of the aisle, trembling, unsu
67) 7) dialog: (sees her) You got a voice in your heart, Sister- that's the Lord talking! You hear him? Delilah starts to nod her head, weeping-
67) 8) dialog: That voice telling you where you need to be right now! You just got to move your feet and get there!