11) 3) text: He come round here much? SHACK THOMAS
11) 5) text: You working that train? SHACK THOMAS
11) 7) text: What you get off here for? SHACK THOMAS
11) 9) text: (shrugs) Got tired of sleepin in a boxcar. Listen, is there a place to- SHACK THOMAS
11) 10) text: (points) Switchman's shed, right over there, has got a cot. Don't mind the rats none, less you got food on you- and I can see you and a good meal has been strangers for some time. Sonny looks at the shed, unenthusiastic- SHACK THOMAS
11) 11) text: You get into town tomorrow an need somethin, tell em Shack Thomas sent you. They know who you talkin about.
11) 18) dialog: Only night I ever spent in jail was a town called Liberty. Sun comes up, you'll see where you landed. And you best be out of that shed by first light.
17) 32) text: No, no-- uhm, Mr. Shack Thomas said that if I was to- TY
22) 0) text: A quartet of WORKMEN and DELIVERYMEN lounge on piled up shipping crates as Shack Thomas stands addressing them-
22) 1) dialog: The time is ripe and the bill is past due. Roosevelt would of done it already, only he died and they don't listen to Miss Eleanor no more. But Mr. Truman startin to bend, specially now that we got a war heatin up. As Brother Randolph says-
22) 4) text: -the gospel accordin to A. Phillip Randolph. SHACK THOMAS
22) 6) text: Got my nose above the waterline. SHACK THOMAS
22) 8) text: She's doin fine, Uncle Shack. SHACK THOMAS
22) 10) text: I carried a rifle in the Great War, Shack. Boys get in the middle of this Korea mess they aint gonna thank you for your efforts. SHACK THOMAS
22) 12) text: Black folks shooting yellow folks to keep the white folks happy? SHACK THOMAS
22) 16) dialog: That is a hard-headed man.
48) 0) text: The TRAIN has just pulled into the station.       A pair PULLMAN PORTERS step out-- But nobody else. Ty feels his heart sink. Shack Thomas comes up behind him carrying an overnight bag-
48) 1) dialog: Tyrone- got somebody gettin off here?
48) 4) dialog: What's the party's name?
48) 6) dialog: (impressed) He's comin here?
48) 8) dialog: Yo, Nat!    Guitar Sam get on this train?
48) 13) dialog: Well, brother- maybe he be in tomorrow. We FOLLOW Ty away from the train as Nat calls `All aboard and the engine gathers power. Possum sits listening to the single SLIDE NOTES he plays, if tuning his guitar-