9) 12) dialog: Evenin, folks.
9) 14) dialog: Your lights gone out.
9) 16) dialog: Don't know but that be a vilation of somethin or other. Ty has played this game before, trying to hold his ground without pissing off the white man with the badge-
9) 18) dialog: Your wife been cookin?
9) 20) dialog: (grins) I stood by there a while. Them nigras was singin up a storm. Ty doesn't respond. Sheriff Pugh stops right next to Stokely, giving him a dead-pan stare as he speaks. Stokel won't meet his eyes-
9) 21) dialog: I just come out here to look in on Toussaint- had that shooting two nights ago.
9) 23) dialog: There is that. But me and Old Toussaint got us a greement.
9) 27) text: Never been a killin in here.   Them youngbloods know better- SHERIFF PUGH
9) 28) text: -than to mess with Tyrone Purvis. He turns his attention to Tyrone- SHERIFF PUGH
9) 29) text: You got quite the reputation round here, Tyrone. Say you put some poor black boy in the grave. It gets very quiet, the HISS of the KEROSENE LANTERN grow tense and insistent. China Doll looks from Sheriff Pugh to Ty's face, searchin for a flicker of evidence. Ty stays deadpan- TY
9) 30) text: Just people talkin. The Sheriff steps to put his face very close to Ty's, an of menace in his voice when he speaks softly- SHERIFF PUGH
9) 31) text: You remember that this is my county, Tyrone. What goes on goes on cause I let it. Don't want to get too big for your britches out here. Ty holds Pugh's eyes for an agonizingly long moment, then sheriff turns and heads for the door- SHERIFF PUGH
30) 7) dialog: Sure you do, boy. And a speedy one, too. (points) Meet Judge Gatlin. Gatlin spits-
50) 0) text: We start on a portrait of Governor Big Jim Folsom on the wall, then TILT DOWN to Sheriff Pugh, feet up on the desk table-top FAN pointed at him, looking up at Ty-
50) 1) dialog: Why you interested in this boy?
50) 3) dialog: Must be doin pretty good for yourself out there, Tyrone, you hirin new people on.
50) 5) text: Passing well, yeah- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 7) text: Name is Sonny- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 9) text: Judge Gatlin payin three a day for prison labor. SHERIFF PUGH
50) 11) text: Which might be- ? SHERIFF PUGH
50) 13) text: Well, I was counting on more of a one-time deal- if I could just rent him out for the weekend- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 14) text: Fifty dollars. Ty looks stricken- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 16) text: I pay you Sunday morning? SHERIFF PUGH
50) 20) text: You think you too smart for the rest of us, don't you, Tyrone? Think you can go it by yourself. He puts his feet down and sits forward, drilling Ty with eyes- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 22) text: It's not a favor if I got to pay- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 24) text: (deadpan)    You'll get the fifty. SHERIFF PUGH
50) 26) text: (wary)   Delilah- SHERIFF PUGH
50) 28) text: She be happy to fix you whatever you want. SHERIFF PUGH
50) 30) text: Different people got different kinds of talents. Sheriff Pugh heaves himself to his feet-
50) 32) dialog: Lurleen aint discovered what hers is yet. Let's go fetch that boy.
55) 1) text: A white CLERK sits behind a wooden table in front of the transport truck and pulls cash from a METAL BOX, consulti thick LEDGER in front of him as he pays the pickers off. Sheriff Pugh observes, his patrol car parked nearby. Ham has come to the head of the line, Junebug behind him-
55) 18) text: That sheriff wasn't here I'd snap your neck, boy. SHERIFF PUGH (O.S.)
55) 19) text: Don't let me stop you. Ham turns to see Sheriff Pugh standing behind him, a wry smile on his face- SHERIFF PUGH
69) 0) text: Sheriff Pugh stands near the piano, putting a considerabl damper on the mood in the room. Ty hurries out to him, wi a panic-stricken smile on his face-
69) 2) dialog: (looking around) Got a nice crowd in here tonight, Tyrone. See them army uniforms-
69) 4) dialog: Chicken.
69) 8) text: Right- SHERIFF PUGH
69) 9) text: She made it last Saturday at the mayor's but ole Clayford Gentry was up from Eufala and he got the drumsticks. Sheriff Pugh is distracted for a moment as Opal and the g from the store step in, dressed to the nines, drinking up eyeball action from the pickers and soldiers- SHERIFF PUGH
69) 11) text: See, the thing is- SHERIFF PUGH
69) 20) text: Good luck tonight, baby. SHERIFF PUGH
69) 29) text: -Guitar Sam!!!! A TERRIBLE SQUAWK emits from the amp as Sonny makes the connection- Sheriff Pugh cover his ears- The girls from the store cover their ears, making pained faces- Sonny pulls his guitar away from the amp and the SQUAWK settles to a FUZZY BUZZ. Sonny frowns at the amp- SONNY
71) 33) dialog: The Sheriff makes his way through the crowd and out the d The last person he passes turns toward Ty- Possum? But then DANCERS cross in front and he is gone.