7) 11) dialog: She sounding good, huh?
7) 15) dialog: Not much of a crowd.
7) 17) dialog: You ought to advertise. Got an attraction like Bertha Mae-
7) 20) dialog: (defensive) You saying something about- Maceo arrives to join them, interrupting-
7) 27) dialog: The lady is singing.
7) 41) dialog: (doffs his hat)    Miss Delilah-
7) 88) dialog: That was outstandin, baby.   You still got the voice. Bertha Mae, a little unsteady, holds onto Slick's arm as helps her off the stage-
7) 90) dialog: Sent a chill down my spine to hear you. Bertha Mae looks to Ty as he steps back in-
7) 97) dialog: You can't do that!
10) 2) dialog: Just the northbound from Talledega. Sounds like it always does.
10) 5) dialog: Come on in, darlin.     You catch your death out here.
27) 0) text: -Slick, sitting at the bottom of the STAIRS that lead to second floor, looking lost and bewildered-
27) 1) dialog: She's gone.
27) 5) dialog: She's just gone.   Woke up beside her and--
28) 2) text: We RACK again as Ty and China Doll step in. Slick appears the doorway behind them. He's been drinking-
28) 3) dialog: Fourteen years.
28) 5) dialog: People make jokes and all, but I been with that woman fourteen years. That's a good part of my life.
28) 8) dialog: She gimme the only home I ever had. He looks at them, devastated-
28) 9) dialog: What I'm gonna do now?
33) 0) text: Ty sits staring, mind working overtime, staring at the de woman on the bed. He barely hears Slick talking to the undertaker behind him, busy filling out forms-
33) 1) dialog: There isn't any cash money I know of. She sold a good deal of the furniture, but there's still a nice- lookin sofa in the parlor. Only thing she cared for anymore was singin out to Pinetop's place- Ty looks at a large RING on Bertha's Mae's cold gray hand He touches it with a finger-
33) 2) dialog: You welcome to look around the house- if there's anything your Missus might like-- long as it's not something personal to me and Bertha Mae- Ty draws his finger away from the ring as if burnt-
33) 3) dialog: It's just- she got to go out in style, is what it is. The best you got, all the trimmins- lay it out for her. That's the way she lived it- that's the way she ought to leave it. Ty closes his eyes and buries his head in his hands-
42) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES. Ty and Maceo help carry the coffin down dirt road, Slick walking at the head of the mourners following it-
43) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES as- Hands grip ropes as the coffin is lowered into the HOLE- Reverend Cutlip speaks a eulogy- Slick tries to keep it together- Scratch and Lonnie watch the ceremony from a tree branch- Ty looks at his watch, slips away from the funeral party. Delilah notices, frowns. Reverend Cutlip takes note as we A shovel digs into piled dirt- Dirt is tossed down upon us and the screen goes BLACK.
45) 0) text: 47 We're in a   BAR ROOM- smoke, heat, packed bodies- Possum SONG grows   more intense as we TRACK IN on GUITAR MAN- y with slick   hair a moustache and tons of attitude. He sn flicks his   cigarette almost straight at us. We TRACK IN on YOUNG TYRONE, also swearing, stepping away from his piano- Guitar Man hands his guitar to one of the eager MEN stand close, hoping for a fight- A PRETTY GIRL stands to one side, looking scared and exci covering her mouth with her hands- Young Tyrone steps in to meet him, the CROWD around almos pushing them together- Guitar Man pulls out a KNIFE! Young Tyrone grabs for it a they grapple, face to face, struggling in a terrible danc A TRAIN WHISTLE breaks the spell!
49) 62) text: Hair all slick and shiny, flash some gold teeth at them gals, got his sax man behind him, maybe a piano, harmonica, drums- TY
74) 0) text: Slick sits on a tomb, drinking wine, MOONLIGHT spilling o Bertha Mae's fresh-dug GRAVE. He listens to the MUSIC in far distance-
74) 1) dialog: Sound like the music movin on again, darlin. The way it always do. He listens for another moment, sighs-
74) 2) dialog: Time to make room for whoever comin next.