11) 2) text: Lucky the high-sheriff aint here to see you crawl outta that boxcar. SONNY
11) 4) text: Only when he's bored. Sonny reaches Shack at the platform- SONNY
11) 6) text: Kansas City to New Orleans. SONNY
11) 8) text: I growed up here. Still got people. How bout you? SONNY
11) 10) text: (points) Switchman's shed, right over there, has got a cot. Don't mind the rats none, less you got food on you- and I can see you and a good meal has been strangers for some time. Sonny looks at the shed, unenthusiastic- SHACK THOMAS
11) 13) dialog: Thanks. Hey, what's the name of this town? Shack points to the SIGN hanging down from the lip of the platform roof-
11) 16) dialog: Name like that, must be a good place for musicians.
14) 1) text: Sonny stands on the tracks just as the SUN RISES, ponderi which side of the tracks is for white people, which for t colored. He hears GUITAR MUSIC to one side, steps cautiously towar
15) 0) text: Sonny wanders down the street lugging his sack and case, moving toward the sound of a SLIDE GUITAR being played expertly- An irate-looking WHITE LADY glares at Sonny as she picks the milk bottles from her stoop, steps inside and slams t door. Sonny moves ahead, uneasy- We TIGHTEN on his face as he stops to listen, the MUSIC ECHOING, seeming to come from here, then from there, then suddenly from right behind him- He turns- POSSUM, blind, with his chair tilted back against the not open GENERAL STORE, PLAYS expertly on a beat-up old GUITA Sonny lays his case down to listen for a moment, watching man's fingers- Possum gets a whiff of him.     He keeps playing as he sp
15) 2) dialog: Yall can play that thing.
15) 6) text: The wrong side for you. SONNY
15) 8) text: White folks look right through me. How much mischief an old blind spook like me gonna get up to anyhow? Sonny surveys the street- SONNY
15) 10) text: There's a couple places just a little bit out of town. At the crossroads. SONNY
15) 12) text: You in a hurry? Possum finishes his song- SONNY
15) 14) text: (smiles) Second one that ever was- an the devil's got the first. How bout yours? Possum gently nudges Sonny's case with his toe.   Sonny i surprised at the blind man's perception- SONNY
15) 18) dialog: That's right. So these clubs-
15) 20) dialog: That don't make sense. Possum scratches his head-
15) 22) dialog: He killed somebody?
17) 24) text: You got to admit it, though- woman is an artist with that Singer machine. SONNY (O.S.)
17) 25) text: Scuse me? They turn to see Sonny standing in the doorway- SONNY
17) 26) text: Which one of you is Mr. Pinetop? Ty's eyes fix on Sonny's face for a moment- something familiar there- then go down to the guitar case at his fe TY
17) 27) text: We aint hirin. SONNY
17) 29) text: Already got me a professional. Sonny looks a little shaky- SONNY
17) 31) text: That so surprising? SONNY
17) 36) text: When's the last time you ate solid food, young man? Sonny has to think- TY
17) 37) text: (to China Doll) Take him back and fix him somethin, China Doll. Standin there all hungry-eyed, puts me off my breakfast. SONNY
17) 38) text: That's real kind of you- Sonny pulls his hat off as he follows China Doll, who is suddenly quiet and self-conscious, back to the kitchen- MACEO
19) 0) text: A little kitchen built onto the back of the bar. Sonny si wolfing down eggs and toast as China Doll watches him fro the stove-
19) 1) dialog: Arkansas.    How bout you?
19) 3) dialog: Not much happenin, little town like this.
19) 5) dialog: That right?
19) 7) dialog: Uh-huh.
19) 9) dialog: Fixed radios.
19) 11) dialog: Might be, might not.    I was to Japan.
19) 13) text: Yeah? What's the people like there? SONNY
19) 15) text: Yeah? SONNY
19) 17) text: You been to California? SONNY
19) 19) text: Where they make the movies. SONNY
19) 21) text: I been once. He sits back and looks her over- SONNY
19) 23) text: I'm going to em. First I'm going to beauty school when Mama saves up the money and then I have a portable skill- SONNY
29) 0) text: Sonny walking along. He has left his guitar and sack back the club. He slows, seeing-
29) 2) dialog: He decides to brave it, walks ahead with his eyes fixed straight ahead. We he gets even with the car we see Sheri Pugh sitting in the driver's seat, watching him-
29) 4) dialog: Naw, sir.
29) 7) dialog: Lookin for work.
29) 9) dialog: Naw, sir.
29) 12) dialog: But I'm lookin-
30) 6) dialog: I don't get any trial?
34) 0) text: Blazing hot.    Cotton chaff in the air as the prison WOR bend to their   task, dragging long sacks behind them lik snakes. Even    the DEPUTIES are sweating rivulets as the stand by with   their SHOTGUNS in hand. Sonny is way behind the others, not dressed for the work, wincing as he pricks his fingers for the umpteenth time. NED, a little prisoner picking his way back in the opposi direction in a parallel row, takes pity on him-
34) 4) text: You want to set your pins out wide, bend over from the hip- Sonny widens his stance- NED
34) 5) text: -and don't be bobbin up and down all the time. When you up, be up, but when you on the row, stay down. Sonny digs in and keeps low- NED
34) 6) text: But most important, you got to get you a rhythm. Everything in this life got a rhythm to it- even pullin cotton off the plant. SONNY
34) 8) text: Not my rhythm- your rhythm. That's between you and the day and the work you got before you. Once you on it, don't let nothin and nobody push you off it. SONNY
34) 10) text: You gettin paid by the pound or by the hour? SONNY
39) 11) text: Or one just like it. Sonny begins to SING softly, almost to himself- SONNY
39) 13) text: Let the Midnight Special Shine its light on me Oh let the Midnight Special Shine its ever-lovin light on me- Sonny turns to face them- NED
39) 16) dialog: Singer, guitar player- Imonna be on the radio some day. People gonna know my name.
39) 18) dialog: If you ever go to Houston Don't you stagger don't you fight Cause the Sheriff will arrest you You're in the cooler for the night-
49) 28) text: (angry) I aint kissin up to no cokey-nose, conk-headed- WHAP! He kicks Sonny's guitar case, left sticking out und a table, and sends it spinning across the floor till it CRASHES into the bar and flips open. Ty and Maceo stare a the contents- TY
49) 35) text: Sonny. The high Sheriff arrested him and sold him over to Judge Gatlin. TY
49) 36) text: Who's Sonny? CHINA DOLL
49) 37) text: Sonny that was here yesterday morning. TY
49) 38) text: Sonny that got a screw loose is why they arrested him. Maceo, make a noise on that- Maceo plucks a string.    Not much of a sound- MACEO
49) 41) text: Naw, man, it don't work unless it's hooked up to the juice, see? You got the juice, you don't need the hollow inside the box, the music just runs straight from the strings through this wire and comes out- He dumps the sack Sonny brought out and outs falls a mass tubes and wires, also home-modified- MACEO
49) 43) text: Sonny said he fix radios in the Army.
49) 45) text: Sonny didn't do nothin but feed bedbugs in anybody's Army, and some of em crawled in his head. Surprised if that boy got the wit to pick cotton. Judge Gatlin bought himself a droolin idiot. What you want to amplify a damn guitar for anyway? CHINA DOLL
49) 51) text: Daddy, Sonny didn't do nothin to be arrested for! He was just lookin for work. MACEO
50) 7) text: Name is Sonny- SHERIFF PUGH
51) 5) dialog: You payin my way out?
51) 7) dialog: How come? They get INTO THE CAR-
51) 9) dialog: No.
52) 0) text: MUSIC plays on the RADIO as Nadine masterfully works her SEWING MACHINE and Maceo stands by uneasily. He holds up denim jacket Sonny left at the club-
53) 0) text: Ty and China Doll stand looking at Sonny as he sits on a stool-
53) 3) dialog: And what exactly I'm supposed to do?
53) 5) dialog: Hell, I do that with my eyes closed.
53) 11) text: Bye, Daddy. China Doll is a little nervous to be left alone with Sonn She puts her comb in her hand and walks around Sonny, examining his hair while he examines her face- SONNY
53) 13) text: I fix Mama's hair all the time. SONNY
53) 15) text: You go to school to learn your guitar? SONNY
53) 17) text: I might pick up some new things at beauty school but mostly it's for my certificate, and that is `a ticket to adventure'- that's what it says in the brochure. People lookin for beauty all over the world. Sonny sees the LOOSE WIRES that come through the wall beh the bar. China Doll searches around- SONNY
53) 20) text: (shrugs) Yeah- power's always going out, people getting shocks and whatnot- SONNY
53) 22) text: `A career in beauty is like money in the bank.' Says that in the brochure too. Plus it isn't physically taxin. SONNY
53) 24) text: I had the rheumatic fever when I was little, left me with a weak heart. SONNY
53) 25) text: Oh. Mine been actin funny too- since I laid eyes on you. She acknowledges his flirting with a little smile and com up with a MASON JAR full of clear LIQUID- SONNY
53) 27) text: Just some ole moonshine they keep around. China Doll crosses back to Sonny- SONNY
56) 1) dialog: Mr. Purvis?
56) 3) dialog: I just wanted to tell you- I preciate the opportunity. Ty looks up to see Sonny with his hair pressed under a ti cap made from an old STOCKING-
56) 5) dialog: I know ever one of Guitar Sam's songs- know the chords, know the words-
56) 7) dialog: China Doll said how you was famous once. Ty is pleased at his step-daughter's bragging, but doesn' show it-
56) 9) dialog: How'd you get your start? Ty sighs, sits back from his work-
56) 11) text: Down in Mobile there was an old cathouse professor name of Joe Dudlow, had had a stroke on one side, curled him all up- but he kept on pluggin. I used to come out and play his left hand for him. SONNY
56) 13) text: (shrugs) Thirteen, fourteen. This one night it was goin hot and heavy and Joe just passed, right there at the piano, in the middle of Black Bottom Stomp. They propped him up at the bar, stuck a drink in his hand, and told me to keep poundin them ivories. (shakes his head) There was a meanness hanging over them juke joints, there was murder in the air. You stopped playin for a minute, it come down like a flock of crows. Sonny stops by a poster for the `REGINALD ERSKINE BAND featuring Tyrone "Pinetop" Purvis'- SONNY
56) 15) text: Big band days, on the road. If a railroad train run through it, we played it. SONNY
56) 17) text: Big tall light-skin fella out of Carolina, said he's part Cherokee. Couldn't play nothin, but he waved his little stick and had this long greasy hair he throw around like Cab Calloway. SONNY
56) 21) dialog: That must of been somethin, see the country first class.
56) 23) dialog: How come you stopped?
56) 26) dialog: Well you don't have nothing to worry about, Mr. Pinetop. I won't let you down tonight. Ty looks at Sonny, considers telling him what the plan is
68) 0) text: China Doll fusses with Sonny's hair after he hangs his guitar, dangling with electrical hookups, over his head-
68) 13) text: You go on, now. China Doll exits and Ty looks back to Sonny- TY
68) 16) dialog: I forget to tell you- I fixed your hook-up.
68) 18) dialog: Where the electricity comes in?    It was all-
69) 22) text: (pointing) Might want to wait over there, Sheriff. Don't want to scare off the customers- A CHEER from the crowd.    Sonny has wandered uncertainly onto the stage! TY
69) 23) text: Oh Lord- Ty runs up to his microphone, shoots a look to the bar- Maceo is pouring a scotch with one hand, the other wrappe around the wires coming out of the wall. He nods to Ty- Sonny starts to hook his guitar up with a thick COIL OF W then into the dented AMP sitting on a wooden chair beside and pointed out at the crowd. Metalmouth Sims looks on uncomfortably. Ty puts on his biggest grin, easing behind the keyboard- TY
69) 29) text: -Guitar Sam!!!! A TERRIBLE SQUAWK emits from the amp as Sonny makes the connection- Sheriff Pugh cover his ears- The girls from the store cover their ears, making pained faces- Sonny pulls his guitar away from the amp and the SQUAWK settles to a FUZZY BUZZ. Sonny frowns at the amp- SONNY
69) 30) text: Sorry, folks- must of got kicked on the train. The audience is stone-faced.   Could this really be the m Young Henry steps up and sits behind the DRUM KIT, pullin sticks from inside his shirt- Ty closes his eyes, begins to shake his head in defeat- China Doll looks worried, collecting another cover charge the door- Delilah steps out from the kitchen and looks to the stage worried- Sonny holds his arms out wide, shifting his body to get t BUZZ under control- Dex leans to talk in Junebug's ear- DEX
69) 34) text: Gonna hold may baby as tight as I can Tonight she'll know I'm a mighty man! Have you heard the news? There's good rockin tonight! Sonny looks over to Ty, who catches himself and begins to play along. Young Henry is impassive as he plays a fast shuffle on the skins- Ty looks over to Maceo, half-climbing the wall as he trie pull the wires out. Maceo sees Ty, who waves him off- SONNY
69) 36) text: Thank you, Jesus. Time Trenier has his case open now, the gleaming instrume in one hand, squinting at the mouthpiece as he holds it u the light with the other- SONNY
69) 37) text: Meet me at midnight behind the barn Don't you worry I'll do you no harm The crowd is already CLAPPING and STOMPING in time with t song. Henry starts to hit the two and the four beat hard keep time- SONNY
70) 0) text: Ham and a few other pickers stand outside Toussaint's, be in hand, staring across toward the Honeydripper as Sonny steps out PLAYING with a CROWD behind him-
71) 6) text: I heard the news- There's good rockin tonight! Sonny finishes with a squawking chord and the joint goes
71) 8) text: Alla you men grab hold of a woman! You can't find a woman, just grab hold of yourselves- we gonna play this one slow and tight. Sonny goes into the intro for Louis Jordan's Blue Light Boogie. Time lays down a steady rock beat with his sax an Ty joins in at the piano- SONNY
71) 9) text: They   did   the boogie real   slow With   the   blue lights way   down low They   did   the boogie real   slow With   the   blue lights way   down low Ty joins him- SONNY AND TY
71) 22) text: You maybe know this already, but that aint no Guitar Sam. He steps away just as the song ends to APPLAUSE, Ty takin deep sigh of relief. Sonny steps up to the microphone to introduce the next song- TOUSSAINT (O.S.)
71) 23) text: You is a lie! A shocked silence. The audience makes way for Old Man Toussaint to come tottering up to the foot of the stage. He points a bony finger at Sonny- TOUSSAINT
71) 24) text: You is a lie, boy! I known Sammy since he's drinkin mama's milk, hell, I known his Mama herself when she live up to Plaquemine- and you aint him! The audience looks to Sonny for his defense- Ty holds his breath.   Maceo brings the baseball bat up f behind the bar. Sonny just smiles- SONNY
71) 27) text: Get on outa there and let the man play! A CHORUS of CRIES to the same effect, and Sonny crosses b to his microphone- SONNY
71) 30) text: Oh China Doll Can't get you offa my mind! Oh China Doll I can't get you offa my mind! If you be my baby Gonna leave all them others behind! The front row is all girls goggling at Sonny, instant groupies- but we RACK to China Doll, transfixed, as she i drawn toward the stage- SONNY
73) 15) dialog: Oh China Doll Got to let you into my heart! Oh China Doll Got to let you into my heart! I surrender darlin I loved you from the very start! Ty rushes to the piano, joins in jamming with the other players-