11) 10) text: (points) Switchman's shed, right over there, has got a cot. Don't mind the rats none, less you got food on you- and I can see you and a good meal has been strangers for some time. Sonny looks at the shed, unenthusiastic- SHACK THOMAS
13) 8) text: Got in a piece of trouble up there with the white folks, need to bide my time for a spell. JUNEBUG, a local man with a nervous air, jumps in- JUNEBUG
13) 9) text: You bide any time in these fields, bossman gonna fire your ass for takin up space. DEX
17) 36) text: When's the last time you ate solid food, young man? Sonny has to think- TY
17) 68) text: In the meantime, we not open yet. Which means yall are trespassin. Cool Breeze grins, still locking eyeballs with Ty- COOL BREEZE
22) 13) text: It's time to move on from that kind of thinkin. Ty starts in through the back entrance of the store-
33) 0) text: Ty sits staring, mind working overtime, staring at the de woman on the bed. He barely hears Slick talking to the undertaker behind him, busy filling out forms-
34) 0) text: Blazing hot.    Cotton chaff in the air as the prison WOR bend to their   task, dragging long sacks behind them lik snakes. Even    the DEPUTIES are sweating rivulets as the stand by with   their SHOTGUNS in hand. Sonny is way behind the others, not dressed for the work, wincing as he pricks his fingers for the umpteenth time. NED, a little prisoner picking his way back in the opposi direction in a parallel row, takes pity on him-
34) 5) text: -and don't be bobbin up and down all the time. When you up, be up, but when you on the row, stay down. Sonny digs in and keeps low- NED
35) 10) text: That's kind of steep- Dex laughs and starts to deal a card at a time to the pla DEX
37) 13) text: You know anytime you want I could get Miss Amanda to ask her husb- TY
38) 6) text: REVEREND CUTLIP watches his singers, clapping out time wi his big hands-
49) 15) text: The piano was just sittin there in the white folks' big room, all polished up-- and I figure this one boy, he goes past fifteen, twenty times a day, running the corner of his eye over it. And he's there when they play, the masters, doin all their minuets and whatever- Ty PLAYS something like a MINUET- TY
49) 50) text: Old time music- CHINA DOLL
49) 58) text: I think I fixed it good this time, Ty. Ty smiles- TY
50) 13) text: Well, I was counting on more of a one-time deal- if I could just rent him out for the weekend- SHERIFF PUGH
53) 13) text: I fix Mama's hair all the time. SONNY
54) 0) text: TIME TRENIER, an older musician with a permanently stoic expression, sits watching his pupil, a YOUNG BOY, torture SCALES with a CORNET. He glances up at Ty and Maceo, tryi not to plug their ears as the boy continues to PLAY-
54) 3) dialog: Played with most all of em down there.
54) 5) dialog: One band falls apart you find yourself another one. Never any shortage of bands, down New Awlins.
54) 7) dialog: Pays the rent.   Almost.
54) 9) dialog: Your place?
54) 13) text: Got to dress sharp. No need to say this to Time Trenier.       You could cut on the creases on his pants- MACEO
54) 14) text: It aint like a all-night thing- you just start out and there's gonna be a accident- Ty shoots Maceo a look- TIME
54) 16) text: Sudden loss of power.      Lights out. TIME
54) 18) text: Eight o'clock. This aint colored people time and it sure aint New Awlins time. I mean eight o'clock on the money. TIME
54) 21) text: You know any drummers? TIME
54) 23) text: Nothin fancy, he just got to keep time- TIME
54) 24) text: Time is my name. Ty and Maceo wince as the kid hits a particularly SOUR NO
66) 0) text: Maybe fifty people are in the club already, mostly LOCALS HARVEST HANDS, with more arriving all the time- Ty stands watching the crowd, tense, not at all confident that any of his scheme is going to work- A group of twenty of the black SOLDIERS from the base ste Maceo comes over and lays a hand on his shoulder-
68) 11) text: You know there aint a thing in this world I wouldn't do for you. Even if I mess up sometimes, you know that, right? China Doll looks at him, not sure what brought this on, b pleased to hear it. The CALLS for Guitar Sam grow LOUDER from the floor- CHINA DOLL
69) 16) text: They both take the same time to fix up, I just got to know which. Ty and Delilah exchange a long look-
69) 36) text: Thank you, Jesus. Time Trenier has his case open now, the gleaming instrume in one hand, squinting at the mouthpiece as he holds it u the light with the other- SONNY
69) 37) text: Meet me at midnight behind the barn Don't you worry I'll do you no harm The crowd is already CLAPPING and STOMPING in time with t song. Henry starts to hit the two and the four beat hard keep time- SONNY
71) 0) text: Time and Metalmouth SING into the same microphone as Sonn plays his way back up to the stage-
71) 1) dialog: Have you heard the news? There's good rockin tonight- Have you heard the news? There's good rockin tonight- We FOLLOW as Maceo hustles back and forth, trying to keep with orders for ribs, bring cold beers out from the icebo etc. He suddenly stops in his tracks- Nadine stands before him, looking fatally sexy in a SATIN DRESS she no doubt made herself.
71) 8) text: Alla you men grab hold of a woman! You can't find a woman, just grab hold of yourselves- we gonna play this one slow and tight. Sonny goes into the intro for Louis Jordan's Blue Light Boogie. Time lays down a steady rock beat with his sax an Ty joins in at the piano- SONNY
71) 31) text: Oh China Doll Think about you day and night! Oh China Doll I think about you day and night! Can't forget you baby Oh when you gonna treat me right? Time Trenier steps in for a growling SAX BREAK-
73) 0) text: 75 -which becomes Time BLOWING HIS SAX into the microphone- -and Dex reaches for his pistol- -and Ham reaches for his knife, but- -a huge, strong hand clamps down on Dex's wrist- -and another huge hand grabs Ham's wrist! Ty is there, clamping onto them with a grip of iron.