4) 0) text: Close-up of a TV screen showing Alvy as an adult on a tal to the show, host, Dick Cavett, a Navy man sits on his ri throughout the dialogue.
6) 0) text: A pretty Manhattan street with sidewalk trees, brownstone mill about, some strolling and carrying bundles, others b shows the whole length of the sidewalk, a street, and par beyond.  As the following scene ensues, two pedestrians, the distance, come closer and closer toward the camera, r as Alvy and his best friend, Rob, deep in conversation. past the camera and off screen.  Traffic noise is heard i
7) 0) text: Alvy stands in front of glass doors of theater, the ticke just inside the glass doors.  The sounds of city traffic, can be heard while he looks around waiting for, Annie. A jacket, walking past the theater, stops in front of, Alvy then moves away.  He stops a few steps farther and turns again.  Alvy looks away, then back at the man.  The man c Alvy scratches his head, looking for Annie and trying not The man, still staring, walks back to Alvy.
7) 1) dialog: Hey, you on television?
7) 4) dialog: What's your name?
7) 7) dialog: You were on ... uh, the ... uh, the Johnny  Carson, right?  
7) 9) dialog: What's your name? Alvy  is getting more and more uneasy as the man talks; m move through the doors of the theater.
7) 12) dialog: (Laughing) 
7) 15) dialog: Hey!
7) 16) dialog: (Off screen) 
7) 18) dialog: This is Alvy Singer!
7) 20) dialog: (Overlapping, ignoring Alvy) 
7) 24) dialog: (Still ignoring Alvy's protestations) 
7) 27) dialog: (Moving into the screen) 
7) 29) dialog: This guy, on the Johnny Carson show.
7) 32) dialog: (Also ignoring Alvy) 
7) 34) dialog: (Holding out a matchbook) 
7) 37) dialog: (Overlapping, Alvy's  speech) 
7) 41) dialog: It's for my brudder.  (To passersby) 
7) 43) dialog: (To Alvy, overlapping 1st man's speech) 
7) 44) text: You really Alvy Singer, the ... the  TV star? Nodding his head yes, Alvy shoves 2nd man aside and moves sidewalk.  The two men follow, still talking over the tra
7) 45) dialog: -Singer!
7) 46) dialog: Alvy Singer over here! A cab moves into the frame and stops by the curb.  Alvy m to get in.
7) 84) dialog: (Loudly to his companion right  behind Alvy and Annie) 
7) 85) text: We saw the Fellini film last Tuesday.   It is not one of his best.  It lacks a  cohesive structure.  You know, you get  the feeling that he's not absolutely sure  what it is he wants to say.  'Course, I've  always felt he was essentially a-a technical  film maker.  Granted, La Strada was a great  film.  Great in its use of negative energy  more than anything else.  But that simple  cohesive core ...  Alvy, reacting to the man's loud monologue, starts to get begins to read her newspaper.
7) 90) dialog: (Overlapping Alvy and Annie) 
7) 94) dialog: Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or  Satyricon, I found it incredibly ...  indulgent.  You know, he really is.  He's  one of the most indulgent film makers.  He  really is-
7) 97) dialog: (Overlapping) 
7) 108) dialog: - It's like Samuel Beckett, you know- I admire the technique but he doesn't ...  he doesn't hit me on a gut level.
7) 110) text: I'd like to hit this guy on a gut level. The man in line continues his speech all the while Alvy a
7) 114) dialog: And then, the most important thing of all  is a comedian's vision.
7) 116) dialog: (Lighting a cigarette while he talks) 
7) 120) dialog: (Still going on) 
7) 128) dialog: (Even louder now) 
7) 131) text: What I wouldn't give for a large sock o'  horse manure.
7) 132) dialog: ... as opposed to a print ... Alvy steps forward, waving his hands in frustration, and camera.
7) 134) text: What do you do when you get stuck in a movie  line with a guy like this behind you?  I mean,  it's just maddening! The man in line moves toward Alvy.  Both address the audi
7) 135) dialog: Wait a minute, why can't I give my opinion?   It's a free country!
7) 137) dialog: (Overlapping) 
7) 140) dialog: Yes.
7) 142) dialog: Oh.
7) 152) text: June fourteenth, nineteen forty, the  German army occupies Paris.  All over  the country, people are desperate for  every available scrap of news.
9) 2) text: Ma'am, you're on right after this man ...  about twenty minutes, something like that.
10) 44) text: Am I your first big romance?
11) 9) text: Is that Paul Goodman?  No. And be nice  to the host because he's publishing my  book.  Hi, Doug!  Douglas Wyatt.   "A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of-the-Heart." They move through the rooms, Robin holding a drink in one in Alvy's; the crowd mills around them.
22) 0) text: It's a beautiful sunny day in Central Park.  People are s others strolling, some walking dogs.  One woman stands fe Alvy's and Annie's voices are heard off screen as they ob them.  An older man and woman walk into view.
22) 20) text: And there's the winner of the Truman  Capote look-alike contest.
26) 11) text: Yeah, grass, right?  The illusion that  it will make a white woman more like  Billie Holiday.
28) 2) text: W-where am I? I-I keep ... I have to  reorient myself.  This is the University  of Wisconsin, right?  So I'm always ...  I'm tense and ... uh, when I'm playin' a  col- I've a very bad history with colleges.   You know, I went to New York University and,  uh, tsch, I was thrown out of NYU my freshman  year ... for cheating on my metaphysics final.   You know, I looked within the soul of the  boy sitting next to me-  (The audience laughs; they're with him)
28) 3) text: -and when I was thrown out, my mother,  who's an emotionally high-strung woman,  locked herself in the bathroom and took an  overdose of mah-jongg tiles.  (More applause and laughter) 
32) 7) text: really weird.  But she's a very nice woman.
33) 13) text: I mean, I can't believe this.  Somewhere  she cooled off to me!  (He walks up to an older woman  walking down the street carrying  groceries) 
33) 17) text: Love fades.  God, that's a depressing thought. Have to ask you a question.  (He stops another passer-by,a man) 
33) 19) dialog: We use a large vibrating egg. He walks on.
33) 27) dialog: And I'm exactly the same way.
33) 29) dialog: Right.
33) 45) text: see the Maharishi than there were to see  the Dylan concert.  I covered the Dylan  concert ... which gave me chills.   Especially when he sang "She takes just  like a woman And she makes love just  like a woman Yes, she does And she aches  just like a woman But she breaks just  like a little girl."  (They move toward the aisles as  a guard holds up his hands to stop  them) 
33) 48) text: Man, that's great.  That's just great.
38) 114) text: Sometimes I think-sometimes I think I  should just live with a woman.
39) 29) dialog: (Interrupting) 
39) 32) text: Sure, sure, I'll be glad to. I-I'll just  put it in a-a-a h-h-hollow heel that I  have in my boot, you know.  (Alvy picks up the small open  gold case of cocaine base the man  placed on the coffee table and looks at it, reacting) 
39) 34) dialog: It's about two thousand dollars an ounce.
39) 37) text: Because I never ... He puts his finger into the drug, smells it and then snee blows all over the room as the man, woman and Annie react
39) 89) text: Is there booing on there? The monitors show a woman on the screen.
41) 1) dialog: Well, you take a meeting with him, I'll  take a meeting with you if you'll take  a meeting with Freddy.
41) 2) dialog: I took a meeting with Freddy.  Freddy  took a meeting with Charlie.  You take  a meeting with him.
41) 3) dialog: All the good meetings are taken.
41) 5) text: A man stands talking, people in groups behind him.  Two b attached to his shoulders; he's wearing a bizarre space c
41) 6) dialog: Right now it's only a notion, but I  think I can get money to make it into  a concept ... and later turn it into  an idea.
41) 26) text: How do you like this couple, Max? A couple moves over toward Rob and Alvy.  The man's arm i they stand very close.  In the background, Annie and Tony
41) 29) text: My God-hey, Max, I think she's ... I  think she's giving me the eye.  As Rob and Alvy observe the guests, the woman in white st them.
41) 61) dialog: Not only is he a great agent, but he  really gives good meetings.
41) 62) dialog: M'mm. Tony, band in band with the girl in white, is leaving the and Annie to show them the rest of the house.
41) 86) dialog: (Looking over his shoulder at  the group) 
41) 87) text: That's a great film if you're high.  (The group laughs, looking down  at the man on the sofa. He looks  up at them, smiling, a joint in  his hand, and offers them a cigarette) 
41) 98) dialog: Yeah, yeah.  I forgot my mantra. As they come down stairs the party is still in big gear. now; conversations are more animated, some talk quietly i corners, some couples are dancing.  Alvy stands alone sip huge Christmas tree.  A tall woman, passing by, shakes hi He continues to sip his drink, alone, watching Tony and A the room dancing. The screen shows a plane in flight, Los Angeles far below
44) 2) text: I miss Annie.  I made a terrible  mistake. A couple, walking down the street, stops as the man talks
44) 3) dialog: She's living in Los Angeles with  Tony Lacey.
44) 5) dialog: He graduated Harvard.
44) 7) text: mistakes too, you know.  Kissinger  taught there.   The couple strolls away as an older woman walks up to Alv
44) 18) text: They're only lobsters.  Look, you're a  grown man, you know how to pick up a  lobster.
49) 15) text: Tsch, whatta you want?  It was my first  play.  You know, you know how you're  always tryin' t' get things to come out  perfect in art because, uh, it's real  difficult in life.  Interestingly, however,  I did run into Annie again.  It was on the  Upper West Side of Manhattan. Annie, singing "Seems Like Old Times, " overlaps Alvy's s over the next scene, where Alvy, standing in front of a M shakes hands with Annie and her escort.  The theater marq
49) 19) text: And when I met her she was, of all things,  dragging him in to see "The Sorrow and the  Pity."  Which I counted as a personal  triumph.  Annie and I ...  (Alvy's voice continues over the  scene shot through a window of  Manhattan cafe showing Alvy and  Annie sitting at a table, laughing  and enjoying themselves) 
49) 20) text: ... we had lunch sometime after that, and,  uh, just, uh, kicked around old times. A series of flashbacks following in quick succession whil sing: Annie and Alvy going up the FDR Drive, the day they met p driving, Alvy bolding up partially eaten sandwich. Annie and Alvy in the Hamptons house kitchen, Annie bandi Alvy, who drops it in the pot on the stove. Annie and Alvy walking side by side by the shoreline. Alvy at the tennis club, packing his bag, as he looks ove sees Annie, hands on her face, then clapping, as she offe in her car. Annie opening the door to Alvy the night he came over to and, Alvy in the bookstore buying the "Death" titles; Ann their Hamptons house, Annie reading a school catalogue, t in the red light. The memories continue to flash on the screen: Annie and A house, Alvy blowing the cocaine all over the sofa; Annie tennis; Annie and Alvy having a picture taken backstage a performance in Annie's hometown; Alvy bolding Annie close over to kill the spider. And continue: Annie carrying her luggage and clothes into following, the day she first moved into his apartment.  A sexy birthday present from Alvy, then leaning over and ki Alvy walking down a city street, holding each other close bench, observing the people; and kissing, on the FDR Driv skyline behind them. The music stops. Returning to the present, the camera, focusing through th Annie and Alvy across street.  They look about at the cit over; it's time. Alvy and Annie shake hands and kiss each other friendly l the street, Alvy watching her go.  Then he turns, and slo street off screen.  His voice is heard over the scene: