56) 4) dialog: You hear me bitch? Tell me another lie. Ellis rushes Carver with his shoulder as if he were break down a door. Carver is knocked off balance. He trips over the edge of the bed and crashes into the motel room wall. Carver, slightly stunned, gets to his feet and in two bro steps lands a man-sized punch across Ellis' face. It's ha Ellis melts. He grabs the boy up by the scruff of his shi
56) 5) dialog: Who are you!? Who the hell are you!? Did he send you!? Carver removes a piece of paper from his pocket. It's a photo copied picture of Mud, different than the State Trooper's. Carver crams the photo in the boy's face.
56) 6) dialog: You know this man!? Look at him! Do you know him!? Blood trickles from a cut under Ellis' eye. He stutters under the shaking force of Carver's hands.
56) 13) dialog: I know you know where he is. And I swear to God I'll cut through every one a you to find him. She flinches. Standing, Carver folds up his knife.
56) 14) dialog: We know you came here for him, and we know he's too stupid to leave you behind. So when he pops his head out of whatever shithole he's staying in, I'll be there. You tell him that. Carver turns, stepping over Ellis on his way out.
56) 15) dialog: And you need to mind your business boy. Neckbone moves from the doorway to let him pass. Carver i gone. Neckbone shuts the door and fastens the security latch. He kneels down to check on his friend.
73) 4) dialog: Daddy this is Miller. He's one of ours. 77.
73) 9) dialog: We'll be in in a minute. Miller nods and enters the motel room. King turns to Carv
73) 11) dialog: They work in shifts. Two outside her motel, the others either out searching or sleepin' here. I met with the county sheriff but he wasn't much help. Said they'd handle their own business, but I got two of their people on payroll and a person on the inside at the state police.
73) 13) dialog: All but two now. Nelson and James are watchin' her place. I called the rest in.
74) 0) text: Carver holds the door open as King steps inside. A door t his left connects another room which is empty. An episode of the Smurfs plays on the television. There's MAN on each of the queen beds. Another THREE playing card at a small table by the window. MILLER stands in the corn smoking. Empty Budweiser cans litter the room. King, unimpressed by the scene, looks at his son. Carver quickly moves in front of the television and turns it off He stares down the men on the beds. 78.
74) 2) dialog: Get up. (to the others) Ya'll pay attention. The men get up from the beds and the others put down thei cards. Everyone slowly gathers into an audience.
74) 3) dialog: This is my father, King. He runs the show. Carver recedes as King steps forward. He speaks like a hi school football coach.
79) 0) text: The supermarket is busy. Ellis stands at a pay phone out front as Neckbone kicks a vending machine nearby. Ellis looks at Juniper's motel. He scans the Piggly Wiggl parking lot and spots Carver's black Lincoln. Ellis picks the phone and deposits some change. He dials.
80) 10) dialog: You remember me don't you? Ellis nods. Carver notes the healing bruise on Ellis' fac
80) 11) dialog: I'm sure sorry about that. Ya'll caught me at a real bad time. 83.
80) 13) dialog: Hold on now. One second. I don't want ya'll thinkin' I'm a bad guy. Ya'll were just trying to do a job, and I got in your way. Carver removes a roll of twenties and peels off two.
80) 14) dialog: Let's just say I bought that whole batch of fish ya'll were sellin'. Would forty cover it?
80) 17) dialog: I bet ya'll really get around this town. Probably know every hole and ditch. Have ya'll come across the man whose picture I showed you?
80) 19) dialog: You sure about that? Take a look with your good eye.
80) 21) dialog: What about that girl in the motel? The pretty one. Ya'll talk to her some more?
80) 23) dialog: There's a number on there. Ya'll let me know if you do. 84.
83) 0) text: The digital wristwatch changes from "4:59" to "5:00". Neckbone sits on his bike parked near the vending machine the Piggly Wiggly. Ellis, on the payphone, scans the park lot. No sign of Carver's Lincoln. No other Bounty Hunters
129) 7) dialog: Let him go. James unhands the boy. Neckbone sprints into the woods.
129) 8) dialog: Come on. They move toward the houseboat.
131) 0) text: Carver steps across the plank onto the houseboat followed James. Carver motions him around back toward Ellis' windo
131) 1) dialog: Flush him out this way. Carver walks to the covered carport.
133) 0) text: Tom scans Ellis' boat through the scope on his rifle. He sees Carver creeping around the carport. He pans right to find James taking a position near the patio doors. Tom pauses, seeing Ellis appear at the corner of the boat just behind James.