21) 25) dialog: Come on baby.
21) 28) dialog: That's uncalled for. He walks out to her. She heads for the Dodge Shadow. 19.
21) 30) dialog: 
23) 0) text: Galen watches as the Girl's Dodge Shadow pulls away. The boys step out of the trailer.
23) 5) dialog: 
30) 1) dialog: They look bright enough. The owner of the shop, an ELECTRICIAN(62), holds up a met bar with the lamps affixed by bolts at either end.
30) 4) dialog: So you really think these'll work under water?
31) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone sit on the tailgate of Galen's truck. Gary's Electric sign hangs behind them. Neckbone focuses on a carburetor in his hand. Ellis stare across the street at the Piggly Wiggly parking lot where roving GROUP of TEENAGERS have collected for the afternoo The Teenagers are up to their typical gossip and minor offenses. Ellis has zeroed in on May Pearl again.
33) 0) text: Ellis walks past the grocery aisles looking for the girl. spots her by the potato chips. He tucks behind a display stacked cans and watches. Juniper reaches for a bag of chips, birds tattooed on her hand. Ellis smiles. It's her, and she really is beautiful She turns down the aisle, coming right for him. He preten to peruse the canned food and notices that it's a big dis of Beanie Weenie. He grabs two handfuls as she passes. Ellis takes the cans to an open register. As a CASHIER sc and bags his items, he cranes his neck looking for her. She's disappeared into another section of the store. Ellis pays in crumpled cash. A horn HONKS. He sees Galen' truck idling out front. He grabs the bag and runs out.
60) 0) text: Galen drifts in his own boat out on the Mississippi River He stares at something in the distance.
60) 3) dialog: Shut up. After a moment, Galen cranks the motor and speeds away.
71) 0) text: A small air compressor chugs as Neckbone stands in the mi of Galen's boat pulling in the heavy rope. At the end, th net bulging with mussel shells appears. He manages to roll the heavy load into the boat before mo over to a crank handle that feeds another line. After several cranks, Galen's steel helmet breaches the surface. He places his hands on the edge of the boat as Neckbone removes the barbell weights. The weight removed, Neckbone takes off the helmet. Galen pulls himself into the boat, out of breath.
71) 1) dialog: This shit never gets easy.
71) 3) dialog: I've had worse. Galen reclines as Neckbone kills the air compressor and begins organizing the gear. He watches his little nephew.
71) 4) dialog: You doin' all right?
71) 6) dialog: You don't need to tell me anything?
71) 8) dialog: I know I'm just your uncle, not much of a parent. But you can tell me things if you need to. 75.
76) 2) dialog: What do you think? 79A.
76) 6) dialog: Come `ere Ellis. Ellis takes a seat on the other end of the couch. Galen p the spot next to him. Ellis scoots over, uncomfortable.
76) 7) dialog: 
76) 10) dialog: I found it in the river. Works great. Best ceiling fan I've ever owned. This river brings a lotta trash down it. Some a that trash is worth a lotta money, some of it's not. You gotta know what's worth keepin' and what's worth lettin' go. You know the difference?
76) 12) dialog: Neck looks up to you. Don't get my nephew into anything you can't get him out of. Galen forces a stare with Ellis, who nods. Neckbone enter as Galen begins to remove his light rig.
76) 13) dialog: Help Me Rhonda's just about a guy needing to get a piece to get over a girl that put one over on him. So you get your heart broke, don't walk around with a shit look on your face. Get back in there. Get your tip wet. You hear me?
76) 15) dialog: You know what I'm sayin'. 79B.
76) 17) dialog: Ya'll wanna hang out? Alan's comin' over. We're gonna pump it up.
76) 19) dialog: Whatever. The boys exit as Galen turns on the amp.
77) 0) text: Galen pumps it up inside as Neckbone and Ellis walk to th boat trailer. Neckbone pulls a handful of long zip ties f his back pocket.
137) 0) text: It's dark on the river. Moonlight barely shows the ripple in the slow moving current. MUSIC from a country station slips out across the surface of the water. Galen's jambox sits next to a small lantern in his flat- bottom boat. His Helper snores, fully reclined, with an empty can of Budweiser resting on his gut. His feet are propped next to a tiny bell rigged to a line that disappears into the water. The bell RINGS.