33) 0) text: Ellis walks past the grocery aisles looking for the girl. spots her by the potato chips. He tucks behind a display stacked cans and watches. Juniper reaches for a bag of chips, birds tattooed on her hand. Ellis smiles. It's her, and she really is beautiful She turns down the aisle, coming right for him. He preten to peruse the canned food and notices that it's a big dis of Beanie Weenie. He grabs two handfuls as she passes. Ellis takes the cans to an open register. As a CASHIER sc and bags his items, he cranes his neck looking for her. She's disappeared into another section of the store. Ellis pays in crumpled cash. A horn HONKS. He sees Galen' truck idling out front. He grabs the bag and runs out.
56) 20) dialog: Thank you. He stares back at her. He can't take his eyes off her. Sh holds the iced towel to his cheek. He doesn't even flinch
56) 21) dialog: I'm so sorry. Tears form and run down her cheeks.
56) 22) dialog: Here. She takes his hand and places it against the towel. She g to her feet and pulls a pocket book from a bag in the cor
56) 23) dialog: How much is your fish? I'll buy the cooler full. Ellis motions Neckbone to the cooler. Neckbone goes over crams his hand into the ice. He removes a Ziplock bag containing the note that Mud sent. Neckbone hands it to Ellis. Taking the note, he sets his down and walks over to Juniper.
56) 25) dialog: You've met Mud? Ellis nods. Neckbone speaks up from the back.
56) 27) dialog: He tells me to hold tight. 59.
56) 30) dialog: Well do you know how long `hold tight' is?
56) 32) dialog: God. Juniper shakes her head and goes to the sink. She pulls a lighter from her jeans pocket and torches Mud's note.
56) 33) dialog: Tell him I'll wait. Running water over the ashes, she turns back to them.
56) 34) dialog: But I don't want ya'll involved. Tell him what I said and make that it. I don't want you gettin' in any trouble.
56) 36) dialog: What do you call that? She motions to his swelling eye. Ellis shrugs.
56) 38) dialog: Wait. Ellis turns back.
56) 39) dialog: What's your name?
56) 42) dialog: Thank you Ellis. Ellis stares at her, infatuated.
57) 0) text: Ellis, his foot on the door, looks back at Juniper.
63) 0) text: He looks up at Juniper's motel room and sees her leaning the railing smoking a cigarette. She doesn't see him.
64) 0) text: He pauses, noticing a MAN to his left who ALSO stares up Juniper. The man, early thirties with a thick mustache, i JAMES. He leans against the grill of a black Lincoln. 67.
79) 0) text: The supermarket is busy. Ellis stands at a pay phone out front as Neckbone kicks a vending machine nearby. Ellis looks at Juniper's motel. He scans the Piggly Wiggl parking lot and spots Carver's black Lincoln. Ellis picks the phone and deposits some change. He dials.
79) 3) dialog: Hello?
79) 6) dialog: Ellis?
79) 8) dialog: Thank god. I've been goin' crazy in this room. Is Mud okay?
79) 10) dialog: Now?
79) 13) dialog: What's goin' on?
79) 15) dialog: They're watching my room.
79) 17) dialog: Wait. Just wait. I don't know about alla this. I don't even know what he thinks we're gonna do. Where are we even gonna go? This is Mud. This is what Mud does. Ellis hears her crying through the phone.
79) 19) dialog: Why are you even doing this?
79) 21) dialog: Why are you helping us?
79) 24) dialog: Wait. Dial Tone. Juniper holds the phone, worried. 82.
87) 0) text: The small bar is loud and crowded. Shoulder to shoulder PATRONS bump against one another as MUSIC blares. Neckbone and Ellis press through the crowd searching for Juniper. They are a good foot shorter than anyone else. Ellis notices a man at the bar. It's Miller, the bounty hunter from King's motel. He's staring at something acros the room. Ellis follows his line of sight. The crowd weaves in front of him, but then he sees her. Juniper leans against a pool table at the far end of the A GUY(32) whispers in her ear and kisses her neck. She throws her head back, laughing. Ellis watches in disbelie Nearby, the BARTENDER(46) fills a customer's shot glass. two underage kids catch his attention. 87.
99) 0) text: Ellis, at a slight crouch, keeps his eyes on the Piggly Wiggly parking lot. The green pick-up is nowhere in sight At Juniper's door, he knocks twice, softly. The door swin opens. Juniper stands there, holding a lit cigarette.
99) 1) dialog: I was wonderin' when I'd see you. Ellis checks over his shoulder and walks inside
100) 0) text: The bed is unmade and the room is a bit of a mess. Ellis keeps his head down. Juniper closes the door and takes a seat on the edge of the bed. She grabs the remote control and mutes the television.
100) 1) dialog: I'm sorry about last night. I didn't plan on... Before she can finish Ellis has fished the letter out of pocket and holds it out to her.
100) 3) dialog: Okay. Ellis goes to the door. He pulls the bedroom curtain back slightly to check the parking lot. The coast is clear.
100) 4) dialog: Did you read it?
100) 6) dialog: Ellis? He turns to her. 98.
100) 8) dialog: I'm sorry.
100) 10) dialog: I couldn't.
100) 12) dialog: I came here to leave with him. I really did. But now...now I guess I just came to say goodbye. His eyes fall to the floor.
100) 13) dialog: You don't know us Ellis. We've been headin' this way for a long time.
100) 15) dialog: You really believe that? Ellis nods. Juniper speaks to him gently, almost smiling. It's a look of resignation.
100) 16) dialog: Mud's a born liar. That's what makes him so likable. He makes people feel good about themselves. He's a romantic. I don't think he means to hurt people. But when people get close to him, that's what happens. Ellis watches her as she goes to the sink and wets the en a towel. She dabs her eyes at the mirror.
100) 17) dialog: I do love him Ellis. But I can't spend the rest of my life runnin' with him. I may not know what kind of life I want, but I know that's not it. Her back to him, Ellis watches as she unfolds the letter begins reading. He angles himself to see her face in the mirror. He watches her eyes scanning the words. No emotio 99.
100) 19) dialog: Tell him I understand.
100) 21) dialog: It says it's over. Tell him I've packed my things. Tell him I've gone. She takes a deep breath and smiles at him.
100) 22) dialog: Bye Ellis. Ellis turns and walks out.
101) 0) text: Ellis, dejected, no longer bothers to look over his shoul He walks to the staircase but stops there. Feeling the ne to say something more, he goes back to her room. He puts his knuckle flat on the door but hesitates. He le over and looks through the window. The sliver in the curtain gives him a glimpse. Juniper is curled up on the end of the bed. She is sobbing. Ellis watches longer than he should before pulling his he away from the window. Ellis heads back downstairs.
118) 0) text: The sun has been down for awhile. Juniper leans on the railing outside her room taking long drags from a cigaret She sees Miller's green pick-up parked below. Suddenly the headlights pop on and the truck pulls away. watches, curious, as it speeds out of sight. A train whistle blows in the distance but is overtaken by semi rumbling down the street. She watches the semi pass revealing the DAY/NITE Gas Station's parking lot. A130 MUD STANDS IN THE CORNER OF THE LOT. Half lit by a s lamp, he stares up at her. Juniper raises up. Even in the dim light she knows it's h She doesn't move. Mud holds up a hand, waves. Juniper slowly waves back. She tries to smile at him, but she's about to cry and it' hard to muster. Mud smiles. After a long moment, he turns his back and disappears in the shadows at the side of the gas station. Juniper watches after him.