1) 0) text: Ellis skirts alongside the exterior wall of his room on a foot-wide section of decking. He lives on a HOUSEBOAT anchored just off the bank of the Arkansas River. The "boat" is really the combination of a double wide trailer and a vinyl-sided shack fused togethe atop large flotilla. Ellis scurries to the mobile home section of the boat. He slips past a barbecue grill and settles underneath a ligh window. VOICES come from inside. Slowly, Ellis gets on his toes to peer through the window
20) 0) text: Ellis sits in the bed of the truck eating a chili dog. Senior is up front wolfing down a cheeseburger. A GROUP of TEENAGERS are gathered around a CLUSTER of par cars in the corner of the lot. They meander between the vehicles, smoking, gossiping, passing around a bottle of Boone's Farm. Ellis watches them. MAY PEARL(16) appears in the middle of the Group laughing with her GIRLFRIENDS. She's pretty and physically more mature looking than Ellis. He watches as a SKINNY KID takes his ballcap off and puts on May Pearl's head. She sniffs the cap, gags and tosses back at him. Her friends laugh.
22) 0) text: The trailer is decorated in the filth of a true bachelor Neckbone makes his way to a bedroom. He tosses clothes an trash around to get to what he's looking for. A cardboard box. He pulls the box onto the bed and sifts through.
31) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone sit on the tailgate of Galen's truck. Gary's Electric sign hangs behind them. Neckbone focuses on a carburetor in his hand. Ellis stare across the street at the Piggly Wiggly parking lot where roving GROUP of TEENAGERS have collected for the afternoo The Teenagers are up to their typical gossip and minor offenses. Ellis has zeroed in on May Pearl again.
33) 0) text: Ellis walks past the grocery aisles looking for the girl. spots her by the potato chips. He tucks behind a display stacked cans and watches. Juniper reaches for a bag of chips, birds tattooed on her hand. Ellis smiles. It's her, and she really is beautiful She turns down the aisle, coming right for him. He preten to peruse the canned food and notices that it's a big dis of Beanie Weenie. He grabs two handfuls as she passes. Ellis takes the cans to an open register. As a CASHIER sc and bags his items, he cranes his neck looking for her. She's disappeared into another section of the store. Ellis pays in crumpled cash. A horn HONKS. He sees Galen' truck idling out front. He grabs the bag and runs out.
37) 0) text: Ellis slings his backpack down, pacing the small room. He stops and leans his forehead against the door. The sound his Mother clearing the table seeps through. He kicks the door, cracking its shitty composite wood. Hi face flushed and his breathing heavy, he slides to a seat On the verge of hyperventilating, he stares out the dark bedroom window trying to get control of his breathing. Ellis looks at his backpack. It has spilled open revealin can of Beanie Weenie. Ellis studies the can. He looks back to the window. His breathing settles. Quickly, he scoops up the backpack and heads out the wind
49) 0) text: Ellis prowls around the small pine trees and bushes. He pauses, seeing the entrance to Tom Blankenship's boat. Something moves on the houseboat. Ellis hunkers down behi a bush. He sees Tom wrapping cable onto a metal spool. Ellis is nervous. He checks over his shoulder, nothing bu woods. When he looks back to the boat, Tom is gone. In a crouch, Ellis moves closer. Taking a deep breath, Ellis steps out from the cover of t pine trees and heads up a walkway that leads onboard.
51) 0) text: Ellis runs the boat on shore. Tom splashes into the ankle deep water and helps the boys drag it onto the bank. Ellis takes the lead, walking ahead and scanning the treeline. Mud steps out, just past the shadow of the wood Ellis turns to Tom and points.
63) 0) text: He looks up at Juniper's motel room and sees her leaning the railing smoking a cigarette. She doesn't see him.
65) 0) text: A bonfire rages in the middle of an open field. A FEW DOZ KIDS mingle between vehicles and the fire. Drinking, yelling, music blasting from car speakers. Ellis stands by himself next to the blaze with his hands his pockets. May Pearl has vanished. Pryor, the skinny kid Ellis punched to get this date, wan past. He makes eye contact. Ellis stares him down. Pryor glares back but then just skulks over to another group.
73) 6) dialog: 
73) 10) dialog: Catch me up.
73) 12) dialog: Good. Doin' good. Who all's here?
73) 14) dialog: Okay. Let's meet the men. Carver leads his father to the motel room.
74) 0) text: Carver holds the door open as King steps inside. A door t his left connects another room which is empty. An episode of the Smurfs plays on the television. There's MAN on each of the queen beds. Another THREE playing card at a small table by the window. MILLER stands in the corn smoking. Empty Budweiser cans litter the room. King, unimpressed by the scene, looks at his son. Carver quickly moves in front of the television and turns it off He stares down the men on the beds. 78.
74) 4) dialog: Men. I wanna thank you for the work you're doin'. It's important work, and I want you to know what it means to me personally. I'm grateful for it. No man should have to bury his son. It's not natural, and it's a pain I hope none of you ever have to endure. King removes a photocopied picture of Mud from his pocket He unfolds it, stares at it, then raises it to the men.
74) 5) dialog: This man did that to me. He took my youngest boy. And now, you're gonna help me get him. King stares at the men, keeping the photo held high.
74) 6) dialog: Now gather `round. Come on now, in a circle. I want ya'll to join hands. They do it reluctantly.
74) 7) dialog: Everybody take a knee. They do. King joins them on his knee and grabs Carver and another Man's hands.
74) 8) dialog: Bow your heads. I need you to help me pray for the death of the man that killed my son. They all bow their heads. 79.
75) 0) text: A tarp is thrown back from a rusting boat trailer. Ellis and Neckbone stand by the trailer looking less than thrilled. It's covered in junk and debris.
79) 0) text: The supermarket is busy. Ellis stands at a pay phone out front as Neckbone kicks a vending machine nearby. Ellis looks at Juniper's motel. He scans the Piggly Wiggl parking lot and spots Carver's black Lincoln. Ellis picks the phone and deposits some change. He dials.
87) 0) text: The small bar is loud and crowded. Shoulder to shoulder PATRONS bump against one another as MUSIC blares. Neckbone and Ellis press through the crowd searching for Juniper. They are a good foot shorter than anyone else. Ellis notices a man at the bar. It's Miller, the bounty hunter from King's motel. He's staring at something acros the room. Ellis follows his line of sight. The crowd weaves in front of him, but then he sees her. Juniper leans against a pool table at the far end of the A GUY(32) whispers in her ear and kisses her neck. She throws her head back, laughing. Ellis watches in disbelie Nearby, the BARTENDER(46) fills a customer's shot glass. two underage kids catch his attention. 87.
88) 0) text: The Bartender flings Ellis and Neckbone into the parking Neckbone slides on the loose gravel.
89) 0) text: The boys struggle to pull the heavy motor out of their bo It hits the shoreline with a thud. They lean over it, sucking air.
98) 0) text: Ellis sits on the dirt bike. He scans the parking lot. No black Lincoln. His eyes stop on a green pick-up. Miller, sits inside. Ellis looks around and finds a pay phone nearby. He gets the bike and walks toward it. Ellis removes the flier Car gave him. He dials a phone number copied at the bottom.
99) 0) text: Ellis, at a slight crouch, keeps his eyes on the Piggly Wiggly parking lot. The green pick-up is nowhere in sight At Juniper's door, he knocks twice, softly. The door swin opens. Juniper stands there, holding a lit cigarette.
102) 0) text: Ellis, riding the dirtbike, looks to his left into the So Drive-In parking lot. The high school kids have gathered there again. He notices a rust colored Ford coup. The driver, an older kid named KYLE(18), sits beside May Pearl laughing. Ellis steers into traffic and crosses the street. He pull onto a patch of grass at the edge of the Sonic parking lo In one motion, Ellis tumps the bike on its side and makes line for the coup.
106) 0) text: The boat rests on its trailer on the edge of the bank. Mu stands on board looking down at the motor. Neckbone, tool in hand, has his head buried in the motor.
113) 0) text: A MALE NURSE(36) wheels an ELDERLY MAN through the slidin double front doors of a small clinic. Mud appears around the corner. The bike speeding toward t entrance. In a fluid motion, Mud takes Ellis in his arms and lifts leg over the bike. The bike tilts and slides across the pavement, smacking solidly into the curb. Mud has managed to stay on his feet with the boy in his a and rushes through the automatic front doors.
117) 0) text: In the adjoining room, the phone rings. King steps throug the doorway, takes a seat on the bed, and answers.
117) 1) dialog: Hello...Yes...Yessir we are...Uh huh. King takes a pen from his shirt pocket and scribbles on a on the nightstand.
117) 2) dialog: Now where'd you say you were?...Okay...He's gone. Okay...But you say he left the boy?...And your name sir?
118) 0) text: The sun has been down for awhile. Juniper leans on the railing outside her room taking long drags from a cigaret She sees Miller's green pick-up parked below. Suddenly the headlights pop on and the truck pulls away. watches, curious, as it speeds out of sight. A train whistle blows in the distance but is overtaken by semi rumbling down the street. She watches the semi pass revealing the DAY/NITE Gas Station's parking lot. A130 MUD STANDS IN THE CORNER OF THE LOT. Half lit by a s lamp, he stares up at her. Juniper raises up. Even in the dim light she knows it's h She doesn't move. Mud holds up a hand, waves. Juniper slowly waves back. She tries to smile at him, but she's about to cry and it' hard to muster. Mud smiles. After a long moment, he turns his back and disappears in the shadows at the side of the gas station. Juniper watches after him.
133) 0) text: Tom scans Ellis' boat through the scope on his rifle. He sees Carver creeping around the carport. He pans right to find James taking a position near the patio doors. Tom pauses, seeing Ellis appear at the corner of the boat just behind James.
136) 0) text: The phone rings in the Pines Motel. King enters from the adjoining room and takes a seat on the bed. He answers.
136) 1) dialog: Hello...You're speaking to him... King listens. His face taut.
136) 2) dialog: He's dead? (a long pause) Okay. King hangs up the phone. He sits at the edge of the bed, overwhelmed by the news.