2) 0) text: MARY LEE(41) takes a jug of milk out of the refrigerator. SENIOR(52) sits at a small table reading a newspaper. The mobile home kitchenette is no larger than Ellis' room.
2) 1) dialog: I just want to have a conversation. I just want to talk about it. Mary Lee sits down across from Senior, who doesn't look u from his paper. Her eyes narrow and she extends a finger toward him.
25) 0) text: Mary Lee flinches when she sees Ellis come through the do Her face is flushed. Senior stands toe to toe with her. They stare at Ellis, who has paused in the doorway. He doesn't say anything, just looks curiously at his parents Senior storms past Ellis and is out the door. Ellis steps further into the den. Mary Lee tries to straighten herself, patting down her hair and dabbing at eyes with the back of her hand.
25) 2) dialog: Yes. 21.
25) 6) dialog: I'm gonna turn in.
27) 8) dialog: Let's sit down for dinner tonight okay? Will you make it home by seven?
36) 0) text: Mary Lee sits hunched at the made dinner table. She runs finger around the rim of a half empty glass of iced tea. It's a full spread with fried chicken, mashed potatoes, a salad. The table is set for two. She's been waiting. Ellis lets the front door slam shut behind him. She sits
36) 1) dialog: You're late. Ellis doesn't speak, he doesn't look at her. He enters hi room and shuts the door. He's heard the news and she knows it. Mary Lee's face dro
42) 0) text: Mary Lee knocks on her way into the bedroom.
42) 1) dialog: Time to get up. She begins picking clothes off the floor. Ellis, in bed, raises up on his elbows. He's tired from a late night.
42) 3) dialog: I'm going to Wal-Mart. I need you to come with me.
42) 6) dialog: Come on. She pulls the covers off of him.
42) 9) dialog: Ellis I know what your father told you last night. That's not what I wanted. I wanted to sit you down and talk about it.
42) 11) dialog: I've spent my whole life on that boat. I don't think it's too much to ask for your... Mary Lee is interrupted by a line of traffic backed up in front of her. She slows to a stop.
42) 16) dialog: Of course. 41.
42) 19) dialog: No sir. The Trooper produces a flier with a color photo on it.
42) 21) dialog: No sir. The Trooper leans over and holds the paper out to Ellis.
42) 25) dialog: We will officer. The Trooper pulls his head from the window.
42) 30) dialog: My lord. (rolls up her window)
62) 7) dialog: You look nice.
62) 9) dialog: What time are you gonna be home? Ellis shrugs. She looks at him as the car radio rambles.
62) 12) dialog: About moving in town?
62) 14) dialog: You can't make other people change Ellis. If I'm unhappy then I'll have to be the one to change something. Ellis chews on the inside of his cheek and watches her av eye contact. He shoulders his way out of the car. Mary Lee takes a moment before driving off. As Mary Lee pulls away, Ellis takes in the scene.
93) 4) dialog: Ellis turns as Senior yanks the phone by the cord. It sna out of Ellis' hand and smashes apart on the floor. Ellis flinches at the sight of his father flying at him.
93) 7) dialog: 
93) 11) dialog: Take your hands off him Senior! Senior keeps Ellis pinned to the wall with his left hand. opens up and addresses Mary Lee with his right.
93) 18) dialog: Ellis? A cool anger rushes over Senior's face. He releases Ellis and takes a step back.
93) 22) dialog: Senior.
93) 24) dialog: Don't you blame this on me. One doesn't have a thing to do with the other and you know it.
93) 29) dialog: You're a man who's never had the strength to support his own life. I never asked you for a thing, and I've never took a thing from you that I couldn't provide for on my own. If they do tear my home apart the only joy I'll have in my heart is knowin' that they'll be tearing you out of my life for good. She wipes her eyes and turns her attention to Ellis.
120) 0) text: His eyes open. Ellis bolts up in bed covered in a cold sweat. Mary Lee places a palm on his chest.
120) 1) dialog: It's okay. You're okay. Just set back. Mary Lee guides Ellis back down on the pillow. Senior sta with his arm on her shoulder. They look down at their son
120) 3) dialog: You're home. We got you home. Ellis takes a second to get his bearings. His mother lift glass of Sprite up to his mouth. He takes a sip.
120) 7) dialog: The doctors gave you some medicine. You had a snake bite. 112.
120) 10) dialog: A man brought you in. No one knew him. Ellis tries to sit up in bed, but his mother stops him.
120) 14) dialog: I'll be back in to check on you but just try and sleep if you can.
120) 18) dialog: We love you too Ellis. They exit the room. Ellis rests his head back on the pill and takes a deep breath.