73) 8) dialog: Yes sir.
74) 0) text: Carver holds the door open as King steps inside. A door t his left connects another room which is empty. An episode of the Smurfs plays on the television. There's MAN on each of the queen beds. Another THREE playing card at a small table by the window. MILLER stands in the corn smoking. Empty Budweiser cans litter the room. King, unimpressed by the scene, looks at his son. Carver quickly moves in front of the television and turns it off He stares down the men on the beds. 78.
87) 0) text: The small bar is loud and crowded. Shoulder to shoulder PATRONS bump against one another as MUSIC blares. Neckbone and Ellis press through the crowd searching for Juniper. They are a good foot shorter than anyone else. Ellis notices a man at the bar. It's Miller, the bounty hunter from King's motel. He's staring at something acros the room. Ellis follows his line of sight. The crowd weaves in front of him, but then he sees her. Juniper leans against a pool table at the far end of the A GUY(32) whispers in her ear and kisses her neck. She throws her head back, laughing. Ellis watches in disbelie Nearby, the BARTENDER(46) fills a customer's shot glass. two underage kids catch his attention. 87.
98) 0) text: Ellis sits on the dirt bike. He scans the parking lot. No black Lincoln. His eyes stop on a green pick-up. Miller, sits inside. Ellis looks around and finds a pay phone nearby. He gets the bike and walks toward it. Ellis removes the flier Car gave him. He dials a phone number copied at the bottom.
118) 0) text: The sun has been down for awhile. Juniper leans on the railing outside her room taking long drags from a cigaret She sees Miller's green pick-up parked below. Suddenly the headlights pop on and the truck pulls away. watches, curious, as it speeds out of sight. A train whistle blows in the distance but is overtaken by semi rumbling down the street. She watches the semi pass revealing the DAY/NITE Gas Station's parking lot. A130 MUD STANDS IN THE CORNER OF THE LOT. Half lit by a s lamp, he stares up at her. Juniper raises up. Even in the dim light she knows it's h She doesn't move. Mud holds up a hand, waves. Juniper slowly waves back. She tries to smile at him, but she's about to cry and it' hard to muster. Mud smiles. After a long moment, he turns his back and disappears in the shadows at the side of the gas station. Juniper watches after him.
126) 0) text: Mud crashes headfirst onto the edge of the houseboat gras for anything to keep from sliding off. His hand catches a metal deck cleat. It bends under his weight but holds. Mud gets to his feet and is met by the tip of a rifle. Miller, the man from the cafe, stands poised to fire. Mud's hand slips to the back of his pants for his pistol. NOTHING. He looks to the flat-bottom tied at the far edge the boat. No sign of Neckbone. Miller's finger curls around the trigger. SUDDENLY, a BULLET snicks through Miller's neck. Mud flinches. Miller's hand comes up to his neck but can' hold the blood running from it. He topples into the water