9) 0) text: The boys splash down in ankle deep water. They take hold the front of the boat and drag it onto the muddy shore. Neckbone jogs to a tree line in the center of the island. Ellis snatches up his backpack and follows.
16) 17) dialog: What you say? The boys don't respond. Mud walks past them and casts aga 10.
16) 19) dialog: Helluva thing.
16) 21) dialog: Boat in the trees. It's a helluva thing. Mud continues walking down the shoreline, reeling in his bait. The boys follow, tentatively.
16) 23) dialog: I'm talkin' about my boat.
16) 25) dialog: You found it with me livin' in it. Possession is nine tenths of the law.
16) 27) dialog: Don't tell me you boys are from Mississippi?
16) 30) dialog: Nails. Shaped liked crosses.
16) 33) dialog: Ward off evil spirits. A man I called an Indian but was Meskin said they were Seven-league boots worn by the seventh son of a seventh son. Told me it'd turn me into a werewolf but that's a lie. I don't know nothin' about that. Ellis, confused, won't take his eyes off the man.
16) 34) dialog: They just good luck, but so far they ain't been workin' too well. (missing tooth smile) What's your name? Mud seems easy to smile, which softens his otherwise coar look. His words spill from the mouth rapidly, without muc thought for punctuation. Neckbone, emboldened by these facts, steps forward to answer.
16) 36) dialog: Neckbone? That's a real handle son. Where ya'll from?
16) 39) dialog: Arkansas boys. Ya'll had me worried for a second. Mud, pleased by this news, tucks the fishing pole under h arm and holds out a hand to shake. Ellis stares at the ha unsure. He takes it reluctantly.
16) 41) dialog: I doubt it. I grew up `round here, but I've been gone awhile. 12.
16) 44) dialog: Different places. Spent a lot of time back up near the White.
16) 47) dialog: I know it. Guy named Tom Blankenship used to live back in there.
16) 49) dialog: Ain't that somethin'. In one motion, Mud flicks his cigarette away and grabs a out of his shirt pocket.
16) 50) dialog: I like you two. You remind me of me. And seeing how you boys are from Arkansas and we know some people and sounds like we all from the same place I'd say we can make a deal here about somethin'.
16) 52) dialog: Food. Food for a boat.
16) 56) dialog: I would if I could, but I told somebody I'd meet `em here. So I'm stuck for now and what I got's runnin' low. Neckbone walks back and pulls Ellis by the arm.
16) 58) dialog: I'm no bum. I got money. You can call me a hobo `cause a hobo'll work for his living and you can call me homeless `cause that's true for now, but if you call me a bum again I'll have to teach you somethin' about respect that your daddy never did. Neckbone's confidence recedes. Ellis stands his ground.
16) 60) dialog: Yeah.
16) 62) dialog: Yeah. Ellis studies Mud's face, clothes, tattoos. He's thinking about it. Mud pauses from fishing to make eye contact.
16) 63) dialog: I'm in a tight spot. I just need a little help.
27) 0) text: Ellis watches Tom Blankenship from across the bayou. Tom' boat sits directly opposite Ellis', separated by 30 yards muddy brown water. Ellis leans against a post under the carport. His backpac resting at his feet, he holds the Walkie-Talkie in his ha Senior works behind him washing utensils in the outdoor s 22.
28) 0) text: Water laps at the shore of the island. Ellis and Neckbone drag their boat onto the muddy bank.
29) 5) dialog: I try to never sleep in the same place twice. What you got there? Mud motions with his head to the backpack in Ellis' hand. Ellis holds it out to him.
29) 9) dialog: I owe you boys. Keeping the bag in hand, Mud takes a seat on the stump be him. He pulls out a selection of canned food; pumpkin pie filling, evaporated milk, green beans. He grabs the beans
29) 10) dialog: I was gonna try runnin' a trot line today. See how far that'd get me. Mud removes a good-sized folding knife from his pocket an makes short order of the can lid. He tips the can up lett the beans fall into his mouth. Juice flows down his cheek
29) 11) dialog: 
29) 13) dialog: I appreciate it.
29) 16) dialog: For protection. Mud gets up, heads for a duffel bag tucked under a nearby tree. The boys pivot, keeping Mud in front of them. Mud notices.
29) 17) dialog: Ya'll don't have to be afraid of me. I have two ways to protect myself out here. This shirt, and this pistol.
29) 21) dialog: There are fierce powers at work in the world boys. Good, evil, poor luck, best luck. Men have to take advantage where they can. Mud removes a spool of fishing line and a small plastic tackle box. He scoops up the duffel bag and heads into th woods.
29) 22) dialog: Ya'll comin'? 32 Neckbone looks to Ellis, who walks after Mud into the trees.
29) 24) dialog: I'm not waitin' for a guy. I'm waitin' on my girlfriend. Juniper.
29) 26) dialog: She's beautiful.
29) 29) dialog: Best lookin' girl I've ever seen. Hands down. Blonde hair. Long legs. She's like a dream you don't want to wake up from. She's got birds tattooed on her hands, here. Mud stops, points to the area on the top of his right han between his thumb and pointer finger.
29) 30) dialog: Nightingales. Good luck birds.
29) 32) dialog: No it is not.
29) 34) dialog: That's because God made them for us to fear.
29) 38) dialog: It's a thing we knew to be afraid of before we even got into this world. 33 They emerge from the woods onto the downstream coast o the island. It looks different than the other shoreline. A large swath of red clay angles sharply into the water.
29) 39) dialog: Cherokee would wrap snake skin around their pregnant women's bellies. Induce labor, scare the child out. Here. He fetches a length of rope out of the duffel bag and tos it to Neckbone.
29) 40) dialog: Set that `round your bed at night. Snake won't cross braided rope.
29) 42) dialog: A reminder. Don't get bit. I was 10, swimmin' `bout a mile up from here. Me and Juniper. Sonofabitch swam right up under me, bit me just below the armpit. June got me out, got me to a clinic. Doctor said I shoulda been dead in twenty minutes. Took us an hour just to get back to town.
29) 44) dialog: Gave me antivenom. For a cotton mouth. See here. Mud shows the tattoo on top of his right hand. He points the two cotton blossoms bulging from the snake's mouth.
29) 45) dialog: Problem with antivenom is they can only give it to you once. It's made from horse blood. Your body would reject it a second time. The cure ends up being more dangerous than the poison. 27.
29) 48) dialog: I die, or just sweat it out. Neckbone, not buying it, looks at Ellis and taps his watc
29) 50) dialog: All right.
29) 52) dialog: Mud. You can call me Mud.
29) 54) dialog: 
29) 57) dialog: 
39) 0) text: Ellis struggles to pull the boat onto shore. Leaving it h in the water, Ellis looks around. No sign of Mud. He size up the dark woods. He removes a flashlight from his backpack and shines it d the shorelines. Still nothing. Ellis follows the beam of light into the woods.
41) 0) text: A campfire burns at the base of the tree. The firelight illuminates the belly of the boat that rests 20 feet abov Ellis, his flashlight off, crouches behind a tree and wat the campsite. There is no one there. He looks into the black forest behind him, thinks of going back. A twig snaps in the distance and he's back on guard. Elli nervously scans the woods before finally stepping into th light of the campfire. The SOUND of a gun's hammer drawing back CLICKS behind hi Ellis freezes. Mud emerges from the trees, a .45 extended toward Ellis' back.
41) 1) dialog: Ellis? Ellis, still frozen, slowly turns to him. Mud huffs out a laugh and drops the pistol to his side.
41) 2) dialog: What're you doin' out here? Ellis slowly raises the backpack in his hand.
41) 5) dialog: I appreciate that, but I didn't expect you out here at night. Mud takes a seat on the log and transfers the cans into h own duffel bag. He holds up a can of the Beanie Weenie.
41) 6) dialog: Look at that. You really know how to do somebody right. I didn't wanna say anything before, but it's hard to make a meal out of pumpkin pie filling.
41) 8) dialog: I'm not complainin'.
41) 10) dialog: They're yours to begin with. Ellis sits as Mud hands him a can. They eat.
41) 12) dialog: That's good right?
41) 16) dialog: Juniper. Yeah.
41) 18) dialog: We grew up together.
41) 21) dialog: I do. The first time I saw her was on this river. Just up from here. She saved my life.
41) 23) dialog: That's right. I was younger than you are now, but when I came to in the hospital and she was there, it was like the world split open, came back together new. Everything changed. I knew from then on I'd do anything for her.
41) 25) dialog: I've asked. Several times. Marriage just doesn't work for some people. Ellis thinks on this.
41) 27) dialog: I'm sorry to hear that.
41) 29) dialog: Who says that?
41) 31) dialog: I've never been one to trust the government on matters of personal property, but if your parents love each other, there's always a chance.
41) 35) dialog: People just sometimes forget why they fell in love in the first place. Ellis watches Mud toke the cigarette nub. He's really getting all he can from it.
41) 37) dialog: What?
41) 39) dialog: Where'd you see her?
41) 41) dialog: That's good news. Real good news. Mud paces, slowly. He's thinking.
41) 43) dialog: No. We picked another place to meet. Couple days from now. Mud walks back to the log and sits.
41) 45) dialog: Tomorrow. I'll go tomorrow. 39.
41) 48) dialog: Naw. I can manage. Hell I got out here didn't I? Ellis smiles. They sit in silence. Ellis stares up at the boat hanging over them, its peeling hull lit by the firelight. Mud pinches the ash from the end of his cigarette, places stub back in his shirt pocket. Noticing Ellis, Mud tilts head back to take in the boat.
41) 49) dialog: It's a helluva thing. Mud pauses, his mind working on something.
41) 50) dialog: Helluva thing. The two sit by the campfire staring up at the suspended b
46) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone emerge from the woods at Mud's campsit They scan nearby tree limbs.
46) 5) dialog: Up here! Mud drops them a rope with knots tied in it. Ellis starts inching his way up. Neckbone begrudgingly follows.
47) 2) dialog: I'm gonna have to go back on our deal for the boat. I don't feel good about it, but I don't see any other way outta what I'm into. Neckbone makes his way on board. Mud has pulled a panel o the steering column. Exposed wires dangle.
47) 4) dialog: What state troopers?
47) 6) dialog: I didn't know about that, but it doesn't surprise me. There plenty of folks lookin' for me right now.
47) 8) dialog: I shot a man. Killed him. 45.
47) 10) dialog: I'm sorry I didn't tell ya'll sooner, but I was hopin' to be gone before anything came of it. Didn't want you involved. Mud turns to really face them for the first time.
47) 11) dialog: Ya'll have been real good to me. You're the only friends I got out here. If the state troopers have 165 blocked, they'll have others blocked too. I won't get anywhere in a car. I want to try takin' this boat down, see if we can get it in the water. Ellis and Neckbone stand their ground. They don't say anything. Mud walks back to the steering column. He drops his knees and fiddles with the wires.
47) 12) dialog: With a boat like this I can make it to the gulf in two days. I could get anywhere from there. But I'd need a boat at least this big to make it on open water. It's got no title, no owner, nobody lookin' for it. It's my best shot.
47) 14) dialog: It was a bad piece of business. Ya'll don't need to hear about it.
47) 16) dialog: Juniper made a mistake. She hooked up with a guy. He was no good. His name was Hutchins. Family owns a chain of restaurants down in Texas. 46.
47) 19) dialog: I was around, but me and Juniper were on the outs. She met this Hutchins, he sold her on some lies. Got her pregnant. That's when he started showin' who he really was. He dropped June down a flight of stairs after whoopin' her half to death. She lost the baby. He made it so the doctors think she can't have children anymore. There're things you can get away with in this world and things you can't. I tracked him down at a motel just outside of San Antonio. He was there with another woman. That's where it happened. Mud's done with his story. He goes back to the wiring.
47) 20) dialog: I understand if you can't help me anymore, but I need this boat. And I need to get it in the water fast. After a moment, he sits up and wipes sweat from his foreh
47) 21) dialog: I've made a list. Things we'll need. What do ya'll think? Ellis takes time to consider everything. He looks at Neckbone, who has a disgruntled look on his face.
47) 23) dialog: Yeah. Ellis nods. Mud looks over at Neckbone, who still has the disgruntled look on his face.
47) 24) dialog: What do you think?
47) 27) dialog: That's about it. Mud removes a cigarette butt and sparks it with a lighter
47) 29) dialog: What do you want? Neckbone looks to Ellis, judging his bargaining position.
47) 31) dialog: I only got two things out here worth anything. This shirt... Mud pulls the pistol from the back of his jeans. Neckbone tenses, but relaxes when Mud splays it out on an open pal
47) 32) dialog: And this pistol. I can't give you the shirt `cause I need it for protection, but if you help me get this boat in the water, the pistol's yours. Neckbone squinches his face in thought, sizing up this tr
47) 34) dialog: A forty five.
47) 36) dialog: We get this thing floatin' first. Neckbone looks over at Ellis, who shrugs.
47) 39) dialog: Ya'll scrounge what you can off this list, but if we're gonna get this done right we'll need more help. Can you fetch Tom for me?
47) 41) dialog: I was hopin' to let that old assassin stay put, but we'll need him to get things ya'll can't. Can you find him?
47) 43) dialog: Just tell him my name. He'll know you're serious. Ellis folds the list up. He and Neckbone start down the r as Mud goes back to the wiring.
47) 44) dialog: Boys?
51) 0) text: Ellis runs the boat on shore. Tom splashes into the ankle deep water and helps the boys drag it onto the bank. Ellis takes the lead, walking ahead and scanning the treeline. Mud steps out, just past the shadow of the wood Ellis turns to Tom and points.
51) 4) dialog: Sir. They stare at each other for a long moment. Neither one flinching.
51) 10) dialog: In town. Got here yesterday. Tom lowers his head. Frustrated.
51) 19) dialog: I ain't no thief.
51) 30) dialog: Looks like we're on our own. He stands and takes a folded piece of paper from his shir
51) 31) dialog: I didn't want you bein' the one to do this, but I can't see a way around it. I need to get this letter to Juniper. Could you take it to her for me?
51) 33) dialog: You have to be careful. You can't just walk up and knock on her door, you hear me? You have to watch yourself.
59) 0) text: Mud smiles, showing his missing tooth, as he looks over t load of items the boys have stacked in their boat. Neckbo tosses a loop of rope to him. 61A.
59) 4) dialog: This'll work for now. You get her my note?
59) 6) dialog: Where'd you get that from?
59) 9) dialog: What'd he look like?
59) 11) dialog: Dark hair?
59) 13) dialog: 
59) 15) dialog: 
59) 17) dialog: Thanks for lookin' after her. Ellis nods. Mud picks up the rope.
59) 18) dialog: His name's Carver. Brother of the man I shot. If he's here, then more are comin'. 63.
59) 21) dialog: Bounty hunters. Carver's rotten, but his daddy's the one to be scared of. He'll spend all the money he has to see me dead. If it was up to me I'd put the whole family down same as the other. Not a decent man between `em. Mud stops and turns to lay a serious look on them.
59) 22) dialog: Ya'll listen to me now. If you see that old man, don't get near him. He's the triple six real deal scratch you hear me? Mud waits for nods from them both.
59) 23) dialog: All right.
61) 0) text: Mud stands with Ellis and Neckbone on the deck of the boa He holds a pulley in one hand and a length of rope in the other. He stares up into the trees. 64.
61) 2) dialog: Ellis, can you climb up that trunk and get these hung?
61) 4) dialog: Take a foot of line and tie `em off with a bowline knot. You know it?
61) 6) dialog: Neck, start cuttin' line. Three fifteen foot sections. Count a foot long as your arm. Mud begins threading the pulleys with rope. As Neckbone c rope, he sees the pistol stuck in the back of Mud's pants
61) 8) dialog: It's got a wolf's eye sewn in the sleeve. More protection than a bullet ever gave. Tom swears by it.
61) 10) dialog: Tom's the closest thing I ever knew to a father.
61) 12) dialog: It's hard not knowin' the ones you came from.
61) 14) dialog: Tom did that for me. 65.
61) 17) dialog: Tom's had lives you'd never know about. Grew up up North. Went to Yale. For a long time he was a paid killer for the C.I.A. Lived in Cuba in `63. He's probably killed more people than you've met.
62) 0) text: Mud hangs off the tree fifteen feet up by a piece of rope tied around his waist. A series of ropes and pulleys crisscross from the boat to the trees. Neckbone and Ellis stand on the ground staring up at him. Mud holds a chainsaw and seems to be hesitating.
62) 2) dialog: One down! Neckbone and Ellis watch as Mud scampers around the trunk the next branch. The chainsaw cranks back on.
69) 3) dialog: You find a motor?
69) 5) dialog: I made a bonfire. Mud enters the woods. Ellis follows.
69) 7) dialog: Bonfire's an all purpose cure all for bad luck. I don't know where this boat's been or what kind of person had it before me. For all I know it could have some serious bad business left on it. We got too much ridin' on this thing to leave to chance. Where's Neckbone?
70) 0) text: Mud and Ellis exit the treeline heading to Ellis' boat.
70) 2) dialog: What he say?
70) 5) dialog: You don't know his story.
70) 7) dialog: You should. Tom loved a woman more than most men could in two lifetimes. They had a good life started together. Mud hops down and scoops a load of wood into his arms.
70) 8) dialog: She was pregnant with a little boy, but the birth got the better of `em. They didn't make it. Tom's been alone ever since. Lone wolf. Mud has begun walking back to the treeline. Ellis stays.
70) 10) dialog: Thanks for the wood Ellis. Ellis watches him go, thinking on what he said. 74.
78) 0) text: Mud's knife slices through a plastic zip tie.
78) 1) dialog: King. That's what they call him. A BOAT TRAILER rests atop FOUR, 55-GALLON BRIGHT YELLOW BARRELS affixed with plastic zip ties. The make-shift raf is half on shore with the back still floating in the wate The boys watch as Mud walks around the trailer cutting of the zip ties. The barrels kick out from underneath the trailer as this happens.
78) 2) dialog: He's their father. You didn't go near him did you?
78) 4) dialog: Good. That left-handed sonofabitch is the devil himself. If he's here, then it's time. We need to get Juniper out here. 79C.
78) 8) dialog: I need one that runs. Mud moves to the front of the boat trailer and begins dragging it fully onto the bank. It's heavy.
78) 11) dialog: All right then. Give it a shot.
78) 15) dialog: We do need a motor. Ellis thinks on it as Mud takes a deep breath and grabs t trailer again.
90) 0) text: Mud stands at the back of the boat, which now rests on th boat trailer near the water. His face is clean shaven and his hair is wetted back. His shirt, still filthy, is tuck into his pants. He whistles and works by the light of a small fire nearby Ellis steps out from behind a tree. He's holding the groc sack that was left on his houseboat.
90) 2) dialog: Mud, hearing the voice, quickly puts down his tools and t to the woods. He smooths his clothes down.
90) 3) dialog: What you say there?! Ellis appears out of the dark, followed by Neckbone. Mud' eyes search the treeline for Juniper.
90) 4) dialog: What you say Ellis? Ellis can't look him in the eye.
90) 6) dialog: Is Juniper okay?
90) 8) dialog: Where is she? 89.
90) 11) dialog: What happened? Was it Carver?
90) 13) dialog: What's goin' on Ellis?
90) 15) dialog: What?
90) 18) dialog: She probably thought Carver was on to her.
90) 20) dialog: What was she doin' with the other guy? Ellis hesitates, not wanting to say. Mud pushes.
90) 21) dialog: What were they doin' Ellis?
90) 24) dialog: And that's how it is. He takes the pot of roofing tar over to the boat and begi pasting some of the newly replaced boards with a flat sti
90) 26) dialog: Just go home Ellis. Ellis looks at Neckbone, then sets the grocery sack on th ground.
95) 0) text: Mud's yellow shirt hangs, partially ripped, from a tree branch. Ellis pulls it off the limb. Concerned, they head deeper into the woods, over the fall tree trunk that bridges the creek.
96) 0) text: The boys watch Mud through the trees at a distance. He's crouched on the deck of the boat fiddling with wiring. Mu giving no sign he sees the boys, yells out to them.
96) 1) dialog: What are ya'll hidin' for? Mud drops the wiring and scales down to the bank. They emerge from the woods. Ellis carries the yellow shirt.
96) 3) dialog: Keep it. I don't need it anymore. Mud goes to the motor at the rear to tinker with more wir 95.
96) 7) dialog: I guess.
96) 9) dialog: I did a lot of drinkin' last night. Mud stops and walks over to address the boys. His face is pale and his manner is curt.
96) 10) dialog: Neck I'm gonna need you here to get the motor runnin'. Ellis I need you to do something else for me. Mud removes a folded note from his back pocket.
96) 11) dialog: I need you to take this to Juniper.
96) 13) dialog: Let's go.
96) 15) dialog: I had a dream last night. I saw Juniper laying in a field with another man. They were making love. I walked out into the field. Walked toward `em. I was so angry the tips of my ears were burnin'. That's how I knew I was gonna kill this man. But when I got up close enough, I saw that the man she was with had tattoos on his back, just like mine. I moved in closer and the guy turns his head back toward me. Hair for hair, dead truth, the guy she was with was me. Mud ducks back under the motor. Ellis looks at Neckbone, worried. 96.
96) 17) dialog: I'll finish the boat, but I'd be surprised if I live long enough to sail on it. A vision of yourself is a sure sign of death. Neck can you grab me a socket wrench? Neckbone and Ellis walk to the toolbox sitting nearby. Th crouch by it, speaking quietly.
105) 0) text: Ellis thrashes through the woods. His muddy feet stomp across the fallen tree trunk that bridges the creek. 104.
106) 2) dialog: Nothin'.
106) 4) dialog: What'd she... Ellis punches Mud with as much force as he can muster. It barely enough to turn Mud's face, but it stuns him.
106) 9) dialog: Come on Ellis. Mud holds a hand out to him. Ellis slaps it away. 105.
108) 0) text: Mud stands at the rear of the boat massaging his jaw.
108) 2) dialog: Mud hears the yelling. Neckbone explodes from the trees.
108) 4) dialog: 
109) 0) text: Mud streaks through the woods as he gets his other arm through the shirt sleeve. He reaches the creek. Without hesitating, Mud leaps down into the water, scoops Ellis into his arms and scales up the opposite side of th creek bed. Mud sprints for the north side of the island. Neckbone chases after them.
110) 0) text: Mud cradles Ellis in his arms as he rushes to the flat-bo boat. He sets Ellis gently inside. Neckbone on his heels. Mud shoves the boat into the water and hops in. Neckbone wades out and crawls up the side of the boat.
110) 1) dialog: Get the motor started. Neckbone cranks the motor. As they move up river, Mud searches Ellis' body. He looks at his neck, his arms, he pulls up his shirt.
110) 3) dialog: Shit. He rips the jeans up to the thigh. Mud tears a section of cloth from the bottom of his own shirt and creates a tourniquet just below Ellis' knee.
110) 4) dialog: What time is it? Mud pulls a black Sharpie out of his pocket. Neckbone doesn't answer, just stares.
110) 5) dialog: 
110) 10) dialog: Yell out every 10 minutes! Mud elevates Ellis' leg then gently cups his head. He dab the gash on Ellis' forehead.
110) 12) dialog: We just need to get him to a clinic! Is there still one in town?!
110) 14) dialog: It's the closest?!
110) 16) dialog: I'm gonna need your bike!
110) 18) dialog: No. He holds Ellis as they move steadily up river.
111) 0) text: The flat bottom boat approaches the riverbank. Neckbone points to the sandy ridge and yells up to Mud.
112) 0) text: Mud speeds the dirt bike down the two-lane highway. He's too big for the bike and it's even trickier balancing Ell Coming up on a slow moving pick-up overloaded with junk, veers into the opposing lane. ONCOMING TRAFFIC. Mud darts back to his lane in time to miss a semi.
113) 0) text: A MALE NURSE(36) wheels an ELDERLY MAN through the slidin double front doors of a small clinic. Mud appears around the corner. The bike speeding toward t entrance. In a fluid motion, Mud takes Ellis in his arms and lifts leg over the bike. The bike tilts and slides across the pavement, smacking solidly into the curb. Mud has managed to stay on his feet with the boy in his a and rushes through the automatic front doors.
114) 0) text: The reception area has a DOZEN PATIENTS sitting in it. A check-in desk to the left. Mud holds Ellis out in his arm
114) 1) dialog: 
114) 4) dialog: He's been snake bit. ANOTHER NURSE rushes off calling for a doctor. The room becomes more frenzied. Patients talking. Nurses shouting. 109.
114) 6) dialog: He's snake bit. A cotton mouth. On his calf. Just under an hour. As quickly as Mud gets this out, a GROUP of NURSES rush o of a door at the end of the room pushing a gurney. They take Ellis from Mud's arm, place him on the gurney, speed him into the back of the clinic. The commotion gone, the reception area feels oddly still. Mud takes a deep breath. He looks to his right. Patients stare at him. He's beyond disheveled. He's crazy looking. Mud turns to his left. The Male Nurse stares at him. For the first time, Mud realizes he's out in the open.
115) 0) text: Mud is outside. The glass doors close. He nervously check over his shoulders. He spots a bank of trees just down fr the clinic. He heads for them. The front doors slide open and the Male Nurse walks out.
118) 0) text: The sun has been down for awhile. Juniper leans on the railing outside her room taking long drags from a cigaret She sees Miller's green pick-up parked below. Suddenly the headlights pop on and the truck pulls away. watches, curious, as it speeds out of sight. A train whistle blows in the distance but is overtaken by semi rumbling down the street. She watches the semi pass revealing the DAY/NITE Gas Station's parking lot. A130 MUD STANDS IN THE CORNER OF THE LOT. Half lit by a s lamp, he stares up at her. Juniper raises up. Even in the dim light she knows it's h She doesn't move. Mud holds up a hand, waves. Juniper slowly waves back. She tries to smile at him, but she's about to cry and it' hard to muster. Mud smiles. After a long moment, he turns his back and disappears in the shadows at the side of the gas station. Juniper watches after him.
121) 0) text: Mud and Neckbone shove against the back of the boat trail The wheels of the trailer rock at the edge of the bank's incline. Sheets of metal roofing taken from the shack Ell and Neckbone dismantled line a runway into the water. 113.
121) 2) dialog: 
121) 4) dialog: The sun does shine on a dog's ass some days.
121) 7) dialog: I know. Mud walks back on shore and collects his duffel bag.
121) 8) dialog: I owe you your end of the deal. Mud removes the pistol from the back of his jeans. Neckbone's eyes light up. Mud hands it over and Neckbone immediately notices a hole where the clip is missing.
121) 10) dialog: The deal was for the gun, not the bullets.
121) 12) dialog: I got one last favor to ask you. Neckbone sucks his teeth. 114.
122) 0) text: Water gently laps at the side of Ellis' houseboat. The ba is quiet. From the darkness, Neckbone and Mud appear in the flat-bo boat. They paddle with their hands. Approaching in silenc
123) 0) text: Ellis stares at the ceiling, unable to sleep. A TAP comes from the window. Ellis sits up in bed. Mud pokes his head in. He whispers.
123) 1) dialog: Ellis?
123) 3) dialog: Yeah. Mud pulls his body through the window. It's tight but he manages to make it look somewhat graceful. Mud takes a qu survey of the dark room. Ellis begins to get out of bed.
123) 4) dialog: No, don't get up. Mud motions him back down and pulls the chair from the de over to the bed. They speak in hushed voices.
123) 6) dialog: Neck brought me.
125) 1) dialog: We got the boat in the water.
125) 4) dialog: Just now. Smooth sailin' from here on out.
125) 6) dialog: Wish you coulda seen it.
125) 8) dialog: Didn't feel right leavin' town without sayin' goodbye. There is an awkward moment.
125) 10) dialog: No. No. You were right to be mad. You were right about a lot of things. I'm the one that's sorry. I shoulda never gotten ya'll into all this. I just didn't see any other way around it. But I couldn't leave without you knowin' I never lied about being your friend. I never lied about that.
125) 12) dialog: I don't traffic in the truth too often. But I did love her. I do love her.
125) 14) dialog: I just made mistakes. We both did. This is a hard life to keep up with. You can't blame her for gettin' tired of tryin'.
125) 17) dialog: That's not true. Don't judge your life on all of our mistakes. You'll make plenty mistakes of your own, no need takin' on everybody else's. You're a good man Ellis. If you find a girl half as good, you'll be all right.
125) 19) dialog: No. I'm not. But maybe from here on out I can be... A SHOTGUN BLAST rips a fist-sized hole in the flimsy inte wall. Mud, as if by reflex, yanks Ellis from the sheets a shoves him under the bed. BOOM. BOOM. Bits of sheetrock fall like snow flakes as more holes bla through the bedroom wall. Mud flinches with each shot. He covers his own head with one hand and the boy with the ot
125) 21) dialog: Stay put! JUST STAY UNDER THERE! The SOUND of shotgun shells being slipped into the chambe Mud gets to a crouch. Through the holes in the wall, Mud makes out Nelson, the fat bounty hunter, reloading his gu
125) 30) dialog: 
126) 0) text: Mud crashes headfirst onto the edge of the houseboat gras for anything to keep from sliding off. His hand catches a metal deck cleat. It bends under his weight but holds. Mud gets to his feet and is met by the tip of a rifle. Miller, the man from the cafe, stands poised to fire. Mud's hand slips to the back of his pants for his pistol. NOTHING. He looks to the flat-bottom tied at the far edge the boat. No sign of Neckbone. Miller's finger curls around the trigger. SUDDENLY, a BULLET snicks through Miller's neck. Mud flinches. Miller's hand comes up to his neck but can' hold the blood running from it. He topples into the water
129) 0) text: Mud rushes to untie the flat-bottom. 118.
129) 3) dialog: 
130) 0) text: Mud gets to his feet, stepping over an unconscious Nelson his way to the bedroom door.
130) 1) dialog: You still down there bud?
130) 3) dialog: Stay put. Mud pops out of the bedroom into the den. 119.
134) 0) text: The firing from the front door has stopped. Mud takes a d breath, sets the empty shotgun on the ground, then rushes the sliding glass doors as the men out front reload.
135) 0) text: Mud makes it outside, his back to James' leveled rifle.
135) 2) dialog: James and Mud both turn at the sound of Ellis' voice. One Tom's bullets drops James dead. Carver appears at the carport end of the boat. He raises shotgun toward Mud.
135) 6) dialog: Carver approaches the edge of the boat. He stares down in the swirling dark water. No sign of Mud. 121.
135) 15) dialog: Senior exits the houseboat, pistol pointed. He sees Ellis and runs to him.