4) 0) text: Ellis scurries into the treeline and arrives at a dirt pa Waiting for him there is NECKBONE(14), a scrawny kid with slicked back blonde hair wearing a FUGAZI T-shirt. He sit atop a smallish dirt bike. Ellis hops on the back.
4) 1) dialog: What the shit man?
6) 1) dialog: How old is she?
6) 4) dialog: She's got nice titties. You talk to her?
6) 6) dialog: You're gonna have to talk to her.
6) 8) dialog: Remind me when we get back to my house, Galen's got a book on that. Neckbone takes a spot up front in the small, flat-bottom boat. Ellis, a foot on the bank and one in the boat, launches them out into the water.
7) 0) text: A chunk of Neckbone's greased back hair bobs in the wind they cruise down river. Ellis steers a small 15 horsepowe motor. An orange sun is coming up now. Neckbone's eyes lock on what's in front of them. Ellis ki the motor. Neckbone stands up, a serious look on his face
7) 1) dialog: Shit. Ellis raises up behind him. He takes a deep breath, nods.
7) 2) dialog: Your dad'd kill us he knew we went out there.
7) 4) dialog: What if it sinks? 4.
8) 0) text: The boat lurches through the murky, rushing water. Neckbone has both hands firmly planted on the boat's edge Ellis tries to handle the motor which has little impact against this current. The tail end of the boat swings to the right. Ellis flinc and grabs an edge to steady himself. The front of the boa bobs toward an ISLAND in the middle of the river. Neck turns to Ellis and points.
8) 1) dialog: 
9) 0) text: The boys splash down in ankle deep water. They take hold the front of the boat and drag it onto the muddy shore. Neckbone jogs to a tree line in the center of the island. Ellis snatches up his backpack and follows.
10) 1) dialog: Galen thinks it's been here awhile. Thinks the last flood did it. Ellis follows as Neckbone winds through the trees. They s at a deep creek that cuts across the island. Neckbone loo to his right, then his left. Sees what he's looking for.
10) 2) dialog: It's down there. A fallen tree trunk that straddles the creek. Ellis start across. 5.
10) 4) dialog: Hold it. Neckbone picks a large stone up off the ground.
10) 5) dialog: Look. Eight feet below the tree trunk, a nest of water moccasin curl around in the creek. Neckbone drops the stone on top them. The snakes fan out.
10) 6) dialog: Little shits. Their mud-caked high-tops stomp across the trunk.
11) 1) dialog: So there it is.
12) 0) text: The boys scale up the tree from low lying branches. Ellis, hands on the edge of the boat, gets a leg over the side and pulls himself onto the deck. He reaches down and helps to drag Neckbone on board. They get to their feet, steadying themselves on the woode deck. It's solid. They take in their new vantage point.
12) 2) dialog: Motor broke off. Ellis isn't concerned with the motor. His eyes are locked a covered cabin at the front of the boat.
12) 5) dialog: Just me and Galen.
12) 7) dialog: He don't care about it.
13) 0) text: Ellis, stooping over, makes his way into the tiny cabin r Yellow floral curtains, stained with age, cover a row of windows that wrap around the top of the cabin. These prov an odd glow in an otherwise dark, wood paneled space. There is a bench with rotted out cushions to the left. To the right, a mold-covered sink and mirror. Neckbone peers over Ellis' shoulder at the front of the c room. A small booth sits to the right across from a miniature toilet partially shielded by an open door.
13) 1) dialog: It's got its own shitbox Neckbone slides back a portion of floral curtain and ligh streams in. He starts opening small closets and drawers. Ellis plops down on the rotted bench cushions.
13) 3) dialog: Ho-Lee-Shit. Neckbone stares in an open drawer. He removes a stack of Playboys from the 1980's. Ellis smiles at him. He leans back and props his foot against the sink cabinet across from him. This is home. Neckbone opens the first Playboy. It disintegrates.
13) 4) dialog: Aw shit. 7.
13) 6) dialog: Her tits are so small. Ellis reaches out and traces his finger in the groove of cross marking. His eyes narrow as he re-surveys the cabin On the table across from the toilet, he notices several e cans of Beanie Weenie. In the booth, he sees a grocery ba Ellis slowly raises up and goes over to it.
13) 8) dialog: Look at that beave. You gotta see this. Ellis reaches out for the plastic bag. His fingers pull b the edges to reveal its contents: one can of unopened Bea Weenie and half a loaf of BREAD.
13) 10) dialog: What?
13) 12) dialog: What? Ellis holds the loaf of bread up to Neckbone.
13) 16) dialog: Shit.
16) 0) text: They launch out of the treeline and sprint to their boat. Neckbone grabs the side and starts pushing the boat to th water. Ellis slings his backpack in and joins him. Suddenly, Ellis straightens up, leaving Neckbone to strug
16) 1) dialog: What are you doing? Ellis stares at a muddy boot print, cross in the heel, stamped in the center of their boat. He looks back to the treeline, then down the shore. He looks to his feet. The boys' shoe prints make chaotic patterns in the mud. Larger boot prints lead off down the shoreline.
16) 2) dialog: What is it?
16) 5) dialog: Shit. Let's go. Ellis begins following the boot prints around the shoreli
16) 6) dialog: We gotta go if you wanna make it back.
16) 11) dialog: Where the hell'd he go?
16) 13) dialog: Shit. You know that guy?
16) 15) dialog: Shit. Mud, not taking his eyes off the boys, slowly reels in hi line. His hair is a wild mop that leads to two weeks of growth on his face. With a cigarette clinched, he cracks a smile revealing a MISSING CANINE. He holds a hand in the air as if to wave.
16) 16) dialog: Shit. Neckbone slowly raises his hand up to wave back. Mud wear jeans and cowboy boots. His filthy button-up shirt looks like it hasn't left his body in years. He breaks his stare with the boys. Continuing to reel in line, he walks over to them.
16) 24) dialog: We found it.
16) 26) dialog: So?
16) 35) dialog: I'm Neckbone, he's Ellis, and mister you may be stone ass crazy but I know you're not the owner of that boat, not for nine tenths of nothin'.
16) 37) dialog: What do you care where we're from?
16) 46) dialog: Ellis. We gotta go.
16) 53) dialog: This guy's a bum Ellis. Come on. Mud's smile vanishes. Neckbone begins to walk off but begrudgingly stops when Ellis starts back in.
16) 57) dialog: He's a bum Ellis, let's go. Mud lays a serious look down on Neckbone.
17) 3) dialog: No! Ellis looks back. Mud has disappeared.
21) 0) text: Neckbone sits on the front steps of his trailer reading a comic book. The muffled sound of the Beach Boys' "Help Me Rhonda" plays off a record inside. Senior's truck pulls away as Ellis walks up the entrance the trailer park. 17.
21) 3) dialog: What book?
21) 5) dialog: Aw, yeah. We gotta give it a minute. You hear that music?
21) 7) dialog: That means he's doin' it. That's his doin' it song. Ellis takes a seat next to Neckbone. They listen to the song, slightly craning their necks to pick up on any othe sounds. There are none.
21) 9) dialog: Whoever's drivin' that white Dodge. Neckbone motions to a beat up Dodge Shadow in the yard.
21) 11) dialog: Nah. You tell anybody?
21) 13) dialog: That guy was crazy.
21) 15) dialog: Well he can swim his ass off that island and get some.
21) 18) dialog: Why? Suddenly, the music from inside stops. Footsteps approach and the trailer door flies open, almost hitting the boys. A GIRL(28) bursts out down the steps, straight to her car She wears tight jean-shorts and is buttoning a white shir She stops and turns back to the boys.
21) 20) dialog: Yeah.
21) 24) dialog: Yeah. The trailer door opens and GALEN(36) emerges. He's a big, lumbering guy wearing a full-body wet suit pulled halfway down. A faded mermaid tattooed in the middle of his chest
21) 32) dialog: Pearls. Galen finds 'em in some of the mussel shells. Most of 'em ain't worth dick, but he likes to make necklaces for the girls. Come on, let's get that book. Neckbone walks into the trailer. Ellis stands up and retrieves the other two pearls out of the dirt. He crams them in his pocket and follows Neckbone inside.
22) 0) text: The trailer is decorated in the filth of a true bachelor Neckbone makes his way to a bedroom. He tosses clothes an trash around to get to what he's looking for. A cardboard box. He pulls the box onto the bed and sifts through.
22) 1) dialog: I don't want you goin' back out there by yourself. That river's scary enough with two people, and I don't trust that guy.
22) 3) dialog: Galen said this really turned things around for him.
23) 1) dialog: You really going back out there? 20.
23) 4) dialog: Well...I'll be over in the mornin' then. Galen, his thumbs tucked under his armpits, walks back to trailer. He passes the boys and notices the self-help boo in Ellis' hands.
23) 7) dialog: I'll call 'fore I come.
28) 0) text: Water laps at the shore of the island. Ellis and Neckbone drag their boat onto the muddy bank.
28) 1) dialog: Where you think he's at?
29) 2) dialog: (looking up to the boat) You think he's up there?
29) 15) dialog: What you got that pistol for? Mud wipes off his chin, realizing the boys have been stud him. He closes the knife and tucks it in his pocket.
29) 25) dialog: Is she hot?
29) 27) dialog: 
29) 31) dialog: That a good luck snake?
29) 33) dialog: I hate snakes.
29) 41) dialog: Thanks. (nods to Mud's tattoo) So what's that for then? Mud walks to a tree branch that has grown out over the ba nearly resting in the water. He sets a trot line from it.
29) 43) dialog: What'd they do?
29) 56) dialog: Here you go, Mud. I think you need that worse than I do.
31) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone sit on the tailgate of Galen's truck. Gary's Electric sign hangs behind them. Neckbone focuses on a carburetor in his hand. Ellis stare across the street at the Piggly Wiggly parking lot where roving GROUP of TEENAGERS have collected for the afternoo The Teenagers are up to their typical gossip and minor offenses. Ellis has zeroed in on May Pearl again.
31) 1) dialog: You start datin' I bet her dad'll give you a free pick-up truck.
31) 3) dialog: What's goin' on? Ellis doesn't turn back. Neckbone reluctantly sets the carburetor down and follows.
32) 20) dialog: Son of a bitch...Ellis? Ellis breaks away from his conversation with May Pearl.
32) 22) dialog: Look. Neckbone nods to a cheap motel called the EXECUTIVE INN located on the opposite side of the Piggly Wiggly parking lot. JUNIPER(35), a truly beautiful woman squeezed into tight jeans and a low cut top, makes her way from the motel par lot to the Piggly Wiggly. She passes in front of the cluster of Teenagers. All of t boys have taken note. Some cat calls from the crowd. Juniper, without facing the Teenagers, gives them the fin
32) 23) dialog: You ever seen that girl before?
32) 36) dialog: Into the Piggly Wiggly. She came from the motel.
32) 38) dialog: I gotta go check on Galen. We'll pick you up out front. Ellis heads for the Piggly Wiggly. Neckbone calls after h
32) 39) dialog: What'd she say?
32) 41) dialog: Shit.
34) 0) text: Neckbone waits at the open passenger door.
34) 1) dialog: Was it her? 32.
34) 4) dialog: 
45) 0) text: Ellis removes branches and readies the flat bottom boat t launch. The sound of Neckbone's bike arrives before he do Neckbone crests the sand covered slope. He dismounts and starts to chain the bike up to a tree trunk.
45) 1) dialog: So what's the big deal?
45) 3) dialog: I knew it! I told you that crazy sonofabitch was trouble. Did they say what he did?
45) 6) dialog: So'd you tell `em where he is?
45) 8) dialog: What?
45) 10) dialog: You think he doesn't know that already? Jesus Ellis, why do you think he's on that island? You don't even know what he's wanted for. Ellis climbs in the boat and Neckbone yanks his shoulder.
45) 11) dialog: Ellis! I'm serious. We don't know who this guy is.
45) 13) dialog: I don't give a shit who he loves. Ellis starts the motor and waits for his friend.
45) 15) dialog: It sounds like a shitload of state troopers think different.
46) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone emerge from the woods at Mud's campsit They scan nearby tree limbs.
46) 1) dialog: No tellin' where the hell he's been sleepin'.
47) 5) dialog: The ones spreadin' your picture all over the place. Stoppin' cars on 165 searchin' for your ass. Mud factors this in and then goes back to writing.
47) 13) dialog: Who'd you kill?
47) 25) dialog: I think you want us to run around, stickin' our necks out, gettin' everything you need, just so you can take our boat. 47.
47) 28) dialog: What do we get out of it?
47) 30) dialog: What about that pistol? Mud eyes the boy, pulling on the nub of cigarette.
47) 33) dialog: What kind is it?
47) 35) dialog: I guess we could work a deal like that. Neckbone steps forward to grab the pistol, but Mud puts i back in his jeans.
47) 37) dialog: All right then. 48.
47) 46) dialog: Don't lose my pistol. They continue down the rope. Mud continues his work.
48) 0) text: Ellis steers to the southern mouth of Shelly's Oxbow, the bend in the river that holds he and Tom Blankenship's houseboats, among others. He grounds the boat just shy of entering the Oxbow and st over Neckbone to hop onto the bank. 49.
48) 3) dialog: I'll watch the boat. Ellis scans the woods that populate the patch of land wed between the river and this short tributary.
48) 4) dialog: Ellis?
48) 6) dialog: Be careful. Galen always said that old man's crazy. Neckbone keeps his seat as Ellis darts into the woods
50) 0) text: Neckbone bounces in the boat as it shifts in the choppy Mississippi water. His eyes are locked on the back of Tom head. Tom rides stone faced in the front. Neckbone turns back to Ellis and raises his eyebrows as i ask, "What's going on?". Ellis shrugs. 51.
51) 6) dialog: You think that's his dad?
51) 15) dialog: They don't look like family. Ellis watches Mud as he gestures and speaks. He seems different. Younger. Mud stops talking. Tom scratches a hand through his white crew cut. He begins pointing a finger at Mud. His face is flushed and the sound of his voice carries to the boys, though still unintelligible.
51) 16) dialog: He's really givin' it to him.
52) 1) dialog: You Mud's daddy?
53) 2) dialog: He loves her. You can tell that much. You gonna take it to her?
53) 4) dialog: I don't know. Could be a lot of trouble. 55.
54) 0) text: Neckbone rides with Ellis on the back of his dirt bike. Cars and Trucks HONK and zip by them. Their speed is topp out at about 15 miles per hour. Mostly a result of the sm 3X4 metal trailer they are towing behind the bike. One of Senior's white fish coolers sits in the trailer.
55) 0) text: Parked in the far corner of the lot, Ellis sits on top of white cooler eyeing the Executive Inn. Neckbone straddles the dirt bike. A handful of cars are parked at the motel; old Honda, a pick-up, and a BLACK LINCOLN.
55) 2) dialog: All right. They each grab an end of the cooler and carry it across t lot toward a flight of stairs.
56) 12) dialog: We're just selling fish! Carver sizes things up. It takes a moment, but he settles He snorts out a laugh and drops Ellis on the ground. Carver turns his attention back to Juniper, who is huddle in the corner of the motel. Carver walks over to her. Opening a good-sized knife, he gets down in her face and holds the blade uncomfortably close to her cheek.
56) 16) dialog: You all right?
56) 18) dialog: He popped your eye. Ellis holds the back of his hand up to his eye which has begun to swell. The cut trickles blood over his cheekbone Juniper moves to the sink. Ellis sits up, staring at her back. 58.
56) 26) dialog: Yeah we met him. Juniper takes the bag. She removes the letter and takes a seat on the edge of the bed to read it. Ellis watches her eyes move along the paper. She smiles, which makes Ellis smile. After a moment, she folds it up.
56) 29) dialog: Yeah, we read it. Juniper raises her eyebrows at Neckbone.
56) 43) dialog: We gotta go. Ellis turns and grabs one end of the cooler. Neckbone sla back the security latch and opens the door with his free hand. They walk out.
57) 2) dialog: Let's go hard on. He and Ellis wrangle the cooler down the steps. The sun s while they were inside. A blue hue hangs over everything.
59) 2) dialog: We've got more, but no motor. 62.
59) 8) dialog: Ellis rushed him. Got smacked for it.
59) 20) dialog: More what? Mud gathers the supplies and heads to the treeline. The boys, with their hands full, follow him.
61) 0) text: Mud stands with Ellis and Neckbone on the deck of the boa He holds a pulley in one hand and a length of rope in the other. He stares up into the trees. 64.
61) 7) dialog: What's so special `bout that shirt you'd lose your pistol for it?
61) 9) dialog: He said he wasn't your daddy.
61) 11) dialog: I never met my parents.
61) 13) dialog: My uncle Galen tells me things about `em. He's the one that takes care of me.
62) 0) text: Mud hangs off the tree fifteen feet up by a piece of rope tied around his waist. A series of ropes and pulleys crisscross from the boat to the trees. Neckbone and Ellis stand on the ground staring up at him. Mud holds a chainsaw and seems to be hesitating.
62) 1) dialog: Well if you're gonna do it do it! Mud takes a deep breath and yanks the cord. Angled on one the main branches holding up the boat, Mud begins cutting Ellis and Neckbone step further and further back as they watch the chainsaw work through the thick limb. Suddenly, the chainsaw stops. A deep CRACKING sound. The huge branch SNAPS, tumbling off lower limbs before crashi to the ground. Mud holds onto the trunk for dear life. The branch now rests on the ground, SILENCE. The ropes an pulleys hang taught, squeaking from the weight of the boa Mud slowly lifts his head up. He smiles at what he sees. The rigging has held.
62) 3) dialog: This shit is crazy. 66.
71) 0) text: A small air compressor chugs as Neckbone stands in the mi of Galen's boat pulling in the heavy rope. At the end, th net bulging with mussel shells appears. He manages to roll the heavy load into the boat before mo over to a crank handle that feeds another line. After several cranks, Galen's steel helmet breaches the surface. He places his hands on the edge of the boat as Neckbone removes the barbell weights. The weight removed, Neckbone takes off the helmet. Galen pulls himself into the boat, out of breath.
71) 2) dialog: That's a good haul.
71) 5) dialog: Yeah.
71) 7) dialog: Tell you what?
71) 10) dialog: I can tell you this helmet smells like my duck butter.
75) 0) text: A tarp is thrown back from a rusting boat trailer. Ellis and Neckbone stand by the trailer looking less than thrilled. It's covered in junk and debris.
75) 1) dialog: You touch her breast?
75) 3) dialog: That's great man.
75) 6) dialog: It's welded. We'd just tear it up. What if we float it out?
75) 8) dialog: Come on. Neckbone walks to the trailer. Ellis follows.
76) 1) dialog: Jesus! They squint and shield their eyes. The light shuts off as quickly as it came on. Galen stand in front of them wearing his wet suit. The bar with the flood lights attached sits across his shoulders. The boys rub their eyeballs, seeing spots. Galen shuffles over to the couch holding a marine battery connected to t lights. He labors to take a seat.
76) 4) dialog: That's real good Galen.
76) 18) dialog: We got stuff to do.
77) 0) text: Galen pumps it up inside as Neckbone and Ellis walk to th boat trailer. Neckbone pulls a handful of long zip ties f his back pocket.
77) 1) dialog: What were ya'll talkin' about?
78) 7) dialog: There's a motor in the scrap yard might work.
78) 9) dialog: I can get it runnin'. Tell him Ellis.
78) 14) dialog: It's been there for months. Nobody's even gonna know it's gone. Ellis hesitates. He looks to Mud.
79) 0) text: The supermarket is busy. Ellis stands at a pay phone out front as Neckbone kicks a vending machine nearby. Ellis looks at Juniper's motel. He scans the Piggly Wiggl parking lot and spots Carver's black Lincoln. Ellis picks the phone and deposits some change. He dials.
80) 0) text: Ellis turns and watches May Pearl push a cart in the park lot with her family. Neckbone bangs at the Coke machine.
80) 1) dialog: How'd it go?
80) 5) dialog: Gimme a quarter. This shit took mine. Ellis watches May Pearl entering the grocery store. He ca out with a wave.
80) 8) dialog: It's all right man. She's with her family. Come on. I wanna get that motor before dark. They head to the dirt bike.
80) 15) dialog: That'd bout do it.
81) 0) text: Neckbone pulls back a loose section of chain-link fence surrounding the marine junkyard. Ellis crouches through.
81) 2) dialog: Jesus that's heavy. The boys get on either side of the motor and begin half- dragging it back to the fence line.
82) 0) text: Ellis walks onto the houseboat as the sound of Neckbone's bike fades in the trees. He stops, noticing a PAPER BAG sitting on the water's edge of the boat. He goes over to He opens the sack and takes a quick inventory. A loaf of bread, potted meats, a bottle of Jack Daniels, a roll of cash, and an Arkansas boat tag. Ellis looks around, no one. He looks over to Tom's boat. It's dark. Ellis scoops up the sack and heads inside.
83) 0) text: The digital wristwatch changes from "4:59" to "5:00". Neckbone sits on his bike parked near the vending machine the Piggly Wiggly. Ellis, on the payphone, scans the park lot. No sign of Carver's Lincoln. No other Bounty Hunters
83) 1) dialog: Where are those bastards? 85.
83) 5) dialog: What do you wanna do?
84) 3) dialog: Shit. Was she there?
85) 0) text: The MOTEL CLERK(29) doesn't look up from his issue of Lowrider as Ellis and Neckbone enter.
86) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone pull into the gravel lot in front of a roadside bar. The cinder block building sits by itself ju off the highway. Cars and motorcycles fill the lot.
86) 1) dialog: You think this is it?
87) 0) text: The small bar is loud and crowded. Shoulder to shoulder PATRONS bump against one another as MUSIC blares. Neckbone and Ellis press through the crowd searching for Juniper. They are a good foot shorter than anyone else. Ellis notices a man at the bar. It's Miller, the bounty hunter from King's motel. He's staring at something acros the room. Ellis follows his line of sight. The crowd weaves in front of him, but then he sees her. Juniper leans against a pool table at the far end of the A GUY(32) whispers in her ear and kisses her neck. She throws her head back, laughing. Ellis watches in disbelie Nearby, the BARTENDER(46) fills a customer's shot glass. two underage kids catch his attention. 87.
88) 0) text: The Bartender flings Ellis and Neckbone into the parking Neckbone slides on the loose gravel.
88) 4) dialog: Thanks a lot asshole!
88) 6) dialog: I'll take you home.
89) 2) dialog: What're you gonna tell him?
91) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone motor away from the island in the flat bottom boat. They look back at the shore.
91) 2) dialog: I doubt it! Neckbone sees Ellis' concern.
91) 3) dialog: I'll sleep over at your house tonight! We can check on him first thing tomorrow! Ellis nods. As they head further up river, the island gro smaller, silhouetted by the moonlight.
92) 0) text: Neckbone snores, sprawled out on top of a sleeping bag on floor. Ellis sits up in bed with something on his mind. He gets up and steps gingerly over Neckbone to exit the r
94) 0) text: Charred hunks of driftwood smolder in a ruined pile on th sand. They constitute the remains of a large bonfire. Neckbone and Ellis stare at the ash.
94) 1) dialog: What the hell's all this?
94) 3) dialog: I guess he didn't care about bein' seen. Ellis kicks at one of the burned logs. He bends down and finds the bottle of Jack Daniels, smashed.
96) 18) dialog: You be all right?
96) 20) dialog: He'll be okay.
96) 22) dialog: Don't tump it. Ellis nods. Neckbone walks over to Mud with the toolbox. Letter in hand, Ellis gives a final look toward Mud's lab and walks back into the woods. On his way, he stops to ha Mud's shirt on a tree branch.
103) 0) text: A fire snaps and pops on the riverbank next to Ellis' houseboat. Ellis drags a piece of particle board from a trash pile nearby. He drops the board onto the fire and stands back watch the blaze. Neckbone's bike leans on a tree behind h Senior's truck rattles to a stop in the gravel just down bank. He jumps out of the cab exasperated by the fire his son has started by their home.
106) 0) text: The boat rests on its trailer on the edge of the bank. Mu stands on board looking down at the motor. Neckbone, tool in hand, has his head buried in the motor.
106) 1) dialog: Try it now. Mud turns a switch. No result.
106) 3) dialog: Sonofabitch. Ellis emerges from the treeline. Mud sees him and hops do from the boat. He walks up to him.
106) 12) dialog: Let me talk to him.
107) 0) text: Ellis walks through the woods. Neckbone follows.
107) 1) dialog: Ellis! Ellis, stop for a second! Neckbone watches as Ellis reaches the tree trunk that bri the creek. Ellis steps onto the log, but his muddy shoes miss a step. He SLIPS. Neckbone sees Ellis disappear down into the creek bed.
107) 2) dialog: 
108) 3) dialog: 
108) 6) dialog: 
108) 9) dialog: 
109) 0) text: Mud streaks through the woods as he gets his other arm through the shirt sleeve. He reaches the creek. Without hesitating, Mud leaps down into the water, scoops Ellis into his arms and scales up the opposite side of th creek bed. Mud sprints for the north side of the island. Neckbone chases after them.
110) 0) text: Mud cradles Ellis in his arms as he rushes to the flat-bo boat. He sets Ellis gently inside. Neckbone on his heels. Mud shoves the boat into the water and hops in. Neckbone wades out and crawls up the side of the boat.
110) 2) dialog: IS HE OKAY?! Is he bit?! Mud notices Ellis' jeans leg riding up. He pulls the jean back. A BITE in the middle of his calf. It's a bluish bruise with two distinct red dots. The skin around the bi has already begun to swell.
110) 9) dialog: It's four eighteen! Mud draws a line on Ellis' leg just above the swollen bit He writes, "418".
110) 11) dialog: Is he gonna be okay?!
110) 13) dialog: Yeah!
110) 15) dialog: Yeah!
110) 17) dialog: Are you bit?! Mud shakes his head.
111) 0) text: The flat bottom boat approaches the riverbank. Neckbone points to the sandy ridge and yells up to Mud.
111) 1) dialog: My bike should be just over that ridge! Mud looks at Ellis' leg. The swelling has crept up his thigh. Black lines with numbers mark its progress: "428, 438, 448". Ellis' face has taken on a blue tint. 108.
121) 0) text: Mud and Neckbone shove against the back of the boat trail The wheels of the trailer rock at the edge of the bank's incline. Sheets of metal roofing taken from the shack Ell and Neckbone dismantled line a runway into the water. 113.
121) 5) dialog: It ain't sunk yet. Mud smiles. He holds out his hand, which Neckbone slaps.
121) 6) dialog: I wish Ellis could see it.
121) 9) dialog: Where the bullets?
121) 11) dialog: Shit. Neckbone begrudgingly crams the pistol into the back of h pants.
122) 0) text: Water gently laps at the side of Ellis' houseboat. The ba is quiet. From the darkness, Neckbone and Mud appear in the flat-bo boat. They paddle with their hands. Approaching in silenc
124) 0) text: Neckbone sits in the flat-bottom tied off at the corner.
126) 0) text: Mud crashes headfirst onto the edge of the houseboat gras for anything to keep from sliding off. His hand catches a metal deck cleat. It bends under his weight but holds. Mud gets to his feet and is met by the tip of a rifle. Miller, the man from the cafe, stands poised to fire. Mud's hand slips to the back of his pants for his pistol. NOTHING. He looks to the flat-bottom tied at the far edge the boat. No sign of Neckbone. Miller's finger curls around the trigger. SUDDENLY, a BULLET snicks through Miller's neck. Mud flinches. Miller's hand comes up to his neck but can' hold the blood running from it. He topples into the water
138) 2) dialog: Hey.
138) 4) dialog: Mud dinged the shit out of it. Neckbone takes a seat next to Ellis. They watch the worke
138) 5) dialog: They're really doin' it.
138) 7) dialog: It's bullshit. They ever find Tom? The boys focus on Tom Blankenship's boat across the bayou It sits vacant, covered in police tape.
138) 9) dialog: Your dad not here? 124.
138) 12) dialog: Heard on the news. They still hadn't found Mud's body. Ellis nods.
138) 13) dialog: You think he's dead?
138) 16) dialog: All right. Neckbone watches Ellis climb into the bed of the pick-up take his spot on the coolers. The sound of twisting metal shifts his attention back to the houseboat being swung ov flatbed semi.