2) 0) text: MARY LEE(41) takes a jug of milk out of the refrigerator. SENIOR(52) sits at a small table reading a newspaper. The mobile home kitchenette is no larger than Ellis' room.
18) 0) text: Senior heaves an enormous, white cooler into the bed of h weathered pick-up truck. The truck is parked at an angle on a concrete boat ramp n to their houseboat. The bed of the truck is jam-packed wi six of the big, white coolers. The SOUND of a dirt bike rattles through the trees. Senio looks up, wiping his brow with a handkerchief. Ellis leaps out of the treeline and runs to the pick-up. hands hit his knees, out of breath.
18) 2) dialog: Where you been?
18) 4) dialog: You're s'posed to be helpin' me. I had to load this myself.
18) 6) dialog: Just get in the back. Can't be later than we are.
20) 0) text: Ellis sits in the bed of the truck eating a chili dog. Senior is up front wolfing down a cheeseburger. A GROUP of TEENAGERS are gathered around a CLUSTER of par cars in the corner of the lot. They meander between the vehicles, smoking, gossiping, passing around a bottle of Boone's Farm. Ellis watches them. MAY PEARL(16) appears in the middle of the Group laughing with her GIRLFRIENDS. She's pretty and physically more mature looking than Ellis. He watches as a SKINNY KID takes his ballcap off and puts on May Pearl's head. She sniffs the cap, gags and tosses back at him. Her friends laugh.
20) 1) dialog: Let's go son. Ellis crumples the wrapper to his finished hotdog and jum down from the bed of the truck.
20) 5) dialog: It's ten you do your share. I loaded this mornin'. That makes it five. Ellis begrudgingly stuffs the five in his jeans.
20) 7) dialog: Hadn't you seen enougha him today?
20) 9) dialog: You see anymore Ding Dongs over there? Ellis checks under his seat and pulls out a half-empty bo Ding Dongs. Hands one over to his father who rips the package with his teeth.
20) 11) dialog: What?
20) 13) dialog: You spy on me in my own house?
20) 15) dialog: That's your mother's business. Senior makes this his answer, eats the Ding Dong.
21) 0) text: Neckbone sits on the front steps of his trailer reading a comic book. The muffled sound of the Beach Boys' "Help Me Rhonda" plays off a record inside. Senior's truck pulls away as Ellis walks up the entrance the trailer park. 17.
25) 0) text: Mary Lee flinches when she sees Ellis come through the do Her face is flushed. Senior stands toe to toe with her. They stare at Ellis, who has paused in the doorway. He doesn't say anything, just looks curiously at his parents Senior storms past Ellis and is out the door. Ellis steps further into the den. Mary Lee tries to straighten herself, patting down her hair and dabbing at eyes with the back of her hand.
27) 0) text: Ellis watches Tom Blankenship from across the bayou. Tom' boat sits directly opposite Ellis', separated by 30 yards muddy brown water. Ellis leans against a post under the carport. His backpac resting at his feet, he holds the Walkie-Talkie in his ha Senior works behind him washing utensils in the outdoor s 22.
27) 3) dialog: What? Senior doesn't turn around from his work at the sink.
27) 5) dialog: Why?
27) 7) dialog: Some people move to this river to work on it, and some move here to be left alone. Senior makes his way to the ice machine and begins scoopi ice into a large white cooler. Mary Lee emerges from the houseboat dressed for work, a secretarial job. Senior stops what he's doing to watch he She walks over to Ellis.
35) 3) dialog: I ain't hidin'. He notices Senior tip back a pint of liquor and set it at feet. Ellis opens the screen door leading inside.
35) 4) dialog: Come over here. Ellis lets the door fall shut and skulks over to a beam t supports the carport. He leans into it.
35) 5) dialog: You know I love you?
35) 7) dialog: I work you hard 'cause life is work. You know that?
35) 9) dialog: Your Mamma's been talkin' 'bout movin' in town.
35) 12) dialog: She seems set on it. Wants to separate. She may ask me for a divorce. This hits Ellis like a ton of bricks. He rights himself.
35) 14) dialog: It means enjoy the river son. Enjoy it while you live on it, 'cause this way a life isn't long for this world. Game and fish's 'bout made certain of that.
35) 16) dialog: The houseboat's in your mother's name. Her daddy give it to her not me. If she wants to leave it, Game and Fish has ever' right to take this boat apart board by board.
35) 18) dialog: Like I said, this is your mother's business.
35) 20) dialog: I've let you down. A man should be in charge of his own affairs, but I haven't worked it like that.
35) 22) dialog: I don't know about that anymore. 34.
35) 24) dialog: Ellis? He stops and turns back to his father. Senior tries to express a sentiment he doesn't have the words for. Ellis continues inside.
54) 0) text: Neckbone rides with Ellis on the back of his dirt bike. Cars and Trucks HONK and zip by them. Their speed is topp out at about 15 miles per hour. Mostly a result of the sm 3X4 metal trailer they are towing behind the bike. One of Senior's white fish coolers sits in the trailer.
72) 0) text: Ellis holds a wrought iron door open with his backside as ELDERLY WOMAN takes the paper bag of fish from his hands. Ellis walks back to the truck. Senior watches him, lookin at the black eye.
72) 2) dialog: Where'd you get that black eye?
72) 4) dialog: What you fightin' for?
72) 6) dialog: What girl?
72) 8) dialog: You got a girlfriend?
72) 10) dialog: When'd that happen?
72) 12) dialog: You seen your mother today?
72) 14) dialog: You not talkin' to me? 76.
72) 17) dialog: Well, that's your mother. Would rather tongue lash a problem than step up and handle it. You'll see one day. Women are tough. They'll set you up for things. You can't trust love, Ellis. If you're not careful, it'll run out on you. You just gotta pick a woman and roll the dice. Hope you don't wake up in fifteen years hatin' each other. Ellis keeps staring out the window as they pull into the parking lot of the Catfish Parlour Restaurant.
93) 3) dialog: 
93) 5) dialog: What the hell have you been doing?
93) 8) dialog: She slaps at her husband's arms and back. He swats her aw
93) 9) dialog: You tell her. You tell her what you've been up to.
93) 12) dialog: J.J. Crawford said a boat motor went missin' from his stock yard. Said his daughter saw this one and his friend haulin' it off. This makes Mary Lee pause.
93) 13) dialog: Now you tell me right now, did you steal that motor? 92.
93) 16) dialog: Lie to me again.
93) 19) dialog: You tell me I raised a thief?
93) 21) dialog: You take property that's not yours. Property that belongs to another man. That junk is his livelihood. I'm ashamed of you. Ellis drops his head. His face flushed.
93) 23) dialog: (to Mary Lee) Shut your mouth. You think you can take things and not have him see it? Neither one of you has any respect for a man's livelihood. A life that puts clothes on your back and food in your stomach.
93) 25) dialog: Don't tell me what I know. If you can steal a man's life out from under him in front of your son and think he won't take a lesson from it than you're even dumber than you look.
93) 28) dialog: She's raisin' you a snake like herself, and you can curl up with her `fore I give a damn. You just remember this when you watch them rip this house apart board by board. You Hear Me! Mary Lee slaps Senior hard. He turns to her, saying nothi
93) 32) dialog: I don't care what you do Ellis. Senior retreats to the bedroom. Ellis is left alone in th wake. He looks to his room. The door opens slightly and Neckbon takes a step out. Neckbone doesn't say anything. He just bites at his lip, sympathy for his friend. 94.
103) 0) text: A fire snaps and pops on the riverbank next to Ellis' houseboat. Ellis drags a piece of particle board from a trash pile nearby. He drops the board onto the fire and stands back watch the blaze. Neckbone's bike leans on a tree behind h Senior's truck rattles to a stop in the gravel just down bank. He jumps out of the cab exasperated by the fire his son has started by their home.
103) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doin'?! Ellis says nothing. He doesn't move. Senior, continuing t yell, runs and drags a hose up from the houseboat.
103) 2) dialog: Ellis dammit! What the hell's wrong with you?! The fire hisses as Senior turns the hose on it.
103) 3) dialog: Ellis? Look at me. Ellis finally looks up at his father. A phone RINGS from inside the houseboat. Senior holds the hose in front of h
103) 4) dialog: Take it. Put this damn thing out. 103.
120) 4) dialog: You had us scared son. Senior steps forward and kisses Ellis on the forehead. Staying close to his face.
120) 5) dialog: 
120) 13) dialog: Come on. Let's let him rest. Mary Lee touches Senior's hand on her shoulder. She stand
125) 23) dialog: 
135) 16) dialog: 
135) 18) dialog: It's okay. It's okay. The two sit alone on the edge of the houseboat. The river seems especially quiet now.
140) 4) dialog: Yeah. Ellis begins to get out but stops when Senior speaks.
140) 5) dialog: Ellis? You mind your mother okay? This is a big change for her. She needs your support.
140) 7) dialog: All right. I love you.