26) 0) text: Hands pump the stock of a high-powered pellet gun. TOM BLANKENSHIP(67), white hair cut high and tight wearin short-sleeve button up, takes careful aim with the pellet gun. Tom sits in a lawn chair atop the roof of his houseboat. squeezes his left eye shut. A snake's head pokes out of the water about 15 yards off boat. The head makes for a target no bigger than a thumb. Tom's left eye snaps open and he fires. The pellet rips through the snake's head. Its body floats to the surface. Tom takes account of his shot as he pumps the air rifle. scans the water for more targets.
27) 0) text: Ellis watches Tom Blankenship from across the bayou. Tom' boat sits directly opposite Ellis', separated by 30 yards muddy brown water. Ellis leans against a post under the carport. His backpac resting at his feet, he holds the Walkie-Talkie in his ha Senior works behind him washing utensils in the outdoor s 22.
45) 0) text: Ellis removes branches and readies the flat bottom boat t launch. The sound of Neckbone's bike arrives before he do Neckbone crests the sand covered slope. He dismounts and starts to chain the bike up to a tree trunk.
48) 0) text: Ellis steers to the southern mouth of Shelly's Oxbow, the bend in the river that holds he and Tom Blankenship's houseboats, among others. He grounds the boat just shy of entering the Oxbow and st over Neckbone to hop onto the bank. 49.
49) 0) text: Ellis prowls around the small pine trees and bushes. He pauses, seeing the entrance to Tom Blankenship's boat. Something moves on the houseboat. Ellis hunkers down behi a bush. He sees Tom wrapping cable onto a metal spool. Ellis is nervous. He checks over his shoulder, nothing bu woods. When he looks back to the boat, Tom is gone. In a crouch, Ellis moves closer. Taking a deep breath, Ellis steps out from the cover of t pine trees and heads up a walkway that leads onboard.
49) 2) dialog: You deaf boy? I said why're you huntin' me?
49) 4) dialog: What's your business here?
49) 7) dialog: You're Senior's boy.
49) 9) dialog: What you got to say he can't tell me himself? Tom, rusty on pleasantries, brushes past Ellis as he head inside the boat.
49) 13) dialog: Mud sent you.
49) 15) dialog: What do you know about it?
49) 17) dialog: Your daddy know this?
49) 19) dialog: Where is he?
50) 0) text: Neckbone bounces in the boat as it shifts in the choppy Mississippi water. His eyes are locked on the back of Tom head. Tom rides stone faced in the front. Neckbone turns back to Ellis and raises his eyebrows as i ask, "What's going on?". Ellis shrugs. 51.
51) 0) text: Ellis runs the boat on shore. Tom splashes into the ankle deep water and helps the boys drag it onto the bank. Ellis takes the lead, walking ahead and scanning the treeline. Mud steps out, just past the shadow of the wood Ellis turns to Tom and points.
51) 3) dialog: Mud.
51) 9) dialog: Where is she?
51) 11) dialog: Why you out here like this?
51) 18) dialog: You've spent your whole life followin' that girl! She's run you halfway cross the country and back, and for what? For this, left out on an island beggin' for help. A murderer. A thief.
51) 20) dialog: What would you call it then? Don't even mention draggin' those boys into this. Do you have any idea what you're doin'? Waits for a response, but Mud gives none.
51) 21) dialog: I'm ashamed of you. Mud looks up at him.
51) 22) dialog: Don't expect help from me. There's none to be given.
51) 25) dialog: I'm ready. Tom shoves the boat back into the water. Neckbone helps h Ellis looks back at Mud, who still hasn't moved from his stump. He goes to him. Tom sees this and stops pushing.
51) 26) dialog: 
52) 2) dialog: Mud didn't have no daddy. No mother I ever knew of. He was livin' in the woods when I met him. Younger than you are now. Tom doesn't offer anymore. Neckbone thinks on his answer. Ellis kills the engine near the mouth of Shelly's Oxbow. jumps down into the knee deep river and wades onto shore. turns back to the boys.
52) 3) dialog: Ya'll need to watch yourselves. Don't go gettin' into something you don't have any business in. Mud's into something you don't want any part of. I suggest you forget about him. Ellis and Neckbone don't respond. Tom, with a final admonishing look, disappears into the woods. Ellis cranks the motor and points the boat up river.
66) 0) text: Morning fog sits on top of the water around Ellis' houseb Ellis steps outside and makes his way to the ice machine. loud WHISTLE comes from across the oxbow. Ellis walks to edge of the garage. A75 He sees Tom Blankenship seated on the roof of his hou He motions Ellis over. Ellis watches him, unsure of what to do. Another WHISTLE. Tom motions to him again. Ellis looks back at the house. sign of his parents. He shoots a glance back at Tom.
67) 0) text: Ellis bumps his father's boat against the side of Tom's houseboat. He steps up onto the deck and ties off. Tom, down from the roof, stands by his front door.
67) 1) dialog: You want some coffee? Tom disappears inside.
68) 0) text: This houseboat, although similar in size, is different th Ellis'. It's an actual wood shack that has been construct atop a barge. Ellis looks at photos, books and memorabilia that cram th walls and shelves. It feels homey. Tom, his back to the boy, stands in the kitchen area pour a cup of coffee.
68) 1) dialog: You been seein' Mud?
68) 4) dialog: You don't have to lie to me boy. He hands Ellis a cup of coffee with a cartoon image of a on it. It reads, "I'm a real bitch in the morning!" Tom sits in a LazyBoy that he gently rocks in.
68) 5) dialog: I've seen you runnin' around. Takin' things. He all right?
68) 7) dialog: He get that boat down? Ellis nods. There is an awkward moment.
68) 10) dialog: How long have you known Mud?
68) 12) dialog: Well that's long enough to know he's full of shit.
68) 14) dialog: I was a sharpshooter in the army. In Mud's world, that makes me an assassin. Not exactly true, right?
68) 17) dialog: You think he's a bad ass don't you?
68) 19) dialog: You know why he's stuck out on that island?
68) 22) dialog: He tell you why he shot that man?
68) 24) dialog: Right. The real reason Mud's in the trouble he's got is because of her. He's been in love with that girl since he was your age. They used to run all around here and it was the same back then. He'd follow that girl wherever she led him. Problem is she don't care about nobody but herself. I've told him as much. She'd bed down with the meanest snake she could find, then when things went bad she'd go runnin' to Mud. Mud would take her back, then go find whatever unlucky sonofabitch last put a hand on her and beat `em `til they knew to never touch her again. And this time I guess he thought a beating wasn't good enough. Had to shoot that fella. I don't know for sure, but I'd put money on Juniper knowin' he'd do it. And I have a suspicion she might of even told him to. Either way, those two are set for failure. Only chance Mud has is to cut her loose. Cause I'll tell you what, Mud's no bad ass. He's runnin' scared. Ellis can't look Tom in the eye, he's offended by the old man's remarks. Ellis sets the coffee cup on the desk.
69) 0) text: Ellis stomps out of the trees and is struck by the new position of the boat. It hangs three feet off the ground; SUSPENDED in dry dock. A clear-cut path of trees leads of toward the island's southern shore. Beside the boat, remnants of a giant fire smolder. Ellis surveys the MOUND OF ASH.
82) 0) text: Ellis walks onto the houseboat as the sound of Neckbone's bike fades in the trees. He stops, noticing a PAPER BAG sitting on the water's edge of the boat. He goes over to He opens the sack and takes a quick inventory. A loaf of bread, potted meats, a bottle of Jack Daniels, a roll of cash, and an Arkansas boat tag. Ellis looks around, no one. He looks over to Tom's boat. It's dark. Ellis scoops up the sack and heads inside.
87) 0) text: The small bar is loud and crowded. Shoulder to shoulder PATRONS bump against one another as MUSIC blares. Neckbone and Ellis press through the crowd searching for Juniper. They are a good foot shorter than anyone else. Ellis notices a man at the bar. It's Miller, the bounty hunter from King's motel. He's staring at something acros the room. Ellis follows his line of sight. The crowd weaves in front of him, but then he sees her. Juniper leans against a pool table at the far end of the A GUY(32) whispers in her ear and kisses her neck. She throws her head back, laughing. Ellis watches in disbelie Nearby, the BARTENDER(46) fills a customer's shot glass. two underage kids catch his attention. 87.
91) 0) text: Ellis and Neckbone motor away from the island in the flat bottom boat. They look back at the shore.
97) 0) text: Ellis rides in the flat bottom boat alone. He stares at t letter in his hand.
98) 0) text: Ellis sits on the dirt bike. He scans the parking lot. No black Lincoln. His eyes stop on a green pick-up. Miller, sits inside. Ellis looks around and finds a pay phone nearby. He gets the bike and walks toward it. Ellis removes the flier Car gave him. He dials a phone number copied at the bottom.
104) 0) text: Ellis grounds the flat-bottom on shore and jumps out.
105) 0) text: Ellis thrashes through the woods. His muddy feet stomp across the fallen tree trunk that bridges the creek. 104.
111) 0) text: The flat bottom boat approaches the riverbank. Neckbone points to the sandy ridge and yells up to Mud.
113) 0) text: A MALE NURSE(36) wheels an ELDERLY MAN through the slidin double front doors of a small clinic. Mud appears around the corner. The bike speeding toward t entrance. In a fluid motion, Mud takes Ellis in his arms and lifts leg over the bike. The bike tilts and slides across the pavement, smacking solidly into the curb. Mud has managed to stay on his feet with the boy in his a and rushes through the automatic front doors.
124) 0) text: Neckbone sits in the flat-bottom tied off at the corner.
126) 0) text: Mud crashes headfirst onto the edge of the houseboat gras for anything to keep from sliding off. His hand catches a metal deck cleat. It bends under his weight but holds. Mud gets to his feet and is met by the tip of a rifle. Miller, the man from the cafe, stands poised to fire. Mud's hand slips to the back of his pants for his pistol. NOTHING. He looks to the flat-bottom tied at the far edge the boat. No sign of Neckbone. Miller's finger curls around the trigger. SUDDENLY, a BULLET snicks through Miller's neck. Mud flinches. Miller's hand comes up to his neck but can' hold the blood running from it. He topples into the water
127) 0) text: Tom Blankenship sits in the folding chair on the roof of houseboat. He shucks an empty shell from a HIGH-POWERED RIFLE complete with scope. The long suitcase from the pho in Tom's house sits open at his feet. It has compartments for the disassembled rifle. Tom quickly raises to a new firing position. He squints a eye, searching for another target. A141 From this vantage point, Ellis' houseboat is clearly
129) 0) text: Mud rushes to untie the flat-bottom. 118.
133) 0) text: Tom scans Ellis' boat through the scope on his rifle. He sees Carver creeping around the carport. He pans right to find James taking a position near the patio doors. Tom pauses, seeing Ellis appear at the corner of the boat just behind James.
135) 9) dialog: 
137) 0) text: It's dark on the river. Moonlight barely shows the ripple in the slow moving current. MUSIC from a country station slips out across the surface of the water. Galen's jambox sits next to a small lantern in his flat- bottom boat. His Helper snores, fully reclined, with an empty can of Budweiser resting on his gut. His feet are propped next to a tiny bell rigged to a line that disappears into the water. The bell RINGS.
141) 3) dialog: Come on son. You need to see this. Mud, groggy, raises up. Tom helps him to his feet, puttin an arm over his shoulders. Tom practically carries Mud outside.