11) 0) text: Broughton walks off the Pan Am flight and towards the passport control kiosks. She hands the West German PASSPO OFFICER her UK passport. He looks at the passport photo a then to Broughton. He flips through the pages with scruti gives her another look and then stamps her passport and w her through. We follow Broughton into the uncluttered airport terminal loose crowd waits for the arriving international traveler From this crowd, a GENTLEMAN steps forward, all business, extends his hand.
11) 1) dialog: Ms. Lloyd? Broughton slows to a stop. The Gentleman’s British accent good, perhaps too good. GENTLEMAN (CONT’D) Mr. Perceval was running late. He sent me to pick you up. Broughton scans the terminal then looks back to the Gentleman. GENTLEMAN (CONT’D) Checked bags?
11) 3) dialog: Please, follow me.
13) 0) text: A forest green BMW 2002 sedan is isolated at the end of t parking lot. The Gentleman and Broughton climb in.
14) 0) text: The Gentleman pulls out of the airport parking lot and on the main route. They drive in silence. Broughton looks into her side mirror and notices a Saab 9 Turbo tailing them.
14) 1) dialog: Well... it’s a remarkable time to be in Berlin.
14) 3) dialog: The music, nightlife and great restaurants.
14) 5) dialog: For the beautiful people, go to the Palm for a drink. Broughton looks back to the mirror. The Saab speeds up be them and taps the BMW 2002 in a perfect PIT maneuver. Broughton quickly buckles her seat belt. The Gentleman is busy controlling the car to notice Broughton reach across depress the button to his seat belt. The BMW spins off th road, and Broughton braces for impact. The BMW slams into a metal guard rail. The WINDSHIELD SHATTERS, and the Gentleman is ejected onto the hood. Broughton relaxes and looks out at the bloody and moaning body of her driver. A figure drags the Gentleman off the and onto the frozen ground. We see Perceval look back thr the shattered glass at Broughton.
19) 2) dialog: (in Russian) I believe so. 29. Bremovych pauses for a moment and looks at the swollen fa and black eye of the driver.
19) 4) dialog: (in Russian) No. The Gentleman opens the side door of a black sedan.