44) 0) text: Broughton moves through the bombed-out neighborhood left from the Second World War. She enters an abandoned buildi on the southwest corner of Arnimplatz. INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - ROOFTOP —- CONTINUOUS Broughton moves up a set of crumbling stairs towards the roof. The Berlin Radio Tower looms close. Broughton steps onto the rooftop. We see the young Bartender from the East German Club sitt in one of two lawn chairs on the roof. His newly-dyed hai and tattoos are visible from under his plain jacket. This is MERKEL.
44) 1) dialog: You're late.
44) 3) dialog: And you were followed.
44) 5) dialog: You're as good as your reputation.
44) 7) dialog: To the right people. 57. Merkel sits in one of the lawn chairs and looks out acros the drab rooftops to the West.
44) 9) dialog: Keep your enemies close. Please have a seat.
44) 11) dialog: The watchmaker told me there has been great interest in the black market over the last few days.
44) 13) dialog: A list... It is the desire of you and every foreign officer.
44) 15) dialog: Some say Bakhtin has it others say he doesn’t.
44) 17) dialog: No one knows. All this talk of Satchel has people nervous on both sides of the wall.
44) 19) dialog: The price will be extremely high.
56) 0) text: Broughton and Perceval descend the stairs to the basement they turn the corner, they find Merkel waiting.
56) 1) dialog: Ms. Lloyd speaks highly of you. Perceval looks to Broughton.
56) 8) dialog: He wasn’t followed. Merkel steps to a small table and rolls out a kitchen tow Inside the towel is a Markov pistol.
56) 9) dialog: Per your request. Broughton chamber-checks the weapon and indexes the trigg perfectly to her hand. Broughton closes her eyes, feels t pistol’s weight, then finally looks down at the crisp pro of the front sight. We have just witnessed flawless muscle memory and Brought mastery of a weapon.
56) 11) dialog: Yes. All the details you requested. I’1l lead you around the corner towards Alexanderplatz and let you handle the crossing.
56) 14) dialog: I wouldn't be caught dead in it, but for him, it’s prefect.
56) 30) dialog: (in German) Show yourself! From the darkness appears a plainly-dressed East German w (HELENA) and a young girl of four years (AUDREY). Merkel looks at the woman and child.
56) 31) dialog: Jordache. Nice touch. Perceval turns to Spyglass. 71.
56) 41) dialog: The protest is coming. Broughton doesn’t look away from Perceval.
57) 0) text: Perceval scans the streets. Merkel hands Broughton an umbrella at the doorway of the abandoned building. Spygla and his family are at his side. We hear the distant CROWD from Alexanderplatz.
57) 1) dialog: Good luck. The PROTESTERS slowly surge around the corner and begin t march past them. Merkel steps into the loud crowd moving the streets. Spyglass kisses his wife and daughter who have tears streaming down their faces.
59) 0) text: Broughton looks to Merkel in the crowd, then lifts her bl umbrella. Merkel nods, and throughout the crowd, dozens o black umbrellas begin to open.
69) 1) dialog: I’m here. Merkel grabs Broughton’s hyperborean body and quickly tos her into the warm car. Merkel speeds away with Broughton the passenger seat.
70) 0) text: Broughton, wrapped in wool blankets, huddles around a coa fire contained in a metal bucket. Merkel sits in the flickering light.
70) 1) dialog: What happened?
70) 3) dialog: You recognized them?
70) 5) dialog: I lost him and Spyglass’s family in the crowd. I am sure they are safe in the West.
70) 7) dialog: And you are alive. Broughton’s still trying to put all the pieces together.
70) 9) dialog: You're a strong woman.
70) 11) dialog: Follow me. Broughton follows Merkel down a faintly-lit hallway. 83.
70) 12) dialog: You must use the old tunnels. Merkel kneels and lifts a false section in the floor, revealing an opening within the tiles. Merkel hands Broug a metal flashlight.
70) 13) dialog: Walk until you see the metal ladder, it will bring out in the West. Broughton lowers herself down into the dark hole and turn the flashlight. INT. EAST BERLIN —- SEWERS - MOMENTS LATER The flashlight’s yellow beam illuminates the damp tunnel. Broughton walks in silence towards West Berlin for severa hundred yards until... We see the beam of her flashlight cut across a dead man’s body. The cold has kept the body preserved with a foxed green h to the skin. Broughton kneels down for a closer look and identifies the face warped by death.
94) 17) dialog: He’s waiting. Broughton walks out of the suite and never looks back.