9) 0) text: SUPER: “EAST BERLIN, NOVEMBER 2, 1989” Perceval slams a empty shot glass of whiskey down on the We hear Public Enemy’s Chuck D coming through the SPEAKER with “Fight the Power.” Drunk East German youth fill the place. It’s a strange mix of punk, hip hop, and anti-East German establishment. Perceval takes some D-marks from a KID for a bottle of Ja Daniels and a old Penthouse magazine. Another East German hands him money, and Perceval hands over a pair of Levi's Perceval has a nice little side business in selling contraband. Cc (V.0.) With no embassy to watch over them, they play by their only rules. Perceval sees a clean-cut East German enter and sit at a quiet table near the bar. 12. This is SPYGLASS. He is the real reason Perceval is in the East. Perceval m across the room and joins him at the table. Perceval hand small brown bag of contraband (canned food, Jack Daniels women’s jeans) to Spyglass.
9) 2) dialog: They are for my wife’s birthday.
9) 4) dialog: Is this a joke?
9) 6) dialog: I gave it to Gascione last night.
9) 9) dialog: I don’t know. I followed all the orders. Look, I was careful. I met Gascione in Friedrichshain. He took the list from me. Spyglass’'s eyes are filling with despair.
9) 10) dialog: I did my part. I have risked everything.... You must to get me and my family across!
9) 12) dialog: Are you going to kill me?
9) 15) dialog: No... I memorized it.
55) 0) text: Broughton and Perceval move through a barren neighborhood quickly enter the door of the abandoned building. From across the street, Spyglass watches their movements apprehension.
56) 12) dialog: I am ready. Broughton turns back to a clean-shaven Spyglass.
56) 16) dialog: I was going to tell him I was sick, but my family and I’ve been in hiding since the other night. Spyglass is about say more when Perceval interrupts.
56) 18) dialog: No.
56) 20) dialog: No. They are all at the demonstration. I checked the work rotations weeks ago. Merkel hands Perceval a forged West German passport. Perc opens the lead page. Spyglass’s new photo is attached and stamped perfectly with the DDR-embossed seal. Perceval ha it to Spyglass.
56) 22) dialog: What is her age? My daughter is four.
56) 24) dialog: Who sends a woman who speaks no German?
56) 27) dialog: I will not be treated like I ama common prisoner. Broughton glances at Perceval and then back to Spyglass.
56) 29) dialog: No!
56) 33) dialog: My family.
56) 35) dialog: Please, you must help us. Broughton looks at Perceval.
56) 37) dialog: Of course we have met.
56) 40) dialog: At a bar in East Berlin. Broughton turns to Perceval, who knows he has been caught hear the CROWDS of demonstrators outside MARCHING.
57) 2) dialog: (in German; to daughter) You must listen to your mother now, and be a brave little girl. Perceval removes a East German Ushanka (fur-lined officer hat) from his overcoat and puts it on his head. Perceval takes off his overcoat to reveal the green uniform and shoulder boards of an East German Oberst (Colonel). Spyglass kisses his wife again. 73.
57) 3) dialog: (in German) You must go with him now.
61) 0) text: On the street, the crowd swells in size and closes the distance to the border laced thick with concertina wire. 74. The EAST GERMAN GUARDS watch the protesters as they advan towards the Oberbaumbriicke checkpoint. Broughton turns to Spyglass as he leans into her.
61) 1) dialog: Ms. Lloyd. Spyglass's face reveals distress as he takes a few weak s and staggers to his knees. We see dark blood soaking down Spyglass’s back as the cro of protesters comes apart. We hear a SHOT ECHO off of the tall buildings.
63) 0) text: Across the street, Broughton pulls Spyglass behind a park car to safety.
63) 1) dialog: I’ve been shot.
63) 3) dialog: I don’t want to die. Broughton slaps Spyglass’s face as hard as she can to get complete attention.
63) 5) dialog: I will not die... I will not die...
63) 7) dialog: Direct pressure... I will not die... Direct pressure...
63) 9) dialog: If I must. Broughton grabs Spyglass, and they sprint across the stre towards the base of the Sniper’s building.
65) 0) text: Broughton and Spyglass enter the lobby. 76.
66) 0) text: Broughton and Spyglass move down the street littered with black umbrellas.
66) 1) dialog: I can't.
66) 6) dialog: How can you be so confident?
67) 2) dialog: We'll never... make it.
67) 4) dialog: My foot is trapped. Spyglass pulls at his trapped leg.
67) 6) dialog: The last thing I am told can’t be another lie. Spyglass’'s eyes are pure and without fear. The water fil to both of their shoulders. Spyglass grabs Broughton’s ha
67) 7) dialog: My wife, Helena, and daughter, Audrey -- tell them I love them. Promise me. Broughton nods as the water reaches their necks.
67) 9) dialog: Go... Save yourself. They each take one last breath as the cold water covers t Broughton holds onto Spyglass’s hand until his body convu and relaxes in death. The tiny sedan twists in the river’s current. Broughton pushes the car door open. She glances back at Spyglass’s lifeless body and then never looks back again... Broughton swims underwater through the wintry river. She doesn’t have much time.
71) 0) text: SUPER: “NOVEMBER 8, 1989” Broughton, wrapped in a towel, sits on the edge of her be staring at the wall. Broughton’s emotions are just below surface of her face. She replays every detail in her mind Crossing over. The family. The snipers. How did the KGB know? The car flooding with water. Spyglass’s death. 84. How did the KGB know? Suddenly, Broughton stands and moves through the room. Sh takes apart the phone. Nothing. She looks in the lamps. Nothing. Under the beds. Nothing. Window sills. Nothing. Doors. Nothing. She searches for the device. Then, from across the room, she sees her coat, still damp from the S River. Broughton inspects the buttons, pockets, and liner. She f along the collar and pulls a tiny UHF device and hard wir out of the coat. We hear POUNDING on her hotel door.