18) 2) text: That's nice. Johnson turns away.  His daughter ALICE shows up at the d slinking warily by her father.  In a definite contrast to Kristen's easy beauty, Alice is not especially well put  together.  And yet there's something about this shy-looki girl that suggests that she might be incredibly attractiv she had any confidence. 
18) 3) dialog: (low)
18) 4) text: Hi, Kristen...Rick'll be out any second. Kristen looks in the doorway at Johnson who is holding a  tomato-juice and spices hangover delight.  Kristen makes face.  Alice turns as Johnson looks up.
18) 7) dialog: (defensive)
19) 0) text: Springwood High doesn't look particularly inviting, but h many high schools do?  STUDENTS are arriving on foot, on  bikes, and in a variety of motor vehicles. Kristen, Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen's VW Rabbit  Convertible and park.  They step onto the sidewalk and cr along beside the STUDENT PARKING LOT.  They stop beside a ATTRACTIVE GIRL who is leaning against a car, listening t the blasting radio inside. The girl, DEBBIE STEVENS, is one well put together item. tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the tracks,  trying to compensate for her roots with defensive spunk,  sexy, and she knows it.
20) 0) text: Begin DAYDREAM. JUMP CUT to Dan standing directly in front of Alice.  She in a more confident, seductive pose.  She looks him up an down and flashes a Lauren Bacall smile.
20) 1) dialog: Mmmmmm, you know, you are one major  league fox. She puts a hand on Dan's waist.  He grows nervous and  awkward, as if he's the shy one now.
20) 3) text: T-T-Thanks Alice...
21) 3) dialog: (hush-hush)
32) 0) text: Alice can be seen by the kitchen window.  A sliver of lig creeps out of the garage, along with a THUMPING NOISE.
34) 0) text: Alice is standing at the sink in front of the kitchen win finishing up a stack of dishes.  She looks up when headli sweep across her face.
37) 0) text: Johnson comes in and crosses to Alice.  Rick follows as f as the doorway but holds his position there.
37) 2) dialog: We waited a long time.
37) 5) text: You call this vegetation a meal after a  ten hour work day?  What the hell am I?   A rabbit?  Christ, Alice, can't you try  to think a little more?!
38) 0) text: Begin daydream.  Alice suddenly SMASHES the salad off the table.  She turns angrily on her father.
38) 1) dialog: Yeah, I can think!  I can think of how  sick I am watching you drink your life  away and taking it out on me!
39) 0) text: End daydream.  Alice's father is staring at her.  The sal is back on the table.  All is as it was.
40) 0) text: Alice stands before a mirror that is virtually covered wi photos.  She seems lost in though and doesn't see Rick st into the room.
40) 2) dialog: What?
40) 4) dialog: I don't want to. Alice takes a picture from the mirror, an old black and w of two little children, herself and Rick much younger wit woman.  A picture of happier times.  Crossing to sit on h bed... ALICE (cont'd)
40) 8) dialog: But she wouldn't let Dad treat me like  that.
40) 13) dialog: Rick...I can't.
40) 15) text: Alice-son, you must have balance!
51) 0) text: It's right before school starts, the grounds are deserted save for Kristen.  She sits alone on the steps, rocking  herself slightly.  She's looked better.  She's nervous an agitated. She reaches into her pocket and withdraws a cigarette.  S takes out a match, ignites it by striking it against her  thumbnail, and lights the cig.  After a deep inhale she b smoke into the morning air. Alice appears.
51) 1) dialog: Here you are.  Where were you this  morning?  Rick's looking all over for  you.
51) 4) dialog: I'm sure they're around.
51) 6) text: Yeah, I'm not so sure. Alice sits beside Kristen.  Kristen looks at her.  Each g has bags under their eyes. KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 7) text: We have matching luggage again. Alice looks at Kristen, puzzled.  She doesn't get it.   Kristen smiles and puts her finger on the bags under one Alice's eyes. KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 8) text: The bags under your eyes.  Nightmares? Alice nods "yes". KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 10) dialog: I love to dream, I just hate ones about  my dad.
51) 13) dialog: My mom taught me when I was little.  Did  you ever hear of the dream master?
51) 15) dialog: No really, it's a fable.  The 'guardian  of good' dreams.  It was like my teddy  bear when I was growing up.
51) 18) dialog: I daydream.  you have to dream about some  place fun.  Remember you're in control.
51) 20) dialog: When they're all you have, you kinda  become an expert. Kristen gives Alice a sympathetic look.  The two girls si silence for a moment.
51) 22) dialog: You what?
52) 0) text: A teacher, a young hip man named BRYSON writes on the boa as the final stragglers come in.  Kristen and Alice enter meeting Rick who's there already. Kristen takes on look at the roomful of STUDENTS and all blood drains from her face.  She isn't looking at the  students who are there.  She is staring at TWO EMPTY SEAT Kristen starts to tremble a MURMURING begins deep inside and builds to a tortured CRY as she shakes her head "no". Kristen starts to back away.  Her knees are getting weak. The other students are mesmerized by the outburst.  Some them are glancing over at the empty seats.
56) 0) text: CU of jukebox.  PULL BACK as Dan and his buddy walk fro t jukebox to their table.  Dan passes by the counter and  glances at Alice.
56) 2) dialog: No...
56) 4) dialog: (smiles)
56) 8) dialog: (looking down)
56) 9) text: I know.  Uh...Alice. Dan is already walking away toward his table.  Alice pick an order and watches Dan walk away.  Debbie, who is also waitress, steps in.
56) 12) text: Hi, handsome.  Care for some buns? Alice turns to see Sheila in front of her with a check. both laugh.
56) 13) dialog: You in a hurry?
56) 15) dialog: I know.  I hardly have any time to study.
56) 17) dialog: I know. Debbie returns from Dan's table.
56) 21) dialog: I think Sheila's more interested in  dissecting bodies than just admiring  them.
56) 25) text: Alice, you think you can leave?
56) 26) dialog: What's wrong?
56) 28) dialog: What? Over at the next table, Dan sees Rick.
56) 32) text: Excuse me, ladies.  I'll just be a  moment. Rick takes off for the table.  Alice and Kristen huddle  closer.
56) 33) dialog: Kristen, what happened?
56) 36) text: We were a team. Alice is speechless.  Suddenly Kristen turns hard. KRISTEN (cont'd) (steely)
56) 38) dialog: Who? Kristen doesn't seem to hear her.
57) 0) text: Dan's seated in the backseat.  He looks slightly silly  sitting next to the shy Alice, who's desperately trying n to make eye contact with him.  She sneaks little peeks. Debbie is seated in back on the other side of Dan.  She's trying very hard to make eye contact with Dan.  Rick's in front with Kristen. A conversation is in progress.  Kristen is finishing up a story.
58) 11) text: Let me talk to you. Alice takes Kristen aside.  Continue scene with Dan and R
58) 19) dialog: "Now I lay me down to sleep..." Kristen glances over at Alice who notices Kristen's  attention. ALICE (cont'd)
58) 20) text: The dream master.  I think I remember the  rhyme.  "The master of dreams, my soul  I'll keep..." She falters, stops. ALICE (cont'd)
58) 27) text: Alice? She looks up to Dan and Rick.  She starts to join them.   Before she goes, she turns and looks back down.  The draw is gone.  She stares at the walkway a beat before joining Dan, Rick and Debbie.
59) 15) text: Thanks, Alice. She slowly glances around the beach.  Down near the water LITTLE GIRL is building a SAND CASTLE. When the child turns and looks at her, Kirsten sees that the same little girl that she saw drawing a picture on th sidewalk.
60) 8) dialog: Suddenly, Alice comes crashing down ON TOP of them.  Kris is enraged. But Freddy is happy.
60) 11) text: Leave her alone!!! Freddy grabs Kristen, and as Alice reacts in utter horror throws her into a nearby wall in which appears a burning of flames. Kristen writhes as she burns. As the flames finish off the doomed girl, a BLAST OF ENER shoots out of the steaming furnace and slams into Freddy. His body crackles, he arches his back and seems to grow a CONTORTS and PULSATES.
60) 15) text: You'll need my power... A second bolt of energy flies from Kristen's body inside furnace and SLAMS into Alice, causing her to glow and sha Freddy closes in for the kill and is about to slice into  Alice. KRISTEN'S SMOLDERING FACE pushes out and emerges onto  Freddy's chest.
61) 0) text: Alice sits bolt upright in bed, screaming.  She takes a f breathes, gets her bearings then walks towards her vanity She stares at the mirror. One of the pictures on it is new.  It's a snapshot of a  beaming Freddy and a terrified Kristen down in the boiler room.  Freddy smiles for the camera.  Alice stares at it. She turns it over. There's an inscription on the back.  It reads FREDDY AND  KRISTEN, HELL, 1988.  The picture suddenly BURSTS into fl and disintegrates, startling Alice.  She looks back at th mirror.  The hole the picture has left on the reflective  surface allows Alice to see a portion of her face. Her  reflection is subtly altered, more enhanced. Rick bursts in.
61) 2) dialog: (barely a whisper)
62) 0) text: Rick and Alice pull up to Kristen's house and get out of  Rick's car.
63) 0) text: The dancing orange of flames can be seen in Kristen's  upstairs bedroom window. Rick and Alice charge into the house.
64) 0) text: Rick, Alice and Elaine enter the room.  The bed is in a b of FLAMES.  The last of Kristen is just a CHARRED ARM.
65) 0) text: Rick is sitting on a bench wearing dark sunglasses. The  oriental bandana ties tightly around his forehead.  He's mourning.  Seated around him are Alice, who's dressed a b like Kristen, Debbie and Dan.  Silence surrounds them.  E is respectful of Rick's mood.
65) 5) dialog: It was no suicide.  It was not an  accident.  It was Freddy, and he's coming  back for seconds, thirds, and fourths.
65) 8) dialog: I was there in the dream.  He took her.   It was awful.  It was awful...
66) 0) text: Alice stares at her reflection for a few moments. She stu it.  She leans in real close to the mirror's surface. She takes out a cigarette, sticks it in her mouth and lig it by striking a match against her thumbnail, eerily  reminiscent of Kristen. She takes a drag and COUGHS violently.  She quickly stamp out.  She looks into the mirror.
66) 1) dialog: I don't smoke. (beat)
66) 2) text: Kristen, what did you do to me? Sheila enters the restroom, heads for a faucet next to Al and immediately splashes her face with cold water.  Alice watches her.  She gets a look at Sheila's tired face.
66) 4) dialog: We have matching luggage.
66) 6) dialog: You've been up all night?
66) 8) dialog: Then you saw him, too?
66) 11) text: See ya in class. She exits, leaving Alice alone in the rest room.
67) 0) text: The STUDENTS are sitting at their desks, waiting for the  dreaded exam.  Sheila starts to wheeze a little, but she  takes a hit off of her aspirator, and that settles her do She looks exhausted. While the TEACHER places test papers face down in front o each of the students, Sheila checks out her CLASSMATES.   Alice and Rick are there, and so is Dan. When the teacher finally gets to Sheila, he drops the tes front of her, giving her a little slap on the back. The teacher glances up at the clock above the blackboard, then turns to the students.
68) 4) text: Sorry, you fail. Freddy turns to the terrified Alice. He walks over,  screeching his talons on the blackboard.
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
69) 1) dialog: Didn't you see it?  He was here. They all stare at her strangely.  Rick leads her carefull from the classroom, supporting her exhausted body.  The o students file out.
70) 3) dialog: It was Freddy.
70) 5) dialog: I saw it. It was my dream.  I brought  Sheila in... A horrible realization dawns on Alice. ALICE (cont'd)
70) 8) dialog: No, don't!  I gave Sheila to him and now  she's dead!
71) 0) text: Alice empties her pockets on her vanity table.  She comes with Sheila's gadget.  She begins to tinker with it, she  hefts it, sizes it up.  She sets it down and looks up at mirror.  She hesitantly reaches out and pulls another photo off th mirror, revealing more of her reflection.  It's a picture of her and Sheila, she puts it down. Alice image is prettier, stronger. She HEARS A NOISE from downstairs and leaves her room to  investigate.
72) 0) text: Alice enters the kitchen.
72) 1) dialog: Rick? Alice flicks on the lights.  She gasps.  Her father is  sitting at the table.  He looks up at her, smiles warmly.
72) 3) dialog: It's not your fault.
73) 0) text: Alice bolts awake in bed, sweaty and short of breath.  Ri bursts in and hits the light.
73) 2) dialog: It was bad.
73) 4) dialog: I can't find him. Rick notices Sheila's gadget on the vanity.  It looks lik it's been taken apart and modified.  It looks nastier.  H picks it up.
73) 6) dialog: It is...was. It's a zapper, it might help  me stay awake.
73) 8) dialog: I can't go back to sleep again.
73) 10) dialog: I miss her, too.  She gave me her ability  but I don't know how to use it.  I can  bring people into my dream, but I can't  protect them. Alice looks straight at her brother. ALICE (cont'd)
73) 13) dialog: Figure it out?!?!  I'll be insane before  I figure it out.  The only thing I'm sure  of is that I can't go to sleep.  Not  while he's using me.
74) 0) text: Alice is standing behind the diner's counter.  Adding up night's receipts near the cash register.  Her waitress  uniform is spotted with stains, evidence of a hard day. She finishes up the receipts and closes the cash register She then pours coffee grounds into a cup of black coffee if it were sugar.  She stirs it halfheartedly and drinks down. Dan suddenly walks in and heads for the counter, about to place an order to go. He sees that it's Alice behind the  counter, and is surprised.
74) 3) dialog: I've been working double shifts.
74) 5) dialog: Look, you know why, you just don't  believe me. Dan looks around and leans in to her.
74) 7) dialog: The story is, the deaths you can't argue  with. Alice's eyes well up.  She begins to come unraveled. ALICE (cont'd)
74) 10) dialog: Three days. Dan lets this sink in.  Alice becomes embarrassed and sel conscious under Dan's scrutiny. ALICE (cont'd)
74) 13) dialog: Kristen was the last child left of the  people who killed Freddy.  Maybe Freddy  can't get to new kids without someone  like me.  Someone to bring them to him. Dan and Alice are both silent for a moment.  They look at each other.  Dan reads the mix of emotions on Alice's fac guilt, shame, anger, exhaustion.  He's about to say somet when a sudden voice calls out.  Dan's date, a pretty and  polished CHEERLEADER TYPE, appears at the door.
74) 15) dialog: I have to get back. Alice hurries off to the kitchen as Dan watches in  frustration.
77) 0) text: Alice is struggling to stay awake in a back row of the cl At the front, a typical high school lecturer drones on in boring monotone. We hear the words from Alice's point of view as they dist as she gets closer and closer to falling asleep.
79) 0) text: One of the girls pushes button #13.  The elevator shoots Rick is astonished.  The doors open and the girls shove o Rick can see Alice among the girls.  She is pushing forwa trying to go help him.  She disappears in the crowd.  Ric looks around at:
83) 0) text: Alice wakes up with a jolt.  She's HIT by an incredible f and her entire seat shakes off its bolts.  Students next her back away. She SMASHES her desk top with her fist, sending bits of w and metal flying.  She lets out a soul-crushing CRY.
83) 1) dialog: Nooooo!!!! The windows in the hall SHATTER.  Alice runs out of the h
86) 0) text: Yet another funeral is taking place in Springwood.  Mourn gather around the grave site.  Johnson stands before the  grave, disheveled, unshaven, a wreck.  There are a few te classmates of Rick. Alice and Debbie stand off to the side.  Alice is clutchi Rick's oriental bandana tightly in one hand.  Debbie is  sobbing softly.  Alice is cold blue steel.  She's wearing Rick's dark sunglasses.
87) 0) text: Begin Daydream.  Rick hops out of his coffin with athleti ease.  He's dressed in his best suit.  He looks very happ He strolls over to Alice, who takes off her sunglasses an stares at him.  No one else notices.
87) 2) text: Hey, you know I wouldn't leave you all  alone.  This was just to fool Freddy.   I'm here. Alice stares at him, longingly.  Finally she shakes her h 'no'.  
87) 5) dialog: Not really.
87) 7) dialog: I don't think so.  I guess this is my own  war.
87) 10) dialog: You don't really get it.  He's not a  nightstalker.  It'll take more than bench  presses to beat him.
87) 12) dialog: Yeah, right.  Let's trade death by Freddy  for life in a rubber room.  Adults won't  see it. They can't.
87) 14) dialog: Try what other kids did.  Keep each other  awake.  We'll meet at Debbie's tonight.   At least if we don't sleep he can't get  us.
88) 0) text: Alice hangs Rick's oriental bandana on the mirror, next t Sheila's gadget.  She places Debbie's studded bracelet on vanity table.  Alice looks at herself in the mirror.   Something catches her eye. She takes another picture off the mirror's surface.  It's picture of her and Rick.  She looks up, she can see more herself.  She's quite beautiful now, and there's a surety strength in her eyes.  She stares at her reflection. She's brought Rick's nun-chucks up from the garage.  She  begins to go through some moves with them.  Slowly at fir she builds to a blinding speed.  She watches herself in t mirror. Alice GASPS and drops the sticks.  She walks to the mirro and places a hand on it.
88) 1) dialog: (scared)
89) 0) text: Johnson is slumped in a chair watching a soundless TV.  A Alice ENTERS, dressed to leave, he rises to stop her.  
89) 2) dialog: Get out of my way you pathetic lush.
89) 4) dialog: Dad, please... Johnson lapses into a drunken monologue.
89) 6) text: You're becoming beautiful, I never  noticed before... Johnson clumsily backs up and pours another drink. Alice  heads back upstairs.
90) 0) text: Dan waits for Alice, he's leaning up against a street lam
92) 0) text: Alice is seated on her bed, she's staring at her mirror. gets up and crosses to the window.  She opens it and clim out.
93) 0) text: Alice climbs out of the window and maneuvers down to the  street in a duplication of the moves we saw earlier from  Rick.
94) 0) text: Alice reaches Dan's corner, he's gone.  She looks around, one in sight.  Frustrated, she walks off and turns a corn
95) 0) text: Alice turns the corner and in an abrupt, sudden change of setting she finds herself in the middle of a run down, se urban street. It's empty, just blackened store fronts.  Alice spies the glowing marquee of a movie theater at the end of the stre
96) 0) text: Alice reaches the B.O.  She takes a ticket from the atten and wanders in.
97) 0) text: Alice takes a seat in the fifth row.  She has a box of  popcorn and a soda.  There are other patrons scattered ab the balcony.  We can't see their faces. Alice settles in.  She starts to watch the movie.  She sc a mouthful of popcorn.
99) 0) text: Alice sips her drink, adjusts herself.  Something about t film is making her uncomfortable.
101) 0) text: As the wind whips over Alice, her popcorn scatters like a white rain.  Her drink is pulled out of her hand by the  wind's force.
103) 0) text: Alice is standing, fighting the wind that's pulling her t the edge of the balcony.  She tries to grab her seat, cla fingers ripping into seatbacks, only to slip away. Alice is lifted off her feet and sucked right over the  balcony by the wind. She just manages to grab the balcony's edge and hold on, swinging free, trying to crawl back up... The wind beating her back.
103) 1) dialog: (screaming)
103) 2) text: Noooooo! suddenly, one of Alice's shoes is pulled right off her fo and FLIES ACROSS THE AUDITORIUM into
104) 0) text: As Alice's shoe hits the movie screen and PASSES THROUGH. see it roll across the floor of the diner.
105) 0) text: The wind is stronger still and Alice is struggling to  maintain her grip on the balcony. The other patrons just sit in their seats, watching. Alice manages to hoist herself up just a bit in order to the faces of the others in the theater. They're all blank looking pasty-faced people with death-l visages. Alice SCREAMS as a gust of wind rips her from the balcony sends her FLYING ACROSS THE AUDITORIUM, passing through t movie screen.
106) 0) text: Alice tumbles into the shot, landing in front of the dine exterior.  Wind and debris blow, boards fly off the struc as she struggles to her face.
108) 0) text: Alice makes her way into the diner.  She looks back.  The movie screen is behind her and beyond it is the auditoriu
111) 0) text: Alice turns and looks around the diner.  It's in just as shape inside as it was out.  It may be open for business, there are no customers to be seen.  A single WAITRESS is  standing behind the barren counter. Alice walks across to the counter, and settles onto a sto The waitress steps over, and slides a tattered menu in fr of her.  Alice studies the woman for a moment.  Something about her is familiar.  It makes the girl uneasy. In her sixties, the waitress looks like she's worked ever day of her life.  Her hair is streaked with gray, and the are deep pockets under her eyes.  She seems to be the kin person whose life has passed her completely by.
111) 2) text: C'mon, honey.  I don't want to be here  forever. Alice notes the waitress' name badge: ALICE The waitress turns and heads down to the end of the count As the woman walks away, Alice swivels on her stool to wa her go. Alice is startled to discover that another PATRON is now  sitting next to her.  IT'S FREDDY.
114) 0) text: Freddy CACKLES triumphantly.  He turns to Alice.
115) 0) text: The sudden HONKING of a passing car HORN awakens Alice. sits for a moment in confusion before clearing her head. She rushes out, using the window as before.
117) 0) text: Dan's waiting with his truck on the corner.  Alice comes  running up.
117) 1) dialog: C'mon, we have to hurry.  I'm driving. She hops into the driver's seat and starts it up.  Dan ha time to object.  He hops in and they SCREECH off.
119) 0) text: Alice is driving like a demon.  Dan straps on the seatbel
119) 1) dialog: He's going after Debbie, I gotta stop  him.
119) 3) dialog: You just feel sorry for me.
121) 2) dialog: It's okay, we're just about there.
123) 0) text: Alice turns a corner, heading for the house.
123) 1) dialog: Here we are.
125) 0) text: Alice and Dan are right back where they started from.  Da waits by the truck, Alice runs up.
125) 1) dialog: C'mon, we have to hurry.  I'm driving. Dan hops in and they take off.  They don't know they're  experiencing special Freddy-deja vu.
127) 0) text: Alice is driving like a lunatic.  All is as it was before
127) 1) dialog: He's going after Debbie.  I gotta stop  him.
129) 0) text: Alice turns a corner, heading for a house.
129) 1) dialog: Here we are...
131) 0) text: Once again, Dan waits by his truck, Alice runs up.
131) 1) dialog: C'mon, we have to hurry.  I'm driving. Dan hops in, as before.  They SCREECH OFF.
134) 0) text: Alice drives like a lunatic.
134) 1) dialog: He's going after Debbie.  I gotta stop  him.
136) 0) text: For the third time, Alice is turning the corner headed  towards Debbie's driveway.
136) 1) dialog: Here we are.
137) 0) text: Alice is about to pull in, then BAM, SMASH CUT TO:
138) 0) text: You guessed it.  Dan waits as Alice comes running up.
138) 1) dialog: (simultaneously)
138) 2) text: C'mon, we have to hurry.  I'm driving. Alice stares at Dan.
138) 3) dialog: Oh God, I'm still asleep.  He's got us  going in circles. They hop in and take off.
142) 0) text: Alice is suddenly hit with a violent shock.
142) 2) dialog: (barely whisper)
144) 0) text: Alice SLAMS the gas to the floor, murder on her mind.
144) 1) dialog: Alright, asleep or awake, I'm gonna punch  his ticket in.
145) 0) text: In the dream, the truck bears down on Freddy, smoke drift off the tires. We see Alice sneer as the truck passes right through Fred and SMASHES into a void, an invisible brick wall. The truck's front end gets totaled. Bits of metal and gla fly through the air as the truck crumples, as if it has h solid stone.
146) 0) text: Dan's truck is wrapped around a large tree. Axles and gri work twisted out of place. A spurt of red smears the insi windshield. Alice manages to force open her door and just step out of truck...
146) 1) dialog: Oh Dan, I'm sorry.  GOD, I'M SORRY!!!
147) 0) text: The doors swing open and two young PARAMEDICS lift Dan in on a stretcher.  His leg has been bandaged with gauze, bu it's bleeding badly.  His MOANING tells us he's conscious Alice climbs in and notices one of the paramedics filling hypo.  He checks it for air bubbles.
147) 1) dialog: What's that do? The paramedic turns toward Dan.
147) 3) dialog: Put the needle down.
147) 5) text: Sorry doctor, rules is rules. Alice smacks the hypo out of the paramedic's hands.  It  SHATTERS against the wall of the ambulance.
147) 6) dialog: (pure Dirty Harry)
147) 7) text: He stays awake, those are my rules,  understand? The paramedic backs off a bit.  He looks at Alice with  suspicion.  Alice relents a bit. ALICE (cont'd)
147) 10) text: Alice leans in close to Dan, brushes his hair back with h fingers.
147) 11) dialog: (whispers)
148) 0) text: An intern and a nurse are trying to put Dan to sleep, but he's fighting them back. At least making it difficult. Alice stands by watching as THE DOCTOR, JOHNSON and DAN'S PARENTS run into the ER.  Alice charges the doctor.
148) 1) dialog: When do you operate? When does he hit  surgery?
148) 4) dialog: They're gonna kill him. Alice snatches the keys from her father and runs for the  swinging EXIT doors.
149) 0) text: Alice jumps in her father's car and cranks it over; burni rubber to back out of the parking lot. Alice drops the car in gear and takes off at top speed, b she SIDESWIPES ANOTHER CAR which is parked next to her.   Sparks, metal against metal. Alice BLASTS through the hospital lift-gate before SKIDDI into traffic and screaming away into the darkness.
151) 0) text: Alice barrels through a light and fishtails around a corn
152) 0) text: Alice grips the wheel.  The speedometer is straining. She looks at the dashboard clock. 
154) 0) text: Alice SCREECHES to a halt in front of her house. She burs out of the car and runs into the house.
155) 0) text: As the nurses lay out the instruments, Dan is still grogg The operating room clock tells us Alice has 5 minutes lef
156) 0) text: As Alice runs through, she passes a gun rack mounted on t wall.  She doubles back to it.  She regards it.
156) 1) dialog: Couldn't hurt. She opens it and grabs a mean looking mother of a pump- shotgun and a box of shells.
158) 0) text: Alice throws the gun and the shells on the bed.  She open bottle of sleeping pills and pops more than enough for a on Freddy express. She starts to load the gun, inserting each shell with vic precision.  She cocks it.
158) 1) dialog: This ends.  Now. She walks over to the mirror on the vanity table.  Her ey travel over the tokens she's collected form her friends. She starts to power up.  She takes Sheila's gadget, which she's improved, and hangs it around her neck.  She takes  Debbie's studded bracelet and SNAPS it around her wrist. Lastly, she takes Rick's oriental bandana and ties it lik Amazonian around her forearm.  She hoists the gun.  She l her reflection in the mirror.  Something's very different The pills are starting to take effect.  Alice grabs her  forehead. She looks back at the mirror.  She's strong, confidant, r to accept her destiny.  With forceful determination, she tears the rest of the  pictures off her mirror.  What she sees makes her GASP.
159) 2) dialog: Now I lay me down to sleep. The reflection speaks back.
159) 4) dialog: In the reflection of my mind's eye.
159) 6) dialog: Fuckin' A. Alice looks at the shotgun, which remains the same in the reflection.  Next to her supernatural image, it doesn't s an impressive weapon. ALICE (cont'd)
161) 0) text: Alice HEARS Dan's distant cry.
161) 2) dialog: (screaming)
161) 3) text: Get away from him you SONOFABITCH!!! Alice goes diving headfirst into the mirror.  It sucks he in.
162) 0) text: Alice rolls onto the floor.  She now has the image of the DREAM MASTER from her mirror, complete with all the regal She's one pissed superhero. She looks around. Freddy's gone. Alice helps Dan off the table, since we're in the dream, injury is healed.  He gets an eyeful of Alice's spectacul new appearance.
162) 3) dialog: Save it for later.  Come on! Alice and Dan turn around and run for the doors.  Just as they get to them, Freddy throws them open from the other  side. On instinct, Dan leaps in front of Alice to confront Fred He grabs Dan's fist, holds his arms out and slashes Dan.  Once, twice, across the chest.  Blood spurts but it's onl superficial damage. Alice grabs the sharper of the the surgical instruments a turns on Freddy. ALICE (cont'd)
162) 4) text: I'll mail your guts back to hell!!! Alice starts to hurl the instruments at Freddy Kung Fu st with blurring speed and accuracy.  Rick would be proud. Alice nails Freddy once, a dozen times in the space of a seconds.  Freddy doubles over, sharp instruments sticking of every part of him.  Alice advances on him and delivers massive, sharp kick to Freddy's balls.  Freddy makes a SO that banshees would flee from. Alice grabs Dan and the two plunge through the doors.
163) 0) text: Dan and Alice run into the hallway.  But it's no hallway, it's a huge, rotating cylinder.  It looks like a hallway, it's spinning.  Dan and Alice immediately become dizzy. At the end of the hallway, there's a large, wall-to-wall  sheet of colorful lights.  It gives the impression that D and Alice are trapped within a huge kaleidoscope. They careen down the hallway and go crashing through the  colorful lights, which turn out to be stained glass. Dan and Alice CRASH through a stained glass window withou the gurney and land with such tremendous force that even  after hitting the floor they don't stop.  They skid along floor, out of control. Keeping Dan's hand in one hand, Alice reaches out and SLA her spiked bracelet into the floor.  The spikes dig in an serve as her break.  They SCREECH across the floor, smoke rises from the grooves they make.  Alice digs in deeper a they manage to come to a stop in a pile of broken stained glass. They stand up, just as Freddy appears.
163) 2) dialog: Nooo!!!
167) 0) text: Alice crouches into a fighting position (a la Rick) as  Krueger advances, finger-blades flashing. Alice leaps and delivers a perfect kick to Freddy's face, knocking him back. Alice lands on her feet as Freddy lunges for her! Alice jumps over a church pew as Freddy slashes at the ai Alice whirls and kicks Freddy again and again and again. Just pounding him. But Freddy laughs at the blows.
167) 2) text: You think you got what it takes, I been  guarding my gate forever, hahaha! Freddy grabs Alice by the ankle and whirls her around lik rag doll and tosses her away. Alice is thrown the length of the church and CRASHES into confessional booth; splintered wood and cracking bones. Alice sinks heavy among the debris.  She doesn't move.   Freddy advances on her.  Going in for the kill.  Just whe he's close enough, Alice springs up.  She was playing pos She reaches out and PUNCHES a hole in the wall behind the debris of the confessional.  She pulls out several crackl electric cables.  She looks bizarre and powerful framed f moment in the blue light of the sparkling electricity. She rips off the gadget from around her neck and aims it Freddy.  Freddy LAUGHS at her and it. Alice shoves on of the electric cables into the center of gadget.  It HUMS and BUILDS and GLOWS until a LOUD,  incredibly powerful LASER BOLT shoots out of it and hits  Freddy square in the chest. A stunned Freddy looks at his mid-section.  Quite frankly it's missing.  There's only a gaping, smoking hole throug which Alice can see the rest of the church. Alice throws the smoking gadget and cable to the floor. has no time to savor her temporary victory however. Freddy's playing fill in the blanks with himself.  The  charred hole in his mid-section begins to fill in.  In a  matter of seconds, he's whole again. He laughs and starts to advance on Alice.  Frustrated, sh grabs a huge cross which she handles easily, then charges him. Freddy raises the cross.  On one pass, she tears open  Freddy's sweater, revealing the faces of the souls trappe within Freddy.  She gags at the sight. Freddy seizes the moment and grabs the cross.  He tosses away. Freddy SMACKS Alice across the face.  He grabs the back o her head and throws her over him, across the church and i the altar.  He advances on her. FREDDY (cont'd)
167) 3) text: I am eternal... Alice is looking pretty bloody.  She tries to fend off Fr but he smashes her into the opposite wall.  She crumples pain beneath the broken stained glass window she came in  through. Freddy's coming for her.  His tongue wiggling like a deme Wile E. Coyote about to grab the Road Runner. The kids in the choirs SING OUT.
167) 5) dialog: (remembering)
167) 6) text: Let evil see itself... Alice looks down and sees a large piece of stained glass. She sees her reflection in it, unbruised, pretty, the tru her.  She scoops it up and holds it in front of Freddy. The chorus of ghostly kids complete the rhyme with Alice.
167) 7) dialog: And it SHALL DIE! Freddy's about to slice into Alice, he raises his arm. Light hits Freddy off the glass, like a BLAST.  He looks Alice and sees himself, reflected in the glass.  He SCREA We PUSH IN on Freddy's SCREAMING reflection, right into h mouth.
169) 1) dialog: 
170) 0) text: Alice stands alone. She's no longer dressed like dream  master.  Having fulfilled her mission, she's now just nor Alice again, but retains the newfound beauty and confiden Alice stands frozen for a moment, then regards her quiet  surroundings.
170) 1) dialog: Rest in hell.
171) 0) text: Dan and Alice are walking through the park, arms around e other.  From the look of their healing bruises, it's some weeks later...