19) 6) text: There's Dan Jordan.  Mmmmm, we're talkin'  major league fox.
20) 0) text: Begin DAYDREAM. JUMP CUT to Dan standing directly in front of Alice.  She in a more confident, seductive pose.  She looks him up an down and flashes a Lauren Bacall smile.
20) 2) dialog: (stammers)
33) 0) text: Rick is involved in a series of interesting exercises.  H kicking and sparring with a suspended bodybag, doing mart arts spins between returns.  He wears an oriental bandana around his forehead.
56) 0) text: CU of jukebox.  PULL BACK as Dan and his buddy walk fro t jukebox to their table.  Dan passes by the counter and  glances at Alice.
56) 1) dialog: Hi, you seen Rick around? Alice is surprised and almost drops an order.  She shakes head.
56) 3) dialog: You're his sister, right?
56) 6) dialog: Tell him I was looking for him, okay? (his eyes smile)
56) 7) text: I'm Dan.
56) 9) text: I know.  Uh...Alice. Dan is already walking away toward his table.  Alice pick an order and watches Dan walk away.  Debbie, who is also waitress, steps in.
56) 29) dialog: (yells)
56) 40) text: Rick!  C'mon!  We gotta go now! Rick comes over with Dan who looks concerned. KRISTEN (cont'd)
57) 0) text: Dan's seated in the backseat.  He looks slightly silly  sitting next to the shy Alice, who's desperately trying n to make eye contact with him.  She sneaks little peeks. Debbie is seated in back on the other side of Dan.  She's trying very hard to make eye contact with Dan.  Rick's in front with Kristen. A conversation is in progress.  Kristen is finishing up a story.
57) 4) dialog: Hey, c'mon!  Everybody has nightmares.
57) 6) dialog: Nice neighborhood. Everyone in the car has been leaning in towards Kristen,  engrossed in her story.  Rick grows uncomfortable with th crowding, as if he had a strong aversion to tight spaces  which we would like to telegraph for later exploitation.
58) 0) text: Rick's car and Dan's truck pull up in front of the boarde up, run down house.  They get out of their respective car and meet on the front of the walkway, surrounded by a wee infested front lawn.
58) 1) dialog: So, why the haunted house?
58) 3) dialog: Huh?
58) 9) dialog: I don't get it.
58) 11) text: Let me talk to you. Alice takes Kristen aside.  Continue scene with Dan and R
58) 12) dialog: So what's up?  What'd I miss?
58) 14) dialog: So?
58) 16) dialog: Nice neighborhood.
58) 27) text: Alice? She looks up to Dan and Rick.  She starts to join them.   Before she goes, she turns and looks back down.  The draw is gone.  She stares at the walkway a beat before joining Dan, Rick and Debbie.
63) 0) text: The dancing orange of flames can be seen in Kristen's  upstairs bedroom window. Rick and Alice charge into the house.
65) 0) text: Rick is sitting on a bench wearing dark sunglasses. The  oriental bandana ties tightly around his forehead.  He's mourning.  Seated around him are Alice, who's dressed a b like Kristen, Debbie and Dan.  Silence surrounds them.  E is respectful of Rick's mood.
65) 1) dialog: Hey man, we're all sorry...
65) 4) dialog: I thought it was an accident.  Smoking in  bed.
65) 7) dialog: I mean, you can't really believe that.
65) 9) dialog: "In her dream"? Alice gets up and abruptly walks away from the bench.  Ri takes off his glasses and watches his sister go.
65) 13) dialog: Weren't they close? A beat.
67) 0) text: The STUDENTS are sitting at their desks, waiting for the  dreaded exam.  Sheila starts to wheeze a little, but she  takes a hit off of her aspirator, and that settles her do She looks exhausted. While the TEACHER places test papers face down in front o each of the students, Sheila checks out her CLASSMATES.   Alice and Rick are there, and so is Dan. When the teacher finally gets to Sheila, he drops the tes front of her, giving her a little slap on the back. The teacher glances up at the clock above the blackboard, then turns to the students.
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
70) 9) dialog: Kristen's story really got to her.
74) 0) text: Alice is standing behind the diner's counter.  Adding up night's receipts near the cash register.  Her waitress  uniform is spotted with stains, evidence of a hard day. She finishes up the receipts and closes the cash register She then pours coffee grounds into a cup of black coffee if it were sugar.  She stirs it halfheartedly and drinks down. Dan suddenly walks in and heads for the counter, about to place an order to go. He sees that it's Alice behind the  counter, and is surprised.
74) 1) dialog: Hey, how ya doin'? Alice looks up.  From the look of her, she's not doing th well.  Dan is taken a bit aback by her appearance. DAN (cont'd)
74) 4) dialog: Extra money, huh?
74) 6) dialog: No offense, or anything, but it's kind of  hard to swallow.
74) 9) dialog: How long have you been awake?
74) 12) dialog: Alright, let's assume this whole thing is  true. Why does Freddy all of a sudden  need you?
75) 0) text: Dan and a BUDDY are suiting up for practice.
75) 2) dialog: What's the matter man, getting tired?
75) 4) text: Speaking of weird, you gotta feel for  that guy.  Dead girlfriend and a basket  case sister. Dan angrily reacts to this.  He shoves the buddy up again the lockers.
75) 5) dialog: Hey!  Learn to shut up, asshole! Dan heads for Rick.  He sits down next to him. DAN (cont'd)
75) 8) dialog: How she doing?  I ran into her last  night.
75) 10) dialog: About Freddy?
85) 0) text: Dan is walking by a series of graves.  They bear the name
85) 2) dialog: And then there were none.
86) 0) text: Yet another funeral is taking place in Springwood.  Mourn gather around the grave site.  Johnson stands before the  grave, disheveled, unshaven, a wreck.  There are a few te classmates of Rick. Alice and Debbie stand off to the side.  Alice is clutchi Rick's oriental bandana tightly in one hand.  Debbie is  sobbing softly.  Alice is cold blue steel.  She's wearing Rick's dark sunglasses.
87) 3) dialog: Alice...Alice? The sound of Dan's VOICE BREAKS THE DAYDREAM.  Alice blin twice before she realizes that Dan is really talking to h DAN (cont'd)
87) 6) dialog: Is there something we can do?
87) 11) dialog: Why can't we just talk to the  authorities?
87) 13) dialog: Then what else can we do?
87) 15) dialog: Who?
88) 0) text: Alice hangs Rick's oriental bandana on the mirror, next t Sheila's gadget.  She places Debbie's studded bracelet on vanity table.  Alice looks at herself in the mirror.   Something catches her eye. She takes another picture off the mirror's surface.  It's picture of her and Rick.  She looks up, she can see more herself.  She's quite beautiful now, and there's a surety strength in her eyes.  She stares at her reflection. She's brought Rick's nun-chucks up from the garage.  She  begins to go through some moves with them.  Slowly at fir she builds to a blinding speed.  She watches herself in t mirror. Alice GASPS and drops the sticks.  She walks to the mirro and places a hand on it.
90) 0) text: Dan waits for Alice, he's leaning up against a street lam
90) 1) dialog: All the towns in America, I had to move  to the Bermuda triangle.
94) 0) text: Alice reaches Dan's corner, he's gone.  She looks around, one in sight.  Frustrated, she walks off and turns a corn
117) 0) text: Dan's waiting with his truck on the corner.  Alice comes  running up.
119) 0) text: Alice is driving like a demon.  Dan straps on the seatbel
119) 2) dialog: Hey, you're not alone.  We have to stop  him, I'm with you.
119) 4) dialog: Cut that shit out.  Maybe before, but not  now. I want to help you. I'm on your  side.
121) 1) dialog: As long as your driving doesn't kill us.
125) 0) text: Alice and Dan are right back where they started from.  Da waits by the truck, Alice runs up.
131) 0) text: Once again, Dan waits by his truck, Alice runs up.
134) 2) dialog: You know, I get the weirdest feeling  we've been through this before. Alice throws him a puzzled, confused look.  It may be daw on them.
136) 2) dialog: Something's wrong here.  It feels like...
138) 0) text: You guessed it.  Dan waits as Alice comes running up.
138) 2) text: C'mon, we have to hurry.  I'm driving. Alice stares at Dan.
141) 0) text: Dan's pickup truck is racing along.
142) 1) dialog: What the hell was that?
143) 1) text: Freddy standing defiantly in the middle of the road, laug maniacally at Dan's on-coming truck.
146) 0) text: Dan's truck is wrapped around a large tree. Axles and gri work twisted out of place. A spurt of red smears the insi windshield. Alice manages to force open her door and just step out of truck...
147) 0) text: The doors swing open and two young PARAMEDICS lift Dan in on a stretcher.  His leg has been bandaged with gauze, bu it's bleeding badly.  His MOANING tells us he's conscious Alice climbs in and notices one of the paramedics filling hypo.  He checks it for air bubbles.
147) 10) text: Alice leans in close to Dan, brushes his hair back with h fingers.
148) 0) text: An intern and a nurse are trying to put Dan to sleep, but he's fighting them back. At least making it difficult. Alice stands by watching as THE DOCTOR, JOHNSON and DAN'S PARENTS run into the ER.  Alice charges the doctor.
150) 0) text: Dan is being wheeled on a gurney.  He's struggling to sta awake.
153) 0) text: A NURSE and an ORDERLY lift Dan onto the operating table. The room is being quickly prepped; checking instruments. Doctors scrubbing up. Activity all around.
155) 0) text: As the nurses lay out the instruments, Dan is still grogg The operating room clock tells us Alice has 5 minutes lef
157) 0) text: We see the oxygen and anesthesia hoses put into place and gauges register pressure. The ANESTHESIOLOGIST preps the mask for Dan's face.  Dan  watches, protesting weakly.
157) 1) dialog: I'll take the pain...no gas...no  gas...have to stay up. He fades out.
160) 0) text: Suddenly, Dan starts to choke He opens his eyes and sees the doctor standing over him. It's FREDDY in surgical greens, razor-fingers at the read Dan pulls the mask from his face and cries out.
160) 1) dialog: Freddy!!!
160) 3) dialog: No, Alice!  Alice!!!
161) 0) text: Alice HEARS Dan's distant cry.
161) 1) dialog: Alice!!! The reflection of the Alice as the dream master has been  replaced by the image of the operating room.  Alice can s Freddy menacing Dan.
162) 0) text: Alice rolls onto the floor.  She now has the image of the DREAM MASTER from her mirror, complete with all the regal She's one pissed superhero. She looks around. Freddy's gone. Alice helps Dan off the table, since we're in the dream, injury is healed.  He gets an eyeful of Alice's spectacul new appearance.
162) 1) dialog: (astonished)
162) 4) text: I'll mail your guts back to hell!!! Alice starts to hurl the instruments at Freddy Kung Fu st with blurring speed and accuracy.  Rick would be proud. Alice nails Freddy once, a dozen times in the space of a seconds.  Freddy doubles over, sharp instruments sticking of every part of him.  Alice advances on him and delivers massive, sharp kick to Freddy's balls.  Freddy makes a SO that banshees would flee from. Alice grabs Dan and the two plunge through the doors.
163) 0) text: Dan and Alice run into the hallway.  But it's no hallway, it's a huge, rotating cylinder.  It looks like a hallway, it's spinning.  Dan and Alice immediately become dizzy. At the end of the hallway, there's a large, wall-to-wall  sheet of colorful lights.  It gives the impression that D and Alice are trapped within a huge kaleidoscope. They careen down the hallway and go crashing through the  colorful lights, which turn out to be stained glass. Dan and Alice CRASH through a stained glass window withou the gurney and land with such tremendous force that even  after hitting the floor they don't stop.  They skid along floor, out of control. Keeping Dan's hand in one hand, Alice reaches out and SLA her spiked bracelet into the floor.  The spikes dig in an serve as her break.  They SCREECH across the floor, smoke rises from the grooves they make.  Alice digs in deeper a they manage to come to a stop in a pile of broken stained glass. They stand up, just as Freddy appears.
164) 0) text: The doctors are working on Dan.  Suddenly, blood starts t spurt wildly from his chest.
165) 2) dialog: No!  Dammit, Alicceeeee..... She reaches for him, but he's gone, his echo remains for moment.
166) 0) text: Dan's beginning to regain consciousness.  The doctor stan over him.
166) 2) dialog: (urgent)
166) 5) dialog: Well I changed my mind!!!
171) 0) text: Dan and Alice are walking through the park, arms around e other.  From the look of their healing bruises, it's some weeks later...