19) 0) text: Springwood High doesn't look particularly inviting, but h many high schools do?  STUDENTS are arriving on foot, on  bikes, and in a variety of motor vehicles. Kristen, Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen's VW Rabbit  Convertible and park.  They step onto the sidewalk and cr along beside the STUDENT PARKING LOT.  They stop beside a ATTRACTIVE GIRL who is leaning against a car, listening t the blasting radio inside. The girl, DEBBIE STEVENS, is one well put together item. tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the tracks,  trying to compensate for her roots with defensive spunk,  sexy, and she knows it.
19) 1) dialog: Alright, anybody have trig this semester? Alice, Rick and Kristen shake their heads 'no'.
19) 3) dialog: I had a conflict.  Homework or Dynasty.   Dynasty won.
19) 5) dialog: (appreciative)
21) 5) dialog: Alright, I think I see salvation... A battered and sputtering VESPA SCOOTER is zipping toward them through the parking lot.  The BLACK GIRL riding the  scooter looks a bit nerdy, with thick glasses and short h but makes up for it with a hip sense of style.  Her scoot has been souped up with a few home-made gadgets and  attachments. As soon as SHEILA KOPECKY reaches them, she hops off her  bike, and unstraps the pile of books and papers from the  back.  Tons of SMOKE pour out the back of it. DEBBIE (cont'd) (bats smoke away)
21) 8) dialog: Speaking of books, isn't trig your  favorite? Sheila stares at Debbie a beat.
21) 11) dialog: Hey, needledick.  I bet you're the only  male in this school suffering from penis  envy. The jock stares in confusion, not quite understanding the insult.  Our group cracks up and pats Debbie on the shoul as the jock walks off.
56) 9) text: I know.  Uh...Alice. Dan is already walking away toward his table.  Alice pick an order and watches Dan walk away.  Debbie, who is also waitress, steps in.
56) 10) dialog: Sorry, Alice.  You're shift's over.  My  table now. Debbie walks to Dan's table.  Sheila catches Alice off-gu (They both watch Debbie talking to Dan.)
56) 18) dialog: He's so cute.  I wonder where he works  out.
56) 20) dialog: One of these days I'll fix you up with a  real guy.  Teach you to get your  priorities straight.
56) 22) dialog: Give her time.  Beauty is skin deep.
57) 0) text: Dan's seated in the backseat.  He looks slightly silly  sitting next to the shy Alice, who's desperately trying n to make eye contact with him.  She sneaks little peeks. Debbie is seated in back on the other side of Dan.  She's trying very hard to make eye contact with Dan.  Rick's in front with Kristen. A conversation is in progress.  Kristen is finishing up a story.
58) 27) text: Alice? She looks up to Dan and Rick.  She starts to join them.   Before she goes, she turns and looks back down.  The draw is gone.  She stares at the walkway a beat before joining Dan, Rick and Debbie.
65) 0) text: Rick is sitting on a bench wearing dark sunglasses. The  oriental bandana ties tightly around his forehead.  He's mourning.  Seated around him are Alice, who's dressed a b like Kristen, Debbie and Dan.  Silence surrounds them.  E is respectful of Rick's mood.
65) 3) dialog: You mean it was like, suicide? Dan cuts in, not letting Debbie finish her sentence.
65) 6) dialog: Come on, Freddy's not real.  She couldn't  have been serious?
65) 11) dialog: What?
66) 10) text: You know how Debbie's afraid of bugs?  I  made this for her. Ultra high sound  waves.  Makes 'em run screaming their  antenna off. Sheila collects herself and starts to leave. SHEILA (cont'd)
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
70) 1) dialog: (fighting tears)
70) 4) dialog: Enough of that crap.
86) 0) text: Yet another funeral is taking place in Springwood.  Mourn gather around the grave site.  Johnson stands before the  grave, disheveled, unshaven, a wreck.  There are a few te classmates of Rick. Alice and Debbie stand off to the side.  Alice is clutchi Rick's oriental bandana tightly in one hand.  Debbie is  sobbing softly.  Alice is cold blue steel.  She's wearing Rick's dark sunglasses.
87) 8) dialog: No it isn't.  We all gotta survive. She pumps up. DEBBIE (cont'd)
87) 16) dialog: I know just the guy. Dan shrugs and leaves with her.
88) 0) text: Alice hangs Rick's oriental bandana on the mirror, next t Sheila's gadget.  She places Debbie's studded bracelet on vanity table.  Alice looks at herself in the mirror.   Something catches her eye. She takes another picture off the mirror's surface.  It's picture of her and Rick.  She looks up, she can see more herself.  She's quite beautiful now, and there's a surety strength in her eyes.  She stares at her reflection. She's brought Rick's nun-chucks up from the garage.  She  begins to go through some moves with them.  Slowly at fir she builds to a blinding speed.  She watches herself in t mirror. Alice GASPS and drops the sticks.  She walks to the mirro and places a hand on it.
91) 0) text: The room has been outfitted to serve as her gym.  It is  equipped with free weights, and a weight bench. Debbie greets, dressed in sweats, yawns.  Looks at her wa She looks tired.
113) 1) text: Debbie's attic.  Debbie is dozing on her weight bench.
116) 0) text: Debbie opens her eyes.  She rubs them tiredly then looks  around and reaches for the bar bell.
118) 0) text: Debbie's working up a real sweat, pressing a good sized b bell.  Up and down, several repetitions.  She's listening a portable stereo, which is plugged into the wall. Her hands almost slip. But Debbie catches herself and continues to press.
122) 0) text: As Debbie extends the weights we can SEE FREDDY KRUEGER'S REFLECTION in the steel barbells.  Debbie brings the weig down and up again and Freddy is gone. Debbie slips the barbell into the resting place so she ca catch her breath.  She cracks her knuckles.  Suddenly, we one of Freddy's claws out the stereo box. Debbie reacts with puzzlement.
124) 0) text: The truck is about to pull into Debbie's driveway.  Befor can, we SMASH CUT TO:
126) 0) text: Debbie CRACKS the knuckles on the other hand and goes to the weight.  AS she reaches up, FREDDY'S HANDS are alread there. Freddy starts to force the bell down on Debbie's throat a she begins to struggle against it.
126) 1) dialog: (straining)
128) 0) text: Debbie forces herself to her feet, broken arms hanging li at her side. Insect like claws emerge out of the breaks in her arms. human flesh flops to the floor.  She ducks as Freddy heav the barbell into the mirrors in the attic. He starts advancing on her, claws CLICKING. Debbie looks up to Freddy with a pathetic
128) 1) dialog: Give me back my BODY!!!
130) 0) text: Once again, as she's about to pull into Debbie's driveway suddenly SMASH CUT TO
132) 0) text: Debbie, now even more insect-like, runs toward a small do at the other side of the attic.
133) 0) text: But the door SEEMS TO GROW LARGER AND LARGER the closer  Debbie gets to it! As we see Debbie, she's tiny.
135) 0) text: The room is now a strange white space, flat and dull.  De tries to make her way across but her feet start sticking the gooey floor. Like the thickest glue. Debbie struggles to free herself, but as she pulls, she f over, her face sticking to the goo.  It RIPS her flesh to reveal an insect face.  A roach trapped.
136) 0) text: For the third time, Alice is turning the corner headed  towards Debbie's driveway.
139) 0) text: Debbie, now more roach than girl, sees another struggling roach in the corner.  Debbie painfully turns towards the  doorway and sees FREDDY'S HUGE EYE PEERING IN.
140) 0) text: Debbie SCREAMS at the huge FREDDY eye.  Freddy stands,  laughing, a "roach motel" bug trap in his hand.
142) 3) text: Debbie.  She's gone.  I've...collected  her, like the others. A sudden, blinding brightness hits the truck. There are a pair of incredibly bright headlights coming  straight at them.  The lights grow brighter still until t are impossibly bright.  They burn off to reveal.