4) 0) text: Kristen stops and looks down at the angelic little girl w has been creating the childish drawing of Freddy's house. Kneeling down beside her, Kristen takes a closer look at colorful chalk sketch. It has an almost exaggerated cheerfulness.  And although  awkwardly rendered, it makes the house look new, and the well-tended.  The idyllic sidewalk illustration looks not like its subject, which has peeling paint, boarded-up  windows, and is horribly run-down.
4) 8) text: He's not home. Just then, the child lifts her hand away from the picture What Kristen sees makes her gasp.  A crudely drawn, but  easily recognizable image of FREDDY KRUEGER is visible be one of the windows. There is a CRACK of LIGHTNING, and drops of rain start to sprinkle down on to the girl and her drawing.
10) 0) text: Kristen walks in, the old floorboards creaking under her  feet.  She looks at the walls.  They are lined with eerie paintings of children playing in graveyards.  Rainwater d down from the ceiling. When FLASHES OF LIGHTNING illuminate the room, Kristen  catches sights of an old and dusty couch in one corner. couch with a distinctive RED AND GREEN STRIPED LINING. Another bolt FLASHES.  Kristen is horrified to see,  silhouetted on one of the walls, the shadow of a hand wit long, knife-like fingers. So frightened that she can barely breathe, Kristen turns the LARGE WINDOW across the room.   ANOTHER FLASH lights up the dark room, and Kristen relaxe It isn't Freddy outside the window.  It's only a tree bra Relieved, Kristen starts over toward the window.  But bef she reaches it, there is a sudden, massive CLAP OF THUNDE and the entire window EXPLODES into the room. A huge gust of WIND roars in through the shattered window and blows Kristen off her feet.
11) 2) text: He's not here, he's dead.  He's not here,  he's dead.  He's... Just then, Kristen hears the unmistakable SOUND of Freddy knives scraping against a nearby metal surface. KRISTEN (cont'd) (crying out)
13) 8) text: It's Freddy... He's here.  I heard him.
17) 0) text: The morning sun is rising behind the broad-limbed trees t shade a collection of unassuming homes.  It's a peaceful  neighborhood.  Just the kind that Freddy used to like. A girl pulls up in front of one house.  She's driving a V Rabbit Convertible. It's Kristen.  She wears a long sleeve shirt, but a bulge reveals where her arm is bandaged.
28) 0) text: Kincaid watches in horror as the sinister figure rises fr the grave.  FREDDY'S BACK. Freddy raises his right hand, and with a flick of his wri extends the long shiny BLADES at the ends of the fingers  (like switch blades.).
28) 1) dialog: You shouldn't've buried me...I'm not  dead. Kincaid doesn't hesitate for another second.  Before Fred even starts to move toward him, the terrified dreamer tur and runs.  He finds the opening where he entered, and mad squeezes himself back through it.
29) 0) text: Kincaid starts to weave his way through the maze of piled cars. He turns a corner and pauses to catch his breath.  He loo around.  There's no sign of Freddy.  Breathing hard, he t around at the piles of cars around him.  The expression o his face tells us he's got an idea.
29) 5) dialog: (smiling)
29) 6) text: Tell them Freddy sent ya!! HAHAHAHA! Freddy pushes the knives farther and farther into Kincaid The tips of the sharp blades POP out of the center of  Kincaid's back.  ONE AT A TIME, ACCENTED BY CRUEL SOUND F FREDDY (cont'd)
42) 2) dialog: How's this for a wet dream?
42) 4) dialog: Two down.  One to go.  Hahahaha! CAMERA moves back around the room to the LED meter, watch as it dies down to nothing.
49) 0) text: Kristen tries to navigate through the thin space.  She  SCREAMS and starts running as arms begin bursting out of sides of the corridor.  She ducks as they grab for her.   They're Freddy-arms, each one weilding his deadly claw. The arms force her down the next segment of the corridor. she looks ahead she sees she's been led straight to Fredd He LAUGHS.
49) 2) dialog: And then there were none... Freddy charges towards her. She turns and runs, but sudde Freddy is right in front of her.  She stops cold and  concentrates.
49) 4) dialog: Elm Street's last brat. Freddy steps forward and raises his blades.  He's about t strike.  Trapped, Kristen raises her hands in a final fut attempt at self-defense. But before Freddy can swing his deadly blades down at her Kristen's outstretched arm suddenly BURSTS INTO FLAME.  S screams and then we CUT TO
50) 0) text: Freddy's "last brat" line ECHOES a few times before FADIN out as Kristen comes awake. Kristen jumps out of the chair as FLAMES shoot out of her wastebasket.  Her cigarette has started a small fire.  Sh grabs her can of soda and pours the rest out onto the fir putting it out.  She nurtures a small burn on her hand. She turns to the window and cries out under her breath:
53) 9) dialog: I need to draw some blood... Kristen lets out a scream.
59) 20) dialog: Time to turn, or else you'll burn! Kristen is sunken halfway into the sand, preventing escap Freddy raises his claw as if to attack Kristen and the sh of the claw BURNS BLISTERS onto her otherwise pale skin. Freddy saunters over, unaffected by the quicksand.  He  watches the girl struggle and laughs when her screaming m fills with sand as she SINKS BELOW THE SURFACE
60) 0) text: Kristen appears, hanging upside down on all fours on the  ceiling of the room. She's disoriented.  She starts to ge some kind of bearing and starts crawling towards a wall. She makes it and struggles to reach a door.  She crawls d the wall and manages to open the door.  She flings hersel through it. Kristen is horrified to discover that she is back in the  boiler room.  The place is really strange now. There's a and steam all around She realizes she's standing on a catwalk high above the r She looks around and sees that Freddy is standing in fron a furnace, watching her with a grin on his face. With a defiant cry, Kristen runs at Freddy.  She does a  series of cartwheels and throws herself at her tormentor, crashing into him. Caught off guard, Freddy stumbles backwards and falls ont the grating.
60) 1) dialog: Do it til ya dizzy...hahahahaha!
60) 3) dialog: But you're all alone! Freddy advances on the terrified girl. FREDDY (cont'd)
60) 4) text: Hey, Kristen!  Why don't you call in some  help? Freddy closes in.  Kristen struggles not to drag anyone i
60) 6) dialog: Reach out and touch someone. Freddy raises his claw to slash Kristen.  She panics and reflex, calls for:
60) 9) dialog: How sweet!  Fresh meat! Kristen suddenly SLAPS Alice HARD across the face.
60) 11) text: Leave her alone!!! Freddy grabs Kristen, and as Alice reacts in utter horror throws her into a nearby wall in which appears a burning of flames. Kristen writhes as she burns. As the flames finish off the doomed girl, a BLAST OF ENER shoots out of the steaming furnace and slams into Freddy. His body crackles, he arches his back and seems to grow a CONTORTS and PULSATES.
60) 12) dialog: 
60) 15) text: You'll need my power... A second bolt of energy flies from Kristen's body inside furnace and SLAMS into Alice, causing her to glow and sha Freddy closes in for the kill and is about to slice into  Alice. KRISTEN'S SMOLDERING FACE pushes out and emerges onto  Freddy's chest.
61) 0) text: Alice sits bolt upright in bed, screaming.  She takes a f breathes, gets her bearings then walks towards her vanity She stares at the mirror. One of the pictures on it is new.  It's a snapshot of a  beaming Freddy and a terrified Kristen down in the boiler room.  Freddy smiles for the camera.  Alice stares at it. She turns it over. There's an inscription on the back.  It reads FREDDY AND  KRISTEN, HELL, 1988.  The picture suddenly BURSTS into fl and disintegrates, startling Alice.  She looks back at th mirror.  The hole the picture has left on the reflective  surface allows Alice to see a portion of her face. Her  reflection is subtly altered, more enhanced. Rick bursts in.
68) 2) dialog: School's out. Finally Sheila pulls her arm free, but the bar slips arou her waist, entrapping her. Freddy heads down the aisle. Sheila's breathing all but stops.  She tries to scream, b can only choke and wheeze. FREDDY (cont'd)
68) 3) text: Suck me sideways...Save your breath. Freddy yanks Sheila to him and kisses her hard on the mou and begins to suck, literally drawing the air from her lu The Freddy-created-vacuum is intense.  Sheila's ribs are  drawn into themselves and CRACK IN HALF.  Her body is  imploding as her insides, life essence, is sucked complet dry. Young skin now cracked and peeling brown.  The rind you t away.  Freddy lets go of Sheila's shell and it drops to t desk with a dusty THUD. FREDDY (cont'd)
68) 4) text: Sorry, you fail. Freddy turns to the terrified Alice. He walks over,  screeching his talons on the blackboard.
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
72) 6) text: Now if I could only kick the habit. He's holding an oversized martini glass.  His face looks the worst case of alcoholic deterioration.  Blood seeps f burst blood vessels in his eyes, his nose is red and line and warped. He's wearing Freddy's sweater.  He takes a swig off the h Vodka bottle.  He vomits up blood as he speaks. JOHNSON (cont'd) (Freddy's voice)
73) 11) text: Freddy lives in my dreams, Rick.  Like he  did with Kristen.  My dreams, the one  thing I had to myself.
81) 0) text: The doors slam shut in Rick's face.  Suddenly the elevato rocketed downward.  Rick holds on for his life.  The butt sequence faster and faster until they are a blurry glow. Through the elevator speaker comes Freddy's voice.
81) 1) dialog: Going down.  Women's wear, lingerie,  cutlery, butcher knives.  China... The elevator comes to sudden halt, Rick is thrown to the  ground by the impact.  He gets up and looks around as the door opens into:
82) 2) dialog: A true warrior, Rick-san, needs no eyes. Rick is kicked again and floored.  He stands, now angry. flails around at the air, then is hit again.
82) 4) dialog: Ninja warriors have calm.  Find your  balance, Rick. Rick is hit again and thrown back against a screen which  breaks.  He stands up slowly, with ultimate concentration turns quickly as if with radar. Suddenly he kicks back at air and connects.  A resounding thump is heard.  He  progresses forward in a series of karate moves all of whi connect soundly and quickly with the invisible force.
82) 6) text: Hahaha.  You superhero.  How you gonna  get me without your weapon?  You're dead  meat. Rick looks down as Freddy's laugh resounds through the ro Suddenly the glove jumps up in the air and goes straight Rick, reaming him in the stomach.  Rick falls over - dead
82) 7) dialog: Hari-kari to you and your balance, boy.   Sayonara, Rick-san.
87) 2) text: Hey, you know I wouldn't leave you all  alone.  This was just to fool Freddy.   I'm here. Alice stares at him, longingly.  Finally she shakes her h 'no'.  
111) 2) text: C'mon, honey.  I don't want to be here  forever. Alice notes the waitress' name badge: ALICE The waitress turns and heads down to the end of the count As the woman walks away, Alice swivels on her stool to wa her go. Alice is startled to discover that another PATRON is now  sitting next to her.  IT'S FREDDY.
111) 3) dialog: If the food don't kill ya, the service  will, hahaha! The waitress brings over a piping hot pizza.  She places in front of Freddy.
112) 2) dialog: Ahhhh!  The usual! Alice reacts in horror to the death-pizza.  The faces cry to her.  Their voices are high and squeaky, as you'd expe miniature voices to be.  The effect would be comical if i wasn't so torturous.
112) 4) dialog: I love SOUL FOOD!  Bring me more!! Alice tries not to, but a WHOOSH tells us that she's drag someone in.  Alice looks back towards the movie theater. It's gone.  What we see is Debbie's attic.
114) 0) text: Freddy CACKLES triumphantly.  He turns to Alice.
114) 1) dialog: Your shift is over.
122) 0) text: As Debbie extends the weights we can SEE FREDDY KRUEGER'S REFLECTION in the steel barbells.  Debbie brings the weig down and up again and Freddy is gone. Debbie slips the barbell into the resting place so she ca catch her breath.  She cracks her knuckles.  Suddenly, we one of Freddy's claws out the stereo box. Debbie reacts with puzzlement.
126) 0) text: Debbie CRACKS the knuckles on the other hand and goes to the weight.  AS she reaches up, FREDDY'S HANDS are alread there. Freddy starts to force the bell down on Debbie's throat a she begins to struggle against it.
126) 3) dialog: I believe in you... Straining hard to keep the weight from crushing her... Freddy laughs as he exerts more pressure and Debbie can o close her eyes and SCREAM in pain as her ELBOWS SNAP in t Cracked in half, bone tearing through the flesh and muscl FREDDY (cont'd) (laughing)
128) 0) text: Debbie forces herself to her feet, broken arms hanging li at her side. Insect like claws emerge out of the breaks in her arms. human flesh flops to the floor.  She ducks as Freddy heav the barbell into the mirrors in the attic. He starts advancing on her, claws CLICKING. Debbie looks up to Freddy with a pathetic
139) 0) text: Debbie, now more roach than girl, sees another struggling roach in the corner.  Debbie painfully turns towards the  doorway and sees FREDDY'S HUGE EYE PEERING IN.
140) 0) text: Debbie SCREAMS at the huge FREDDY eye.  Freddy stands,  laughing, a "roach motel" bug trap in his hand.
140) 1) dialog: You can check in, but you can't check  out! Freddy crushes the trap with a disgusting sound.
143) 1) text: Freddy standing defiantly in the middle of the road, laug maniacally at Dan's on-coming truck.
145) 0) text: In the dream, the truck bears down on Freddy, smoke drift off the tires. We see Alice sneer as the truck passes right through Fred and SMASHES into a void, an invisible brick wall. The truck's front end gets totaled. Bits of metal and gla fly through the air as the truck crumples, as if it has h solid stone.
158) 0) text: Alice throws the gun and the shells on the bed.  She open bottle of sleeping pills and pops more than enough for a on Freddy express. She starts to load the gun, inserting each shell with vic precision.  She cocks it.
160) 0) text: Suddenly, Dan starts to choke He opens his eyes and sees the doctor standing over him. It's FREDDY in surgical greens, razor-fingers at the read Dan pulls the mask from his face and cries out.
160) 2) dialog: It ain't Dr. Seuss! Hahahaha!
162) 0) text: Alice rolls onto the floor.  She now has the image of the DREAM MASTER from her mirror, complete with all the regal She's one pissed superhero. She looks around. Freddy's gone. Alice helps Dan off the table, since we're in the dream, injury is healed.  He gets an eyeful of Alice's spectacul new appearance.
162) 4) text: I'll mail your guts back to hell!!! Alice starts to hurl the instruments at Freddy Kung Fu st with blurring speed and accuracy.  Rick would be proud. Alice nails Freddy once, a dozen times in the space of a seconds.  Freddy doubles over, sharp instruments sticking of every part of him.  Alice advances on him and delivers massive, sharp kick to Freddy's balls.  Freddy makes a SO that banshees would flee from. Alice grabs Dan and the two plunge through the doors.
163) 0) text: Dan and Alice run into the hallway.  But it's no hallway, it's a huge, rotating cylinder.  It looks like a hallway, it's spinning.  Dan and Alice immediately become dizzy. At the end of the hallway, there's a large, wall-to-wall  sheet of colorful lights.  It gives the impression that D and Alice are trapped within a huge kaleidoscope. They careen down the hallway and go crashing through the  colorful lights, which turn out to be stained glass. Dan and Alice CRASH through a stained glass window withou the gurney and land with such tremendous force that even  after hitting the floor they don't stop.  They skid along floor, out of control. Keeping Dan's hand in one hand, Alice reaches out and SLA her spiked bracelet into the floor.  The spikes dig in an serve as her break.  They SCREECH across the floor, smoke rises from the grooves they make.  Alice digs in deeper a they manage to come to a stop in a pile of broken stained glass. They stand up, just as Freddy appears.
163) 1) dialog: Welcome to wonderland, Alice!  Hahahaha! Dan leaps at Freddy.  Freddy slashes him across the chest superficially, but there's plenty of blood.
167) 0) text: Alice crouches into a fighting position (a la Rick) as  Krueger advances, finger-blades flashing. Alice leaps and delivers a perfect kick to Freddy's face, knocking him back. Alice lands on her feet as Freddy lunges for her! Alice jumps over a church pew as Freddy slashes at the ai Alice whirls and kicks Freddy again and again and again. Just pounding him. But Freddy laughs at the blows.
167) 1) dialog: (contemptuous)
167) 2) text: You think you got what it takes, I been  guarding my gate forever, hahaha! Freddy grabs Alice by the ankle and whirls her around lik rag doll and tosses her away. Alice is thrown the length of the church and CRASHES into confessional booth; splintered wood and cracking bones. Alice sinks heavy among the debris.  She doesn't move.   Freddy advances on her.  Going in for the kill.  Just whe he's close enough, Alice springs up.  She was playing pos She reaches out and PUNCHES a hole in the wall behind the debris of the confessional.  She pulls out several crackl electric cables.  She looks bizarre and powerful framed f moment in the blue light of the sparkling electricity. She rips off the gadget from around her neck and aims it Freddy.  Freddy LAUGHS at her and it. Alice shoves on of the electric cables into the center of gadget.  It HUMS and BUILDS and GLOWS until a LOUD,  incredibly powerful LASER BOLT shoots out of it and hits  Freddy square in the chest. A stunned Freddy looks at his mid-section.  Quite frankly it's missing.  There's only a gaping, smoking hole throug which Alice can see the rest of the church. Alice throws the smoking gadget and cable to the floor. has no time to savor her temporary victory however. Freddy's playing fill in the blanks with himself.  The  charred hole in his mid-section begins to fill in.  In a  matter of seconds, he's whole again. He laughs and starts to advance on Alice.  Frustrated, sh grabs a huge cross which she handles easily, then charges him. Freddy raises the cross.  On one pass, she tears open  Freddy's sweater, revealing the faces of the souls trappe within Freddy.  She gags at the sight. Freddy seizes the moment and grabs the cross.  He tosses away. Freddy SMACKS Alice across the face.  He grabs the back o her head and throws her over him, across the church and i the altar.  He advances on her. FREDDY (cont'd)
167) 3) text: I am eternal... Alice is looking pretty bloody.  She tries to fend off Fr but he smashes her into the opposite wall.  She crumples pain beneath the broken stained glass window she came in  through. Freddy's coming for her.  His tongue wiggling like a deme Wile E. Coyote about to grab the Road Runner. The kids in the choirs SING OUT.
167) 6) text: Let evil see itself... Alice looks down and sees a large piece of stained glass. She sees her reflection in it, unbruised, pretty, the tru her.  She scoops it up and holds it in front of Freddy. The chorus of ghostly kids complete the rhyme with Alice.
168) 0) text: We ZOOM down into Freddy's innards which are made up of  struggling dead kids.  The souls, all trapped and hanging inside Freddy's body, start to break free as they SCREAM CRY.
169) 0) text: We travel through, then emerge out of FREDDY'S EYE.  We P BACK to reveal that Freddy's entire body is pulsing and  ripping from within.
169) 3) text: You're dead... All's quiet except for a steady wind that blows the shell Freddy Krueger and his hat down the church aisle. And out the door.  The double doors SLAM SHUT.