2) 0) text: A SERIES OF CLOSE SHOTS FOLLOW THE MOVEMENTS of the tiny as it proceeds to lay out an intricate CHALK DRAWING on t walkway. For a while, we are too close to identify the image that being created.  But as THE CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see a  youthful artist's representation of a two story HOUSE. The CAMERA TILTS UP, revealing a LITTLE GIRL in white dre She's holding a handful of colored chalk.  Behind her sit the ELM STREET HOUSE. As the TITLES END, we...
4) 0) text: Kristen stops and looks down at the angelic little girl w has been creating the childish drawing of Freddy's house. Kneeling down beside her, Kristen takes a closer look at colorful chalk sketch. It has an almost exaggerated cheerfulness.  And although  awkwardly rendered, it makes the house look new, and the well-tended.  The idyllic sidewalk illustration looks not like its subject, which has peeling paint, boarded-up  windows, and is horribly run-down.
4) 8) text: He's not home. Just then, the child lifts her hand away from the picture What Kristen sees makes her gasp.  A crudely drawn, but  easily recognizable image of FREDDY KRUEGER is visible be one of the windows. There is a CRACK of LIGHTNING, and drops of rain start to sprinkle down on to the girl and her drawing.
5) 0) text: Kristen glances up at the sky.  Rain trickles onto her fa Then after a second, she looks back down at the sidewalk. THE LITTLE GIRL IS GONE.  Kristen scans the area, but the child is nowhere to be seen. Rain is splashing down on the chalk illustration. Not onl the image washing away, but as the colors blend together, they form a liquid that looks just like BLOOD. Kristen hears a CREAKING NOISE coming from the direction the house.  She turns and stares at the menacing structur The front door is SLOWLY OPENING.  Somehow Kristen seems  unsurprised by this.  And as though drawn by an  uncontrollable urge, she turns toward the house.  With  thunder and lightning crashing above her, she walks  deliberately toward the open door.
17) 0) text: The morning sun is rising behind the broad-limbed trees t shade a collection of unassuming homes.  It's a peaceful  neighborhood.  Just the kind that Freddy used to like. A girl pulls up in front of one house.  She's driving a V Rabbit Convertible. It's Kristen.  She wears a long sleeve shirt, but a bulge reveals where her arm is bandaged.
18) 2) text: That's nice. Johnson turns away.  His daughter ALICE shows up at the d slinking warily by her father.  In a definite contrast to Kristen's easy beauty, Alice is not especially well put  together.  And yet there's something about this shy-looki girl that suggests that she might be incredibly attractiv she had any confidence. 
18) 18) text: Okay, honey.  I'm off to the club! The girls chuckle as Johnson becomes embarrassed and SLAM the door on the kids.
19) 0) text: Springwood High doesn't look particularly inviting, but h many high schools do?  STUDENTS are arriving on foot, on  bikes, and in a variety of motor vehicles. Kristen, Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen's VW Rabbit  Convertible and park.  They step onto the sidewalk and cr along beside the STUDENT PARKING LOT.  They stop beside a ATTRACTIVE GIRL who is leaning against a car, listening t the blasting radio inside. The girl, DEBBIE STEVENS, is one well put together item. tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the tracks,  trying to compensate for her roots with defensive spunk,  sexy, and she knows it.
42) 0) text: Posters of rock groups and girls line the walls.  The cam pans them slowly, tilting down past a particularly  provocative poster of a sexy bikinied babe.  CAMERA reach the LED display of a stereo's VU meter, which is hitting the red peaks.  But we can barely hear any music. The CAMERA FOLLOWS a headphone cord away from the stereo, passes some gorgeous pin-up POSTERS on the wall, and then finally reveals Joey stretched out on his waterbed.  He h his TV hooked up to his stereo and is watching MTV, which HEARS through the headphones. They're rocking out to a tune that spills out of his  headphones.  He's also flipping through the latest issue Rolling Stone.  His eyes slowly shut. The magazine drops to his chest. ALL AT ONCE, a rocking motion starts to make Joey rock ba and forth.  Something is causing waves within the waterbe Joey snaps to.  He notices that the girl in the slutty po has vanished, leaving only her photographed background. has no time to be puzzled, however as he rolls over and p back the sheets on the bed... To Joey's surprise and delight, a beautiful NAKED GIRL is staring up at him from INSIDE HIS WATERBED. Not just any girl, but the GIRL FROM THE POSTER.  Her hai floating around her face, and she's pressing her body up  against the inside of the clear plastic.  Her voice can't heard, but it looks like she's mouthing Joey's name.
54) 0) text: Kristen's eyes suddenly SNAP OPEN.  The Nurse is passing ampule of smelling salts under the girl's nose.  The woma leans down over her and smiles.
59) 15) text: Thanks, Alice. She slowly glances around the beach.  Down near the water LITTLE GIRL is building a SAND CASTLE. When the child turns and looks at her, Kirsten sees that the same little girl that she saw drawing a picture on th sidewalk.
60) 11) text: Leave her alone!!! Freddy grabs Kristen, and as Alice reacts in utter horror throws her into a nearby wall in which appears a burning of flames. Kristen writhes as she burns. As the flames finish off the doomed girl, a BLAST OF ENER shoots out of the steaming furnace and slams into Freddy. His body crackles, he arches his back and seems to grow a CONTORTS and PULSATES.
74) 14) dialog: Danny, we're going to be late for the  drive-in! Dan is embarrassed, so is Alice, who's also jealous.
75) 4) text: Speaking of weird, you gotta feel for  that guy.  Dead girlfriend and a basket  case sister. Dan angrily reacts to this.  He shoves the buddy up again the lockers.
78) 0) text: Rick sits on the toilet. He looks up in surprise when the door begins to rattle.  A bunch of girls in cheerleading  costume suddenly barge in.  They look down at Rick and la as he struggles to pull up his trousers. Suddenly the room begins to shake.  Rick looks around and sees the room transform into an elevator.  Buttons push o of the walls and the doors change.
79) 0) text: One of the girls pushes button #13.  The elevator shoots Rick is astonished.  The doors open and the girls shove o Rick can see Alice among the girls.  She is pushing forwa trying to go help him.  She disappears in the crowd.  Ric looks around at:
111) 0) text: Alice turns and looks around the diner.  It's in just as shape inside as it was out.  It may be open for business, there are no customers to be seen.  A single WAITRESS is  standing behind the barren counter. Alice walks across to the counter, and settles onto a sto The waitress steps over, and slides a tattered menu in fr of her.  Alice studies the woman for a moment.  Something about her is familiar.  It makes the girl uneasy. In her sixties, the waitress looks like she's worked ever day of her life.  Her hair is streaked with gray, and the are deep pockets under her eyes.  She seems to be the kin person whose life has passed her completely by.
139) 0) text: Debbie, now more roach than girl, sees another struggling roach in the corner.  Debbie painfully turns towards the  doorway and sees FREDDY'S HUGE EYE PEERING IN.