11) 3) text: No!!  Kincaide!  Joey!  Help me!!
13) 4) text: Joey, thank God!!  I thought...
13) 5) dialog: Thought what?  Of dragging us in here?
13) 12) dialog: Now way, Kincaid's right, Fred Krueger is  history, c'mere... He leads her around the Boiler Room.  He makes her touch  pipes, and then positions her in front of the large furna JOEY (cont'd)
14) 0) text: Joey wakes up with a start, and tries to re-orient himsel His sudden movements cause his waterbed to slosh back and forth like crazy.
22) 0) text: STUDENTS are moving through the hallway that cuts through center of Springwood High. Kristen is standing against one wall, spinning the dial o her locker.  Rick can be seen a dozen lockers down from h Kristen gets the locker open, grabs a couple of her books then slams it shut.  But as the locker door swings away, SUDDENLY REVEALS the faces of Kincaid and Joey just inche from Kristen.  They startle the hell out of her.
23) 7) dialog: Let it rest. 'Sides, who knows, you might  stir him back up if you keep going in.   Kincaid and I'll help, we're still a  team, and we ALL have better things to  dream about.
42) 0) text: Posters of rock groups and girls line the walls.  The cam pans them slowly, tilting down past a particularly  provocative poster of a sexy bikinied babe.  CAMERA reach the LED display of a stereo's VU meter, which is hitting the red peaks.  But we can barely hear any music. The CAMERA FOLLOWS a headphone cord away from the stereo, passes some gorgeous pin-up POSTERS on the wall, and then finally reveals Joey stretched out on his waterbed.  He h his TV hooked up to his stereo and is watching MTV, which HEARS through the headphones. They're rocking out to a tune that spills out of his  headphones.  He's also flipping through the latest issue Rolling Stone.  His eyes slowly shut. The magazine drops to his chest. ALL AT ONCE, a rocking motion starts to make Joey rock ba and forth.  Something is causing waves within the waterbe Joey snaps to.  He notices that the girl in the slutty po has vanished, leaving only her photographed background. has no time to be puzzled, however as he rolls over and p back the sheets on the bed... To Joey's surprise and delight, a beautiful NAKED GIRL is staring up at him from INSIDE HIS WATERBED. Not just any girl, but the GIRL FROM THE POSTER.  Her hai floating around her face, and she's pressing her body up  against the inside of the clear plastic.  Her voice can't heard, but it looks like she's mouthing Joey's name.
42) 1) dialog: What a great bed!! Entranced, Joey spreads his arms out over the girl and ti to hug her.  He's in heaven.  She starts to slowly drift from him, DROPPING DOWN into the water until her features no longer clear. SUDDENLY, the swimming figure bobs back up to the surface the bed.  But it's no longer a beautiful girl.  IT'S FRED Our old pal smiles up at Joey and the blades of his knive push against the surface of the vinyl mattress. Joey cries out, but before he has time to react, Freddy's arms rip up through the plastic and grab a hold of the bo As water gushes all over, Freddy's demonic face pops up  behind him.
42) 3) dialog: Noooo!!!!  Kristen!  Help! Freddy pulls Joey back down beneath the surface of the be and holds him under.  Joey thrashes, but its hopeless.
44) 0) text: Joey's MOTHER comes in to say goodnight.
44) 2) text: C'mon, give your mother a kiss. She pulls down the covers to reveal Joey in the bed.  She screams. Joey is floating motionless INSIDE THE WATERBED.  His fac pressed up against the unbroken vinyl surface, his hair i billowing back in the still-swirling current, and his eye are open in an eerie death stare.
51) 3) text: Have you seen Joey and Kincaid!  God, I  can't find them.  I can't find them  anywhere.
56) 35) text: How could I let him get them?  Kincaid,  the badass motherfucker with the heart of  gold.  And Joey, shy, sweet Joey.  So shy  and so oversexed. Kristen smiles through her tears.  Good memories. KRISTEN (cont'd)