18) 0) text: Kristen quickly walks to the side door of a modest house. After ringing the bell, she glances out at the sidewalk. Kristen turns back, a STERN-LOOKING MAN is standing in th open doorway.  Although probably not much over forty, DEN JOHNSON'S face shows a lot of wear; too much scotch, too work.  He's dressed for work and is preparing to leave, b his hangover is self-evident.
18) 2) text: That's nice. Johnson turns away.  His daughter ALICE shows up at the d slinking warily by her father.  In a definite contrast to Kristen's easy beauty, Alice is not especially well put  together.  And yet there's something about this shy-looki girl that suggests that she might be incredibly attractiv she had any confidence. 
18) 4) text: Hi, Kristen...Rick'll be out any second. Kristen looks in the doorway at Johnson who is holding a  tomato-juice and spices hangover delight.  Kristen makes face.  Alice turns as Johnson looks up.
18) 5) dialog: (to Alice)
18) 11) dialog: No, it's okay.  Maybe you can help her. Johnson pours a shot of Vodka into his morning concoction SLAMS the door shut, leaving the two girls alone on the f porch.  Kristen is about to console Alice when they HEAR RUSTLING sound above them.  RICK, Alice's brother, is  shimmying out of an upper floor window. He reaches for a nearby tree, and with surprising grace h maneuvers to the ground and lands smiling in front of the girls.  He gives Kristen a quick kiss.
18) 16) dialog: Waiting for a limo? Rick grabs his father's face and gives him a big, noisy k on the cheek.
18) 18) text: Okay, honey.  I'm off to the club! The girls chuckle as Johnson becomes embarrassed and SLAM the door on the kids.
36) 0) text: Rick stops his exercises and steps away from the opening  electric door.  The car jerks into the garage, and Johnso climbs out.  As he walks uneasily to the house, he takes quick nip from the bottle he's brought home.  Johnson bec self conscious when he sees his sone watching him.
36) 1) dialog: First one of the day, scout's honor. He shuffles by Rick.
37) 0) text: Johnson comes in and crosses to Alice.  Rick follows as f as the doorway but holds his position there.
37) 1) dialog: I'm late, I know, damn contracts...Let's  eat.
37) 4) dialog: (disgusted)
39) 1) dialog: Do I speak in foreign tongues?  Alice,  I'm talking to you.  Are you awake or  what? Alice doesn't answer.
39) 3) dialog: Start what?  Telling the little  daydreamer to wake up?  It's long  overdue. Johnson gets up and heads out. JOHNSON (cont'd)
39) 4) text: Hell with this.   JOHNSON (cont'd)
72) 2) dialog: Hi.  I heard about what happened at the  school.  I guess I haven't been very much  of a father through this. Alice shrugs.
72) 4) dialog: Nah, I've been using that excuse since  your mother died. He crosses to the fridge, opens the door, and bends down take a look.  The door blocks Alice's and our view of him JOHNSON (cont'd)
72) 5) text: But I promise honey, I'll make things  better for you... The fridge door SLAMS shut, revealing Johnson. JOHNSON (cont'd)
72) 6) text: Now if I could only kick the habit. He's holding an oversized martini glass.  His face looks the worst case of alcoholic deterioration.  Blood seeps f burst blood vessels in his eyes, his nose is red and line and warped. He's wearing Freddy's sweater.  He takes a swig off the h Vodka bottle.  He vomits up blood as he speaks. JOHNSON (cont'd) (Freddy's voice)
86) 0) text: Yet another funeral is taking place in Springwood.  Mourn gather around the grave site.  Johnson stands before the  grave, disheveled, unshaven, a wreck.  There are a few te classmates of Rick. Alice and Debbie stand off to the side.  Alice is clutchi Rick's oriental bandana tightly in one hand.  Debbie is  sobbing softly.  Alice is cold blue steel.  She's wearing Rick's dark sunglasses.
89) 0) text: Johnson is slumped in a chair watching a soundless TV.  A Alice ENTERS, dressed to leave, he rises to stop her.  
89) 1) dialog: No, you're not leaving this house. He stands in front of her, slightly menacing.
89) 3) dialog: Honey, I may be a drunk, but I want you  here.  We're all we have... Alice softens.
89) 5) dialog: Nope, gonna watch you, didn't watch him,  lost him, won't lose you...you're stayin'  in... Alice waits a moment, then reaches out and puts a hand on father's face. She holds it there a second. JOHNSON (cont'd)
89) 6) text: You're becoming beautiful, I never  noticed before... Johnson clumsily backs up and pours another drink. Alice  heads back upstairs.
148) 0) text: An intern and a nurse are trying to put Dan to sleep, but he's fighting them back. At least making it difficult. Alice stands by watching as THE DOCTOR, JOHNSON and DAN'S PARENTS run into the ER.  Alice charges the doctor.
148) 3) dialog: Let it be, Alice.  They'll help him. Johnson reaches in his pocket for his car keys.
148) 5) dialog: Alice, dammit, get back here.