11) 3) text: No!!  Kincaide!  Joey!  Help me!!
12) 0) text: Kincaid is sitting at his desk, his head drooped down ove open copy of an illustrated sports magazine.  A harmless- looking MONGREL is sleeping at his feet. Suddenly, Kincaid's chair BEGINS TO SHAKE.  He lifts his in surprise just as he suddenly flies from the chair and  sails through the air, straight towards a wall in his roo But instead of piling into the solid surface, Kincaid sai right through it and DISAPPEARS into the void.
13) 0) text: Kincaid falls into the Boiler Room, crashing through a pi of rusty pipes and boilers.  As soon as he catches his  breath, he looks up and sees Kristen.  He quickly jumps t his feet and starts to yell at his friend.
13) 1) dialog: Awww shit, Kristen, not again.... Kristen motions for Kincaid to LISTEN as the SCREECHING  continues.   Kincaid, unimpressed, shows Kristen that it's merely the  metal arature of a boiler attachment SCRAPING against a  railing. KINCAID (cont'd)
13) 2) text: You are one spooked chick... Before Kincaid can say another word, Kristen holds up her hand.  FOOTSTEPS are echoing out of the shadows behind th
13) 6) dialog: Yeah, cut it out.  You're puttin' a dent  in my beauty sleep. They both glare at Kristen.  They're pissed.  
13) 9) dialog: Chill out, Kristen...Freddy's dead,  buried, and consecrated.  We won,  remember?
15) 0) text: Kincaid jerks his head up off his desk, and glances aroun his room with an expression of relief.  Then he hears a  WHIMPERING sound and looks down. His dog is staring up at him with uncomprehending eyes.   There is BLOOD around the animal's mouth.
22) 0) text: STUDENTS are moving through the hallway that cuts through center of Springwood High. Kristen is standing against one wall, spinning the dial o her locker.  Rick can be seen a dozen lockers down from h Kristen gets the locker open, grabs a couple of her books then slams it shut.  But as the locker door swings away, SUDDENLY REVEALS the faces of Kincaid and Joey just inche from Kristen.  They startle the hell out of her.
22) 2) dialog: Hi guys?!?  Hi guys?!?!  That's all you  got to say after last night? Kristen studies her two angry friends for a moment, then  speaks up in a firm voice.
22) 4) dialog: Yo open this sucker up!! He pounds on the metal above. It moves just enough to rev a thin crack of blue light.  He continues to mutter to  himself in confusion. He pounds a few more times, starting to panic, when the m above his head finally pops open.
23) 0) text: Kincaid sticks his head out of the trunk of a wrecked car looks around.  He's in an ominous auto graveyard.
23) 1) dialog: This ain't my dreamland.  KRISTEN.  IF 
23) 4) text: Kristen? He collects himself and puts on a badass walking gait.  W he hears a low GROWLING, Kincaid looks down.  A few feet from him is his dog.  It has an odd expression on its fac KINCAID (cont'd)
23) 8) dialog: You got that right, signed and sealed. Kristen wants to believe, but she can't, because:
23) 10) dialog: That don't mean dick.  My dog's like me.   Drag him into a crazy dream and he gets  wild. The guys see Rick approaching. KINCAID (cont'd) (jokingly, trying to change the  subject)
23) 11) text: Here comes your boyfriend.  Can't he give  you a good night's sleep? Rick arrives in time to hear Kincaid's comment.
24) 0) text: Kincaid is getting into bed.  His night time attire consi of a T-shirt and a pair of sweat pants. As the sleepy young man settles between the sheets, a FOR begins to slowly open the door behind him.  It SQUEAKS as inches open.  Kincaid is on alert.  After a few moments o suspense, Kincaid's mangy dog shoves the door the rest of way open, and trots into the room. The mutt hops up onto the bed and circles a couple of tim When it finally lies down, Kincaid shoves it over a bit.
24) 1) dialog: Come on, Jason, move over. The dog and his master adjust their positions, then Kinca reaches over and turns off the light.
24) 2) dialog: His eyes slowly shut.  The room is still.  But suddenly a SCREECHING SOUND wakes him.
25) 0) text: Kincaid opens his eyes.  It's too dark for him to see muc so he reaches for the light on his bedstand.  But instead finding a lamp, his hand slams against a metal surface.
26) 0) text: The dog is furiously digging below the back of an imposin looking OLD CADILLAC.  Some strange instinct seems to hav overpowered the animal.  The boy rushes forward and tries to stop his dog.  But it no longer acting like a friendly pet, and it turns and sn at him viciously. Kincaid stops and stares in disbelief as the dog lifts it leg and PISSES FIRE onto the spot where it's been digging A FLAMING STREAM runs along the ground, and a moment late the earth RUMBLES and starts to CRACK OPEN along this lin fire.  Shafts of light erupt out of the crack. Its job complete, the dog howls and runs off into the nig Kincaid watches it disappear between the stacks of cars, steps forward and looks down into the SMOLDERING PIT.
28) 0) text: Kincaid watches in horror as the sinister figure rises fr the grave.  FREDDY'S BACK. Freddy raises his right hand, and with a flick of his wri extends the long shiny BLADES at the ends of the fingers  (like switch blades.).
29) 0) text: Kincaid starts to weave his way through the maze of piled cars. He turns a corner and pauses to catch his breath.  He loo around.  There's no sign of Freddy.  Breathing hard, he t around at the piles of cars around him.  The expression o his face tells us he's got an idea.
29) 3) dialog: Take that, mutha-fucker! Kincaide jumps to the ground.  As soon as he lands, the c around him go wild.  HORNS HONK, lights flash, windshield wipers wipe. Suddenly before Kincaid can react, cars start to pile in  around him.  He spins around to watch as he is quickly bo in by piles of cars which come crashing in. Kincaid is boxed in like a trapped mouse.  The HORNS on t cars around him HONK and headlights flash at him.  There is no way out.  He's completely trapped in a space much larger than a single car. Suddenly, Kincaid hears a SCRAPING NOISE right behind him Freddy's claws are SCRAPING a windshield. He spins around, and finds FREDDY standing just inches aw with his knives raised. Freddy brings his blades down and jams them into Kincaid' chest. KINCAID (cont'd) (gurgling)
29) 6) text: Tell them Freddy sent ya!! HAHAHAHA! Freddy pushes the knives farther and farther into Kincaid The tips of the sharp blades POP out of the center of  Kincaid's back.  ONE AT A TIME, ACCENTED BY CRUEL SOUND F FREDDY (cont'd)
30) 0) text: Kincaid's eyes shoot open and he clutches his chest in ag His dog wakes and nuzzles up to his dying master, but the is oblivious to the dog's tender attention. With his final breath, Kincaid tries unsuccessfully to ca out Kristen's name.
51) 3) text: Have you seen Joey and Kincaid!  God, I  can't find them.  I can't find them  anywhere.
56) 35) text: How could I let him get them?  Kincaid,  the badass motherfucker with the heart of  gold.  And Joey, shy, sweet Joey.  So shy  and so oversexed. Kristen smiles through her tears.  Good memories. KRISTEN (cont'd)