3) 0) text: The trees lining this residential street are bare, and th sway in the breeze that's blowing their dead leaves acros the sidewalk. KRISTEN, a beautiful, but pensive-looking blonde teenager walking slowly towards the ominous house.  Although her f shows signs of fear, she is moving with resolve.
4) 0) text: Kristen stops and looks down at the angelic little girl w has been creating the childish drawing of Freddy's house. Kneeling down beside her, Kristen takes a closer look at colorful chalk sketch. It has an almost exaggerated cheerfulness.  And although  awkwardly rendered, it makes the house look new, and the well-tended.  The idyllic sidewalk illustration looks not like its subject, which has peeling paint, boarded-up  windows, and is horribly run-down.
4) 3) dialog: Do you live here?
4) 6) dialog: Where's Freddy?
4) 8) text: He's not home. Just then, the child lifts her hand away from the picture What Kristen sees makes her gasp.  A crudely drawn, but  easily recognizable image of FREDDY KRUEGER is visible be one of the windows. There is a CRACK of LIGHTNING, and drops of rain start to sprinkle down on to the girl and her drawing.
5) 0) text: Kristen glances up at the sky.  Rain trickles onto her fa Then after a second, she looks back down at the sidewalk. THE LITTLE GIRL IS GONE.  Kristen scans the area, but the child is nowhere to be seen. Rain is splashing down on the chalk illustration. Not onl the image washing away, but as the colors blend together, they form a liquid that looks just like BLOOD. Kristen hears a CREAKING NOISE coming from the direction the house.  She turns and stares at the menacing structur The front door is SLOWLY OPENING.  Somehow Kristen seems  unsurprised by this.  And as though drawn by an  uncontrollable urge, she turns toward the house.  With  thunder and lightning crashing above her, she walks  deliberately toward the open door.
6) 0) text: As soon as Kristen enters the house, she hears VOICES beh her.  It's CHILDREN SINGING a strange nursery rhyme.
7) 0) text: standing out in the yard that was empty a moment before a dozen very young CHILDREN.  Dressed in their Sunday best, they are staring at Kristen as they continue to sing:
8) 0) text: The front door SLAMS SHUT with a bang.  Kristen's determi expression dissolves, and she reaches back for the doorkn It turns without resistance and the door opens with ease. Kristen rushes through the doorway, but instead of findin herself outside, she is in...
9) 0) text: Kristen's eyes widen as she compares her surroundings wit the dusty, decaying room that is visible on the other sid the still-open door.  They are exactly the same. Before she can take another step, the door slams shut aga And this time when she tries to open it, it's locked soli
9) 1) dialog: (muttering)
10) 0) text: Kristen walks in, the old floorboards creaking under her  feet.  She looks at the walls.  They are lined with eerie paintings of children playing in graveyards.  Rainwater d down from the ceiling. When FLASHES OF LIGHTNING illuminate the room, Kristen  catches sights of an old and dusty couch in one corner. couch with a distinctive RED AND GREEN STRIPED LINING. Another bolt FLASHES.  Kristen is horrified to see,  silhouetted on one of the walls, the shadow of a hand wit long, knife-like fingers. So frightened that she can barely breathe, Kristen turns the LARGE WINDOW across the room.   ANOTHER FLASH lights up the dark room, and Kristen relaxe It isn't Freddy outside the window.  It's only a tree bra Relieved, Kristen starts over toward the window.  But bef she reaches it, there is a sudden, massive CLAP OF THUNDE and the entire window EXPLODES into the room. A huge gust of WIND roars in through the shattered window and blows Kristen off her feet.
11) 0) text: Kristen tumbles down a set of heavy metal chute that has appeared out of nowhere, and lands on the concrete floor very large, dark Boiler Room.  She scrambles to her feet looks around, terrified like a trapped animal.
11) 1) dialog: (under her breath)
11) 2) text: He's not here, he's dead.  He's not here,  he's dead.  He's... Just then, Kristen hears the unmistakable SOUND of Freddy knives scraping against a nearby metal surface. KRISTEN (cont'd) (crying out)
13) 0) text: Kincaid falls into the Boiler Room, crashing through a pi of rusty pipes and boilers.  As soon as he catches his  breath, he looks up and sees Kristen.  He quickly jumps t his feet and starts to yell at his friend.
13) 2) text: You are one spooked chick... Before Kincaid can say another word, Kristen holds up her hand.  FOOTSTEPS are echoing out of the shadows behind th
13) 3) dialog: Shh... They both spin around just as a FIGURE lurches toward the Kincaid gasps, and Kristen screams.  But a moment later t each let out big sighs.  It's JOEY.  Kincaid covers his f with cool nonchalance. KRISTEN (cont'd)
13) 7) dialog: (in a halting voice)
13) 10) dialog: (shaking her head)
13) 13) text: Look... The pipes are cold, the boiler is  cold... see for yourself. He swings open the iron door on the furnace.  Kristen mov close to look in the black void.  There isn't even the gl of an ember inside.  She turns away.
13) 14) dialog: I don't know... ALL AT ONCE, a howling BEAST leaps out of the furnace.  I Kincaid's dog.  Kristen has managed to pull it into her d with its master. The terrified animal clamps its jaws around Kristen's arm and knocks the screaming girl down to the floor.
16) 0) text: Kristen throws her covers off and jumps up out of bed.  S breathing hard and her arm is BLEEDING.  Grabbing a T-shi off a chair, Kristen wraps it around the wound. She sits back down on her bed. She looks really scared.
17) 0) text: The morning sun is rising behind the broad-limbed trees t shade a collection of unassuming homes.  It's a peaceful  neighborhood.  Just the kind that Freddy used to like. A girl pulls up in front of one house.  She's driving a V Rabbit Convertible. It's Kristen.  She wears a long sleeve shirt, but a bulge reveals where her arm is bandaged.
18) 0) text: Kristen quickly walks to the side door of a modest house. After ringing the bell, she glances out at the sidewalk. Kristen turns back, a STERN-LOOKING MAN is standing in th open doorway.  Although probably not much over forty, DEN JOHNSON'S face shows a lot of wear; too much scotch, too work.  He's dressed for work and is preparing to leave, b his hangover is self-evident.
18) 1) dialog: How are you, Mr. Johnson? Johnson ignores her. KRISTEN (cont'd)
18) 2) text: That's nice. Johnson turns away.  His daughter ALICE shows up at the d slinking warily by her father.  In a definite contrast to Kristen's easy beauty, Alice is not especially well put  together.  And yet there's something about this shy-looki girl that suggests that she might be incredibly attractiv she had any confidence. 
18) 4) text: Hi, Kristen...Rick'll be out any second. Kristen looks in the doorway at Johnson who is holding a  tomato-juice and spices hangover delight.  Kristen makes face.  Alice turns as Johnson looks up.
18) 9) dialog: (embarrassed)
18) 12) dialog: Something wrong with the stairs?
18) 14) dialog: What?
19) 0) text: Springwood High doesn't look particularly inviting, but h many high schools do?  STUDENTS are arriving on foot, on  bikes, and in a variety of motor vehicles. Kristen, Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen's VW Rabbit  Convertible and park.  They step onto the sidewalk and cr along beside the STUDENT PARKING LOT.  They stop beside a ATTRACTIVE GIRL who is leaning against a car, listening t the blasting radio inside. The girl, DEBBIE STEVENS, is one well put together item. tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the tracks,  trying to compensate for her roots with defensive spunk,  sexy, and she knows it.
22) 0) text: STUDENTS are moving through the hallway that cuts through center of Springwood High. Kristen is standing against one wall, spinning the dial o her locker.  Rick can be seen a dozen lockers down from h Kristen gets the locker open, grabs a couple of her books then slams it shut.  But as the locker door swings away, SUDDENLY REVEALS the faces of Kincaid and Joey just inche from Kristen.  They startle the hell out of her.
22) 1) dialog: Hi...guys.
22) 3) dialog: I'm telling you, he's coming back! He tries to move around, but bumps his head on something
23) 3) text: Kristen!!  Hey, Kristen!! (beat, then sheepishly)
23) 4) text: Kristen? He collects himself and puts on a badass walking gait.  W he hears a low GROWLING, Kincaid looks down.  A few feet from him is his dog.  It has an odd expression on its fac KINCAID (cont'd)
23) 9) dialog: Then what about this? Kristen pulls up her sleeve, and reveals the blood-staine bandage on her forearm.
23) 14) dialog: Then you must think I'm a total freak. Rick ponders this.
23) 16) text: Lighten up.  No one died. Rick strokes her cheek.  Kristen forces a weak smile.
30) 0) text: Kincaid's eyes shoot open and he clutches his chest in ag His dog wakes and nuzzles up to his dying master, but the is oblivious to the dog's tender attention. With his final breath, Kincaid tries unsuccessfully to ca out Kristen's name.
31) 0) text: Kristen is sitting in bed with her knees drawn to her che Holding her breath, she's listening.  The room is silent. must have been the wind tickling the chimes outside her  window that drew her attention. She sighs, and reaches for the can of hi-caf Cola that's  sitting beside her.   She takes a final swig, then tosses the can in the waste  basket, where it joins a number of other empties. Kristen rummages through the drawer in her nightstand, an grabs some cigarettes and matches.  She gets out of bed,  crosses to the window, and slides it open. She slumps into the chair beside the window, and lights a match by striking it against her thumbnail.  Very cool. lights the cigarette and takes a deep drag.
43) 0) text: Kristen is sitting on her window seat, finishing off anot cigarette.  She blows smoke out the window, then uses the butt to light a fresh cigarette.
45) 0) text: A gentle breeze is blowing in the window and Kristen clos her eyes for a few seconds as she lets the fresh air wash across her tired face. Suddenly the wind dies away and the soft sound of the  tinkling chime ABRUPTLY STOPS.  Kristen opens her eyes an stares out the window.  The night air is absolutely still The leaves have stopped fluttering and the wind chime han motionless in the tree. She hears someone calling her, so she gets up and goes ou
46) 0) text: Kristen comes out and starts to walk slowly away from the door.  She is listening to the FAINT SOUND that is waftin through the air, but she isn't really sure just what it i As Kristen steps away from the house, the CAMERA MOVES wi her in a CONTINUOUS SHOT. So when she turns and heads bac the CAMERA is still following her.  And what Kristen sees makes her scream.
47) 0) text: Her home is now gone.  Standing in its place is the decay ELM STREET HOUSE. Kristen spins around.
49) 0) text: Kristen tries to navigate through the thin space.  She  SCREAMS and starts running as arms begin bursting out of sides of the corridor.  She ducks as they grab for her.   They're Freddy-arms, each one weilding his deadly claw. The arms force her down the next segment of the corridor. she looks ahead she sees she's been led straight to Fredd He LAUGHS.
49) 1) dialog: I knew you'd be back.
49) 3) dialog: Kincaid!  Joey! There's no answer.  No response.
50) 0) text: Freddy's "last brat" line ECHOES a few times before FADIN out as Kristen comes awake. Kristen jumps out of the chair as FLAMES shoot out of her wastebasket.  Her cigarette has started a small fire.  Sh grabs her can of soda and pours the rest out onto the fir putting it out.  She nurtures a small burn on her hand. She turns to the window and cries out under her breath:
50) 1) dialog: Joey!  Kincaid!
51) 0) text: It's right before school starts, the grounds are deserted save for Kristen.  She sits alone on the steps, rocking  herself slightly.  She's looked better.  She's nervous an agitated. She reaches into her pocket and withdraws a cigarette.  S takes out a match, ignites it by striking it against her  thumbnail, and lights the cig.  After a deep inhale she b smoke into the morning air. Alice appears.
51) 2) dialog: (very anxious)
51) 5) dialog: (afraid)
51) 6) text: Yeah, I'm not so sure. Alice sits beside Kristen.  Kristen looks at her.  Each g has bags under their eyes. KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 7) text: We have matching luggage again. Alice looks at Kristen, puzzled.  She doesn't get it.   Kristen smiles and puts her finger on the bags under one Alice's eyes. KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 8) text: The bags under your eyes.  Nightmares? Alice nods "yes". KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 11) dialog: You could do worse. Kristen stamps out her cigarette. KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 14) dialog: Sounds like a game show host to me.
51) 16) dialog: Great, you wouldn't happen to know his  phone number? Alice laughs. KRISTEN (cont'd)
51) 19) dialog: How'd you learn so much about dreams?
51) 21) dialog: I used to bring people into my dreams. Alice doesn't know what to make of this.
51) 23) dialog: When I used to have nightmares.  I  brought my friends in to help me.  Until  they all started dying. Kristen notices that Alice isn't getting what she's talki about. KRISTEN (cont'd)
52) 0) text: A teacher, a young hip man named BRYSON writes on the boa as the final stragglers come in.  Kristen and Alice enter meeting Rick who's there already. Kristen takes on look at the roomful of STUDENTS and all blood drains from her face.  She isn't looking at the  students who are there.  She is staring at TWO EMPTY SEAT Kristen starts to tremble a MURMURING begins deep inside and builds to a tortured CRY as she shakes her head "no". Kristen starts to back away.  Her knees are getting weak. The other students are mesmerized by the outburst.  Some them are glancing over at the empty seats.
52) 2) dialog: (screaming)
53) 0) text: A SCHOOL NURSE is passing an ampule of smelling salts und Kristen's nose.  She shakes her head, then opens her eyes The Nurse leans down over her and smiles.
53) 2) dialog: (groggy)
53) 5) dialog: I gotta get out of here.
53) 7) dialog: You don't get it, he's after me...
54) 0) text: Kristen's eyes suddenly SNAP OPEN.  The Nurse is passing ampule of smelling salts under the girl's nose.  The woma leans down over her and smiles.
56) 5) text: Rick stayed later after school with  Kristen.  She wasn't feeling very well.
56) 32) text: Excuse me, ladies.  I'll just be a  moment. Rick takes off for the table.  Alice and Kristen huddle  closer.
56) 34) dialog: You'll hear all kinds of stories.   They'll tell you it was murder, but it  wasn't. Alice tries to comfort Kristen who is now crying. KRISTEN (cont'd)
56) 35) text: How could I let him get them?  Kincaid,  the badass motherfucker with the heart of  gold.  And Joey, shy, sweet Joey.  So shy  and so oversexed. Kristen smiles through her tears.  Good memories. KRISTEN (cont'd)
56) 36) text: We were a team. Alice is speechless.  Suddenly Kristen turns hard. KRISTEN (cont'd) (steely)
56) 39) dialog: (yelling)
56) 40) text: Rick!  C'mon!  We gotta go now! Rick comes over with Dan who looks concerned. KRISTEN (cont'd)
57) 0) text: Dan's seated in the backseat.  He looks slightly silly  sitting next to the shy Alice, who's desperately trying n to make eye contact with him.  She sneaks little peeks. Debbie is seated in back on the other side of Dan.  She's trying very hard to make eye contact with Dan.  Rick's in front with Kristen. A conversation is in progress.  Kristen is finishing up a story.
57) 1) dialog: Now you know who and what Freddy really  is.
57) 3) dialog: It's no story.  It happened.  Freddy's  real and he's back.
57) 5) dialog: You don't know what nightmares are.  You  play by Freddy's rules.  Wake up or die.
57) 8) dialog: We're here.
58) 2) dialog: Kids died there.
58) 6) dialog: It's no just a house. It's his home.   He's waiting there for me...to dream.
58) 8) dialog: I told you you can't help.  This isn't a  normal nightmare. I'm doomed.
58) 11) text: Let me talk to you. Alice takes Kristen aside.  Continue scene with Dan and R
58) 18) dialog: I'm beginning to feel like an endangered  species. Alice is staring at the house.  She suddenly speaks, almo to herself.
58) 22) dialog: It's okay.  It's only a prayer, no good  to Freddy's realm. A car's HONKING commands the kids' attention.  ELAINE,  Kristen's mom, pulls up.  She shouts at Kristen from the
58) 25) dialog: I better go. Rick leans in and gently kisses her.
59) 2) dialog: Well Mom, I'll tell ya, when two of your  friends die the same day, you let me know  what it does to your appetite.
59) 4) dialog: (concerned)
59) 7) dialog: Oh, God...No...What'd you do? Kristen grabs her glass, and pours the last of her milk o onto the table.  There's a grainy sediment remaining in t bottom of the glass. When Kristen stands again, she's unsteady on her feet. Sh tries to brace herself on the back of her chair with one  hand, and when she does this, she loses her grip on the e milk glass and it falls and shatters on the floor. With a wobbling gait, Kristen lurches away from the table Kristen stumbles around, grabs her mother's purse and dum its contents on the counter.  Fumbling around, she finds half-full container of prescription capsules.  She turns throws it at Elaine.  Pills fly everywhere.
59) 9) dialog: (screaming)
59) 13) dialog: Mother, you've just murdered me.  Take  that to your goddamn therapy...
60) 0) text: Kristen appears, hanging upside down on all fours on the  ceiling of the room. She's disoriented.  She starts to ge some kind of bearing and starts crawling towards a wall. She makes it and struggles to reach a door.  She crawls d the wall and manages to open the door.  She flings hersel through it. Kristen is horrified to discover that she is back in the  boiler room.  The place is really strange now. There's a and steam all around She realizes she's standing on a catwalk high above the r She looks around and sees that Freddy is standing in fron a furnace, watching her with a grin on his face. With a defiant cry, Kristen runs at Freddy.  She does a  series of cartwheels and throws herself at her tormentor, crashing into him. Caught off guard, Freddy stumbles backwards and falls ont the grating.
60) 2) dialog: We beat you before!
60) 4) text: Hey, Kristen!  Why don't you call in some  help? Freddy closes in.  Kristen struggles not to drag anyone i
60) 5) dialog: Never...I'm the last. Freddy's almost on top of her.
60) 7) dialog: 
60) 10) dialog: Come on!!  Wake up and get OUT!!  It was  a mistake, oh God I'm sorry. Nothing happens, Kristen starts to back up, taking Alice her.  Freddy pulls open his shirt and reveals the TORTURE FACES of the souls of his previous victims. KRISTEN (cont'd) (stepping forward)
60) 11) text: Leave her alone!!! Freddy grabs Kristen, and as Alice reacts in utter horror throws her into a nearby wall in which appears a burning of flames. Kristen writhes as she burns. As the flames finish off the doomed girl, a BLAST OF ENER shoots out of the steaming furnace and slams into Freddy. His body crackles, he arches his back and seems to grow a CONTORTS and PULSATES.
60) 14) dialog: (pained)
60) 15) text: You'll need my power... A second bolt of energy flies from Kristen's body inside furnace and SLAMS into Alice, causing her to glow and sha Freddy closes in for the kill and is about to slice into  Alice. KRISTEN'S SMOLDERING FACE pushes out and emerges onto  Freddy's chest.
61) 0) text: Alice sits bolt upright in bed, screaming.  She takes a f breathes, gets her bearings then walks towards her vanity She stares at the mirror. One of the pictures on it is new.  It's a snapshot of a  beaming Freddy and a terrified Kristen down in the boiler room.  Freddy smiles for the camera.  Alice stares at it. She turns it over. There's an inscription on the back.  It reads FREDDY AND  KRISTEN, HELL, 1988.  The picture suddenly BURSTS into fl and disintegrates, startling Alice.  She looks back at th mirror.  The hole the picture has left on the reflective  surface allows Alice to see a portion of her face. Her  reflection is subtly altered, more enhanced. Rick bursts in.
61) 3) text: Kristen... She grabs him and pulls him out of the room.
62) 0) text: Rick and Alice pull up to Kristen's house and get out of  Rick's car.
63) 0) text: The dancing orange of flames can be seen in Kristen's  upstairs bedroom window. Rick and Alice charge into the house.
63) 2) text: Kristen!
64) 0) text: Rick, Alice and Elaine enter the room.  The bed is in a b of FLAMES.  The last of Kristen is just a CHARRED ARM.
65) 0) text: Rick is sitting on a bench wearing dark sunglasses. The  oriental bandana ties tightly around his forehead.  He's mourning.  Seated around him are Alice, who's dressed a b like Kristen, Debbie and Dan.  Silence surrounds them.  E is respectful of Rick's mood.
66) 0) text: Alice stares at her reflection for a few moments. She stu it.  She leans in real close to the mirror's surface. She takes out a cigarette, sticks it in her mouth and lig it by striking a match against her thumbnail, eerily  reminiscent of Kristen. She takes a drag and COUGHS violently.  She quickly stamp out.  She looks into the mirror.
66) 2) text: Kristen, what did you do to me? Sheila enters the restroom, heads for a faucet next to Al and immediately splashes her face with cold water.  Alice watches her.  She gets a look at Sheila's tired face.
70) 6) text: Oh God, I brought her in, like Kristen  did with me... Rick tries to help, touches.
73) 11) text: Freddy lives in my dreams, Rick.  Like he  did with Kristen.  My dreams, the one  thing I had to myself.
80) 0) text: Rick looks ahead into the hellish bathroom.  In front of he sees the familiar back of Kristen.  She leans over the sink, looking in the mirror.  The mirror image speaks to
80) 1) dialog: C'mon, Rick.  Make me laugh. Rick steps forward to go to Kristen.  She turns, revealin her face is a burned horrific mess.  Kristen laughs evill Rick reels back into the elevator.