2) 0) text: A SERIES OF CLOSE SHOTS FOLLOW THE MOVEMENTS of the tiny as it proceeds to lay out an intricate CHALK DRAWING on t walkway. For a while, we are too close to identify the image that being created.  But as THE CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see a  youthful artist's representation of a two story HOUSE. The CAMERA TILTS UP, revealing a LITTLE GIRL in white dre She's holding a handful of colored chalk.  Behind her sit the ELM STREET HOUSE. As the TITLES END, we...
4) 0) text: Kristen stops and looks down at the angelic little girl w has been creating the childish drawing of Freddy's house. Kneeling down beside her, Kristen takes a closer look at colorful chalk sketch. It has an almost exaggerated cheerfulness.  And although  awkwardly rendered, it makes the house look new, and the well-tended.  The idyllic sidewalk illustration looks not like its subject, which has peeling paint, boarded-up  windows, and is horribly run-down.
4) 1) dialog: (looking up)
4) 4) dialog: (sadly)
4) 7) dialog: (giggles strangely)
5) 0) text: Kristen glances up at the sky.  Rain trickles onto her fa Then after a second, she looks back down at the sidewalk. THE LITTLE GIRL IS GONE.  Kristen scans the area, but the child is nowhere to be seen. Rain is splashing down on the chalk illustration. Not onl the image washing away, but as the colors blend together, they form a liquid that looks just like BLOOD. Kristen hears a CREAKING NOISE coming from the direction the house.  She turns and stares at the menacing structur The front door is SLOWLY OPENING.  Somehow Kristen seems  unsurprised by this.  And as though drawn by an  uncontrollable urge, she turns toward the house.  With  thunder and lightning crashing above her, she walks  deliberately toward the open door.
59) 15) text: Thanks, Alice. She slowly glances around the beach.  Down near the water LITTLE GIRL is building a SAND CASTLE. When the child turns and looks at her, Kirsten sees that the same little girl that she saw drawing a picture on th sidewalk.