5) 0) text: Kristen glances up at the sky.  Rain trickles onto her fa Then after a second, she looks back down at the sidewalk. THE LITTLE GIRL IS GONE.  Kristen scans the area, but the child is nowhere to be seen. Rain is splashing down on the chalk illustration. Not onl the image washing away, but as the colors blend together, they form a liquid that looks just like BLOOD. Kristen hears a CREAKING NOISE coming from the direction the house.  She turns and stares at the menacing structur The front door is SLOWLY OPENING.  Somehow Kristen seems  unsurprised by this.  And as though drawn by an  uncontrollable urge, she turns toward the house.  With  thunder and lightning crashing above her, she walks  deliberately toward the open door.
18) 4) text: Hi, Kristen...Rick'll be out any second. Kristen looks in the doorway at Johnson who is holding a  tomato-juice and spices hangover delight.  Kristen makes face.  Alice turns as Johnson looks up.
18) 13) dialog: Avoid-all-contact-day.
18) 15) dialog: When dad's popping aspiring like popcorn,  it's avoid-all-contact-day. Johnson suddenly reopens the door and reaches for the mor newspaper.  He stares at the kids.
18) 17) dialog: (mock Ricky Ricardo)
19) 0) text: Springwood High doesn't look particularly inviting, but h many high schools do?  STUDENTS are arriving on foot, on  bikes, and in a variety of motor vehicles. Kristen, Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen's VW Rabbit  Convertible and park.  They step onto the sidewalk and cr along beside the STUDENT PARKING LOT.  They stop beside a ATTRACTIVE GIRL who is leaning against a car, listening t the blasting radio inside. The girl, DEBBIE STEVENS, is one well put together item. tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the tracks,  trying to compensate for her roots with defensive spunk,  sexy, and she knows it.
19) 2) dialog: What happened?
19) 4) dialog: A sad story.  Those soaps'll kill ya. Alice's attention drifts to a tough PICK-UP that is pulli up not far from them.  A handsome, dark-haired TEENAGER, climbs out of the car. Debbie eyes him too.
21) 1) dialog: Earth to Alice... Alice snaps out of it.  Dan is suddenly back where he was walking away with a group of his friends. RICK (cont'd)
21) 4) text: Rick, please.
21) 13) dialog: Supergirl, I think it's dead. The group gets their stuff together and heads for class.
22) 0) text: STUDENTS are moving through the hallway that cuts through center of Springwood High. Kristen is standing against one wall, spinning the dial o her locker.  Rick can be seen a dozen lockers down from h Kristen gets the locker open, grabs a couple of her books then slams it shut.  But as the locker door swings away, SUDDENLY REVEALS the faces of Kincaid and Joey just inche from Kristen.  They startle the hell out of her.
23) 11) text: Here comes your boyfriend.  Can't he give  you a good night's sleep? Rick arrives in time to hear Kincaid's comment.
23) 12) dialog: We don't kiss and tell.  How 'bout you  guys? Kincaide starts to mount a comeback, but Joey pulls him a Kristen watches them disappear into the crowd. RICK (cont'd)
23) 15) dialog: I go back and forth. Kristen is not amused. RICK (cont'd)
23) 16) text: Lighten up.  No one died. Rick strokes her cheek.  Kristen forces a weak smile.
33) 0) text: Rick is involved in a series of interesting exercises.  H kicking and sparring with a suspended bodybag, doing mart arts spins between returns.  He wears an oriental bandana around his forehead.
36) 0) text: Rick stops his exercises and steps away from the opening  electric door.  The car jerks into the garage, and Johnso climbs out.  As he walks uneasily to the house, he takes quick nip from the bottle he's brought home.  Johnson bec self conscious when he sees his sone watching him.
37) 0) text: Johnson comes in and crosses to Alice.  Rick follows as f as the doorway but holds his position there.
37) 3) dialog: But we gave up.  As usual. Alice takes a salad bowl out of the fridge and places it front of her father as he sits down at the table.  Johnso stares at the salad in disbelief.
39) 2) dialog: Dad, don't start.
40) 0) text: Alice stands before a mirror that is virtually covered wi photos.  She seems lost in though and doesn't see Rick st into the room.
40) 1) dialog: Don't you think it kind of defeats the  purpose?
40) 3) dialog: The mirror.  You can't see yourself in  it.
40) 6) dialog: (teasing)
40) 9) dialog: Look, you gotta stand up for yourself.   Learn to fight back. Rick does a spin and karate kicks high into the air. RICK (cont'd)
40) 11) text: See yourself fighting.  And your body  obeys. Kicking high again. RICK (cont'd)
40) 14) dialog: Never say can't.  Just do what I do. He spins, stops.  She spins - sort of.  He kicks.  She ki Suddenly her shoe flies off, she hits the floor as her sh lands in the fish tank.  They both die laughing. RICK (cont'd)
52) 0) text: A teacher, a young hip man named BRYSON writes on the boa as the final stragglers come in.  Kristen and Alice enter meeting Rick who's there already. Kristen takes on look at the roomful of STUDENTS and all blood drains from her face.  She isn't looking at the  students who are there.  She is staring at TWO EMPTY SEAT Kristen starts to tremble a MURMURING begins deep inside and builds to a tortured CRY as she shakes her head "no". Kristen starts to back away.  Her knees are getting weak. The other students are mesmerized by the outburst.  Some them are glancing over at the empty seats.
52) 1) dialog: What is it?
52) 3) text: Oh God!  He killed them! Rick takes hold of her arm, but she's really losing it no and she pulls herself away from him with all her strength The momentum of this violent move throws her off balance she falls back, slamming against the door.  She strikes h head, slumps to the floor, knocked out.
56) 5) text: Rick stayed later after school with  Kristen.  She wasn't feeling very well.
56) 24) dialog: (urgently)
56) 27) dialog: Kincaid and Joey died last night.
56) 30) text: Hey, Rick!
56) 31) dialog: (to the girls)
56) 32) text: Excuse me, ladies.  I'll just be a  moment. Rick takes off for the table.  Alice and Kristen huddle  closer.
56) 40) text: Rick!  C'mon!  We gotta go now! Rick comes over with Dan who looks concerned. KRISTEN (cont'd)
57) 0) text: Dan's seated in the backseat.  He looks slightly silly  sitting next to the shy Alice, who's desperately trying n to make eye contact with him.  She sneaks little peeks. Debbie is seated in back on the other side of Dan.  She's trying very hard to make eye contact with Dan.  Rick's in front with Kristen. A conversation is in progress.  Kristen is finishing up a story.
57) 2) dialog: I though Freddy was just an old town  story.
57) 7) dialog: Hey, c'mon!  Give me some room!  I hate  tight spaces. Those in the back seat back off.  Kristen speaks up.
58) 0) text: Rick's car and Dan's truck pull up in front of the boarde up, run down house.  They get out of their respective car and meet on the front of the walkway, surrounded by a wee infested front lawn.
58) 4) dialog: (whispers to Dan)
58) 7) dialog: It's okay, babe.  We're with you.
58) 10) dialog: (whispers pulling him aside)
58) 13) dialog: She told us the story of Freddy.  It's a  town legend.  He was a child killer who  was freed on a technicality.
58) 15) dialog: It pissed off a lot of parents.   According to Kristen, they hunted him  down; roasted him alive.
58) 17) dialog: Now it gets weird.  She says he comes  back in dreams.  If he kills you there,  you're dead for real. On Kristen and Alice.
58) 24) dialog: Don't go if you don't want to.  I can  take care of you. Elaine impatiently HONKS the HORN again.
58) 26) dialog: I'll call you tonight.  We'll get through  this. They are near the curb, Alice stops as something on the  walkway catches her attention.  There are traces of a cha drawing on the concrete.  Alice bends down and runs a fin across its surface. RICK (O.S. cont'd)
58) 27) text: Alice? She looks up to Dan and Rick.  She starts to join them.   Before she goes, she turns and looks back down.  The draw is gone.  She stares at the walkway a beat before joining Dan, Rick and Debbie.
61) 0) text: Alice sits bolt upright in bed, screaming.  She takes a f breathes, gets her bearings then walks towards her vanity She stares at the mirror. One of the pictures on it is new.  It's a snapshot of a  beaming Freddy and a terrified Kristen down in the boiler room.  Freddy smiles for the camera.  Alice stares at it. She turns it over. There's an inscription on the back.  It reads FREDDY AND  KRISTEN, HELL, 1988.  The picture suddenly BURSTS into fl and disintegrates, startling Alice.  She looks back at th mirror.  The hole the picture has left on the reflective  surface allows Alice to see a portion of her face. Her  reflection is subtly altered, more enhanced. Rick bursts in.
61) 1) dialog: You alright?
62) 0) text: Rick and Alice pull up to Kristen's house and get out of  Rick's car.
63) 0) text: The dancing orange of flames can be seen in Kristen's  upstairs bedroom window. Rick and Alice charge into the house.
63) 1) dialog: (calling out)
64) 0) text: Rick, Alice and Elaine enter the room.  The bed is in a b of FLAMES.  The last of Kristen is just a CHARRED ARM.
65) 0) text: Rick is sitting on a bench wearing dark sunglasses. The  oriental bandana ties tightly around his forehead.  He's mourning.  Seated around him are Alice, who's dressed a b like Kristen, Debbie and Dan.  Silence surrounds them.  E is respectful of Rick's mood.
65) 2) dialog: She knew she was gonna die.
65) 10) dialog: Something's very wrong here.
65) 12) dialog: For a minute she...well, reminded me of  Kristen.
65) 14) dialog: Not that close.
67) 0) text: The STUDENTS are sitting at their desks, waiting for the  dreaded exam.  Sheila starts to wheeze a little, but she  takes a hit off of her aspirator, and that settles her do She looks exhausted. While the TEACHER places test papers face down in front o each of the students, Sheila checks out her CLASSMATES.   Alice and Rick are there, and so is Dan. When the teacher finally gets to Sheila, he drops the tes front of her, giving her a little slap on the back. The teacher glances up at the clock above the blackboard, then turns to the students.
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
70) 6) text: Oh God, I brought her in, like Kristen  did with me... Rick tries to help, touches.
70) 7) dialog: C'mon... Alice breaks free, leaves.
70) 10) dialog: I'm not so sure it's a story.  I mean,  look around, we're dropping off like  flies here.
73) 1) dialog: I heard you screaming.  Was it a bad one?
73) 3) dialog: Doesn't the dream master work for you  anymore?
73) 5) dialog: Hey, since when do you play Thomas  Edison?  This looks like Sheila's.
73) 7) dialog: Yeah, or turn you into toast. Alice goes and takes it from him.  She hangs it on the mi frame by its wires.
73) 9) dialog: I haven't slept much either.  Since  Kristen... Alice looks sympathetically at her brother.
73) 11) text: Freddy lives in my dreams, Rick.  Like he  did with Kristen.  My dreams, the one  thing I had to myself.
73) 12) dialog: We'll figure it out.
73) 14) dialog: Then we'll stay up together.
75) 7) dialog: Been up with Alice.
75) 9) dialog: She's blaming herself for Sheila.  I know  how it feels.  I've been thinking about  Kristen.  Maybe I could've stopped it, if  I'd listened.
75) 11) dialog: What else?  You ever look over this  town's history?  Not a safe place to be a  teenager.  Anyway, if I'm next, watch  your back. Dan smiles at the gallows humor. The coach bellows into the locker room.
76) 0) text: Rick heads to a stall.
78) 0) text: Rick sits on the toilet. He looks up in surprise when the door begins to rattle.  A bunch of girls in cheerleading  costume suddenly barge in.  They look down at Rick and la as he struggles to pull up his trousers. Suddenly the room begins to shake.  Rick looks around and sees the room transform into an elevator.  Buttons push o of the walls and the doors change.
79) 0) text: One of the girls pushes button #13.  The elevator shoots Rick is astonished.  The doors open and the girls shove o Rick can see Alice among the girls.  She is pushing forwa trying to go help him.  She disappears in the crowd.  Ric looks around at:
80) 0) text: Rick looks ahead into the hellish bathroom.  In front of he sees the familiar back of Kristen.  She leans over the sink, looking in the mirror.  The mirror image speaks to
81) 0) text: The doors slam shut in Rick's face.  Suddenly the elevato rocketed downward.  Rick holds on for his life.  The butt sequence faster and faster until they are a blurry glow. Through the elevator speaker comes Freddy's voice.
82) 0) text: A pristine clean Chinese room (a la living quarters in  Chinese Ghost Story) - tatami mattes, white and colored  screens, open, light and airy.  Rick steps out tentativel He scans the room suspiciously, then more calmly. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Rick is hurtled backward as if  kicked by an invisible opponent.
82) 1) dialog: What the... Freddy's voice is heard.
82) 3) dialog: Come out and fight me, you chicken shit. Freddy's laugh is heard.
82) 5) dialog: Too wimpy to show yourself, Krueger?   Well, how's this for balance? With extra strength, Rick kicks out in the air.  He conne hard and suddenly Freddy's glove appears out of thin air lands on the floor as if kicked off by Rick's power. Rick stops and stares at the glove on the ground.  He lau victoriously. RICK (cont'd)
82) 6) text: Hahaha.  You superhero.  How you gonna  get me without your weapon?  You're dead  meat. Rick looks down as Freddy's laugh resounds through the ro Suddenly the glove jumps up in the air and goes straight Rick, reaming him in the stomach.  Rick falls over - dead
86) 0) text: Yet another funeral is taking place in Springwood.  Mourn gather around the grave site.  Johnson stands before the  grave, disheveled, unshaven, a wreck.  There are a few te classmates of Rick. Alice and Debbie stand off to the side.  Alice is clutchi Rick's oriental bandana tightly in one hand.  Debbie is  sobbing softly.  Alice is cold blue steel.  She's wearing Rick's dark sunglasses.
87) 0) text: Begin Daydream.  Rick hops out of his coffin with athleti ease.  He's dressed in his best suit.  He looks very happ He strolls over to Alice, who takes off her sunglasses an stares at him.  No one else notices.
87) 1) dialog: Great goof, huh?  They think I'm dead.  I  love it! Alice starts to gently cry.  Rick reaches out and wipes a tear away. RICK (cont'd)
88) 0) text: Alice hangs Rick's oriental bandana on the mirror, next t Sheila's gadget.  She places Debbie's studded bracelet on vanity table.  Alice looks at herself in the mirror.   Something catches her eye. She takes another picture off the mirror's surface.  It's picture of her and Rick.  She looks up, she can see more herself.  She's quite beautiful now, and there's a surety strength in her eyes.  She stares at her reflection. She's brought Rick's nun-chucks up from the garage.  She  begins to go through some moves with them.  Slowly at fir she builds to a blinding speed.  She watches herself in t mirror. Alice GASPS and drops the sticks.  She walks to the mirro and places a hand on it.
93) 0) text: Alice climbs out of the window and maneuvers down to the  street in a duplication of the moves we saw earlier from  Rick.
145) 0) text: In the dream, the truck bears down on Freddy, smoke drift off the tires. We see Alice sneer as the truck passes right through Fred and SMASHES into a void, an invisible brick wall. The truck's front end gets totaled. Bits of metal and gla fly through the air as the truck crumples, as if it has h solid stone.
162) 4) text: I'll mail your guts back to hell!!! Alice starts to hurl the instruments at Freddy Kung Fu st with blurring speed and accuracy.  Rick would be proud. Alice nails Freddy once, a dozen times in the space of a seconds.  Freddy doubles over, sharp instruments sticking of every part of him.  Alice advances on him and delivers massive, sharp kick to Freddy's balls.  Freddy makes a SO that banshees would flee from. Alice grabs Dan and the two plunge through the doors.
167) 0) text: Alice crouches into a fighting position (a la Rick) as  Krueger advances, finger-blades flashing. Alice leaps and delivers a perfect kick to Freddy's face, knocking him back. Alice lands on her feet as Freddy lunges for her! Alice jumps over a church pew as Freddy slashes at the ai Alice whirls and kicks Freddy again and again and again. Just pounding him. But Freddy laughs at the blows.