21) 7) dialog: Asthma is an inherited condition.  If you  read a book now and then, you might know  something.
21) 9) dialog: Dynasty again, huh?  Girl, get a VCR. Sheila pulls out her asthma inhaler and sticks it in her  mouth.  She takes a few puffs.  A cocky, obnoxious BLACK walks by and comments to Sheila.
21) 12) dialog: Alright, I owe you one. Debbie suddenly stops laughing and lets out a disgusted G A huge ROACH is crawling around her books.  She shakes th book until the bug falls off, then grinds it under her fo a little too enthusiastically.
56) 11) dialog: (mimicking Debbie)
56) 12) text: Hi, handsome.  Care for some buns? Alice turns to see Sheila in front of her with a check. both laugh.
56) 14) dialog: I gotta get to the library before it  closes.  Killer physics test.
56) 16) dialog: Maybe you shouldn't be working here so  much.  You don't want to get stuck  waiting tables for the rest of your life.
56) 19) dialog: Please save us, Deb.  There IS life after  exercise.
56) 23) dialog: Deb, you're hopeless.  Later in life  you'll appreciate my motto: mind over  matter. Sheila gathers her books.  Alice starts cleaning the tabl nearby as Rick and Kristen walk in.  They startle Alice.
66) 2) text: Kristen, what did you do to me? Sheila enters the restroom, heads for a faucet next to Al and immediately splashes her face with cold water.  Alice watches her.  She gets a look at Sheila's tired face.
66) 3) dialog: Ohhhhbaby, I am dead on my feet.
66) 5) dialog: What? Again, reminiscent of Kristen, Alice points to a spot und Sheila's eye.
66) 7) dialog: That obvious, huh?
66) 9) dialog: Saw who? I was up all night cramming for  this physics test, and I was putting this  little baby together.  Look... Sheila reaches into her purse and withdraws a small, neat looking gadget, not unlike a joy buzzer, only this means  business.  She squeezes it and it emits a HIGH-PITCHED WH SHEILA (cont'd)
66) 10) text: You know how Debbie's afraid of bugs?  I  made this for her. Ultra high sound  waves.  Makes 'em run screaming their  antenna off. Sheila collects herself and starts to leave. SHEILA (cont'd)
67) 0) text: The STUDENTS are sitting at their desks, waiting for the  dreaded exam.  Sheila starts to wheeze a little, but she  takes a hit off of her aspirator, and that settles her do She looks exhausted. While the TEACHER places test papers face down in front o each of the students, Sheila checks out her CLASSMATES.   Alice and Rick are there, and so is Dan. When the teacher finally gets to Sheila, he drops the tes front of her, giving her a little slap on the back. The teacher glances up at the clock above the blackboard, then turns to the students.
68) 3) text: Suck me sideways...Save your breath. Freddy yanks Sheila to him and kisses her hard on the mou and begins to suck, literally drawing the air from her lu The Freddy-created-vacuum is intense.  Sheila's ribs are  drawn into themselves and CRACK IN HALF.  Her body is  imploding as her insides, life essence, is sucked complet dry. Young skin now cracked and peeling brown.  The rind you t away.  Freddy lets go of Sheila's shell and it drops to t desk with a dusty THUD. FREDDY (cont'd)
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
70) 0) text: School's been let out for the day and dozens of STUDENTS standing around the parking lot, watching the paramedics a nylon sheet-covered body into a waiting ambulance. Sheila's friends watch in silence as the vehicle pulls aw A BURP OF SIREN to part the crowd of teens.
71) 0) text: Alice empties her pockets on her vanity table.  She comes with Sheila's gadget.  She begins to tinker with it, she  hefts it, sizes it up.  She sets it down and looks up at mirror.  She hesitantly reaches out and pulls another photo off th mirror, revealing more of her reflection.  It's a picture of her and Sheila, she puts it down. Alice image is prettier, stronger. She HEARS A NOISE from downstairs and leaves her room to  investigate.
88) 0) text: Alice hangs Rick's oriental bandana on the mirror, next t Sheila's gadget.  She places Debbie's studded bracelet on vanity table.  Alice looks at herself in the mirror.   Something catches her eye. She takes another picture off the mirror's surface.  It's picture of her and Rick.  She looks up, she can see more herself.  She's quite beautiful now, and there's a surety strength in her eyes.  She stares at her reflection. She's brought Rick's nun-chucks up from the garage.  She  begins to go through some moves with them.  Slowly at fir she builds to a blinding speed.  She watches herself in t mirror. Alice GASPS and drops the sticks.  She walks to the mirro and places a hand on it.