19) 0) text: Springwood High doesn't look particularly inviting, but h many high schools do?  STUDENTS are arriving on foot, on  bikes, and in a variety of motor vehicles. Kristen, Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen's VW Rabbit  Convertible and park.  They step onto the sidewalk and cr along beside the STUDENT PARKING LOT.  They stop beside a ATTRACTIVE GIRL who is leaning against a car, listening t the blasting radio inside. The girl, DEBBIE STEVENS, is one well put together item. tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the tracks,  trying to compensate for her roots with defensive spunk,  sexy, and she knows it.
22) 0) text: STUDENTS are moving through the hallway that cuts through center of Springwood High. Kristen is standing against one wall, spinning the dial o her locker.  Rick can be seen a dozen lockers down from h Kristen gets the locker open, grabs a couple of her books then slams it shut.  But as the locker door swings away, SUDDENLY REVEALS the faces of Kincaid and Joey just inche from Kristen.  They startle the hell out of her.
52) 0) text: A teacher, a young hip man named BRYSON writes on the boa as the final stragglers come in.  Kristen and Alice enter meeting Rick who's there already. Kristen takes on look at the roomful of STUDENTS and all blood drains from her face.  She isn't looking at the  students who are there.  She is staring at TWO EMPTY SEAT Kristen starts to tremble a MURMURING begins deep inside and builds to a tortured CRY as she shakes her head "no". Kristen starts to back away.  Her knees are getting weak. The other students are mesmerized by the outburst.  Some them are glancing over at the empty seats.
67) 0) text: The STUDENTS are sitting at their desks, waiting for the  dreaded exam.  Sheila starts to wheeze a little, but she  takes a hit off of her aspirator, and that settles her do She looks exhausted. While the TEACHER places test papers face down in front o each of the students, Sheila checks out her CLASSMATES.   Alice and Rick are there, and so is Dan. When the teacher finally gets to Sheila, he drops the tes front of her, giving her a little slap on the back. The teacher glances up at the clock above the blackboard, then turns to the students.
69) 0) text: Suddenly, Freddy is gone and Sheila is lying across her d choking for air, while the teacher and students gather  around.  Alice fumbles with Sheila's inhalator, forcing i into her mouth, but Sheila's head just droops to one side.  Dead. Alice is suddenly hit by a JOLT.  She recovers after a sh moment. Sheila's home-made zapper falls out of one pocket and fal on the floor.  Alice quickly scoops it up. Rick, Dan and Debbie surround her.  Alice starts to freak
69) 2) dialog: The test wasn't that bad...
70) 0) text: School's been let out for the day and dozens of STUDENTS standing around the parking lot, watching the paramedics a nylon sheet-covered body into a waiting ambulance. Sheila's friends watch in silence as the vehicle pulls aw A BURP OF SIREN to part the crowd of teens.
83) 0) text: Alice wakes up with a jolt.  She's HIT by an incredible f and her entire seat shakes off its bolts.  Students next her back away. She SMASHES her desk top with her fist, sending bits of w and metal flying.  She lets out a soul-crushing CRY.