0) 6) text: He interrupts himself, frightened by the intense expressi on Radar's face. The Corporal's head is turning back and  forth like an actual radar receiver, monitoring the north horizon where the valley of a river meanders between  mountainous ridges.
0) 52) text: Accordingly, they select seats close to the nurses and fa the Lieutenant. Some personnel are on duty in the hospita during this lunch period, but beside Dish, two of the  following three nurses with whom we will become acquainte are present here: KNOCKO, who is black, a captain in her thirties, solidly  built, very strong and very competent in her job; LESLIE, also a captain, not more than thirty, bright, attractive, cheerful, the kind of girl that brings out the latent mal matrimonial instinct but who, strangely, is treated as  inviolate by the by the sex-starved men of the post; and  LIEUTENANT SCORCH, who can't match Dish or Leslie by phys standards but has the asset of instant availability. A Korean boy, not yet of military age, in green fatigue p and an off-white coat, appears promptly and heaps Duke an Hawkeye's plates with food. Duke is hungry enough to turn his whole attention to the meal, but Hawkeye is unable to keep his eyes off Lieutenant Dish while eating. Thus neit of them is aware of the attention they are getting from t male officers' group, which includes HENRY, a couple of  medical captains named MURRHARDT and BANDINI; DAGO RED  (officially, Father John Patrick Mulcahy, red-haired Cath Chaplain of the area) and the PAINLESS POLE (Captain Walt Zaldowski, Dental Officer), both in their thirties; and  CAPTAIN UGLY JOHN BLACK, an Australian anesthesiologist. There is also curiosity about the newcomers from the unli men's section, where we see among others RADAR; VOLLMER,  Henry's overweight Sargeant Major; CORPORAL JUDSON, young black and fresh from Mississippi; PRIVATE BOONE, who look too young and nervous to be in any man's army; and PFC  SEIDMAN, whose first trip out of New York has taken him  halfway around the world. Henry, who alone has reason to be personally affronted by Duke and Hawkeye's unmilitary behavior, gets up and cross to where they are sitting.
0) 122) text: He indicates a Major who is standing a short distance awa looking like a boss but not actually doing anything. Also Admitting Ward are, Murrhardt, Lieutenant Dish, PFC Seidm Corporal Judson.
0) 304) text: EXT. SHOWER TENT – DAY Corporal Judson from Mississippi takes his turn at the  peephole. His speech is that of the rural southern black.
0) 749) text: A CORPORAL enters with the manner of a messenger from on  high.
0) 750) dialog: Captain Pierce? Captain McIntyre?  Colonel Merrill wishes you to report  to his office immediately.
0) 755) dialog: What?
0) 761) text: The Corporal does so and they follow him out. INT. 25TH STATION HOSPITAL – DAY Hawkeye and Trapper come out of the dressing room after t Corporal and follow him down a corridor. Then they realiz to their surprise that there are two other soldiers follo them who have been stationed outside the dressing door. T invitation from the Colonel is getting to seem less casua every moment. INT. COLONEL MERRILL'S OUTER OFFICE – DAY A SECOND LIEUTENANT and a Sergeant seated on opposite sid of a desk look up with interest as Trapper and Hawkeye co in with escorts fore and aft.
0) 763) dialog: Yes, sir.
0) 766) text: The Corporal opens the door to the Colonel's empty and qu luxurious office. Trapper and Hawkeye go in with their go bags. INT. COLONEL MERRILL'S OFFICE – DAY Trapper and Hawkeye enter, the door closing behind them, look around. It is a long time since they have seen  surroundings like these, with Western upholstered furnitu pictures on the walls and high quality wall-to-wall carpe It is this last feature that attracts Hawkeye's attention He squats down to feel its texture and with a look invite Trapper to do the same. Trapper is also impressed with th smoothness of the surface, and without having to exchange word about it, they each find a putter and a golf ball an start lining up targets for their brief sorely missed put practice.