0) 14) dialog: I'm one of 'em.
0) 20) dialog: Duke Forrest.
0) 21) text: Hawkeye takes the driver's seat. Duke, getting into the r hand side, has no objection, just a question.
0) 22) dialog: You got directions?
0) 24) dialog: I got some.
0) 27) dialog: Georgia, where I come from, it's  real if you make it yourself. But I  been buying from the Yankee Government  since they put me in this soldier  suit and give me a rate.
0) 29) dialog: (passing bottle) Where you from with that crazy way  of talking?
0) 31) dialog: Damn! That must be about as far north  as you can get.
0) 33) dialog: C.O. is Colonel Blake. Lieutenant  Colonel Henry Braymore Blake. One of  them regular army clowns. Push you  around so it's hard to get any decent  work done.
0) 38) dialog: What's the initials 'MP' stand for,  Hawkeye?
0) 43) dialog: (in negation) I done my shopping in Seoul last  night.
0) 45) dialog: Curb service is right.
0) 48) dialog: The spot we picked to spend the  winter. Maybe we ought to look a  little harder.
0) 50) dialog: What do you think of that piece of  scenery, Yankee boy?
0) 52) text: Accordingly, they select seats close to the nurses and fa the Lieutenant. Some personnel are on duty in the hospita during this lunch period, but beside Dish, two of the  following three nurses with whom we will become acquainte are present here: KNOCKO, who is black, a captain in her thirties, solidly  built, very strong and very competent in her job; LESLIE, also a captain, not more than thirty, bright, attractive, cheerful, the kind of girl that brings out the latent mal matrimonial instinct but who, strangely, is treated as  inviolate by the by the sex-starved men of the post; and  LIEUTENANT SCORCH, who can't match Dish or Leslie by phys standards but has the asset of instant availability. A Korean boy, not yet of military age, in green fatigue p and an off-white coat, appears promptly and heaps Duke an Hawkeye's plates with food. Duke is hungry enough to turn his whole attention to the meal, but Hawkeye is unable to keep his eyes off Lieutenant Dish while eating. Thus neit of them is aware of the attention they are getting from t male officers' group, which includes HENRY, a couple of  medical captains named MURRHARDT and BANDINI; DAGO RED  (officially, Father John Patrick Mulcahy, red-haired Cath Chaplain of the area) and the PAINLESS POLE (Captain Walt Zaldowski, Dental Officer), both in their thirties; and  CAPTAIN UGLY JOHN BLACK, an Australian anesthesiologist. There is also curiosity about the newcomers from the unli men's section, where we see among others RADAR; VOLLMER,  Henry's overweight Sargeant Major; CORPORAL JUDSON, young black and fresh from Mississippi; PRIVATE BOONE, who look too young and nervous to be in any man's army; and PFC  SEIDMAN, whose first trip out of New York has taken him  halfway around the world. Henry, who alone has reason to be personally affronted by Duke and Hawkeye's unmilitary behavior, gets up and cross to where they are sitting.
0) 56) dialog: Y'all were short a couple cutters  and we're what the Army sent.
0) 58) dialog: Reckon so, but we been boozing all  day and you work up an appetite.
0) 60) dialog: (finding his orders) They give you copies to burn.
0) 63) dialog: (listening to artillery) Never this close.
0) 66) dialog: (to Henry) That's right, pal. You just sit up  front and sign the mail, and leave  the cutting to us.
0) 68) dialog: Just one for a start.
0) 81) dialog: I'm Duke and he's Hawkeye.
0) 98) dialog: Jesus Christ!
0) 103) dialog: What the hell's going on here?
0) 105) dialog: Where's he gonna use that kind of  talk? 'The valley of the shadow of  death.' Wait a minute, Ho-Jon... (rummages in barracks  bag) I got something for you.
0) 107) dialog: (to Frank) Little light reading matter. Just  right for his age.
0) 109) dialog: And gets the wind every time it opens.  No, thanks. I'll take that one.
0) 112) text: Duke tosses the bat vertically in the air. As it comes do Hawkeye grabs it expertly at the tape with his left hand. Duke puts his left hand above that, and Duke is left with his right hand waving in the air with nothing to grab.
0) 119) text: Duke has just examined a patient. He takes a step towards Hawkeye.
0) 121) dialog: Nothing can't wait. Shall we check  it out with the Major?
0) 158) text: With a grateful look at him, she goes back inside. Hawkey contemplates the accomplishment she has credited him with and finds it appalling. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye and Duke are working across the table from each o again, this time inside a man's chest, stopping a hemorrh and debriding the wound.
0) 159) dialog: Now that's what I call real pretty.  We can close up here and go into his  belly.
0) 161) dialog: So we got to cut him fast. I figure  from the X-ray it ain't just the  spleen. We also got to snatch his  right kidney.
0) 162) text: EXT. MASH COMPOUND – MORNING Wearing fatigues now, Hawkeye and Duke are making their w way from the hospital to their tent after a night's work. There is an announcement coming over the post-wide public address system, but it doesn't concern them.
0) 169) text: He and Duke remove their outer clothing during the ensuin
0) 171) dialog: Hey, you been sneaking some reading  outside the frigging Bible!
0) 173) dialog: Good, because we got a fine old  American custom we want to teach  you. You know what these are?
0) 180) dialog: But first will you please kindly  shut the goddam door?
0) 183) dialog: We been had.
0) 185) dialog: The door, Frank, the door! Where you  from anyhow, Alaska?
0) 187) dialog: Same general idea.
0) 192) dialog: You make a mean martini, kid.
0) 193) text: Ho-Jon goes out. Duke and Hawkeye settle back to enjoy th drinks but they both come bolt upright when they see Fran drop to his knees by his cot and begin to intone the Lord Prayer.
0) 195) text: Hawkeye and Duke find it hard to believe their eyes and e They never expected to see a grown man behaving as Frank now.
0) 199) dialog: Us. Lead us not into...
0) 202) dialog: (singing) Onward Christian soldiers...
0) 204) dialog: (breaking off singing,  points to Frank) He ain't finished!
0) 209) dialog: How long does the show go on, Frank?
0) 210) text: Frank turns his head toward Duke while remaining in prayi position.
0) 215) text: LESLIE exits from Henry's office as they enter. INT. HENRY'S OFFICE – DAY Henry is at his desk. Duke and Hawkeye come in and seat  themselves in informal comfort. Both watch Leslie exit.
0) 217) dialog: We sure don't aim to cause any  trouble... Yeah, she seems to grow  on you.
0) 221) dialog: Yeah, maybe move that nurse in. She  don't seem the type to keep you awake  praying.
0) 225) dialog: No, Hawkeye just said it all.
0) 227) dialog: What's that?
0) 229) dialog: Yeah, that's right. (to Henry) You better get us a chest-cutter  before there's trouble.
0) 231) dialog: And it's the ninth inning.
0) 235) dialog: How you, Radar?
0) 239) dialog: You fixing to add overtime to a twelve- hour day? The union ain't gonna like  it.
0) 242) text: Radar goes out. Duke gets to his feet and Hawkeye makes a preliminary move toward doing so.
0) 263) dialog: (to Hawkeye) Now I got you for a witness, I'm  going to try again. So far all I  dragged out of him is he's from  Bahston and he's only been in the  Army two months. (to Trapper) Where were you when they drafted  you?
0) 265) dialog: I mean, what were you doing? Were  you a resident or on a staff  someplace?
0) 267) dialog: Where?
0) 269) dialog: Which hospital?
0) 271) dialog: Is there any reason why we shouldn't  know the name of it?
0) 276) dialog: (to Trapper) You ready to switch to a little tonic  we generally take us about this time?  Ho-Jon...
0) 279) dialog: Where you think you are, boy? They  probably never seen a olive in this  country.
0) 283) text: He reaches into his parka, comes up with a bottle of oliv takes one out and puts it into the martini Ho-Jon serves  him. Then, as Hawkeye and Duke gape at him, he offers the the bottle.
0) 287) dialog: Sixteen times.
0) 291) dialog: What does he have to do? A score  like that, a man could just live on  his reputation.
0) 296) text: They look across the compound to the Shower Tent, behind  which an Army truck full of GIs has just pulled up. While Hawkeye and Duke explain what's going on to Trapper, and three of them move in for a closer look, we see the visit GIs drop one by one from the rear of the truck, pay their admission fees and take their places in the line leading to the strategically placed peep hole in the rear corner the tent.
0) 297) dialog: Must be Painlees Pole Day in the  Shower Tent.
0) 299) dialog: Nice guy, for an enamel surgeon.
0) 302) dialog: Best equipped dentist in the whole  goddam Army. Care to have a look, a  man with your background?
0) 308) dialog: (to Leslie) Call Dago Red.
0) 313) dialog: Slowing down!
0) 319) dialog: And you've had a natural four times  in a row in a crap game. Right? Does  that mean...?
0) 321) dialog: What do you think, Trapper?
0) 327) dialog: You came because we asked you, for a  drink.
0) 364) dialog: Y'all just act natural.
0) 367) dialog: How you, Walt? We was just fixing to  have a nightcap.
0) 373) dialog: He said it for us all, Walt.
0) 376) dialog: Powerful sloppy.
0) 386) dialog: For a buddy we got whatever it takes  to stamp out the last spark of life.
0) 404) dialog: Y'all come here to say a final goodbye  to our old friend Walt. But maybe it  ain't so final. Maybe he's just going  on ahead into the Unknown to do a  little recon job for us all.
0) 405) text: During this tribute the guests rise, their eyes on the gu of honor, who sits with his food untouched, a vacant  expression on his face. When Duke has finished and everyo has drunk the toast, they applaud and sit down again. Tra raps for attention and indicates Hawkeye, who rises.
0) 420) dialog: (appearing at his  side with tumbler of  whiskey) With whiskey. A good swallow first  and a big one afterwards. Speeds it  into the bloodstream.
0) 423) dialog: We wouldn't give you nothing but the  best.
0) 434) dialog: Drink up, Walt. One for the glory  road.
0) 513) dialog: That there Frank Burns is a menace.  Whenever a patient croaks on him  it's either God's will or somebody  else's fault.
0) 517) dialog: What are you going to do with him?
0) 519) dialog: Hey, that's great, Henry! Good  thinking!
0) 559) dialog: Hail to the chief! We-all got a  responsibility, men. He's crowned  like a king ought to be, but he can't  just walk to the Mess Hall by himself.  He has to be carried by native  bearers.
0) 565) dialog: (simultaneously) A native is someone who is born in a  particular place.
0) 568) dialog: I don't think I should have opened  my big mouth. Sorry, Ho-Jon.
0) 589) dialog: What'd'y'all reckon he's doing to  her?
0) 592) dialog: (to Radar) Plug it in, boy. We got no call to  be selfish with a show like this.
0) 611) text: INT. MESS HALL – DAY Hot Lips is finishing breakfast at a table with some of t other nurses. Frank is sitting near her but at another ta with a handful of male officers, including Hawkeye direct opposite him. Duke and Trapper enter together as Hot Lips rises to leav
0) 614) dialog: Hiya, Frank. Hiya, Hot Lips.
0) 615) text: Duke and Trapper continue on their way to their table in officers' section. Frank reacts angrily and is about to g after Duke when Hot Lips touches his shoulder and speaks a low tone.
0) 641) dialog: Fair's fair, Henry. If I get into  Hot Lips and jump Hawkeye Pierce, do  I get to go home, too?
0) 859) text: Duke looks, too, and the patient's eyes are enough to tel him the job he's doing no longer has any function. After almost superfluous check of the heartbeat, Lapham closes man's eyes. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye, with Ugly John handling the anesthetic, is diggi out pieces of metal from a face that will never quite loo like a face again. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Trapper, with Painless filling in as anesthesioloigist, i working in close to a patient's heart. Suddenly all the l in the OR go out. This is not an unprecedented event, and one by one three corpsmen appear in different locations a the operating table with flashlights whose combined beams make it possible for Trapper to carry on. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT With the electric light restored, Duke and Lapham are at  work on another case, removing several feet of small bowe no longer useful to the owner. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Henry and Murrhardt, with Scorch assisting, are amputatin an arm. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT A dead patient, face covered with a sheet is removed from operating table by two corpsmen. Immediately two other  corpsmen bring a stretcher to the other side of the table and unload a new patient onto it. Ugly John and a nurse s to prepare him for surgery. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye, with Knocko helping, is sewing up an incision wh we can see is in the area of the groin. Dago Red comes by
0) 863) dialog: Pulse, slow, very little pressure.
0) 865) dialog: Epidural hematoma?
0) 867) dialog: Not enough to be a pro.
0) 868) text: He moves to another case. Duke continues to examine the  private with particular attention to the right side of th head. The more he observes, the more alarmed he becomes.
0) 869) dialog: (to corpsman) Into the OR! Right now.
0) 871) dialog: Quick, Knocko, get me gloves, knife,  hammer, chisel, Gelfoam and a drain.
0) 873) dialog: Okay, give me the hammer and chisel.  There are drills you can make nice,  neat holes in the skull with, but we  ain't got none. (taking hammer and  chisel, fortifying  himself for the act) So here goes.
0) 874) text: He pounds the chisel into the private's skull and keeps a it till he cracks his way through. Blood flows out in a  torrent. Duke pulls his tools away and just watches. Very quickly he is rewarded by the sight of a torrent diminish to a dribble.
0) 876) dialog: We sew him up.
0) 880) dialog: We took the pressure off his brain.  You know, Knocko, this boy might  just make it, and if he does you and  me ought to be ready with a story.
0) 882) dialog: One thing everybody knows for sure  that don't know hardly anything else,  is how delicate any kind of brain  surgery is. So I certainly wouldn't  like it if there was somebody going  around saying all I did was crack  him on the head with a hammer and  chisel.
0) 909) dialog: Well, stop persuading, just make  him.
0) 918) text: Duke turns back to undertake his assignment. Trapper and  Hawkeye continue to study the X-ray.
1) 5) dialog: What's he got to write, for God's  sake?
1) 18) dialog: I've always had a hankering for blonde  pussy myself. My wife's hair is a  wonderful golden yellow, and this  time of year it gets even lighter.
1) 20) dialog: You know damn well I nearly puke  when I look at her. I don't even  think she's a real blonde.
1) 22) dialog: I not only say it, I'll back it up  twenty buck's worth.
1) 25) dialog: There's only one way.
1) 33) text: She continues on across the compound and enters the showe tent. Knocko and Lieutenant Scorch come over to the Swamp while Hawkeye goes inside to find the pictures. Then two more n emerge from a tent and head for the showers. Trapper gets and saunters over to intercept them. EXT. SHOWER TENT – DAY The door of the tent is closed behind Hot Lips, and after moment there is the sound of water being turned on. Then attention is drawn to the peak of the tent, to which a th scarcely visible strand of wire has been attached. The wi is drawn taut and runs across the peak of the barbershop  tent next door and down the far side of it to where Duke  sits on the ground operating a sort of windlass upon whic the wire is wound. He turns the crank with a quick burst energy. Back at the shower tent the force of the wire pulls the c tight, the loosened stakes come out of the ground, and th whole tent is whisked right off its center pole, revealin Hot Lips nude under the shower. EXT. BARBERSHOP TENT – DAY Duke abandons his machine and moves to where he can get t crucial view of Hot Lips. The he calls across the compoun to Hawkeye.
1) 34) dialog: Okay, Yankee know-it-all! Pay up!
1) 44) text: Thank you. Carry on. INT. DENTAL CLINIC – NIGHT Hawkeye, Duke and Painless are playing poker with a Briti a Norwegian and an Australian officer. It is close to two o'clock the same night. General Hammond opens the door an looks in, doesn't like what he sees and steps inside. All six players are immediately aware of his presence but dec to act as if they weren't.
1) 54) dialog: I fold.
1) 82) dialog: Or her figger.
1) 84) text: This stirs the General's curiosity, but Duke speaks befor he has a chance to ask his question.
1) 85) dialog: You don't think we'd be speaking up  for a goddam Regular Army colonel,  do you, if it wasn't important?  Begging your pardon, General. I  forgot.
1) 96) dialog: Where the hell we going to get us a  football team?
1) 100) dialog: Never heard of him.
1) 102) dialog: The nigra boy with the Philadelphia  Eagles?
1) 105) dialog: How come nobody knows about him? And  you do?
1) 111) dialog: Now wait a minute, Hawkeye. I come a  long way, learning to put up with a  couple of crazy Yankees, but...
1) 141) dialog: What?
1) 147) dialog: (gazing across at  opposition tackles) Look at the size of those two beasts.
1) 150) text: EXT. ATHLETIC FIELD, 325TH EVAC HOSPITAL – DAY The Mash team is lined up to kick off, which is Duke's  function. There is only one official, a REFEREE, dressed in convent white.
1) 152) text: Duke accordingly kicks the ball about thirty yards and an to his left. But the player who takes it on the thirty-ya line simply runs to his left and back a little toward his own goal line in order to hand it to the RAM HALFBACK as charges downfield from his safety position. He sidesteps, straight-arms or otherwise eludes all eleven of the Mash  players and runs unimpeded for a touchdown. A few moments later he kicks the ball over the bar for the point after  touchdown.
1) 154) dialog: (as they line up to  receive) Sure, you just blindfold him first  and tie him to a stake.
1) 155) text: Duke is the one to receive the kickoff, which he takes on the ten. He runs it back about twenty yards, dodging several enemy tacklers, then sees the black tackle from Cleveland beari down on him. Duke runs back and forth sideways a few time not gaining any ground but making the other man move.
1) 156) dialog: Hawkeye!
1) 159) text: Trapper returns the ball to Duke, who manages to make a c of yards forward and a lot more sideways before the Ram  halfback cuts him down from the rear. The Mash team goes  into its first huddle.
1) 165) text: They go into action again. This time Trapper, taking the  ball from Vollmer, gives it to Duke, who makes a feint at off-tackle play, then turns back and into a wide end run  instead. Duke is still a good ball carrier by college  standards and he has little trouble shaking off the amate who try to tackle him, and is thus able to make it a runn duel with the professionals. When they finally nab him, h is no more than two or three yards ahead of the scrimmage line, but the ex-tackles from Cleveland are visibly panti and wishing they hadn't allowed all that extra poundage t accumulate. On the fourth down, of course, they have to p Duke goes back to receive the ball from Vollmer at center
1) 167) dialog: Yeah, if I can.
1) 170) text: As Hawkeye anticipated, the opposing quarterback slips th ball to the Ram halfback, who starts to go wide of the ta sees Hawkeye, untouched by blockers, closing in from the  outside, and makes his beautiful cross-over to cut back i At the same time he is hit at the knees by Hawkeye, and h by Duke. And there are quite a few other Mash players in immediate vicinity, Trapper and Ugly John in the forefron so that a lot of weight is piled up on top of the flashy  halfback. A close look at Ugly John reveals him to be reaching insi his jersey and under a shoulder pad, from which he extrac a hypodermic needle. With the skill of an expert  anesthesiologist he pulls up the sleeve of the tackled an stunned halfback, and plunges the needle into his arm. The Referee meanwhile is indignantly pulling at the Mash  players on top of the pile and orally expressing his  disapproval.
1) 172) text: The Mash players quickly remove themselves. Duke and Hawk are the last to get up. Remaining on the ground is the fo halfback for the Rams, still firmly clutching the ball bu looking as if he needed to get a lot of air into his lung His captain, the white pro tackle, takes one look at him speaks to the Referee.
1) 176) dialog: You really think we hurt him that  bad?
1) 186) text: On the field Duke is preparing to kick off.
1) 194) dialog: And get ourselves another touchdown  to win. (looking to opponents'  huddle) I wish to hell we knew what they  were plotting.
1) 217) dialog: Me, too. Y'all just seen me play my  last game.
1) 225) text: The X-ray is passed on to Hawkeye, Duke and Spearchucker turn.
1) 234) dialog: No, Ho-Jon, we're not going to open  you up.
1) 235) text: Duke's words are intentionally ambiguous, and when Ho-Jon looks from one doctor to another to find the real meaning them, they all try not to reveal it. But he knows.
1) 246) dialog: When?
1) 248) dialog: Be right with you.
1) 250) dialog: What's there to do? You found the  sliver.
1) 252) dialog: (to Hawkeye, referring  to Spearchucker) Perfectionist.
1) 255) dialog: We could steal one of the choppers.
1) 258) dialog: Y'all mind the store.
1) 267) dialog: That's right.
1) 269) dialog: Sure, my...
1) 277) dialog: (indicating his  shoulder insignia) I thought we were heading for trouble  putting on all these trinkets.
1) 279) dialog: But no short-arm inspection. I'm  with you there.
1) 283) text: All he gets in response are funny looks and laughter. By time he comes near where Hawkeye and Duke are standing, t Sergeant is beginning to wonder if there is something pec about the names he is calling. For added protection Hawke and Duke have replaced their Medical Corps insignia with simple cross of the Chaplain's Corps.
1) 289) dialog: You can't be serious, man.
1) 291) dialog: The reason they're being shipped  home is they're the two biggest  fairies in the Far East Command.
1) 297) text: The Segeant goes off in one direction, Duke and Hawkeye i another. Pretty soon they come across a dice game and stop to watc
1) 298) dialog: This a closed game or you take  anybody's dough?
1) 302) dialog: Hell, man, that don't matter. We're  loaded. We were big wheels in the  black market in Seoul.
1) 316) text: Hawkeye reaches for the bottle, hands it to Duke, who tak a sip and passes it back. Hawkeye kills it and throws it  into a trash can.
1) 317) dialog: Let's hear from you, you goddam  Yankee. Be nice to see you some time.
1) 319) text: Duke picks up his bags and starts out. Hawkeye resumes  shaving.