0) 15) dialog: (state of Maine  affirmative) Ayuh. I'm the other then.
0) 19) dialog: My name's Hawkeye Pierce.
0) 21) text: Hawkeye takes the driver's seat. Duke, getting into the r hand side, has no objection, just a question.
0) 23) dialog: Ayuh, only it's early, I need a drink  to wake me up.
0) 26) dialog: Make it yourself, or is it real?
0) 28) dialog: Tax-free booze. It's about all you  can say for army life.
0) 30) dialog: Crabapple Cove. Maine.
0) 32) dialog: Pretty near. What do you know about  the outfit we're going to?
0) 34) dialog: We got to head them off, right at  the start. Push them around first.
0) 35) text: They have exchanged the bottle a couple of times. In the of raising it to his mouth, Hawkeye looks toward the hosp doorway.
0) 36) dialog: I think we already caught their eye.
0) 37) text: Two MPs have emerged from the hospital administration off and are heading toward them. Hawkeye goes into action qui starting the Jeep engine.
0) 39) dialog: Shore Patrol, Duke. Let's go!
0) 42) dialog: Must be the Famous Curb Service Whore  – (pronounced 'howah') House. You in the market Duke?
0) 47) dialog: Well, there it is. Jesus!
0) 51) dialog: Finest kind. We'll sit where we can  get the best view.
0) 52) text: Accordingly, they select seats close to the nurses and fa the Lieutenant. Some personnel are on duty in the hospita during this lunch period, but beside Dish, two of the  following three nurses with whom we will become acquainte are present here: KNOCKO, who is black, a captain in her thirties, solidly  built, very strong and very competent in her job; LESLIE, also a captain, not more than thirty, bright, attractive, cheerful, the kind of girl that brings out the latent mal matrimonial instinct but who, strangely, is treated as  inviolate by the by the sex-starved men of the post; and  LIEUTENANT SCORCH, who can't match Dish or Leslie by phys standards but has the asset of instant availability. A Korean boy, not yet of military age, in green fatigue p and an off-white coat, appears promptly and heaps Duke an Hawkeye's plates with food. Duke is hungry enough to turn his whole attention to the meal, but Hawkeye is unable to keep his eyes off Lieutenant Dish while eating. Thus neit of them is aware of the attention they are getting from t male officers' group, which includes HENRY, a couple of  medical captains named MURRHARDT and BANDINI; DAGO RED  (officially, Father John Patrick Mulcahy, red-haired Cath Chaplain of the area) and the PAINLESS POLE (Captain Walt Zaldowski, Dental Officer), both in their thirties; and  CAPTAIN UGLY JOHN BLACK, an Australian anesthesiologist. There is also curiosity about the newcomers from the unli men's section, where we see among others RADAR; VOLLMER,  Henry's overweight Sargeant Major; CORPORAL JUDSON, young black and fresh from Mississippi; PRIVATE BOONE, who look too young and nervous to be in any man's army; and PFC  SEIDMAN, whose first trip out of New York has taken him  halfway around the world. Henry, who alone has reason to be personally affronted by Duke and Hawkeye's unmilitary behavior, gets up and cross to where they are sitting.
0) 54) dialog: Nope, we're assigned heah.
0) 65) dialog: Colonel Blake, have no fear. Hawkeye  and Duke are here.
0) 69) dialog: The blonde dish.
0) 71) dialog: Okay, Lieutenant Dish. I guess she's  already... involved with somebody  here.
0) 74) dialog: Why bother with first base? I'd go  right for the home run.
0) 83) dialog: Poker sounds great. When do you play?
0) 99) dialog: One of his ancestors, I think.
0) 108) dialog: (to Duke) Well, southern boy, I suppose you  want the sack that's convenient to  the door.
0) 110) text: He indicates the unoccupied cot which, like Frank's, is a the rear of the tent with the stove between it and the fr door. Hawkeye shrugs and reaches into his barracks bag.
0) 111) dialog: Let's choose for it. (finds baseball bat,  hands it to Duke) You toss.
0) 112) text: Duke tosses the bat vertically in the air. As it comes do Hawkeye grabs it expertly at the tape with his left hand. Duke puts his left hand above that, and Duke is left with his right hand waving in the air with nothing to grab.
0) 113) dialog: (to Ho-Jon) Part of your education. Always use  your own bat.
0) 116) dialog: Two-man job. How much blood has he  had?
0) 118) dialog: Duke...
0) 119) text: Duke has just examined a patient. He takes a step towards Hawkeye.
0) 120) dialog: This kid's ready but we won't know  all the damage till we get in and  see what's happened. What have you  got?
0) 123) dialog: Naw, I already found out. The only  thing he doesn't like about being in  charge is making decisions.
0) 126) dialog: Hot pack.
0) 130) dialog: There's nothing ridiculous about it. (turns her face up to  his) A kid like you...
0) 133) dialog: No trouble at all. (then) Hawkeye.
0) 135) dialog: 'The Last of the Mohicans.' Only  book my father ever read.
0) 138) dialog: It isn't always this rough?
0) 140) dialog: They don't have to be dull. I mean  if you and me put our minds  together...
0) 142) dialog: For a start. I just have a hunch...  well, it isn't entirely a hunch...
0) 144) dialog: You have a certain modest charm  yourself.
0) 146) dialog: Something else we have in common.
0) 148) dialog: Same here.
0) 150) dialog: It's a matter of definition. Faithful  in spirit, yes.
0) 152) dialog: Ayuh.
0) 154) dialog: Of course not.
0) 156) dialog: Then why not, as long as it wouldn't  hurt anybody...?
0) 158) text: With a grateful look at him, she goes back inside. Hawkey contemplates the accomplishment she has credited him with and finds it appalling. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye and Duke are working across the table from each o again, this time inside a man's chest, stopping a hemorrh and debriding the wound.
0) 160) dialog: He can't take much more time on the  table.
0) 162) text: EXT. MASH COMPOUND – MORNING Wearing fatigues now, Hawkeye and Duke are making their w way from the hospital to their tent after a night's work. There is an announcement coming over the post-wide public address system, but it doesn't concern them.
0) 166) dialog: You can cut the bow.
0) 168) dialog: (demonstrating bow) That. It's out of the act.
0) 179) dialog: Finest kind. We're training Ho-Jon  to be a bartender. Join us?
0) 182) dialog: (to Duke) Christ Almighty, I think he means  it!
0) 190) dialog: Right, Ho-Jon. See you later.
0) 193) text: Ho-Jon goes out. Duke and Hawkeye settle back to enjoy th drinks but they both come bolt upright when they see Fran drop to his knees by his cot and begin to intone the Lord Prayer.
0) 195) text: Hawkeye and Duke find it hard to believe their eyes and e They never expected to see a grown man behaving as Frank now.
0) 197) dialog: You ever caught this bread, and  forgive our syndrome before, Duke?
0) 201) dialog: ...the glory forever. Amen. (raising martini  glasses) Amen!
0) 203) dialog: (singing) Marching as to war. With the cross  of Jesus going on before. Christ our  Royal Master, leads against the foe.  Forward into battle...
0) 205) text: For a moment, before Hawkeye speaks, some of the words Fr is mumbling come through.
0) 207) dialog: Come clean with us, Frank. Were you  on this religious kick back home, or  did you start to crack up here on  the post?
0) 214) dialog: (hand on Henry's door) Ayuh. Just who we're looking for. (opens door) Henry, you got to do something!
0) 215) text: LESLIE exits from Henry's office as they enter. INT. HENRY'S OFFICE – DAY Henry is at his desk. Duke and Hawkeye come in and seat  themselves in informal comfort. Both watch Leslie exit.
0) 216) dialog: We've stuck it out for a whole week  now... Pretty girl.
0) 219) dialog: But we strongly suspect something  will happen to screw up this splendid  organization of yours if you don't  get that sky pilot out of our tent.
0) 223) dialog: We'll find out what they are when  you throw us out.
0) 226) dialog: Except we forgot one other small  thing.
0) 228) dialog: The chest-cutter.
0) 230) dialog: This outfit needs somebody who can  find his way around the pulmonary  anatomy when the bases are loaded.
0) 240) dialog: You work those kind of hours, you  got to have rest. Which you can't  get with somebody jabbering away on  a direct line to heaven.
0) 242) text: Radar goes out. Duke gets to his feet and Hawkeye makes a preliminary move toward doing so.
0) 243) dialog: About that chest-cutter...
0) 245) dialog: We don't want any more than that. (following Duke out) Right now.
0) 247) dialog: Cold?
0) 250) dialog: Maria...
0) 253) text: Hawkeye opens the door of the Officers' Club, looks in.
0) 254) dialog: Nobody here.
0) 259) text: Hawkeye lets go of her, and they try to look like innocen strollers.
0) 260) dialog: Hi, Ho-Jon. How they goin'?
0) 273) dialog: (to Duke) I think I've seen this nut somewhere. (to Trapper) Haven't I?
0) 275) text: Hawkeye is unsatisfied. He keeps staring at Trapper, sure he's seen him before.
0) 281) dialog: (to Trapper) That's the front up the road a few  miles. We have to get by without  some of the comforts of home.
0) 283) text: He reaches into his parka, comes up with a bottle of oliv takes one out and puts it into the martini Ho-Jon serves  him. Then, as Hawkeye and Duke gape at him, he offers the the bottle.
0) 286) dialog: Jesus to Jesus and eight hands around!  Duke, did I ever tell you how I beat  Dartmouth by intercepting a pass?
0) 288) dialog: We didn't have a chance, little  Androscoggin College against the Big  Green, but there was this blizzard  and we held then nothing nothing  till the last twenty seconds. Then  this great passer of theirs let one  go, snow and all...
0) 290) dialog: He's Trapper John! Only man in history  who ever found fulfillment in the  ladies' can of a Boston and Maine  Railroad car! When the Conductor  caught him in there with his Winter  Carnival date, she screamed: 'He  trapped me!' What have you been doing  since those days, Trapper?
0) 292) text: The enlisted men, increasingly concerned about their foot are muttering mutinously to each other. Hawkeye is too ca away about Trapper's identity to notice this till Trapper calls it to his attention.
0) 294) text: Hawkeye looks at the football and at the enlisted men, an finally getting the point, throws it back to them.
0) 296) text: They look across the compound to the Shower Tent, behind  which an Army truck full of GIs has just pulled up. While Hawkeye and Duke explain what's going on to Trapper, and three of them move in for a closer look, we see the visit GIs drop one by one from the rear of the truck, pay their admission fees and take their places in the line leading to the strategically placed peep hole in the rear corner the tent.
0) 298) dialog: (to Trapper) You met him. Walt Waldowski, the  Dental Officer.
0) 301) dialog: Part of him. Painless is the owner  and operator of the Pride of Hamtrack.  That's where he comes from...  Hamtrack, Michigan.
0) 303) dialog: Way we hear it, the Pride is supposed  to have run up the highest lifetime  batting average ever recorded in  Wayne County.
0) 307) dialog: This kid looks like a loser. Maybe  we better get the bead-jiggler to  put in a fix.
0) 314) text: Hawkeye meanwhile is checking blood pressure again.
0) 315) dialog: Going up. Nice work, Red.
0) 318) dialog: I don't care about the intention. I  just know your Cross Action is a  plus on our side. I've seen it come  through four times.
0) 320) dialog: Not without lots of praying and  kissing the dice. (to Dago Red) It's a different ritual but it works  the same.
0) 323) text: Dago Red gives him a quick, intent look, which Hawkeye no
0) 325) dialog: Ho-Jon, give the Father some more  martini.
0) 328) dialog: We wanted to tell you how you were  helping us with your fixes.
0) 331) dialog: I guess I'm getting a toothache I  better have looked at.
0) 334) dialog: Got to see the man about a tooth.  Where is he?
0) 336) text: Hawkeye goes on into Painless' private quarters.
0) 340) dialog: Tell me the whole story, Walt.
0) 342) dialog: There's only one worth noticing.
0) 346) dialog: What did you have to test, for God's  sake... the dental Don Juan of  Detroit?
0) 348) text: Moved by the intensity of his self-denunciation, Hawkeye  bends down close to Painless, puts a comforting hand on h shoulder.
0) 349) dialog: Painless, you mustn't talk that way.  It's a lot of crap. Cover for what?
0) 351) text: Hawkeye straightens abruptly, his hand rising from Painle shoulder as from a hot stove.
0) 353) dialog: You've been drawn to other males?  Since you were a kid?
0) 355) dialog: Just in dreams?
0) 357) dialog: That's what you've been doing all  these years with every dame you could  lay your hands on? Repressing your  real self?
0) 359) dialog: You don't have any problem. You've  got thirty good years ahead of you,  easy. Maybe you'll have to cut down  as you grow older, get along with  just two fiancees, but...
0) 362) dialog: There ought to be a law against  dentists reading. Matter of fact, I  thought there was. Anyway, this is  an obsession. He can't be persuaded  out of it.
0) 365) dialog: Get out the scotch, Ho-Jon. (to the others) Don't mention the sex thing unless  he brings it up.
0) 375) dialog: How do you figure to go? Forty-five  between the eyes?
0) 379) dialog: (as in a medical  consultation) Well, I'm sure my colleagues will  agree there are a number of dependable  measures for extinguishing the vital  forces.
0) 381) dialog: The black capsule. Finest kind. Thank  you, Dr. McIntyre.
0) 384) dialog: In the direction you want to go.
0) 388) dialog: How they goin', Losing Preacher?  What do you hear from the Pope?
0) 390) dialog: He's parted his moorings.
0) 392) dialog: The Painless Pole plans to cross the  Great Divide tonight and we need  your help to straighten him out.
0) 394) dialog: Put in one of your fixes. Walt knows  he's loused himself with the Church,  but it's part of our plan to make  him think he has the keys to the  kingdom. Which he will think if you  grease the skids for him.
0) 396) dialog: What is, Red, the intention or the  act?
0) 398) dialog: Just use common sense. Your job is  preventing sin, and the way to do  that is give him your best Cross  Action.
0) 400) dialog: An eternal damnation.
0) 405) text: During this tribute the guests rise, their eyes on the gu of honor, who sits with his food untouched, a vacant  expression on his face. When Duke has finished and everyo has drunk the toast, they applaud and sit down again. Tra raps for attention and indicates Hawkeye, who rises.
0) 406) dialog: I just got this one thing to say.  Nobody ordered Walt to take on this  mission. He volunteered, for certain  death. That's what we award our  highest medal for. That's what being  a soldier is all about.
0) 417) dialog: You're a pretty heavy guy to lug  around. Be a hell of a lot more  convenient for everybody if you got  into the box as soon as you've taken  the capsule.
0) 425) dialog: You want it straight? Medical history  records no instance of anyone taking  this particular prescription and  surviving.
0) 427) text: He pops the capsule into his mouth and washes it down wit large drink of whiskey. Hawkeye gestures to the waiting  coffin. Painless gets up and lowers himself into it.
0) 429) dialog: Just about enough to say goodbye to  everybody. (announcing) Line up over here, men, if you want  to pay your last respects. Keep moving  and file on out when you're through.
0) 432) dialog: And all the angels are built like  Lieutenant Dish.
0) 437) dialog: Thanks for coming, Maria. (takes her arm and  leads her through  exit) Sorry it had to be so late.
0) 438) text: EXT. MASH COMPOUND – NIGHT Hawkeye and Lieutenant Dish walk from the Postop Ward.
0) 440) dialog: You're leaving tomorrow?
0) 442) dialog: That's when the real strain starts.  Three weeks on a troopship. (embraces her) Poor baby.
0) 444) dialog: Though I guess who it'll really be  rough on is your husband.
0) 446) dialog: A man would be more considerate. He  wouldn't come home to his wife a  nervous wreck.
0) 448) dialog: It could be a purely impersonal thing.  What matters is the therapeutic value  of relieving your tensions.
0) 452) dialog: (after a moment of  massive internal  struggle) I didn't mean with me.
0) 455) dialog: It happens to be a matter of life  and death.
0) 457) dialog: Precisely, Maria. Tonight you have  the same privilege that comes on  rare occasions to the chief executive  of some state or nation... the  privilege of restoring life, by one  tender act of mercy, to a doomed  fellow creature.
0) 460) dialog: He should come to now for a while,  but he's got so much dope in him by  tomorrow he won't know fact from  fantasy.
0) 462) dialog: What do you care? You'll be on your  way to Japan.
0) 464) dialog: It's your decision, Maria. I don't  want to high-pressure you.
0) 466) dialog: In fact I'd rather not try to  influence you at all. (opening tent flap) Let's just go in and take a look,  and then you think it through for  yourself.
0) 467) text: INT. BLUE-LIT TENT – NIGHT The tent has been fixed up with all the resources at thei disposal – cushions, parachute cloth, mirrors and little  touches of elegance gathered from all over the post – to  resemble a luxurious bedroom on the home front. Lying in (the pool table) between clean, inviting sheets is Painle The boys have undressed him as we can see by his bare  shoulders. Hawkeye takes Dish by the hand and leads her t the side of the bed.
0) 468) dialog: One last look at him... (raises sheet,  uncovering Painless  to the knees) ...still alive... (slips raised sheet  into Dish's grasp) ...the whole man.
0) 469) text: Dish's eyes pop at what she sees. So astounded is she tha she doesn't notice Hawkeye has given her the sheet and ma off.
0) 473) dialog: Morning Painless. How they goin'?
0) 511) dialog: Stop acting like a colonel, Henry.  You know Trapper wouldn't sock him  without a good reason.
0) 514) dialog: This time he did it to a kid who's  simple enough to believe him. Why  don't you dump the mother, Henry? He  creates more work than he gets done.
0) 516) dialog: Christ. All of a sudden it's West  Point.
0) 520) dialog: First decent idea you've had in a  month.
0) 524) dialog: Honey, nobody as pretty as you could  ever impose... please sit down.  Coffee?
0) 527) dialog: I'm glad you feel that way, Major,  because you see it's a team effort...  doctors, nurses, enlisted men... and  I feel responsible for my whole team,  and I want you to know I'm satisfied  with them.
0) 529) dialog: That's right. We work well together.
0) 531) dialog: That don't surprise me. If you're a  good observer, you must have observed  by now that Frank Burns is a jerk.
0) 533) dialog: And his track record, that don't  count? Look, honey, when you watch  the two shifts try to notice which  one does the most work with the least  fuss.
0) 535) dialog: It's my name. Maybe that sounds silly  to you but...
0) 537) dialog: Okay, Major, honey. (pushes back his chair) I'm going to have a couple shots  scotch and go to bed. I'd normally  ask you to join me but obviously  you're a female version of the routine  Regular Army clown. And that turns  me off, so just leave my outfit alone  and we'll get along fine. (stands up to go) See you around the campus.
0) 539) dialog: Sister, if I knew the answer to that  I sure as hell wouldn't be here.
0) 560) dialog: Good thinking, Duke. How about it,  Ho-Jon? Can you round up a few of  the boys?
0) 564) dialog: (afraid of where this  is leading) Never mind. Forget it.
0) 567) dialog: I don't think so either.
0) 571) dialog: (singing) Hail to the Chief And King of all  the surgeons He needs a queen To  satisfy his urgin's.
0) 573) dialog: Very well, Your Majesty. (starting toward Frank  and Hot Lips) Congratulations, Frank. He picked  you.
0) 575) dialog: Oh, you want to play it straight? (to Hot Lips) I guess I owe you an apology.
0) 595) text: INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye is performing surgery on a patient, assisted by  Captain Bandini. Both doctors and Leslie, the nurse worki with them, have stopped to listen to the lovers' dialogue coming over the OR speaker.
0) 611) text: INT. MESS HALL – DAY Hot Lips is finishing breakfast at a table with some of t other nurses. Frank is sitting near her but at another ta with a handful of male officers, including Hawkeye direct opposite him. Duke and Trapper enter together as Hot Lips rises to leav
0) 617) text: Hawkeye probably can't make out her exact words, but his  gaze follows her as she goes out the open door. The he lo at Frank, bending low across the table as if he, too, had something confidential to say, but actually speaking quit distinctly.
0) 618) dialog: Tell me, Frank, is that stuff you're  tapping any good?
0) 621) text: INT. MESS HALL – DAY Hawkeye, who can see Henry outside (which Frank can't),  affects surprise at receiving no answer to his question.
0) 622) dialog: I was just asking...
0) 628) dialog: I only wanted to know what she's  like in the sack. Do those big boobs  hold up or are they kind of droopy?
0) 632) dialog: Also I'm curious whether she's a  moaner or...
0) 637) dialog: You know, does she go in for sound  effects...?
0) 638) text: He keeps a wary eye on Frank while talking, and thus is a to duck the coffee pot Frank hurls at him. From where Hen stands in the doorway, this act of unprovoked aggression astonishing enough, for he can see Hawkeye innocently eat his cereal, but the Colonel is even more amazed when Fran follows it by springing across the table onto Hawkeye and raining blows on him. Hawkeye puts up no resistance but s covers his head and screams.
0) 639) dialog: Help! He's gone mad! Help, somebody!
0) 643) text: It is now February. A jeep with Hawkeye at the wheel, Ho- beside him, drives up to the entrance. Hawkeye gives Ho-J a final instruction as the boy gets out of the Jeep and g into the building. Hawkeye finds a place to park in the s Lieutenant Scorch is with them.
0) 645) dialog: I didn't have much choice.
0) 647) dialog: Yeah!
0) 652) dialog: Yes, I know. Hi, Ho-Jon. How did it  go?
0) 654) dialog: I'm sorry to hear that. You think  he's unfit for military service?
0) 656) dialog: Why would he do that?
0) 658) text: He gives Hawkeye a warm smile and leaves the two of them  alone. It's clear from Hawkeye's expression that he has n choice but to admit defeat.
0) 659) dialog: Sorry, Ho-Jon. I didn't think they'd  be that sharp. But I'm still going  to start the ball rolling for you to  go to college in America when you  get out. My old school, Androscoggin.
0) 661) dialog: (pleased with himself) I came within about ten yards of  you. You know something, Trapper,  the way we been going, if we ever  got to see a real golf course again,  I bet we could burn it up.
0) 674) text: Trapper meanwhile has held the X-rays up to the sunlight invited Hawkeye to look at them at the same time.
0) 676) text: Hawkeye uses the pretense of scanning the X-rays from ano angle to draw Trapper aside, so they can speak without th Pilot and Vollmer hearing them.
0) 677) dialog: I'm not so sure the goddam thing's  in his heart.
0) 682) dialog: Let me translate. I've had some  exposure to the language. The young  man is from Brooklyn and he wants us  to vacate this vehicle.
0) 685) dialog: You betcher ever-loving A, buddy- boy.
0) 688) dialog: So let's haul ass, Sergeant.
0) 693) dialog: Beautiful. What do you think? Should  we stop and play nine holes now and  operate on the kid later? If he's  still alive.
0) 696) dialog: Good thinking.
0) 700) dialog: Where's the Congressman's son at,  honey?
0) 704) dialog: I'm the pro from Dover and this is  my favorite caddie.
0) 706) dialog: (relenting) Well, if you must know...
0) 709) text: He moves toward the girl, who holds her ground staunchly  till they are almost in contact. Then she takes a step ba and continues to take one step backwards for each one of in her direction. When they get close to the door, her  resistance collapses entirely and she scurries back to he seat at the desk, where she grabs the phone as Trapper an Hawkeye march through the door.
0) 711) text: INT. 25TH STATION HOSPITAL – DAY All personnel, American and Japanese (who, like the Korea at MASH, do the menial work) react in surprise to the sig of Trapper and Hawkeye making their way around a few corn till they find Ward Six.
0) 713) dialog: (to Congressman's son) Don't worry, son. That's Captain  McIntyre, and he's the best chest  surgeon in the Far East and maybe in  the whole U.S. Army. He'll fix you  up fine. Your daddy saw to that.
0) 717) text: Anticipating that a major confrontation is about to take  place, Trapper and Hawkeye decide to keep it away from th patient's beside. Accordingly they pick up their golf bag and go to meet the advancing Captain.
0) 719) dialog: (politely) We're surgeons, ma'am, we're here to  work. All we want is our starting  time.
0) 727) dialog: (to circulating nurse) Get that dirty old man out of the  operating room!
0) 729) dialog: Beat it, Pop. If this chest gets  infected, I'll tell the Congressman  who did it.
0) 730) text: To everyone's astonishment, including the Colonel's, it w He turns around and walks out without another word. Most  affected of all by Hawkeye's audacity is Me Lay, who reac with a sharp look in Hawkeye's direction and then by pick up his anesthesia chart and writing, in the space labeled "First Assistant," the name "Hawkeye Pierce."
0) 733) dialog: He's the pro from Dover and I'm the  Ghost of Smokey Joe.
0) 735) text: Both surgeons stop working in their surprise. Hawkeye loo at the anesthesia chart and sees where Me Lay has written his name. Then he takes a closer look at Me Lay himself, what shows of him between his cap and his mask.
0) 736) dialog: (to Trapper) Did I ever tell you about Me Lay  Marston?
0) 738) dialog: Well, he wouldn't score more than  once in seven or eight tries, but  the important thing was he didn't  waste time socializing. Anyway,  Trapper John, this is Me Lay.
0) 740) dialog: The one and only.
0) 744) dialog: You don't go after the local scrunch?
0) 747) dialog: (to Me Lay) What do you do in the joint besides  pimp?
0) 751) dialog: Tell him we'll think about it. (to Trapper) I suppose we do have to reach some  sort of understanding with the old  boy.
0) 756) text: Trapper just slings his golf bag over his shoulder with a sigh, as does Hawkeye. Me Lay, meanwhile, has written a f words on a scrap of paper.
0) 760) dialog: (to Corporal) Lead the way.
0) 761) text: The Corporal does so and they follow him out. INT. 25TH STATION HOSPITAL – DAY Hawkeye and Trapper come out of the dressing room after t Corporal and follow him down a corridor. Then they realiz to their surprise that there are two other soldiers follo them who have been stationed outside the dressing door. T invitation from the Colonel is getting to seem less casua every moment. INT. COLONEL MERRILL'S OUTER OFFICE – DAY A SECOND LIEUTENANT and a Sergeant seated on opposite sid of a desk look up with interest as Trapper and Hawkeye co in with escorts fore and aft.
0) 764) text: Hawkeye and Trapper exchange looks.
0) 766) text: The Corporal opens the door to the Colonel's empty and qu luxurious office. Trapper and Hawkeye go in with their go bags. INT. COLONEL MERRILL'S OFFICE – DAY Trapper and Hawkeye enter, the door closing behind them, look around. It is a long time since they have seen  surroundings like these, with Western upholstered furnitu pictures on the walls and high quality wall-to-wall carpe It is this last feature that attracts Hawkeye's attention He squats down to feel its texture and with a look invite Trapper to do the same. Trapper is also impressed with th smoothness of the surface, and without having to exchange word about it, they each find a putter and a golf ball an start lining up targets for their brief sorely missed put practice.
0) 771) dialog: Please! (completes a putt,  walks over and picks  up ball) Face it, Colonel, you don't have us,  we have you. Your boys blew this  case, we bailed you out. We figure  we ought to hang around a day to  check the Congressman's kid, and we  also figure to play some golf. So if  that's okay with you, we got a deal.
0) 773) dialog: (picking up his clubs) When you make up your mind, get in  touch. The golf club is probably the  best place to leave a message.
0) 778) text: Hawkeye has discovered a pair of knee-length argyle socks which he exhibits to Trapper.
0) 779) dialog: We got to have these to wear with  them. (glances out window) You know, by the time we get all  this stuff on, it'll be practically  dark.
0) 780) text: Two GIRL CADDIES enter the shop while he is speaking. The are very young, not more than seventeen, dressed in slack They see Trapper and Hawkeye's golf bags and start to sli them over their shoulders.
0) 784) dialog: Come on, Trapper. We got to forget  golf for today.
0) 786) dialog: (to Golf Pro) What's the age of consent in this  country?
0) 788) dialog: Never mind. (to Trapper) Let's take one sport at a time. The  place for tonight's is the New Era  Pediatric Hospital Et Cetera.
0) 798) dialog: (to Me Lay) Why can't you look at him?
0) 800) dialog: What's the story?
0) 802) dialog: What's wrong with him?
0) 806) dialog: Don't give them any unnecessary  details. Just say the pros from Dover  are on their way with an emergency.  And you'd better get the OR cranked  up because I got a feeling you're  going to pass some gas while I help  Trapper close a little bastard's  tracheo-esophageal fistula.
0) 807) text: INT. 25TH STATION HOSPITAL OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Three OR nurses are at work getting things on order when swinging doors open and Me Lay, carrying the two-day-old  baby, enters, accompanied by Hawkeye and Trapper. Nothing has led the nurses to expect an infant patient, and they distinctly taken aback.
0) 809) dialog: Yes, ladies, that's why we got you  up. Me Lay, put him down there... (indicating operating  table) ...and get ready to start giving him  the anesthetic. (to nurses) We stumbled on this deal. We didn't  want it but we don't see how we can  walk away from it, no matter whose  rules are broken. This baby has no  legal right to be taken care of in  an Army hospital, though his father  was probably an American soldier.  But he's going to die if we don't  fix him now, tonight. So what about  it?
0) 815) dialog: Me Lay? Trapper?
0) 816) text: Moving in concert, Hawkeye and Trapper grab Colonel Merri and drag him over to Me Lay's end of the operating table. Lay takes the anesthetic mask from the baby's face and cl it firmly on the Colonel's. The Colonel struggles for a w but they manage to hold him and pretty soon he is quiet.
0) 817) dialog: Is he out?
0) 821) dialog: Let's get his clothes off quick.
0) 824) text: Michiko moves toward the bed, removing the kimono which i her only garment. At the same time Hawkeye grabs a camera which is all ready for use with a flashbulb attachment an starts to take a series of shots of the Colonel and Michi both naked in the bed. The Colonel reacts to the intermit bursts of light.
0) 827) dialog: (after five or six  shots) All right, that's plenty. You can  put your clothes on, Colonel.
0) 830) dialog: That's what they all say. But I have  photographic evidence here that you're  a lecherous old man and a disgrace  to the uniform. However, I won't  even develop the film if your people  watch that baby we operated on like  he was the Congressman's grandson.  Which for all we know he may be.
0) 839) dialog: It couldn't be good news.
0) 850) text: Henry looks eagerly to the south as the COMBINED SOUND of three helicopters becomes audible and quickly mounts in  intensity. EXT. SKY TO THE SOUTH – DAY A helicopter (the type that came from Seoul to pick up Tr and Hawkeye, rather than the Air Rescue Squadron ones tha bring the wounded from the front) approaches the landing  area and starts to make its descent. There is a golf bag  full of clubs attached to each of its pods.
0) 859) text: Duke looks, too, and the patient's eyes are enough to tel him the job he's doing no longer has any function. After almost superfluous check of the heartbeat, Lapham closes man's eyes. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye, with Ugly John handling the anesthetic, is diggi out pieces of metal from a face that will never quite loo like a face again. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Trapper, with Painless filling in as anesthesioloigist, i working in close to a patient's heart. Suddenly all the l in the OR go out. This is not an unprecedented event, and one by one three corpsmen appear in different locations a the operating table with flashlights whose combined beams make it possible for Trapper to carry on. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT With the electric light restored, Duke and Lapham are at  work on another case, removing several feet of small bowe no longer useful to the owner. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Henry and Murrhardt, with Scorch assisting, are amputatin an arm. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT A dead patient, face covered with a sheet is removed from operating table by two corpsmen. Immediately two other  corpsmen bring a stretcher to the other side of the table and unload a new patient onto it. Ugly John and a nurse s to prepare him for surgery. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye, with Knocko helping, is sewing up an incision wh we can see is in the area of the groin. Dago Red comes by
0) 861) dialog: He'll live if that's what you mean.  But somebody better be around when  he comes to and finds out there's  nothing left between his legs.
0) 884) dialog: (to a corpsman) Get that bandage off so I can see  what the hell's underneath.
0) 887) text: The blood continues to gush as the people in the immediat vicinity watch in fascination. As it comes down again if  falls on the PFC's face and into his mouth. He reacts by  coughing, spraying his audience with blood. Hawkeye runs  back and sticks his index finger down the hole, blocking the severed artery and stopping the flow of blood.
0) 888) dialog: (to corpsmen) Bring him to the OR right on this  stretcher. I can't take my finger  out. Somebody find Ugly John and get  his ass in there.
0) 889) text: They are already in motion toward OR, Hawkeye moving alon beside the stretcher with his finger in the hole. On the they pass near Leslie.
0) 890) dialog: This one is urgent, Les. Start  somebody cutting off his clothes.  Tell the lab to come in with a couple  of pints of low titre O, and type  and cross-match him for five or six  more. Get somebody to do two  countdowns and start the blood. Come  to think of it, get somebody to start  rounding up donors, and send some  cowboys to Seoul for all the goddam  blood they can get. And get that  miserable gas-passer in here!
0) 892) dialog: Good. Get him asleep and a tube in  him if you can. His common carotid  is cut and I can't do anything with  the son-of-a-bitch jumping all over  the place. (to Leslie) Find somebody to help me. I got to  keep a finger on this or we lose  him, and I can't get it clamped with  my left hand.
0) 894) dialog: Grab this Kelly, ride it down my  fingers and we'll have this mother  under control.
0) 895) text: The newcomer, though Hawkeye doesn't realize it, is Dago  Red. Following instructions, he takes the clamp and inserts it the wound.
0) 897) dialog: Didn't recognize you, Red. When you  get the clamp all the way down, open  it as wide as you can and see if you  can close it on the artery.
0) 900) text: But what he has grabbed with the clamp is Hawkeye's finge and Hawkeye, by reflex action, pulls it out to where we c see it with the clamp grasping it. The blood starts to sp again and Hawkeye goes back into the wound, but this time with his left index finger.
0) 901) dialog: You got my finger for Christ's sake.  But maybe I can do better with my  right hand. (inserts a retractor  into wound, puts the  working end of it in  Dago Red's hands,  taking back the Kelly  clamp) Pull it toward you. More. Good. (rides clamp down his  left index finger  and this time he  closes it on the  right place) There. That does it for now. (to Ugly John) We'll keep him right where he is  till Trapper John can give me a hand  sewing that artery back together.
0) 904) dialog: You got to relax, Henry. Since the  deluge started, you been working in  the OR and running the outfit, too.
0) 906) dialog: (calling) Radar!
0) 912) dialog: Believe me, Henry, outside of us, no  one'll even know you're gone.
0) 915) text: Out of habit Hawkeye looks at the X-ray first.
0) 916) dialog: For you, Trapper.
0) 918) text: Duke turns back to undertake his assignment. Trapper and  Hawkeye continue to study the X-ray.
0) 919) dialog: It's in pretty deep.
0) 924) dialog: Christ, it's Ho-Jon!
0) 929) dialog: We got to have at least one pint.  It's for Ho-Jon.
0) 932) dialog: If we squeeze him through, I'm going  to get him into Androscoggin College.
0) 934) dialog: Dartmouth's too big and too expensive.  If he's as good as I think he is, he  can move into the big league later.  But Androscoggin first.
0) 936) dialog: Never mind the conversation. Do it,  Dad.
0) 938) dialog: (preparing to use  suction device) If we don't get that pint, he's in  trouble.
0) 941) text: The lab technician tightens the sleeve of Henry's T-shirt serve as a tourniquet, and Radar expertly inserts a needl into the vein and starts extracting blood into a pint  container. INT. OPERATING ROOM – NIGHT Hawkeye has finished aspirating the blood. Trapper reache down into the wound.
0) 943) text: He takes his hand out and lets Hawkeye put his in.
0) 944) dialog: I don't feel anything.
0) 946) text: He indicates that he wants to feel again. Hawkeye withdra his hand and Trapper puts his back in again.
0) 948) dialog: I don't get it.
0) 950) dialog: What do we do?
0) 952) dialog: Be kind of rough on him if there's  no blood. Why don't we close up and  sit on him a couple of days?
0) 956) dialog: I though you said we didn't have a  drop.
1) 4) dialog: When will he be able to write?
1) 6) dialog: An application to Androscoggin  College.
1) 19) dialog: I guess that's why you go for Hot  Lips Houlihan.
1) 21) dialog: How can you say a thing like that  about an officer in the United States  Army?
1) 23) dialog: You got yourself a bet, Georgia boy. (to Trapper) You're a witness.
1) 29) dialog: They're coming.
1) 31) dialog: Hey, Knocko, I got those pictures  you promised to look at of my kids.  You too, Wilma. It won't take a  minute. (to Hot Lips politely) You can see them too, if you want.
1) 33) text: She continues on across the compound and enters the showe tent. Knocko and Lieutenant Scorch come over to the Swamp while Hawkeye goes inside to find the pictures. Then two more n emerge from a tent and head for the showers. Trapper gets and saunters over to intercept them. EXT. SHOWER TENT – DAY The door of the tent is closed behind Hot Lips, and after moment there is the sound of water being turned on. Then attention is drawn to the peak of the tent, to which a th scarcely visible strand of wire has been attached. The wi is drawn taut and runs across the peak of the barbershop  tent next door and down the far side of it to where Duke  sits on the ground operating a sort of windlass upon whic the wire is wound. He turns the crank with a quick burst energy. Back at the shower tent the force of the wire pulls the c tight, the loosened stakes come out of the ground, and th whole tent is whisked right off its center pole, revealin Hot Lips nude under the shower. EXT. BARBERSHOP TENT – DAY Duke abandons his machine and moves to where he can get t crucial view of Hot Lips. The he calls across the compoun to Hawkeye.
1) 44) text: Thank you. Carry on. INT. DENTAL CLINIC – NIGHT Hawkeye, Duke and Painless are playing poker with a Briti a Norwegian and an Australian officer. It is close to two o'clock the same night. General Hammond opens the door an looks in, doesn't like what he sees and steps inside. All six players are immediately aware of his presence but dec to act as if they weren't.
1) 45) dialog: (to British Officer,  who is dealing) Gimme three.
1) 47) dialog: You betcher ass, Dad.
1) 50) dialog: Check.
1) 52) dialog: You betcher ass, General.
1) 57) text: Hawkeye and the Australian throw in their hands.
1) 61) dialog: (to the general) I'm going to play poker until three  a.m. or until the patient is ready  for surgery. However, if you'd like  to operate on him yourself right  now, be my guest. I get the same  dough whether I work or not.
1) 63) dialog: There's nothing to talk about,  General. You take the case yourself  or join me at three o'clock. Either  way you're liable to learn something.
1) 64) text: The General is far from pleased with the disrespect accor him, but as the poker players start a new hand, he decide against making an issue on terms selected by Hawkeye. Ins he turns around and goes out.
1) 67) dialog: (to Seidman) Please ask General Hammond to join  us.
1) 69) dialog: General, at one-thirty when I checked  him last, this guy had had less than  a pint of blood, and he'd lost two  or three. His pulse then was 120 and  his blood pressure was about 90.  Now, at three o'clock, he's had three  pints of blood. His pulse is 80 and  his pressure 120. His collapsed lung  has been expanded and he's had a  gram of terramycin intravenously. We  can operate on him safely and we  should do it quickly, but we don't  have to do it frantically or  carelessly.
1) 71) dialog: Now, General, I'm going to sandbag  you. Do you think we're ready to get  out of this belly?
1) 73) dialog: Well, Dad, we haven't found any holes  in the large bowel. They've all been  in the small bowel, but the smell is  different. I caught a whiff of large  bowel, but it ain't staring us in  the face, right?
1) 75) dialog: So if it ain't staring us in the  face, it's got to be retroperitoneal.  And that, along with the look of the  wounds, makes me figure he's got a  hole in his sigmoid colon that we  won't find unless we look for it.
1) 77) dialog: And there it is.
1) 79) dialog: Neither does Henry Blake. But I'll  tell you what makes him the best  C.O. you've got in any of your  hospitals. He leaves all the medical  decisions to the men who do the day- to-day work and understand what  meatball surgery is.
1) 83) dialog: She's so square she's even against  our having a football team.
1) 89) dialog: Well, it's still pretty much in the  talk stage.
1) 91) dialog: I think I heard about that.
1) 93) dialog: Must be fun. But the point we want  to make about Henry...
1) 95) text: After the General has left, the other two Swampmen look a Hawkeye uncomprehendingly.
1) 97) dialog: All three of us played for our  schools. And there are at least four  other guys...
1) 99) dialog: We can balance that by getting  ourselves a ringer. Henry has to say  he needs a neurosurgeon and put in a  specific request for Dr. Oliver Harmon  Jones.
1) 101) dialog: Sure you have, only as 'Spearchucker'  Jones.
1) 104) dialog: On account he got caught in the doctor  draft. He was a surgical resident  playing semi-pro ball weekends when  the Eagles signed him.
1) 106) dialog: I worked with Spearchucker my first  month over here, at the 72nd Evac in  Taegu. Most of the colored guys know  who he is but they're not talking  because he asked them not to.
1) 108) dialog: We'll cut him in on the bets we make.  And still have enough profit to send  Ho-Jon to college.
1) 110) dialog: He can move in here with us.
1) 112) dialog: Don't tell me about your problems,  boy. Explain them to Ho-Jon.
1) 128) text: Hawkeye catches a pass from Trapper and runs with the bal right to where Henry and Spearchucker are standing.
1) 129) dialog: Listen, we look pretty lousy out  there, right?
1) 131) dialog: I'm thinking about how we can make  more money. (to Henry) Suppose we bet only part of our dough  and keep this big animal out of the  game the whole first half and let  them roll up some points. Then you  could bet the rest of our bundle  between the halves and get the General  and his friends to give us some real  odds.
1) 133) dialog: It's the only way we can make enough  to put Ho-Jon through Androscoggin.
1) 137) dialog: The bastards outconned us.
1) 139) dialog: If you start the game instead of  waiting, you mean?
1) 143) dialog: But we'd have to break his leg or  something to keep him out of the  game for good.
1) 148) dialog: I don't think I could hurt one of  them with a sledgehammer.
1) 151) dialog: The pro halback is playing safety.  Kick it to anybody else.
1) 157) text: He throws a lateral pass to Hawkeye, toward whom both tac from Cleveland now run. Hawkeye leads them almost from on side of the field to the other, then reverses direction,  keeping them on the move till he sees a chance to throw a lateral to Trapper.
1) 161) text: They are near the sideline to their left, playing a winge formation. Trapper takes the ball from Vollmer, the cente runs back as if to pass but really gives it to Hawkeye at left half as Hawkeye goes by him in a wide sweep that tak him all the way to the right sideline with the two Clevel tackles in pursuit. Hawkeye then cuts in quick and tries to get by them but o of them brings him down for a gain of no more than two ya On the next play Trapper really goes back to pass, but hi blockers are of no use against the pro tackles, whom he s descending on him. Trapper starts running straight back f a while, then makes a dash to the right followed by a das to the left. He is almost tackled again, and his only rou of escape is back toward his own goal line.
1) 163) text: Faced with a loss of about twenty-five yards, Trapper spo Hawkeye in the area of the line of scrimmage and whips th ball to him. Hawkeye catches it but there are tacklers all around him he goes down almost immediately for no gain on the play.  Moving faster than they have to in order not to give the  opposition any rest, the team huddles.
1) 166) dialog: Don't try to get it far down. Kick  it up high so we can get there and  surround that son-ofa-bitch.
1) 168) text: He does a good job of it. The kick is high enough so ther are several red jerseys around the Ram halfback when he g under it. He raises his right arm for a fair catch. The would-be Ma tacklers, including Hawkeye and Trapper are frustrated. T array themselves defensively while their opponents have a huddle and line up to take the offense.
1) 169) dialog: (to Duke and Trapper) Let's get him this time. I don't  think they've got anyone else who  can carry the ball.
1) 170) text: As Hawkeye anticipated, the opposing quarterback slips th ball to the Ram halfback, who starts to go wide of the ta sees Hawkeye, untouched by blockers, closing in from the  outside, and makes his beautiful cross-over to cut back i At the same time he is hit at the knees by Hawkeye, and h by Duke. And there are quite a few other Mash players in immediate vicinity, Trapper and Ugly John in the forefron so that a lot of weight is piled up on top of the flashy  halfback. A close look at Ugly John reveals him to be reaching insi his jersey and under a shoulder pad, from which he extrac a hypodermic needle. With the skill of an expert  anesthesiologist he pulls up the sleeve of the tackled an stunned halfback, and plunges the needle into his arm. The Referee meanwhile is indignantly pulling at the Mash  players on top of the pile and orally expressing his  disapproval.
1) 187) dialog: (to Spearchucker) What's the matter?
1) 195) dialog: (getting an idea) Radar!
1) 208) text: They break out of the huddle and line up as directed, wit all the linemen except Hawkeye on Vollmer's right. Their  opponents have trouble adjusting to this and are even mor confused when, just as Trapper bends down to take the bal from Vollmer, Hawkeye steps back into the backfield and D squeezes into the already crowded right line. Returning t ball to Vollmer, Trapper turns his back, fakes a pitchout Spearchucker, who is racing toward the line, and continue backward, holding himself as if he still had the ball and were fading for a long pass. So successfully does he crea this impression that the two tackles from Cleveland, seei clearly that Spearchucker hasn't received the ball, desce on Trapper with their last burst of energy. Two other ora and-black linemen also fall on top of him. Meanwhile, Vol holding his arms crossed under his stomach to further hid the ball, and looking as if her were suffering from a pai blow beneath the belt, starts walking down the field at a angle toward his own sideline, making the opposition thin he is heading for the bench to seek relief from his injur Spearchucker stops running at about the enemy thirty, loo back to where Trapper's tacklers are beginning to remove  themselves, but also notes out of the corner of his eye t only the opposing safety man is anywhere near Vollmer and that he isn't paying much attention to him. From the bench a frantic Henry looks indignantly at the s of his center and Sergeant Major coming off the field.
1) 218) dialog: Same here. You can retire my number.
1) 225) text: The X-ray is passed on to Hawkeye, Duke and Spearchucker turn.
1) 229) dialog: Pain bad, Ho-Jon?
1) 245) dialog: Henry's got our orders! We're going  home!
1) 247) dialog: Any time. Whenever we want.
1) 254) dialog: There's no transportation anyway  this time of night.
1) 256) dialog: I looked. Suspicious bastards got  them all locked up.
1) 260) dialog: (shaking hands with  Spearchucker) See you.
1) 262) dialog: (extending hand to  Trapper) Hang in there.
1) 270) dialog: (overlapping) What for?
1) 272) dialog: Oh, certainly, Sergeant. My name is  Captain George Limburger, and this  is Captain Walter Camembert.
1) 274) dialog: B-E-R-T, right. See you tomorrow.
1) 278) dialog: We got to start rehabilitating, Duke,  if we want to be halfway human by  the time we get back to our wives.
1) 280) dialog: Screw it. We been earning our keep  as respectable knife artists. Why  should we do work any pill-rolling  punk could handle?
1) 283) text: All he gets in response are funny looks and laughter. By time he comes near where Hawkeye and Duke are standing, t Sergeant is beginning to wonder if there is something pec about the names he is calling. For added protection Hawke and Duke have replaced their Medical Corps insignia with simple cross of the Chaplain's Corps.
1) 285) dialog: Excuse me, Sergeant.
1) 287) dialog: What do you want with those two  medical officers?
1) 292) dialog: Be the longest short-arm inspection  you ever held!
1) 294) dialog: They missed the boat.
1) 296) dialog: Glad to help.
1) 297) text: The Segeant goes off in one direction, Duke and Hawkeye i another. Pretty soon they come across a dice game and stop to watc
1) 303) dialog: Plus running the opium concession  for the whole Eighth Army.
1) 308) dialog: Glad to know you. Listen, we're  ducking short-arm inspection but our  cover isn't going to last long. How  would you two boys like to do us a  favor? Be Forrest and Pierce of the  Medical Corps between here and  Seattle.
1) 310) dialog: Nothing to it. You just turn a chair  around backwards and rest your chin  on the top. You sit there with a big  cigar in your mouth and and every  now and then, just to show you're  looking, you say, 'Don't wave it so  close to my cigar, soldier.' That's  all you do. You can't go wrong.
1) 313) dialog: Never mind your captain, honey. (takes bottle from  Duke and puts it  away) I'll take care of mine. Till we land  in Chicago.
1) 316) text: Hawkeye reaches for the bottle, hands it to Duke, who tak a sip and passes it back. Hawkeye kills it and throws it  into a trash can.
1) 318) dialog: Like the Spearchucker said, that's  possible. Anyway, it's been an  interesting association.
1) 319) text: Duke picks up his bags and starts out. Hawkeye resumes  shaving.
1) 323) dialog: Finest kind.