0) 101) text: They open the door of the tent and go in. There are three canvas cots with sleeping bags on them, a plank floor, an oil stove, electric light, a few crude shelves, one table and one chair plus assorted crates serving as same. MAJOR FRANK BURNS, 35, from Wisconsin, is sitting on one the two more favorably situated cots listening to HO-JON, Korean boy of 16, read from the Bible. He corrects the wo that has given Ho-Jon the most trouble.
0) 106) text: He takes out sex magazine, gives it to Ho-Jon in such a w that we see the nude on the cover, but Frank doesn't.
0) 165) dialog: Good morning, Captain Pierce and  Captain Forrest.
0) 167) dialog: I have not understood what you means.
0) 170) dialog: Because is not democrash? All peoples  created equal?
0) 172) dialog: I have great interest for America,  his peoples and his custom.
0) 174) text: He gives Ho-Jon two bottles. The boy looks at the labels.
0) 175) dialog: Gin. I know, yes. (reads other label) Dry... (has trouble with the  word) ...vermouth.
0) 189) dialog: Officer all sleep now, yes? And I go  wash clothes.
0) 193) text: Ho-Jon goes out. Duke and Hawkeye settle back to enjoy th drinks but they both come bolt upright when they see Fran drop to his knees by his cot and begin to intone the Lord Prayer.
0) 257) text: Ho-Jon appears in his line of vision, not hers.
0) 258) dialog: Captain Pierces...
0) 261) dialog: Finest kind. Captain Forrests say  you better haul ass home quick. We  got new chest-cutter in our tent.
0) 277) text: Ho-Jon goes to the table and takes a few ice cubes from a hospital ice-bag, puts them into the pitcher along with g and a dash of vermouth.
0) 280) text: Ho-Jon pours three water-glasses full of martini and star to distribute them.
0) 283) text: He reaches into his parka, comes up with a bottle of oliv takes one out and puts it into the martini Ho-Jon serves  him. Then, as Hawkeye and Duke gape at him, he offers the the bottle.
0) 363) dialog: (appearing in doorway) He's comin' this-a-way! The jaw- breaker!
0) 369) text: Ho-Jon serves drinks all around. There is a silence as ea of the hosts tries to think of a conversational opening.
0) 561) dialog: I don't get what you mean, native  bearers.
0) 563) dialog: It's the other word I'm not sure.
0) 566) dialog: And if I go to New York, the natives  there will carry me? I don't think  so.
0) 569) dialog: (smiling) That's okay. Live a little, learn a  little.
0) 648) text: INT. KOREAN ARMY INDUCTION CENTER – DAY The locale is established by the presence of military  personnel in uniform and the fact that a KOREAN ARMY DOCT with the aid of one assistant, is examining in quick  succession a long line of naked young Korean boys. Ho-Jon turn comes up and we see how perfunctory the process is: brief overall scrutiny for visible defects, a blood press reading, and the application of a stethoscope to a few ke spots. Ho-Jon looks healthy and the doctor is startled by the unexpected reaction he gets on applying the stethosco to the boy's heart. He turns to check the blood pressure  figure which his assistant is about to record on the form has taken from Ho-Jon. Apparently the pressure is just as out-of-line as the  heartbeat, and the doctor feels Ho-Jon is ineligible for  military service.
0) 921) text: Ho-Jon opens his eyes and smiles at the sight of his old  friends.
0) 923) dialog: I know. I got the best there is.  Captain Pierce and Captain...
0) 930) text: Radar reacts in surprise and looks toward Ho-Jon's cot.
1) 228) text: Ho-Jon opens his eyes, slowly reacting to the pressure of all the doctors.
1) 230) dialog: (with considerable  effort) I – wouldn't – wish – it – on – a –  maneating – shark.
1) 233) dialog: You – must – open – me – up – again?
1) 235) text: Duke's words are intentionally ambiguous, and when Ho-Jon looks from one doctor to another to find the real meaning them, they all try not to reveal it. But he knows.
1) 242) text: Ho-Jon's body is tossed into the back of the ambulance.  Trapper checks his cards and turns them over.