0) 0) text: CARTER CHAMBERS is a black mechanic in his late 50’s with a worn, but thoughtful demeanor. His job is beneath him and he’s known it for the last 30 years. He leans back against the El Camino he is working on.
0) 2) dialog: Tesla took his design to the richest man in town, mister J.P. Morgan.
0) 4) dialog: That’s right. Morgan was the major financier for Tesla’s primary rival, a fellow by the name of Tom Edison.
0) 6) dialog: Between them, Morgan and Edison controlled the entire power grid for New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and so on.
0) 8) dialog: They had “serious jing.” Which is why, when Tesla walked into Mr. Morgan's office and unveiled an invention designed to provide free, wireless electricity to the entire population of the planet - remember now, this is 1912 - Mister Morgan had no choice but to finance it immediately.
0) 10) dialog: Without hesitation.
0) 12) dialog: Invariably.
0) 14) dialog: A year later, Tesla invited Mr. Morgan out to Long Island, where he had nearly completed the first in a series of towers which would tap into the Earth and beam its energy through the air to a nearby receiver.
0) 18) dialog: Machiavellian? I agree.
0) 20) dialog: He became a pariah. No one dared cross Morgan. Nikola Tesla lived the rest of his life in isolation and died in poverty. The proverbial tree that falls without a sound.
0) 22) dialog: Most true stories are. Happy endings are for suckers. Carter lights a new cigarette as he answers the phone...
0) 23) dialog: This is Carter... Hey, how was the interview?... Oh... Well, there’s plenty of fish in the... Dr. Young? (MORE)
0) 25) dialog: That’s not possible. He removes the butt from between his lips as smoke dribbles from his mouth. He looks at the cigarette for a moment then drops it to the floor. ANGLE ON the cigarette butt, slowly burning itself out. In the b.g., Manny pulls himself out from under the car, staring up at Carter.
0) 26) dialog: Today? That’s no good, the team’s got their first scrimmage before... Yeah... No, I know. Okay... Yep. Okay.
0) 28) dialog: (hanging up the phone) Ah, it’s nothing, it’s just... He steps on the cigarette as he walks in a daze past Manny and out the door of the garage into the blinding day which fills the frame with its white light...
2) 0) text: Thomas barrels in, passing a curtained off area near the door, and drops the bags onto the empty bed next to the window. Opening the first suitcase, he sets up the room with practiced efficiency-- He plugs in a cell phone cradle and sets it on the bedside table along with a hi-tech alarm clock... Lines half a dozen shoes and slippers down the length of the bed... Unloads a stack of thick books on living with cancer, cancer treatment, cancer nutrition, new cancer protocols... Sets a laptop computer on the table, surrounding it neatly with pens, notepads and Post-Its... Places a massive, Royal Classic copper coffee siphon on the window sill, along with copper-lined cups and saucers and spoons and a dark wooden box covered in Arabic writing and Sumatran customs stickers... VOICES are heard in the hallway - a commotion coming closer. Thomas quickly removes a vase and flowers. He jogs through the separator curtain and into the bathroom where he fills the vase with water, completely missing the figure lying in the bed behind the curtain. 10. The noise in the hallway is reaching a fever pitch as Thomas emerges from the bathroom and nearly loses the vase as he sees Carter lying in the near bed.
2) 1) dialog: (eying the flowers) You shouldn’t have. He’s thin and drawn and hooked up to a network of tubes and even his eyelashes have fallen out exposing his sallow skin that’s dappled with angry chemo burns. There are flowers everywhere and the wall behind him is a collage of get well cards and photos of a girls soccer team.
2) 3) dialog: You know, fighting for my life... You? Just as the hallway brigade bursts into the room - seen in silhouette and through the gap in the curtains - as doctors and nurses and handlers hover over--
2) 18) dialog: Who the hell are you?
2) 20) dialog: That was the first I laid eyes on him. An inauspicious beginning to be sure, but most stories begin that way... It got worse before it got better.
3) 6) dialog: (without looking up) Who the hell is Mister Cole?
3) 8) dialog: (dismissive) Mmmm.
3) 14) dialog: No offense...
4) 9) dialog: Testicular cancer is almost unheard of for anyone over thirty, but then Edward always despised conformity.
5) 1) dialog: By the morning of the surgery it had spread so far throughout his body that the doctors gave him a five percent chance to live...but then they didn’t account for how pissed off they’d made him. PUSH INTO Edward’s inert face which, even under sedation, appears annoyed at the intrusion...
6) 14) dialog: Nah, I’m good all the way up to Stalin. Lays his hand on an impressive stack of books atop his bedside table, all concerning early 20th century Russia.
6) 15) dialog: Oh, Todd Phillips called. He was asking about the--
6) 18) dialog: That's right... Watch out for their front line, and their sweeper likes to take the ball up the field.
6) 20) dialog: You ladies are much better off without me. Coach Sanders knows ten times more about the game as I do.
6) 22) dialog: What is a blackberry?... What are lingonberries?... Who is Halle Berry?...
7) 0) text: Edward opens his eyes to see the television is turned on to Jeopardy. Carter is sitting up in bed, firing the answers back at the screen.
7) 2) dialog: Huh? Oh. (lowers the volume) Doc wanted you to wake up, said I shouldn’t pussyfoot. Just as Dr. Holcomb enters like a zephyr.
7) 9) dialog: Say, Doc. Do you think you could-
7) 11) dialog: (to Edward) Real Mother Theresa, that one. Edward tries to sit up but is held in place by the web of tubes running in and out of his body.
7) 12) dialog: I wouldn’t do that if I were you.
7) 15) dialog: What is the quadratic equation! (to Edward) Huh? Oh, in and out for the last few months.
7) 17) dialog: Which part?
7) 19) dialog: They say it’s different for everyone. Once you get used to the ‘round the clock vomiting and watching your veins turn black and the feeling that your bones are made of napalm, it’s not bad at all.
7) 21) dialog: Say, I been meaning to ask you, what the hell is that contraption over there? Points over to the high-tech coffee maker.
7) 23) dialog: I figured that much. What else it do?
7) 25) dialog: I‘1ll be damned... Did you know that coffee was originally discovered by a shepherd in Ethiopia? Edward just stares at him... Carter continues, as much for his own pleasure as for Edward's edification...
7) 26) dialog: His goats had been eating the cherries of an unfamiliar bush and soon became unmanageable, running and jumping all over creation. The shepherd chewed some of the leaves which gave him a strange vitality so he took some branches to the local monastery where the abbot decided to roast them. When the cherries started to burn, the beans inside produced such a pleasant aroma that they brewed them into a stew which eventually spread to Columbia, Asia, even Sumatra, like that hooch you got over there.
7) 28) dialog: I know what it is.
7) 30) dialog: (makes a face) Not even if I was dying of thirst in the Gobi desert.
7) 32) dialog: I’m more of an instant coffee man. Edward's I.V. tubes have become tangled in the call button. Carter rolls his eyes, but eases himself creakily out of bed and shuffles over to untangle them expertly.
7) 34) dialog: Twenty-six years. Used to work in this ward. 22.
7) 36) dialog: In a manner of speaking. Hands Edward the call button and shuffles back to his bed.
7) 38) dialog: You fired her, when this became “your” hospital.
8) 4) dialog: You sure you want to eat all that? He’s watching them through thin eyes as he works his way through his own I.V.
8) 7) dialog: Carter.
8) 9) dialog: Pass.
8) 11) dialog: Good enough to taste it twice? Thomas puts the plate in front of Edward who picks up a piece of fried artichoke...
8) 13) dialog: Revenge for what? Edward pops the artichoke in his mouth, grinning as he chews.
9) 0) text: As his sumptuous dinner hits the floor with the force of a hurricane. He’s moaning and spitting as he climbs out of bed and makes for the bathroom but his I.V. tubes jerk him back and he ends up on the floor where he unleashes another torrent. After a moment, he looks up to see Carter watching him evenly.
9) 2) dialog: You are. Winces as Edward vomits again.
10) 0) text: Edward is in bed and covered in sweat as he shivers uncontrollably. His eyebrows are gone and the first chemo burn blooms above his right eye. Carter is curled up in his own bed as he turns the last page of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin: A Poem by Mayakovsky then places it atop a stack of completed books on the floor.
11) 0) text: Carter stares up at the collage of photos and cards taped to the wall above his head. He removes a photograph of his daughter's soccer team. He’s seen standing proudly in the back row wearing a coach’s hat and a whistle around his neck. Edward groans in his sleep and wrestles with his sheets. The bandages have been removed from his head, which is now scarred and littered with uneven patches of stubble. Carter looks over at him until he settles.
12) 0) text: A new stack of books relating to The Civil War towers atop Carter’s bedside table as Nurse Shing removes an empty I.V. bottle from the stand.
12) 1) dialog: So, that’s the end of it?
12) 3) dialog: How long? 25.
12) 5) dialog: Thanks Phyllis. She heads out as he checks his watch.
12) 6) dialog: Mind if I turn this on? Edward is sitting up in bed, haggard but lucid as he types angrily on his laptop, sipping a cup of coffee. He waves his hand dismissively. Carter turns the television on to Jeopardy and becomes immediately engrossed...
12) 7) dialog: What is The Great Divide?... What is somnambulism?... Who was Warren Harding?...
12) 8) text: Edward pauses in his typing. Glances over at Carter...
12) 10) dialog: (shrugs modestly) I missed one last week. Edward studies him for a moment before turning back to his computer.
14) 0) text: Rachel sits on Carter’s bed. He’s elated at the news. 26.
14) 1) dialog: So who you playing in the championships?
14) 3) dialog: Oh.
14) 5) dialog: I’‘ll have to do some homework on ‘em. Edward shuffles out of the bathroom.
14) 20) dialog: ‘Gin-
15) 0) text: The copper coffee maker reflects a single light source in the otherwise darkened room. Edward stares at the machine from his bed, eyes lost in the gleaming metal. The reflection shifts and Edward rolls over to see Carter adjusting his reading light.
15) 2) dialog: Book on Robert Smalls.
15) 4) dialog: He was a conscripted slave aboard a Confederate steamship, The Planter. One night he and some of the crew smuggled their families aboard and stole it right out from under the rebels’ noses. He turned it over to the Union Navy who made him a captain. By the end of the war he’d risen to the rank of General and later became the second African-American to serve in Congress.
15) 6) dialog: (agreeing) Quite a life.
15) 8) dialog: You're joking.
15) 10) dialog: How’s that coming along? Make any yet?
15) 12) dialog: (dubious ) All your dreams fulfilled?
15) 14) dialog: Not exactly. We were practically kids ourselves when my first boy came alone. Young, broke and black, you take the first job they offer you. Thirty years goes by in a heartbeat.
15) 16) dialog: I love my children, if that’s what you mean.
15) 18) dialog: I made this in high school. Creative writing class. Some kind of exercise to get us to think about something besides chasing skirts. He slips out of bed and hands it across to Edward. 30.
15) 20) dialog: Hasn’t improved, I assure you.
15) 22) dialog: I was trying to be funny, I guess. It’s a list of things to do before I kick the bucket.
15) 24) dialog: I didn’t say it was realistic.
15) 26) dialog: (shrugs ) I was sixteen.
15) 28) dialog: (without looking) “Listen to the mountain and be heard.” That’s from my uncle. Second World War his squadron flew supplies through the Himalayas into China. Called them the Hump Pilots... Most non-combat casualties of any unit in Air Force history... You can honestly say you’ve accomplished everything you ever dreamed about?
15) 32) dialog: Money ain’t everything.
15) 34) dialog: What about your wife?
15) 36) dialog: There’s got to be something you haven’t done.
15) 38) dialog: (after a beat) Suit yourself. He gets back into bed and slips the list between the pages of his book. Edward watches him for a moment, then turns back to staring at the coffee maker.
16) 0) text: Carter hides behind the sports section of a local newspaper, highlighting pieces of an article on the Essex girls soccer team.
16) 13) dialog: Yeah?
16) 18) dialog: How long?
16) 20) dialog: Sure, Doc. Whatever you think.
16) 22) dialog: There was a survey once, a hundred people were asked, if they could, would they want to know in advance the day of their death. Out of the hundred, ninety-six of them said no. Carter closes his eyes as the music washes over him. CARTER (V.O.) (CONT’D) I never understood that. I always thought it would be liberating, knowing exactly how much time you had left to work with. A tear escapes onto his cheek and he looks over at Edward who is staring back at him over his shoulder. CARTER (V.O.) (CONT’D) So now I knew. Neither says a word and Edward finally turns back to the game. FADE OUT.
17) 0) text: CLOSE ON CARTER; fast asleep. A square of sunlight moves across his eyes until he opens them and squints into the white light. He rolls over, away from the window and face to-face with a single sheet of yellowed paper propped up against his tower of books. He pulls the paper close to his eyes and sees the title: “EDWARD'S BUCKET LIST.”
17) 1) dialog: I‘ll be damned. Just as Edward bustles out of the bathroom, arms filled with toiletries.
17) 3) dialog: ‘Time is it? Edward dumps the toiletries in his half-packed suitcase. 35.
17) 5) dialog: (re: the paper) So I see.
17) 7) dialog: (reading) A hot dog eating contest? “Kiss the most beautiful woman in the world?” How you figure on doing that?
17) 9) dialog: Don’t take this the wrong way, but these are a little...shallow?
17) 11) dialog: None, actually... I think you misunderstood-
17) 16) dialog: What did you-- You had no right--
17) 21) dialog: You don’t seriously think-- I was being metaphorical, you know, taking stock, trying to understand something about--
17) 23) dialog: To make a fool of myself?
17) 25) dialog: You think it’s bullshit?
18) 0) text: Empty save for a slow-moving nurse or two until Edward bursts out of the room with a full head of steam followed by Thomas, once again laden with luggage, and Carter who carries a small bag and an armful of books. Edward makes for the elevators as Carter struggles to catch up to him.
18) 1) dialog: What about my family?
18) 3) dialog: I can’t just abandon them.
18) 5) dialog: No, I just--
18) 17) dialog: (to Nurse Shing) Tell my wife-- He’s cut off as the doors close.
19) 2) dialog: I can’t go to Africa.
19) 4) dialog: It’s not that. It’s-- I’ve never been on an airplane.
19) 6) dialog: (stopping at the door) No. I’m not.
19) 8) dialog: And so it began... As the big limo roars away, the sound of which becomes...
19) 11) dialog: 
19) 12) text: Edward is electrified with nervous energy while Carter looks like he'd rather be anywhere else.
19) 14) dialog: No.
19) 16) dialog: I want to go back... I’m serious, have your man-- Where is he? (looking around) Have him take me back to the hospital.
19) 18) dialog: (grabbing him) No you forget it. This isn’t rational.
19) 20) dialog: No! Edward starts unbuttoning his shirt.
20) 0) text: As the Yankee outfielders jog out to their positions. The crowd suddenly ROARS as the left fielder passes a naked man who is jogging and waving across the grass. Carter holds Edward's clothes, staring in disbelief as Edward takes a victory lap towards right field.
20) 1) dialog: Oh lord. 41. Stadium security guards hustle out after Edward, forcing him to veer towards deep center field. The crowd boos, as it appears they have him trapped, until he throws a fake on one of his pursuers who trips in the grass much to the crowd's delight. Edward's headed back into left but the NYPD has joined the chase and they’re closing in fast. Edward tries another fake, but he’s tackled by a burly police officer who brings him to the ground. A second officer helps bring Edward’s arms behind his back when something suddenly knocks him off his feet and into his fellow officer. INT. CARTER’S HOUSE - NIGHT Rachel does her homework while Roger studies for the L- SATS. The ball game is turned down low on the television. Rachel is stuck on a particularly heinous geometry equation when her brother starts smacking her arm.
21) 0) text: Edward streaks after Carter, whooping and hollering. Carter is actually beginning to enjoy himself until he pulls up short. Edward comes to a stop next to him.
21) 1) dialog: Oh crap. They turn and run for the stands followed closely by SEVERAL DOZEN security and police officers
24) 0) text: Virginia wipes tears from her face as she walks resolutely to her car. Carter follows her, watching Edward as Thomas helps him to the limo.
24) 2) dialog: I can't. She opens the driver’s side door. Carter stops on the passenger's side.
24) 4) dialog: Gin’, you don’t understand. He sees Edward waiting at the limo door, watching Carter.
24) 7) dialog: Given up?! I’ve spent my life giving up everything to this family. Thirty years greased up under the hood of a car to see that they didn’t want for nothing! And they didn’t, ‘Gin... I gave up every last one of my ambitions and I wouldn’t take any of it back, but if I am gonna die, I'd like to go out with some idea of who I could have been...of who I am.
24) 9) dialog: I know it. I just wish I knew what that meant anymore... He turns and walks over to the limo. He takes a last look at his incredulous wife then climbs inside.
26) 0) text: CLOSE ON CARTER; wearing a helmet and struggling with the top of a child-proof prescription pill bottle.
26) 2) dialog: No, I got it... (to no avail) Dammit! Throws the bottle to the floor. It rolls towards the cockpit where Edward is seen from the back, talking with the pilots.
26) 3) dialog: (about all of it) Fool... So foolish...
26) 5) dialog: How do you suggest we do that? Kyle stands suddenly - he’s huge, about 6’5” and Carter is bound to his torso via a series of nylon jump straps. As his feet dangle, Carter pitches forward until his upper-body is almost horizontal while his hips are still vertically strapped to Kyle. Kyle duck-walks the suspended Carter over to the prescription bottle. Carter extends his arms down but the bottle rolls out of his grasp and into Edward’s outstretched hand. Carter looks up at him. Edward appears as if he hasn’t touched a razor in days.
26) 6) dialog: Not a word. (grabs the bottle) Back to the chair, Kyle. Kyle waddles back to the chair. Carter almost hits his head on the fuselage.
26) 9) dialog: Some things are not up for discussion.
26) 13) dialog: The Sequel?
26) 15) dialog: (sarcastic) I can’t imagine why.
26) 17) dialog: Thank you, Kyle.
26) 21) dialog: (terrified) Could you shut up?!
26) 23) dialog: I can’t do this. 47.
26) 26) dialog: I can’t do this! He screams as Kyle jumps and they disappear out the door. Edward watches them fall away then dons his goggles...
27) 0) text: As they leap from the plane, free-falling into the ether. Everything goes quiet save for the flapping of their jump suits. The Co-Pilot dives towards Kyle and Carter, whose scream grows louder as they approach, and lock hands so that Carter and Edward are once again face to face.
27) 4) dialog: No!
28) 0) text: The furious, muffled swearing of the Co-pilot is heard from within the building as Edward and Carter walk towards the limo. Edward has taken out The Bucket List. With the red pen he crosses off “Jump out of a perfectly good airplane” just below “Streak Yankee Stadium,” both on his side of the list.
28) 2) dialog: (horrible) Terrific.
29) 0) text: It's the annual Nathans Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest. Participants and onlookers mill beneath a striped tent. Edward wears a contestant’s badge. Carter watches as Thomas massages Edward’s shoulders.
29) 4) dialog: I’m quite sure I’m out of my league on this one.
29) 6) dialog: We'll see. A whistle sounds and Edward joins the other contestants behind a dozen long tables laid out end to end. Before each contestant is a tray of dozens of hot dogs in buns. Edward looks over at the tiny FEMALE KOREAN CONTESTANT standing next to him. Tries to stare her down. Carter and Thomas watch from the crowd..
29) 7) dialog: Your boss, he’s not all there, is he? 50.
30) 0) text: Edward lags behind Carter and Thomas as they head back to the car. Edward is griping over the outcome...
31) 0) text: He and Carter are staring at a wall of tacky tattoo art.
31) 2) dialog: I didn’t know you were from the south.
31) 4) dialog: (not into it) I can’t think of anything meaningful.
31) 7) dialog: Nah, I think I’m gonna--
31) 9) dialog: Tattoos and hot dogs aren’t exactly what I had in mind.
31) 11) dialog: Fun is fine. I have no problem with fun, I just imagined there'd be more behind this than pretending we’re nine year- old's again. 52.
31) 13) dialog: That’s a wonderful argument.
32) 0) text: Edward winces in pain as the Tattoo Artist inks his shoulder blade. Carter’s reading one of his books.
32) 2) dialog: That's not the point.
32) 8) dialog: I’m going to call Virginia. 53. The Tattoo Artist grunts in response and plunges the needle into Edward’s back. He grits his teeth, containing the scream. Carter can’t help but smile a little as he dials the phone.
33) 2) dialog: Old? Both are dressed in racing suits.
33) 5) dialog: Not where you’re concerned, no.
33) 7) dialog: Ready for an ass-whuppin’? Edward replaces the bandage and zips his suit up. His burgeoning facial hair has been shaved into giant Elvis chops.
33) 10) dialog: I’m having dinner at home tonight.
34) 0) text: Carter climbs into the car. Checks the gauges as he runs his hand along the beautifully refurbished dash.
34) 1) dialog: Now this is more like it.
34) 3) dialog: You sure we’re cleared for this? The Lamborghini comes to life, whining like an aircraft engine.
34) 5) dialog: You're in my world now. See you at dinner.
36) 3) dialog: It's a racing set up. Steer with the throttle.
36) 6) dialog: It’s a nod in the right direction. The Mustang jumps ahead, cuts the Lamborghini off. 56.
36) 8) dialog: I’m sure you'll enlighten me. The Lamborghini cuts around and pulls even again.
36) 10) dialog: Come again?
36) 12) dialog: And live to fight another day. Maybe he’s got a mortgage, and tuition payments, and-
36) 14) dialog: Not everyone can afford to play.
36) 16) dialog: Jesus! (regains control of the car) Why on earth would anybody be afraid to win?
36) 18) dialog: You want to talk about-- You’re the most fearful person I’ve ever known. God forbid you ever open the door a crack and give up even the smallest ounce of control.
36) 20) dialog: Alone, bitter and scared of anything with a hint of emotional consequence.
36) 22) dialog: Ah, screw it. ON THE TRACK; the Mustang revs and roars alongside of the Lamborghini before slamming into its side. The Mustang pulls away then smashes into the car again. Both cars careen off the track, punching through a chain link fence then out into the outer parking lot. LONG SHOT; as the two cars play demolition derby in the empty lot, colliding towards us until they roar past and slam through the striped security gates and out onto the open road.
37) 2) dialog: We're sitting at the table, aren’t we? SIRENS BLARE as a police car appears behind them. 58.
37) 3) dialog: Oh, Jesus.
37) 5) dialog: Are we really what? As the Lamborghini suddenly guns ahead, red-lining down the highway.
37) 6) dialog: He really is crazy. The Mustang roars after it. The police car loses ground quickly.
38) 0) text: As Thomas emerges followed by Edward and Carter. Thomas carries the police paperwork. Edward's marking up the list.
38) 1) dialog: That’s a serious fine.
38) 3) dialog: Better believe your tab.
38) 5) dialog: I’m not the crazy one. EXT. CARTER’S HOUSE - NIGHT A small but comfortable-looking low-income brick face. A couple of street kids stare as the limo pulls up out front. 59.
39) 0) text: Carter reaches for the door. Edward is sprawled out across the opposite seat watching the Yankee game.
39) 1) dialog: Sure you two don’t want some roast?
39) 3) dialog: Suit yourself. ‘Night Thomas. Thomas waves from the front as Carter climbs out and closes the door behind him.
42) 0) text: Edward emerges through double stained-glass doors into the marble foyer just as the elevator doors open revealing Carter, Virginia and their kids.
42) 3) dialog: Loser buys dinner... Grab this, will ya? Lays an enormous platter of mashed potatoes into Edward's arms. The rest of the family doesn’t move. 61.
42) 4) dialog: Well, come on. Turkey ain’t gonna carve itself now. The family shuffles out reluctantly. The boys bid Edward hello, but Virginia says nothing. Clearly, she’s been out voted.
43) 9) text: A HI-TECH RECORD PLAYER; as Edward lays a platter down on the turntable and drops the needle. Louis Armstrong's Autumn in New York plays over the following SERIES: -- IN THE DINING ROOM; Rachel organizes the place settings. Fork and spoon on the left, knife on the right. Opposite her, Edward tries to mirror the layout. Gets it right the second time. -- Carter sits with eyes closed and hands pressed together, saying grace. Edward watches him, eyes flicking around the table to see the rest of the family have their eyes closed. -- JUMP CUTS as Carter hands Edward the carving knife; Edward attacks the meat while the others look on; Virginia watches as her perfect roast is hacked to pieces; a blockish chunk lands on Lee’s plate. -- Edward is a wallflower as the family tucks into the meal, passing steaming dishes back and forth through a lively discussion. -- Edward’s on his second plate. He’s talking now, telling a story that has Virginia mildly on edge. The kids seem to love it, except Rachel who makes eyes at him. Edward returns the look until she points to her closed mouth. He gets the picture and snaps his mouth shut, swallowing his food before continuing. -- Carter stares glumly at the tiny slice of apple pie sitting on his plate. Virginia is marking the size of Edward's slice with a pie cutter. Edward motions for a bigger piece. Virginia moves the cutter. Edward’s still not satisfied. She moves it again. -- IN THE KITCHEN; Edward coaxes a steaming cup of coffee from the copper siphon. He puts it on a saucer and carefully offers it to Virginia who has a chain-gang of dishes going at the sink with Carter and the boys. She allows a thin smile as she moves to accept the coffee, then notices Carter behind Edward, shaking his head not to take it. She looks back at Edward and politely demurs. -- IN THE LIBRARY; Edward waits for the last bars of the song to end before lifting the needle and carefully sliding the record back into it’s sleeve.
44) 0) text: Carter enters ahead of Edward. He whistles at the sumptuous cabin.
44) 1) dialog: Now this is what I’m talking about.
44) 3) dialog: It'd have to be. How much money do you have, anyway?
44) 5) dialog: How much is enough?
44) 7) dialog: I never knew anyone with enough money to ask.
46) 0) text: Carter accepts a frozen daiquiri from the STEWARD.
46) 1) dialog: Thank you. (to Edward) I could get used to this. Edward nods. He’s pensive.
46) 3) dialog: Come again?
46) 5) dialog: ‘Ginia got to you, didn’t she?
46) 7) dialog: Why do you think I’m doing this?
46) 9) dialog: (shakes his head; a beat) At first, you tell yourself it’s a rut; just part of the ups and downs of marriage. You figure the pendulum will swing back the other way like it always has before and everything will be right again... A year goes by, then another and soon you’ve been sleeping only on your side of the bed so long you forget how to reach across and bring her into your arms. You forget why you could never walk down the sidewalk without holding her hand or what it was about her smile that stirred you. She’s the same girl I fell in love with at seventeen. Nothing's changed, but everything’s different. Then I realized, it’s me. (MORE)
46) 11) dialog: I lost something along the way and I aim to find it... Sometimes you have to take the long way home. Edward nods slowly.
46) 12) dialog: Tell me about the island?
46) 14) dialog: Completely deserted?
46) 16) dialog: We can’t “live on a deserted island” if it’s not deserted.
48) 0) text: Edward and Carter walk from the trees out onto the sugary beach surveying the reef and gently lapping waves.
48) 1) dialog: Wow.
48) 3) dialog: Think we can still call the plane back?
49) 0) text: A WAITER passes with a tray supporting an enormous bowl of caviar which he deposits in the center of a table where Edward sits with Carter and Rachel. All are dressed for the occasion and Edward now sports a freshly waxed pencil-thin moustache.
49) 3) dialog: Would you look at that?
49) 5) dialog: (heaping it onto toast) In Iran they call it Aswad Thahab, Black Gold.
49) 8) dialog: Got any good jokes?
49) 10) dialog: What’s seven? 68.
49) 12) dialog: (to Edward) Like most people, I guess. Take some kind of test and then--
49) 18) dialog: More for me then.
49) 22) dialog: You have a daughter? 69. His grave surprise brings the laughter to a halt. Edward’s suddenly uncomfortable.
49) 24) dialog: Why on earth not?
49) 28) dialog: When was the last time you saw her?
49) 30) dialog: Answer me. Edward just shakes his head. Carter grabs the list and the pen and adds “#11” to the bottom of Edward’s ten tasks.
49) 31) dialog: (writing) Get back in touch--
49) 33) dialog: Why?
49) 35) dialog: Not this. This is too important.
49) 37) dialog: I don’t have to. I know when something's more important than flinging yourself off an airplane or running around with cattle... (looks at Rachel) She’s your-- Some things are more important... I’1l be right back. Takes a last bite of caviar and heads to the bathroom.
49) 50) dialog: I was trying to wash it off. He’s sprawled out underneath the sinks. Edward rushes to him and pulls him out.
49) 51) dialog: It's my only suit. It’s covered in blood, running from his mouth.
50) 0) text: As Edward and the waiter help Carter through the dining room.
50) 1) dialog: Hold on. I need to...just for a second. They stop by the ice sculpture allowing Carter to lean on the table. Edward notices everyone staring at the blood on Carter’s suit, whispering to each other, doing little to hide their distaste.
50) 3) dialog: (weakly) Edward. Edward loops his head under Carter’s arm and resumes their way towards the door.
50) 6) dialog: ...-draw their fullbacks to the ball leaving the left side open for you to slip behind them as long as you watch the off-sides.
50) 8) dialog: Worked against Brazil last year. Just enjoy yourself. Win or lose, that’s the most important thing.
50) 10) dialog: Good point. (kissing Rachel) Good luck, baby. She jogs out, her cleats clacking on the stairs.
50) 12) dialog: It was just an ulcer. It’s spread to my stomach so-- It’s expected. 73.
50) 14) dialog: Holcomb said I should rest. I’m not supposed to get excited.
50) 16) dialog: You've never seen me coach.
51) 0) text: The game is well underway as Edward and Carter skulk behind the back row of onlookers on the field.
51) 2) dialog: ‘Ginia’s here. I don’t want her to--
51) 4) dialog: Gotta get me a bigger dog house. May as well go up front.
52) 0) text: It’s late in the second half and the mid-field scorer’s table shows zero-zero. Carter and Edward stand right next to it.
52) 1) dialog: (shouting) Pass it, pass it, pass the...oh come on ref! That’s a penalty! As the Essex team steals the ball and drives it up field. 74.
52) 3) dialog: I’m exhilarated. There’s a difference.
52) 5) dialog: (half-listening) Yeah?
52) 7) dialog: Really?
52) 9) dialog: Which festival? As Rachel steals the ball and passes to a teammate.
52) 10) dialog: (shouting) That’s what I’m talking about!
52) 12) dialog: Which one’s that? Nice pass!
52) 14) dialog: They’re drawing the fullbacks. 75.
52) 16) dialog: Shut up for a second. Rachel turns on the speed and streaks into enemy territory.
52) 17) dialog: She’s open. She’s open. She’s-- As the ball loops over the fullbacks’ heads towards the goal. Rachel controls it then shoots...just out of the goalie’s reach and into the net. The crowd goes ballistic. None more than Carter who leaps into the air, screaming his head off...
52) 18) dialog: Now I’m excited! The scorer sounds an air horn and the game is over. The players converge on Rachel, tackling her in mid-field. Carter looks up at Virginia who is hopping like mad in the bleachers. They share a look. He’s out of the dog house for the moment.
52) 19) dialog: (to Edward) Taking that macked-out plane of yours?
52) 21) dialog: Business class?
52) 23) dialog: Hope you got another ticket then, ‘cause-- Stops as he sees Edward holding up a pair of first class plane tickets. Carter smiles. 76. Suddenly he’s hit from behind by a flood of ponytails. Joined by their current coach, the entire team surrounds him as they hop up and down with glee. He lifts Rachel off the ground and hugs her for all he’s worth.
52) 26) dialog: Thanks, baby. I’m just about there.
52) 29) dialog: ‘Bout a month, I guess. It’s an open ticket so-- You take care of your mother for me.
52) 31) dialog: I guess you’ve been the man of the house for a while now. I’m so proud of you son.
52) 33) dialog: (pause) I understand.
52) 35) dialog: Don‘t ever use that tone with me, boy! (a beat; he’s never raised his voice like this) I know you can’t understand why I have to do this...but I do. I have to do it and I'm begging you to respect that. I’ve never asked anything of you son, and if you tell me that it won’t be okay and you won't be able to watch over them for me...then I’ll stay and we’ll never talk about it again. He hands Roger the bag of pills. Roger is unsure what to do. He looks at Rachel who nods slowly. Roger bows his head and wipes his eyes...then he holds the bag out to his father.
52) 37) dialog: Not this trip. He ignores the bag and wraps his arms around his son.
52) 38) dialog: I love you, son. I love you so much. Rachel finishes folding his shirt and lays it gently into the suitcase.
53) 0) text: Pulling away. Carter watches through the back window as his children see him go.
53) 2) dialog: And I thought cancer was hard... Man, what the hell is that thing on your head?
55) 0) text: Running with the crowd now as dozens pass until we find Edward and Carter whooping and hollering in the heart of the push. They’re having the time of their lives until Edward trips and falls. Carter turns back for him just as he sees the bulls roiling towards them.
55) 1) dialog: You okay? The bulls are closing fast.
55) 2) dialog: Give me your hands!
55) 5) dialog: Yeah. You were a goner for sure. Edward stands and tests his legs. 79.
55) 7) dialog: Come on. Loops Edward's arm around his neck and the two shuffle off after the departed bulls.
55) 9) dialog: Hey, Eddie.
55) 11) dialog: Do me a favor. Once we get to the hotel, and you're back, all comfortable in the room, take a second and go fuck yourself.
56) 0) text: Where Carter sits at the end of a long table. His eyes are wide as he stares in dumb wonder. The CAMERA TRACKS down the table to reveal his dinner companions: PAUL MCCARTNEY, MOHAMMAD ALI, LUCIANO PAVAROTTI, and ELIZABETH TAYLOR all engaged in a lively discussion. Edward sits at the far end, chatting with PRINCE WILLIAM. He shares a look with Carter who is unable to organize himself until a mechanical voice interrupts--
57) 0) text: Carter closes the door to Mohammad Ali’s car then steps back on the curb next to Edward. Both are still starstruck.
57) 1) dialog: Well, that was...
57) 3) dialog: One question?
57) 5) dialog: How much that one cost you?
58) 0) text: Bathed red in the first ray of the morning sun. Edward and Carter sit atop an ancient wall, taking in the endless expanse of desert below, though Carter’s eyes are closed. Edward has the list out. Crosses off “See the Pyramids.”
58) 2) dialog: Yeah?
58) 4) dialog: (eyes still closed) Listening.
58) 8) dialog: You haven't seen the mountain yet.
58) 10) dialog: The ancient Egyptians had a beautiful belief about death... When their souls reached the entrance to heaven, the gods would ask them two questions. Their answers determined if they were admitted or not.
58) 12) dialog: Have you found joy in your life? Edward realizes that Carter has opened his eyes and is looking directly at him.
58) 15) dialog: It’s a simple question. Have you found joy in your life?
58) 17) dialog: When?
58) 19) dialog: Has your life brought joy to others? 82.
58) 21) dialog: Is it?
58) 23) dialog: For me or for you?
58) 25) dialog: I’m more grateful than you’1ll ever know. I didn't know you before, but now you’re my friend and if I had the means there's nothing I wouldn’t do for you if asked.
58) 27) dialog: The question still stands. Edward walks several paces away, hands in his pockets. Several moments pass...
58) 30) dialog: What did you do?
58) 32) dialog: I don’t understand.
58) 34) dialog: And Emily?
58) 38) dialog: Happy endings are for suckers.
58) 40) dialog: Come on.
58) 42) dialog: I got an addition to the list. They begin to climb down the stepped wall and WE PULL BACK to reveal that they have been sitting atop the peak of the Great Pyramid of Khufu this entire time.
59) 0) text: Edward follows Carter through the perfume section. Both are drinking cans of Coke as they pass wealthy, westernized Egyptians and tourists.
59) 2) dialog: Don’t know. Don’t wanna know.
59) 4) dialog: My brother pulled this once at Macy’s. Got him grounded for a week. I never had the guts... There. He makes for the elevators as a crowd shuffles inside. 85.
60) 0) text: Nearly full. Edward and Carter stand against the back wall.
60) 2) dialog: Next floor.
60) 4) dialog: It really isn’t. He smiles wickedly. The elevator doors open and more shoppers wedge themselves into the packed elevator. Edward and Carter are pressed into the wall.
60) 6) dialog: Loser buys dinner. They both scrunch up their faces with effort. Carter’s teeth are gritted together until he suddenly burps drawing a look from the woman next to him.
60) 7) dialog: Beg your pardon. The woman looks away. Edward’s fingertips are white as he presses his hands against the wall. Suddenly, the elevator is filled with the sound of--
61) 0) text: As the elevator doors open and the passengers erupt outward, pinching their noses, waving their hands and twittering angrily until the elevator is empty save for Carter and Edward who are on the floor in spasms of laughter until the doors close on them.
62) 1) dialog: (waving his hand) Oh man that’s-- What did we just eat? 86. They break up again.
63) 0) text: Edward is asleep then suddenly chuckles in his dream. Carter looks over, smiling knowingly before laying a postcard of the pyramids on his seat-back table. Starts to write.
63) 1) dialog: Dear Chambers Family... We’re on our way to India now. He thinks a moment before looking out the window at the sun painted table of clouds below and the endless blue above. CARTER (V.O.) (CONT’D) I can’t tell you how much I miss you all. This is a gift that you’ve given me and everything I’ve seen and done has been through your eyes and with you in my heart. I’m taking all my pills and I honestly haven’t felt this good in years. I hope you’re well and looking after your mother... “I love you” doesn’t come close... Dad. He replaces the cap on the pen and leans his head back on the seat. Edward suddenly laughs out loud and Carter can’t help but chuckle as he closes his eyes to sleep.
64) 1) dialog: The empress was the beloved wife of Shah Jehan, the fifth mughal emperor.
65) 0) text: Carter and Edward walk past murals depicting the history of the monument. 87.
65) 1) dialog: And though it was an arranged marriage, they were deeply in love and were inseparable until she died giving birth to their fourteenth child.
65) 3) dialog: They didn’t write the Kama Sutra for nothing... It took twenty-thousand volunteers twenty-two years to complete the structure in sixteen forty-eight. Every square foot designed by Shah Jehan himself. They stop at a tile mural of the empress.
65) 5) dialog: Yeah. Edward reads Carter’s thoughts and quietly walks away leaving Carter to stare up at the mural.
66) 0) text: Edward and Carter walk along the promenade beside the reflecting pools.
66) 2) dialog: Because they’re monuments. That’s what they’re for.
66) 4) dialog: You're losing your grip, aren't you? 88.
66) 6) dialog: That where you want to end up?
66) 8) dialog: I got it in my will. Want myself cremated and my ashes put in a can which they’1l bury somewhere with a view.
66) 10) dialog: (shakes his head) I never liked the sound of it. “Urn.” Nope, an old can of Chock Full 0’ Nuts do me just fine.
66) 12) dialog: Yup. Better coffee your money can’t buy.
66) 14) dialog: Ah yes, Kopi Luwak. You really dig that stuff, don’t you?
66) 16) dialog: Much too fancy for my taste. Simple pleasures my man, simple pleasures. 89.
68) 0) text: Thomas stands with a disapproving look on his face as a guard leads Edward and Carter out of the cell. They’re dressed in filthy prison smocks with several weeks facial growth.
69) 0) text: Thomas waits with a towel while Edward showers. Carter is seen through the doorway, talking to his family on the phone in the living room. He’s yet to shower.
70) 0) text: Where Carter is just getting off the phone with his family.
70) 1) dialog: We're flying to Tibet tonight then next stop home. Alright. I will... Alright... Goodbye. Hangs up the phone leaving the receiver smeared with grime. Thomas grabs a tissue and starts wiping it.
70) 3) dialog: (nods ) My wife wants me tested for syphilis. She’1l be sticking needles in me for days when I get back.
70) 5) dialog: I can’t explain it. I was telling Virginia. I feel...
70) 7) dialog: Young.
70) 9) dialog: They can say what they want, just so long as he gets out of that shower soon. (MORE)
70) 11) dialog: Say, let me ask you something Thomas. Is it Thomas or Tommy?
71) 5) dialog: Ever think about flying coach back to the States. You know, save some for a rainy day.
71) 7) dialog: Thank the lord. Runs into the bathroom peeling his shirt off.
72) 0) text: Where Edward and Carter take in the vista of hills rolling to the distant base of an impossibly enormous range of snow-covered mountains. 93.
72) 2) dialog: That’s nothing. Twelve thousand tops.
72) 4) dialog: We're only going to base camp, but the peak’s about twenty nine thousand feet. Edward whistles.
72) 6) dialog: Hmmm?
72) 8) dialog: The hump pilots. Well, first off you had the Jap zeros which could ambush you from anywhere as you flew through the valleys. That was the easy part... When the weather came in, which was always, they couldn’t choke off the supply runs, so they flew in the soup... Sonar was all they had back then. They used to try to ping off the mountains to plot their course between ‘em. Sometimes it worked... Sixty years and they’re still finding wreckage up there.
72) 10) dialog: Two years on the hump. Not a scratch on him.
72) 12) dialog: Maybe... When the storms rolled in and he couldn’t see an inch past the windshield, he used to close his eyes and focus until he couldn't hear the copilot or even the engines. He’d focus until everything fell away except the mountains passing on either side. He could hear them and, ‘til the day he passed, he swore they could hear him in return.
72) 14) dialog: I asked him once. Near as he could figure- “Voice of god,” he said.
72) 16) dialog: It's called reading. You should try it someday... Here, you can start with this. Slams a book in Edward's chest, Gandhi an Autobiography: The Story of My Experiments With Truth.
72) 23) dialog: They expect it to clear?
72) 25) dialog: (disappointed) Next trip, huh? They know full well the remoteness of that possibility.
72) 27) dialog: I guess it’s home then.
72) 29) dialog: The climbing season’s almost--
73) 0) text: Spewing enormous plumes of ash and lava into the night sky while rivers of molten rock stream from the crater. Carter, Edward, and Thomas stand atop a neighboring peak. Their faces hang in awe in the light of the eruption.
74) 0) text: Driving through the suburbs of New Jersey. Edward and Carter sit side by side in the back. Taking measure of what they’ve accomplished.
74) 1) dialog: Thank you. Really.
76) 2) dialog: He kept tabs on her in case you ever wanted to-- 97.
76) 4) dialog: No, it was mine. Took the whole flight to talk him into it.
76) 6) dialog: Name it. Edward opens the door and climbs out of the car and walks briskly away from the house. Carter watches him go...
76) 7) dialog: (softly) Go fuck myself.
77) 0) text: Edward walks briskly through pools of light from the street lamps. The limo pulls up and Carter jumps out.
77) 1) dialog: This is what you want?
77) 3) dialog: You're right, I didn’t. But she’s still there. Maybe you took the long way home but this is the road’s end.
77) 5) dialog: What are you so afraid of?
77) 9) dialog: It’s a start.
77) 11) dialog: You just--
77) 13) dialog: Everyone’s afraid to die alone.
77) 15) dialog: Then you're kidding yourself.
77) 17) dialog: What’s that supposed--
77) 19) dialog: Knows what?
77) 21) dialog: Don’t you dare--
77) 23) dialog: You have no idea what I feel.
77) 30) dialog: Happy second honeymoon. 101. They kiss. His hands move to her hips under the covers.
77) 32) dialog: Do I want to know?
77) 34) dialog: I love you, ‘Gin.
77) 36) dialog: It wasn’t that I ever stopped loving you so much as I forgot the reasons you loved me. (she touches his face) Remember that night, when I took you to the Bowl-O-Rama over on fourteenth street?
77) 38) dialog: And you wore a blue dress with little bows down the back.
77) 40) dialog: I was so out of my league. I remember thinking, “What’s a girl looks like this doing slumming with a kid who's best shirt got a stain on the front?”
77) 42) dialog: I’ve never been worthy of you. 102.
77) 45) dialog: Don’t be long now. She goes into the bathroom and closes the door halfway. We see her feet stepping out of her pajamas and into something black and lacy. When the door opens her hair is down and spilling over her shoulders and a thin, satin negligee.
80) 0) text: Where Carter is back in bed covered in tubes. Virginia lies with Rachel on the bed next to him. Rachel is asleep.
80) 6) dialog: --she’s never listened to me before, why let a coupl’a tumors get in the way. Edward sits down on the side of his bed. 105.
80) 7) dialog: What’s with all the hair?
80) 9) dialog: Food still sucks.
80) 11) dialog: I wouldn’t, I hear he’s a prick.
80) 14) dialog: It isn’t finished.
80) 16) dialog: It's going to have to be. Edward scans the remaining items. Stops on one of them.
82) 0) text: Edward enters just as Carter is standing out of bed with help from Virginia.
82) 3) dialog: I can dress my own damn self. Where we going?
83) 0) text: The limo doors open and Thomas emerges along with Edward, Holcomb and the entire Chambers family. Carter is weak but shuffles along towards the waiting Gulfstream.
83) 2) dialog: I'll step it up when you tell me where we're going.
83) 5) dialog: Boy, put me down. Whose side are you on!
84) 0) text: Zipping between large warehouses. Carter sits in the back with Virginia. He’s blindfolded and bitching and wearing a new suit. Edward’s in the front next to the driver. The golf cart pulls to a stop next to a warehouse door. Virginia helps Carter out while Edward gets the door.
85) 0) text: The doorway is curtained off with thick, sound-eating drapes. Virginia leads Carter inside. 108.
85) 1) dialog: You're enjoying this, aren’t you? Muffled clapping is heard from the other side of the curtains. A man in a BASEBALL CAP pushes through an opening.
85) 3) dialog: Who the hell’s he talking to?
86) 2) dialog: How in the world did you--?
86) 5) dialog: But that’s all you had--
86) 8) dialog: You son of a bitch. 109. He straightens his tie and walks purposefully towards his podium. Roger, Lee and Rachel cheer him on from the stands as he nervously takes his place.
87) 6) dialog: The Mad Hatter.
87) 13) dialog: Who is King George?
87) 15) dialog: Who is “Mad” King George the third.
87) 18) dialog: I’1l take Mad Men for four-hundred, Alex. A SERIES OF CUTS; as Carter begins to run the board. His answers are quick and on the mark. The other contestants get an answer here and there but the game is clearly Carter’s to win. Roger, Lee and Rachel continue to cheer him on. Virginia's grip on Edward’s arm grows tighter and tighter until he winces.
89) 0) text: Carter’s POV as Virginia stares down at him.
89) 2) dialog: (dazed) Wha- Where time is it? His face is paralyzed on one side. His head is shaved and heavily marked with surgery markers.
89) 4) dialog: Where’s Alex?
89) 8) dialog: Okay.
89) 10) dialog: Wait. (to Virginia) My bag. She reaches for his overnight bag. 113.
89) 11) dialog: Can you-- She opens it for him. He reaches inside and pulls out a sealed envelope and a folded slip of paper.
89) 12) dialog: Got any of that coffee left?
89) 14) dialog: (smiles) Not if I was dying of thirst in the desert... Wanna know why?
89) 16) dialog: Read.
89) 18) dialog: Cats beat me to it. He bursts into weak laughter. Edward stares for a moment then starts to chuckle himself. Soon both men are laughing until tears stream down their cheeks. As he laughs, Edward's tears become gradually laced with grief as he hold’s Carter's wrist.
89) 19) dialog: Still have the list? 114.
89) 21) dialog: There's a difference between dying alone and living like you're already dead... Finish the list, Edward. He places the envelope atop the list.
89) 22) dialog: Go home.
91) 3) dialog: Forever’s just getting started. Her hand slips out of his as he’s wheeled out of the room. 115.
93) 0) text: Carter lies unconscious with a tube in his mouth as the surgeons do their work. In contrast to Edward, he looks completely at peace.
93) 1) dialog: Dear Edward. It’s turning cold out here in Newark and the trees are like skeletons beneath the lamp posts. Winter’s almost upon us and despite what the doctors tell me, I know it will be my last.
94) 0) text: Seen from the Hudson, the mandala of lights reflect like jewels in the water. Carter sits on the edge of a pier taking in the view...
94) 1) dialog: You know how I love to tell stories so if you can spare a few minutes I think I’ve got a good one for you... He returns to the letter in his lap, and resumes writing...
94) 2) dialog: There was an old farmer spent his life working the earth to give his family all the cares and comforts he’d never had.
95) 0) text: Edward reads the words as Carter speaks them. 116.
95) 1) dialog: One day the farmer fell sick and he called his sons to his bedside where he took up a bundle of sticks and said to his eldest son, "Show me that you can break it.” The son strained and strained, but with all his efforts was unable to break the bundle. Edward finishes the letter and wipes the tears from his cheeks. The flashing wing lights of the plane reflect the raindrop on the window indelibly onto his face.
96) 1) dialog: The other sons also tried, but none of them could break it. "Untie the bundle," said the farmer, "And each of you take a stick."
97) 1) dialog: When they had done so, he called out to them, "Now, break them," and each stick was easily broken... The door opens revealing Emily. She’s surprised and her sleepy features harden instantly. Edward begins to talk.
97) 2) dialog: No man is an island, my friend. We’re just not built that way.
98) 1) dialog: You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you, and no matter how you battle the current-- 117. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAWN Thomas leans against the limo, watching through the window as Carter and Emily speak. Her guard is still up, but she’s listening...
98) 2) dialog: --our lives are streams flowing into the same river towards whatever heaven lies in the mist beyond the falls.
99) 1) dialog: Find the joy in your life, Edward. Close your eyes and let the waters take you. INT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAWN Edward shakes Emily’s hand goodbye. She’s not giving in, but it’s a start. He reaches for the front door just as a LITTLE GIRL, still half-asleep, comes out from the back bedroom. Edward is stunned.
99) 2) dialog: Open your heart and listen to the mountain... He looks up at Emily who says something to the little girl. He crouches down as the girl walks right up to him and lays her head on his shoulder. His eyes are full as he looks up at Emily in amazement then slowly kisses his granddaughter’s head.
100) 0) text: Carter's face is at peace. Virginia’s face comes into frame and kisses him softly. Her tears fall onto his eyelids and continue down his cheeks.
100) 1) dialog: I promise you’ll be heard.
101) 1) dialog: We're a bundle of sticks, you and I, be it in this world or the one that follows. I will be forever grateful for the joy your life has brought to mine. Thomas opens the car door for him.
102) 1) dialog: Your friend always... Carter. Edward lowers the window and looks out at the painted dawn sky as the limo drives away. He stares for several moments then closes his eyes and listens...
104) 2) dialog: Edward Perriman Cole died in May. It was a Sunday, in the afternoon, and there wasn’t a cloud in the sky... CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that he’s closely surrounded by Thomas, Emily and their THREE CHILDREN, hands intertwined with-- 121. --Carter’s grandchildren, each of whom stands with their parents and Virginia. One family. Edward is smiling like we’ve never seen.
104) 3) dialog: He was seventy-nine years old. Finally, Thomas deposits both cans into the hole beneath the rock. CARTER (V.O.) (CONT’D) Even now, I can’t claim to understand the measure of a life, but I can tell you this... Thomas replaces the rock over the coffee cans.
104) 4) dialog: I know that when he died his eyes were closed, and his heart was open... I know that he could hear the mountain... THE CAMERA lingers on the rock for a moment then tilts up to reveal the breathtaking view of the entire world below. CARTER (V.O.) (CONT’D) And I know the mountain heard him in return. THE END.