11) 0) text: Carter stares up at the collage of photos and cards taped to the wall above his head. He removes a photograph of his daughter's soccer team. He’s seen standing proudly in the back row wearing a coach’s hat and a whistle around his neck. Edward groans in his sleep and wrestles with his sheets. The bandages have been removed from his head, which is now scarred and littered with uneven patches of stubble. Carter looks over at him until he settles.
13) 0) text: Edward kneels on the floor, head resting on the toilet seat, fast asleep. He’s woken by VOICES coming from the room. He weakly pushes open the door to see who it is.
17) 0) text: CLOSE ON CARTER; fast asleep. A square of sunlight moves across his eyes until he opens them and squints into the white light. He rolls over, away from the window and face to-face with a single sheet of yellowed paper propped up against his tower of books. He pulls the paper close to his eyes and sees the title: “EDWARD'S BUCKET LIST.”
43) 0) text: Paneled walls wrapping around an immense mahogany table. Roger and Lee stare open-mouthed at the opulence.
43) 4) dialog: We went to public school.
43) 9) text: A HI-TECH RECORD PLAYER; as Edward lays a platter down on the turntable and drops the needle. Louis Armstrong's Autumn in New York plays over the following SERIES: -- IN THE DINING ROOM; Rachel organizes the place settings. Fork and spoon on the left, knife on the right. Opposite her, Edward tries to mirror the layout. Gets it right the second time. -- Carter sits with eyes closed and hands pressed together, saying grace. Edward watches him, eyes flicking around the table to see the rest of the family have their eyes closed. -- JUMP CUTS as Carter hands Edward the carving knife; Edward attacks the meat while the others look on; Virginia watches as her perfect roast is hacked to pieces; a blockish chunk lands on Lee’s plate. -- Edward is a wallflower as the family tucks into the meal, passing steaming dishes back and forth through a lively discussion. -- Edward’s on his second plate. He’s talking now, telling a story that has Virginia mildly on edge. The kids seem to love it, except Rachel who makes eyes at him. Edward returns the look until she points to her closed mouth. He gets the picture and snaps his mouth shut, swallowing his food before continuing. -- Carter stares glumly at the tiny slice of apple pie sitting on his plate. Virginia is marking the size of Edward's slice with a pie cutter. Edward motions for a bigger piece. Virginia moves the cutter. Edward’s still not satisfied. She moves it again. -- IN THE KITCHEN; Edward coaxes a steaming cup of coffee from the copper siphon. He puts it on a saucer and carefully offers it to Virginia who has a chain-gang of dishes going at the sink with Carter and the boys. She allows a thin smile as she moves to accept the coffee, then notices Carter behind Edward, shaking his head not to take it. She looks back at Edward and politely demurs. -- IN THE LIBRARY; Edward waits for the last bars of the song to end before lifting the needle and carefully sliding the record back into it’s sleeve.
63) 0) text: Edward is asleep then suddenly chuckles in his dream. Carter looks over, smiling knowingly before laying a postcard of the pyramids on his seat-back table. Starts to write.
80) 0) text: Where Carter is back in bed covered in tubes. Virginia lies with Rachel on the bed next to him. Rachel is asleep.
83) 7) dialog: Only when he’s eating.
96) 0) text: Seen from above as Roger, Lee and Rachel lie in bed with their mother, clinging to her as she prays.
101) 0) text: Virginia stands in the doorway, staring at her sleeping children. Rachel opens her eyes and looks at her mother. 118. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAWN Edward walks the path towards Thomas and the waiting limo.