6) 17) dialog: I can’t come on Saturday. We’ve got the semi’s against Newark.
6) 19) dialog: All the girls wish you could be there. Virginia puts a light hand on Rachel’s shoulder, cautioning her not to upset him. 18.
6) 21) dialog: Everyone knows that’s not true... I love you, daddy. Kisses him, followed by her brothers, all exchanging heartfelt “I love you’s.” Finally, Virginia takes his hand. He grasps it briefly, without any intimacy. She leans over to kiss him, but the closeness is awkward. Her eyes fall as she kisses his cheek, feeling the lack.
13) 1) dialog: ++.-got the corner kick which Karen put right in the box and Angela headed it straight into the net.
14) 0) text: Rachel sits on Carter’s bed. He’s elated at the news. 26.
14) 2) dialog: (glumly) Essex.
14) 4) dialog: Yeah.
20) 2) dialog: Ow! What’d you do that for?
20) 4) dialog: Mom! Mom!
42) 1) dialog: Happy Easter.
43) 9) text: A HI-TECH RECORD PLAYER; as Edward lays a platter down on the turntable and drops the needle. Louis Armstrong's Autumn in New York plays over the following SERIES: -- IN THE DINING ROOM; Rachel organizes the place settings. Fork and spoon on the left, knife on the right. Opposite her, Edward tries to mirror the layout. Gets it right the second time. -- Carter sits with eyes closed and hands pressed together, saying grace. Edward watches him, eyes flicking around the table to see the rest of the family have their eyes closed. -- JUMP CUTS as Carter hands Edward the carving knife; Edward attacks the meat while the others look on; Virginia watches as her perfect roast is hacked to pieces; a blockish chunk lands on Lee’s plate. -- Edward is a wallflower as the family tucks into the meal, passing steaming dishes back and forth through a lively discussion. -- Edward’s on his second plate. He’s talking now, telling a story that has Virginia mildly on edge. The kids seem to love it, except Rachel who makes eyes at him. Edward returns the look until she points to her closed mouth. He gets the picture and snaps his mouth shut, swallowing his food before continuing. -- Carter stares glumly at the tiny slice of apple pie sitting on his plate. Virginia is marking the size of Edward's slice with a pie cutter. Edward motions for a bigger piece. Virginia moves the cutter. Edward’s still not satisfied. She moves it again. -- IN THE KITCHEN; Edward coaxes a steaming cup of coffee from the copper siphon. He puts it on a saucer and carefully offers it to Virginia who has a chain-gang of dishes going at the sink with Carter and the boys. She allows a thin smile as she moves to accept the coffee, then notices Carter behind Edward, shaking his head not to take it. She looks back at Edward and politely demurs. -- IN THE LIBRARY; Edward waits for the last bars of the song to end before lifting the needle and carefully sliding the record back into it’s sleeve.
49) 0) text: A WAITER passes with a tray supporting an enormous bowl of caviar which he deposits in the center of a table where Edward sits with Carter and Rachel. All are dressed for the occasion and Edward now sports a freshly waxed pencil-thin moustache.
49) 4) dialog: It looks disgusting.
49) 6) dialog: They can call it whatever they want, still looks nasty. She takes a tiny spoonful and sniffs at it. Edward is studying the Bucket List.
49) 14) dialog: (making a face) Honestly?
49) 16) dialog: (looks at Carter who nods) It tastes like ass. Edward almost chokes on his food. Soon all three are laughing.
49) 20) dialog: Who’s Emily?
49) 26) dialog: What’s a carlo-kafor?
49) 29) dialog: Dad.
49) 39) dialog: He’s just... He calls me “The Accident.” They weren’t planning on having more kids. Also because when I was eight, I chased my ball into the street when a car came. It dragged me the whole block before it stopped. I was in the hospital for a month. The first night, he told me he'd give anything if god would let him switch places with me.
49) 41) dialog: Can I ask you something?
49) 43) dialog: Is she pretty? Edward takes a beat, then nods slowly. There’s a sudden commotion and the waiter quick-walks over to them.
49) 46) dialog: Where’s dad?
49) 52) dialog: Daddy! She’s standing in the open doorway.
50) 7) dialog: You really think they'll fall for it?
52) 25) dialog: Need any help?
52) 27) dialog: (eying the suitcase) Nuh-uh. She pulls his clothes out and starts re-folding them. He smiles and removes the pills, placing them into a bag.
80) 0) text: Where Carter is back in bed covered in tubes. Virginia lies with Rachel on the bed next to him. Rachel is asleep.
96) 0) text: Seen from above as Roger, Lee and Rachel lie in bed with their mother, clinging to her as she prays.
101) 0) text: Virginia stands in the doorway, staring at her sleeping children. Rachel opens her eyes and looks at her mother. 118. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAWN Edward walks the path towards Thomas and the waiting limo.