1) 0) text: A pair of elevator doors open at the far end of a long hallway emitting a hulking man in a tailored black suit, lugging a set of four massive suitcases as he counts room numbers. This is THOMAS.
2) 0) text: Thomas barrels in, passing a curtained off area near the door, and drops the bags onto the empty bed next to the window. Opening the first suitcase, he sets up the room with practiced efficiency-- He plugs in a cell phone cradle and sets it on the bedside table along with a hi-tech alarm clock... Lines half a dozen shoes and slippers down the length of the bed... Unloads a stack of thick books on living with cancer, cancer treatment, cancer nutrition, new cancer protocols... Sets a laptop computer on the table, surrounding it neatly with pens, notepads and Post-Its... Places a massive, Royal Classic copper coffee siphon on the window sill, along with copper-lined cups and saucers and spoons and a dark wooden box covered in Arabic writing and Sumatran customs stickers... VOICES are heard in the hallway - a commotion coming closer. Thomas quickly removes a vase and flowers. He jogs through the separator curtain and into the bathroom where he fills the vase with water, completely missing the figure lying in the bed behind the curtain. 10. The noise in the hallway is reaching a fever pitch as Thomas emerges from the bathroom and nearly loses the vase as he sees Carter lying in the near bed.
2) 2) dialog: I uh... I’m sorry. What are you doing here?
2) 11) dialog: You rang my liege. Pushing through the curtains, leaving a gap through which Carter views Edward being slid into bed.
2) 13) dialog: Wishful thinking on my part.
2) 15) dialog: I wouldn’t lose a testicle over it.
2) 19) dialog: (to Edward) One thing at a time. Lean back now. Edward and Carter glare at each other before Thomas gingerly leans him back into the bed.
8) 0) text: As Thomas begins to unpack a stack of aluminum containers from Il Mulino. Spoons the contents onto a large plate.
8) 1) dialog: Okay, we got prosciutto de Parma, some fresh mozzarell’, and Bruno threw in some of that fried artichoke crap you froth over.
8) 3) dialog: Double veal chop with lobster truffle oil risotto.
14) 22) dialog: Peking Duck?
17) 18) dialog: (with an armful of business suits) Did you want these arranged by color as usual or--
17) 20) dialog: Orphans? You’ve been mixing medications again.
17) 27) dialog: I think it’s the dumbest idea I’ve ever heard...and you're fools if you don’t do it. Carter stares at him...
18) 0) text: Empty save for a slow-moving nurse or two until Edward bursts out of the room with a full head of steam followed by Thomas, once again laden with luggage, and Carter who carries a small bag and an armful of books. Edward makes for the elevators as Carter struggles to catch up to him.
18) 12) dialog: Education.
18) 14) dialog: If I had a nickel for--
19) 0) text: Edward helps Thomas load the luggage into the trunk of the waiting limousine.
24) 0) text: Virginia wipes tears from her face as she walks resolutely to her car. Carter follows her, watching Edward as Thomas helps him to the limo.
28) 4) dialog: Back in one piece I see. How fortunate.
29) 0) text: It's the annual Nathans Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest. Participants and onlookers mill beneath a striped tent. Edward wears a contestant’s badge. Carter watches as Thomas massages Edward’s shoulders.
29) 2) dialog: You're a bottomless pit.
29) 8) dialog: His relationship with sanity has its little hiccups... Still, you gotta admire his pluck. Edward continues to stare down the hundred pound Korean woman.
30) 0) text: Edward lags behind Carter and Thomas as they head back to the car. Edward is griping over the outcome...
30) 2) dialog: What’s the problem?
30) 4) dialog: So that’s a no on the caviar?
30) 6) dialog: Trying my best sir.
38) 0) text: As Thomas emerges followed by Edward and Carter. Thomas carries the police paperwork. Edward's marking up the list.
39) 4) dialog: Nice of him to ask.
39) 7) dialog: A thousand pardons, mein fuhrer.
39) 9) dialog: Go fuck myself?
68) 0) text: Thomas stands with a disapproving look on his face as a guard leads Edward and Carter out of the cell. They’re dressed in filthy prison smocks with several weeks facial growth.
68) 1) dialog: This is becoming epidemic.
68) 3) dialog: (catching a whiff) Several.
69) 0) text: Thomas waits with a towel while Edward showers. Carter is seen through the doorway, talking to his family on the phone in the living room. He’s yet to shower.
69) 2) dialog: Ain’t what it used to be.
69) 4) dialog: You don’t want to know.
69) 6) dialog: I’ve got your statements in my bag, but all told you're down to a couple million. Edward sticks his head through the shower door, halfway through shaving a new look that links his moustache to his sideburns.
69) 8) dialog: I never joke with Civil War heroes. Nice ink, by the way. Edward holds up his arms which are now covered in tattoos: a charging bull, the pyramids, etc.
69) 10) dialog: How punk of you. gl.
69) 12) dialog: What are indentured servants for. Heads into...
70) 2) dialog: Did you tell them?
70) 4) dialog: You both seem in surprisingly good spirits considering...
70) 6) dialog: Like a pigsty?
70) 8) dialog: They say your mental disposition can have a tremendous impact on disease.
70) 12) dialog: It's Matthew actually but he finds that too biblical... Thomas is fine.
71) 3) dialog: I do, but I’m not sure he’1l---
72) 19) dialog: So, shitty news or really shitty news?
72) 21) dialog: There’s a storm up there. They won’t fly until the weather clears.
72) 24) dialog: Not for a month. Maybe two. That’s the really shitty news, in case you were wondering.
73) 0) text: Spewing enormous plumes of ash and lava into the night sky while rivers of molten rock stream from the crater. Carter, Edward, and Thomas stand atop a neighboring peak. Their faces hang in awe in the light of the eruption.
74) 3) dialog: You're welcome, is what he’s trying to say.
74) 6) dialog: One more stop.
81) 0) text: Edward walks with Holcomb trailing him. Thomas stands as he sees them.
83) 0) text: The limo doors open and Thomas emerges along with Edward, Holcomb and the entire Chambers family. Carter is weak but shuffles along towards the waiting Gulfstream.
101) 0) text: Virginia stands in the doorway, staring at her sleeping children. Rachel opens her eyes and looks at her mother. 118. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAWN Edward walks the path towards Thomas and the waiting limo.
101) 2) dialog: So that’s your daughter?
101) 4) dialog: Pretty. Edward looks angry. Thomas waits for the rebuke. Instead, Edward pats him on the shoulder before climbing into the car. Thomas looks back at the house as the lights go out.