6) 8) dialog: Everything all right, dear? 17.
6) 10) dialog: I’m sure he’ll understand.
6) 13) dialog: (to her family) We should probably push off too. (to Carter) If you need any more books--
6) 16) dialog: Already took care of it. He nods his thanks. Barely meets her eyes.
14) 7) dialog: Three months I’m gone and this place has gone to the dogs. There isn’t an M.D. within-- Almost walks into Edward...
14) 9) dialog: Nice and easy. She clears a path then helps him ease into bed.
14) 11) dialog: Mmmm.
14) 13) dialog: You people?
14) 15) dialog: (walking away) Forget yourself.
14) 17) dialog: You can beg all you want, you ain't gettin’ it.
14) 19) dialog: I will talk to-- I don’t work for you anymore “Mister Cole” so don’t think for a hummingbird heartbeat you put the quake in my boots with your fat voice because all you're doing is taking up oxygen.
14) 21) dialog: I don’t think so. (back to Edward) It's been two days since a doctor's looked in on my husband and you of all people have the nerve to condescend to us... I’ve been a nurse my entire adult life with a ringside seat to more human tragedy than any woman should have to bear and I’ve learned that the one thing in this world worse than dying is staring your life’s end in the face with no one beside you but a nurse you’ve known for a week who’s being paid to hold your hand... I don’t wish that on you, Mr. Cole, I wouldn’t wish it on anyone, but I know what I know about these things, and you might want to make what ever peace you can with god and give back just a little bit of the respect you so desperately demand, because as far as I can tell, you are going to die alone. 28. Edward's eyes betray him for a brief moment, just enough for her to see she’s laid him wide open. Her regret is immediate. She turns to see everyone staring at her including Thomas who has just entered from the hallway carrying several Chinese take out bags.
22) 0) text: Virginia walks up to the sergeant’s desk.
22) 1) dialog: I’m here to post bail for my husband. The NIGHT SERGEANT barely looks up from his paperwork as he hands her a clipboard.
23) 0) text: As Virginia counts out several hundred-dollar bills then hands them to waiting BOOKING OFFICER.
23) 3) dialog: He’s not a grown man?
23) 5) dialog: That’s not necessary.
23) 7) dialog: You've done quite enough, Mister Cole. Carter spent thirty years killing himself with those cigarettes. If the lord sees fit to give him a second chance I'd like it to be home with his family where he belongs, not in prison, and certainly not with you.
23) 9) dialog: (to Carter) Told me what?
24) 0) text: Virginia wipes tears from her face as she walks resolutely to her car. Carter follows her, watching Edward as Thomas helps him to the limo.
24) 1) dialog: I'm taking you back to the hospital. See about getting you into Dr. Holcomb’s--
24) 3) dialog: Don’t play with me.
24) 5) dialog: (sees Edward watching) I understand plenty. You two think you can run off and act like children because your time’s up so nothing matters anymore. Why don’t you tell your children that? See what they have to say when they find out you've given up on them.
24) 8) dialog: You’re my husband.
42) 0) text: Edward emerges through double stained-glass doors into the marble foyer just as the elevator doors open revealing Carter, Virginia and their kids.
43) 9) text: A HI-TECH RECORD PLAYER; as Edward lays a platter down on the turntable and drops the needle. Louis Armstrong's Autumn in New York plays over the following SERIES: -- IN THE DINING ROOM; Rachel organizes the place settings. Fork and spoon on the left, knife on the right. Opposite her, Edward tries to mirror the layout. Gets it right the second time. -- Carter sits with eyes closed and hands pressed together, saying grace. Edward watches him, eyes flicking around the table to see the rest of the family have their eyes closed. -- JUMP CUTS as Carter hands Edward the carving knife; Edward attacks the meat while the others look on; Virginia watches as her perfect roast is hacked to pieces; a blockish chunk lands on Lee’s plate. -- Edward is a wallflower as the family tucks into the meal, passing steaming dishes back and forth through a lively discussion. -- Edward’s on his second plate. He’s talking now, telling a story that has Virginia mildly on edge. The kids seem to love it, except Rachel who makes eyes at him. Edward returns the look until she points to her closed mouth. He gets the picture and snaps his mouth shut, swallowing his food before continuing. -- Carter stares glumly at the tiny slice of apple pie sitting on his plate. Virginia is marking the size of Edward's slice with a pie cutter. Edward motions for a bigger piece. Virginia moves the cutter. Edward’s still not satisfied. She moves it again. -- IN THE KITCHEN; Edward coaxes a steaming cup of coffee from the copper siphon. He puts it on a saucer and carefully offers it to Virginia who has a chain-gang of dishes going at the sink with Carter and the boys. She allows a thin smile as she moves to accept the coffee, then notices Carter behind Edward, shaking his head not to take it. She looks back at Edward and politely demurs. -- IN THE LIBRARY; Edward waits for the last bars of the song to end before lifting the needle and carefully sliding the record back into it’s sleeve.
43) 10) dialog: They played that at our wedding. She stands in the doorway, wiping her hands on a kitchen towel. 63.
43) 12) dialog: First Baptist in the Bronx. My uncle was the pastor so we got the reception room for free. It’s gone now. ‘Put up one of them gargantuan shopping malls.
43) 14) dialog: They do. A beat. He’s unsure how to approach her...
43) 16) dialog: I understand. It’s business.
43) 18) dialog: Do you find that difficult?
43) 20) dialog: I don’t blame you.
43) 22) dialog: You don’t owe me anything.
43) 24) dialog: Give him back to me.
43) 26) dialog: I’m not asking for his sake. He’s the only one who can decide what’s best for him. I’m asking for myself.
43) 28) dialog: I’m prepared for him to die. If there’s one thing I understand it’s that, but what I can’t do-- I’m his wife. I’m not prepared to lose him while he’s alive. Her eyes hold his. She’s laid herself wide open and he’s unable to look away.
77) 29) dialog: Happy second honeymoon.
77) 31) dialog: Do you have any idea how long it’s been?
77) 33) dialog: No, I don’t think you do.
77) 35) dialog: I know you do.
77) 37) dialog: How do you think I could forget our first date? You wore that shirt with the stain on the front and your black shoes and brown belt.
77) 39) dialog: (surprised) I can’t believe you--
77) 41) dialog: You weren’t worthy.
77) 43) dialog: I was joking, baby. I knew that night after I got back. I told my mother I was your’s forever if you’d have me... Forever’s just getting started. They kiss again, more passionately until she pulls away and stands out of bed.
77) 44) dialog: I got something for you. Wasn’t sure I'd need it.
77) 46) dialog: Carter? The bed is empty. She walks around it.
77) 47) dialog: So we’re playing games now? You think you can get me all riled up then-- She stops as she sees him face down on the floor, his hands twitching.
77) 48) dialog: Carter! She turns him over to see his eyes are rolled back into his head as the seizure storms through him.
77) 49) dialog: Roger! She finds his wallet on the bedside table and forces it between his teeth. Roger appears at the door--
80) 0) text: Where Carter is back in bed covered in tubes. Virginia lies with Rachel on the bed next to him. Rachel is asleep.
80) 2) dialog: Quiet. I wasn’t sure if I should call you, I--
80) 4) dialog: We're fine. Really... He wanted me to give you this. She sits up and pulls the taped-together Bucket List out of her purse.
80) 5) dialog: There’s a letter too. I was supposed to wait until... But then I thought--
82) 0) text: Edward enters just as Carter is standing out of bed with help from Virginia.
82) 2) dialog: Why?
84) 0) text: Zipping between large warehouses. Carter sits in the back with Virginia. He’s blindfolded and bitching and wearing a new suit. Edward’s in the front next to the driver. The golf cart pulls to a stop next to a warehouse door. Virginia helps Carter out while Edward gets the door.
85) 0) text: The doorway is curtained off with thick, sound-eating drapes. Virginia leads Carter inside. 108.
87) 19) dialog: Oh. Sorry. (Carter gets another answer) Go on, baby! She’s punches Edward’s arm in glee. The game continues. Carter is doing well but he’s beginning to tire. Sweat stains are visible on his collar. Edward now stands several feet away from Virginia.
87) 21) dialog: He'll be fine. 111. She applauds as he gets another correct answer.
88) 4) dialog: Edward.
89) 0) text: Carter’s POV as Virginia stares down at him.
89) 1) dialog: Hey, babe. Can you hear me all right?
89) 3) dialog: We're in the hospital. You had a stroke, but you’re gonna be fine.
89) 5) dialog: (looking) Who’s Alex?
89) 7) dialog: They’re taking you in for surgery in a minute.
91) 2) dialog: I’ll be here when you get back.
98) 0) text: Virginia scoops instant coffee into a styrofoam cup. She looks up as Holcomb appears at the other end of the hallway walking towards her. His face is unreadable.
99) 0) text: We can’t see Holcomb’s face or what he’s saying as he reaches Virginia, but her expression says it all. The coffee cup slips from her hands and lands at her feet, spilling onto the floor.
100) 0) text: Carter's face is at peace. Virginia’s face comes into frame and kisses him softly. Her tears fall onto his eyelids and continue down his cheeks.
101) 0) text: Virginia stands in the doorway, staring at her sleeping children. Rachel opens her eyes and looks at her mother. 118. EXT. EMILY’S HOUSE - DAWN Edward walks the path towards Thomas and the waiting limo.