21) 52) text: The girls clamber up. Kym brushes curry off Rachel's shir ABBY, the girl's mom, and ANDREW, her husband, enter the dining room. Abby is a beautiful, wise woman in her fifti Elegant, ladylike and graceful. Andrew looks foxy in his Abby-selected Armani, but he has shoulders and knuckles of a heavyweight. As the girls approach, Abby acknowledges Paul across the room but make move to go beyond an exchange of long distance little wav and tight smiles.
21) 68) dialog: Hiya Kym. You look great! Hey Rachel!
21) 194) text: Some guests laugh. Sidney grins. Carol, Paul, Rachel, and Abby sit silently. Andrew moves in towards his wife.
42) 8) text: Abby picks up the tray, leading the way from the kitchen the living room. Trailing behind her, Kym looks around he mother's unfamiliar house -- the spaciousness and stark modernity of Andrew's house stand in marked contrast to t rampant folksy-ness of the Buchman house.
54) 12) text: Abby stands quietly with Andrew in the first row. She loo composed and lovely and has the tiniest hint of a bruise her chin. The procession reaches the altar and the wedding party tu to face Rachel and Paul. Paul is beaming, walking his beautiful daughter from the of the house and across the terrace to the living room. S glows in her white and gold Sari.
56) 40) text: She drags Paul to the temporary poolside patio dance floo Paul is a fantastic dancer! Sidney drags his dad to the d floor. He's dramatic and weird! Abby smiles politely at K and goes to sit down with Andrew. Kieran spirits Kym to t patio, where they join the dancers.
57) 18) text: Carol stands quietly besides Paul and takes his hand and whispers to him. Though not dancing, they are clearly enjoying the carnival. Paul gives a little shimmy. Abby and Andrew are huddled together at a table, talking intensely. It's like they are blind to the spectacle. Kieran offers his hand to Kym. She leaps up, spilling her flowers. Kieran pulls her to the middle of the crowd. The circle each other. They come together almost violently an dance like there's no tomorrow. Kym's head is thrown back Shoulders heaving, Kieran swings her around by the waist. SFX: DRUMMERS DRIVING THE PARTY FASTER AND FASTER. Emma shimmies wildly with her partner, her hair a mess.
57) 25) text: Carol and Paul watching, laughing. Andrew whispering in Abby's ear. She just stares off.
59) 56) text: Andrew pops his head in.
59) 57) dialog: They're bringing the car around.
59) 115) text: Kym sees Abby and Andrew crossing the front porch through window.
60) 14) text: Kym is looking out the dining room window between Paul an Susanna -- she spots Abby and Andrew walking down the driveway towards the VALETS at the street.
61) 1) text: At the edge of the porch Kym sees Abby standing in the moonlight at the front of the driveway with Andrew, waiti for their car. Kym pauses. Abby turns her head slightly in Kym's direction.
61) 12) text: Abby fixes her gaze on Andrew as he opens the door for he