0) 51) text: CAROL, a handsome woman in her 40's, waves from the car.
0) 54) dialog: Hello Kym.
0) 57) dialog: Getting everything ready at the house.
0) 73) dialog: Is there anyone you want to say goodbye to?
0) 77) text: Right away though, Kym lights up a cigarette and Paul and Carol crank their windows.
0) 86) dialog: The only extra person staying at the house is Emma, who's actually been staying in your old room. But she can move, I guess.
0) 97) dialog: Nachtmare?
0) 124) dialog: I brought you a Diet Coke.
1) 1) text: Carol looks at Paul. He is fiddling with the dashboard.
10) 31) text: Paul doesn't say anything. Carol floats to Paul's side.
16) 1) text: Sweaty and fed up with Carol's bike, Kym cycles into the Buchman driveway. Paul has been watching for her out the kitchen window while doing dishes. He waves and yells to wife.
16) 2) text: PAUL Carol, she's here!
20) 18) text: Paul, Carol, a few of Paul's closest record biz friends (including a CULT LUMINARY or two); MR. AND MRS. WILLIAMS (Sidney's mom and dad), sister KAYRA, grandmother HERREAS and cousin JOSEPH GONZALES (in US Army dress uniform, hom leave from Iraq) blend easily with the younger crowd. Cou Joseph is always filming with his own CAMCORDER.
21) 194) text: Some guests laugh. Sidney grins. Carol, Paul, Rachel, and Abby sit silently. Andrew moves in towards his wife.
23) 1) text: Kym drops into a chair in the dining room as Paul, Carol, Rachel, Sidney, Kieran, and Emma struggle in with several elaborately wrapped wedding gifts and leftovers from the rehearsal dinner, which they pile on the dining room tabl
23) 6) dialog: Let me see.
23) 30) text: Carol returns with a tray and a huge watermelon that's be impaled with an enormous kitchen knife.
23) 38) text: Carol hands Kym a slice of watermelon.
23) 40) dialog: Here. Anybody else?
23) 77) dialog: Absolutely, a wedding will take it right out of you, boy.
23) 81) dialog: Oh my lord. Kym, we have gone through Nar-Anon, baby. You know that.
23) 88) dialog: (standing next to her husband) Nobody can make you feel any way unless you let them, Kym.
23) 197) dialog: Oh, Rachel darling, and Sidney, I couldn't be happier.
23) 204) text: He mushes her face and kisses her cheek. Then he mushes Carol's face.
23) 205) dialog: Holy cow. What a day. I think I've aged. I mean it. (To Paul) ) Would you mind if I went to bed, darling?
23) 217) dialog: Let me help, it'll be quicker.
23) 218) text: Now the Cautionary Finger is levelled at Carol.
23) 220) dialog: Okay,okay.
23) 221) text: Hands in the air, Carol leaves the room.
31) 0) text: Paul, Rachel, Emma, Sidney, and Norman Sklear are sprawle the porch eating sandwiches and figuring out the seating arrangement for the wedding by manipulating tiny origami chickens, a tiny turtle, Monopoly pieces, spools of threa etc...each with a small name tag. Paul sees Kieran's rental pull up, grins, and calls to Carol...
31) 3) text: Carol emerges with a tray of lemonade as the rental is rolling to a stop. Kieran and Kym are climbing out of the car...
32) 25) text: They look at each other. The screen door swings open as Emma, Carol, Sidney, Kiera and Norman Sklear carry the lunch plates to the kitchen. follows, carrying the salt shaker.
32) 42) dialog: Hee hee hee.
32) 53) dialog: Two minutes.
32) 61) dialog: Ha!
32) 79) text: Paul is loading the dishwasher like a champ. Carol and Emma are smiling and giggling.
32) 105) text: It dawns on Kym that she's handed her father Ethan's bowl She is stricken. Paul looks to Carol. He seems bewildered. The kitchen fal silent and Carol takes Ethan's bowl and places it in the sink, out of sight. She leads Paul gently out of the kitc
38) 1) text: Rachel, yanking the foils out of her hair, perches on the sofa next to Carol and Paul. She is furious.
38) 41) dialog: What?
38) 90) text: Carol turns to Rachel. Rachel bolts upstairs. Carol turns Paul. Paul waves her away. Carol is bawling too.
41) 1) text: The room is piled high with boxes overflowing with tulle flowers and glassware. Carol, Sidney, Rachel, Kieran and are seated around the cheerless dining room table, pickin the dinner in front of them...even Emma appears to have g up. She is drinking a lot of wine. Paul returns to the ta
41) 4) text: CAROL She must feel awful.
41) 5) text: KIERAN (gently) Excuse me, but when you're trying to get better there's a lot of pressure in rehabs... when someone isn't ready to take responsibility they create something, like an Uncle Stan, to take responsibility until they're ready. PAUL (hollow) Well, she's always been creative. CAROL I just wish we knew where she was. SIDNEY Paul, Would you like me to go out and look for her?
41) 7) text: CAROL You're getting married tomorrow. A hundred people will be here.
41) 9) text: Everybody looks at Kieran. No one responds. The phone rin Carol goes to get it. Everybody waits. CAROL It's the caterer.
47) 1) text: Rachel and Emma are curled up in the middle of the bed, s style, with clothes still on. Emma is behind Rachel, lost the world, gently snoring. Rachel's eyes are wide open. Carol swings the door cautiously open and peers inside. Rachel and Carol look at each other for a long time. Caro withdraws, closing the door behind her.
49) 17) text: Paul and Carol, beautifully dressed, appear on the front porch and hurry towards Kym.
49) 19) dialog: Oh my lord...
49) 44) dialog: Why don't you go find your sister? She didn't sleep last night waiting for you.
55) 29) text: Big Kiss! Lots of screaming and laughing. Huge applause. Carol and Mr. Williams throw pink and white confetti hear
55) 31) text: Paul weeps openly. Carol breathes a sigh of relief.
56) 15) text: Reshuffling as Sidney, his parents, Kayra, and Rachel, Pa Carol and Kym each place a hand on the silver cake knife.
57) 18) text: Carol stands quietly besides Paul and takes his hand and whispers to him. Though not dancing, they are clearly enjoying the carnival. Paul gives a little shimmy. Abby and Andrew are huddled together at a table, talking intensely. It's like they are blind to the spectacle. Kieran offers his hand to Kym. She leaps up, spilling her flowers. Kieran pulls her to the middle of the crowd. The circle each other. They come together almost violently an dance like there's no tomorrow. Kym's head is thrown back Shoulders heaving, Kieran swings her around by the waist. SFX: DRUMMERS DRIVING THE PARTY FASTER AND FASTER. Emma shimmies wildly with her partner, her hair a mess.
57) 25) text: Carol and Paul watching, laughing. Andrew whispering in Abby's ear. She just stares off.
66) 3) text: Carol comes up behind Paul, envelopes him in a gentle bea hug.
67) 22) text: The car pulls out of the driveway, Carol watching it go f the dining room window.