6) 1) text: Kym slams open the master bedroom door and finds her olde sister, RACHEL, trying on her wedding dress with the help her best friend EMMA. Radiant and sexy, Rachel glows like angel in her creamy white and gold sari. Emma has pins in mouth and a tape measure around her neck.
6) 4) dialog: (to Kym) You can't smoke in here--
6) 5) text: Rachel and Kym squeal and embrace. Rachel is slightly awk as Emma frantically tries to keep the billowing fabric fr combustion.
6) 22) dialog: Kym!
6) 32) dialog: Kym, I'm not remotely surprised you're starting your drama already, however it's Rachel's wedding and this week it's about her.
6) 38) dialog: Psychology. Not psychiatry. You know the difference, right?
6) 54) dialog: A while.
6) 59) dialog: N.E.D.s?
6) 78) dialog: Elvis Stoyko the figure skater?
6) 94) dialog: Where'd she get the skates from?
6) 99) dialog: She's got everyone she knows pulling elf duty.
6) 102) text: Rachel and Emma exchange a look.
6) 110) dialog: (to Kym) And you're such a diplomat.
6) 125) dialog: It's softball. Someone was chasing them.
6) 130) text: Rachel and Emma share a look.
10) 2) text: Rachel and Emma shout back down. RACHEL It's too hot! EMMA I don't eat gluten, Paul! PAUL What don't you eat?! EMMA Gluten!
10) 19) dialog: No!
17) 1) text: Fiancee SIDNEY, sexy, compact, thirties, and best man KIE are stringing lights all over the house and yard. Kieran on a ladder. He is the same ATTRACTIVE GUY from the meeti Sidney is completely wrapped, chest to knees, in twinkly white lights and he unspools himself as needed. Rachel arrives with Kym who is holding the aircraft carrier size meatloaf sandwich that's oozing lettuce and ketchup and t enormous glass of milk. She holds them both like they're suspended in formaldehyde. Emma is working on her tan.
17) 16) dialog: Pandas are endangered.
17) 29) text: Kym gives Emma a look. Emma smiles sweetly.
19) 1) text: A LAVISH BOLLYWOOD SOUNDTRACK PLAYS as Emma wraps Kym in lilac fabric for her sari-esque bridesmaid's dress. Kym examines herself in the mirrors of the private salon. The girls look like jewels against the lush fabrics, pillows curtains. Rachel sits at a vanity trying on dangling earr and shakes her head gently, the gems glimmer and sparkle. RACHEL Isn't the lilac fabulous? You look like a freesia.
19) 3) text: EMMA We're all wearing lilac. KYM (heedless, grabbing the grey fabric) Look at this. I love this. It's like a cloud.
19) 4) text: Emma looks at Rachel. KYM You guys know how I am. I never wear lilac. EMMA It's good to have a principle.
19) 5) text: Kym ignores her. RACHEL You wore a lilac sweater with a cat face on it on the cover of Seventeen Magazine when I was at Fat Camp. KYM Sure, but I got paid for that and I was on horse tranquilizers. So why aren't I the Maid of Honor? Why is Emma the Maid of Honor?
19) 29) dialog: That's odd.
19) 33) dialog: Blow me.
19) 47) dialog: I know I have nothing better to think about.
19) 58) dialog: What?
19) 61) dialog: Yes.
19) 71) dialog: Is it what you want?
19) 76) dialog: Fine. The crown is yours, First Runner Up.
19) 79) dialog: It's not about you.
19) 83) dialog: Hooray for sisterhood.
21) 0) text: THE DINNER-- The forty-odd guests are now seated in an adjoining room at LONG TABLES laden with a GORGEOUS INDIA FEAST. Yellow rice, red curry, vivid green and orange vegetable dishes, pink shrimp. Huge plates of Dosa and Brinjal. Candles flicker in lanterns shaped like lotuses. PHOTOGENICALLY STYLISH YOUNG SERVERS dressed elegantly in black and white hover around the family and friends as everybody makes total pigs of themselves. The INDIAN FEAST contrasts agreeably with the Ukrainian visuals. EVOCATIVE BOLLYWOOD MUSIC PROVIDES THE SOUNDTRAC Kym, wandering on along the table like a nomad, wedges herself between Sidney and Rachel. Emma grabs an empty wi glass before Kym knocks it over.
21) 13) dialog: Is it because you owe them money?
21) 21) dialog: Kieran would you like some more Saag Paneer?
21) 24) text: Emma blinks.
21) 27) dialog: And here I was thinking tonight was about Rachel!
21) 112) text: TIME CUT -- Emma rises and bangs her glass with her spoon shatters.
21) 115) dialog: Of course. I'd like to make a toast to the happy couple because I want to come visit them in Hawaii.
21) 142) dialog: I've known the bride her entire life. Not biblically, except for that one time we french kissed at Evan Yassky's party in the ninth grade.
21) 146) dialog: Commence embarrassing story.
21) 150) dialog: Rach, do you remember the time I was teaching you to drive in the Wagoneer and you sideswiped that taxi driver and knocked off his side mirror?
21) 154) dialog: Do you remember trying to outrun him and leading him on a high speed chase across 96th street?
21) 166) dialog: Well I would like to share with everyone that Miss Rachel-before she got her license or even had any idea how to drive- out maneuvered an irate, screaming cab driver across 96th street to the East river, handily avoiding two EMT guys loading an old lady on a gurney, while at the same time, applying Cocofudge Lip Gloss in the rearview mirror.
21) 168) dialog: Wait, wait. She actually got the number of one of the E.M.T guys and went out with him. Twice.
21) 171) dialog: Anyway, when the taxi driver finally caught up with us, Rachel talked him down from his Middle Eastern fury in pretend Farsi, and ended up using his radio thing to call his dispatcher and recommend this guy for a commendation.
21) 175) dialog: We were driving so fast! It was one of the more exhilarating moments in my life...sadly...but I knew that Miss Rachel would make it okay. So here's to you, my dear, dear friend. A woman who can drive fast, pick up a paramedic, make up languages and get you home in one piece. Sidney, you are a lucky bastard.
21) 186) text: Kym rises with her glass and takes Emma's place on stage. glows in the candlelight.
23) 1) text: Kym drops into a chair in the dining room as Paul, Carol, Rachel, Sidney, Kieran, and Emma struggle in with several elaborately wrapped wedding gifts and leftovers from the rehearsal dinner, which they pile on the dining room tabl
23) 26) text: Sidney and Emma share a look. Rachel drops the dictionary on the dining room table.
23) 149) text: Paul hugs Rachel and kisses her hair. Sidney and Kieran h Emma hugs Rachel and kisses Sidney. Hugging all around. K is pissed. Paul grabs Kym and Rachel, and hugs both daugh at once. Rachel and Kym's faces are mushed right next to other. Kym is impatient and stiff in the dreaded double m
31) 0) text: Paul, Rachel, Emma, Sidney, and Norman Sklear are sprawle the porch eating sandwiches and figuring out the seating arrangement for the wedding by manipulating tiny origami chickens, a tiny turtle, Monopoly pieces, spools of threa etc...each with a small name tag. Paul sees Kieran's rental pull up, grins, and calls to Carol...
31) 61) dialog: Oops. That's nine. I thought you were having tables of eight?
32) 25) text: They look at each other. The screen door swings open as Emma, Carol, Sidney, Kiera and Norman Sklear carry the lunch plates to the kitchen. follows, carrying the salt shaker.
32) 79) text: Paul is loading the dishwasher like a champ. Carol and Emma are smiling and giggling.
41) 1) text: The room is piled high with boxes overflowing with tulle flowers and glassware. Carol, Sidney, Rachel, Kieran and are seated around the cheerless dining room table, pickin the dinner in front of them...even Emma appears to have g up. She is drinking a lot of wine. Paul returns to the ta
41) 16) text: Emma gives Rachel's arm a squeeze.
41) 18) dialog: I'll take it.
47) 1) text: Rachel and Emma are curled up in the middle of the bed, s style, with clothes still on. Emma is behind Rachel, lost the world, gently snoring. Rachel's eyes are wide open. Carol swings the door cautiously open and peers inside. Rachel and Carol look at each other for a long time. Caro withdraws, closing the door behind her.
49) 47) dialog: (in a helium voice)                                 Oh. My. God.                                           
54) 2) text: SFX: LIVE MUSIC -- "Here Comes The Bride" on distant elec guitar and drums plus foreground violin and gently chante "Rachel's" and "Sidney's" by the assembled friends. Emma's smiling face fills the frame as the ceremony begin Bridesmaids Emma, Kayra Williams, Victoria, and - -
54) 13) text: They reach the altar of blossoms. Rachel kisses her dad's cheek and he hugs her. Things are set up so that Rachel a Sidney stand just inside the living room, facing the beautiful backyard. Kym reaches for Rachel's bouquet but Rachel has handed it Emma by reflex. Kym tries to cover her gesture. Rachel and Sidney join hands.
56) 17) text: With nowhere else to stand, Abby lays her fingers lightly Kym's wrist. Emma's AUNT JOYCE, a cool professional photo SNAPS THE PICTURE.
57) 1) text: The tent is fairly packed now with about 60-SOME ODD PEOP Everybody is getting along fine. With a single dramatic gesture, Norman Sklear silences the band. Upon Norman's instructions, the drummer works his cymbals in such a way that the party-goers realize that something big is about happen. Norman Sklear now gestures for complete silence a he gets it. Rachel and Emma grin madly at each other.
57) 5) text: Rachel leaps from her chair into Sidney's arms and he giv her a huge, sexy kiss as he rubs her tummy. Wedding guest scream with delight and rush to the floor. The drummers become more   impassioned with every beat. T travel allover the dance   floor, a trail of guests behin them. Sweat is dripping,   the girls are glistening wet, guests are pulled into a   massive pulsing heartbeat on t dance floor. Emma, Kayra and Victoria are dancing together screaming u Cousin Joseph, Matt and another male friend muscle their in.
57) 18) text: Carol stands quietly besides Paul and takes his hand and whispers to him. Though not dancing, they are clearly enjoying the carnival. Paul gives a little shimmy. Abby and Andrew are huddled together at a table, talking intensely. It's like they are blind to the spectacle. Kieran offers his hand to Kym. She leaps up, spilling her flowers. Kieran pulls her to the middle of the crowd. The circle each other. They come together almost violently an dance like there's no tomorrow. Kym's head is thrown back Shoulders heaving, Kieran swings her around by the waist. SFX: DRUMMERS DRIVING THE PARTY FASTER AND FASTER. Emma shimmies wildly with her partner, her hair a mess.
58) 3) text: An assorted bunch of guests have relocated to the poolsid patio in their finery. The oxygen guy and his matronly wi are seated on a transplanted living room couch, talking intently to a be-feathered headdressed Dancer. Norman Sklear and Emma are sharing a stylish, quietly triumphant slow dance, whispering punctuated by gusts of laughter. Angela Paylin is out there too. Little kids are running around the lawn and a few are pla with OLIVE the Dog. Kym kneels at the far corner of the swimming pool, unnoti by anyone. A wooden serving tray floats on the surface of water, supporting a candle wrapped in rice paper. A coupl smaller candles surround the slightly larger one. Kym lig the candles, extinguishes the match, gently slides the illuminated tray out towards the center of the pool, watc Kym rises and walks towards the house, looking for someth
64) 1) text: As Kym approaches the stairs, Emma staggers into the hall bleary-eyed. She is in her underwear, heading for the bathroom. She stops at the sight of Kym. They stare at ea other. Emma gives a tiny wave. Kym responds, heads down t stairs.