17) 1) text: Fiancee SIDNEY, sexy, compact, thirties, and best man KIE are stringing lights all over the house and yard. Kieran on a ladder. He is the same ATTRACTIVE GUY from the meeti Sidney is completely wrapped, chest to knees, in twinkly white lights and he unspools himself as needed. Rachel arrives with Kym who is holding the aircraft carrier size meatloaf sandwich that's oozing lettuce and ketchup and t enormous glass of milk. She holds them both like they're suspended in formaldehyde. Emma is working on her tan.
17) 14) dialog: I thought she said Panty Hose. Or Panda Claws.
17) 40) text: Kym looks up the ladder at Kieran.
17) 44) dialog: Hi there.
18) 1) text: Kym and Kieran, having SEX in the cavernous basement. It runs practically the length of the house and there are no and caves everywhere. An ancient sofa, riddled with cigarette burns, some futons, dragged down and thrown haphazardly in corners, Unicorn posters hideously and pornographically defaced, and squat jars of ancient house products (Oil of Olay, self tanner) filled with cigarette butts offer proof of years of inhabitation. LATER -- Kym lights up.
18) 2) dialog: Well, that was so wrong --
18) 6) dialog: No, believe me, that was so lovely, LOVELY! But in the program -- as you know -- and we just heard earlier today in fact --
18) 18) dialog: I thought...isn't Emma going to be playing that role?
18) 21) dialog: "Maid of Honor"?
18) 25) dialog: I think I heard that was the plan.
21) 23) dialog: No thanks. Is there any krill?
21) 25) dialog: Just kidding.
21) 43) dialog: Huge liability.
21) 45) dialog: Was. For about five minutes.
21) 47) dialog: Tort.
21) 49) dialog: I help Sidney out with the business side of his stuff.
21) 111) dialog: (something like) I've known Sidney most of my life. He personifies many of life's grandest cliches, even as he breathes fresh life into most of them. He has never, ever "ceased to amaze me," and only in the best of ways. The magnitude of his artistry and his business acumen are matters of public record and delight. He's been a great friend "through thick and thin," and sometimes it's gotten very, very thin -- but he "stood by me" at all times, so it is my privilege and honor to stand by him on this profound occasion...
21) 126) dialog: A-Pu-Aa-Aa.
21) 135) text: Sidney kisses Kieran on the cheek.
21) 221) text: Kieran stares sympathetically at Kym.
23) 1) text: Kym drops into a chair in the dining room as Paul, Carol, Rachel, Sidney, Kieran, and Emma struggle in with several elaborately wrapped wedding gifts and leftovers from the rehearsal dinner, which they pile on the dining room tabl
23) 50) text: Sidney and Kieran, staying out of this, exchange a glance
23) 149) text: Paul hugs Rachel and kisses her hair. Sidney and Kieran h Emma hugs Rachel and kisses Sidney. Hugging all around. K is pissed. Paul grabs Kym and Rachel, and hugs both daugh at once. Rachel and Kym's faces are mushed right next to other. Kym is impatient and stiff in the dreaded double m
23) 223) dialog: Wow. That's it for me too, you guys. Good night everybody.
23) 224) text: Kieran lays a manly, buddy hug on Sidney.
23) 226) dialog: Congratulations, man.
23) 229) text: Kieran leaves. Now it's just Rachel, Paul and Sidney. Pau beaming like a klieg light.
24) 0) text: Kieran and Kym lie entangled in the basement, sharing a cigarette, disheveled. The floor of this entire section o the basement is now covered with all of the carefully arranged mattresses and futons that were stacked down her before. All of Kym's mismatched bags have been moved down here too. There's a little lamp there now as well but it' not on. Only one of the small, cobwebby windows casts a dappled light onto the scene.
24) 2) dialog: She probably didn't realize she was doing it.
24) 4) dialog: They're lucky to have you.
24) 7) dialog: (laughing) No argument from me.
24) 19) dialog: Not unlike this great nation in which we live.
24) 23) dialog: You can't actually speak in Sanskrit.
24) 26) dialog: I did that in soup once. It made such a mess.
26) 1) text: Kym leads Kieran through the labyrinthine rooms of the basement giving Kieran a guided tour of the subterranean world of which she was the ruler and where Ethan was her loyal companion -- the secret hide-and-seek rooms, the mattress room, the scary little side rooms, etc...
29) 10) text: Kym and Kieran are playing Foosball at the ancient table where someone has painted Jamaican jerseys on all the players. They are both viciously competitive and genuinel irritated with each other.
29) 12) dialog: Your hand is on the turf.
29) 16) dialog: The turf. The table.
29) 19) dialog: So we have to do it over now. It was your shot and you get to do it over.
29) 21) dialog: Don't tell me you didn't know having one hand on the turf makes the play null.
29) 25) dialog: Sometimes playing next to each other is easier than playing together.
29) 27) dialog: My mom. She runs a pre-school.
29) 38) dialog: You've never been?
29) 42) dialog: It's beautiful. I've got a nice place. My horse lives there.
29) 44) dialog: I live there and so does my horse. He's very possessive. We're working through it.
29) 46) dialog: Yes. I may be a degenerate dope fiend but I love my horse. I don't have a wife or a girlfriend and I've been clean almost seven years. You could just ask, you know. Your sister doesn't ask direct questions either. She's incredibly cryptic.
30) 1) text: Kym is sharing at today's "12 Step" meeting. Kieran, the others, listen intently.
31) 0) text: Paul, Rachel, Emma, Sidney, and Norman Sklear are sprawle the porch eating sandwiches and figuring out the seating arrangement for the wedding by manipulating tiny origami chickens, a tiny turtle, Monopoly pieces, spools of threa etc...each with a small name tag. Paul sees Kieran's rental pull up, grins, and calls to Carol...
31) 3) text: Carol emerges with a tray of lemonade as the rental is rolling to a stop. Kieran and Kym are climbing out of the car...
31) 15) dialog: (shouting back) I was just thinking Salad Nicoise!
31) 28) text: Kieran and Kym arrive on the porch. Kym settles herself o big comfy chaise.
32) 30) dialog: (to Carol) He's not kidding.
32) 77) dialog: (delightedly) He's breakin' out the whup ass!
32) 80) text: Kieran has his eye on the clock. Sidney trash talks from the sidelines.
32) 96) dialog: You have twenty-five seconds.
41) 1) text: The room is piled high with boxes overflowing with tulle flowers and glassware. Carol, Sidney, Rachel, Kieran and are seated around the cheerless dining room table, pickin the dinner in front of them...even Emma appears to have g up. She is drinking a lot of wine. Paul returns to the ta
41) 5) text: KIERAN (gently) Excuse me, but when you're trying to get better there's a lot of pressure in rehabs... when someone isn't ready to take responsibility they create something, like an Uncle Stan, to take responsibility until they're ready. PAUL (hollow) Well, she's always been creative. CAROL I just wish we knew where she was. SIDNEY Paul, Would you like me to go out and look for her?
41) 8) text: KIERAN I'll go. I'm...I'll go. Any idea where she might have gone?
41) 9) text: Everybody looks at Kieran. No one responds. The phone rin Carol goes to get it. Everybody waits. CAROL It's the caterer.
41) 24) text: Kieran, looking drawn under the fluorescent lights, stand inside the Jamaican restaurant staring out at the night.
46) 1) text: Paul, Kieran, and Sidney are seated around the family roo Paul and Sidney are drinking red wine, Kieran something e An empty bottle is in front of them and Sidney is uncorki fresh one.
46) 11) text: Sidney and Kieran chuckle appreciatively. Paul joins the laughter, pours some more wine.
50) 1) text: Kieran is in the living room on his cell phone when he sp Kym. Behind him we see Norman Sklear, Matt and Innbo remo the last of the living room furniture to the rear patio.
50) 2) dialog: Holy shit. (into the phone) She just showed up. Yes. Thank you. (to Kym) Do you need a doctor?
50) 6) dialog: For your dad. Mostly for your dad.
50) 26) dialog: Okay. I'm so glad to see you.
54) 1) text: THE CEREMONY -- Guests, some standing, some in white chai The living room is festooned with wall to wall flowers. A canopy of cherry blossoms leads from the living room terr to the opened living room doors. Sidney, looking stunning a dove grey Nehru suit and a lavender pocket square, wait the altar with groomsmen Kieran, Norman Sklear, and Cousi Joseph (now wearing full dress U.S. Army uniform)... and officiating JUDGE CASTLE.
56) 40) text: She drags Paul to the temporary poolside patio dance floo Paul is a fantastic dancer! Sidney drags his dad to the d floor. He's dramatic and weird! Abby smiles politely at K and goes to sit down with Andrew. Kieran spirits Kym to t patio, where they join the dancers.
57) 18) text: Carol stands quietly besides Paul and takes his hand and whispers to him. Though not dancing, they are clearly enjoying the carnival. Paul gives a little shimmy. Abby and Andrew are huddled together at a table, talking intensely. It's like they are blind to the spectacle. Kieran offers his hand to Kym. She leaps up, spilling her flowers. Kieran pulls her to the middle of the crowd. The circle each other. They come together almost violently an dance like there's no tomorrow. Kym's head is thrown back Shoulders heaving, Kieran swings her around by the waist. SFX: DRUMMERS DRIVING THE PARTY FASTER AND FASTER. Emma shimmies wildly with her partner, her hair a mess.
57) 22) text: Kieran and Kym have their foreheads together and their ey closed, chests heaving.
57) 26) text: Kieran and Kym glued together.
59) 23) text: Suddenly Kieran sweeps into the room.
59) 25) dialog: You can run but you can't hide!
59) 26) text: Kym shrieks as Kieran grabs her and plants a wet one on h dipping her to the floor. They careen into Sidney and Rac Sidney grabs Rachel and starts molesting her.
59) 49) text: Kieran is busting a gut not to laugh.
62) 3) text: Kieran is talking and smoking with Sidney at the end of t lawn.
65) 1) text: Kieran is there.
65) 4) dialog: Making a break for it?
65) 15) dialog: You don't have to slip away without making any noise, you know? I like noise.
65) 18) dialog: ...Okay...If you need anything...
65) 20) text: Kieran hands Kym a folded piece of paper.
65) 22) dialog: No. If you ever need anything.
65) 25) dialog: Maybe you'll come visit me in Hawaii?