17) 1) text: Fiancee SIDNEY, sexy, compact, thirties, and best man KIE are stringing lights all over the house and yard. Kieran on a ladder. He is the same ATTRACTIVE GUY from the meeti Sidney is completely wrapped, chest to knees, in twinkly white lights and he unspools himself as needed. Rachel arrives with Kym who is holding the aircraft carrier size meatloaf sandwich that's oozing lettuce and ketchup and t enormous glass of milk. She holds them both like they're suspended in formaldehyde. Emma is working on her tan.
17) 12) dialog: Oh. I thought you said Satan Claus.
17) 23) dialog: No biggie.
17) 26) dialog: Usually I do, but Mom's out simonizing my car. Funny, you don't look like Lucifer's Cupbearer.
20) 18) text: Paul, Carol, a few of Paul's closest record biz friends (including a CULT LUMINARY or two); MR. AND MRS. WILLIAMS (Sidney's mom and dad), sister KAYRA, grandmother HERREAS and cousin JOSEPH GONZALES (in US Army dress uniform, hom leave from Iraq) blend easily with the younger crowd. Cou Joseph is always filming with his own CAMCORDER.
20) 19) text: QUICK CUTS -- other rehearsal moments such as a TEENAGED GUITAR/DRUMS DUO blowing out "Here Comes The Bride"; Gaid Arabic wedding song; UKRAINIAN AL (the in-house music director) getting the women to chant "Rachel" and the men chant "Sidney" ancient European-stylee; ZAFER TEE's exquisitely heartbreaking improvised violin solo; DORIAN LOVEJOY's Rachel/Sidney FREESTYLE RAP, etc. delivering to breathtaking saxophone solo entitled "Sidney loves Rachel (the real) DONALD HARRISON JR.
21) 0) text: THE DINNER-- The forty-odd guests are now seated in an adjoining room at LONG TABLES laden with a GORGEOUS INDIA FEAST. Yellow rice, red curry, vivid green and orange vegetable dishes, pink shrimp. Huge plates of Dosa and Brinjal. Candles flicker in lanterns shaped like lotuses. PHOTOGENICALLY STYLISH YOUNG SERVERS dressed elegantly in black and white hover around the family and friends as everybody makes total pigs of themselves. The INDIAN FEAST contrasts agreeably with the Ukrainian visuals. EVOCATIVE BOLLYWOOD MUSIC PROVIDES THE SOUNDTRAC Kym, wandering on along the table like a nomad, wedges herself between Sidney and Rachel. Emma grabs an empty wi glass before Kym knocks it over.
21) 16) dialog: She called a few times. She's "running a little late but should be here soon."
21) 28) dialog: Rach, I forgot to tell you, Carol got the helium tanks.
21) 42) dialog: Only on public property. I think. K?
21) 124) dialog: Humuu-humuu Nukku-nukuu...
21) 135) text: Sidney kisses Kieran on the cheek.
21) 143) dialog: Film! I want film!
21) 176) dialog: Hear hear.
21) 194) text: Some guests laugh. Sidney grins. Carol, Paul, Rachel, and Abby sit silently. Andrew moves in towards his wife.
23) 1) text: Kym drops into a chair in the dining room as Paul, Carol, Rachel, Sidney, Kieran, and Emma struggle in with several elaborately wrapped wedding gifts and leftovers from the rehearsal dinner, which they pile on the dining room tabl
23) 2) text: Rachel and Sidney are having a quiet, tense exchange.
23) 26) text: Sidney and Emma share a look. Rachel drops the dictionary on the dining room table.
23) 50) text: Sidney and Kieran, staying out of this, exchange a glance
23) 144) text: Dead silence. Everyone stares at Rachel. Rachel looks at Sidney. Sidney passes the look right back to her.
23) 149) text: Paul hugs Rachel and kisses her hair. Sidney and Kieran h Emma hugs Rachel and kisses Sidney. Hugging all around. K is pissed. Paul grabs Kym and Rachel, and hugs both daugh at once. Rachel and Kym's faces are mushed right next to other. Kym is impatient and stiff in the dreaded double m
23) 153) dialog: Roughly about the day before we decided to get married.
23) 168) dialog: She was so happy--
23) 173) dialog: Or a nephew!
23) 180) dialog: Yeah, okay. Great idea. I'm beat too.
23) 195) dialog: She's not serious?
23) 199) dialog: She wasn't serious, was she?
23) 216) text: Sidney intones the opening bars to Paul's heroic "DISHWAS THEME". Paul raises the Cautionary Finger in Sidney's direction. Sidney stops with the music.
23) 224) text: Kieran lays a manly, buddy hug on Sidney.
23) 228) dialog: Thanks, my friend.
23) 229) text: Kieran leaves. Now it's just Rachel, Paul and Sidney. Pau beaming like a klieg light.
23) 246) text: Sidney mushes Paul and they attempt a hug and laugh and t they really hug.
31) 0) text: Paul, Rachel, Emma, Sidney, and Norman Sklear are sprawle the porch eating sandwiches and figuring out the seating arrangement for the wedding by manipulating tiny origami chickens, a tiny turtle, Monopoly pieces, spools of threa etc...each with a small name tag. Paul sees Kieran's rental pull up, grins, and calls to Carol...
31) 25) dialog: Just so you know, my mother expects to be carried in by liveried servants to the triumphant swirls of the harp and seated on a solid gold throne forged by nuns.
32) 25) text: They look at each other. The screen door swings open as Emma, Carol, Sidney, Kiera and Norman Sklear carry the lunch plates to the kitchen. follows, carrying the salt shaker.
32) 28) dialog: Paul! Paul, listen, I've been thinking about it. I did some preliminary sketches, I'd love to show them to you...
32) 40) dialog: And I think if you move the salad bowls to the upper tier you can get about 10% more stuff in the dishwasher.
32) 43) text: Paul gives him a look. Sidney starts humming PAUL'S DISHWASHER THEME.
32) 46) dialog: Sir, with all due respect, the mantle has passed.
32) 47) text: Paul takes a moment to size Sidney up then spins on his h to the dishwasher.
32) 55) dialog: Are you comfortable with that, sir? I could spot you thirty seconds.
32) 63) dialog: You see Paul, I think your problem lies in lid placement.
32) 72) dialog: Observe.
32) 73) text: With a flourish, Sidney presents a beautifully stacked dishwasher. Paul pats his shoulder somberly.
32) 77) dialog: (delightedly) He's breakin' out the whup ass!
32) 80) text: Kieran has his eye on the clock. Sidney trash talks from the sidelines.
32) 81) dialog: You know one of the early signs of senile dementia is an obsessive need to organize.
32) 84) dialog: I find it touching but ultimately sad when the warriors of yesteryear are reluctant to lay down their plastic containers from Zabar's and retire gracefully.
32) 100) dialog: What? No way!
34) 5) text: KYM Yeah, exactly! Candles and rice paper -- all lit up during the ceremony. It's a way of honoring Ethan, Ethan's... spirit, you know? It will look really nice too, mainly. Millions of little candles all over the place, and one huge rice paper candle - representing Ethan - glowing near the couple. That would be you and Sidney. RACHEL Oh my god, no. Don't. Just don't. That would kill Dad. And Mom. And me. And everybody. Please, Kym, please please please don't do that.
41) 1) text: The room is piled high with boxes overflowing with tulle flowers and glassware. Carol, Sidney, Rachel, Kieran and are seated around the cheerless dining room table, pickin the dinner in front of them...even Emma appears to have g up. She is drinking a lot of wine. Paul returns to the ta
41) 3) text: Rachel stabs her dessert with her fork. Her head is on Sidney's shoulder, she looks pale and exhausted.
41) 5) text: KIERAN (gently) Excuse me, but when you're trying to get better there's a lot of pressure in rehabs... when someone isn't ready to take responsibility they create something, like an Uncle Stan, to take responsibility until they're ready. PAUL (hollow) Well, she's always been creative. CAROL I just wish we knew where she was. SIDNEY Paul, Would you like me to go out and look for her?
41) 6) text: Rachel takes Sidney's hand.
46) 1) text: Paul, Kieran, and Sidney are seated around the family roo Paul and Sidney are drinking red wine, Kieran something e An empty bottle is in front of them and Sidney is uncorki fresh one.
46) 11) text: Sidney and Kieran chuckle appreciatively. Paul joins the laughter, pours some more wine.
54) 1) text: THE CEREMONY -- Guests, some standing, some in white chai The living room is festooned with wall to wall flowers. A canopy of cherry blossoms leads from the living room terr to the opened living room doors. Sidney, looking stunning a dove grey Nehru suit and a lavender pocket square, wait the altar with groomsmen Kieran, Norman Sklear, and Cousi Joseph (now wearing full dress U.S. Army uniform)... and officiating JUDGE CASTLE.
54) 2) text: SFX: LIVE MUSIC -- "Here Comes The Bride" on distant elec guitar and drums plus foreground violin and gently chante "Rachel's" and "Sidney's" by the assembled friends. Emma's smiling face fills the frame as the ceremony begin Bridesmaids Emma, Kayra Williams, Victoria, and - -
54) 11) text: Kym in her dress with her striped hair, split lip and bla eye, trying to find her game face. The wedding guests are slack-jawed. Mrs. Williams (Sidney's mom) looks like she' passing a stone.
54) 13) text: They reach the altar of blossoms. Rachel kisses her dad's cheek and he hugs her. Things are set up so that Rachel a Sidney stand just inside the living room, facing the beautiful backyard. Kym reaches for Rachel's bouquet but Rachel has handed it Emma by reflex. Kym tries to cover her gesture. Rachel and Sidney join hands.
55) 1) text: Rachel and Sidney are saying their vows.
55) 3) dialog: I always just wanted to hear music, and when I met you I heard you. You are the most beautiful thing I've ever heard. Thanks for marrying me.
55) 10) text: Rachel is crying. Sidney takes his pocket square and carefully dries her tears.
55) 14) dialog: For you. (to Rachel's stomach) And you...ahem... (sings)
55) 43) text: Rachel and Sidney are serving second helpings to their friends.
56) 6) text: Rachel and Sidney are cutting the cake.
56) 7) dialog: Is this mocha? Or chocolate?
56) 10) dialog: Okay, Mom.
56) 12) text: Rachel licks the frosting off Sidney's finger then gives mom a big wholesome smile.
56) 15) text: Reshuffling as Sidney, his parents, Kayra, and Rachel, Pa Carol and Kym each place a hand on the silver cake knife.
56) 27) dialog: Dear God, bless this family and let them always invite us for dinner because my new wife can't boil water or fry an egg. La Chaim.
56) 40) text: She drags Paul to the temporary poolside patio dance floo Paul is a fantastic dancer! Sidney drags his dad to the d floor. He's dramatic and weird! Abby smiles politely at K and goes to sit down with Andrew. Kieran spirits Kym to t patio, where they join the dancers.
56) 56) text: Everybody is spruced and rested. Rachel and Sidney have changed into awesome party outfits.
57) 5) text: Rachel leaps from her chair into Sidney's arms and he giv her a huge, sexy kiss as he rubs her tummy. Wedding guest scream with delight and rush to the floor. The drummers become more   impassioned with every beat. T travel allover the dance   floor, a trail of guests behin them. Sweat is dripping,   the girls are glistening wet, guests are pulled into a   massive pulsing heartbeat on t dance floor. Emma, Kayra and Victoria are dancing together screaming u Cousin Joseph, Matt and another male friend muscle their in.
57) 7) text: Rachel and Sidney are practically doing it on the dance floor. A Brazilian beauty shimmies over to them, her headdress bobbing, her smile enormous.
57) 15) text: Sidney immediately puts his head on her bosom. After a be Rachel does too, laughing.
57) 21) text: Rachel and Sidney are bathed in sweat, kissing. Sidney is gulping champagne.
57) 27) text: Rachel tossing her hair wildly, Sidney behind her.
58) 2) text: "Rachel Loves Sidney" is being played in a mellow, super- romantic trumpet solo mode now by Christian Scott.
59) 10) text: where she finds Rachel and Sidney slow dancing alone and dreamy in the center of the darkened room, the walls stil covered with the ceremonial flowers. A single candle flic nearby.
59) 14) text: Rachel has her head on Sidney's shoulder, her eyes closed
59) 26) text: Kym shrieks as Kieran grabs her and plants a wet one on h dipping her to the floor. They careen into Sidney and Rac Sidney grabs Rachel and starts molesting her.
59) 29) text: Rachel and Sidney fall to the floor writhing, sounding wa too amorous. Then:
59) 48) dialog: (from the floor) Hello Abby. You're lovely. And I'm not looking up your skirt.
59) 110) dialog: Goodbye Abby.
59) 114) dialog: (horrified) I saw your mother's underwear.
62) 3) text: Kieran is talking and smoking with Sidney at the end of t lawn.