7) 0) text: The entire ape community is here, urgently loading up the horses, preparing for the imminent exodus. HEADS TURN as CAESAR makes his way through the crowd; clutching a rifle one hand and holding his little son's hand in the other, fixed ahead as he crosses to -- LAKE, who stands by her horse, surrounded by Maurice, Luc and Rocket on theirs. Caesar looks at Lake. He seems stoi but his eyes belie heartbreak, and something deeper... tremendous rage:
8) 0) text: Caesar rides alone, rifle in hand, the sound of the ape exodus now barely audible in the distance. Suddenly, he hears RUSTLING behind him. He turns, stops, alert. As the sound gets closer, we recognize the CLOP OF HOOVES -- the MAURICE, ROCKET, and LUCA appear, riding out of the trees They come to a halt, eyes on Caesar. Caesar returns a har look, shakes his head. But Luca is undeterred:
10) 0) text: The faces of the apes slowly appear, gazing warily in at Caesar and Rocket have their guns drawn.
12) 10) text: A PAIR OF TURNCOAT APES walk into view -- the binoculars follow them as they cross to an area where LARGE GROUPS O SOLDIERS are gathered around CAMP FIRES; as the apes begi dutifully pouring drink into the humans' cups, one turns toward us -- we recognize him as RED. The apes watch Caesar peering; when suddenly his expressi hardens. He slowly lowers the glasses, anger burning...
12) 12) text: Beside Red, the OTHER APE HAS TURNED TOWARD US, serving t humans... As Luca FOCUSES, we recognize him, as Caesar whispers his name ominously:
14) 0) text: Winter digs under a supply table for a new bowl. Rising, catches his reflection in a grimy mirror over a wash basi He hesitates, maybe suffering a crisis of conscience -- w he sees A REFLECTED FACE lurking in the shadows behind hi He spins to see CAESAR standing there, motionless, starin Panicked, Winter turns for the exit -- but LUCA is there, blocking escape. Turns the other way -- and there's ROCKE Winter's eyes widen as Caesar takes a slow step toward hi
15) 0) text: Tense silence. The apes and Girl sit by a fire, isolated the trees; Maurice studies Caesar's face as he gazes into flames, deeply unsettled. Then Maurice turns to the other who look equally plagued. Finally, Rocket turns to Mauric
19) 0) text: The apes arrive, slowing their horses as they come upon - AN ENORMOUS, ABANDONED VICTORIAN HOTEL, built into the mountainside. An old sign reads: The Inn at Deer Creek. The stolen horse wanders rider-less on the snowy front la The apes cautiously dismount, drawing their weapons... As they approach, a SHADOW SUDDENLY BOLTS from behind one of buildings, dashing into the main lodge -- The apes all exchange looks; then raise their guns as we
21) 0) text: The Girl steps out alone onto the deserted porch, still wearing Bad Ape's parka. As she clutches herself against cold, something catches her eye; she looks up overhead at PINK FLOWERS of a perennial dogwood tree, poking through snow -- the only color in an otherwise stark white world. With the muffled crunch of hooves, Luca and Rocket appear guiding the four horses toward the porch. Luca notices the Girl staring up at the branch of flowers He watches a moment, then moves toward her... and reaches long arm up, snapping off a small piece of the branch. The Girl observes as Luca bends down, his massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slips the flowers behind her ear. She smiles. He blinks back at her sweetly, when -- Caesar and Maurice emerge onto the porch. Luca quickly straightens, resuming his tough guy demeanor. Maurice lowers next to the Girl, and she hops on his back He moves to his horse, and climbs up with her. Caesar, Rocket and Luca mount up as well, when -- -- the front door SQUEAKS open; they turn to see Bad Ape stepping out to join them. He wears boots, an old wool blanket on his shoulders, and a striped toque on his head
23) 0) text: The group have left the trail, moving through dense fores Caesar watches Bad Ape who peers anxiously ahead... to wh SUNLIGHT spills in at the edge of the woods. Bad Ape turn to meet Caesar's eyes, fearful:
23) 36) text: BREATHING HARD (O.S.), MOVING toward the CLIFF'S EDGE -- massive guard tower reaches up from the canyon beyond it ON CAESAR, air steaming from his nose; he SLOWS, SEEING - THE TWELVE MYSTERIOUS X-SHAPED STRUCTURES looming ahead - As he approaches we can suddenly start to make out DARK F STRAPPED to them...? Caesar's expression moves from confusion... to dawning horror as he realizes: the forms appear to be APES. He picks up speed again, rushing towar them, their backs to us -- it's unclear whether the forms dead or alive... Finally reaching the line of crosses at the edge of the cliff, he finds a GROUP OF APES, all semi-conscious, struggling to breathe, bound to Xs by their hands and fee Reeling, Caesar whips his head from ape to ape, trying to make sense of this -- when he HEARS A DREADFUL MURMUR RIS from the canyon; heart racing, he spins, staggering towar the edge to PEER DOWN --
26) 0) text: Caesar labors, just another slave in the sea of apes pass brutally heavy boulders to be laid into the growing wall, Soldiers keep GUNS trained on them. Caesar squints out at even more apes perched dangerously on the rock shelf abov the tanker cars, quarrying for the stones. Beside him, Lake heaves another boulder; Caesar peers pas her at the apes around them; they look WEARY, GAUNT; on t framework above, EXHAUSTED apes -- Ape Elder among them - battle to lift boulders on ropes. Lake sees the anguish o Caesar's face as he takes in the suffering, she signs:
27) 2) text: Interfere with the work again, and I'll begin slaughtering the apes, one by one. Understand? I need that wall. He looks up coldly at Caesar, then nods at Preacher: that all -- they start to lead Caesar out, but he won't go yet CAESAR
27) 3) text: Apes... need food... water. THE COLONEL
27) 45) text: This place used to be a weapons depot. They turned it into a relocation camp when the crisis was just beginning. But the weapons are all still here, inside that mountain. (a beat) This is a holy war. All of human history has led to this moment. And if we lose, we'll be the last of our kind. It will be a planet of apes. And we'll become your cattle. Caesar just stares, unsettled; they hold each other's eye THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 48) text: Probably all of them. Don't get any ideas -- only thing they fear more than me is you apes. They never questioned my methods when it came to you. He moves closer, looking at Caesar's face, his tone quiet THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 59) text: What do you think my men would've done to your apes... if you had killed me? Caesar looks up at the Colonel. The Colonel holds Caesar' angry stare as he starts slowly forward:
28) 0) text: Caesar waits grimly at the base of the platform, as Red unshackles his hands; Preacher stands guard, the X loomin Caesar looks up to discover APES gathered at the bars of their pen, unseen by Red and Preacher, whose backs are to them. Their starved faces are etched with worry for Caesa He softens, eyes settling on Lake's gentle gaze as Red continues to unshackle him. Concern fills Lake's eyes:
29) 0) text: Rocket leads as the group sneaks along the base of the wa They arrive at a spot where the wall has come down, steal look around the edge, peering into the camp... ...to see the apes in their pens, Caesar on the X, and between here and there, SOLDIERS on duty -- -- when suddenly they hear the sound of HOOVES approachin as a SOLDIER ON HORSEBACK exits the front gate on patrol, heading their way -- ! Panicked, THEY DASH ACROSS THE EXPANSE, heading for an OUTCROPPING OF LARGE ROCKS a hundred feet from the wall -
31) 3) text: We see the two apes and the light from their flashlight s to shrink from view -- REVEAL --
32) 4) text: Apes work on the wall in the distance, some HOISTING heav 12 ROCKET LAUNCHERS into place above -- when -- we HEAR a QUIET RUSTLING sound -- which continues as we PULL FOCUS the train rail in front of us, and begin PUSHING TOWARD I As we clear over the rail, we TIP DOWN to see the BALLAST GRAVEL under the tracks STARTING TO MOVE... The stones SHUDDER, and suddenly begin to FUNNEL DOWNWARD as we CUT
32) 17) text: No no no... no no no... She pauses, peering up for a moment at the immense wall. Then she looks back over her shoulder at Bad Ape -- he WA FOR HER TO COME BACK, NODDING desperately...
33) 0) text: Rocket and Maurice clamber urgently out behind Bad Ape, w stops at the edge of the rocks -- pointing frantically wi two fingers again and again at the opening in the barrier wall -- trying to sign:
34) 14) dialog: [Apes together strong.] A wave of emotion floods Caesar's face; and then he sees other Apes silently raising their fists too... Caesar is completely overcome as each and every one of them joins i A smile slowly surfaces on Caesar's face; you can almost his strength returning... The Girl follows Caesar's gaze to the Apes and their up- stretched hands; then turns back to Caesar. She uncertain raises her fists together too... smiling, proud of hersel
34) 29) text: [Good.   Then we can talk about escape.] He brings his fists together: "Apes together strong." Emotional, Caesar smiles, proud of his friend; as he brin his own fists together... PRE-LAP -- A LONE HUMAN VOICE SINGING OUT in gospel tones EXECUTIVE OFFICER (O.S.)
34) 33) text: For two years we've fought relentlessly against these beasts, and when we are done with them, we will bring an end to their kind. But now we find ourselves on the eve of battle... against our own kind. So you may ask: who is the real enemy, who are we fighting here? And I'll tell you. It's not the apes. It's not the men who are on their way here right now to altercate with us. The battle we've been waging all this time is against ourselves.
34) 43) text: Send him up to the quarry.    Alone. Red fastens shackles to Caesar's ankles and wrists, and l at Preacher, who is searching through his key rings -- he can't find the shackle key; suddenly nervous, his eyes da to the Colonel, as he continues searching in vain... Impatient, the Colonel calls out to Boyle who's passing b with the first groups of chained apes -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
36) 0) text: Maurice stares at the compass in his hand as Bad Ape watc holding the flashlight... finally, Maurice lifts his head and POINTS TO TWO DIFFERENT SPOTS ALONG THE TUNNEL WALL. Bad Ape nods eagerly, moves to one of the spots, and STAR TO DIG tentatively, looking to Maurice for approval; Maur nods, goes to the other spot, STARTS DIGGING as well.
37) 0) text: At gunpoint, apes roll MASSIVE SOPHISTICATED ARTILLERY ou the depot at the base of the mountain, and along the trai tracks toward the barrier wall...
37) 7) text: You know Kerna shoot apes tomorrow... when wall is done. Caesar's eyes shift briefly to Preacher's, who looks away Then he turns back to Red: CAESAR
37) 12) text: as the rest of the apes are prodded off the wall, the intimidating fortification now complete; REVEAL --
39) 0) text: Caesar waits alone, staring     tensely at the apes acros way, all huddled around the     hole, backs to us. Rocket suddenly breaks through the     crowd to report to Caesar has been anxiously awaiting     news. Rocket looks grave:
40) 0) text: MUD AND WATER GUSH IN through a WIDENING FISSURE in the w where Maurice had been digging -- Maurice and Bad Ape try desperately to plug the opening with earth and rocks...
41) 0) text: We hear QUIET APE GRUNTING -- Caesar stands pressed to th bars of his cage looking across to a large group of apes gathered at the edge of their pen, all eyes fixed on Caes
41) 1) text: The apes in mid-debate --
41) 17) text: Who did that?! The apes cower, shaking their heads, protesting innocence when SPLAT! Another WAD of muck smacks the side of his he BOYLE (CONT'D)
41) 19) text: You... Livid, he raises his gun, about to shoot -- when an ORANG HAND SEIZES HIS ANKLE from below and YANKS HIM DOWN INTO HOLE IN THE GROUND! The Apes all stare at the hole... And a moment later, BOYLE'S KEYS are TOSSED BACK UP. Rocket moves forward and snatches them up. He looks down into the hole at Maurice; they share a determined look; t Maurice HANDS HIM UP Boyle's RIFLE --
42) 18) text: (quietly paranoid) What's going on here? Caesar frowns at him, disquieted and perplexed... The Colonel's eyes dart suspiciously around him; he cranes hi neck to peer up through the falling snow at the guard tow but the angle is too steep to see if anyone is up there - A CLANK at his feet makes him look down... where he finds he's dropped his flask. He picks it up, looks at it as if having no memory of even bringing it out here. Suddenly self-conscious, he looks around at the apes in t pen, all staring back at him -- and then at Caesar. He slowly backs away, then turns, retreating through the darkness to his tower. Caesar watches him go, then turns to find Rocket and the other apes looking at him, confused. ROCKET
44) 0) text: Bad Ape clutches himself, shivering nervously in the wind when he hears a NOISE FROM BELOW; he looks down to see -- Nova leading the apes out of the tunnel, and pointing the the ladder toward Bad Ape; he smiles sweetly, reaching do to the frightened children as he WHISPERS:
44) 7) text: Go!   Go go go...! Nova climbs onto Maurice's back, and they rush off, leadi the little apes SINGLE FILE from behind the rocks, dashin out across an EXPOSED STRETCH OF FLATS under the cover of darkness -- and heading up into the mountain on the side the camp...
44) 18) text: And I still cannot escape mine. He took too much from me. After a long moment, he turns back to Rocket; Rocket nods his eyes now unexpectedly emotional. Caesar puts a hand around Rocket's head, pulls his forehead against his -- a final embrace. He pulls back, says softly:
44) 24) text: Through snowy haze, we can make out the cock-eyed headlig of A HUGE ARMADA OF MILITARY VEHICLES APPROACHING INEXORA -- their hulking shapes advancing across the frozen tundr As ALARMS SOUND all along the wall --
48) 0) text: We see Caesar about to climb out -- when he SEES the apes taking heavy fire from gunners on the wall! He freezes, terror-stricken, grappling for a way to save them -- when eyes lock on the TANKER CARS just beneath the wall -- He quickly turns from the window, charging back into the control room -- when -- A SUDDEN BANGING comes from the front door -- EXECUTIVE OFFICER (O.S.)
48) 7) text: Kill them, man!!!   Kill them all!!! REVEAL RED behind them, watching the apes under attack -- SOUND FADES as he gazes, unexpectedly disturbed by the si -- when A MUFFLED VOICE rises out of the silence -- GUNNER (O.S.) (CONT'D)