20) 16) dialog: Cold...? No one says anything. Bad Ape turns to Caesar. Holds out the parka, gesturing to the Girl with a tentative smile:
20) 17) dialog: Cold. Caesar stares hesitantly at Bad Ape and the ratty jacket. Finally, he reaches out, accepts it from Bad Ape's finger
20) 23) dialog: I see girl. Think... you human.   But you... apes. Like me! He smiles excitedly -- when he sees the Girl picking up a trinket from a pile: a glinting CHEVY NOVA CAR EMBLEM. He gently snatches it from her, kindly shakes his head no.
20) 25) dialog: (nodding quickly) Long time. Long, long time. He suddenly scurries away; puzzled, Caesar watches him as rummages through what looks like a little sleeping area. returns with a small STUFFED CROCODILE, hands it to Caesa
20) 26) dialog: (a wistful look) Home. Old home. Confused, Caesar looks down at the stuffed crocodile, fin embroidered on its belly: WORLD FAMOUS SIERRA ZOO. Caesar peers up at him, trying to make sense of this... t
20) 28) dialog: (shakes head) Dead. All dead. Long time. He looks at Caesar, growing solemn as he explains:
20) 29) dialog: Humans get sick... Apes get smart... Caesar nods, understanding he means the Simian Flu --
20) 33) dialog: Then humans kill apes. But not me... (grins, proud) Not me. I run.
20) 35) dialog: (nods) Listen to human... His face abruptly contorts into an "angry human" expressi he waves a chiding finger as he mimics:
20) 36) dialog: "Bad ape!    Bad ape!" Then, turning his head, he realizes the Girl has the shin Chevy Nova emblem again -- he reaches for it, possessive:
20) 37) dialog: (gently admonishes) No... No touch. She stares at it longingly as he sets it down. He looks b at the apes, smiles -- then rushes away for something els The apes all watch their excitable host, perplexed -- Mau turns to Caesar, signs an aside:
20) 39) dialog: Here! Eat, eat! (beaming) New friends. Special day. Bad Ape tears the top off one, starts eating the dehydrat food, nodding encouragingly for them to do the same. Caesar looks slowly down at the ration in his hand -- not an official military seal: "U.S. GOVERNMENT PROPERTY: CA
20) 45) dialog: Bad place. Very bad. I find. Long time ago. After zoo. Looking for food. Find human zoo. Zoo for sick. Engrossed, Caesar's eyes meet his... as Bad Ape continues
20) 46) dialog: Big walls. Sick humans try climb. Bad humans kill. Then get sick too. All dead now. All dead. Caesar and the others take this in, somehow haunted.   Th
20) 48) dialog: Soldiers. The posse looks to each other with rising intensity...
20) 52) dialog: (looks agog) Human zoo?! No... No go back there. Everyone dead. I come here. Safe here. Never go back! Caesar reaches out his hand, places it on Bad Ape's shoul
20) 57) dialog: No!     Can not take!   Can not take! Scared, he pushes Caesar's hand from his shoulder, a litt too hard -- Rocket GRABS him, incensed В­- but Caesar restrains Rocket, shakes his head no. Bad Ape shrinks in Rocket's grasp -- then sees something, and points despera to the little windows along the wall --
20) 58) dialog: Look! More snow! Can not go, must stay here. (to the others) Look, look! They all look to the massive lobby window to see it is in snowing hard now. Rocket finally releases Bad Ape.     He exhales, looks at with renewed optimism.
20) 59) dialog: You stay here. Eat. Rest. (smiles hopefully) With me. Caesar considers, reluctantly nods to the others. Bad Ape relieved -- when he sees the Girl staring longingly again the Nova emblem; he grabs it, hands it to her ceremonious
20) 60) dialog: Here.    You keep. He looks around, smiling at the apes for approval; the Gi gazes happily at the emblem, as with a WHISTLING HOWL, we
20) 68) dialog: Who is...? Caesar turns, startled to find Bad Ape watching him; Bad nods toward the Girl.
20) 69) dialog: Child.
20) 71) dialog: (confused) But she... with you? Caesar nods.
20) 73) dialog: I see you look at her. Just now. (turns back to Caesar) Look sad. But Caesar says nothing.       Bad Ape studies him; then
20) 74) dialog: You... have child? Caesar turns -- Bad Ape smiles sweetly, expectantly... bu Caesar just returns a withering look. Bad Ape falls silen Caesar looks away. Then, quietly, stoically:
20) 76) dialog: (quietly struck) Oh... Soldier? Caesar, still not looking at him, NODS. A silent beat, as Bad Ape looks down, pensive. Then softly:
20) 77) dialog: I had child...
20) 81) dialog: You think... you will find him... at human zoo? Soldier? Caesar's eyes drift to the dying embers.
20) 83) dialog: Then... maybe I take you. Caesar turns from the fire, their eyes meeting as we CUT
21) 0) text: The Girl steps out alone onto the deserted porch, still wearing Bad Ape's parka. As she clutches herself against cold, something catches her eye; she looks up overhead at PINK FLOWERS of a perennial dogwood tree, poking through snow -- the only color in an otherwise stark white world. With the muffled crunch of hooves, Luca and Rocket appear guiding the four horses toward the porch. Luca notices the Girl staring up at the branch of flowers He watches a moment, then moves toward her... and reaches long arm up, snapping off a small piece of the branch. The Girl observes as Luca bends down, his massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slips the flowers behind her ear. She smiles. He blinks back at her sweetly, when -- Caesar and Maurice emerge onto the porch. Luca quickly straightens, resuming his tough guy demeanor. Maurice lowers next to the Girl, and she hops on his back He moves to his horse, and climbs up with her. Caesar, Rocket and Luca mount up as well, when -- -- the front door SQUEAKS open; they turn to see Bad Ape stepping out to join them. He wears boots, an old wool blanket on his shoulders, and a striped toque on his head
23) 0) text: The group have left the trail, moving through dense fores Caesar watches Bad Ape who peers anxiously ahead... to wh SUNLIGHT spills in at the edge of the woods. Bad Ape turn to meet Caesar's eyes, fearful:
23) 1) dialog: There... Caesar looks at the light, then turns to the others, rais his hand for them to stop.
26) 31) dialog: (warning them, fearful) Bad place... But the apes ignore him. He turns to the Girl on Maurice' back, looking for anyone who'll listen:
26) 32) dialog: Bad, bad place. She just stares at him, blank-faced. Peering through the glasses, Rocket makes a low anguished grunt. Bad Ape turns anxiously:
26) 33) dialog: What?    What you see...?
26) 37) dialog: Oh no! They look over to see Bad Ape squinting into the binocula
26) 38) dialog: (horrified) Why so small?
26) 42) dialog: (finally seeing the crisis below)
29) 7) dialog: "In"...?   "In"? Maurice NODS.    Bad Ape is immediately alarmed:
29) 8) dialog: No -- no go in -- ! But they ignore him -- Bad Ape persists with panic, shrin away from them as he pleads:
29) 9) dialog: Friends!   Friends! No go in -- no go iiii-- Without warning he ABRUPTLY DROPS STRAIGHT OUT OF SIGHT, disappearing into the ground as it gives way underneath h Everyone turns, shocked to see him gone. They scramble to where he just vanished -- surprised to find him hanging b his fingertips on the lip of a VERY DEEP HOLE! Rocket reaches down, grasps his forearm, pulling him out
29) 10) dialog: (overcome with gratitude) Thank you, friend -- thank you -- But Rocket ignores him, SEEING SOMETHING in the hole. Rocket gestures to Maurice, who looks down to DISCOVER... AN OLD ROPE LADDER staked into one of the dirt sides of t hole, disappearing into the void below. Maurice and Rocket share an intense look, intrigued...
31) 4) dialog: watching from the mouth of the tunnel in the hole they fo last night. He gazes anxiously as they disappear -- when We hear SHRILL, DISTANT WHISTLES blowing -- Bad Ape turns see -- THE GIRL CLIMBING the rope ladder toward the sound Bad Ape rushes to the ladder, calling up to her, alarmed
31) 5) dialog: No no no -- no climb -- ! But she continues, climbing out the top... Bad Ape clutch his head, torn about what to do; then reluctantly starts
31) 8) dialog: No, no!   Where you go?!
31) 12) dialog: What?   What you see...?
32) 13) dialog: He -- when he sees
32) 15) dialog: (urgent whisper) No! He creeps out from behind the rocks after her    -- FRANT
32) 17) text: No no no... no no no... She pauses, peering up for a moment at the immense wall. Then she looks back over her shoulder at Bad Ape -- he WA FOR HER TO COME BACK, NODDING desperately...
33) 0) text: Rocket and Maurice clamber urgently out behind Bad Ape, w stops at the edge of the rocks -- pointing frantically wi two fingers again and again at the opening in the barrier wall -- trying to sign:
33) 1) dialog: IN!     She go IN! Stunned, Maurice and Rocket slowly turn to the camp; and
36) 0) text: Maurice stares at the compass in his hand as Bad Ape watc holding the flashlight... finally, Maurice lifts his head and POINTS TO TWO DIFFERENT SPOTS ALONG THE TUNNEL WALL. Bad Ape nods eagerly, moves to one of the spots, and STAR TO DIG tentatively, looking to Maurice for approval; Maur nods, goes to the other spot, STARTS DIGGING as well.
37) 28) dialog: Come!   Come see! As Maurice and Nova move to join him... we LINGER a beat, PUSHING IN on the spot where Maurice was just digging... TINY RIVULET OF WATER begins seeping through the dirt...
37) 31) dialog: 
37) 33) dialog: (whispers, excited) What now? Maurice surveys the new tunnel, looking up at the ceiling then gets down on his hands and knees. He looks up at Bad Ape, and pats his own back, gesturing for Bad Ape to clim on. Bad Ape doesn't get it:
37) 34) dialog: What. Maurice points up at the ceiling, then pats his own back again -- and now it dawns on Bad Ape:
37) 35) dialog: Ohhh no. No no no... (looks to Nova) Noooo-- Shaking his head, Bad Ape starts to back away -- when Mau suddenly GRABS his ankle; Bad Ape goes silent, startled.
38) 11) dialog: ...Bad Ape. (shaking other apes' hands) Bad Ape... Bad Ape... More and more apes jostle to get a look, greeting him war Bad Ape overcome by the affection from this new family.
40) 0) text: MUD AND WATER GUSH IN through a WIDENING FISSURE in the w where Maurice had been digging -- Maurice and Bad Ape try desperately to plug the opening with earth and rocks...
44) 0) text: Bad Ape clutches himself, shivering nervously in the wind when he hears a NOISE FROM BELOW; he looks down to see -- Nova leading the apes out of the tunnel, and pointing the the ladder toward Bad Ape; he smiles sweetly, reaching do to the frightened children as he WHISPERS:
44) 1) dialog: It's ok, little ones... come, come.
44) 21) dialog: excitedly waving on the children, sending them off toward mountain -- when an OMINOUS RUMBLING begins, shaking the ground. Alarmed, Bad Ape looks quickly up at --
44) 23) dialog: TURNS to the horizon too, lifts his binoculars --
47) 4) dialog: Hurry!   Go go go! When A SUDDEN ROAR AND BLINDING FLASH makes him turn to s ARTILLERY SHELLS SOARING in return from the giant vehicle Bad Ape LUNGES protectively over nearby children -- when BOOOOMM!!!    The SHELLS MAKE IMPACT 30 feet from the wal DEBRIS HAILS DOWN on our group as they hug the ground!