0) 10) dialog: [Hello, Father...] A huge smile spreads across Caesar's face and he embraces son. The crowd celebrates, rushing in to join the reunion Caesar turns to Rocket, the two happy to see each other -
0) 13) dialog: (cuts in, excited) [Father, we found something!] Caesar looks at him, immediately hopeful.
0) 18) dialog: [Mother...!] -- she pulls him into an emotional hug. They both look do noticing a TODDLER (CORNELIUS) hiding shyly behind her le
1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
1) 1) dialog: (passionately, to Caesar) [This is it, Father. We can start over. A new home.]
1) 6) dialog: [A desert, Rocket and I had to cross it too. The journey is long, but that is why humans will not find us.] Cornelia smiles, nodding -- she and Caesar exchange a pro look -- when Winter cuts in anxiously:
1) 10) dialog: (touching Winter's arm) [Winter...] Winter shrugs him off -- Luca and the others all erupt angrily at Winter -- Caesar stands imposingly. Winter immediately lowers his head, afraid; then, to Caesar:
1) 12) dialog: [I know you are scared, we all are, but we are still planning...]
1) 19) dialog: Father... We must try. Caesar looks at his son, emotional:
2) 0) text: A small cave in the upper levels of the fortress, enclose one side by the ROARING FALLS. Caesar sits up, awake, as family sleeps around him. Troubled, he studies Blue Eyes' map in his lap -- when suddenly he feels something... Caesar looks down to see Cornelius instinctively hugging leg as he rests, nuzzled beside his mother. Caesar gazes down protectively at his little one, strokes his head, th turns to look back at the map -- when he notices Blue Eye staring up at him through heavy lidded eyes.
2) 1) dialog: [Can't sleep?] Caesar shakes his head, his worried gaze returning to the map. Finally, Blue Eyes reaches out and touches his fathe arm; Caesar turns.
2) 5) dialog: [Trust me, father. This is a risk worth taking.] Moved, Caesar nods; he reaches out and gratefully caresse his son's face, then SIGNS, smiling:
3) 8) dialog: Crouched behind rocks in the family dwelling. He gestures protectively to Cornelia and the toddler to stay behind h as he anxiously stares at -- A GREEN LASER BEAM slowly approaching in the dark rock corridor just outside their cave... a HUSHED VOICE:
6) 0) text: CLOSE ON Cornelia and Blue Eyes, as their lifeless bodies lifted from the rock floor... REVEAL CAESAR watching silently, lost in his own world; s wet, he remains completely motionless, consumed with rage pain. Beside him, Rocket, Luca and Maurice watch, shaken, the bodies are carried away. Just then Spear pushes through, reporting to Luca: