13) 0) text: We're inside the human camp now. Red and Winter quietly ladle stew from a bucket to Soldiers sitting around the f A volatile soldier with tortured eyes (BOYLE) calls out i low, menacing voice to Winter:
13) 1) dialog: Donkey.   Over here. Winter hesitates, flustered -- Red notices, immediately intercedes, anxiously trying to placate Boyle --
13) 3) dialog: Hey!   Hey!     You stupid-- !
13) 8) dialog: Shut up, Preacher -- what're you, a donkey lover now? I think you going soft coz that kong let you go. Some of the soldiers snicker. Preacher backs down, humiliated and angry. Boyle levels his gun at Winter agai
13) 9) dialog: Get me a new bowl. Winter looks nervously to Red.       Red nods soberly: do
26) 3) dialog: 
34) 43) text: Send him up to the quarry.    Alone. Red fastens shackles to Caesar's ankles and wrists, and l at Preacher, who is searching through his key rings -- he can't find the shackle key; suddenly nervous, his eyes da to the Colonel, as he continues searching in vain... Impatient, the Colonel calls out to Boyle who's passing b with the first groups of chained apes -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 44) text: Boyle!   His cuffs. Boyle heads over, starts to lock Caesar up -- when the Colonel suddenly sees something... Caesar watches as the Colonel steps toward the cage, reaches in... and retrieve THE GIRL'S DOLL. He stares at it, perplexed: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
41) 13) dialog: Hey -- you animals!
41) 16) dialog: CHARGING down the tower ladder, heading for the pen! He thrusts his keys into the lock, slides open the door, and enters, shutting it behind him; he raises his gun at the shackled apes who shuffle fearfully out of his way: BOYLE
41) 17) text: Who did that?! The apes cower, shaking their heads, protesting innocence when SPLAT! Another WAD of muck smacks the side of his he BOYLE (CONT'D)
41) 19) text: You... Livid, he raises his gun, about to shoot -- when an ORANG HAND SEIZES HIS ANKLE from below and YANKS HIM DOWN INTO HOLE IN THE GROUND! The Apes all stare at the hole... And a moment later, BOYLE'S KEYS are TOSSED BACK UP. Rocket moves forward and snatches them up. He looks down into the hole at Maurice; they share a determined look; t Maurice HANDS HIM UP Boyle's RIFLE --
42) 0) text: Caesar urgently feels for something along the wall above cage door -- until he finds where he's hidden Preacher's He bends down and immediately begins unshackling his feet He gets one free -- when -- he hears FOOTSTEPS... He stop quickly turns, seeing -- THE FIGURE OF THE COLONEL approaching in the distance. Caesar straightens, carefully palming the key, eyes on th Colonel heading toward the pens... as Rocket, across the slowly hides Boyle's rifle behind his back...