0) 2) dialog: Why didn't I see, Maurice? Maurice turns to Caesar.
0) 4) dialog: That Koba could not forgive what humans did to him when he was their prisoner. That he would seek revenge. I should have known.
0) 11) dialog: Welcome home, Rocket. (grins at Rocket) You look tired.
0) 14) dialog: Come inside! They all start toward the waterfall -- as we CUT TO --
1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
1) 13) dialog: Yes... We must still find a way to get out of the woods safely. Everyone looks at Caesar as he sits.
1) 14) dialog: There were two of you. But we are many.
1) 20) dialog: I know, son. (he turns to the others) More apes die everyday. And we cannot hide here much longer. Caesar looks back down at the map, deep in thought; then feels the anxious stares of the apes around him. He looks them, trying to reassure, though he is still uncertain himself:
1) 21) dialog: We will find a way out... He raises his fists and brings them together, solemn:
1) 22) dialog: Apes together strong. They return the gesture, nodding faithfully at their lead
2) 0) text: A small cave in the upper levels of the fortress, enclose one side by the ROARING FALLS. Caesar sits up, awake, as family sleeps around him. Troubled, he studies Blue Eyes' map in his lap -- when suddenly he feels something... Caesar looks down to see Cornelius instinctively hugging leg as he rests, nuzzled beside his mother. Caesar gazes down protectively at his little one, strokes his head, th turns to look back at the map -- when he notices Blue Eye staring up at him through heavy lidded eyes.
2) 6) dialog: [I am so proud of you.] (then) [I love you, son.] -- when suddenly a SHIMMERING GREEN LIGHT washes briefly both their faces... Startled, Caesar looks up at the falls to SEE -- -- THREE SHAPES distorted surreally in the water, each ha in green light as they descend rapidly from view. Unnerved, Caesar sits up, unsure of what he's just seen. Blue Eyes watches as his father approaches the falls wari moving in very close... when Caesar sees a STRANGE THIN L whipping about in the current...? He reaches toward THE LINE, mystified -- then plunges his deep in the water, grasping for it -- -- he pulls the line toward him... revealing a taut secti of RED NYLON CLIMBING ROPE, straining against the current Alarmed, Caesar immediately turns back to Blue Eyes and signs, urgent:
2) 7) dialog: [Stay here. Protect your mother and brother.] Blue Eyes nods with growing concern as Caesar heads out -
3) 4) dialog: [How many others on patrol?]
3) 6) dialog: [Get them!     Rocket too!]
4) 2) dialog: Rocket!   What happened?! Rocket signs urgently to Caesar -- pointing to the body:
4) 10) dialog: BOUNDING FULL-TILT through the corridor, faster, faster - until he bursts into
5) 0) text: Caesar crashes through the water, hands flailing for -- THE ROPE! He grabs at it -- IT CAREENS WILDLY!      Caesa on tight, looks up to see -- THE COLONEL high above -- clinging to the suddenly jerkin line -- he looks down to see CAESAR starting to climb up furiously after him... The Colonel, unfazed, seizes a KNIFE from his boot as -- Caesar closes in, climbing, about to reach him -- when -- THE COLONEL CUTS THE LINE -- and -- Caesar PLUMMETS -- down, down, down -- INTO THE RIVER BEL An excruciating beat -- then Caesar SPRINGS UP from the water, gasping, enraged -- he peers up in agony to SEE -- THE COLONEL disappearing over the TOP OF THE CLIFF!
6) 0) text: CLOSE ON Cornelia and Blue Eyes, as their lifeless bodies lifted from the rock floor... REVEAL CAESAR watching silently, lost in his own world; s wet, he remains completely motionless, consumed with rage pain. Beside him, Rocket, Luca and Maurice watch, shaken, the bodies are carried away. Just then Spear pushes through, reporting to Luca:
6) 7) dialog: My youngest son...   Have you found him yet?
6) 10) dialog: Cornelius... you're safe now, son.
7) 0) text: The entire ape community is here, urgently loading up the horses, preparing for the imminent exodus. HEADS TURN as CAESAR makes his way through the crowd; clutching a rifle one hand and holding his little son's hand in the other, fixed ahead as he crosses to -- LAKE, who stands by her horse, surrounded by Maurice, Luc and Rocket on theirs. Caesar looks at Lake. He seems stoi but his eyes belie heartbreak, and something deeper... tremendous rage:
7) 1) dialog: You loved my son.    Look after his brother until I return.
7) 3) dialog: No. Caesar crouches down to Cornelius, caresses his little so one last time, then guides him to Lake. ANGLE ON Rocket and Luca; they exchange a look, shocked. Maurice looms behind them on horseback, watching it all t
7) 5) dialog: Not them... Him.
7) 7) dialog: You must.    The soldiers will be back soon.
7) 12) dialog: (to the apes around him) When I find him, the soldiers will all come after me. That may give you the best chance to get out of the woods. Until then, be safe. And with that he moves straight for his horse. As the reality that their leader is leaving them sets in, the ap community begins to react in anxious protest -- shockwave HOOTS rise as Caesar mounts his horse. ON MAURICE, ROCKET AND LUCA watching Caesar amidst the growing turmoil -- they stare after him in total disbelie
8) 0) text: Caesar rides alone, rifle in hand, the sound of the ape exodus now barely audible in the distance. Suddenly, he hears RUSTLING behind him. He turns, stops, alert. As the sound gets closer, we recognize the CLOP OF HOOVES -- the MAURICE, ROCKET, and LUCA appear, riding out of the trees They come to a halt, eyes on Caesar. Caesar returns a har look, shakes his head. But Luca is undeterred:
8) 6) dialog: No.
8) 8) dialog: I might not make it back.
10) 0) text: The faces of the apes slowly appear, gazing warily in at Caesar and Rocket have their guns drawn.
10) 4) text: at the far end of the trailer. The others exchange tense looks as Caesar readies his gun -- and SMASHES down the d ON CAESAR, eyes blazing, furiously training his gun as he sees something; he freezes, poised to kill, and we REVEAL
10) 6) dialog: Look around. Take what we can use. Caesar steps out past them; Rocket and Luca share an unea look, then follow. But Maurice remains, eyeing the scared little Girl with a mixture of curiosity and pity. He spots something on the floor by the bed, starts to move toward it... Terrified, the Girl scoots back against the wall, withdra as far as she can. But Maurice coos a comforting pant-hoo as he reaches down to the floor and retrieves -- A CRUDELY-MADE RAG DOLL. He holds it out. She hesitates - then quickly grabs it and retreats to her corner, hugging Maurice watches her, then raises his arm, reaching for he She freezes, nervous eyes following his enormous hand... his finger straightens... and gently strokes the doll's h
10) 13) dialog: Come.
11) 0) text: Caesar and Rocket mount their horses as Luca arrives with others. Maurice is about to climb up when he notices -- The Girl has followed them out. She wanders toward the de Man, his gun still a few feet away. She stares at him, looking lost, but not quite sad. Instead she exhibits a strange, almost primitive fascination with his lifeless b They all gaze at her, uncertain.   Maurice turns to Caesa
11) 2) dialog: We cannot take her. Maurice considers this, nods.
12) 0) text: The posse on the move again. The Girl rides behind Mauric arms around him, her cheek pressed into his furry back. Caesar takes in the sight, shoots Maurice a hard look... Maurice returns an assuring nod: it'll be okay. Just then, Luca GRUNTS for their attention. They all turn see CROSSES UP AHEAD ON THE SIDE OF THE TRAIL, crudely-bo branches staked into the ground. They approach warily, stopping as they discover -- A LARGE GRAVEYARD amidst the trees. A sea of crosses, marking mounds of dirt. They peer around, a bit unnerved:
12) 2) dialog: Looks like some were killed here. They all look at the shot-up trees and casings, bewildere when Luca sees a pile of ASHES and CHARRED OBJECTS --
12) 10) text: A PAIR OF TURNCOAT APES walk into view -- the binoculars follow them as they cross to an area where LARGE GROUPS O SOLDIERS are gathered around CAMP FIRES; as the apes begi dutifully pouring drink into the humans' cups, one turns toward us -- we recognize him as RED. The apes watch Caesar peering; when suddenly his expressi hardens. He slowly lowers the glasses, anger burning...
12) 12) text: Beside Red, the OTHER APE HAS TURNED TOWARD US, serving t humans... As Luca FOCUSES, we recognize him, as Caesar whispers his name ominously:
12) 13) dialog: Winter...
14) 0) text: Winter digs under a supply table for a new bowl. Rising, catches his reflection in a grimy mirror over a wash basi He hesitates, maybe suffering a crisis of conscience -- w he sees A REFLECTED FACE lurking in the shadows behind hi He spins to see CAESAR standing there, motionless, starin Panicked, Winter turns for the exit -- but LUCA is there, blocking escape. Turns the other way -- and there's ROCKE Winter's eyes widen as Caesar takes a slow step toward hi
14) 1) dialog: Where is the Colonel? Winter swallows, trembling as he lifts his hands to sign:
14) 3) dialog: (dubious, stalking closer) ...Gone? Winter looks at the other apes, sees them closing in too. Turns back to Caesar, nervously explaining:
14) 9) dialog: What border? Why?
14) 12) dialog: My son... my wife... are dead. Just then -- we hear the LAUGHTER OF HUMANS outside; Wint turns, sees SHADOWS OF SOLDIERS passing on the side of th tent -- he opens his mouth to shriek to them -- but a HAN CLAMPS over his mouth, as Caesar wrestles him to the grou to silence him! The others rush in, holding Winter down a he struggles violently, desperately trying to shriek out The SHADOWS OF THE SOLDIERS HALT, their laughter subsidin their heads turn toward the muffled sounds in the tent -- Seeing this, Caesar furiously tightens his grip around Winter's neck -- but Winter won't stop, struggling even harder! Eyes fixed on the human shadows, Caesar grips fiercely... choking tighter and tighter... ...until Winter finally relents. Caesar watches the shado tense... And at last, they move on. The apes exhale relief. Luca and Rocket turn to Caesar -- but their eyes drift to Winter.
15) 0) text: Tense silence. The apes and Girl sit by a fire, isolated the trees; Maurice studies Caesar's face as he gazes into flames, deeply unsettled. Then Maurice turns to the other who look equally plagued. Finally, Rocket turns to Mauric
15) 5) dialog: ...Koba?
16) 0) text: Caesar catches his breath, lying disoriented on the groun when he hears activity around him. He turns, finding Maur standing over him -- he signs urgently:
17) 0) text: A grand vista of Mill Valley in the distance. A SMALL ARM OF HUMANS ON HORSEBACK DESCENDS on the hills below us... OUR POSSE arrives in the foreground. Caesar looks with determination down at the humans as the recede... He urges his horse forward; the others follow..
18) 3) dialog: [Is that them up ahead?]
18) 8) dialog: [Don't let them see us!] He is already off his horse -- when DISTANT GUN BLASTS ec through the air! They all rush to the side of the road, huddling together -- as MORE SHOTS RING OUT up ahead --
18) 10) dialog: I don't know...
18) 14) dialog: (unnerved) What is that...? As Caesar and the others dismount, REVEAL SMALL WOODEN X THE SIDE OF THE ROAD; they move toward the Xs to discover THREE BODIES DRAPED IN SNOW. Maurice tucks the Girl protectively behind him, as Caesar reaches down and brush snow off them... revealing THREE ALPHA OMEGA SOLDIERS, bu wounds in their backs, HOODS OVER HEADS, execution-style. Caesar pulls one of the hoods off -- the soldier is a WOM her eyes are open, lifeless, dried blood under her nostri Rocket pulls off another hood... a lanky, young, MALE SOLDIER, eyes shut. He too has dried blood under his nose Rocket inches closer to look at his face -- when THE SOLDIER'S EYES SNAP OPEN -- he GASPS at the sight of them The apes are startled as the panicked Soldier begins frantically scrambling away -- Caesar moves after him -- places a hand firmly on his leg --
18) 18) dialog: Why... did they shoot you? He just stares back, blinking without understanding -- wh he notices the Girl, staring at him from behind Maurice. two lock eyes warily, like creatures in the wild. And the the Soldier opens his mouth as if trying to speak... but makes no sound, only GASPING GRUNTS, just like the Girl's
18) 20) dialog: Help me get him up... Rocket reaches down toward the Soldier -- but the Soldier freaks, wide eyes darting ferally, wildly scrambling on h back to get away from them -- Caesar moves toward him, tr to calm him -- but it only spooks him more -- he rolls on his knees and takes off RUNNING... The apes watch, stunned, as he disappears into the woods. Finally, Caesar turns back, looking at the bodies again.. and then the Girl. Maurice catches his eye:
18) 24) dialog: Winter said they were heading to a border...!
20) 0) text: An ornate glass door   slowly opens... Caesar, Rocket, an enter, guns first...    As they pass us, the door swings behind them... HOLD    as Maurice and the Girl wait outsi pressing their faces   to THE FROSTY DOOR PANE -- their e fill with a sense of   amazement as we CUT TO:
20) 14) dialog: Are you... alone here? Bad Ape's eyes dart uneasily from face to face -- it's no clear if he understands this either -- but then he looks at Caesar... and NODS. A soft CREAKING across the lobby causes their heads to tu
20) 24) dialog: (peering around) You... live here?
20) 27) dialog: Are there more like you?   More apes? From zoo?
20) 34) dialog: You learn to speak...?
20) 44) dialog: Where did you get this? Bad Ape turns to him, confused. Caesar holds up the packa Bad Ape looks uneasy... his voice lowering to a hush:
20) 47) dialog: Bad humans...? Soldiers? Bad Ape recognizes the word, nods gravely:
20) 51) dialog: Is it far?     Can you take us?
20) 53) dialog: Please.     You must take us.
20) 64) dialog: The only one still awake.    He sits up, eyes settling on THE GIRL, curled into Maurice's belly, hugging her doll; Nova emblem is clutched in her little fingers. Maurice's is draped protectively around her as they sleep.
20) 70) dialog: (a beat) I don't know.
20) 72) dialog: She has no one else. Bad Ape gazes at the Girl, suddenly feeling sorry for her
20) 75) dialog: I had two.     But one was killed.   By human.
20) 82) dialog: I don't know... Maybe. Bad Ape ponders this.   Torn, he finally looks at Caesar:
21) 0) text: The Girl steps out alone onto the deserted porch, still wearing Bad Ape's parka. As she clutches herself against cold, something catches her eye; she looks up overhead at PINK FLOWERS of a perennial dogwood tree, poking through snow -- the only color in an otherwise stark white world. With the muffled crunch of hooves, Luca and Rocket appear guiding the four horses toward the porch. Luca notices the Girl staring up at the branch of flowers He watches a moment, then moves toward her... and reaches long arm up, snapping off a small piece of the branch. The Girl observes as Luca bends down, his massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slips the flowers behind her ear. She smiles. He blinks back at her sweetly, when -- Caesar and Maurice emerge onto the porch. Luca quickly straightens, resuming his tough guy demeanor. Maurice lowers next to the Girl, and she hops on his back He moves to his horse, and climbs up with her. Caesar, Rocket and Luca mount up as well, when -- -- the front door SQUEAKS open; they turn to see Bad Ape stepping out to join them. He wears boots, an old wool blanket on his shoulders, and a striped toque on his head
22) 0) text: The group silently weaves its way through snow-covered tr The Girl watches curiously as Caesar removes his canteen his saddle bag. Maurice notices her staring, follows her gaze to see Caesar drinking. Maurice grunts softly to her She turns, and he gestures at Caesar, making the sign for
23) 0) text: The group have left the trail, moving through dense fores Caesar watches Bad Ape who peers anxiously ahead... to wh SUNLIGHT spills in at the edge of the woods. Bad Ape turn to meet Caesar's eyes, fearful:
23) 8) dialog: [Luca, let's take a closer look.] (to Rocket) [Stay here. Keep them safe.] Rocket nods dutifully, and Caesar and Luca start off --
23) 12) dialog: (shakes his head) I don't know...
23) 18) dialog: Don't see riders... Suddenly AN OUT OF FOCUS SHAPE RISES directly in front of binoculars -- Caesar drops the glasses to discover -- AN ALPHA OMEGA SOLDIER looming right above him, rifle rai The soldier pulls the trigger -- CLICK -- but the gun is jammed! Panicked, the soldier rears back, about to lunge forward with the rifle's BAYONET -- when -- LUCA DIVES PROTECTIVELY in front of Caesar -- -- taking the bayonet blade in his gut as he YANKS the ma down, WRESTLING him to the ground! They roll violently, finally coming to a stop, Luca atop the motionless soldie Caesar's eyes land on the BLOOD-STAINED BAYONET, lying in snow beside them -- he scrambles up, rushing to Luca -- -- when a SECOND SOLDIER steps out, startling Caesar -- a to shoot -- when -- WHAM! THE SECOND SOLDIER CRUMPLES, revealing Rocket behin him, having just clubbed him with the butt of a rifle. Rocket looks to Caesar, signs regretfully, out of breath:
23) 30) dialog: They must pay... Everyone stares, until finally, Caesar turns back. His ey meet Maurice's, whose gaze now appears judgemental:
23) 32) dialog: ...Koba? You know nothing.   My wife and son were killed. (gestures to Luca) And now my friend. (then, harder) You call me Koba...?! Caesar glares at him, an unprecedented rift between them. Rocket remains still, taken aback... waiting... Then:
23) 33) dialog: (trembling with rage) I did not ask you to come. Any of you. This is my fight. I will finish it alone... Go now. Join the others. Stunned, they watch as Caesar rises, and takes the bayone rifle from Rocket's shoulder... then heads off, back towa the canyon... HOLD on the apes' harrowed expressions, watching him; CUT
23) 34) text: SWOOPING OVER Caesar's tiny figure as he scales down the vast, snowy expanse in the moonlight; he DROPS down to a lower shelf, and we CUT TO:
23) 36) text: BREATHING HARD (O.S.), MOVING toward the CLIFF'S EDGE -- massive guard tower reaches up from the canyon beyond it ON CAESAR, air steaming from his nose; he SLOWS, SEEING - THE TWELVE MYSTERIOUS X-SHAPED STRUCTURES looming ahead - As he approaches we can suddenly start to make out DARK F STRAPPED to them...? Caesar's expression moves from confusion... to dawning horror as he realizes: the forms appear to be APES. He picks up speed again, rushing towar them, their backs to us -- it's unclear whether the forms dead or alive... Finally reaching the line of crosses at the edge of the cliff, he finds a GROUP OF APES, all semi-conscious, struggling to breathe, bound to Xs by their hands and fee Reeling, Caesar whips his head from ape to ape, trying to make sense of this -- when he HEARS A DREADFUL MURMUR RIS from the canyon; heart racing, he spins, staggering towar the edge to PEER DOWN --
23) 38) dialog: What happened?
23) 44) dialog: Use you...?
23) 46) dialog: What... kind of work...? But Spear struggles for consciousness, his eyes flutterin closed... He begins to collapse -- Caesar is stricken:
23) 47) dialog: Wait -- my little son -- is he here...? But Spear just falls to the ground, Caesar watches aghast when an APE FOOT steps right beside him -- Caesar turns, startled -- looks up to see -- RED standing ominously right above him! The BUTT OF RED'S RIFLE comes SLAMMING DOWN into us -- and we SMASH TO --
23) 62) dialog: (still in pain, seething) I... didn't know they were here. (then) I came for you. The Colonel searches Caesar's ferocious expression, surprised, something dawning on him for the first time:
23) 64) dialog: My... family. The Colonel stares down, some mysterious nerve jolted ins him. He comes closer, stands right above Caesar, looking him for a long beat, something about this revelation chur in his mind; Red cautiously tightens his grip on the chai
23) 67) dialog: I was told you were coming... That others would be joining you here.
23) 69) dialog: To finish us off... for good.
24) 17) dialog: I will find some way to get us out of here. I promise...
25) 17) dialog: MARCHING gravely with hordes of apes across the snowy yar ARMED SOLDIERS pace menacingly atop FUEL TANKER RAILCARS along the side of the camp, keeping watch over the prison Caesar slows, suddenly struck by what's LOOMING up ahead
26) 0) text: Caesar labors, just another slave in the sea of apes pass brutally heavy boulders to be laid into the growing wall, Soldiers keep GUNS trained on them. Caesar squints out at even more apes perched dangerously on the rock shelf abov the tanker cars, quarrying for the stones. Beside him, Lake heaves another boulder; Caesar peers pas her at the apes around them; they look WEARY, GAUNT; on t framework above, EXHAUSTED apes -- Ape Elder among them - battle to lift boulders on ropes. Lake sees the anguish o Caesar's face as he takes in the suffering, she signs:
26) 2) dialog: [Why do they need a wall...?] Lake looks back at him, shaking her head: I don't know -- when Caesar sees -- THE COLONEL arriving at the work site; his Soldiers nervo address him as his eyes roam the wall, surveying the prog -- then fix on Caesar -- when suddenly a SOLDIER CRIES OU
26) 9) dialog: 
26) 12) dialog: 
26) 21) dialog: Apes need food. Water. The Colonel glances at the apes, then back at Caesar:
26) 23) dialog: (simmering) Give them food and wat-- -- without   warning the Colonel suddenly pulls his sidea shoots Ape   Elder dead right beside Caesar, then immedia places the   gun against Caesar's temple -- the speed and efficiency   of the action is utterly chilling. Caesar gapes in shock as terror ripples through the apes.
26) 52) dialog: What did the Colonel promise you? You really think he will let you live... after we are gone? Red just stares, contempt in his eyes.
26) 53) dialog: No matter what you do... you'll never be one of them. (then) You let them call you "donkey"... You are ape. Red raises his knife, examining it in his hands; he runs fingers along the edge... Then looks at Caesar, sneers:
27) 2) text: Interfere with the work again, and I'll begin slaughtering the apes, one by one. Understand? I need that wall. He looks up coldly at Caesar, then nods at Preacher: that all -- they start to lead Caesar out, but he won't go yet CAESAR
27) 4) text: (eyes on the map) They'll get food and water when they finish the work. CAESAR
27) 5) text: Give them food and water... or they will not be able to finish. The Colonel looks up, amused by Caesar's audacity.
27) 11) dialog: The soldiers who are coming here... are not coming to join you, are they? The Colonel slowly looks up, smiles, suddenly intrigued - Red warily tightens his grip on Caesar's chain...
27) 12) dialog: I saw men outside by the wall... preparing for battle... The Colonel studies him, surprised:
27) 15) dialog: They are against you?
27) 17) dialog: Why...? The Colonel just looks at him, silent.
27) 18) dialog: Because you kill your own men? Preacher tenses; The Colonel holds Caesar's gaze, stunned
27) 19) dialog: We found bodies. (then) Something wrong... with these men. The Colonel shakes his head in awe:
27) 25) text: Well, you paint quite a picture.     What you must think of me. CAESAR
27) 27) text: You came here to kill me.   Were you going to show me mercy? CAESAR
27) 29) text: (low, with contempt) Mercy. Do you have any idea what your mercy would do to us? Caesar stares warily, confused by the simmering rage he s to have provoked in the Colonel. THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 30) text: You're much stronger than we are. And you're smart as hell. No matter what you say, you'd eventually replace us, that's the law of Nature. The irony is, we created you. We tried to defy Nature, bend it to our will. And Nature's been punishing us for our arrogance ever since. Testing us. Even now. Caesar searches the Colonel's ominous expression...     T THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 31) text: Ten months ago, we sent out recon units to look for your base. They found nothing. My own son was a soldier with one of the groups. One day he suddenly stopped speaking. He became... primitive. Like an animal. They contacted me, said they thought he lost his mind, that the war was too much for him. But then the man caring for him stopped speaking too. Their medic had a theory, before he stopped speaking. That the virus that almost wiped us out -- the virus every human survivor still carries В­- had suddenly changed... Mutated. (peers at Caesar) (MORE)
27) 35) text: And if it spread, it would destroy humanity for good this time. Not by killing us... but by robbing us of the things that make us human. Our speech, our higher thinking... It would turn us into beasts... not unlike what you all used to be. You talk about mercy...? What would you have done? Caesar stares back, unnerved, challenged... he has no ans THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 36) text: Well, it was a moment of clarity for me. I realized I would have to sacrifice my only son, so that humanity could be saved. I held that gun in my hand, and I pointed it at my only child. (emotion in his eyes as he remembers) He looked at me with trust in his eyes, all he had left in his primitive gaze. And I pulled the trigger. It purified me. It made my purpose clear. His eyes finally return to Caesar's, who looks stunned. THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 37) text: I gave orders to kill the other infected, all of them, and anyone who might've been in direct contact, even if they showed no symptoms. We burned their belongings, anything that might spread contamination. Some of the men questioned my judgment. I was asking them to do what I had done: to sacrifice their families... their friends. They refused. So I had them killed too. (growing darker) Others with children deserted into the woods. One of those cowards fled to my superiors up north. They sent officers down to restrain me. They tried to convince me this plague could be dealt with medically, that up there they were already looking for a cure. That's when I realized: they had learned nothing from our past. CAESAR
27) 44) text: Except for the one I spared, so he could return to deliver a message: if they wanted to relieve me of my command, they'd have to meet me here, and do it themselves. Caesar stares, his eyes questioning what the Colonel mean THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 45) text: This place used to be a weapons depot. They turned it into a relocation camp when the crisis was just beginning. But the weapons are all still here, inside that mountain. (a beat) This is a holy war. All of human history has led to this moment. And if we lose, we'll be the last of our kind. It will be a planet of apes. And we'll become your cattle. Caesar just stares, unsettled; they hold each other's eye THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 46) text: Look at you. You think I'm sick, don't you. CAESAR
27) 48) text: Probably all of them. Don't get any ideas -- only thing they fear more than me is you apes. They never questioned my methods when it came to you. He moves closer, looking at Caesar's face, his tone quiet THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 49) text: I didn't mean to kill your son... Caesar remains totally still as the Colonel studies him.. The Colonel's nearness is almost too much to bear...
27) 53) text: (leaning in even closer) But if his destiny was to inherit your unholy kingdom... then I'm glad I did. A sudden rage surges behind Caesar's eyes -- HE LUNGES -- The Colonel LEAPS BACKWARD -- Caesar's fingers GROPING FO HIS THROAT as he SCRAMBLES out of reach JUST IN TIME -- R
27) 56) text: So emotional! The Colonel watches, smile fading as Caesar finally relen THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 57) text: I can see how conflicted you are. You're confused in your purpose. You're angry at me because of something I did that was an act of war. But you're taking this all much too personally. Preacher watches as The Colonel steps forward, venturing closer to Caesar, seemingly unconcerned for his safety... PREACHER
27) 58) text: ...sir -- The Colonel holds up his hand to silence Preacher as he s right in front of Caesar again, eye to eye... Caesar burn tortured by the agonizing effort to restrain his rage... THE COLONEL
27) 59) text: What do you think my men would've done to your apes... if you had killed me? Caesar looks up at the Colonel. The Colonel holds Caesar' angry stare as he starts slowly forward:
27) 66) text: Didn't I tell you not to agitate him? That was not smart, man... Caesar glances at Preacher, then at Red behind them; he t forward, speaks softly to Preacher, a hint of sympathy: CAESAR
27) 69) text: You are not like him. Preacher looks at Caesar, taken aback -- maybe even offen PREACHER
27) 70) text: He was right, you do think he's sick, don't you? You're just like them. He's not crazy. The world's gone crazy. And he's the only one with the vision to get us through this. The Colonel's a great man. He sacrificed everything for us. You can't judge him. Who are you to judge him? (darkening) I was trying to give you a heads up, keep you out of his way, I don't even know why. But if you think you and I have some kind of relationship -- that you're gonna give me, what, advice? You can disavow yourself of that notion right fucking now. Caesar is stunned.    Preacher raises his crossbow:
27) 76) text: Snow drifts down around them as they march Caesar through yard, past the soldiers' barracks, LIGHTS inside GOING OU one by one... REVEAL --
28) 0) text: Caesar waits grimly at the base of the platform, as Red unshackles his hands; Preacher stands guard, the X loomin Caesar looks up to discover APES gathered at the bars of their pen, unseen by Red and Preacher, whose backs are to them. Their starved faces are etched with worry for Caesa He softens, eyes settling on Lake's gentle gaze as Red continues to unshackle him. Concern fills Lake's eyes:
28) 2) dialog: [Do not lose hope... Some way, somehow, we will finish the journey to our new home. I will find a way to get us out of here.] The Apes return moved stares -- when Red hands Preacher b the key, and Preacher nods for Caesar to climb the platfo
29) 0) text: Rocket leads as the group sneaks along the base of the wa They arrive at a spot where the wall has come down, steal look around the edge, peering into the camp... ...to see the apes in their pens, Caesar on the X, and between here and there, SOLDIERS on duty -- -- when suddenly they hear the sound of HOOVES approachin as a SOLDIER ON HORSEBACK exits the front gate on patrol, heading their way -- ! Panicked, THEY DASH ACROSS THE EXPANSE, heading for an OUTCROPPING OF LARGE ROCKS a hundred feet from the wall -
30) 0) text: CLOSE ON CAESAR'S HAND, BOUND TO THE X -- we glimpse the still grasped in his partially open fingers -- when ARMY WHISTLES shriek through the yard; the fingers stir as we
32) 10) dialog: He is covered in frost and ice, shivering with hypothermi very near death... BAD APE (O.S.)
32) 23) dialog: Koba... Koba leans in toward Caesar, gazing into his eyes... then moves even closer, pressing his lips to Caesar's ear:
32) 26) dialog: No...
34) 0) text: PUSHING SLOWLY IN on Caesar through the bars... He lies on his stomach, face to the ground. As the CAMERA stops, a small blurry FORM steps to the edge of frame...
34) 2) text: [Thirsty...?] Caesar looks at her, stunned.    And touched.   And then
34) 10) dialog: gazing nervously through the bars at the Girl, who stands the Apes' pen, her back to us; she seems engaged in some transaction with them, the Apes all trying to get near he Caesar's eyes dart tensely around at GUARDS ON PATROL in distance, unaware of her presence, but for how long...? Finally, the Girl turns and heads toward Caesar, CRADLING SOMETHING IN HER ARMS. Caesar watches curiously as she st up to his cage. He glances at the APES IN THEIR PEN to fi them all watching expectantly... Caesar turns back to the Girl; she leans forward carefull as if about to spill the contents from her arms -- puzzle Caesar reaches his hands out to catch whatever it is -- AND A LONG STREAM OF GRAIN RUSHES INTO HIS PALMS. Surprised, Caesar looks up at her... then out at the Apes the pen, their eyes all still on him. One of them raises hands, quietly pressing his fists together, SIGNING proud
34) 29) text: [Good.   Then we can talk about escape.] He brings his fists together: "Apes together strong." Emotional, Caesar smiles, proud of his friend; as he brin his own fists together... PRE-LAP -- A LONE HUMAN VOICE SINGING OUT in gospel tones EXECUTIVE OFFICER (O.S.)
34) 43) text: Send him up to the quarry.    Alone. Red fastens shackles to Caesar's ankles and wrists, and l at Preacher, who is searching through his key rings -- he can't find the shackle key; suddenly nervous, his eyes da to the Colonel, as he continues searching in vain... Impatient, the Colonel calls out to Boyle who's passing b with the first groups of chained apes -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 44) text: Boyle!   His cuffs. Boyle heads over, starts to lock Caesar up -- when the Colonel suddenly sees something... Caesar watches as the Colonel steps toward the cage, reaches in... and retrieve THE GIRL'S DOLL. He stares at it, perplexed: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 45) text: (turning to Caesar) What is this...? But Caesar is silent.   The Colonel turns to Preacher -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 47) text: I really don't know, sir... The Colonel looks back hard at Caesar; then, finally: THE COLONEL
35) 0) text: Caesar labors alone on a dangerously narrow perch, quarry for heavy stones high above the yard... He looks down as works, secretly scanning the yard, to FIND --
35) 3) dialog: turns quickly back to Rocket, whose eyes are fixed on his feet, COUNTING EACH STEP as his group approaches... ...THE TRAIN SIGNAL SWITCH in the middle of the yard -- t spot where he and Maurice dug up from the tunnel below... he passes it, Rocket looks up at Caesar -- stealthily sig ROCKET
35) 4) text: Caesar NODS. Then quickly turns back to Lake -- as she to passes the train switch -- she looks up from her feet -- signs to Caesar: LAKE
35) 5) text: Caesar NODS -- and immediately begins to climb, pulling himself up to a ledge above -- when -- PING!-PING! -- BUL kick off the stones around him! He freezes, looks down at SOLDIERS standing guard ATOP THE FUEL TANKER RAILCARS -- of them lowers his rifle, yells out to Caesar --
35) 11) dialog: [37 steps to the adult cage...   55 to the children.]
37) 7) text: You know Kerna shoot apes tomorrow... when wall is done. Caesar's eyes shift briefly to Preacher's, who looks away Then he turns back to Red: CAESAR
37) 9) text: I save myself. CAESAR
37) 10) text: Is there anything left... of you to save? A brief flash of uncertainty passes over Red as he meets Caesar's piercing eyes... then he musters a final hard st at Caesar, and turns to go.
39) 0) text: Caesar waits alone, staring     tensely at the apes acros way, all huddled around the     hole, backs to us. Rocket suddenly breaks through the     crowd to report to Caesar has been anxiously awaiting     news. Rocket looks grave:
41) 0) text: We hear QUIET APE GRUNTING -- Caesar stands pressed to th bars of his cage looking across to a large group of apes gathered at the edge of their pen, all eyes fixed on Caes
41) 8) dialog: [We must leave tonight!] Pained, Caesar turns behind him, glances at the children, asleep in their pen -- he can see little Cornelius sleepi too -- he turns back to the other, decisive:
41) 9) dialog: [We'll have to get the children out above ground!] The apes exchange tense looks; then all look back at Caes
42) 0) text: Caesar urgently feels for something along the wall above cage door -- until he finds where he's hidden Preacher's He bends down and immediately begins unshackling his feet He gets one free -- when -- he hears FOOTSTEPS... He stop quickly turns, seeing -- THE FIGURE OF THE COLONEL approaching in the distance. Caesar straightens, carefully palming the key, eyes on th Colonel heading toward the pens... as Rocket, across the slowly hides Boyle's rifle behind his back...
42) 7) dialog: ...Malcolm? Caesar's voice pulls the Colonel out of his reverie for a moment -- he looks at Caesar a bit confused; then, realiz
42) 9) dialog: He... was a friend.
42) 15) text: you were a great leader. I thought he was crazy... But I almost see what he meant. (he drifts off again) He pleaded with me to find you. To make peace with you. Caesar is rapt, stunned by these revelations... But the Colonel is wholly unaware of Caesar's reaction, staring o in a long unnerving silence. Caesar hesitates, then: CAESAR
42) 16) text: What... happened to this man? The Colonel remains staring off a moment longer, then fin looks at Caesar... and then off again: THE COLONEL
42) 18) text: (quietly paranoid) What's going on here? Caesar frowns at him, disquieted and perplexed... The Colonel's eyes dart suspiciously around him; he cranes hi neck to peer up through the falling snow at the guard tow but the angle is too steep to see if anyone is up there - A CLANK at his feet makes him look down... where he finds he's dropped his flask. He picks it up, looks at it as if having no memory of even bringing it out here. Suddenly self-conscious, he looks around at the apes in t pen, all staring back at him -- and then at Caesar. He slowly backs away, then turns, retreating through the darkness to his tower. Caesar watches him go, then turns to find Rocket and the other apes looking at him, confused. ROCKET
42) 19) text: [...What was that?] Caesar shakes his head, just as confused. Then returns to action, bending down to unshackle his other ankle -- he unlocks it -- then TOSSES PREACHER'S KEY TO -- ROCKET, who reaches through the pen bars and catches them air; he quickly unshackles himself, TOSSES THE KEY to --
42) 24) text: [Do you think he knows we're up to something?] Unsure, Caesar peers back up at the Colonel's silhouette. After a beat, the Colonel steps away from the window. Roc looks anxiously at Caesar, raising the rifle:
43) 6) dialog: [We go now. Or die trying.] Rocket nods -- he waits as the SEARCHLIGHT PASSES, then d out of the pen, holding the stolen rifle -- crossing to Caesar's cage, as Caesar steps out -- they both streak --
43) 10) dialog: (overcome, holding him tight)
43) 13) text: We glimpse the side of the Guard's head as he stares down eating -- REVEAL ROCKET, keeping lookout on the guard from the door behind him the children are huddled with Caesar -- Caesar hustles the children toward a LIGHT POLE, quickly hoistin one after another up onto it --
44) 10) text: [Hurry!   Let's go!] But Caesar stays motionless, eyes fixed intently on the Colonel's still lighted window. ROCKET (CONT'D)
44) 11) text: [Caesar, what's wrong?] Caesar stares darkly at the tower, preoccupied: CAESAR
44) 12) text: By the time the sun rises, you'll all be on your way... to a new home. (finally, he turns) Hurry, you must go. And now it hits Rocket, Caesar is not coming with him -- ROCKET
44) 17) dialog: Maurice was right. I am like Koba. He could not escape his hate... (his eyes fix on the tower again)
44) 18) text: And I still cannot escape mine. He took too much from me. After a long moment, he turns back to Rocket; Rocket nods his eyes now unexpectedly emotional. Caesar puts a hand around Rocket's head, pulls his forehead against his -- a final embrace. He pulls back, says softly:
44) 19) dialog: Go... Rocket looks at him, then reluctantly starts for the hole He takes one last look at Caesar, and begins to descend.
45) 1) text: Holy shit -- they're here!!! As they race by, the CAMERA FINDS CAESAR, hidden, crouche beside the building, watching them go, taking this news i He waits until the Soldiers pass, then BOLTS UP ONTO --
47) 0) text: Caesar silently climbs in the window; he looks around... immediately spots an unnerving, incongruous sight -- THE FRONT DOOR is BARRICADED WITH FURNITURE from the insi Confused, Caesar looks around, sees the area in total disarray: a SMALL STOCKPILE OF MUNITIONS lie scattered chaotically across a table, alongside a tray of HALF-EATE FOOD and the Colonel's SPILLED FLASK... Soaked in liquid from the flask is a PHOTO OF A LITTLE BO beside it OLD WAR MEDALS; Caesar peers around, wary: wher the Colonel...?
48) 0) text: We see Caesar about to climb out -- when he SEES the apes taking heavy fire from gunners on the wall! He freezes, terror-stricken, grappling for a way to save them -- when eyes lock on the TANKER CARS just beneath the wall -- He quickly turns from the window, charging back into the control room -- when -- A SUDDEN BANGING comes from the front door -- EXECUTIVE OFFICER (O.S.)
48) 1) text: Colonel!   Are you in there?! Colonel! Caesar spins, startled -- then finishes grabbing a BANDOL OF GRENADES off the table strewn with the Colonel's belongings -- he bolts for the window -- when -- CRASH! The door SMASHES OPEN -- Caesar turns to see the X AND HIS MEN ENTERING -- they see him too -- raising their weapons, and FIRING AS -- CAESAR LEAPS
48) 10) dialog: 
48) 27) dialog: as he takes in the grim sight, pained -- THEN -- THE GUNNER turns and takes aim at CAESAR! Caesar scrambles, the sounds around him (and us) suddenly starting to return -- as -- he SNATCHES UP THE GRENADE fr the ground beside him -- jumping to his feet -- -- narrowly dodging the Gunner's bullets tearing up earth around him -- as he PULLS THE PIN from the grenade, desperately LAUNCHING it straight for the tanker beneath wall -- The Gunner's alarmed eyes suddenly whip toward the tanker as Caesar takes off, sprinting in the opposite direction -- when the grenade EXPLODES and THE TANKER ERUPTS -- ENGULFING the WALL beside it, and consuming all the Gunne above in its INCREDIBLE BLAST!!! Caesar races into the adult pen -- as behind him, FLAMES CLIMB HIGH INTO THE SKY -- when SUDDENLY -- THE TRAIN CAR
48) 70) text: As Caesar, Cornelius on his shoulder, walks with the othe past a huge, rusted SIGN: "FORBIDDEN ZONE." Caesar looks Rocket, uncertain... but Rocket points reassuringly ahead at a DISTANT DESERT VOLCANO. As they continue onward, we
48) 76) dialog: Don't worry... You are all home now. Apes are strong. With... or without me. Tears well in Maurice's eyes, as Caesar smiles peacefully -- when the playful sounds of ape children suddenly draw back to the toddlers again. Maurice watches as Caesar's e fix wistfully on his son... a sense of tremendous melanch setting in, as his breathing grows more labored... Maurice grunts gently.    Caesar slowly turns back to him Maurice speaks: