1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
1) 8) dialog: [Tonight?    That's impossible!]
7) 0) text: The entire ape community is here, urgently loading up the horses, preparing for the imminent exodus. HEADS TURN as CAESAR makes his way through the crowd; clutching a rifle one hand and holding his little son's hand in the other, fixed ahead as he crosses to -- LAKE, who stands by her horse, surrounded by Maurice, Luc and Rocket on theirs. Caesar looks at Lake. He seems stoi but his eyes belie heartbreak, and something deeper... tremendous rage:
7) 2) dialog: (stunned) [You're not coming with us?]
24) 13) dialog: [Forgive them. We've been through much.] Caesar nods, shell-shocked, reeling...   Finally, he spea quietly devastated:
24) 18) dialog: (shakes her head, grim) [You don't know what this place is like.] The sound of crying makes Caesar turn; he looks at the pe across the way, where little Cornelius is pressed to the bars, helplessly reaching his arm out toward Caesar:
26) 0) text: Caesar labors, just another slave in the sea of apes pass brutally heavy boulders to be laid into the growing wall, Soldiers keep GUNS trained on them. Caesar squints out at even more apes perched dangerously on the rock shelf abov the tanker cars, quarrying for the stones. Beside him, Lake heaves another boulder; Caesar peers pas her at the apes around them; they look WEARY, GAUNT; on t framework above, EXHAUSTED apes -- Ape Elder among them - battle to lift boulders on ropes. Lake sees the anguish o Caesar's face as he takes in the suffering, she signs:
26) 1) dialog: [We haven't had food or water since we got here...] Stunned, anger fills his face; he glares up at the struct
28) 0) text: Caesar waits grimly at the base of the platform, as Red unshackles his hands; Preacher stands guard, the X loomin Caesar looks up to discover APES gathered at the bars of their pen, unseen by Red and Preacher, whose backs are to them. Their starved faces are etched with worry for Caesa He softens, eyes settling on Lake's gentle gaze as Red continues to unshackle him. Concern fills Lake's eyes:
28) 1) dialog: [You look weary.] Caesar looks back at her, then peers out at the MASS OF DISPIRITED APE FACES. Determination sets in; he steals a look at his captors, then signs discreetly to the apes:
30) 4) dialog: [You saved our lives...]
35) 2) dialog: also looking up at Caesar, waiting with her group by the CHILDREN'S PEN, picking up tools -- she NODS -- and sudde her group moves out toward the wall too --
35) 4) text: Caesar NODS. Then quickly turns back to Lake -- as she to passes the train switch -- she looks up from her feet -- signs to Caesar: LAKE
41) 3) dialog: [If we don't dig further, we'll never get to the children! How are we going to get them out?] A sudden swell of APE GRUNTS echo the sentiment -- Caesar raises a hand to quiet the apes, peering around at GUARDS PATROLLING THE CAMP to see if the noise alerted th
41) 7) dialog: [We have to keep looking down there, see if there's another way to reach the children...] But Caesar shakes his head, gravely serious: