1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
3) 3) dialog: [Sorry, Caesar.]
3) 5) dialog: [Five?   Six--?]
6) 0) text: CLOSE ON Cornelia and Blue Eyes, as their lifeless bodies lifted from the rock floor... REVEAL CAESAR watching silently, lost in his own world; s wet, he remains completely motionless, consumed with rage pain. Beside him, Rocket, Luca and Maurice watch, shaken, the bodies are carried away. Just then Spear pushes through, reporting to Luca:
6) 6) dialog: [Caesar... I think Winter betrayed us. I'm sorry. He was in my command.] Caesar remains silent; then:
6) 8) dialog: [We're still looking.] Maurice turns to the others:
8) 0) text: Caesar rides alone, rifle in hand, the sound of the ape exodus now barely audible in the distance. Suddenly, he hears RUSTLING behind him. He turns, stops, alert. As the sound gets closer, we recognize the CLOP OF HOOVES -- the MAURICE, ROCKET, and LUCA appear, riding out of the trees They come to a halt, eyes on Caesar. Caesar returns a har look, shakes his head. But Luca is undeterred:
8) 1) dialog: [The soldiers' camp is always moving. My guards think they know where it is. Let me take you.]
9) 1) dialog: [This is where the guards thought they might be. There are always fires burning.]
9) 10) dialog: [Is he out here alone?]
11) 0) text: Caesar and Rocket mount their horses as Luca arrives with others. Maurice is about to climb up when he notices -- The Girl has followed them out. She wanders toward the de Man, his gun still a few feet away. She stares at him, looking lost, but not quite sad. Instead she exhibits a strange, almost primitive fascination with his lifeless b They all gaze at her, uncertain.   Maurice turns to Caesa
12) 0) text: The posse on the move again. The Girl rides behind Mauric arms around him, her cheek pressed into his furry back. Caesar takes in the sight, shoots Maurice a hard look... Maurice returns an assuring nod: it'll be okay. Just then, Luca GRUNTS for their attention. They all turn see CROSSES UP AHEAD ON THE SIDE OF THE TRAIL, crudely-bo branches staked into the ground. They approach warily, stopping as they discover -- A LARGE GRAVEYARD amidst the trees. A sea of crosses, marking mounds of dirt. They peer around, a bit unnerved:
12) 4) dialog: [They burned their things too.]
12) 11) dialog: [Did you find the Colonel...?] Caesar just hands the binoculars to Luca, who lifts them
12) 12) text: Beside Red, the OTHER APE HAS TURNED TOWARD US, serving t humans... As Luca FOCUSES, we recognize him, as Caesar whispers his name ominously:
14) 0) text: Winter digs under a supply table for a new bowl. Rising, catches his reflection in a grimy mirror over a wash basi He hesitates, maybe suffering a crisis of conscience -- w he sees A REFLECTED FACE lurking in the shadows behind hi He spins to see CAESAR standing there, motionless, starin Panicked, Winter turns for the exit -- but LUCA is there, blocking escape. Turns the other way -- and there's ROCKE Winter's eyes widen as Caesar takes a slow step toward hi
15) 2) dialog: [Caesar had no choice!]
18) 25) dialog: [Yes, but which way is that?!]
20) 11) dialog: [Where are you from?] No answer.    Luca turns to Caesar.
20) 12) dialog: [I don't think he understands.]
20) 50) dialog: [Maybe this is where the Colonel and the troops from the north are going to meet?] Caesar nods: maybe.    He turns back to Bad Ape.
21) 0) text: The Girl steps out alone onto the deserted porch, still wearing Bad Ape's parka. As she clutches herself against cold, something catches her eye; she looks up overhead at PINK FLOWERS of a perennial dogwood tree, poking through snow -- the only color in an otherwise stark white world. With the muffled crunch of hooves, Luca and Rocket appear guiding the four horses toward the porch. Luca notices the Girl staring up at the branch of flowers He watches a moment, then moves toward her... and reaches long arm up, snapping off a small piece of the branch. The Girl observes as Luca bends down, his massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slips the flowers behind her ear. She smiles. He blinks back at her sweetly, when -- Caesar and Maurice emerge onto the porch. Luca quickly straightens, resuming his tough guy demeanor. Maurice lowers next to the Girl, and she hops on his back He moves to his horse, and climbs up with her. Caesar, Rocket and Luca mount up as well, when -- -- the front door SQUEAKS open; they turn to see Bad Ape stepping out to join them. He wears boots, an old wool blanket on his shoulders, and a striped toque on his head
23) 11) dialog: [What are they doing?]
23) 16) dialog: (points) [What's that? A patrol?] Caesar looks --
23) 22) dialog: [At least this time... I was able to protect you...] Deeply affected, Caesar holds Luca's gaze a silent moment and then Luca releases his grasp, his hand drifting to th ground as the rest of the group looks on. Her eyes fixed the massive gorilla, the Girl climbs off Maurice's back.. The others watch, surprised, as she approaches Luca, clim onto his chest. She stares down, her little face inches f his... for the first time we see deep emotion in her eyes Luca peers up vulnerably as she removes the twig of flowe he placed behind her ear... and gently tucks it behind hi she begins to cry. Caesar is struck by her display of emotion. Luca smiles at her, then gradually his smile fad as his face grows still... and life ebbs from his eyes. TIGHT ON CAESAR, staring intensely at Luca, a mixture of and guilt in his eyes. The others watch him silently. Finally, Maurice ventures a SOFT GRUNT to him. Caesar tur