0) 3) dialog: [See what?]
0) 5) dialog: [No one could have known how much darkness was living inside of him.] A SUDDEN HIGH-PITCHED ALERT rings out, almost like a bugl They quickly look up to --
1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
1) 18) dialog: (concurring) [The woods are filled with soldiers.] Everyone falls silent.   Blue Eyes meets Caesar's gaze:
6) 0) text: CLOSE ON Cornelia and Blue Eyes, as their lifeless bodies lifted from the rock floor... REVEAL CAESAR watching silently, lost in his own world; s wet, he remains completely motionless, consumed with rage pain. Beside him, Rocket, Luca and Maurice watch, shaken, the bodies are carried away. Just then Spear pushes through, reporting to Luca:
6) 2) dialog: [He was scared. Could he have turned against us?]
6) 9) dialog: [Let's help them search.] Everyone nods, following Maurice's lead as they shuffle o giving Caesar some much-needed space... Finally -- Caesar is alone. His eyes move to where he found Blue Eyes and Cornelia; t is blood on the floor. He steps closer, in a trance; sees TWO BRASS BULLET CASINGS on the ground. Caesar crouches, expression intensifying as he reaches for the spent casin -- when he hears a NOISE behind him -- on a hair-trigger, Caesar seizes the spear, raising it furiously -- so gripp by animalistic rage that it takes a moment to realize -- his toddler son, peeking out from hiding in the rocks; Cornelius peers up in terror at his father, shrinking bac Caesar returns to his senses, lowers the spear... then, softening, he bends to the toddler and extends a hand... Cornelius is still too frightened to approach, his eyes f on the spear in Caesar's grasp. Ashamed, Caesar sets the spear on the ground, then holds arms out to his son.
7) 0) text: The entire ape community is here, urgently loading up the horses, preparing for the imminent exodus. HEADS TURN as CAESAR makes his way through the crowd; clutching a rifle one hand and holding his little son's hand in the other, fixed ahead as he crosses to -- LAKE, who stands by her horse, surrounded by Maurice, Luc and Rocket on theirs. Caesar looks at Lake. He seems stoi but his eyes belie heartbreak, and something deeper... tremendous rage:
7) 4) dialog: [Caesar!    You're not going after them?!]
7) 6) dialog: [Caesar, you are our leader!   We can't leave without you!]
8) 0) text: Caesar rides alone, rifle in hand, the sound of the ape exodus now barely audible in the distance. Suddenly, he hears RUSTLING behind him. He turns, stops, alert. As the sound gets closer, we recognize the CLOP OF HOOVES -- the MAURICE, ROCKET, and LUCA appear, riding out of the trees They come to a halt, eyes on Caesar. Caesar returns a har look, shakes his head. But Luca is undeterred:
8) 9) dialog: [That's why I'm coming.   To make sure you do.] Caesar looks at his three friends, moved, torn...
10) 12) dialog: [Something wrong with her.   I don't think she can speak.] Caesar looks coldly at the Girl, then back to Maurice:
11) 0) text: Caesar and Rocket mount their horses as Luca arrives with others. Maurice is about to climb up when he notices -- The Girl has followed them out. She wanders toward the de Man, his gun still a few feet away. She stares at him, looking lost, but not quite sad. Instead she exhibits a strange, almost primitive fascination with his lifeless b They all gaze at her, uncertain.   Maurice turns to Caesa
11) 1) dialog: [She'll die out here alone.] Caesar looks at her, a flash of pity in his eyes... but h pushes it away, turns to Maurice, firm:
11) 3) dialog: [I understand...] (then:) [But I cannot leave her.] Caesar stares at him, frustrated...
12) 0) text: The posse on the move again. The Girl rides behind Mauric arms around him, her cheek pressed into his furry back. Caesar takes in the sight, shoots Maurice a hard look... Maurice returns an assuring nod: it'll be okay. Just then, Luca GRUNTS for their attention. They all turn see CROSSES UP AHEAD ON THE SIDE OF THE TRAIL, crudely-bo branches staked into the ground. They approach warily, stopping as they discover -- A LARGE GRAVEYARD amidst the trees. A sea of crosses, marking mounds of dirt. They peer around, a bit unnerved:
12) 1) dialog: [Must be where they bury the dead.] Rocket nods, when Caesar suddenly notices the TREE TRUNKS scarred with BULLET HOLES... He glances at the ground, finding scattered BRASS BULLET CASINGS; perplexed, he poi
12) 5) dialog: [Why would they kill their own men?] ON CAESAR, mulling the mystery -- when Luca lets out anot GRUNT; they turn as he points through the trees at pinpri of FIRE LIGHT and TENTS in the distance. It's the base ca Caesar tenses in grim anticipation --
15) 0) text: Tense silence. The apes and Girl sit by a fire, isolated the trees; Maurice studies Caesar's face as he gazes into flames, deeply unsettled. Then Maurice turns to the other who look equally plagued. Finally, Rocket turns to Mauric
15) 3) dialog: [So what do we do now?]
16) 1) dialog: [The soldiers are going!] Caesar turns to see Rocket and Luca twenty feet away, crouching anxiously behind the trees, peering into the distance -- we hear the APPROACHING THUNDER of horses...
18) 19) dialog: (struck; to Caesar) [He can not speak either...?] The apes all exchange looks; Caesar turns to Rocket:
18) 21) dialog: [What is wrong with them...?] Caesar just shakes his head: I don't know...      And we
18) 23) dialog: [Where could they have gone?!]
20) 0) text: An ornate glass door   slowly opens... Caesar, Rocket, an enter, guns first...    As they pass us, the door swings behind them... HOLD    as Maurice and the Girl wait outsi pressing their faces   to THE FROSTY DOOR PANE -- their e fill with a sense of   amazement as we CUT TO:
20) 38) dialog: [Amazing... Always thought we were the only ones. Wonder if there are others out there somewhere? Others like us.] Just as Caesar begins to contemplate the mind-blowing thought, Bad Ape bounds back in, hurriedly passing out packages of vacuum-foiled food rations (M.R.E.'s).
21) 0) text: The Girl steps out alone onto the deserted porch, still wearing Bad Ape's parka. As she clutches herself against cold, something catches her eye; she looks up overhead at PINK FLOWERS of a perennial dogwood tree, poking through snow -- the only color in an otherwise stark white world. With the muffled crunch of hooves, Luca and Rocket appear guiding the four horses toward the porch. Luca notices the Girl staring up at the branch of flowers He watches a moment, then moves toward her... and reaches long arm up, snapping off a small piece of the branch. The Girl observes as Luca bends down, his massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slips the flowers behind her ear. She smiles. He blinks back at her sweetly, when -- Caesar and Maurice emerge onto the porch. Luca quickly straightens, resuming his tough guy demeanor. Maurice lowers next to the Girl, and she hops on his back He moves to his horse, and climbs up with her. Caesar, Rocket and Luca mount up as well, when -- -- the front door SQUEAKS open; they turn to see Bad Ape stepping out to join them. He wears boots, an old wool blanket on his shoulders, and a striped toque on his head
22) 0) text: The group silently weaves its way through snow-covered tr The Girl watches curiously as Caesar removes his canteen his saddle bag. Maurice notices her staring, follows her gaze to see Caesar drinking. Maurice grunts softly to her She turns, and he gestures at Caesar, making the sign for
22) 1) dialog: [Thirsty.] (repeats for her, teaching) [Thirsty.] She just stares blankly at Maurice. He takes her small ha in his, demonstrating the way to sign the word. Caesar notices, lowering his canteen, quietly intrigued. Maurice demonstrates again. But the Girl shows no interes or understanding. Her eyes return to Caesar -- who for th first time softens, offering a sympathetic gaze.
23) 23) dialog: [I know how much you have lost... But now we have lost another.] Caesar just stares, inscrutable.
23) 24) dialog: [Please... it's not too late to leave this place. To rejoin the others.] Emotion stirring, Rocket cannot hold back --
23) 29) dialog: [Caesar...] But Caesar turns away. He shakes his head grimly; then utters quietly, consumed:
23) 31) dialog: [Now you sound like Koba.] Caesar turns to his friend, suddenly seething; the look i his eyes is chilling:
26) 30) dialog: Lowering the binoculars, in utter shock; lying beside him Rocket and Bad Ape, eyes glued to his expression. Maurice hands Rocket the binoculars to see for himself --
26) 36) dialog: [Must think! What would Caesar do?]
27) 78) dialog: (worried) [How is he?] Rocket shakes his head: not good. He rises, waves for the to follow him further down the mountain. They start to go
29) 2) dialog: [How will we get in?   Humans everywhere.]
31) 0) text: Maurice holds the scavenged flashlight as he and Rocket finish clearing RUBBLE; behind them a length of narrow tu recedes. They look around at the area they've cleared...
31) 2) dialog: (turns to Rocket) [Sick humans must have tried to escape underground!] Rocket nods and as they start to explore deeper, we CUT T
32) 0) text: Maurice and Rocket head down the tunnel --
32) 2) dialog: [Wonder how close we are... to where soldiers keep apes?] He lifts his flashlight to the ceiling; they both look up
33) 0) text: Rocket and Maurice clamber urgently out behind Bad Ape, w stops at the edge of the rocks -- pointing frantically wi two fingers again and again at the opening in the barrier wall -- trying to sign:
34) 17) dialog: [If humans see her, they will kill her...]
36) 0) text: Maurice stares at the compass in his hand as Bad Ape watc holding the flashlight... finally, Maurice lifts his head and POINTS TO TWO DIFFERENT SPOTS ALONG THE TUNNEL WALL. Bad Ape nods eagerly, moves to one of the spots, and STAR TO DIG tentatively, looking to Maurice for approval; Maur nods, goes to the other spot, STARTS DIGGING as well.
37) 19) dialog: [Brave.] She hesitates, then slowly mimics him: THE GIRL
37) 20) text: [...Brave?] Maurice nods, proud; the Girl smiles, then signs uncertai
37) 27) dialog: (pointing at her) Nova. The Girl (now NOVA) takes the emblem back, staring at it it glints in her hand; she looks up at Maurice, pleased w her name -- when A GRUNT comes from behind; they turn -- BAD APE stands excitedly at the mouth of their tunnel.
40) 0) text: MUD AND WATER GUSH IN through a WIDENING FISSURE in the w where Maurice had been digging -- Maurice and Bad Ape try desperately to plug the opening with earth and rocks...
41) 19) text: You... Livid, he raises his gun, about to shoot -- when an ORANG HAND SEIZES HIS ANKLE from below and YANKS HIM DOWN INTO HOLE IN THE GROUND! The Apes all stare at the hole... And a moment later, BOYLE'S KEYS are TOSSED BACK UP. Rocket moves forward and snatches them up. He looks down into the hole at Maurice; they share a determined look; t Maurice HANDS HIM UP Boyle's RIFLE --
43) 21) dialog: Staring up urgently from the hole in the adult pen... as Caesar and the apes converge above; Caesar and Rocket beg HANDING THE CHILDREN DOWN...
44) 7) text: Go!   Go go go...! Nova climbs onto Maurice's back, and they rush off, leadi the little apes SINGLE FILE from behind the rocks, dashin out across an EXPOSED STRETCH OF FLATS under the cover of darkness -- and heading up into the mountain on the side the camp...
48) 77) dialog: (filled with emotion) Son will know... who was father... and what Caesar... did... for us. Caesar smiles, tears now in his eyes too. He turns back t his son for a last look... As we CUT CLOSE ON --