26) 45) dialog: Alright -- that's good. Red turns. Preacher jerks his head: go. Red takes a last menacing look at Caesar, then starts down the platform. Preacher watches him go... then turns back to Caesar; he hesitates... then lowers his voice, hurriedly confidin
26) 46) dialog: Look, I owe you one, so let me set you straight here, ok? I think he respects you, he does... that's why you're still alive. But believe me, he can do a lot worse than this. I've seen it. (haunted, almost a whisper) You do not want to agitate the man. Understand? So just... He gestures with his hand: back off. Disturbed, Caesar ho his gaze; then watches as Preacher descends the platform.
27) 2) text: Interfere with the work again, and I'll begin slaughtering the apes, one by one. Understand? I need that wall. He looks up coldly at Caesar, then nods at Preacher: that all -- they start to lead Caesar out, but he won't go yet CAESAR
27) 10) dialog: C'mon -- But Caesar stands firm, eyes fixed on the Colonel:
27) 42) text: What did I do, Preacher? PREACHER
27) 57) text: I can see how conflicted you are. You're confused in your purpose. You're angry at me because of something I did that was an act of war. But you're taking this all much too personally. Preacher watches as The Colonel steps forward, venturing closer to Caesar, seemingly unconcerned for his safety... PREACHER
27) 58) text: ...sir -- The Colonel holds up his hand to silence Preacher as he s right in front of Caesar again, eye to eye... Caesar burn tortured by the agonizing effort to restrain his rage... THE COLONEL
27) 63) text: Or is killing me more important...? The Colonel lingers tauntingly... finally, he turns to Preacher -- and as Preacher and Red move in, we --
27) 66) text: Didn't I tell you not to agitate him? That was not smart, man... Caesar glances at Preacher, then at Red behind them; he t forward, speaks softly to Preacher, a hint of sympathy: CAESAR
27) 67) text: If this battle is coming... you should leave, while you still can. Preacher turns to him; then abruptly stops:
27) 68) dialog: Leave?     What are you talking about? CAESAR
27) 69) text: You are not like him. Preacher looks at Caesar, taken aback -- maybe even offen PREACHER
27) 70) text: He was right, you do think he's sick, don't you? You're just like them. He's not crazy. The world's gone crazy. And he's the only one with the vision to get us through this. The Colonel's a great man. He sacrificed everything for us. You can't judge him. Who are you to judge him? (darkening) I was trying to give you a heads up, keep you out of his way, I don't even know why. But if you think you and I have some kind of relationship -- that you're gonna give me, what, advice? You can disavow yourself of that notion right fucking now. Caesar is stunned.    Preacher raises his crossbow:
27) 74) dialog: C'mon, kong. He glances back, nodding to Red O.S., and we --
28) 0) text: Caesar waits grimly at the base of the platform, as Red unshackles his hands; Preacher stands guard, the X loomin Caesar looks up to discover APES gathered at the bars of their pen, unseen by Red and Preacher, whose backs are to them. Their starved faces are etched with worry for Caesa He softens, eyes settling on Lake's gentle gaze as Red continues to unshackle him. Concern fills Lake's eyes:
28) 6) dialog: Get off! The Apes look scared for Caesar as Red yanks him down. Recovering, Caesar lifts his head, glancing meaningfully at Lake, then rises to his feet... Confused, Lake watches as Caesar continues up the steps - when she notices CAESAR'S HAND slipping behind his back - the hand subtly opens, Lake suddenly SEES Caesar is caref showing her something -- Preacher's shackle key is now concealed in Caesar's palm, small key ring looped slyly around his middle finger. Lake can't believe her eyes; with dawning hope she turns, points it out to the others -- their eyes widen, exciteme spreading as they watch him ascend the platform...
34) 38) text: We can not fail. We're the last defense. Somewhere in this world there are more survivors. And whether they know it or not, they are counting on us. To show the will to protect them against this new plague. We've seen it here. And it's already spreading up north. If we lose this battle, there'll be nothing to stop it from spreading everywhere. If we lose, in a matter of months, the human race will gasp its last words, and go silent. Just another dumb animal, left to roam a godforsaken world. He comes to a stop in the Soldier's midst -- Preacher clo by, gazing intently -- the Colonel's tone growing intimat
34) 43) text: Send him up to the quarry.    Alone. Red fastens shackles to Caesar's ankles and wrists, and l at Preacher, who is searching through his key rings -- he can't find the shackle key; suddenly nervous, his eyes da to the Colonel, as he continues searching in vain... Impatient, the Colonel calls out to Boyle who's passing b with the first groups of chained apes -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 45) text: (turning to Caesar) What is this...? But Caesar is silent.   The Colonel turns to Preacher -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 46) text: How did this get in there? Preacher shakes his head, looking pale: PREACHER
37) 7) text: You know Kerna shoot apes tomorrow... when wall is done. Caesar's eyes shift briefly to Preacher's, who looks away Then he turns back to Red: CAESAR
42) 0) text: Caesar urgently feels for something along the wall above cage door -- until he finds where he's hidden Preacher's He bends down and immediately begins unshackling his feet He gets one free -- when -- he hears FOOTSTEPS... He stop quickly turns, seeing -- THE FIGURE OF THE COLONEL approaching in the distance. Caesar straightens, carefully palming the key, eyes on th Colonel heading toward the pens... as Rocket, across the slowly hides Boyle's rifle behind his back...
42) 19) text: [...What was that?] Caesar shakes his head, just as confused. Then returns to action, bending down to unshackle his other ankle -- he unlocks it -- then TOSSES PREACHER'S KEY TO -- ROCKET, who reaches through the pen bars and catches them air; he quickly unshackles himself, TOSSES THE KEY to --
46) 0) text: More Soldiers rush past -- when one SLOWS, looking RIGHT US in utter shock. It's Preacher: PREACHER
46) 5) dialog: 