0) 12) dialog: [It was a long journey --]
1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
4) 3) dialog: [I heard him talking!   The Colonel is here!] Caesar's eyes go wide -- he takes the torch from Luca, mo down close to look at the body... immediately recognizing TRAVIS, the defiant soldier whose life he spared. Suddenl an eerie crackle comes back over Travis' headset:
6) 0) text: CLOSE ON Cornelia and Blue Eyes, as their lifeless bodies lifted from the rock floor... REVEAL CAESAR watching silently, lost in his own world; s wet, he remains completely motionless, consumed with rage pain. Beside him, Rocket, Luca and Maurice watch, shaken, the bodies are carried away. Just then Spear pushes through, reporting to Luca:
7) 0) text: The entire ape community is here, urgently loading up the horses, preparing for the imminent exodus. HEADS TURN as CAESAR makes his way through the crowd; clutching a rifle one hand and holding his little son's hand in the other, fixed ahead as he crosses to -- LAKE, who stands by her horse, surrounded by Maurice, Luc and Rocket on theirs. Caesar looks at Lake. He seems stoi but his eyes belie heartbreak, and something deeper... tremendous rage:
8) 0) text: Caesar rides alone, rifle in hand, the sound of the ape exodus now barely audible in the distance. Suddenly, he hears RUSTLING behind him. He turns, stops, alert. As the sound gets closer, we recognize the CLOP OF HOOVES -- the MAURICE, ROCKET, and LUCA appear, riding out of the trees They come to a halt, eyes on Caesar. Caesar returns a har look, shakes his head. But Luca is undeterred:
8) 2) dialog: [You'll need me to back you up.] Rocket reveals a rifle in his hand.    But Caesar remains
8) 7) dialog: [Please... I know what it's like... to lose a son.] That strikes a chord; Caesar looks at him, affected...
9) 11) dialog: [Maybe he's a deserter?] Caesar doesn't respond, eyes on the dead man -- when a MU CRASH comes from behind; they all turn to THE AIRSTREAM..
10) 0) text: The faces of the apes slowly appear, gazing warily in at Caesar and Rocket have their guns drawn.
11) 0) text: Caesar and Rocket mount their horses as Luca arrives with others. Maurice is about to climb up when he notices -- The Girl has followed them out. She wanders toward the de Man, his gun still a few feet away. She stares at him, looking lost, but not quite sad. Instead she exhibits a strange, almost primitive fascination with his lifeless b They all gaze at her, uncertain.   Maurice turns to Caesa
15) 0) text: Tense silence. The apes and Girl sit by a fire, isolated the trees; Maurice studies Caesar's face as he gazes into flames, deeply unsettled. Then Maurice turns to the other who look equally plagued. Finally, Rocket turns to Mauric
15) 1) dialog: [Winter had it coming!] Maurice nods, uneasy; Luca looks up, convincing himself:
15) 4) dialog: [Wait for the soldiers to leave.   Follow them to the Colonel.] Maurice turns again to Caesar, who is still in his own wo lifting a gourd canteen to his lips. He takes a drink... when, out of the corner of his eye, he sees the Girl besi him, staring at him guilelessly. He looks at her askance for a moment, deadpan, then hands the gourd, and she guzzles thirstily. Caesar watches -- -- when suddenly his eyes shift, startled to discover a D FIGURE on the other side of the fire... Alarmed and bewildered, Caesar peers through the flames.. amazed to see it's AN APE sitting across from him, his he lowered ominously. Fire dances on Caesar's pupils as he stares at the figure, haunted... ...when suddenly, the Ape lifts his face, grinning at Cae through the distorting waves of heat -- Caesar looks haun
18) 4) dialog: (tense) [Looks like they stopped!] Caesar urgently raises his hand to stop his posse --
18) 9) dialog: (to Caesar) [What are they shooting at?!]
18) 13) dialog: [They're gone...] As he approaches, Caesar sees something -- he stops his horse:
20) 0) text: An ornate glass door   slowly opens... Caesar, Rocket, an enter, guns first...    As they pass us, the door swings behind them... HOLD    as Maurice and the Girl wait outsi pressing their faces   to THE FROSTY DOOR PANE -- their e fill with a sense of   amazement as we CUT TO:
20) 7) dialog: [Who are you?] But Bad Ape just tilts his head, not comprehending. Our a exchange uncertain looks. Then Luca turns to Bad Ape, lee
20) 13) dialog: (to Caesar) [I don't recognize him.   He's not one of us.] Caesar regards the odd little chimp a moment; then SPEAKS
20) 49) dialog: [An old, deserted military camp on the border...?]
21) 0) text: The Girl steps out alone onto the deserted porch, still wearing Bad Ape's parka. As she clutches herself against cold, something catches her eye; she looks up overhead at PINK FLOWERS of a perennial dogwood tree, poking through snow -- the only color in an otherwise stark white world. With the muffled crunch of hooves, Luca and Rocket appear guiding the four horses toward the porch. Luca notices the Girl staring up at the branch of flowers He watches a moment, then moves toward her... and reaches long arm up, snapping off a small piece of the branch. The Girl observes as Luca bends down, his massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slips the flowers behind her ear. She smiles. He blinks back at her sweetly, when -- Caesar and Maurice emerge onto the porch. Luca quickly straightens, resuming his tough guy demeanor. Maurice lowers next to the Girl, and she hops on his back He moves to his horse, and climbs up with her. Caesar, Rocket and Luca mount up as well, when -- -- the front door SQUEAKS open; they turn to see Bad Ape stepping out to join them. He wears boots, an old wool blanket on his shoulders, and a striped toque on his head
23) 19) dialog: [I saw them from up there... Coming for you...] They both turn immediately to Luca... who is rolling painfully off the dead man; he looks at them helplessly, GASPING, clutching his gut... CUT TO:
23) 28) dialog: [Luca gave his life!   We can not turn back -- !] Maurice remains fixed on Caesar --
26) 35) dialog: [Must save them! But how?]
29) 0) text: Rocket leads as the group sneaks along the base of the wa They arrive at a spot where the wall has come down, steal look around the edge, peering into the camp... ...to see the apes in their pens, Caesar on the X, and between here and there, SOLDIERS on duty -- -- when suddenly they hear the sound of HOOVES approachin as a SOLDIER ON HORSEBACK exits the front gate on patrol, heading their way -- ! Panicked, THEY DASH ACROSS THE EXPANSE, heading for an OUTCROPPING OF LARGE ROCKS a hundred feet from the wall -
29) 3) dialog: (undeterred) [Must get in somehow...]
31) 0) text: Maurice holds the scavenged flashlight as he and Rocket finish clearing RUBBLE; behind them a length of narrow tu recedes. They look around at the area they've cleared...
32) 0) text: Maurice and Rocket head down the tunnel --
32) 1) dialog: [Must be under the camp by now!] They stop in a cavernous concrete hub where the sewage tunnels converge --
32) 4) text: Apes work on the wall in the distance, some HOISTING heav 12 ROCKET LAUNCHERS into place above -- when -- we HEAR a QUIET RUSTLING sound -- which continues as we PULL FOCUS the train rail in front of us, and begin PUSHING TOWARD I As we clear over the rail, we TIP DOWN to see the BALLAST GRAVEL under the tracks STARTING TO MOVE... The stones SHUDDER, and suddenly begin to FUNNEL DOWNWARD as we CUT
33) 0) text: Rocket and Maurice clamber urgently out behind Bad Ape, w stops at the edge of the rocks -- pointing frantically wi two fingers again and again at the opening in the barrier wall -- trying to sign:
34) 25) dialog: [Feeling better?]
35) 1) dialog: waiting to be brought out of the pen, chained to a group other apes; he glances surreptitiously up at Caesar -- Ro NODS -- as Rocket's group is ordered out -- CAESAR WATCHES for a moment as Rocket's group heads towar the wall -- then he turns quickly to FIND --
38) 9) dialog: [This is the ape I told you about.] They all stare at him again, fascinated.       The look-o forward, and SIGNS to Bad Ape:
38) 17) dialog: [What's wrong?]
39) 0) text: Caesar waits alone, staring     tensely at the apes acros way, all huddled around the     hole, backs to us. Rocket suddenly breaks through the     crowd to report to Caesar has been anxiously awaiting     news. Rocket looks grave:
39) 1) dialog: [There's a problem.] As worry creeps into Caesar's face, we CUT TO --
41) 2) dialog: [We can't dig any further, it will flood the whole tunnel!]
41) 10) dialog: [How...?]
41) 19) text: You... Livid, he raises his gun, about to shoot -- when an ORANG HAND SEIZES HIS ANKLE from below and YANKS HIM DOWN INTO HOLE IN THE GROUND! The Apes all stare at the hole... And a moment later, BOYLE'S KEYS are TOSSED BACK UP. Rocket moves forward and snatches them up. He looks down into the hole at Maurice; they share a determined look; t Maurice HANDS HIM UP Boyle's RIFLE --
42) 0) text: Caesar urgently feels for something along the wall above cage door -- until he finds where he's hidden Preacher's He bends down and immediately begins unshackling his feet He gets one free -- when -- he hears FOOTSTEPS... He stop quickly turns, seeing -- THE FIGURE OF THE COLONEL approaching in the distance. Caesar straightens, carefully palming the key, eyes on th Colonel heading toward the pens... as Rocket, across the slowly hides Boyle's rifle behind his back...
42) 18) text: (quietly paranoid) What's going on here? Caesar frowns at him, disquieted and perplexed... The Colonel's eyes dart suspiciously around him; he cranes hi neck to peer up through the falling snow at the guard tow but the angle is too steep to see if anyone is up there - A CLANK at his feet makes him look down... where he finds he's dropped his flask. He picks it up, looks at it as if having no memory of even bringing it out here. Suddenly self-conscious, he looks around at the apes in t pen, all staring back at him -- and then at Caesar. He slowly backs away, then turns, retreating through the darkness to his tower. Caesar watches him go, then turns to find Rocket and the other apes looking at him, confused. ROCKET
42) 19) text: [...What was that?] Caesar shakes his head, just as confused. Then returns to action, bending down to unshackle his other ankle -- he unlocks it -- then TOSSES PREACHER'S KEY TO -- ROCKET, who reaches through the pen bars and catches them air; he quickly unshackles himself, TOSSES THE KEY to --
42) 25) dialog: [Now?] CAESAR
43) 13) text: We glimpse the side of the Guard's head as he stares down eating -- REVEAL ROCKET, keeping lookout on the guard from the door behind him the children are huddled with Caesar -- Caesar hustles the children toward a LIGHT POLE, quickly hoistin one after another up onto it --
44) 10) text: [Hurry!   Let's go!] But Caesar stays motionless, eyes fixed intently on the Colonel's still lighted window. ROCKET (CONT'D)
44) 12) text: By the time the sun rises, you'll all be on your way... to a new home. (finally, he turns) Hurry, you must go. And now it hits Rocket, Caesar is not coming with him -- ROCKET
44) 18) text: And I still cannot escape mine. He took too much from me. After a long moment, he turns back to Rocket; Rocket nods his eyes now unexpectedly emotional. Caesar puts a hand around Rocket's head, pulls his forehead against his -- a final embrace. He pulls back, says softly:
48) 5) dialog: DESPERATELY FIRING Boyle's automatic rifle, trying to pro cover for the FLEEING APES who are now PINNED BELOW IN CH -- as BEHIND HIM ON THE ROCKS, Bad Ape and another HORDE APES are gathered helplessly around the hole, some apes s crawling out to discover there's now nowhere to go...
48) 70) text: As Caesar, Cornelius on his shoulder, walks with the othe past a huge, rusted SIGN: "FORBIDDEN ZONE." Caesar looks Rocket, uncertain... but Rocket points reassuringly ahead at a DISTANT DESERT VOLCANO. As they continue onward, we