3) 9) dialog: Lima-two to command. Colonel, intel's good. I'm in the target area. Are you close? Blue Eyes tightens his grip on a SPEAR in his hand... on him, as he waits, coiled to pounce -- The green glow of the beam spills into the cave, sweeping interior, getting closer, closer -- when -- Blue Eyes SPRINGS FORWARD! STAY ON a terrified Cornelia a the toddler as we HEAR a sudden VIOLENT SCUFFLE, chaotic flashes of green illuminating Cornelia's horrified reacti The space finally goes quiet, and we -- CUT WIDE TO SEE BLUE EYES IN PROFILE, standing over the b of the intruder; it's LANG, the tattooed female soldier, rifle on the floor a few feet away. Blue Eyes clutches hi spear, catching his breath -- when --
4) 1) dialog: Lima-four to command.   Colonel, did you get him--? -- when suddenly A SHAPE tackles him from behind -- SMASH the Soldier against the walls like a rag doll -- SILENCED MUZZLE FLASHES STROBING as the soldier involuntarily pull the trigger! The space goes black again as the Soldier is dropped in a heap. A SILENT BEAT. Then, approaching TORCHLIGHT flickers on t walls... revealing the shape to be ROCKET; he reaches dow and grimly retrieves the gun from the dead soldier on the ground. Rocket looks up as Caesar and Luca arrive with th torch.
12) 10) text: A PAIR OF TURNCOAT APES walk into view -- the binoculars follow them as they cross to an area where LARGE GROUPS O SOLDIERS are gathered around CAMP FIRES; as the apes begi dutifully pouring drink into the humans' cups, one turns toward us -- we recognize him as RED. The apes watch Caesar peering; when suddenly his expressi hardens. He slowly lowers the glasses, anger burning...
13) 0) text: We're inside the human camp now. Red and Winter quietly ladle stew from a bucket to Soldiers sitting around the f A volatile soldier with tortured eyes (BOYLE) calls out i low, menacing voice to Winter:
26) 0) text: Caesar labors, just another slave in the sea of apes pass brutally heavy boulders to be laid into the growing wall, Soldiers keep GUNS trained on them. Caesar squints out at even more apes perched dangerously on the rock shelf abov the tanker cars, quarrying for the stones. Beside him, Lake heaves another boulder; Caesar peers pas her at the apes around them; they look WEARY, GAUNT; on t framework above, EXHAUSTED apes -- Ape Elder among them - battle to lift boulders on ropes. Lake sees the anguish o Caesar's face as he takes in the suffering, she signs:
27) 31) text: Ten months ago, we sent out recon units to look for your base. They found nothing. My own son was a soldier with one of the groups. One day he suddenly stopped speaking. He became... primitive. Like an animal. They contacted me, said they thought he lost his mind, that the war was too much for him. But then the man caring for him stopped speaking too. Their medic had a theory, before he stopped speaking. That the virus that almost wiped us out -- the virus every human survivor still carries В­- had suddenly changed... Mutated. (peers at Caesar) (MORE)
27) 76) text: Snow drifts down around them as they march Caesar through yard, past the soldiers' barracks, LIGHTS inside GOING OU one by one... REVEAL --
29) 0) text: Rocket leads as the group sneaks along the base of the wa They arrive at a spot where the wall has come down, steal look around the edge, peering into the camp... ...to see the apes in their pens, Caesar on the X, and between here and there, SOLDIERS on duty -- -- when suddenly they hear the sound of HOOVES approachin as a SOLDIER ON HORSEBACK exits the front gate on patrol, heading their way -- ! Panicked, THEY DASH ACROSS THE EXPANSE, heading for an OUTCROPPING OF LARGE ROCKS a hundred feet from the wall -
34) 38) text: We can not fail. We're the last defense. Somewhere in this world there are more survivors. And whether they know it or not, they are counting on us. To show the will to protect them against this new plague. We've seen it here. And it's already spreading up north. If we lose this battle, there'll be nothing to stop it from spreading everywhere. If we lose, in a matter of months, the human race will gasp its last words, and go silent. Just another dumb animal, left to roam a godforsaken world. He comes to a stop in the Soldier's midst -- Preacher clo by, gazing intently -- the Colonel's tone growing intimat
35) 5) text: Caesar NODS -- and immediately begins to climb, pulling himself up to a ledge above -- when -- PING!-PING! -- BUL kick off the stones around him! He freezes, looks down at SOLDIERS standing guard ATOP THE FUEL TANKER RAILCARS -- of them lowers his rifle, yells out to Caesar --
45) 0) text: LIGHTS blink on in the windows as waking SOLDIERS flood i the yard with weapons -- we PAN WITH THEM as they RUSH fo the wall, SHOUTING -- SOLDIER
45) 1) text: Holy shit -- they're here!!! As they race by, the CAMERA FINDS CAESAR, hidden, crouche beside the building, watching them go, taking this news i He waits until the Soldiers pass, then BOLTS UP ONTO --
45) 6) dialog: 
46) 0) text: More Soldiers rush past -- when one SLOWS, looking RIGHT US in utter shock. It's Preacher: PREACHER