4) 4) dialog: 99, target acquired!... Caesar picks up the dislodged headset, raises it to his e
4) 5) dialog: ...Repeat, target is down! I got him. Let's go! I can get out from here! Caesar's face goes ashen as horror dawns...
4) 14) dialog: Get me out! Now!! Then he turns -- and LEAPS STRAIGHT THROUGH THE WATERFALL Caesar raises his head just in time to see --
5) 0) text: Caesar crashes through the water, hands flailing for -- THE ROPE! He grabs at it -- IT CAREENS WILDLY!      Caesa on tight, looks up to see -- THE COLONEL high above -- clinging to the suddenly jerkin line -- he looks down to see CAESAR starting to climb up furiously after him... The Colonel, unfazed, seizes a KNIFE from his boot as -- Caesar closes in, climbing, about to reach him -- when -- THE COLONEL CUTS THE LINE -- and -- Caesar PLUMMETS -- down, down, down -- INTO THE RIVER BEL An excruciating beat -- then Caesar SPRINGS UP from the water, gasping, enraged -- he peers up in agony to SEE -- THE COLONEL disappearing over the TOP OF THE CLIFF!
23) 54) dialog: Grant and Lee... Wellington and Napoleon... A SHAPE finally enters the light: it's THE COLONEL, who studies Caesar inscrutably:
23) 55) dialog: Custer... and Sitting Bull. (then) You're probably not much of a reader. But this is... this is a big moment. This is... beyond... historic. Caesar glares up at him, rage welling...
23) 56) dialog: Where were you...? (then) We came upon your herd... we got lucky. But I was surprised. You weren't with them. They stare at each other an intense beat... Caesar crawls menacingly toward him -- but is instantly YANKED BACK HAR GASPING, Caesar reaches for his throat to discover his wr are shackled and his neck is CHAINED by a NECK COLLAR... Writhing, he turns to see RED cruelly gripping the end of chain. Preacher takes a step closer, levelling his crossb threateningly; Caesar's eyes lock with his. The Colonel watches their stare-down:
23) 57) dialog: I hope you don't come to regret sparing his life. He's quite a good shot. The Colonel just watches Caesar a beat; beneath the chill stillness of his eyes we sense something dangerous, damag
23) 58) dialog: Have you finally come to save your apes?
23) 63) dialog: I see... I kill somebody close to you that night...? Caesar looks him right in the eye, unblinking...
23) 65) dialog: I'm sorry.     I was there to kill you. Caesar just glares up at him, the Colonel so close... Str the Colonel inches even closer:
23) 66) dialog: My God, look at your eyes... they're almost human... (a long beat; then) How did you know I was here?
23) 68) dialog: (a cryptic beat) Joining me...?
23) 70) dialog: (he smiles) Who told you that? But Caesar won't answer. The Colonel just stares at him, then turns to Red and NODS:
23) 74) dialog: Ok, let's go. Red quickly responds --
24) 4) dialog: (not even looking at him) Any more trouble tonight?
24) 6) dialog: You could use a haircut there, son. (seeing the other guard) You too, soldier.
25) 15) dialog: watching the brutality; he stops shaving a moment, calmly pulls a FLASK from his hip, and takes a slow drink; then disappears into the tower again.
26) 16) dialog: watches as Caesar is marched into the yard, and thrust on his knees beside Ape Elder. The Colonel considers Caesar; then, eyes still on him, gestures calmly to the Turncoats The Turncoats tighten their grip on Caesar's arms -- and suddenly WHIPS Caesar's back with a VICIOUS SNAP! The APES' CHANTING SUDDENLY FALTERS as -- Caesar WINCES -- but he refuses to break eye-contact with Colonel, who stares back, a battle of wills... The Colonel nods; and Red LASHES Caesar again! Spirits broken, the apes go SILENT; beside Caesar, Ape El drops his eyes. Red looks to the Colonel, lowering his switch -- but the Colonel's eyes remain fixed on Caesar's, the two leaders staring at each other, neither giving in... And then the Colonel NODS to Red again. Surprised, Red hesitates -- then, LASHES Caesar once more, the CRACK ech through the silent camp. The Colonel coldly nods again; e Red is shaken by the Colonel's relentlessness. Red slowly lifts his whip again -- and -- WHAP! Caesar finally DROPS HIS HEAD, broken by the pain. GASPS ripple through the apes. The Colonel nods to the Turncoats, who release Caesar; he crumples to the ground.
26) 17) dialog: ...Ok.   Back to work. The SOLDIERS YELL for the apes to get back to work; but t apes just stare at Caesar, worried, as he lies on the gro Caesar finally lifts his head, his face now smeared in MU he looks at the apes, then glowers back at the Colonel, fiercely gritting his teeth:
26) 22) dialog: Please.    Tell them to work.
26) 24) dialog: (an eerie calm) Tell them. Caesar stares silently at him, unflinching, trembling wit rage -- as the Colonel SLOWLY COUNTS DOWN:
26) 25) dialog: Five...    Four... He tightens his finger on the trigger; but Caesar remains stoic, willing to die...
26) 26) dialog: Three...   Two... And suddenly an APE by the wall quickly reaches out and p up one of the boulders, desperate to save Caesar's life - It's LAKE. The Colonel pauses at the sight, gun still raised... Caesar turns to see her, surprised... And then ANOTHER APE picks up a boulder. Then another... Caesar watches, distraught, as more and more apes pick up stones and tools. The Colonel finally lowers his gun. Caesar glares back at him bitterly.
26) 27) dialog: (turns to Red) String him up, donkey. And the Colonel heads off; Preacher stares down at Caesar with pity as Red moves in... CUT TO:
27) 0) text: The Colonel stands with his back to us, leaning on a map- covered table in the former window-lined control center, smoke rises from sage and grass smudge burning in a tin b
27) 3) text: Apes... need food... water. THE COLONEL
27) 5) text: Give them food and water... or they will not be able to finish. The Colonel looks up, amused by Caesar's audacity.
27) 6) dialog: You know you're very emotional. (then) What makes you think you're in a position to make demands? Caesar doesn't reply. The Colonel turns back to the map - Preacher nervously tugs again on Caesar's chain --
27) 13) dialog: I was told you were smart, but... that's impressive. He stares at Caesar a moment; then finally:
27) 14) dialog: No.   They won't be joining me.
27) 16) dialog: They... fear me.
27) 20) dialog: Jesus Christ... you are impressive. (then, almost enjoying this)
27) 26) text: I think... you have no mercy. The Colonel goes still, a deep nerve struck.    He DARKEN THE COLONEL
27) 28) text: I showed you mercy... when I spared your men. I offered you peace. And you killed my family. THE COLONEL
27) 29) text: (low, with contempt) Mercy. Do you have any idea what your mercy would do to us? Caesar stares warily, confused by the simmering rage he s to have provoked in the Colonel. THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 30) text: You're much stronger than we are. And you're smart as hell. No matter what you say, you'd eventually replace us, that's the law of Nature. The irony is, we created you. We tried to defy Nature, bend it to our will. And Nature's been punishing us for our arrogance ever since. Testing us. Even now. Caesar searches the Colonel's ominous expression...     T THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 35) text: And if it spread, it would destroy humanity for good this time. Not by killing us... but by robbing us of the things that make us human. Our speech, our higher thinking... It would turn us into beasts... not unlike what you all used to be. You talk about mercy...? What would you have done? Caesar stares back, unnerved, challenged... he has no ans THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 36) text: Well, it was a moment of clarity for me. I realized I would have to sacrifice my only son, so that humanity could be saved. I held that gun in my hand, and I pointed it at my only child. (emotion in his eyes as he remembers) He looked at me with trust in his eyes, all he had left in his primitive gaze. And I pulled the trigger. It purified me. It made my purpose clear. His eyes finally return to Caesar's, who looks stunned. THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 43) text: (a beat, quietly) You severed their heads, sir. THE COLONEL
27) 44) text: Except for the one I spared, so he could return to deliver a message: if they wanted to relieve me of my command, they'd have to meet me here, and do it themselves. Caesar stares, his eyes questioning what the Colonel mean THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 45) text: This place used to be a weapons depot. They turned it into a relocation camp when the crisis was just beginning. But the weapons are all still here, inside that mountain. (a beat) This is a holy war. All of human history has led to this moment. And if we lose, we'll be the last of our kind. It will be a planet of apes. And we'll become your cattle. Caesar just stares, unsettled; they hold each other's eye THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 47) text: How many... will be coming? THE COLONEL
27) 48) text: Probably all of them. Don't get any ideas -- only thing they fear more than me is you apes. They never questioned my methods when it came to you. He moves closer, looking at Caesar's face, his tone quiet THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 49) text: I didn't mean to kill your son... Caesar remains totally still as the Colonel studies him.. The Colonel's nearness is almost too much to bear...
27) 53) text: (leaning in even closer) But if his destiny was to inherit your unholy kingdom... then I'm glad I did. A sudden rage surges behind Caesar's eyes -- HE LUNGES -- The Colonel LEAPS BACKWARD -- Caesar's fingers GROPING FO HIS THROAT as he SCRAMBLES out of reach JUST IN TIME -- R
27) 56) text: So emotional! The Colonel watches, smile fading as Caesar finally relen THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
27) 57) text: I can see how conflicted you are. You're confused in your purpose. You're angry at me because of something I did that was an act of war. But you're taking this all much too personally. Preacher watches as The Colonel steps forward, venturing closer to Caesar, seemingly unconcerned for his safety... PREACHER
27) 58) text: ...sir -- The Colonel holds up his hand to silence Preacher as he s right in front of Caesar again, eye to eye... Caesar burn tortured by the agonizing effort to restrain his rage... THE COLONEL
27) 59) text: What do you think my men would've done to your apes... if you had killed me? Caesar looks up at the Colonel. The Colonel holds Caesar' angry stare as he starts slowly forward:
27) 63) text: Or is killing me more important...? The Colonel lingers tauntingly... finally, he turns to Preacher -- and as Preacher and Red move in, we --
27) 70) text: He was right, you do think he's sick, don't you? You're just like them. He's not crazy. The world's gone crazy. And he's the only one with the vision to get us through this. The Colonel's a great man. He sacrificed everything for us. You can't judge him. Who are you to judge him? (darkening) I was trying to give you a heads up, keep you out of his way, I don't even know why. But if you think you and I have some kind of relationship -- that you're gonna give me, what, advice? You can disavow yourself of that notion right fucking now. Caesar is stunned.    Preacher raises his crossbow:
32) 28) dialog: If he's still alive in the morning, he goes back to work or you shoot him. (then) Keep him separate from the others.
34) 23) dialog: How many are out there?   Are there others? Rocket stays silent, refusing to show even a hint of fear
34) 24) dialog: (to Soldiers) Sweep the area. (turns to Red) Put him in the pen. As the Colonel walks off, Red abruptly leaps to his feet, grabbing Rocket by the ankle -- Rocket FLAILS VIOLENTLY a Red drags him across the dirt and ice... Caesar watches in horror as the turncoats move in, BEATIN ROCKET into submission as they HURL him into the pen. One roughly SHACKLES HIM -- as Red delivers a last, VICIOUS K leaving Rocket in a crumpled heap as they exit. Caesar's stricken eyes remain fixed on Rocket as he strug to his feet. His face bloodied and bruised, Rocket looks back at Caesar through the bars of their pens -- and to Caesar's surprise, Rocket smiles at him... He SIGNS:
34) 37) dialog: They say we are inhumane. Indecent. They call us a death squad. But they'll never understand the extent of our sacrifice. How agonizing it has been to do what must be done, even as it tears at our very souls. Because there are times when you must abandon your humanity in the fight to save humanity. All of you have shown the courage to do that... But now we must take that fight to them, or this hellish trial will all have been in vain. (beat, still walking through the ranks)
34) 38) text: We can not fail. We're the last defense. Somewhere in this world there are more survivors. And whether they know it or not, they are counting on us. To show the will to protect them against this new plague. We've seen it here. And it's already spreading up north. If we lose this battle, there'll be nothing to stop it from spreading everywhere. If we lose, in a matter of months, the human race will gasp its last words, and go silent. Just another dumb animal, left to roam a godforsaken world. He comes to a stop in the Soldier's midst -- Preacher clo by, gazing intently -- the Colonel's tone growing intimat
34) 39) dialog: Most of you are still young men and women. And if we win, years from now, you may be sitting somewhere with your children, your grandchildren... and they'll ask you: what did you do in the greatest war...? And you can tell them, you fought... viciously... for a gentler world. Preacher looks almost emotional -- the others too -- as t Colonel NODS to the X.O. -- and as WHISTLES SHRIEK -- we:
34) 43) text: Send him up to the quarry.    Alone. Red fastens shackles to Caesar's ankles and wrists, and l at Preacher, who is searching through his key rings -- he can't find the shackle key; suddenly nervous, his eyes da to the Colonel, as he continues searching in vain... Impatient, the Colonel calls out to Boyle who's passing b with the first groups of chained apes -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 44) text: Boyle!   His cuffs. Boyle heads over, starts to lock Caesar up -- when the Colonel suddenly sees something... Caesar watches as the Colonel steps toward the cage, reaches in... and retrieve THE GIRL'S DOLL. He stares at it, perplexed: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 45) text: (turning to Caesar) What is this...? But Caesar is silent.   The Colonel turns to Preacher -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
34) 47) text: I really don't know, sir... The Colonel looks back hard at Caesar; then, finally: THE COLONEL
42) 0) text: Caesar urgently feels for something along the wall above cage door -- until he finds where he's hidden Preacher's He bends down and immediately begins unshackling his feet He gets one free -- when -- he hears FOOTSTEPS... He stop quickly turns, seeing -- THE FIGURE OF THE COLONEL approaching in the distance. Caesar straightens, carefully palming the key, eyes on th Colonel heading toward the pens... as Rocket, across the slowly hides Boyle's rifle behind his back...
42) 4) dialog: Least you can take comfort... Your struggle ends... Ours goes on... Nature still has the power to wipe us off this planet at any moment... Killed the dinosaurs with a single meteor. He eerily studies Caesar's body... musing to himself:
42) 5) dialog: You apes are so strong... I wonder... what kind of world you would have built... on our graves. Caesar's eyes search the Colonel's, trying to make sense his demeanor. The Colonel gazes off, as if lost in a drea
42) 6) dialog: You know when I first got to the city... a man said he had to see me. He said he knew you. That you worked together. Caesar looks surprised.    Beat.   Finally, warily:
42) 8) dialog: I think that was his name, yes.
42) 10) dialog: He said you were remarkable.   More than just an animal...
42) 15) text: you were a great leader. I thought he was crazy... But I almost see what he meant. (he drifts off again) He pleaded with me to find you. To make peace with you. Caesar is rapt, stunned by these revelations... But the Colonel is wholly unaware of Caesar's reaction, staring o in a long unnerving silence. Caesar hesitates, then: CAESAR
42) 16) text: What... happened to this man? The Colonel remains staring off a moment longer, then fin looks at Caesar... and then off again: THE COLONEL
42) 17) text: I shot him. He remains still a moment longer -- then suddenly looks around, disoriented, as if awakened from a dream -- THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
42) 18) text: (quietly paranoid) What's going on here? Caesar frowns at him, disquieted and perplexed... The Colonel's eyes dart suspiciously around him; he cranes hi neck to peer up through the falling snow at the guard tow but the angle is too steep to see if anyone is up there - A CLANK at his feet makes him look down... where he finds he's dropped his flask. He picks it up, looks at it as if having no memory of even bringing it out here. Suddenly self-conscious, he looks around at the apes in t pen, all staring back at him -- and then at Caesar. He slowly backs away, then turns, retreating through the darkness to his tower. Caesar watches him go, then turns to find Rocket and the other apes looking at him, confused. ROCKET
42) 24) text: [Do you think he knows we're up to something?] Unsure, Caesar peers back up at the Colonel's silhouette. After a beat, the Colonel steps away from the window. Roc looks anxiously at Caesar, raising the rifle:
44) 10) text: [Hurry!   Let's go!] But Caesar stays motionless, eyes fixed intently on the Colonel's still lighted window. ROCKET (CONT'D)
47) 0) text: Caesar silently climbs in the window; he looks around... immediately spots an unnerving, incongruous sight -- THE FRONT DOOR is BARRICADED WITH FURNITURE from the insi Confused, Caesar looks around, sees the area in total disarray: a SMALL STOCKPILE OF MUNITIONS lie scattered chaotically across a table, alongside a tray of HALF-EATE FOOD and the Colonel's SPILLED FLASK... Soaked in liquid from the flask is a PHOTO OF A LITTLE BO beside it OLD WAR MEDALS; Caesar peers around, wary: wher the Colonel...?
48) 1) text: Colonel!   Are you in there?! Colonel! Caesar spins, startled -- then finishes grabbing a BANDOL OF GRENADES off the table strewn with the Colonel's belongings -- he bolts for the window -- when -- CRASH! The door SMASHES OPEN -- Caesar turns to see the X AND HIS MEN ENTERING -- they see him too -- raising their weapons, and FIRING AS -- CAESAR LEAPS