1) 0) text: CAESAR'S SYMBOL carved into the stone floor; around the symbol sit Caesar and Cornelia, Blue Eyes, Lake, Rocket, Maurice, Luca, Winter and other COUNCIL MEMBERS. A MAP is laid out on the floor; Cornelius presses his fac close, watching Blue Eyes' finger as it points to one spo particular:
1) 7) dialog: [We must leave tonight!]
1) 9) dialog: [How much longer can we wait?      Soldiers are getting closer!]
1) 11) dialog: [Your son's been gone, he doesn't know how hard it's been!]
13) 0) text: We're inside the human camp now. Red and Winter quietly ladle stew from a bucket to Soldiers sitting around the f A volatile soldier with tortured eyes (BOYLE) calls out i low, menacing voice to Winter:
14) 0) text: Winter digs under a supply table for a new bowl. Rising, catches his reflection in a grimy mirror over a wash basi He hesitates, maybe suffering a crisis of conscience -- w he sees A REFLECTED FACE lurking in the shadows behind hi He spins to see CAESAR standing there, motionless, starin Panicked, Winter turns for the exit -- but LUCA is there, blocking escape. Turns the other way -- and there's ROCKE Winter's eyes widen as Caesar takes a slow step toward hi
14) 2) dialog: [He's gone.]
14) 4) dialog: [This morning. He took many soldiers with him.]
14) 8) dialog: [Men are coming down here В­- from their base in the north. The Colonel and his soldiers are going to meet them at the border.]
14) 10) dialog: [I don't know. But more of us are leaving to join them in the morning. Red thinks they'll all be coming back here... to help the Colonel finish off the apes for good.] Caesar finally stops, right in front of him.    Winter pl
14) 11) dialog: [Please... I know I betrayed you. But can't you see? We'll never beat them. I was just trying to survive. Red told me the humans promised to spare us if we helped. I beg you, forgive me...] But Caesar is unmoved, barely stifling his rage...
32) 6) text: Peering up through the train tracks we can see A TALL MET POLE looming against the winter sky. As we --