0) 7) dialog: (not bad)
0) 12) dialog: I have to see you.
7) 2) text: She's one of so many girls that at first she's not recognizable. All of them have composites which they carr leather folders. They eye each other uneasily.
8) 70) text: George looks glum. He's walking along the street. A GIRL stops him. She's driving by in a 3.4 Jag.
8) 72) dialog: Hi, George.
8) 76) dialog: Nothing, I reconciled with Ron, you know, the guy I divorced last summer.
8) 81) dialog: Call me!
8) 85) dialog: (waving goodbye)
8) 130) text: It's great. You don't know what happened, this girl she almost got--
8) 133) text: I don't care about that girl, I don't care if she's dead.
8) 446) text: Dennis stops. He's with the DESK GIRL. Both of them:
11) 126) text: I'm always on the phone because you never let me see anybody, I can't even bring my girlfriends over to the house because they might run into you. You're driving me up the wall, Lester. You're even jealous of the dogs. I mean I've gotta have somebody I can talk to.
13) 6) text: By her tone, Jackie indicates she's been saying all of th for months. Lester repeating it like it's just occurred t him genuinely upsets her. She's near tears and she's not kind of girl who cries easily. Lester's sensitive to it.
13) 23) text: She's said it provocatively and like the younger girl she be with him. Lester smiles. He's almost benign.
20) 77) text: She's a very groovy girl. That's the problem.
42) 111) text: -- she's a very compulsive girl.
49) 1) text: are dancing to a tape of 'Good Vibrations.' George's coat off, his tie loose. They are near the entryway and sittin a large staircase b.g. a young girl can be SEEN breast feeding her baby.
49) 4) text: A black in a caftan with a huge Afro offers Jackie a join She takes a drags, she and George move outside the living room. As they walk she hands the joint to George who hand the joint to a couple of girls lying on a low couch by th door -- all without really losing stride.
57) 4) text: Lester is staring in some wonder at the girl who is still sitting on the staircase, nursing her baby. She looks up, smiles at Lester, who manages a nod back, doesn't take hi eyes off the sight.
61) 29) text: Suddenly he sees a girl, at least half nude, her huge pai lavender tits flashing at him through the strobe lights. vision disturbs him greatly.
61) 79) text: Holding his trousers, his tux shirt hanging half down ove his boxer shorts, Lester moves on over to the poolhouse. tries the door. The latch creaks. He pulls at it again an the latch pops open. He starts to open the door, then hea the unmistakable sounds of a couple in the throes of inte love making. The girl is quite carried away.
67) 17) text: He hangs up. Stares around the room. Jill's apartment is, usual, good-little-girl tidy. (A contrast with Jackie's particularly kitchen.)
71) 30) text: Look, Norman, I'm not the shampoo girl.