26) 0) text: Mary walks into the living room where we see an old woman MAGDA, sitting on the couch LISTENING to a stack of RADIO SCANNERS.
26) 2) dialog: Bet your ass I have. It's an important  job, Neighborhood Watch is.
26) 8) dialog: These ain't strangers, they're  neighbors.  This only picks up signals  in a half-mile radius.
26) 10) dialog: Meaning these are the people you  live amongst, you got a right to  know if they're creeps. For instance,  did you know there's a guy down the  hall cheating on his wife?
26) 13) dialog: I confirmed it on the scanner. I  knew something was up because Puffy  used to bark like hell whenever he  saw him and you know Puffy only barks  at bad people. Magda pats her little dog PUFFY on the head.
26) 15) dialog: That's because there's a lot of bad  people out there. Hey, Puffy tried  to warn you about that Steve guy you  was seeing--he was a fucking asswipe-- but you had to find out for yourself,  didn't you?
31) 37) text: Besides, Magda's psychic dog hated  him.
35) 0) text: As Mary rushes into the apartment, Magda is glued to her  radio scanner, listening intently.
35) 1) dialog: Jesus, Mary, you gotta hear this-- some cop's staking out this broad's  apartment.
35) 5) dialog: This is a good one, Mare. Sounds  like his partner's all lubed up.
36) 1) dialog: Ah, Christ, I lost 'em. Mary runs into her bedroom, shuts the door and flips on t tube just as ESPN Sportscenter's OPENING THEME SONG is  playing. Relieved, Mary lays back on her bed and starts watching.
49) 0) text: While Mary gets ready for her date, Magda sits in front o the radio scanner in her bathrobe with her little dog Puf on her lap.
49) 1) dialog: So who's the lucky guy?
49) 3) dialog: Good lookin'?
50) 1) dialog: What's he like?
50) 3) dialog: What's a mook?
51) 1) dialog: Then why you going out with him if  he's a schlep?
51) 4) dialog: I don't watch the new ones.
51) 8) dialog: That's exactly why I don't watch 'em  anymore--it's bullshit! Why the hell  would an old lady go for a young  kid? Mary smiles at this.
51) 10) dialog: Fuck kindred spirits. My little Puffy  here's gonna tell you all you need  to know about this guy in about two  seconds flat. If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... you got yourself a keeper.
55) 0) text: Healy is sitting on Mary's couch with Puffy spread-eagled upside-down on his lap, KNOCKED OUT COLD. Mary and Magda  look on in amazement.
55) 4) dialog: You mean he doesn't like bad guys.
55) 6) dialog: He can tell you're an animal nut.  You are, aren't ya?
55) 8) text: ...who love him a lot, too...and so  on.' Magda stares dreamily at Healy, smitten.
55) 9) dialog: Would you like a glass of tea or  something?
55) 12) text: Uh, Magda, why don't you get some  more cheese and crackers...?
55) 13) dialog: Oh, yeah, of course, dear.
55) 20) dialog: (CALLING out)
56) 0) text: Magda and Mary are on their way out the door when they st
56) 1) dialog: Bundt cake?
56) 3) text: Must have a sweet tooth. See if you  can find some cookies. As Magda starts to go through the cupboards...
57) 7) dialog: All I had was some Funny Bones--how  does that sound, honey? Healy picks up the stunned pooch and swaddles it in a bla as Magda ENTERS the room followed by Mary.
78) 0) text: A confused Mary and her girlfriends are in the apartment  while Magda listens to the radio scanner in the b.g.
78) 3) dialog: Would you hens quit ya cackling and  let her do what she wants to do.   Puffy liked him and Puffy's never  wrong. The girlfriends roll their eyes.
78) 13) dialog: Hey hey, what did you say Pat's last  name was?
78) 15) dialog: I think you better listen to this. Magda turns up the volume on her scanner and we can clear hear Healy TALKING ON HIS CELLULAR PHONE. Mary and her  girlfriends gather around.
78) 30) text: Turn it up, Magda.
80) 5) text: I love this man. Magda folds her arms and gloats.
84) 0) text: A content Healy is parked out front of Mary's apartment,  absently listening to her spill her guts to Magda while h reads the newspaper.
84) 1) dialog: I'm buying bananas tonight.
84) 3) dialog: Back when I was your age I always  used to make myself a big banana  split after sex. I think you're gonna  need one tonight.
85) 0) text: Mary is skipping around the apartment while Magda sits on the couch.
85) 3) dialog: Don't bet on it. Last time I had a  pap smear the guy needed leather  gloves and an oyster shucker.
85) 5) dialog: Knock it off, Pollyanna, just 'cause  you're in love doesn't mean everyone  else has to be.
85) 7) dialog: Oh no? I ain't seen you beaming like  this since you broke ninety on the  Blue Monster. BACK ON HEALY - he's reveling in it all.
85) 9) dialog: An old flame?
85) 18) dialog: Do I sense a chill in the air? Mary sits down.
85) 24) dialog: You vicious bitch, how do you sleep  at night?
85) 31) dialog: Well look who's here. BACK TO MARY'S APARTMENT - Tucker is carrying an unopened BOTTLE OF SCOTCH and absently flicking the YAPPING pooch his ankles.
85) 33) dialog: Oh, you are sweet.
85) 54) dialog: Puffy, get over here. We hear the PITTER-PATTER of the dog's nails on the floor then a LOUD THUMP followed by a YELP.
85) 57) dialog: The little shit lied to me about  that guy! Mary picks up the startled dog and pets him.
85) 61) dialog: Why you two never hooked up is beyond  me. Mary looks fondly at Tucker.
97) 0) text: We hear the TELEVISION and see Magda DOZING on the couch  with a watery COCKTAIL IN HER HAND and the dog Puffy at h feet. Suddenly a DOGGIE TREAT flies through the window, landing the rug. Puffy SNAPS TO ATTENTION and approaches the trea He sniffs it, then GOBBLES IT UP. ANOTHER doggie treat la beside him and he eats that, too. Then ANOTHER.
99) 0) text: The doggie treat LANDS IN MAGDA'S COCKTAIL, waking her up Magda looks around, gets her bearings, and then DOWNS THE
101) 0) text: As Ted and Mary ENTER, we see Magda HOLDING UP THE COUCH  with one hand and VACUUMING WITH THE OTHER. Mary doesn't know what to make of it.
101) 2) dialog: Oh, hi hon. Just straightening up.
101) 4) dialog: Ah, he was being a pest so I put him  in the bathroom. As the O.S. YAPPING AND BANGING continues, Magda PICKS UP THE TELEVISION and starts DUSTING the TV stand.
101) 6) text: Um, Ted, I need a moment with Magda-- would you let the dog out of the  bathroom.
102) 0) text: Ted stumbles back into the living room with the hopped-up dog ON HIS FACE. He KNOCKS OVER A LAMP, tumbles onto the  floor, and fights for his life. Mary and Magda SCREAM as Ted and Puffy mix it up on the f Ted tries to CRAWL TOWARD THE DOOR but Puffy GRABS THE CU OF HIS PANTS. DOOR POV of Ted's anguished face as he gets pulled back i the room. Ted manages to GET THE DOG IN A HEADLOCK.
102) 1) dialog: Stop it, you're hurting him!
107) 0) text: --Ted and Mary are walking arm and arm on a SCENIC PIER where PEOPLE ARE FISHING. Right behind them are Magda and Herb (the Homeless guy) enjoying one another's company. T is on top of the world, feeling good, looking good-right until he gets the HOOK IN HIS MOUTH. Suddenly he gets YAN OUT OF FRAME.
119) 6) dialog: What the hell's going on here? At first no one knows what to say. Then:
119) 8) dialog: Aw, Christ, I can't take it anymore.  I'm gonna pack my bags and go back  to my own place. Magda heads back into her bedroom and Herb follows.