3) 0) text: Mary and a muddied Ted are walking Warren home. Warren la behind, mumbling to himself. Mary notices that Ted is lim
3) 5) dialog: Piggyback ride?
3) 7) dialog: Piggyback ride.
3) 15) dialog: My turn now.
3) 20) text: We're here, Warren. You wanna get  off?
3) 21) dialog: Giddy-up. Ted rolls his eyes and continues toward the front door. M looks on, amused.
7) 0) text: Ted nervously enters and sees Warren watching T.V. in the den.
7) 9) dialog: (not looking up)
7) 12) dialog: You seen my baseball? We see Ted discreetly pull a BRAND NEW BASEBALL out of hi pocket and palm it in his hand.
7) 21) text: I'm trying...tell him to...calm down. The family jumps on Warren and finally break it up.
9) 0) text: A concerned Mary, her Mom, Dad, and Warren are huddled ou the bathroom.
11) 0) text: As Mary, her Mom, and Warren listen in...
12) 18) dialog: Franks and beans! Ted hangs his head.
13) 0) text: Mary and Warren are huddled outside the door.
14) 29) dialog: Beans and franks!
30) 0) text: Mary's brother Warren is wearing a walkman as he plays ca out front with a SPECIAL ED TEACHER while several other  MENTALLY-DISABLED PATIENTS entertain themselves. Mary pulls up, gets out, and starts handing out Egg McMuf
31) 42) text: Warren.
82) 9) text: Hey, Mare, do I have a rip in the  back of these pants? When she puts her head close to inspect his pants, he let fly a THUNDEROUS FART. She pulls her head away, repulsed, but Healy just LAUGHS. --Mary and and the horse-toothed Healy are having dinner a romantic restaurant. As he eats he tells an animated st but he's having trouble with the new choppers and chunks food are spraying out of his mouth with every word. Mary to BOB AND WEAVE to avoid being covered with debris. --Healy and Warren are playing monopoly. When Warren isn' looking, Healy cheats and puts a couple hotels on Boardwa In the b.g. we see one of Warren's buddies fall out of a  palm tree.
83) 0) text: A lovesick Healy is mauling Mary out on the sidewalk in f while Warren stands off to the side LISTENING TO A WALKMA
83) 13) dialog: Franks and beans!
83) 19) dialog: Beans and franks.
83) 23) dialog: Huh? Healy reaches over and lifts a headphone off Warren's ear
83) 40) text: She's even more beautiful than I  remember. THEIR POV - Mary and Warren start to go in the apartment.
83) 55) dialog: Good, Ted. Piggy back ride?
103) 0) text: --Mary pumps Warren's stomach as he coughs water out of his mouth. Ted looks on sheepishly.
104) 0) text: Ted and Warren walk down a city sidewalk. As they pass a  shop Warren points to the window excitedly.
104) 1) text: In the window there is a mannequin dressed in a Super-her outfit, i.e. a generic superman. Warren then pulls Ted into the store.
105) 0) text: Ted comes out followed by a beaming Warren dressed in the Super-Hero outfit. They continue walking again and a few  steps later Warren excitedly points to another shop windo
105) 1) text: In the window is a mannequin dressed in a cowboy outfit,  i.e. Lone Ranger (hat, badge, holster, chaps, vest, boots spurs, etc.) Again, Warren pulls Ted into the store.
106) 3) text: Warren is now dressed in the cowboy outfit and a humiliat Ted follows dressed in the loose fitting Super-hero outfi
111) 0) text: --Warren is futilely taking swings in a BATTING CAGE while Mary looks on helplessly. Finally Ted goes into the cage, SIGNALS THE GUY TO STOP THE PITCHING MACHINE, and M WARREN A LITTLE CLOSER TO THE PLATE. --A distraught Ted SITS SOMBERLY on a bench. Beside him,  Mary comforts Warren whose LEFT EYE IS BLACK AND BLUE AND COMPLETELY CLOSED.
119) 59) text: See you, Warren.
119) 60) dialog: Huh...? Ted lifts the earphones off Warren's ear.
119) 62) dialog: Bye, Ted. Ted then WALKS OUT OF THE ROOM. They all stand there in  silence for a moment, then Dom turns to Brett Favre.