2) 18) dialog: Hi, I'm Dave Barry. Has something like this ever happened to you? (bends down to pet
2) 20) dialog: Scientists call this condition "Lust Induced Brain Freeze." It affects millions of guys, every day, in all walks of life -- causing anything from a mild embarrassment, to an international incident. He stops. Finds LEOPOLD and STEARNS and SEVERAL OTHER AGE pointing GUNS at him.
2) 27) dialog: Hey. I didn't even know it was a dog. They take it from him; rush it away. Dave turns to CAMERA
2) 28) dialog: Notice I didn't say it's a condition that affects men every day -- only guys. And that subtle but important difference is one of the things this movie is about.
3) 6) dialog: Now clearly, this woman is dealing with a Man.
3) 13) dialog: Whereas Guys aren't capable of doing anything like what you just saw. Guys are more like this:
6) 0) text: Dave walks down a crowded street. Colorful day life.
6) 1) dialog: Like a lot of big cities, Miami is known for its sizeable population of guys. So we came here to take the city's pulse on the subject.
9) 0) text: Dave walks out of the barn towards CAMERA.
9) 1) dialog: So now you have some background on basic guy attributes. But before we move on, let's look at one more scene and see where you stand --
10) 16) text: Oh, Roger... He smiles. Strokes her hair and pulls her in even closer. They share a long deep sigh together, As the PICTURE FREE and DAVE WALKS IN. DAVE
10) 22) text: (engrossed in game) What. FREEZE on her look, and -- DAVE (TO CAMERA)
12) 0) text: Dave walks along the stacks in the ANTHROPOLOGY SECTION. DAVE
12) 1) text: So where did this all start? Many experts now think they know where men came from, but what about Guys? where did they come from? He stops, peels off a THICK BOOK full of science things. DAVE
21) 7) text: For five hundred dollars it should give me a manicure, Roger! It should drive me home from work at night! HOW could you spend that kind of money without discussing it first? On Roger's look...the PICTURE FREEZES. Dave walks in. DAVE
22) 2) text: This is a shortcut. Explorer Elaine shakes her head. Dave enters. DAVE
25) 0) text: The lot is filled with 60's and 70's cars. Dave gets out a CHEVY VEGA; has mutton-chop sideburns, talks to CAMERA. DAVE
26) 8) text: Nothing! And they start punching again. The Dad looks up - so wear DAVE (AT COUNTER)
27) 0) text: Dave sits across from a BRITISH GUY with a SUBTITLE sayin "Noted Pediatrician. " He has a laser pointer and a powerpoint presentation.    
27) 4) text: For example, all women have a gene that makes them have the need for meaningful conversations. Likewise, all men have a gene in them that we scientists believe is directly related to violence. DAVE
27) 6) text: well, some of my esteemed colleagues are quite keen on the idea of tampering with the DNA itself - an idea with which I heartily disagree. The bastards... DAVE
27) 8) text: Me? Well they can start by spreading out the funding a little bit. Let a few other scientists wet their beaks. I mean what's the point of rewarding the same tired old hacks, year after YEAR -- DAVE
27) 10) text: (then shifting back) Well nothing, really. I mean, what can you do. Short of lobotomizing them, anyway. No I suppose we'll just have to continue to channel their aggression into socially acceptable outlets. Like professional wrestling, or the space program. DAVE
27) 13) text: Certainly. DAVE
28) 0) text: Dave stands in front of the entrance. DAVE
29) 0) text: Dave shepherds new father GENE up to the CUSTOMER HELP counter. DAVE
31) 3) text: I just got these from Ohio. I don't think they're as good as the ones I got from Tennessee. Not as loud, you know? DAVE
32) 0) text: As Ed's Auto Shop recedes in the background - with a LOUD EXPLOSION accompanying - DAVE
34) 0) text: Dave and a SEASONED BROKER eat HOT DOGS from a CORNER CAR BROKER
34) 1) text: Ten, fifteen years ago? A guy would call you up with some joke he just heard. So you wanna pass it on, it's by phone. One person at a time. Then a while later, some guy calls you up with the same exact joke. Then when group faxing came in, it really sped things up. Next thing you know there's like ten faxes on your machine, from places you never even heard of. Places around the world, I'm saying. DAVE
34) 4) text: Now there's the internet -- and what used to take a week'll take like seconds. I'm telling you it's getting harder and harder to keep up. DAVE
34) 8) text: Oh you mean women? Well, you know - what's the importance of having fifteen pairs of shoes? DAVE
42) 0) text: Karla E, Mia, Lila and Sidra again, with Dave. DAVE
42) 5) text: Or they just don't think. DAVE
44) 10) text: You've seen the Evil Presence? (then off his look) What's it look like? Gene shrugs; even the best of friends. Roger understands. CAMERA PANS to Dave. DAVE
47) 0) text: PEOPLE with NAMETAGS mingle with drinks and appetizers. Dave comes away from the hot buffet table with a great ha DAVE
47) 4) text: I was too! But my God, you remembered that? DAVE
48) 0) text: A GLOW-BOWL night; neon and black light and MUSIC. DAVE
48) 1) text: (handing out shoes) A few nights later, he asked her out. He points over to the LANE where they're bowling. DAVE
49) 2) text: Nothing... She smiles; gets in. Roger pauses. CAMERA PANS TO DAVE. DAVE
54) 14) text: We haven't started yet. They start to play. CAMERA FINDS DAVE, on a nearby bench. DAVE
55) 2) text: I can sympathize with your friend, man. I've seen a lot of guys go there. DAVE
55) 4) text: I don't know - most of my songs are about guys out of love. DAVE
55) 7) text: Until the thing starts moving. DAVE
55) 9) text: Well then they get crushed. Dave gulps. She shrugs. SHERYL CROW
57) 10) text: Contrary to what many women believe, it's fairly easy to develop a long term, stable, intimate and mutually fulfilling relationship with a guy. As long as this is the guy: QUICK SHOT OF A LABRADOR RETRIEVER -- PANTING, FRIENDLY. DAVE
62) 6) text: That was an outdoor toaster. It was clearly not designed for indoor situations. The PICTURE FREEZES. DAVE steps in front, talks to CAMERA DAVE
63) 0) text: STEVE leaves someone's house, heads for his super-outfitt TRUCK. Haloed in golden sunlight. Strong, capable, equipp for every situation. WOMEN look out from kitchen and bedroom and living room windows, from front steps and yards and gardens, just to whose house Steve is leaving. The women look all dreamy t way they would in a really corny musical. DAVE
72) 0) text: Dave rides up front with Steve. Talks to CAMERA. DAVE
72) 2) text: You like SportsTalk? Mike the Moose? DAVE
73) 0) text: MIKE THE MOOSE flips a switch; turns to Dave.
75) 0) text: Elaine and Kelly are addressing INVITATIONS by hand. Dave sits on the counter, listens in. ELAINE
75) 4) text: (amen to that; then) And what gets me is, they think - they really think - that whether a team wins or loses or not depends on how much they personally care about them. Like if they don't care, the team can't win. DAVE
75) 6) text: What's true. DAVE
75) 9) text: Who is he? DAVE
76) 0) text: Roger and Gene and the game are FROZEN IN PLACE. Dave sta in the doorway with Elaine and Kelly. DAVE
77) 0) text: Dave reports as BLUE AND RED CONCERN RAYS materialize fro the sky and descend on the arena, covering the roof. DAVE
77) 9) text: -- and he misses! He misses! It bounces off the rim and Miami wins the game! What a comeback! A field day for the Heat! Roger and Gene leap up and scream. High fives, victory da Dave looks at Elaine and Kelly - who look at each other.. ELAINE
78) 0) text: Dave walks down a terminal corridor among hurrying PASSEN DAVE
78) 1) text: If there's one thing women don't know about when it comes to guys, it's the public rest room problem. And we're here to clear that up right now. He stops outside a MEN'S REST ROOM, which is currently cl for maintenance. DAVE
79) 0) text: Dave is at the honor bar with the SAME BRITISH GUY. The words "Leading Social Scientist" APPEAR under him this ti
81) 0) text: There is a SATELLITE DISH on top. Dave is with JOHN MADDE DAVE
81) 2) text: Happy to be here Dave. DAVE
81) 4) text: Well he's exactly right, Dave. I mean the guy was a little loopy but he hit the nail on the head. DAVE
81) 7) text: The worst kind, Dave, and in a lotta ways. Because a guy's main goal is to get in and outta there without having to deal in any other way with any other guy - and in an airport bathroom especially, with the turnover rate they've got, he's up against some pretty mean odds. DAVE
82) 0) text: TECHNICIANS wearing headsets. Dave and John sit by a BANK OF MONITORS. There's a TELESTRATOR for John. JOHN MADDEN
82) 1) text: Okay. Now this angle here, we're outside the bathroom and the maintenance guy's just about to open it up. We SEE THE AREA OUTSIDE THE MEN'S ROOM, WITH "CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE" SIGNS IN ENGLISH AND SPANISH. A JANITOR star removing the signs as a BUSINESS TRAVELER heads over. DAVE
83) 2) text: rГўВЂВў . 68. DAVE
83) 4) text: Well the crucial thing here, is makin' sure there's no eye contact. I mean none - zero. These guys'll look up, they'll look down, they'll look straight ahead -- but a guy would rather have you poke both his eyes out with burning hot fire tongs, Dave, than to give the next guy over a reason to think you might be lookin' at him in a public bathroom. For reasons that oughtta be pretty darn obvious. DAVE
83) 6) text: Now Guy Number Two, what he's gonna do is, he's gonna come in, see the first guy in position along the wall and right away he's gonna line up wide on the opposite side. This is a best case scenario here, something both these guys can appreciate. Plus they've opened up the middle for the third guy -- The THIRD GUY comes in. John diagrams his path to the mid urinal. The Guy goes there. DAVE
83) 8) text: Well you're still not likely to encounter any, but again if you do, that's what that buffer zone on either side of him's for. And all three of 'em are feelin' pretty lucky to have it, I can tell you that. DAVE
83) 11) text: If things stay like this, you're fine - and if this were some small commuter airport, y'know late at night or somethin', then these guys could possibly even be home free. But we're talkin' Miami International here, this is the big time, we're talking about 747's, DC-10's, the big jumbo jets dumpin' off three- four hundred people at a clip. So everybody's gonna be next to somebody, which is the last thing any of these guys want. You're in a critical mass situation, and this is where a lotta mistakes get made. DAVE
83) 13) text: -- and there he goes... Guy #4 spins around and leaves. John and Dave watch; then DAVE
83) 15) text: Well I think we know, Dave. Don't you think we know? DAVE
84) 0) text: Dave walks the campus. Threads through GORGEOUS COLLEGE GIRLS who don't know he's there. DAVE
86) 0) text: The BARBER talks while cutting Dave's hair.    
86) 2) text: The way I see it, it's like menopause, right? Except men get it different. It doesn't show, y'see? The cramps don't come, the hot and cold flashes, and you don't have your magazines and drug stores filled with helpful stuff to do about it. But something comes, and it hits every guy who's living whether he likes it or not. Whether he knows it or not. Guy can lose his bleepin' mind if he doesn't watch out. He gets a mirror to show Dave the back. Gives him time to get philosophical. BARBER
87) 0) text: The BARTENDER wipes the bar down in front of Dave. BARTENDER
87) 1) text: I'm just telling you what I see. Every lousy day. A guy'll come in and sit down, right where you are. He loosens up a little and then it comes. The road not taken. Unexamined choices. An unfulfilled life. And other guys, they'll come in and don't say a word. The ones who just stare at the mirror. DAVE
91) 0) text: The lot is filled with Ford Fiestas. The Lawyer and Johnn Lake drive up. When they pull the door open there's WHINI from inside... Then the BARTENDER FROM BEFORE comes out, storms past the and throws his rag down hard as he gets the hell out of t and away from that shit job. As Dave walks into frame, starts over to his car. DAVE
92) 0) text: Dave gets out of his car and walks towards the mall. DAVE
93) 0) text: Dave walks along all the COSMO'S, REDBOOKS, etc. DAVE
93) 1) text: Probably the fastest growing sector of the U.S. economy is the sector that conducts surveys asking women (MORE)     DAVE (CONT'D)
94) 0) text: Dave walks up the aisles filled with delectable things. DAVE
95) 0) text: Dave walks outside, past a line of SCHOOLKIDS off a BUS. DAVE
96) 0) text: Dave walks past glassed-in DISPLAYS of CAVEMAN LIFE. DAVE
97) 0) text: Dave stands outside while Kelly and Gene come back from walking their dog. In a hurry. DAVE
99) 0) text: Dave watches the LIGHT GO OFF. Turns back to the CAMERA. DAVE
99) 6) text: .yesyesyesyesYEEE00000WWWW!!! CAMERA PANS back to Dave. DAVE
100) 0) text: Roger and Elaine are under the sheets. Some good early MOANING.. .as Dave comes in, holding a mike, interview st DAVE
100) 3) text: then to Dave) Well, the baseball thing. I mean a while ago I was into that - big time. You know, fooling around with different lineups, mixing up the batting order - like thinking about what would happen if you took your cleanup guy and made him eighth or something -- just something stupid like that, you know? Stuff you'd never really do. DAVE
100) 7) text: The thing is, it got stale. And I found after a while I wasn't enjoying sex or baseball that much. And you don't want to mess with that stuff. DAVE (CAN'T DISAGREE)
100) 9) text: Math problems. DAVE
101) 0) text: Dave helps himself, makes a sandwich. DAVE
107) 0) text: Dave strolls among the SHOPPERS, TOURISTS etc. He has the ROCK with him; tosses it unconsciously like a baseball.    
108) 0) text: Dave goes up the escalator; walks through the kind of 'Ho Stylings' section where no other guy would go. Everything he talks about is on display in some form. DAVE
110) 0) text: A RABBIT on a lawn chair drinks beer out of an ashtray. College Roger and College Gene play Indoor Death Hockey; slamming into walls, scattering NEWSPAPERS and PIZZA BOXE as their IMAGE FREEZES. DAVE
112) 0) text: Dave unloads a laundry basket on the bed. Starts folding the clean clothes and making piles. DAVE
112) 4) text: He's right. She dumps out the clothes, sees what he's doing and takes over, doing it better. Dave picks up a random BLOUSE, sho a LABEL with lots of printing on it. DAVE
112) 6) text: I can explain the Infield Fly Rule. DAVE
113) 0) text: Dave anchors a semi circle with Sidra, Mia, Karla E and L They take turns focus group style. SIDRA
113) 8) text: Sweetheart he could wash my car with his tongue and it still wouldn't make up for where I find those dishes sometimes. DAVE
113) 11) text: Like trying to borrow money from you, after you've broken up, so he can buy something for his new girlfriend? And wondering what the problem was with that? I mean like really not knowing? Dave looks at her. They all do. Until -- LILA
113) 18) text: -- Bullshit. They're tapeworms. The rest of them agree and all high-five her. Dave leans back from the fray, turns to the CAMERA. DAVE
114) 0) text: A SIGN says "UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT." Dave is on top of the hill, in a rig that the EX-LAWYER is fastening him into. DAVE