40) 4) text: Myr. Arthur had no idea what he would say to Billy Knapp
40) 6) text: line of conestoga wagons recedes into the distance; a lon wagon train is about to meet a man on foot, his back to u his shoulder. He is trailed by a small black terrier. We move down to the caption at the bottom of the picture: Mr. Arthur had no idea what he would say to Billy Knapp. We dissolve to: INT. BOARDERS’ DINING ROOM - NIGHT
43) 4) dialog: Did you lose him? She stares at Billy Knapp. Gathering that she is not read BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) Tam so very sorry. I will get a spade. She finds her voice:
43) 6) dialog: It is very quick, cholera. Mr. Arthur has withdrawn a half-length behind Billy Knapp
43) 8) dialog: Will you be goin back, Miss? Or pressin on? 62. She stares at him. He waits, and then a gentle prod: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... Goin back, or, stayin with the train?
43) 10) dialog: Uh...
43) 12) dialog: Anyone ahead? In Oregon?
43) 14) dialog: Well... Pll get a spade.
44) 0) text: Billy Knapp is walloping the ground with the flat of a sh colleague Mr. Arthur watches from his horse, arms draped Billy Knapp notices Alice approaching and in deference st presses at the ground with his toe. She draws up, looking at the patch of earth.
44) 1) dialog: Don’t want him dug up. Uh... you want a marker of any kind, or... She is staring at the ground. She looks up at him. No ans BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) Well. We'll leave it at that. Better anyway not to advertise to the Indians. They will scavenge. She looks at him with alarm, which he notes. BILLY KNAPP (CONT'D) 3. ... They don’t bother us, none. Too much trouble attackin a wagon train, too little reward. You got a hired boy don’t you Miss Longabaugh?
44) 3) dialog: ‘N he'll handle the team.
44) 5) dialog: Very well. You call upon myself or Mr. Arthur ifyou... She looks from one man to the other. Mr. Arthur says nothing. He turns his horse and rides awa EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE - NIGHT Two men sit at a campfire: facing us, Mr. Arthur, and fac just lifting a brand from the fire to light himself a cig quiet, comfortable enough with each other to not talk. When Mr. Arthur sees Alice walking up he catches Billy’s Billy Knapp follows.
44) 6) dialog: Miss.
44) 8) dialog: Certainly, miss. Will you have a coffee with us?
44) 11) dialog: Yes miss?
44) 13) dialog: What’d he say that was?
44) 15) dialog: Two hundred dollars is half?
44) 18) dialog: It is an extravagant wage.
44) 21) dialog: Do you think the boy is telling a story? Now that your brother is no longer...
44) 23) dialog: He was a failure?
44) 25) dialog: Still, the boy...
44) 28) dialog: Then he’s still got it.
44) 30) dialog: Yessir but, what, midday tomorrow, I smoothed it, kicked scrub over it’n who knows what passed in the night. No, I don’t think so. No. He turns back to Alice. He thinks. At length: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... I suggest you not argue with the boy til we get to Fort Laramie.
44) 32) dialog: Well, maybe I will talk to the boy, see if I can shake him loose from his story. Four hundred dollars. I don’t know. I will have to think on this one.
45) 0) text: We hear dog yapping. We are looking at the back of a young man in a battered f leading a team of oxen. He looks over his shoulder. He is an unprepossessing youn Behind him: Alice. She does not react to the boy’s sullen EXT. ALICE’S COOKFIRE - EVENING Alice and the young man are eating wordlessly at their co Intermittent yaps from the dog. Billy Knapp walks up.
45) 1) dialog: Miss, could I have a word?
45) 3) dialog: Thank you, miss, I have had mine.
45) 6) dialog: w.. Miss?
45) 8) dialog: Isee. I see. Well then—I thought he was your dog—maybe this is quite a simple matter, uh... could I put him down for you, miss?
45) 10) dialog: Well no, we are his food so he will try to follow, long as he can. And then—a wolf might play with him before he eats him. Faster is better.
45) 12) dialog: It will be no trouble at all, miss. I will attend to it right away.—Oh (lowered voice) T regret to have to tell you—I talked to your boy Matt. I could not get him to budge.
45) 14) dialog: It is no trouble, miss. Here we go, little dog... 68. He stoops, coaxing the terrier in with an extended hand. BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... All right, miss. He touches his hat and walks away, dog in the crook of hi toward a nearby rise. Alice watches the spot he left. She rouses herself, takes another bite of food. No appetite. She sets the plate down. She reseats herself leaning against a wagon wheel. She dr hands up to cover her ears. A long wait. A pop/ She flinches. She slowly lowers her hands. She starts to rise, and then: Pop! She is puzzled. Then, two more in quick succession: pop/ pop! She goes around the wagon, looks out. The nearby rise. After a beat, Billy Knapp appears. He walks toward her, g sheepish. When he arrives: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) I set President Pierce down and he moved just as I fired. He skittered off, miss—I don’t believe I hit him a’tall.
45) 16) dialog: Tam truly sorry, miss, I should have deputized Mr. Arthur. That man is a crack shot. I did not expect it tO... tO...
45) 18) dialog: I do not think you will see President Pierce again...
46) 0) text: Trudging. Alice somewhat behind, the sullen youth leading EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT Mr. Arthur and Billy Knapp are at their cookfire. Billy K a cup, takes a last sip and tosses the dregs. He takes a pocket and bites offa chaw. Nearby Mr. Arthur turns his empty cup upside down and tap Billy Knapp hands him the plug.
46) 3) dialog: You are no trouble, Miss Longabaugh.
46) 5) dialog: Miss, please set your mind at ease. Thave hired on as trailboss and it is my duty to guide the train and meet square any unexpected problem. You have full call on my services.
46) 7) dialog: Yes?
46) 9) dialog: And leave you. Leave you here with the wagon, high and dry.
46) 11) dialog: Well well well. The impertinence.
46) 13) dialog: Please set down miss. We had better talk about this. 71.
46) 15) dialog: Well. You are very broadminded, to see the other side of it.
46) 17) dialog: What is right. He nods. They both stare into the fire. Billy Knapp finally stirs. BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) Miss Longabaugh. I cannot offer to drive your team or tend your wagon in place of the boy. Mr. Arthur—
46) 19) dialog: Indeed, these are my thoughts not yours. Mr. Arthur and I have to ride one in front of the train, one behind, we take turns pilot and drag. But... Will you trust me for a day?
46) 21) dialog: Tell the boy that you affirm the agreement. I want to think on this for a day. I have a notion that you may think is crackpot, but I do not believe it is.
46) 25) dialog: Well we'll see. Give me a day. I must talk to Mr. Arthur. Then we will talk tomorrow, and if you think it is a bad idea, why, then, we will only have taken one extra day of the boy’s labor. Mr. Arthur rides in the dust haze at the back of the wago lower face and hat brim pulled low as protection against wagons he trails. Billy Knapp trots oncoming and wheels around to ride with bandana up. A beat of silent riding. Then, with jollity: Another beat. The shortest beat.
46) 26) dialog: Afternoon, pardner.
46) 28) dialog: Which is worse, pardner, dust or mud?
46) 30) dialog: .. Say, I am thinking of proposing to Miss Longabaugh.
46) 32) dialog: Yes, and if she accepts, well then, I plan to settle in Oregon. This would be my last wagon train... 73+ Another beat. BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... I will farm.
46) 34) dialog: Well. We'll see how she takes it. Mr. Arthur says nothing. BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... Well, I will head back up. Unless you desire a swap.
46) 36) dialog: ... Afternoon.
47) 0) text: It is night and two fiddlers play for a gathering within among the people watching those who dance. Billy Knapp en
47) 1) dialog: Miss.
47) 3) dialog: May we talk for a moment?
47) 5) dialog: Yes. Yes. Before I expose it—may I ask something?
47) 7) dialog: What... possibilities do you look forward to in Oregon? She slows and they find themselves stopping at a tilted-u on it and, as she considers her answer, Billy plants one forearms over his knees.
47) 9) dialog: Isee. I see. So this is no definite prospect of marriage, no contract.
47) 11) dialog: Well my idea then is this. And I submit it in respect, Miss Longabaugh. I propose to assume your brother’s debt to the hired boy, and to... to ask you to marry me. 75+
47) 13) dialog: I submit it in respect.
47) 15) dialog: I... my notion is to farm in the Willamette.
47) 17) dialog: T have ambushed you, I am very sorry.
47) 19) dialog: I should clarify what brings me to say these things or I will seem like the veriest bounder. I have found myself thinking about certain matters, um. I have been bustin trail for fifteen years, the last twelve with Mr. Arthur. Mr. Arthur is a top man. Top man. But he is getting older, and... slower to straighten in the morning. Sleeping on the ground, miss, to have no family and to sleep on the ground.
47) 21) dialog: Yes, looking at him, well... I myself have come to the age where, either I will settle, and have children who can take care of me when I am old. Or I will not. That time will have passed. 76.
47) 23) dialog: So I have found myself thinking, well, if I met a, a maiden, or a widow of honor, uh, perhaps I would...
47) 25) dialog: Present myself...
47) 27) dialog: Uh... They both gaze into the fire, the most neutral place to l At length, but still looking in the fire: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) You’re acquainted with the 1872 Grant? Alice looks at him.
47) 29) dialog: Settler in Oregon can claim 320 acres. Married couple can claim 640. There is a, um... In Fort Laramie there is a Mr. Bourgeois who can sanctify marriage. After some thought.
47) 32) dialog: Yes, Iam a Methodist. Yourself, miss?
47) 35) dialog: William. I am Billy Knapp.
47) 38) dialog: Of course. We will um... We will let the boy keep working for the moment? On his assumption of payment? Alice looks at him, draws breath to answer, but stops, fr Billy Knapp looks at her, trying to read her look, wonder dismayed by it. Then he too frowns. We begin to hear it: a distant yapping. It fades, grows, and forth across the border of audibility. 78.
50) 0) text: The chunking of wagon wheels has stopped at the cut, repl people preparing food and chatting and tending to chores. Billy Knapp descends toward the stream, dusty and sweatin Reverse on Mr. Arthur, sitting before a cookfire and eati down to eat by the stream, or to wash things in it, or-—c Mr. Arthur’s back is to us. Responding to the sound of Bi glances back over his shoulder. As Billy Knapp draws up a a plate of dinner.
50) 1) dialog: Thank you. The two men eat.
51) 2) dialog: I thought I should add, miss, to my proposal?
51) 4) dialog: I thought I should add, Alice—lest I seem hard-nosed—f you see fit to decline my proposal, why, there is more than one way to skin a cat. We might find a boy from another wagon to drive your team, use your oxen as payment in Oregon. Someone might be willing. (MORE)
51) 5) text: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) Or distribute your necessities among other wagons. We will get you to Oregon, safe and sound, I don’t wish to present myself as the only alternative to ruination. It would be wrong to take advantage.
51) 7) dialog: All right. All right.
51) 9) dialog: That puts my mind at ease, I am glad to hear it.
51) 11) dialog: I see how it would. You feel badly for him.
51) 13) dialog: Tam very sorry that you have lost him. But he is with his creator. His way is easy now.
51) 15) dialog: Perhaps we'll find comfort together, spiritual ease—that was my hope as well. Alice.
52) 0) text: Billy Knapp is bent low, hobbling his horse. He speaks to
52) 1) dialog: Well, it... it appears that Miss Longabaugh is inclined to accept my proposal, He straightens up. Mr. Arthur has unsaddled and hobbled h their pack mule, examining its load.
52) 3) dialog: Yes, it uh... Of course you will do fine, solo, no doubt about it, a man of your skills will always be in high demand. Mr. Arthur is picking through the pack. 82.
52) 6) dialog: Oh soon, very soon. Another beat. Billy Knapp’s musings are directed at the f BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... Used to hunt the big shaggies, provisioned for the army. Did some trapping. Years. Found myself missing animals’t walked upright. Started piloting. Partnered up with Mr. Arthur.
52) 8) dialog: Don’t know... More fire-gazing. BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D) ... That man is a wonder. He can read the prairie like a book. To see him cut for sign, well—you’d think the good lord dealt us each our five senses, then bottom-dealt Mr. Arthur one extra. Still... he is old. I don’t know how it will go with him. His affairs may... I can’t help feeling in the wrong. Quiet. 83.
52) 10) dialog: Yes, but...
52) 12) dialog: Yes.
52) 14) dialog: He was a doughface?
52) 16) dialog: Oh, I don’t think it is a defect at all. Oh no. Uncertainty—that is appropriate for the matters of this world. Only regarding the next are we vouchsafed certainty.
52) 18) dialog: I believe certainty regarding that which we see and touch—it is seldom justified, if ever. Down the ages, from our remote past, what certainties survive? And yet we hurry to fashion new ones. Wanting their comfort. (shakes his head) “Certainty”—it is the easy path, Just as you said. They are both looking into the fire.
52) 20) dialog: ... and narrow the way. Indeed. Indeed.
57) 0) text: In an endless sea of grass. Mr. Arthur crests the rise on foot, the Winchester slung yapping dog still following. Before him, in the distance, the wagon train lumbers away from the end of it to meet him, is Billy Knapp. Beyond the wagon train, the rolling prairie.