0) 0) text: Panoramic view of Monument Valley. Mighty towers of red s desert floor below. We hear only the sound of the wind. Then, distantly, singing. A tiny figure just visible to t riding a white horse, has cornered a huge archway of ston Close on the rider, Buster Scruggs. His white clothing an blindingly clean. He has one leg drawn up to rest on the on the leg. He strums as he sings, smiling. He finishes the song, holding the last note. Then he hook horn and picks up the reins. He addresses the camera as h
0) 1) dialog: A song never fails to divert m’mind during a long day’s ride out here in the West, where distances’re great and the scenery monotonous. Additionally, m’pleasing baritone seems inspirit good ol’ Dan, keepin’ him in good heart through the day’s measure of hoofclops. Ain’t that right, Dan? A confirming Huntz Hall from the horse.
0) 2) dialog: Maybe y’all’ve heard a me, Buster Scruggs—known to some as the San Saba Songbird. I got other handles, nicknames, appelations and cognoments... He is reaching into his necessary bag and draws from it a of himself with his name printed beneath, and beneath tha
0) 3) dialog: ... but this’n here I don’t consider t’be even halfways earned. I don’t hate m’fellow man even when he’s tiresome’n surly’n tries to cheat at poker. Why I figure that’s just the human material... He crumples the handbill and tosses it over his shoulder. BUSTER (CONT’D) ... and himmet finds in it cause for anger’n dismay is just a fool for expectin’ better. Ain’t that right, Dan? Another Huntz Hall.
0) 4) dialog: ... Well folks, unless I grievously misremember, there’s a little cantina on the other side of yon rimrocks, and if I’m in luck itll be customers there amenable to drawin’ up in a circle round a deck acards. Git up now! Haw!
1) 0) text: The door creaks open and Buster Scruggs takes in the humb pan shows a rude small-windowed place with rough wood app bar. The few hard-looking men drinking there have stopped Buster Scruggs claps his hat against his clothes, raising bartender.
1) 1) dialog: Like me a splash a whiskey ter wash this traildust offen my gullet’n keep m’singin’ voice in fettle. The bartender slowly shakes his head.
1) 3) dialog: What’re they drinkin’?
1) 7) dialog: Sir, it seems you are no better a judge of human bein’s than you are a specimen of one. Just on a brief inventory I’d say you could use yourself a shave and a brighter disposition and lastly if you don’t mind me aspersin’ your friends a better class of drinkin’ buddies. The man grunts. His companions grunt, looking at Buster i hard man, mouth clamped on his toothpick, slowly rises, g holster. Buster is completely relaxed, hands at his sides. The har
1) 9) dialog: Appears to do, yes. The hard man drops. His friends stare, stunned. As one, they leap to their feet hauling out guns. Buster redraws his and, fanning the hammer, lays the men He cocks the hammer one last time and for some reason whi backward under his left armpit. He holds that odd posture for a long moment, then slowly over his left shoulder. Behind him, the bartender is frozen in the act of reachin the bar. The two men have eye contact. Buster winks at the bartender and—BLAM!—fires. One man from among the group at the table is not dead. He door of the cantina. Buster, surprised, looks at the came
1) 10) dialog: Appears that the vitals of this lucky sonofagun remain unpunctured—sloppy shootin’ on my part! The man’s groaning and scraping sounds are the only noise
1) 11) dialog: ... But the nearest human habitation is a day’s ride away, three days on foot, ‘n lord alone knows how many on your belly. I suspect that wolves’n gila monsters’ll save me on ammo. Adios, amigo. Puts me in mind of a song...
2) 0) text: Buster fetches up onto his horse and pulls out his guitar Cowboy” as he sets out from the cantina. Behind him we ca himself out the doorway into the vast dustiness of the de
2) 1) text: Buster finishes the song as he travels the town’s one dus
2) 2) dialog: Frenchman’s Gulch. This town is new to me. But I ain’t never knowed nothin’ French to be dry.
3) 0) text: Buster enters. It is everything he could have hoped for: somewhere a piano playing, and several tables set about w place is crowded with drinkers, poker-players, hell-raise
3) 3) dialog: Here’s the six-shooters... He bends down to pull a derringer from each boot. BUSTER (CONT’D) ... Now’re you gonna be wantin’ the sefiiorita pistols as well?
3) 5) dialog: Never partial to knives. I ain’t much for workin’ in close. As he strolls away:
3) 6) dialog: ... Feel a bit naked but I guess with ever one similarly disadvantaged there’s scant chance of misadventure. Hello! He is reacting to a man rising at a nearby table and tos
3) 8) dialog: This is well timed. You gentlemen mind if I take his spot? A surly man directly across answers:
3) 10) dialog: I would prefer not to. Another man, in a vest and with a small neatly waxed must
3) 13) dialog: Tain’t anted.
3) 16) dialog: And what if I don’t? The surly man rises. He has a gun in his hand. He aims it
3) 19) dialog: ... Second place, m’horse’s Dan, I’m Buster—Buster Scruggs. And third place—
3) 21) dialog: I do hail from Reata Pass which is in the county of San Saba, bein’ the which-a-why “The San Saba Songbird” is m’sobriquet of preference. But right now I would appreciate it if you would place your weapon in that receptacle by the swingin doors, which concealin’ it on your person in the first place was a violation of the rules of this establishment and an offense against local norms. The surly man chuckles. He aims the gun toward the middle
3) 24) dialog: T’m not a devious man by nature but when you’re unarmed your tactics might gotta be downright Archimedean. He looks around.
3) 25) dialog: .. Now what happened to the music? The piano starts up again. Buster goes over to place a fo join the bowlered, cigar-chomping piano player in a rauco Gambler.” The whole saloonful of rakehells and bawds join We intercut Ike kneeling beside the face-shot gambler, cr to mop the ever- flowing blood from his face with a banda weeping, to wring blood from the bandana. It is sad visua upbeat song. Finally Ike’s keening voice breaks up the mu
3) 28) dialog: I can cut you a little slack, grievin’ as you are, but the fact is Buster Scruggs don’t shoot nobody in the back and that sorry sack a bones was more in the nature of a suicide. 10. Ike is taken aback.
3) 30) dialog: Presume you meant to say “The West Texas Tit”—on account of that p’ticular bird’s mellifluous warble.
4) 0) text: Buster is stepping down off the boardwalk into the street
4) 1) dialog: Things have a way of escalatin’ out here in the West with one thing leadin’ to another, but I think I can make pretty short work of this ramified ol’ sonofagun. In the deep background, planted in the middle of the stre
4) 3) dialog: Well hang in there, pardner, I just need to buckle on this toolbelt here. He finishes doing so. Ike is poised, right hand hovering Buster smiles at him. 11.
4) 4) dialog: ... Are ya ready?
4) 6) dialog: Are ya set?
4) 8) dialog: Ya need you a count?
4) 10) dialog: Hard to trigger with them other fingers, but... He fans the hammer, shooting four more times. Tke’s hand: his other three fingers are shot off in quick thumb. On the dusty street, the digits plop to the ground.
4) 11) dialog: .. you cain’t be too careful. Ike, screaming, looks at his stumpy hand spewing blood. H with his left hand for his right-holstered gun.
4) 12) dialog: Uh-oh. Looks like when they made this fella they forgot to put in the quit! Lemme see here, five fingers at a bullet a piece, I ain’t got but the one bullet left. For some reason Buster turns to face the other way up the screaming Ike. 12. Close on Buster we can see Ike small in the background, t across his body to clumsily start withdrawing his gun. BUSTER (CONT’D) Sure hope I don’t miss. Buster takes a small mirror out of his pocket with his le in as he aims his gun upside-down and backwards over his
4) 13) dialog: ... Lesee, his heart’d be on the left side but the mirror puts it right, cepting for we is facing the same way and the gun is upside down. So, um... Ike has his gun out and raises it, screaming.
4) 14) dialog: . maybe it’s best not to play it fancy.
4) 16) dialog: Cause for reflection—heh-heh. Well, this whole entire episode puts me in mind of a song. He sucks in his breath but before it can issue out in son faint but sweet. Surprised, Buster looks around for the source of the sing Riding up the road is a handsome young man accompanying h sings. Buster walks over to meet the oncoming rider who finishes guitar.
4) 18) dialog: The same. You got a mighty sweet singin’ voice, pardner.
5) 0) text: A minute later. Buster sadly shakes his head as he paces bullets into his six-shooter.
5) 1) dialog: Another young fella with something to prove. Behind him in the background a couple of men are dragging ankles, and the young man is taking his place in the midd
5) 2) dialog: I gotta set m’self up in the undertaking bidnis—stop doin’ all the skillwork so’s another man can profit. He turns, having reloaded and holstered his gun. He murmu new antagonist: BUSTER (CONT’D) .. But then, do I wanna wear a black suit. From off:
5) 4) dialog: Na’sir—
5) 6) dialog: ... Hold ona second. He looks down. His right hand is relaxed, empty, next to his still holst He looks up the street. The young man stands set in place, gunhand extended befor counterbalance, smoke wafting from his gunbarrel. Buster squints at him. He looks down at his own chest whe A red droplet hits the snowy white of his tunic. Buster tries to sort this out. He reaches for his hat. He holds it up before himself to inspect it. The front of He tips the hat, front brim upward, so as to look inside. The inside back of the crown shows an exit hole. Sprayed brain.
5) 7) dialog: Well now that ain’t good. He looks up. The young man is still planted. The gunsmoke has dissipat Buster takes out his handmirror. He examines himself in i There is a hole centered high in his forehead. In the reflection, he drops away, quickly followed by han From behind the young man’s hip: he twirls and holsters h see the soles of Buster Scruggs boots and his body stretc High on Buster Scruggs, on his back in the street, sightl Oddly, his voice continues in the same present tone: 15.
5) 8) dialog: I guess I shoulda seen this comin’... The young man enters a low shot to gaze down at the body. Back to the high shot of Buster. While his corpse remains blood begins to pool out from under his head, his soul be body in the same white get-up but with wings sprouting ou transparent, continues the speech:
5) 9) dialog: ... Roam and ramble though you might, eventually you’re gonna come acrost some sonofagun who sings a little sweeter and draws a little faster. Buster’s soul starts to sing, harmonizing with the sweet- the verse, the cowboy continues singing but Buster’s soul
5) 10) dialog: ... I don’t know as I believe in a divinity shapin’ our ends and numberin’ our days. But I do believe I’m a-headed for a hereafter... The young cowboy goes over to his rail-hitched horse, sti
5) 11) dialog: ... Why heck, ifthere warn’t a place where men ain’t low-down and poker’s played fair, then what’re all the songs about? The young man unhitches his horse and swings aboard.
5) 12) dialog: ... I b’lieve the music comes from that higher place... The young man swings his guitar up and heads out, riding pommel and his guitar resting on the leg, strumming as he We are rising higher, higher, with the ascending soul of 16. BUSTER (CONT’D) ... An’ at’s where I’m off to, to trade my gui-tar for a lyre and sing those sweet songs where they ain’t no clinkers to sour the spell and cain’t no gunplay inter-trude. Tl see all of you sonofaguns in the bye and bye and we can sing them sweet airs together, and shake our heads over all that meanness in the used-to-be. He resumes his harmony part as the young cowboy recedes b figure entering the vast desert, his distant voice echoin As the singing voices fade into the sound of a moaning wi The last lines of our tale in print on the page, which is the next story: