2) 0) text: Buster fetches up onto his horse and pulls out his guitar Cowboy” as he sets out from the cantina. Behind him we ca himself out the doorway into the vast dustiness of the de
6) 0) text: We are panning the horizon. It is fat, windswept, vast, e It is the western edge of the Great Plains. Our pan eventually finds and settles on a small adobe bui measureless horizon. A weathered wooden sign above its door identifies it as t & TRUST OF TUCUMCARI. Swinging beneath it and clunking against the top of the d sign, apparently put up as afterthought: 4nd Notary. Taking it in, eyes crinkling against the wind, is a man i holding the reins of a mount that stands behind him. From somewhere, a creaking sound. The man’s eyes shift: A well. The bucket suspended over it creaks back and fort jagged scrapwood is nailed to its canopy: BAD WATER. The horse nervously nickers. The cowboy drops the reins a 18.
7) 0) text: The cowboy enters. The one-room structure is empty except for a trapper with behind the teller’s bars, hands planted on the counter. H black sleevegarters. The cowboy walks to the counter, spurs jingling.
7) 1) dialog: Awful big name for a little place like this.
7) 3) dialog: .. What depositors?
7) 6) dialog: Ever been robbed?
7) 8) dialog: Money in the sack. The teller gazes owlishly. Finally he sighs and his jaw r
9) 4) dialog: ... What? 22. He works his eyes. The black figure comes slowly into focus. It is a man in He is in treeshade but the open prairie behind him bakes His gentle irregular movement comes from the shifting of
9) 6) dialog: What’s... m’sentence? Guffaws. There are other men, four of them, also mounted. The man in black looks reprovingly at his companions, the
9) 8) dialog: Well... He licks his lips.
9) 9) dialog: ... That pan-covered sonofabitch back at the bank don’t hardly fight fair, in my opinion. The man in black nods respectfully.
9) 11) dialog: Well... I reckon it is. Silence. Creaking rope. One member of the posse has a thought:
9) 15) dialog: I don’t want any of ‘em to have it. The first man growls:
9) 17) dialog: Whoa... easy... The noosed cowboy tries to calm the horse stirring beneat around. The judge has two six-guns out and is firing to either si maced off his horse by one galloping brave and then lance the lance sticking out of him, its feathers aflutter, and until an Indian tomahawks him down from behind. 24. The cowboy’s horse bucks and stamps. The cowboy anxiously the panicked horse with his knees and, awkwardly leaned b throat, rolls his eyeballs left and right to goggle at th A posse member kicks down at an Indian afoot who is tryin mount. He fires down at the Indian as another brave sawho of his horse and slits his throat from behind. The judge is finally St.-Sebastianed full of arrows and t snapping arrowshafts. Unmounted now, the horse takes off, body of the judge on a prairie sleigh ride, and grazing t it gallops past. COWBOY (GONT’D) Whoa... easy there... Through the dust and the gun smoke another posse member, from behind by a brave as he takes out his knife to scalp The cowboy’s horse is stamping. COWBOY (CONT’D) Easy... From the noosed cowboy’s perspective the doings are obscu finishes his work. Another Indian who by his warbonnet and bearing seems to from the battle, now won. He eases his horse over to face The chief looks impassively at the cowboy, down at his sk that stretches to the treelimb, sizing things up. The cow chief looks at the cowboy. The chief suddenly makes a booga-booga noise, eyes saucer to shake his feathered lance with one hand and a medicine cowboy’s horse stamps and shifts. The rope pulls taut. COWBOY (GONT’D) Whoa... The chief screeches with laughter and saws his horse arou party, finished with the posse, is mounting up as well. Whooping and hollering, the Indians recede. 25. Wide. Bodies about. One man still moaning. The noosed cow back in his saddle to give the rope what play there is to
10) 0) text: The noosed cowboy is leaning even further back. With a motion of his horse the cowboy’s throat gets cinch look down at the animal. Cropping the grass placidly enough, it has eaten everythi step forward. It continues to nibble. The wounded man is still moaning. The cowboy’s eyes roll Dissolve:
11) 1) dialog: Nnongh... The cowboy’s body, head now canted steeply back, can move from the horse. Now, a new sound. The cowboy’s eyes roll. Entering his point-of-view: a steer. Trailed by another. Many steers. A whipcrack and a “Haw!”
11) 2) dialog: Nnnnngh! The lone drover enters his point-of-view.
11) 3) dialog: (more urgently) Nnnnngh! The drover slows and then heaves to, taking in the tablea 26. After a staring beat he spurs his horse toward the scene. He dismounts. He wanders among the bodies with smashed he cushioned torsos. After a long staring beat looks up at t
11) 5) dialog: Nnngh. The drover nods understanding. He takes his six-gun out a fires. And misses. At the report the cropping horse whips its head up and st unsaddled and starts to slide down the horse’s rump. The The cowboy’s ass slips off the horse’s rump and he swings
13) 1) dialog: He is shoved forward, hands tied behind his back. A dusty Before him, a boardwalk fronting a saloon. Upon it, looki a great drooping mustache. He sits behind a makeshift tab by two upright barrels. He wears buckskin pants and a sid old Confederate uniform. His felt hat is aged and stained meals eaten long ago. The man who shoved the cowboy, a bailiff of sorts, now kn
13) 4) dialog: Sir, I— The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
13) 8) dialog: Sir, I didn’t— The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
13) 11) dialog: Sir, I never— The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
13) 14) dialog: No, sir—
13) 16) dialog: No sir, but—
14) 0) text: The cowboy stands on a four-banger gallows with three oth hands tied behind and wear nooses. The cowboy is gazing out at the crowd. Prompted by a nois condemned man next to him. The grizzled man is whimpering, terrified. Beyond him, at condemned, the hangman slips a black hood over the furthe to the next. The cowboy, himself calm, gives the man next to him a smi
14) 1) dialog: First time? 30. The man glances at him, too scared to be puzzled. The han starts to hood him. The cowboy gives a wry cock of the head. He looks back ou His point-of-view: a sea of faces. One in particular: a b woman, the face of a saint. She looks at the men about to of bottomless sadness. To himself:
14) 2) dialog: There’s a pretty girl. Back to his point-of-view of the woman. It is wiped away to bring on black. The hood amplifies the cowboy’s breath of the crowd and the whimpering of the next man over. The black until we hear the CLACK of the trapdoor and a very breathing. We hear the roar of the crowd. Dissolve to: the last lines of the story: “... and then t fading fast.” The page turns as we hear the crowd’s roar fade into a ho turned to a title page: