3) 11) dialog: It is too late. You have regarded ze cards.
3) 14) dialog: Ze uzzer hombre anted.
57) 5) text: illustration. Looking steeply up the side of a stagecoach in full fligh against a twilight sky. He is dressed in a greatcoat, his face. The wind blows his scarf behind him as he cracks hi caption: Fe gave no sign that he had heard the Frenchman bellowing We hear someone humming, then singing to himself—merry bu Me Love Her All the More” as we dissolve to the inside of
58) 12) dialog: You did not know heem?
58) 16) dialog: Ees true. Practice.
58) 24) dialog: Lucky and unlucky.
58) 40) dialog: The parent should not burden the child’s household. This was wrong of you.
58) 42) dialog: She would say so, of course. But no doubt you could read in her facial expressions, as pointed out by the tedious man, that your presence was not wanted. We each have a life. Each a life, only our own.
58) 44) dialog: I know that we must each spin our wheel, play our own hand. I was once at cards with a man named Cipolski— this was very many years ago—
58) 46) dialog: He was Polonaise, yes. And we were-
58) 48) dialog: We were at cards. My hand was poor; I folded. Cipolski and four others remain, but Cipolski says to me, I am in distress, René, you play for me while I perform mes necessités—my necessaries. I say, friend, I cannot wager for you. But of course you can, he says, we know each other well—wager as I would do. But this is quite impossible, no? How a man wagers, it is decided by who he is, by the entirety of his experience of poker up until the moment of that bet. I cannot bet for you. Pourguoi pas? I cannot know you. Not to this degree. We must each play our own hand. No, Cipolski, I say. We may call each other friends, but we cannot know each other so.
58) 51) dialog: You misunderstand, son vieux. We can know each other—to a certain level. But to know entirely —smpossible. Poker is interesting because? Because I do not know your hand, yes. But also because—I do not know you. I see what you wager; what does it mean? (a shrug) Ican guess—I cannot know. Or there is no poker.
58) 54) dialog: Life is life. Cards will teach you what you need to know. You speak of your life, with your husband who awaits. You fly to him in certainty that he loves you as he did three years ago. Well, three years. There was a flame. You do not know that there is.
58) 56) dialog: Life is change. And all is unknowable. Even my own life: I wager knowing my hand now, not my final hand.
58) 58) dialog: Tam French.
58) 60) dialog: Ifhe ever did! No offense, Madame, my point is that we never know to the deepest level, and the word “love” can have different meanings.
58) 63) dialog: Your husband was an educator; a lecturer; would you say a man of charisma?
58) 65) dialog: (shrug) Bon, “love” would mean something different to such a person, who commands the love of a crowd, than it would to a person who can only coax love, through subservience. 105.
58) 67) dialog: His love is different from yours, it’s all I say. The person widely admired accepts love as a tribute. It is his due. He confers his own love as an honor, for, coming from him, it must have great worth. But you, Madame, would not receive that gift, eh, splendidly, as one who has no need, but would grasp at it as a beggar. The lady stares at him aghast. The trapper, looking from her to the Frenchman, fills the
58) 70) dialog: And of course the great man, the admired man, might well accept other loves, simply as his due, from some of those who admire him. Why not, if the admirer is comely. It is love of a different kind than the domestic of course, but in France we s-AHH!
58) 73) dialog: Please! Madame!
58) 80) dialog: We—we must stop the coach! Let her walk, move the limbs! Thigpen shakes his head. The information is offhand:
58) 82) dialog: He must stop! We are the passengers!
59) 0) text: Steep down on the Frenchman looking up, wind in his face.
59) 1) dialog: Coachman! I say, coachman! His steep point-of-view up: the man driving, framed again delineated clouds. The coachman’s face is not much visibl see his coat flowing in the wind; we see his leather glov he raises a whip and snaps it forward through sky; we see brim; we see a flash of full walrus mustache. The Frenchman yells over the wind: FRENCHMAN (CONT’D) .. We must stop! Coachman! A passenger is discommoded! 107. The coachman presents the same windswept picture, driving hearing, or perhaps not listening. The Frenchman pulls his head back inside.
60) 0) text: The Frenchman looks around, dazed.
60) 1) dialog: He will not stop.
60) 30) dialog: So you will take zem alive?
60) 40) dialog: ... Pah-sahge? Thigpen looks at the Frenchman.
61) 14) dialog: Apres vous. The trapper casts about. To the lady: