15) 0) text: A horse-drawn cart rattles along in a very wide shot. A l lead. We are in the mountains going over a windswept pass On the man driving the cart: an Irishman of later middle His eyes water as he squints into the wind. The cart: a boxy thing whose plank sides bear carny-style lettering weathered well down. The lettering identifies t SEDAN. The illustrations are of great scenes from the his declaiming in Elizabethan garb, in Greek masks, in costum Nile and Cadiz, crossing swords, addressing busts, kissin Another landscape: the horse and cart and trailing mule c stream.
17) 0) text: Later. The firelight falls off to flicker dimly on the parked wa placidly cropping grass. Nearer the fire, on either side 34. eat supper. The seated Irishman uses a knife to stab piec Harrison lies on his side, head craning to mouth food off A long beat of eating. Sounds of chewing and lipsmacks. Harrison’s plate is now empty. He gazes across the fire a to eat.
18) 0) text: Wide on the Irishman leading the cart-pulling horse by th over road. Inside the cart: Harrison rides just behind the front ben necessaries.
19) 4) dialog: Bless you, sir... T’ank you... Later: the Irishman is chinking coins back into his hat, grim.
21) 0) text: Snow falls. The Irishman holds a spoonful of soup to Harrison’s lips. slurps it in. The Irishman dips the spoon, raises it again.
22) 0) text: The stopped cart and waiting horse are soft in the backgr In the foreground the Irishman stands straining as he hol him at the height of his own chest, the two men facing th midbody but we can tell from the loose hang of Harrison’s uncinched at the bottom. 36. The Irishman looks off, grimacing under the weight he sup steeply down. We hear water spattering against ground.
24) 0) text: We are on Harrison watching apprehensively as we hear the We cut to the Irishman across the fire. He clutches a bot his old Irish song are slurred. His head bobs and dips. F seen he is smiling. The smile is ghastly. He finishes the song and punctuates by hurling the bottle shatters. He rises tipsily to his feet.
24) 1) dialog: We’re goin’ into town.
25) 0) text: The Irishman, led by a boozily laughing bawd, climbs a st the main floor to a door-lined mezzanine gallery. The Iri upward, impaired by liquor and burdened by Harrison whom toted Santa-style on his back. Harrison scowls.
26) 0) text: A corner of the room: Harrison is deposited on the floor. room—chair, bed, wood stand with basin. Wider: the Irishman and the bawd laugh on. The bawd plops peeling down her garters. The swaying Irishman takes off his suspenders but stops short, eyeing Harrison. He goes to Harrison and spins his basket so that he faces We hold on Harrison, scowling, as laughter and sounds of 37-
27) 3) dialog: I don’t vink so.
27) 5) dialog: .. Once.
30) 0) text: The audience is gone, the cart closed up. The Irishman is counting money into the hand of the impre small wooden cage, emits an occasional squawk.
30) 1) dialog: . He eat much?
31) 0) text: A crackling breakfast-fire over which a coffeepot is susp Aknife slits an opening in a bag of bird seed. The bag is bucket. Seed hisses into the bucket. The bucket is placed before the rooster who is staked by line. The Irishman plops down now before the fire, holding a ti then wraps both hands on the cup and stares into the fire Harrison is also facing the fire, a hardly-touched plate The rooster, tapping at the seed in the bucket, then tapp ground around it. It paces jerkily to the short limit of the ground. It pauses, looks up, seeming to return Harris The Irishman is as before, gazing thoughtfully at the fir 40. Harrison, looking at the rooster. The rooster looking back, then resuming pecking. The Irishman gazing at the fire. After a long beat he tos
32) 0) text: A picturesque high shot looking down at an overlook on a water boils and gurgles. We hear the approaching rattle and clank of the Irishman’ when it pulls into frame and stops on the rise. The Irish down. On the Irishman walking the bank. He is knotting a length stops, looking down into the river. He tosses the stone a His point-of-view: The stone and mess of trailing rope hi immediately sinking. The rope floats on the surface in a the sinking stone pulls the rope down-until none remains. On the Irishman, looking. He starts back to the wagon. On Harrison in the cart, looking out the back. In his viewpoint vignetted by the cart’s tailgate and sid approaches. He reaches into the wagon, hoists Harrison, heads back to The rooster, in its cage in the back of the wagon, looks squawking, head aimlessly bobbing.