58) 10) dialog: A loved one?
58) 22) dialog: People are not the same. There are two kinds, utterly distinct. Thigpen steps in as moderator: P.
58) 26) dialog: Those are not the two kinds. You well know the two kinds.
58) 28) dialog: Upright and sinning. Don’t be a fool.
58) 30) dialog: People are not like ferrets, and I speak not on my own authority but on that of the holy bible.
58) 32) dialog: Yes—rightly or wrongly. And here I speak with high authority. My husband, Dr. Betjeman, was an expert, a lecturer at the Chattauqua on moral and spiritual hygiene, now retired. I have the benefit of his insights.
58) 34) dialog: His lectures were spectacularly attended. He was—he is—considered an expert on spiritual betterment. (¢o trapper) Jacob’s ladder. Betterment. But I don’t suppose you have ever been much occupied with the betterment of your soul.
58) 37) dialog: We have been separated for some time. He has been... East. Illness has kept him but now we shall reunite. It will be a great joy.
58) 39) dialog: Yes. I have been living with my daughter and son-in-law these last three years.
58) 41) dialog: I was not a burden! I was welcome in my daughter’s house! Her imperiousness belies her own claim, and the Frenchman smile and tilt of his head.
58) 43) dialog: You know nothing about me, or my domestic affairs! 102.
58) 53) dialog: Poker is a gambling game. You have pursued a life of vice and dissipation—and you are no doubt expert in such pursuits. But no conclusions drawn from such a life, will apply to a life rightly lived. Another shrug and smile from the airily superior Frenchma
58) 55) dialog: (heated) Among decent people relations may be eternal. Decent people stay true—to others, to themselves. The Frenchman shakes his head, ¢sting. 103. The Frenchman smiles. 104.
58) 59) dialog: You are a presumptuous man! You tell me my daughter doesn’t love me, that my husband no longer does—
58) 62) dialog: I know what “love” means! One thing! You—
58) 64) dialog: He was! He is!
58) 66) dialog: I did not COAX love from Dr. Betjeman! I am nota WHEEDLER. My husband’s love was freely given! And endures!
58) 69) dialog: How DARE you-
58) 71) dialog: 
58) 74) dialog: 
60) 7) dialog: Please... All look to her. Her head is lolled back but she is looki LADY (GONT’D) ... Stop doing that. This arrests the fanning of his hat. The trapper holds it puts it back on. Rattling silence. Then, singing:
60) 9) text: VOICE (CONT’D) Who did I spy but my own dear comrade Wrapped up in flannel, so hard was his fate. The lady slowly emerges from her distress to look in wond His rough look would not have led us to expect this beaut The old Irish air he sings is the ancestor—and has the fa Streets of Laredo.”
60) 44) dialog: And... do they ever... succeed? Thigpen looks at her gravely, considering. He looks at th him, then returns to the lady and smiles.
61) 16) dialog: .. I must be helped down. The trapper clears his throat, reaches for the door, paus pushes it open and steps gingerly down. He turns back and extends a hand up to the lady. She cann there is nothing for the Frenchman to do but follow. The three head single file—lady leading, trapper second, the hotel. Outside, their faces—now that they are no long of the stagecoach—are somewhat pale. The hotel’s front door creaks open, the coachman emerges. and then past them, all coat and gloves and boots—hardly of eyes between the low hatbrim and the great mustache. The three passengers ascend to the boardwalk. The lady dr front door but doesn’t reach for it. An uneasy beat as we hear the coachman, off, clambering b Finally: LADY (CONT’D) Will someone open the door for a lady? My husband is waiting.