40) 6) text: line of conestoga wagons recedes into the distance; a lon wagon train is about to meet a man on foot, his back to u his shoulder. He is trailed by a small black terrier. We move down to the caption at the bottom of the picture: Mr. Arthur had no idea what he would say to Billy Knapp. We dissolve to: INT. BOARDERS’ DINING ROOM - NIGHT
43) 2) dialog: Condolences—goin back? Alice stares at him. It is as if she has not heard. Her m Mr. Arthur grows only more uncomfortable under her stare.
43) 3) dialog: ... You, uh, goin back now, er... As we hear approaching hoofbeats Mr. Arthur’s panicked lo approaching rider, appealing for help.
43) 7) dialog: She a go-backer?
44) 0) text: Billy Knapp is walloping the ground with the flat of a sh colleague Mr. Arthur watches from his horse, arms draped Billy Knapp notices Alice approaching and in deference st presses at the ground with his toe. She draws up, looking at the patch of earth.
44) 17) dialog: A high price. These words—the first we’ve heard Mr. Arthur speak—have b in particular. Billy Knapp addresses Alice:
44) 20) dialog: That’s a high price.
44) 26) dialog: That’s a high price.
44) 29) dialog: One day’s ride.
46) 0) text: Trudging. Alice somewhat behind, the sullen youth leading EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT Mr. Arthur and Billy Knapp are at their cookfire. Billy K a cup, takes a last sip and tosses the dregs. He takes a pocket and bites offa chaw. Nearby Mr. Arthur turns his empty cup upside down and tap Billy Knapp hands him the plug.
46) 1) dialog: Obliged. He looks up at the sound of footsteps. Alice approaching. his feet. Mr. Arthur remains sitting.
46) 27) dialog: Afternoon.
46) 29) dialog: Both I guess.
46) 31) dialog: That right.
46) 33) dialog: Uh-huh.
46) 35) dialog: Nope.
46) 37) dialog: Afternoon. Billy Knapp gallops off.
49) 2) dialog: Noon here. 79.
50) 0) text: The chunking of wagon wheels has stopped at the cut, repl people preparing food and chatting and tending to chores. Billy Knapp descends toward the stream, dusty and sweatin Reverse on Mr. Arthur, sitting before a cookfire and eati down to eat by the stream, or to wash things in it, or-—c Mr. Arthur’s back is to us. Responding to the sound of Bi glances back over his shoulder. As Billy Knapp draws up a a plate of dinner.
52) 2) dialog: Uh huh.
52) 4) dialog: ... Wheres’at mecate rope?—Neb mind, here it is. EXT. ALICE’S COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT Billy Knapp and Alice sit at Alice’s fire, both gazing in of coffee. A long beat.
53) 0) text: Mr. Arthur sinks into a squat in close shot, looking down The soft ground in the streambed he has stopped at, shows Back to Mr. Arthur. His look swivels to his left, followi He slowly rises, his appraising look directed at the hori background—behind him—continues to advance toward us, its arrived. Mr. Arthur’s point-of-view shows a gentle rise but not mu horizon. Peaceful as can be. The man walking before the first wagon in the train is dr
53) 2) dialog: Horses. (a gesture forward as he mounts up) Keep on. Gonna talk to Mr. Knapp. 85.
54) 1) dialog: Ata canter, going down the line of wagons. A puzzled look as he draws even with the wagon led by Mat
54) 2) dialog: Wharza woman?
54) 4) dialog: Mrs. Longabaugh, wharshe?
54) 6) dialog: O’er air? Whyzat?
54) 8) dialog: Whenshe go?
54) 10) dialog: Whenshe go?! A shrug from Matt.
54) 12) dialog: Uh-hnghh. 86. A beat looking and he spurs his horse to the left.
55) 0) text: Mr. Arthur is spurring and reining his horse in a forward intently down at the prairie grass just in front of him. background, several hundred yards behind Mr. Arthur now, to our eyes—unmarked prairie grass. Mr. Arthur abruptly tacks, taking the opposite-ways diago trained on the grass just before him. He stops the horse, His point of view, since he now has a bit of elevation, s prairie grass. No human yet visible. He spurs his horse forward.
56) 4) dialog: Prairie dogs, ma’am. Uh, ma’am... We best, uh... She still watches the little animals, one or two of whom at President Pierce. 87.
56) 5) dialog: ... Ma’am, there’s uh—
56) 7) dialog: Yes’m. We'd better—um, gittin late. She laughs.
56) 9) dialog: Git down.
56) 11) dialog: Git down now, Miss. He has half-pulled her down but she has landed on her fee arms to yap at the prairie dogs. Alice is alarmed by his sudden change of attitude.
56) 13) dialog: Set below this rise here. He goes to hobble his own horse as she watches, bewildere 88.
56) 15) dialog: Not directly. A short gesture with his head. She looks—and gives a sobbing little cry. An Indian on horseback, motionless, silhouetted on the di Mr. Arthur rises from his horse and takes five strides ou hand out toward him head palm-forward. He stops, fixed in No motion from the Indian. Mr. Arthur returns:
56) 16) dialog: We're in for a fight. He won’t answer m’peace sign’n he’s a Sioux. (shakes his head) We can’t make a run for it through this dog-town. She is agitated but tries to calm herself with a thought:
56) 18) dialog: Keep lookin. Other Indians are joining the first, forming a facing lin them all told. Mr. Arthur is dragging the saddle off his hillock.
56) 19) dialog: ... They'll crush us. Course, dog-holes as bad fer them as fer us, and they don’t know how to fight. He unscabards his Winchester and checks the breach, gets it, talking as he works: 89.
56) 20) dialog: If they was to come in on all sides I couldn’t handle ‘em, but they rush in a bunch, like damn fools!
56) 22) dialog: Beg pardon, Miss. Now you set there, take this. He is giving her the revolver. She will not reach for it; hand over the gun.
56) 23) dialog: Take’t now. Two bullets in it. She is starting to tremble.
56) 24) dialog: Don’t mean f’you to help me. You can’t help me, don’t even try, jus’ keep tucked low here below the crest. If I see we’re licked, PIL drop back’n shoot you and then shoot m’self, so that’s okay. But if you see that I’m done for, well, you'll have to do fer yourself... He puts a finger on her forehead.
56) 25) dialog: You put it right there so’s ya cain’t miss.
56) 27) dialog: This is business Miss Longabaugh. They ketch you well it won’t be so good. After they... take off ever stitch a yer clothes n’have their way with ye they’ll stretch you out with a rawhide to each of yer arms’n legs. Then they'll drive a (MORE)
56) 29) dialog: stake through the middle of your body into the ground and then... do some other things. And we can’t have that. She is shaking. Now he reassures:
56) 30) dialog: We ain’t licked yet. But if we are, you know what to do. She vigorously nods.
56) 31) dialog: ... That first injun there, he’s the mucky-muck’n if I shoot him well that’s bad medicine’n I think they'll all lose their spit’n light out. He chuckles again.
56) 32) dialog: They’re a funny bunch. (starts down the bill to his saddle) Anyway, we’ll have a GOOD fight! He covers, making himself comfortable behind the saddle, The Indians have started to move, the center of their lin the ends moving toward the middle to fall into line behin abreast column. Mr. Arthur projects:
56) 33) dialog: They'll start makin noise now, sposed to skeer us but it won’t bother us none will it Miss? She returns a rather tremulous—
56) 35) dialog: Well that’s a waste a bullets. More gunfire from the Indians as the column starts to spl still advancing. We now hear the whistle of bullets going by close. Divots the saddle, spraying earth. Mr. Arthur does not react, but now he fires. A forward ho rider. Mr. Arthur tracks another rider as the incoming fire cont spills without his firing. He bellows:
56) 36) dialog: ... Dog-hole! He swings to track another forward rider: the man with th He fires: a miss. More and more incoming bullets, nearby impacts. Alice’s h its hobbled legs awkwardly pawing air until it collapses, Mr. Arthur fires at a rider now at the forward-most part columns. The man is hit. He swings his gun to the rider on the mirroring side, fir down its rider leaps clear. The two columns have now peeled completely and are windin The Indian whose horse was shot is running forward though Arthur takes leisurely aim, and fires, ending his charge. The whoops of the other Indians continue but are fading, Mr. Arthur eases up from the saddle. He again takes caref The Indian struggling to his feet by the dog-holed horse, awkwardly, screaming. Mr. Arthur fires. The Indian is hit. Mr. Arthur relaxes. 92.
56) 37) dialog: Okay, they got the lay of the land. He reloads his gun, attention split between it and the In Their whoops have abated, but they are reforming on the r
56) 38) dialog: ... This time they’ll come with a purpose. You all right Miss?
56) 40) dialog: They ain’t gonna do it all day. This’ll tell the tale. This time he doesn’t bother with cover but remains standi Distant cracks of gunfire. Mr. Arthur is sighting at the man in headdress. A loud cr Nearer incoming fire. Mr. Arthur aims at the next man in line as the leader pul him, unridering the horse. The Indians do not display the formation of their first c they now seem to be everywhere, whooping. Crack!—Mr. Arthur hits another Indian who has drawn almos pans to aim at a rider passing on the other side. Crack!— He rises—
56) 41) dialog: Leave’m to me, Miss! —and fires and the Indian is shot off his horse. Crack—an incoming bullet flaps Mr. Arthur’s shirt. 93. He spins and quickly sights the incoming chief. He fires rifle lost. Mr. Arthur quickly fires again and the man is He is on the ground, not far away. Mr. Arthur advances on rifle at his hip, fires, hits him square in the chest. He raises his rifle looking for a new target. But the Ind away, scattering, leaving the field. Some of them fire at impotent gesture. Among the milling horses are three now riderless mounts j Arthur turns from the horses, targets a retreating Indian One of the loose horses is heading toward him from behind Mr. Arthur turns at the sound and lowers his rifle to app The horse, which looks like it will pass him wide, sudden up from its offside and in the same motion swings an arm Mr. Arthur is caught square on the head and falls back, l The rider pulls his horse up and vaults down before it ha sending him toward Mr. Arthur as he pulls a knife from hi As he reaches the inert body—Mr. Arthur’s right hand rise The Indian falls dead. Mr. Arthur woozily rises. He gazes out at the field. The last of the Indians are disappearing. The occasional Quiet returns. The only near sound is the rasping of a fa hole. Mr. Arthur turns back to the crest of the hill where Pres Near the dog is Alice, lying on her back, a bullet hole i Mr. Arthur comes up short, staring.
56) 42) dialog: Oh my. He stares. He shakes his head in deep distress. 94. MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D) Pore little gal. She hadn’t ought to have did it! He turns away stunned, the dog yapping at his feet.
56) 43) dialog: .. Oh my. He walks woodenly away.
56) 44) dialog: .. Oh my. An Indian by the rasping horse is struggling to his hands him offhandedly as he passes. Dissolve to:
57) 0) text: In an endless sea of grass. Mr. Arthur crests the rise on foot, the Winchester slung yapping dog still following. Before him, in the distance, the wagon train lumbers away from the end of it to meet him, is Billy Knapp. Beyond the wagon train, the rolling prairie.