36) 0) text: The prospector stands in the middle of the stream, the le rolled up to the height of the water. He jerks on a length of string and pulls up a small silve sunlight. Looking up at the ridge above him he notices the owl alig
36) 3) dialog: Icain’t do it! He unloads the eggs already in his sling. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) .. Damny. He considers. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) Mebbe just one. He restores one egg to his sling and starts his descent. 48. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) ... How high can a bird count, anyway...
37) 2) dialog: Eating, staring fixedly off as he chews. His point-of-view: the line of holes at the riverbank. The prospector, still chewing.
37) 3) dialog: Yep... yep... He sets the plate aside, rising: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) Ya ready, Mr. Pocket?
37) 5) dialog: Keepers now... gettin to keepers...
37) 7) dialog: Lumps’n chunks... lumps’n chunks... He steps back, looks at the shape of his bendy, not-yet-f 49. He drops the sack, picks up the spade that is planted by hill referring to the downhill holes. A look back and forth and then he decisively plants the s presumptive apex of the triangle. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) ... Right here! I got the almighty cinch on you, Mr. Pocket! You’re settin down there a-waitin for me! He picks up a canteen, tips his head back and pours water He blinks up at the hot sun. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) .. Hold on sun, hold on. ’'m almost there.
37) 11) dialog: Mother Machree! 50. The quartz/gold seam comes apart with just a little twist Still on his knees he tosses the huge gold chunk onto a b pit. He pulls another chunk from the pit wall in front of more of this one is gold. And another chunk. And another. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) Hello Mr. Pocket! The pit, out of direct sunlight, is warmly lit by the lat raised by his digging and clawing. But now the light, ani dust, is subtly disturbed. The prospector freezes. What was it? Not a shadow. Was it wavered in the cloud of light and dust, is now still. We are very close on the prospector who faces into the pi not daring to turn his head. He thinks. After a long beat lump in front of him. More stillness. Not knowing what to do, not wanting to turn around, he st to brush dirt from the lump. When we cut from the lump to a close-up on his face it is an out-of-focus figure standing at the lip of the pit, ab The prospector clears his throat. He self-consciously whi nonchalance, tipping his head to admire the lump of gold. The soft silhouetted figure above is silently reaching so We cut to a high angle over the man’s shoulder, the prosp from us, on his knees, whistling. Motion in the body of t continuing and then completing the action of getting some is still. Back down to the prospector. We are now very close, his f prospector is beading sweat, looking at the lump, trying coming up with anything. His whistling dries. In the quie head. A loud roar and his body slams down out of frame. He hits the ground and is still. Renewed quiet. 51. The man looking down: a young man, almost a boy, clean-sh prospector, a six-gun smoking in his hand. He holds still his prey is dead. At length he relaxes, his gun no longer pointing but his the pit. The prospector’s limbs are in an awkward tangle. He has t corpse. Blood leaks from his back. The shooter slowly seats himself on the lip of the pit, l His eyes still on the corpse he sets the gun down and fis tobacco-sack from his pocket. He curls the paper, taps in curling the paper, licks it shut, lights it. As he inhales his look moves, for the first time, off the the stream and up the pines to where a shape moves: the o Evening breeze stirs the man’s hair. He gives a long exha into the pit. Seeped-out blood covers the back of the prospector’s shir The shooter, his look unemotive, sighs, licks forefinger against the end of the cigarette, killing it. He puts it picks up the gun. He braces both arms against the lip and drops himself int head as he lets go of the edge. Just as he lands the prospector, twisting with a wheezing shooter’s ankle and upsets his balance. The gun goes off side of the hole and filling it with smoke. Collapsing at the bottom the shooter tries to lower the g wrenched to the side as the gun goes off again. The two m space a riot of flailing limbs. The prospector does not l even as he lowers the gun to shoot. Suddenly the prospector throws a handful of dirt into the the gun away. The shooter raises his other hand in front of his face to the gun roars again, the bullet passing through his hand 52. The prospector struggles wheezing to his feet, dischargin into the young man’s body. The gunsmoke rises and the last gunshot rings out to leav looking down at the dead man covered in blood. Blood drip well, draining down the arm holding the gun still pointin PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) Ya measly skunk! A-campin on my trail and lettin me do the work an then shootin me in the back! He kicks at the dead man’s foot. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
38) 1) dialog: ... Ya measly SKUNK! He drops the gun at the riverbank and plows into the wate knee-bends to clear the blood so as to be able to examine He moans with pain and effort with each bob as he sloshes The exposed wound is in his midriff, to one side. He rais at the exit wound in his back. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) ... Went clean through. Didn’t hit nothing important. Just guts! JUST
39) 0) text: Early light. The holes. The dead shooter, caked with dirt and blood, lies at the been dragged out. On the other side of the pit uncleaned bag. Wheezing is audible within the pit. The prospector, now bandaged, is inside. The pit’s uphill pocket of gold having been clawed out. The prospector run surface, looking, pulling out a clod, satisfying himself
39) 1) dialog: Okay... okay... He emerges from the pit. He plants a toe under the corpse and, with one hand clamp keep it compressed while he strains, he rolls the dead ma PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) ... That’s yer share, ya measly skunk!
40) 2) dialog: There’s a spot in me heart Which nobody may own There’s a depth in my soul Never sounded or known... The prospector is leading the horse through the downhill 54. PROSPECTOR (CONT’D) There’s a place in my mem’ry —My heart—that you fill No other can take it No one ever will... His singing voice fades as the shrubs and branches close descent unseen. High: the owl’s point-of-view of the canyon. The burbling marred by the strange geometry of gouged holes. The distant voice fades to nothing. The sounds of the can