7) 0) text: The cowboy enters. The one-room structure is empty except for a trapper with behind the teller’s bars, hands planted on the counter. H black sleevegarters. The cowboy walks to the counter, spurs jingling.
7) 2) dialog: It’s a comfort to the depositors. The cowboy looks around.
7) 4) dialog: Oh, we got folks from over Val Verde, Chloride, Tucumcari itself of course—why, the whole entire three-county area. Hell, we even had a run on the bank once’t, warnt purty. Had to hop up on the counter here with m’scattergun, talk the folks down. Well, that’s banking. He chuckles, shaking his head.
7) 5) dialog: ... Crazy business. Crazy business.
7) 7) dialog: OOHH yeah, sure enough have. TWO times. Attempted, I should say. One fellow I shot dead— BINGO!—the other I held for the marshal, both his legs was shredded some, had to lock him in the vault there, marshal don’t come through but once’t a month and he’d just visited the previous week, had to billet the scamp for what, three weeks, applyin’ a poultice of wet leaves’n urine. He’s in Yuma now, bustin’ rocks, still a little grumpy from what they say. Fella by the name of Chevilly unless I misremember, said his papa was from Fr—France— Fr—from—fff... 19. His voice trails off and he stares in silence. The cowboy is pointing a six-gun at him. The prairie wind moans. The teller’s jaw, relieved of its service to speech, hang The cowboy tosses a burlap sack over the bars.
7) 9) dialog: ... Okay. Okay, ya got me, young feller, ya got me fair’n square. The large denominations... He is stooping behind the counter. His voice continues, o
7) 10) dialog: .. I gotta stoop fer... A silence. The cowboy frowns. The unmistakable clack of a shotgun-prime. The cowboy’s eyes widen. He takes a nimbly evasive step d ROAR!—wood from the base of the counter splinters outward standing. ROAR!—another explosion further along. The cowboy grabs the bars at one end of the counter and h perched on the counter lip, hugging the bars. The shotgun He scales the bars and drops to the counter’s far side. The shotgun has fallen silent. Drifting gunsmoke. Inside, no sound. Outside, the moan of the prairie wind. The cowboy looks down at the duckboards behind the counte Empty. The teller has fled—somewhere. 20. The cowboy drops to the back floor. His bootheels clomp a walks the cage’s length. He stoops, starts stuffing bills into his sack.
8) 4) dialog: Pan shot! The teller gallops on, cackling, anrd—BOOM!—fires his sho of the wellwall. The cowboy shoots again: CLANG!
8) 5) dialog: Pan shot! The teller has pots and pans draped over his body, twine One large pot sits helmetlike upside-down on his head. The cowboy rises, firing—CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! BOOM! A shotgun blast smacks the cowboy’s shoulder and tw flying into the dust. He looks from his lost gun up toward the teller just as t a-clank, swinging his shotgun-butt up and at us to send u