5) 17) text: “Pan-shot!” cried the old man. 17. Near Algodones | nder the wind we hear now the steady clunk of a piece o heavy object. Turning again to another full page illustration: We are looking across a dusty expanse toward a low-slung alone in an endless expanse of high desert. In the mid-foreground a short, fat man in a dirty union s prancing, almost airborne. He holds a double-barreled sho pans are draped over his body, twine threading the handle helmetlike upside-down on his head. We travel down to the caption below the illustration: “Pan-shot!” cried the trapper. Dissolve from the illustration to:
7) 0) text: The cowboy enters. The one-room structure is empty except for a trapper with behind the teller’s bars, hands planted on the counter. H black sleevegarters. The cowboy walks to the counter, spurs jingling.
58) 2) dialog: (querulous) You did not wake me! He works his mouth, wets his lips, swallows. TRAPPER (CONT’D) .. For I was not asleep. Thigpen humors him: 96.
58) 4) dialog: How much to go d’you reckon?
58) 6) dialog: Me? No. You?
58) 8) dialog: Him’s yourn?
58) 15) dialog: No! (all turn to look at him; he licks his lips) T have not been to Fort Morgan. I know little of cities. I am a trapper, living mostly alone these last years. But I would descend into town, ever so often, with my pelts. Sell ‘em. And talk, keep m’hand in. Talk. You have got to keep your hand in, talkin. Even if you live in the wild. A moue of agreement from the Frenchman.
58) 17) dialog: In town I would talk to them was innnarested. Saloon mostly, till I was asked to take m”bidness elsewhere. What sense does that make, there was only the one saloon! The keeper called me tedious. Tedious? Me? (spits the word:) Townsmen. Why, if tidings from the greater world are tedious, if the greater world, not trammeled by... by... 98.
58) 19) dialog: (plowing on, unmindful) I would descend from the mountains, not having talked for many months, with much to tell. Much to tell, having stored considerable. Though for many years I was not alone in the wild, I did have a consort, a stout woman of the Hunkpapa Sioux, we had a companionship of sorts but there is a lady present. A life together marked by the passing of the seasons and the corresponding travels of game. In the latter she took little interest—wal, her duties was domestic, I would track and trap and she would tarry hearthside. We did not talk: she did not have English and I am not schooled in the gibberings of the nations. Wal I say we did not talk but we sometimes would, each in our own tongue, often at length, without benefit of understanding the other. But the sound of a human voice is a comfort when you’re cabined up in the woods’n all’d otherwise be but the murmur a wind and the plop a snow from an overloaded branch. I say not understanding each other but twarn’t entirely so, I could often read by means of the tenor of her speech and certain facial expressions the emotional import a what she was sayin and she was often vexed with me, I seldom knew why. And then she moved on. 99. Silence. The passengers in the rattling coach absorb the An afterthought, loudly directed at the lady who is looki which he is oblivious: TRAPPER (CONT’D) There was no issue. Another beat. And then, warmly sympathetic, in an Irish l
58) 21) dialog: Oh I don’t know I never even knew her name but I will say this: the nature of them vocal intonations and the play of feelin upon her face helped me to gather that people are like ferrets. Or beaver. One pretty much like the next. Yup all alike I don’t doubt it’s the same even if you travel to Siam.
58) 27) dialog: One kind, ain’t two kinds!—less you mean trapper’n townsman. 100.
58) 29) dialog: Fool! Yes, I know, tedious fool, you are not the first to lodge that complaint—without grounds. I challenge you for yer credentials madam, fer assessin human worth. People’re like ferrets.
58) 31) dialog: Wal the bible, people read it diffurnt-—
58) 35) dialog: Well, I am not an enemy of betterment. (a beat as he gums) But I am kept very busy with m’traps. 101. The lady gives a mirthless hoot. A rattling silence. At length:
58) 45) dialog: He a Polack?
58) 47) dialog: I knew a Polack. The barking interruption nettles the Frenchman. He glares tiresome story to come, but gathers from the ensuing sile the trapper’s digression. The Frenchman draws new breath.
58) 49) dialog: You can know’m. People are like ferrets.
58) 57) dialog: Unknowable! But yer talkin like you know more’n the goddamn almanac!
58) 61) dialog: Hold on there, Mister Almanac—
58) 68) dialog: Ain’t no call for that kind of talk.
58) 77) dialog: You given her a fit, Frenchie!
60) 4) dialog: Don’t stop? What if we had to perform necessaries?
60) 6) dialog: No—
60) 13) dialog: What is your business? 109.
60) 17) dialog: Whatsat mean? A beat, Thigpen struggling.
60) 19) dialog: Yer bounty hunters!
60) 22) dialog: So him on the roof, he was wanted?
60) 24) dialog: What'd he do?
60) 32) dialog: I don’t either! Take ‘em alive. Course, not exactly the same business. And I work alone.
60) 42) dialog: ... as they try to make sense of what? After a beat:
61) 13) dialog: Go on ahead. The Frenchman runs his tongue over his lips.
61) 15) dialog: Ladies first. She is no more inclined than he. She comes up with:
62) 0) text: The trapper opens it. 116. Visible past the three, the hotel interior. Its light lie in the parlor give a feel of the heavy Victorian furnitur Though each light is low, they seem to have great depth: There is a staircase to the right with a burgundy runner. we can see Thigpen and Clarence awkwardly climbing, the c