11) 0) text: The Beadle is leading a nervous Lucy along an exclusive street of dark stone mansions, grand but somehow menacing Lucy is wearing her best dress.
12) 0) text: The Beadle ushers Lucy into a ballroom. She is shocked to a fancy-dress ball in progress. Masked couples swirl around the ballroom, their number sinisterly multiplied by the distorting mirrors that fram the room. The hanging chandeliers, draped in red cloth, c a disquieting incarnadine glow on the proceedings...
17) 9) text: Then... The large form of the Beadle appears from the shadows. No introduction is made. Anthony glances to him, uneasy.
18) 0) text: The Beadle drags Anthony through a rear door of the mansi and flings him into a filthy alley. Anthony pulls himself up. Stunned.
18) 1) dialog: Hyde Park is that way, young sir ... A right and then a left, then straight on, you see? ...
18) 6) text: Flustered, Anthony turns to look-- The instant Anthony's back is turned, the Beadle swings h lethal billyclub and SLAMS him from behind brutally, in t kidneys -- Anthony's knees buckle-- The Beadle then SLAMS Anthony across the back of the neck Anthony falls hard-- The Beadle then uses one dainty foot to roll Anthony over Anthony gazes up at him, panting for breath, in agony--
18) 7) dialog: You heard Judge Turpin, little man.
18) 9) dialog: Next time it'll be your pretty brains all over the pavement.
18) 10) text: With that, the Beadle returns to the mansion and slams th door. Anthony slowly pulls himself to his knees, doubled over, coughing up blood. A long beat as Anthony gets his breath, wiping blood from face. Still doubled over, he sings with burning intensity:
20) 7) text: He stops abruptly when he sees-- The Beadle casually strolling through the crowd. Todd is transfixed, his ancient enemy so close.
20) 61) dialog: Glad, as always, to oblige my friends and neighbors (to the crowd)
20) 63) dialog: Ready?
20) 66) dialog: The fastest, smoothest shave is the winner. He blows his shrill whistle. Agitated music begins. Pirelli strops his razor quickly, Todd in a leisurely man Pirelli keeps glancing at Todd in various paranoid ways throughout, frightened of Todd's progress. He starts whip up lather rapidly:
20) 79) text: It take-a da   skill, It take-a da   brains, It take-a da   will To take-a da   pains, It take-a da   pace, It take-a da   graaaaaace... While Pirelli holds this note elaborately, Todd, with a f deft strokes, quickly lathers his man's face, shaves him signals the Beadle to examine him.
20) 80) dialog: (blowing whistle)
20) 95) text: We're pulling out, yes. Quickly. Mrs. Lovett has observed all of this as she moves away wi Todd, who is making his way inexorably toward the Beadle. Some eager customers surround Todd, among them is the TOURIST.
20) 99) dialog: Well, I try to do my best for my friends and neighbors ... Your establishment is in Fleet Street, you say?
20) 101) dialog: Then, Mr. Todd, you will surely see me there before the week is out.
34) 0) text: The Judge and the Beadle walk away from the impressive edifices of the Old Bailey.
34) 1) dialog: Thank you, your Honor. Just the sentence we wanted.
34) 3) dialog: Well, if he didn't do it, he's surely done something to warrant a hanging.
34) 9) dialog: Sir?
34) 11) dialog: Ah, sir, happy news indeed.
34) 13) text: The Beadle proceeds with exquisite and obsequious delicac
34) 14) dialog: Excuse me, my lord, May I request, my lord, Permission, my lord, to speak? Forgive me if I suggest, my lord, You're looking less than your best, my lord, There's powder upon your vest, my lord. And stubble upon your cheek, And ladies, my lord, are weak.
34) 17) dialog: (cheerily) Fret not though, my lord, I know a place, my lord, A barber, my lord, of skill. Thus armed with a shaven face, my lord, Some eau de cologne to brace my lord And musk to enhance the chase, my lord, You'll dazzle the girl until She bows to your every will.
34) 22) dialog: I am honored, my lord. His name is Todd ... Sweeney Todd. And he is the very last word in barberin'. They head off.
46) 12) text: He nods to the Beadle -- the Beadle surges forward and gr Johanna brutally-- She screams and fights like a tiger -- to no avail-- The Beadle covers her mouth with one of his huge hands an hauls her out--
47) 2) text: Anthony sees the Beadle pulling her away from the window the carriage clatters off-- Judge Turpin stands on the steps of the mansion -- Anthon goes to him in a murderous rage:
95) 32) text: We gotta go, ma'am, right now -- we gotta find the Beadle and get the law here-- She pulls him down to her again, agitated, her mind racin
100) 5) text: They turn a corner and walk straight into-- The Beadle!
100) 10) dialog: Not my intention, good madam, though I am here on official business. (elaborately prepares a pinch of snuff) You see, there's been complaints. About the stink from your chimney. They say at night, it's something most foul. Health regulations -- and the general public welfare, naturally -- being my duty, I'm afraid I'll have to take a look ... (inhales the snuff, Sneezes and daintily wipes his nose) ... at your bakehouse.
100) 12) dialog: Much as I do appreciate tonsorial adornment, I really ought see to my "official" obligations first.
100) 14) dialog: (touches his hair) Oh, not a pomade at all! Me secret is a touch of ambergris.
100) 16) dialog: (considering) Well ... you are the expert in these matters...
100) 21) dialog: Oooh, bay rum is bracing.
100) 23) dialog: Well, sir, I take that very kindly ... Lead on.
100) 26) text: -- disposal. He leads the Beadle away. Mrs. Lovett allows herself a breath.
101) 0) text: From across the street, we see Todd leading the Beadle up stairs to the barber shop, chatting with him easily. We realize we are seeing the perspective of the Beggar Wo hunched across the street, watching them closely.
108) 78) dialog: Swing your razor wide, Sweeney! Hold it to the skies! Freely flows the blood of those Who moralize!