3) 0) text: ...Fifteen years before. Todd walks with his beautiful wife LUCY through a crowded flower market, a colorful explosion of blossoms. Lucy car their one-year-old baby, JOHANNA. Todd is almost unrecognizable to us, content and smiling. Chatting with his wife. Happy.
10) 0) text: Lucy is pacing, holding Baby Johanna to her closely. Lucy distraught, strained, tears in her eyes. As Lucy paces we notice the room is full of dead and dyin flowers: dozens of dried bouquets tossed aside and ignore
15) 28) text: His voice was soft, his manner mild. He seldom laughed but he often smiled, He'd seen how civilized men behave. He never forgot and he never forgave, Not Sweeney, Not Sweeney Todd, The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. Todd pulls a sheet off Baby Johanna's cradle. A cloud of rises. The ghosts disappear in the cloud of dust and Todd stands alone, staring at the cradle, holding his razor.
16) 0) text: Anthony, now out of his sailor's uniform, is walking alon the sidewalk near the Judge's mansion, absorbed in a copy Baedeker's London. He stops, lost, trying to get his bearings, studying his Then an unusual sound emerges through the normal cosmopol bustle. It is the sound of a woman humming. He looks up t see... JOHANNA, a 16-year-old girl with golden hair, beautiful a hauntingly sad. She sits at her window above, behind bars humming to herself as she does needlepoint. Anthony watches her, absolutely mesmerized. Johanna notices a Bird Seller passing. He carries a long, wooden pole with little bird cages attached.
16) 1) dialog: Green finch and linnet bird, Nightingale, blackbird, How is it you sing? How can you jubilate, Sitting in cages, Never taking wing? Outside the sky waits, Beckoning, beckoning, Just beyond the bars. How can you remain, Staring at the rain, Maddened by the stars? How is it you sing Anything? How is it you sing? Then ... she sees Anthony on the sidewalk below. Music continues. There is a long look between them. Her intense, melancholy expression moves him. She continues singing, the strange anguish and yearning o her words seem intended only for him...
16) 2) dialog: My cage has many rooms, Damask and dark. Nothing there sings, Not even my lark. Larks never will, you know, When they're captive.
17) 0) text: Judge Turpin leads Anthony into the dark library, filled books. Anthony is looking around for Johanna. He is wary, this is all very strange.
19) 5) text: The soaring music continues as Anthony stops at a park ac the street from Turpin's mansion, bravely gazing up at Johanna's window.
22) 0) text: Johanna sits, framed by the window, quietly cutting out silhouettes. Aimless Victorian handicrafts. But we see there are tears in her eyes. She steals a glance across the room. We see a small hole the wallpaper. Through this hole, the Judge is watching h from another chamber. Lascivious. Perverse. Johanna finally stands and casually glances out from betw the shutters at her window. She sees... Anthony, standing at the park across the street, keeping his lonely vigil, gazing up at the mansion. She watches him for a moment and then makes her decision. moves to a table and opens a drawer. Reaches in and remov something...
24) 0) text: Peering through the shutters, Johanna watches him go. We linger on her face and then dissolve to another face, watching...
25) 27) text: ... It must be a sign that Johanna wants me to help her -- that's her name, Johanna -- and Turpin that of her guardian. A judge of some sort... Todd and Mrs. Lovett exchange a quick glance as Anthony continues:
46) 0) text: Small, white hands ... removing some clothes from a drawe ... putting them into a portmanteau ... locking the case. Johanna, wearing traveling clothes, is packing to leave w a voice surprises her:
46) 2) dialog: Sir ... A gentlemen knocks before entering a lady's room.
46) 5) dialog: Sir ... I will leave this place.
46) 12) text: He nods to the Beadle -- the Beadle surges forward and gr Johanna brutally-- She screams and fights like a tiger -- to no avail-- The Beadle covers her mouth with one of his huge hands an hauls her out--
47) 0) text: Anthony is racing toward the front of mansion when he see A hansom cab is just pulling away -- Johanna's terrified looking at him through the window--
54) 0) text: Todd is alone. He sits in the barber chair, smoking a pip He is holding an old Daguerreotype; creased, stained and bleached-out. The image shows his wife, Lucy, smiling and holding Baby Johanna. The child's features are almost completely obscu by a stain on the picture. He looks at it deeply. Then church bells echo in the distance...
55) 0) text: ... The church bells continue as we discover Anthony, searching through the streets for Johanna. We see him in shot as he moves through the contours of the city.
76) 2) text: We learn, Johanna, To say... Goodbye... As the note continues, he pulls the lever and the custome disappears down the chute...
99) 10) text: Johanna's eyes shoot wide when she sees Anthony, but she nothing.
99) 12) text: Before Fogg can react -- Anthony pulls a revolver from hi clothing, grabs Johanna and pushes Fogg back into the cel He swings the cell door shut, locking Fogg in.
99) 14) text: He grabs Johanna and pulls her away. Mr. Fogg turns. He is locked in with the blonde inmates. slowly begin to advance on him. Menacing. It is likely th are going to rip him limb from limb...
105) 0) text: Anthony and Johanna hurry into the barber shop. She is no dressed as a scruffy boy, a cap hiding her hair. She is distracted and disturbed.
105) 7) dialog: (darkly ironic) Safe ... So we run away and then all our dreams come true?
105) 9) dialog: I have never had dreams. Only nightmares.
105) 12) dialog: No, Anthony, they never go away.
107) 0) text: Johanna hears the Beggar Woman singing, climbing the stai
107) 5) text: Johanna looks around urgently, sees the large chest. She quickly climbs into it and shuts the lid as-- The Beggar Woman enters.
107) 46) text: Johanna, Johanna... Todd gets a towel, puts it carefully around the Judge, mo to get a bottle of bay rum--
107) 77) dialog: No -- I...