20) 13) text: Then, TOBY -- a 13-year-old boy, a bit small for his age, malnourished and consumptively pale -- emerges from Pirel caravan. He bangs on a tin drum, drawing customers. A crowd begins to gather at the caravan as:
20) 14) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen! May I have your attention, perlease? Do you wake every morning in shame and despair To discover your pillow is covered with hair Wot ought not to be there? Well, ladies and gentlemen, From now on you can waken at ease. You need never again have a worry or care, I will show you a miracle marvelous rare, Gentlemen, you are about to see something wot rose from the dead! (A woman gasps, he smiles and wiggles a finger no) On the top of my head.
20) 16) dialog: 'Twas Pirelli's Miracle Elixir, That's wot did the trick, sir, True, sir, true. Was it quick, sir? Did it in a tick, sir? Just like an elixir Ought to do! (To a Bald Man) How about a bottle, mister? Only costs a penny, guaranteed. (Pours a drop on the bald man's head) Does Pirelli's
20) 25) text: Must be standing near an open trench! The crowd responds to Todd and Mrs. Lovett, looking askan and sniffing at the bottles. Toby nervously tries to dist them:
20) 26) dialog: Buy Pirelli's Miracle Elixir: Anything wot's slick, sir, Soon sprouts curls. Try Pirelli's! When they see how thick, sir, You can have your pick, sir, Of the girls! Want to buy a bottle, missus?
20) 37) dialog: Let Pirelli's Activate your roots, sir--
20) 39) dialog: Yes, get Pirelli's! Use a bottle of it! Ladies seem to love it--
20) 62) text: ... Let the challenge commence! One man sits in Todd's plain chair as the other moves to elaborate chair on Pirelli's caravan. Pirelli shakes out fancy bib with a flourish and covers his man. Toby prepar Pirelli's ornate shaving supplies as Todd takes a plain t and tucks it around his man's neck.
20) 88) text: -- Until we meet again. He bows his head quickly and then moves away, beckoning t Toby:
20) 90) dialog: We're pulling out, sir?
25) 53) text: What's this? Mrs. Lovett joins him at the window. Below, they see Pire approaching with Toby in tow.
26) 0) text: ... Mrs. Lovett quickly moves down the steps outside the barber shop to greet Pirelli and Toby as they are about t ascend. We see a new sign on the stairs: "Sweeney Todd's Tonsoria Parlor."
26) 7) dialog: Ma'am...?
26) 10) text: Pirelli climbs the stairs, as she takes Toby by the hand leads him toward the pie shop door:
28) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett hands Toby one of her grisly pies, he devours eagerly.
28) 2) text: But her attention is almost entirely on the roof above .. the muffled voices .... the sound of shoes walking... Her eyes keep darting up as she chatters distractedly wit Toby:
28) 4) dialog: To tell the truth -- (he pulls off the wig which covers his own short-cropped hair) -- it gets awful hot.
30) 2) dialog: (still eating happily) Got me from the workhouse 'e did. Been there since I was born. Got no mum, got nobody. A wasted soul, that's what I am -- (a sudden, urgent thought) -- Oh God! He's got an appointment with his tailor--
30) 4) dialog: If he's late, he'll blame me--!
31) 0) text: Toby vaults up the stairs to the barber shop--
32) 0) text: Todd is standing calmly when Toby bursts in--
32) 1) dialog: Signor, you got an appointment...
32) 4) dialog: Oh no, sir. I better wait for him here or it'll be a lashing. He's a great one for the lashings.
32) 5) text: He moves past Todd to the large chest and sits-- Only now do we see one of Pirelli's hands protruding from chest, dangling limply. Toby doesn't notice it. Todd at this moment, however, doe He smiles nervously.
32) 7) dialog: She's a real lady. Model of all true Christian virtue.
32) 8) text: Then Pirelli's hand ... twitches. Toby doesn't notice. Todd does, stares at it anxiously.
32) 13) dialog: I'd say, sir -- (pats his stomach) -- An aching void.
32) 14) text: Pirelli's hand begins to twitch more desperately now, perilously close to where Toby's hand rests...
32) 16) text: Pirelli's hand is twitching closer to Toby's now...
32) 17) dialog: No, I should stay here.
32) 19) dialog: (leaps up) Gin, sir?! Thanking you kindly, sir! You're a Christian indeed!
35) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett is pouring Toby a glass of gin, not his first He gulps down the gin between ravenous bites of another m pie as she nervously glances up to the ceiling, wondering what the hell is going on up there.
35) 2) dialog: Weaned on the stuff, I was. They used to give it to us at the workhouse, so's we could sleep. Not that you'd ever want to sleep in that place, ma'am. Not with the things wot happen in the dark.
35) 4) dialog: Leave the bottle. She goes.
44) 2) text: He thumps down, still in his own dark world. She quickly glances around for Toby and then goes into he parlor...
45) 0) text: She discovers Toby is asleep on the sofa before the fire. She quickly snatches up a bottle of gin from the sideboar and returns to the pie shop...
49) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett's wretched establishment has been transformed She has created a modest outdoor eating garden with table surrounded by glowing Chinese lanterns. A fresh coat of paint, a few bushes in pots and birds in cages add to the feeling of upward mobility. A new sign hangs proudly over the entrance to the pie sho "MRS. LOVETT'S WORLD FAMOUS MEAT PIES!" And then in small letters: "LIKE MOTHER USED TO MAKE." The eating garden is already crowded, the benches at the tables are filled and other customers stand and mill abou All eating, eating, eating... ...The most delicious looking meat pies you could ever imagine. Crispy crust. Thick, luxurious gravy. Tart and t meat. The customers take great, hungry mouthfuls; the steaming gravy oozing down greedy faces. Chomp. Chomp. Chomp. The Beggar Women stands across the street, ravenously hun She finally gets the nerve to approach when-- Toby -- wearing a spiffy new outfit with apron -- bursts the shop and circulates through the customers:
49) 1) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, May I have your attention, perlease? Are your nostrils aquiver and tingling as well At that delicate, luscious ambrosial smell? Yes they are, I can tell...
49) 5) dialog: Well, ladies and gentlemen, That aroma enriching the breeze Is like nothing compared to its succulent source, As the gourmets among you will tell you, of course.
49) 7) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, You can't imagine the rapture in store-- (Indicating the pie shop) Just inside of this door! There you'll sample Mrs. Lovett's meat pies, Savory and sweet pies, As you'll see. You who eat pies, Mrs. Lovett's meat pies Conjure up the treat pies Used to be!
49) 10) dialog: Coming! (pushing past a customer) 'Scuse me...
49) 12) dialog: Right, mum!
49) 23) text: What's your pleasure, dearie?... No, we don't cut slices... Cor, me eyes are bleary!... (As Toby is about to pour for a drunken customer)
49) 24) text: Toby! None for the gentleman!... I could up me prices-- I'm a little leery... Business Couldn't be better, though--
51) 3) text: Toby! Run for the gentleman! Toby catches him, collects the money, as Mrs. Lovett turn another customer:
53) 19) dialog: (simultaneous with above) Is that a pie Fit for a king, A wondrous sweet And most delectable Thing? You see, ma'am, why There is no meat pie--
53) 24) text: Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Mrs. Lovett then spots the Beggar Woman approaching again she spins to Toby with truly shocking viciousness:
71) 2) text: She approaches the pie shop, the agitated music matching increasing frenzy. She grabs a stunned Toby -- who is carrying some packages toward the pie shop:
71) 9) text: Toby pulls away from her, as she begins to scuttle off:
71) 13) text: Toby turns to consider the horrible black smoke belching the chimney of the pie shop. Something about the foul, eb smoke troubles him.
79) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd rest on a picnic blanket, just like other couple out enjoying the fine day. The remains of a nice picnic lunch are scattered around t and Toby can be seen flying a kite a bit away. Mrs. Lovett watches happy couples moving about ... dogs a kids running hither and yon ... military officers squirin their ladies ... nurses with prams... Todd is distinctly ill at ease, brooding, as she chatters
80) 0) text: ...In Mrs. Lovett's mind. She and Todd sit in the exact same positions as in Hampst Heath. Only now they are sitting on a beach. They are wearing what she imagines as fashionable seaside bathing clothes. Toby, who is not consumptively pale but overly rosy-cheek in her fantasy, is building a sandcastle nearby. Mrs. Lovett is sitting with her Dream Todd, of course, so has a bland smile on his face. Somewhat unnatural. In fact, there is something vaguely unreal and stilted ab all of this.
81) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett strolls with Todd on a boardwalk. Artificiall lovely couples, like rotogravure magazine pictures, move about. Toby runs along ahead of them.
83) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett's notion of a fashionable little seaside cott Crushing in its bourgeois blandness. She is making Toby try on a sweater. Todd is writing a letter.
87) 4) text: Hoo! Hoo! By the beautiful sea! Music continues as Todd joins them. He kneels with Toby t help him work on the sandcastle. Mrs. Lovett stands, watc them, the picture of the doting mother.
88) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett and Todd getting married. This being her fant after all, she wears white. Todd is in a constricting mor coat with a rakish top hat. Toby, the best man, watches proudly.
90) 0) text: Back at the beach, Mrs. Lovett, Todd and Toby sit comfortably. Watching an unnaturally gorgeous sunset. A picture postcard of a happy family.
93) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett begins going down the stairs outside the barb shop. Then she stops. She stands for a long moment, disturbed t Todd's demons are again devouring him. She looks down and sees Toby washing the tables in the outdoor garden. Toby is serious about his work, vigorousl scrubbing the tables with soap and water. She watches him for a moment and then continues down the steps:
93) 2) dialog: Yes'm. He goes up the steps. She just stands, deep in thought.
94) 0) text: Todd is finishing the letter as Toby enters:
94) 1) dialog: Mr. T.?
94) 7) dialog: Oh, yes, sir. Not that I ever--
94) 9) dialog: Go to the Old Bailey. Find Judge Turpin.
94) 11) dialog: Yes, sir, and while I'm out do you mind if I stop by the grocer and pick up the--
94) 12) text: Todd pounces like a panther-- He suddenly leaps up and grabs Toby by the throat with shocking brutality--
94) 14) text: Toby is stunned and terrified. It is the first time he ha seen this side of his friend, Mr. Todd. Todd releases him. Toby races out. Todd immediately begins pacing like a caged animal, back forth, back and forth, whispering to himself neurotically day becomes evening...
95) 0) text: Toby walks back to the pie shop, upset. He stops when he sees Todd at the window above, unblinkin gazing like a falcon into the street. He continues on to Mrs. Lovett, who is clearing up the remains of a meal in the outdoor garden.
95) 6) dialog: Mr. Todd sent me on an errand ... And on the way back I went by the workhouse. And I was thinkin' ... But for you I would be there now. Or someplace worse.
95) 8) dialog: Seems like the Good Lord sent you for me.
95) 10) dialog: Hear me out, mum ... You know there's nothing I wouldn't do for you. Say, if there was someone around -- someone bad -- only you didn't know it--
95) 12) dialog: Nothing's gonna harm you, Not while I'm around. Nothing gonna harm you, No, sir, Not while I'm around...
95) 14) dialog: Demons are prowling Everywhere Nowadays. I'll send 'em howling,
95) 19) dialog: No one's gonna hurt you, No one's gonna dare. Others can desert you-- Not to worry-- Whistle, I'll be there. Demons'll charm you With a smile For a while, But in time Nothing can harm you, Not while I'm around. Music continues:
95) 21) dialog: Little things wot I been thinking ... About Mr. Todd... Not to worry, not to worry, I may not be smart but I ain't dumb. I can do it, Put me to it, Show me something I can overcome. Not to worry, mum. He leans into her, she puts her arms around him, but her expression is deeply troubled.
95) 22) dialog: Being close and being clever Ain't like being true, I don't need to, I won't never Hide a thing from you, Like some. Music continues as she nervously comforts him:
95) 29) dialog: That's Signor Pirelli's purse!
95) 31) dialog: See that proves it -- what I been thinkin'-- (He stands, urgently pulling her hand)
95) 42) dialog: (dreamily)
96) 0) text: Mrs. Lovett leads Toby down the claustrophobic, long stai toward the bakehouse.
96) 1) dialog: My heart bleeds for you havin' to go up and down all these stairs!
96) 3) dialog: Yes, ma'am! She arrives at the heavy iron door to the bakehouse. We c hear the seismic rumble of the bake oven within. She unbolts the door and ushers Toby in. And we finally enter...
97) 4) dialog: Coo, quite a stink, ain't there?
97) 7) dialog: So -- where do I start?!
97) 10) dialog: (trying to remember it all) Yes'm, always closed properly.
97) 13) dialog: (practicing with the grinder) Good grind, comes out there.
97) 15) dialog: Yes'm.
97) 19) dialog: Do you think I might have a pie while I wait? She turns. He is standing at a rack of cooling pies.
102) 0) text: Toby is eating a pie as he slowly wanders around the bakehouse. He stops to consider the many stained cleavers and bone s curious. Then he bites on something hard -- stops -- he reaches in his mouth and pulls something out. Looks at it: It is a fingernail. To be exact, it is the severed tip of a finger. Toby drops it in horror and starts back-- Suddenly, a loud THUMPING and CLANGING makes him spin, alarmed--
102) 4) dialog: MRS. LOVETT! MRS. LOVETT! LET ME OUT! MRS. LOVETT!
102) 5) text: The thundering roar from the bake oven seems to rise to m his frenzy as-- In panic, Toby races to the sewer grate, yanks it up and disappears down into the sewers as the shrill factory whi SCREAMS and we cut to--
104) 2) text: Todd and Mrs. Lovett are searching for Toby through a horrible catacomb of decaying sewers. Todd carries a razo Their voices echo bizarrely: