65) 0) text: The steel door is pushed open and Frank shoves Jim forwar through it and follows himself. Jim is standing in a smal steel-walled cabin up near the top of the ship, with a . Charcoal stove sending its smoke through an open skylig The floor is littered with rags and bits of scrap metal, engine parts, brass portholes. There is a cot and a coupl of canvas chairs. A man, BASIE, is tending to a cooking pot on the stove. Frank drops his canvas bag heavily on t floor. Evidently it contains more scrap metal. Jim sways faint with hunger. Basie looks up. When he speaks we realize he is, like Frank, an American.
65) 2) dialog: (kindly) Come in, boy. You look like you need to lie down... My father has EMCH. 0 08 g Pootung, he'll be ingratiated to you.
65) 3) dialog: Ingratiated? Fine word.
65) 5) dialog: In a minute. Your tongue's running away. Let's have a look at it. Gently, but efficiently, hé exposes Jim's gums and teeth and examines Jim's mouth with his fingers as impersonally as a dentist.
65) 6) dialog: That's a well-kept set of teeth. Someone paid a lot of bills for that sweet little mouth. Frank, you'd be surprised how some people neglect their kids' teeth.
65) 11) dialog: (fingering Jim's blazer) Cathedral School, too.
65) 13) dialog: Frank, the Cathedral School. That's a school for taipans. (to Jim) You must know some important people. What do they call you?
65) 15) dialog: Madam Sun? EMeH 0089
65) 16) dialog: 
65) 19) dialog: The Japs aren't looking for us, Frank. Nantao Creek is full of cholera, they've more sense.
65) 25) dialog: Leave him alone, Frank. (to Jim) What did you say your name was, boy?
65) 27) dialog: Jim. A new name for a new life. I imagine Jim's folks got themselves picked up with all the other Brits and now Jim's looking for them. He turns his attention to the cooking pot, produces two t plates and carefully_starts to dole ut CWS , Poxtions of rice and fish, Jim's! e pe lee nov with intense interest. Basie affisc otic en $ Spe ense. Se PP
65) 28) dialog: Tell me, Jim, have you met any other Chinese big names? How about Chiang Kai Chek?
65) 30) dialog: Corruption ?
65) 32) dialog: A well-spoken woman, Jim. Good with words. Are you interested in words, Jim?
65) 41) dialog: _ Words are more important. Put aside a new word every day. You never know when a word might be useful. Collation. Do you know that word?
65) 43) dialog: We had that on the menus on the Cathay-American Line. A collation of cold meats. This is more of a fish stew. He hands Jim a plate of food.
65) 45) dialog: Frank always eats after me, don't you Frank?
65) 47) dialog: That's because I think for us both. Frank has w souks Abut fi it cargo. Str sroee tile the first squall. | ‘ches Chew every mouthful six times. Get the benefit. Jim rapidly pushes the food into his mouth with a tin spo while Basie watches him. Basie lets his food cool, meanwhile puffing delicately on a cigarette.
65) 49) dialog: Frank, we've got my lungs, you know that. I can't be crawling around those hulks with a monkey wrench. He extinguishes the cigarette, leaving the rest of it to smoke later. He starts eating.
65) 59) dialog: (pausing thoughtfully) Yes, there'll be rich Pickings in those camps, Frank. Maybe we shouldn't leave Shanghai in a hurry. Jim, with his empty plate on his lap, has fallen asleep.
65) 60) dialog: You're a tired boy, Jim. Shanghai Jim. Basie carefully takes the Plate and spoon away from Jim.
65) 62) dialog: Buying and selling, Frank. You know. Life.
66) 0) text: The lorry is ina busy st igs mo, PE s market. Frank is arivingpan i at Be etn him and Basie. Jim is ill a looks i Hav: ‘eh uble ystaying awake. Seas oupleys
66) 1) dialog: Are you sickening, Jim?
66) 3) dialog: Good boy. Look alive, a sound commodity. Everything else is garbage and you know what we do with garbage.
66) 17) dialog: Shut up, Frank. Basie gets out of the cab (the lorry is travelling at walking pace) and Frank stops the lorry.
67) 0) text: Amid the teeming mass of PEOPLE, Basie has evidently seen the person he is looking for. He strides along to greet a CHINESE MERCHANT presiding over a stall of indeterminate scope. The merchant greets Basie, but without pleasure and even skepticism. Basie engages him in conversation, glancing once or twice towards the lorry. The merchant is disgusted with Basie's lack of moral value.
68) 5) dialog: (disgustedly) I thought war was supposed to be good for business.
68) 15) dialog: Sure is, Jim.
68) 17) dialog: Don't worry, Jim. I give the Japs three months.
68) 19) dialog: It takes time to stop a war. People have big investments to protect. Like me and Frank and this lorry. Right, Frank? Frank nods.
68) 24) dialog: Is that right, Jim?
68) 26) dialog: Luxuriant? All right, we'll go and look at some of these big houses.
68) 31) dialog: Go, Frank. Frank starts up the lorry which moves forward. Basie fishes Jim's half-crown coin out of his pocket and starts playing nervously with it.
68) 33) dialog: You had good sense being born there, Jim. I admire a boy who appreciates the good things in life. I imagine there was a lot of good living.
68) 35) dialog: Opulence?
70) 2) dialog: Never mind the drinks - Frank and I aren't planning to open a bar.
70) 15) dialog: Crystal chandeliers?
70) 17) dialog: You're tired, Jim.
70) 19) dialog: That's right, did you see any money, Jim?
76) 0) text: There is an insistent tinny banging NOISE, an amplified version of a sound we have heard before. This time it is the Europeans. They have been turned into beggars. They bang their mess tins against the ground, against benches, against the walls. The general view of the detention center shows the prison standing, lying or sitting, all of them still, apart from banging their tins, all of them staring silently in much same direction... which we see is the door of the guard h Sergeant Uchida comes out of the guard house with a small sack which he tosses in a general direction of the cookin where TWO CHINESE WOMEN, one of them being MRS. LEE by na have also been waiting. With the appearance of the sack o potatoes, only large enough to hold one potato for each prisoner, the prisoners cease rattling their tins. This h been CROSS-CUT with... INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY lll In the "interior", und "seats, SH 5 if ng on his mat and looking some ndbageeeetna ep) e mobile, is listening to the TTL ENG...of the + “Basie LOOKS at Jim asleep on his mat some little distance away from Basie's mat and Mrs. Partridge, who is lying on the mat next to him and who, we can now SEE, is dead. Basie also SEES Mr. Vincent pacing up and down, and Mrs. Vincent sitting quietly on her sleeping mat with a dainty pack of cards, playing Patience. She is calm and absorbed and comparatively well-groomed, pondering the cards as though she might be passing the time in the corner of a club lounge. Inside, the SILENCE of the mess tins registers with Basie, who now rouses himself and calls to Jim.
76) 1) dialog: Chow time, Jim! Get in line. Mr. Vincent stops pacing and picks up his mess tin and hi wife's mess tin and goes toward the exterior. Mrs. Vincen continues to play Patience. Jim gets himself painfully an tiredly to his feet. He is still barefoot. He picks up his mess tin and comes across to Basie to get Basie's mes tin. BASIE ° You should make yourself useful to Mrs. LEE. Ingratiate yourself a little. A woman always needs help with her fire.
76) 12) dialog: Get Mrs. Partridge's Potato while you're there. Jim looks at Basie, surprised. He glances over towards the Partridges.
76) 14) dialog: (levelly) She died, Jim, but she didn't hand in her dinner pail. (Screenwriters note: b s " ¢ survival course.) Jim approach chi ith’ reat l of trepidation. He bends down to take the tin from Mrs. Partridges cold, stiff fingers and looks over his shoulde
76) 15) dialog: 
76) 16) dialog: (Hisses) Take it!
76) 18) dialog: Don't forget to bow to Sergeant Uchida.
76) 20) dialog: (piously) She's with God now. He doesn't mind her hair.
76) 29) dialog: George Partridge...? I did hear something when I. was in Shanghai jail. (face lights up) Yes, that's right-- he's in one of the camps and is looking forward to seeing you. I'll try to find out which one if you like.
76) 31) dialog: We have to share what we can. :
76) 33) dialog: Very nice. Basie puts the hairbrush inside his shirt and accepts the bottle of water back, corks it.
76) 34) dialog: I'll have some news in a day or two.
76) 36) dialog: I give it three months.
76) 38) dialog: The Japs have occupied Hong Kong, Manila, the East Indies, Singapore--it'll be business as usual in no time.
76) 39) text: It is clear from Mr. Partridge's change of expression tha that is not what he meant. Mr. Partridge picks up his mes tin and leaves. Basie approaches Mrs. Vincent who does no look up.
76) 45) dialog: (amiably) Red Jack on Black Queen.
76) 47) dialog: Just going.
78) 0) text: Jim arrives at Basie's mat with the three mess tins, each containing a potato in its share of the potato water. Basie takes two of the mess tins.
78) 1) dialog: You helped Mrs. Lee? IM eo f I ingratiate . ade sé] very useful.
78) 2) dialog: And you got a fair ration as a result. Basie halves the third potato with his fingers and hands one half to Jim.
78) 4) dialog: That's it. If you can help people you'll live off the interest. Jim puts his mess tin to his lips and drains the water fr it. Unsatisfied, he eyes Basie's little bottle of water. Basie shifts the bottle slightly, moving it away.
78) 5) dialog: We don't drink that, Jim. We don't drink from the water butt. Only potato water that's been boiled like I told you.
78) 13) dialog: I'm looking after you, Jim.
78) 15) dialog: Your dad would appreciate that. Perhaps I'll still get that reward. The entire meal has now been eaten. Basie lies down and Jim picks up a piece of torn cardboard and fans him.
78) 18) dialog: I think I d@adgh methi i Good news. fmxT! = one. nb) 7 i camps and are} 1 in ‘oO 4 's £ seeing you. '"l ind ‘out“nith“énd for you.
78) 20) dialog: Never mind. I'm keeping up your education.
79) 0) text: In the open air, Basie sits on one of the benches in cris clean clothes. He is making an origami bird out of a cigarette packet. Elsewhere, Mrs. Lee is brushing her hai with the silver hairbrush. She catches Basie's eye and throws him a smile. Basie manipulates the little cardboar bird and then tosses it away. Elsewhere, Jim moves among the other prisoners, going from one to the next, greeting each by name but seldom getting a response. When he reach the EMACIATED SOLDIER, who is lying slumped against the perimeter wall in the sunshine, holding’ his mess tin in hand, Jim discovers that he has died. Jim eyes the now available mess tin. He hesitates. He looks round towards Basie. Then he decides to take the tin and he stoops to pick it up and continues.
80) 6) text: Basie looks up with interest from his sleeping mat. He is interested in the dead woman, or rather as we now find ou in her plimsolls. Basie comes over to the three boys. F
80) 7) dialog: Looks like your size, Jim. Basie starts to untie one of the shoe laces but it is knotted. He has some difficulty.
80) 12) dialog: _ {to Paul and David) She's with God now. He won't mind her having no shoes. One of the boys starts to ery silently. His brother stretches out a hand to comfort hin.
80) 15) dialog: Somebody will. Basie struggles with the shoe and Jim struggles with Basie's wrists. ANOTHER ANGLE Cc Mrs. Vincent who has of MiG et. A050. up and looks over towards them® ewe & ‘ed
80) 18) dialog: Lorry?
81) 0) text: The last stage of the line-up. The ritual which we have seen before. Soldiers and orderlies masked, are bringing in stretchers and walking wounded prisoners. The gates ar open and the lorry is outside. But the CUT is to Sergeant Uchida, passing along the line of prisoners. Mr. Partridg and others are rejected. Among those who are motioned to get into the lorry are Mr. and Mrs. Vincent, the Pyms, tw elderly couples, Mrs. Hug and her father, and then Paul a David. Each prisoner hands in a mess tin as before. Basie is next, and next to him is Jim. Sergeant Uchida gives th nod to Basie who follows Paul and David without a backwar glance. JIM'S POV - THE PRISONER Me I 00 : i climbing up into the lorbys jchben wo OF réé people who came with the lorry and remained on it. SERGEANT UCHIDA stops in front of Jim, who does his best look bright and healthy, somewhat against the odds. He seems about to let Jim leave when he glances, instead, ov his shoulder at the lorry, evidently to see if there is room for one more. Basie is just wedging himself into the remaining space on the bench, next to Paul and David. The JAPANESE SOLDIER who is going to stand guard in the back the lorry, puts the tailboard up and starts to haul himse up over it. Uchida pushes Jim back by the shoulder. Jim staggers and falls and picks himself up and shouts desper at Basie.
81) 2) dialog: Ignores Jim and is showing Paul and David a little conjuring trick with Jim's half crown, and gets a hesitan laugh out of them. Mrs. Vincent, sitting next to her husband, glances towards Jim. She looks at him with a sudden concern.
83) 8) dialog: Add that up any way you like and we're still lost.
83) 10) dialog: We're going to the country club. Jim's in charge. }
83) 25) dialog: (to Ransome) You got picked up late. Doctoring up-country? Ransome nods.
83) 26) dialog: I was working underground for the Kuo-min-tang.
83) 40) dialog: You're a sound commodity, Jim.
83) 46) dialog: (to Ransome) I'm looking after him for his daddy.
83) 49) dialog: Definitely.
84) 15) dialog: (under his breath) That's my boy. Jim accepts the bottle, BM Ck BOE § ree paces, wipes the neck 1B ee ores tips it into his mouth, draining it. Ransome's expression is puzzled and bitter. Basie smiles bleakly, more or less understanding. Mrs. Vincent does not understand and is hurt. The Corporal looks across at the prisoners’ dismay and laughs. Jim laughs with him. Jim gives the bottle bac to the Corporal, who now refills it to the top from his canteen. He gives it to Jim, who bows again and this time takes it to the lorry, standing in front of Ransome, who has got to his feet. Ransome stares briefly at Jim.
84) 17) text: Ransome takes the bottle, and Jim goes back to his place, sitting on the ground, leaning against one of the wheels the lorry. Ransome tips a little water into the mouth of the SICKEST WOMAN and then into the mouths of two or thre Elderly Prisoners who can't move. Basie reaches out for the bottle but Ransome tips it to his own mouth first taking a couple of gulps; it seems he might take a third gulp, but finds Jim looking at him expressionlessly, and checks himself. Ransome passes the bottle on. Jim looks away again. When the bottle reaches Mrs. Vincent she firs of all gives a drink to her husband.
85) 13) dialog: I don't see any camp. Behind them the guard lowers the tailgate and the prisone get out. Mrs. Hug seizes up the situation.
86) 17) dialog: They deposit their EM CHE GG & i ree pilots. 2 | They SEE Jim and the th They are Starlding under the wing of the Zero.
98) 0) text: The cubicle is a corner one, with two windows giving Basi a clear view of the entire camp. He is sitting on his bunk, dressed in a long sleeved cotton shirt, faded but neatly creased. The cubicle is like a general store; clothing, pots and pans, tennis racquets, stacks of old magazines. Jim enters in his usual state of panting excitement. Basie sits on the bed, absently playing with the half crown coin which he slips in his pocket when Jim arrives; not to hide it, but Jim merely replaces the coin as something to occupy him.
98) 11) dialog: Come in, Jim. You're alright. There just isn't enough air for you in the whole of Nantao, isn't that it?
98) 13) dialog: You're better than a laundry. Basie smiles warmly at Jim. He reaches under his bed for i) a tin box from which he takes a potato and gives it to
98) 15) dialog: (pleased) This will do fine. ow ERMEHNOQ8 9
98) 16) dialog: (ignoring him) Did you get the sewing needle? eS Jim finds the needle in the hem of his shorts. Basie t it from him and examines it. |
98) 18) dialog: Good boy. Basie fiddles with the cork and needle. He lays the needl flat on the cork seeing how it will work as a compass. Demarest is folding the laundry Jim brought and placing i under Basie's mattress. Jim licks the last of the potato from his fingers.
98) 23) dialog: - Got to? What do you mean, got to? Are you going to give me the potato back? Jim is taken aback. Demarest smiles at Jim's discomfort, but Basie's pendulum is still swinging. He snarls at Demarest.
98) 24) dialog: What are you laughing at? And he jerks his head at Demarest, indicating that he should leave, which he does. Basie is feeling expansive. Jim always makes him feel powerful. He stares at Jim, looking him over as if he is going to remake him.
98) 25) dialog: Jim, would you like to become an American?
98) 27) dialog: Put your chin on your chest and don't move. Jim does as he is told. He HEARS the quick snipping of scissors. He sees his long English locks fall to the floo
98) 28) text: Basie is giving Jim a crew cut and it's obvious by the quick, confident way he goes about his business, that Bas cut hair in another life.
98) 29) dialog: (making conversation like a barber) Did you see the Mustang yesterday?
98) 38) dialog: (as an aside) Keep your head down. You'll see Plenty of them soon. And B-29s.
98) 40) dialog: The Superfortress, Jim.
98) 42) dialog: The Mariana Islands, Saipan, Guam. Yeah, the Marines took the Marianas with the infantry; the 27th and the 77th. That means that Tokyo is going to be in bomber range.
98) 52) text: BASIE i That's the idea. First the Japanese feed you and then the Americans are going to get you killed. Then it's the other way around. It's all timing,
98) 56) dialog: Sure. JIM i Promise?
98) 60) dialog: - (sharply, almost cross) I promise. And he pushes Jim's head to the right rather roughly. As he starts to work on Jim's right side...
98) 61) dialog: How's your friend, Dr. Schweitzer?
98) 63) dialog: Yeah? That's worth a Reader's Digest, Jim.
98) 65) dialog: I'm increasing your word power, Jim.
98) 67) dialog: Your mother and father are going to be pleased, coming back with all these new words.
98) 69) dialog: I don't want you going over there anymore.
98) 79) dialog: - You can get up now, Jim. (beat as he looks. at Jim) You're an American now. Americans don't need Latin. They've got something much more important. Jim feels his new hair, his new identity.
98) 81) dialog: Know how, Jim...know how. Jim smiles and hands Basie the two condoms Ransome gave him. Demarest sticks his head through the curtain.
99) 0) text: Jim leaves Basie's cubicle and jerks his head at Demarest who scowls at the deliberate impertinence and goes into Basie's cubicle.
104) 0) text: Basie is watching out the window.
112) 0) text: Demarest is in there busily strapping a razor. Basie waits to be shaved, sheet around his neck. Dainty is also there, crouched over a map and compass; the compass is the homemade one made by Basie with Jim's cork and needle; the map is a guide book of the Shanghai area.
112) 3) dialog: That was another fine way to get yourself killed, Jim. (with a last, withering glance at the shoes) I thought you were an American. Jim is close to tears, but then Basie'’s mood changes and thrusts the Yardley soap towards Jim.
112) 5) dialog: Have a smell....Yardley's, prewar.
112) 11) dialog: This camp is like Macy's under the rug. You wouldn't believe the stuff people are saving for a rainy day...
112) 27) dialog: Naw, they aren't that efficient.
112) 31) dialog: No, Jim. I'll tell you when it's time. |
112) 39) dialog: You'd like that, Demarest. I should have a mirror. Can you find me a mirror, Jim?
112) 42) dialog: Without you, Jim, I wouldn't have a needle. Without me, I wouldn't have a compass.
112) 48) dialog: Leave it, Dainty. Suddenly, there is the sound of SHOUTING, in Japanese, coming form the American dormitory.
112) 50) dialog: Door, Jim. Jim goes to the "doorway" of Basie's cubicle.
112) 53) dialog: Demarest, you dumb...
112) 56) dialog: Lose it - not out the window. i
112) 60) dialog: Why Cohen?
114) 0) text: oe The "chess board" has b| Fed ‘i a bb >. Sabidlng case. Basie and Daintyja i g [chess . i fang’ Demarest are watching them play. en Nagata enters, ey all get to their feet and stand politely. Nagata walks in . carefully. There are now five people in the cubicle and one of them stands out: Basie is spruce, tidy, smoothly shaven, and wearing nice laundered clothes. Nagata, Dainty, Demarest and Jim have more in common, they are variously unshaven, bedraggled, dirty, sweaty and ragged. Nagata sniffs the air delicately. He takes in Basie's appearance and resents it. He puts his grimy face next to Basie's clean one and sniffs the Yardley's. He touches Basie's clean white shirt and looks down at Basie's dappe shoes. He looks at his own army boots with their laces broken and knotted. Nagata casually kicks over the "table sending the chess Pieces scattering. The bowl of shaving soap and the enamel mug have been Placed on the floor und the box and are now revealed. The mug is still foamy, wit the shaving brush stuck in it. Nagata takes out the shavi brush and looks at it thoughtfully and drops it on the floor. Demarest, Particularly, is scared, his eyes on the mug full of foam.
114) 13) dialog: As Nagata's boots do their work on him, he looks at Jim (the only person he trusts).
114) 19) dialog: - (gasping) Take care of my things. Basie loses consciousness and Nagata could easily kick Basie to death. Jim watches in agony. He is about to interfere, but Daint warns him with a slight shake of his head not to move. _ Finally, Nagata stops and walks abruptly out of the cub
117) 14) dialog: He opens his eyes and reads the anguish on his friend's face. With a sleepy smile, he indicates the mosquito netting.
117) 15) dialog: Ransome..is..on the take. It takes him a few moments to realize what Basie means and, when he does, his reaction is complex. He feels joy that his friend is alive, and sadness because he thought even the privilege of dying is for sale (and, in that case, everything is for sale). Jim touches the mosquito net.
117) 17) dialog: Yeah, it only cost me two batteries.
117) 21) dialog: That's right.
117) 23) dialog: Ship steward on the Shanghai/Frisco run.
117) 25) dialog: Shanghai/Frisco will be the trip now, eh Jim?
117) 32) dialog: Here.
117) 34) dialog: I'll live somewhere else.
117) 37) dialog: Did I say that? There are a few moments of silence (if there was a grandfather clock, we could hear it ticking).
117) 38) text: 4A eon f cy oes Why don' nye ‘Epne|ana ire Ate qi Amherst ue? tI Tid }like/ you ee Z come meet my parén Ss. Y eX%1 the pool and we'll eat three times e day. Basie smiles at the prospect, but then his smile turns in a scowl.
117) 39) dialog: Hey, you're not feeling sorry for me, are you?
117) 42) dialog: That's right.
117) 48) dialog: You said it, kid. ) (beat) Now, I've been thinking ‘bout going up river.
117) 50) dialog: The plan is to take a sampan up the Yangtze estuary and rendezvous with some Hakka friends of mine.
117) 52) dialog: (with a wink) Let's just call them gentlemen of fortune, shall we? Tell me, Jim, did you ever see the Hell drivers in Shanghai? i
117) 54) dialog: (pleased) Well, that's what I'm going to call our little outfit, the Hell ‘ drivers. With two fifty calibres in S the hold, we're going to be lords of the Yangtze. Come to think of it, not a bad name.
117) 56) text: Basie smiles to himself.
117) 58) dialog: After this war, everything will change. The Chinese are going to take this city back and no one is going to stop them. No, the smart money is on the estuary, Jim.’ That's ringside for the next war. }
117) 64) dialog: After that I am retired, start a barber college. (beat) Now I'm going to be straight with you, Jim. It's between you and Dainty. Jim almost trembles with excitement.
117) 66) dialog: Tell me... why... and I'll take you.
117) 70) text: BO pA BASIE, fy NY OY (with! “certain wart} cs uy What are Vout dod se here, YWAay2s’ #
117) 72) dialog: Said who?
117) 74) dialog: (narrows his eyes) You've been had, kid. I didn't ask for you....and I never would. Jim realizes what happened, and runs from the men's ward.
118) 0) text: Jim stands in the doorway of Basie's cubicle. He is out o breath.
120) 6) text: Jim runs up to Basie, but he ignores Jim.
124) 0) text: Basie is lying on his cot, watching the smoke of his ciga trail towards the ceiling, when he HEARS Jim's song throu the open window. One can't tell what he thinks about it, because his expression stays the same.
126) 0) text: Basie, Dainty, and Tiptree are standing by the window. Basie points towards the airfield.
126) 1) dialog: You go out through near the block house. The nettles are high enough, for Christ's sake, and you're on the airfield.
126) 4) text: Demarest pushes Jim into the cubicle. Jim doesn't know what to expect. Is this his return from exile, or is he to be punished? Basie looks Jim up and down, but doesn't say a word.
126) 5) text: JIM i (very softly) Hello, Basie. Basie produces an almost new Life magazine and casually opens it. : Jim SEES all the pictures and color ads.
126) 10) dialog: Forty-five.
126) 12) dialog: June 14.
126) 14) dialog: I subscribe. Dainty and Tiptree laugh.
126) 15) dialog: i I n. Honda au Tikes to feb b, RY Jim. meee yo sok sects Bae } after mep_ t fol ger pecnae Studebaker, sates (with a ro gm 1 oot! - things from home.
126) 17) text: We'll see, first things first. Jim feels like an American again, back in the land of the living. And, he watches Basie put the magazine aside and pick up a wire noose attached to a stake.
126) 18) dialog: Look at this.
126) 20) dialog: It's a pheasant trap. Do you know what Thanksgiving dinner is, Jim?
126) 27) dialog: Well, as an honorary American, we thought we'd invite you...but what is Thanksgiving dinner without pheasant? And Basie dangles the noose.
126) 29) dialog: Sure, one or two. (puts his finger in the wire noose and pulls it tight) It's like a noose, see? Neat. I've seen them just outside the wire.
128) 0) text: Basie, Dainty, Tiptree, and Demarest are at the window. The fence and the overgrown wilderness beyond it, borderi the airfield.
128) 10) dialog: There's no mines. I bet you could walk through anywhere.
128) 12) dialog: With what, Dainty?
128) 14) dialog: My Life.
130) 0) text: Bedlam! At least FIFTEEN PEOPLE are crowded into Basie's cubicle and trying to look out the window. This is obviously the most fun they've had for weeks. Then, Tiptree (he's got a good seat) sees something.
132) 2) dialog: Forget it. Jim's lucky. He's a black cat.
132) 12) dialog: (to the others) My Swiss bank account. (he opens the sack and takes out a watch) You're on Tiptree. This initiates an orgy of betting.
132) 17) text: You got it, Basie.
132) 19) dialog: (snaps) No market.
134) 0) text: We ‘SEE the intent faces at the window. Basie looks tense Everybody is staring, fascinated.
134) 6) text: 4 “a, ” ft \ fof i) (=! = DAY 188 i! Coe C The Americans all olen! to Bas. (with relish) You're looking at a busted flush, Basie.
134) 9) dialog: (intense) Shut up!! I'll double all bets and I want all my old magazines back.
134) 19) dialog: You're going to lose some weight, my friend.
140) 0) text: Basie smiles and snaps his fingers.
140) 1) dialog: Demarest. ") fn yaecne Demarest moves to EMC GOS leaving.
140) 2) dialog: Nobody leaves till the bets are settled. He thrusts his hand out to one side.
140) 3) dialog: My binoculars, if you would be so kind. American II hands over the binoculars. Basie puts the binoculars against his eyes and watches Ji through the window.
140) 4) dialog: Good boy.
141) 13) dialog: I know you did, Jim. I saw you. And he hands Jim the Life magazine.
141) 17) dialog: is frantically making a shut-up sign to Dainty, but Daint doesn't see him.
141) 22) dialog: (to Dainty) Dainty..you asshole. (jerks his head to Demarest) Bring him back.
146) 14) dialog: Jim. Basie starts hurrying up the staircase of the block house
147) 2) dialog: Afraid to step onto the roof, he stands on the last few stairs that lead up to it.
147) 3) dialog: (Shouts) Jim!!! Get down!!! Jim turns towards Basie. But he is drowned out by a burst of Mustang machine-gun fire. And, Jim's eyes are on the sky as he practically dances across the roof. Basie gathers his courage, and steps onto the roof.
147) 4) dialog: (shouts over the din) Jim!!! 203 204 205 206 207 208
147) 20) dialog: Now, calm down, come on down with me. They see the Mustangs veering away from the airfield and heading for home. Only the winged Mustang remains, and it begins to spiral towards the burial mounds, but the pilot manages to bail out. His parachute unfurls with the snap silk in the wind. ,
147) 22) dialog: Sure you are, Jim. So, let's get on with our jobs. And he guides Jim towards the stairs. “Jim suddenly hugs Basie, who isn't used to being hugged, and stands there w his hands stiffly by his side.
147) 32) text: At the SOUND of the shots, Basie hugs Jim. Ransome climbs onto the roof and sees them there. Basie takes Jim and pushes him gently into Ransome's arms.
147) 33) dialog: Jim's tired. Jim hugs Dr. Ransome, bias ebrs. ERICH OCS § Amatus sum, amatus es, amatus est.
153) 2) text: Jim enters. Basie is not there. Demarest is standing looking stunned, in tears.
172) 11) text: What's this talk about white Cadillacs? Jim SEES Basie sauntering towards him from the car.
173) 1) text: Jim squirms between Basie and the bearded European (a Frenchman) in the backseat. OTHER MEN occupy the front seat. They are drinking rice wine and pass the bottle to the backseat. The contents of the canister are scattered all over the car; K-rations, cans of Spam, cartons of Chesterfields - a black marketeers dream.
173) 4) dialog: Jim, there's no room for wrestling. Just sit quietly. Basie takes a can of Spam, peels the cover back, and hand it to Jim. Jim doesn't hesitate. He scoops out one third of the meat and wolfs it down. Basie shakes his head and takes the ca away from Jim, feeding him much smaller amounts.
173) 16) dialog: You know what happens to people who eat too fast, don't you, Jim?
173) 19) dialog: You need more than luck in Shanghai.
173) 21) dialog: (remarkably unenthusiastic) He'll be there, and every GI Joe in the Pacific. The Frenchman thrusts the rice wihe into Jim's hand. Jim drinks from the bottle, washing away some of the Spam.
173) 23) text: Jim passes the bottle to Basie.
174) 1) dialog: He sticks his head out of the window.
174) 2) dialog: Wait for me here, and keep your head down. The car pulls away with SCREECHING tires and then lurches to a halt again. Basie motions to Jim. Jim runs up to the car.
174) 5) dialog: 
174) 6) dialog: (with a grin) Hey, kid...you want a Hershey bar? Before Jim can reply, the car pulls away again and Basie throws something out the window. “ANGLE ON JIM He runs to the object and Picks it up.
177) 1) dialog: with a gun in his hand, is running from the Buick towards Jim.
177) 4) dialog: (a little drunk) I'll give you a whole damn fruit salad. Now, let's get out of here. Jim turns the pilot on his back. The pilot is as good as dead, but Jim tries to. bring him back the way he did Amy Matthews. Basie realizes that Jim is truly distraught.
177) 14) dialog: - (by way of apology) Hey, kid, I just saw the shove. He watches Jim pounding on the pilot's chest while keepin one eye on the car.
177) 15) dialog: (skeptical) If he's not dead, you'll kill him.
177) 19) dialog: Ransome is gone, Jim. So is everybody else. (indicates pilot) He's dead...we've got to go... now. Jim pounds on the pilot's chest with all his might, tryin to keep his eyes open.
177) 21) text: Basie pleads.
177) 22) dialog: Come on, you've got to come with me...I've got to look after you for your daddy.
177) 38) dialog: Hey, come on. You're my boy. 1 got to. take you to your daddy. We'll fill up the pool and eat three times a day.
177) 40) text: Basie jumps in the backseat of the Buick.
177) 56) dialog: Allergies.
180) 2) text: There is nothing left of Basie's great hoard but a broken tennis racket. Jim stands there for awhile as he looks at his childhood before riding away.