45) 0) text: The bedroom door is opened carefully by Jim who then look in and comes inside. The room has been disturbed, perhaps looted. Scent bottles and powder boxes have been swept of the dressing table. Clothes are in disarray on the unmade bed. The polished parquet floor is covered in powder on which there are confusing footprints. The dressing mirror has been splintered. Jim sniffs the air, grimacing. He comes forward and examines the footprints on the floor, puzzled by them. There are the dainty footprints of a woman and the large prints of soldiers’ boots. It looks like the footprint patterns in a dance manual, and Jim experimentally tries to follow the dance, placing his fee into the prints until he can't make it work. He is standi against the bed. He sits exhausted on the bed and picks u his mother's nightdress, bringing it to his face and taki comfort from its smell. He lies down holding the nightdre to his face.
76) 0) text: There is an insistent tinny banging NOISE, an amplified version of a sound we have heard before. This time it is the Europeans. They have been turned into beggars. They bang their mess tins against the ground, against benches, against the walls. The general view of the detention center shows the prison standing, lying or sitting, all of them still, apart from banging their tins, all of them staring silently in much same direction... which we see is the door of the guard h Sergeant Uchida comes out of the guard house with a small sack which he tosses in a general direction of the cookin where TWO CHINESE WOMEN, one of them being MRS. LEE by na have also been waiting. With the appearance of the sack o potatoes, only large enough to hold one potato for each prisoner, the prisoners cease rattling their tins. This h been CROSS-CUT with... INT./EXT. DETENTION CENTER - DAY lll In the "interior", und "seats, SH 5 if ng on his mat and looking some ndbageeeetna ep) e mobile, is listening to the TTL ENG...of the + “Basie LOOKS at Jim asleep on his mat some little distance away from Basie's mat and Mrs. Partridge, who is lying on the mat next to him and who, we can now SEE, is dead. Basie also SEES Mr. Vincent pacing up and down, and Mrs. Vincent sitting quietly on her sleeping mat with a dainty pack of cards, playing Patience. She is calm and absorbed and comparatively well-groomed, pondering the cards as though she might be passing the time in the corner of a club lounge. Inside, the SILENCE of the mess tins registers with Basie, who now rouses himself and calls to Jim.
97) 8) dialog: Would you like a Hershey bar?
112) 0) text: Demarest is in there busily strapping a razor. Basie waits to be shaved, sheet around his neck. Dainty is also there, crouched over a map and compass; the compass is the homemade one made by Basie with Jim's cork and needle; the map is a guide book of the Shanghai area.
112) 2) dialog: (snaps) What kept you? RAC Et Ag Mr. Radik is ang ee QB Q other news. From the way the other men look at him, and the way Basie ignores him, Jim deducts that he is in disgrace. After what seems to be like an eternity, Basie deigns to look at Jim, and then at the golf shoes which he regards with a particular hatred.
112) 15) dialog: Nothing to you. BASIE i Silence is a good friend to a boy, Jim.
112) 18) dialog: Put it down.
112) 20) dialog: The river's pretty much due East. You could work up the bank, or you could steal a sampan and work up the middle, otherwise you could go North of East but there's a couple of canals to cross, and this map doesn't tell you if it's buildings, Paddyfields or what... Jim takes all this in and becomes excited.
112) 25) dialog: What about it?
112) 34) dialog: Fat chance. - By now Demarest is exp pnd rt pidly sHayiing Ge
112) 47) dialog: I think the river's best. Maybe even cross the river. There'll be fewer Japs.
112) 52) dialog: Radio search. Demarest, meanwhile, has folded the razor and tossed it o the window.
112) 54) dialog: (interrupting) Your compass, Basie.... Dainty tosses the compass to Basie who hands it to Demare
112) 64) dialog: - Why not? It's his turn, and I'm sick of his goddamn drum!
114) 0) text: oe The "chess board" has b| Fed ‘i a bb >. Sabidlng case. Basie and Daintyja i g [chess . i fang’ Demarest are watching them play. en Nagata enters, ey all get to their feet and stand politely. Nagata walks in . carefully. There are now five people in the cubicle and one of them stands out: Basie is spruce, tidy, smoothly shaven, and wearing nice laundered clothes. Nagata, Dainty, Demarest and Jim have more in common, they are variously unshaven, bedraggled, dirty, sweaty and ragged. Nagata sniffs the air delicately. He takes in Basie's appearance and resents it. He puts his grimy face next to Basie's clean one and sniffs the Yardley's. He touches Basie's clean white shirt and looks down at Basie's dappe shoes. He looks at his own army boots with their laces broken and knotted. Nagata casually kicks over the "table sending the chess Pieces scattering. The bowl of shaving soap and the enamel mug have been Placed on the floor und the box and are now revealed. The mug is still foamy, wit the shaving brush stuck in it. Nagata takes out the shavi brush and looks at it thoughtfully and drops it on the floor. Demarest, Particularly, is scared, his eyes on the mug full of foam.
119) 4) dialog: Basie ain't coming back, kid. Demarest starts to shuffle the cards.
126) 0) text: Basie, Dainty, and Tiptree are standing by the window. Basie points towards the airfield.
126) 3) dialog: . . tens A Yeah, right, if aou den t +4 eins: moh C Eee OREO wetag eee iui 4 And I am ‘télling"you. that theré'ré | no mines. I
128) 0) text: Basie, Dainty, Tiptree, and Demarest are at the window. The fence and the overgrown wilderness beyond it, borderi the airfield.
128) 9) dialog: I lay odds he hits a mine.
128) 11) dialog: You got a bet.
128) 13) dialog: My reserve. He produces three cigarettes from his pocket. PZ AMNIY AAR 7s (wath Walid) C But, whatuare you, going fith’, Basie? Basie holds up the Life magazine.
141) 18) dialog: And hell, that brat was all over the place, so it isn't like he missed any.
160) 0) text: ) The jeep-type vehicle halts and TWO JAPANESE SOLDIERS t an unconscious, beaten-up, prisoner onto the hospital veranda. This is Dainty. Ransome comes out of the hospita doorway. The vehicle roars away. Ransome kneels down and turns Dainty over. Jim comes running up, carrying his box which he puts on the steps.
161) 0) text: Ransome and Jim half carry and half drag Dainty into the dispensary and then into the men's ward where they put hi on a cot. Dainty. . awh EM fall 008 9