61) 0) text: Jim bursts barefoot out of the alley and into the street and is nearly killed by a lorry. The lorry brakes and Jim falls, unhurt. The driver of the lorry, a big young American called FRANK, jumps out of the cab and approache Jim. The pursuing boys are intimidated by him and they leave Jim to him.
61) 1) dialog: Hello, kid. You alright?
61) 3) dialog: Who belongs to you? Where do you live?
61) 6) dialog: Yeah? Looks like you nearly lost your shirt.
61) 8) dialog: I'll give you a vide, maybe find your pa.
61) 14) dialog: Is that right? Frank is wearing the working clothes of an American merchant seaman. Jim slides scross into the passenger sea and Frank gets up into the cab.
61) 16) dialog: (shaking his head) Just wait till Basie sees this. He starts the engine.
62) 0) text: The lorry, Frank driving and Jim next to him, talking, works its way through whatis 3 [to be fan @batidoriéd and derelict dockyard towa: poo ifhg hull df Wetrepit, dry-docked cargo ship. t A 4
63) 0) text: The lorry parks close to the ship and Frank and Jim get down. Frank leads Jim into the ship through the gap left by a missing plate in the hull, Frank carrying a canvas sack, heavy. Jim is still talking, animatedly, but we can't hear.
64) 0) text: Inside there is a raised bamboo platform onto which Frank and Jim climb and along which they walk towards a steel ladder further on in the gloom.
64) 2) dialog: Kid, you're getting on my nerves.
65) 0) text: The steel door is pushed open and Frank shoves Jim forwar through it and follows himself. Jim is standing in a smal steel-walled cabin up near the top of the ship, with a . Charcoal stove sending its smoke through an open skylig The floor is littered with rags and bits of scrap metal, engine parts, brass portholes. There is a cot and a coupl of canvas chairs. A man, BASIE, is tending to a cooking pot on the stove. Frank drops his canvas bag heavily on t floor. Evidently it contains more scrap metal. Jim sways faint with hunger. Basie looks up. When he speaks we realize he is, like Frank, an American.
65) 1) dialog: I found him running around, but I'm sorry already. I don't know whether he's hungrier or crazier...
65) 10) dialog: (angrily) Basie! I didn't sell one of these goddam portholes and those Hongkew merchants are charging ten dollars for a bag of rice!
65) 12) dialog: Cathedral? Is he some kind of priest?
65) 18) dialog: We'll be sitting here up to our necks in junk eating rats when the Japs walk in...
65) 20) dialog: And if I sold every one of these things there isn't enough to get us a sampan up river to Chunking - we'd have to strip the Queen Mary! (to Jim) . And we don't have enough rice for you, kid.
65) 46) dialog: I always eat after you, Basie.
65) 48) dialog: You try going out there.
65) 50) dialog: Without me you'd be in a camp right now along with his mummy and daddy and all the taipans who were riding this town before it rolled on 'em.
65) 61) dialog: (cynically) You find any gold teeth in there, Basie?
66) 0) text: The lorry is ina busy st igs mo, PE s market. Frank is arivingpan i at Be etn him and Basie. Jim is ill a looks i Hav: ‘eh uble ystaying awake. Seas oupleys
66) 5) dialog: We've been feeding him for three days and it ain't paying.
66) 16) dialog: ~ Thinks he's a smart kid.
68) 3) dialog: Nobody wants you. You're worth nothing. You're skin and bone. Soon you're going to be sick all the time.
68) 20) dialog: That's right, Basie. Basie is still standing by the open door of the cab. He considers Jim for a moment.
70) 18) dialog: How about cash?